30300	Studette meublée claire et calme, quartier vivant et agréable proche toutes commodités, à deux pas du M° Lamarck-Caulaincourt. En rez-de-chaussée sur cour, 11m2, belle hauteur sous plafond, lit en mezzanine (futons), kitchenette équipée (plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, mini-four, micro-ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), salle d'eau (douche-WC-lavabo).	Studette meublée claire et calme, quartier vivant et agréable proche toutes commodités, à deux pas du M° Lamarck-Caulaincourt. En rez-de-chaussée sur cour, 11m2, belle hauteur sous plafond, lit en mezzanine (futons), kitchenette équipée (plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, mini-four, micro-ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), salle d'eau (douche-WC-lavabo).
30301	Cosy flat in well kept building near the Sacré Coeur,	At the foot of the Sacré Coeur, in a quiet and quaint street with a variety of restaurants, cafés and wine bars to choose from. Cosy flat in well kept building near the Sacré Coeur, The whole flat is for our guests Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. I will be more than happy to help out Quaint streets hosting small shops selling original objects and clothes. The flat is just at the foot of the Sacré Coeur, near Moulin Rouge and 5 minutes away from the metro station. Montmartre is an artist's haven and incredibly interesting for all tourists 5 minutes away from the closest Métro station, and close to other stations, leading to central Paris, which is 10 mintues away by métro.
30302	Typical, Historic Parisian flat with old world charm The flat has: -a large-double room with 2 double futon beds. There is a table that can be opened up to comfortably seat up to 10 people. The room can be divided into two for privacy at night by closing the French doors and futons fold out into double beds. -an independent room at the far end of the flat with a queen size bed And of course, bathroom and kitchen! All of the beds have high quality down comforters, down pillows and 100% cotton linens cleaned with eco-friendly products.   The kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped and recently renovated.   All amenities:  Dishwasher, clothes washer, reverse osmosis water filter, free wifi, etc. All linens provided.   Eco-friendly:  The flat is cleaned using eco-friendly products. Great location:  3 street markets, shops, bakeries all within a few minute walk.  Easy to get around: Near metro lines 4 (1 minute) & 12 (3 minutes) and several bus lines make it easy to access the whole of Pari	Great location: Ten minute walk to the famous Sacre Coeur/Montmartre Spacious & eclectic-Indian, rustic & antique design. Everything you need for a comfortable stay. Markets, restaurants, bars, bakery, buses, 2 metro stops within 5 minutes walk. Typical, Historic Parisian flat with old world charm The flat has: -a large-double room with 2 double futon beds. There is a table that can be opened up to comfortably seat up to 10 people. The room can be divided into two for privacy at night by closing the French doors and futons fold out into double beds. -an independent room at the far end of the flat with a queen size bed And of course, bathroom and kitchen! All of the beds have high quality down comforters, down pillows and 100% cotton linens cleaned with eco-friendly products.   The kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped and recently renovated.   All amenities:  Dishwasher, clothes washer, reverse osmosis water filter, free wifi, etc. All linens provided.   Eco-friendly:  The flat is cl
30303	Charme de l'ancien & confort car refait à neuf - Balcon filant avec vue sur les toits Charming, comfortable, long balcony with a view on the Roofs	Appartement lumineux avec balcon refait à neuf dans immeuble Haussmannien au cœur du 18ème arrondissement, au pied du métro et du quartier de Montmartre. Sunny, renovated and charming apartement near from Montmartre and very close from all facilities (Bus/Subway/Shops/Restaurants). Parisian view & balcony Charme de l'ancien & confort car refait à neuf - Balcon filant avec vue sur les toits Charming, comfortable, long balcony with a view on the Roofs Quartier de Montmartre et Anvers à 15 min à pieds  Accessibilité vers le centre Marais - Châtelet - Grands Boulevards - Pigalle - Saint Germain...à 20 min maximum en métro Montmartre & Anvers at 15 min by walk The main points in the center of Paris accessible by Subway Accueil et départ des voyageurs - possibilité de partager du temps si présence sur Paris durant séjour Meeting during Welcoming & Departure - if asked and if available, possibility to spend time together Quartier Populaire, vivant et très animé! Restaurants excellents, beauté
30304	it is in the heart of Montmartre, one of the most romantic area of Paris. The flat has been entirely refurbished. You will enjoy the sun at the terrace amongst the flowers. Those who like chilling out will like having breakfast or a drink there in front of the Italian painting. The flat boasts a living room, a bedroom, a separate kitchen and a bathroom.	A piece of paradise with its terrace amongst the flowers, in the heart of Montmartre. Accommodation up to 4 people. It is located near metro stations and a stone's throw away from Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre and Basilique du Sacré Coeur
30305	L'appartement permet d'accueillir 2 personnes : un grand lit, un canapé, une table pour manger, une cuisine équipée, une salle de douche avec toilettes, parquet ancien. L'appartement a été rénové en 2014.	Next to 2 metro stations: Jules Joffrin (12) & Simplon (4) 10 mins by foot from the Sacré Cœur Charming bright studio, fully-equipped, entirely renovated in 2014 Quite street in an attractive neighborhood: bakeries, bars, restaurants, supermarkets Metro : Jules Joffrin (12) - Simplon (4) Beds made on arrival  Bed linen and bath towels provided.
30306	Subway line 12 and line 13 + lots of buses around Everything you may need is at you step  The apartment can welcome 4 people as we have a comfortable coach for 2 people	Subway line 12 and line 13 + lots of buses around Everything you may need is at you step  The apartment can welcome 4 people as we have a comfortable coach for 2 people
30307	The flat is 55m2. There is a big living room and dining room, perfect for romantic diners or brunchs with friends. There is space to move around, it's really confortable for a couple. It's typically parisian, with wooden floor, moulding on the ceiling and two fireplaces (which you can't use but can admire)! Grocery store just under the flat, wine shop, book shop, vintage and design shop, a bakery and a great pizzeria.	One-bedroom apartment, bright and with a large living / dining room. Large bedroom looking onto a courtyard. Great neighborhood at the foot of Montmartre. Best for short stay when we are in the apartment (most of the time). Can host up to 4 people. The flat is 55m2. There is a big living room and dining room, perfect for romantic diners or brunchs with friends. There is space to move around, it's really confortable for a couple. It's typically parisian, with wooden floor, moulding on the ceiling and two fireplaces (which you can't use but can admire)! Grocery store just under the flat, wine shop, book shop, vintage and design shop, a bakery and a great pizzeria. We have two options for renting the place: when we are here, we can change the living room into a private room. It's ok for short stays, from a couple of nights to 4 nights.  When we are not around (some week-ends, holiday), we are renting the whole space, so the guests have the flat for themselves. We'll be happy to give you s
30308		Chambre privative aménagée dans le double salon d'un appartement Haussmannien de 50m2.  Metro Jules Joffrin, à 15 minutes du Sacré-coeur. Cuisine toute équipée et salle de bain avec baignoire. Mon colocataire est très discret et est rarement là mais pourra vous conseiller des bons plans ;) Ligne 12 Jules Joffrin ou Ligne 4 Marcadet (deux stations de gare du nord) Réservation uniquement les week ends et pendant les ponts de mai.
30309	Vous serez comme chez vous ! Nous mettons un point d'honneur à ce que votre séjour à Paris soit unique et nous vous offrons le plus joli lieu pour y séjourner !	Appartement à deux pas de Montmartre et dans le cœur du très typique 18ème arrondissement ! Un appartement parisien très agréable et calme composé de deux chambres, un salon, une jolie petite cuisine et une salle de bain. Idéal pour un super week-end entre amis ou en couple ! Vous serez comme chez vous ! Nous mettons un point d'honneur à ce que votre séjour à Paris soit unique et nous vous offrons le plus joli lieu pour y séjourner ! Montmartre est à dix minutes à pieds ! Avec la quantité de transports en commun ou les taxis à disposition sur la place Jules Joffrin, vous êtes à 20 minutes de la Concorde/Opéra/Madeleine, à 10 minutes du quartier Pigalle et son moulin rouge, et tant d'autres lieux incroyables ! Nous serons présentes mais sachez que nous vous laisserons votre totale indépendance, nous travaillons et sommes souvent dehors Notre quartier est un des plus typiques de Paris ! Montmartre, les jolis cafés de la rue Custine/Caulaincourt, les marchés populaires et la fameuse rue d
30310		Studio 15 m² idéal pour vacances. Métro: pt de saint ouen / Guy moquet. Double vitrage, ensoleillé, au calme.. à 15min de la basilique sacré coeur de montmartre. velib (vélos à louer) à proximité. quartier très bien desservi avec commerces/bars...
30311		Charmant 2 pièces spacieux , quartier jeune et dynamique , plein de commerces et de bar sympa . Il y a une grande chambre , un grand salon et une sdb .L'appart est tout équipé. Nous le louons du 30/07 au 18/08 à la semaine ou pour la période . Merci
30312		Situé à deux minutes de deux lignes de métro , il est aussi connecté au bus de jour et de nuit. Dans le quartier serbe , le côté cosmopolite du coin en fait son charme. Il est calme et adapté pour un couple ou deux amis désirant découvrir Paris.
30313		Studio Paris 19ème
30314	Very spacious one bedroom apartment with a large kitchen/living space and a balcony looking over a leafy boulevard. There is a gorgeous exposed stone wall at one end of the kitchen giving an almost farmhouse feel, yet the wooden floors and white walls make it an unmistakably classic Parisian apartment. We have commissioned items of furniture which add a totally unique feel to the space. The bedroom has a king sized bed and looks out onto a quiet courtyard. There is a bath and a separate WC. If you are coming as more than two guests, the second bed is a double sofa bed in the living room. 	Our home is unusual for it's brightness. On the fifth floor of a traditional Parisian building of XIXc. We have lovely wooden floors and high ceilings. The bedroom is light and comfortable and we have furnished our home with care and individuality. Very spacious one bedroom apartment with a large kitchen/living space and a balcony looking over a leafy boulevard. There is a gorgeous exposed stone wall at one end of the kitchen giving an almost farmhouse feel, yet the wooden floors and white walls make it an unmistakably classic Parisian apartment. We have commissioned items of furniture which add a totally unique feel to the space. The bedroom has a king sized bed and looks out onto a quiet courtyard. There is a bath and a separate WC. If you are coming as more than two guests, the second bed is a double sofa bed in the living room.  Guests have access to a washing machine, dishwasher, wireless internet and all kitchen equipment. There is space for clothes in the wardrobe. And a piano..
30315	Studio 20 m ² situated in 4 street etex in 10 minutes on foot of montmartre completely furnished and equipped with shower, TOILETS were separated in the 2nd floor without elevator. Clear and quiet on court. The conditions are 350 euros a week. Lively area but sector of quiet house. Numerous restaurants and convenience stores. Situated near numerous public transportation. Available of the aout 1st on September 1st.  Metro Guy moquet	Quiet and sunny studio arranging many equipments and arrangements in a building of style 1900 typically Parisian near the mound Montmartre. There is numerous shop nearby and transport (subway, bus) Studio 20 m ² situated in 4 street etex in 10 minutes on foot of montmartre completely furnished and equipped with shower, TOILETS were separated in the 2nd floor without elevator. Clear and quiet on court. The conditions are 350 euros a week. Lively area but sector of quiet house. Numerous restaurants and convenience stores. Situated near numerous public transportation. Available of the aout 1st on September 1st.  Metro Guy moquet
30316	This home is located in the 18th arr. in the Grandes Carrieres neighborhood, near the Place Clichy and ten minutes away from the Sacre-coeur,the great Montmartre Basilica located on the famous Montmartre hill overlooking the picturesque sections of Pigalle and Blanche where you can find thé very famous and legendary cabaret le Moulin Rouge. At the bottom of the Norht slope,you will find the largest outdoors antique market in the world with its clothing booths and an incredible range of antiques from ordinary to very high end. It holds many typical bars and restaurants. It makes for a wonderful and unforgettable full day trip. In a 1930 building,this large 1100 sq.ft. living space is fixed up in a pleasant and convenient way with high ceilings (12ft) and lots of day light due to numerous windows. You'll also like is big kitchen with warms colors and his dining area, and his charmings and warms two bedrooms equiped with two bathrooms, one with a shower and one whith a tub. You also have 	"Un très bel appartement très spacieux avec grande hauteur sous plafond (3,50 m ), très agréable à vivre du fait de son grand living ( 40 m2 de surface ) et vu sa hauteur sous plafond,cela donne une très agréable sensation de confort et d'espace.   L'appartement est situé dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris dans le quartier des Grandes Carrières à proximité de la Place de Clichy et à 10 minutes du Sacré Coeur, la grande basilique de Monmartre située sur la célèbre Butte Montmartre qui domine les pittoresques quartiers de Pigalle et Blanche où se situe le renommé et légendaire cabaret "" Le Moulin Rouge"". Au nord, vous trouverez le grand marché aux Puces de Saint Ouen avec ses échoppes de vêtements, ses boutiques d'antiquité et ses nombreux bars et restaurants typiques.Dans un immeuble de 1930, cette appartement de 105 m² est décoré de façon agréable et fonctionnelle, avec une grande hauteur de plafond ( 3,50 mètres ). Vous adorerez vous prelasser dans  le spacieux triple living  très l"
30317		Ce 2 pièces a tout pour être votre pied à terre idéal. Cuisine totalement équipée (avec machine à laver), ouverte sur un salon confortable (avec un canapé lit 2 places pour accueillir) et chambre sépraée avec lit double et rangements.
30318	Near Montmartre area in a typical apartment building, my apartment is decorated with style, bright, walk-through and pretty spacious. There is no elevator but you won't need it as you will be on the 1st floor.  This is a perfect place to stay for a romantic journey in Paris or with your family. You’ll also feel very comfortable if you come alone for business trip. Be sure that my place is very clean. I am a non-smoker person and a housekeeper comes once a week and will come before your arrival to make the place perfectly clean.	Stylish, bright and well located all furnished 50 square meters apartment near the famous Parisian area of Montmartre. Very convenient location close to many food shop, cafés and restaurants. Perfect place to stay for a romantic journey or in Family. Near Montmartre area in a typical apartment building, my apartment is decorated with style, bright, walk-through and pretty spacious. There is no elevator but you won't need it as you will be on the 1st floor.  This is a perfect place to stay for a romantic journey in Paris or with your family. You’ll also feel very comfortable if you come alone for business trip. Be sure that my place is very clean. I am a non-smoker person and a housekeeper comes once a week and will come before your arrival to make the place perfectly clean. Clean towels and clean sheets will be provided. I am available all the time and will usually be in the area. 1 mn walk from the main street of the area (pedestrian on Sunday) with plenty of typical french restaurant
30319	L'appartement se situe en rez-de-chaussée, très lumineux et calme: il donne en partie sur une petite impasse semi-piétonne. Accessible par la rue et par l'immeuble.	Appartement type loft de 60m2, baigné de lumière. Deux chambres dont une en souplex. Quartier de la Mairie du 18ème arrdt (métros Lamarck Caulaincourt-Jules Joffrin), à deux pas du coeur de Montmartre. Quartier agréable et vivant: restaurants, cafés L'appartement se situe en rez-de-chaussée, très lumineux et calme: il donne en partie sur une petite impasse semi-piétonne. Accessible par la rue et par l'immeuble. Nous serons disponibles par téléphone tout au long du séjour. Quartier agréable et vivant: de nombreux restaurants à proximité, des cafés type bars à vin; le logement se trouve à côté de la rue du Poteau: rue commerçante (traiteurs, cavistes, fromagerie...) Le logement se situe à un 5-10 minutes des métros Jules Joffrin et Lamarck Caulaincourt (ligne 12) et 10-15 minutes des métros Marcadet et Simplon (ligne 4). A deux pas du logement, se trouvent des arrêts de bus desservis par deux lignes (bus n°31 et n°60).
30320	This room is in a nice three rooms flat (62 sqm) in the Montmartre area. The neighborhood is a cosmopolitan and contrasted area, suited for families as well as hips.  We propose our study room equipped with a convertible and comfortable sofa (140x190).  towels and linen provided. You will have access to : _ The living room: dinner table up to 6 people, coffee table, dvd player, tv screen, docking ipod/ipad station _ The kitchen which is fully equipped (oven, microwave, fridge, electric kettle, Italian coffee pot, dishwasher, washing machine) and has every basic cooking tools and seasoning you are free to use. _ The bathroom which is modern with a vintage claw foot bathtub. _ and the independant toilets. There is free wireless internet access  The location. The flat is only one or two minutes away from two tube station, Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4). You’ll find two markets in the immediate vicinity, one on Ordener Street (Wednesday and Saturday morning) and another one o	This room is in a nice three rooms flat (62 sqm) in the Montmartre area. The neighborhood is a cosmopolitan and contrasted area, suited for families as well as hips.  We propose our study room equipped with a convertible and comfortable sofa (140x190).  towels and linen provided. You will have access to : _ The living room: dinner table up to 6 people, coffee table, dvd player, tv screen, docking ipod/ipad station _ The kitchen which is fully equipped (oven, microwave, fridge, electric kettle, Italian coffee pot, dishwasher, washing machine) and has every basic cooking tools and seasoning you are free to use. _ The bathroom which is modern with a vintage claw foot bathtub. _ and the independant toilets. There is free wireless internet access  The location. The flat is only one or two minutes away from two tube station, Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4). You’ll find two markets in the immediate vicinity, one on Ordener Street (Wednesday and Saturday morning) and another one o
30321		L’appartement est situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, à 2 min du Moulin rouge et  à deux pas du Sacré Cœur. C'est un 2 pièces de 34m² Avec une capacité de 5 couchages. :) Vous profiterez d'un quartier très vivant dans un appartement au calme.
30322	Logement de 40m2 situé avenue Junot, donnant sur la rue Simon Dereure (Impasse calme) coté place Dalida et de son Jardin. Commerce et restaurant à proximité.  Serviettes de bain et draps fournis Flat in heart of Montmartre (5mn on foot to de Sacré coeur) for two people with a room (one Queen bed), ktichen et (website hidden) et Wifi free 	40 m2 de charme au cœur de Montmarte (5 min à pieds du sacré cœur). Lumineux. Calme. Neuf. Lit double de 140 cm. cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle et lave linge. Télé/wifi gratuit. proche commodités/commerces/métro Logement de 40m2 situé avenue Junot, donnant sur la rue Simon Dereure (Impasse calme) coté place Dalida et de son Jardin. Commerce et restaurant à proximité.  Serviettes de bain et draps fournis Flat in heart of Montmartre (5mn on foot to de Sacré coeur) for two people with a room (one Queen bed), ktichen et (website hidden) et Wifi free Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt et proche Abbesses (ligne 12) ou Bus 80 (Square caulaincourt) qui amène aux principales artères parisiennes (bd hausmann, Grand palais, Champs Elysées, rue saint dominique ....) Tous les jours par mail au coeur de Montmarte, proche de la place des Tertres, de la rue des abbesses, rue lepic, en face de la villa Léandre Bus, métro
30323	Grand appartement de 75m2 partagé en colocation avec deux jeunes femmes très joyeuses. Pas de grandes fêtes mais moments de convivialité à l'occasion. La chambre donne sur une rue en sens unique, donc pas de grosses nuisances sonores. Elle est très agréable.   La seule contrainte est l'accès à la salle de bain: il se fait en traversant l'une des deux autres chambres. Prévoir d'être respectueux et de s'arranger avec la colocataire pour définir l'horaire maximum de passage. Entre nous cela se fait très bien.	I propose a cosy and private bedroom in a flat in an apartment shared with two roommates in 5 min of the 'Sacré Coeur'. We prefer to welcome a woman for the balance and the care. The bathroom is to be shared in the respect. Kitchen and any confort.
30324	Lovely 2 room apartment, cosy and romantic, light and calm, typicaly parisien and at the heart of Montmartre. Includes : kitchen with a ceramic hob, oven, boiler, coffee machine, microwave and fridge. A living room with a couch, armchair, table, chairs, television, HIFI soundsystem, internet with wifi. A bedroom with a twin bed, clothes rack available. And a bathroom with a bath, washstand and toilets.	Cosy parisien apartment renewed at the end of 2013, with living room, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom (twin bed). At the heart of Montmartre, between the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré Coeur, at the Metro Abbesses, stores and coffee shops down the building Lovely 2 room apartment, cosy and romantic, light and calm, typicaly parisien and at the heart of Montmartre. Includes : kitchen with a ceramic hob, oven, boiler, coffee machine, microwave and fridge. A living room with a couch, armchair, table, chairs, television, HIFI soundsystem, internet with wifi. A bedroom with a twin bed, clothes rack available. And a bathroom with a bath, washstand and toilets. Some cupboards will be locked, the availables things must remain in the apartment, otherwise the deposit will be cashed in.  I will try to be there to greet you and explain how everything works in the apartment. I will give you my phone number, so if there's any problem, you'll be able to contact me. I will show you nice places to have a dri
30325	Belle chambre dans belle appartement au coeur de paris	Cette belle chambre, accueillant et douillet,est typique de la ville! Elle peut accueillir confortablement trois personnes et est tres central,dans une rue calme,a seulement deux blocs du Sacre Coeur et de la gare du Nord. Profitez de sa cuisine bien equipee, et de proximite avec les principales lignes de metro, Belle chambre dans belle appartement au coeur de paris Cuisine, salle à manger, salle de bain ( wc, douche) Les belles choses de Paris Metro ligne 12 station Marx Dormoy, ligne 2 la chapelle, Gare du Nord, 75018 Paris. Autoroute A1, péripherique Porte de la Chapelle, Sacrée-Coeur, Montmartre, Abesses, Pigalle, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, La Seine.............
30326		"benefits from a privileged location, it is situated near MONTMARTRE with its pedestrian streets and his(her,its) coffee(café) ""AMELIE POULAIN"". He(it) is also situated in 5min on foot of the famous cabaret the "" MOULIN ROUGE "" subway PLACE CLICHY 13"
30327	"ce charmant loft est situé rue Joseph de Maistre juste à côté de la rue Lepic (15m) au niveau de la rue des Abbesses, c'est un quartier commerçant et touristique avec de multiples restaurants, traiteurs et boutiques de créateurs en prêt à porter, vous serez à 15mn à pied du sacré cœur et de la place du Tertre qui symbolisent le Montmartre typique et le romantisme Parisien, descendez la rue Lepic et vous serez au ""Moulin rouge"" (10mn) en passant devant le bar ""d'Amélie poulin"" (3mn), il y a deux stations de métro : Abbesses (300m) et Blanche (300m) . Pour accéder à ce loft situé au rez de chaussée d'un petit immeuble de 4 étages il suffit de traverser un couloir de 15m, la porte d'entrée en fer forgé est juste à côté de l'escalier qui monte aux étages . A l'entrée, descendre 4 marches, la première chambre est sur la gauche, sa structure métallique (façon fabrique réagencée en appartement) l'inscrit dans les tendances actuelles comme le reste de l'appartement d'ailleurs, à droite un peti"	"ce charmant loft est situé rue Joseph de Maistre juste à côté de la rue Lepic (15m) au niveau de la rue des Abbesses, c'est un quartier commerçant et touristique avec de multiples restaurants, traiteurs et boutiques de créateurs en prêt à porter, vous serez à 15mn à pied du sacré cœur et de la place du Tertre qui symbolisent le Montmartre typique et le romantisme Parisien, descendez la rue Lepic et vous serez au ""Moulin rouge"" (10mn) en passant devant le bar ""d'Amélie poulin"" (3mn), il y a deux stations de métro : Abbesses (300m) et Blanche (300m) . Pour accéder à ce loft situé au rez de chaussée d'un petit immeuble de 4 étages il suffit de traverser un couloir de 15m, la porte d'entrée en fer forgé est juste à côté de l'escalier qui monte aux étages . A l'entrée, descendre 4 marches, la première chambre est sur la gauche, sa structure métallique (façon fabrique réagencée en appartement) l'inscrit dans les tendances actuelles comme le reste de l'appartement d'ailleurs, à droite un peti"
30328	A 2 rooms house with room overlooking a courtyard, calm and sunny and a lounge with comfortable sofa bed. The terrace / balcony will make you enjoy breakfast in the sun while enjoying the ambiance of the neighborhood.	Located in the old Montmartre 100m from the Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur, this apartment Haussman will make you live an unforgettable experience in this village in the heart of old Paris. Bistro and Parisian restaurants await you! A 2 rooms house with room overlooking a courtyard, calm and sunny and a lounge with comfortable sofa bed. The terrace / balcony will make you enjoy breakfast in the sun while enjoying the ambiance of the neighborhood. Access to the apartment and its equipment, the chimney can be used. The area is renowned for its uniqueness in Paris namely a village atmosphere timeless and bustle of the city. With the Sacré Coeur and the Place du Tertre and the Moulin Rouge you will be into the center of one of the most famous parts of the city. The many theaters, art house cinemas and museums will delight art lovers! The nearest metro are the stations Abesses or Lamarck Caulaincourt Line 12 , it takes about 5 / 10min to get up the hill. The Anvers station line 2 can r
30329	Big bedroom  in old building, near Sacre-coeur, clean and luminous.	Big bedroom  in old building, near Sacre-coeur, clean and luminous. kitchen, bathroom, toilet. I can help you for all information you need. Area with lot of restaurants, bars and concerts. Working-class and artistic. Area very attractif, next to metro (4, 2)  and bus, 10 mn from center of Paris. Chatelet- les Halles, Beaubourg. 4th floor without elevator.
30330	Refait à neuf dans un style moderne et chaleureux  Ce studio éclairé par deux fenêtres peut accueillir confortablement un couple d'amoureux dans la ville Lumière  Avec son canapé lit moelleux et sa douche balnéo vous profiterez d'un accès wifi et des chaînes câblées  Vous pourrez profiter de l'appartement de sa chambre équipée d'un bureau jusqu'à sa spacieuse cuisine  Par contre vous ne pourrez fumer que dans la cour  Vous ne passerez pas à côté des animations  de Pigalle ,le village des abbesses est inimitable,le pittoresque de Montmartre et ses artistes vous laisseront des souvenirs inoubliable Les restaurants français sont présent dans tout le quartier  Bienvenue à Paris Métro abbesses a 100 mètres et le métro blanche a 300 metres Merci de ne pas fumer dans l'appartement  Vous pourrez profiter de l'appartement de sa chambre équipé d'un bureau jusqu'à sa spacieuse cuisine  Par contre vous ne pourrez fumer que dans la cour  Vous ne passerez pas à côté des animations  de Pigalle ,le vi	Studio lumineux et  très chaleureux au cœur des abbesses À deux pas de Montmartre et de Pigalle tout près du métro sur cour privative dans une rue calme  avec des petits restaurants francais typique  Peut loger confortablement deux personnes  Cuisine équipée neuve, canapé lit,douche balneo,toilette privé,télé Led, Refait à neuf dans un style moderne et chaleureux  Ce studio éclairé par deux fenêtres peut accueillir confortablement un couple d'amoureux dans la ville Lumière  Avec son canapé lit moelleux et sa douche balnéo vous profiterez d'un accès wifi et des chaînes câblées  Vous pourrez profiter de l'appartement de sa chambre équipée d'un bureau jusqu'à sa spacieuse cuisine  Par contre vous ne pourrez fumer que dans la cour  Vous ne passerez pas à côté des animations  de Pigalle ,le village des abbesses est inimitable,le pittoresque de Montmartre et ses artistes vous laisseront des souvenirs inoubliable Les restaurants français sont présent dans tout le quartier  Bienvenue à Paris M
30331		Feel home in a lovely studio a few blocks from Montmartre. The studio is bright and equipped, with a double sofa bed, separate bathroom and kitchen. 5th floor with view to Montmartre, many shops, restaurants and cafés, 1 minute walk from Metro. Wifi
30332	Near Montmartre, pretty flat (45 meters feet) Near subway lines 4 and 12 (center of Paris at 15 minutes) Living room : a table and 4 chair, tv, one armchair, a bookcase and a lot of DVD’s. Bedroom : bed for 2 persons, home cinema equipment, desk for laptop with wifi internet connection. Kitchen : refrigerator, freezer, oven, hotplates, table, toaster, electric kettle. WC. Bathroom : shower, sink, washing machine, hairdryer. Pecfect for a couple. Guaranty : 200€ 	Near Montmartre, pretty flat (45 meters feet) Near subway lines 4 and 12 (center of Paris at 15 minutes) Living room : a table and 4 chair, tv, one armchair, a bookcase and a lot of DVD’s. Bedroom : bed for 2 persons, home cinema equipment, desk for laptop with wifi internet connection. Kitchen : refrigerator, freezer, oven, hotplates, table, toaster, electric kettle. WC. Bathroom : shower, sink, washing machine, hairdryer. Pecfect for a couple. Guaranty : 200€ 
30333	Bathed in light and charming attic. This cozy studio at the foot of Montmartre, has a living / dining room with double height, a fully equipped kitchenette (dishwasher, oven, induction) and a bathroom (shower) + toilet on the ground floor. The room (double bed) is located in the mezzanine. It is located in the busy shopping area of Lamarck Caulaincourt, the heart of a typically Parisian area! A 5 minutes walk of the romantic sacred heart (Montmartre) The apartment is located 7 minutes walking distance from Metro Jules Joffrin,or Lamarck Caulaincourt line 12. In 15 minutes you are at the Concorde station, central square of Paris! I give to my guest more informations about the area like shopping, food & drinks places. They are not touristic places, but more Parisian lifestyle ! LONG-DISTANCE TRAINS From here, you are only at five metro stations from Gare de l'Est and four metro stations from Gare du Nord. From Gare du Nord you can take trains directly to London, Brussels, Amsterdam From 	Bathed in light and charming attic. This cozy studio at the foot of Montmartre, has a living / dining room with double height, a fully equipped kitchenette (dishwasher, oven, induction) and a bathroom (shower) + toilet on the ground floor. The room (double bed) is located in the mezzanine. It is located in the busy shopping area of Lamarck Caulaincourt, the heart of a typically Parisian area! A 5 minutes walk of the romantic sacred heart (Montmartre) The apartment is located 7 minutes walking distance from Metro Jules Joffrin,or Lamarck Caulaincourt line 12. In 15 minutes you are at the Concorde station, central square of Paris! I give to my guest more informations about the area like shopping, food & drinks places. They are not touristic places, but more Parisian lifestyle ! LONG-DISTANCE TRAINS From here, you are only at five metro stations from Gare de l'Est and four metro stations from Gare du Nord. From Gare du Nord you can take trains directly to London, Brussels, Amsterdam From 
30334	This charming appartement of 40m2 situated at 2nd floor of a tipical parisian stone 1900's building, is very sunny with a large window in each room. It is a 2 rooms flat newly renovated, mixing the charm of the old stylish parisian flat (parquet floor and old moulds with nice french design). In this flat you will find  :  - a separated  bedroom with a confortable double size bed  - a living room with a nice american kitchen fully furnished but also a double sofa bed with a confortable mattress   - separated toilets - bathroom with shower, huge mirror, drying rack towels This appartement will offer you all the comfort and amenities you are looking for : Washing machine, dishwasher, oven, expresso machine maker, fridge freezer, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, TV LCD, internet and wifi acces, plaque vitroceramic, squeezer, umbrellas... Towels and sheets are provided This flat is located Rue Marcadet in the 18th district. It is 5 min walk away from metropolitan station line 12 Jules Jof	This charming appartement of 40m2 situated at 2nd floor of a tipical parisian stone 1900's building, is very sunny with a large window in each room. It is a 2 rooms flat newly renovated, mixing the charm of the old stylish parisian flat (parquet floor and old moulds with nice french design). In this flat you will find  :  - a separated  bedroom with a confortable double size bed  - a living room with a nice american kitchen fully furnished but also a double sofa bed with a confortable mattress   - separated toilets - bathroom with shower, huge mirror, drying rack towels This appartement will offer you all the comfort and amenities you are looking for : Washing machine, dishwasher, oven, expresso machine maker, fridge freezer, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, TV LCD, internet and wifi acces, plaque vitroceramic, squeezer, umbrellas... Towels and sheets are provided This flat is located Rue Marcadet in the 18th district. It is 5 min walk away from metropolitan station line 12 Jules Jof
30335		2p de 38m2 au 6e étage d'un immeuble de standing avec ascenseur et 2 digicodes. Comprenant un cuisine équipée, un salon avec cheminée et parquet au sol, chambre lit double. Proche métro et  rue piétonne avec bons commerces. Superbe vue sacre cœur
30336	Real atelier d'artiste of 1500sq ft in the heart of Montmartre next to rue Lepic in the actual setting of Amelie Poulain movie.  This beautiful space is located in a luxury french building with lovely gardens in a private residency. It is composed of a wonderful living room with bay windows, open kitchen and dining room. One separate master bedroom with movie projector set. There is one bathroom and a separtate toilet. In the second floor a mezanine with a large futon bed for 2 persons and a office. The location is ideal to discover the charm of Montmartre village and its local restaurants, bars and sights. Close to metro Pigalle and Blanche line 2  direct to the Champs Elysées and line 12 which goes directly to opera and the shopping quarter of Galeries Lafayette and Grand boulevards and a bit further down the line to the heart of Saint Germain des près! An unforgettable experience guaranteed.	Beautiful artist loft in the most romantic area of Paris! Real atelier d'artiste of 1500sq ft in the heart of Montmartre next to rue Lepic in the actual setting of Amelie Poulain movie.  This beautiful space is located in a luxury french building with lovely gardens in a private residency. It is composed of a wonderful living room with bay windows, open kitchen and dining room. One separate master bedroom with movie projector set. There is one bathroom and a separtate toilet. In the second floor a mezanine with a large futon bed for 2 persons and a office. The location is ideal to discover the charm of Montmartre village and its local restaurants, bars and sights. Close to metro Pigalle and Blanche line 2  direct to the Champs Elysées and line 12 which goes directly to opera and the shopping quarter of Galeries Lafayette and Grand boulevards and a bit further down the line to the heart of Saint Germain des près! An unforgettable experience guaranteed. The apartment is equipped with hig
30337	"Charming 2 rooms, groundfloor on patio, with flowers, very quiet, located at the feet of Montmartre. As a cozy green nest. Linen and towels are provided.   Internet, TV with International channels, telephone. The kitchen is well equipped: induction hotplates, small dish washer, refrigerator, microwave, tea-pot, coffee-pot, toaster, etc... Hair dryer, iron, umbrella,  You will feel ""at home"" in that place. At your disposal, products of first necessity. For extra bed = a FUTON mattress (good quality) BUT to be put on the floor."	"In the very heart of Montmartre, near the Sacré Coeur, Place du Tertre (painters), nearby all facilities and means of transport to visit all Paris (metros - buses)...a GREEN NEST - very quiet with its inside patio and flowers! Charming 2 rooms, groundfloor on patio, with flowers, very quiet, located at the feet of Montmartre. As a cozy green nest. Linen and towels are provided.   Internet, TV with International channels, telephone. The kitchen is well equipped: induction hotplates, small dish washer, refrigerator, microwave, tea-pot, coffee-pot, toaster, etc... Hair dryer, iron, umbrella,  You will feel ""at home"" in that place. At your disposal, products of first necessity. For extra bed = a FUTON mattress (good quality) BUT to be put on the floor. Full apartment for the guests. I will be there to welcoming you If not possible (for any reason) I will give you instructions to reach easily the place and will welcome you by phone. The surroundings are vivid and Parisian! 5-minute walk fro"
30338	Rue Gabrielle is very calm. There is a grocery store right next to the building, which is great in case you arrive a sunday evening!	"Large studio (38 sq. meter) with a sunny terrace. Located at the very top of Montmartre, 300 meters from the Sacré-Coeur, close to Metro les Abbesses. Although the area is very lively with many bars and restaurants, the street is very quiet.  Rue Gabrielle is very calm. There is a grocery store right next to the building, which is great in case you arrive a sunday evening! Sacré-Coeur is about 150 meters from the studio, with a great view all over Paris. I welcome them as much as i can. They can contact me anytime if they have questions. There are many good restaurants and ""épiceries fines"" . Montmartre is a great place ton walk around and take pictures. metro les Abbesses, bus 80 and 95 "
30339	The following hotel services are included in your stay: linens, towels and bath towels, welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, cosmetics, concierge, weekly cleaning and cleaning complete departure.  This elegant apartment has been designed with lots of charm. It is very bright and is located on the top floor, with an elevator; enjoying a magnificent view over the rooftops of Paris.  With its elegant and sober decoration, this beautiful apartment in the 18th arrondissement immerses you into the streets of the neighborhood.  The entrance to the apartment is covered in beautiful antique tiling. You will enjoy a splendid view over the rooftops, the Eiffel Tower and the business district of La Defense.  The kitchen is also very bright thanks to large windows it has. A very comfortable sofa will allow you to spend romantic evenings while admiring the roofs and sky of Paris. Relax in the Italian style walk-in shower. The attic bedroom  is cute and cosy and has a natural alarm cl	Charming apartment with beautiful views over the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower, in the typical parisian district of Montmartre and close to the Sacré Coeur, perfect for 2 people. The following hotel services are included in your stay: linens, towels and bath towels, welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, cosmetics, concierge, weekly cleaning and cleaning complete departure.  This elegant apartment has been designed with lots of charm. It is very bright and is located on the top floor, with an elevator; enjoying a magnificent view over the rooftops of Paris.  With its elegant and sober decoration, this beautiful apartment in the 18th arrondissement immerses you into the streets of the neighborhood.  The entrance to the apartment is covered in beautiful antique tiling. You will enjoy a splendid view over the rooftops, the Eiffel Tower and the business district of La Defense.  The kitchen is also very bright thanks to large windows it has. A very comfortable sofa will 
30340	My flat is ideally located in Montmartre (18eme), w/ gorgeous views. We are only a 5 min walk from Sacré Coeur, 10 min walk to Moulin Rouge, Fabulous Abbesses and 10 minutes from Montmartre Cemetery. Montmartre is calm, gorgeous and known for the artists who had studios or worked around the community such as Dalí, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso and van Gogh. Shopping at trendy boutiques just around the corner-Sandro, Maje, . Some people mentioned 1 tiny pipe problem and that pipe was changed months ago! :)  45 m2 flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! It is centrally located in a charming neighborhood. 4th floor w/ views and an elevator.  Nice open modern living space with living room, couch (opens up to a double comfortable bed w/ down comforter) and dining table w/ 4 chairs. 1 bedroom w/ Queen bed with french windows (thyme, sage, basil, hydrangeas growing in potted plants) and a darling bathroom with shower/bath. Fully equipped kitchen ( washer, fridge/freez	My flat is ideally located in Montmartre (18eme), w/ gorgeous views. We are only a 5 min walk from Sacré Coeur, 10 min walk to Moulin Rouge, Fabulous Abbesses and 10 minutes from Montmartre Cemetery. Montmartre is calm, gorgeous and known for the artists who had studios or worked around the community such as Dalí, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso and van Gogh. Shopping at trendy boutiques just around the corner-Sandro, Maje, . Some people mentioned 1 tiny pipe problem and that pipe was changed months ago! :)  45 m2 flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! It is centrally located in a charming neighborhood. 4th floor w/ views and an elevator.  Nice open modern living space with living room, couch (opens up to a double comfortable bed w/ down comforter) and dining table w/ 4 chairs. 1 bedroom w/ Queen bed with french windows (thyme, sage, basil, hydrangeas growing in potted plants) and a darling bathroom with shower/bath. Fully equipped kitchen ( washer, fridge/freez
30341	Logement en plein Montmartre, à 10 mètres de l'épicerie d'Amélie Poulain. Mail, téléphone, (website hidden) Quartier dynamique, ambiance de rue (street art), promenade Ligne 12, station Abbesses ou Ligne 2, station Pigalle	Ce studio peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. A seulement deux pas du Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, La Cigale.Bars et restaurants. Immeuble parisien dans une rue tranquille. Quartier dynamique, surtout le week-end : spectacles de rue, musique... A 2 min du métro Abbesses et 5 min de Pigalle. Logement en plein Montmartre, à 10 mètres de l'épicerie d'Amélie Poulain. Mail, téléphone, (website hidden) Quartier dynamique, ambiance de rue (street art), promenade Ligne 12, station Abbesses ou Ligne 2, station Pigalle Mail, téléphone, (website hidden) Quartier dynamique, ambiance de rue (arts urbains), promenade Ligne 12, station Abbesses ou Ligne 2, station Pigalle Check-in/out En semaine :  avant 8h30 ou à partir de 19h Week-end : horaires flexibles Check-in/out Weekdays: before 8:30 am or from 19:00 pm Weekend: flexible hours
30342	It's a double bedroom. The living atmosphere is friendly and respectful.	It's a very quiet bedroom. The building is quiet and friendly. The flat is located in a popular neighborhood, 7 min. by feet from Montmartre & 3 min. from the trendy (but still confidential) Place de l'Olive. You will love it. It's a double bedroom. The living atmosphere is friendly and respectful. - Opened Kitchen & living-room during the day - Washing machine - Internet and wifi - Bathroom - Toilets The flat is to share with me. My room is located in the living room, with a mobile separation, so that's why you won't have access to the living-room and the kitchen during the night. Very accessible by public transports : line 4 (Marcadet), line 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers), line 2 (La Chapelle) and several Velib' and bus stations. Close to Gare du Nord (6 min.) and 15 min. from Châtelet, by metro.
30343	Hello, Our apartment is spacious and bright. You will appreciate its comfort and its sunny balcony ! Overlooking a communal garden, the apartment is very quiet. It has a separate bedroom with one double bed, a bathroom with a bath and individual WC, a dressing room and a lounge with a sofa bed for 2 people (where we will sleep during your stay). We are very openminded and welcoming, and we know many good places to enjoy the parisian life. The appartment is located just below Montmartre, in a very nice and popular neighborhood. You will find many bars and restaurants of all types (French cuisine, authentic African, Japanese, Chinese ...) right in the neighbourhood.  Buses and Metro (line 4 and 12 less than 5 minutes walk) will take you quickly wherever you wish. Of course, the apartment has all the necessary equipment for your comfort in terms of Internet connections, HiFi system and electronic appliances. Everything is at your disposal! See you soon ! Agatha & Benoit	Hello, Our apartment is spacious and bright. You will appreciate its comfort and its sunny balcony ! Overlooking a communal garden, the apartment is very quiet. It has a separate bedroom with one double bed, a bathroom with a bath and individual WC, a dressing room and a lounge with a sofa bed for 2 people (where we will sleep during your stay). We are very openminded and welcoming, and we know many good places to enjoy the parisian life. The appartment is located just below Montmartre, in a very nice and popular neighborhood. You will find many bars and restaurants of all types (French cuisine, authentic African, Japanese, Chinese ...) right in the neighbourhood.  Buses and Metro (line 4 and 12 less than 5 minutes walk) will take you quickly wherever you wish. Of course, the apartment has all the necessary equipment for your comfort in terms of Internet connections, HiFi system and electronic appliances. Everything is at your disposal! See you soon ! Agatha & Benoit
30344	Located in a quiet backyard, place your luggage at the foot of Montmartre ... 50m from Lamarck metro ( line 12) and 300m from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) , this independent room floor courtyard will offer you a stay in complete independence ... ( Private toilet - Shared bathroom ) . The room consists of a double bed with a desk ... You are 3 extra bed is available. Your keys will be provided on arrival for full independence ... A coffee maker and kettle are at your disposal ( pod coffee and tea available for free). Bakery available on the street opposite is also available for a typical Parisian breakfast . POINT **** + : - The Location - An independent housing - Point Coffee / Tea Free - Linen and towels provided - Microwave self-service EXTRA **** **** For your convenience, the washer / dryer can be placed at your disposal . (Allow an extra 2 € ) . For your peace of mind , I can also provide you with a parking place for your vehicle (Allow an extra € 10 per day  - IMPORTANT : please 	Located in a quiet backyard, place your luggage at the foot of Montmartre ...  50m from Lamarck metro (line 12) and 300m from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), this independent room will offer you a stay in complete independence. Located in a quiet backyard, place your luggage at the foot of Montmartre ... 50m from Lamarck metro ( line 12) and 300m from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) , this independent room floor courtyard will offer you a stay in complete independence ... ( Private toilet - Shared bathroom ) . The room consists of a double bed with a desk ... You are 3 extra bed is available. Your keys will be provided on arrival for full independence ... A coffee maker and kettle are at your disposal ( pod coffee and tea available for free). Bakery available on the street opposite is also available for a typical Parisian breakfast . POINT **** + : - The Location - An independent housing - Point Coffee / Tea Free - Linen and towels provided - Microwave self-service EXTRA **** **** For your 
30345	Le logement est clair, agréable, l'immeuble sécurisé et le quartier tres populaire, typique et chaleureux. Commerces de proximité nombreux et très bien desservi par les transports en commun(plusieurs stations de métro et RER).	Je loue, au mois, à la semaine ou à la journée, une chambre pour une personne  dans mon appartement de trois pièces situé dans le 18e à Paris(quartier de la goutte d'Or):  salle de bains, wc et cuisine sont accessibles et à partager. Le logement est clair, agréable, l'immeuble sécurisé et le quartier tres populaire, typique et chaleureux. Commerces de proximité nombreux et très bien desservi par les transports en commun(plusieurs stations de métro et RER). la salle de bain, wc et cuisine. La chambre serait idéale pour une ou un étudiant car elle est simple et de 10m2. Je reste disponible pour tout renseignement nécessaire pour que la personne se sente à l'aise et faciliter ainsi son séjour. Unique à Paris, pour les personnes qui aiment la mixité, les quartiers populaires et typiques. Mon logement est à 5 mn à pied des métros Barbes et La Chapelle et à 10mn du RER de la Gare du Nord. Plusieurs lignes de bus existent aussi, le bus (phone number hidden) et 85. Mon quartier est facile d’ac
30346	Located in a very pleasant and lively street, where local shops mingle with small artisans (butchers, caterers, bakeries, fishmongers), regulars restaurants, bistros and terraces for snacks and a few drinks in the sun, the apartment (building 1900), located on the second floor, is very bright and functional. Typically Parisian, the 43m2 apartment has parquet, antique moldings and two beautiful fireplaces, that add to its charm. His third small extra room (laundry) is an asset. In details, you will find: - A cozy lounge overlooking a small balcony, ideal to install a table and two stools and eat (or just enjoy the sunshine of the afternoon and early evening) - A cozy room with a large sofa bed for two people (with toppers) very comfortable and a wardrobe. - A functional bathroom with storage. - The separate toilet. - Fitted kitchen (fridge-freezer, stove and oven, washing machine, kettle, Italian coffee maker, toaster). - Laundry room for drying clothes, put away his bag and shoes. Ther	Beautiful apartment with moldings, parquet floors and fireplaces, typically parisian.Very bright, it is ideally located at the bottom of the Butte Montmartre, a 15-minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.Shops nearby and subways 12, 4, 6 and many bus lines Located in a very pleasant and lively street, where local shops mingle with small artisans (butchers, caterers, bakeries, fishmongers), regulars restaurants, bistros and terraces for snacks and a few drinks in the sun, the apartment (building 1900), located on the second floor, is very bright and functional. Typically Parisian, the 43m2 apartment has parquet, antique moldings and two beautiful fireplaces, that add to its charm. His third small extra room (laundry) is an asset. In details, you will find: - A cozy lounge overlooking a small balcony, ideal to install a table and two stools and eat (or just enjoy the sunshine of the afternoon and early evening) - A cozy room with a large sofa bed for two people (with toppers) very comfortable 
30347	Cosy studio (27m2) in the 15th arrondissement. It's on the 5th floor, there is an elevator. The studio is next to the Eiffel tower, you can see it from the street. It's only 10 minutes away by foot. The neighbourhood is very safe and nice. There is a	The flat is located in a very quiet street. It's on the 2nd floor. It's fully equiped, with a separate bathroom and kitchen. The living room is bright and cosy. The sofa is convertible and confortable. It's perfect for a couple and romantic getaway! It's a very nice neighborhood. There are many shops to buy nice food (bakery, pastry, butcher, fishmonger, supermarkets ...) there are many bars with lovely terraces to have a drink. The flat is in a very quiet street so you won't be bothered by the noise.  You are only 10 minutes aways from the Sacré Coeur and 10 minutes away from the flea market.  The closest metro stop is Jules Joffrin on line 12. It's only 5 minutes away from the flat. This is a very handy line to visit Paris, it stops in Abesses ( Sacré Coeur), Pigalle, Madeleine (Opéra), Concorde (Champs Elysées). 
30348		colorfull, luminous with all the basic modern comfort
30349	Well-located, newly remodeled studio in the Montmartre area. Situated on the ground floor facing the peaceful interior courtyard. Studio area is 20m2. The floor plan is perfectly distributed for efficiency with a very comfortable bed (160cm x 200 cm), large closet, artificial fireplace heating in the cheminée. Linen and towels are furnished.Separated kitchen with a big refrigerator, two induction hot plate with fan ventilation and new microwave. Kitchen is clean has a large window. Enclosed shower with essentials. With a window. Internet Wi-Fi connection. Telephone with free calls in France and to US. internationals TV channels. Closest metro station is 200m (Guy Mocquet Line 13). Five stations from Champs Elysee. Place de Clychy: 500m, Le Sacre Coeur: 1km, Gare de L'Est & Gare du Nord: 4km. Close to all amenities: supermarkets,boulangeries, restaurants, bars, pharmacies, post office among others.Very nice building in Pierre de Taille, quiet neighborhood	This is a lovely and bright studio located in the charming 18th district of Paris, just 3 minute's walk from Guy Mocquet metro station and five stations from Champs Elysée. Close to all amenities, in a beautiful and very quiet building. Well-located, newly remodeled studio in the Montmartre area. Situated on the ground floor facing the peaceful interior courtyard. Studio area is 20m2. The floor plan is perfectly distributed for efficiency with a very comfortable bed (160cm x 200 cm), large closet, artificial fireplace heating in the cheminée. Linen and towels are furnished.Separated kitchen with a big refrigerator, two induction hot plate with fan ventilation and new microwave. Kitchen is clean has a large window. Enclosed shower with essentials. With a window. Internet Wi-Fi connection. Telephone with free calls in France and to US. internationals TV channels. Closest metro station is 200m (Guy Mocquet Line 13). Five stations from Champs Elysee. Place de Clychy: 500m, Le Sacre Coeur: 
30350	- 2 large sun filled bedrooms with two double beds. - 1 living room with large windows and bed couch. - 1 kitchen fully equipped  - 1 bathroom + 1 toilet	Great location: Ten minutes from the famous Sacré Coeur/Montmartre!  Everything you need for a comfortable stay. Wifi, markets, restaurants, bakery, buses, 2 metro stops within 5 minutes away ! - 2 large sun filled bedrooms with two double beds. - 1 living room with large windows and bed couch. - 1 kitchen fully equipped  - 1 bathroom + 1 toilet Wifi  - 5 min away from 2 metro stations: Marcadet Poissonniers (Line 4 / Line 12), Simplon (Line 4).
30351		Maison familiale avec jardin à moins de 2 minutes à pied du métro Jules Joffrin.Le quartier est extrêmement commerçant  et en passant la porte du jardin, c'est le calme absolu. Bienvenue chez nous !
30352		Appartement lumineux et confortable à 10mn de la butte Montmartre. Dans un quartier animé, avec toutes les commodités (restaurants, magasins, piscine, bars, parc...). A 2mn à pied de la ligne 4 et de la ligne 12 du métro.
30353	il est en pierre Hausmannien avec une vue imprénable sur le sacré coeur.	il est en pierre Hausmannien avec une vue imprénable sur le sacré coeur. Internet, eau, électricité. Une communication saine et constructive afin que mes voyageurs sont satisfaits de leurs séjour . Ligne de métro 12 et 13 à 5-10 minutes à pied 
30354	Hello ! Welcome home and enjoy Paris ! Here is our appartement for 2 to 4 people, perfect for a couple or a group of friends, close to Montmartre !! Sunny, well furnished and all the facilities :) The kitchen is fully furnished (micro-wave, fridge, washing machine, etc.) like the appartement (wifi, TV, sofa which becomes a bed if you're 3 or 4). Our district is really nice, with a real spirit, markets, people talking to people, lots of differents cultures and restaurants, really open minded ! Montmartre is only 10 min walk, so as Place du Tertre. By Metro, you are in 20 min at the Louvre, The Eiffel Tower or Pere Lachaise. Our flat is in the North of Paris. You can access easily by the Metro 4 (Marcadet Poissonniers) or 12 (Jules Joffrin). The bus line 85 is practicle when you come from the center (stop at Eugene Sue).	Hello and welcome in Paris ! Here is our cosy and sunny appartement. If you are looking for a good and cheap place, this is for you. Don't hesitate to contact us. Hello ! Welcome home and enjoy Paris ! Here is our appartement for 2 to 4 people, perfect for a couple or a group of friends, close to Montmartre !! Sunny, well furnished and all the facilities :) The kitchen is fully furnished (micro-wave, fridge, washing machine, etc.) like the appartement (wifi, TV, sofa which becomes a bed if you're 3 or 4). Our district is really nice, with a real spirit, markets, people talking to people, lots of differents cultures and restaurants, really open minded ! Montmartre is only 10 min walk, so as Place du Tertre. By Metro, you are in 20 min at the Louvre, The Eiffel Tower or Pere Lachaise. Our flat is in the North of Paris. You can access easily by the Metro 4 (Marcadet Poissonniers) or 12 (Jules Joffrin). The bus line 85 is practicle when you come from the center (stop at Eugene Sue). You ha
30355	Studio flat in a nice, cosmopolitan area. 25m2, separated bathroom.  Quiet and sunny flat 15 min walk from Montmartre, very nice area 6th floor (no lift , very good for your legs ;) it's the price for the sun here ! Wifi No TV sorry  The bed is a convertible but a really nice one with a futon, I built it myself ! Actually I have almost done all the furnitures.  I Hope you'll like them.	25m2  bright, cosy and calm studio. It's 20 min walk from Montmartre. For 2 people only , ideal for couple. Easy to travel anywhere in Paris by bus, metro or rental  bike. Studio flat in a nice, cosmopolitan area. 25m2, separated bathroom.  Quiet and sunny flat 15 min walk from Montmartre, very nice area 6th floor (no lift , very good for your legs ;) it's the price for the sun here ! Wifi No TV sorry  The bed is a convertible but a really nice one with a futon, I built it myself ! Actually I have almost done all the furnitures.  I Hope you'll like them. I will provide towels, tea and cofee for you to feel like at home. It depends on their arrival time, but I'm often there to give or get the keys back. Alive but the street is calm. Not far from Montmartre, lots of nice cafés and restaurants in that area which is 15-20 min walk. Amenities: Supermarket, bakery, cafés and bars 5 min walk. 15 min walk  from Montmartre (you can also get a bus or tube) Bike station down the house (Velib') If
30356	L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pied de la place du Tertre, vignes et Sacré-Coeur, à proximité du métro avec des bus directs pour le Louvre, les Champs-Elysées, la Tour Eiffel, le Parc des Buttes Chaumont, le marché aux Puces et plein d'autres places à visiter. Passez un moment de détente dans ce quartier calme, avec le marché du poteau tous les jours au pied de l'immeuble, et toutes les commodités essentielles à proximité: restaurants, supermarchés, banques et divers commerces.	Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, venez découvrir les charmes de Paris avec ce 2 pieces refait à neuf, balcon plein sud sur jardin face au Sacré Coeur, et pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pied de la place du Tertre, vignes et Sacré-Coeur, à proximité du métro avec des bus directs pour le Louvre, les Champs-Elysées, la Tour Eiffel, le Parc des Buttes Chaumont, le marché aux Puces et plein d'autres places à visiter. Passez un moment de détente dans ce quartier calme, avec le marché du poteau tous les jours au pied de l'immeuble, et toutes les commodités essentielles à proximité: restaurants, supermarchés, banques et divers commerces.
30357	Tout équipé.	Parfait pied à terre au pied de Montmartre et à 2 minutes du métro et des commerces de qualité. Pour plus d'infos, envoyez moi un message!! A bientôt sur Paris. Tout équipé. Metro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) ou Simplon (Ligne 4). Rendez vous directement devant l'immeuble. Toutes les infos nécessaires au check in. Montmartre/ Caulaincourt / Jules Joffrin. Metro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) ou Simplon (Ligne 4).
30358	C'est un appartement sur cour, très calme, lumineux, proche des transports en commun (métro ligne 4, ligne 12, nombreux bus...) proche de la mairie du 18e, au pied de la Butte Montmartre (20 minutes du Sacré-coeur) et à quelques minutes à pied des Puces de Saint-Ouen. Fonctionnel et confortable. Chambre avec lit-double + canapé-lit dans le salon (convient à deux couples par exemple) 	Cet appartement comprend une chambre avec lit deux places, un salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, d'une cuisine et une salle d'eau. Accès wi-fi. Très calme, sur cour, au 6e étage d'un immeuble ancien. Proche mairie du 18e C'est un appartement sur cour, très calme, lumineux, proche des transports en commun (métro ligne 4, ligne 12, nombreux bus...) proche de la mairie du 18e, au pied de la Butte Montmartre (20 minutes du Sacré-coeur) et à quelques minutes à pied des Puces de Saint-Ouen. Fonctionnel et confortable. Chambre avec lit-double + canapé-lit dans le salon (convient à deux couples par exemple) Cuisine équipée Téléphone vers les fixes Internet Lave-linge  Les Puces de Saint-Ouen  La mairie du 18e arrondissement et ses rues commerçantes et animées ; nombreux bars et restaurants  La butte Montmartre et le Sacré-Coeur (20 minutes à pied) Métros ligne 12, ligne 4, nombreux bus
30359	Best location  & very  confortable .	Lovely apartment can accommodate 4 Personnes, fully furnished,TV, dishwasher, whashing Machine (website hidden) the Heart of Montmartre beautifull Patio, just down the Sacré Coeur. Great location close to The Moulin Rouge. Live the best of Montmartre. 2 mn away from the Subway Station.
30360	The apartment is atypical and charming. Few partitions, a lot of light, rare silence for Paris, because under the roofs in a small street.  It's really perfect for 5/6 people, a family with 3 children our 2 couples with 1/2 children.  On the 3rd floor, there is a totally independant bedroom with its bathroom. To reach the 4th floor, you'll take the public stairs,  On the 4th floor, there is: - A main room with a double futon bed (160),  - Another small opened room (no door) with a double sofa/bed (120),  - A single separated room (bed of 90).   - 1 bathroom (with a bathtub)  - Separated toilets.  The decoration is looked after and minimalist. Everything is functional (high WIFI, ironing board, micro wave and normal oven, home cinema, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine etc. Towels and soap included in the price. The apartment looks like no other one and living there is pleasant. You'll have the impression of being hidden in a little nest outside the city, even if ever	Atypical,bright,quiet duplex. 3rd floor: lovely independant double bedroom+private (email hidden)ilets close by on the landing. 4th floor: main room (20m2) with double futon bed + 1 single bedroom + 1 open bedroom with sofa/bed (for 2),bathroom,toilets. The apartment is atypical and charming. Few partitions, a lot of light, rare silence for Paris, because under the roofs in a small street.  It's really perfect for 5/6 people, a family with 3 children our 2 couples with 1/2 children.  On the 3rd floor, there is a totally independant bedroom with its bathroom. To reach the 4th floor, you'll take the public stairs,  On the 4th floor, there is: - A main room with a double futon bed (160),  - Another small opened room (no door) with a double sofa/bed (120),  - A single separated room (bed of 90).   - 1 bathroom (with a bathtub)  - Separated toilets.  The decoration is looked after and minimalist. Everything is functional (high WIFI, ironing board, micro wave and normal oven, home cinema, wa
30361	My lovely, quiet and charming apartment is ideally situated at 5 or 10 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur's garden.Situated at the first floor of an old and charming parisian building, it has a nice garden's view. It's very quiet and bright. The room is equipped of a very comfortable bed, king size, in a nice 2 bedroom apartment (35 m2 ), with wooden floor and many books and artworks. Be careful ! The two rooms are opening to each other (only a mid wall, as you can see on pictures) Separated WC and bathroom. Separated and full furnished kitchen Free WIFI and illimited phone. (in France !) The neighborhood is lively with many restaurants and shops in the nearby.  It is 2 min walking from metro with two lines crossing ( 4 and 12)  and numerous buses (85, 31, 38).  There is a very easy access from all train stations and from airports because the metro line 4 is going directly and quickly to the train station Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est  It is also very close to Sacré Coeur and his square	My lovely, quiet and charming apartment is ideally situated at 5 or 10 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur's garden.Situated at the first floor of an old and charming parisian building, it has a nice garden's view. It's very quiet and bright. The room is equipped of a very comfortable bed, king size, in a nice 2 bedroom apartment (35 m2 ), with wooden floor and many books and artworks. Be careful ! The two rooms are opening to each other (only a mid wall, as you can see on pictures) Separated WC and bathroom. Separated and full furnished kitchen Free WIFI and illimited phone. (in France !) The neighborhood is lively with many restaurants and shops in the nearby.  It is 2 min walking from metro with two lines crossing ( 4 and 12)  and numerous buses (85, 31, 38).  There is a very easy access from all train stations and from airports because the metro line 4 is going directly and quickly to the train station Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est  It is also very close to Sacré Coeur and his square
30362	A very practical kitchen with a fridge, kettle, dishes and cutlery, kitchen utensils, but also coffee, tea and sugar are at your disposal and a welcome bottle of wine. The spotless bathroom has a shower, toilet, heated towel rail, sink, and wardrobe with mirrors. All in black and white style using the Paris color code. Audrey Magne, a talented young Parisian designer, created this zen space. A very comfortable twin-sized bed (1.60m wide) awaits you for your nights. Sheets and towels are at your disposal. Wifi access and flat screen TV are also available. In this nest you will find all the information to go out in Montmartre, the restaurants, bars and concert halls. You stay more than 4 days in the nest Montmartre, Sophie invites you to dinner downstairs. Typical French dinner conceived and made by masterful hands. Or she takes you to visit Paris Nordik Walking style. An unforgettable discovery of Paris . 	Quiet studio apartment, double bed, fridge, kettle, walk-in shower, heating, toilets. Capacity: 2 people, ideal for a couple or two friends. Seventh floor, no elevator, subway, bus. A very practical kitchen with a fridge, kettle, dishes and cutlery, kitchen utensils, but also coffee, tea and sugar are at your disposal and a welcome bottle of wine. The spotless bathroom has a shower, toilet, heated towel rail, sink, and wardrobe with mirrors. All in black and white style using the Paris color code. Audrey Magne, a talented young Parisian designer, created this zen space. A very comfortable twin-sized bed (1.60m wide) awaits you for your nights. Sheets and towels are at your disposal. Wifi access and flat screen TV are also available. In this nest you will find all the information to go out in Montmartre, the restaurants, bars and concert halls. You stay more than 4 days in the nest Montmartre, Sophie invites you to dinner downstairs. Typical French dinner conceived and made by masterful
30363	A superb appartment with 2 beds that fits 4, maybe more if you need to..it's just refurbished recently, sooo it's twice as cozy ! :))	Hi fellow travellers ! I'm renting my cozy appartment for this summer holiday. It is located 5 mins away from the town hall and subway station. Supermarkets, rôtisserie , boucherie, laundry, and restaurants, you'll love it as i do in no time ;) A superb appartment with 2 beds that fits 4, maybe more if you need to..it's just refurbished recently, sooo it's twice as cozy ! :)) I'll welcome you by the train station, set you to the apartment, give you the keys and voila you've got your space ;) i am going to be available by phone or mail during your stay, so no worries ! 1. location (its calm during day, more alive at night :)) and not touristic)  2. You can find almost everything from laundry, pharmacy, to restaurants, good ones !  3. price (it's better than leaving it empty while i leave..and i gotta meet new people ;) There are a lot of Buses and two subway lines around the appartment, so no worries about getting here and there :))
30364		Situé à 10min à pied de Montmartre et proche de deux stations de métro (Jules Joffrin et Porte de Clignancourt), cet appartement de 33m² est l'endroit idéal pour poser ses valises, faire du tourisme, ou toutes autres activités qu'il vous semblera bon de faire à Paris!
30365	Appartement 2 pièces composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain.  Les pièces sont lumineuses, chacune ayant une fenêtre.  La chambre est grande pour poser facilement ses valises et n'a pas de mur mitoyen avec les voisins ce qui assure un calme certain. Elle possède un vrai grand lit (200 * 160 cm), idéal pour bien se reposer après de longues journées de visite. Le salon possède un canapé, une bibliothèque et une TV reliée aux chaînes par internet (fibre optique 300 Mega). Sa fenêtre donne sur cour,  ce qui évite encore une fois toute nuisance sonore. La cuisine est équipée d'un évier, d'un frigidaire, d'une plaque à induction et d'un four à micro-ondes.  La salle de bain se compose d'un évier avec grand miroir et d'une douche à l'italienne avec mitigeur thermostatique, pommeau normal et grand pommeau à effet pluie. L'appartement est donc chaleureux, pratique et calme. De plus il vient d'être refait à neuf donc très propre.	Bel appartement refait à neuf de 25m2 au cœur de Montmartre, dans le quartier atypique des Abbesses. Parfait pour un couple qui veut découvrir ce quartier mythique de Paris. Appartement 2 pièces composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain.  Les pièces sont lumineuses, chacune ayant une fenêtre.  La chambre est grande pour poser facilement ses valises et n'a pas de mur mitoyen avec les voisins ce qui assure un calme certain. Elle possède un vrai grand lit (200 * 160 cm), idéal pour bien se reposer après de longues journées de visite. Le salon possède un canapé, une bibliothèque et une TV reliée aux chaînes par internet (fibre optique 300 Mega). Sa fenêtre donne sur cour,  ce qui évite encore une fois toute nuisance sonore. La cuisine est équipée d'un évier, d'un frigidaire, d'une plaque à induction et d'un four à micro-ondes.  La salle de bain se compose d'un évier avec grand miroir et d'une douche à l'italienne avec mitigeur thermostatique, pommeau normal et
30366	This flat is very pleasant to live in! There is an independant very well arranged kitchen, a nice Italian bathroom, independant restrooms, 2 large bedrooms with double-glazed large windows, a large livingroom used as a bedroom too, parquet flooring, piano, washing machine ...  You can be our roomate anytime you want ! 	Flat really cosy and pleasant! 2 bedrooms, 1 livingroom, large kitchen, balcony... Appartment brand new,  Haussmannian building, really nice neighborhood ! 1 bedroom available (with double bed). Welcome ! This flat is very pleasant to live in! There is an independant very well arranged kitchen, a nice Italian bathroom, independant restrooms, 2 large bedrooms with double-glazed large windows, a large livingroom used as a bedroom too, parquet flooring, piano, washing machine ...  You can be our roomate anytime you want !  We are 3 friends living in this flat, but two of us are leaving, one room and the living room (with a bed) are available ! You will be able to enjoy and use everything that is in the flat and have space to store your things We will live in the same flat, but you will have your own bedroom !  The 18e is a northern neighborhood of Paris, full of bars, supermarkets, bakeries, restaurants with various kind of food - there is a 3 days-a-week fruit and vegetable market, the S
30367	Hello! Je loue mon 2 pièces, 40 m2 à Montmartre. Idéal pour un couple, il y a une chambre, un salon, une cuisine, une salle de bain (baignoire) et WC séparés. (+ Wi-Fi !) Très lumineux, il donne sur une cour très calme et est très bien situé. Au coeur de Montmartre, entre les stations de métro Abbesses, (ligne 12) Anvers et Pigalle (ligne 2)	Hello ! I rent a room in my flat in Montmartre, with everything you need, ( Wi-fi and bath indeed !) It's really an island of peace in the most fantastic borough of Paris. And a fantastic cat welcomes you !
30368	A deux pas de Montmartre et  du Canal de l'Ourq. Quartier calme.	Chambre 10 M2 chez l'habitant dans un F2, en face jardin Rachmaninov, à 2 pas du Métro Marx Dormoy. Proximité  (restauration, supermarchés, piscine...). Parties communes : salle de bains, cuisine, WC. Langues parlées : English and German spoken. A deux pas de Montmartre et  du Canal de l'Ourq. Quartier calme. Salle de bains, W.C, cuisine, salon. Je  pourrai vous aider à vous orienter dans Paris. Ligne 12 du métro. Bus 60, 35 et 54. RER B proche.
30369	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les amis qui sont passés en sont partis ravis : - calme (chambre sur cour, salon-cuisine sur un passage sans voitures, typique de Montmartre) - spacieux : par la surface de 40 m2, mais aussi par les nombreux rangements et placards qui permettent de dégager les espaces de vie) - lumineux dans le salon-cuisine (avec rayons du soleil si la météo est clémente !) - tout équipé et confortable : plaque vitro-céramique 4 feux, four micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, TV grand écran avec freebox, lave-linge, Nespresso, toaster, bouilloire, sèche-cheveux et plein de petites surprises ...), lit 160 x 200, canapé lit 160 x 200. Internet par câble pour votre connexion wi-fi haut-débit Refait à neuf récemment dans un style contemporain, proche de toutes les commodités, métro, bus, taxis, C'est un endroit idéal pour vous reposer en toute tranquillité (serrure 3 points, grille de protection, volets) ! Tout le linge de maison est fourni (torchons, draps, serviettes de 	"Au "" village des Abbesses "", au cœur de Montmartre, l'appartement est très spacieux, contemporain et neuf. Le quartier est apprécié pour sa convivialité et ses commodités : commerces, transports, spectacles. L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les amis qui sont passés en sont partis ravis : - calme (chambre sur cour, salon-cuisine sur un passage sans voitures, typique de Montmartre) - spacieux : par la surface de 40 m2, mais aussi par les nombreux rangements et placards qui permettent de dégager les espaces de vie) - lumineux dans le salon-cuisine (avec rayons du soleil si la météo est clémente !) - tout équipé et confortable : plaque vitro-céramique 4 feux, four micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, TV grand écran avec freebox, lave-linge, Nespresso, toaster, bouilloire, sèche-cheveux et plein de petites surprises ...), lit 160 x 200, canapé lit 160 x 200. Internet par câble pour votre connexion wi-fi haut-débit Refait à neuf récemment dans un style contemporain, proche de toutes les comm"
30370	Loft 100m2  Doble Living room American Kitchen Italian bathroom with bath & shower Private courtyard space Breakfast included	"Peaceful place below Montmartre Space & Confort Queen Size bed Italian bathroom Free Wifi Free breakfast Loft 100m2  Doble Living room American Kitchen Italian bathroom with bath & shower Private courtyard space Breakfast included Free fast Wifi  Kitchen equipment Bathroom shared with soap & towels Free service Fruits Free Nespresso Conviviality & discretion We live in the loft in a private space Shared Bathroom & kitchen Montmartre Marché aux Puces Marché de la rue du Poteau Place de la mairie du XVIIIe Piscine Municipale Bertrand Dauvin Restaurant ""Chez Eugène"" Café l'étoile de Montmartre Le ""Montmartrobus"" M4 Porte de Clignancourt M12 Jules Joffrin BUS - VELIB - AUTOLIB next Entrance code Securised private room "
30371	Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, with balcony overlooking grass and trees. The room is even more spacious as the double bed is on a platform.  Of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard as does the room.  The building is 70's renovated. 	Welcome ! We'd be happy to host you in our large apartment (1200sq ft./ 3 bedrooms available) and help you discover the other Paris.  You'll be 5 min. away from Paris's biggest flea market (Les Puces) and 10 min from Montmartre :) Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, with balcony overlooking grass and trees. The room is even more spacious as the double bed is on a platform.  Of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard as does the room.  The building is 70's renovated. The Room and its balcony.There is a bathroom right next to your bedroom with shower.  You are welcome to the living room and if you need to use the kitchen you're welcome to it, just make sure you buy your ingredients ;) you'll have a fridge too. You're friendly, we're friendly  and respect each other's privacy, so interaction is to be excellent :) 5 minutes walk to the Paris Flea Market where you'll find everything from 
30372	My flatmate has previously listed the apartment quite a bit and has had some lovely reviews. I am taking care of it this time as she is away hence the lack of reviews here is here listing so you can see some reviews, https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2902734 One master bedroom and one slightly smaller both with double beds. Beautiful living room with small balcony. Small kitchen with stove, microwave fridge and freezer and washing machine. Separate toilet and shower room with floor length mirror.	Its a lovely Parisian style apartment, with a lot of charm. Nice big windows letting in lots of light, even a tiny little balcony. Located on a quiet side street in beautiful Montmatre, close to a metro and anything else you might need. My flatmate has previously listed the apartment quite a bit and has had some lovely reviews. I am taking care of it this time as she is away hence the lack of reviews here is here listing so you can see some reviews, https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2902734 One master bedroom and one slightly smaller both with double beds. Beautiful living room with small balcony. Small kitchen with stove, microwave fridge and freezer and washing machine. Separate toilet and shower room with floor length mirror. I'll be contactable via email if there is any issues or questions but unfortunately not in Paris during your stay. My flatmate has previously listed the apartment quite a bit and has had some lovely reviews. I am taking care of it this time as she is away hence the l
30373	Situé dans un des quartiers les plus traditionnels de Paris, je loue une chambre, au calme (sur cour), de 14 m2  avec un grand lit, bureau, commode. L'appartement dispose d’un salon avec un clic-clac (deux places, très confortable), pour cela l'appartement peut accueillir un total de 4 personnes.  L'appartement dispose de nombreux avantages: - Sa situation: rue Lamarck à 1min de la station de métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) et 7 min de la station Simplon (Ligne4). Les lignes 12 et 4 et les bus 80 et 95 vous permettront de rejoindre facilement n'importe quel endroit de Paris notamment les gares. La basilique du Sacré Coeur se situe à 5min à pied.  -  Le quartier possède de nombreux petits commerces et bars et bénéficie d'une vraie vie de quartier.  - Appartement 1er étage avec ascenseur - La cuisine est équipée (frigo, plaques de cuisson, four) - internet sans fil, téléphone fixe (avec la possibilité d'appeler sur des fixes du monde entier gratuitement), chauffage, lave-linge, sèc	cuisine, internet wi-fi
30374	Cet appartement spacieux se compose d'une salle à manger, d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et de WC séparés.	Classic Haussmann apartment, 3 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge and the Rue Lepic and 15 minutes from the Sacré Coeur. You will be comfortably and conveniently located for your stay in Paris !  The apartment is located in a very quiet street but right next to the lively Place de Clichy: perfect for out and then sleep well!  Street and adjacent streets offer all the shops you need: bakery, grocery, pharmacy, cafes, tobacco ...  You are 20 minutes walk from Galeries Lafayette and Printemps and 4 metro stops from the Champs Elysées. 
30375	Il s'agit d'un appartement Haussmanien, typiquement Parisien. Idealement situé, à la fois pour visiter Paris, mais aussi pour profiter des nombreuses activités du quartier.	Renting a room in a Hausmanien apartment , located next to the town hall of the XVIII arrondissement. 5 minutes from Montmartre. Quiet apartment Located In A courtyard, close to the subway ( lines 12 and 4).
30376		Le quartier est super sympa et sûr, on peut rentrer à n'importe quelle heure du jour et de la nuit. Il y a des petits commerces, primeurs cavistes et boulangeries à proximité et tous ce qu'il faut à moins de deux minutes à pied. Il y deux ou trois petits cafés sympathiques à moins de 5 minutes et divers restaurants.  L'appartement est à une minute d'une station vélib' et à deux minutes de la station Guy Moquet sur la ligne 13. On est à 10 minutes de marche de la station Porte de Clichy du RER C. Donc on peut se rentre très facilement à la Porte Maillot et dans le 16ème arrondissement.  Il y a aussi deux bus très pratiques le 81 qui va à Chatelet et le 31 qui fait Gare de l'Est- Etoile.  Pour arriver depuis Orly : il faut prendre le car Air France jusqu'à Invalides puis la ligne 13  Depuis l'aéroport Roissy CDG, le RER B jusqu'à gare du Nord, puis ligne 2 +ligne 13. 
30377	"A 40m2 flat with a bedroom, a living room and a little kitchen. 6th floor of an old parisian building. Bright and quiet. WiFi. A film projector for computers and DVDs. In the middle of the 18th area. 2 subway stations, a lot of bus stations. Nearby the beltway Porte de Clignancourt. Only 10 min walk from Montmartre quarter and the Sacré Coeur. A lot of typical restaurants and bars. Different shops where you can find anything. 5 min walk from the famous ""Marché aux puces de Paris"" A very nice area where you can go out and party. It's also a good place for family moments."	"Two typical Parisian rooms 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Excellent bars and restaurants and several shops, markets and cinema, in a lively and enjoyable northern Paris . Video projector available . A 40m2 flat with a bedroom, a living room and a little kitchen. 6th floor of an old parisian building. Bright and quiet. WiFi. A film projector for computers and DVDs. In the middle of the 18th area. 2 subway stations, a lot of bus stations. Nearby the beltway Porte de Clignancourt. Only 10 min walk from Montmartre quarter and the Sacré Coeur. A lot of typical restaurants and bars. Different shops where you can find anything. 5 min walk from the famous ""Marché aux puces de Paris"" A very nice area where you can go out and party. It's also a good place for family moments."
30378	This is a very tiny apartment, of only 10m2. Everything is very functional for 2 organized travelers. If you are looking for a large apartment, this is not the case and you will feel a bit cramped in this apartment. However, if you are looking for a quiet, sunny and immaculatly clean place in the best location in Montmartre, in a tiny but functional place and not very expensive, this is the place to be. 	Petit studio à louer dans le pittoresque quartier des Abbesses. Situé dans une magnifique bâtisse qui abrite également le célèbre cabaret Chez Michou, un des plus fameux hauts lieux de la vie nocturne parisienne, le studio se réjouit de tous les atouts de son parfait emplacement au cœur même de Montmartre: à quelques pas de la place des Abbesses et à quelques minutes de la place du Tertre, de la basilique Sacré Cœur, du café d'Amelie Poulin. Après une journée dans le tumulte parisien, vous allez apprécier le calme de ce studio au 6eme étage sur court, vrai havre de paix propice à un repos bien mérité. Bien que très petit, le studio a été conçu dans un esprit fonctionnel pour correspondre aux besoins des voyageurs: canapé convertible 2 places, coin cuisine (plaques vitro-céramiques, micro-ondes, vaisselle, frigo avec congélateur), salle d'eau. Serviettes et linge de maison (website hidden) (cable) - wifi - internet ADS This is a very tiny apartment, of only 10m2. Everything is very func
30379	Sunny apartment , typical parisian architecture , cozy and comfortable spaces perfect for a stay in Paris in the heart of local life. Mixed , young and lively working-class district.	"2 room flat , 35 m2 in a Haussmann building , located in Château Rouge joyfull district, near subway and 10 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur. Sunny crossing apartment, wood parquet floors, chimneys and balconie, warm atmosphere ! Sunny apartment , typical parisian architecture , cozy and comfortable spaces perfect for a stay in Paris in the heart of local life. Mixed , young and lively working-class district. Apartment near shops, including food, health, good boulangerie and exotics products, fresh products market open 7 days a week. Businesses open late. I stay in Paris , I'll be quickly on site in case of problem . I'm always available by mail or phone. Warm and lively district, near Montmartre , Abbesses , Sacre Coeur , and the Canal Saint Martin . Subway, bus, and velib' really near the appartment, easy access from stations and airport. Traffic and parking in car discouraged. The second bed is a sofa bed in the living room ( visible on the photographs ) ""Solsta"" model from Ikea ."
30380	Dear Guest,  This studio apartment will comfortably accommodate 2 people but there is a sofa bed for 2 other people. It has a small kitchen and a bathroom, in a very charming Parisian style. Located at 1st floor in the district of Montmartre, the apartment offers a breathtaking view of the Sacred Heart. The area though very touristic, offers what remains the last true Parisian village experience. The surroundings are busy and safe, and so many restaurants and cafés at walking distance. This apartment is a 25m2 studio recently redecorated. The main room is naturally lit all day thanks to its two large windows. Look out the window on the left, and check the spectacular view! For sleeping, the lounge has a comfortable double sofa bed and a beautiful double bed: a large curtain separates this room in half to preserve your privacy. Many built-in cabinets allow you to store your personal belongings during your stay in Paris. A dining area has been furnished with a small table and four chairs	Dear Guest,  This studio apartment will comfortably accommodate 2 people but there is a sofa bed for 2 others. It has a small kitchen and a bathroom, in a charming Parisian style. Perfect location with a direct view of the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. Dear Guest,  This studio apartment will comfortably accommodate 2 people but there is a sofa bed for 2 other people. It has a small kitchen and a bathroom, in a very charming Parisian style. Located at 1st floor in the district of Montmartre, the apartment offers a breathtaking view of the Sacred Heart. The area though very touristic, offers what remains the last true Parisian village experience. The surroundings are busy and safe, and so many restaurants and cafés at walking distance. This apartment is a 25m2 studio recently redecorated. The main room is naturally lit all day thanks to its two large windows. Look out the window on the left, and check the spectacular view! For sleeping, the lounge has a comfortable double sofa bed and a bea
30381		Brand new, Fully furnished studio. Wifi, Tv, Mac, equiped kitchen (Rice cooker, expresso machine...). Very confortable bed. Great bathroom. Metro, bus, restaurants, shops near by. 10 min walking from sacré cœur. I speak french, english and spanish. My phnumber. Plus thirty three, six, Fifty one, eightyeight, sixtynine, thirty four.  CU
30382	At the heart of Montmartre, this is a fully equipped 3-rooms flat with a bathroom in each bedroom. You will have an awesome view that will make your stay unique and trendy. Perfect for two couples looking for an amazing time in Paris.	At the heart of Montmartre, this fully equipped 3-rooms flat, with an awesome view will make your stay unique and trendy. You can do every things by walk, Visiting, Shopping, Eating, etc. Perfect for two couples looking for an amazing time in Paris. At the heart of Montmartre, this is a fully equipped 3-rooms flat with a bathroom in each bedroom. You will have an awesome view that will make your stay unique and trendy. Perfect for two couples looking for an amazing time in Paris. I'll be out of town during your stay, but I'll be available and happy to help you on any inquiry you could have. There’s a reason why Montmartre is always bustling. This iconic hilltop neighborhood’s striped awnings, cobblestone streets, and lively plazas rest at the foot of its pilgrimage-worthy basilica, Sacre Coeur. The neighborhood’s sacred structure and artisanal shops encourage frequent foot traffic, but Montmartre's ceaseless activity invites more than pleasure strollers along its cinema-worthy streets—
30383	It is located at Montmartre, 75018 Paris, it's near Moulin Rouge  (10 min), Opéra Garnier (15 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (15 min). Very well connected with Line 12 (Jules Joffrin), bus N°80, N°31, N°85, N°60, with gare du Nord station for CdG airport or for Orly airport.The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated  so it's completely new. It's 48  with 3 rooms, your room has a real and large bed which. You'll also enjoy relaxing after visiting Paris,   and a shower-room. You'll have reliable Wifi  and I provide clean sheets, towels and english book guide.	a quiet tourist area It is located at Montmartre, 75018 Paris, it's near Moulin Rouge  (10 min), Opéra Garnier (15 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (15 min). Very well connected with Line 12 (Jules Joffrin), bus N°80, N°31, N°85, N°60, with gare du Nord station for CdG airport or for Orly airport.The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated  so it's completely new. It's 48  with 3 rooms, your room has a real and large bed which. You'll also enjoy relaxing after visiting Paris,   and a shower-room. You'll have reliable Wifi  and I provide clean sheets, towels and english book guide. I can prepare for you a breakfast : 5€ per person. I can  do a washing machine for you : 3€ for 1 washing machine.
30384	"very well lit cosy artistic space, very well connected in terms of transport, with a small view at Montmartre on one side and at a ""beautiful"" railway tracks on the other. "	"Cosy 2 room loft (only one room available) next to Gare du Nord et Barbes (best transport connections). 6th floor (no elevator), lots of light, nice view, small kitchen and small bathroom with shower. Perfect for your Paris vacation. very well lit cosy artistic space, very well connected in terms of transport, with a small view at Montmartre on one side and at a ""beautiful"" railway tracks on the other.  electrical stove,  water boiler,  washing machine,  free Internet, and landline(you can call any other landline in Europe and mobile in France) good sound system  a 28"" monitor and an HD videoprojector if you want to enjoy a good movie or music,  a narguilee if you like smoking like a turk,  a sofa,  a foldable mattress and a king size bed I'll be more than happy to give you insights and clues on the best places in Paris one of the most colorful and diverse neighborhoods, including chinese, african, muslim and indian cultures; on wednesday and saturday there is a huge market where you c"
30385	The flat is on the first floor and overlooks the pedestrian street, with a beautiful view on the Old Montmartre and its typical french cafés and bistrots. Inside, à lovely and functional flat with a sofa bed hight quality for two persons and one for one person.	A lovely flat on the top of the Montmartre Hill, on the pedestrian street leading to the Sacré-Cœur, 50 meters from the Place du Tertre. You will be immersed in the authentic and romantic atmosphere of the old Montmartre.  The flat is on the first floor and overlooks the pedestrian street, with a beautiful view on the Old Montmartre and its typical french cafés and bistrots. Inside, à lovely and functional flat with a sofa bed hight quality for two persons and one for one person. Many cafés, bistrots, restaurants and pubs nearby. Nearest metro : metro Abesses, 5 minutes on foot. Sacré-cœur : 3 minutes on foot. Place du Tertre : 2 minutes on foot. Paris guide prepared by the owner. The Old Montmartre has a unique atmosphere, with its small streets, painters, musicians and beautiful architecture. 
30386		bonjour,  je vous propose pour une durée de 4 semaines, de venir découvrir paris dans cette sublime maison de deux étages, à deux pas de paris, et du sacré coeur. Je propose ma chambre, avec salle de bain privée, salon.. et un adorable colocataire.
30387	Located on the 4th floor, the flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! Newly renovated with tasteful decoration, it has a large main room with a comfortable sofa bed, a bedroom and a bathroom with a bath.	Perfect place for 4 persons who want to have a nice stay in Paris. Very nice, modern and fully equipped flat which is perfectly located in the heart of the typical and arty Montmartre. You can Reach the Sacre Coeur, Le Moulin Rouge... in 5 min. Located on the 4th floor, the flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! Newly renovated with tasteful decoration, it has a large main room with a comfortable sofa bed, a bedroom and a bathroom with a bath. I will be here with my partner to help you in case you need it! Just next to the door- pastery, Butcher (make an entrecote steak @ home), Fromagerie (pick up comte, chevre, langres for a picnic @ gorgeous Parc Monceau or Sacre Coeur), Marche with fruit/legumes/fresh squeezed OJ for Breakfast, Numerous great restaurants are around. Montmartre is calm, gorgeous and known for the artists who had studios or worked around the community such as Salvador Dalí, Amedeo Modigliani, Claude Monet, Piet Mondrian, Pablo Picasso and 
30388		Couple de 30 ans loue chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes dans appartement de 70 m2 tout confort. Situé dans le 18 ème proche Montmartre (2 km du sacré coeur).  Immeuble calme. Métro ligne 12 et 4 très pratique pour visiter Paris.
30389	Charming studio very bright, quiet, fully equipped, and well-connected by subway, 2 steps from Montmartre, Pigalle and Rue des Martyrs. You'll enjoy theaters, concerts, bars, nice restaurants, caterers and Sacred Heart. Ideal for a romantic getaway! Housing purchased in spring 2014 and renovated for the occasion. Since it is located on the fourth and top floor, and with 3 large south facing windows and white parquet, this studio is very bright, it always feels good :) This accommodation is provided for 2 people and is ideal for a romantic getaway!	Charming studio very bright, quiet, fully equipped, and well-connected by subway, 2 steps from Montmartre, Pigalle and Rue des Martyrs. You'll enjoy theaters, concerts, bars, nice restaurants, caterers and Sacred Heart. Ideal for a romantic getaway! Charming studio very bright, quiet, fully equipped, and well-connected by subway, 2 steps from Montmartre, Pigalle and Rue des Martyrs. You'll enjoy theaters, concerts, bars, nice restaurants, caterers and Sacred Heart. Ideal for a romantic getaway! Housing purchased in spring 2014 and renovated for the occasion. Since it is located on the fourth and top floor, and with 3 large south facing windows and white parquet, this studio is very bright, it always feels good :) This accommodation is provided for 2 people and is ideal for a romantic getaway! Guests have access to a fully equipped accommodation with a kitchen available (large work in wood, ceramic hob, oven, Senseo coffee etc ...), a washing machine, high speed internet (fiber) ... Lin
30390	Welcome to our bright and peaceful apartment. It is closed to all the points of interest in Paris, next to Butte Montmartre and only 3 metro stops to Pigalle. It has been design by architects and offers everething you need for your stay.  Welcome to our bright and peaceful appartment in Paris next to Butte Montmartre. It's a two rooms appartment, 45m2 (480 sq ft) which can accomodate up to 4 persons. One bedroom with a queen size bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. The appartement is overlooking a beautiful and flowered garden.  The flat is very quiet. It's the perfect place to chill and relax after a long day visiting Paris. The apartment has been renovated and designed by architects and offers everything you need for your stay as a gazcooker, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, flat tv, ... An elevator brings you to our 2nd floor. Wifi is included and you can also use our Mac computer as dvds and books collections. Our 2 metro stations (Jules Joffin, line 12 & Si	Bienvenue dans notre paisible et lumineux appartement parisien, au pied de la Butte Montmartre. Le quartier est très vivant, il regorge de commerces, restaurants,... Et vous êtes proche des principaux lieux touristiques. Welcome to our bright and peaceful apartment. It is closed to all the points of interest in Paris, next to Butte Montmartre and only 3 metro stops to Pigalle. It has been design by architects and offers everething you need for your stay.  Welcome to our bright and peaceful appartment in Paris next to Butte Montmartre. It's a two rooms appartment, 45m2 (480 sq ft) which can accomodate up to 4 persons. One bedroom with a queen size bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. The appartement is overlooking a beautiful and flowered garden.  The flat is very quiet. It's the perfect place to chill and relax after a long day visiting Paris. The apartment has been renovated and designed by architects and offers everything you need for your stay as a gazcooker, oven, microwa
30391	Appartement situé à 100 mètres du Sacré-Coeur et à 50 mètres de la place des Abbesses. L'appartement a conservé des matériaux authentiques comme les poutres et le parquet. Vous trouverez un cahier avec toutes les bonnes adresses du quartier.	Appartement situé à 100 mètres du Sacré-Coeur et à 50 mètres de la place des Abbesses. L'appartement a conservé des matériaux authentiques comme les poutres et le parquet. Vous trouverez un cahier avec toutes les bonnes adresses du quartier. Televiseur sony - wifi- machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge. Au moindre problème, vous pouvez me contacter. Le quartier fait à la fois village et est très parisien. La population est décontractée et les métiers artistiques sont abondamment représentés. J'aime le contraste entre les boutiques, les restaurants et les bars à la mode et les vieilles rues pavées , les jardins, les statues et contempler tout Paris des jardins du sacré-coeur. C'est un peu la campagne à Paris avec le Moulin-Rouge et le Moulin de la galette à deux pas. Par le RER B descendre à la station gare du Nord, prendre le couloir qui mène au M° La Chapelle, direction Porte Dauphine ligne 2 et vous êtes à Pigalle.
30392	L'appartement est situé rue André Barsacq. Cette rue est située dans un quartier très sûr de Montmartre, entre l'animation des Abesses et le Sacré Coeur.C'est un très beau duplex comprenant : * En bas : - un séjour + cuisine ouverte de 27m² - un canapé lit dans le salon (largeur de 160cm) - 1 bar pour 2 personnes ou une table de salle à manger si vous êtes plus (jusqu'à 6 personnes) - une grande penderie - un WC avec lavabo * En haut : - 1 chambre à l'étage avec un lit d'une largeur de 140 cm - 1 douche et un coin lavabo dans la chambre - de grands tiroirs en haut et des espaces pour ranger vos valises. Le tout est entièrement équipé (vaisselle, draps, serviettes de toilette, Hi-Fi, grande TV, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, électroménager courant, téléphone avec appels illimités vers fixes de 100 pays et portables français et US...). Compte tenu de sa double exposition et de son orientation vers Paris (Sud) sans vis à vis, l'appartement est bien sûr très (website hidden) est situé	L'appartement est situé rue André Barsacq. Cette rue est située dans un quartier très sûr de Montmartre, entre l'animation des Abesses et le Sacré Coeur.C'est un très beau duplex comprenant : * En bas : - un séjour + cuisine ouverte de 27m² - un canapé lit dans le salon (largeur de 160cm) - 1 bar pour 2 personnes ou une table de salle à manger si vous êtes plus (jusqu'à 6 personnes) - une grande penderie - un WC avec lavabo * En haut : - 1 chambre à l'étage avec un lit d'une largeur de 140 cm - 1 douche et un coin lavabo dans la chambre - de grands tiroirs en haut et des espaces pour ranger vos valises. Le tout est entièrement équipé (vaisselle, draps, serviettes de toilette, Hi-Fi, grande TV, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, électroménager courant, téléphone avec appels illimités vers fixes de 100 pays et portables français et US...). Compte tenu de sa double exposition et de son orientation vers Paris (Sud) sans vis à vis, l'appartement est bien sûr très (website hidden) est situé
30393	Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes. Il y a une petite cuisine à disposition(frigo, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, grille pain et petit four à pizza) et salle de bain (douche, machine à laver et wc).  L'appartement est partagé avec une autre personne, qui est très discrète et qui attend que vous le soyez en retour. 	Chambre privée  à 5 min du métro (ligne 4, accès direct au cœur de la capitale), rue calme, à proximité de toute commodité (supermarché, poste, restaurants, square) et idéal pour se rendre au Sacré Cœur et aux puces de St Ouen, à 20 minutes chacun. Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes. Il y a une petite cuisine à disposition(frigo, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, grille pain et petit four à pizza) et salle de bain (douche, machine à laver et wc).  L'appartement est partagé avec une autre personne, qui est très discrète et qui attend que vous le soyez en retour.  On accède au logement via la ligne 4, métro Simplon ou la ligne 12, métro Marcadet Poissonniers.  J'essaye que mes hôtes passent le meilleur séjour qui soit. N'hésitez pas à me poser des questions. C'est une rue assez calme et propre. Elle borde  un boulevard assez animé avec tous les commerces dont ont a besoin.
30394	NEW The apartment has just been renovated and is located on the second floor without elevator. A stones throw away from the Sacre-Coeur (magnificent panorama of Paris)   Perfect location near restaurants, public transport and parks Comfortable and quiet area at the heart of Montmartre village. Area full of typical small streets, coffees and charming restaurants that create a peaceful atmosphere far from the tumultuous Paris.  5 minutes walk to La Halle Saint-Pierre, 5 minutes walk to la Place du Tertre and Montmartre and vines, 30 minutes walk to Opéra Garnier and the famous commercial centers (Galleries Lafayette and Printemps Haussman).  The apartment is composed of a room with 2 double beds (90cmx190 for two people), another room with 1 big bed (140cmx190cm for two people), a living room with a sofa bed (140x190 for two people), Linens are provided for each bed, a bathroom ( towels provided) and a kitchen equipped for cooking.  An extra bed (for baby carriage from birth to 3 years o	The perfect place. The apartment is located on a square where you can find typical Parisian restaurants to have a drink, eat lunch or dinner, and where you can admire a beautiful park leading to the funicular  NEW The apartment has just been renovated and is located on the second floor without elevator. A stones throw away from the Sacre-Coeur (magnificent panorama of Paris)   Perfect location near restaurants, public transport and parks Comfortable and quiet area at the heart of Montmartre village. Area full of typical small streets, coffees and charming restaurants that create a peaceful atmosphere far from the tumultuous Paris.  5 minutes walk to La Halle Saint-Pierre, 5 minutes walk to la Place du Tertre and Montmartre and vines, 30 minutes walk to Opéra Garnier and the famous commercial centers (Galleries Lafayette and Printemps Haussman).  The apartment is composed of a room with 2 double beds (90cmx190 for two people), another room with 1 big bed (140cmx190cm for two people), a 
30395	A really bright apartment. Very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard and not the street. As a translator, I am accustomed to working from home, which poses no problem here.  There's a separate kitchen, toilet and an ensuite bathroom with a bath. This is a really sunny apartment with a lovely view of the Montmartre hill. You can even see the Sacre Coeur from the window.  It's located just beside Rue de Poteau where there is a market with fresh fish, a fromagerie, boulangeries, free range chickens and supermarkets.  A lovely sports stadium in a green space with a circuit and tennis courts is minutes away across the street. There also also some great cafés and restaurants nearby where you can sit outside and enjoy the ambiance. It's a short walk up the steps to the Sacre Coeur. I use 3 metro stations and can be in the centre of Paris in 20 minutes: Jules Joffrin (line 12); Porte de Clignancourt (line 4); Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12). There are also several buses to the centre of Paris. Cha	A charming fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment (35 square metres) available up to August 31st in Montmartre (beside rue de Poteau). Quiet and sunny with no vis à vis. Internet available. A really bright apartment. Very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard and not the street. As a translator, I am accustomed to working from home, which poses no problem here.  There's a separate kitchen, toilet and an ensuite bathroom with a bath. This is a really sunny apartment with a lovely view of the Montmartre hill. You can even see the Sacre Coeur from the window.  It's located just beside Rue de Poteau where there is a market with fresh fish, a fromagerie, boulangeries, free range chickens and supermarkets.  A lovely sports stadium in a green space with a circuit and tennis courts is minutes away across the street. There also also some great cafés and restaurants nearby where you can sit outside and enjoy the ambiance. It's a short walk up the steps to the Sacre Coeur. I use 3 metro stations and can
30396	"Charming studio to rent in a lovely historical district of Montmartre/ Moulin-Rouge, lively neighbourhood, plenty of pubs, restaurants and shops. It is about 50 meters from the famous ""cafe de Deux Moulin"" where the famous film ""Amélie"" was set. The Place du Tertre and the Sacré-Coeur are about a five minutes walk away from the studio. Every Sunday the sector becomes a traffic-free zone. A 14 sqm renovated studio for one person. Set on the courtyard side of the building, it is very quiet and sunny on the 4th floor. There is no elevator. Kitchen is fitted with an electric induction cooker, a fridge with a frizzer, a coffee machine, a kettle and a toaster. Cleaning, and linen are included in the rate. You will find all types of shops at 20 meters by foot ( supermarkets, bakery, laundry, pharmacy, restaurants, bars, etc... ) Transport : Metro (n°2 - 12 - 13) Metro stations - Abbesses, Blanche, Place Clichy.   Buses (n° (phone number hidden)) "	"Charming studio to rent in a lovely historical district of Montmartre/ Moulin-Rouge, lively neighbourhood, plenty of pubs, restaurants and shops. It is about 50 meters from the famous ""cafe de Deux Moulin"" where the famous film ""Amélie"" was set. The Place du Tertre and the Sacré-Coeur are about a five minutes walk away from the studio. Every Sunday the sector becomes a traffic-free zone. A 14 sqm renovated studio for one person. Set on the courtyard side of the building, it is very quiet and sunny on the 4th floor. There is no elevator. Kitchen is fitted with an electric induction cooker, a fridge with a frizzer, a coffee machine, a kettle and a toaster. Cleaning, and linen are included in the rate. You will find all types of shops at 20 meters by foot ( supermarkets, bakery, laundry, pharmacy, restaurants, bars, etc... ) Transport : Metro (n°2 - 12 - 13) Metro stations - Abbesses, Blanche, Place Clichy.   Buses (n° (phone number hidden)) "
30397	The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure. This beautiful flat for 4 people has been entirely renovated recently, keeping the charm of a typical parisian apartment. A vast hallway leads onto every room : the kitchen, the living room, the bathroom, the separate WC and the bedroom.  The large dining room is equipped with a table and chairs for 6, and the adjoining living room with a comfortable sofa bed will welcome 2 people. It is possible to add in this room a futon to sleep an additional child. The living room contains a flat screen television and speakers to plug your phone or tablet. Next to the hallway you will find a modern and fully equipped kitchen, that you will be able to access without entering the living room where guests could be sleeping. The same goes for the bathroom and separa	Beautiful apartment, modern and very charming, in the heart of Montmartre, a few steps from the Sacré Coeur and the mythical Moulin Rouge cabaret. The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure. This beautiful flat for 4 people has been entirely renovated recently, keeping the charm of a typical parisian apartment. A vast hallway leads onto every room : the kitchen, the living room, the bathroom, the separate WC and the bedroom.  The large dining room is equipped with a table and chairs for 6, and the adjoining living room with a comfortable sofa bed will welcome 2 people. It is possible to add in this room a futon to sleep an additional child. The living room contains a flat screen television and speakers to plug your phone or tablet. Next to the hallway you will find a modern and fully equipped 
30398		2 rooms bright and comfortable flat 50m2, with an office space, near metro station Porte de Clignancourt or Jules Joffrin. It's a new building with elevator suitable for someone with disability. Good gas heating system and fully equipped flat 
30399	Spacious 2-rooms located at a 10-mn walk from Montmartre. Typically and entirely renovated parisian apartment. Very large living room with a sofabed, one bedroom with a queen bed, a modern kitchen, bathroom with shower and separated toilets. The neighboorhood is quiet. Very near to shops and metro stations (Jules Joffrin, Simplon, Porte de Clignancourt). Guardian. Wifi.  Grand deux-pièces situé à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Entièrement rénové. Un grand salon avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit double, une salle de bains avec douche, des toilettes séparées et une cuisine moderne. Typiquement parisien, avec poutres apparentes, l'appartement est situé dans un immeuble et un quartier calmes. À deux pas des commerces de la rue du Poteau, du quartier animé de Jules Joffrin et de la butte Montmartre. Bien desservi par les métros (Jules Joffrin, Simplon, Porte de Clignancourt) et les bus. 	Spacious 2-room located at a 10-mn walk from Montmartre. Typically and entirely renovated parisian apartment. Very large living room with a sofabed, one bedroom with a queen bed, a modern kitchen, bathroom with shower and separated toilets. Wifi. Spacious 2-rooms located at a 10-mn walk from Montmartre. Typically and entirely renovated parisian apartment. Very large living room with a sofabed, one bedroom with a queen bed, a modern kitchen, bathroom with shower and separated toilets. The neighboorhood is quiet. Very near to shops and metro stations (Jules Joffrin, Simplon, Porte de Clignancourt). Guardian. Wifi.  Grand deux-pièces situé à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Entièrement rénové. Un grand salon avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit double, une salle de bains avec douche, des toilettes séparées et une cuisine moderne. Typiquement parisien, avec poutres apparentes, l'appartement est situé dans un immeuble et un quartier calmes. À deux pas des commerces de la rue du Poteau, du 
30400		La chambre est situé dans un quartier vivant de Paris, à 5 minutes à pieds de Montmartre. Vous y trouverez tout ce que Paris peut offrir de meilleur. L'appartement est tout équipé. Je partage l'appartement avec ma colocataire qui est très agréable.
30401	L'appartement comprend WIFI, Cuisine, machine à laver, Micro onde, SDB, bureau, TV...et confort. Piscine très propre à 10 minutes du logement. Une caution de 300€ est demandée.	Femme habituée à recevoir des personnes pour visiter Paris Chambre meublée de 15m2 dans appartement confortable de 35m2. Couple avec 1 enfant possible pour semaine et WE (Près de Paris la villette  Tarif : 300€/semaine et 80 le WE L'appartement comprend WIFI, Cuisine, machine à laver, Micro onde, SDB, bureau, TV...et confort. Piscine très propre à 10 minutes du logement. Une caution de 300€ est demandée. Accès à cuisine SDB, Wifi, machine à laver, Micro onde, SDB, bureau,...et confort Je suis une personne qui respecte les autres, le logement est propre. Je ne peux pas me passer de blaguer et rire dans des proportions raisonnables bien sûre. Je m'adapte très rapidement auprès de mes hôtes. Je suis propres et sans problèmes. J'aime ciné, théâtre, sciences,  Alors à bientôt ! Quartier calme sans problème Lieu : Paris 18eme (Près de Paris la villette (cité ds sciences) à 30 min de Montparnasse et Chatelet,  A 20 min Montmartre) Transports : par bus, tram, métro. couple avec enfant accèpté
30402		Charmant studio meublé avec salle de bain et mezzanine pour dormir. Belle vue sur Paris . Près de Montmartre.  
30403	L'appartement est fait pour un couple ou une personne seule, cependant il y a un clic clac dans le salon, vous pouvez donc venir jusqu'à 4 personnes...	Petit appartement de 33m² comprenant salon (avec canapé clic-clac), chambre (lit deux places), cuisine séparée et petite salle de bains.  Le tout dans un quartier magnifique: à dix minutes à pieds de la butte Monmartre! Proche du métro! L'appartement est fait pour un couple ou une personne seule, cependant il y a un clic clac dans le salon, vous pouvez donc venir jusqu'à 4 personnes... Tout l'appartement, machine à laver, salle de douche... Tout dépend de si je suis ou non ici! Quartier à la fois très vivant (bars, restaurants, marché, petits commerces etc) et très calme (la nuit, on ne craint rien en rentrant tard, et on peut dormir sur ses deux oreilles!). On peut y sentir toute l'ambiance de Paris Montmartre, en dix minutes au Sacré coeur et en 15 à Pigalle, on est aussi place de Clichy ou gare du Nord en un petit quart d'heure, et en 20 au Chatelet, plein coeur de la ville! Les lignes 4 et 12 desservent l'appartement (Simplon ou Jules Joffrin), directs vers Gare du Nord, Montparnas
30404	This 30m2, 2nd floor, 1 bedroom apartment was designed and furnished by a designer friend of the American owner. It has been recently repainted. The designer has divided the flat in 3 main spaces :  - a living/dining room with integrated kitchen - a calm and convenient bedroom - and a nice stone tiled bathroom. The living room is extremely bright thanks to its 2 large windows. Facing the windows is a select stone building with nice bow windows.  The kitchen is fully integrated. A table/bar specially designed has drawers opening on both ends. Its tray may be set long or short.  The rest of the furniture is of the same style and wood material. Finally, a large mirror reflects the light and widens the room. In between the living room and the bedroom, a curtain creates privacy at will . It received the custom built wardrobe.  The bedroom receives light from the two sides, bedroom windows and the curtained entrance. Bathroom offers a nice bath tub. It is designed with modern style sink and 	This modern, designer finished 1-bed apartment is perfectly located in rue Chappe 2 min walk from the Sacre-Coeur. Charming Parisian neighborhood with diverse shops, restaurants and cafes with terraces. It perfectly fits 2 people. This 30m2, 2nd floor, 1 bedroom apartment was designed and furnished by a designer friend of the American owner. It has been recently repainted. The designer has divided the flat in 3 main spaces :  - a living/dining room with integrated kitchen - a calm and convenient bedroom - and a nice stone tiled bathroom. The living room is extremely bright thanks to its 2 large windows. Facing the windows is a select stone building with nice bow windows.  The kitchen is fully integrated. A table/bar specially designed has drawers opening on both ends. Its tray may be set long or short.  The rest of the furniture is of the same style and wood material. Finally, a large mirror reflects the light and widens the room. In between the living room and the bedroom, a curtain c
30405	New micro wave. New ceramic plate 2 fires. New refrigerator. 2 freezer compartments. 1 electric piano. Books hair dryer	37m2 furnished(filled) mezzanine of 10m2 with 1 sofa - bed,  Montmarte has 10mn, fleas(chips) Door of Clignancourt in 2mn subway Simplon lines 4 District very sympatique interwalks(interworks) nearby  Market days: Tuesday / Friday / Sunday. GOOD STA New micro wave. New ceramic plate 2 fires. New refrigerator. 2 freezer compartments. 1 electric piano. Books hair dryer ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES: Monday 8am - 12pm 16h - 21h Tuesday / 16h - 21h Wednesday 8am - 12pm 16h - 21h Thursday 8am - 12pm 16h - 21h Friday / 16h - 21h Saturday 8am - 21h Sunday 8am - 21h From Orly airport take the shuttle up to take direction RER B ANTHONY charles off at Gare du Nord, take direction clignancourt door and get off at SIMPLON Charles de Gaulle airport, take RER B Remy chevreuses off at GARE DU NORD charles off at Gare du Nord, take direction clignancourt door and get off at SIMPLON Code 3792 HOLDER (2 doors)
30406	Studio (phone number hidden)m2 +17M2 BALCON avec jolies plantes, 2 fauteuils, table, chaises, parasol. Un lit double ainsi qu'un futon pouvant accueillir une troisième personne. Une grande baignoire. Vue dégagée sans vis-à-vis sur un jardin public. 5 ème étage. Très belle luminosité, exposition au soleil de 14h jusqu'à la fin du jour.	Studio (phone number hidden)m2 +17M2 BALCON avec jolies plantes, 2 fauteuils, table, chaises, parasol. Un lit double ainsi qu'un futon pouvant accueillir une troisième personne. Une grande baignoire. Vue dégagée sans vis-à-vis sur un jardin public. Studio (phone number hidden)m2 +17M2 BALCON avec jolies plantes, 2 fauteuils, table, chaises, parasol. Un lit double ainsi qu'un futon pouvant accueillir une troisième personne. Une grande baignoire. Vue dégagée sans vis-à-vis sur un jardin public. 5 ème étage. Très belle luminosité, exposition au soleil de 14h jusqu'à la fin du jour. Accès aux personnes à mobilité réduites possible (plan incliné au rdc, puis ascenseur). Deux accès sont possible (accès principal de la résidence et accès à l'immeuble), par vigik sécurisé. Vous pouvez me joindre au (phone number hidden) à tout moment ainsi qu'au (phone number hidden) du 18.07.15 au 05.08.15. Marché de fruits et légumes les jeudis et dimanches matin. Proche de Montmartre, également des épicerie
30407	East-West double exposition apartment, 5th floor with lift,  Very beautiful cozy apartment with balcony above gardens on the West side and stunning view over Paris Montmartre on the East side, with open kitchen, entirely refurbished Here you'll find all the comfort you need, WiFi, telephone, washing machine, microwave, dishwasher, high quality oven / induction hob and fridge/freezer... You'll be no more than 2 min away from 3 subways lines, # 12 line at Jules Joffrin and # 4 line at Simplon and  Several bus lines (31 60 80 Montmartrobus ). Only 10 mn walking from Montmartre basilica through a picturesque and romantic walk. Discover Montmartre and its lovely Jules Joffrin neighborhood, and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a cool atmosphere, with typical French markets, several Parisian style cafés and restaurants, caterers, French bakeries, amazing cheese shops, butcheries, fish sops, wine shops and also pharmacies, supermarkets. We are going to l	East-West double exposition apartment, 5th floor with lift,  Very beautiful cozy apartment with balcony above gardens on the West side and stunning view over Paris Montmartre on the East side, with open kitchen, entirely refurbished Here you'll find all the comfort you need, WiFi, telephone, washing machine, microwave, dishwasher, high quality oven / induction hob and fridge/freezer... You'll be no more than 2 min away from 3 subways lines, # 12 line at Jules Joffrin and # 4 line at Simplon and  Several bus lines (31 60 80 Montmartrobus ). Only 10 mn walking from Montmartre basilica through a picturesque and romantic walk. Discover Montmartre and its lovely Jules Joffrin neighborhood, and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a cool atmosphere, with typical French markets, several Parisian style cafés and restaurants, caterers, French bakeries, amazing cheese shops, butcheries, fish sops, wine shops and also pharmacies, supermarkets. We are going to l
30408	Really close to Montmartre - Basilique du Sacré Coeur and near by Parisian shops / Très proche de la Basilique du Sacré Coeur - Montmartre et des petits traiteurs et magasins parisiens.	Beautiful & Cosy Parisian apartment in the heart of Montmartre / Appartement Charmant et Chaleureux au coeur de Montmartre Really close to Montmartre - Basilique du Sacré Coeur and near by Parisian shops / Très proche de la Basilique du Sacré Coeur - Montmartre et des petits traiteurs et magasins parisiens. Free & powerful WI-FI / Fibre optique  TV Cable with more than 100 channels / Câble TV avec plus de 100 chaînes  Washing machine / Machine à laver Keys will be given at the beginning of the weekend/trip, it will be asked to return them either directly to the owner or to leave them in the mail box. We will show you how does the apartment work (Wi-Fi, Shower, Keys and everything)  Les clefs seront données en personne avec les explications nécessaires pour la box etc... We love everything : Montmartre, all the shops, the architecture, the atmosphere in this district and the proximity with the Center (10 minutes to Opéra by Taxi and Subway and 15 minutes to the Eiffel Tower by Taxi) / V
30409		Chambre dans un bel appartement spacieux et cosy. Son atout ? La lumière et le quartier qui regorge de belles surprises (des marchés, concept bars, brunch à deux pas, restaurants originaux, galeries etc.). Il sera à partager avec un autre locataire.
30410	It's a flat with a bedroom (bed 140 x 140) and a living room with a sofa bed.The bedroom is yours. Equiped kitchen and bathroom. A towel is provided. There is a drying washing machine. You can use it if you need.	Metro La Chapelle (Line 2) & Marx Dormoy (Line 12). 5 minutes from Gare du Nord and 15 min from Montmartre. Flat renovated. Look at the pictures. The area is cosmopolite but safe. In the end you will appreciate like othe guest who came before... It's a flat with a bedroom (bed 140 x 140) and a living room with a sofa bed.The bedroom is yours. Equiped kitchen and bathroom. A towel is provided. There is a drying washing machine. You can use it if you need. Close to Montmartre, Gare du Nord station, PLace de Clichy (Moulin Rouge). This is a cosmopolite and multicultural area, fi you like it you will enjoy the experience. Otherwise, you'de better choose another area in Paris :) I am usally sharing the flat with you. I try to be discreet. You can be in autonomy in the flat and use the kitchen as you want (dishawing machine).  Cosmopolite area next to Gare du Nord. Metro line 2 (Métro la Chapelle) and line 12 (Métro Marx Dormoy). 5 minutes walking from Gare du Nord. The flat is on the 4th fl
30411	L'appartement est un charmant 2 pièces situé dans un chouette quartier, il dispose de toutes les commodités, jusqu'à 4 personnes peuvent y loger. La cuisine américaine  est équipée au gaz, le canapé lit se déplie facilement, la chambre dispose d'un grand lit très confortable ainsi qu'une grande armoire. L'appartement est situé au 1er étage sans ascenseur. Il donne sur une rue calme. Internet télévision compris. 	L'appartement est très bien situé, quartier animé avec de nombreux commerces. Il est très agréable à vivre et dispose de tout le confort.   Very well located apartment, in a nice neighborhood with loads of shoppings and restaurants...  & Cosy ! L'appartement est un charmant 2 pièces situé dans un chouette quartier, il dispose de toutes les commodités, jusqu'à 4 personnes peuvent y loger. La cuisine américaine  est équipée au gaz, le canapé lit se déplie facilement, la chambre dispose d'un grand lit très confortable ainsi qu'une grande armoire. L'appartement est situé au 1er étage sans ascenseur. Il donne sur une rue calme. Internet télévision compris. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier de la Mairie du 18ème, quartier très animé, avec de nombreux commerces de proximité, bars et restaurants, il y a plusieurs marchés tout au long de la semaine. The appartment is located in a great neighborhood with loads of shops, bar and restaurants. You have the possibility to go to a different ma
30412		To rent a room in a flat. The room is big, nice with a new and comfortable bed (2 personnes bed). The 2nd room is my flatmate's room. The flat has a living room, kitchen and bathroom.   At the border of Montmartre and well connected with subway.
30413	Comfortable and luminous 40sqm flat ( separate bedroom ), typically parisian, all renovated, ideal for a couple.	"Lovely 40 sqm cosy flat 2 minutes away from the sacré coeur . Discover the parisian way of life "" parquet "", "" cheminée"" and enjoy staying in a perfect location in paris. ( 2 metro station at 5 min walk )"
30414	Cafés, bars and restaurants abound, as well as the best boulangerie in Paris just down the street.  It is inclosed in its own villa off of the street and is as calm and peaceful as can be! With a bedroom containing bunk beds that accommodate up to 4 people, plus room on a couch if a 5th wants to crash, it's a beautiful apartment for a large group, yet affordable for an individual or a couple who wants a pleasant, cozy place to stay in one of the most vibrant and well-served neighborhoods of Paris. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator, freezer, stovetops, an oven, and a microwave.  You can do laundry in the apartment and there is even a dartboard. You are a 2 minute walk from two different metro lines and right down the street from the majestic Sacré Coeur with its breath-taking views over Paris.	A charming 30 m2 apartment in the heart of Montmartre.  Great restaurants and cafés nearby and close to two convenient metro lines only 2 minutes walking distance! The apartment is very calm and quiet and comes with an equipped kitchen and 2 beds! Cafés, bars and restaurants abound, as well as the best boulangerie in Paris just down the street.  It is inclosed in its own villa off of the street and is as calm and peaceful as can be! With a bedroom containing bunk beds that accommodate up to 4 people, plus room on a couch if a 5th wants to crash, it's a beautiful apartment for a large group, yet affordable for an individual or a couple who wants a pleasant, cozy place to stay in one of the most vibrant and well-served neighborhoods of Paris. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator, freezer, stovetops, an oven, and a microwave.  You can do laundry in the apartment and there is even a dartboard. You are a 2 minute walk from two different metro lines and right down t
30415	"This  apartment  of 58m2 is situated in “the good place to be” in Montmartre, avenue Junot. It has been completely renewed in a comfortable contemporary style ; wooden floor, moquette in the sleeping room, Italian  paving  for the dressing and bathroom, shower “à l’italienne”. All commodities are supplied. This situation gives you the opportunity to walk up the avenue Junot till la Place du Tertre  and the Sacré Coeur. Buses and tube nearby lead you to Champs Elysées, Opera, Louvre and of course everywhere you may wish.  The apartment is on the first floor but is really lightfull. Shops for food and beverage are situated 2 minutes walk from the apartment  and you’ll find always a lot of cafés, restaurants, lounge bars in the area which will makes you live in the typical Parisian life style! The nearest metro station is ""Lamarck caulaincourt on line 12. You can as well take the bus to Place de clichy with severa metro lines and a velib' station close to.  "	This  apartment  of 58m2 in a design style is situated in “the good place to be” in Montmartre, avenue Junot. You got opportunity to walk up till Place du Tertre  and Sacré Coeur.  Buses and tube nearby lead you to Champs Elysées, Opera or Louvre  This  apartment  of 58m2 is situated in “the good place to be” in Montmartre, avenue Junot. It has been completely renewed in a comfortable contemporary style ; wooden floor, moquette in the sleeping room, Italian  paving  for the dressing and bathroom, shower “à l’italienne”. All commodities are supplied. This situation gives you the opportunity to walk up the avenue Junot till la Place du Tertre  and the Sacré Coeur. Buses and tube nearby lead you to Champs Elysées, Opera, Louvre and of course everywhere you may wish.  The apartment is on the first floor but is really lightfull. Shops for food and beverage are situated 2 minutes walk from the apartment  and you’ll find always a lot of cafés, restaurants, lounge bars in the area which will m
30416	This charming and very cozy apartment (2 rooms) is just near La Butte de Montmartre. Ideal for a romantic escape (2 or 4 people).  Located in the Paris downtown you have easily access to all major transportation options. Note: no parking for car From the building, you could go to the famous dept. stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps (10 or 20 minutes by walking). You’ll be seduced by the view of top Sacré Coeur Church from the living room windows. The Apartment:  In a Haussmann architectural style building on an upper floor (3rd floor), this apartment with a total surface area of around 50 m² has been renovated: (Electricity upgrading, plumbing redone, painting etc.), comfort, double glazing lift. Lift elevator. Decorated with mid-century modern furniture, old-school fixtures and detailing will give you a great sense of our city style. The spacious living room offers a quiet and relax moment with the ambiance of mix Art nouveau & Art deco furniture. Convertible sofa provides extra b	Why to wait !! Come to PARIS and take your chance to keep a big moment. No need to know how to dance, here the heart beats to luxuriant and lunar shaking ambiences. This charming and very cozy apartment (2 rooms) is just near La Butte de Montmartre. Ideal for a romantic escape (2 or 4 people).  Located in the Paris downtown you have easily access to all major transportation options. Note: no parking for car From the building, you could go to the famous dept. stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps (10 or 20 minutes by walking). You’ll be seduced by the view of top Sacré Coeur Church from the living room windows. The Apartment:  In a Haussmann architectural style building on an upper floor (3rd floor), this apartment with a total surface area of around 50 m² has been renovated: (Electricity upgrading, plumbing redone, painting etc.), comfort, double glazing lift. Lift elevator. Decorated with mid-century modern furniture, old-school fixtures and detailing will give you a great sense of 
30417	"You are renting a very recently renovated studio in a very old and crooked building, typical from Montmartre. The flat is graced by a 65 sq foot balcony and a very sought after un-interrupted view of the Eiffel tower, Les Invalides, Le Grand Palais, l'Arc de Triomphe (Champs Élysées), the towering ""La Défense"" business district, all the way to the Sacré Coeur and more. The flat does not have neighbours on the same floor, nor the floor above, and is above streets with little traffic, making for a rather quiet environment compared to most flats in central Paris.  The studio is facing west and is very sunny at any given moment in the day. But the best hour is the early evening, when you are enjoying an apéritif or home-cooked dinner on the balcony and the sunsets are just out of this world!!! The materials used for renovating our studios were hand-picked by us and our architect for their quality, durability and aesthetic value. There is an Italian kitchen, exotic wooden floors, an en-suit"	"Stunning flat with the most incredible panoramic balcony views of the Eiffel Tower, business district and Sacré Coeur.  It can comfortably host 3 people with 2 double beds: one double futon in the living-room and a cosy water bed in the bedroom! You are renting a very recently renovated studio in a very old and crooked building, typical from Montmartre. The flat is graced by a 65 sq foot balcony and a very sought after un-interrupted view of the Eiffel tower, Les Invalides, Le Grand Palais, l'Arc de Triomphe (Champs Élysées), the towering ""La Défense"" business district, all the way to the Sacré Coeur and more. The flat does not have neighbours on the same floor, nor the floor above, and is above streets with little traffic, making for a rather quiet environment compared to most flats in central Paris.  The studio is facing west and is very sunny at any given moment in the day. But the best hour is the early evening, when you are enjoying an apéritif or home-cooked dinner on the balcony"
30418	Welcome to my typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Montmartre. The apartment is recently fully renovated. It is located in the pleasant district of Montmartre with many good shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Montmartre: 200 metres - Le Louvre: 15 minutes (metro) - Les champs Elysées 10 minutes (metro) - Tour Eiffel: 15 minutes (metro) - And many more! Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the 1st floor. Is has a separate bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (140*200), LCD TV (32”), Internet access, heather Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom: Queen-size bed (140*190), dressing, ironing board, iron, heater and fan (linens are provided) Bathroom: Shower, water closet ,wash	Welcome to my typical Parisian apartment in the heart of Montmartre. The apartment is recently fully renovated. It is located in the pleasant district of Montmartre with many good shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Montmartre: 200 metres - Le Louvre: 15 minutes (metro) - Les champs Elysées 10 minutes (metro) - Tour Eiffel: 15 minutes (metro) - And many more! Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the 1st floor. Is has a separate bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (140*200), LCD TV (32”), Internet access, heather Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom: Queen-size bed (140*190), dressing, ironing board, iron, heater and fan (linens are provided) Bathroom: Shower, water closet ,wash
30419	Very wlecoming and bright apartment. You'll find everything you need for a comfortable stay (dishwasher, washing machine, TV, Free Wifi...). The balcony is a perfect place to have a breakfast or to read a book.	Very close to Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur, appart with balcony.  30sq2 for 2 people. Living room with fully equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom with double bed, bathroom with italian shower Bright fifth floor in a quiet building. Very wlecoming and bright apartment. You'll find everything you need for a comfortable stay (dishwasher, washing machine, TV, Free Wifi...). The balcony is a perfect place to have a breakfast or to read a book. The accommodation is just for you for the duration of your stay. Located in the 5th floor with no elevator in a quiet building. Happy to chat with you and share tips upon arrival, I remain available for questions throughout your stay. Montmartre area overflows with restaurants, bars, shops and uniquely romantic places - and that includes the most breathtaking view over the city from the Sacré Coeur esplanade. Metro : Line 4 - Château-Rouge (3mn walking) Line 12 - Marcadet-Poissonniers (10mn walking) Line 2 - Anvers or Barbès-Rochechouart (7mn walking) Bus : L
30420	I always loved the art district of Montmartre to walk around, shop for designers’ creations, brunch on Sundays in award-winning restaurants. All the conveniences are here for us to enjoy.  So when I found this typical tiny Parisian flat in a famous street of the district where Van Gogh used to live, I decided to make it my own writer studio. At day I write in my Tiny Writer Studio. At night I go out next door to party, or stay home to sleep. My Tiny Writer Studio has been described by former hosts as being the “mo[st] convenient situation, considering location, price.” The neighborhood is bustling with coffee-shops, restaurants, designer shops (jewelry, clothes, interior design)... Some actors, musicians and intellectuals live in the street (rue Lepic) and the Moulin Rouge next door is sometimes broadcasted on TV documentaries.  My Tiny Writer Studio is situated in a secure street. A digicode at the entrance of the building provides extra safety.  The studio is calm. It faces an inside	AIRBNB photographer coming on Sept. 7 => Nicer and up-to date photo coming soon! I write my PhD in my Tiny Writer Studio. Secure and cosy. 15 Sq meters, ideal for 1 person (can sleep 2). In Montmartre, 5 min. from the Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. Wifi. No TV. I always loved the art district of Montmartre to walk around, shop for designers’ creations, brunch on Sundays in award-winning restaurants. All the conveniences are here for us to enjoy.  So when I found this typical tiny Parisian flat in a famous street of the district where Van Gogh used to live, I decided to make it my own writer studio. At day I write in my Tiny Writer Studio. At night I go out next door to party, or stay home to sleep. My Tiny Writer Studio has been described by former hosts as being the “mo[st] convenient situation, considering location, price.” The neighborhood is bustling with coffee-shops, restaurants, designer shops (jewelry, clothes, interior design)... Some actors, musicians and intellectuals live in the 
30421	Brand new and fully renovated ! Cosy and very quiet 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom in the heart of the Abbesses neighbourhood, one of the most beautiful and open minded area in Paris. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place ! Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor : 2nd floor with elevator (1st floor in Europe) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from main floor) Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 35 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing/drying machine, towels, etc. Kitchen all equipped. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A luxury standard convertible couch in the living room : 140 cm x 200 cm. A few steps away from Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge (100 meters away !). Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open ma	Feel the warm and delicate village atmosphere of this apartment in the heart of Montmartre / Les Abbesses village. Less than two minutes from the nearest metro station, this place will please you ! Brand new and fully renovated ! Cosy and very quiet 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom in the heart of the Abbesses neighbourhood, one of the most beautiful and open minded area in Paris. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place ! Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor : 2nd floor with elevator (1st floor in Europe) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from main floor) Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 35 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing/drying machine, towels, etc. Kitchen all equipped. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A luxury standard convertible couch in the living room : 140 cm x 200 cm. A few steps away from Sacré C
30422	Lovely cosy place in Paris Montmartre Sacré Coeur. Ideal for couple. Vous serez séduit par la disposition côté cour qui vous garantit tranquillité et calme. Situé dans Montmartre : le sacré cœur est au-dessus de vous, la place des Abbesses à 300m et le reste de l'histoire tout autour de l' appartement. Les métros et Bus sont proches et un bus passe juste devant pour vous descendre plus bas de la butte. Services :  Linge de maison en cotton. 6 Serviettes de bain en éponge. Shampoing et savon. Sèche-cheveux. Baby-Cook Microwave. Nespresso. Wifi. Paris is always a good idea! I speak french, italian, spanish and english.	Charming place  in Montmartre, with small garden, the perfect place for discovering Paris. Ground floor,  quiet in the middle of Montmartre,  two-minute away from the Sacré Coeur, the perfect little place for a couple!  Size :22m2  See you soon ! Lovely cosy place in Paris Montmartre Sacré Coeur. Ideal for couple. Vous serez séduit par la disposition côté cour qui vous garantit tranquillité et calme. Situé dans Montmartre : le sacré cœur est au-dessus de vous, la place des Abbesses à 300m et le reste de l'histoire tout autour de l' appartement. Les métros et Bus sont proches et un bus passe juste devant pour vous descendre plus bas de la butte. Services :  Linge de maison en cotton. 6 Serviettes de bain en éponge. Shampoing et savon. Sèche-cheveux. Baby-Cook Microwave. Nespresso. Wifi. Paris is always a good idea! I speak french, italian, spanish and english. Total size 22m2
30423		Joli appartement sous Montmartre dans le 18 ème arrondissement de Paris. Situé à Simplon, juste avant les puces de Clignancourt et St-Ouen, l'appartement est idéal pour venir découvrir Paris. Il y a 2 chambres et une petite annexe avec un lit.
30424	"The Apartment  1 kitchen, fully equipped with a view on Montmartre vineyard, and famous cabaret ""Au lapin Agile"". You will find fridge, freezer, oven, micro waves, hot plates, toaster, kettle.  1 double-living room with a great view on a typical Montmartre area (2 double windows and 1 window overlooking the streets and the trees)  1 bathroom (shower) with toilet  2 rooms with a double bed. The room is on the street so I'd rather warn you that it can be a little bit noisy but the double glazing windows are here to help you sleep ! The neighborhood is fantastic and you will find lots of typical Parisian ""bistrot"" (my favorite one : Au Rêve, in front of the apartment where we would probably go to share a meal and a good bottle of wine), bakery, cheese store, restaurant, grocery store, flower shop, convenient store... you will have good wi fi access and you can use the washing machine located on the upper floor"	"I recently moved in this flat. I used to live in the same building before, so you can check other reviews. fully equipped , 70sqm apartment located on the 6th floor (no elevator, I'd rather warn you ;-) fully renovated in August 2014 The Apartment  1 kitchen, fully equipped with a view on Montmartre vineyard, and famous cabaret ""Au lapin Agile"". You will find fridge, freezer, oven, micro waves, hot plates, toaster, kettle.  1 double-living room with a great view on a typical Montmartre area (2 double windows and 1 window overlooking the streets and the trees)  1 bathroom (shower) with toilet  2 rooms with a double bed. The room is on the street so I'd rather warn you that it can be a little bit noisy but the double glazing windows are here to help you sleep ! The neighborhood is fantastic and you will find lots of typical Parisian ""bistrot"" (my favorite one : Au Rêve, in front of the apartment where we would probably go to share a meal and a good bottle of wine), bakery, cheese store, "
30425	Charmant appartement 2 pièces pour un séjour dans la peau d'un parisien. Constitué d'une cuisine, salle de bain, salon et d'une chambre, ce bel appartement est situé proche du métro et des petits commerces alentours. De la promenade au marché aux puces de Clignancourt au shopping de Châtelet 5 stations plus loin, il y en aura pour tous les goûts!	Charmant appartement 2 pièces pour un séjour dans la peau d'un parisien. Charmant appartement 2 pièces pour un séjour dans la peau d'un parisien. Constitué d'une cuisine, salle de bain, salon et d'une chambre, ce bel appartement est situé proche du métro et des petits commerces alentours. De la promenade au marché aux puces de Clignancourt au shopping de Châtelet 5 stations plus loin, il y en aura pour tous les goûts! Notre équipe reste disponible pendant votre séjour pour répondre à vos questions et intervenir en cas de besoin. Montmartre est le lieu le plus visité de Paris et même de France. Ce n’était au départ qu’un petit village surplombant la capitale, il fut vite annexé par la mégalopole tout en gardant son caractère si particulier. Montmartre devait en partie son originalité aux nombreux moulins qui servaient à moudre le grain pour tous les habitants de Paris. Par la suite, grâce à son charme, ses cabarets et ses endroits mystérieux, Montmartre est devenue la place incontournab
30426		Deux-pièces (chambre à coucher+salon+cuisine séparée) lumineux métro Pigalle / Anvers à 5 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur. Proche toutes commodités, commerces, restaurants. Wifi inclus. Draps et serviettes fournis. Metro Anvers ou Pigalle (ligne 2 et 12)
30427	- Location: MONTMARTRE - Metro Place de Clichy (line 2 & 13), direct Bus (line 95) to Opera, the Louvre and St Germain-des-Près/ 5 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge/ Close to any commodities (supermarkets, nice restaurants, bakery, etc.)/ Grocery store just round the corner and open late/ Nice, quiet, safe and arty street/  - The apartment: CLEAN/ 45 sq. meters/ bathroom with shower/ fully equipped kitchen/ washing machine/ 6th floor with no elevator but great sunlight all day / view on the Sacré-Coeur/ wi-fi/ hi-fi/  -Price: 55 euros a night / 360 euros a week -The room: 18 sq. meters/ comfortable double bed/ nicely furnished/  The apartment is close to touristic spots and eclectic nightlife in Montmartre. The Building has a Hausmanian architecture and is nicely kept. I'll be here to welcome you, give you keys and any of the tips you might need about the city. Do not hesitate to contact me or previous guests for more details. 	- Location: MONTMARTRE - Metro Place de Clichy (line 2 & 13), direct Bus (line 95) to Opera, the Louvre and St Germain-des-Près/ 5 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge/ Close to any commodities (supermarkets, nice restaurants, bakery, etc.)/ Grocery store just round the corner and open late/ Nice, quiet, safe and arty street/  - The apartment: CLEAN/ 45 sq. meters/ bathroom with shower/ fully equipped kitchen/ washing machine/ 6th floor with no elevator but great sunlight all day / view on the Sacré-Coeur/ wi-fi/ hi-fi/  -Price: 55 euros a night / 360 euros a week -The room: 18 sq. meters/ comfortable double bed/ nicely furnished/  The apartment is close to touristic spots and eclectic nightlife in Montmartre. The Building has a Hausmanian architecture and is nicely kept. I'll be here to welcome you, give you keys and any of the tips you might need about the city. Do not hesitate to contact me or previous guests for more details. 
30428	Bonjour,  Nous mettons à disposition une agréable chambre dans un appartement de 130m2 à 200 mètres de la butte Montmartre, proche de Pigalle et à 50 mètres du métro Barbes-Rochechouart (ligne 2 & ligne 4). La chambre que nous proposons donne sur la cours intérieur. Elle est directement accessible par une porte secondaire. L'appartement situé au première étage d'un immeuble haussmannien (récemment rénové) possède une cuisine entièrement équipée, un salon, une salle de bain (Douche & Baignoire), une buanderie (machine à laver, sèche linge), un bar. Hi! We'd love you to stay in our apartment located near Montmartre (metro Barbès-Rochechouart, lines 2 and 4). A 5 minutes walk will take you to Sacré Coeur or Pigalle. The apartment is quite large (130m2) and on the first floor of a beautiful Hausmann style building. The room you would be staying in is spacious and has a private entrance. You would be able to enjoy a meal in the big and equiped kitchen, take a shower or a bath in the bathroo	Bonjour,  Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir dans un grand appartement style Art Déco. La chambre que nous mettons à disposition est agréable, spacieuse et accessible via une seconde porte ce qui vous offre une totale liberté. Bonjour,  Nous mettons à disposition une agréable chambre dans un appartement de 130m2 à 200 mètres de la butte Montmartre, proche de Pigalle et à 50 mètres du métro Barbes-Rochechouart (ligne 2 & ligne 4). La chambre que nous proposons donne sur la cours intérieur. Elle est directement accessible par une porte secondaire. L'appartement situé au première étage d'un immeuble haussmannien (récemment rénové) possède une cuisine entièrement équipée, un salon, une salle de bain (Douche & Baignoire), une buanderie (machine à laver, sèche linge), un bar. Hi! We'd love you to stay in our apartment located near Montmartre (metro Barbès-Rochechouart, lines 2 and 4). A 5 minutes walk will take you to Sacré Coeur or Pigalle. The apartment is quite large (130m2) and on the 
30429		Chambre avec balcon (15m2) disponible dans bel appartement hausmannien, idéalement situé (rue Caulaincourt), 110m2, 2 salles de bain, grande cuisine, salon. Idéale pour personne seule ou couple. Nous sommes trois étudiants parisiens en colocation.
30430	12 m2	This is a studio of 12 m2. With a private bathroom and WC. The Sacré Coeur Basilica is a 15 min. on foot. There is a metro station and Velib one minute of the building. The center of Paris (Châtelet) is 15 min. by subway. 12 m2
30431	The Living room is pretty spacious and sunny. The  kitchen opens on the living room and is fully equiped.  The shower and washbasin are in the bedroom. The toilets are separeted. A small TV is installed in the living room and a beamer in the bedroom will allow you to watch movies from the bed.	Our authentic Parisian flat is 5min away from Montmartre, in a lively and multicultural area, with lots of restaurants, trendy bars, market places. We hope its big and sunny living room, cosy bedroom and small balcony will make your stay enjoyable. The Living room is pretty spacious and sunny. The  kitchen opens on the living room and is fully equiped.  The shower and washbasin are in the bedroom. The toilets are separeted. A small TV is installed in the living room and a beamer in the bedroom will allow you to watch movies from the bed. The whole flat is at your disposal and you can use all the household appliances (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, rice cooker, microwave oven). If you stay for a week or longer, we can make some room for your stuffs in our wardrobe. City guides and a compilation of our favorite parisian address wil be at your disposal during your stay, to make sure you enjoy the best spots of the City. We will also be available by phone during your whole stay. In cas
30432	 Welcome to the heart of the Montmartre district , in a comfortable studio comprises: entrance hall , main room , kitchen, separate shower room with toilet ... Recently renovated studio of 21 m² on the 2nd floor , well appointed , fully equipped, courtyard , very quiet and bright .. Large comfortable sofa bed . Kitchen and separate bathroom. Ideal for 2 people.	In the heart of Montmartre , beautiful studio with an area of 21 square meters consisting of: entrance , main room , kitchen, separate shower room with WC... On 2nd floor, very well appointed , fully equipped, courtyard , quiet and bright .. Welcome to the heart of the Montmartre district , in a comfortable studio comprises: entrance hall , main room , kitchen, separate shower room with toilet ... Recently renovated studio of 21 m² on the 2nd floor , well appointed , fully equipped, courtyard , very quiet and bright .. Large comfortable sofa bed . Kitchen and separate bathroom. Ideal for 2 people. • Towels and tea towels • Sheets • TV  • Wifi • Microwave oven & • Washing Machine • sound system • Heating Opportunity to meet and to be present during the stay of travelers. Neighbourhood: Moulin Rouge , Les Deux Moulins, Sacre Coeur , Place du Tertre, Dali Museum , concert halls , cafes, many restaurants ... The area both trendy and historic tourist is undoubtedly one of the most pleasant 
30433	Une grande pièce à vivre avec salon : canapé, fauteuils, table pour manger, avec une cuisine ouverte toute équipée (plaque, frigidaire, four à micro-onde, bouilloire, grille pain, machine à laver, rice cooker etc...) Une salle de bain/WC. Une chambre avec un lit deux places très confortable et un dressing. Une verrière typiquement parisienne sépare les deux pièces, ce qui rend l'appartement très lumineux. Au deuxième étage, pratique pour les valises ! 	Charming parisian flat near Montmartre. Charmant 2 pièces de 30m2, refait à neuf récemment, avec une chambre, une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et une salle de bain/WC, au cœur du 18ème arrondissement de Paris. Proche métros, transport Une grande pièce à vivre avec salon : canapé, fauteuils, table pour manger, avec une cuisine ouverte toute équipée (plaque, frigidaire, four à micro-onde, bouilloire, grille pain, machine à laver, rice cooker etc...) Une salle de bain/WC. Une chambre avec un lit deux places très confortable et un dressing. Une verrière typiquement parisienne sépare les deux pièces, ce qui rend l'appartement très lumineux. Au deuxième étage, pratique pour les valises ! Vous serez comme chez vous dans l'appartement. Tout équipé. Chaine hifi à disposition. wifi Draps et serviettes fournies Parisienne depuis plus de 10 ans, je connais très bien Paris et pourrais vous conseiller si vous le souhaitez. The place to be ! Le quartier le plus incroyable de Paris ! Au c
30434	Logement type haussmannien (33m2) avec deux cheminées, moulures et parquet. Cuisine moderne et tout équipée. Sdb avec WC et douche. Grande chambre de 12m2 avec stores et rideaux occultants. Si vous avez de jeunes enfants le canapé du salon peut faire office de lit d'appoint...	Situé en bas de la butte de Montmartre, ce deux pièces cosy et lumineux dispose d'un séjour/salon, d'une chambre et d'une cuisine aménagée et équipée. Le + : un balcon filant toujours exposés plein soleil ! Logement type haussmannien (33m2) avec deux cheminées, moulures et parquet. Cuisine moderne et tout équipée. Sdb avec WC et douche. Grande chambre de 12m2 avec stores et rideaux occultants. Si vous avez de jeunes enfants le canapé du salon peut faire office de lit d'appoint... Accès à tout le logement avec RESPECT DES LIEUX. Laissez l'endroit tel que vous l'avez trouvez... Situé en bas de la butte de Montmartre, le quartier typiquement parisien et français. Aux beaux jours, les balades dans les rues pavées sont agréables, on peut ensuite déguster une planche fromage ou charcuterie en terrasse et accompagnée d'un air d'accordéon ! Ligne 4 : Arrêt Simplon à 3 minutes. Ligne qui correspond avec toutes les autres lignes, elle dessert les gares Montparnasse, la gare du Nord et la gare de
30435	En bas de votre immeuble, 2 stations de métro, 1 station de taxis, de nombreux bus et velib vous permettent d'accéder partout en ville en moins de 30 mn.	Un appartement de 40 m² au pied de Montmartre, bien situé pour visiter Paris.  En bas de votre immeuble, 2 stations de métro, 1 station de taxis, de nombreux bus et velib vous permettent d'accéder partout en ville en moins de 30 mn. Tous types de commerces à proximité, plusieurs marchés parisiens typiques, des supermarchés, de nombreux restaurants et bars... Votre logement dispose d'un coin repas avec une table à manger et 4 chaises. Un bar avec 4 tabourets ouvre sur le salon où vous trouverez un canapé-lit, des tables basses, une TV écran plat (nombreuses chaînes internationales, C+, Beinsports), un home cinéma, une connexion Wi-Fi. La chambre est aménagée d'un lit double (160*200) et d'un grand placard pour vos vêtements. La salle de bain est accessible par la chambre et le coin repas. Elle se compose d'une douche, d'un lavabo avec miroir et rangements pour divers équipements. Le linge de toilette et de maison sont fournis. La cuisine moderne est entièrement équipée et comprend aussi
30436		A room in a 36 m2 flat in Montmartre, with washing-machine, wifi and cable TV. Only a ten minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur.  I'ld be very happy to show you all the good places in the area!
30437		Bienvenue chez moi ! Je propose trois chambres indépendantes dans un loft lumineux, spacieux et propre dans le centre de Paris, près du Sacré-Coeur et de Pigalle. Des lits confortables, du calme, un appartement tout équipé où vous vous sentirez comme chez vous, mais à Paris !
30438		Studio 23m2, refait à neuf, à quelques pas de Montmartre!  Peut accueillir 2 personnes. Proche métros et commerces. Quartier plein de charme et animé. Immeuble sécurisé (digicode, code ascenseur, gardiens). Calme (vue sur jardin), équipé.
30439	Large apartment of 430 ft² with a large open plan lounge on the kitchen, a separate bedroom to calm on court, with a large bed of 79inx55in, an italian shower. You will find the complete equipment to stay there for several days.	"At few minutes from Montmartre and the Batignolles district, you can also move very easily in Paris with the Metro and Bus just below the apartment and for the sportsmen... the public/share bicycles ""Vélib"". Large apartment of 430 ft² with a large open plan lounge on the kitchen, a separate bedroom to calm on court, with a large bed of 79inx55in, an italian shower. You will find the complete equipment to stay there for several days. The apartment is fully equipped, Nespresso machine with milk, oven, washing machine, TV and Internet very high-speed Wi-Fi. Nothing is missing, you can therefore stay there several days and take all your meals. And in the evening do not hesitate to take a book in the library, contemporary art, French literature you will be able to make a few discoveries ! Do not hesitate before or during your stay of you have any questions, by email and phone if needed ;) Very lively district, close to all the shops, At ten minutes of the Saint-Lazare/ Opera district, twelv"
30440	The place is small but well equipped and optimized. Very cosy.  Fully equiped (just no tv...) - 250 Sqf - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Fully equiped Kitchen: Fridge,Oven,  - WIFI - The bed hides in the ceiling so you can enjoy the whole space during the day... - Extra bed: the sofa bed is a double bed. - BBQ: the small garden has a gas bbq which is a luxury in the heart of Paris, you can seat 6 people! - Bathroom: They were a leak in the bathroom. It's fixed now but I'm waiting for insurance to re do paint and a few tiles. (see pictures) But it's fully functional!! just cosmetic.  - Natural AC: Walls are made of bricks and keep a very cool temperature 	Cosy Studio in the heart of the 18th down the hill of Montmartre, one of the oldest and untouched part of Paris! The place is small but well equipped and optimized. Very cosy.  Fully equiped (just no tv...) - 250 Sqf - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Fully equiped Kitchen: Fridge,Oven,  - WIFI - The bed hides in the ceiling so you can enjoy the whole space during the day... - Extra bed: the sofa bed is a double bed. - BBQ: the small garden has a gas bbq which is a luxury in the heart of Paris, you can seat 6 people! - Bathroom: They were a leak in the bathroom. It's fixed now but I'm waiting for insurance to re do paint and a few tiles. (see pictures) But it's fully functional!! just cosmetic.  - Natural AC: Walls are made of bricks and keep a very cool temperature You will find all the access info once you have reserved. (google map to pick up the keys, codes for wifi and door... ) MAKE SURE TO PRINT THE MAP BEFORE ARRIVING, sometimes people don't have access to the wifi on their phone
30441	"-Please inform in your first message :  arrival & departure date/time. Also train and airport station.  -The studio is Little (12m2) but ideally located and well appointed. It is in the center of Montmartre, not near but in the middle :), near the Sacré Coeur in a nice area, inside a clean quiet building at a raised first floor (Photos are taken near the street). -The studio is also shiny (photos were taken end of afternoon no sun so...) and it just takes 5 minutes to walk to the top of Montmartre hill and enjoy the large view over Paris from the Sacré Coeur Basilica. -If the ""Instant Book"" option is active, don't hesitate to book directly even if I can't reply in the coming hours, I will check. -I'm a musician, I love Paris. I can show you places in Paris or organize a visit tour with a museum guide.  -It is always a great experience for me to meet people from different countries and culture! -Here some details:  12 m2  - wc shower  inside - sofa  (190*140) -  internet cable & Wifi. Y"	"Welcome! -My little charming studio offers the best place for a great journey in a safe and lovely place inside the Montmartre village. Montmartre is definitively where to go for its bohemian atmosphere and the mixity of culture and people. -I apply a supplement for couples so chek the ""number of guest"" box.  -Feel free to ask me for a special reduction price because I am not a ""money maker"". I  can understand if it out of your budget. I am doing airbnb only to afford my credit charge. -Please inform in your first message :  arrival & departure date/time. Also train and airport station.  -The studio is Little (12m2) but ideally located and well appointed. It is in the center of Montmartre, not near but in the middle :), near the Sacré Coeur in a nice area, inside a clean quiet building at a raised first floor (Photos are taken near the street). -The studio is also shiny (photos were taken end of afternoon no sun so...) and it just takes 5 minutes to walk to the top of Montmartre hill a"
30442	J'ai conçu moi même cet appartement. Il ne ressemble donc pas à un autre. À la fois calme, lumineux, pratique, cosy et hétéroclite. Il y fait bon vivre pour un séjour en amoureux ou un passage business. C'est l'appartement où je vis, pas une chambre d'hôtel déguisée, vous y trouverez donc de la vie. Un enfant peut éventuellement dormir sur le grand canapé du salon.   Les lignes 2 et 4 se trouvent à 30 secondes à pied.  La ligne 12 (Abbesses ou Pigalles) n'est pas très loin.  Tous Paris est accessible à pied ou à métro en peu de temps:  -Sacré coeur (4min à pied), le Moulin Rouge (10 min à pied), le marché Saint Pierre (2min à pied).  -Gare du Nord (à 1 station de métro direct ou 5 mns à pied), Gare de l’est (direct en métro à 2 stations), Grands Magasins/ Galeries Lafayettes (direct en métro par ligne 7), Notre Dame (direct en métro), Saint Germain des Près (direct en métro), Étoile champs Elysée (direct en métro), Eiffel Tour (métro : 1 changement), et beaucoup d'autres endroits. A ki	I speak english. 2 pièces, chaleureux et calme, avec verrière d'atelier. Idéalement situé à 30 secondes du métro face au célèbre Louxor et à 2 pas de Montmartre. J'ai conçu moi même cet appartement. Il ne ressemble donc pas à un autre. À la fois calme, lumineux, pratique, cosy et hétéroclite. Il y fait bon vivre pour un séjour en amoureux ou un passage business. C'est l'appartement où je vis, pas une chambre d'hôtel déguisée, vous y trouverez donc de la vie. Un enfant peut éventuellement dormir sur le grand canapé du salon.   Les lignes 2 et 4 se trouvent à 30 secondes à pied.  La ligne 12 (Abbesses ou Pigalles) n'est pas très loin.  Tous Paris est accessible à pied ou à métro en peu de temps:  -Sacré coeur (4min à pied), le Moulin Rouge (10 min à pied), le marché Saint Pierre (2min à pied).  -Gare du Nord (à 1 station de métro direct ou 5 mns à pied), Gare de l’est (direct en métro à 2 stations), Grands Magasins/ Galeries Lafayettes (direct en métro par ligne 7), Notre Dame (direct en
30443		Appartement contemporain de 30m2, situé dans le 18ième arrondissement. Très ensoleillé. Proche de toutes commodités. Stations Simplon (ligne4) ou Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). Idéal pour un couple !
30444	Appartement décoré de façon originale ayant préservé le charme de l'ancien. Beaux meubles, nombreux instruments de musique à disposition (piano, batterie, clavier électronique). Salle de bain avec très grande baignoire, au 4 ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien de 1882, bourgeois et bien entretenu. Pour amateurs de belles choses et de plaisir de vivre. Lieu atypique. 	    Sunny typical parisian flat with parquet floor, moulding ceilings, marble fireplace and mirrors. Ancient furnitures and very original decoration. Snug, cool and musical atmosphere. On the 4 th floor of a comfortable haussmannian building (1882).      Independant Flat for 5 adults and one tot (between 2 and 4) with: 1 double bed (140 cm) in the drawning room ( with orange, lemon and mirror), and 2 independant rooms: -1 double bed (120cm) in the green bedroom -1 single bed (90) in the pink bedroom + a little matress for a tot in the micro blue room, +  dining room, kitchen, bathroom, toilets. I will try to answer your questions, help and guide you the best I can. I leave you the entire use of my flat but I can quickly pass home in daytime to take clothes, books or to bath... ( allways telling you by advance when)    Near Montmartre and the Puces de St Ouen/Porte de Clignancourt, a big open market with fresh fruits and vegetables three times a week, supermarket, bar tabac, all at the 
30445	L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et salle de bains séparée. Même si l'appartement est de taille idéale pour un couple, il peut convenir également à une famille avec un enfant, ou 3  personnes pour un week end parisien ! Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 canapé-lit convertible (draps et linge de maison fournis) pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.  - 1 vrai matelas pour une place  en plus.  - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec une grande baignoire, un porte-serviettes chauffant, un sèche-cheveux, une machine à laver et des rangements - 1 cuisine équipée ouverte sur la pièce principale : réfrigérateur, plaques céramiques, micro-ondes, mini four, cafetière à dosettes, bouilloire, fournitures (casseroles, poêles, torchons, liquide vaisselle, etc.) et vaisselle (assiettes, verres, tasses, couverts, etc.).  - Café, thés et chocolat à disposition ! Possibilité d'installer un lit pour bébé sur deman	Charmant studio à 150m du métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt ! Au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, dans une déco rétro et contemporaine ;) et proche de toutes commodités, vous serez parfaitement installé seul ou en couple ! L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et salle de bains séparée. Même si l'appartement est de taille idéale pour un couple, il peut convenir également à une famille avec un enfant, ou 3  personnes pour un week end parisien ! Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 canapé-lit convertible (draps et linge de maison fournis) pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.  - 1 vrai matelas pour une place  en plus.  - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec une grande baignoire, un porte-serviettes chauffant, un sèche-cheveux, une machine à laver et des rangements - 1 cuisine équipée ouverte sur la pièce principale : réfrigérateur, plaques céramiques, micro-ondes, mini four, cafetière à doset
30446	Mon appartement est calme situé au coeur d'un quartier vivant et bien desservi en bus et métro et où l'on peut trouver aussi bien des marchés et des commerces de tous styles que des restaurants variés, des théâtres ou des cinémas. Je suis à 1/4 d'heure à pied du sacre coeur,  de la place Clichy et du marché aux puces.	Deux pièces avec cuisine et salle de bain refaites à neuf et équipées .  Une chambre double; salon lumineux et spacieux avec un canapé lit et table pour les repas. Mon appartement est calme situé au coeur d'un quartier vivant et bien desservi en bus et métro et où l'on peut trouver aussi bien des marchés et des commerces de tous styles que des restaurants variés, des théâtres ou des cinémas. Je suis à 1/4 d'heure à pied du sacre coeur,  de la place Clichy et du marché aux puces. les voyageurs peuvent utiliser tout ce qui est à leur disposition dans le logement à condition que tout soit dans l'état dans lequel ils l'ont trouvé quand ils repartent. Je vous accueillerai lors de votre arrivée pour vous remettre les clés et vous présenter les bonnes adresses du quartier
30447	Dans le cœur du quartier de Montmartre, notre charmant appartement vous attend, en couple (s) et entre amis, pour vous faire pleinement profiter des plaisirs romantiques, culturels et gastronomiques de Paris ainsi que de sa vie nocturne. Lumineux et récemment rénové (2013), notre 2 pièces de 41m² situé au 3ème étage, vous permettra de profiter d’une grande et conviviale pièce à vivre vous permettant de vous relaxer au retour de journée de balade, de préparer vos prochaines visites/resto grâce à l’accès Wifi et de déguster vos repas sur une grande table à manger réalisée par nos soins dans un « style » Dubuffet (6 à 8 personnes). Notre appartement se compose également d’une chambre à coucher, d’une salle de bain et d’une cuisine ouverte, tout équipée (même de livres de recettes !) pour réaliser vos recettes préférées en rentrant du marché permanent (fromager, boucher, poissonnier, primeur, boulanger) situé à 3 minutes à pied.	 Dans le cœur du quartier de Montmartre, notre charmant appartement vous attend, en couple (s) et entre amis, pour vous faire pleinement profiter des plaisirs romantiques, culturels et gastronomiques de Paris ainsi que de sa vie nocturne. Lumineux et récemment rénové (2013), notre 2 pièces de 41m² situé au 3ème étage, vous permettra de profiter d’une grande et conviviale pièce à vivre vous permettant de vous relaxer au retour de journée de balade, de préparer vos prochaines visites/resto grâce à l’accès Wifi et de déguster vos repas sur une grande table à manger réalisée par nos soins dans un « style » Dubuffet (6 à 8 personnes). Notre appartement se compose également d’une chambre à coucher, d’une salle de bain et d’une cuisine ouverte, tout équipée (même de livres de recettes !) pour réaliser vos recettes préférées en rentrant du marché permanent (fromager, boucher, poissonnier, primeur, boulanger) situé à 3 minutes à pied. Sa situation vous offre de multiples facilités de transport,
30448	La situation de cet appartement est exceptionnelle : en plein coeur du village de Montmartre dans une rue typique et très calme. Accès sécurisé par digicode. Appartement de 36m2. Couchage : 1 lit double 140x2OO dans la chambre + 1 canapé-lit 140x200 + lit 70x200 Cuisine équipée : Four micro-onde, cuisinière électrique + four, réfrigérateur,grille-pain, cafetière...	La situation de cet appartement est exceptionnelle : en plein coeur du village de Montmartre dans une rue typique et très calme. Accès sécurisé par digicode. Appartement de 36m2. Couchage : 1 lit double 140x2OO dans la chambre + 1 canapé-lit 140x200 + lit 70x200 Cuisine équipée : Four micro-onde, cuisinière électrique + four, réfrigérateur,grille-pain, cafetière... Nous habitons dans l'immeuble et serons à votre disposition pour tout renseignement. Le quartier offre un grand choix de restaurants. Une épicerie typique se trouve au rez de chaussée de l'immeuble. Forfait ménage possible : 50€ Location linge possible : draps : 10€ par lit serviette : 3€/pce
30449	My appartment is perfect for a couple or a family because it's really cozy and you can spend a lot of time in it when you get tired of enjoying Paris. I like to feel confortable at home so I have made it really enjoyable. You can listen to music and read in the couch or in the window while you appreciate the view (you can even see the top of the Sacre Coeur church !). The kitchen is fully equiped and you can have some romantic or family diners (you can cook something tasty if you don't feel like spending a lot of money in a restaurant).	It's a really beautiful appartment in the 18th arrondissement. You'll have the metro lines 4 and 12 and a really good neighborhood to walk around (it's just 10 min by foot from the Sacre Coeur church). The view from the window is also really good. My appartment is perfect for a couple or a family because it's really cozy and you can spend a lot of time in it when you get tired of enjoying Paris. I like to feel confortable at home so I have made it really enjoyable. You can listen to music and read in the couch or in the window while you appreciate the view (you can even see the top of the Sacre Coeur church !). The kitchen is fully equiped and you can have some romantic or family diners (you can cook something tasty if you don't feel like spending a lot of money in a restaurant). You will have access to the internet and to all my kitchen equipment and laundry machine. I won't interact with you because I will go to my country for the holidays but you'll get to know one of my good friend
30450	The apartment is at the heart of Montmartre, a very charming area in Paris. It is also located in a peaceful area (pedestrian street), steps away from the Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, fancy bars, museums, parks.	"This 2 bedroom apartment (60m2), ideal for 4 or 5 people (+baby possible), is located in the heart of Montmartre at the fourth and last floor of an 19th century building (no elevator), just steps away from the Sacré Cœur. The metro ""abbesses"" is at 40 meters. The apartment is at the heart of Montmartre, a very charming area in Paris. It is also located in a peaceful area (pedestrian street), steps away from the Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, fancy bars, museums, parks. The apartment is steps away from the subway (abbesses, line 12) that will take you in different parts of Paris. In the apartment, visitors will enjoy design furnitures, access to wifi and tv and to lots of books they are read. I welcome guests on their first day and am available during their stay to help them and answer questions they may have. I was born in Paris and know very well the city so I can suggest restaurants, bars and places that are usually unknown by tourists and are great to discover. The Montmartre/Abbesses a"
30451	Apartment located in Montmartre, in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. The apartment has an entrance hall, a functional kitchen, a bathroom. The main room is a very bright room. Especially, the apartment has a balcony (sunny in the afternoon) where you can eat overlooking the Chateau d'eau of Montmartre. The street is very quiet, with a small café open during the day, a very good bakery. In the streets around there is a food market (Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday), small supermarkets, cafes and restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. The apartment is located next to two metro station (line 4 - stop Simplon, and Line 12 - Stop Jules Joffrin) that are central and serve the most important stations of Paris. (Opera: 15 minutes, 20 minutes Georges Pompidou, Luxembourg Garden  25 minutes ...). You also have a Velib station ' (bike rental stations of the city of Paris) for 2 minutes. The apartment has all the features needed : internet, washing machine, elevator in the building ..	Apartment located in Montmartre, in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. The apartment has an entrance hall, a functional kitchen, a bathroom. The main room is a very bright room. Especially, the apartment has a balcony (sunny in the afternoon) where you can eat overlooking the Chateau d'eau of Montmartre. The street is very quiet, with a small café open during the day, a very good bakery. In the streets around there is a food market (Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday), small supermarkets, cafes and restaurants. Just 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. The apartment is located next to two metro station (line 4 - stop Simplon, and Line 12 - Stop Jules Joffrin) that are central and serve the most important stations of Paris. (Opera: 15 minutes, 20 minutes Georges Pompidou, Luxembourg Garden  25 minutes ...). You also have a Velib station ' (bike rental stations of the city of Paris) for 2 minutes. The apartment has all the features needed : internet, washing machine, elevator in the building ..
30452	A charming place with an ideal location Montmartre, closed from le sacré coeur, le moulin rouge. The flat is confortable and has been totally renovated. It's calm place closed from restaurants, shops, bars...	A charming place with an ideal location Montmartre, closed from le sacré coeur, le moulin rouge. The flat is confortable and has been totally renovated. It's calm place closed from restaurants, shops, bars... There is no restriction . The apartment is non smoking except in the kitchen Subway :  L12 : station abesses L2 : station Pigalle or Blance L13 : station Place de clichy + 10 min walk
30453	This cozy studio apartment (20m2/215ft2) is in a typical Montmartre building and is decorated with antiques and original photography. It has everything you need to make your stay comfortable, including: a new double bed and a single pull-out bed (also with quality mattress), equipped independent kitchen, bathroom with shower, linens, DVD/BlueRay player, TV with international cable channels, free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to over 90 countries, including France, the US and Canada (landlines and cell numbers), all EU countries, Australia, South Africa, China and many more (landlines only). On a quiet street in the heart of Montmartre above a neighborhood bakery (fresh croissants, baguettes and pastries are just down the stairs), the apartment is only steps away from the Sacré Coeur and a short walk from Montmartre's many attractions. The neighborhood is replete with boutiques, galleries, cafes, restaurants, music night spots and theaters as well as all th	A cosy apartment perfect for a couple or three guests. Above a neighborhood bakery in the heart of Montmartre, just a few steps from the Sacre Coeur, it's well equipped, decorated with antiques, original photography &  has lots of useful information. This cozy studio apartment (20m2/215ft2) is in a typical Montmartre building and is decorated with antiques and original photography. It has everything you need to make your stay comfortable, including: a new double bed and a single pull-out bed (also with quality mattress), equipped independent kitchen, bathroom with shower, linens, DVD/BlueRay player, TV with international cable channels, free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to over 90 countries, including France, the US and Canada (landlines and cell numbers), all EU countries, Australia, South Africa, China and many more (landlines only). On a quiet street in the heart of Montmartre above a neighborhood bakery (fresh croissants, baguettes and pastries are ju
30454		Chambre privée de 20 m² dans un appartement de type Haussmanien de 65m² situé dans une rue calme à 10mn à pieds de Montmartre et Pigalle et à 5mn des Batignolles. Station de métro & Vélib à 1mn.  Commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité.  
30455		Grand appartement de 120m2, 4 chambres, terrasse avec jacuzzi et une autre  plein sud de 450m2 avec douche solaire, ping pong, barbecue, etc... Lieu très atypique et très calme... Un séjour inoubliable garanti! Vous serez séduit par la rue du Poteau avec tous ses commerces (primeur, excellent fromager, super boulangeries, caviste, boucher, magasin bio, Monoprix, etc) et aussi plein de brasseries, restos, cafés très chouettes avec une mention spéciale pour 'le Bistrot de la Renaissance' resté tel quel depuis 1920 et où de nombreux tournages ont lieu dont 'Inglorious Bastards' de Tarantino! Bref, c'est un très agréable quartier, typique de Montmarte. En raison de la grande taille de l'appartement et de la terrasse, la préparation (lits, ménage, rangement) est très longue donc la location est au minimum pour 2 nuits. Le linge de lit et les serviettes de bain sont fournis. Le vendredi, l'arrivée n'est possible qu'à partir de 18h45 mais en compensation le départ du dimanche peut être repous
30456	L'appartement lumineux (deux balcons) et spacieux se trouve au 4e étage (ascenseur) d'un immeuble très bien entretenu et calme. Proche des stations de métro Château rouge (5minutes), Barbès-Rochechouart (5minutes), La Chapelle (10minutes), il est situé dans une rue calme du quartier cosmopolite et animé de la goutte d'or. Le balcon de la chambre offre une jolie vue sur le Sacré coeur que vous pourrez rejoindre à pied en un petit quart d'heure. Une boulangerie se trouve en bas de la rue ainsi que plusieurs supermarchés, une Amap, des restaurants, cafés, cinéma (Louxor à 5 minutes à pied). Nous laissons à disposition une liste de nos adresses préférées du quartier (restaurants, bars, lieux culturels). Chambre de 17m2. Un lit deux places de 140x200cm (la literie est mise à disposition). Un bureau, deux lampes halogènes, deux tables de chevet. Un balcon avec vue sur le Sacré Coeur. La chambre est très lumineuse, ensoleillée le matin, parfaitement isolée (nuits calmes). Une bibliothèque est	L'appartement lumineux (deux balcons) et spacieux se trouve au 4e étage (ascenseur) d'un immeuble très bien entretenu et calme. Proche des stations de métro Château rouge (5minutes), Barbès-Rochechouart (5minutes), La Chapelle (10minutes), il est situé dans une rue calme du quartier cosmopolite et animé de la goutte d'or. Le balcon de la chambre offre une jolie vue sur le Sacré coeur que vous pourrez rejoindre à pied en un petit quart d'heure. Une boulangerie se trouve en bas de la rue ainsi que plusieurs supermarchés, une Amap, des restaurants, cafés, cinéma (Louxor à 5 minutes à pied). Nous laissons à disposition une liste de nos adresses préférées du quartier (restaurants, bars, lieux culturels). Chambre de 17m2. Un lit deux places de 140x200cm (la literie est mise à disposition). Un bureau, deux lampes halogènes, deux tables de chevet. Un balcon avec vue sur le Sacré Coeur. La chambre est très lumineuse, ensoleillée le matin, parfaitement isolée (nuits calmes). Une bibliothèque est
30457	La vue sur le Sacré-Coeur illuminé la nuit en fait un coup de coeur. Vous êtes à 1/4H du sommet de Montmartre. Par la ligne 4, il faut 15 mn pour aller aux Halles et dans le Marais, 20 mn pour aller à St Germain des Prés. Les commerces sont à proximité. La rue est très tranquille. Les Puces de Clignancopurt sont à 2 pas pour la promenade du dimanche. 	Appartement de 38 m2 rénové, repeint il y a 1 an. Immeuble Art Nouveau. Parquet, moulures et cheminées. Kitchenette avec plaques à induction, micro-ondes, LV et LL. SDB baignoire+ douche. Salon avec clic clac. Chambre lit double, TV murale . La vue sur le Sacré-Coeur illuminé la nuit en fait un coup de coeur. Vous êtes à 1/4H du sommet de Montmartre. Par la ligne 4, il faut 15 mn pour aller aux Halles et dans le Marais, 20 mn pour aller à St Germain des Prés. Les commerces sont à proximité. La rue est très tranquille. Les Puces de Clignancopurt sont à 2 pas pour la promenade du dimanche. La totalité de l'appartement est à votre disposition. Je suis toujours joignable par email. Le quartier est tranquille, bien qu'il soit à la lisière de la Goutte d'OR. La rue du Simplon a été investie par les Serbes (Eglise orthodoxe, commerces et restaurants) Il y a un grand parking payant dans la rue de Clignancourt. Au mois d'août le parking est gratuit dans la rue. Le métro est au bout de la rue.
30458	It is a charming two rooms apartement located north of the hillock Montmartre, very clean and maintained well. It lays out of a room with a 2 places bed , an office and storages  (some will be emptied so that you can stored your clothes). In the living room, the settee being convertible, it makes it possible to two other people to comfortably sleep. The bathroom comprises a shower and toilets (renovated in 2015!) The kitchen will enable you to prepare your meals. I know that when you're visiting a city,eating to the restaurant every day quickly costs very much!	Welcome at home!! Come to discover Paris in a nice  two rooms flat  located in the district of Jules Joffrin /Nord of Montmatre  floor. In a pretty building, accessible by 2 underground lines (4 and 12) and by various bus lines . It is a charming two rooms apartement located north of the hillock Montmartre, very clean and maintained well. It lays out of a room with a 2 places bed , an office and storages  (some will be emptied so that you can stored your clothes). In the living room, the settee being convertible, it makes it possible to two other people to comfortably sleep. The bathroom comprises a shower and toilets (renovated in 2015!) The kitchen will enable you to prepare your meals. I know that when you're visiting a city,eating to the restaurant every day quickly costs very much! You will have access to  all the equipmentsof the apartment: ovens, hotplates, fridge, Dishes, Internet with or without wire, washing machine, etc... You will on the spot find a small booklet with some 
30459	Studio at one street away from the best area in PARIS. Completely renovated. (little entrance with closet and separated toilet and main room overlooking courtyard with little kitchenette and bathroom) We will take care of your happiness! We are very available, the studio is completely renovated and very very cute it is perfect for couple. We always put some fresh flowers candle. We are sure you will love it. We are 30 years old we love get out in Paris we will give you the best address! Entire We will be very happy to have you in Paris and make you love it! I guess you all heard about Montmartre area! It is really the most charming area in PARIS with all the best crêperie, boulangerie, little coffee and good restaurant. You can walk on all the little old street going to the Basilica. Its is the best area to get out Paris by night. The subway is very close of the apartment so you can visit Paris very easily. The subway is very close of the apartment so you can visit Paris very easily. T	Studio at one street away from the best area in PARIS. Completely renovated. (little entrance with closet and separated toilet and main room overlooking courtyard with little kitchenette and bathroom) We will take care of your happiness!
30460	The flat is suitable for a couple or a couple with one child. The bedroom is currently furnished with double bed (convertible sofa).  However, it can be easily transformed into a child's bedroom as a child's bed is available to guests. The living room has a large sofa, which can also be converted into a double bed. The apartment can accommodate up to 3 people.  The small kitchen is fully equipped with all the essentials for your stay (hob, combo microwave, kettle toaster, juicer, fridge). A washing machine is also at your disposal. The bathroom has a bathtub.  It is available from 25th July 2015 – 29th August.	A cosy flat perfectly suited to a couple or family with a young child. Located at the foot of one of Paris' most iconic monuments - the Sacré-Coeur - in Montmartre. A fabulous spot surrounded by many restaurants, delis, cool bars and nightspots. The flat is suitable for a couple or a couple with one child. The bedroom is currently furnished with double bed (convertible sofa).  However, it can be easily transformed into a child's bedroom as a child's bed is available to guests. The living room has a large sofa, which can also be converted into a double bed. The apartment can accommodate up to 3 people.  The small kitchen is fully equipped with all the essentials for your stay (hob, combo microwave, kettle toaster, juicer, fridge). A washing machine is also at your disposal. The bathroom has a bathtub.  It is available from 25th July 2015 – 29th August. Guests have access to all areas of the apartment. I am reachable by telephone or by email throughout the duration of your stay. It is a 
30461		jolie appartement situé dans le 18ème à 2 pas de Montmarte. Grande pièce à vivre cuisine équipé, wifi télé, l'appartement est refait à neuf. 3ème étage avec ascenseur  lumineux avec un balcon filant  à 50 m du métro GUY MOQUET ligne 13
30462	Really charming and typical Parisian flat of 27m2 with a separated double bedroom, a living room a full furnished kitchen and a brand new bathroom ! 	"Really typical Parisian flat of 27m2 with separated double bedroom The apartment is also conveniently located 2 minutes away from bus stops on Notting Hill Gate with the 390, 94 and 148 bus rides to Oxford Circus taking 20 minutes or less.  Really charming and typical Parisian flat of 27m2 with a separated double bedroom, a living room a full furnished kitchen and a brand new bathroom !  The guests will have a complete access to the flat. I will not stayed in the flat. I work really close from the flat, so I can be totally free in case of emergency or if you need help for something .  Anyway, I am always available on my email or phone. Moreover, giving some touristic advice will be a pleasure as the area is really charming. The flat is situated in a really charming and romantic area !  It is at 5 min from the well known ""Montmartre"" and take place in the famous ""rue du Poteau"".  Here you will find many supermarkets, typical french markets and flower markets with the best food products "
30463	Our way of living : Open minded, music, cinema, long debates about evreything, fun, fresh and friendly collocation.	Great view on the Sacré Cœur, 1 room or 2 if needed inside a 30th years old roomies. 1 balcony, 1 garden (yeah !!! In Paris !!) in a cosmopolite district. Attention : the flat won't be rent empty. Our way of living : Open minded, music, cinema, long debates about evreything, fun, fresh and friendly collocation. We let you on of our room. 2 if it's need and available. Don't hesitate to ask ! We love and enjoy our City and we'll be pleased to advice you on what to do and where to do behind your interests... Popular, cosmopolite quarter, underground culture... Near by the 104, La Villette...Direct by subway to Pigalle, Abbesses and Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). Métro Marx Dormoy. Bus 65, 60 et 35.  10 minutes by walk from métro Porte de la Chapelle or Marcadet.  15 minutes by walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar and Thallys station). We own a cuddly and not shy small cat... Our personal-living-room-tiger named Cesar.
30464	Duplex of 110m2 with an access to the roof of Paris where you can find a patio of 50m2 facing the sun all day long. The flat is located in a private residency composed of several accommodation. The place is very safe and calm. You’ll be impress by the calm and the verdant space in the residency. It’s so comfortable.  This nice place take profit of all advantages of Montmartre: Calm, tranquility, Artistic mood, verdant without forgetting the heights of Montmartre and its nice view. In fact the flat offer you the most amazing view of Paris. The patio face the perfect side and you’ll get a 360° view. Do not hesitate to have a breakfast, a brunch, a coffee or to eat on the patio in front of Paris.  The flat is composed of 1 floor and the patio with the roof. On the ground floor, just after the entry you have the biggest room. This bright living room (Thanks to a big glass wall) has one huge sofa which can welcome 8 persons. The sofa is facing a big shelf with a HQ TV. At the same roof you 	Incredible bright flat in a private residency. The flat has a 360° view of Paris thanks to a patio of 50 square meters on the roof. It also take an advantage of the artistic and creative side which characterize Montmartre. Ideal for couples. Duplex of 110m2 with an access to the roof of Paris where you can find a patio of 50m2 facing the sun all day long. The flat is located in a private residency composed of several accommodation. The place is very safe and calm. You’ll be impress by the calm and the verdant space in the residency. It’s so comfortable.  This nice place take profit of all advantages of Montmartre: Calm, tranquility, Artistic mood, verdant without forgetting the heights of Montmartre and its nice view. In fact the flat offer you the most amazing view of Paris. The patio face the perfect side and you’ll get a 360° view. Do not hesitate to have a breakfast, a brunch, a coffee or to eat on the patio in front of Paris.  The flat is composed of 1 floor and the patio with the
30465	Appartement lumineux au 5ème étage sans ascenceur composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une salle de bain et d'une kitchenette.  Connexion internet WIFI gratuite.  Draps et serviettes fournis.	Appartement lumineux, situé à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. 30 m2 Metro à 2 minutes à pied. Chambre avec grand lit, salle de bain, salon et kitchenette. Appartement lumineux au 5ème étage sans ascenceur composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une salle de bain et d'une kitchenette.  Connexion internet WIFI gratuite.  Draps et serviettes fournis. 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, des Abbesses ou de la place de Clichy.  Paris Centre = 15 minutes environ (métro). Transports Métro ligne 12 Jules Joffrin  Métro ligne 4 Marcadet Poissonniers Aéroports  Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle  55 Minutes RER/METRO - RER B Gare du Nord - Ligne 4 arrêt Marcadet Poissonniers 40 Minutes taxis Orly  01h10 BUS / METRO  - Orlybus direction Denfert Rochereau - Ligne 4 Marcadet Poissonniers. Quartier très agréable et animé, rues commerçantes à proximité.
30466	It has a living room with a large sofa, a dining table, and WiFi in all the apartment. The kitchen includes a small refrigerator, Nespresso Coffee machine, a microwave oven, a washer. The bedroom has a queen size bed. The bathroom offers a lightly shower. The house style: white walls, wooden floor, very clean, lot of light, one chimney. The house is located in a very quiet and peaceful  district, 200 meters from Pigalle, 500 m from Sacré Coeur and Montmartre. 	A very charming place in Paris, vintage parisian design. It is a cosy and quiet apartment, 1st floor (no elevator), in a pretty private building, view on a pretty courtyard. Perfect for a nice week-end in Paris. It has a living room with a large sofa, a dining table, and WiFi in all the apartment. The kitchen includes a small refrigerator, Nespresso Coffee machine, a microwave oven, a washer. The bedroom has a queen size bed. The bathroom offers a lightly shower. The house style: white walls, wooden floor, very clean, lot of light, one chimney. The house is located in a very quiet and peaceful  district, 200 meters from Pigalle, 500 m from Sacré Coeur and Montmartre. Neighborhood is really sweet and friendly !  This apartement is near subway lines (2 and 12) and buses or bicycles for rent. The nearest subway station is Pigalle or Blanche.
30467	Come to discover an exceptional apartment located at the Butte Montmartre, that offers you a panoramic view of Paris and its momuments. Arranged as an artist workshop, and with a big private balcony, you would enjoy having pleasant lunchs in family. It is made of two beautifull bedrooms, a mezzanine, a big living room with a sofa-bed, a bathroom and a fully furnished kitchen, and it is apt for 7 people. We propose you a dream stay in this incredible parisien apartment.	Incredible apartment with panoramic balcony! Come to discover an exceptional apartment located at the Butte Montmartre, that offers you a panoramic view of Paris and its momuments. Arranged as an artist workshop, and with a big private balcony, you would enjoy having pleasant lunchs in family. It is made of two beautifull bedrooms, a mezzanine, a big living room with a sofa-bed, a bathroom and a fully furnished kitchen, and it is apt for 7 people. We propose you a dream stay in this incredible parisien apartment. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montm
30468		36 m2 flat in Montmartre, with washing-machine, wifi and cable TV. Only a ten minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur!
30469	The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed, an open kitchen, a bedroom with a large bed (160 cm), a bathroom and an independant restroom. Ideal for 2 people, but possible for 3. - Internet connection Wi-Fi, TV, DVD - Fully equipped kitchen: electric hob, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, microwave, oven - Washing machine, hairdryer, iron, ironing board ...	Very nice one bedroom apartment, sunny and extremely well located in the heart of Montmartre between the Sacré Coeur and the Place des Abbesses. The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed, an open kitchen, a bedroom with a large bed (160 cm), a bathroom and an independant restroom. Ideal for 2 people, but possible for 3. - Internet connection Wi-Fi, TV, DVD - Fully equipped kitchen: electric hob, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, microwave, oven - Washing machine, hairdryer, iron, ironing board ... Abbesse district is one of the most popular with its charming cafes, delicious restaurants and legendary cabarets like Moulin Rouge, Chez Michou... Montmartre is also known for its tourist attraction like the Sacred Heart Church, the Place du Tertre and also cultural place like Dali Museum or Bateau Lavoir... In addition, a lot of nice store for shopping and typical market for food! The best bakeries are around. Meats, cheese and other wine stores of rue des Abbesses or rue Lepic will make
30470	Charmant studio lumineux au pied de Montmartre, entièrement  rénové en juin 2014. Ce studio sur cour, au  3ème étage avec ascenseur,  exposé sud-ouest,  vous garantit des nuits calmes. Situé à 2 minutes de la station de métro Jules-Joffrin (Ligne 12), sa situation vous permet de profiter tout à la fois de l'animation de la Butte Montmartre toute proche et très bien desservi par les transports en commun vous permet d'atteindre tous les quartiers touristiques de Paris en un clin d'oeil Habitant à proximité, je suis à votre écoute pour toute assistance que vous souhaiteriez ou pour partager avec vous bien volontiers des secrets de bonnes adresses dans le quartier ou dans Paris tout entier. 	Charmant studio lumineux au pied de Montmartre, entièrement  rénové en juin 2014. Ce studio sur cour, au  3ème étage avec ascenseur,  exposé sud-ouest,  vous garantit des nuits calmes. Situé à 2 minutes de la station de métro Jules-Joffrin (Ligne 12), sa situation vous permet de profiter tout à la fois de l'animation de la Butte Montmartre toute proche et très bien desservi par les transports en commun vous permet d'atteindre tous les quartiers touristiques de Paris en un clin d'oeil Habitant à proximité, je suis à votre écoute pour toute assistance que vous souhaiteriez ou pour partager avec vous bien volontiers des secrets de bonnes adresses dans le quartier ou dans Paris tout entier. Le quartier est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. A proximité immédiate:  -Lignes de métro 12 et 4 -Lignes de bus (phone number hidden) et Montmartrobus. Stations de taxis de  Velib et d'Autolib. heures d'arrivée et de départ modulables Quartier  Montmartre Mairie du 18ème proche de rues 
30471	This apartment is ideal for two people. It comprises an entrance, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, electric rings, fridge, crockery, toaster...), a shower, WC, and a washing machine.  A very quiet room with a comfortable and spacious double bed. A living room with a comfortable sofa bed, a TV with a lot of channels, a projector and more than 500 dvds! WIFI. Of course we provide clean sheets and towels.	Beautiful 40 Sq m apartment, typical Parisian.  It includes two spacious rooms and it is situated in the first floor of an Haussmannian building, 10 minutes from Montmartre. Metro station Simplon (line 4) or Jules Joffrin (line 12). This apartment is ideal for two people. It comprises an entrance, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, electric rings, fridge, crockery, toaster...), a shower, WC, and a washing machine.  A very quiet room with a comfortable and spacious double bed. A living room with a comfortable sofa bed, a TV with a lot of channels, a projector and more than 500 dvds! WIFI. Of course we provide clean sheets and towels. You will have access to the whole apartment, we will give you the keys and it will be our pleasure to show you around the place. We are very flexible for the handing of the keys. We will be there to give you the keys and make a quick visit but we let the apartment during the whole stay.  Of course we will always be reachable in case of question or problem. The
30472	I shall provide you with the good plans to pay transport cheaper, and the addresses of some nice restaurants, trendy bars, and the Parisian inescapable(major) places	T2 of 35m ², bright and pleasant. Close to any businesses, in mins 10 of the Sacred Heart on foot and in mins 15 of the center of Paris in subway. 2 subway lines (12 and 4) (website hidden)(kitchen), bathroom, lounge(show), room(chamber). Comfortab I shall provide you with the good plans to pay transport cheaper, and the addresses of some nice restaurants, trendy bars, and the Parisian inescapable(major) places all Gone on holiday, I would not be on site, but I would remain at your disposal by e-mails during your stay, and would have on-the-spot contacts in Paris if problem there is. Dynamic, young and alive district, close to Montmartre and to these paved side streets. Multiple businesses in the surroundings. Close to the channel(canal) of Ourcq and to the market of the Olive! Place very pleasant to live! Station(resort) of bike and car close Access to two subway lines (line 4 and 12) harming(serving) most posh districts of Paris. Station(resort) Marcadet Poissonier. Wide library(book
30473	Apartment very functional and very bright! With a sofa bed,  open kitchen, table and 2 chairs, in the entrance there is a place for your stuff, a bathroom and a toilette, there is a balcony around the apartment with a little table and 2 chairs, that gives you a view to the east, south and west side of Paris including the sacre coeur,  and a nice sunset. So Welcome! I offer you to stay at my place when I am not home. If it is for a short stay the place will be exclusive for you, and for long time stay; I  will need to acces sometimes in the week to the the other room in the apartment . (Only in the day in the week, no weekends or holidays)	Simple and cozy apartment, located at the 4th floor  of a typical Parisian building , located at  ten minutes from the Sacré Coeur, the highest point of Montmartre, and close to three metro stations, the markets and all shops. Apartment very functional and very bright! With a sofa bed,  open kitchen, table and 2 chairs, in the entrance there is a place for your stuff, a bathroom and a toilette, there is a balcony around the apartment with a little table and 2 chairs, that gives you a view to the east, south and west side of Paris including the sacre coeur,  and a nice sunset. So Welcome! I offer you to stay at my place when I am not home. If it is for a short stay the place will be exclusive for you, and for long time stay; I  will need to acces sometimes in the week to the the other room in the apartment . (Only in the day in the week, no weekends or holidays) Is a charming 2 rooms apartment with open kitchen and bathroom. one room it will be close is private,  for the rest of the apa
30474	avec une terrasse	Studio de 17m2 + terrasse de 10m2 au dessus  des toit de Paris au 5ème et dernier étage avec  ascenseur.Situé dans le quartier de Montmartre (400m du Sacrée coeur ou l'on a la meilleur vue de Paris) à 250m de la station de Métro:Marcadet Poissonière qui est à l'intersection de 2 lignes de métro les plus importantes:les lignes 4 et 12. STUDIO17m2 + 10m2 TERRACE ABOVE    THE ROOF OF PARIS AT THE 5th AND LAST FLOOR WITH A LIFT. The adress is in the district of Montmartre (400m from the Sacré coeur ( little hill where we have the best view of Paris) 250m from the Metro station: Marcadet Poissonière which is at the intersection of 2 most important subway lines: the lines 4 and 12.  I detailed about the transport communication we have at less than 150m ,3 lignes of bus easy to visit open air the main places in Paris (Champs Elysées,Eiffel Tower and so..) ,and also at 150m, 2 metro lignes :ligne 12 (big store Galerie Lafayette,,Opéra,Champs Elysées,place Paris Exhibition and so on) mainly the
30475	In the heart of the 18th arrondissement, down the butte Montmartre and very close to Abbesses area, this flat will make you feel a parisian in very typical and pleasant district, with many local stores, markets, bars, restaurants and cafés.  Nearest subway: Jules Joffrin on line 12 or Simplon on line 4 10 minutes walking from the Sacré-Cœur and 15 minutes walking from the St-Ouen/ Clignancourt flea market  Charming and cosy parisian flat :  - real love nest,  - very bright,  - down the butte Montmartre with a view on Paris rooftops and the Sacré-Cœur dome, - all renovated in fall 2012, - special attention given to decoration,  - very quiet thanks to double glazing,  - ideal for a couple + possibly a child on the sofa bed,  - on the 5th floor without elevator. Many books and comics for those who speak French ! Free WiFi  Equipped kitchen Fridge, ceramic hobs, oven, toaster, kettle, washing machine Bedroom Raised double bed  Linens provided Desk No real door separating the living-room an	In the heart of the 18th arrondissement, down the butte Montmartre and very close to Abbesses area, this flat will make you feel a parisian in very typical and pleasant district, with many local stores, markets, bars, restaurants and cafés.  Nearest subway: Jules Joffrin on line 12 or Simplon on line 4 10 minutes walking from the Sacré-Cœur and 15 minutes walking from the St-Ouen/ Clignancourt flea market  Charming and cosy parisian flat :  - real love nest,  - very bright,  - down the butte Montmartre with a view on Paris rooftops and the Sacré-Cœur dome, - all renovated in fall 2012, - special attention given to decoration,  - very quiet thanks to double glazing,  - ideal for a couple + possibly a child on the sofa bed,  - on the 5th floor without elevator. Many books and comics for those who speak French ! Free WiFi  Equipped kitchen Fridge, ceramic hobs, oven, toaster, kettle, washing machine Bedroom Raised double bed  Linens provided Desk No real door separating the living-room an
30476	"Very bright 35m2 studio with balcony, 5th floor, in the heart of Paris, 18 minutes walk from Montmartre.  Situated in a lively neighborhood.  I lived, repeated this apartment, it is very functional and very bright, with a true view of Paris. Window on south balcony, window to the ""Sacre Coeur"" and the sunset to the west and north window.  Ideal for couples"	"Very bright 35m2 studio with balcony, 5th floor, in the heart of Paris, 18 minutes walk from Montmartre.  Situated in a lively neighborhood. Very bright 35m2 studio with balcony, 5th floor, in the heart of Paris, 18 minutes walk from Montmartre.  Situated in a lively neighborhood.  I lived, repeated this apartment, it is very functional and very bright, with a true view of Paris. Window on south balcony, window to the ""Sacre Coeur"" and the sunset to the west and north window.  Ideal for couples Telephone, Internet, WiFi ...  And if you need anything you just have to ring the doorbell of the upstairs neighbor, that's me! I am the owner but also the neighboring still available. And it is to practice the language and meet the people that I decided to rent this apartment overnight. Magical neighborhood located at the crossroads of three cultures, Africa, Asia and India, you will find all the businesses and product imaginable. Nice market, bakeries, cafes, restaurants, I'd be happy to advis"
30477	There is a spacious living room,  with a big  double bed 1m60 and 2 sunny windows, a  bathroom with the shower in the tub and another window, a small open kitchen.  The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre with old style wooden floors. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere!	In a private passage, opposite the coffee of Amélie Poulain, very nice studio of 30 m2 with open kitchen, bathroom, big double bed 1m60, parquet, full of sunshine, 3rd floor, in a great neighborhood with its small shops, bistros and bakeries. There is a spacious living room,  with a big  double bed 1m60 and 2 sunny windows, a  bathroom with the shower in the tub and another window, a small open kitchen.  The place is really typical of the flats you can find in Montmartre with old style wooden floors. A cosy and comfy parisian atmosphere! You will have access to all the flat I love Paris and this area. I will be there with a big pleasure to give you all the informations or ideas you will need to enjoy your stay in Paris. Very lively and also practical, with excellent bakeries, specialty food shops, restaurants and coffee shops, bookshops . An ideal place for a touristic stay as well as a business stay, thanks to the village atmosphere. Metro Blanche (line 2): 5 mn Metro place de Clichy 
30478	The most beautiful area of Paris.	From 2 to 7  people, modern, full equipped, charm, bright, at the heart of Montmartre, ideally placed 100 meters away from the Place du Tertre and in 2 minutes of the subway line direct Galeries Lafayette, Champs-Elysées, then the Louvre The most beautiful area of Paris. Airport Charles de Gaulle/Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est.
30479	The house is made of 2 floors. First floor is a large and amazingly equiped kitchen, all open on the yard, and filled with sun when the weather is great. A basement and toilets at the first floor. Then, stairs go to the second floor made of 2 bedrooms, toilets and a bathroom (bath and shower, as you wish).	I admit I have been so lucky when I found this place... Can you imagine, opening the door of the building, crossing the lobby and ending in a lovely yard, so typically parisian? There, 3 houses. One is yours ! It's magic. No noise. A garden. The sun. The house is made of 2 floors. First floor is a large and amazingly equiped kitchen, all open on the yard, and filled with sun when the weather is great. A basement and toilets at the first floor. Then, stairs go to the second floor made of 2 bedrooms, toilets and a bathroom (bath and shower, as you wish). As guests, you can enjoy the yard as much as you want.  Have meals outside, or just rest in the sun. I'll be happy to help you as much as I can. Advice about how to reach the house from the airport? Advices about where to eat? Where to find the best baguette in the area? The house is perfectly located. Theatres, touristic spots and restaurants. But also supermarkets, post office, outdoor markets... Between the lovely streets Lepic, Abbes
30480		Atelier atypique au pied de Montmartre
30481	Parquet ancien en chêne massif, cheminée en marbre noir, bureau et table patinés par le temps, vue sur cour au second étage d'un immeuble de caractère ; ce superbe studio vous plonge dans la vie authentique d'un quartier unique et chargé d'histoire. 	Ce studio ravissant et chaleureux est idéalement situé dans le plus célèbre et le plus romantique quartier de peintres de Paris.  Parquet ancien en chêne massif, cheminée en marbre noir, bureau et table patinés par le temps, vue sur cour au second étage d'un immeuble de caractère ; ce superbe studio vous plonge dans la vie authentique d'un quartier unique et chargé d'histoire. Tout le confort moderne vous est proposé - convecteur de très haute qualité, internet illimité (avec wifi), télévision par le câble, cuisine équipée avec four traditionnel et four micro-ondes, machine à laver & sèche-linge, grille-pain, cafetière et bouilloire - pour un séjour en amoureux en toute quiétude. Vous serez accueillis par Barbara, votre charmante voisine de pallier, qui saura répondre à vos questions et faciliter votre arrivée. Entre le Moulin Rouge de Pigalle et le Moulin de la Galette, à 50 mètres du métro et de la fameuse rue Lepic, à 10 minutes du Sacré-Cœur et de la mythique place du Tertre, ce st
30482	Ce studio est situé rue Gabrielle. On y accède par les escalier des Jardins de Montmartre. Ou par les petites rues du Quartier des Abbesses ! LE QUARTIER : : C'est un des plus anciens, plus connus et plus agréable quartier de Paris. Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, Les Abbesses, Montmartre... La butte se présente comme un village, sympathique, avec des petits commerçants, des boutiques, des terrasses, des rues piétonnes ou l'on aime flaner, de jour comme de nuit. LA RUE GABRIELLE : C'est une rue au coeur d'un quartier touristique et typique, habité par des parisiens amoureux de la Butte Montmartre. Elle a la qualité d'être au coeur d'un quartier animé, tout en étant extrêmement calme! LE STUDIO : il fait à peine 20 m2, avec tout ce qu'il faut pour être parfaitement à l'aise. Placé au rez de chaussée, pas besoin de porter ses valises ! Il donne sur une petite courette typique du quartier. Il y donc hyper calme, à l'abri des passants et des voitures ! EQUIPEMENT :  Une vraie salle de bain : vou	Super quartier, beau et animé ! Studio en rez de chaussée !  Ce studio est situé rue Gabrielle. On y accède par les escalier des Jardins de Montmartre. Ou par les petites rues du Quartier des Abbesses ! LE QUARTIER : : C'est un des plus anciens, plus connus et plus agréable quartier de Paris. Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, Les Abbesses, Montmartre... La butte se présente comme un village, sympathique, avec des petits commerçants, des boutiques, des terrasses, des rues piétonnes ou l'on aime flaner, de jour comme de nuit. LA RUE GABRIELLE : C'est une rue au coeur d'un quartier touristique et typique, habité par des parisiens amoureux de la Butte Montmartre. Elle a la qualité d'être au coeur d'un quartier animé, tout en étant extrêmement calme! LE STUDIO : il fait à peine 20 m2, avec tout ce qu'il faut pour être parfaitement à l'aise. Placé au rez de chaussée, pas besoin de porter ses valises ! Il donne sur une petite courette typique du quartier. Il y donc hyper calme, à l'abri des passants 
30483	Chambre double et privée mise à disposition	A proximité de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur, nous sommes deux amis qui partageons une colocation dans Paris 17ème.  Etant l'un comme l'autre parfois absents, nous apprécions recevoir du monde. Nous serions heureux de pouvoir vous y accueillir. Chambre double et privée mise à disposition
30484	Despite de size of the annex, we decided to have a big double bed (160 x 200) so our guests can have a good nights sleep. And if you are 3, there is our small but very comfy sofa bed that can be transformed into a one person bed (120 x 200) Even if it's an annex, the studio is all for you, we will not go in until you do your check out. Please note that there is no hot plates to cook, we only have a microwave that also grills, a coffee machine a kettle and a fridge.  We are next doors, so we would be glad to help you find your way around when we are not at work. The neighbourhood is composed by a lively mix of  cultures, there are bars, cafés and restaurants at reasonable prices. There are many local stores for daily needs and easy access to public transportation.  We love it here and we hope you'll like it as much as we do.  There are two metro stations close by, Line 4 Chateau Rouge 4min away by foot and Line 12 Lamarck Caulaincourt  9min away by foot. We are on the ground floor of a 	Hi!,Our little cool studio  has everything you need for a nice vacation in Paris. Is perfectly located in the heart of the 18th district next to Montmartre, surrounded by many restaurant and bars, everything is near! Despite de size of the annex, we decided to have a big double bed (160 x 200) so our guests can have a good nights sleep. And if you are 3, there is our small but very comfy sofa bed that can be transformed into a one person bed (120 x 200) Even if it's an annex, the studio is all for you, we will not go in until you do your check out. Please note that there is no hot plates to cook, we only have a microwave that also grills, a coffee machine a kettle and a fridge.  We are next doors, so we would be glad to help you find your way around when we are not at work. The neighbourhood is composed by a lively mix of  cultures, there are bars, cafés and restaurants at reasonable prices. There are many local stores for daily needs and easy access to public transportation.  We love 
30485		Spacious, bright and quiet room in cosy appartment locaded in Montmartre, 5 mn from Sacré Coeur. Kitchen equiped and bathroom with bath and WC Métro :  Lamarck Caulaincourt - Ligne 12 Guy-Môquet - Ligne 13 Bus :  - 95 - 80
30486	Hello, I am Galina, I offer my little studio :-)  The apartment consists of a bright room, entrance, kitchenette, dining table with sofa / double bed, a small table and a TV , internet and telephone and fans.  1 bathroom (towels provided) with a large shower, heated towel rail, hairdryer and storage space!  1 kitchen open to the room: fridge, hob, microwave, kettle and supplies (pots, pans, towels, dishwashing liquid, etc.)  And tableware (plates, glasses, cups, cutlery, etc.). . - Coffee, tea for you !  The kitchen is fully equipped (microwave, electric hob, fridge, cupboards)  It is small, ideal for two people.	Hello, I am Galina!  I rented a cute little renovated studio in the heart of Montmartre, Abbesses 3 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 5 minutes from the Moulin Rouge, Pigalle and surrounded by many shops and restaurants! Hello, I am Galina, I offer my little studio :-)  The apartment consists of a bright room, entrance, kitchenette, dining table with sofa / double bed, a small table and a TV , internet and telephone and fans.  1 bathroom (towels provided) with a large shower, heated towel rail, hairdryer and storage space!  1 kitchen open to the room: fridge, hob, microwave, kettle and supplies (pots, pans, towels, dishwashing liquid, etc.)  And tableware (plates, glasses, cups, cutlery, etc.). . - Coffee, tea for you !  The kitchen is fully equipped (microwave, electric hob, fridge, cupboards)  It is small, ideal for two people. Sheets and towels provided, TV, internet and telephone, towels, hair dryer, fridge, hob, microwave, kettle and supplies (pots, pans, towels, dishwashing liqu
30487	il y a des draps savon  shampooing serviettes de bains le canapé et convertible plus la mézzanine je suis au rez de chaussée il y a un interphone a l'entrée du batiment plus un passe pour rentrer dans la coure la porte du studio et blindée studio refait a neuf bon séjour jean yves	le quartier et populaire a 5 minutes a pied du moulin rouge a pigalle et du sacré-coeur il y a des draps savon  shampooing serviettes de bains le canapé et convertible plus la mézzanine je suis au rez de chaussée il y a un interphone a l'entrée du batiment plus un passe pour rentrer dans la coure la porte du studio et blindée studio refait a neuf bon séjour jean yves station de métro MARCADET POISSONNIER  a 2 pas du studio ligne 4 j'habite a coté de chez vous a 15  minutte a pied ci vous si vous avez un probléme je suis la n'hésité pas jean yves la rue labat et le quartier ou habitent des personnes de toute cultures qui s'entrelacent la vie et particulierement agréable et bon a vivre séjour de 3 nuit minimum
30488	"Bienvenue dans notre joli appartement à 5 min à pied de Montmartre et de son art de vivre unique. Notre appartement a une grande surface et une terrasse pour lézarder au soleil. Il se situe au 7 ème étage d'une jolie résidence très calme avec ascenseur. Il dispose de : - 2 chambres doubles  - 2 salles de bain - 2 toilettes séparées - un grand salon avec une terrasse - une cuisine A votre arrivée serviettes propres et draps vous attendent avec le lonely planet et des conseils pour vos visites ;) ------------------------------------------ We welcome you in our apartment 5 min walk from Montmartre and its unique ""art de vivre"". Our apartment has a big surface and a terrace to relax in the sun.  It is located on the 7th floor of a nice quiet residence. Inside the flat you will find : - 2 doubles room - 2 bathrooms  - 2 toilets  - a living room with terrace - a big kitchen. On your arrival we will give you clean towels and bed sheets together with the lonely planet and sightseeing tips;) Fo"	"Un havre de paix à deux pas de Montmartre, bienvenue dans notre joli appartement avec terrasse = 3 chambres et 2 salles de bain Quiet place 5 min walking from Montmartre, welcome to our lovely flat with terrace  = 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms Bienvenue dans notre joli appartement à 5 min à pied de Montmartre et de son art de vivre unique. Notre appartement a une grande surface et une terrasse pour lézarder au soleil. Il se situe au 7 ème étage d'une jolie résidence très calme avec ascenseur. Il dispose de : - 2 chambres doubles  - 2 salles de bain - 2 toilettes séparées - un grand salon avec une terrasse - une cuisine A votre arrivée serviettes propres et draps vous attendent avec le lonely planet et des conseils pour vos visites ;) ------------------------------------------ We welcome you in our apartment 5 min walk from Montmartre and its unique ""art de vivre"". Our apartment has a big surface and a terrace to relax in the sun.  It is located on the 7th floor of a nice quiet residence. "
30489		1 chambre de 19m2 avec 1 lit deux places et un canapé lit. Peux loger jusque 3 personnes maximum. En plein coeur de Paris, proche gare du Nord et métro. Grande cuisine et salle de bain partagée.
30490		This apartment is located near the beautiful Montmartre area. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris, which is also a very lively Parisian district with a lot of restaurants, bars, boutiques, and close to the trendy streets.
30491		Typical parisian studio, located between Montmartre and the famous flea market. Near metro Simplon (line 4) and Jules Joffrin (line 12), commodities and commerce. Perfect for discovering Paris. Neighborhood friendly, multicultural and lively. Many restaurants of every nationalities, 24/7 grocer's shops, market two times a week with low prices. Near metro Simplon (line 4) and Jules Joffrin (line 12), bus and night-bus, bike station.
30492	Located near the famous Sacre Cœur Basilica, this beautiful apartment will seduce you by its classic style design. The apartment is composed of a bright spacious salon, one double bedroom, one bathroom and a kitchen. Ideal for your business trips, as well as for couples or small families.	Stylish one bedroom Located near the famous Sacre Cœur Basilica, this beautiful apartment will seduce you by its classic style design. The apartment is composed of a bright spacious salon, one double bedroom, one bathroom and a kitchen. Ideal for your business trips, as well as for couples or small families. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transports à proximité Château Rouge M4 185 m Marcadet - Poissonniers M12 M4 395 m Barbès
30493	Welcome home! During your stay you can enjoy the whole housing and all equipment provided : In the room: bed for 2 people, cupboard and dresser for clothes. In the living room : convertible sofa ( for daily use) is very comfortable , video projector, amp ( speakers are located in the living room, in the kitchen and in the bedroom). In the kitchen: 4 induction hobs, oven, dishwasher , refrigerator, freezer , microwave , toaster , kettle ... In the bathroom : washing machine / dryer, bathtub.	"This flat is centrally located and very spacious. It's 200m walk from Montmartre and close to nice bars and delicious restaurants. Calm bedroom to courtyard and living room with fully equipped kitchen to street. Perfect home base to discover Paris! Welcome home! During your stay you can enjoy the whole housing and all equipment provided : In the room: bed for 2 people, cupboard and dresser for clothes. In the living room : convertible sofa ( for daily use) is very comfortable , video projector, amp ( speakers are located in the living room, in the kitchen and in the bedroom). In the kitchen: 4 induction hobs, oven, dishwasher , refrigerator, freezer , microwave , toaster , kettle ... In the bathroom : washing machine / dryer, bathtub. I hope you will enjoy your stay, do not hesitate to ask questions if you need more precisions This tourist area brings together many typical sights of Paris such as the Basilica of the ""Sacré-cœur"" , the ""Moulin Rouge"", the ""Place du Tertre"" ... But also "
30494	The apartment is ideally located in the South Montmartre, 9th arrondissement between Anvers & Notre Dame de Lorette metro stations (line 2, 12 and 7). It is a 5mn walk to the Sacre Cœur and the typical Pigalle. It is also very easy to go in the rest of Paris by feet, 15 mn walk to the Vendome place, Opera Garnier and 25 mn to the Louvres Museum. Around the apartment, there are a lot of nice restaurants and bars. For breakfast, 3 bakeries with the best croissants of Paris are in the rue des Martyrs. It is a very typical Parisian neighborhood, safe with a « village » atmosphere. The apartment is 52 square meters and has 2 bedrooms, with 2 double beds. There is a private bathroom, kitchen and living room waiting for you on the 6th floor. It is a peaceful and relaxing place to stay.  The WIFI is installed and ready to help you plan your next visits ! Sheets, towels, covers are provided No elevator.	The apartment is ideally located in the South Montmartre, 9th arrondissement between Anvers & Notre Dame de Lorette metro stations (line 2, 12 and 7). It is a 5mn walk to the Sacre Cœur and the typical Pigalle. It is also very easy to go in the rest of Paris by feet, 15 mn walk to the Vendome place, Opera Garnier and 25 mn to the Louvres Museum. Around the apartment, there are a lot of nice restaurants and bars. For breakfast, 3 bakeries with the best croissants of Paris are in the rue des Martyrs. It is a very typical Parisian neighborhood, safe with a « village » atmosphere. The apartment is 52 square meters and has 2 bedrooms, with 2 double beds. There is a private bathroom, kitchen and living room waiting for you on the 6th floor. It is a peaceful and relaxing place to stay.  The WIFI is installed and ready to help you plan your next visits ! Sheets, towels, covers are provided No elevator.
30495		Beau T3 de 55m carrés en plein coeur du 18eme!chambre et salon spacieux (l'autre chambre étant occupée par ma coloc), quartier vivant et agréable à vivre, 10min de Montmartre à pied! Venez venez! 
30496	The flat is located in the 18th arrondissement, a multi-cultural and diverse neighbourhood. It is uniquely decorated with carefully chosen furniture and art works. It is comfortable, bright and very quiet.  The flat can host up to three guests: two in the bedroom and one in the living room (the sofa is non-convertible but serves perfectly as a single bed).  The big living room is very bright in the morning and perfect to relax and have a nice meal.  The bedroom is fresh and quiet, with lots of sunlight late afternoon. The bed is super comfortable - a perfect place to sleep. The kitchen is directly on the living-room, it's small but well designed and completely equipped.  The bathroom is convenient, equipped with a shower.  The whole flat has been thought to be as comfortable, easy and relaxing as possible.	Enjoy a real Parisian moment in a stylish 19th century one-bedroom flat. It has been recently refurbished and decorated with great taste. It is within walking distance of Montmartre and of really nice restaurants and shops. The flat is located in the 18th arrondissement, a multi-cultural and diverse neighbourhood. It is uniquely decorated with carefully chosen furniture and art works. It is comfortable, bright and very quiet.  The flat can host up to three guests: two in the bedroom and one in the living room (the sofa is non-convertible but serves perfectly as a single bed).  The big living room is very bright in the morning and perfect to relax and have a nice meal.  The bedroom is fresh and quiet, with lots of sunlight late afternoon. The bed is super comfortable - a perfect place to sleep. The kitchen is directly on the living-room, it's small but well designed and completely equipped.  The bathroom is convenient, equipped with a shower.  The whole flat has been thought to be as co
30497	Idealy for 2 or 3 people with books, flowers, and everything you need in the flat. You're close to Montmartre, Flea Market and Pigalle.	Little flat with a quiet room and a nice loving room with american bar and vegetable window. Lovely neighborhood and abundant local restaurants Idealy for 2 or 3 people with books, flowers, and everything you need in the flat. You're close to Montmartre, Flea Market and Pigalle. Your place! Just respect quiet environment.
30498	You will be very happy to discover a very charming, welcoming and peaceful flat in the heart of Montmartre. It would be perfect for a romantic and a wonderful staying in Paris.  Abbesses is just  2 minutes away by walking.   Very close to a lot of shops, restaurants, bars.  The flat is on the 1st floor of a quiet typical parisian building. You'll meet the lovely people leaving on the neiborhood.  It's a 1 bedroom flat.  The living room is roomy, and you can use the sofa as an extra bed (1pers).  The Kitchen is opened on the living room. it is fully equipped. Bathroom with shower & toilets Lots of trendy clubs, bars and restaurants in the neighborhood  Great shopping area with shops opened on sunday 	The appartment is only a few steps away from the Sacré-Cœur, which is perfect for having your breakfast in a typical french café in Montmartre. !! You will be very happy to discover a very charming, welcoming and peaceful flat in the heart of Montmartre. It would be perfect for a romantic and a wonderful staying in Paris.  Abbesses is just  2 minutes away by walking.   Very close to a lot of shops, restaurants, bars.  The flat is on the 1st floor of a quiet typical parisian building. You'll meet the lovely people leaving on the neiborhood.  It's a 1 bedroom flat.  The living room is roomy, and you can use the sofa as an extra bed (1pers).  The Kitchen is opened on the living room. it is fully equipped. Bathroom with shower & toilets Lots of trendy clubs, bars and restaurants in the neighborhood  Great shopping area with shops opened on sunday If you need any more information about the flat or the neighborhood don't hesitate, I am here!  5 minutes away from the tube stations Anvers (lin
30499		bonjour je sous loue mon studio métro Jules Joffrin (METRO), Paris 18ém arrondissement pour la période du (phone number hidden) jusqu'au 02/08/15 trés bien desservie a proximité bus, boulangeries, restaurant cafétérias , banques, magasins de distribution.
30500	Profiter de la vraie vie de quartier parisienne en étant à deux pas de la plus belle vue de Paris. Que demander de plus ?!	Profiter de la vraie vie de quartier parisienne en étant à deux pas de la plus belle vue de Paris. Que demander de plus ?! TV, connexion wifi, radio, micro-ondes, four. 
30501	Relaxing... The apartment is bright and quiet cause it is on the 3rd floor, double-glazed windows equipped, with view on a large courtyard. No roads, no cars over there. Reading a book on the sofa in the cosy living room, enjoying a cup of tea or a coffee made in the Italian moka before leaving and discovering Paris and the nice area of Pajol and Marché de l’Olive.	You will enjoy this cosy flat located in the lively neighbourhood of Marx Dormoy, not invaded by tourists and at walking distance to the picturesque Canal St Martin and Canal de l’Ourc. Relaxing... The apartment is bright and quiet cause it is on the 3rd floor, double-glazed windows equipped, with view on a large courtyard. No roads, no cars over there. Reading a book on the sofa in the cosy living room, enjoying a cup of tea or a coffee made in the Italian moka before leaving and discovering Paris and the nice area of Pajol and Marché de l’Olive. You will have all the apartment at you disposal. Welcome ... I will be delighted to welcome you, show you the flat and provide you with any information you may need to make your stay more pleasant an unique, in English, Italian, French and Spanish (Portuguese coming soon, let me some time I’m working on it). Whether I couldn’t welcome you, my friend Willy or my sister Anna, with their long and rich Airbnb experience, will be very pleased to d
30502	"Studio 2 rooms 30 m2, with white walls, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. Seen on court and on rooftops. The room is in the background. Wood flooring, spacious closets, beautiful solid wood bed, library, curtain. Kitchen, living room and sofa bed oven, hob, wooden table, sofa bed, TV, internet, telephone, washing machine (and dryer integrated), iron, plates, cutlery etc.. The floor is ""red tomettes"" of Paris, very old and beautifull. The bathroom contains, shower, toilet and sink with wood storage. Spacious and bright, it is tiled in blue and white, with splashes of color. Towels aren't included. Jeremy will give you the keys and get your bags on the 5th floor of this old Parisian building. The apartment, located in a lively neighborhood, is very quiet. Just down the apartment, at 3 minutes, a beautiful covered market offers products and soils of the world - and french food. Delicious! Multitude of restaurants and shops. I recommend, for example, the tiny Thais only open from noon to 18h "	"2-room studio 30 m2, overlooking the courtyard, very quiet in a living area, kitchen (oven, hob, washing machine), bathroom, living room (TV, wifi, phone, sofa bed) and bedroom (king 2 bed places). Studio 2 rooms 30 m2, with white walls, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. Seen on court and on rooftops. The room is in the background. Wood flooring, spacious closets, beautiful solid wood bed, library, curtain. Kitchen, living room and sofa bed oven, hob, wooden table, sofa bed, TV, internet, telephone, washing machine (and dryer integrated), iron, plates, cutlery etc.. The floor is ""red tomettes"" of Paris, very old and beautifull. The bathroom contains, shower, toilet and sink with wood storage. Spacious and bright, it is tiled in blue and white, with splashes of color. Towels aren't included. Jeremy will give you the keys and get your bags on the 5th floor of this old Parisian building. The apartment, located in a lively neighborhood, is very quiet. Just down the apartment, at 3 minutes, a "
30503	Appartement de 32m2, double exposition, 5ème étage sans ascenseur. A proximité du métro, commerces et restaurants.  	Charmant petit appartement, à deux pas du Sacré Coeur. Baigné de lumière, il offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris et possède toute les facilités nécessaires à un séjour court ou long. Quartier agréable, typiquement parisien. Appartement de 32m2, double exposition, 5ème étage sans ascenseur. A proximité du métro, commerces et restaurants.
30504	Très bel appartement calme et lumineux, dans un immeuble récent. Possibilité de venir à 4. Il y a un matelas gonflable dans l'appartement.  Équipé confort : four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, Internet. Linge de lit, vaisselle.	light and quiet appartment, 10min walking distance from Montmartre and Batignolles, in a neighborhood full of small shops, little cosy restaurants and bars, wine merchants and cheesemaker… Several metro and bus station, as well as velib a few minutes
30505	Fancy a tourist trip to Paris?  Welcome!   I rent for the week or per night (2 nights minimum). Nice, cosy very small studio of 10 m2, full appartement in just one little space (bedroom + living room + kitchenette and of couser a little toilets/shower inside apartment, in 1st floor without elevator/lift, quiet, located in the 18th Paris, in a neighborhood of the African market, 10 minutes away from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. The nearest metro station is “Château Rouge” -3 or 5 minutes (line 4), bus 31, 56, and the lines by night are N14, N44. Line 4 can leave you: in 4 min to Gare du Nord where you had the train (RER) for output to Paris for the two most important airports of Paris (Charles of Gaulle and Orly). The line 4 is the only thing that binds all subway lines that facilitates the movement on Paris without difficulty, so all the tourist spots.  The flat can welcome a maximum of 2 people (one sofa-bed 2 places -160cm/190cm - 62.992inch/78.740inch). It is close to shops, res	Small studio 10m2, 1st floor. Facilities: iron, hair dryer, TV, WiFi internet access. Bathroom (shower, private toilet). Kitchen: dishes, utensils and cookware, stoven, microwave, coffee maker, electrical kettle, fridge. Provided: toilet paper, shower gel, shampoo, pillows, blanket, towels.  Fancy a tourist trip to Paris?  Welcome!   I rent for the week or per night (2 nights minimum). Nice, cosy very small studio of 10 m2, full appartement in just one little space (bedroom + living room + kitchenette and of couser a little toilets/shower inside apartment, in 1st floor without elevator/lift, quiet, located in the 18th Paris, in a neighborhood of the African market, 10 minutes away from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. The nearest metro station is “Château Rouge” -3 or 5 minutes (line 4), bus 31, 56, and the lines by night are N14, N44. Line 4 can leave you: in 4 min to Gare du Nord where you had the train (RER) for output to Paris for the two most important airports of Paris (Charles o
30506	On the second floor of a Parisian building from the 19th century, along a wooded street, a beautiful apartment entirely renovated, designer furniture, parquet flooring and marble fireplace. I am a collector of art. I expose a part of my collection in this apartment. Decorating changes so often.   AMENITIES :  The apartment features a lovely double bedroom, a living room with a double sofa-bed, a bathroom with a bathtub and WC.  It is fully equipped with all modern cons: a cable TV, wi-fi connexion, an induction hob, a microwave, an oven, a fridge and a washing machine. LOCATION:  Located in a shopping street at a 10-minute walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, you will easily find minimarkets, bakeries, bars, shops, drugstores, post office. The nearest metro is Guy Môquet (200m away), on line 13.  Lamarck or Jules Joffrin (line 12) are 10-mins walks. Buses : 31 (to Charles de Gaulle Etoile), 81 (to Chatelet les Halles, Paris' heart) A fresh goods market takes place twice a week. Th	On the second floor of a Parisian building from the 19th century, along a wooded street, a beautiful apartment entirely renovated, designer furniture, parquet flooring and marble fireplace. I am a collector of art. I expose a part of my collection in this apartment. Decorating changes so often.   AMENITIES :  The apartment features a lovely double bedroom, a living room with a double sofa-bed, a bathroom with a bathtub and WC.  It is fully equipped with all modern cons: a cable TV, wi-fi connexion, an induction hob, a microwave, an oven, a fridge and a washing machine. LOCATION:  Located in a shopping street at a 10-minute walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, you will easily find minimarkets, bakeries, bars, shops, drugstores, post office. The nearest metro is Guy Môquet (200m away), on line 13.  Lamarck or Jules Joffrin (line 12) are 10-mins walks. Buses : 31 (to Charles de Gaulle Etoile), 81 (to Chatelet les Halles, Paris' heart) A fresh goods market takes place twice a week. Th
30507	The apartment's location allows both to hear the birds sing and to lead a true Parisian life in the heart of the Pigalle-Montmartre district. The calm terrace is a  bubble of peace.	At the top of a short dead-end street lined with flowers, live a moment of charm and tranquility in the heart of Montmartre. A private terrace, two bedrooms, a dressing room, a dining room and lounge for this fully renovated apartment. The apartment's location allows both to hear the birds sing and to lead a true Parisian life in the heart of the Pigalle-Montmartre district. The calm terrace is a  bubble of peace. The whole of the apartment is fully accessible. My tips list and district highlights are updated on a small notebook in the entrance. I can be reached on my cellphone, via email...or by nocking at the door of my workshop, just next door. The area is the bohemian heart of Paris, the Moulin Rouge two steps away, 10-minute walk to the Sacré Coeur. District shopping, loads of typical or trendy restaurants, bars and clubs, windy streets of Montmartre. Two Metro stations in 5-min walk : Blanche and Pigalle (line # 2). Buses and taxis are day and night on the boulevard. Roissy airpo
30508	nice studio 30m2 perched on the 6th floor with elevator, very bright with a breathtaking view on Sacred Heart. The studio has three large windows full west to admire the sunsets over Paris, one very comfortable double bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a seating area, parquet, wifi ...  clignancourt Street is a young street lively adjoining the garden of the Sacred Heart. Discover the cultural richness and abundance of life in the heart of the 18th district.	Pretty 30m2 studio , fully equipped, perched on the 6th floor with elevator , very bright with a breathtaking view on  Sacré-Coeur . Located in a lively and well connected area of the 18th arrondissement two steps from  Sacré-Coeur.        nice studio 30m2 perched on the 6th floor with elevator, very bright with a breathtaking view on Sacred Heart. The studio has three large windows full west to admire the sunsets over Paris, one very comfortable double bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a seating area, parquet, wifi ...  clignancourt Street is a young street lively adjoining the garden of the Sacred Heart. Discover the cultural richness and abundance of life in the heart of the 18th district. The apartment is 5 minutes walk far to the metro 4 ( Chateau Rouge) and 12 (Marcadet Poissonier), and you need 5 min to walk until  the Sacré Coeur! I'm  actually in travel in south america, so the concierge, Mrs Petrovich will provide you the key! The apartment is very well served by public transpor
30509	Quiet, bright and sunny appartment, 50M2, clear view on gardens and parking, secured entrance, metro station is very close, Marcadet Poissonniers, (direct to gare du Nord, Châtelet, gare Saint Lazare, Madeleine, etc.), 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Pigalle.  One bed for two persons, and one futon mattress for one, best for one child or young people. 	Quiet and bright appartment near Montmartre, Pigalle. For two guests. Métro Marcadet Poissonniers.  Quiet, bright and sunny appartment, 50M2, clear view on gardens and parking, secured entrance, metro station is very close, Marcadet Poissonniers, (direct to gare du Nord, Châtelet, gare Saint Lazare, Madeleine, etc.), 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Pigalle.  One bed for two persons, and one futon mattress for one, best for one child or young (website hidden), internet wi fi, kitchen utensils, bed sheets, bath towels.  I welcome the guests of course (or a friend of mine), give you informations about the flat, the district, maps of metro and bus, and will be reachable on phone or by email if needed during your stay.  Very lively district, lot of local restaurants et bars, market 3 times a week, very close from Montmartre, Les Abbesses... Close from Le 104, le théâtre de l'Atelier, le Moulin Rouge, etc.  Metro Station Marcadet Poisonniers, lines 12 and 14. Bus, taxis. 
30510	Entrance and Living Room The French style, spacious entrance leads into the luminous living area which is given light by the large French Windows. Here you can enjoy a seated meal which you may have cooked using the fresh produce available from the markets of rue du Poteau, which are on your doorstep whilst tasting the view of the roofs of Paris. Enjoy coffee on the corner sofa, which also becomes a cosy double bed (not the usual clic clac – please see pictures )  The Kitchen If you enjoy cooking our kitchen will tick the boxes. Fully equipped from everything you need! Plus plenty of space to cook in!  The Bedroom The comfy double bed is sure to provide you with a goodnights sleep after exploring the streets of Paris. The Bathroom Furnished with both a bath tub, a shower plus twin sinks giving plenty of space for you to get ready in front of the grand mirror.	Well located in Montmarte, the apartment is a close walk from the Sacre Coeur in a village like neighbourhood with numerous market options and well-connected transport links. Entrance and Living Room The French style, spacious entrance leads into the luminous living area which is given light by the large French Windows. Here you can enjoy a seated meal which you may have cooked using the fresh produce available from the markets of rue du Poteau, which are on your doorstep whilst tasting the view of the roofs of Paris. Enjoy coffee on the corner sofa, which also becomes a cosy double bed (not the usual clic clac – please see pictures )  The Kitchen If you enjoy cooking our kitchen will tick the boxes. Fully equipped from everything you need! Plus plenty of space to cook in!  The Bedroom The comfy double bed is sure to provide you with a goodnights sleep after exploring the streets of Paris. The Bathroom Furnished with both a bath tub, a shower plus twin sinks giving plenty of space for 
30511	This apartment is comfortable, charming, modern and quiet  you will find close by many cafés, restaurants, and will be able to enjoy walk in the area (flee market of saint ouen , Pigalle) . The area is safe . I promess that you'll spent a good time! 2 rooms, 38 m², it’ bright, has an american kitchen, a really nice bed and a brand new (email hidden)wels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo are provided as well .There is of course all you need to cook . The apartment is equipped with Wi-Fi . Located in Montmartre you can find 2 subway line within 5 min walk ! Jules jofrin (line 12 ) and Porte de Clignancourt (line 14 ) There are also 2 Bus Stop just in front of the building (95 and 68 ) . In the area you ll be close to Sacre-coeur and the Moulin rouge ,will be able to enjoy french baguette and pastry and the typical street market on Rue du Poteau ( one street across the building ) . I will be dispose to help my visitors, in a way to make the access to the apartment very easy and answer to any q	This apartment is comfortable, charming, modern and quiet  you will find close by many cafés, restaurants, and will be able to enjoy walk in the area (flee market of saint ouen , Pigalle) . The area is safe . I promess that you'll spent a good time! 2 rooms, 38 m², it’ bright, has an american kitchen, a really nice bed and a brand new (email hidden)wels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo are provided as well .There is of course all you need to cook . The apartment is equipped with Wi-Fi . Located in Montmartre you can find 2 subway line within 5 min walk ! Jules jofrin (line 12 ) and Porte de Clignancourt (line 14 ) There are also 2 Bus Stop just in front of the building (95 and 68 ) . In the area you ll be close to Sacre-coeur and the Moulin rouge ,will be able to enjoy french baguette and pastry and the typical street market on Rue du Poteau ( one street across the building ) . I will be dispose to help my visitors, in a way to make the access to the apartment very easy and answer to any q
30512	L'appartement est composé de 3 pièces :  une chambre, une cuisine toute équipée ouverte sur salle à manger, et un salon. Il y a une salle de bain, par laquelle vous pouvez accéder par la chambre ou par le couloir.  L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. L'appartement est très lumineux, situé dans une rue calme, équipé de doubles vitrages.  The flat has 3 rooms : a bedroom, an opened kitchen (fully equiped) on a first dining room, and a living room.  There is also a bathroom wich where you're can access by the corridor or the bedroom.  The flat can have 2 persons.	Cet appartement lumineux et idéalement situé pour visiter Montmartre et Paris, vous accueille tout au long de l'année.  Un petit guide de voyage préparé par mes soins est disponible. Lovely flat full of light, perfectly located in Montmartre ! L'appartement est composé de 3 pièces :  une chambre, une cuisine toute équipée ouverte sur salle à manger, et un salon. Il y a une salle de bain, par laquelle vous pouvez accéder par la chambre ou par le couloir.  L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. L'appartement est très lumineux, situé dans une rue calme, équipé de doubles vitrages.  The flat has 3 rooms : a bedroom, an opened kitchen (fully equiped) on a first dining room, and a living room.  There is also a bathroom wich where you're can access by the corridor or the bedroom.  The flat can have 2 persons. Vous avez accès à l'appartement entier.  Vous pourrez profiter du confort d'une maison occupée quotidiennement.  Tous les appareils et la vaisselle sont accessibles.  Deux jeux de cl
30513		Décoré à ma façon, cet appartement de deux pièces est très lumineux et idéalement placé dans les des quartiers les plus agréables de Paris, au pied de la butte Montmartre. Juste en bas de l'immeuble, il y a un petit marché tous les matins ;-)
30514	Oui, c'est un (très) petit studio. Il faut en avoir conscience. Mais c'est une véritable expérience d'artiste que de loger dans ce studio ! Van Gogh, Picasso ou Cézanne auraient très bien pu y installer leur atelier. Le logement ne peut accueillir qu'une seule personne mais elle ne manquera de rien ! Le studio est entièrement équipé, tenu propre et très bien aménagé. Mon frère l'a acquit il y a quelques années et y a vécu pendant deux ans.  On y accède en passant les deux portes sécurisées de l'immeuble : la première avec un code, la seconde avec le pass. Il faut ensuite monter quelques étages avant d'arriver dans un couloir calme. Poussez doucement la porte… Sur votre gauche, un joli bureau en bois clair avec son large fauteuil en simili cuir. En voyage d'affaires ou entre deux avions/trains, vous pourrez vous y installer confortablement et regarder un film, une série ou écrire votre journal de bord d'aventurier.  Sur votre droite, la cuisine équipée de plaques électriques, d'un frigo	Lovely mini studio at the foot of Montmartre. The space is very small but well arranged. Fully equiped, completely renovated, very quiet and clean. There are many shops and means of transport in the neighborhood (metro, buses, train station).
30515	This nice studio is located in a small building,  you will be at the last floor (3rd) so you will enjoy a lovely high ceilings, you will love the exposed beams and wood floors. An well-equipped opened kitchen, a large shower, and a separated room corner.	This nice studio is located in the famous Rue Lepic, typical Parisian Street, one of the famous street of Montmartre where lived Vincent and Theo Van Gogh and where is located the Café des deux Moulins where was shot several scenes of Amélie Poulain This nice studio is located in a small building,  you will be at the last floor (3rd) so you will enjoy a lovely high ceilings, you will love the exposed beams and wood floors. An well-equipped opened kitchen, a large shower, and a separated room corner. The location is unique, in the beating heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Metro Abesses, 5 minutes walking to the SacréCoeur, you will stay in one of the most famous area of Paris, close to nice cafes, shops and restaurants, 10 minutes from Pigalle you will enjoy the village spirit of this area of Paris. You wil be welcomed with many tips helping you to discover hidden sides of Paris that you couldn't discover in the tourist guide. This area is really a tiny village in Paris, location 
30516	Cet appartement parisien est parfait pour visiter Paris à deux et passer ses soirées dans un quartier branché, sympa et animé, tout en profitant du calme de la rue. Très lumineux, vous profiterez de cet éclairage naturel pour organiser votre séjour à Paris. Parfaitement situé (métro Jules Joffrin ligne 12 et Simplon ligne 4 au bout de la rue), tous les commerces sont à moins de 2 minutes à pied.	Lumineux, confortable, proche de Montmartre, cet appartement où nous vivons toute l'année est idéal pour un couple qui souhaite visiter Paris. Nous espérons vous faire découvrir notre appartement et notre quartier ! Cet appartement parisien est parfait pour visiter Paris à deux et passer ses soirées dans un quartier branché, sympa et animé, tout en profitant du calme de la rue. Très lumineux, vous profiterez de cet éclairage naturel pour organiser votre séjour à Paris. Parfaitement situé (métro Jules Joffrin ligne 12 et Simplon ligne 4 au bout de la rue), tous les commerces sont à moins de 2 minutes à pied. Une bonne boulangerie au rez-de-chaussée, des petits commerçants dans la rue (caviste, boucher, très bon fromager, traiteur, poissonnier, etc.) ainsi que des grandes surfaces vous permettront de profiter facilement de la cuisine équipée.  Si vous décidez de sortir, le quartier regorge debonnes adressses pour tous les budgets et tous les goûts. Nous vous donnerons tous les bons tuyau
30517	Appartement refait à neuf pour vous offrir le plus de confort possible ! Idéal pour 2 personnes. Le canapé n'est pas convertible mais très spacieux et confortable, une personne supplémentaire peut donc y dormir.  L'appartement est à 80% rénové.  Les fenêtres seront changées courant septembre, la chambre donne sur la rue, n'hésitez pas à vous équiper de boules Quies si vous êtes sensible au bruit, la rue peut parfois être bruyante. La salle de bain n'est pas encore rénovée mais elle est en très bon état, propre et fonctionnelle et ... un brin rétro :)	Coup de cœur assuré !  Appartement spacieux, lumineux, refait à neuf, proche de Montmartre, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous durant votre séjour parisien ! Situé dans un quartier dynamique, avec de nombreux restaurants et commerces. Proche métros (ligne 4 et 12), stations velib et bus. Appartement refait à neuf pour vous offrir le plus de confort possible ! Idéal pour 2 personnes. Le canapé n'est pas convertible mais très spacieux et confortable, une personne supplémentaire peut donc y dormir.  L'appartement est à 80% rénové.  Les fenêtres seront changées courant septembre, la chambre donne sur la rue, n'hésitez pas à vous équiper de boules Quies si vous êtes sensible au bruit, la rue peut parfois être bruyante. La salle de bain n'est pas encore rénovée mais elle est en très bon état, propre et fonctionnelle et ... un brin rétro :) Draps et serviettes propres  Guide routard, bons plans à Paris  Wifi Si possible, je vous accueillerais personnellement et vous indiquerais tous les bon
30518		"Bonjour! Hello! Guten Tag! Hola! Goede Middag! Salaam! Konnichiwa! Located just 10 minutes from the Montmartre, this comfortable flat is within walking distance to shops, restaurants and major transit lines! You can go to Montmartre in 20 minutes by walk . You can get the subways in 5 min. The name of the station is ""Marcadet Poissonniers"". The lignes is 12 and 4 . You are from 10 minutes the station GARE DU NORD."
30519	Whe have one free room in a 50m2 apartment at Place de Clichy. The apartment is typically parisian (early 20th century), it has moldings as well as a wooden floor.  It's on the 3rd floor and there is an elevator in the building.	Hi everyone ! Room for rent in a perfect area for visitors Whe have one free room in a 50m2 apartment at Place de Clichy. The apartment is typically parisian (early 20th century), it has moldings as well as a wooden floor.  It's on the 3rd floor and there is an elevator in the building. You will have access to : - your bedroom - the living room - the bathroom  / toilet - the kitchen The apartment is located in a beautiful street between the neighbourhoods of Montmartre and Les Batignolles, which are both typically parisian.  Here is what you can find within walking distance (all less than 10 minutes, often 2 minutes) : - Montmartre and the Sacred Heart - the Batignolles neighbourhood and its beautiful Square des Batignolles - good authentic restaurants and bars (not those tourist-catcher places) - grocery stores of all kinds - convenient food spots such as Starbucks, Mc Donald's, KFC, Quick, kebabs, 24/7 crêpes, etc. Besides, the neighbourhood is in a strategic area of Paris which make
30520	Appartement extrêmement lumineux, avec vue imprenable de la terrasse sur toute la butte Montmartre et les toits de Paris. Appartement habité convivial et vivant. Idéal pour couple avec ou sans enfants.	Appartement très lumineux de 3 pièces (62 m2) doté de 10m2 de terrasse avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré-Coeur et les toits de Paris, 6ème avec ascenseur. 1 CHB - lit double 160x200 1 CHB Enfant - 2 lits 90x190 1 Canapé lit  140X190 dans le salon Appartement extrêmement lumineux, avec vue imprenable de la terrasse sur toute la butte Montmartre et les toits de Paris. Appartement habité convivial et vivant. Idéal pour couple avec ou sans enfants. Accès à tout l'appartement sauf quelques placards Nous serons disponibles pour tout conseil mais ne serons pas forcément sur Paris. L'immeuble est situé à la croisée de quartiers populaires (Goutte d'or  et Château Rouge - Max Dormoy) et de quartiers plus 'bobo' (marché du Poteau, village Ramey et Caulaincourt) à 15mn de Montmartre et du quartier des Abesses. Marché hyper vivant tous les mardi, vendredi et dimanches en bas de l'immeuble sur le bvd Ornano. Beaucoup de bonnes adresses à proximité. Un recul des bons plans et adresse utiles  vous ser
30521	Sunny and very cosy flat with chimney, moulding and parquet floor in each room. Typical Parisian!	I let my room in a friendly shared flat for a few days. The flat is shiny and located in lively neighbourhood, near Montmartre, La Chapelle, Gare du Nord (RER from both airports), the 2nd, 4th, 12th metro line. It is clean and fully equiped. Sunny and very cosy flat with chimney, moulding and parquet floor in each room. Typical Parisian! You will share the living room, the kitchen and the bathroom.
30522	"Situé dans un immeuble typique de Montmartre, l'appartement de 48 m2, rénové récemment, comprend une entrée, un grand séjour avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit double  en 140, une cuisine aménagée, une salle de bain et un WC séparé Les équipements :  - séjour : Télévision, wifi, chaine stéréo et lecteur DVD. - cuisine: Réfrigérateur congélateur, lave-vaisselle, four, mico-ondes. - salle de bain : Machine à laver séchante. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour avoir des précisions. Une personne sera présente pour vous accueillir à votre arrivée. A deux pas des vignes de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur le quartier regroupe de nombreux petits commerces typiquement parisiens. A deux pas : Le Métro ""Lamarck-Caulaincourt"" (ligne 12) Le Bus ""Lamarck-Sacré-Coeur"" (ligne Jules Joffrin / Porte de Versailles)  Période minimum pour 3 nuits et maximum un mois."	"Situé dans un immeuble typique de Montmartre, l'appartement de 48 m2, rénové récemment, comprend une entrée, un grand séjour avec canapé-lit, une chambre avec lit double  en 140, une cuisine aménagée, une salle de bain et un WC séparé Les équipements :  - séjour : Télévision, wifi, chaine stéréo et lecteur DVD. - cuisine: Réfrigérateur congélateur, lave-vaisselle, four, mico-ondes. - salle de bain : Machine à laver séchante. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour avoir des précisions. Une personne sera présente pour vous accueillir à votre arrivée. A deux pas des vignes de Montmartre et du Sacré-Coeur le quartier regroupe de nombreux petits commerces typiquement parisiens. A deux pas : Le Métro ""Lamarck-Caulaincourt"" (ligne 12) Le Bus ""Lamarck-Sacré-Coeur"" (ligne Jules Joffrin / Porte de Versailles)  Période minimum pour 3 nuits et maximum un mois. Les équipements :  - séjour : Télévision, wifi, chaine stéréo et lecteur DVD. - cuisine: Réfrigérateur congélateur, lave-vaisselle, four, mico"
30523	A typical Parisian apt with character and style but also the perfect home away from home.  Nearby Montmartre neighborhood, can host 4 people, 2 in the bedroom (king size)&2 in the living (sofa bed). Fully furnished kitchen, functional bathroom. Refreshed recently, the apartment is located 1 minute walk from metro line 4 & 12,	Our beautifully furnished apt is conveniently located by cafes, supermarket, metro stations and a 10 min walk to Sacre-Coeur.  Its recently renovated, fully furnished with washer, dryer, kitchen and beautiful new bathroom. Its full of bright light!  A typical Parisian apt with character and style but also the perfect home away from home.  Nearby Montmartre neighborhood, can host 4 people, 2 in the bedroom (king size)&2 in the living (sofa bed). Fully furnished kitchen, functional bathroom. Refreshed recently, the apartment is located 1 minute walk from metro line 4 & 12, Everything is your to use. Washer, Television etc!  The apartment is located in the diverse area of the 18th arr,  You will see the true Parisian life as well easily access the metro to be in heart of the 1st Arr in 10 mins.  Very convenient! 2 min walk from both 4 & 12 Metro lines.
30524	We have a big and bright living room that has a large balcony where you can enjoy a glass of wine! Possibility to accommodate 4 people and a baby (one bedroom with double bed, a sofabed and a baby cot)	Our apartment is ideal to visit Paris with family or friends. Located a few minutes walk from Montmartre, in a pleasant and lively neighborhood. A 2-minute walk from public transport and shops nearby. We have a big and bright living room that has a large balcony where you can enjoy a glass of wine! Possibility to accommodate 4 people and a baby (one bedroom with double bed, a sofabed and a baby cot) Here are some details of the apartment: - Spacious living room with sofabed (a comfortable one) - Large dining room table - Kitchen with everything needed for cooking lovers - Large balcony (table and chairs) - Bathroom with shower - WC - Quiet room - Possibility to accommodate families (cot, bath, changing table). - TV and DVD library - Wifi We will give you the best addresses in the area (we have a few!) We are located in a lovely neighborhood, with restaurants, small shops and  a small market on the street on sunday mornings (the street becomes pedestrian that day). The Sacré Coeur is lo
30525	Le logement est petit mais possède tous les charmes de l'ancien à Paris: Parquet et cheminée le tout sous les toits!	Joli petit studio très bien agencé. Il est situé à 100m du métro et des bus, et à peu près à 15min à pied du sacré coeur de Montmartre. Parlo italiano. Ich rede auch Deutsch. English spoken. Le logement est petit mais possède tous les charmes de l'ancien à Paris: Parquet et cheminée le tout sous les toits! Vous aurez l’ensemble du studio, ainsi que l'accès au WC sur palier, fermés à clef et partagés avec un seul voisin. Attention, le studio est au 6ème sans ascenseur. Parisien depuis toujours, je vous apporterai avec plaisir quelques conseils sur la ville. Je pourrais aussi vous informer sur le quartier, car j'ai habité le studio pendant plus de 2 ans. Check-in à 19h au plus tôt en semaine, ou arrangement avec un ami.
30526	A large living room with an opened kitchen, a practical bedroom with a king size bed, separate bathroom and toilets and a lovely terrace to enjoy breakfast, lunch or dinner. Perfect place for a couple willing to visit Paris.	Lovely 2-room appartment (55 m²) fully equiped at the 5th floor near Montmartre/Sacré Coeur (perfect for a couple willing to visit Paris). Sunny all during the day with a lovely terrace on which you can enjoy breakfast, lunch or dinner. A large living room with an opened kitchen, a practical bedroom with a king size bed, separate bathroom and toilets and a lovely terrace to enjoy breakfast, lunch or dinner. Perfect place for a couple willing to visit Paris. Full flat The building has been recently renovated and neighbours are really friendly. Nearest metro stations: - Guy Moquet - Lamarck - Porte de Saint-Ouen
30527	Charming apartment of 36 m² with a large living room and a sofa bed for two people, an open plan kitchen, a bedroom with two single beds that can be joined to make a double bed, and a small bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Renovations were made last fall, the furniture is simple and modern. Access to the garden in front of the apartment is of course allowed, children can play safely because the garden is separated from the street by a fence. Just next door is the square Junot, with a playground for children. In the heart of Montmartre, a famous artists spot in Paris, the apartment is adjacent to the painter Gen Paul's gallery, a few minutes walk from the Moulin de la Galette, and the Place du Tertre is just up the street.  At night, this area of the hill is deserted by tourists, coaches are prohibited. The neighbourhood is residential and yet close to small bars and cafes of Montmartre.	Charming apartment of 36 m² with a large living room and a sofa bed for two people, an open plan kitchen, a bedroom with two single beds that can be joined to make a double bed, and a small bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Renovations were made last fall, the furniture is simple and modern. Access to the garden in front of the apartment is of course allowed, children can play safely because the garden is separated from the street by a fence. Just next door is the square Junot, with a playground for children. In the heart of Montmartre, a famous artists spot in Paris, the apartment is adjacent to the painter Gen Paul's gallery, a few minutes walk from the Moulin de la Galette, and the Place du Tertre is just up the street.  At night, this area of the hill is deserted by tourists, coaches are prohibited. The neighbourhood is residential and yet close to small bars and cafes of Montmartre. Parking spaces around the apartment are free on weekends, holidays and in august but you have 
30528		Très grande chambre indépendante, avec coin salon avec piano et coin chambre avec un grand lit. Calme, sur court. Dans une grande collocation de trentenaire dynamiques et polyglottes ! Possibilité d'ajouter un matelas supplémentaire par terre.
30529	Located in Paris' 18th arrondissement of Château Rouge, near the Butte Montmartre. In the heart of the historic district of Paris, on the 2nd floor (no elevator) of a typical Parisian building, a charming 2-room apartment 35 m2  Molded ceilings, parquet. This apartment consists of an entrance, an US kitchen, a living / dining room, a bedroom and a bathroom . The entrance  distributes all rooms . The US kitchen is fully equipped with a ceramic hob, washing machine, oven, refrigerator, freezer, coffee machine, and a bar with two high chairs. The living room is composed : sofa, dining table, chairs, more storage and a library and an office. Mirror, lamps, TV,  dock station ..... There is sofa bed (for 2 people) The bedroom: a double bed 140x180, a desk The bathroom: sink,  beautiful Italian shower  and many storage  Separate WC There is a sliding door for the living and bedroom/ bathroom  Free Wi-Fi Internet. Linen and towels provided Complete crockery and cooking utensils provided.  Curt	    Located in Paris' 18th arrondissement of Château Rouge, close to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. In the heart of the historic district of Paris, on the 2nd floor of a typical Parisian building, a charming 2 rooms apartment 35 m2     Located in Paris' 18th arrondissement of Château Rouge, near the Butte Montmartre. In the heart of the historic district of Paris, on the 2nd floor (no elevator) of a typical Parisian building, a charming 2-room apartment 35 m2  Molded ceilings, parquet. This apartment consists of an entrance, an US kitchen, a living / dining room, a bedroom and a bathroom . The entrance  distributes all rooms . The US kitchen is fully equipped with a ceramic hob, washing machine, oven, refrigerator, freezer, coffee machine, and a bar with two high chairs. The living room is composed : sofa, dining table, chairs, more storage and a library and an office. Mirror, lamps, TV,  dock station ..... There is sofa bed (for 2 people) The bedroom: a double bed 140x180, a desk The bat
30530	A Louer chambre indépendante de 14m2 dans F3 proche de Montmartre, Jules Joffrin, Porte de Clignancourt à Paris, 2e étage avec ascenceur, habité par un couple sans enfants.  Le chambre communique avec une terrasse équipée d'une table de jardin où vous pouvez vous détendre, fumer, déjeuner. Salle de bains avec baignoire, toilettes séparées. Proche des transports (l.4 et 12) et commerces, quartier vivant.  Restaurants proches: cuisine française, pizzeria, indien, africain, crêperie. Salle de concerts l'Olympic café. Vous trouverez tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin sur les boulevards Ornano et Barbés, le quartier offre également un vaste choix d'épiceries africaines orientales et asiatiques.  Le célèbre marché au tissus et la Butte Montmartre sont à 10 mns à pied seulement.  Présence de deux chats dans l'appartement. Café et thé compris, petit déjeuner et autres repas possibles avec supplément. La location comprend : la chambre équipée d'une bouilloire, de serviettes de bain,draps	A Louer chambre indépendante de 14m2 dans F3 proche de Montmartre, Jules Joffrin, Porte de Clignancourt à Paris, 2e étage avec ascenceur, habité par un couple sans enfants.  Le chambre communique avec une terrasse équipée d'une table de jardin où vous pouvez vous détendre, fumer, déjeuner. Salle de bains avec baignoire, toilettes séparées. Proche des transports (l.4 et 12) et commerces, quartier vivant.  Restaurants proches: cuisine française, pizzeria, indien, africain, crêperie. Salle de concerts l'Olympic café. Vous trouverez tous les commerces dont vous aurez besoin sur les boulevards Ornano et Barbés, le quartier offre également un vaste choix d'épiceries africaines orientales et asiatiques.  Le célèbre marché au tissus et la Butte Montmartre sont à 10 mns à pied seulement.  Présence de deux chats dans l'appartement. Café et thé compris, petit déjeuner et autres repas possibles avec supplément. La location comprend : la chambre équipée d'une bouilloire, de serviettes de bain,draps
30531	Experience sharing the life of a Parisian artist in the Montmartre area.	Simple room, double futon bed, in a 60 sq. meter artist flat. Shared bathroom and living room. Shared Wifi, washing machine, fridge. Close to metro, 4th floor no lift. No smoking in room but OK in living. Breakfast tea, coffee, bred, butter and jam. Experience sharing the life of a Parisian artist in the Montmartre area. Kitchen, bathroom (with bath tub), Wifi, iron and iron board provided. I am a social person. At the foot of Montmartre hill. Lively, friendly area. Shops and market close by. Two metro lines accessible (4 and 12). Two metro stations close by. 20 minutes away from city centre.
30532	Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in a typical Parisian building with kitchen opening into the living room + a cozy room at your disposal at the foot of Montmartre. Located in a quiet environment, this apartment has an ideal location near the rue Lamarck, the Abbesses district and the Sacré Coeur. Ideal for a couple and / or two friends.	Cozy apartment in a friendly and lively neighborhood. Can comfortably accommodate two people. Equipped kitchen at your disposal. Enjoy the best of what Paris has to offer in a short time. Close to Metro (Line 12 and 13) Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in a typical Parisian building with kitchen opening into the living room + a cozy room at your disposal at the foot of Montmartre. Located in a quiet environment, this apartment has an ideal location near the rue Lamarck, the Abbesses district and the Sacré Coeur. Ideal for a couple and / or two friends. The apartment is fully equipped: double bed, sofa, wardrobe, wireless internet, washing machine, iron and ironing board, shower room: towels, shampoo and shower gel. A fully equipped kitchen: refrigerator, stove, kettle, toaster, ... The apartment at the foot of Montmartre in a nice, lively and pleasant area. You find a lot of local shops (deli, butcher, bakery, cheese, wine shop, market, bars, etc.) for your daily shopping and many bistro to
30533	"Nice independent bedroom of 15M2  in my flat : 80M2 Montmartre 75018 Paris.  Close to shops and tube. In sharing Toilets and bathroom and kitchen.   Tube station ""GUY MOQUET"" blue line 13. 5 stations from ""Champs Elysées"" on the same line.  Very practical..."	"Nice independent bedroom of 15M2  in my flat : 80M2 Montmartre 75018 Paris.  Close to shops and tube. In sharing Toilets and bathroom and kitchen.   Tube station ""GUY MOQUET"" blue line 13. 5 stations from ""Champs Elysées"" on the same line.  Very practical..."
30534	The flat has two room. The other one, is use by my dear roommate.  It's very comfortable for one or two person (two bed). Or a couple. All comforts. 	"Room of 13m2, clean and sunny. Perfect for travellers. two beds. Flat shared very well placed: transport, tourist areas, services. The flat has two room. The other one, is use by my dear roommate.  It's very comfortable for one or two person (two bed). Or a couple. All comforts.  The room is private. The share areas are the kitchen, a little hallway, and the bathroom. There're internet, heating, fridge, etc.  We are a friendly ""colocation"" (flat sharing). My roommate, who lives in the other room, is a kind and responsible person. We always share with the travelers. We talk spanish, french, and english.   The flat is very well placed.  Only ten minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur (butte de Montmartre), in the 18th district, and It's very close to a metro station (line 4, connected with all other lines). Only 5 minutes  to the Gare du Nord Station (RER B, for go to Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports). "
30535	The kitchen is  spacious and you'll enjoy cooking or having breakfasts there for 4 person. Full apartment, on the 3rd floor with  elevator,  equipped with washing machine, kettle, oven, toaster. 1x 2 people bed in the bedroom (160 cm) 1x 2 people convertible sofa in the living room  (140 cm) 2 superpose bed in the bedroom of childrens (90 cm each) Wifi and TV. Check in usually at 12noon and check out at 12am but I can be flexible depending on guest's arrivals / departures An extra mandatory 50 euros applies for cleaning	Live like a French! The apartment is comfortable and quiet. The area is charming, lively, Parisian, multi-cultural, up and coming, near Montmartre Sacre-Coeur and Place du Tertre and puces of Saint Ouen . Amazing tasty restaurants, cheese shops... The kitchen is  spacious and you'll enjoy cooking or having breakfasts there for 4 person. Full apartment, on the 3rd floor with  elevator,  equipped with washing machine, kettle, oven, toaster. 1x 2 people bed in the bedroom (160 cm) 1x 2 people convertible sofa in the living room  (140 cm) 2 superpose bed in the bedroom of childrens (90 cm each) Wifi and TV. Check in usually at 12noon and check out at 12am but I can be flexible depending on guest's arrivals / departures An extra mandatory 50 euros applies for cleaning I speak french, English. Any questions I'm disponible. Montmartre is traditionally the arty neighborhood so it always attracted lower income people which makes it such an interesting area.  Many tasty restaurants, cheese shops
30536	Mon appartement typique parisien vous permettra de profiter de Paris ainsi que de vous reposer dans ce lieu cosy et raffiné.	Bienvenue dans mon appartement situé dans une rue très animée et commerçante du 18 eme à 10 minutes  à pieds du Sacré Coeur. Il se situe au 5ème étage sans ascenseur ( escaliers faciles) vue dégagée , lumineux et donnant sur cour . Salon spacieux avec canapé lit, chambre séparée. Mon appartement typique parisien vous permettra de profiter de Paris ainsi que de vous reposer dans ce lieu cosy et raffiné. Metro Jules Joffrin. Je suis avant tout une grande voyageuse.  Je pratique plusieurs langues (le Français, l'italien, l'anglais ainsi que l'espagnol).  Je suis également une hôte qui connait Paris comme sa poche. Dans le quartier très animé du 18eme, à deux pas de Montmartre. Metro Jules Joffrin qui dessert Saint Lazare et Montparnasse  (Ligne 12)  Multitudes de bus afin de traverser Paris de haut en large (bus 85 et 60) Cuisine complètement équipée ainsi que la salle de bain (machine à laver...)
30537	Artist's studio , bohemian atmosphere . Cocoon on a luminous courtyard , very quiet. Ideal to discover Paris like to work as its location protects it from the noise but is very close to public transport.	"Artist's studio , bohemian atmosphere . Cocoon on a luminous courtyard , very quiet. Ideal to discover Paris like to work as its location protects it from the noise but is very close to public transport. A main room with a bed. A bathroom with a shower, toilet and sink. A small kitchen with a sink, refrigerator , oven micro waves/convection, electric kettle, toaster ... + Wifi and Television. Anytime I can I will be here to welcome travelers to present the apartment and to eventually tell them about the neighborhood and give them all the necessary informations. I can be reach by phone, text or email all the time. The neighborhood is multi-faceted . The studio is located between the districts:  - Jules Joffrin ( "" family bobo"" area with lots of shops, cafés, market)  - Lamarck Caulaincourt ( chic & residential , with many bars, rendez-vous of hipsters )  - Clignancourt - Ramey ( hip , cool, very near the Sacré Coeur )  - Goutte d'or ( often misunderstood and poorly known but very intere"
30538	Bonjour, Je propose une chambre et une cuisine équipée pour vous restaurer dans un grand appartement situé entre les puces de St Ouen et la butte Montmartre, au Nord de Paris. A 5min de la station de métro Porte de Clignancourt sur la ligne 4, à 20min de Châtelet/Les Halles, cet appartement vous permettra de visiter Paris idéalement et de sortir le soir puisqu'il y a des métro qui arrivent jusqu'à 2h du matin. Après il y a un bus de nuit. Un frigidaire est à votre disposition si vous voulez acheter de quoi manger et le stocker. Il y a une table pour prendre votre petit déjeuner le matin, ainsi que vos repas de midi et du soir si vous le souhaitez.  Il y a bien sûr internet et vous pourrez vous connectez. Pour le reste posez moi vos questions! Draps, couverture et serviettes de toilette à disposition. Je vous invite à lire le règlement intérieur.  L'appartement est spacieux et il n'y a jamais eut de problème jusqu'à maintenant mais il faut juste s'organiser car mon ami et moi partageron	Bonjour, Je propose une chambre et une cuisine équipée pour vous restaurer dans un grand appartement situé entre les puces de St Ouen et la butte Montmartre, au Nord de Paris. A 5min de la station de métro Porte de Clignancourt sur la ligne 4, à 20min de Châtelet/Les Halles, cet appartement vous permettra de visiter Paris idéalement et de sortir le soir puisqu'il y a des métro qui arrivent jusqu'à 2h du matin. Après il y a un bus de nuit. Un frigidaire est à votre disposition si vous voulez acheter de quoi manger et le stocker. Il y a une table pour prendre votre petit déjeuner le matin, ainsi que vos repas de midi et du soir si vous le souhaitez.  Il y a bien sûr internet et vous pourrez vous connectez. Pour le reste posez moi vos questions! Draps, couverture et serviettes de toilette à disposition. Je vous invite à lire le règlement intérieur.  L'appartement est spacieux et il n'y a jamais eut de problème jusqu'à maintenant mais il faut juste s'organiser car mon ami et moi partageron
30539	Big studio divided in 2 spaces (living-room and sleeping area) with a separate bathroom. I live in this flat the rest of the time. I bought it last summer, renovated everything and take a great care of it. All my friends love the flat and I also enjoy living there a lot. VERY GOOD LOCATION You can see the subway station from the window ! 30 meters away from a supermarket and the metro station Marcadet-Poissonniers: very handy lines 12 et 4.  ALL MAJORS SIGHTS DIRECT ON LINES 4 AND 12. => Reach the beautiful Montmartre / Abbesses area in 10 minutes (direct on line 12) or by foot (15mn). Old Paris of Amelie with iconic Sacré-Choeur church. => Reach Madeleine, Concorde, Saint-Lazare in 20 minutes (direct line 12) => Reach the center of Paris (Le Marais), hip Rue Montorgueil, the Seine in 20 minutes on line 4, Rive Gauche with Notre-dame, Saint-Germain in 25 mln, direct on line 4. VIEW ON TREES, LOTS OF LIGHT, QUIET 3d floor, nice east view on a residence garden. A lot of light all day lon	Big studio divided in 2 spaces (living-room and sleeping area) with a separate bathroom. I live in this flat the rest of the time. I bought it last summer, renovated everything and take a great care of it. All my friends love the flat and I also enjoy living there a lot. VERY GOOD LOCATION You can see the subway station from the window ! 30 meters away from a supermarket and the metro station Marcadet-Poissonniers: very handy lines 12 et 4.  ALL MAJORS SIGHTS DIRECT ON LINES 4 AND 12. => Reach the beautiful Montmartre / Abbesses area in 10 minutes (direct on line 12) or by foot (15mn). Old Paris of Amelie with iconic Sacré-Choeur church. => Reach Madeleine, Concorde, Saint-Lazare in 20 minutes (direct line 12) => Reach the center of Paris (Le Marais), hip Rue Montorgueil, the Seine in 20 minutes on line 4, Rive Gauche with Notre-dame, Saint-Germain in 25 mln, direct on line 4. VIEW ON TREES, LOTS OF LIGHT, QUIET 3d floor, nice east view on a residence garden. A lot of light all day lon
30540	Il s'agit dune chambre lumineuse avec petit balcon (2 chaises, une table) d'environ 12m2. À l'intérieur : Lit deux places type BZ, télévision, internet, bureau, fauteuil et même Gamecube !	Chambre de 13m2 lumineuse, avec petit balcon proche de tous commerces : Montmartre, marché de l'olive, boulangerie, Monoprix... Dans un appartement T2 de 32m2, en compagnie d'une colocataire (24ans salarié) qui a également sa propre chambre. Il s'agit dune chambre lumineuse avec petit balcon (2 chaises, une table) d'environ 12m2. À l'intérieur : Lit deux places type BZ, télévision, internet, bureau, fauteuil et même Gamecube ! Vous aurez accès donc au balcon, à la salle de bain (machine à laver, baignoire), naturellement au WC séparé de la sdb, à la cuisine, au couloir d'entrée et au local à vélo. Si besoin vous pourrez me contacter à tout moment, je serai disponible tout le long.
30541	Very nice studio from an Artist/Photographer  living in the 18eme ( Montmartre)  The apartment is at the 2nd floor, very bright ! The kitchen has a fridge, microwave, 2 hotplates, an expresso machine and a juice blender. The bathroom has a shower, toilet and sink. Near the apartment, you'll find all the shops you need : a big supermarket, little groceries, bakeries... The very lively shopping street Rue du Poteau, at 2 minutes walk, proposes you all the typical french shops you dream of : cheese shops, wine shops, butcher shops, delicatessens, and a vegetable and fruit market every day ! Many nice bars, cafés and good restaurants around. The amazing Montmartre area with the Sacré Coeur is at just 5 minutes walk. The Metro Simplon with the line 4 offers you a direct and quick transportation down trough all Paris : it's direct to Beaubourg, the Seine, Quartier St Germain,  3 railstations, ect ...  The station Jules Joffrin, line 12, is also less than 5 minutes walking and is really pract	Very nice studio from an Artist/Photographer  living in the 18eme ( Montmartre)  The apartment is at the 2nd floor, very bright ! The kitchen has a fridge, microwave, 2 hotplates, an expresso machine and a juice blender. The bathroom has a shower, toilet and sink. Near the apartment, you'll find all the shops you need : a big supermarket, little groceries, bakeries... The very lively shopping street Rue du Poteau, at 2 minutes walk, proposes you all the typical french shops you dream of : cheese shops, wine shops, butcher shops, delicatessens, and a vegetable and fruit market every day ! Many nice bars, cafés and good restaurants around. The amazing Montmartre area with the Sacré Coeur is at just 5 minutes walk. The Metro Simplon with the line 4 offers you a direct and quick transportation down trough all Paris : it's direct to Beaubourg, the Seine, Quartier St Germain,  3 railstations, ect ...  The station Jules Joffrin, line 12, is also less than 5 minutes walking and is really pract
30542	Hello! This is 40 sqm on the sixth floor with no elevator, the flat is situated in a very lively neighborhood on the north side of Montmartre, away from the beaten track, for a typical parisian experience. The neighbourhood is one of the few last authentical parisian ones, inter twined with multicultural people. Many grocery stores, restaurants, markets are at a walking range and there are good metro and bus connections to go everywhere in Paris. You're 10mn walk from le Sacré Coeur on the top of Montmarte et 15mn walks from Les Puces de Saint Ouen!!  This is our flat we let when we are away, not a flat designed only for visitors, so that our guests really feel at home, living in Paris. The flat has 2 rooms : 1  bedroom (mezzanine bed ) and   a sofa  which can also be turned into a double bed  .   The kitchen has all amenities and everything to cook, the bathroom has a bath Équipements intérieurs : Cuisine (Plaque de cuisson, Four, Micro-onde, Réfrigérateur, Cafetière, Grille-pain, vai	This is our flat we let when we are away, not a flat designed only for visitors, so that our guests really feel at home, living in Paris. Hello! This is 40 sqm on the sixth floor with no elevator, the flat is situated in a very lively neighborhood on the north side of Montmartre, away from the beaten track, for a typical parisian experience. The neighbourhood is one of the few last authentical parisian ones, inter twined with multicultural people. Many grocery stores, restaurants, markets are at a walking range and there are good metro and bus connections to go everywhere in Paris. You're 10mn walk from le Sacré Coeur on the top of Montmarte et 15mn walks from Les Puces de Saint Ouen!!  This is our flat we let when we are away, not a flat designed only for visitors, so that our guests really feel at home, living in Paris. The flat has 2 rooms : 1  bedroom (mezzanine bed ) and   a sofa  which can also be turned into a double bed  .   The kitchen has all amenities and everything to cook,
30543	This charming flat has a large flowery terrace with a leather sofa, a wooden decoration, a metal table, rosebushes and many other flowers. A unique place for dinners and romantic breakfasts. In a good standing building, the apartment is on the 6th and last floor (without elevator). It is very bright with windows everywhere opening to a very quiet courtyard. You won't be disturbed by the noises of the street or the neighborhood. You'll only hear the birds. There's a large living room with an open-plan kitchen, an office corner, and a relaxing space with sofa and television. Beside there is a dressing room to store your clothes. The bathroom has a bathtub sun-kissed in the morning and a towel warmer. Toilet are separated. Located in the vivid and authentic area close to Montmartre. Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the most romantic part of Paris ! Ce charmant appartement est exceptionnel pour sa grande terrasse très bien aménagée : canapé en cuir, décoration en bois et métal, rosiers	Very quiet apartment with a big flowery terrace. Ideal for romantic stay !  Situated in a lively street with great restaurants, wine merchants and pleasant cafés. 10min walk from the Sacré Coeur. Close to two subway stations to visit quietly Paris. This charming flat has a large flowery terrace with a leather sofa, a wooden decoration, a metal table, rosebushes and many other flowers. A unique place for dinners and romantic breakfasts. In a good standing building, the apartment is on the 6th and last floor (without elevator). It is very bright with windows everywhere opening to a very quiet courtyard. You won't be disturbed by the noises of the street or the neighborhood. You'll only hear the birds. There's a large living room with an open-plan kitchen, an office corner, and a relaxing space with sofa and television. Beside there is a dressing room to store your clothes. The bathroom has a bathtub sun-kissed in the morning and a towel warmer. Toilet are separated. Located in the vivid 
30544	Near Montmartre, this flat has a massive living space with dining area makes for a great place to chill. 100m2 patio with  trees will permit breakfast and barbecue whenever you wish. Perfect for family/friends holidays. 1 parental bedroom with double bed  1 bedroom with double bed  1 bedroom  with two single beds. 2 bathrooms 2 toilets separated Oven, micro-waves, dishwasher, washing machine, Internet, wi-fi, cafetière, iron, hoover barbecue Métro, bus & taxis nearby :  - 50 meters Boulangeries, greengrocer, supermarket etc... - de 50 meters	Near Montmartre, this flat has a massive living space with dining area makes for a great place to chill. 100m2 patio with  trees will permit breakfast and barbecue whenever you wish. Perfect for family/friends holidays. 1 parental bedroom with double bed  1 bedroom with double bed  1 bedroom  with two single beds. 2 bathrooms 2 toilets separated Oven, micro-waves, dishwasher, washing machine, Internet, wi-fi, cafetière, iron, hoover barbecue Métro, bus & taxis nearby :  - 50 meters Boulangeries, greengrocer, supermarket etc... - de 50 meters
30545	In the heart of the Montmartre Village, at few meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt, you will stay in a charming apartment of 90 sqm with 2 bedrooms and well furnished. Description  Once you pass the entry hall, you will enter in a large living-room with a dining table, 2 large sofas, a coffe-table anf few comfortable chairs. There is a balcony along the linving room  - Independant kitchen, with a small opening on the living room. Fully equipped, you will find a oven, a washing machin with dryer, a washer, hob,... - One double bedroom with sofa bed for two persons  - Independant toilets - Shower room - Second bedroom with one double bed, cupboards, side tables, large carpet - Adjoining bathroom with toilets 	In the heart of the Montmartre Village, at few meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt, you will stay in a charming apartment of 90 sqm with 2 bedrooms and well furnished. Description  Once you pass the entry hall, you will enter in a large living-room with a dining table, 2 large sofas, a coffe-table anf few comfortable chairs. There is a balcony along the linving room  - Independant kitchen, with a small opening on the living room. Fully equipped, you will find a oven, a washing machin with dryer, a washer, hob,... - One double bedroom with sofa bed for two persons  - Independant toilets - Shower room - Second bedroom with one double bed, cupboards, side tables, large carpet - Adjoining bathroom with toilets The apartment is completly private.  On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have. We will also m
30546	They are two  independent binomial housing newly refurbished situated on ground floor of a peacefull courtyard of a building , with two bed rooms (bed 160X200) two living rooms (sofa convertibles( 140X200) two bathrooms with shower  Two kitchen, one with drying washing machine, the other one with dishwasher., a Nespresso  maachine for those who like the good coffee The style is contemporary in a  Parisian building of the 1850s.  Ideal for two families which want be together while keeping their independence.. Situated in a very alive  district  of Paris  which looks like a village with numerous restaurants, coffees, shops  opened every day and till late in the night.  Just a step from the Moulin Rouge and from the Mill of the Pancake (Moulin de la Galette),  10 minutes by foot of the Sacré Coeur in 5 minutes away fro metro station Blanche (line 2) who takes you to Champs Elysees, Place de l'Etoile and  the Eiffel Tower and  5 minutes away also of the metro station .Abbesses who leads yo	These two apartments in thE groundfloor of the same building in the district of Abbesses in Montmartre allow d to welcome 8 people ideal  for two families which want to be together while keeping one certain independence They are two  independent binomial housing newly refurbished situated on ground floor of a peacefull courtyard of a building , with two bed rooms (bed 160X200) two living rooms (sofa convertibles( 140X200) two bathrooms with shower  Two kitchen, one with drying washing machine, the other one with dishwasher., a Nespresso  maachine for those who like the good coffee The style is contemporary in a  Parisian building of the 1850s.  Ideal for two families which want be together while keeping their independence.. Situated in a very alive  district  of Paris  which looks like a village with numerous restaurants, coffees, shops  opened every day and till late in the night.  Just a step from the Moulin Rouge and from the Mill of the Pancake (Moulin de la Galette),  10 minutes b
30547	Brand new charming 31sqm appt.  Make your stay comfortable: 1 double and 1 single pull-out bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, linens, TV with international channels, free wifi internet connection	Brand new charming 31sqm appt.  Make your stay comfortable: 1 double and 1 single pull-out bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, linens, TV with international channels, free wifi internet connection Very close to gare du Nord / Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport, Gare de l'est, Gare ST Lazarre. Easy & direct access from Gare Montparnasse & gare de Lyon. phone, emails Quiet district. convenience stores. markets Close access to J Joffrin, Pte Clignancourt& G. Moquet metros. Short walk to  Montmartre, Abbesses & Puces de ST Ouen.  you will love the place and have a great stay in Paris!!
30548	"The flat is in a ""house"", there is only 6 flats in the building/house.  It's very calm, so it's important to be quiet, especially in the stairs.  The house is very secure. About the appartment:  It's on the 3rd and last floor. There is a nice space for the living room with a sofa and an armchair (very old..so quite fragile!!), a large desk, Wifi The bedroom is in the same area, but slightly separed. The separated kitchen is spacious, equipped with a fridge, hot plates, toaster, kettle, tableware, cafetière In the bathroom, there is a shower with shampoo and towels that you can use during your stay."	"Charming 35m2 flat, with a living room and sleeping area with confortable bed, spacious kitchen and bathroom.  The location is secure and quiet, at 15mn walk to the heart of Montmartre. Close to metro/buses, to easily shift to must-see places. The flat is in a ""house"", there is only 6 flats in the building/house.  It's very calm, so it's important to be quiet, especially in the stairs.  The house is very secure. About the appartment:  It's on the 3rd and last floor. There is a nice space for the living room with a sofa and an armchair (very old..so quite fragile!!), a large desk, Wifi The bedroom is in the same area, but slightly separed. The separated kitchen is spacious, equipped with a fridge, hot plates, toaster, kettle, tableware, cafetière In the bathroom, there is a shower with shampoo and towels that you can use during your stay. All the appartment!! Métro 12 - Jules Joffrin Métro 13 - Porte de Saint Ouen Métro 4 - Porte de Clignancourt Bus 60 et 95"
30549	Spacious and comfortable duplex right in the thick of the color, culture and charm that is Montmartre. Clean, modern and minimalist design in a quiet building. Relaxed outdoor patio on the ground floor. Ideal for a group of friends, several couples or a large family. Well-equipped for a relaxed and hassle-free holiday, including wi-fi internet. Ideally located on the buzzing Rue d’Orsel. A short climb to the Basilic Sacre Cœur and a few streets away from the theatres, music bars, restaurants and cafés of the neighborhood. One block away from the closest métro station, and from there 10 minutes away from the rest of Paris. Area Description The bohemian capital of France, Montmartre has been home to artists, performers and lovers of the arts for hundreds of years. It is ideally located a few metro stops away from all the major sites at the heart of Paris. The quarter itself boasts its own unforgettable sites such as the Basilic Sacre Cœur, the Dali Museum, the Moulin Rouge, not to mentio	Spacious and comfortable 80 m2 Duplex; Upstairs, 3 bedrooms (1 with 2 single beds and 2 with 1 double bed, free baby bed upon request) and a bathroom with bathtub and toilet. Downstairs, separate toilette, fully equiped kitchen and dining area Spacious and comfortable duplex right in the thick of the color, culture and charm that is Montmartre. Clean, modern and minimalist design in a quiet building. Relaxed outdoor patio on the ground floor. Ideal for a group of friends, several couples or a large family. Well-equipped for a relaxed and hassle-free holiday, including wi-fi internet. Ideally located on the buzzing Rue d’Orsel. A short climb to the Basilic Sacre Cœur and a few streets away from the theatres, music bars, restaurants and cafés of the neighborhood. One block away from the closest métro station, and from there 10 minutes away from the rest of Paris. Area Description The bohemian capital of France, Montmartre has been home to artists, performers and lovers of the arts for hu
30550		Montmartre (8 minutes) and Batignolles ( 8 minutes), very quiet, opens on a garden Ideally located in Guy Moquet area, many food stores, restaurants, metro and bus stations (1 minute)  1 living room , 1 large bedroom with a queen size bed, bath
30551	 - 65 m², top 5th floor, under the roof with exposed beams  - One large living room, 1 dining room, both rooms are very light due to 3 double windows leading to the balcony  - 2 rooms with double beds (each room has its window, one is very large, one is smaller)  - 1 Bathroom  - 1 kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dish-washer, oven, microwave etc.) 	Perfect location: Montmartre hill, 5th and top floor, long balcony with great view on Paris. Charming decoration: Exposed beams, lot of light (3 double windows in living), fireplace Accomodates 6 pers: 2 double bedrooms, one sofa bed in living  - 65 m², top 5th floor, under the roof with exposed beams  - One large living room, 1 dining room, both rooms are very light due to 3 double windows leading to the balcony  - 2 rooms with double beds (each room has its window, one is very large, one is smaller)  - 1 Bathroom  - 1 kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, dish-washer, oven, microwave etc.) Located on a typical Montmartre square with great atmosphere. Montmartre Basilique is 1 min away on foot. By car By Metro (3 lines, you can reach most part of Paris from those 3 lines)  - Line 2 : Anvers  - Line 4 : Chateau rouge  - Line 12: Abbesses I am fully available for any questions.  - The square were the apartment is located is really nice, it feels like a village square in Paris  - Many
30552		Très bel appartement lumineux décoré avec soin. Situation idéale, à Montmartre, au pied du Sacré Coeur. Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous. 5ème étage sans vis à vis.
30553	Quiet flat, cosy, convenient and close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. The apartment is perfect for a couple. Kitchen fully furnished.	Quiet flat, cosy, convenient and close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. The apartment is perfect for a couple. Kitchen fully furnished. I will provide you all the info about the best places to be in the area including underground and purely 'Parisien' places Lot of supermarkets, nice wine shop and restaurants in the area, including the best Indian restaurant in Paris! 5 minutes walk to 2 subways stations - Lines4 & 12 1 minute walk to bus station-Lines 60&95
30554	The neigborhood becomes a pedestrian area on weekends.	Our 1 bedroom is located near Sacre Coeur. It is around 60m2. This is a lively and typical parisian neighborhood with restaurants, bars and grocery stores. The apartment has 1 bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom, an full equipped kitchen and a living room The neigborhood becomes a pedestrian area on weekends. Guests will hace access to wireless internet, cable TV, kitchen, washer/dryer and iron. The apartment is located at walking distance from the beautiful mansions of avenue Junot, from Place du Tertre and Sacre Coeur and from Montmartre vineyard. Metro station lamarck-caulaincourt is 50 meters away
30555	Entrance - coat hanger - keychain - empty pocket Kitchen - Microwave - Hotplate with gas - Press coffee - Coffee Maker - fridge - household products - Manual washing machine with laundry + - Crockery Bathroom : - Shower - Shampoo + shower gel + toothpaste - 4 towels - balance - Instant heat Living room - 2 Chesterfield sofas - Fiber optic Internet - Fireplace - Printer Bedroom - Bed 2 places 200 x 160 cm - New mattress - wardrobe - desk - Large mirror	Entrance - coat hanger - keychain - empty pocket Kitchen - Microwave - Hotplate with gas - Press coffee - Coffee Maker - fridge - household products - Manual washing machine with laundry + - Crockery Bathroom : - Shower - Shampoo + shower gel + toothpaste - 4 towels - balance - Instant heat Living room - 2 Chesterfield sofas - Fiber optic Internet - Fireplace - Printer Bedroom - Bed 2 places 200 x 160 cm - New mattress - wardrobe - desk - Large mirror Métro 12 - Jules Joffrin Métro 13 - Porte de Saint Ouen Métro 4 - Porte de Clignancourt The apartment is located above a shop with the opening of the curtain at 8:30 AM and closing at 17:30 can be noisy.
30556	L'appartement est disponible à n'importe quel moment de l'année, voir calendrier 	Disponible de suite ! Un studio de 20m² entièrement refait à neuf en septembre 2014, se trouvant à 10min du Sacré Cœur dans le quartier du Montmartre 75018 PARIS. Équipé jusqu'aux verres à vin, fer à repasser, presse jus. Métro ligne: 4 et 12 L'appartement est disponible à n'importe quel moment de l'année, voir calendrier En metro : le terminus de la ligne 4 à Porte de Clignancourt. La station de Jules Joffrin de la ligne 12.  Par autobus: Pc 3. Par tramway ligne 3 Porte de la Chapelle Je me tiens à votre disposition pour les renseignements durant votre séjour. Montmartre; la basilique de Sacré Cœur à 10 min à pieds Quartier de la Goutte d'OR à 10 min à pied Pigalle à 20 min à pieds Les puces de porte de Clignancourt à 5 min à pieds La station de Châtelet en métro directement: 15 min Parking en bas de chez moi Porte d'entrée : fermée à code 4 étage vue sur la cour calme, pas de bruit
30557	This first floor apartment offers you all the comforts to ensure you the most wonderful stay in Paris.  Exposed beams make it a place of caractère , typically in the Montmartre style.  It is composed of two open spaces separated by two beams, with a bedroom (real bed) and another living room.  The functional kitchen communicates with the living room through the counter.  This is a very bright space with its three windows.  The bathroom has a bath, perfect for relaxing after a day of walk in the streets of the capital.	"Beautiful 30 m² appartement near of the area ""Les Abbesses"" and the Moulin Rouge, in the heart of Montmartre. Perfect place to stay in Paris and to take some rest ... This first floor apartment offers you all the comforts to ensure you the most wonderful stay in Paris.  Exposed beams make it a place of caractère , typically in the Montmartre style.  It is composed of two open spaces separated by two beams, with a bedroom (real bed) and another living room.  The functional kitchen communicates with the living room through the counter.  This is a very bright space with its three windows.  The bathroom has a bath, perfect for relaxing after a day of walk in the streets of the capital. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, washing machine, kettle, toaster.  The apartment has the wifi. Available on every day, I would be glad to welcome you and tell you about the best places to make your stay, an unforgetable one. Located in the heart of Montmartre, 300 meters "
30558	"Charming 2 rooms apartment, 40 square meters, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilets, one sofa bed (2 persons): one single bed (1person) and a bed to unfold (one person), in a lively area, behind the Sacré Coeur at metro Lamarck, many typical French restaurants and bars, all tourist places to visit around Montmartre within a walking distance, center of Paris 20 mn by metro.   Please note that late arrival (after 10pm) costs an extra 20 euros to give directly to the person who will host you (myself or a friend). I speak English, don""t hesitate to ask more questions"	"Charming 2 rooms apartment, 40 square meters, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilets, one sofa bed (2 persons): one single bed (1person) and a bed to unfold (one person), in a lively area, behind the Sacré Coeur at metro Lamarck, many typical French restaurants and bars, all tourist places to visit around Montmartre within a walking distance, center of Paris 20 mn by metro.   Please note that late arrival (after 10pm) costs an extra 20 euros to give directly to the person who will host you (myself or a friend). I speak English, don""t hesitate to ask more questions"
30559	This is a perfect studio, located in the historical heart of Montmartre, one of the loveliest and famous area in Paris. This apartment is situated on the sixth floor and can easily accommodates 2 guests. This is a perfect location to enjoy your stay in Paris. There is a large room which combines both the living room and the bedroom. There is a large sofa along with a coffee table, a LCD screen with international channels, many storage and also a double size bed. Beautifully appointed and impossibly functional, this studio is spacious and luminous with stunning views across Paris.   The kitchen is functional, fully-equipped and has many utensils and amenities you would require for your holidays in its ample storage.  The bathroom is large, renovated and has a bathtub. It is ideal after a long day out shopping. Towels are provided for you too! There is also a large south-facing balcony. For your comfort this flat has central heating throughout and free fast Wi-Fi internet access. Bedding	This is a perfect studio, located in the historical heart of Montmartre, one of the loveliest and famous area in Paris. This apartment is situated on the sixth floor and can easily accommodates 2 guests. This is a perfect studio, located in the historical heart of Montmartre, one of the loveliest and famous area in Paris. This apartment is situated on the sixth floor and can easily accommodates 2 guests. This is a perfect location to enjoy your stay in Paris. There is a large room which combines both the living room and the bedroom. There is a large sofa along with a coffee table, a LCD screen with international channels, many storage and also a double size bed. Beautifully appointed and impossibly functional, this studio is spacious and luminous with stunning views across Paris.   The kitchen is functional, fully-equipped and has many utensils and amenities you would require for your holidays in its ample storage.  The bathroom is large, renovated and has a bathtub. It is ideal after 
30560	Welcome to THE heart of Montmartre! Trendy, arty, bourgeois boheme this is where things happen! Within 5 min from subway lines 2, 4 and 12, you can easily visit Paris (15 minutes from Hotel de Ville). Supermarkets, bakeries, wineries, shops, galleries are litteraly next door. (we'll give you our recommendations) and everything that makes the charm of Montmartre Sacré Coeur Basilica, Le Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre ... The apartment is 50 sqm is quiet and very bright. It is on the 5th floor with elevator and is facing south. You can enjoy a fully equipped kitchen (induction stove, fridge, utensils), a bathroom with bathtub, a washing machine is also available. The whole apartment is covered by high speed fiber wifi. Your room is about 14 m², consists of a double bed (140 cm) with a mattress for comfort and has a large plasma screen.  We've got tons of recommandations for you and what we think are  really off the beaten track experiences in Paris and in particular in Montmartre. Live in	Please note this is a private room in the apartment we live in. Depending on our whereabouts me may or may not be present. However in case we are we will be glad to show you around and share our passion for Montmartre, Paris and travelling with you! Welcome to THE heart of Montmartre! Trendy, arty, bourgeois boheme this is where things happen! Within 5 min from subway lines 2, 4 and 12, you can easily visit Paris (15 minutes from Hotel de Ville). Supermarkets, bakeries, wineries, shops, galleries are litteraly next door. (we'll give you our recommendations) and everything that makes the charm of Montmartre Sacré Coeur Basilica, Le Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre ... The apartment is 50 sqm is quiet and very bright. It is on the 5th floor with elevator and is facing south. You can enjoy a fully equipped kitchen (induction stove, fridge, utensils), a bathroom with bathtub, a washing machine is also available. The whole apartment is covered by high speed fiber wifi. Your room is about 14 m²
30561	This is a 55m² flat, with 2 distincts rooms and 1 living room. The room available is well furnished, calm, and really confortable, as well as the full apartment. Fully equipped kitchen, 1 lovely living room, TV, wifi, 1 bathroom with bath/shower and washing machine, 1 toilet.	In the heart of Montmartre, just behind the hill, 1 private room available in a shared apartment, 2minutes walking distance from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12). This is a 55m² flat, with 2 distincts rooms and 1 living room. The room available is well furnished, calm, and really confortable, as well as the full apartment. Fully equipped kitchen, 1 lovely living room, TV, wifi, 1 bathroom with bath/shower and washing machine, 1 toilet. Full access except 1 room The flat is perfectly located to discover Parisian treasures, from the unique Montmartre hill to the trendy Pigalle area (full of bars, restaurants and nightclubs). You should adopt the parisian lifestyle instantly. You'll also find multiple traditional food shops, right in the street.
30562		Charmant appartement 2 pièces, au coeur de Montmartre. A deux pas de la rue des abbesses, dans une rue calme, c'est l'endroit parfait pour un weekend en amoureux ou pour des vacances. Calme et volupté sont les mots clés de ce nid douillé...
30563	Charmant 3 pièces entièrement équipé (TV, lecteur DVD, internet, téléphone, machine à laver) et refait à neuf.  L'appartement, très confortable est parfait pour accueillir 4 personnes grâce à ses deux chambres avec lits 2 places. Cuisine équipée : plaques vitro-céramiques, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, machine à laver, sèche linge Draps et serviettes fournis. C'est l'appartement idéal pour une famille ou des amis qui souhaitent  vivre comme des parisiens pendant quelques jours ! Charming apartment, fully equipped (TV, DVD player, internet, phone, linen, and crockery) and recently refurbished. This three rooms apartment is very comfortable, perfect to accommodate 4 persons with its double beds. Kitchen: ceramic hob, microwave, fridge, washing machine. Linen and towels are provided. This is the perfect apartment to live like a Parisian for a few days!	Charmant 3 pièces entièrement équipé (TV, lecteur DVD, internet, téléphone, machine à laver) et refait à neuf.  L'appartement, très confortable est parfait pour accueillir 4 personnes grâce à ses deux chambres avec lits 2 places. Cuisine équipée : plaques vitro-céramiques, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, machine à laver, sèche linge Draps et serviettes fournis. C'est l'appartement idéal pour une famille ou des amis qui souhaitent  vivre comme des parisiens pendant quelques jours ! Charming apartment, fully equipped (TV, DVD player, internet, phone, linen, and crockery) and recently refurbished. This three rooms apartment is very comfortable, perfect to accommodate 4 persons with its double beds. Kitchen: ceramic hob, microwave, fridge, washing machine. Linen and towels are provided. This is the perfect apartment to live like a Parisian for a few days! Je me tiens à votre disposition à votre arrivée puis durant tout votre séjour si vous avez des questions ou si vous rencontrez un problème. 
30564	In the heart of Montmartre, close from the start of the funicular and only 50 meters away from Montmartrobus stop that will take you effortlessly to the famous Sacré Cœur Church! The flat is located only 5 minutes by feet from 2 Metro stations: Abbesses and Anvers. It has been recently renovated, clean & bright, it's the perfect place to spend a romantic trip in Paris. The flat is on the 1st floor and has a huge private terrace with trees. Fully equipped : TV  WiFi  Toaster  Kettle  Hairdryer  Central Board Steam Iron Sheets and towels provided. The studio is the ideal starting point to discover the last authentic village of Paris and explore the numerous attractions of the capital. The flat is located in one of the most lively neighborhood offering lots restaurants, bars and supermarkets.  If you want to dine out we’ll be happy to recommend you good restaurants, including one led by me, your host, located below the apartment. Looking forward to welcome you! 	In the heart of Montmartre, close from the start of the funicular and only 50 meters away from Montmartrobus stop that will take you effortlessly to the famous Sacré Cœur Church! The flat is located only 5 minutes by feet from 2 Metro stations: Abbesses and Anvers. It has been recently renovated, clean & bright, it's the perfect place to spend a romantic trip in Paris. The flat is on the 1st floor and has a huge private terrace with trees. Fully equipped : TV  WiFi  Toaster  Kettle  Hairdryer  Central Board Steam Iron Sheets and towels provided. The studio is the ideal starting point to discover the last authentic village of Paris and explore the numerous attractions of the capital. The flat is located in one of the most lively neighborhood offering lots restaurants, bars and supermarkets.  If you want to dine out we’ll be happy to recommend you good restaurants, including one led by me, your host, located below the apartment. Looking forward to welcome you! 
30565	Experience Paris as the French do in this beautiful recently refurbished apartment situated in a quiet street with a relaxed atmosphere of Montmartre.  This apartment is approximately 40m2 and has recently been refurbished and decorated , It consists of a fully functional kitchen with all the necessities such as oven, fridge, microwave, dishes, cutlery etc.  It is located in a typical Parisian building full of culture.  Relax in the open living area and enjoy watching international TV and access the free WIFI Internet. In the living/kitchen area you will be beamed with natural light from the windows that overlook the amazing and quiet cobblestone street that the apartment is located on.  The bathroom consists of shower and toilet facilities and all fresh linen and towels are provided.  Montmartre is a spectacular blend of old and new, filled with tiny cobblestone streets, which are great for exploring on foot. It offers that Paris lifestyle full of bakeries, creperies, open markets, ca	Construit en lieu et place de la maison de Berlioz, à deux pas des vignes et du Lapin Agile, mon petit appartement de plein pied vous plongera au coeur du village de Montmartre, air de jeux des Artistes. Frais de ménage 25€ 15€ pour une nuit. Experience Paris as the French do in this beautiful recently refurbished apartment situated in a quiet street with a relaxed atmosphere of Montmartre.  This apartment is approximately 40m2 and has recently been refurbished and decorated , It consists of a fully functional kitchen with all the necessities such as oven, fridge, microwave, dishes, cutlery etc.  It is located in a typical Parisian building full of culture.  Relax in the open living area and enjoy watching international TV and access the free WIFI Internet. In the living/kitchen area you will be beamed with natural light from the windows that overlook the amazing and quiet cobblestone street that the apartment is located on.  The bathroom consists of shower and toilet facilities and al
30566	The room itself is quite big, it contains a wide comfortable single bed that is like a bucket of warmth and dreams as well as a wide single and surprisingly comfortable mattress, no bucket cocoon feeling with that one but it's still comfy and the promise of dreams is still there.  If you try hard enough it is possible to fit two people in each bed.  There is a full-size desk, some shelves, a chest of drawers, a rickety metal clothing wrack, a blackboard on the door and some chalk for your artistic side. Although it may be nice to have the window open during the day to let the light and some fresh air in, at night, when you need to sleep and the curtains are closed those babies make sure the light will no longer come in. None of that half-transparent decorative curtain stuff. There is also a fireplace in the room (as well as one in the second room and the living room) but it is illegal to actually use them for anything other than storage. It is very sad.	Room for two in a Haussmann apartment for the perfect Paris experience  High ceilings, oak floors, and big classical windows overlooking quiet interior courtyards Located in a lovely authentic French neighborhood with easy access to transport The room itself is quite big, it contains a wide comfortable single bed that is like a bucket of warmth and dreams as well as a wide single and surprisingly comfortable mattress, no bucket cocoon feeling with that one but it's still comfy and the promise of dreams is still there.  If you try hard enough it is possible to fit two people in each bed.  There is a full-size desk, some shelves, a chest of drawers, a rickety metal clothing wrack, a blackboard on the door and some chalk for your artistic side. Although it may be nice to have the window open during the day to let the light and some fresh air in, at night, when you need to sleep and the curtains are closed those babies make sure the light will no longer come in. None of that half-transpare
30567	"Literaly ! It's at the top of Montmartre ! :) One really great neighborhood,very close from the ""Sacré Coeur"", good restaurants, nice bars with terrasses, perfect for a soda or glass of wine in this lovely place. One very quiet building with an elavator.  A simple and confortable one bedroom apartment at the last floor, with a really nice view on a parc and far away you can see ""le Pantheon"" ( One nice neighbor : it's me ! :) )"	"Basic accommodation but with an exceptional location: south exposition at the top of Montmartre. View on a park and Sacré Coeur. 3 min from every touristic places, you will taste the quiet of the neighborhood. Literaly ! It's at the top of Montmartre ! :) One really great neighborhood,very close from the ""Sacré Coeur"", good restaurants, nice bars with terrasses, perfect for a soda or glass of wine in this lovely place. One very quiet building with an elavator.  A simple and confortable one bedroom apartment at the last floor, with a really nice view on a parc and far away you can see ""le Pantheon"" ( One nice neighbor : it's me ! :) ) The appartment is fully independant of mine. I can indicate you the best places around to enjoy the best of Montmartre I lived there for 20 years. I never would leave this for another district in Paris. Very quiet, all the shops are prese'nts. It is a village in Paris. Do not miss? All guides will explain. And I would help you selecting. Line 12 ( Lamarck "
30568		Dans le fabuleux quartier de Montmartre, l'appartement se trouve au 1er étage. chambre à louer avec grand lit et penderie. Grande Tv avec tnt. Fenêtre sur rue calme. Accès à la salle de bains avec grande douche. Accès Wifi.
30569		Appartement très agréable dans une impasse donnant rue Lepic. Composé d'un canapé lit dans le salon et d'un grand lit dans la chambre, d'une salle de bains et d'une cuisine avec équipement et vaisselle.
30570	very bright, cosy and quiet studio on the first floor in a residence  with a courtyard with a big tree,  harwood floor, open kitchen, a queen size bed and a sofa bed, a separated bathroom wih a bathtub	Ideally located at the foot of Monmartre, very close to the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Cœur and Pigalle, and a district full of bakeries, cafés, supermarkets, restaurants. easy to access : bus and metro at 3 minutes very bright, cosy and quiet studio on the first floor in a residence  with a courtyard with a big tree,  harwood floor, open kitchen, a queen size bed and a sofa bed, a separated bathroom wih a bathtub a big dinner table with six chairs  equiped kitchen with all the ustensils for dinner, 4 fires a baththub and a washing/dryer machine  bed linens and towels, unlimited access to wifi and TV,  books and dvds, magazines I 'll be available by phone and a very good friend of mine will be present to meet you and at the end of your journey and for all type of information.  You'll find in my appart a leaflet with the explanations for the TV, the WIFI, the washing machine, and the adresses of the finest restaurants and bars in my area. You  are at the foot of Montmartre in a small villa
30571	The flat itself is all equiped.  first room is a living-room/kitchen where you can cook and eat or just sit down and admire the view. Second room is a bedroom with a comfortable bed for two, armchair and wardrobe.  The small bathroom includes toilet, sink and shower. There is also WIFI.	Very romantic, perfect for lovers! 2 rooms + small bathroom/toilets Amazing view on the sacré coeur which is 10 min away ! Neighborhood is awesome, the boulangerie is delicious and there are many super nice cafes around. The flat itself is all equiped.  first room is a living-room/kitchen where you can cook and eat or just sit down and admire the view. Second room is a bedroom with a comfortable bed for two, armchair and wardrobe.  The small bathroom includes toilet, sink and shower. There is also WIFI. I'll be happy to share the good addresses and tips from the neighborhood and Paris in general, upon your arrival or around a coffee if you wish. The neighborhood is very lively and pretty, the Rue du Poteau is just around the corner with all stores and market on week-ends. Lots of nice cafes and interesting bars around.  There are also a lot of interesting places to explore like a garden on abandonned traintracks or the endless stairs that lead to the Sacré Coeur.  If you want to reach 
30572	Great view from our balcony from Sacre Coeur (8th floor apartment with elevator). Bright place with spacious living room.	Good atmosphere aera, 5 minutes walk to 3 subway lines (12,4,13). Great view from our balcony from Sacre Coeur (8th floor apartment with elevator). Bright place with spacious living room. All the flat (You will be alone) We can give some advices and keep in touch. We speak English, French and Spanish. This area is full of bars and typical restaurants where you can enjoy the Parisian atmosphere. You will walk through Momatre (the artist area) and arrive to the famous Sacre Coeur, from where you can see all Paris.  There is a supermarket just 3 minutes walk from our home and small shops around the area. Very well connected. 1 min walk from line 12, 5 min walk from line 4 and 13. The flat is provided with kitchen, washing machine, bath, microwave and tv.
30573	Feel the atmosphere of the 50/ 60 according to the studio .. The decoration .. And no tv .. No wifi .. Freedom	Charming and quiet studio next to sacré-coeur church . perfect of honey-moonersor a romantic get away in the old Paris . You will be located on the top of the montmartre hill, full of restaurants,boutiques,art work and live music . can't beat it 
30574	21 m² flat with 3 m² balcony, full-furnished kitchen and bathroom.	"This quiet studio (with quite large balcony) is well located on top north of Paris, next to the flea market and 15 mn walking distance away from Montmartre and next to numbers of commodities. Perfect for 1 person or a couple. Be welcome and enjoy !! 21 m² flat with 3 m² balcony, full-furnished kitchen and bathroom. Entire flat available for your comfort. I'll be ideally reachable via cell and email. I'll be here to welcome you and inform you about the area and surround and the best of Paris.  The area is fun and always alive with a mix of local people and tourists with numbers of trendy and typical parisian cafes/bars. very easy :  by metro,  - Line 4, stop ""Porte de Clignancourt"" or Line 12, stop ""Jules Joffrin"" (5 mn walking distance) by bus, - PC3, stop ""Porte de Clignancourt"""
30575	A lot of light comes from the very large window. The beautiful wooden floor is well tuned to and the design furnitures. All equipments are good : washing and drying machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, cooking stuff and wide closets. A very nice thing is the neighbourhood, where you can buy all French specialities at good price : bakeries, butchers, cheese and fishes shops. You also have Lebanon, Chinese, turkisch restaurants, and French breweries. 	Hey, I would like to introduce to you my great parisian flat. This beautiful place is located next to Montmartre, in a very French and lovely neighbourhood with all typical shops. Bus and subway lines (4 & 2) are 5-min-walking far, and so are bars. A lot of light comes from the very large window. The beautiful wooden floor is well tuned to and the design furnitures. All equipments are good : washing and drying machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer, cooking stuff and wide closets. A very nice thing is the neighbourhood, where you can buy all French specialities at good price : bakeries, butchers, cheese and fishes shops. You also have Lebanon, Chinese, turkisch restaurants, and French breweries.  Of course, you can use all equipments from the appartment and cook there ! My brother actually lives in Paris, thus he will be there to welcome and help you
30576	CASA ORIANNE is a bright, spacious and modern apartment with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, not to mention a charming terrace overlooking the rooftops at edge of Montmartre. Located on the 6th floor of a modern residential building (with elevator), CASA ORIANNE is able to accommodate groups of up to 6 persons. The 1st bedroom is fitted with a double bed, while the 2nd bedroom has a double bed that can be separated into 2 single beds (90 cm) if necessary. The salon also has a double sofa-bed. The bathroom has a bathtub and there is a separate WC.	Casa ORIANNE is a bright, spacious and modern apartment with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom for 6 persons near Motmartre.          CASA ORIANNE is a bright, spacious and modern apartment with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, not to mention a charming terrace overlooking the rooftops at edge of Montmartre. Located on the 6th floor of a modern residential building (with elevator), CASA ORIANNE is able to accommodate groups of up to 6 persons. The 1st bedroom is fitted with a double bed, while the 2nd bedroom has a double bed that can be separated into 2 single beds (90 cm) if necessary. The salon also has a double sofa-bed. The bathroom has a bathtub and there is a separate WC. The apartment is located on a quiet street but is also very close to the larger avenues and squares where you will find shops, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés. It is only a few minutes' walk from the famous and well visited Cimetière de Montmartre and the busy Place de Clichy. The charming and eclectic neighborhood of Mo
30577		Dans le quartier mythique d'Amélie Poulain, près du Sacré-Coeur, de Pigalle et du Moulin Rouge, ce petit appart est à l'écart de l'agitation. Le lit mezzanine dispose d'un très bon matelas + sdb et coin cuisine. Poss lit d'appoint (sans couette).
30578		Au pied de Montmartre et de sa célèbre Basilique, dans un quartier animé et cosmopolite à deux pas du métro et de la gare du Nord, un appartement confortable et lumineux dans une cour calme est entièrement équipé (four, micro-onde, lave-linge, wifi).
30579	Very bright, calm and cosy, this apartment is a typical Parisian flat with wooden floor, mouldings and fire places. Our apartment includes: -a large living room of 30 m2 with a comfortable sofa-bed, -a bedroom with a large TEMPUR queen sized bed (160X200cm), -an open American kitchen stuffed with bar, fridge, freezer, water dispenser, dishwasher, oven, stove (induction), bowler, Nespresso, etc.  -a large bathroom with double sink, bath with rain shower, and washing machine, -WC. Wifi, international TV and DVD player are obviously available. 4 people (1 double bed and 1 sofa-bed) can comfortably sleep there. As the case may be, we can provide with a baby bed ( 3 years old) The building is securised and very quiet. Rental fees for 3 nights minimum Towel and bed linens are provided Decent and serious renters only – perfect for one or two couple(s), or one couple and its children visiting Paris. English spoken. 	Magnificent 2 bedrooms apartment of 51m2, located at the fourth floor in a typical Parisian building dating from 1902, just a few steps away from the Sacré-Cœur in Montmartre (18th district of Paris). Very bright, calm and cosy Very bright, calm and cosy, this apartment is a typical Parisian flat with wooden floor, mouldings and fire places. Our apartment includes: -a large living room of 30 m2 with a comfortable sofa-bed, -a bedroom with a large TEMPUR queen sized bed (160X200cm), -an open American kitchen stuffed with bar, fridge, freezer, water dispenser, dishwasher, oven, stove (induction), bowler, Nespresso, etc.  -a large bathroom with double sink, bath with rain shower, and washing machine, -WC. Wifi, international TV and DVD player are obviously available. 4 people (1 double bed and 1 sofa-bed) can comfortably sleep there. As the case may be, we can provide with a baby bed ( 3 years old) The building is securised and very quiet. Rental fees for 3 nights minimum Towel and bed li
30580	A 60m² one bedroom flat for one person or for a couple, very close from the lovely and romantic Montmatre area. It's a gay friendly apartment. The apartment is every bright and located in a quiet street and in a quiet building. The building was built in 1972, and is secured by digicode and intercom and has an elevator. The apartment is on the 5th floor The apartment is very well located between two Metro stations  of the line 12, Lamarck and Jules Joffrin. You are not to far from Simplon Station Line 4 (7minutes walk), there is a taxi station at 5 minutes walk from the appartement. You have 5 bus lines towards to most sightseeing Paris monuments and Museums. Ths modern and well decorated apartment is well equiped with -a hall with wardrobe -a large living room with a large white leather coach, two leather armchairs and you have câble TV, WIFI, High standard HIFI connected with all Ipad and Iphone, Free calls for land line and cellular for France and for most of international calls -a d	In Montmartre area, enjoy the parisian life style in my nice and modern apartment. Close to major sightseeing, convenient with public transportation, you will enjoy the amazing french food stores at 3 minutes walk from my place. Welcome in Paris A 60m² one bedroom flat for one person or for a couple, very close from the lovely and romantic Montmatre area. It's a gay friendly apartment. The apartment is every bright and located in a quiet street and in a quiet building. The building was built in 1972, and is secured by digicode and intercom and has an elevator. The apartment is on the 5th floor The apartment is very well located between two Metro stations  of the line 12, Lamarck and Jules Joffrin. You are not to far from Simplon Station Line 4 (7minutes walk), there is a taxi station at 5 minutes walk from the appartement. You have 5 bus lines towards to most sightseeing Paris monuments and Museums. Ths modern and well decorated apartment is well equiped with -a hall with wardrobe -a l
30581	Welcome to your flat, located in Montmartre in a charming street. This pleasant flat is ideally located in a genuine and historical area known as the painters’  and artists borough. This place is also referred to as the village of Montmartre. You will enjoy discovering its narrow paved  streets and the real charm of the French capital.  In the close surroundings, you will find, The Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, The Place du Tertre, Abbesses street, The Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. You will be able to walk around to discover  the exeptional view of Paris from  la Basilique du Sacré Cœur. This area will provide you different restaurants where you will enjoy French or foreign cooking. You will enjoy outdoor cafes under the sky of Paris!! Nearby you will find one of the best bakery of Paris, supermarkets (open every day), cheese shop, butchery, wine shop. The situation of the flat position of your apartement near the Place Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge will satisfy the  lovers of night life in Pa	Welcome to your flat, located in Montmartre in a charming street. This charming apartment of 47m2 (500ft²) bright and quiet is located on the fourth floor (with a lift) in Beautiful  building built in 1900. It is an  accommodation for  three persons. Welcome to your flat, located in Montmartre in a charming street. This pleasant flat is ideally located in a genuine and historical area known as the painters’  and artists borough. This place is also referred to as the village of Montmartre. You will enjoy discovering its narrow paved  streets and the real charm of the French capital.  In the close surroundings, you will find, The Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, The Place du Tertre, Abbesses street, The Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. You will be able to walk around to discover  the exeptional view of Paris from  la Basilique du Sacré Cœur. This area will provide you different restaurants where you will enjoy French or foreign cooking. You will enjoy outdoor cafes under the sky of Paris!! Nearby you
30582	1 bedroom with a queen size bed 1 large living room with a queen couch/bed (highly confy) 1 kitchen that is open on the living room and equipped with:  A fridge A cooktop A microwave A washer  A small coffee maker, a kettle, a toaster The essential to cook 1 bathroom with a tub 1 restroom A dressing area with a desk WIFI We do not provide beddings.	Near by Montmartre, this spacious 55m2 apartment is ideally located between cheese shops, wine bars and top notch restaurants. It is equipped for 4 people with: 1 bedroom with a queen size bed 1 large living room with a queen couch/bed (highly confy
30583	A cosy flat, on the fifth floor of an antique building, ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, in the lovely and amusing Abbesses quartier. You can discover the area for artists and lovers of genuine charm, famous for the Sacré Coeur Basilica and its magnificent view of Paris! The apartment is very close to the city’s main tourist attractions as well and is easily accessible by public transportation.  Access is either by metro Blanche, Pigalle (lines 2 and 12) or by metro Abbesses (line 12), bus 67, 68 and 74. You will be:  ★ 3 minutes from stores and restaurants  ★ close to the metro  ★ within 5 minutes’ walk of the Sacré Coeur or le Moulin Rouge  ★ 15 minutes from the Champs Elysées (using line 2 of the subway) 	Enjoy the experience of a typical Parisian studio with a magnificent view on the Sacré Coeur Basilica and on the Paris’s roofs. You will feel like in La Bohème. A cosy flat, on the fifth floor of an antique building, ideally located in the heart of M
30584	Bien que situé dans un quartier animé,l'appartement et très (website hidden) y a un lit confortable on dort bien,et un canapé,le chauffage et  efficace,il y a la Tv (cable) ainsi que la WIFI	Appartement de une(1) pièce,sur cour situé au rez de cour avec cuisine séparé,douche toilette,très calme,entre la butte Montmartre et le marché aux puces,dans quartier commerçant et animée,boutiques,restaurant,Métro,bus ,facile d’accès et populaire  Bien que situé dans un quartier animé,l'appartement et très (website hidden) y a un lit confortable on dort bien,et un canapé,le chauffage et  efficace,il y a la Tv (cable) ainsi que la WIFI tout l’appartement est a votre disposition je serais là pour vous remettre les clefs,pour le reste vous êtes libre de découvrir la ville a votre rythme et de vous fondre dans la vie parisienne. le quartier populaire,familiale et hétéroclites,offres un large choix de boutiques de bazars cafés restaurants point internet épiceries bio' ou traditionnel)grande enseignes de la distributions et plus encore,a 15 minutes de  Montmartre et sa vue imprenable sur la (website hidden) au pied de la buttes, Pigalle......pour les noctambules deux ligne de métro vous dé
30585	"Small ""chambre de bonne"" in the Montmartre neighbourhood. Ideal for couple or single person. 2 minutes away from subway station Jules Joffrin et Simplon (lines 12 and 4, bus (phone number hidden) and PC3). In a hi standing building, quiet, elevator, guardian.  Near from shops, supermarkets, bars and restaurants.  Very attractive neighbourhood near Montmartre. Great and sunny vue over the park of ""square de clignancourt"". Oscillos windows, double glazing, small kitchen, cooker, fridge, hood, independant bathroom (shower, wc, sink)"	"Small ""chambre de bonne"" in the Montmartre neighbourhood. Ideal for couple or single person. 2 minutes away from subway station Jules Joffrin et Simplon (lines 12 and 4, bus (phone number hidden) and PC3). In a hi standing building, quiet, elevator, guardian.  Near from shops, supermarkets, bars and restaurants.  Very attractive neighbourhood near Montmartre. Great and sunny vue over the park of ""square de clignancourt"". Oscillos windows, double glazing, small kitchen, cooker, fridge, hood, independant bathroom (shower, wc, sink)"
30586	Description Complete en Francais, apres l'annonce en anglais : Short stays, 1 week, 2 weeks, 1 month or more Lovely two bedroom flat close to Mont Martre.  42 m2, 3th floor with lift, with a view to a back yard, located in a quiet street of a lively neighborhood with plenty of  typical french shops, bakeries, super-markets, bars and a wide range of restaurants. Very well linked to the centre of Paris through two metro stations (metro 4 Porte de Clignancourt and 12 Jules Joffrin, and several bus stops). For those into sports, we may highlight that it is located a 5 minute- walking from a sport campus with a jogging track, a swimming pool, basket and so on. The flat was refurbished 5 years ago and is fully equipped (See the attached pics)  In the kitchen there are all the elements to cook ( cuttlery, dish-ware, saucepans, oven, oven ware, microwave, fridge, freezer, coffee machine, toaster and so on) Bathroom and toilets are separated . The bathroom consists of a washbasin, the shower,a 	Third floor flat for 4 people, located in a quiet street and close to a wide range of shops  (supermarkets, bakeries, bars, restaurants ..) A few minutes walking from to two metro stations Jules Joffrin – Line 12  and Porte de Clignancourt  - Line 4 and several bus stops. Description Complete en Francais, apres l'annonce en anglais : Short stays, 1 week, 2 weeks, 1 month or more Lovely two bedroom flat close to Mont Martre.  42 m2, 3th floor with lift, with a view to a back yard, located in a quiet street of a lively neighborhood with plenty of  typical french shops, bakeries, super-markets, bars and a wide range of restaurants. Very well linked to the centre of Paris through two metro stations (metro 4 Porte de Clignancourt and 12 Jules Joffrin, and several bus stops). For those into sports, we may highlight that it is located a 5 minute- walking from a sport campus with a jogging track, a swimming pool, basket and so on. The flat was refurbished 5 years ago and is fully equipped (See
30587	a typic french flat of Montmartre.	Stunning apartment with beautiful finishes : solid oak flooring , shower in Italian style, kitchen equipped with a fridge freezer and a hob . Access to a private courtyard , perfect for sunny breakfasts . a typic french flat of Montmartre. easy access to all commodities , velib , metro , auto lib... Very close of the famous Sacre Coeur Area. Metro.
30588	The appartment is very quiet, on the last floor of the building. This is a bright studio, comfortable for two people. There is a wireless connection for internet. The flat can be rented only for 2 weeks maximum except for July and August during which it will be rented for a longer time.	"ALWAYS CONTACT ME TO CHECK AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING. The apartment (25 m2 about) is located near the metro stations ""Simplon"" and ""Jules Joffrin"", within a 15-minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur. The appartment is very quiet. The appartment is very quiet, on the last floor of the building. This is a bright studio, comfortable for two people. There is a wireless connection for internet. The flat can be rented only for 2 weeks maximum except for July and August during which it will be rented for a longer time. The kitchen is fully equiped: coffe machin, toaster, kettle, fridge with frezer, oven, microwave, washing machine, dishes and kitchen battery. The toilets are in the bathroom. There is a shower. The bath towels and the sheets are furnished (+ soap and hairdryer) There is a lot of stores in the surroundings. The neighbourhood is very bustling. The closest metro station is 15-min away from the center of Paris (Châtelet/les Halles)."
30589	Il est agréable et fonctionnel. Il est au quatrième étage d'un immeuble bourgeois avec ascenseur. 	Bel appartement haussmannien au pied de la butte Montmartre. Il est composé de 2 chambres avec un lit double chacune et d'un salon spacieux avec un canapé (lit pour 1 personne). Il se situe à 2 pas du métro et de nombreux commerces. Parfait pour visiter Paris. Il est agréable et fonctionnel. Il est au quatrième étage d'un immeuble bourgeois avec ascenseur. 
30590		Nous proposons ce joli 2 pièces tout confort proche Montmartre (Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt). Cuisine ouverte moderne toute équipée, grand salon. L'appartement est très lumineux et parfaitement agencé. Idéal pour profiter de Paris en couple!
30591	Charmant 2 pièces de 40 m², situé au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble de standing avec digicode. Cet appartement cosy comprend un salon avec TV, box tv, internet et wifi illimité) et une chambre avec un grand lit King Size très confortable. Salle de bain indépendante avec baignoire et placard de rangement. Cuisine équipé avec four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur/congélateur, machine à café Tassimo, plaque de cuisson gaz, bouilloire, machine à laver et vaisselle sont à votre disposition.	Appartement de 40m², près de la Mairie de Jules Joffrin à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Métro Ligne 12: Jules Joffrin ou Ligne 4: Simplon Charmant 2 pièces idéalement situé dans un quartier commerçant et très convivial. Charmant 2 pièces de 40 m², situé au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble de standing avec digicode. Cet appartement cosy comprend un salon avec TV, box tv, internet et wifi illimité) et une chambre avec un grand lit King Size très confortable. Salle de bain indépendante avec baignoire et placard de rangement. Cuisine équipé avec four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur/congélateur, machine à café Tassimo, plaque de cuisson gaz, bouilloire, machine à laver et vaisselle sont à votre disposition. Idéalement situé dans la rue commerçante du quartier, vous aurez accès à tous les petits commerces typiquement parisien (Boucherie, Fromagerie, traiteur, supermarché, bar). Situé à peine 10 minutes de Montmartre, du quartier des abbesses, de nombreuses balades s'offrent à vous pour déco
30592	Discretely tucked away from the main street and located on the first floor (one above ground-level) this well-balanced, calm and spacious apartment will make your stay in Paris memorable. It has an open plan see through arrangement from the entrance hall all the way to the end of apartment and all main rooms have tall French windows with hanging potted plants overlooking an open garden courtyard. The ivory walls are hung with vibrant paintings and the flooring is antique oak wood. The small, practical and fully-equipped kitchen which opens out to the living room and dining area has everything you need to cook and eat with, however enticing the many local restaurants in the area! The comfortable living room with modern furnishings, has ambient lamps and a stereo CD player with a selection of CD's. The extra long sofa (2 metres by 90 cm) can also be used as a single bed. In the corner is the dining area with table and chairs for four (extendable), overlooking the silver birch tree in the	The apartment is in the trendy village atmosphere of Montmartre: just a few minutes walk to the Sacre Coeur with its spectacular views of Paris, where 'Amelie' was filmed. Close to museums, theaters, and the tiny vineyards of Montmartre (the only ones left in Paris). There are great French delis, an outdoor market open six days a week, as well as charming restaurants and cafes. Discretely tucked away from the main street and located on the first floor (one above ground-level) this well-balanced, calm and spacious apartment will make your stay in Paris memorable. It has an open plan see through arrangement from the entrance hall all the way to the end of apartment and all main rooms have tall French windows with hanging potted plants overlooking an open garden courtyard. The ivory walls are hung with vibrant paintings and the flooring is antique oak wood. The small, practical and fully-equipped kitchen which opens out to the living room and dining area has everything you need to cook an
30593	Small flat on the 4th floor of a private mansion in Montmartre.  Fully equiped with real brand new bed (March 2014), desk, big cupboard, shower, small kitchen (2 hotplates, fridge, coffee machine Nespresso), TV, internet wifi.  Grey carpet.   Linen, towels and coffee supplied.  Restrooms on the floor, shared with one flat.  Access by backstairs (no lift). Calm little place.  Metro Lamarck (Line 12), or Château Rouge (Line 4). Bus 80, Velib station in front of the building.   Lively and safe area with bars, terraces and shops. Studette meublée à Montmartre, au 4e étage d'un hôtel particulier. Equipement : lit neuf 140x200 cm, grande armoire, bureau, kitchenette (2 plaques, évier, frigo, cafetière Nespresso), douche, TV, connexion internet wifi. Draps, linge de toilette et café fourni. Toilettes sur le palier, partagées avec une autre studette.  Accessible par escalier de service (sans ascenseur).  Metro Lamarck (ligne 12), ou Château Rouge (ligne 4). Bus 80, station Vélib devant l'immeu	Small flat on the 4th floor of a private mansion in Montmartre.  Fully equiped with real brand new bed (March 2014), desk, big cupboard, shower, small kitchen (2 hotplates, fridge, coffee machine Nespresso), TV, internet wifi.  Grey carpet.   Linen, towels and coffee supplied.  Restrooms on the floor, shared with one flat.  Access by backstairs (no lift). Calm little place.  Metro Lamarck (Line 12), or Château Rouge (Line 4). Bus 80, Velib station in front of the building.   Lively and safe area with bars, terraces and shops. Studette meublée à Montmartre, au 4e étage d'un hôtel particulier. Equipement : lit neuf 140x200 cm, grande armoire, bureau, kitchenette (2 plaques, évier, frigo, cafetière Nespresso), douche, TV, connexion internet wifi. Draps, linge de toilette et café fourni. Toilettes sur le palier, partagées avec une autre studette.  Accessible par escalier de service (sans ascenseur).  Metro Lamarck (ligne 12), ou Château Rouge (ligne 4). Bus 80, station Vélib devant l'immeu
30594		2 pièces idéalement situées (pieds Moulin Rouge+Montmartre, cœur Paris, très bien desservies) Refait à neuf, plein sud, très lumineux, idéal pour couple : 1 pièce à vivre très agréable, une cuisine et SDB tout équipées, 1 chambre + canapé lit quartier très recherche et a proximité des sites touristiques rue Lepic typique pour des courses et spécialités culinaires Desservi par 2 lignes de metro : ligne 2 et ligne 13. Plusieurs bus. Stations de velib et autolib en bas de l'appartement
30595	"In the very North of Paris this Penthouse is 15 minutes walk from Montmartre and his Typical Paris andon the other hand, 10 minutes walk from the trendy Paris of the cultural center ""le 104"", (concerts shows and modern art exhibitions). Near métro Marx Dormoy (line 12), you will be at ""Gare du nord"" in ten minutes. If you like gastronomy you will be happy to walk to the ""marché de l'Olive"", two streets aside, to taste cheeses, fishs, vegetables and a lot of regional specialities, or only enjoy a ""café"" in a really ""village"" atmosphere. On the 6th and top floor, the penthouse, recently arranged in a ""loft"" spirit has a 35 meters living-room with south and north windows. The apparment is 55 meters and has a terrace of 30 meters, oriented to the south and with no building in front of it. Surprise! You can see the ""Sacré-coeur""! Summers are sometimes rainy in Paris ? No problem, you can stay in the Veranda and enjoy the view. There is a bedroom with a 2 person bed and a sofa bed for 2 in t"	"Near Monmartre, a luxurious penthouse with a 30 m2 terrace, with an amazing view on the sacré-coeur. In the very North of Paris this Penthouse is 15 minutes walk from Montmartre and his Typical Paris andon the other hand, 10 minutes walk from the trendy Paris of the cultural center ""le 104"", (concerts shows and modern art exhibitions). Near métro Marx Dormoy (line 12), you will be at ""Gare du nord"" in ten minutes. If you like gastronomy you will be happy to walk to the ""marché de l'Olive"", two streets aside, to taste cheeses, fishs, vegetables and a lot of regional specialities, or only enjoy a ""café"" in a really ""village"" atmosphere. On the 6th and top floor, the penthouse, recently arranged in a ""loft"" spirit has a 35 meters living-room with south and north windows. The apparment is 55 meters and has a terrace of 30 meters, oriented to the south and with no building in front of it. Surprise! You can see the ""Sacré-coeur""! Summers are sometimes rainy in Paris ? No problem, you can sta"
30596	"Welcome to your Studio in Montmartre, the perfect ""pied-à-terre"" to discover Paris and live like true Parisians! And discover Amelie Poulain village ! Totally refurbished, this design and functionnal apartment have A GREAT VIEW OF PARIS and a lovely GARDEN, in the heart of the town : very RARE in Paris! You'll love Montmartre district, the most charming area of Paris with little restaurants, arty shops and bars in walking distance. Discover Place du Tertre, the place of painters and the wonderfull Sacré-Coeur, 50 meters from the studio. Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, kettle, mixer machine with Nespresso capsules), walk-in shower.  Mini iron available.  Beds made on arrival and towels provided for traveling light!  Free WIFI  Restaurants, supermarket, pharmacy down the street. Sublime and peaceful neighborhood, a real village in the heart of Paris.  2mn from 2 metro stations: Abbesses and Antwerp.  baby KIT (stroller, cot ...) on request ...  7 nights minimum on site."	"Ce studio design à deux pas de la place du Tertre et du Sacré-Coeur est située dans une rue pietonne le dimanche, du ""bon"" côté de Montmartre, aux Abbesses. Vous êtes dans un village tout en étant au coeur de Paris !.  Welcome to your Studio in Montmartre, the perfect ""pied-à-terre"" to discover Paris and live like true Parisians! And discover Amelie Poulain village ! Totally refurbished, this design and functionnal apartment have A GREAT VIEW OF PARIS and a lovely GARDEN, in the heart of the town : very RARE in Paris! You'll love Montmartre district, the most charming area of Paris with little restaurants, arty shops and bars in walking distance. Discover Place du Tertre, the place of painters and the wonderfull Sacré-Coeur, 50 meters from the studio. Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, kettle, mixer machine with Nespresso capsules), walk-in shower.  Mini iron available.  Beds made on arrival and towels provided for traveling light!  Free WIFI  Restaurants, supermarket, pharmacy down the s"
30597	Très bien situé. Premier étage sans ascenseur.	Disponible tous les we et vacances scolaires  A deux pas du Sacré Coeur et du Moulin Rouge! Calme Près des transports 1 chambre avec 1 mezzanine 2 places Cuisine équipée Très bien situé. Premier étage sans ascenseur. Quartier très touristique, plein de vie et de commerces. L'appartement -donnant sur cour intérieure-, est très clame. Metro Abesses (ligne 12) Metro Pigalle (ligne 2) Bus lignes 30, 54, 67, Montmartrobus Ce n'est pas un appartement pour faire la fête. Il y a des voisins âgés et donc il faudra faire attention à ne pas faire trop de bruit. Les arrivées se font entre 13h et 15h, les départs avant 12h Si ces horaires ne vous conviennent pas, n'hésitez pas à me le signaler.
30598	Un appartement tout confort à deux pas du métro et niché au cœur d'un quartier très vivant! A l'intérieur de l'appartement vous trouverez une cuisine toute équipée, un lit très confortable et une table pour un dîner après une journée (website hidden) plus l'appartement possède une machine à laver et une télévision. 	"Un appartement tout confort à deux pas du métro et niché au cœur d'un quartier très vivant! A l'intérieur de l'appartement vous trouverez une cuisine toute équipée, un lit très confortable et une table pour un dîner après une journée (website hidden) plus l'appartement possède une machine à laver et une télévision. A 15 min à pied de Montmartre. Accès aux lignes de métro 4 et 12  Quartier vivant avec beaucoup de commerces et de bars. Au pied de l'appartement se trouve la place Albert Kahn et ses nombreux commerces. # Bus : Ligne 56 et 85 # Métro : Ligne 4 et 12 # Velib' : Station n°18031 # Autolib' : Station ""113 Rue du Hesmes"""
30599	Un grand appartement classique haussmanien de 66m2 au 5e étage, avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet en chêne, cheminées de marbre, balcons ou il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil. Double-séjour avec canapé-lit. Cosy, silencieux, on n'entend que les oiseaux chanter ! Un grand appartement classique haussmanien de 66 m2 au 5é étage, avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet en chêne d'origine, cheminées de marbre, balcons ou il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil. Silencieux, on n'entend que les oiseaux chanter dans les jardins qui entourent la copropriété. Quartier historique au pied de montmartre. A 10 minutes à pieds du Sacré coeur et des célèbres puces et antiquaires de clignancourt. La ligne 4 du métro et le bus 85 au pied de la Villa traversent tout Paris du nord au sud. Jules Joffrin Porte de clignancourt Bus 80, 85, 56, Montmartrobus. Tout l'appartement Désolée mais je préfère louer la chambre à des femmes par sécurité. This room is to	Un grand appartement classique haussmanien de 66m2 au 5e étage, avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet en chêne, cheminées de marbre, balcons ou il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil. Double-séjour avec canapé-lit. Cosy, silencieux, on n'entend que les oiseaux chanter ! Un grand appartement classique haussmanien de 66m2 au 5e étage, avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet en chêne, cheminées de marbre, balcons ou il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil. Double-séjour avec canapé-lit. Cosy, silencieux, on n'entend que les oiseaux chanter ! Un grand appartement classique haussmanien de 66 m2 au 5é étage, avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet en chêne d'origine, cheminées de marbre, balcons ou il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner au soleil. Silencieux, on n'entend que les oiseaux chanter dans les jardins qui entourent la copropriété. Quartier historique au pied de montmartre. A 10 minutes à pieds du Sacré coeur et des célèbres puce
