29100	"A LUXURIOUS two bedrooms duplex located two minutes from the famous ""place de l'opera"". 55 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with safe digicodes and gardian. Bright and quiet apartment, View of the Building's courtyard. The apartment consisted of two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, a separate toilet and a kitchen.  The kitchen is totally equipped with a microwave, electric hob, fridge, freezer and a washing machine. All the Cutlery will also be provided.  The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and the second with a sofa bed. Some bed sheets will be provided for the stay.  The living room has a flat screen TV with over 100 cable channels. A wireless connection is available throughout the apartment.  The apartment is on the fourth floor of a Haussmann building. It is a French historical monument, so there is no elevator."	"A LUXURIOUS two bedrooms duplex located two minutes from the famous ""place de l'opera"". 55 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with safe digicodes and gardian. Bright and quiet apartment, View of the Building's courtyard. A LUXURIOUS two bedrooms duplex located two minutes from the famous ""place de l'opera"". 55 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with safe digicodes and gardian. Bright and quiet apartment, View of the Building's courtyard. The apartment consisted of two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, a separate toilet and a kitchen.  The kitchen is totally equipped with a microwave, electric hob, fridge, freezer and a washing machine. All the Cutlery will also be provided.  The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and the second with a sofa bed. Some bed sheets will be provided for the stay.  The living room has a flat screen TV with over 100 cable channels. A wireless connection is available throughout the apartme"
29101	Fully equipped for a comfortable stay (flatscreen TV, high speed internet access with wifi, fridge, cooking set, toaster, kettle, dishes etc ...), with all the convenience and excitement of Quartier Rue Montorgueil pedestrian-zone -- shops, markets, cafes, restaurants, short walk to Metro lines 3 and 4. Appartement is on 1st floor (1 above ground floor). Metro station is right in front of the building. 	Entirely renovated in 2015, this cosy studio in the heart of Paris is perfect for a couple. The appartement is calm and in the historical district, walking distance from restaurants and tourist attractions. Fully equipped for a comfortable stay (flatscreen TV, high speed internet access with wifi, fridge, cooking set, toaster, kettle, dishes etc ...), with all the convenience and excitement of Quartier Rue Montorgueil pedestrian-zone -- shops, markets, cafes, restaurants, short walk to Metro lines 3 and 4. Appartement is on 1st floor (1 above ground floor). Metro station is right in front of the building. Someone will welcome you to show you the apartment and give you the keys. Late check in between 9PM and 11PM : 15€ extra fees. Check in after 11PM : 30€ extra fees. In some cases you can check out later than 11AM for an extra fee of 40€. We decide together what time you want to check in and check out, and once it's set, if you are late over 45mn (free courtesy wait) for the check in/c
29102	Le logement de 40m² est composé de 3 pièces. Il est traversant, donnant sur deux cours intérieures ce qui le rend très calme. Les pièces sont :  1 Chambre avec un lit double donnant sur cour  1 Salon équipée d'un canapé-lit donnant sur cour 1 Cuisine équipée avec usage du frigo et du congélateur (pour les glaçons !)	Au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier piéton animé venez profiter de cet appartement 3 PIECES fraîchement rénové et très calme, donnant sur deux cours intérieures. Le logement de 40m² est composé de 3 pièces. Il est traversant, donnant sur deux cours intérieures ce qui le rend très calme. Les pièces sont :  1 Chambre avec un lit double donnant sur cour  1 Salon équipée d'un canapé-lit donnant sur cour 1 Cuisine équipée avec usage du frigo et du congélateur (pour les glaçons !) Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et des services dont vous aurez besoin : notamment la machine à laver le linge, le frigo, les placards, la machine à café etc... Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous aider à préparer votre venue à Paris, et nous ferons tout notre possible pour que votre voyage se passe de la meilleure des façons ! Le quartier Montorgueil est le coeur et l'histoire de Paris. Dans ce quartier les piétons sont rois, vous découvrirez de nombreux petits commerces, restaurants et  bars 
29103	L'appartement se situe en plein coeur de Paris. La bâtisse de XVI siècle est en effet l'ancienne résidence de comtesse du Bari. 	салон, комната, кухня, ванная комната и санузел
29104		This apartment has been fully renovated in January, it is 
29105	Beaucoup de charmes et de cachet. Unique et Idéalement placé a l'angle de la rue montorgueil et greneta, avec vue sur rue .  les commerces de bouche, les restaurants , l'ambiance, les boutiques sont a PROXIMITE Charming place and typical parisian 	Central, charmant, typique. Situé dans un quartier piéton montorgueil et central a paris,entre le louvres, palais royal et la seine. Idéal pour se balader partout , commerçants a proximité et shopping Beaucoup de charmes et de cachet. Unique et Idéalement placé a l'angle de la rue montorgueil et greneta, avec vue sur rue .  les commerces de bouche, les restaurants , l'ambiance, les boutiques sont a PROXIMITE Charming place and typical parisian métro,subway les halles, châtelet, etienne marcel,louvre rivoli, sentier. Taxi. angle rue montorgueil et rue etienne marcel Bus: 29 anytime Proximité,quartier piéton, centre de paris walking district,easy way to go in paris, centre métro,subway les halles, châtelet, etienne marcel,louvre rivoli, sentier. Taxi. angle rue montorgueil et rue etienne marcel Bus: 29 ZERO SIX TRENTE QUATRE SOIXANTE QUATRE VINGT TREIZE ONZE 
29106	En plein centre de Paris, proche Etienne Marcel, République, Montorgueil, le Marais... On peut tout faire à pied ! Bien décoré et bien équipé, on s'y sent bien !	Jolie studio avec un coin salon, un vrai lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine aménagée. Située au dernier étage, il est lumineux et décoré avec soin. Lumineux et proche de tous commerces et artères principales, on peut tout faire à pied ! En plein centre de Paris, proche Etienne Marcel, République, Montorgueil, le Marais... On peut tout faire à pied ! Bien décoré et bien équipé, on s'y sent bien ! Au 5ème étage Quartier du Sentier, vivant et typique de Paris Monoprix à 2 minutes à pied Le métro Réaumur-Sébastopol (lignes 3 et 4) se situe juste en bas de l'appartement / De nombreux bus
29107	Perfectly organised, this appartment is very convenient and charming for a daily use. Bedroom separated from the main room where's kitchen (with all things needed for cooking). In both areas, there is one large and confortable sofa bed (each sofa pull out into full size double bed).  Bathroom is separated from toilets.  Large screen in the bedroom (connected to the computer : no TV, but internet). Unlimited wifi is granted, with my personnal IMac (you are free to use on visitor's session).	Charming and modern 30 square m apartment, very calm, 1 Bedroom, on the 3 rd French floor of a 1860's building (no elevator), on street Montorgueil in pedestrian aerea (metro Les Halles). It sleeps 4 people. Toilets separated from bathroom (shower). Perfectly organised, this appartment is very convenient and charming for a daily use. Bedroom separated from the main room where's kitchen (with all things needed for cooking). In both areas, there is one large and confortable sofa bed (each sofa pull out into full size double bed).  Bathroom is separated from toilets.  Large screen in the bedroom (connected to the computer : no TV, but internet). Unlimited wifi is granted, with my personnal IMac (you are free to use on visitor's session). Guest can access to everything. I leave the wall cupboard empty to store suitcases and clothes. You can also use my Imac on the guest session, and your own cumpter or any device with wire or wifi (unlimited high speed internet). According to your arrival 
29108	It’s an old building typical of Paris’s central areas. Situated on the first floor facing the street, directly accessible by the elevator, the apartment has a great light thanks to several windows. Perfectly situated at the heart of Montorgueil’s neighborhood, this lovely studio is made with a light living room nicely decorated. It has a 140 cm sofa bed, table/office desk, a flat screen TV, a closed wardrobe and an equipped kitchenette including a dishwasher. The bathroom has a bath tub and a washing machine. The toilets are separate.	This beautiful studio has a sober and elegant decoration. Perfectly arranged, it provides all the necessary space for two people. Located in the Montorgueil area, you will love the charm of this lively area. It’s an old building typical of Paris’s central areas. Situated on the first floor facing the street, directly accessible by the elevator, the apartment has a great light thanks to several windows. Perfectly situated at the heart of Montorgueil’s neighborhood, this lovely studio is made with a light living room nicely decorated. It has a 140 cm sofa bed, table/office desk, a flat screen TV, a closed wardrobe and an equipped kitchenette including a dishwasher. The bathroom has a bath tub and a washing machine. The toilets are separate. Renovated at the end of 1980s, Montorgueil street’s neighborhood is an extension of Les Halles. Its streets, newly made of cobblestones, are now roads closed to traffic. Mortorgueil is a market place where bakers, cheese mongers, and market gardeners 
29109	Our apartment is located in rue des Colonnes, next to Opéra (5mins walk). The closest métro is the line 3 (stop Bourse at 1min walk) in the second arrondissement. If you take the coach from Roissy CDG you will arrive directly at Opéra and then it takes 4 mins with a cab or 10 mins walk with a luggage. We like our apartment for its absolute calm and brightness. We searched for it during 5 years before deciding on this one. It was totally rebuilt one year ago and the 517 sq. ft. / 48m² are very comfortable for 2. Because we are not very good at cooking we will be more than happy to inform you on the best places to eat or have drinks in the neighbourhood. There is a lot of very very good restaurants just downstairs or around the Palais de la Bourse (Stock Exchange), there is also one or two to forget about :) The famous Quartier Montorgueil is very close also (1 métro stop or 8mins walk) with very good restaurants and trendy shops. The Grands Boulevards are just behind the block with the 	Our apartment is located in rue des Colonnes, next to Opéra (5mins walk). The closest métro is the line 3 (stop Bourse at 1min walk) in the second arrondissement. If you take the coach from Roissy CDG you will arrive directly at Opéra and then it takes 4 mins with a cab or 10 mins walk with a luggage. We like our apartment for its absolute calm and brightness. We searched for it during 5 years before deciding on this one. It was totally rebuilt one year ago and the 517 sq. ft. / 48m² are very comfortable for 2. Because we are not very good at cooking we will be more than happy to inform you on the best places to eat or have drinks in the neighbourhood. There is a lot of very very good restaurants just downstairs or around the Palais de la Bourse (Stock Exchange), there is also one or two to forget about :) The famous Quartier Montorgueil is very close also (1 métro stop or 8mins walk) with very good restaurants and trendy shops. The Grands Boulevards are just behind the block with the 
29110	Le studio est au coeur de Paris. Il suffit de regarder sur une carte pour s'apercevoir que le deuxième arrondissement est placé idéalement!	Agréable studio typiquement parisien avec poutres apparentes, idéalement situé : l'Opéra, le Louvres ne sont qu'à 10 minutes à pied, le quartier comporte beaucoup de restaurants. Profitez de la cuisine équipée, du wifi et de la baignoire!    Le studio est au coeur de Paris. Il suffit de regarder sur une carte pour s'apercevoir que le deuxième arrondissement est placé idéalement! Les voyageurs auront accès à une cuisine équipée, à une salle de bain avec une baignoire, des toilettes privées, une télévision écran plat, du wifi... Le quartier est central, proche de restaurants, de musées... Trois lignes de métro passent à moins de 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement : Bourse (ligne 3), et Grands Boulevards (lignes 8 et 9). Sur la place de la Bourse se trouve un parking. L'appartement est au troisième étage sans ascenseur.
29111	Studio au 5eme étage avec ascenseur, composé d'un espace de vie avec petit coin salon et autre espace avec un grand lit table de chevet, télévision écran plat. Une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, bouilloire, grille pain, machine nespresso...	Un appartement situé au 5 ème étage d'un immeuble entièrement rénové dans un quartier touristique, à deux pas de l'Opéra de Paris. Studio deux personnes, entièrement équipée et décoré avec goût. Une ambiance très romantique et parisienne. Studio au 5eme étage avec ascenseur, composé d'un espace de vie avec petit coin salon et autre espace avec un grand lit table de chevet, télévision écran plat. Une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, bouilloire, grille pain, machine nespresso... En plein coeur de Paris, proche de l'Opéra de Paris, accessible par plusieurs lignes de métro, bus, station de taxi proche et station accès au bus tour de Paris. Nous accueillons les voyageurs tout au long de l'année. Nous sommes présents pour la remise de clés à leur arrivée et à leur départ, ce qui leur permet de nous poser toutes leur interrogations. Durant tout leur séjour, nous sommes joignable de façon à ce qu'il passe un séjour agréable. Un quartier touristique, proche de l'Opéra,
29112	"Less than 10 minutes walk from the Marais, the Louvre, the opera or Beaubourg, the apartment is in a pedestrian area and also very close to taxi, bycicle, and subways stations (Sentier, Chatelet les Halles, Reaumur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel, Bonne Nouvelle). Direct access by RER from Orly and Roissy, and from the Gare de Lyon and Gare de l'Est. (website hidden) The Montorgueil street is one of the liveliest streets of Paris, the apartment is 15m from the street in a side street. The Montorgueil street has many bar terraces, restaurants, as well as a Starbucks, convenience stores, bakers, grocers, greengrocers, cheese shops, butchers, fishmongers, and one of the largest shopping centers in Paris (underground) is right down the street (Forum des Halles). A market is held in a 200m street every Thursday and Sunday morning. (website hidden)_Montorgueil The apartment is on the 2nd floor, exposed beams ""à la française"", exposed stone walls and a fireplace (not functional). Apartment equippe"	Charming flat in a pedestrian area, typically parisian and close to everything you need : monuments, food shops, transports, starbucks, etc. You will hardly find a better location, check the comments ! Less than 10 minutes walk from the Marais, the Louvre, the opera or Beaubourg, the apartment is in a pedestrian area and also very close to taxi, bycicle, and subways stations (Sentier, Chatelet les Halles, Reaumur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel, Bonne Nouvelle). Direct access by RER from Orly and Roissy, and from the Gare de Lyon and Gare de l'Est. (website hidden) The Montorgueil street is one of the liveliest streets of Paris, the apartment is 15m from the street in a side street. The Montorgueil street has many bar terraces, restaurants, as well as a Starbucks, convenience stores, bakers, grocers, greengrocers, cheese shops, butchers, fishmongers, and one of the largest shopping centers in Paris (underground) is right down the street (Forum des Halles). A market is held in a 200m street 
29113	Charming and so parisian little duplex in the center of the town, located in a passage very quiet (2nd arrondissement). Easy acces with metro and buses, direct access from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Totally furnished and new,40m², there's an open kitchen with all you need, a spacious living room with seats (1 adult sleep or 1 adult and a child), a nice bathroom with italian shower and a bedroom upstairs with double bed. 5mn by feet to go to Pompidou Center or Les Halles, 5 metro stations to go to Quartier Latin.	Charming and so parisian little duplex in the center of the town, located in a passage very quiet (2nd arrondissement). Easy acces with metro and buses, direct access from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Totally furnished and new,40m², there's an open kitchen with all you need, a spacious living room with seats (1 adult sleep or 1 adult and a child), a nice bathroom with italian shower and a bedroom upstairs with double bed. 5mn by feet to go to Pompidou Center or Les Halles, 5 metro stations to go to Quartier Latin.
29114	Typical Parisian studio apartment right in the center of Montorgueil. Fully equipped kitchen with ceramic hub, oven and dishwasher, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, toaster. The main room is separated by one side a double comfortable bed and a dressing and by the other with a convertible sofa and a desk. You will find in this room a TV with more than 150 channels. The bathroom is small but convenient with a good shower and a hairdryer.	Great place in a great location. Everything at your door step. Just enjoy! Typical Parisian studio apartment right in the center of Montorgueil. Fully equipped kitchen with ceramic hub, oven and dishwasher, fridge, coffee machine, kettle, toaster. The main room is separated by one side a double comfortable bed and a dressing and by the other with a convertible sofa and a desk. You will find in this room a TV with more than 150 channels. The bathroom is small but convenient with a good shower and a hairdryer. Right in the center of Paris, you will find many shops, bars and restaurants. A 5 minutes walk will take you to Les Halles for one side and Les Grands Boulevard for the other. Le Marais is only 10 minutes away. Louvre is about 15 minutes walk. You will find all the major bus, metro and RER lines around the apartment. Closest metro station (2 mins) is Sentier (line 3), then at 5 minutes there will be lines several metro lines and RER A/B/D. But because of its ideally location, every
29115	"Perfectly situated between Montmatre, les Grands Boulevard, Notre Dame de Paris and Chatelet/le louvre. Just behind the very trendy ""rue de Montorgueil"". You bill be 3 minutes walking to famous metro station such as Grand Boulevard, sentier, Etienne Marcel and Bonne nouvelle... You will be in Paris like if you were in a Village, few steps walking fro any shops such as bakery butcher/ supermarkets and very nice restaurant and bars. The fliat has 1 room open to the saloon. Is fully unished with a plasma tv/ internet connexion, kitchen with all materiels needed to cook"	"Perfectly situated between Montmatre, les Grands Boulevard, Notre Dame de Paris and Chatelet/le louvre. Just behind the very trendy ""rue de Montorgueil"". You bill be 3 minutes walking to famous metro station such as Grand Boulevard, sentier, Etienne Marcel and Bonne nouvelle... You will be in Paris like if you were in a Village, few steps walking fro any shops such as bakery butcher/ supermarkets and very nice restaurant and bars. The fliat has 1 room open to the saloon. Is fully unished with a plasma tv/ internet connexion, kitchen with all materiels needed to cook"
29116	BUILDING  This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code  LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  Upon entering the front door of the apartment, you will find yourself in the entree decorated with a beautiful antique armoire. This 5 square meter room has both the toilet and batroom ajoining. Connected to the entree by a short hallway, you will enter into the living/dining/kitchen area. High ceilings and open floor plan as well as the row of windows along one side of the room,which face a small calm courtyard, insuring natural sunlight throughout the day and protection from street noise instantly make you feel at home. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips and accessible from the open kitchen bar featuring all modern conveniences: 4 vitro ceramic burners, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, microwave oven, toaster, coffee makers, water boiler, built-in shelves and cupboards, and all the dishes a	BUILDING  This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code  LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  Upon entering the front door of the apartment, you will find yourself in the entree decorated with a beautiful antique armoire. This 5 square meter room has both the toilet and batroom ajoining. Connected to the entree by a short hallway, you will enter into the living/dining/kitchen area. High ceilings and open floor plan as well as the row of windows along one side of the room,which face a small calm courtyard, insuring natural sunlight throughout the day and protection from street noise instantly make you feel at home. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips and accessible from the open kitchen bar featuring all modern conveniences: 4 vitro ceramic burners, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, microwave oven, toaster, coffee makers, water boiler, built-in shelves and cupboards, and all the dishes a
29117	Brand new apartment, renovated 2 month ago, very parisian style with all the confort you'll need during your stay. 	PARISIAN LIFE ! Located 5min walk from the Montorgueil street, 10 to 15 minutes walk from the best places: Beaubourg, Le Louvre, Le Marais, Galerie Lafayette, Chatelet. In a quite street surounded by vintage shops, trendy stores & top restaurants ! Brand new apartment, renovated 2 month ago, very parisian style with all the confort you'll need during your stay.  All the apartment  We will welcome you to introduce all the best places around our apartment  Located at the center of Paris, you can access to every hot (email hidden) walk max from the house:  Montorgueil : 3 mn walk Le Louvre : 10 mn walk Le Marais: 10 mn walk Beaubourg - Centre Pompidou : 12 mn walk Les Grands Magasins (Lafayette, Printemps) : 15 mn walk Opéra : 15 mn walk  Pigalle: 15 mn walk  Le pont des Arts : 10 mn walk :) Ligne 3 : Métro Sentier (3 mn)  Ligne 3 & 4 : Métro Réaumur Sebastopol (3mn)  Ligne 8 & 9 : Métro Bonne nouvelle (5mn)  Ligne 1 : Métro Chatelet ou Louvre Rivoli : 10 mn 
29118	You are all welcome in my central and cosy apartment !!! It's a 2 rooms of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The apartment is equipped with a bathroom, a real bed, a double bed sofa, a wardrobe, dresser and a fully fitted kitchen. -------------------------------------------------  Location and neighborhood  -------------------------------------------------  The nearest subway stops is Etienne Marcel (on the line 4) and Sentier (line 3) This metro stop also serves the rail stations such as Gare Du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare Montparnasse. There is also he subway stop Châtelet Les Halles, the most central hub of the fast RER subway line, will take you straight to Charles de Gaulle airport or Orly airport. It is very accessible to go to Disney Land Paris or Versailles Castle. The quarter is very central, and it is easy to discover Paris, by foot, from there. Many of its monuments are at walking distance: The central square Les Halles, the 	Appartement entier 40m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Poutres apparentes et mur en pierre. Beaucoup de charme.  You are all welcome in my central and cosy apartment !!! It's a 2 rooms of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the Montorgueil-quarter. The apartment is equipped with a bathroom, a real bed, a double bed sofa, a wardrobe, dresser and a fully fitted kitchen. -------------------------------------------------  Location and neighborhood  -------------------------------------------------  The nearest subway stops is Etienne Marcel (on the line 4) and Sentier (line 3) This metro stop also serves the rail stations such as Gare Du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare Montparnasse. There is also he subway stop Châtelet Les Halles, the most central hub of the fast RER subway line, will take you straight to Charles de Gaulle airport or Orly airport. It is very accessible to go to Disney Land Paris or Versailles Castle. The quarter is very central, and it is easy to discover Par
29119	Old typical parisian-style apartment located in the best area of Paris, which is the neighborhood of Les Halles-Montorgueil. Ten minutes walk from the Louvre museum and the Pompidou Center, and even less to get to La Seine. The neighborhood is one of the most trendy places in Paris, and you'll find many restaurants, bars, fashion stores, supermarkets... In short, that's definitely the best location to enjoy the parisian way of life. By the way, Rue Montorgueil is known for its food market, its delicious and varies restaurants and its very charming outside terraces and cafes. You won't be disappointed ! You can trust me. About the transportation : The flat is very close to the Metro and RER stations Chatelet-Les Halles, from where you can reach out of Paris in less than 30 mins. And it's direct from CDG airport or Orly airport with the line B ! (It takes around 30-40 mins). Otherwise, this apartment is located on the third floor and on the front of the building offering a view over the 	Old typical parisian-style apartment located in the best area of Paris, which is the neighborhood of Les Halles-Montorgueil. Ten minutes walk from the Louvre museum and the Pompidou Center, and even less to get to La Seine. The neighborhood is one of the most trendy places in Paris, and you'll find many restaurants, bars, fashion stores, supermarkets... In short, that's definitely the best location to enjoy the parisian way of life. By the way, Rue Montorgueil is known for its food market, its delicious and varies restaurants and its very charming outside terraces and cafes. You won't be disappointed ! You can trust me. About the transportation : The flat is very close to the Metro and RER stations Chatelet-Les Halles, from where you can reach out of Paris in less than 30 mins. And it's direct from CDG airport or Orly airport with the line B ! (It takes around 30-40 mins). Otherwise, this apartment is located on the third floor and on the front of the building offering a view over the 
29120		Studio-appartement in the 2 département/area.  Fully furnished and equipped. A salon with a sofa, a Kitchenette, a Shower, a Wc. Close to commercial centres and transport.
29121	This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator and overlooks a paved little street. Peaceful and bright, this flat has a very crafty design, it offers comfort. From the closets in the entrance to the layout of the bathroom, everything was build to maximize the space and make the stay more enjoyable. The kitchen is separated with a half-glazed partition, it is presented like a little workshop with hot plates, a fridge and a washing machine. The living room has wooden floor and white walls and is equipped with a 160 cm sofa bed for 2 people, a 90 cm futon, a flat screen TV and a contemporary dining table. A large wardrobe completes the layout. Accessible through a sliding door located on the right of the closet, the lovely bathroom has a shower tub as well as the WC.	This beautiful studio with light colors is perfectly arranged and equipped and has a modern decoration. Located in the bustling area of Montorgueil, which is filled with charm and things to discover, it is nevertheless a quiet and peaceful apartment. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central area. The flat is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator and overlooks a paved little street. Peaceful and bright, this flat has a very crafty design, it offers comfort. From the closets in the entrance to the layout of the bathroom, everything was build to maximize the space and make the stay more enjoyable. The kitchen is separated with a half-glazed partition, it is presented like a little workshop with hot plates, a fridge and a washing machine. The living room has wooden floor and white walls and is equipped with a 160 cm sofa bed for 2 people, a 90 cm futon, a flat screen TV and a contemporary dining table. A large wardrobe completes the layout. Accessible through a sliding door lo
29122	This luminous apartment sleeps 4 people, a mezzanine that sleeps 2, can be either 2 singles or 1 king, and a pullout sofa that sleeps 2. With a fully equipped kitchen, clothes washer, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, stereo. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels. 	This modern and delightful 28 square meter studio  is located in the center of Paris,  in a 19th century building ,located in the passage Bourg L’Abbe, a beautiful covered passage from la belle époque ,A 5min walk to the Centre George Pompidou  , This luminous apartment sleeps 4 people, a mezzanine that sleeps 2, can be either 2 singles or 1 king, and a pullout sofa that sleeps 2. With a fully equipped kitchen, clothes washer, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, stereo. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels.  Lots of trendy boutiques, 2 min away are La rue Montorgueil and la rue Tiquetonne, a pedestrian paradise lined on both sides not only with shops to help you cook from home, but also with a multitude of cafés, brasseries, and restaurants spilling out onto the sidewalk (including heated terraces in winter).10min walk to Notre Dame and the Seine river with it’s romantic bridges, and the Marais area with its cool bars restaurants and shops
29123	"Home of D'Artagnan, the true one of ""The 3 musqueteers"" Alexandre Dumas, where he lived in 1640 Parisian stylish topfloor in ""hotel particulier""  offering : two separated bedrooms each one with double beds ; third bedroom (on request) in second floor mezzanine ; possibility of fourth bed, double (on request) ;  spacious and sunny livingroom 4 m high beam;  ; spacious equipped kitchen, bathroom with large bath to relax. just renovated. natural terra cotta on floor. quality materials. mix of antiquaire furniture and modern sofas. All amenities, washing machine, ironing, hair dryer, soaps shampoo bodylotion demakup... bathroom items 4 star hotel (bathrobes on request). Quality linen (hand-embroidered on request). For breakfast and tea time everything ready in the kitchen. Delicious french bakery down the flat for fresh ""croissants"". Perfect also for professional visitors coming for international fares, fashion week, Sial, photo, chocolate worldwide fare , pharmaceutical experts ... On req"	"Historical topfloor 3 BR bright, view, quiet safe area Heart of Paris famous pedestrian Montorgueil Ideal to explore and live a rich parisian time Quiet oasis at the center of museums animation culture shows all on foot. direct from airport&trains Home of D'Artagnan, the true one of ""The 3 musqueteers"" Alexandre Dumas, where he lived in 1640 Parisian stylish topfloor in ""hotel particulier""  offering : two separated bedrooms each one with double beds ; third bedroom (on request) in second floor mezzanine ; possibility of fourth bed, double (on request) ;  spacious and sunny livingroom 4 m high beam;  ; spacious equipped kitchen, bathroom with large bath to relax. just renovated. natural terra cotta on floor. quality materials. mix of antiquaire furniture and modern sofas. All amenities, washing machine, ironing, hair dryer, soaps shampoo bodylotion demakup... bathroom items 4 star hotel (bathrobes on request). Quality linen (hand-embroidered on request). For breakfast and tea time every"
29124		Appartement de 43m2 situé au centre de Paris, Très bien situé entre l'Opéra Garnier et le Louvre, près de la place Vendôme, des jardins des tuileries et de place de la concorde.
29125		パリ中心２区に位置し、映画館、銀行、マルシェ、有名レストラン、人気パティスリー、老舗パン屋さん、郵便局、銀行、スーパーマーケットが近くにあります。ルーブル美術館（徒歩７分）、セーヌ川（徒歩７分）、オペラ地区(徒歩５分）、パレ・ロワイヤル（徒歩６分）ギャラリー・ヴィヴィエンヌ（徒歩５分）、有名商店街モントルグイユ（徒歩１分）。 アパルトマンの建物入り口は２重のオートロック。アパルトマン玄関は２点ロックで安心です。インターネットはWi-Fi無線２４時間利用可能。固定電話はフランス国内と日本の固定電
29126	Very chic and renovated. Confortable and full equipped. Safe and central  Everything  All time they need.  Next to all monuments by walk, shopping, opéra, Louvre, Champs Elysées etc.. Metro : Opera	Perfectly located along the exclusive Louvre, Tuileries Garden, the Opera Modern is your stunning home away from home where you will live the life of a very chic Parisian. Paris Place Vendome, Opéra, chic and elegance, Here we are !! Louvre Museum Opéra Tuileries Garden Place vendôme Galleries Lafayettes Rue saint honoré
29127	Occupying two floors on top of the building, the attic flat is a cocoon. Spend the night in a cloud, in a white room. Enjoy the rare sky of Paris in the hammock. Take a drink in the lounge, have diner with friends on a huge table.	 Located in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian street, the apartment is the perfect place for a romantic, cultural and festive journey. Very bright, south facing, it is a haven of peace in the most dynamic area. Occupying two floors on top of the building, the attic flat is a cocoon. Spend the night in a cloud, in a white room. Enjoy the rare sky of Paris in the hammock. Take a drink in the lounge, have diner with friends on a huge table. For a true romantic journey, do not be afraid to play the piano or to connect the video projector to watch a movie while listening to the rain fall on the roof. Enjoy the evening light reflected by the chimneys and have fun distinguishing the monuments through the window. An arrival? SMS  A delay? SMS  Damages? SMS  A problem? SMS Located in a pedestrian area between Les Halles, Châtelet, Beaubourg and Etienne-Marcel, the apartment is ideal to visit Paris and enjoy its shops, museums, galleries, terraces, markets, walkways ... One step outside and you
29128	A little studio in Paris with the view on the backyard. This studio has 1 room with bed on the mezzanine and 1 sofa (for 1 person only), kitchen with fridge and coffee machine and bathroom with shower and wash machine. It's perfect for a short stay in Paris.	A little studio (18m2) in the center of Sentier district with kitchen, bathroom and 1 room (sofa and bed on the mezzanine) A little studio in Paris with the view on the backyard. This studio has 1 room with bed on the mezzanine and 1 sofa (for 1 person only), kitchen with fridge and coffee machine and bathroom with shower and wash machine. It's perfect for a short stay in Paris. You have a access to: - bathroom with shower and wash machine - kitchen with fridge, electric stove and microwave. - 1 room with bed and sofa for the another guests and coffee machine (Dolce Gusto) - You can enjoy the good weather on our mini-terrace with table and two chairs. This place is half-private (shared with my neighbor but he is never here) - You will have of course everything that you need to stay in my apartment including WIFI, towels and bedding.  Contact by the mail or phone, we can probably meet at the moment of your arrival and depart (i need to give you a keys) Sentier is the a calm district nea
29129	Cosy flat in the center of Paris (Montorgueil District), in a quiet and really safe area. It's a 15 min walk to Opera, Louvre Museum, the Marais, Saint Germain. A place very well connected by subway, bus, bar, good restaurants and markets. Spacious flat, restorated and well-equipped, with a beautiful living room and a dining room opening onto the kitchen entirely placed at travellers’ disposal.  Suitable for two persons but may admit four persons. A room for two persons, and the possibility to sleep on a sofa for two children.	Cosy flat in the center of Paris, in a quiet and really safe area. It's a 15 min walk to Opera, Louvre Museum, the Marais, Saint Germain. A Place very well connected by subway, bus, bar, good restaurants and markets. Cosy flat in the center of Paris (Montorgueil District), in a quiet and really safe area. It's a 15 min walk to Opera, Louvre Museum, the Marais, Saint Germain. A place very well connected by subway, bus, bar, good restaurants and markets. Spacious flat, restorated and well-equipped, with a beautiful living room and a dining room opening onto the kitchen entirely placed at travellers’ disposal.  Suitable for two persons but may admit four persons. A room for two persons, and the possibility to sleep on a sofa for two children.
29130	The flat is really calm with double glazed windows everywhere.  It includes,   - 3 rooms within 60 m2   - 1 big bedroom with a king size bed (170cm/220cm) - 1 convertible sofa of quality in the living room (140cm/210cm) - Electrical heatings - 1 diner table for 4 persons - 1 kitchen (including Fridge, Oven, Dishes, Coffee Maker, Kettle, Dish washer, etc.) - 1 bathroom (including Washing machine) Sheets and Bath towels are made available The flat is on the 3rd floor (with no elevator	    In the middle of Paris historical center, walking distance from Opera, Montmartre, Louvre museum and more. The flat is quiet while still being closed to Montorgueil village and its nice shops and restaurants.    The flat is really calm with double glazed windows everywhere.  It includes,   - 3 rooms within 60 m2   - 1 big bedroom with a king size bed (170cm/220cm) - 1 convertible sofa of quality in the living room (140cm/210cm) - Electrical heatings - 1 diner table for 4 persons - 1 kitchen (including Fridge, Oven, Dishes, Coffee Maker, Kettle, Dish washer, etc.) - 1 bathroom (including Washing machine) Sheets and Bath towels are made available The flat is on the 3rd floor (with no elevator Guests have access to all the flat except some cupboards. 20 minutes max walking distance from « hôtel de ville », « Notre Dame Cathédrale », « Sacré Cœur Basilica », « Louvres museum », etc. Our flat is ideally located to visit Paris by walk. You will find cinemas, museum, theaters and a large 
29131	This apartment on two floors looks like a house. It has a big dining room and a nice spacious kitchen on the first floor and two bedrooms on the upper floor so that people can isolate themselves if they wish. 	This charming 2 bedroom apartment is located in the lively 2nd arrondissement, next to Opéra, theaters, shops,  restaurants, cinema10 mn walking from Palais Royal, Le Louvre, Beaubourg. The flat is silent and bright and it is on 3rd and last floor. I This apartment on two floors looks like a house. It has a big dining room and a nice spacious kitchen on the first floor and two bedrooms on the upper floor so that people can isolate themselves if they wish.  Guests will have access to the whole apartment.  I will be there to welcome you and when you leave. I will be available if you need or on demand.  The 2nd arrondissement is the heart of Paris and it is situated in a very strategic position. If you like walking and biking you don't need to take any buses and/or subway. It is an ancient charming and lively neighborhood full of restaurants, bars, groceries, open air markets, theaters, cinemas,  cultural areas The apartment is 300 m. from the Subway station Sentier (or Bourse). It is 400
29132	Appartement très parisien et luxueux d'une chambre, au coeur du Paris historique et branché, dans un immeuble 18eme, à 2 pas de la Place des Victoires. entre le Louvre et les Jardins du palais Royal.  Style très parisien, beaucoup de charme Salle de bain (baignoire et douche), dressing, tout confort.  Cuisine équipée, lave-linge, sèche linge, écran plat, wifi, câble. 3eme etage - Ascensceur A proximité: Musées, marché, cinéma, restaurants, shopping, transports. Quartier très recherché ! 	Bel appartement 90m2, Style très parisien, beaucoup de charme. Décoration raffinée. Et tout Confort    Appartement très parisien et luxueux d'une chambre, au coeur du Paris historique et branché, dans un immeuble 18eme, à 2 pas de la Place des Victoires. entre le Louvre et les Jardins du palais Royal.  Style très parisien, beaucoup de charme Salle de bain (baignoire et douche), dressing, tout confort.  Cuisine équipée, lave-linge, sèche linge, écran plat, wifi, câble. 3eme etage - Ascensceur A proximité: Musées, marché, cinéma, restaurants, shopping, transports. Quartier très recherché ! Proche Musée du Louvre Jardin du Palais Royal Faubourg Saint Honoré et Rue Etienne Marcel (shopping) Quartier Montorgeuil ( marché tous les jours sauf lundi) 15mn à pieds de Saint Germain bus et metros à proximité
29133		Checkin to be determined together Checkout around 11-12 am 
29134	"The studio, ""Citron,"" is on the back, courtyard side of our building, one flight up from the street (no lift / elevator).  It is named for a frieze of tile work in the kitchen area.   Quiet, peaceful, high-ceilings with exposed beams...  but without direct sunlight (the three windows and terrace door give out onto the courtyard).  Cool in summer, warm and well-heated in winter. It is quipped with a double bed (1m40 wide) and an additional fold-out futon double, so it can technically sleep 4.  But the floorspace means that this is not a realistic choice for 3 or 4 adults unless they are VERY good friends.  Though we often have groups of up to 4 stay with us, it should be understood that this is a ""budget"" solution, not a comfortable one.  Total floor space is 21 square meters / 225 sq feet, including the kitchen area and the bathroom.  And futons are not to everyone's taste:  they are hard compared to spring or foam mattresses... There is also a little courtyard terrace on which you can"	"Exposed beams, high ceilings.  A double bed and a fold-out futon can technically sleep 4, but it's a tight fit.  In the beautiful Montorgueil neighborhood, the best location in the city: 9 métro lines at your door, and many sites in walking distance. The studio, ""Citron,"" is on the back, courtyard side of our building, one flight up from the street (no lift / elevator).  It is named for a frieze of tile work in the kitchen area.   Quiet, peaceful, high-ceilings with exposed beams...  but without direct sunlight (the three windows and terrace door give out onto the courtyard).  Cool in summer, warm and well-heated in winter. It is quipped with a double bed (1m40 wide) and an additional fold-out futon double, so it can technically sleep 4.  But the floorspace means that this is not a realistic choice for 3 or 4 adults unless they are VERY good friends.  Though we often have groups of up to 4 stay with us, it should be understood that this is a ""budget"" solution, not a comfortable one.  T"
29135	This loft has a terrace to take a morning coffee outside. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheesemonger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of Montorgueil, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles,  the Grands Boulevards. And direct access to Pigalle, Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette), l'Ile de la cité, l'Ile s	This loft has a terrace to take a morning coffee outside. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheesemonger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of Montorgueil, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles,  the Grands Boulevards. And direct access to Pigalle, Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette), l'Ile de la cité, l'Ile s
29136	Perfect fit for a couple, you'll enjoy your stay in the in this downtown flat. In the corridor you'll find a table which you can use for all for stay-in meals. The flat is also equiped of a mini-fridge and holtplates to cook whenever you want. Bring your DVD's, the game console is able to read them !	Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes, cet appartement est situé en plein centre de la capitale. Ce studio étudiant en plein centre de Paris vous permettra d'avoir accès à de nombreuses ligne qui vous relieront à vos diverses destinations. Perfect fit for a couple, you'll enjoy your stay in the in this downtown flat. In the corridor you'll find a table which you can use for all for stay-in meals. The flat is also equiped of a mini-fridge and holtplates to cook whenever you want. Bring your DVD's, the game console is able to read them ! There are numerous ways to get to the appartment. Vous pouvez choisir de sortir la station Bourse sur la ligne 3 et de remonter la rue Réaumur pour finalement croiser la rue Montmartre. Ou de descendre à Sentier sur la ligne 3 et de descendre la rue Réaumur pour croiser la rue Montmartre.  Vous pouvez également sortir du Forum des Halles sur les lignes 1, 4 ou bien en venant du RER A ou B et emprunter la sortie Saint-Eustache, celle-ci vous mènera à la rue Montmar
29137	"My apartment is in a pedestrian area without cars in the real center of paris.  The apartment is really quiet and everything is homemade by an architect.  A nice living room with a big TV and good audio where you can plug any iPhone.  A nice kitchen with a big tove and everything for cooking.  The place is near everyplace, 10 minutes by bicycle from the Champs-elysees, 10 minutes by Bicycle from saint germain des pres, 5 minutes by bicycle from the marais.  There are 5 metro station around the apartment and the nearest station is at 1 minute to walk from the apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor without an elevator!!!! You will be far from nothing. You can walk to the louvre, to the River, to Notre Dame, everything is close because you will be in the center. Transports Subway station: ""SENTIER"" ""ETIENNE MARCEL"" ""CHATELET LES HALLES"" ""REAUMUR SEBASTOPOL""  Bus station  Bicycle station "	Lovely apartment in the real center of Paris. The Montorgueil area is the most famous place in paris for leaving without car in the street.  5 bakers in the street, 4 market shop, 15 bars and restaurants. Fashion and easy going peoples leave here My apartment is in a pedestrian area without cars in the real center of paris.  The apartment is really quiet and everything is homemade by an architect.  A nice living room with a big TV and good audio where you can plug any iPhone.  A nice kitchen with a big tove and everything for cooking.  The place is near everyplace, 10 minutes by bicycle from the Champs-elysees, 10 minutes by Bicycle from saint germain des pres, 5 minutes by bicycle from the marais.  There are 5 metro station around the apartment and the nearest station is at 1 minute to walk from the apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor without an elevator!!!! You will be far from nothing. You can walk to the louvre, to the River, to Notre Dame, everything is close because you 
29138	Au cœur de Paris Extrêmement bien desservi Aucun vis à vis Les meilleurs restaurants asiatiques à proximité À 5 min à pied d'etienne Marcel ( pour se balader faire du shopping et manger) et d'Opera et des grands magasins (pour visiter) A 2 stations de Gare de Lyon , 3 stations de Gare de Bercy, 1 station de Gare saint Lazare et un bus direct de Gare Montparnasse Également le Roissy bus qui va jusqu'à l'aéroport  Quartier idéal et appartement chaleureux, charmant, aucun vis à vis, entièrement equipé, très calme et donnant vue sur cours intérieure, au 5ème étage	Cet appartement de 42m2, situé au cœur de Paris comprend une chambre et un salon doté d'un canapé lit. SDB et cuisine tout équipée  Les + - toutes lignes de métro à proximité  - à l'angle de la meilleure rue de Resto asiatiques - à 10 min du marais  - ensoleillé Au cœur de Paris Extrêmement bien desservi Aucun vis à vis Les meilleurs restaurants asiatiques à proximité À 5 min à pied d'etienne Marcel ( pour se balader faire du shopping et manger) et d'Opera et des grands magasins (pour visiter) A 2 stations de Gare de Lyon , 3 stations de Gare de Bercy, 1 station de Gare saint Lazare et un bus direct de Gare Montparnasse Également le Roissy bus qui va jusqu'à l'aéroport  Quartier idéal et appartement chaleureux, charmant, aucun vis à vis, entièrement equipé, très calme et donnant vue sur cours intérieure, au 5ème étage Télévision , ordinateur, internet, four, machine à laver, microonde, salle de bain, chambre.. Non Le fait qu'il soit à proximité de tout ! Par tous les transports!  En mé
29139	Métro ligne 4 station Strasbourg St Denis ou ligne 3 station sentier	Métro ligne 4 station Strasbourg St Denis ou ligne 3 station sentier
29140	A lovely 3 room apartment with 2 double bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living room + travel cot (lit parapluie). Can accomodate up to 6 guests. Modern fully equipped kitchen with breakfast bar. Bathroom with shower unit and sink. Nice cosy atmosphere! The apartment has a fully functional kitchen with oven, fridge, kettle, pots and pans...   This place is very practical, great for friends and families!  Looking forward to having you. :) 	     A very well located recently refurbished apartment in the heart of Paris. Just 5 minutes walk away from Opéra and 10 to the Louvre, Palais Royale,Le Marais+++! Rue Feydeau is surprisingly quiet and the apartment is a great place to relax.    A lovely 3 room apartment with 2 double bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living room + travel cot (lit parapluie). Can accomodate up to 6 guests. Modern fully equipped kitchen with breakfast bar. Bathroom with shower unit and sink. Nice cosy atmosphere! The apartment has a fully functional kitchen with oven, fridge, kettle, pots and pans...   This place is very practical, great for friends and families!  Looking forward to having you. :)  Guests have access to whole apartment. If possible I like to welcome guests and give the keys myself. I can be contacted at all times and am always willing to offer help/advice if needed. This has to be the best location in Paris! The neighbourhood is varied, close to Bourse (old stock exchange), the Sentier an
29141	Appartement de charme typiquement parisien, très lumineux et calme, de 55 m2, mansardé avec une belle hauteur sous plafond et poutres apparentes. Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  Idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, dans le quartier de Montorgueil, à quelques minutes d'Opéra, du Louvres, de Beaubourg et du Marais !  Charming parisian flat, calm and luminous. 5th floor with elevator.  Very well located in the heart of Paris, near Opera, Louvres, Beaubourg and the district of Le Marais. 	2 pièces calme et lumineux.  Situé au coeur du 2ème arrondissement de Paris dans le quartier prisé de Montorgueil, à quelques minutes d'Opéra, du Louvres et de Beaubourg !  TV, WiFi, lave-linge. Appartement de charme typiquement parisien, très lumineux et calme, de 55 m2, mansardé avec une belle hauteur sous plafond et poutres apparentes. Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  Idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, dans le quartier de Montorgueil, à quelques minutes d'Opéra, du Louvres, de Beaubourg et du Marais !  Charming parisian flat, calm and luminous. 5th floor with elevator.  Very well located in the heart of Paris, near Opera, Louvres, Beaubourg and the district of Le Marais. Le quartier de Montorgueil est un quartier branché et animé de Paris.  La rue Montorgueil et la rue Montmartre sont pleines de restaurants et de bars ouverts toute la nuit. L'appartement à cet avantage d'être situé dans une rue calme. A 2 minutes du métro Sentier (ligne 3) A 5 minutes du métro Bourse (ligne 3) 
29142	Appartement réhabilité en totalité en 2014 avec des matériaux nobles. Les propriétaires qui vous accueillent ont une chambre et une salle de bains à part dans l'autre partie de l'appartement. 	"Hôtel particulier, datant milieu du XVIIe siècle, de Mr de Launay, dernier gouverneur de la Bastille, premier mort de la Révolution Française, exécuté, décapité ""au canif"", dont la tête fut promenée dans Paris le (phone number hidden). Appartement réhabilité en totalité en 2014 avec des matériaux nobles. Les propriétaires qui vous accueillent ont une chambre et une salle de bains à part dans l'autre partie de l'appartement. Vous aurez à votre disposition exclusive une chambre et une salle de bains privée attenante. Soit un mini appartement au sein de l'appartement. Il n'est pas possible d'accueillir de voyageur supplémentaire. Nous sommes disposés à vous renseigner sur les meilleurs promenades et circuits de découvertes dans Paris et même si vous le souhaitez à vous faire découvrir les caves de Champagne (moyennant supplément). Le 2ème arrondissement est un des arrondissement historique de Paris. Venez découvrir les Halles et la canopée et demeurez à 10 minutes à pied de Notre dame et "
29143	Welcome to your own beautiful, authentic Parisian apartment with tall windows and plenty of sunlight in all three rooms, an adorable kitchen and a small tiled bathroom with a shower. It's 55 square meters and it's all yours! We've designed the apartment to be the perfect urban getaway for friends or families who want to make Paris their home during their stay. The living room has a comfortable convertible couch for two. The first bedroom had a full-size bed with a closet and plenty of storage space. The second bedroom has two twin-size beds and storage and an air conditioning unit. The apartment features: • Free high speed WiFi • Authentic wooden floors • Comfortable, fresh linen sheets • Clean towels • Storage space • Dining table and chairs • Couch • Espresso machine • Laundry machine • Dishwasher • Hair dryer • Iron and ironing board • Air conditioning and central heating Please note that the apartment is on the top sixth floor which offers a fabulous view on Parisian roofs. The ele	You have found your home in the center of Paris! With a comfortable living room (with a convertible couch), two bedrooms and a fully-equipped kitchen, you will have plenty of space to relax and enjoy yourself while enjoying our beautiful city. Welcome to your own beautiful, authentic Parisian apartment with tall windows and plenty of sunlight in all three rooms, an adorable kitchen and a small tiled bathroom with a shower. It's 55 square meters and it's all yours! We've designed the apartment to be the perfect urban getaway for friends or families who want to make Paris their home during their stay. The living room has a comfortable convertible couch for two. The first bedroom had a full-size bed with a closet and plenty of storage space. The second bedroom has two twin-size beds and storage and an air conditioning unit. The apartment features: • Free high speed WiFi • Authentic wooden floors • Comfortable, fresh linen sheets • Clean towels • Storage space • Dining table and chairs • C
29144	Bonjour, Je sous-loue ma chambre la dernière quinzaine de janvier 2015.  L'appartement est dans la très renommée rue Montorgueil, 75002 Paris. TOUS commerces (supermarkets, restos, bars, pharma, tabacs...), carrefour des metros et du RER Chatelet-Les Halles...super environnement, très à la mode où se promènent les célébrités et où sont tournés films et télé-réalités! Il fait 106 m² , très bon état, lumineux, est composé de 4 chambres, 2 salles de bains (tu auras la tienne), 1 grand salon, 1 cuisine séparée et 2 toilettes. La chambre fait approximativement 11m2, elle a 2 grandes fenêtres car elle est à l'angle de la rue. Elle est baignée de soleil le matin et très lumineuse le reste de la journée avec la vue sur la très jolie rue dont le rocher de cancale, classé au patrimoine français. J'ai 3 colocs (3 hommes) âgés de 28 à 31 ans, très sympas, easy-going. Ils apprécient les personnes ouvertes d'esprit et qui aiment le voyage. Toutes nationalités sont les bienvenues!Merci de me contacte	Bonjour, Je sous-loue ma chambre la dernière quinzaine de janvier 2015.  L'appartement est dans la très renommée rue Montorgueil, 75002 Paris. TOUS commerces (supermarkets, restos, bars, pharma, tabacs...), carrefour des metros et du RER Chatelet-Les Halles...super environnement, très à la mode où se promènent les célébrités et où sont tournés films et télé-réalités! Il fait 106 m² , très bon état, lumineux, est composé de 4 chambres, 2 salles de bains (tu auras la tienne), 1 grand salon, 1 cuisine séparée et 2 toilettes. La chambre fait approximativement 11m2, elle a 2 grandes fenêtres car elle est à l'angle de la rue. Elle est baignée de soleil le matin et très lumineuse le reste de la journée avec la vue sur la très jolie rue dont le rocher de cancale, classé au patrimoine français. J'ai 3 colocs (3 hommes) âgés de 28 à 31 ans, très sympas, easy-going. Ils apprécient les personnes ouvertes d'esprit et qui aiment le voyage. Toutes nationalités sont les bienvenues!Merci de me contacte
29145	The flat is 80m2 (860ft2)  on the 4th floor overseeing Parisian rooftops. and there is an elevator !	"Freshly refurbished flat. Master bedroom, dining room and living room, small yet fully-fledged and functional kitchen and bathroom. Located in a semi pedestrian alley, the flat is an ideal chill haven in one of the most vibrant Paris districts ! The flat is 80m2 (860ft2)  on the 4th floor overseeing Parisian rooftops. and there is an elevator ! The whole flat apart from my daughter's room I've prepared things so you rapidly feel like a local. I'm around if you need anything, my office is very nearby the flat is located in ""SoPi' (for South Pigalle), 10mn walk from Montmartre, the Grandes Galeries' or the Garnier Opéra, 15mn from the Louvre Museum. The immediate surroundings bring plenty of shops, restaurants, bars and clubs for all styles and budgets ! the closest metro - down the road - is Grands Boulevards (line 8 and 9). 5mn walk is Cadet (line 7). You are 15mn from anywhere in Paris with the metro. But plenty of cabs if you feel lazy."
29146	All of the apartment faces south so it's always sunny and you wake up in a good mood.  It all has a lot of cachet, with old point-de-hongrie wooden floors.  Big living room with 2 big couches (one folds out into a queen bed).  Open well equipped kitchen (dishwasher)   Bathroom with a bathtub and super old tomettes tiles.  The room is upstairs with an old (non working) black marble mantlepiece and a view on the parisian rooftops that makes you feel like you're in The Aristocats.  	"On the 4th floor (no elevator but easy climb) of a typically early twentieth century parisian building, this flat can host up to 4 guests (but is more comfortable for a couple). It is ma maison and I love it!  All of the apartment faces south so it's always sunny and you wake up in a good mood.  It all has a lot of cachet, with old point-de-hongrie wooden floors.  Big living room with 2 big couches (one folds out into a queen bed).  Open well equipped kitchen (dishwasher)   Bathroom with a bathtub and super old tomettes tiles.  The room is upstairs with an old (non working) black marble mantlepiece and a view on the parisian rooftops that makes you feel like you're in The Aristocats.  The internet is working well (this is also my office), so does the TV and I have tons of DVDs if you're tired of walking around Paris. There's also a TV in the bedroom if you're really that much into TV but come on it's Paris!  Ridiculously central. It is located in what we call ""le triangle d'or"", the go"
29147	HOUSING The apartment is bright (11 large windows), high volume (4,20 m height ceiling) with charming mouldings, entirely renovated in designer style.  It is on 2nd floor and is accessible with stairs or elevator There are 3 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with king size bed and 2 bedrooms with queen size beds.  There are 2 bathrooms, both offer showers and the master bathroom has a separate italian shower, a  bathtub and double washbasin. 2 toilets There is a large living room fully equipped with WIFI, Home cinema (screen on the ceiling) DVD player, playstation and cable TV.  The kitchen is spacious with dining area and large table (extension to accomodate up to 12 people) and is fully equipped (Siemens brand household appliances) with oven, microwave, refigerator, vitroceramic, toaster, Nespresso coffe machine Baby coat and baby chair available.	142-sqm designer apartment in Montorgueil area. Bright, cosy, high ceilings and contemporary atmosphere. Renovated by architects in 2012. Great central location to enjoy some of the cities' finest cafes, restaurants and tourist attractions. HOUSING The apartment is bright (11 large windows), high volume (4,20 m height ceiling) with charming mouldings, entirely renovated in designer style.  It is on 2nd floor and is accessible with stairs or elevator There are 3 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with king size bed and 2 bedrooms with queen size beds.  There are 2 bathrooms, both offer showers and the master bathroom has a separate italian shower, a  bathtub and double washbasin. 2 toilets There is a large living room fully equipped with WIFI, Home cinema (screen on the ceiling) DVD player, playstation and cable TV.  The kitchen is spacious with dining area and large table (extension to accomodate up to 12 people) and is fully equipped (Siemens brand household appliances) with oven, microwave, refige
29148	A very lively Parisian district less well-known than the surrounding areas One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike.This district shows how even the busy center of Paris reserves village-like nooks. It also gives a picture of how Paris manages to be resolutely modern while preserving traditions such as family-owned fishmongers, cheese shops, and (website hidden) terms of shopping, Montorgueil has everything you need: small convenience stores, bakeries, general food stores, and, of course, a wide selection of restaurants. If the fast pace of life of the streets of Montorgueil appeals to you for your next stay in Paris, why not take a look at our list of apartments in the area? The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge.  This bea	A very lively Parisian district less well-known than the surrounding areas One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike.This district shows how even the busy center of Paris reserves village-like nooks. It also gives a picture of how Paris manages to be resolutely modern while preserving traditions such as family-owned fishmongers, cheese shops, and (website hidden) terms of shopping, Montorgueil has everything you need: small convenience stores, bakeries, general food stores, and, of course, a wide selection of restaurants. If the fast pace of life of the streets of Montorgueil appeals to you for your next stay in Paris, why not take a look at our list of apartments in the area? The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge.  This bea
29149	Room: 12 m2 - 133 sqft, is like an independent studio, situated in an apartment - we share only the entrance. There is a skylight that you can open, so the place is always bright and airy, also calm and peaceful. This was a former attic, the ceiling is slanted, partly low -- perhaps not suitable for a very tall person.  The flat is on the 4th, and top floor - without lift. *** Staircase is old and small *** Walk up the stairs is for:  the young, young-at-heart and light travelers only :)! A set of keys, so you can be free to come and go as you please. Your own private open bathtub and WC inside the room. Refrigerator Toaster Hot water kettle Bodum coffee maker Induction hot-plate (for simple cooking only)  Microwave oven Dishes, glasses, spoons, knifes, forks etc. Blanket and bed linens etc. Towels (Serviettes) Hair Dryer Single bed (90 x 190cm) Desk and chair Wifi/ Internet available. *** There is no washing machine *** Laundromat just down the street open 7/7.   You must be independe	Your own private open-bathroom and WC are inside the room. Bright and quiet room. In a flat on the 4th and top floor with no elevator. Conveniently located, in the heart of Palais Royal and Opera area. Safe, fun and lively neighborhood. Room: 12 m2 - 133 sqft, is like an independent studio, situated in an apartment - we share only the entrance. There is a skylight that you can open, so the place is always bright and airy, also calm and peaceful. This was a former attic, the ceiling is slanted, partly low -- perhaps not suitable for a very tall person.  The flat is on the 4th, and top floor - without lift. *** Staircase is old and small *** Walk up the stairs is for:  the young, young-at-heart and light travelers only :)! A set of keys, so you can be free to come and go as you please. Your own private open bathtub and WC inside the room. Refrigerator Toaster Hot water kettle Bodum coffee maker Induction hot-plate (for simple cooking only)  Microwave oven Dishes, glasses, spoons, knifes,
29150		At the heart of the Montorgueil area full of good restaurants, our studio welcomes 2 people in a large sofa bed 160x 200. it is fully equipped, very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard and an 8-minute walk from the Louvre, 15 minutes from Notre Dame.
29151	"Unique flat, beautiful and calm, you will have access to everything you need. The flat has one bedroom for 2 people but also a nice sofa bed that can welcome 1-2 other people. Perfect for a couple or a small family.  Living and dining room, one bathroom with a bath, a complete kitchen with oven, washing machine and separated toilets. Wifi access.  Very quiet and peaceful. This flat is in the center but without the commotion and speed. Right next to Place des Victoires, walk one way to the classic Montorgueil district, also known as the art district.  It is only for pedestrians, with cute little streets, restaurants, bars, shops, galleries but also one of the best markets in Paris! Walk the other way on Ave des Petites Champs where you see the old Paris, Galerie Vivienne, and ""rue saint-anne"", known for being the street of the best and most affordable japanese and Korean restaurants in Paris! 15 min walk to the Louvre and Chatelet. I've fallen in love with this area and I am sure you wi"	"Unique flat, beautiful and calm, you will have access to everything you need. The flat has one bedroom for 2 people but also a nice sofa bed that can welcome 1-2 other people. Perfect for a couple or a small family.  Living and dining room, one bathroom with a bath, a complete kitchen with oven, washing machine and separated toilets. Wifi access.  Very quiet and peaceful. This flat is in the center but without the commotion and speed. Right next to Place des Victoires, walk one way to the classic Montorgueil district, also known as the art district.  It is only for pedestrians, with cute little streets, restaurants, bars, shops, galleries but also one of the best markets in Paris! Walk the other way on Ave des Petites Champs where you see the old Paris, Galerie Vivienne, and ""rue saint-anne"", known for being the street of the best and most affordable japanese and Korean restaurants in Paris! 15 min walk to the Louvre and Chatelet. I've fallen in love with this area and I am sure you wi"
29152	I provide my studio (when I go on weekends or holidays) of 30m2, bright and design, in the heart of Paris. It is located near the Place des Victoires, at 100m from the Louvre. It enjoys an great view  on several monuments of Paris. Very quiet, the studio is on the 7th floor and has a kitchen and a separate bathroom.  This apartment is ideal for those wishing to visit Paris on foot while living in a historical, central and classy district.	Bright studio of 30m2, design in the heart of Paris. Nestled on the 7th floor (with elevator) , clear view on Parisian monuments such as the Opera and the Eiffel Tower. Located at 100 m from the Louvre. Equipped kitchen I provide my studio (when I go on weekends or holidays) of 30m2, bright and design, in the heart of Paris. It is located near the Place des Victoires, at 100m from the Louvre. It enjoys an great view  on several monuments of Paris. Very quiet, the studio is on the 7th floor and has a kitchen and a separate bathroom.  This apartment is ideal for those wishing to visit Paris on foot while living in a historical, central and classy district. Access to all the apartment Métro Louvre Rivoli line 1 Sentier lige 3 Les Halles line 4
29153	Appartement à deux pas du Louvres et de tous les centres d'intérêt parisien.	Nous vous proposons un appartement familial de 165 m2 au 1er étage sur jardin, en plein centre de Paris. Il est doté de 4 chambres, d'une grande piece de réception avec une cuisine ouverte, 3 pièces d'eau, et une terrasse de 20m2. Appartement à deux pas du Louvres et de tous les centres d'intérêt parisien. Tout Paris!
29154	Hello,  In this apartment with a view over Paris dating from the Napoleon III period and is ideally situated in the area of the Grands Boulevards, between the Opéra Garnier and the Place de la République, I propose a nice room for 2 persons with double bed. It is a very peaceful welcoming apartment with its herringbone parquet flooring and is exceptionally light and airy as well as being fully equipped with all amenities. It is situated on the sixth floor (which explains the panoramic view) and the elevator is quite new ! It is within this apartment measuring 90m² that I have reserved an 18m² room for you. It is a private comfortable room with a double bed. Your bathroom next door is at your disposal. 	I propose a spacious double bed room in an authentic  central flat with nice view on Paris       Hello,  In this apartment with a view over Paris dating from the Napoleon III period and is ideally situated in the area of the Grands Boulevards, between the Opéra Garnier and the Place de la République, I propose a nice room for 2 persons with double bed. It is a very peaceful welcoming apartment with its herringbone parquet flooring and is exceptionally light and airy as well as being fully equipped with all amenities. It is situated on the sixth floor (which explains the panoramic view) and the elevator is quite new ! It is within this apartment measuring 90m² that I have reserved an 18m² room for you. It is a private comfortable room with a double bed. Your bathroom next door is at your disposal. You have accesse to the kitchen for your breakfast, tea, coffee nad little lunches. You can easily connect to internet by Wi-Fi. I live in the apartment……..Sometimes I ‘m there (in my own room
29155		2 pièces agréable et confortable en plein coeur de Paris, au pied du métro et donnant sur la rue Montorgueil. Pièce principale spacieuse avec salon et cuisine américaine, une chambre douillette, une grande SDB et des toilettes séparées. Wifi. Très joli quartier animé en plein coeur de Paris. La rue Montorgueil dispose de toutes les commodités : supermarchés, boulangeries, pharmacies, traiteurs (italien, grec, asiatique etc.), tabac, primeurs, poissonnier, boucher, fromagers etc. + de nombreux bars et restaurants ! L'immeuble se trouve au pied du métro sentier sur la ligne 3, à 400m des métros Réaumur Sebastopol (ligne 4) et Bonne Nouvelle (lignes 8 et 9), et moins de 10 minutes à pieds du forum des Halles (ligne 1, ligne 4, ligne 7, ligne 11, ligne 14 et RER A, B et D)
29156		Chambre tout confort dans bel appartement, en plein centre de Paris. Accès à la cuisine (Réfrigirateur, four, micro-onde, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge) et à la salle de bain très belle et très moderne. Il y a aussi un chat très sociable dans l'appartement !
29157	The flat is on the 2nd floor of a haussmanian building and it is with a balcony. It is very spacious, light, airy eith volume high ceilings. It is also located in 75002 which is the best kept secret of local Parisians. It is right smack center of Paris. You can walk everywhere from this center of Paris: ile st louis, the 5th arr., 1st arr... Most specially, the life around will show how local Parisians really live. Visit rue montorgeuil and you will see. 	This beautiful apartment of almost 80 square meters is on rue Réaumur & is ideally located in the 2nd arr.  It is a few minutes away from the 1st; louvre; ; near rue Montorgueuil & rue montmartre. ideal for family or group of 4.  The flat is on the 2nd floor of a haussmanian building and it is with a balcony. It is very spacious, light, airy eith volume high ceilings. It is also located in 75002 which is the best kept secret of local Parisians. It is right smack center of Paris. You can walk everywhere from this center of Paris: ile st louis, the 5th arr., 1st arr... Most specially, the life around will show how local Parisians really live. Visit rue montorgeuil and you will see. small elevator. 3 TVs in the flat. wifi. big open kitchen with all the amenities. Big bathroom - shower with double shower.  laundry facilities. Guest can use entire flat. Huge salon.  There is coffee, bottled or Brita water, shampoo, conditionner and soap. Kitchen is fully equipped  We are in London but we ha
29158	"The Space Charming room located on the Grands Boulevards, just in front of the metro and bus station Strasbourg Saint Denis for one person or a couple, The apt is located 5min from Republique, and about 10 min from the canal Saint Martin, 10 min from Beaubourg, 10 min from the Halles, you can visit a lot of place by walking, nevertheless the bus , the metro and velib station are just down the apt. The apt is about 120 m² and the room rented got his own bathroom with tub and wc, washing machine, hair dryer,so you have it only for you, beside the bedroom there is a little place where you can leave your luggages . The apt is at the first floor and there is an elevator. In the room you will find all to take a light breakfast, tea, coffee and biscuit, and of course Wi-Fi connection. It takes about 10minutes to walk to the trendy neighborhood ""The Marais"" , 15 minutes to walk to the Bourse and the Opera, Metro lines Strasbourg Saint Denis, lines 4,8,9,. Please contact me if you have any ques"	"The Space Charming room located on the Grands Boulevards, just in front of the metro and bus station Strasbourg Saint Denis for one person or a couple, The apt is located 5min from Republique, and about 10 min from the canal Saint Martin, 10 min from Beaubourg, 10 min from the Halles, you can visit a lot of place by walking, nevertheless the bus , the metro and velib station are just down the apt. The apt is about 120 m² and the room rented got his own bathroom with tub and wc, washing machine, hair dryer,so you have it only for you, beside the bedroom there is a little place where you can leave your luggages. The apt is at the first floor and there is an elevator. In the room you will find all to take a light breakfast, tea, coffee and biscuit, and of course Wi-Fi connection. It takes about 10minutes to walk to the trendy neighborhood ""The Marais"" , 15 minutes to walk to the Bourse and the Opera, Metro lines Strasbourg Saint Denis, lines 4,8,9,. Please contact me if you have any quest"
29159	Located in the heart of Paris, in a lively district between the Marais and Montorgeuil, the apartment (T2) is composed of double room, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a shower room.   Recently renovated, the apartment is convenient and comfortable, with contemporary decor / cable TV - WIFI - Telephone - Printer ... In the bedroom: a double bed, cupboard. In the living room: sofa convertible to double bed, a desk and storage space. In the kitchen: refrigerator, oven, ceramic hob, dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine and everything you need for everyday life.   A washing machine and a clothes dryer are available in the bathroom.   Near the subway, (metro station: Strasbourg Saint Denis line 4 - 8 - 9 ), the apartment is close to all amenities: supermarket, bakery and other shops ... and also  Parisian lifestyle restaurants, bistros and bars.   A few steps from the pedestrian Montorgueil district and the Marais, this quiet apartment is ideally located for visiting Paris and, 	Located in the heart of Paris, in a lively district between the Marais and Montorgeuil, the apartment (T2) is composed of double room, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a shower room. Located in the heart of Paris, in a lively district between the Marais and Montorgeuil, the apartment (T2) is composed of double room, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a shower room.   Recently renovated, the apartment is convenient and comfortable, with contemporary decor / cable TV - WIFI - Telephone - Printer ... In the bedroom: a double bed, cupboard. In the living room: sofa convertible to double bed, a desk and storage space. In the kitchen: refrigerator, oven, ceramic hob, dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine and everything you need for everyday life.   A washing machine and a clothes dryer are available in the bathroom.   Near the subway, (metro station: Strasbourg Saint Denis line 4 - 8 - 9 ), the apartment is close to all amenities: supermarket, bakery and other shops ... a
29160	The apartment is perfect to host a family in the 90m2  (almost 1000  Sq Ft) surface that includes 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, an open-plan kitchen, 2 bathrooms and separated toilet. We preserved all the antique features: high ceilings, beautiful moldings, oak parquets floors and four marble chimneys with theirs miroirs.  If you glance from the windows of the living room you will see the Grands Boulevards, from the bedrooms a charming street.  LIVING ROOM  The entrance hall leads to a spacious and luminous living room where a double cozy couch and an armchair will make your stay relaxing. The couch is convertible in a queen bed with a real mattress, that can perfectly be used as regular bed. There is two fireplaces, huge flat screen TV/Cable, DVD player and WIFI Internet.  It has two large french windows which provide lots of sunlight and a nice view to the trees and roofs of the Boulevard.  DINING  ROOM Eat dinner at home beside the fireplace. The dining table seats up to 6.   THE KITCH	Our home is a very beautiful and large parisian apartment in an incredible 19th century building. You will be able to enjoy all the charms of the Old Paris with the comfort of a Modern Hotel. Wander around the house through Marais & Grands Boulevards The apartment is perfect to host a family in the 90m2  (almost 1000  Sq Ft) surface that includes 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, an open-plan kitchen, 2 bathrooms and separated toilet. We preserved all the antique features: high ceilings, beautiful moldings, oak parquets floors and four marble chimneys with theirs miroirs.  If you glance from the windows of the living room you will see the Grands Boulevards, from the bedrooms a charming street.  LIVING ROOM  The entrance hall leads to a spacious and luminous living room where a double cozy couch and an armchair will make your stay relaxing. The couch is convertible in a queen bed with a real mattress, that can perfectly be used as regular bed. There is two fireplaces, huge flat screen TV/Cable
29161	The apartment is new and full furnished, just near a supermarket and other stores like bakery, butcher's shop and grocery.	Apartment near Montorgueil street, second floor, windows on street and quit courtyard, modern, new and full furnished. HD TV and High-speed Wifi. Nice place for a romantic stay in Paris, Capital of love. The apartment is new and full furnished, just near a supermarket and other stores like bakery, butcher's shop and grocery. I live very close and I'm helpful. I'll be happy to share my experience of Paris and give advise on place to visit, museum, restaurants, etc... Montorgueil is the most typical place in the downtown of Paris. Enjoy the genuine Parisian life. Very close to metro (lines 3,4,8,9) and RER A.
29162	This 60sqm flat is located near by Montorgueil street, a highly fashionnable area in the heart of Paris. This 2nd floor flat is in a quiet, clean and recently renewed building, accesible with a lift. All windows give on the courtyard wich make it peacefull. In this typical Parisian flat with wooden floor, you will find 2 rooms with kingsize bed in each, and a kingsize convertible sofa in the living room. The kitchen is entirely equipped with dish-washer, washing-machine/dryer/ You will also find a hair-dryer, a flat-iron, internet and TV. We provide towels & bed-linnen. Do not hesitate to contact us at any time by email, text or phone for any information.	This 60sqm flat is located near by Montorgueil street, a highly fashionnable area in the heart of Paris. We provide you with all neccesities you could need : Internet, Washing-machine, cleaning-machine.
29163	The real parisian roof top flat ! In the very fashionable and historical rue Montorgueil area, we can comfortably have 2 people ... or up to 4 for a short stay. 	The real parisian roof top flat ! In the very fashionable and historical rue Montorgueil area, we can comfortably have 2 people ... or up to 4 for a short stay.  . Right in the center of all the parisian sights and shopping. Enjoy your morning coffee in one of the typical cafés on the rue Montorgueil. 
29164	This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building overlooking the street. The windows are double-glazed. Access of the building is secured by a door code. The apartment is very quiet. Layout This lovely 43 sqm apartment has two separate rooms. It has been recently renovated and decorated in a simple but tasteful way. The entrance gives on a corridor that leads to the bedroom, bathroom and the kitchen and opens on the main room. This main room is very pleasant. The two large French windows are double-glazed and features traditional wooden inner shutters, they overlook a pedestrian street. The living area features two couches, a coffee table and a flat television with cable channels. One of the two couches is a sofabed with a double bed (queen size 160x200). A closet with shelves is at your disposal. The dining area features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. If you like to cook, you will appreciate the electric oven and its divider perfec	Cozy 1-bedroom 43 sqm apartment to rent for up to four guests in a pedestrian area of Montorgueil. Come and discover a lively neighborhood but from a very quiet apartment ! High ceiling, wooden floor, a mix of classical and contemporary. Do not hesit This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building overlooking the street. The windows are double-glazed. Access of the building is secured by a door code. The apartment is very quiet. Layout This lovely 43 sqm apartment has two separate rooms. It has been recently renovated and decorated in a simple but tasteful way. The entrance gives on a corridor that leads to the bedroom, bathroom and the kitchen and opens on the main room. This main room is very pleasant. The two large French windows are double-glazed and features traditional wooden inner shutters, they overlook a pedestrian street. The living area features two couches, a coffee table and a flat television with cable channels. One of the two couches is a sofabed with a double b
29165	Lovely flat in trendy and historical area of Le Marais. Come discover the best of Paris with amazing hosts who will share the flat with you and help you make your trip the best one you never had. Subway : Rambuteau / Hotel de Ville Disctrict : Le Marais / Beaubourg appartement :80m2 terrace 10m2 2 rooms with double beds  free wifi LCD plasma bathroom ( with real bath) washing machine Dish washing machine 10 min walkng from le Louvre/ La Seine/ Tuileries Hairdryer Printer Paris the city of love, culture , fashion and party! We will be happy to welcome you in our beautiful place in the very heart of Le marais. you will find shops, restaurants, bars, subway stations, museum, beautiful and youg people to party day and night, jardins and quai de Seine, bread and wine,...  Besides, the appartement is really quite if you want to rest because it's not in front of the street,  you have your own privacy in a beautiful room with terrasse, double bed,in a beautiful and art deco parisian style .  I	Lovely flat in trendy and historical area of Le Marais. Come discover the best of Paris with amazing hosts who will share the flat with you and help you make your trip the best one you never had. Subway : Rambuteau / Hotel de Ville Disctrict : Le Marais / Beaubourg appartement :80m2 terrace 10m2 2 rooms with double beds  free wifi LCD plasma bathroom ( with real bath) washing machine Dish washing machine 10 min walkng from le Louvre/ La Seine/ Tuileries Hairdryer Printer Paris the city of love, culture , fashion and party! We will be happy to welcome you in our beautiful place in the very heart of Le marais. you will find shops, restaurants, bars, subway stations, museum, beautiful and youg people to party day and night, jardins and quai de Seine, bread and wine,...  Besides, the appartement is really quite if you want to rest because it's not in front of the street,  you have your own privacy in a beautiful room with terrasse, double bed,in a beautiful and art deco parisian style .  I
29166	Vous aurez votre grande chambre individuelle (35m2) dans un  appartement que vous partagerez  avec notre fille de 22 ans. Cet appartement de 75 m2 dispose également d'une autre chambre, d'une arrière cuisine, d'une cuisine (four, grille pain, frigidaire, congélateur) et d'une salle de bain (baignoire + machine à laver le linge).  Des vélos peuvent être déposés dans la cour.	Très central, cet appartement de 80m2 très calme et clair donne sur une cour fleurie. La campagne à Paris ! Accueille 2 pers maxi dans une grande chambre (lit double)/salon. Profitez des monuments, restaurants, supermarchés à vos pied:-) Vous aurez votre grande chambre individuelle (35m2) dans un  appartement que vous partagerez  avec notre fille de 22 ans. Cet appartement de 75 m2 dispose également d'une autre chambre, d'une arrière cuisine, d'une cuisine (four, grille pain, frigidaire, congélateur) et d'une salle de bain (baignoire + machine à laver le linge).  Des vélos peuvent être déposés dans la cour.  A 5mn de la gare du Nord (Eurostar) en métro de la station Réaumur Sébastopol, de la gare Saint-Lazare (15 mn) L'appartement est idéalement situé au croisement de la rue Montorgueil, très vivante tout au long de l'année. Il est également très proche des quartiers touristiques et des plus beaux monuments de Paris. Vous disposerez de nombreux commerces, restaurants, bars. 2kms de Not
29167	The flat is at the 6th floor with an (email hidden) has been renewed a few month ago in a traditionnal parisian building so you'll get a fresh et design atmosphere with a nice classical hausmannien roof view. Full of light and very practical, you'll have a perfect stay whatever you intend to do in paris :)	Between beaubourg and rue montorgueil, the flat is at the perfect city center. metro ligne 4, 3, 9, 8 are reachable in 2 minutes and rer A,B,C,D, metro 1,7 at chatelet-les halles in 5 minute, you can reach any point in paris in less than 30min
29168	This warm studio with exposed beams is very functional. You won’t fail to be impressed by its cozy atmosphere. Ideally located near Les Halles, you will be able to easily get around Paris. Adjoining the National Library and in front of a nice Parisian square, this studio is located in an old hotel entirely restructured. It is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the  elevator.  In the living room area, you will find two 140 cm convertible sofas that can be isolated one from the other by a separating curtain. The dining area includes a large table with 4 chairs. An office area with a computer offers a work space. The bathroom includes a bathtub and toilets. This studio has a lot of charm with moldings located in the Opéra neighborhood. Between the Opéra and Montorgueil, there is the vibrant business district of the Bourse. Once the working day is over, it becomes quiet. Discover the wonderful Galerie Vivienne, located between the Bourse and the Palais Royal, covered with a	This warm studio with exposed beams is very functional. You won’t fail to be impressed by its cozy atmosphere. Ideally located near Les Halles, you will be able to easily get around Paris. Adjoining the National Library and in front of a nice Parisian square, this studio is located in an old hotel entirely restructured. It is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the  elevator.  In the living room area, you will find two 140 cm convertible sofas that can be isolated one from the other by a separating curtain. The dining area includes a large table with 4 chairs. An office area with a computer offers a work space. The bathroom includes a bathtub and toilets. This studio has a lot of charm with moldings located in the Opéra neighborhood. Between the Opéra and Montorgueil, there is the vibrant business district of the Bourse. Once the working day is over, it becomes quiet. Discover the wonderful Galerie Vivienne, located between the Bourse and the Palais Royal, covered with a
29169	"Welcome to Your Own Very Center Paris 2nd Arrondissement! Eighteenth-century Petit-LOFT your stay includes welcome bottle of French reserve wine, chocolats, your own fresh Paris Map, selection of teas & café, herbs, spices, basic condiments  along with a new 9"" TABLET already (website hidden) connected WiFi /provided and free telephone for your convenience.:-)  **Check-in 12h45 (or after, even late night arrivals are okay). Smallest Security deposit. ENTIRELY your OWN FULLY PRIVATE PARIS VERY CENTRE, FRESH & ROMANTIC PETIT-LOFT,  EIGHTEENTH CENTURY WITH EXPOSED WOOD BEAMS !  A GREAT HOME BASE TO VISIT CENTRAL ICONIC TOURIST AREAS BUT QUIET STREET AT NIGHT FOR SLEEPING.  WITH NEARBY MARKETS, CAFES, BOULANGERIES, and ALL OTHER AMENITIES !   A BRIGHT,  FRESH SPACE with ADJUSTABLE, DIM-ABLE ROMANTIC LIGHTING, and COLORS FOR AMBIANCE RELAX or ROMANITIC THAT YOU CONTROL.  EQUIPPED KITCHEN, EQUIPPED PRIVATE BATHROOM w BATHTUB & SHOWER, SKYLIGHTS,  BATH TOWELS & BED LINENS PROVIDED. WiFi INTER"	"Welcome to Your Own Very Center Paris 2nd Arrondissement! Eighteenth-century Petit-LOFT your stay includes welcome bottle of French reserve wine, chocolats, your own fresh Paris Map, selection of teas & café, herbs, spices, basic condiments  along with a new 9"" TABLET already (website hidden) connected WiFi /provided and free telephone for your convenience.:-)  **Check-in 12h45 (or after, even late night arrivals are okay). Smallest Security deposit. ENTIRELY your OWN FULLY PRIVATE PARIS VERY CENTRE, FRESH & ROMANTIC PETIT-LOFT,  EIGHTEENTH CENTURY WITH EXPOSED WOOD BEAMS !  A GREAT HOME BASE TO VISIT CENTRAL ICONIC TOURIST AREAS BUT QUIET STREET AT NIGHT FOR SLEEPING.  WITH NEARBY MARKETS, CAFES, BOULANGERIES, and ALL OTHER AMENITIES !   A BRIGHT,  FRESH SPACE with ADJUSTABLE, DIM-ABLE ROMANTIC LIGHTING, and COLORS FOR AMBIANCE RELAX or ROMANITIC THAT YOU CONTROL.  EQUIPPED KITCHEN, EQUIPPED PRIVATE BATHROOM w BATHTUB & SHOWER, SKYLIGHTS,  BATH TOWELS & BED LINENS PROVIDED. WiFi INTER"
29170		Appartement de charme en plein coeur de Paris avec vue sur les toits !  L'appartement est situé à côté des métros Bourse (ligne 2) et Grand Bouvelard (Ligne 8 et 9)  - 5 min de Palais Royal - 5 min d'Opéra - 10 min du Louvre - 10 min de Chatelet les Halles - 15 min du Sacré Coeur Montmartre
29171	Standing The apartment is on the 3rd floor in a building whose entrance is protected by a digital lock from the street and an intercom from the courtyard. The living room and two bedrooms overlook the boulevard, but the windows have triple glazing, you will sleep in peace! The third bedroom overlooks the charming courtyard. The apartment is very bright, it has many windows and beautiful original stained glass windows. Layout This beautiful 147 sqm (1490 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, a large living room, a kitchen / dining room and a spacious bathroom. It has the charm of typical Parisian apartment with hardwood floors, high ceilings with beautiful moldings, marble fireplaces and large mirrors. The beautiful entrance is equipped with closets, it opens onto a hallway that overlooks a beautiful living room furnished with taste. The kitchen is fully equipped, you will have even a wine cellar at your disposal during your stay. The kitchen is open on the dining room. You can 	This amazing 147 sqm 3-bedroom apartment sleeps six guests. Very comfortable, decorated with much taste, you will love this place ! Five minutes away from Montorgueil, les Grands Boulevards, le Marais or République, close to six metro lines. Standing The apartment is on the 3rd floor in a building whose entrance is protected by a digital lock from the street and an intercom from the courtyard. The living room and two bedrooms overlook the boulevard, but the windows have triple glazing, you will sleep in peace! The third bedroom overlooks the charming courtyard. The apartment is very bright, it has many windows and beautiful original stained glass windows. Layout This beautiful 147 sqm (1490 sq ft) apartment has three separate bedrooms, a large living room, a kitchen / dining room and a spacious bathroom. It has the charm of typical Parisian apartment with hardwood floors, high ceilings with beautiful moldings, marble fireplaces and large mirrors. The beautiful entrance is equipped with
29172	The location is far among the best ones for people visiting Paris. You have everything you need just next door.	This very charming flat on top floor with HUGE balcony is located in central Paris (Bourse), with 1min to OPERA, 5min GALERIE LAFAYETTE, 5min THE LOUVRE, 3min to two famous streets with plenty of restaurants and minutes to TUILERIES GARDEN.  Sun on the balcony: 9-11:30 and 16-20 The location is far among the best ones for people visiting Paris. You have everything you need just next door. Restaurants, bars, museums and the Seine all by walking distance.
29173	Charming apartment in the very heart of Paris. Lovely and cosy studio on the 2nd floor, with its high ceilings and very large window.  Located in the famous and animated neighborhood of Montorgueil (2ème arrondissement) with lots of bars, restaurants, museums and cinemas.  10 minutes walk to Opera House, Les Galeries Lafayette, Chatelet les Halles, or the Louvre.  Near from lots of Metro ( Lignes 3, 4, 8, 9, 1) and bus which desserve the place as well as a taxi stand is around the corner.  Easy access from the airports' (Roissy and Orly) and the train stations' (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est...) shuttles.  You will enjoy the Bakery on the ground floor!  Ideal for young couple or if you want ti visit Paris on your own.  See you soon and have a great trip in the city of lights!	Charmant Studio en plein cœur de Paris. D'une petite superficie mais doté d'une belle hauteur sous plafond (très grande fenêtre) et d'une mezzanine, ce studio vous garantira un agréable séjour grâce à son emplacement exceptionnel. Situé dans le quartier Montorgueil (2e arrondissement), quartier très vivant et dynamique (nombreux bars, restaurants, musées et cinémas). A 10 minutes à pied de l'Opéra, des Galeries Lafayette, de Chatelet les Halles, de Beaubourg ou encore du Louvre. Charming apartment in the very heart of Paris. Lovely and cosy studio on the 2nd floor, with its high ceilings and very large window.  Located in the famous and animated neighborhood of Montorgueil (2ème arrondissement) with lots of bars, restaurants, museums and cinemas.  10 minutes walk to Opera House, Les Galeries Lafayette, Chatelet les Halles, or the Louvre.  Near from lots of Metro ( Lignes 3, 4, 8, 9, 1) and bus which desserve the place as well as a taxi stand is around the corner.  Easy access from the 
29174		Studio dans le centre de Paris, avec kitchenette et salle de bain très bien agencé idéal pour 2 personnes. Appartement donnant sur cour pour une nuit calme. Proche des métros 3,4,8,9 permet de se déplacer rapidement par tout dans la capitale.
29175	It is an apartment of very bright modern charm (completely renewed for nine) the building is atypical from the 19th century opening on a popular and trading district. Situated under the roofs of Paris 6th district floors without (website hidden) is apartment is ideal for a couple The studio is secured with a reinforced door, a building with digicode. It consists of a main room equipped with a sofa bed, with a table with dressing room, TV and DVD with WiFi connection high-Speed. There is a small dining table with 2 chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a vitro ceramic plate 4 fires with basket, a kettle, a microwave, a refrigerator, cupboards and flatware. Of a bathroom with Italian-style thermostatic shower in mosaic Bizzaza, a towel dryer and of one toilet suspended. The apartment is electrically warmed. Also supplied: sheets, cover, towels and kitchenware. There is of numerous store of closeness (supermarket Department store, several shops of shopping, coffee / tobacco, bookshop, bake	It is an apartment of very bright modern charm (completely renewed for nine) the building is atypical from the 19th century opening on a popular and trading district. Situated under the roofs of Paris 6th district floors without (website hidden) is apartment is ideal for a couple The studio is secured with a reinforced door, a building with digicode. It consists of a main room equipped with a sofa bed, with a table with dressing room, TV and DVD with WiFi connection high-Speed. There is a small dining table with 2 chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a vitro ceramic plate 4 fires with basket, a kettle, a microwave, a refrigerator, cupboards and flatware. Of a bathroom with Italian-style thermostatic shower in mosaic Bizzaza, a towel dryer and of one toilet suspended. The apartment is electrically warmed. Also supplied: sheets, cover, towels and kitchenware. There is of numerous store of closeness (supermarket Department store, several shops of shopping, coffee / tobacco, bookshop, bake
29176	You will feel right at home in this elegant, comfortable and modern studio apartment. It features a large, well-lit living room with a very comfortable 2 person sofa bed, a kitchen with stove, oven, refrigerator and coffee maker, and a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. You will also have a TV and free wifi access. The ultra-hip Quartier Montorgueil is a central Parisian neighborhood straddling the 1st and 2nd arrondissements is full of boutiques, restaurants and cafes. Most of its narrow streets are closed to vehicular traffic and filled with pedestrians, giving Le Quartier Montorgueil a distinct village feel. It is an area with a rich culinary past; its western edge, the Forum des Halles (Metro Les Halles), was once a wholesale food market. Some of its most famous culinary establishments include Au Rocher de Cancale (established 1804) and La Maison Stohrer, which was founded by Louis XV’s pastry chef and is now one of Paris’ oldest bakeries. Fashion connoisseurs will find themsel	"Very nice and new studio, quiet, bright and comfortable riding between ""Montorgueil"" neighborhood and the ""Sentier"".  ideal for couples on romantic weekend as well as for workers during their business trip.  You will feel right at home in this elegant, comfortable and modern studio apartment. It features a large, well-lit living room with a very comfortable 2 person sofa bed, a kitchen with stove, oven, refrigerator and coffee maker, and a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. You will also have a TV and free wifi access. The ultra-hip Quartier Montorgueil is a central Parisian neighborhood straddling the 1st and 2nd arrondissements is full of boutiques, restaurants and cafes. Most of its narrow streets are closed to vehicular traffic and filled with pedestrians, giving Le Quartier Montorgueil a distinct village feel. It is an area with a rich culinary past; its western edge, the Forum des Halles (Metro Les Halles), was once a wholesale food market. Some of its most famous culinary es"
29177	Located in the most perfect area of Paris, close to l'Opéra, le Louvre, le Palais Royal, la Place Vendôme, les Tuilleries, la Rue St Honoré, les Grands Magasins, Le Marais, l'île Saint Louis et l'île de la Cité. This small appartment has many more advantages than his location ...... 	"Located in the most perfect area of Paris, close to l'Opéra, le Louvre, le Palais Royal, la Place Vendôme, les Tuilleries, la Rue St Honoré, les Grands Magasins, Le Marais, l'île Saint Louis et l'île de la Cité. This small appartment has many more advantages than his location ...... Just down stair you will find grocery stores, restaurants, theaters, cinemas, shopping aera, ...  Metros and train station are also just ""in front of the door"" I will be more than happy to help you prepare your stay. All the details about your arrival will be sent to you few days before your arrival. Then I will meet you to give you the keys and get them back. I personnaly love the garden of ""Palais Royal"" Metro (M° 3) and bus (39 - 20 - 27) nearly in front of the door Metro (M° 8 - 9) on the street behind For Week-End check-in to be done on Friday after 16:00"
29178		Central, charming, bright, clean flat in heart of Paris ( Montorgueil). Walking distance from  Le Louvre, Pompidou, Notre Dame..... Accès Wifi gratuit.
29179	Duplex de 3pièces charmant poutres apparentes. 6ème étage SANS ascenseur.L'appartement est composé d'un vaste salon + espace cuisine, une petite chambre très lumineuse, une salle de bain (baignoire) et une chambre spacieuse à l'étage: vue époustouflante! Quartier piéton.  Le wifi a un super débit. Pas de Tv. Pas ce clim. 3 Rooms Duplex - 1 very roomy living room, equipped with a Kitchenette + 1 small bedroom with breathtaking natural light + 1 room upstairs, very spacious, with an amazing view of Paris (enclosed).  Also one bathroom, equipped with a bathtube. Excellent wifi. No A/C. No TV.	3 rooms appartm, 6th floor w/o elevator, roof level,
29180	The studio is situated in the historic and commercial street of the 2nd arrondissement of Paris and is an open living space measuring 300 square feet (27 square meters). It is located on the 1th floor of a 1970’s French apartment building very secure. The studio has lots of natural light and can accommodate two persons. The sleeping arrangements include one double sized bed convertible en a big sofa. It also has a telephone: free calls in France and free calls for abroad (for some countries). Calls are not free for mobile calls, you also have an internet connection (wifi or USB cable), big  LCD television, DVD player (Zone 2: will not play US DVDs), iron and ironing board, closet space as well as a big bar  table and four chairs. A desktop for  Smoking is not allowed and sorry no pets. The kitchenette is open and is equipped with a multi-function microwave, big fridge, coffee maker, electric kettle, washing machine, portable double stovetop and all cooking utensils necessary. The bathr	The studio is situated in the historic and commercial street of the 2nd arrondissement of Paris and is an open living space measuring 300 square feet (27 square meters). It is located on the 1th floor of a 1970’s French apartment building very secure. The studio has lots of natural light and can accommodate two persons. The sleeping arrangements include one double sized bed convertible en a big sofa. It also has a telephone: free calls in France and free calls for abroad (for some countries). Calls are not free for mobile calls, you also have an internet connection (wifi or USB cable), big  LCD television, DVD player (Zone 2: will not play US DVDs), iron and ironing board, closet space as well as a big bar  table and four chairs. A desktop for  Smoking is not allowed and sorry no pets. The kitchenette is open and is equipped with a multi-function microwave, big fridge, coffee maker, electric kettle, washing machine, portable double stovetop and all cooking utensils necessary. The bathr
29181	This is a typical Parisian style apartment with one separate bedroom with queen size bed, a living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, a bathroom with a bathtub, a fully equipped kitchen and a separate Restroom. Amenities: - Free high-speed Internet  - Fresh towels and linens - Cooking ware, plates, cups  - Kitchen table  - Queen size bed  - Sofa-bed  - Washing machine and dryer - Dishwasher - Microwave, oven, fridge / freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee machine	Cosy, clean and comfortable apt for up to 4 people. The apt features a functional kitchen area, bathroom with bathtub, bedroom with a queen size bed and a living room with a sofa-bed. Prime location in the heart of Paris (Montorgueil neighborhood). This is a typical Parisian style apartment with one separate bedroom with queen size bed, a living room with a sofa-bed for 2 people, a bathroom with a bathtub, a fully equipped kitchen and a separate Restroom. Amenities: - Free high-speed Internet  - Fresh towels and linens - Cooking ware, plates, cups  - Kitchen table  - Queen size bed  - Sofa-bed  - Washing machine and dryer - Dishwasher - Microwave, oven, fridge / freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee machine Guest will have access to the entire apartment and all the amenities. Me or one of my friend will welcome you and show you the apartment to ease your arrival and answer all your questions. You may feel free to contact me with any questions 24/7 before, during and after the stay. Very nic
29182		Nice flat in the heart of PARIS! Feel yourself like at home!  Very closed to many showplaces, next to few lines of metro and bus stops. Shops, markets , famous Parisian bakeries in a step from its!!!
29183	Chambre au premier étage de l'immeuble avec belle hauteur sous plafond, parquais d'époque et moulures hausmaniennes miroir Napoléon 3, douche, cuisine simple mais efficace:)	Chambre Classique hausmannienne de 13 m2 , cheminées en marbre, parquais d'époque, dressing, tapis de course. Vous avez un accès partagé salle de bain , cuisine. Situé en plein centre de paris dans la rue saint Denis, animée et à 10 minutes à pied de tout paris!! une chambre charmante et accueillante:) Chambre au premier étage de l'immeuble avec belle hauteur sous plafond, parquais d'époque et moulures hausmaniennes miroir Napoléon 3, douche, cuisine simple mais efficace:) 1 chambre avec lit 1 cuisine 1 salle de bain La gardienne sur le même palier vous remettra les clés ou moi meme :) Le quartier est en plein centre de paris a 2 pas de tout paris! Parrots agité Le soir, et très vivant la journée, il offre de mombreux commerces et rues touristiques. A 2 minutes du métro Strasbourg st Denis, Réaumur Sébastopol, Sentier, Bonne Nouvelle, près de Gare de l'Est, république, châtelet, Sentier, opéra... Available for 2 people No pets :)
29184	"FRANCAIS ITALIANO ESPAGNOL "" "" Appartement dans un des quartiers piétonniés les plus fameux du coeur de Paris ""Le village Montorgueil ""dans le 2éme arrondissement , ce magnifique appartement de 34m2 comprenant , une cuisine , un salon , un coin chambre et une salle d'eau avec baignoire et wc vous offre tout le confort et la tranquilité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour . Lumineux, sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , il est à la fois chic , accueillant , et chaleureux . Situé dans un trés bel immeuble de la fin du 18 éme siécle et sécurisé avec un digicode , il se trouve au 2 er étage , parfait .... Son emplacement central est idéal pour découvrir (website hidden) ne vous faut que quelques minutes pour vous rendre à pied , et de l'appartement , au merveilleux musée du Louvre , au musée Beaubourg ,dans les sublimes jardins des tuileries ,les jardins du Palais-Royal ,l'incontournable quartier du Marais ou encore le mythique "" Saint Germain des Prés ""...Le quartier est ch"	"Located in the Montorgueil area (2e) where you can find the trendiest cafes, restaurants and designers' shops along with vintage shops, our apartment is at a walking distance (10 to 20 min) to the best touristic places: Louvre, Marais, Beaubourg... FRANCAIS ITALIANO ESPAGNOL "" "" Appartement dans un des quartiers piétonniés les plus fameux du coeur de Paris ""Le village Montorgueil ""dans le 2éme arrondissement , ce magnifique appartement de 34m2 comprenant , une cuisine , un salon , un coin chambre et une salle d'eau avec baignoire et wc vous offre tout le confort et la tranquilité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour . Lumineux, sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , il est à la fois chic , accueillant , et chaleureux . Situé dans un trés bel immeuble de la fin du 18 éme siécle et sécurisé avec un digicode , il se trouve au 2 er étage , parfait .... Son emplacement central est idéal pour découvrir (website hidden) ne vous faut que quelques minutes pour vous rendre à pied , e"
29185	"You are looking at a really charming and stylish studio in an elegant Haussmanian building, within 10 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum and Opera ! Step out the door and you will find yourself on one of the most trendy neighborhood in Paris called Montorgueil ! This district is also very chic,  just near the famous ""Place de la Bourse"", high fashioned, elegant, highly secured and surrounded by nice restaurants, coffees and shops.   The apartment is absolutely lovely. We are not going to lie, it's a small place but you'll find everything you need and you will feel just like home. You can honestly feel the good vibes in this place. The apartment has 25 square meters, comfortably welcome 2 people (sleeping in the same bed !) and has just been renovated (december 2014) Located on the 6th and last floor, there is an elevator until the 5th floor. It's a really QUIET building so it's definitely not the place to party. The apartment is really bright and you'll have a typical parisian view on"	"- This apartment has all the parisian charms close to everything ! - Opera- Bourse Neighborhood is prestigious and safe, close to everything ! - Within 5min walk, you have 3different tube stations - I'm the coolest host ever and will advice you :) You are looking at a really charming and stylish studio in an elegant Haussmanian building, within 10 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum and Opera ! Step out the door and you will find yourself on one of the most trendy neighborhood in Paris called Montorgueil ! This district is also very chic,  just near the famous ""Place de la Bourse"", high fashioned, elegant, highly secured and surrounded by nice restaurants, coffees and shops.   The apartment is absolutely lovely. We are not going to lie, it's a small place but you'll find everything you need and you will feel just like home. You can honestly feel the good vibes in this place. The apartment has 25 square meters, comfortably welcome 2 people (sleeping in the same bed !) and has just been "
29186		Appartement chaleureux, calme, aux poutres apparentes, décor cosy, en plein Paris. Rue piétonne Montorgueil, regorgeant de boutiques, de terrasses de café et de restaurants. Notre-Dame, St Michel, la Seine accessibles en 15 minutes à pied.
29187	"Located at the ""Grands boulevards, Bonne Nouvelle"", it's a very good place, very well located,  it's in the center of Paris, just near the Metro (Line 8 and 9), between ""Opera, boulevard Haussman, Galeries Lafayettes"" and ""Place de la république"". You have to walk 16 minutes to go to Le Louvre. There's a little kitchen, with a fridge, a bathroom, toilets. There's one bed for 2 people and one sofa bed for 2 others persons. There's a TV with cable, and there's internet (cable and Wifi) in the apartment. From the appartment, there's a view on a nice courtyard. Please send me a message before the reservation, many thanks."	"Located at the ""Grands boulevards, Bonne Nouvelle"", it's a very good place, very well located,  it's in the center of Paris, just near the Metro (Line 8 and 9), between ""Opera, boulevard Haussman, Galeries Lafayettes"" and ""Place de la république"". You have to walk 16 minutes to go to Le Louvre. There's a little kitchen, with a fridge, a bathroom, toilets. There's one bed for 2 people and one sofa bed for 2 others persons. There's a TV with cable, and there's internet (cable and Wifi) in the apartment. From the appartment, there's a view on a nice courtyard. Please send me a message before the reservation, many thanks."
29188	"Business Suite located in the heart of the touristic ""Village Montorgueil"" and parisian ""Digital District"". Surrounded by the best fancy restaurants, shops and foodtores un town, the apartment is only a few minutes away from le Louvre and Opera de Paris. Rented by our Business Partners during the week. This small loft is a very simple yet modern business ""Suite"". Available from thursday to sunday, it is rented by the consultants and business partners of our Company during the rest of the week.  With it's high ceiling and large kitchen, it is very confortable for 1 or 2 and may be transformed into a family-room for 4 - very confortable sofabed in the living-room. * 2 TVs * Dish washer * Washing machine  * Iron and board * WIFI Cleaning and ironing service upon request Direct access To RER A and B (Champs Elysée, CNIT La Defense, ...) and several underground lines (1,3 and 4).  "	"This small loft is a business ""Suite"" (33m2) for the consultants and business partners of our company. Very confortable for 1 / 2, the apartment may be suitable for a family of 4 w/great sofa bed in the living room.  Check-in: 2pm-8pm / not sunday"
29189	Studio both chic and fonctional in the spirit of GaiParis with Neons, industrial furnitures composed of Zinc, gloss paint and solid oak,  witch offers some storage units, mini Bar and an office to think, work and dream before chilling in an elegant bathroom with books and a long bath.	38 m2 a light open space with a bar and hardwood floor in a 1900's building typical of this factory and showrooms Area. Studio both chic and fonctional in the spirit of GaiParis with Neons, industrial furnitures composed of Zinc, gloss paint and solid oak,  witch offers some storage units, mini Bar and an office to think, work and dream before chilling in an elegant bathroom with books and a long bath. Very central in the middle of many Art Deco shopping arcades,  Place des Victoires and les Halles, two blocs from the Palais Royal park, with publics transports, shops, delis and terrasses all over. You will enjoy the panorama from a large french window at the 4th floor with elevator. Feel intimate in this chromatic refuge of a neighborhood that always has something going on, perfect for singles workers with bests nightspots at your feets where poeple meet in the soul of french touch..  Have fun, and fall in love!
29190	A beautiful quiet home between these two worlds, a typical Parisian apartment with a contemporary twist, with large windows, wooden floors, a glass wall partition and some green on the walls, the whole decorated with absolute delicate design will complete your Parisian experience.	It is a beautiful quiet home between these two worlds, a typical Parisian apartment with a contemporary twist, with large windows, wooden floors, a glass wall partition and some green on the walls, the whole decorated with absolute delicate design A beautiful quiet home between these two worlds, a typical Parisian apartment with a contemporary twist, with large windows, wooden floors, a glass wall partition and some green on the walls, the whole decorated with absolute delicate design will complete your Parisian experience. -Metro stations at less than 3 minutes: Réaumur- Sebastopol ( Lines 3 and 4), Etienne Marcel ( Line 4), Arts et Metiers ( Lines 3 and 11) . -8mn walking from La place de la bastille -15mn walking from station Chatelet -Velib bike station around the block -If you come from the airport CDG: Take the RER B to Gare du Nord . Then take the metro line 4 direction Montrouge and get off at Réaumur- Sebastopol.  Coming from ORLY airport Take the Orly-Bus to Denfer Rochereau 
29191	"Dear Potential guests,  Come and discover one of the coolest area's in Paris.  I am a  foreigner in Paris myself and lived allready in plenty different areas, but this is one of the area's where i feel most at home. In the middle of the ""sentier "" near by the rue montergueil, with plenty of restaurants/ bars and with the best butcher's and bakery's, you won't starve !    Very close to all the other area's. Lot's of metro stations nearby ( 3, 4 , 9, 8 ) Marais and Canal saint martin at walking distance.  I have an atypical appartment, ( it was a former clothes workshop) with a little cute balcony ( good for a romantic dinner, or enjoying the sun ). There is lot's of light and a big kitchen and living room. One bedroom and bathroom with a washing machine.  I even have a treadmill in my leaving room if you would decide to do some sports after the "" croissants "" you 've had for breakfast.  Being a foreigner myself , I discover all the time the city and try to know all the new places. I lov"	"Dear Potential guests,  Come and discover one of the coolest area's in Paris.  I am a  foreigner in Paris myself and lived allready in plenty different areas, but this is one of the area's where i feel most at home. In the middle of the ""sentier "" near by the rue montergueil, with plenty of restaurants/ bars and with the best butcher's and bakery's, you won't starve !    Very close to all the other area's. Lot's of metro stations nearby ( 3, 4 , 9, 8 ) Marais and Canal saint martin at walking distance.  I have an atypical appartment, ( it was a former clothes workshop) with a little cute balcony ( good for a romantic dinner, or enjoying the sun ). There is lot's of light and a big kitchen and living room. One bedroom and bathroom with a washing machine.  I even have a treadmill in my leaving room if you would decide to do some sports after the "" croissants "" you 've had for breakfast.  Being a foreigner myself , I discover all the time the city and try to know all the new places. I lov"
29192	Welcome home, In the heart of Paris, between the Grands Boulevards and the Montorgueil district, our apartment of 100 m2 (1076 Feet2) is ideal for a family or friends. Like us, you will be charmed by its view on the roofs, which offers a poetic panorama of the capital. A bright, quiet and functional apartment that combines the typical Parisian charm and space! The apartment includes: * A large lounge and a sofa XXL, french armchairs Old-Vintage, and libraries offering a wide choice. (Comic books, art books, novels ...) * A design kitchen open to the living room. You will find all the necessary equipment there, if you like to cook. * 3 bedrooms: - 1 bedroom and king-size bed (2 adults) - 1 bedroom with one bed in mezzazine (1 adult)      + one bed for baby (max 3 years old ) - 1 bedroom for little child (max 5 years old)  In the lounge, the sofa also provides a large extra bed (1 adult) We also provide all the equipment and games for children (cot, playpen, wooden high chair, changing t	Welcome home, In the heart of Paris, between the Grands Boulevards and the Montorgueil district, our apartment of 100 m2 (1076 Feet2) is ideal for a family or friends. Like us, you will be charmed by its view on the roofs, which offers a poetic panorama of the capital. A bright, quiet and functional apartment that combines the typical Parisian charm and space! The apartment includes: * A large lounge and a sofa XXL, french armchairs Old-Vintage, and libraries offering a wide choice. (Comic books, art books, novels ...) * A design kitchen open to the living room. You will find all the necessary equipment there, if you like to cook. * 3 bedrooms: - 1 bedroom and king-size bed (2 adults) - 1 bedroom with one bed in mezzazine (1 adult)      + one bed for baby (max 3 years old ) - 1 bedroom for little child (max 5 years old)  In the lounge, the sofa also provides a large extra bed (1 adult) We also provide all the equipment and games for children (cot, playpen, wooden high chair, changing t
29193	My name is Estelle and i'm a new host on Airbnb. My apartment (typical old parisian style) is located in the center, in one of the best area of Paris, which is the neighborhood of Les Halles-Montorgueil. Ten minutes walk from the Louvre museum and the Pompidou Center, and even less to get to La Seine.  The neighborhood is one of the most trendy places in Paris, and you'll find many restaurants, bars, fashion stores, supermarkets... In short, that's definitely the best location to enjoy the parisian way of life. By the way, Montorgueil is known for its food market, its delicious and varies restaurants and its very charming outside terraces and cafes. About the transportation : The flat is very close to the Metro and RER stations Chatelet-Les Halles, from where you can reach out of Paris in less than 30 mins. And it's direct from CDG airport or Orly airport with the line B ! (It takes around 30-40 mins).  Bedroom 1 : 1 double bed  Bedroom 2 : 1 single bed  Living room : Double sofa bed  	My name is Estelle and i'm a new host on Airbnb. My apartment (typical old parisian style) is located in the center, in one of the best area of Paris, which is the neighborhood of Les Halles-Montorgueil. Ten minutes walk from the Louvre museum and the Pompidou Center, and even less to get to La Seine.  The neighborhood is one of the most trendy places in Paris, and you'll find many restaurants, bars, fashion stores, supermarkets... In short, that's definitely the best location to enjoy the parisian way of life. By the way, Montorgueil is known for its food market, its delicious and varies restaurants and its very charming outside terraces and cafes. About the transportation : The flat is very close to the Metro and RER stations Chatelet-Les Halles, from where you can reach out of Paris in less than 30 mins. And it's direct from CDG airport or Orly airport with the line B ! (It takes around 30-40 mins).  Bedroom 1 : 1 double bed  Bedroom 2 : 1 single bed  Living room : Double sofa bed  
29194	Welcome to my very modern, charming and central Parisian Flat!  This flat is ideally situated in the centre of Paris (between Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards) and is very close to several underground stations (Line 3, 8 and 9) and Bus stops. From this location you can easily walk to many great spots in town: Opéra and Le Louvre are only 10 minutes walk away;  Les Halles & Montorgueil only 5 minutes. The Building is equipped with a security code and the neighbourhood has easy access to typical French Bakers (opposite my flat!),  Supermarkets, Fashion Boutiques, many specialist food stores as well as many great Theatres, Museums (Musée Grévin is less than 1 minute walk away), restaurants, bars and night clubs! It is airy and light, well-appointed and extremely pleasant for a stay  Sheets and towels are provided and the apartment is prepared as at a hotel for your arrival!  In addition, this flat offers you following services and facilities:   - High speed WIFI internet - Flat Screen TV	Welcome to my very modern, charming and central Parisian Flat!  This flat is ideally situated in the centre of Paris (between Montorgueil and Grands Boulevards) and is very close to several underground stations (Line 3, 8 and 9) and Bus stops. From this location you can easily walk to many great spots in town: Opéra and Le Louvre are only 10 minutes walk away;  Les Halles & Montorgueil only 5 minutes. The Building is equipped with a security code and the neighbourhood has easy access to typical French Bakers (opposite my flat!),  Supermarkets, Fashion Boutiques, many specialist food stores as well as many great Theatres, Museums (Musée Grévin is less than 1 minute walk away), restaurants, bars and night clubs! It is airy and light, well-appointed and extremely pleasant for a stay  Sheets and towels are provided and the apartment is prepared as at a hotel for your arrival!  In addition, this flat offers you following services and facilities:   - High speed WIFI internet - Flat Screen TV
29195		Studio à coté de la rue Montorgueuil 
29196		Studio neuf pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, très central, donnant sur une cour calme, au pied de la porte Saint Denis, sur la ligne 4,8 et 9 du métro.
29197	Beautiful duplex of 50 m² on the 6th and last floor with elevator that can accommodate 2 to 4 people. Bedroom and large bathroom with bath upstairs. Downstairs living room, open kitchen and bathroom. Large corner sofa for 2 people for the night also. Indoor terrace of 10 m² without opposite for a romantic dinner or breakfast outside. Balcony overlooking the street. Equipment: - kitchen equipped with ceramic hobs, oven and microwave, Senseo coffee machine, toaster ... - Box TV and Canal +, wireless internet - Bathroom with bath Towels Provided. - Bedroom with bed 160 x 200 and bed linen provided. The apartment has a great central location to cover a part of Paris on foot. 5 to 10 minutes walk to the City Hall, the Marais, the Halles and Beaubourg, rue Montorgueil with its bars and restaurants, the Grands Boulevards with the big shopping stores (Printemps and the Gallery Lafayette) and the Opera Garnier. Very well served by public transport, close to the subway stations Strasbourg St-Den	Beautiful duplex of 50 m² on the 6th and last floor with elevator that can accommodate 2 to 4 people. Bedroom and large bathroom with bath upstairs. Downstairs living room, open kitchen and bathroom. Large corner sofa for 2 people for the night also. Indoor terrace of 10 m² without opposite for a romantic dinner or breakfast outside. Balcony overlooking the street. Equipment: - kitchen equipped with ceramic hobs, oven and microwave, Senseo coffee machine, toaster ... - Box TV and Canal +, wireless internet - Bathroom with bath Towels Provided. - Bedroom with bed 160 x 200 and bed linen provided. The apartment has a great central location to cover a part of Paris on foot. 5 to 10 minutes walk to the City Hall, the Marais, the Halles and Beaubourg, rue Montorgueil with its bars and restaurants, the Grands Boulevards with the big shopping stores (Printemps and the Gallery Lafayette) and the Opera Garnier. Very well served by public transport, close to the subway stations Strasbourg St-Den
29198	The right side of Seine there is the situated the cosy flat, just close to everywhere. 15 min by walking to Montmartre, 10 min to Louvre. 	The right side of Seine there is the situated the cosy flat, just close to everywhere. 15 min by walking to Montmartre, 10 min to Louvre. 
29199	Petit cocon niché sous les toits de Paris. Atmosphère suave et tranquille. Idéalement placé pour découvrir et sortir sur Paris. Douillet, petite bulle de calme dans votre séjour parisien. La rue est calme, pas un bruit dans l'appartement. Mes voisins sont adorables et très discrets.	Charmant appartement de deux pièces. En plein cœur de Paris entre Réaumur Sébastopol et Strasbourg St Denis. Sous les mansardes avec poutres apparentes. Fleurs au balcons. Soleil dans le salon. Cosy et confortable dans une petite rue calme.  Petit cocon niché sous les toits de Paris. Atmosphère suave et tranquille. Idéalement placé pour découvrir et sortir sur Paris. Douillet, petite bulle de calme dans votre séjour parisien. La rue est calme, pas un bruit dans l'appartement. Mes voisins sont adorables et très discrets. Appartement douillet pouvant accueillir deux personnes. Grand lit à sommier à lattes, très confortable. Salle de bain compacte et cuisine bien équipée où je vous laisserai de quoi petit déjeuner: café, thé, confitures... J'espère pouvoir vous accueillir bientôt et vous donner tous les conseils et mes adresses favorites. Parisien de souche, j'aime ma ville et qui plus est ce quartier qui regorge de bons petits resto et bars sympas.  Au coeur du Sentier, plein de petits r
29200		Posso alugar um quarto com cama de casal ou um quarto com duas camas de solteiro. Trata-se de um apartamento novinho, a 15 minutos do Louvre e Opera, metro linhas 3, 8 e 9. É realmente bem central e um charme! 
29201	Just one block away from the famous Opera Garnier, this 37m2 one bedroom apartment is newly refurbished with modern and contemporary designs from some of Paris' best shops. The sleeper sofa is from Steiner Paris one of the best in terms of comfort, style and design. The bedroom has a 180 cm (king) bed that can be separated into two single beds. There are hardwood floors throughout the apartment and exposed beams in the living room and bedroom. Great place for your Paris vacation...	Just one block away from the famous Opera Garnier, this 37m2 one bedroom apartment is newly refurbished with modern and contemporary designs from some of Paris' best shops. The sleeper sofa is from Steiner Paris one of the best in terms of comfort. Just one block away from the famous Opera Garnier, this 37m2 one bedroom apartment is newly refurbished with modern and contemporary designs from some of Paris' best shops. The sleeper sofa is from Steiner Paris one of the best in terms of comfort, style and design. The bedroom has a 180 cm (king) bed that can be separated into two single beds. There are hardwood floors throughout the apartment and exposed beams in the living room and bedroom. Great place for your Paris vacation... Wifi and cable. If you need anything during your stay, I am a phone call away. With its impressive collection of paintings and sculptures, the Louvre attracts visitors from the world over, who often combine it with a stroll in the adjoining Tuileries gardens. Desi
29202	Studio au 1er étage avec ascenseur, composé d'un espace de vie avec petit coin salon et autre espace avec un grand lit table de chevet, télévision écran plat. Une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, bouilloire, grille pain, machine nespresso...	Un appartement situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble entièrement rénové dans un quartier touristique, à deux pas de l'Opéra de Paris. Grand studio deux personnes, entièrement équipée et décoré avec goût. Une ambiance très romantique et parisienne. Studio au 1er étage avec ascenseur, composé d'un espace de vie avec petit coin salon et autre espace avec un grand lit table de chevet, télévision écran plat. Une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lave vaisselle, four, bouilloire, grille pain, machine nespresso... En plein cœur de Paris, proche de l'Opéra de Paris, accessible par plusieurs lignes de métro, bus, station de taxi proche et station accès au bus tour de Paris. Nous accueillons les voyageurs tout au long de l'année. Nous sommes présents pour la remise de clés à leur arrivée et à leur départ, ce qui leur permet de nous poser toutes leur interrogations. Durant tout leur séjour, nous sommes joignable de façon à ce qu'il passe un séjour agréable. Un quartier touristique, proche de l'Opér
29203	It's a very luminous flat in a quiet area. It looks on to a street coming towards it perpendicularly, so has an open feel. With its high ceiling it gives the impression of a loft.	Spacious flat with many windows in a quiet area a short walk from the pedestrianised rue Montorgeuil with its many quality shops, restaurants and cafés. It has a master bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and walk-in shower. The second bedroom has a double bed and there are two additional single trundle beds. The bedrooms look onto a pretty quiet yard. There is a good-sized, fully equipped open-plan kitchen with quality applicances. It's a very luminous flat in a quiet area. It looks on to a street coming towards it perpendicularly, so has an open feel. With its high ceiling it gives the impression of a loft. The entire flat is at your disposal. Its situated on the first floor, so access is easy. This is the old textile manufacturing neighbourhood. It is rapidly undergoing renovation and gentrification. It's only 15 minutes walk from the Louvre and a multitude of other places of interest.
29204	80 m2 of living space (95 sq yd) , 12 m2 (15 sq yd) of sunny equipped balcony, 5th floor with spacious elevator, a large salon, 1 double bedroom, 2 bunk beds in separate bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 separate shower, separate toilets and a fitted kitchen.	An authentic 19th century charming ashlar Haussmann-style Parisian apartment, fully equipped, in the heart of Montorgueil, the Europe's largest pedestrian zone at Paris Centre. Comfortably accommodate 4 people. 80 m2 of living space (95 sq yd) , 12 m2 (15 sq yd) of sunny equipped balcony, 5th floor with spacious elevator, a large salon, 1 double bedroom, 2 bunk beds in separate bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 separate shower, separate toilets and a fitted kitchen. Enter into a bright and comfortable apartment where you will find your home in Paris... Contemporary designer furnishings.  High ceilings, plenty of light, oak original parquet, large door-windows in all rooms open onto a long balcony. HiFi stereo HiFi with high-end speakers, radio and CD player.  WiFi in all rooms and balcony. 2.5 Bathrooms:  1. Bathtub with double hand basins.  2. Shower cubicle with hand basin.  3. Separate toilet. Fully equipped kitchen: dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, large fridge and freezer. gas stove with ho
29205	Il est unique pour l'histoire du quartier Montorgueil, Sentier et de la Rue de Réaumur imaginée par le Baron Haussmann et Gustave Eiffel. La structure en acier du bâtiment qu'on retrouve dans l'appartement rappelle cette époque (année 1890)	Découvrez Paris en profitant de cet appartement rénové et typique de l'époque Haussmann/Eiffel. Situé dans le quartier historique du Marché Montorgueil, vous avez à vos pieds sa rue piétonne et bouillonnante de vie et le tout paris qui vous attends. Il est unique pour l'histoire du quartier Montorgueil, Sentier et de la Rue de Réaumur imaginée par le Baron Haussmann et Gustave Eiffel. La structure en acier du bâtiment qu'on retrouve dans l'appartement rappelle cette époque (année 1890) L'appartement sera libre et disponible. La tranquillité est mère d'un bon séjour ! - La vie de quartier et de la rue piétonne de montorgueil - ses cafés parisiens - Ses multiples bouchers, crémiers, primeurs... - Son accessibilité (Metro 3/4 et la gare de Chatelet à 5min) Ligne 3-4 et toutes celles (RER/Metro...) qui passent par Chatelet-Les Halles
29206	La salle de séjour dispose d’un canapé lit, une table et des chaises, il y a une télévision par câble, internet haut débit gratuit, la cuisine est séparée et très bien aménager : four à micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson électrique, machine expresso, assiettes verres à eau et à vin, tasses à café et couverts ainsi que des accessoires de cuisine (poêle, casseroles), la salle de bain spacieuse est équipée d’une baignoire, il y a une armoire muni de cintres pour ranger vos vêtements et vos affaires.	This beautiful modern studio of 40 m2 fully renovated, there is also a small terrace, it is in the 5th floor with elevator in a secure building, this studio is located in the heart of Paris a few minutes walk from the Opera.
29207		Sofa bed for two persons, open kitchen, shower room and separate WC. Bed linen & towels included. Check-in: from 14:00. Check-out: before 11:00 am. 2 minutes to metro. The location is just perfect - you are close to everything! Besides that there are a lot of supermarkets and in a few meters. Near the metro. Metro Reaumur-Sebastopol (lines 3, 4) - 2 minutes walking from the apartment. Metro: Strasbourg - Saint-Denis (lines 4,8,9) - 6 minutes walking.
29208	Un magnifique appartement Haussmannien de 2 pièces, 43 m2 parquet au sol, moulures au plafond, cheminées et miroirs. L’appartement est au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, tout équipé, très lumineux et calme. Il y a un salon avec clic-clac, une chambre avec lit double, une petite cuisine et une petite salle de bain, plutôt ancienne.  Lovely 2 rooms Haussmanien apartment, 43 sm, 3rd floor without elevator, all equiped, bright and calm. There is one living room with a sofa bed, one room with a double bed, a small kitchen and a small and old bathroom.  	Charming Apartment in the center of Paris with a leaving room and a bedroom. Un magnifique appartement Haussmannien de 2 pièces, 43 m2 parquet au sol, moulures au plafond, cheminées et miroirs. L’appartement est au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, tout équipé, très lumineux et calme. Il y a un salon avec clic-clac, une chambre avec lit double, une petite cuisine et une petite salle de bain, plutôt ancienne.  Lovely 2 rooms Haussmanien apartment, 43 sm, 3rd floor without elevator, all equiped, bright and calm. There is one living room with a sofa bed, one room with a double bed, a small kitchen and a small and old bathroom. Internet - Wifi  TV  Music  Microwave - Fridge  Washing machine  Coffee machine  Hairdryer Towels Bed sheets  I am available by email and phone.  Someone will be at the flat for check-in & check-out.  Available to give you plenty of tips for your stay in Paris! L’appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pied de Chatelet, du musée Georges Pompidou et du quartier Montorgueil. Il f
29209		숙소최대의 장점은 교통입니다. 파리 중심이라 루브르 박물관(15분안), 튈르리공원(15분안), 오페라(10분안)와 도보로 근접. 에펠탑으로 바로 가는 9호선, 샹드막스 공원으로가는 8호선, 마레로 가는 3호선 초근접. 침대가 1인용 사이즈라 수용인원 1인이라고 기재했지만, 원하시면 복수 인원도 가능. 스튜디오 설명 : 모던한 아메리칸 키친을 중심으로 모던함과 빈티지함 공존. 샤워실 욕실 취사시설 구비. wifi 무료. 즉시 임대가능.
29210	Take the elevator up to the 3rd floor. As you put your bags down, you will immediately feel at home in Paris. The city’s culture, history, art, and all that you have dreamed of is now yours to explore. An unforgettable stay is about to begin. There is so much to do but first, take a breath and sit down on the sofa bed of the living room. You will notice a modern and tastefully decorated apartment nested in a charming ancient Parisian building. The sunlight coming through three large windows makes it even more beautiful. While you have seen pictures on the net, these cannot describe how pleasant the apartment is during the day and night being in the middle of a pedestrian street. Relax, rest, the ingredients are here for you to enjoy your holidays. In one click, you are connected to your close ones and to the world. You can access your Whatsap, mail, IP phone via a perfect hi-speed cable connection. Take advantage of the generous closet space for your clothes and your purchases. For you	Modern 1 Bedroom  (37 sqm) apartment located on a pestedian street in the heart of paris and close to transportation. The apartment is on the 3rd floor with elevator. It is very well equipped (linen, nespresso, ipod station) and sleeps 4 people. Take the elevator up to the 3rd floor. As you put your bags down, you will immediately feel at home in Paris. The city’s culture, history, art, and all that you have dreamed of is now yours to explore. An unforgettable stay is about to begin. There is so much to do but first, take a breath and sit down on the sofa bed of the living room. You will notice a modern and tastefully decorated apartment nested in a charming ancient Parisian building. The sunlight coming through three large windows makes it even more beautiful. While you have seen pictures on the net, these cannot describe how pleasant the apartment is during the day and night being in the middle of a pedestrian street. Relax, rest, the ingredients are here for you to enjoy your holida
29211	This Studio was renovated in 2015. A ceiling height of 3.80m made possible to bring the bedding part (real bed for 2 people) and the wardrobes together on an independent mezzanine, accessible by a retractable staircase located in the ceiling. Two large double-glazed windows give this apartment a cozy atmosphere . The apartment is very quiet, it consists of an integrated and fully equipped kitchen (vitroCeramic plates, fridge, washing  machine, equipment for cooking etc), extended by a cosy dining area nearby the windows . The lounge area has a sofa bed and a coffee table .  A LED TV is also available. The main entrance of the building (with code) is in the small Passage De La Trinité. The apartment is quiet and overlooks a small courtyard. The apartment is located in the 2nd arrondissement. Everything is close : small restaurants and cafes in Rue Saint Denis , the crowd in the Rue Montorgueil, all the department stores du Châtelet , and also the Beaubourg museum. Conveniently close to 	This Studio was renovated in 2015. A ceiling height of 3.80m made possible to bring the bedding part (real bed for 2 people) and the wardrobes together on an independent mezzanine, accessible by a retractable staircase located in the ceiling. Two large double-glazed windows give this apartment a cozy atmosphere . The apartment is very quiet, it consists of an integrated and fully equipped kitchen (vitroCeramic plates, fridge, washing  machine, equipment for cooking etc), extended by a cosy dining area nearby the windows . The lounge area has a sofa bed and a coffee table .  A LED TV is also available. The main entrance of the building (with code) is in the small Passage De La Trinité. The apartment is quiet and overlooks a small courtyard. The apartment is located in the 2nd arrondissement. Everything is close : small restaurants and cafes in Rue Saint Denis , the crowd in the Rue Montorgueil, all the department stores du Châtelet , and also the Beaubourg museum. Conveniently close to 
29212	Appartement situé dans un quartier très agréable et convoité, appartement très agréable et calme, copropriété très sympathique également. Le logement est très bien équipé vous ne manquerez de rien.	Très agréable studio de charme entièrement rénové au cœur de la capital dans les cartiers populaire tout prés des grands centres culturelle de la ville. A deux pas de la rue de Montorgueil et très facile d’accès en transport. Appartement situé dans un quartier très agréable et convoité, appartement très agréable et calme, copropriété très sympathique également. Le logement est très bien équipé vous ne manquerez de rien. Totalité du logement. En cas de problèmes ou demande particulières vous pouvez toujours me contacter, je pourrais vous donner de bonne adresses. Quartier Montorgueil très animé, l'appartement et situé entre la rue Montmartre et Montorgueil, a 7 minutes du quartier des halles et 10 min a pied du musée du Louvre. Métro direct 3 stations des galeries Lafayette. Quartier sécurisé, touristique situé au centre de la ville et très facile d'accès. A 15-20 minutes du quartier Saint-Germain des Prés et de la cathédrale de Notre Dame. Egalement à quelque minutes à pied du quartier
29213	This duplex apartment with balcony is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Paris and in the center of the triangle of Les Halles-Montorgueil-Marais. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils, a small balcony with one table and 2 chairs. Bathroom with shower and WC. First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed.  This flat is on the 4th french floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micro-wave, toaster, cooking utensils, Italian coffee machine, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, electric heating. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste. 	This duplex apartment with balcony is very well situated, quiet and cozy. It can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Paris and in the center of the triangle of Les Halles-Montorgueil-Marais. This duplex apartment with balcony is very well situated, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated. It is in the heart of Paris and in the center of the triangle of Les Halles-Montorgueil-Marais. The apartment is structured as follows: Ground floor inside the apartment:   --- Living room with a double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with chairs.  --- Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils, a small balcony with one table and 2 chairs. Bathroom with shower and WC. First floor of the apartment:   --- Bedroom with double bed.  This flat is on the 4th french floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micro-wave, toaster, cooking utensi
29214	It's located very close to the famous Place de l'Opéra, facing the Café de la Paix. Its small balcony, in typical Parisian style, overlooks the Opéra roof and the Boulevard des Capucines.  This is a budget studio apartment for an excellent rate! It's also perfect for a couple discovering Paris during a romantic weekend or a extended holiday. 	Here is a charming tinny studio apartment of 16 square meters, situated on the 6th floor with lift to the 5th.  Its small balcony is overlooking the famous Opéra rooftop. The perfect place and placement in Paris! It's located very close to the famous Place de l'Opéra, facing the Café de la Paix. Its small balcony, in typical Parisian style, overlooks the Opéra roof and the Boulevard des Capucines.  This is a budget studio apartment for an excellent rate! It's also perfect for a couple discovering Paris during a romantic weekend or a extended holiday. The building is well secured. The first door is closed during the night. The second door is always closed and has a pincode.  The apartment has a little kitchen area with all utilities you need to prepare a nice breakfast, lunch or dinner.  From all angles it is possible to watch any of the 200 (international) channels available.  There are 2 single beds which can be put together so they form one big double bed. Very practical indeed!  The
29215	beautiful apartment in the center of Paris, bright and quiet, close to all amenities on the third floor without lift in a typical building in Paris. A large living room with sofa bed for two people A large kitchen with all equipment (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave) One bedroom with double bed A bathroom with a shower Plenty of storage available. Newly redecorated with good quality materials. In this apartment, which is our own apartment, you will feel like real Parisians!	beautiful apartment in the center of Paris, bright and quiet, close to all amenities on the third floor without lift in a typical building in Paris. beautiful apartment in the center of Paris, bright and quiet, close to all amenities on the third floor without lift in a typical building in Paris. A large living room with sofa bed for two people A large kitchen with all equipment (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave) One bedroom with double bed A bathroom with a shower Plenty of storage available. Newly redecorated with good quality materials. In this apartment, which is our own apartment, you will feel like real Parisians!
29216	"Charmant 2 pièces dans le quartier piétonnier Montorgueil, rue Saint Sauveur. Situé au dernier étage, il est très calme, lumineux, et offre une vue sur les toits de Paris dans les 4 directions avec 7 fenêtres! C'est un appartement de musicien, idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule, mais qui peut en plus d'une chambre séparée avec un lit 2 places, accueillir une troisième personne dans le ""lit bateau"" du salon.  La cuisine est aussi séparée, permet de cuisiner au gaz (Gaggenau pour les connaisseurs!), et en plus du grille-pain, toute la vaisselle est à disposition. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et une machine à laver le linge, et les wc sont séparés. Internet illimité, piano numérique... Le quartier Montorgeuil est situé entre les Halles, le centre Beaubourg, Marais et l'Opéra Garnier. Les transport en commun (métro et RER) sont nombreux, à moins de 5mn à pied. Il y a dans ce quartier des bar sympas, des galeries d'art, de quoi assouvir toutes vos envies de shopping! La r"	"Charmant 2 pièces dans le quartier piétonnier Montorgueil, rue Saint Sauveur. Situé au dernier étage, il est très calme, lumineux, et offre une vue sur les toits de Paris dans les 4 directions avec 7 fenêtres! C'est un appartement de musicien, idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule, mais qui peut en plus d'une chambre séparée avec un lit 2 places, accueillir une troisième personne dans le ""lit bateau"" du salon.  La cuisine est aussi séparée, permet de cuisiner au gaz (Gaggenau pour les connaisseurs!), et en plus du grille-pain, toute la vaisselle est à disposition. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et une machine à laver le linge, et les wc sont (website hidden), internet illimilté, imprimante/scanner, piano numérique... Le quartier Montorgeuil est situé entre les Halles, le centre Beaubourg, Marais et l'Opéra Garnier. Les transport en commun (métro et RER) sont nombreux, à moins de 5mn à pied. Il y a dans ce quartier des bar sympas, des galeries d'art, de quoi assouvir toute"
29217	Le studio est situé dans une charmante rue piétonne, la rue Tiquetonne, dans le quartier Montorgueil. C'est un quartier animé qui comporte le marché Montorgueil et un grand choix de restaurants et de cafés. Il est porche de nombreux points touristiques parisiens d'intérêt , le Centre Georges Pompidou ( Beaubourg) , la Seine, le Louvre et Hôtel de ville, la Seine sont à une courte distance de marche. Le studio de 25 mètres carrés est situé au troisième étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur du 17ème siècle . La porte d'entrée dispose d'un interphone . Il est meublé de manière simple et chaleureuse et fonctionnelle, personnalisé d'objets chinés et de meubles sur mesure. Le studio est en forme de L, qui lui permet d'avoir trois zones différentes :  Un coin salon disposant d'une fenêtre à l'exposition orientale donnant sur la rue,  équipé d'un canapé -lit double , d'une une télévision à écran plat, un lecteur DVD et d'une chaîne stéréo.  Un coin salle à manger dispose d'une fenêtre à l'exposit	Studio très agréable, fonctionnel, lumineux, aménagé avec un goût personnel et quelques éléments d'un style années 50. Immeuble du 17ème siècle bien entretenu. Il est situé dans le quartier typiquement parisien et vivant de Montorgueil, zone piétonne, commerces, restaurants à proximité.  Il est au coeur du 2ème arrondissement de Paris, très central: on accède à pied au Louvre, à Beaubourg, aux quartiers du Marais ou à la Seine. Le studio est situé dans une charmante rue piétonne, la rue Tiquetonne, dans le quartier Montorgueil. C'est un quartier animé qui comporte le marché Montorgueil et un grand choix de restaurants et de cafés. Il est porche de nombreux points touristiques parisiens d'intérêt , le Centre Georges Pompidou ( Beaubourg) , la Seine, le Louvre et Hôtel de ville, la Seine sont à une courte distance de marche. Le studio de 25 mètres carrés est situé au troisième étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur du 17ème siècle . La porte d'entrée dispose d'un interphone . Il est meublé d
29218	"This is a lovely appartment in a very central part of the city. It's extremely sunny (even too sunny for some people so I leave eyemasks just in case). It is designed like an en-suite hotel room, the bathroom and toilets being separate. Small yet convenient kitchen. You will really feel like you're staying at home and not in a perfectly impersonal flat. Fifth floor and lively view. Old Parisian theatre just across - in fact the only direct view into the appartment. And a lovely balcony to enjoy an ""apero"" in the evening. One large bed for two people in the bedroom and one sofa bed (not convertible but it unfolds itself to fit one-two people). A bit firm but still just fine for a week."	"Stay in the heart of Paris, 3 mns away from the Opera, 7 mns far from the Palais Royal and 10 mns away from the Louvre. A couple or three friends? Call this place home! You'll love waking up sitting in the sun on your balcony. This is a lovely appartment in a very central part of the city. It's extremely sunny (even too sunny for some people so I leave eyemasks just in case). It is designed like an en-suite hotel room, the bathroom and toilets being separate. Small yet convenient kitchen. You will really feel like you're staying at home and not in a perfectly impersonal flat. Fifth floor and lively view. Old Parisian theatre just across - in fact the only direct view into the appartment. And a lovely balcony to enjoy an ""apero"" in the evening. One large bed for two people in the bedroom and one sofa bed (not convertible but it unfolds itself to fit one-two people). A bit firm but still just fine for a week. Guests will have access to all the amenities of the apartment (washer-dryer, ir"
29219		"Magnifique studio romantique entièrement refait par un architecte au centre du quartier historique de Paris, le très recherché ""quartier Montorgueil"" dans le 2ème arrondissement. A 10 minutes à pieds du Louvre - Beaubourg - Les Halles - Rivoli ...  Le studio de 15 m² est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Il y a un vrai lit 2 places (140 cm de largeur X 190 cm de longueur). Couette, oreillers, draps et taies d'oreiller sont fournis. Salle de bains avec douche à l'italienne, vasque et toilettes. Les serviettes de toilette sont fournies. La cuisine est équipée de  2 plaques à induction - réfrigérateur avec bac congélation - four et micro-ondes combiné - plus de nombreux accessoires. Le check in/out est souple en fonction des disponibilités mais il est d'usage de prévoir une arrivée l'après-midi et un départ en matinée. Emplacement: rue Saint Sauveur Métro : Sentier / Réaumur-Sébastopol / Etienne Marcel RER : Châtelet Les Halles Bus: 74, 29, 48, etc... (de nombreux autobus circulent dans"
29220		Situé dans un quartier central et animé de la ville, dans une rue piétonne. Proximité de stations métro. A deux pas de la rue Montorgeuil. Double vitrage.
29221	It's spacious, warm, clear and VERY QUIET...just in the middle of Paris. High ceilings, ancient parquet floor, a lot of Character and original distribution...a night part and a day part ! a street side, and a terrace side...just above a Theater ...funny ! The wall thickness is sometime more than 1 meter !! There are 2 bathrooms, separate WC. Everything for cooking ! Nespresso for coffee...Dishwasher! TV, international channels, WIFI etc... Extrabed or baby bed possible. Kids games and books. Trolley for little kids.	"5/6 Rooms, 110m2, warm,cosy,  big living, dining room, hall with computer corner (Imac), kitchen well équiped,3 BR, 2 Bathroom (shower + bathtub), WC japonese! HEART OF PARIS - M° OPERA Washing machine, Nespresso. Baby bed OK It's spacious, warm, clear and VERY QUIET...just in the middle of Paris. High ceilings, ancient parquet floor, a lot of Character and original distribution...a night part and a day part ! a street side, and a terrace side...just above a Theater ...funny ! The wall thickness is sometime more than 1 meter !! There are 2 bathrooms, separate WC. Everything for cooking ! Nespresso for coffee...Dishwasher! TV, international channels, WIFI etc... Extrabed or baby bed possible. Kids games and books. Trolley for little kids. everything except some dressings of course ... LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION !!! You can go almost every where...just WALKING !!! Lafayette galeries, le Louvre, Seine River and its ""bateaux mouche"" or barges, Tuileries garden, Vendôme Place, Madeleine p"
29222		Very nice studio that has been completely re-done with all necessary utilities; fast wifi. 10 minutes walking from the Pompidou Center and the Louvre, 15 minutes from the Notre Dame Cathedral. And there are 4 metro Lines very close by (3,4,8 and 9).
29223	This charming and very well located 139 square meters, 3 bedroom, apartment is located in a 17th century building and it sleeps up to 5 people comfortably. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable TV, high speed wifi. The apartment has a very large living room with a TV area and a dining area that leads to the kitchen. There are 3 bedrooms.  One parents bedroom with a double bed and three single beds. The parent bedroom has an en-suite bathroom. The second and third bedroom also have en-suite bathroom. Getting here is very easy from the two airports by underground.  The RER stops at the station Auber that is 5 minutes away.  It is about 15 minutes from Gare du Nord (Eurostar) by metro or taxi depending on traffic. I am always on my phone if ever you have a question or need a recommendation.  Either me or my assistant will always be there to assist you. The area is the best to discover and enjoy Paris! It is very central with easy access to everywhere. It is on	In one of the most beautiful place in the heart of the chic 2th arrondissement, elegant apartment with an elevator concierge 24h/24 if you need. This charming and very well located 139 square meters, 3 bedroom, apartment is located in a 17th century building and it sleeps up to 5 people comfortably. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable TV, high speed wifi. The apartment has a very large living room with a TV area and a dining area that leads to the kitchen. There are 3 bedrooms.  One parents bedroom with a double bed and three single beds. The parent bedroom has an en-suite bathroom. The second and third bedroom also have en-suite bathroom. Getting here is very easy from the two airports by underground.  The RER stops at the station Auber that is 5 minutes away.  It is about 15 minutes from Gare du Nord (Eurostar) by metro or taxi depending on traffic. I am always on my phone if ever you have a question or need a recommendation.  Either me or my assistant 
29224	1st floor  in the pedestrian street rue Tiquetonne, near Rue Montorgueil, all accessible: Restaurants, Bakeries, butcher shops, fish markets, grocery stores, library, and lots of shops and services	We really enjoyed our stay at Fantin's apartment. The apartment had everything we needed and a beautiful window that opened up to a beautiful view of Rue Tiquetonne. A quick walk to Rue Montorgueil brought us to several patisseries, and cafés. 1st floor  in the pedestrian street rue Tiquetonne, near Rue Montorgueil, all accessible: Restaurants, Bakeries, butcher shops, fish markets, grocery stores, library, and lots of shops and services Wifi - induction hob and kitchen utensils needed - fridge - toilet - shower - very comfortable sofa bed - Multiple storage available for the check-in and check-out, i make a presentation of the studio and i leave. I live elsewhere when i rent Central location - very focused on fashion industry, 10 minutes walk from the Marais, 15 minutes walk from the Louvre Different Subway are closed in order of distance 1- Etienne Marcel  l.4 (3mn walk) 2- Sentier              l.3  (3mn walk) 3- rambuteau        l.11(5 mn walk)
29225	A feel good apartments: MAIN APARTMENT - the larger of the two - it is 330 ft2 with a bedroom, separate living room, and an open style kitchen. The bedroom has a double size bed The sofa sleeper in the living room offers a queen size bed The kitchen has a dining room table  A full bathroom with shower/sink and WC - accessed via the living room THE SEPARATE BEDROOM APARTMENT - small in size (100 ft2) offering a sofa sleeper for two persons Bathroom has shower and a sink (but no WC)  A closet and large window The owners of this property have renovated this flat with much care high quality craftsmanship and all new furniture. The kitchen corner, not a full size kitchen but will meet most client's needs, has a under-counter refrigerator, a microwave/grill (not for cooking a complete dinner, but perfectly adequate for reheating prepared foods purchased on rue Montorgueil) a stove top, and there is a washer/dryer as well. There are plenty of plates and kitchen items/utensils available for up	Back on a very quiet courtyard, this apartment has 6 large windows. While it is not large at a combined total of 40 m2, it is very comfortable and provides enough space to sleep up to six adults. 2 rooms locaed in 2 apartments about 2 meters each one Guests can use all the 2 apartments We can comunicate in Inglish, Spanish and French. By Email, telephone, Watsapp, Viber and Airbnb This is a delightful area, just steps, only a one minute walk, from the famed Montorgueil Farmer’s Market Street where all the stalls and stores are lined up to offer either everything you could desire for a complete meal or just to stroll and absorb the sights and aromas of all the fresh produce and specialty items they offer. Metro: Chatelet Les halles, Sentier, Réaumur Sébastopole, Louvres (6 minutes walking). Buses RER A INTERNET INCLUDED IN THE APARTMENT BY WIFI.
29226	Amazing apartment in a typical Parisian building. The studio has a mezzanine as well as a wonderful sun terrace equipped with a table and two wrought iron chairs to enjoy breakfast or a glass of wine in the evening. The apartment has a kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. The apartment is located in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, a few minutes from the Opera Garnier and five minutes from the Royal Palace.  The famous Museum Le Louvre and the Vendome square is also nearby. The metro Station Quatre-Septembre allow you to visit all of Paris. This large studio is ideal for a family of 4 or a group of friends. The bed is a sofa bed with a comfortable mattress and another mattress on the mezzanine level. The apartment is located in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, a few minutes from the Opera Garnier and five minutes from the Royal Palace.  The famous Museum Le Louvre and the Vendome square is also nearby. The metro Station Quatre-Septembre allow you to visit all of Paris. Please n	i Amazing apartment in a typical Parisian building. The studio has a mezzanine as well as a wonderful sun terrace equipped with a table and two wrought iron chairs to enjoy breakfast or a glass of wine in the evening. The apartment has a kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. The apartment is located in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, a few minutes from the Opera Garnier and five minutes from the Royal Palace.  The famous Museum Le Louvre and the Vendome square is also nearby. The metro Station Quatre-Septembre allow you to visit all of Paris. This large studio is ideal for a family of 4 or a group of friends. The bed is a sofa bed with a comfortable mattress and another mattress on the mezzanine level. The apartment is located in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, a few minutes from the Opera Garnier and five minutes from the Royal Palace.  The famous Museum Le Louvre and the Vendome square is also nearby. The metro Station Quatre-Septembre allow you to visit all of Paris. Please
29227		Hello, Lovely fully furnished flat with everything you want in the center of Paris. It can accomodate 2 people. Perfect for couple who want to enjoy Paris BY WALK.  Message me for more details/photos/informations. Hope you'll enjoy your trip xoxo
29228	You will find a typical Parisian apartment, with beautiful floors and furniture, nice volumes on the 3rd floor of a building across, with a large living room, facing southwest. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, washing machine dryer. The wifi is free. Several channels are available on TV. A double bed 180 awaits you in the room. The bathroom has a walk-in shower	"A few steps from the Opera"" ...  This lovely apartment on the 3rd floor of a well maintained building with lift, with an area of 48 m², 1 bedroom, fully equipped with modern furnishings is located 200 meters from the Opera House, 350 meters from the You will find a typical Parisian apartment, with beautiful floors and furniture, nice volumes on the 3rd floor of a building across, with a large living room, facing southwest. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, washing machine dryer. The wifi is free. Several channels are available on TV. A double bed 180 awaits you in the room. The bathroom has a walk-in shower Opera, Vendome, Palais Royal is the center of Paris. The district shares the department store Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, restaurants, luxury shops and museums. Metro: Palais Royal, Opera, Quatre-Septembre Pyramids  RoissyBus direct dial CDG (10 € 50)  Bus line 95"
29229	Hidden in total calm between the Place Vendome and Rue de la Paix, the apartment can be found in a historical district very central in the heart of Paris. The flat is 36m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 36 square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. Hidden in total calm between the Place Vendome and Rue de la Paix, the apartment can be found in a historical district very central in the heart of Paris. The flat is 36m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost appr
29230	"This cozy and calm studio is situated at the sixth (and last) French floor of a typical Parisian building (elevator until the 4th floor). From the window it is possible to enjoy a great view on the lively pedestrian rue Montmartre. From its central position it is possible to reach by walking a number of interesting sights and, at the same time, to live in an authentical Parisian area. From the window it is possible to enjoy a great view on the lively pedestrian rue Montmartre. The next metro station is ""Sentier"", line 3. It is one stop from ""Châtelet les Halles"" from where you can take the train to join the airports. In the Sentier area you'll find plenty of restaurants, bars, nice cafés and shops. Everything you need to enjoy the parisian life. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. It will be a pleasure to inform or help you! Welcome in Paris! "	"This cozy and calm studio is situated at the sixth (and last) French floor of a typical Parisian building (elevator until the 4th floor). From the window it is possible to enjoy a great view on the lively pedestrian rue Montmartre. From its central position it is possible to reach by walking a number of interesting sights and, at the same time, to live in an authentical Parisian area. From the window it is possible to enjoy a great view on the lively pedestrian rue Montmartre. The next metro station is ""Sentier"", line 3. It is one stop from ""Châtelet les Halles"" from where you can take the train to join the airports. In the Sentier area you'll find plenty of restaurants, bars, nice cafés and shops. Everything you need to enjoy the parisian life. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. It will be a pleasure to inform or help you! Welcome in Paris! "
29231	53 m2 optimisés, permettent d’y vivre de manière extrêmement chaleureuse et confortable. Exposé sud et ouest donnant sur l’espace piétonnier et arboré de la rue Lescot, il est particulièrement dégagé et lumineux.  Ses équipements comme ses éclairages variables permettent de tamiser la lumière de jour comme de nuit au gré de son bon plaisir et de ses envies.  La cuisine à l’« américaine » est particulièrement fonctionnelle et équipée.  Elle dispose d’un espace « bar » et donne sur une salle à manger spacieuse et aérée.  Le salon dispose d’un canapé trois places et de deux fauteuils club.  Chaque chambre à son style : chêne et lambris d’époque (17ième siècle) pour l’une. Wengé, façon art primitif pour l’autre.  L’ensemble de l’appartement est décoré de manière très personnelle avec la « French Touch » que l’on attend de Paris mélange de tradition et de modernité.  Quelques œuvres originales l’ornent. L’objectif est que chacun s’y sente chez lui dans un luxe discret et inspiré. Internet H	Cet appartement de charme et de standing dispose d’une situation exceptionnelle au cœur du Paris actif entre Notre Dame, Beaubourg et le Louvre à deux pas du Marais.  53 m2 optimisés, permettent d’y vivre de manière extrêmement chaleureuse et confortable. Exposé sud et ouest donnant sur l’espace piétonnier et arboré de la rue Lescot, il est particulièrement dégagé et lumineux.  Ses équipements comme ses éclairages variables permettent de tamiser la lumière de jour comme de nuit au gré de son bon plaisir et de ses envies.  La cuisine à l’« américaine » est particulièrement fonctionnelle et équipée.  Elle dispose d’un espace « bar » et donne sur une salle à manger spacieuse et aérée.  Le salon dispose d’un canapé trois places et de deux fauteuils club.  Chaque chambre à son style : chêne et lambris d’époque (17ième siècle) pour l’une. Wengé, façon art primitif pour l’autre.  L’ensemble de l’appartement est décoré de manière très personnelle avec la « French Touch » que l’on attend de Par
29232	This is a cosy studio, which can host up to 2 guests. The living/sleeping room includes a sofa bed suitable for 2 people. The apartment is on the 2nd floor, accessible by an elevator.	Location, location, location! This compact studio is ideal for those wanting to be in the heart of Paris and be able to walk to all the sights. This is a cosy studio, which can host up to 2 guests. The living/sleeping room includes a sofa bed suitable for 2 people. The apartment is on the 2nd floor, accessible by an elevator. The studio is fully private, it is not a share. The bathroom as well as the kitchen are located inside the studio itself. The kitchen space is fully equipped for cooking: -fridge -cooking plates -microwave -oven -kettle -coffee machine -toaster Towels and bed linen are provided. Fast wifi is available. I remain available for guests during their stay if they have questions. The locations of this apartment is simply ideal for those wanting to discover Paris, shop and eat in the finest restaurants. The nearest supermarket is 4 minutes away, and you will also find a bakery nearby. Average walking distances: -Opera: 4 minutes -Galeries Lafayettes/Printemps: 6 minutes -
29233	"Hello,  My flat is a 25 square feet place. It's a little bit tiny, but well built.  5th floor, no elevator (good for legs ;-)) Living room & Kitchen (with few cooking things : small oven, plates, glasses, aromatic herbs, etc...)  Bathroom and toilets.  Bed is ""upstairs“ (120 cm : it's not a king size, but big enough for 2 persons...)  Washing machine (very simple to use)"	"Located in an attractive and lively neighborhood well served by public transportation and other amenities, my charming and functional appt will give you the opportunity to have a great time in Paris.  Welcome ! :-) Hello,  My flat is a 25 square feet place. It's a little bit tiny, but well built.  5th floor, no elevator (good for legs ;-)) Living room & Kitchen (with few cooking things : small oven, plates, glasses, aromatic herbs, etc...)  Bathroom and toilets.  Bed is ""upstairs“ (120 cm : it's not a king size, but big enough for 2 persons...)  Washing machine (very simple to use) You'll have access to the entire apartment. I'll still available for any information or advice about the apartment and the neighbourhood. Located in the Montorgueil area : center of the town, many food shops, cafés and restaurants around, 15 min walking from le Louvre, les Tuileries, Châtelet, Pompidou / Beaubourg, and very convenient with metro (lines 3, 4, 8 and 9) and Velib (stations are located at 200 me"
29234	 This is a 2 bedroom / 2 bath entirely furnished apartment, with an area of 70 square meters, located Greneta street in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. Just 2 steps from there you will find rue Montorgueil, well known for its cafes, restaurants, merchants ...  It includes 1 lounge / dining room, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 open kitchen.  It offers a spacious, comfortable living and can accommodate up to 4 people. 	"This property is really well conceived and neatly furnished.  It was recently renovated and looks very modern. Moreover, it is a lively area surrounded by numerous bars and restaurants. The apartment will suit perfectly for family travels.  This is a 2 bedroom / 2 bath entirely furnished apartment, with an area of 70 square meters, located Greneta street in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. Just 2 steps from there you will find rue Montorgueil, well known for its cafes, restaurants, merchants ...  It includes 1 lounge / dining room, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 open kitchen.  It offers a spacious, comfortable living and can accommodate up to 4 people.  It is served by the metro station ""Sentier"". If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint Lazare) Si vous devez arriver plus tôt ou partir "
29235	Mon appartement de 45 m² est idéalement placé dans un quartier vivant et proche de très nombreux sites touristiques à Paris. 4 lignes de métro sont à moins de 5 minutes à pied et la gare de RER Chatelêt Les Halles est à 10 minutes à pied ! La rue Montorgueil qui à une minute à pied propose tous les magasins et restaurants qui peuvent servir à des touristes visitant Paris.	Mon appartement de 45 m² est idéalement placé dans un quartier vivant et proche de très nombreux sites touristiques à Paris. 4 lignes de métro sont à moins de 5 minutes à pied et la gare de RER Chatelêt Les Halles est à 10 minutes à pied ! La rue Montorgueil qui à une minute à pied propose tous les magasins et restaurants qui peuvent servir à des touristes visitant Paris. Mes hôtes ont accès à tout mon appartement ! Je suis à la disposition de mes hôtes pour toute information utile ! Le quartier est très sympa avec beaucoup de restaurants et de terrasses. En plein centre de Paris, ce quartier est idéal pour visiter la ville. Le logement est accessible avec 4 lignes de métro et 2 RER. Il y a aussi un parking payant à moins de 300 mètres
29236	Quiet apartment, bright and airy in a shopping district with restaurants, bars, shops ... You will have a bedroom, a dining room and a kitchen available (oven, dishwasher, coffee, toaster, fridge, freezer). The room can be light in the morning or not, with a TV, DVD, radio ... To stay sportsman, he must climb the six floors, it allows you to run the memory and do not forget anything when doing the shopping! You are 5 minutes walk from metro Châtelet-les-Halles, Trail, Louvre Rivoli, the lines are 7, 4, 3, 1, RER A (Disneyland) and the RER B & D (Airports), roughly you can go anywhere quickly. Whether Beaubourg, the Louvre Museum, the Palais Royal, the Opera Garnier and go to Les Halles shopping center, it will only take ten minutes walk! At the bottom of the building is a Franco-Moroccan restaurant which is open every day except Sunday until 5am! (Convenient for eat, drink or buy cigarettes in case of failure!)	Quiet apartment, bright and airy in a shopping district with restaurants, bars, shops ... You will have a bedroom, a dining room and a kitchen available (oven, dishwasher, coffee, toaster, fridge, freezer). The room can be light in the morning or not, with a TV, DVD, radio ... To stay sportsman, he must climb the six floors, it allows you to run the memory and do not forget anything when doing the shopping! You are 5 minutes walk from metro Châtelet-les-Halles, Trail, Louvre Rivoli, the lines are 7, 4, 3, 1, RER A (Disneyland) and the RER B & D (Airports), roughly you can go anywhere quickly. Whether Beaubourg, the Louvre Museum, the Palais Royal, the Opera Garnier and go to Les Halles shopping center, it will only take ten minutes walk! At the bottom of the building is a Franco-Moroccan restaurant which is open every day except Sunday until 5am! (Convenient for eat, drink or buy cigarettes in case of failure!)
29237	The apartment is located on Rue Saint Denis, a diverse street that is increasingly attracting young people and tourists alike, thanks to its central location and the variety of commerce and surrounding restaurants.  Parallel to the famous Rue Montorgueil, almost on the corner with Rue Reaumur, the apartment is situated on the first floor of an old group of sewing workshops where some craftspeople still work until today.  The apartment itself is an old workshop, a narrow and long space of 40m2, which is unusual, quiet and charming.  The building common areas (entrance, hall and stairs) still have the old appearance. Having recently been renovated, it provides an elongated area with anti-noise windows which look onto the inside of the building, with a joint fully-equipped kitchen and living area.  With wooden floors throughout, the living area contains: a sofa that turns into a double bed, a large plasma TV, desk, and many books, CDs and DVDs which are available to use, a small dining ta	This economical apartment is perfect for a couple that wants to discover Paris or even a small family The apartment is located on Rue Saint Denis, a diverse street that is increasingly attracting young people and tourists alike, thanks to its central location and the variety of commerce and surrounding restaurants.  Parallel to the famous Rue Montorgueil, almost on the corner with Rue Reaumur, the apartment is situated on the first floor of an old group of sewing workshops where some craftspeople still work until today.  The apartment itself is an old workshop, a narrow and long space of 40m2, which is unusual, quiet and charming.  The building common areas (entrance, hall and stairs) still have the old appearance. Having recently been renovated, it provides an elongated area with anti-noise windows which look onto the inside of the building, with a joint fully-equipped kitchen and living area.  With wooden floors throughout, the living area contains: a sofa that turns into a double be
29238		An amazing well-equipped apartment in central Paris, district Montorgueil. Very nearby the museum Pompidou and the Louvre.
29239	Cet appartement entièrement équipé (lave-vaisselle, TV, wifi, baignoire, sèche-cheveux ..) est situé au cœur de Paris (Sentier/Montorgueil, proche des halles, grands boulevards, du Louvre). Il dispose d’un salon cosy, une cuisine américaine, une chambre avec lit double et d’une salle de bain. A deux pas de la rue Montorgueil c’est l’emplacement rêvé pour découvrir la capitale. Vous y trouverez de nombreux restaurants, boutiques, boulangeries, cafés etc.. Le linge de maison est fourni (draps, serviettes de toilettes..). L’appartement se situe dans un immeuble calme et familiale, il est important de respecter la tranquillité du voisinage. This completely equipped apartment (dishwasher, TV, Wi-Fi, bathtub, hairdryer) is located in the heart of Paris (Sentier / Montorgueil / Chatelet, very close to Les Halles (Mall), Grands Boulevards, and the Louvre Museum). This apartment offers you a cosy Lounge/Dining room, an American Style kitchen, a bedroom with a comfortable double bed and a bathro	Cet appartement entièrement équipé (lave-vaisselle, TV, wifi, baignoire, sèche-cheveux ..) est situé au cœur de Paris (Sentier/Montorgueil, proche des halles, grands boulevards, du Louvre). Il dispose d’un salon cosy, une cuisine américaine, une chambre avec lit double et d’une salle de bain. A deux pas de la rue Montorgueil c’est l’emplacement rêvé pour découvrir la capitale. Vous y trouverez de nombreux restaurants, boutiques, boulangeries, cafés etc.. Le linge de maison est fourni (draps, serviettes de toilettes..). L’appartement se situe dans un immeuble calme et familiale, il est important de respecter la tranquillité du voisinage. This completely equipped apartment (dishwasher, TV, Wi-Fi, bathtub, hairdryer) is located in the heart of Paris (Sentier / Montorgueil / Chatelet, very close to Les Halles (Mall), Grands Boulevards, and the Louvre Museum). This apartment offers you a cosy Lounge/Dining room, an American Style kitchen, a bedroom with a comfortable double bed and a bathro
29240		This is a truely luxury apartment of 83 sq. meters, with 2 bedrooms, 2 marble bathrooms, in an early 19th century building, a short walk to the Opera house, Rue de la Paix and Palais Royal and Louvre area, so right in the center of Paris.
29241	Lovely Apartment in Paris Center - Close to best Restaurant, theatre, shopping, Louvre, Grands Boulevards and all the Paris historic center.	A nice apartment in Paris Center - Kitchen, towels, sheets are provided -  Lovely Apartment in Paris Center - Close to best Restaurant, theatre, shopping, Louvre, Grands Boulevards and all the Paris historic center. Guests have full access to the apartment, the closets, the kitchen, the refrigerator, television and Wifi. Please note that the washing machine no longer works now. Paris Center - Close to Museums, Theatre, Best Restaurant, walking area, Louvre... Metro ligne 3
29242	"A spacious duplex near the Louvre for six people with two bedrooms and a large living room. Individuals 6 beds. First floor: living room with open kitchen, shower room, a room with window on the street, a room with window at the back. Ground floor: the entrance with a private stair case. An exceptional location near the Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens, the Place des Victoires, the stock market or Opera. A lot of restaurants, bars, fashion boutiques ... Towels, linen,Internet, TV. Not for children less 10 years old. Less than 2 minutes by foot: real backery and butchery rue Rameau, for the breakfast ""Rutabaga"" with fresh croissant, orange juice and ham rue des Petits Champs, in jardins du Palais Royal the famous Grand Vefour -2 stars restaurant on Michelin guide- less expensive ""le Grand Colbert"" rue Vivienne a typical french brasserie.From april to october le square Louvois or les jardins du Palais Royal grass are ready for your first historical sunbathe.  For Madame, so many trendy f"	"Palais Royal, near Le Louvre a renovated duplex for 6 in an old building of the 18th century.The flat has been completly renovated and restructured in 2014 november.Don't follow the former reviews as a matter. A spacious duplex near the Louvre for six people with two bedrooms and a large living room. Individuals 6 beds. First floor: living room with open kitchen, shower room, a room with window on the street, a room with window at the back. Ground floor: the entrance with a private stair case. An exceptional location near the Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens, the Place des Victoires, the stock market or Opera. A lot of restaurants, bars, fashion boutiques ... Towels, linen,Internet, TV. Not for children less 10 years old. Less than 2 minutes by foot: real backery and butchery rue Rameau, for the breakfast ""Rutabaga"" with fresh croissant, orange juice and ham rue des Petits Champs, in jardins du Palais Royal the famous Grand Vefour -2 stars restaurant on Michelin guide- less expensive """
29243	L'appartement est lumineux, avec de grandes baies vitrées. J'ai cherché à optimisé l'espace au maximum pour en faire un vrai cocon.	   Charming flat with clearance in the center of Paris. Pedestrian neighborhood, with bars, restaurants, with trendy and vintage shops, close to many stores, and 5mn walking away from Beaubourg. Subway L3, L4, L11 The entire flat. The neighborhood is central and lively. I'm five minutes walking away from Beaubourg, around ten minutes walking away from the Marais, from the Louvre. I love these restaurants Rice&Fish and Twinkie Breakfasts just downstairs the apartment ! It takes around an hour to get to the flat from Charles-de-Gaulle airport. Take the RER B from Charles de Gaulle airport to Châtelet-les-Halles (9,75 euros) and then take the metro Line 4 direction porte de Clignancourt and STOP at Réaumur Sébastopol, you will be at less than 2 minutes walking. The apartment is not a hotel and pets are not allowed.
29244	My name is Jeremix, I am a french documentary film director, often out of town, offering you a charming artsy loft in the heart of the fun and trendy neighborhood of Sentier, in the center of Paris. I am right next to the Louvre museum and the amazing pedestrian market of Montorgueil ( it's an open air market open from 7 days a week), full of shops, cafés, restaurants, bars, clubs and metros ( 1min walk distance). My street is calm though, so you won't be bothered at night ! Musée du Louvre is just few minutes away on foot. It's wonderful at night. ( see the picture ) My loft is made up of a bedroom, livingroom, kitchen, bathroom and seperate toilets. I have lots of books, dvds, cable, tv, internet wireless ( WiFi ) and an fully equipped kitchen too. Lots of art and fun design deco ! By the way, the landline telephone is also included, and international phone calls to North America and all over Europe ( cell and home ) are free , always good to know if you need to call home ! Look at c	Very charming artsy loft in the heart of a fun and trendy neighborhood in the center of Paris, close to the Louvre museum and the amazing Montorgeuil street !  Very easy to get to from anywhere in Paris including airports and train stations !       My name is Jeremix, I am a french documentary film director, often out of town, offering you a charming artsy loft in the heart of the fun and trendy neighborhood of Sentier, in the center of Paris. I am right next to the Louvre museum and the amazing pedestrian market of Montorgueil ( it's an open air market open from 7 days a week), full of shops, cafés, restaurants, bars, clubs and metros ( 1min walk distance). My street is calm though, so you won't be bothered at night ! Musée du Louvre is just few minutes away on foot. It's wonderful at night. ( see the picture ) My loft is made up of a bedroom, livingroom, kitchen, bathroom and seperate toilets. I have lots of books, dvds, cable, tv, internet wireless ( WiFi ) and an fully equipped kit
29245		centre de paris à coté de l' Opéra, grands magasins, le Louvre. 1 pièce, couchage, placard, bureau, internet, TV 1 cuisine, toute équipée, plaques électrique, frigidaire, machine à laver, Nespresso, four 1 salle d'eau, wc, baignoire douche, vasque
29246	-SITUATION PRIVILÉGIÉE & EXCEPTIONNELLE -En plein cœur Paris  -Entre Métro Réaumur Sébastopol & Étienne Marcel (ligne 4) -Situé à 2 minute du Métro Réaumur Sébastopol,Étienne Marcel ligne 4 et Châtelet Les Halles, ligne de métr(phone number hidden) et RER (A,B,D)  - Loft de 90m2 design - Pour 6 personnes - Entrée, Salon équipé de 2 canapés convertibles,chambre, cuisine toute équipée,     salle de bain avec baignoire, WC. - Cet appartement est équipé d'une station radio Iphone. - Cuisine: 4 plaques à inductions, 1 évier, 1 réfrigérateur, 1 micro onde, 1 cafetière, 1 bouilloire, 1 grille pain. L'appartement est à proximité du quartier du Marais, de la Seine, du Louvre, du centre Beaubourg, de Notre Dame, des grands magasins et des galeries d'arts, le tout très accessible en transport en commun. -Autres informations : -Accès internet Wifi   -Table et fer à repasser  -Les draps, housses de couettes et couvertures, serviettes de bain  sont fournis  -Frais de nettoyage 45 euros  (cleaning fe	-SITUATION PRIVILÉGIÉE & EXCEPTIONNELLE -En plein cœur Paris  -Entre Métro Réaumur Sébastopol & Étienne Marcel (ligne 4) -Situé à 2 minute du Métro Réaumur Sébastopol,Étienne Marcel ligne 4 et Châtelet Les Halles, ligne de métr(phone number hidden) et RER (A,B,D)  - Loft de 90m2 design - Pour 6 personnes - Entrée, Salon équipé de 2 canapés convertibles,chambre, cuisine toute équipée,     salle de bain avec baignoire, WC. - Cet appartement est équipé d'une station radio Iphone. - Cuisine: 4 plaques à inductions, 1 évier, 1 réfrigérateur, 1 micro onde, 1 cafetière, 1 bouilloire, 1 grille pain. L'appartement est à proximité du quartier du Marais, de la Seine, du Louvre, du centre Beaubourg, de Notre Dame, des grands magasins et des galeries d'arts, le tout très accessible en transport en commun. -Autres informations : -Accès internet Wifi   -Table et fer à repasser  -Les draps, housses de couettes et couvertures, serviettes de bain  sont fournis  -Frais de nettoyage 45 euros  (cleaning fe
29247	Cet appartement (82m2) est accueillant et chaleureux car on y vit dedans, ce n'est pas une location de loueur professionnel et vous trouverez surement de petites imperfections mais je l'espère aussi de bonnes surprises... Il est donc libre uniquement pendant les vacances scolaires parisiennes. L'appartement est très lumineux par son étage élevé (5ème avec ascenseur) et son orientation plein sud. Il est calme, car entièrement sur cour.	Appartement familial très calme avec 2 chambres pour les enfants et 1 pour les parents avec un grand lit.  Un salon pour jouer du piano, écouter de la musique ou regarder la TV et une vraie cuisine dinatoire. A deux pas du Louvre et du Palais Royal. Cet appartement (82m2) est accueillant et chaleureux car on y vit dedans, ce n'est pas une location de loueur professionnel et vous trouverez surement de petites imperfections mais je l'espère aussi de bonnes surprises... Il est donc libre uniquement pendant les vacances scolaires parisiennes. L'appartement est très lumineux par son étage élevé (5ème avec ascenseur) et son orientation plein sud. Il est calme, car entièrement sur cour. Sentez-vous et faîtes comme chez vous, tout est à votre disposition : vous trouverez tous les produits de base nécessaires pour faire la cuisine et vous refaire une beauté, en échange merci de respecter les lieux et les voisins ! Aucune fête possible, ni rassemblement ! Je serai probablement pas très loin, si 
29248	1 kitchen  1 bathroom with a bath and toilets  1 bedroom with a double bed  1 living room with a table and 4 chaires, 1 TV, 1 double bed sofa  	    I propose a little cosy flat in the center of Paris, just behind the Grand Rex.  There is one bedroom with a double bed and one living room with a double bed also. Close to all shops, restaurants, theatres, cinemas, etc.        1 kitchen  1 bathroom with a bath and toilets  1 bedroom with a double bed  1 living room with a table and 4 chaires, 1 TV, 1 double bed sofa  You will enjoy the entire flat only for you and will have access to TV and Wifi. Available: oven, fridge, blender, toaster, juicer, kettle, hair dryer I will not be in the flat during your stay but I will always be available on the phone if you have any question A lot of restaurants, theatres, shops, cinemas, etc.  You are close to the Grand Rex, to the Halles, Opéra, Louvre, etc Subway stations:  - Bonne nouvelle: lines 8 and 9  - Strasbourg Saint Denis: lines 8, 9 and 4 - Sentier: line 3
29249	Bienvenue dans mon appartement typiquement parisien au cœur de Paris . Il se situe dans le quartier du Sentier très pré de la rue montorgueil et à quelques minutes des Halles proche Rue de Rivoli et l'opéra pour le shopping ou les Grands Boulevards pour son animation ( théâtres, le grand rex, pub ) .	A quelque minute du Louvre de l'opéra les halle et les Grands Boulevards, proche du quartier vibrant de montorgueil, cet appartement vous permettra de vivre le temps d'un week-end ou d'une semaine la vie parisienne authentique. Bienvenue dans mon appartement typiquement parisien au cœur de Paris . Il se situe dans le quartier du Sentier très pré de la rue montorgueil et à quelques minutes des Halles proche Rue de Rivoli et l'opéra pour le shopping ou les Grands Boulevards pour son animation ( théâtres, le grand rex, pub ) . L'appartement est équipé de plaque de cuisson d'une hotte d'un micro-onde, réfrigérateur, machine à café Nespresso,couverts et ustensiles de cuisine, serviettes, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser, drap, couvertures, lave linge, internet, dvd, enceinte Bluetooth.. Si vous avez besoin n'hésitez surtout pas. Proche des métros Réaumur-sébastopol, Sentier, Strasbourg-saint-denis , et Bonne Nouvelle ( Metro 3,4,8,9).(3/5 min) RER A, B, D châtelet Les Halles .(10 min)
29250	Your home´s ceiling beams, open floor area, and pristine ambience, punctuated by bright splashes of color, together create a warm and relaxed atmosphere – exactly what you're looking for during your stay in the French capital!  Your comfortable lounge area includes a small dining table, a very comfortable sofa (for 2 people) and opens into the kitchen, while your cozy room with king size bed has a large closet and modern chairs which are perfect for relaxing with a good book.  Bathroom with bathtub and WC. The area Montorgueil where the appartient is located has several restaurants. Subway is less than 100 meters and you can walk until le Louvre museum or Beaubourg. Alexandre, the butler, will help you for anything you want, his office is one block far away from the appartment.  At least, you'll love the appartment, on the second floor on court, very quite. Cable TV, Wireless speed connection, everything is done to facilitate your trip: enjoy it it's for you. 2nd floor	Your home´s ceiling beams, open floor area, and pristine ambience, punctuated by bright splashes of color, together create a warm and relaxed atmosphere – exactly what you're looking for during your stay in the French capital!  Your comfortable lounge area includes a small dining table, a very comfortable sofa (for 2 people) and opens into the kitchen, while your cozy room with king size bed has a large closet and modern chairs which are perfect for relaxing with a good book.  Bathroom with bathtub and WC. The area Montorgueil where the appartient is located has several restaurants. Subway is less than 100 meters and you can walk until le Louvre museum or Beaubourg. Alexandre, the butler, will help you for anything you want, his office is one block far away from the appartment.  At least, you'll love the appartment, on the second floor on court, very quite. Cable TV, Wireless speed connection, everything is done to facilitate your trip: enjoy it it's for you. 2nd floor
29251	Le logement vient juste d'être refait à neuf, c'est la première fois que j'expérimente Airbnb, je vous demanderai juste d'en prendre soin ! :-)	Charming refurbished flat. Unique&Quality materials, FrenchDesigner&Artisanal work. Bright&Peaceful place to stay! Ideal district to visit Paris walking: Chatelet, Opera, GaleriesLafayette, Republique, Grand Boulevard,etc. Try it, You will love it! Le logement vient juste d'être refait à neuf, c'est la première fois que j'expérimente Airbnb, je vous demanderai juste d'en prendre soin ! :-) Accès à toutes les pièces Je me tiendrai à votre disposition si besoin d'info et je vous donnerai ma liste de bons plans afin de rendre votre séjour inoubliable! N'hésitez pas à me faire part de toute questions par mail avant la réservation si je peux vous aider ce sera avec plaisir ! Au coeur de Paris, entre Réaumur et la Porte de Saint Denis le passage Lemoine donne sur la Rue Saint Denis. Ancienne voie romaine c'est l'une des plus ancienne de Paris et la première rue à avoir été pavé !  Un quartier animé, pour une ambiance atypique ou cohabitent dans la bonne humeur les magasins de grossistes, les
29252	Appartement de 2 pièces d'une surface de 47m2 dans le 2ème arrondissement. Il est au 2e étage sans ascenseur sur cour intérieure calme. La chambre contient un vrai lit 2 places confortable dans la chambre.  Les voyageurs auront l'accès gratuit à Internet. La cuisine contient un four, un micro-ondes, des plaques de cuisson, un réfrigérateur, un lave-vaisselle, batterie de cuisine, vaisselle, verres et couverts, ainsi qu'une machine Nespresso avec capsules.  La salle de bain est équipée de serviettes, sèche-cheveux.	Appartement de 2 pièces, calme et cosy, idéalement situé dans le quartier des Grands Boulevards ou du quartier Montorgueil. Appartement de 2 pièces d'une surface de 47m2 dans le 2ème arrondissement. Il est au 2e étage sans ascenseur sur cour intérieure calme. La chambre contient un vrai lit 2 places confortable dans la chambre.  Les voyageurs auront l'accès gratuit à Internet. La cuisine contient un four, un micro-ondes, des plaques de cuisson, un réfrigérateur, un lave-vaisselle, batterie de cuisine, vaisselle, verres et couverts, ainsi qu'une machine Nespresso avec capsules.  La salle de bain est équipée de serviettes, sèche-cheveux. L'appartement se situe entre le quartier des Grands boulevards et le quartier Montorgueil. Tout peut se faire à pieds! Les Halles : 12 minutes Opéra : 18 minutes Galeries Lafayette : 17 minutes Musée du Louvre : 20 minutes Centre Georges Pompidou : 19 min Métro 3 Sentier (St Lazare, Opéra, République)  Métro 8 Bonne Nouvelle (Bastille, République, Opéra,
29253	Appartement coquet et confortable dans immeuble ancien, très bon état, 6eme étage sans ascenseur, 34 mètres carrés, comportant : une salle de bain (cabine de douche, lavabo, sèche serviettes), des WC, une chambre avec lit pour deux personnes, un salon avec un canapé-lit pour deux personnes (matelas de qualité en 140), avec un coin cuisine entièrement équipé: matériel électroménager, micro-ondes, bouilloire, réfrigérateur, etc. Vous avez acces internet wi-fi illimité.  L'appartement (qui comporte 3 fenêtres) donne sur une grande cour intérieure donc très lumineux et garantit un grand calme. On trouve, à proximité immédiate, de nombreux commerces et restaurants.	'  Cómodo apartamento en edificio antiguo, muy buen estado, sexto piso, 34 metros cuadrados  \ N \ n  Apartamento bonito y cómodo en el antiguo edificio, muy buen estado, sexto piso sin ascensor, 34 metros cuadrados, que comprende: un cuarto de baño (ducha, lavabo, secador de toallas), aseo, dormitorio con cama doble, Salón con un sofá-cama para dos personas (colchones de calidad en 140), con una cocina totalmente equipada: aparatos eléctricos, microondas, cafetera, nevera, etc. \ n  Usted tiene acceso ilimitado a internet wi-fi.  \ N \ n  L \ 'apartamento (que incluye 3 ventanas) con vistas a un gran patio muy luminoso y garantiza una gran calma. Nos encontramos, en las inmediaciones, numerosas tiendas y restaurantes.  \ N \ n  L \ 'apartamento está situado en el distrito de Montorgueil (central) unos 10 minutos o 15 minutos a pie del Sena, el Centro Pompidou (Beaubourg), el Museo del Louvre, cines, Halles. Dos estaciones cercanas de metro (Sentier 2 minutos, 2 minutos Reaumeur-sebast
29254	Our apartment is on the second floor of an 18th century building in the very central 2nd arrondissement of Paris. There are a large lounge with a dining area and an open kitchen, one very quiet bedroom, a lounge dedicated to TV or reading with a convertible sofa, a bathroom and separated toilets. The apartment is spatious (85 m² / 915 ft²) with a nice clearance. It was entirely renovated and redesigned when we bought it a few years ago. It combines the structure of an old Parisian apartment and a contemporary interior design. The kitchen has all necessary appliances and contains a washing machine. The building is very quiet, especialy on evenings and week-ends.	"Quiet and beautiful one-bedroom apartment in Central Paris (Sentier-Montorgueil) Our apartment is on the second floor of an 18th century building in the very central 2nd arrondissement of Paris. There are a large lounge with a dining area and an open kitchen, one very quiet bedroom, a lounge dedicated to TV or reading with a convertible sofa, a bathroom and separated toilets. The apartment is spatious (85 m² / 915 ft²) with a nice clearance. It was entirely renovated and redesigned when we bought it a few years ago. It combines the structure of an old Parisian apartment and a contemporary interior design. The kitchen has all necessary appliances and contains a washing machine. The building is very quiet, especialy on evenings and week-ends. The apartment is nicely located in the very heart of Paris, in the 2nd arrondissement between the trendy pedestrian Rue Montorgueil and Boulevard Bonne Nouvelle. The neighbourhood (""Sentier"") has substantially changed during the past few years and h"
29255	La Comédie, situated on the Place of the Opera Comique is an atypical Parisian address of 98 square meters composed of 3 separate connecting rooms. It has been completely renovated in 2012. La Comédie can accommodate two to four guests. The double living room, the spacious bedroom, large convivial kitchen & bathroom plus the high ceilings & sunlit rooms, all make la Comédie rather apealing, even if I say so myself. La Comédie is situated in a little backwater at the heart of central Paris. The Opera, Galleries Lafayette, the Bourse are all a frogs leap away. The Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens & Willi's Wine Bar are just minutes on foot as are numerous bars and restaurants, the Marché Montorgeuil (10-minute walk) and the Marais (15-to-20 minute walk). There is easy access to the metro (Richlieu Drouot, 4 Septembre, Bourse, Peltier & Pyramides), buses and even Vélib stations. Located on the 3re floor, accessible via a grand staircase, in a listed Haussmanian building, with herringbone-	La Comédie is situated on a beautiful square at the heart of central Paris. The Opera, Galleries Lafayette & the Bourse are just a heart beat away. It is an atypical Parisian address of 98 sq M composed of 3 spacious, sunlit, connecting rooms. La Comédie, situated on the Place of the Opera Comique is an atypical Parisian address of 98 square meters composed of 3 separate connecting rooms. It has been completely renovated in 2012. La Comédie can accommodate two to four guests. The double living room, the spacious bedroom, large convivial kitchen & bathroom plus the high ceilings & sunlit rooms, all make la Comédie rather apealing, even if I say so myself. La Comédie is situated in a little backwater at the heart of central Paris. The Opera, Galleries Lafayette, the Bourse are all a frogs leap away. The Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens & Willi's Wine Bar are just minutes on foot as are numerous bars and restaurants, the Marché Montorgeuil (10-minute walk) and the Marais (15-to-20 minute 
29256	Nice room in a comfortable 3 rooms apartment (60m ²) located in the district of La Bourse de Paris (2°). A nice 2 person bedroom in the middle of Paris. Located on the 3rd floor (elevator).  	Private bedroom which can welcome two people in a clean and cozy apartment. Close to major tourist attractions of Paris (Opéra, Bourse, Madelaine, Le Marais, Rivoli, Place Vendome ...). Nice room in a comfortable 3 rooms apartment (60m ²) located in the district of La Bourse de Paris (2°). A nice 2 person bedroom in the middle of Paris. Located on the 3rd floor (elevator).  You will get an access to your private room and we will share the bathroom, the toilet, the living room and the kitchen. We provide: sheets, towels, soap, shampoo, hair dryer. Feel free to use the piano, the TV & the WIFI. Fully equipped kitchen : oven, microwave, fridge, toaster, dishwasher, kettle, hot plates ... One of us (Léa or Candice) will stay in the flat during your stay. We'll be able to give you tips and advises to help you discover Paris. About arrival and départure times, we'll try to be as flexible as possible. If you want, we'll give you our advice to get out and explore Paris. And make your stay as p
29257		Spacious 60m² 1 bedroom apartment in the Montorgueil area of central Paris. 4th floor via lift. Well equipped with TV, WIFI, washer, dishwasher, oven, fridge/freezer etc, double bed, closets, sofa bed in the lounge. Very comfortable and convenient! Situated in the Montorgueil area of Paris, just on the border of the charming and historical Marais. In this part of Paris, you’ll find yourself around the corner from the wonderful foodie street of rue Montorgueil and within the up and coming wholesale textile district of Paris. Close to Centre Georges Pompidou, Châtelet, Notre Dame de Paris, Louvre Museum, Les Grands Boulevards, Opera Garnier and the major department stores. Le Marais is a 5 min walk away. Many cafés, restaurants and bars in the neigbourhood. Very central location,in a lively neighbourhood. Metro Sentier or Reaumur Sebastopol
29258	This 1 bedroom apartment can accommodate 4 people. Located rue Gaillon in Paris 2nd arrondissement. From the Place de l´Opera to Sentier district through the rue Montmartre, Place des Victoires and boulevard Poissonnière, this area as a special Parisian atmosphere. The little streets are full of life and many old and new little shops. It is the ideal district to find some good bargains and unique souvenirs to bring back with you. The main buildings are the old seats of the Exchange: the Palais Brongniart from the architect Theodore Alexandre Brongniart, the National Library, the Opera Comique - place Boieldieu, the Basilique Notre-Dame-des-Victoires. Side museums, you can visit the theatre-museum Capucines Fragonard, the history of perfume is exposed. It is in this former theatre that happened Arletty. For a drink in a quiet place, far from the bustle of major boulevards, we recommend a cafe with terrace in the Square Edouard VII, a true haven of peace.  We propose you several furnishe	This 50 square meters 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Gaillon in the 2nd district of Paris just next to Opera Garnier and not so far from Grevin Museum. This 1 bedroom apartment can accommodate 4 people. Located rue Gaillon in Paris 2nd arrondissement. From the Place de l´Opera to Sentier district through the rue Montmartre, Place des Victoires and boulevard Poissonnière, this area as a special Parisian atmosphere. The little streets are full of life and many old and new little shops. It is the ideal district to find some good bargains and unique souvenirs to bring back with you. The main buildings are the old seats of the Exchange: the Palais Brongniart from the architect Theodore Alexandre Brongniart, the National Library, the Opera Comique - place Boieldieu, the Basilique Notre-Dame-des-Victoires. Side museums, you can visit the theatre-museum Capucines Fragonard, the history of perfume is exposed. It is in this former theatre that happened Arletty. For a drink in a quiet plac
29259	This is a 45 sq meters flat with a cosy room with a double bed and a comfortable convertible double bed (futon) in the living room for 2 other guest which make it nice either for 2 couple or 4 friends. Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort.  I have a variety of English, French and Italian books and magazines to make you feel at home and some maps to help you during your stay. 	The cosy 4-person flat is located in a central trendy neighborhood near Les Halles, close to restaurants, museum, or gardens (Canal Saint-Martin, Tuileries...). The flat is extremely quiet and well located for public transport, steps from M4, M8, M9 This is a 45 sq meters flat with a cosy room with a double bed and a comfortable convertible double bed (futon) in the living room for 2 other guest which make it nice either for 2 couple or 4 friends. Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort.  I have a variety of English, French and Italian books and magazines to make you feel at home and some maps to help you during your stay. There is a real fully equipped open-plan kitchen that you can use and the bathroom has a large shower. It is on the ground floor which will make it easier with your luggage... and to bring back all your souvenirs and shopping bags! I am a frequent Air BnB traveler and I have made several friends around the world… It is the first time I offer my flat
29260	Beautiful studio with excellent location in the very center of Paris. This spacious studio is located on rue d Aboukir in the 2nd district, just a few steps from the padestrian area around rue Montorgueil. Fully refurbished & redecorated. 3rd floor via stairs. Elevating queen bed, coffee table and sofa bed (1,20m). Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven/micro-wave, vitro cook-top, fan and refridgerator. Two large windows facing the quite courtyard. The coffee table is adjustable and can be used as a dinner table for up to 6 people. Washer/dryer in the bathroom. All bed linen and towels. Minimum 3 nights. Cleaning at departure by the guests. Long term lease possible.	Beautiful studio with excellent location in the very center of Paris. This spacious studio is located on rue d Aboukir in the 2nd district, just a few steps from the padestrian area around rue Montorgueil. Fully refurbished & redecorated. 3rd floor via stairs. Elevating queen bed, coffee table and sofa bed (1,20m). Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, oven/micro-wave, vitro cook-top, fan and refridgerator. Two large windows facing the quite courtyard. The coffee table is adjustable and can be used as a dinner table for up to 6 people. Washer/dryer in the bathroom. All bed linen and towels. Minimum 3 nights. Cleaning at departure by the guests. Long term lease possible.
29261	The Rayz Bar Suite is 42 square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar behind mirrors doors.	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 43square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The Rayz Bar Suite is 42 square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar behind mirrors doors. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Chevreuse, change at Châtelet-Les Halles station for the RER A line in the direction of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, alight at Auber station (or alternatively change at Châtelet-Les Halles for the Paris Métro and t
29262	Entièrement rénové, l’appartement de 50m2 est idéal pour accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Il se compose d’une chambre indépendante et d’une grande pièce de vie dotée d’un confortable canapé lit convertible. La cuisine, ouverte sur la pièce de vie, est tout équipée (plaque, four, lave-vaisselle, micro-onde…)  L'appartement est entièrement équipé (vaisselle, linge de toilette, draps, produits de base pour la cuisine et la toilette, sèche-cheveux, lessive, etc.). L’appartement se situe au 4eme étage sans ascenseur. 	Situé dans le centre de Paris (2ème arrondissement), entre les stations de métro Sentier et Bonne Nouvelle et à 2 minutes à pieds du quartier piéton de Montorgueil, l’appartement est idéal pour profiter de la capitale jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit + 1 canapé lit). Entièrement rénové, l’appartement de 50m2 est idéal pour accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Il se compose d’une chambre indépendante et d’une grande pièce de vie dotée d’un confortable canapé lit convertible. La cuisine, ouverte sur la pièce de vie, est tout équipée (plaque, four, lave-vaisselle, micro-onde…)  L'appartement est entièrement équipé (vaisselle, linge de toilette, draps, produits de base pour la cuisine et la toilette, sèche-cheveux, lessive, etc.). L’appartement se situe au 4eme étage sans ascenseur. Il y a de nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité de l'appartement, ainsi que des supermarchés (200m), pharmacies, banques, théâtres, cinémas, musées... On peut se rendre à pied dans le quartier de l'Opéra (10mn), du Mar
29263		Appartement agréable, vivant et calme, équipé, situé en plein coeur de PARIS, à 10-15 min du Louvre, du Marais, des Grands Magasins, du Centre Pompidou, quartier Montorgueil. Proche métros, et des grandes gares, nombreux commerces. 
29264	Cet appartement au 2ème étage comprend un salon de 22m2, une chambre de 15m2 ( lit double) , cuisine, salle de bain et WC séparés, gardien. This appartement located at 2nd floor with a 22m² living room, 1 bed room 15m² ( 2 persons) with queen size bed, separated kitchen, bathroom and toilet	Cet appartement au 2ème étage comprend un salon de 22m2, une chambre de 15m2 ( lit double) , cuisine, salle de bain et WC séparés, gardien. This appartement located at 2nd floor with a 22m² living room, 1 bed room 15m² ( 2 persons) with queen size bed, separated kitchen, bathroom and toilet TV box SFR / TV 100 channel  Internet wifi Chaine stereo / stereo system Machine à laver le linge / washing machine Machine à café nespresso / Nespresso machine Grand placard / large Closet SDB avec baignoire / Bathroom with bathtub Non présent pendant le séjour des locataires Endroit très calme, verdure du square au printemps et en été, au coeur de Paris: A pieds: by walk: Palais royal: 4 min (400m) Musée du Louvre: 9 min (600m) Opera Garnier: 9 min (600m) Metro ligne 3, 7, 14: station: 4 septembre / Pyramide / bourse à moins de 300m chacune Subway line 3,7,14 with following stations: 4 september, Pyramide and Bourse less then 300m. 
29265		Shared appartment - Heart of Paris. Nous vous accueillons, au cœur de Paris. Chambre indépendante. Salle de Bains partagée. Quartier très vivant : proche Grands Magasins, de l’Opéra Garnier, restaurants, pubs,théâtres, cinéma...
29266	"The APPARTMENT:  It's a typical XVIIIe siecle appartment with ""tomettes"" and ""parquet"" . a parisian way of life ! From certain windows you have a very romantic view on the famous Paris roofs.  The flat was designed by an architect. It is a charming 50m2 on  the 4th floor, with a open kitchen on the  living-room, a bedroom and a bureau, a bathing room with jacuzzi and shower too !  (no lift - rare heritage-listed building)  Decorated with care, I will try to always improve the cosiness to make your stay unforgettable!  Bed is High quality. In the  bedroom you have a king size bed - 160 cm, and a  confortable sofabed in the living-room for one person. A lot of storage, a wardrobe.  An Iron and an ironing board.  A washing machine and dryer. There’s a flat screen home theatre system in the lounge, High Wifi. free phone for usa , europe and others countries. A fully furnished kitchen where you can experiment french cooking as the district is famous for their delicatessen shops.  A paying c"	"Apartment is a large very brigh two rooms on the 4th floor of a historic 18th century building in the heart of Montorgueil-St Denis quarter. Cosy ambiance, historic and modern styles with   view to the roofs of Paris  The APPARTMENT:  It's a typical XVIIIe siecle appartment with ""tomettes"" and ""parquet"" . a parisian way of life ! From certain windows you have a very romantic view on the famous Paris roofs.  The flat was designed by an architect. It is a charming 50m2 on  the 4th floor, with a open kitchen on the  living-room, a bedroom and a bureau, a bathing room with jacuzzi and shower too !  (no lift - rare heritage-listed building)  Decorated with care, I will try to always improve the cosiness to make your stay unforgettable!  Bed is High quality. In the  bedroom you have a king size bed - 160 cm, and a  confortable sofabed in the living-room for one person. A lot of storage, a wardrobe.  An Iron and an ironing board.  A washing machine and dryer. There’s a flat screen home theatr"
29267		Great studio 20m2 in the center of Paris. Very well connected by several lines of metro and buses. You can go walking to main places in Paris as Centre Pompidou or Chatelet just in 15 minutes! (PHOTOS WILL BE UPDATED ASAP!:)) Metro Line 3 Sentier or Line 4 Reaumur-Sebastopol
29268		This is a large 75 sq. meters apartment near the Opera House, Palais Royal and Louvre area. It has 2 bedroom and one bathroom and its located in a late 18th century building, with high ceiling, parquet floor and marble fire place. 2nd floor with lift
29269		Very central location for this comfortable & quiet 1 bedroom apartment. Sofa bed in the lounge. Corner kitchen for simple meals, bathroom with tub/shower.
29270	Charming 2 rooms just steps from the Opera Garnier, consisting of a bedroom, a lounge, a kitchen and a small shower room. The apartment has an area of 30 m2 can comfortably accommodate two people (a third bed may be possible in the living room). The kitchen is equipped with everything needed (fridge, oven, microwave). The apartment has a Wifi internet access and is equipped with a television (more than 100 channels) and a DVD player. The accommodation is located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator, in a quiet street. The apartment is right in the heart of the Opera (the Palais Garnier is only 3 minutes walk). The place is full of restaurants and shops (department stores are within 10 minutes). Movie theaters are nearby. The location makes it an ideal stopover for visiting Paris. In the heart of the capital, the area is well served by public transport (metro Opéra lines 3, 8, 7, RER A Pyramids and line 14).	Charming 2 rooms just steps from the Opera Garnier, consisting of a bedroom, a lounge, a kitchen and a small shower room. The apartment has an area of 30 m2 can comfortably accommodate two people (a third bed may be possible in the living room). The kitchen is equipped with everything needed (fridge, oven, microwave). The apartment has a Wifi internet access and is equipped with a television (more than 100 channels) and a DVD player. The accommodation is located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator, in a quiet street. The apartment is right in the heart of the Opera (the Palais Garnier is only 3 minutes walk). The place is full of restaurants and shops (department stores are within 10 minutes). Movie theaters are nearby. The location makes it an ideal stopover for visiting Paris. In the heart of the capital, the area is well served by public transport (metro Opéra lines 3, 8, 7, RER A Pyramids and line 14).
29271		Appt 37m2 très lumineux, en plein cœur de Paris, rue st-Denis, Paris 2ème.   Cuisine équipée, 1Lit 2 personnes plus 1 couchage 1 personne sur le canapé. 5ème étage sans ascenseur, double exposition  sur cour et rue piétonne. Rideaux occultants.
29272	The flat is composed of three spaces: -a nice and sunny living room with a sofa bed for two persons and curtains if necessary -a bathroom with toilet and shower -a bedroom with a queen size bed	Bright and spacious apartment in the hearth of Paris.  Ideal for 2 or 4 people with a separate bedroom and a confortable sofa bed.  Coffee and tea are provided.    The flat is composed of three spaces: -a nice and sunny living room with a sofa bed for two persons and curtains if necessary -a bathroom with toilet and shower -a bedroom with a queen size bed You will enjoy the whole apartment. Coffee, tea and chocolate are included for your breakfast! Late check out is possible. Please ask me for the check-in. Usually you can check out whenever you want on Sunday Strasbourg Saint-Denis is a very lively district and close to many points of interest: -Place de la République  -Le Marais -Les Grands boulevards -L'Opera -Le Louvre -... Lines 4,8 & 9 are located 50 meters from the flat. Line 3 is less than 5 minutes walking.
29273		Come visit Paris and stay in the central, rue Montorgueil area, in the calm under the rooftops. A one bedroom appartment with roof top views, perfect for a week end away or a longer stay. All mod cons available.
29274	Atypique ,refait à neuf avec matériaux de qualité, alliant le bois et le zinc, appartement  traversant ,lumineux ,composé de deux pièces spacieuses et bien séparées : un living-room avec canapé convertible(140) CINNA ,très confortable , et coin salle à manger , une  grande chambre avec lit de 140, petite cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée ,( lave-linge/sèche-linge , lave-vaisselle, four , micro-ondes ,hotte aspirante , machines/café , machine/ expresso grille-pain ) salle de bains avec WC , chauffage électrique ,réseau fibre optique/internet,code d'accès  et porte blindée .5 fenêtres double vitrage , vue / toits	Appartement de charme 40m2, traversant , lumineux, au dernier étage sans ascenseur . Calme absolu, situé dans l'hyper centre , entre Montorgueil (restaurants, boutiques )  et Grands Boulevards (théâtres) Opéra,Beaubourg Halles, Louvre, Palais Royal . Atypique ,refait à neuf avec matériaux de qualité, alliant le bois et le zinc, appartement  traversant ,lumineux ,composé de deux pièces spacieuses et bien séparées : un living-room avec canapé convertible(140) CINNA ,très confortable , et coin salle à manger , une  grande chambre avec lit de 140, petite cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée ,( lave-linge/sèche-linge , lave-vaisselle, four , micro-ondes ,hotte aspirante , machines/café , machine/ expresso grille-pain ) salle de bains avec WC , chauffage électrique ,réseau fibre optique/internet,code d'accès  et porte blindée .5 fenêtres double vitrage , vue / toits Mes  métros sont Strasbourg/St Denis  et Sentier . Les hôtes doivent avoir un portable afin de pouvoir communiquer par sms. 
29275	Well located, French style, romantic, luminous, quiet and clean.  The bed is 140cm in large and very confortable. You can ask for a second quilt if needed. The shower is quite big and the shampoo and shower gel are provided. You even have a small balcony to enjoy the outside fresh air.  A microwave may satisfaire your express meal needs or you can find many coffees and restaurants in the corner. You can also try the cheap but nice Chinese foods nearby (little China town) if you like.  The WC which is outside for sanitary raisons, only shared by two studios. **Bien situé, très français, romantique, lumineux, calme et propre. Le lit est 140 cm de large et bien confortable. Une couverture supplémentaire est possible.  La douche est assez grande. Vous avez également le shampoo et le gel douche à la disposition.  Le petit balcon vous permet de prendre l’aire fraie. Vous avez le micro-onde pour une cuisine simple et vous pouvez surtout profiter les nombreux cafés et restaurants dans le quart	Perfect located in the heart of Paris, you even don't need the downstair subway. You can go to the Marais, Centre Pompidou, Chatelet within 5 mins by walking. The studio is luminous, quiet, clean, French and romantic with vintage furnitures.    
29276	We are just 200 meters to the Metro Station  Sentier and the famous Rue Montorgueil. Hotest location in the centre of Paris, with good security. Really charming area, real Paris! It's a beautiful big studio who can host till 4-5persons. Many nice bars and great convenience nearby. You can walk to Pompidou Centre, Louvre Palace, les Halles, Notre-Dame about 15 minutes	We are just 200 meters to the Metro Station Sentier and the famous Rue Montorgueil. Hotest location in the centre of Paris, with good security. Really charming area, real Paris! It's a beautiful big studio who can host till 1- 3 persons.
29277		Typical parisian flat in heart of the city , 2eme arrondissement Metro Opera  or quatre septembre . 3 mn by walk from opera , 20 seconds from 4 septembre - 8 mn from Printemps and Galeries Lafayette -10 mn from Jardin des Thuilleries le louvre .
29278	The 27 square meters living room has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is furnished with a dining table for 8 people, double sofa bed, TV, built-in wall closet and hard wooden floor. The 8 square meters separate kitchen has a window facing courtyard and is equipped with all kitchen utensils, ceramic hob, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, built-in wall closet and hard wooden floor. The 15 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is contiguous to the bathroom #1. It is furnished with : European queen size bed, bedside table, built-in wall closet, built-in shelves and hard wooden floor. The 15 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is furnished with 2 single beds, bedside table, built-in wall closet and hard wooden floor. The 8 square meters bathroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and is contiguous to the bedroom #1. It is equipped with : washbasin,	This tastefully decorated 3 bedroom apartment of 80 square meters located on the 5th floor of a building with elevator up to the 4th floor. It can welcome up to 8 guests. The 27 square meters living room has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is furnished with a dining table for 8 people, double sofa bed, TV, built-in wall closet and hard wooden floor. The 8 square meters separate kitchen has a window facing courtyard and is equipped with all kitchen utensils, ceramic hob, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, built-in wall closet and hard wooden floor. The 15 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is contiguous to the bathroom #1. It is furnished with : European queen size bed, bedside table, built-in wall closet, built-in shelves and hard wooden floor. The 15 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and it is furnished with 2 single beds, bedside table, built-in wall c
29279	Welcome to Paris. We prepared our studio flat so you'll feel cozy and at home. A perfect  little nest for two in a fantastic quarter; Walking distance to the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Montmartre & a 5 min. walk to 4 different metro lines (7, 8, 9 & 12). Our cozy studio flat is in a typical French building and perfect for two, located on the 5th floor with an elevator. Some days you'll wake up to the smell of fresh baked baguettes as we live above a Boulangerie! Better than an alarm clock ; ) In the main room you'll find a bed, sitting area and and full size closet armoire so that you can unpack all your things and feel at home. The kitchen and dining area are equipped with everything you'll need to prepare a picnic lunch or cook at home; cups, glasses, cutlery, pots, pans, refrigerator, microwave, coffee press and hot water pot. The bathroom is small but cozy, clean and equipped with a shower (with curtain), hair drier and fresh towels. The toilet is separate. As our studio is located in 	Welcome to Paris. We prepared our studio flat so you'll feel cozy and at home. A perfect  little nest for two in a fantastic quarter; Walking distance to the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Montmartre & a 5 min. walk to 4 different metro lines (7, 8, 9 & 12). Welcome to Paris. We prepared our studio flat so you'll feel cozy and at home. A perfect  little nest for two in a fantastic quarter; Walking distance to the Louvre, Opera Garnier, Montmartre & a 5 min. walk to 4 different metro lines (7, 8, 9 & 12). Our cozy studio flat is in a typical French building and perfect for two, located on the 5th floor with an elevator. Some days you'll wake up to the smell of fresh baked baguettes as we live above a Boulangerie! Better than an alarm clock ; ) In the main room you'll find a bed, sitting area and and full size closet armoire so that you can unpack all your things and feel at home. The kitchen and dining area are equipped with everything you'll need to prepare a picnic lunch or cook at home; cups
29280	"This charming flat ( 32m2 ) under the roofs of Paris 5TH FLOOR WITHOUT ELEVATOR!! WELCOME TO A TYPICAL PARISIAN APARTMENT UNDER THE ROOF!!!!! It is located in the center of Paris , in the pedestrian zone of the Montorgueuil district , near of the historical districts of the Marais and les Halles, close to the cultural’s places like Beaubourg ( Centre Pompidou ), the Louvre, Notre Dame ect ... The pedestrian zone is AMAZING during all day & nights: restaurants, super-makets, ""bars à vins""... all shops! I m living very near from this Zone.  My place is quiet!!!!  Mansard-roofed and very luminous ( S / W exposure ) , a nice view on a 18th century beautiful paved yard, the flat combines calm and charms of a small heaven of peace for your staying in family, your week-end with your boy or girlfriend or  your holidays with  friends. ..   Moreover , you will find in the district all types of trade , restaurants, coffees, an open air market , a shopping mall and various transports to make your "	"Studio in Paris Center. 'MONTORGUEIL neighborhood""  ""UNDER THE ROOF"" (5th floor without lift... ;-) in a great neighborhood. Quite & Funny! Central location.  Great stay to enjoy your typical Parisian Stay! This charming flat ( 32m2 ) under the roofs of Paris 5TH FLOOR WITHOUT ELEVATOR!! WELCOME TO A TYPICAL PARISIAN APARTMENT UNDER THE ROOF!!!!! It is located in the center of Paris , in the pedestrian zone of the Montorgueuil district , near of the historical districts of the Marais and les Halles, close to the cultural’s places like Beaubourg ( Centre Pompidou ), the Louvre, Notre Dame ect ... The pedestrian zone is AMAZING during all day & nights: restaurants, super-makets, ""bars à vins""... all shops! I m living very near from this Zone.  My place is quiet!!!!  Mansard-roofed and very luminous ( S / W exposure ) , a nice view on a 18th century beautiful paved yard, the flat combines calm and charms of a small heaven of peace for your staying in family, your week-end with your boy or"
29281	If you want to experience an authentic and colorful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Rent furnished studio, 28m2 on 2nd floor, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, a Part bar, linen and crockery provided. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, washbasin and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has a breakfast nook with table and chairs, TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. For the party night he has a cabinet very comfortable bed. Building located in the heart of the shopping and pedestrian. Five minutes from Châtelet, this pedestrian paradise of food lovers is ideal for a stroll in the afternoon. The ancient streets of the neighborhood but are devoid of cars packed against by small traders who are one of the best addresses in Paris for your fresh produce market. The Quartier Montorgueil has long been the stronghold of the c	If you want to experience an authentic and colorful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Rent furnished studio, 28m2 on 2nd floor, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, washing machine, a Part bar, linen and crockery provided. The bathroom is equipped with a bath, washbasin and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has a breakfast nook with table and chairs, TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. For the party night he has a cabinet very comfortable bed. Building located in the heart of the shopping and pedestrian. Five minutes from Châtelet, this pedestrian paradise of food lovers is ideal for a stroll in the afternoon. The ancient streets of the neighborhood but are devoid of cars packed against by small traders who are one of the best addresses in Paris for your fresh produce market. The Quartier Montorgueil has long been the stronghold of the c
29282	Contemporary, yet classic, typical 110 square meter Parisian apartment in beginning of 19th Century building. Large entrance opening on spacious living room with open kitchen. This loft style living room in filled with sun light and on an internal wide space courtyard. The living area is furnished with wooden floors and stylish furniture. For any cultural appetite the designed library shelves are filled with Art books.  3 Bedrooms : The master bedroom has a Queen size bed with a high quality mattress.  The two other bedrooms are children's bedrooms. They each have a single size adult bed. All bedrooms are on Rue Paul Lelong. A street with some nice bars and restaurants just down your door step. The modern bathroom is very large and has a bath, and a shower. The toilets are separated. The apartment is located on the 4th floor up a amazing staircase. (no elevator).	Beautiful Parisian apartment in the heart of Paris, in between the famous and chic Palais Royal and most exciting Montorgueil district.  Newly redecorated by Architect owner, this design, authentic and cosy apartment can welcome up to 5 guests. Contemporary, yet classic, typical 110 square meter Parisian apartment in beginning of 19th Century building. Large entrance opening on spacious living room with open kitchen. This loft style living room in filled with sun light and on an internal wide space courtyard. The living area is furnished with wooden floors and stylish furniture. For any cultural appetite the designed library shelves are filled with Art books.  3 Bedrooms : The master bedroom has a Queen size bed with a high quality mattress.  The two other bedrooms are children's bedrooms. They each have a single size adult bed. All bedrooms are on Rue Paul Lelong. A street with some nice bars and restaurants just down your door step. The modern bathroom is very large and has a bath, a
29283	This charming and well fitted apartment  is situated on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building, in the 2nd district, close to Montorgueil area. Ideal for 2 persons (can accommodate 3 persons) , it offers all the necessary comfort for your stay. Living room with a double bed offering a good quality mattress, well equipped kitchen (2 hot plates, microwave,  fridge, coffee maker, dishes, etc), bathroom with shower and toilet. Internet WIFI	Charming studio in a calm historical district of Paris (2nd) SENTIER/MONTORGUEIL. Few minutes walking of great tourist attractions (Montorgeuil street 5mn,Louvre 15mn,Notre Dame 15mn,Grands Boulvards 5mn, Montmartre 25mn,Marais 10mn,City Hall       This charming and well fitted apartment  is situated on the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building, in the 2nd district, close to Montorgueil area. Ideal for 2 persons (can accommodate 3 persons) , it offers all the necessary comfort for your stay. Living room with a double bed offering a good quality mattress, well equipped kitchen (2 hot plates, microwave,  fridge, coffee maker, dishes, etc), bathroom with shower and toilet. Internet WIFI Located in the very heart of Paris city center, the 2nd district is one of the most authentic districts of Paris. Here you are near the Hotel de Ville, Beaubourg, Montorgueil pedestrian area and the famous Rue de Rivoli, which will take you to the Louvre, Notre Dame. This district is one of the oldest
29284	Le logement est un studio pittoresque du vieux Paris, situé  au 5 ème étage, (sans ascenseur) avec d'authentiques tomettes au sol, une ancienne cheminée et une belle lumière par ses 2 fenêtres orientées Sud - Ouest.  La surface est de 24 m2 . Le studio est organisé avec un couloir d’entrée, puis d’une salle de bain indépendante (baignoire, WC, lavabo) et ensuite d’une pièce principale avec table, chaises et une cuisine américaine toute équipée. Il dispose de 2 radiateurs pour le chauffage individuel. COUCHAGE : Il y a un lit double pour 2 personnes. On peut rajouter un lit pliant pour une personne supplémentaire si nécessaire. SECURITE : Il est équipé d’une porte blindée avec clef sécurité. Les 2 fenêtres sont équipées d’un double vitrage récent (3 ans) sur rue. DETAIL : Il a été refait à neuf en Juillet 2013 et il est entièrement équipé avec pour le linge : draps,  couvertures, et  duvet, serviettes de toilette et torchons à vaisselle ; et pour la cuisine : ustensiles de cuisine,  vai	    Charmant studio typique du vieux Paris confortable et avec vue sur les toits, au coeur de la capitale, avec ses petits cafés et restaurants branchés, toutes commodités à 5 minutes à pied, à côté du Louvre et des Halles et Notre Dame de Paris.    Le logement est un studio pittoresque du vieux Paris, situé  au 5 ème étage, (sans ascenseur) avec d'authentiques tomettes au sol, une ancienne cheminée et une belle lumière par ses 2 fenêtres orientées Sud - Ouest.  La surface est de 24 m2 . Le studio est organisé avec un couloir d’entrée, puis d’une salle de bain indépendante (baignoire, WC, lavabo) et ensuite d’une pièce principale avec table, chaises et une cuisine américaine toute équipée. Il dispose de 2 radiateurs pour le chauffage individuel. COUCHAGE : Il y a un lit double pour 2 personnes. On peut rajouter un lit pliant pour une personne supplémentaire si nécessaire. SECURITE : Il est équipé d’une porte blindée avec clef sécurité. Les 2 fenêtres sont équipées d’un double vitrage r
29285	Fully equipped, in the very center of Paris, and sleeps 2 to 4 people.	Nice recently renewed flat, in the very heart of Paris (2nd sector).  At a few steps from Beaubourg museum, Le Louvre, a bit more to reach Montmartre or the Champs Elysées. In a quite street of a lively area, you'll find everything you need within 2 minutes walk (famous cheese or wine shops, trendy bars, restaurants, fashion shops, and more). Fully equipped, in the very center of Paris, and sleeps 2 to 4 people. With stairs and digicodes Any question before your arrival, feel free to ask. Anything, anytime! The quartier Montorgueil is central, very well connected with public transport, lively but also calm with its narrow streets. at 3 min by walk : metro Sentier (M3) at 5 min by walk : metro Bourse (M3) at 7 min by walk : metro Etienne Marcel (M4) at 10 min by walk : Chatelet les Halles (RER A, B, D, M4) et direct link with both main airports
29286	Beautiful apartment for rent 70 m2 in the heart of Paris , between Opera, Place Vendome and the Royal Garden! Renovated by the well known interior designer who did the design the stores of L'Eclaireur and Jean Paul Gaultier in Paris.  The apartment offers you an unique design with two spacious bedrooms with large, comfortable beds ( new bedding) , a bathroom and a kitchen fully equipped... Ideal for a couple or small family . The apartment is fully equipped : LED TV ( no cable) screen , sound system Jarre Technologies , washing machine , dryer , dishwasher , hairdryer, printers, etc. ... WiFi is also available throughout the apartment. Everything you need is within 100m. Aside from it being perfectly located in the center of Paris, the district offers a great place to take a stroll, and everything you'll ever need is in a one block radius, making it easy to sample some of the best food shops, restaurants, bakeries, chocolate shops, and luxury stores in Paris in one fell swoop. All tour	Beautiful apartment for rent 70 m2 in the heart of Paris , between Opera, Place Vendome and the Royal Garden! Renovated by the well known interior designer who did the design the stores of L'Eclaireur and Jean Paul Gaultier in Paris.  The apartment offers you an unique design with two spacious bedrooms with large, comfortable beds ( new bedding) , a bathroom and a kitchen fully equipped... Ideal for a couple or small family . The apartment is fully equipped : LED TV ( no cable) screen , sound system Jarre Technologies , washing machine , dryer , dishwasher , hairdryer, printers, etc. ... WiFi is also available throughout the apartment. Everything you need is within 100m. Aside from it being perfectly located in the center of Paris, the district offers a great place to take a stroll, and everything you'll ever need is in a one block radius, making it easy to sample some of the best food shops, restaurants, bakeries, chocolate shops, and luxury stores in Paris in one fell swoop. All tour
29287	Location: The flat is located at the heart of Paris, in the vibrant area of Etienne Marcel/ Sentier.  When getting out of the flat, walk through the beautiful rue Tiquetonne and find some of the nicest restaurants and terraces in Paris. Turn right and you are in the famous rue Montorgueil, with its markets and cafes. Turn left again and you can get a drink in Paris' coolest bars. Every street around are pedestrian streets which makes the whole area looks so beautiful and perfect to chill. The area is also perfect if you want to do some shopping. Etienne Marcel is famous for its cool shops and its boutiques from designers. Les Halles on the other hand is one of the biggest shopping areain Paris with hundreds of shops.  You will also never have to take more than 20 minutes to go anywhere in Paris. The flat's location is extremely convenient with a direct access to the lines (phone number hidden) as well as RER A, B, C and D.  This location also makes the cab travels (at night for example	Very comfortable room in the heart of Paris, next to all facilities and metro lines. Close to many good bars and restaurants.  2mn from Chatelet and 5mn from the Seine.  Free WiFi available.  I look forward to hearing from you !  Guillaume Location: The flat is located at the heart of Paris, in the vibrant area of Etienne Marcel/ Sentier.  When getting out of the flat, walk through the beautiful rue Tiquetonne and find some of the nicest restaurants and terraces in Paris. Turn right and you are in the famous rue Montorgueil, with its markets and cafes. Turn left again and you can get a drink in Paris' coolest bars. Every street around are pedestrian streets which makes the whole area looks so beautiful and perfect to chill. The area is also perfect if you want to do some shopping. Etienne Marcel is famous for its cool shops and its boutiques from designers. Les Halles on the other hand is one of the biggest shopping areain Paris with hundreds of shops.  You will also never have to take
29288	With its majestic structure, Opéra is a prestigious neighborhood but also a perfect crossroad between history and the modern life of the capital. In the peaceful street at a walking distance from the Place, this studio offers a great comfort. This studio is located on the 5th floor of a Haussmanian -style building. It has a secured access. The studio overloosks an one-way street. It is located on the 5th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. With an unobstructed view over the heights of Paris and a continous balcony, this large studio is as great outside as it is inside. Light and decorated in moderation, the studio offers a practical layout, perfect for 3 people. It consists of a kitchen equipped with a fridge, a microwave, hot plates and a dining table, but also the night area with a 140 cm double bed and a 80 cm sofa bed for 1 person. WC and shower tub are in the bathroom. A small space is fitted as the laundry area. The Place de l’Opéra is at the crossroad of Place Vendôme’s 	With its majestic structure, Opéra is a prestigious neighborhood but also a perfect crossroad between history and the modern life of the capital. In the peaceful street at a walking distance from the Place, this studio offers a great comfort. This studio is located on the 5th floor of a Haussmanian -style building. It has a secured access. The studio overloosks an one-way street. It is located on the 5th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. With an unobstructed view over the heights of Paris and a continous balcony, this large studio is as great outside as it is inside. Light and decorated in moderation, the studio offers a practical layout, perfect for 3 people. It consists of a kitchen equipped with a fridge, a microwave, hot plates and a dining table, but also the night area with a 140 cm double bed and a 80 cm sofa bed for 1 person. WC and shower tub are in the bathroom. A small space is fitted as the laundry area. The Place de l’Opéra is at the crossroad of Place Vendôme’s 
29289		Lovely Studio, ideal for a couple, in the heart of Paris (Rue Montorgueil). Separate bathroom and kitchen. Near all small shops of the pedestrian street of Montorgueil. Charming and romantic neighborhood. Near Jardin du Palais Royal and all museums
29290	Appartement de 40 m, au 2eme étage situé rue de saint-denis très lumineux, calme, et agréable. A 2 min du quartier de montorgueil et proche du marais. Cette appartement bien situé.  Vous avez accès à la wifi, TV dans chaque pièce. Proche métro, restaurants et commerces à proximité. 	Près de la rue Etienne Marcel et Montorgueil quartier très branché, boutiques, restaurants, bars.......  Appartement de 40 m, au 2eme étage situé rue de saint-denis très lumineux, calme, et agréable. A 2 min du quartier de montorgueil et proche du marais. Cette appartement bien situé.  Vous avez accès à la wifi, TV dans chaque pièce. Proche métro, restaurants et commerces à proximité. 
29291	Welcome to this lovely, well-maintained apartment situated on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a charming, very Parisian building on Rue Montorguel. One of Paris' oldest, this enchanting pedestrian street was immortalized in Claude Monet's eponymous painting (see above), and today boasts some of Paris' most famous establishments. Dine on the sidewalk terrace and people-watch at L'Escargot, the original home of the delectable snail dish, and follow it up with an éclair at Stohrer, Paris' oldest pastry shop (and a favorite destination of Queen Elizabeth today). The apartment features a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and oven, a bathroom with a washer-dryer, a living room/den with a flatscreen television and sofa bed, and a bedroom with a comfy double bed. Right in the heart of Paris, the apartment is close by to the Louvre and to the Marais. It's also nestled between 2 metro stops in short walking distance, one of which can take you to CDG or Orly airports. Charm, centrality, conven	Charming apartment on Rue Montorgueil, the jewel of central Paris' most famous pedestrian quarter. Welcome to this lovely, well-maintained apartment situated on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a charming, very Parisian building on Rue Montorguel. One of Paris' oldest, this enchanting pedestrian street was immortalized in Claude Monet's eponymous painting (see above), and today boasts some of Paris' most famous establishments. Dine on the sidewalk terrace and people-watch at L'Escargot, the original home of the delectable snail dish, and follow it up with an éclair at Stohrer, Paris' oldest pastry shop (and a favorite destination of Queen Elizabeth today). The apartment features a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and oven, a bathroom with a washer-dryer, a living room/den with a flatscreen television and sofa bed, and a bedroom with a comfy double bed. Right in the heart of Paris, the apartment is close by to the Louvre and to the Marais. It's also nestled between 2 metro stops in s
29292	A great One Bedroom apartment recently redesigned by an architect. High quality settings and equipment. The apartment is made of a series of linked rooms. An entry corridor, a dining room (with the access to the well equipped kitchen), a sitting room with a double sofa bed, and a master bedroom with double bed (140*190). A shower room and separate toilets complete the apartment which can sleep four.	A beautiful 1br, recently refurbished by a talented architect, on the 3rd floor with elevator. It features a dining room adjoining an equipped kitchen and a living room with sofa bed, a bedroom with double bed and a shower room(separated toilet) A great One Bedroom apartment recently redesigned by an architect. High quality settings and equipment. The apartment is made of a series of linked rooms. An entry corridor, a dining room (with the access to the well equipped kitchen), a sitting room with a double sofa bed, and a master bedroom with double bed (140*190). A shower room and separate toilets complete the apartment which can sleep four. Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay A business district wit
29293		- Located in the center of Paris, between Sentier & Bonne Nouvelle Metro Station - Newly renovated, modern design, 5th floor, illuminated studio with a 5m2 Balcony - Enjoy its view on Paris having a brunch - Be in Love in Queen Size bed  
29294	The flat is located on the 4th floor of a hotel particulier with a courtyard. Very silent area especially on weekends as majority of flats are business offices. The flat was fully refurbished 4 years ago. It can accommodate up to 5 guests - in a master bedroom (2 guests), a smaller room with a single size bed. The living room can also accommodate 2 guests in a convertible sofa. The flat has a fitted kitchen and a little balcony to enjoy your breakfasts.	"85 sqm flat, 4th floor with lift in a 'hotel particulier"" in the heart of Paris, between Palais Royal and Opera Square. Fitted kitchen and 35 sqm cosy living room with west-facing orientation.  Metro: 2 min walk - Louvre: 5min - Opera Square 10 min. The flat is located on the 4th floor of a hotel particulier with a courtyard. Very silent area especially on weekends as majority of flats are business offices. The flat was fully refurbished 4 years ago. It can accommodate up to 5 guests - in a master bedroom (2 guests), a smaller room with a single size bed. The living room can also accommodate 2 guests in a convertible sofa. The flat has a fitted kitchen and a little balcony to enjoy your breakfasts. Access to all rooms. Cleaning lady once a week is included in the price. Interaction on the first day to provide keys. No interaction during the stay. In the very heart of Paris: within 2 min walk from the Palais Royal, 5 min walk from the Louvre, 10 min walf from Opera Square. The very famo"
29295	"The apartment is fully renovated and includes a large living room with natural light and a separate spacious bedroom. You can also cook local specialties with a full equipped kitchen, and then watch the sunset over the Sacred Heart on the balcony.  Ideally located, in a very dynamic area, find down to you the ""Grands boulevards"", the Opera and the legendary ""Grand Rex"" or the Grevin museum. "	"Beautiful apartment of 60m2, fully renovated, spacious and very bright.  Its unique location in the heart of Paris will allow you to discover Galeries Lafayette, Montorgueil or Montmartre areas. The apartment is fully renovated and includes a large living room with natural light and a separate spacious bedroom. You can also cook local specialties with a full equipped kitchen, and then watch the sunset over the Sacred Heart on the balcony.  Ideally located, in a very dynamic area, find down to you the ""Grands boulevards"", the Opera and the legendary ""Grand Rex"" or the Grevin museum. Guests have access to the entire apartment, including:  - A large living  - A spacious room  - A very modern bathroom  - A fully equipped kitchen  - 3 balconies with stunning views of Montmarte and ""Sacré Cœur"" I am available during your whole trip for any question or information.  I let you a small guide of the area that will make your trip easier! The area is very dynamic and offers activities for every ta"
29296	"This B&B, in full center of Paris, is very near by feet of the quarter Montorgueil, the Grands Boulevards (Restaurant Chartier, Musée Grévin, aso ...), the Louvre, the Halles, Beaubourg. By feet at two minutes many lines of Underground : 3, 4, 8 et 9 and at five the Rer A and B. The street is very cool and calm, the room is on the 3rd floor with a personal entrance ; same for the bath-room ; the room itself is 20 m2, big bed (140x200) ; a kettle with tea and coffee. The breakfast with only fresh products (""viennoiseries"", breds, ham, cheese, jams, fruit, ...) is served in the dining-room ; Wifi"	"This B&B, in full center of Paris, is very near by feet of the quarter Montorgueil, the Grands Boulevards (Restaurant Chartier, Musée Grévin, aso ...), the Louvre, the Halles, Beaubourg. By feet at two minutes many lines of Underground : 3, 4, 8 et 9 This B&B, in full center of Paris, is very near by feet of the quarter Montorgueil, the Grands Boulevards (Restaurant Chartier, Musée Grévin, aso ...), the Louvre, the Halles, Beaubourg. By feet at two minutes many lines of Underground : 3, 4, 8 et 9 and at five the Rer A and B. The street is very cool and calm, the room is on the 3rd floor with a personal entrance ; same for the bath-room ; the room itself is 20 m2, big bed (140x200) ; a kettle with tea and coffee. The breakfast with only fresh products (""viennoiseries"", breds, ham, cheese, jams, fruit, ...) is served in the dining-room ; Wifi Smoking in a particular place Arrival not before 2 p.m. but the luggage can be left at any time Breakfast before seven o'clock, the products cannot"
29297		Beau studio au cœur du 2ème arrondissement.  Complètement refait à neuf et bien organisé.  A deux pas de l'Opéra et du Musée du Louvre, c'est le lieu idéal pour bien profiter de la ville lumière! Cuisine et salle de bain Quartier animé le jour et super tranquille le soir ! Metro à proximité : - Quatre septembre - Pyramides - Opéra  - Palais royale Musée du Louvre
29298	"The studio of 29m² is completely renovated, situated in a building designed by the prime minister of Louis XIV. It is located at the ground floor with view on a peaceful leafy courtyard. Less than one minute from the ""Place des victoires"" it is at the heart of Paris."	"If you want to visit the charming Paris, you have to choose this neighborhood. This flat is right in the old Paris, 10 minutes from everywhere. The perfect place for a perfect trip. Feel more than free to send me a message concerning any questions. The studio of 29m² is completely renovated, situated in a building designed by the prime minister of Louis XIV. It is located at the ground floor with view on a peaceful leafy courtyard. Less than one minute from the ""Place des victoires"" it is at the heart of Paris. You want to visit the Louvre, the Palais Royal, the Bourse, the Place Vendôme, the Forum Des Halles, the Centre Pompidou ou the Jardin des Tuileries? All that an even more is reachable by foot! Furthermore you find a lot of good Restaurants and charming Cafés around to enjoy the world famous french ""Savoir vivre"". In a few minutes you have access to the Metro stations Sentier, Bourse, Palais Royal and Les Halles. In addition bikes and cars are nearby for rent. PLEASE NOTICE: Fro"
29299		"Nice studio in quiet place in center of Paris. Next to Bars/restaurants of ""Montorgueil"" and ""Le Marais"", next to metro Réaumur-sébastopol (metro 3,4) and Strasbourg Saint Dénis (métro 8,9,4). Opéra is 5min and Louvre is 7min! You will enjoy Paris"
29300	Living like a Parisian, under the roof with a view on the Eiffel tower. Ideally located in the centre of Paris, on a charming pedestrian street in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd district. V. good transport connections, Chatelet-les-Halles. Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, 2 rooms flat (30m2/300sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2015.  The apartment is fully renovated. It includes a living room, open kitchen area, and a bath room and the bedroom (160cm double bed). Free (and fast) wifi internet is available, towels and bed linen provided. The apartment sleeps 2 comfortably in the double bed upstairs and has a sofa.  The area is full of restaurants, cafes, bars and clubs, yet the apartment is quiet which is quite surprising in the heart of a city.  The studio is on the 6th floor with a lift, very convenient particularly if you have lots of luggage.	Charming and quiet flat with view over Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower. Trendu area (Montorgeuil) right in the the center of Paris, with lots of shops, restaurants, and café. 10 min walks from the Louvre. 5 from Chatelet-Les Halles the main station. Living like a Parisian, under the roof with a view on the Eiffel tower. Ideally located in the centre of Paris, on a charming pedestrian street in the fashionable Montorgueil area of Paris' 2nd district. V. good transport connections, Chatelet-les-Halles. Ideally located right in the centre of Paris, 2 rooms flat (30m2/300sq ft), in 17th century building, fully renovated in 2015.  The apartment is fully renovated. It includes a living room, open kitchen area, and a bath room and the bedroom (160cm double bed). Free (and fast) wifi internet is available, towels and bed linen provided. The apartment sleeps 2 comfortably in the double bed upstairs and has a sofa.  The area is full of restaurants, cafes, bars and clubs, yet the apartment is qu
29301	L'appartement est plein sud et très lumineux, dans une rue étroite calme le soir et le week-end mais en plein centre de Paris et proche de tous les métros principaux. Profitez des commerçants et des restaurants de la rue de Montorgueil, des théâtres des Grands Boulevards et du shopping au centre commercial des Halles : tout est accessible à pieds ! Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un lit deux places sur cour. Tout le nécessaire (draps, serviettes, vaisselle) est à disposition pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'une platine vinyle venue tout droit des années 70. 	Placé entre le Grand Rex, Strasbourg-Saint-Denis et Sentier dans une rue calme à coté de la rue Montorgueil, exposé plein sud, vous serez au centre de Paris. Vous disposez d'une chambre, un salon/cuisine équipée ainsi que d'une salle de bain. L'appartement est plein sud et très lumineux, dans une rue étroite calme le soir et le week-end mais en plein centre de Paris et proche de tous les métros principaux. Profitez des commerçants et des restaurants de la rue de Montorgueil, des théâtres des Grands Boulevards et du shopping au centre commercial des Halles : tout est accessible à pieds ! Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un lit deux places sur cour. Tout le nécessaire (draps, serviettes, vaisselle) est à disposition pendant votre séjour, ainsi qu'une platine vinyle venue tout droit des années 70. Malheureusement il n'y a aucun placard à disposition. L'ordinateur n'est pas à disposition non plus, en revanche le wifi est disponible. La cuisine est totalement accessible, mais prière de ne p
29302	My Flat is i the center of the Universe, you can get everywhere from here... it has access to 5 different metro lines and is very easy to get to the airports, one train no changes	"Special Pricing!!!! Bohemian Chic Studio, good working kitchen, clothes washing machine, big windows, very bright sunny space, great home away from home. lovely 300 percale sheets and fluffy pillows warm comforter (couette)... big fluffy towels... My Flat is i the center of the Universe, you can get everywhere from here... it has access to 5 different metro lines and is very easy to get to the airports, one train no changes There is a gym (KLAY Club), a pool and Metros and RER a and RER B within 5 minute walk I am available to help guests in anyway needed. if you need to print boarding passes just plug the Grey USB into your computer and print away... I am 30 seconds from KLAY Club. one minute from coffee, food and shopping. ""Did I say'shoes' Shopping?"".. Lots of great shoe stores. Yes.... easy and close 4 metro lines and both RER A and B"
29303	Large appartment -loft style- (82 m2 = 882 sq ft) in the trendy and popular Montorgueil/Etienne Marcel area. Central Paris.  Walking distance to le Marais, Chatelet, Opera, Place des Victoires.  Metro : line 3, 4, 8, 9. RER A, B (in direction of airports) many buses and velib stations.  Located in a half pedestrian street, many restaurants, bars and fashion stores. Close to museums : Louvre, Centre Pompidou, Grevin, etc. Immense and shinny living room (3 large windows and high ceiling), 2 3seat-sofas, and 1 large dinner table (8 seats). Vintage and cool furnitures.  Open kitchen fully equiped (dishwasher, large fridge, grill, oven, microwave).  1 large bedroom with queen size bed and TV DVD  1 bedroom with a confortable double sofa-bed, both with windows. cupboards available upon request, washing drying machine.  1 bathroom (shower) + WC.  WIFI Daily or weekly cleaning service optional (15E/h) during your stay. Pictures and more info on demand.	Beautiful apartment in the heart of Paris. Huge and bright living room with a big open kitchen. 2 very quiet rooms over a quiet courtyard. Very trendy area (lots of restaurants, bars, galleries and shops). Large appartment -loft style- (82 m2 = 882 sq ft) in the trendy and popular Montorgueil/Etienne Marcel area. Central Paris.  Walking distance to le Marais, Chatelet, Opera, Place des Victoires.  Metro : line 3, 4, 8, 9. RER A, B (in direction of airports) many buses and velib stations.  Located in a half pedestrian street, many restaurants, bars and fashion stores. Close to museums : Louvre, Centre Pompidou, Grevin, etc. Immense and shinny living room (3 large windows and high ceiling), 2 3seat-sofas, and 1 large dinner table (8 seats). Vintage and cool furnitures.  Open kitchen fully equiped (dishwasher, large fridge, grill, oven, microwave).  1 large bedroom with queen size bed and TV DVD  1 bedroom with a confortable double sofa-bed, both with windows. cupboards available upon req
29304	En plein cœur d'une des rues les plus passantes de Paris, cet appartement est parfait pour découvrir la ville tout en étant à proximité de toutes les commodités. A moins de 100m de plusieurs stations de métro et situé au premier étage, vous aurez une vue imprenable sur la rue Montorgueil et pourrez profiter du soleil sur une terrasse. Tous les équipements nécessaires sont présents, et tout l'ameublement est de qualité. Sur place, vous aurez accès à de la vaisselle et des chaises pour au moins 5 personnes. Des commerces de proximité se trouvent à moins de 10m de l'appartement.	Magnifique appartement 100m² au coeur de Paris, rue Montorgueil. A proximité de tout, haut sous plafond, très lumineux, tout équipé. La 1ère chambre est collée au salon et intégralement vitrée mais reste intime, les deux autres chambres sont séparées En plein cœur d'une des rues les plus passantes de Paris, cet appartement est parfait pour découvrir la ville tout en étant à proximité de toutes les commodités. A moins de 100m de plusieurs stations de métro et situé au premier étage, vous aurez une vue imprenable sur la rue Montorgueil et pourrez profiter du soleil sur une terrasse. Tous les équipements nécessaires sont présents, et tout l'ameublement est de qualité. Sur place, vous aurez accès à de la vaisselle et des chaises pour au moins 5 personnes. Des commerces de proximité se trouvent à moins de 10m de l'appartement. Tout est accessible. Je serai peut-être présent lors de la remise des clés; si ce n'est pas possible, un ami sera là pour moi; Quartier piéton le plus animé de Paris,
29305	"Apartment with all utilities included, where you can live in an open-space or enjoy privacy. One bed room with a thru bed (140X190 cm) Into the living room a sofa-bed (140X190cm) Disposal for a minimum of 4 days stay Ideally located in the heart of Paris,  Rue Montorgueil on the 4st floor, a pedestrian district famous for its food-shops, bars and restaurants.  Overlooking an interior courtyard, preserved from noise, the apartment is 2 minutes away from St Eustache, the ""Forum des Halles"" (direct lines to airports, railways stations, Euro Disney, cinemas, swimming pool, shopping  center.).  It is also 5 minutes away from the Pompidou Centre and 10 minutes away from the Louvre, the Palais Royal or Notre Dame  Art Appart is a simple concept. You can rent the apartment and live with paintings and sculptures like into a little gallery. Some of them are proposed for sell, so you can buy something that is part of your Parisian decoration. "	"Apartment with all utilities included, where you can live in an open-space or enjoy privacy. One bed room with a thru bed (140X190 cm) Into the living room a sofa-bed (140X190cm) Disposal for a minimum of 4 days stay Ideally located in the heart of Paris,  Rue Montorgueil on the 4st floor, a pedestrian district famous for its food-shops, bars and restaurants.  Overlooking an interior courtyard, preserved from noise, the apartment is 2 minutes away from St Eustache, the ""Forum des Halles"" (direct lines to airports, railways stations, Euro Disney, cinemas, swimming pool, shopping  center.).  It is also 5 minutes away from the Pompidou Centre and 10 minutes away from the Louvre, the Palais Royal or Notre Dame  Art Appart is a simple concept. You can rent the apartment and live with paintings and sculptures like into a little gallery. Some of them are proposed for sell, so you can buy something that is part of your Parisian decoration. "
29306	"Soleil (our name for the studio) has a high ceiling with exposed beams.  Two windows look out over flower boxes onto our pleasant, semi-pedestrian street.  Light and cheery.   It is on the first floor (European definition — one flight up), on the front of the building.  There is no lift / elevator, as they had not been thought of in the 12th century, when construction apparently started. The apartment offers a “French double” bed (not a queen:  an old-fashioned double, 1m20 wide), plus two chairs that fold out into single, high-quality, Bultex ""foam"" floor beds.   This means that the place can technically fit 4.  But the double is for couples who really like each other, and if both singles are deployed, there is not much remaining floor space.  Best suited to a couple, formed of not-too-large people, or to up to 3 friends.  OK for a family with up to 2 children.  Tight for 4 adults:  a budget solution, but not a comfortable one (total floor space is 21 sq. meters / 225 sq feet, includi"	"Exposed beams, high ceilings, lots of light. Double bed + 2 convertible chairs:  comfy for 2, can sleep 4.  In the beautiful Montorgueil neighborhood, the best location in the city.  9 métro lines at your door, and in walking distance of many sites. Soleil (our name for the studio) has a high ceiling with exposed beams.  Two windows look out over flower boxes onto our pleasant, semi-pedestrian street.  Light and cheery.   It is on the first floor (European definition — one flight up), on the front of the building.  There is no lift / elevator, as they had not been thought of in the 12th century, when construction apparently started. The apartment offers a “French double” bed (not a queen:  an old-fashioned double, 1m20 wide), plus two chairs that fold out into single, high-quality, Bultex ""foam"" floor beds.   This means that the place can technically fit 4.  But the double is for couples who really like each other, and if both singles are deployed, there is not much remaining floor spa"
29307	Appartement très lumineux situé dans une zone piétonne, au 3 ème étage, il peut accueillir 4 personnes grace a son canapé lit 2 places et une chambre séparée. Au coeur de Paris, vous serez a 10 minutes a pieds du jardin des Tuileries, du marais, du canal st Martin et bien d'autres quartiers... Le quartier Etienne Marcel est vivant avec la rue Montorgueil (commerces, bistrots, bars)...etc  Le métro se situe a 20 mètres de l'appartement.	Magnifique appartement très lumineux dans le quartier Etienne Marcel en plein centre de Paris! Cuisine américaine tout équipée avec grand salon comprenant un canapé lit, plus une chambre séparée avec un grand lit. Situé dans une zone piétonne. Appartement très lumineux situé dans une zone piétonne, au 3 ème étage, il peut accueillir 4 personnes grace a son canapé lit 2 places et une chambre séparée. Au coeur de Paris, vous serez a 10 minutes a pieds du jardin des Tuileries, du marais, du canal st Martin et bien d'autres quartiers... Le quartier Etienne Marcel est vivant avec la rue Montorgueil (commerces, bistrots, bars)...etc  Le métro se situe a 20 mètres de l'appartement. Appartement complètement équipé, draps et serviettes de bain seront fournis. La cuisine comprend tout les ustensiles nécessaires. Internet sans fil, télévision, lecteur blue ray, enceinte pour la musique...    je serai présente pour la remise des clefs! Le quartier Etienne Marcel comprend de nombreux avantages, bar
29308	Je loue mon studio avec terrasse situé dans le quartier piéton Montorgueil au coeur de Paris (2e arrondissement). Très lumineux, agréable et calme, ce studio est idéal pour profiter de Paris en été grâce à son emplacement central (métro ligne 4, ligne 3, RER Châtelet-les-halles) et sa terrasse. Vous disposerez d'un coin cuisine équipé, d'une salle de douche, canapé lit, machine à laver. Linge de maison fourni Wifi Disponible pendant les vacances scolaires Prix semaine : 420€ (location minimum 1 semaine) 	Je loue mon studio avec terrasse situé dans le quartier piéton Montorgueil au coeur de Paris (2e arrondissement). Très lumineux, agréable et calme, ce studio est idéal pour profiter de Paris en été grâce à son emplacement central (métro ligne 4, ligne 3, RER Châtelet-les-halles) et sa terrasse. Vous disposerez d'un coin cuisine équipé, d'une salle de douche, canapé lit, machine à laver. Linge de maison fourni Wifi Disponible pendant les vacances scolaires Prix semaine : 350€ (location minimum 1 semaine) 
29309	There is 2 bed rooms in this apartment and allow to accommodate for 4  persons. There are 2 super comfortable king single-sized bed in the second room and a king size bed in the master room The closet in the bedroom has plenty of space to stow luggage and has plenty of shelves for your stuff, too, along with shirt hangers . In the summer time a fan is in the room and there is heater for the winter. The apartment has one bathroom and separate toilet  . It's a bathroom so not much more can be said about it. Wireless internet are provided and unlimited phone calls to LANDLINES in Australia ,USA and France . However , the phone cannot be used to call cell phones .  All bed sheets and towels are provided.  Definitely let me know if you have any other questions!	There is 2 bed rooms in this apartment and allow to accommodate for 4  persons. There are 2 super comfortable king single-sized bed in the second room and a king size bed in the master room The closet in the bedroom has plenty of space to stow luggage and has plenty of shelves for your stuff, too, along with shirt hangers . In the summer time a fan is in the room and there is heater for the winter. The apartment has one bathroom and separate toilet  . It's a bathroom so not much more can be said about it. Wireless internet are provided and unlimited phone calls to LANDLINES in Australia ,USA and France . However , the phone cannot be used to call cell phones .  All bed sheets and towels are provided.  Definitely let me know if you have any other questions! This apartment  located at the center of so many popular neighborhoods in Paris:- Le Marais , Ile-de-la cite, Ile St-Louis , Opera district, Les halls and Montmarte  etc. . It's  just a few minute walk from Musée du Louvre and Centre
29310	RAINBOW suite offer you maximum comfort. Its quality mattresses, pillows and soundproofing ensure peaceful and relaxing nights. The well-designed bathroom allows space for a separate shower and bath. Our suites also come with the latest media and sound technology systems. A carefully selected RAYZ Playlist has been created for your stay. A fully-equipped kitchen enables you to dine in the suite should you wish to.	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 35 square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. RAINBOW suite offer you maximum comfort. Its quality mattresses, pillows and soundproofing ensure peaceful and relaxing nights. The well-designed bathroom allows space for a separate shower and bath. Our suites also come with the latest media and sound technology systems. A carefully selected RAYZ Playlist has been created for your stay. A fully-equipped kitchen enables you to dine in the suite should you wish to. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Chevreu
29311	This former Bakery has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The Flat can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed in mezzanine. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful street. Towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The flat is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans, …   a dining area with a table for 2   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed for 2 people with a top quality mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a wardrobe to store your clothes & lugages + iron    a bathroom (shower, WC, sink, washer & dryer, heating)    FREE WIFI The Opéra Garnier, Galeries Lafayette , the Louvre & 	"Former Bakery upcycled into a design flat by designers in a 18 century building. Ideal for 2, flat with bed in mezzanine. 20m2. Near ""Le Marais"", central, trendy, 10/15 min from all touristy attractions. 2 min from metro station.    This former Bakery has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The Flat can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed in mezzanine. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful street. Towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The flat is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans, …   a dining area with a table for 2   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed for 2 peo"
29312	Apartment is a duplex on the 3 /4 floor without lift. On the first floor : - One dining-room with open kitchen - One queen bed sleeping room, with private bathroom and toilets - One single bed sleeping room, with private bathroom - Toilets On the second floor :  - living room with sofa bed - private terrace 	Very charming flat, in the center of Paris, near  Montorgueil and Opéra,  4 rooms, 2 sleeping rooms, 2 WC, terrasse Apartment is a duplex on the 3 /4 floor without lift. On the first floor : - One dining-room with open kitchen - One queen bed sleeping room, with private bathroom and toilets - One single bed sleeping room, with private bathroom - Toilets On the second floor :  - living room with sofa bed - private terrace As we live in this flat most of the year, you will find everything you need to enjoy your stay.  (dishwasher, washing machine, free wifi...) Bed linen and towels included.     The flat is at the same time very calm, and situated in the center of Paris, in a very lively neighborhood 2 minutes walk from rue Montorgueil 5 minutes walk from Opéra 10 minutes walk from Louvre, Palais Royal 10 minutes walk from Le Marais, Les Halles metro ligne 3 at 2 minutes (sentier or bourse) metro lignes 8 and 9 at 3 minutes (grands-boulevard or bonne-nouvelle) metro ligne 4 at 5 minutes 
29313	Appartement de 40 m2 en plein coeur de paris (2ème arrondissement, métro Bourse, Sentier ou Grands Boulevards).  Près du quartier piéton et très animé de Montorgueil. De nombreux bars, boutiques et restaurants dans la rue Montmartre et rue Montorgueil adjacente. Mais aussi accessible à pied de nombreux lieux incontournables de la capitale: Le Louvre (15 min), Le Jardin du Palais Royal (10 min), L'Opéra (10 min), La Seine (10 min), La Place Vendôme (15 min), Châtelet les Halles (10 min), Quartier piéton (4 min) L'APPARTEMENT avec Cuisine américaine entièrement équipée: plaque vitrocéramique, four, lave vaisselle, micro onde, four combiné multifonction... ouverte sur un salon lumineux, avec 2 grandes doubles fenêtres (environ 20 m2). Parquet, grand canapé lit double et un canapé lit célibataire, Wifi et cable.  Chambre: grand lit double 160 dans la chambre intime. Très lumineuse avec deux fenêtres velux et un grand placard. Draps inclus. Et sa jolie bagnoire patte de lion.   Salle de bai	Centre de Paris. Duplex situé au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble. Rue paisible. Equipements neufs bien pourvus. Tout vient d'être soigneusement refait. Poutres apparentes et parquet. Charme. Très calme. Idéal pour un séjour de 1 à 5 personnes. Appartement de 40 m2 en plein coeur de paris (2ème arrondissement, métro Bourse, Sentier ou Grands Boulevards).  Près du quartier piéton et très animé de Montorgueil. De nombreux bars, boutiques et restaurants dans la rue Montmartre et rue Montorgueil adjacente. Mais aussi accessible à pied de nombreux lieux incontournables de la capitale: Le Louvre (15 min), Le Jardin du Palais Royal (10 min), L'Opéra (10 min), La Seine (10 min), La Place Vendôme (15 min), Châtelet les Halles (10 min), Quartier piéton (4 min) L'APPARTEMENT avec Cuisine américaine entièrement équipée: plaque vitrocéramique, four, lave vaisselle, micro onde, four combiné multifonction... ouverte sur un salon lumineux, avec 2 grandes doubles fenêtres (environ 20 m2). Parquet, gra
29314	It is a beautiful old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the third floor and has a clear view over the rue de la Bourse and the place (square) of the same name. It is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator. It is a one-bedroom apartment for 4 people. The entrance opens up on a lovely living room equipped with a comfortable 160 cm convertible sofa and a dining table. Near the living room, you will find a fully-equipped kitchen with all the equipment necessary to cook tasty dishes. The bedroom area has a very comfortable 160 cm double bed. Finally, the bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets.	Located on the third floor, clear and well-arranged, this 40 square meters apartment is carefully arranged and has a refine decoration. In a very accessible neighborhood like this one, it will be easy for you to get around Paris. It is a beautiful old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the third floor and has a clear view over the rue de la Bourse and the place (square) of the same name. It is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator. It is a one-bedroom apartment for 4 people. The entrance opens up on a lovely living room equipped with a comfortable 160 cm convertible sofa and a dining table. Near the living room, you will find a fully-equipped kitchen with all the equipment necessary to cook tasty dishes. The bedroom area has a very comfortable 160 cm double bed. Finally, the bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets. Once you are in front of the building, use the Electronic Key or the key to enter the building. Then, take the s
29315	One bedroom appartment in in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, can accomodate 4 people. The apartment has an area of 53 sqm - 570 sqft, and is located on the 7th French floor (last floor) with elevator till the 6th floor (1 floor with the stairs). It can accommodate 4 people located in rue Vivienne , It features : a living/dining room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen. Equipment at your disposal: vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 160 cm wide, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, sheets and towels, coffee, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels living/dining room with a surface of 30 sqm - 323 sqft, and has 3 windows facing South. Equipped with : 1 double sofa bed 160 cm wide, 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, table, coffee table. the bathroom tiled floor, shower, 1 sink, hairdryer with 1 window. the bedroom With a surface of approximately 11 sqm - 118 sqft, and has 1 window. Equipped with : a double bed 160 cm wi	One bedroom appartment in in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, can accomodate 4 people. The apartment has an area of 53 sqm - 570 sqft, and is located on the 7th French floor (last floor) with elevator till the 6th floor (1 floor with the stairs). It can accommodate 4 people located in rue Vivienne , It features : a living/dining room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen. Equipment at your disposal: vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 160 cm wide, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, sheets and towels, coffee, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels living/dining room with a surface of 30 sqm - 323 sqft, and has 3 windows facing South. Equipped with : 1 double sofa bed 160 cm wide, 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, table, coffee table. the bathroom tiled floor, shower, 1 sink, hairdryer with 1 window. the bedroom With a surface of approximately 11 sqm - 118 sqft, and has 1 window. Equipped with : a double bed 160 cm wi
29316	This comfortable studio is bright and functional. It is perfectly equipped and offers a high level of comfort. Located in the Bonne Nouvelle neighborhood, you will be close to the Halles, Châtelet and the Grands Boulevards. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of an old building typical of Paris’ central areas, with no elevator. It faces a one-way street. Tiled floor and apparent beams, this studio offers a great setting for your stay. Its two windows overlook a peaceful street. The accommodation has a 160 cm sofa bed, a duo table and storage area. Fully equipped, the kitchen has a fridge, hot plates, a washing machine, a dishwasher, a microwave and appliances (coffee maker, toaster, and electric kettle). Shower tub, washstand and WC are in the bathroom. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those streets which give the impression of something important is always happening…The numerous pathways and little streets animated by several shops give the neig	This comfortable studio is bright and functional. It is perfectly equipped and offers a high level of comfort. Located in the Bonne Nouvelle neighborhood, you will be close to the Halles, Châtelet and the Grands Boulevards. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of an old building typical of Paris’ central areas, with no elevator. It faces a one-way street. Tiled floor and apparent beams, this studio offers a great setting for your stay. Its two windows overlook a peaceful street. The accommodation has a 160 cm sofa bed, a duo table and storage area. Fully equipped, the kitchen has a fridge, hot plates, a washing machine, a dishwasher, a microwave and appliances (coffee maker, toaster, and electric kettle). Shower tub, washstand and WC are in the bathroom. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those streets which give the impression of something important is always happening…The numerous pathways and little streets animated by several shops give the neig
29317	Notre société gestion d'appartement est heureuse de vous présenter un appartement très charmant Parisien ! Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 adultes, équipé d'une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit double dans le salon. Il est situé dans un quartier très central et animé de Paris. Il vous permettra de vivre une expérience typiquement parisienne! Profitez aussi de sa belle cuisine ouverte sur la salle à manger pour des moments conviviaux! Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment has a home like feeling with a blend of charm and sophistication. It can accomodate upto four adults. There is one bedroom with a double bed and in the living room, one double sofa bed,  With its open plan kitchen on the dining room, you can enjoy convivial moments with friends and family. 	Notre société gestion d'appartement est heureuse de vous présenter un appartement très charmant Parisien ! Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 adultes, équipé d'une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit double dans le salon. Il est situé dans un quartier très central et animé de Paris. Il vous permettra de vivre une expérience typiquement parisienne! Profitez aussi de sa belle cuisine ouverte sur la salle à manger pour des moments conviviaux! Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment has a home like feeling with a blend of charm and sophistication. It can accomodate upto four adults. There is one bedroom with a double bed and in the living room, one double sofa bed,  With its open plan kitchen on the dining room, you can enjoy convivial moments with friends and family. Tout l'appartement est destiné aux voyageurs avec ses équipements tels que la machine à laver séchante. The whole apartment is accessible to the tenants and is well equipped with a kitchen, a washer-dryer machine and 
29318	Amazing 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: MONTORGUEIL. Renovated, with state-of-the art design and technology equipment.  Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: your dream place in Paris!  Everything you need:  In the kitchen,  micro wave, induction hob, kettle, toaster, espresso Nespresso coffee machine, flat iron and ironing board. In the living room, free wifi. In the bathroom: washing machine, dryer. THE GREATEST STREET IN PARIS So, you think you know Paris? There are hundreds of memorable streets and boulevards in the City of Light. It is compact, only 3 blocks long, with a Metro stop on each end. In between you have dozens of the kinds of places that symbolize Parisian culture: cafes, high end restaurants, cheese shops, chocolate shops, wine stores, patisseries, a couple of neighborhood type groceries, all topped with classic Parisian apartment buildings. And, what makes it even more unique, it is a pedestrian-only street.  In fact, this street is just off Les Ha	Really in the heart of Paris. Big studio 36M2(400sq)On the 6 floor(stories)/ 7. In the courtyard, no noise. You are in one's of the most famous pedestrian street of the capital Elevator (lift) on the building and caretaker monday to friday REAL BED Amazing 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: MONTORGUEIL. Renovated, with state-of-the art design and technology equipment.  Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: your dream place in Paris!  Everything you need:  In the kitchen,  micro wave, induction hob, kettle, toaster, espresso Nespresso coffee machine, flat iron and ironing board. In the living room, free wifi. In the bathroom: washing machine, dryer. THE GREATEST STREET IN PARIS So, you think you know Paris? There are hundreds of memorable streets and boulevards in the City of Light. It is compact, only 3 blocks long, with a Metro stop on each end. In between you have dozens of the kinds of places that symbolize Parisian culture: cafes, high end restaurants, cheese shops
29319	What we like most in our flat is the light : as you saw on the pictures, there are a lot of windows, so the flat is very luminous, especially in summer. It is composed of a living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a big parental bed-room with a king sized bed.  There is also a sofa bed in the living room for an additionnal guest. 	"Perfectly situated Flat in the very heart of Paris, in the Montorgueil district (2d arrt). What we like most in our flat is the light : as you saw on the pictures, there are a lot of windows, so the flat is very luminous, especially in summer. It is composed of a living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a big parental bed-room with a king sized bed.  There is also a sofa bed in the living room for an additionnal guest. The flat is on the 5th floor. We are totally in love with our neighborhood. We will be glad to share it's secrets with you and give you the best spots to hang out like a real Parisian. Our flat is situated in the very heart of Paris, in the Montorgueil district (2d arrt).  Our street is a very lively one : we've got a butcher, a fishmonger, a coffee merchant and a greengrocer just at our door (it is called ""Terroirs d'avenir"") : all is organic and de-li-cious.  The Rue du Nil is also knowned for it's great restaurant & wine bar called ""le frenchie"". A must do. We are situa"
29320		Welcome to our newly renovated and decorated 700 square feet apartment! Very centrally located, it has all the amenities you might need for a comfortable stay in Paris.  We want you to feel at home, please contact us with any question.
29321	The flat is all open like a loft and has a living and dining space, open kitchen, half open bathroom, and one bedroom. The kitchen is perfectly equipped, there is air condition and heating (electronical reversible clim), wifi and flat TV in bedroom and living room. Important to mention: the place is quiet! The flat is located in the heart of Paris, 2nd district or arrondissement, between the main sightseeings (20 minutes walking maximum away from Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre Dame, Louvre, Marais).  We are also close to Montorgueil (5 minutes walking), which is the current trendiest place to be, with its pedestrian area (markets and french bakeries), trendy shops and bars like Costes Etienne Marcel that has its famous and trendy gay parties every second sunday. Near the flat, you can catch a metro easily. Around us, we have 4 subway lines (3,4,8,9). Also it is quite easy to go to the Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport by train: 3 metro stations from Gare du Nord which offers you the tra	Our flat is an old sewing atelier in a 18th century building. Polters on 3,30m / 10 ft high ceiling and original stones on a wall make the charm of the place. Decoration is mostly design and trendy. The flat is all open like a loft and has a living and dining space, open kitchen, half open bathroom, and one bedroom. The kitchen is perfectly equipped, there is air condition and heating (electronical reversible clim), wifi and flat TV in bedroom and living room. Important to mention: the place is quiet! The flat is located in the heart of Paris, 2nd district or arrondissement, between the main sightseeings (20 minutes walking maximum away from Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre Dame, Louvre, Marais).  We are also close to Montorgueil (5 minutes walking), which is the current trendiest place to be, with its pedestrian area (markets and french bakeries), trendy shops and bars like Costes Etienne Marcel that has its famous and trendy gay parties every second sunday. Near the flat, you can catch
29322	This former Fashion workshop has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 regular bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe. FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans, …   a dining area with a table for 2   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed for 2 people with a top quality mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a wardrobe to store your clothes & lugages + iron    a bathroom (shower, WC, sink, washer	"    Former Fashion workshop upcycled into a Mini Loft with skylight by parisians designers. On a Cosy/quiet Courtyard. Ideal for 2. Near ""Le Marais"", central , trendy, 10/15min from major touristy attractions. 2 min from metro station.       This former Fashion workshop has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 regular bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe. FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pan"
29323	 This sunny studio apartment with Wi-Fi . It features a wall-mounted TV, polished wooden floors and stylish decor. In separated kitchen you can cook your favorite dishes 	Really cosy flat in the heart of PARIS! There is everything you need! Very closed to many showplaces, next to few lines of metro and bus stops. Shops, markets , famous Parisian bakeries in a step from its!!!  This sunny studio apartment with Wi-Fi . It features a wall-mounted TV, polished wooden floors and stylish decor. In separated kitchen you can cook your favorite dishes  It's an ideal for couples or business people , but can be suitable for family with a child ( there is an extra bed;)) Galeries Lafayette Department Store , Palais Royal are just in 15 minutes walk away. The Eiffel Tower and Arc de Trioumph can be reached within 20 minutes' by Paris Metro.  The surrounding neighbourhood offers a large selection of shops, restaurants and street cafes. Guests will also find several shops and a supermarket nearby, enabling them to stock up on andy basic essentials required during your staying! There are 4!!! metro lines ( line 8, line 9, line 4, line 3 )  are situated very closed to t
29324		Amazing 37m2 flat with full confort and well equipped (Wifi/internet High speed connexion) located in the great center of Paris (10 minutes from the Louvres, the Opera, Beaubourg). 1 minute away from a subway station in Montorgueil.
29325	"Amazing loft in the very trendy area of Strasbourg Saint-Denis. Warm, cosy and atypical, the apartment is perfect for a couple coming to discover the true Paris. Like a hotel suit, this open space apartment has an open kitchen, an open bathroom with a big bath, a bedroom corner with a big double bed and a really nice & cosy living room corner . Located on the iconic rue de Strasbourg Saint-Denis, the flat is on the heart of Paris, in one of the most alive arrondissements of the city.  It possess everything someone would need to pass a good time in Paris:  Situated besides the metro station Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9) and exactly in the middle point between Chatelet and Gare du Nord, the location couldn't be better.  The neighborhood has a very interesting mix between the Paris ""bourgeois"", the artistic ambience and the foreign population, that creates a very cosmopolitan atmosphere.  Experience the real parisian life !"	"Amazing loft in a the very trendy area of Strasbourg St Denis Warm cosy & atypical,this apartment is perfect for a couple coming to discover the true Paris. Amazing loft in the very trendy area of Strasbourg Saint-Denis. Warm, cosy and atypical, the apartment is perfect for a couple coming to discover the true Paris. Like a hotel suit, this open space apartment has an open kitchen, an open bathroom with a big bath, a bedroom corner with a big double bed and a really nice & cosy living room corner . Located on the iconic rue de Strasbourg Saint-Denis, the flat is on the heart of Paris, in one of the most alive arrondissements of the city.  It possess everything someone would need to pass a good time in Paris:  Situated besides the metro station Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9) and exactly in the middle point between Chatelet and Gare du Nord, the location couldn't be better.  The neighborhood has a very interesting mix between the Paris ""bourgeois"", the artistic ambience and th"
29326	Located on the 6th floor (with elevator). Ideal for couples. The apartment has a well furnished living room with sofa bed, flat screen, etc..It also has a bathroom with shower and a kitchen too.	I rent for the holidays, my 2 room apartment in the district of Opera Garnier. Located on the 6th floor (with elevator). Ideal for couples. The apartment has a well furnished living room with sofa bed, flat screen, etc..It also has a bathroom with shower and a kitchen too. - Internet Wifi  - TV et VoD, Canal+, BeIN Sport - Record player 33/45 rpm - Microwave  - etc.. A person will greet you upon arrival and departure. As stated, I rent my apartment because I'm going on vacation. But there will always be a person to contact in case of problems. The apartment is located between the 2nd and the 9th district. For those who do not know Paris is the place to be!! 2min walk from the Opera Garnier and 5min from Boulevard Haussmann and the famous Galeries Lafayette. Between the Grands Boulevards and the Tuileries Gardens. And 5min walk from Place Vendome! Impossible to be bored if you are visiting Paris! For revelers, the area is famous for its pubs and bars; O'Sullivan, Café Oz, etc. And many 
29327	Hi everyone!... I am a researcher in political science, and I have to be in London for the whole of November for my studies. So this is for a one-month rental only, from November 1st until November 30th (although I can be flexible on dates): 1000 € all-included (1200 € for a couple).  This is a very spatious & luminous studio-flat, with separate kitchen. Beautifully furnished & modern. Price all included, with Internet + TV. The flat is on the 4th floor, looking over a very, very quiet courtyard.	Hi everybody!... I'm away from Paris for all of November, so I'm looking for someone friendly to take care of my flat FOR ONE MONTH. It's a very spacious and luminous studio (32 sqm): AMAZING location, beautifully furnished, only 1000 € all-included! Hi everyone!... I am a researcher in political science, and I have to be in London for the whole of November for my studies. So this is for a one-month rental only, from November 1st until November 30th (although I can be flexible on dates): 1000 € all-included (1200 € for a couple).  This is a very spatious & luminous studio-flat, with separate kitchen. Beautifully furnished & modern. Price all included, with Internet + TV. The flat is on the 4th floor, looking over a very, very quiet courtyard. There's TV + Internet, a micro-wave, a little oven, a washing-machine, and the kitchen is fully equipped. There's a bathtub!... (Bathtubs are the best.) The flat is fully furnished, obviously, with a bar/table, a coffee-table, a sofa, a futon bed 
29328	Charming apartment in a typical old parisian building. Idéal for couple. Confortable apartment with equiped kitchen, bathroom with mosaic, luminous and exposed beams... Lovely fitted terrace with view over the roofs of Paris and sunset view. 	Charming apartment in a typical old parisian building. Idéal for couple. Confortable apartment with equiped kitchen, bathroom with mosaic, luminous and exposed beams... Lovely fitted terrace with view over the roofs of Paris and sunset view. access: Metro sentier or Chatelet-les-halles (direct from/to international airport) Velib Station ( Bike station) in my street. Located in the center of Paris, in the famous, historical and animated pedestrian precinct of Montorgueil (at the corner of Montorgueil street), near the Louvres, Notre-dame, Chatelet, Opéra, Champs Elysée... (less than 20 min by foot) Everything is close by, restaurants, shops, cinemas, museums, markets, pubs, nightclubs... access: Metro sentier or Chatelet-les-halles (direct from/to international airport) Velib Station ( Bike station) in my street.
29329	The apartment comfortably sleeps five. Bed linen, towels, throws, fittings and finishes are of the finest. There's a flat screen home theatre system in the lounge, cable TV, dvd, ipod, radio, wifi internet. Dimmer switch lighting throughout. A landline telephone and security wall safe.	A large one-bedroom apartment in the Montorgueil neighborhood. Recently decorated, it's located in a pedestrian only neighborhood with tons of restaurants, grocers and bakeries. The apartment comfortably sleeps five. Bed linen, towels, throws, fittings and finishes are of the finest. There's a flat screen home theatre system in the lounge, cable TV, dvd, ipod, radio, wifi internet. Dimmer switch lighting throughout. A landline telephone and security wall safe. Guests have exclusive access to the entire apartment.  Towels and linen are provided.  Electricity, heating and cleaning costs are included in the price. We are a real estate agency specializing in vacation rentals in Paris. We are available 7 days a week and often at night. You can contact us any time if you have questions or problems before or during your stay Step outside, and you're in Quartier Montrogueil, the jewel of Paris. Montorgueil is in the heart of the city and is the walking district of Paris. This is Paris village 
29330	Vaste et lumineux 2 pièces de 45 m2 situé au 5ème étage sans ascenceur, l'appartement se compose d'une salle de douche avec WC et lave-linge, d'une cuisine équipée pour cuisiner (cuisinière à gaz moderne avec four), d'un vaste salon salle à manger dont les 2 grandes fenêtres donnent sur un balcon et équipé, notamment, d'un canapé-lit deux places; d'une agréable chambre donnant sur cour et équipée d'un grand lit double. Toutes les pièces sont lumineuses (double exposition Est: chambre, cuisine, salle de douche et Ouest pour le salon-salle à manger). L'appartement est ancien avec beaucoup de charme (parquet ancien non vitrifié, moulures, cheminées, grande hauteur sous plafond), voisinage calme, chambre calme. Vous apprécierez les volumes, la lumière et la localisation extrêmement centrale de l'appartement. Tous les biens sont mis à votre disposition, consultables, vous saurez en prendre soin (livres et musique). A 2 pas du quartier Montorgueil et de ses excellents commerces de bouche. Ma	Situé à 3 min. du quartier Montorgueil, face quartier historique du  Marais et Centre Pompidou, plein coeur de Paris, 10 min. à pieds de Notre Dame et quartier latin, 2pièces haussmanien agréable et lumineux avec balcon. Métros 4, 3, 11, 14 et RER. Vaste et lumineux 2 pièces de 45 m2 situé au 5ème étage sans ascenceur, l'appartement se compose d'une salle de douche avec WC et lave-linge, d'une cuisine équipée pour cuisiner (cuisinière à gaz moderne avec four), d'un vaste salon salle à manger dont les 2 grandes fenêtres donnent sur un balcon et équipé, notamment, d'un canapé-lit deux places; d'une agréable chambre donnant sur cour et équipée d'un grand lit double. Toutes les pièces sont lumineuses (double exposition Est: chambre, cuisine, salle de douche et Ouest pour le salon-salle à manger). L'appartement est ancien avec beaucoup de charme (parquet ancien non vitrifié, moulures, cheminées, grande hauteur sous plafond), voisinage calme, chambre calme. Vous apprécierez les volumes, la l
29331	This 55 square meters 2 bedroom duplex apartment is located on rue Saint-Joseph in the 2nd district of Paris, close to the rue Montorgueil and Opera. It proposes a living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, an equipped separate kitchen (without door) and separate toilets. It offers all quality services to welcome 4 people. The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator (thank you note you have to climb a few steps up the stairs).  Equipment of the apartment at your disposal: internet access with cable or WiFi, TV with international channels, kettle, freezer, hob, refrigerator, microwave, oven, toaster, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee, wooden floor, iron, ironing board, clothes horse, linen, sheets and towels, towels,  vacuum digicode, intercom, electric heating, no smoking. living/dining room with a surface of 16 sqm - 172 sqft, and has a window facing Northeast. Equipped with: a sofa , 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, wooden floor, table, coffee table. the bedroom 1 With a 	This 55 square meters 2 bedroom apartment is located on rue Saint-Joseph in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, close to the rue Montorgueil.           This 55 square meters 2 bedroom duplex apartment is located on rue Saint-Joseph in the 2nd district of Paris, close to the rue Montorgueil and Opera. It proposes a living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, an equipped separate kitchen (without door) and separate toilets. It offers all quality services to welcome 4 people. The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator (thank you note you have to climb a few steps up the stairs).  Equipment of the apartment at your disposal: internet access with cable or WiFi, TV with international channels, kettle, freezer, hob, refrigerator, microwave, oven, toaster, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee, wooden floor, iron, ironing board, clothes horse, linen, sheets and towels, towels,  vacuum digicode, intercom, electric heating, no smoking. living/dining room with a surface of 16 sqm -
29332		Located in a building from the 40s, this apartment is 120 sq. meters, with an incredibly large and luxury Art Deco style living/dining room. 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, large kitchen, located next to the Bourse, walking distance to the Louvre.
29333	Hello, Beautiful flat  of 70m2 situated in the 2nd district of Paris near the Grand Boulevard / Louvres Rivoli, Opera Garnier..  Ideal localization in Paris : 5 subway lines aside (line 3,7,8,9, RER A) and Bright all day long!!  Apartment with all acommodations : one room (chambers), a lounge with bed room , a kitchen, a bathroom.  NB : Wifi and numerical plasma TV 	Beautiful flat  of 70m2 situated in the 2nd district of Paris near the Grand Boulevard / Louvres Rivoli, Opera Garnier/ Galeries Lafayette. Ideal localization in Paris : 5 subway lines aside. Apartment with all acommodations (2 bedroom)-Very Nice Hello, Beautiful flat  of 70m2 situated in the 2nd district of Paris near the Grand Boulevard / Louvres Rivoli, Opera Garnier..  Ideal localization in Paris : 5 subway lines aside (line 3,7,8,9, RER A) and Bright all day long!!  Apartment with all acommodations : one room (chambers), a lounge with bed room , a kitchen, a bathroom.  NB : Wifi and numerical plasma TV All, no restrictions Yes, i am available to help you to prepare your visit. I can reserve a taxi to take you at airport. I can reserve a map of paris and metro. I can also propose one guide to help you but is fee Great district with many goods restaurants, bars and places to go out in the evening. (email hidden) walking from the Galleries Lafayette and of numerous shops, it is ideal
29334	Charming appartment located Montorgeuil Corner, very famous for the food and the market. This flat is perfect for three people. One bedroom (1 bed), a living room (+ 1 air bed) , Kitchen, a bathroom , the kitchen is fully equiped WIFI, TV, DVD player etc.. The Montorgueil area is the perfect place to enjoy Paris. Very central, you will be at a short walk from many important places like les Grands Boulevards and clubs and théâtres, The Pompidou center, Les Halles, the wonderful quartier le Marais, the Palais Royal, the famous shopping street Rivoli, and so much other places and monuments... The pedestrian area that surrounds the apartment abonds with restaurants, cafés and bars. The rue de Montorgueil offers you all the commodities like supermarkets and typical french shops you dream of : delicatessens, cheese shops, win shops, butchers, fish shops.... And you will love its cosy and lively terrasses. You just need to bring yourself and enjoy your stay :)	Charming appartment located Montorgeuil Corner, very famous for the food and the market. This flat is perfect for three people. One bedroom (1 bed), a living room (+ 1 air bed) , Kitchen, a bathroom , the kitchen is fully equiped WIFI, TV, DVD player etc.. The Montorgueil area is the perfect place to enjoy Paris. Very central, you will be at a short walk from many important places like les Grands Boulevards and clubs and théâtres, The Pompidou center, Les Halles, the wonderful quartier le Marais, the Palais Royal, the famous shopping street Rivoli, and so much other places and monuments... The pedestrian area that surrounds the apartment abonds with restaurants, cafés and bars. The rue de Montorgueil offers you all the commodities like supermarkets and typical french shops you dream of : delicatessens, cheese shops, win shops, butchers, fish shops.... And you will love its cosy and lively terrasses. You just need to bring yourself and enjoy your stay :) Late check in fee after 9pm: 30 
29335	- A wine bottle offered to your arrived; - WiFi access; - TV (full of inclusive chains (channels)); - A small document with essential information and exclusive advices on the district and Paris generally; - The check-in and the check-out are flexible The accommodation(housing): - Peace: the window gives onto a very quiet court;  - Clean;  - Ideal for the romantic stays / professional / tourist; - Completely equipped: A) Kitchen: all the essential utensils; B) Bathroom: towels / Hairdryer; C) Room: flies in the cupboard to tidy up your things; sofa bed with clean sheets; two guide of Paris (in French and in Italian).	You will be in the best place in Paris! The studio is situated near of full of tourist attractions: Pompidou,  Notre-Dame,  Sorbonne, Louvre... You will also be very close to the areas where the night-life is very good! - A wine bottle offered to your arrived; - WiFi access; - TV (full of inclusive chains (channels)); - A small document with essential information and exclusive advices on the district and Paris generally; - The check-in and the check-out are flexible The accommodation(housing): - Peace: the window gives onto a very quiet court;  - Clean;  - Ideal for the romantic stays / professional / tourist; - Completely equipped: A) Kitchen: all the essential utensils; B) Bathroom: towels / Hairdryer; C) Room: flies in the cupboard to tidy up your things; sofa bed with clean sheets; two guide of Paris (in French and in Italian). Very easy access (do not hesitate to contact me to know how to arrive at the apartment); There are 7 subway lines unless 5 minutes (three in 2/3 minutes). B
29336	The room is private, rustic and arty. The bed is a double bed (could host two people) and we have a spare matress if you need one. The appartment, very old, has a nice rustic feel. However, it has a DIY feel (bathroom and kitchen could be improved).  The building is rented by students, which makes it living and welcoming. Parties are a thing.	I am renting my room (with a double bed) in a three bedroom appartment in the center. My two roomates will be here, and they are adorable.  The style of the appartment is rustic and DIYish and the building is full of students, welcoming and lively. The room is private, rustic and arty. The bed is a double bed (could host two people) and we have a spare matress if you need one. The appartment, very old, has a nice rustic feel. However, it has a DIY feel (bathroom and kitchen could be improved).  The building is rented by students, which makes it living and welcoming. Parties are a thing. The room. The kitchen. The bathroom. The common area. Even the wifi (awesome, right?). My roomates rooms are not accessible (unless you ask them of course) I will give you my number and my email. Call me anytime. Or not. Whichever suits you best. This is where shit is getting serious.  The Sentier neigborhood is fantastic.  First, its location is optimal : you are in the center of Paris' action. Wanna g
29337	A really cosy studio typical parisian. As an hotel you will only have to drop your luggage. Everything you need will be provided. The area will offer you the best fresh fruit and veggies market, typical cheese store, delicious bakeries (smell comes inside the stairs of the building miam!!).	very charming studio in montorgueil walking area fully equipped with everything you need. Very close to Louvres Museum and Opera area. The walking street will offer you all the fresh fruit market, vegetable,fish and cheese!!  A really cosy studio typical parisian. As an hotel you will only have to drop your luggage. Everything you need will be provided. The area will offer you the best fresh fruit and veggies market, typical cheese store, delicious bakeries (smell comes inside the stairs of the building miam!!). 15 minutes walk from Le Marais area, 15min walk from Louvres Museum. Cathedral Notre Dame 10 minutes by metro. The aera is really lovely. It is very nice to be in such busy city and live in a walking street area with no cars. Good restaurants all prices and nice bars around. You will feel like living in a small village beeing in one of the most beautiful city in the world. Many metro station around. Ligne 3 Sentier to reach Opera in 5min or Galerie Lafayette department store, R
29338	This two rooms of 40 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, 2 steps from the Rue Montorgueil renowned for its food market and its many bars and restaurants, covered passages typically Parisian leading to the Palace Royal's gardens, the Louvre and the Seine. The apartment is very quiet and comfortable. The decoration was revisited in a loft spirit. The apartment sleeps up to 4 people. (Queen size bed 160 cm and 1 extra sofa bed mainly recommended for children). It also offers all the latest technologies (flat screen TV, WIFI access) It also offers a Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle with a selection of teas and capsules Nespresso for you to prepare a snack on arrival. Side bathroom, a walk-in shower, hair dryer, towels, bath towels and toiletries (shampoo, shower gel and body lotion). Everything has been designed to make your stay in Paris an exceptional moment of relaxation.	Located in the center of Paris in the 2nd district, close to the Royal Palace and the Louvre, this charming apartment, is ideal for 1 couple with children, and suitable for all those looking for a place quiet, practical and comfortable. This two rooms of 40 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, 2 steps from the Rue Montorgueil renowned for its food market and its many bars and restaurants, covered passages typically Parisian leading to the Palace Royal's gardens, the Louvre and the Seine. The apartment is very quiet and comfortable. The decoration was revisited in a loft spirit. The apartment sleeps up to 4 people. (Queen size bed 160 cm and 1 extra sofa bed mainly recommended for children). It also offers all the latest technologies (flat screen TV, WIFI access) It also offers a Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle with a selection of teas and capsules Nespresso for you to prepare a snack on arrival. Side bathroom, a walk-in shower, hair dryer, towels, bath towels 
29339	This wonderful apartment has two floors with a balcony on each, view on the St Eustache church, a late-Gothic masterpiece - from either. Inside the esthetic reflects an appreciation for centuries past, with exposed brick and stonework. Head up to the top floor and you get a nice sloping roof and a bright living area. The result is a memorable apartment.  The rental is also perfect, near Paris ancient markets (Les Halles) and the beginning of rue Montorgueil nearby. Everything is a short walk away: the Seine and the city island, Beaubourg, the Louvre, the Marais area... wonderful  On the FIRST FLOOR: living room (with SOFA BED) is like a loft  The (45 m 2) with a Matress, and 4 automatic glass roofs. There are also 3 English window/doors and 2 windows.  Big table 2.5 m  Modern kitchen fully equipped: oven, micro-wave, dish washer, ceramic flat, RANGE HOOD, Nespresso machine, toaster, fridge, freezer...  Tv with cable, dvd player, BOSE hi-fi stereo, Iphone/Pod (website hidden) in all apa	This wonderful apartment has two floors with a balcony on each, view on the St Eustache church, a late-Gothic masterpiece - from either. Inside the esthetic reflects an appreciation for centuries past, with exposed brick and stonework. This wonderful apartment has two floors with a balcony on each, view on the St Eustache church, a late-Gothic masterpiece - from either. Inside the esthetic reflects an appreciation for centuries past, with exposed brick and stonework. Head up to the top floor and you get a nice sloping roof and a bright living area. The result is a memorable apartment.  The rental is also perfect, near Paris ancient markets (Les Halles) and the beginning of rue Montorgueil nearby. Everything is a short walk away: the Seine and the city island, Beaubourg, the Louvre, the Marais area... wonderful  On the FIRST FLOOR: living room (with SOFA BED) is like a loft  The (45 m 2) with a Matress, and 4 automatic glass roofs. There are also 3 English window/doors and 2 windows.  B
29340	• A superb and tastefully decorated apartment, a stones throw from the Louvre Museum This gorgeous newly renovated two bedroom apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, only a short walk from the Louvre Museum. It is an ideal spot for families, friends, or couples travelling together who want to experience authentic Parisian-style living. The apartment is located on a 3rd French floor. Please note that there is NO elevator. This chic and spacious apartment has two bedrooms, one with a king bed and the other with a double bed, two bathrooms (one with a bathtub and American shower and the other with American shower and two separate toilets), a huge living room, and a large fully equipped kitchen opening out onto an inviting living room. The apartment is located in an old traditional Parisian building, and benefits from lots of natural light. The beautiful and classically Parisian 'Parquet de Versailles' wooden flooring accentuates the elegance and grandness of the rooms. To en	At a short walk from the world famous Louvre Museum, this gorgeous 2 bedroom - 2 bathroom apartment (135 square meters - 1453 square feet), is perfectly located to enjoy the fashion boutiques, galleries, traditional market streets and restaurants. • A superb and tastefully decorated apartment, a stones throw from the Louvre Museum This gorgeous newly renovated two bedroom apartment is situated in the heart of central Paris, only a short walk from the Louvre Museum. It is an ideal spot for families, friends, or couples travelling together who want to experience authentic Parisian-style living. The apartment is located on a 3rd French floor. Please note that there is NO elevator. This chic and spacious apartment has two bedrooms, one with a king bed and the other with a double bed, two bathrooms (one with a bathtub and American shower and the other with American shower and two separate toilets), a huge living room, and a large fully equipped kitchen opening out onto an inviting living ro
29341		belle chambre loft de 45m² très haut de plafond, très fraîche l'été  avec  salle de bain,  frigo ,  l'appartement est situé dans un quartier très animé de paris , prés du métro  , a 10mn a pieds de tout les beaux endroits  parisiens ,,,,,
29342		Charmant 2 pièces de 25m² situé en plein Paris à 5min de la rue Montorgueil. Idéal pour un couple désirant découvrir la capitale. Très bien desservi par les transports en communs (bus et métro). 
29343	This is a stunning modern apartment full of character in the very heart of Paris. Situated on the 3rd floor of a classic Parisian stone building, it is exposed to the east side which faces a quaint pedestrianised street, and on the west the outlook is over the interior courtyard, so the whole feel of the space is bright and peaceful. There are paintings to admire in the corridors between the floors as this co-ownership building is very friendly and safe. The apartment has been recently renovated in loft-style. It is original, charming and offers a lovely, warm décor, quality furnishings with wood beams and flooring. It is a spacious 51sqm and comprises all the modern comforts one needs for a quality stay. Apartment lay-out: -A long corridor with a fully fitted and furnished American-style kitchen which is bright thanks to it’s 2 large south eastern facing windows. The kitchen is well thought out and equipped with all the necessities of modern comfort; microwave, dishwasher, fridge, hot	This loft is THE perfect choice for travelers seeking a quality flat, in a district that has one of the highest concentrations of tourist sights in the city, all just at his hand! This is a stunning modern apartment full of character in the very heart of Paris. Situated on the 3rd floor of a classic Parisian stone building, it is exposed to the east side which faces a quaint pedestrianised street, and on the west the outlook is over the interior courtyard, so the whole feel of the space is bright and peaceful. There are paintings to admire in the corridors between the floors as this co-ownership building is very friendly and safe. The apartment has been recently renovated in loft-style. It is original, charming and offers a lovely, warm décor, quality furnishings with wood beams and flooring. It is a spacious 51sqm and comprises all the modern comforts one needs for a quality stay. Apartment lay-out: -A long corridor with a fully fitted and furnished American-style kitchen which is bri
29344	Accommodation of 40 m² completely renovated in June 2015, and equipped, located  in an old building dating from 1880. Traditional typical of old Paris, built with wood beams. Ideally located in the very center of Paris, you can access to all services and to the most historic monuments in 10 minutes by foot. Sector very well attended. The flat :Friendly restoration withoui traditional materials: antique terracotta floor tiles, walls and ceilings redone in plaster of Paris. Detail of the apartment: security door with three closing points, entrance hall with storage. Kitchen fully equipped with everything needed to cook (electric plates four fires), living room-dining room. One bedroom in a separate room, overlooking a quiet courtyard with double glazed window with a small library and storage for clothes. Double bed futon in top quality natural cotton. Sleeping firm on slatted frame. Possibility of an extra bed for a third person. Bathroom with sink, toilet, bathtub, equipped with storage	Accommodation of 40 m² completely renovated in June 2015, and equipped, located  in an old building dating from 1880. Traditional typical of old Paris, built with wood beams. Ideally located in the very center of Paris, you can access to all services and to the most historic monuments in 10 minutes by foot. Sector very well attended. The flat :Friendly restoration withoui traditional materials: antique terracotta floor tiles, walls and ceilings redone in plaster of Paris. Detail of the apartment: security door with three closing points, entrance hall with storage. Kitchen fully equipped with everything needed to cook (electric plates four fires), living room-dining room. One bedroom in a separate room, overlooking a quiet courtyard with double glazed window with a small library and storage for clothes. Double bed futon in top quality natural cotton. Sleeping firm on slatted frame. Possibility of an extra bed for a third person. Bathroom with sink, toilet, bathtub, equipped with storage
29345		Coquet appartement situé à 10 mètres du Palais Royal et son fabuleux jardin. Avec une chambre accessible par un escalier en colimaçon. Une vue sur les toits de Paris. Vous serez à 5 minutes à pied du musée du Louvre. De nombreux très bon restaurants.
29346	Recently renovated to the highest standards, the apartment has been designed for maximum comfort and relaxation. The look is modern and open with special touches including exposed beams and parquet floor, which add both charm and cachet to the place.	Newly renovated spacious apartment in the heart of the Chic and Trendy Paris: Fashion, History, Food and Art are all at your doorstep! The apartment has been designed for maximum comfort & relaxation, a modern touch in an authentic & charming place! Recently renovated to the highest standards, the apartment has been designed for maximum comfort and relaxation. The look is modern and open with special touches including exposed beams and parquet floor, which add both charm and cachet to the place. Guests will have access to all the amenities in he apartment (fully equipped kitchen a washing/dryer machine, Cable TV, Internet and Telephone). I am available and will be able to respond ASAP to any request or question. I respond to SMS or call in less than 10 minutes! This part of the 2nd arrondissement (district) is one of the oldest areas of the city that has recently evolved into the Parisian trend headquarters for fashion, cuisine, art and theater. This is a very safe area of the city at 
29347	"Grand Appartement 80 m2 au calme dans un quartier animé au pied de la place de l'opéra des Grands Boulevards et du Louvre ; au 2 eme étage avec ascenseur Dans un immeuble haussmannien classé  exposé plein sud sur cour sécurisé porte blindée accès par badge , hauteur sous plafond 3,8 mètres avec grandes fenêtres , un séjour de 45 m2 tout équipé avec 2 canapés lit 2 places , 6 chaises et table pliante ; 2 TV plasma 32"" , décodeur numéricable 280 chaînes , internet wifi, ordinateur et imprimante , bureau , piano , chambre avec lit deux places  nombreux rangements ,cuisine semi ouverte tout équipée avec four , microonde , plaques a induction,  réfrigérateur avec freezer et hotte aspirante , machine à café Nespresso lave vaisselle , salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparé et lave main . Linge draps couvertures et vaisselles fournis  Un coin buanderie avec machine à laver le linge , et chauffe-eau électrique , table repassage et fer à repasser , chauffage par radiateur électrique par inert"	"Grand Appartement 80 m2 au calme dans un quartier animé au pied de la place de l'opéra des Grands Boulevards du Louvre ; 2 eme étage avec ascenseur Dans un immeuble haussmannien classé  exposé plein sud sur cour sécurisé porte blindée , grand séjour ,2 canapés convertibles , chambre avec lit  2 places Grand Appartement 80 m2 au calme dans un quartier animé au pied de la place de l'opéra des Grands Boulevards et du Louvre ; au 2 eme étage avec ascenseur Dans un immeuble haussmannien classé  exposé plein sud sur cour sécurisé porte blindée accès par badge , hauteur sous plafond 3,8 mètres avec grandes fenêtres , un séjour de 45 m2 tout équipé avec 2 canapés lit 2 places , 6 chaises et table pliante ; 2 TV plasma 32"" , décodeur numéricable 280 chaînes , internet wifi, ordinateur et imprimante , bureau , piano , chambre avec lit deux places  nombreux rangements ,cuisine semi ouverte tout équipée avec four , microonde , plaques a induction,  réfrigérateur avec freezer et hotte aspirante , m"
29348	- The neighborhood is magical - The room is very big, bright and high-ceilinged, one can breathe ! a luxury for Paris where everybody's squeezed. - The appartement is of interior design in an old building. - 1st floor, going in and out of the apartment is very quick and easy. It makes you want to go out and discover the city of the lights. 	Very nice Big studio 40 m2  - 1 min by foot from métro RER Les Halles - old, interior design - 1st floor - Very large windows 2.20 m - highceilinged 3.20 m - Projector (TV, films) Kitchen: Dishwasher, Oven, microW Bathroom: Washing-Mach. - The neighborhood is magical - The room is very big, bright and high-ceilinged, one can breathe ! a luxury for Paris where everybody's squeezed. - The appartement is of interior design in an old building. - 1st floor, going in and out of the apartment is very quick and easy. It makes you want to go out and discover the city of the lights. - One can sleep up to 5 people (Grand Lit design for 2 people 160cm, Sofa Bed 2 people and sofa Bed lit 1 person) comfortably - Freebox / Wifi / laser printer - TV Projecteur, Paperboard - Big closet at your disposal. - 2 sofas, 2 armchairs, folding chairs - Big table - piano, guitars, djembe - washing machine, vacuum, steam broom - dishwasher, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, induction hobs, kettle, toaster. We wil
29349	This loft is on the ground floor in an courtyard of a 4 buildings property (no step from the street). It is very quiet and very central. The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier (2nd district), it is very near Montorgueil area (5min.walk), le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin (10 min walk). You can easily walk to Montorgueil street and it's restaurants and bars, Pompidou museum, shoping areas, many theaters, Grevin wax mueum, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre, and much more... The apartment is 48sqm and is perfect for a couple. It includes: - open kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave, US fridge, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, toaster...) - living room with big sofa and 2 seats, wide screen TV (many international chanels) - sleeping corner with hide-a-bed sofa (for  reservations with MORE THAN 2 PEOPLE  only) - table with 4 chairs - comfortable bedroom with queen size bed (160cm)  - modern bathroom with blow dryer, washing machine an	This loft is very quiet and very central. The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier, it is very near Montorgueil area, le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin. This loft is on the ground floor in an courtyard of a 4 buildings property (no step from the street). It is very quiet and very central. The apartment was renovated with modern and design style. Located in the area of le Sentier (2nd district), it is very near Montorgueil area (5min.walk), le Marrais and Canal Saint Martin (10 min walk). You can easily walk to Montorgueil street and it's restaurants and bars, Pompidou museum, shoping areas, many theaters, Grevin wax mueum, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre, and much more... The apartment is 48sqm and is perfect for a couple. It includes: - open kitchen fully equiped (oven, microwave, US fridge, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, toaster...) - living room with big sofa and 2 seats, wide screen TV (many international chanels) - sleeping 
29350	It's HOBBIT appartement, so not for the TALL people (more than 185, take care!!!)	Great location in the centre of Paris with good security and convinience. 40 m² studio can host 4 persons with a double bed and  another sofa-bed. Kitchen well equipemented. Nearby, great atmosphere in bars, restaurants, art centres... It's HOBBIT appartement, so not for the TALL people (more than 185, take care!!!)
29351	Charming, spacious and bright 3-room-apartement (80m2/860ft2) in the heart of Paris in a real parisian building (Haussmann-Style). The apartment is on the 5th floor, under the roof. There is a spacious living room (30m2/320ft2), a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, juicer, washing machine (no dishwasher, no dryer), one little bedroom (14m2/150ft2) with a bed (160x200cm) and direct access to a little terrace with lots of plants and another bedroom (20m2/215ft2) with two single beds.  You watch movies, TV or Youtube via Home cinema system (projector and big screen). Wifi, hair dryer, towels, sheets, an iron and an ironing board are provided.  For information: There is an elevator on the first floor hat brings you up to the fifth floor. From the ground floor to the 1st floor you have to take the stairs.  In summer months it can be quite warm in the apartment as it is under the roof. There is no air-conditioning, but there are fans. By opening the windows you get a n	Spacious, bright flat (80m2) in the heart of Paris within walking distance to the Louvre, Palais Royale, Jardin de Tuileries and Lafayette/Printemps (Shopping). The apartment is located near Opera (in the direction of the Louvre.) Charming, spacious and bright 3-room-apartement (80m2/860ft2) in the heart of Paris in a real parisian building (Haussmann-Style). The apartment is on the 5th floor, under the roof. There is a spacious living room (30m2/320ft2), a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, juicer, washing machine (no dishwasher, no dryer), one little bedroom (14m2/150ft2) with a bed (160x200cm) and direct access to a little terrace with lots of plants and another bedroom (20m2/215ft2) with two single beds.  You watch movies, TV or Youtube via Home cinema system (projector and big screen). Wifi, hair dryer, towels, sheets, an iron and an ironing board are provided.  For information: There is an elevator on the first floor hat brings you up to the fifth floor. Fr
29352	The apartment is small but practical, very well located. Room with a very comfortable bed. It is ideal for one person or a couple. L'appartement est petit mais pratique, très bien situé. Chambre avec un grand lit très confortable. Il est idéal pour une personne ou un couple.	This studio of 18m ², clean and functional, is ideally located in the center of Paris, close to Les Halles, Beaubourg, The Musee Grevin Studio de 18m², propre et fonctionnel, situé au centre de Paris, à deux pas des Halles, Beaubourg, Musée Grévin The apartment is small but practical, very well located. Room with a very comfortable bed. It is ideal for one person or a couple. L'appartement est petit mais pratique, très bien situé. Chambre avec un grand lit très confortable. Il est idéal pour une personne ou un couple. Double bed. Kitchen with two hotplates new, small fridge. A large desk, internet connection or wifi on a somewhat slow PC. An electric (website hidden) with Freeview. Very hot shower! Grand lit. Cuisine avec deux plaques de cuisson neuves, petit frigo. Un grand bureau, connexion internet en wifi ou sur un PC un peu lent. Un chauffage électrique. Télévision avec TNT. Douche très chaude! I will be there to present the apartment and the neighborhood. Available by phone if ne
29353	This is a shared apartment with me. There are two rooms in the apartment, one of them will be yours (with double bed so it’s fine for a couple as well). There is also a balcony which is great to enjoy the good Parisian weather right now :) A 10 minute walk to the Louvre, the Opera and the Seine next to the buzzy pedestrian market st, Rue Montorgueil (with a lot of nice restaurants, bars).  Of course the apartment includes the living room, kitchen, bathroom. All linens and towels are provided and free wi fi/heating etc. The apartment is on the 5th floor (there is a lift) of a typically Parisian style building, is super quiet. I’ve travelled a lot in my life and enjoy meeting new people, so for me it’s a pleasure to welcome travelers in my apartment. Conditions : No pets allowed  Smoking allowed only on the balcony.  Guests will have access to everything in the flat from bathroom, toilet, kitchen appliances, quality linens and towels, free wi fi throughout, tv and landline to landline ca	This is a shared apartment with me. There are two rooms in the apartment, one of them will be yours (with double bed so it’s fine for a couple as well). There is also a balcony which is great to enjoy the good Parisian weather right now :) A 10 minut This is a shared apartment with me. There are two rooms in the apartment, one of them will be yours (with double bed so it’s fine for a couple as well). There is also a balcony which is great to enjoy the good Parisian weather right now :) A 10 minute walk to the Louvre, the Opera and the Seine next to the buzzy pedestrian market st, Rue Montorgueil (with a lot of nice restaurants, bars).  Of course the apartment includes the living room, kitchen, bathroom. All linens and towels are provided and free wi fi/heating etc. The apartment is on the 5th floor (there is a lift) of a typically Parisian style building, is super quiet. I’ve travelled a lot in my life and enjoy meeting new people, so for me it’s a pleasure to welcome travelers in my a
29354	A magnificent one bedroom apartment in the Hotel de Jean de Bastide, a historically listed monument from 1650. A noble courtyard leads you to Alexander Apartment on the 2nd floor. Inside, step into an oasis of tranquility: exposed beams, high ceilings, lace, chiffon and velvet Parisian drapes. Light, serene and beautifully decorated with antiques. 	A magnificent one bedroom apartment in the Hotel de Jean de Bastide, a historically listed monument from 1650. The apartment comfortably sleeps five. Bed linen, towels, throws, fittings and finishes are of the finest. A magnificent one bedroom apartment in the Hotel de Jean de Bastide, a historically listed monument from 1650. A noble courtyard leads you to Alexander Apartment on the 2nd floor. Inside, step into an oasis of tranquility: exposed beams, high ceilings, lace, chiffon and velvet Parisian drapes. Light, serene and beautifully decorated with antiques. The apartment comfortably sleeps five. Bed linen, towels, throws, fittings and finishes are of the finest. There’s a flat screen home theatre system in the lounge, cable TV, dvd, ipod, radio, wifi internet. Dimmer switch lighting throughout. A landline telephone and security wall safe.The Italian marble bathroom includes heated towel rails, hairdryer, a separate shower and Jacuzzi bathtub with handset shower, toilet and handwash
29355	"Great location for this 42 s meters one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris - 2ème arrondissement- near the famost street in Paris : Rue Montorgueil Located in the Trendy ""Rue Saint-Denis"" district - PARIS 2eme - METRO: SENTIER or REAUMUR SEBASTOPOL line 3 or 4  New, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris, in the second arrondissement, in a neighborhood peacefull but full of bistros, pubs and shopping !!  Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. The apartment is on the 3rd floor (no elevator) in a typical parisian building but totally redone Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with brand new High Quality Double bed 160 with storage, 1 leaving room, new plasma TV, wifi, 1 new full kitchen with washing machine for clothes, cooking placque, ustensils, boiled water machine, Tea machine etc all the comfort you need.  PRIVATE BATHROOM  & WC  "	"Great location for this 48 s meters one bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris - 3ème arrondissement- near ""Le Centre George Pompidou"", in a typical parisian building. IT IS MY NEW APARTMENT"
29356	At short walking distance from the Tuileries gardens, the Louvre, the Palais-Royal and the Opera, located precisely rue St Anne in the 1st district, this charming 27m2 studio with two lovely balconies overlooking the roofs of Paris is an ideal nest for a couple visiting the city, or someone traveling alone. Quiet and sunny, this studio has all you need for a comfortable stay from cable TV to a washing machine, and wifi. 	At short walking distance from the Tuileries gardens, the Louvre, the Palais-Royal and the Opera, located precisely rue St Anne in the 1st district, this charming 27m2 studio with two lovely balconies overlooking the roofs of Paris is an ideal nest for a couple visiting the city, or someone traveling alone. Quiet and sunny, this studio has all you need for a comfortable stay from cable TV to a washing machine, and wifi. 
29357	Chambre sous les toits de Paris, très bien placée dans un appartement duplex, tout prés du métro Opéra et de l'arrivée du Roissy bus. 	Chambre dans un appartement duplex à Opéra au centre de paris, avec ascenseur. Accès Internet WiFi dans la chambre, 2 salles de bain et possibilité d'utiliser la cuisine.  métros : Opéra, Roissybus (pour l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle). Chambre sous les toits de Paris, très bien placée dans un appartement duplex, tout prés du métro Opéra et de l'arrivée du Roissy bus.  Acces libre a la cuisine et aux 2 salles de bain. Tout !,  l'avenue de l'Opera, le jardin des tuileries,le Palais Royal, la Bourse .... A 5 minutes a pieds du metro Opera 
29358	// A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS	// 1 ROOM IN A 5-ROOM SHARED HAUSSMANNIEN PARISIAN FLAT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT - MONTORGEUIL/SAINT-DENIS/SENTIER/BONNE-NOUVELLE)  + ON THE GO MOBILE INTERNET SIM CARD INCLUDED // A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS // 1 FURNISHED ROOM IN A 5-ROOM FLAT SHARING APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT) // HUGE LIVING-ROOM WITH A PROJECTOR AS A TV // FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN WITH DISHWASHER  // 2 BATHROOMS WITH WASHING MACHINE  // 1 TOILET 7 days / 7 L’OASIS D’ABOUKIR > Metro/Subway station - Ligne 3 : Sentier  - Ligne 4 : Réaumur  - Ligne 8 et 9 : Bonne Nouvelle  - Ligne 1 : Louvre-Rivoli  > Bus stop - Bus 20 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 29 - Etienne Marcel - Montmartre - Bus 39 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 67 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 74 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 85 - Réaumur/Montmartre THE place to be downtown in Paris
29359	Studio en duplex sous les toits - poutres apparentes, sur cour, très calme	Studio en duplex de 35m2, sous les toits, plein de charme - petit nid sur les grands boulevards au coeur de Paris. 6ème étage, ascenseur, sur cour, très calme. Studio en duplex sous les toits - poutres apparentes, sur cour, très calme L'appartement entier est à votre disposition (une chambre avec lit double - un salon avec un canapé lit au besoin). Etant pour le mois d'aout dans le sud, c'est une amie qui accueille les voyageurs. Le quartier Bonne nouvelle, sur les grands boulevards, très vivant, festif, à deux pas de l'opéra Garnier. Situé à Bonne Nouvelle, métro 8 et 9, à trois minutes du métro 4 - à 10 minutes de la gare du nord et des Halles, très central. 
29360	What makes our place unique? Well, let's get through it together! -Its location: Our apartment sits in the montorgueil area, a very Parisian and lively street, with lots of shops. It is therefore a stone throw away from most of the Paris landmarks!  A 10 minutes walk can get you to the Opera de Paris, Le Louvre museum and the Tuileries garden, the Palais Royal Garden, the Centre Pompidou, the famous place vendome and its exclusive jewelers. Want to do some shopping? You are in for a treat! The Faubourg Saint Honore street, and its high end exclusive shops, the Gallery Lafayette and the Printemps are all very close from our place! Finally, a 10 minutes bus ride will take you to Montmartre, the Marais or Saint Germain des Près. So what is missing? The eiffel tower maybe? Then Champs Elysées? But these are quickly reachable by one of the many metro lines - 1,3,4,7,8,9 - and bus lines surrounding the house. -Its street: Being so central does not come necessarily with noises! our place is i	Our charming 60sqM appartment in the heart of Paris can house 3 guests comfortably Our place is located very close to the Opera, as well as the Montorgueil street. Very good connections to every area of Paris with metro line 1-3-7-8 and 9 nearby! What makes our place unique? Well, let's get through it together! -Its location: Our apartment sits in the montorgueil area, a very Parisian and lively street, with lots of shops. It is therefore a stone throw away from most of the Paris landmarks!  A 10 minutes walk can get you to the Opera de Paris, Le Louvre museum and the Tuileries garden, the Palais Royal Garden, the Centre Pompidou, the famous place vendome and its exclusive jewelers. Want to do some shopping? You are in for a treat! The Faubourg Saint Honore street, and its high end exclusive shops, the Gallery Lafayette and the Printemps are all very close from our place! Finally, a 10 minutes bus ride will take you to Montmartre, the Marais or Saint Germain des Près. So what is missin
29361		Charming 2 bedrooms flat within the pedestrian area of montorgeuil. A neighboorhood packed with food retailers and restaurants. Equiped with two 1,80 meters wide beds and 2 single sofa beds and accessible with an elevator.
29362	My studio is made of one big main room (double bed, sofa, table...) , one separate kitchen corner and a separate bathroom. The main room is spacious and luminous (2 windows). The kitchen is small but has all you may need - fridge, microwave, oven, sink 	30 m² studio located in the very center of Paris (betweend the 2nd and 3rd borough). The studio has one main central room with a double bed , a table and a sofa and 2 windows, one small kitchen and one bathroom.  My studio is made of one big main room (double bed, sofa, table...) , one separate kitchen corner and a separate bathroom. The main room is spacious and luminous (2 windows). The kitchen is small but has all you may need - fridge, microwave, oven, sink It not allowed to bring pets in the appartment. Smoking is not allowed either.  Either myself or a friend of mine will come and welcome you. Of course, you will have the full appartment for yourself during your stay.  Very vibrant an popular neighborhood. Many nice restaurants and bars in the area. The flat is located in a private street which make it very calm.  Very central. Lines 3 4, 8, 9 are a few steps away from the flat. 
29363	Beautiful very bright and quiet apartment,with really large windows, height ceiling 3M, in a stone building completely renew. This beautiful apartment can welcome 2 people with a bed of 160*2m, The bed room as a large window on the roof top of Paris. 	Beautiful very bright, warm and spacious apartment, he can welcome 2 people in the heart of Paris. He contains a large living room with 3 big windows, a quiet bed room on court(yard), in the 4th floor with elevator. In a stone bulding very clean....  Beautiful very bright and quiet apartment,with really large windows, height ceiling 3M, in a stone building completely renew. This beautiful apartment can welcome 2 people with a bed of 160*2m, The bed room as a large window on the roof top of Paris. There is a very small oven, 2 electric burners to cook, and everything else you need to cook our just have a coffee. The apartment is very well situated, at 1mn on foot of the street Montorgueil, the access to Les Halles, The Louvre, Opera, Center Pompidou, it is all walking distance everything can be made on foot. It is difficult to park in the district. Metro station: 8 and 9, stop at Bonne Nouvelle, station: 4, stop at Strasbourg Saint Denis, the closest 1mn on foot line 3, stop at Sentier,
29364	This lovely, cozy studio apartment is located in the very heart of Paris : rue d'Aboukir, an historic street in the Montorgueil neighborhood (3° arrondissement) very well known for its clothes and fabrics shops. Renting a flat rue d'Aboukir, a truly authentic Parisian neighborhood, is undoubtedly an experience that you won't forget! This lovely apartment is in harmony with everything that is Parisian, perfect for memorable holidays in the HEART OF PARIS !! Shop and live like a true Parisian. This apartment offers an unrivaled variety of activities within a very short walking distance. It is right in the middle of the quartier du Sentier and Montorgueil, a five minute walk from the famous Cabaret/ movie theatre, Le Grand Rex. Your lovely, cosy, compact one room apartment (measuring 25m2) is suitable for a couple. Situated on the first floor of a quiet, 18th century building, it has been completely remodeled and updated. A fully-equipped, modern kitchen allows you to explore nearby local	This lovely, cozy studio apartment is located in the very heart of Paris : rue d'Aboukir, an historic street in the Montorgueil neighborhood (3° arrondissement) very well known for its clothes and fabrics shops. Renting a flat rue d'Aboukir, a truly authentic Parisian neighborhood, is undoubtedly an experience that you won't forget! This lovely apartment is in harmony with everything that is Parisian, perfect for memorable holidays in the HEART OF PARIS !! Shop and live like a true Parisian. This apartment offers an unrivaled variety of activities within a very short walking distance. It is right in the middle of the quartier du Sentier and Montorgueil, a five minute walk from the famous Cabaret/ movie theatre, Le Grand Rex. Your lovely, cosy, compact one room apartment (measuring 25m2) is suitable for a couple. Situated on the first floor of a quiet, 18th century building, it has been completely remodeled and updated. A fully-equipped, modern kitchen allows you to explore nearby local
29365	This former leather workshop preserves the fascination of the unforgettable 'belle époque' and has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture, it has real old style cement tiles on the floor and moldings on ceilings and walls. The flat can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe.  Inside La Maisonnette, You Will Find: * Living area with a Charles Eames designer rocking chair  * Flat screen tv with international cable channels * Fully equipped kitchen with induction electric burners, microwave coffee maker, tea kettle, refrigerator, toaster oven, cooking pans, dining plates, glassware, serving utensils and flatware  * Dining area with Parisian café table for two  * Bedroom area with a very comfortable, bran	"Former leather workshop upcycled into a lovely ""maisonnette"" by designers. On a Cosy/quiet Courtyard. Ideal for 2. Near ""Le Marais"", central , trendy, 10/15min from major touristy attractions. 2 min from metro station.       This former leather workshop preserves the fascination of the unforgettable 'belle époque' and has been modernized with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers like Charles Eames,  for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture, it has real old style cement tiles on the floor and moldings on ceilings and walls. The flat can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 18th century. It is very quiet and safe.  Inside La Maisonnette, You Will Find: * Living area with a Charles Eames designer rocking chair  * Flat screen tv with international cable channels * Fully equipped kitchen with induction electric burners, mi"
29366		    appartement de 110 m2, comprenant 2 chambres, un séjour, une cuisine, salle de bain. Situé dans le 2eme arrondissement, proche des commerçants et restaurants. Près de Chatelet des Halles, Centre Pompidou, quartier Montorgueil, à 10 de L'opéra.    métro ligne 4 station Etienne Marcel
29367	1 bedroom with a kingsize bed, 1 bathroom, 1 living room with a corner kitchen and a sofa-bed. The flat is located one the 6th floor (no elevator) with a nice view on Paris' roofs and natural luminosity.	Flat located on the 6th floor (no elevator) of an old building in rue Saint-Denis. 200m from Montorgueil street and Etienne Marcel subway. 1 bedroom with a kingsize bed, 1 bathroom, 1 living room with a corner kitchen and a sofa-bed. The flat is located one the 6th floor (no elevator) with a nice view on Paris' roofs and natural luminosity. I would be happy to give you more information on the apartment, the neighborhood or any other questions. Montorgueil is a trendy neighborhood with lots of nice restaurants, bars, fruits and vegetables shops. 3 minutes walking from Etienne Marcel subway.  8 minutes walking from Châtelet RER station.  Private parking 100m away from the apartment.
29368	Ce qu'on aime dans notre appartement : la luminosité, le confort, la propreté, la praticité, la vue, le quartier, la rue Montorgueil On se sent bien dans cet appartement, le quartier est animé la journée mais calme la nuit	Nous louons notre charmant 2 pièces (5e avec ascenseur) en plein cœur de Paris : -Une chambre -Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon très lumineux avec canapé-lit -Une salle de bain C’est parfaitement entretenu et est très agréable à vivre !  Ce qu'on aime dans notre appartement : la luminosité, le confort, la propreté, la praticité, la vue, le quartier, la rue Montorgueil On se sent bien dans cet appartement, le quartier est animé la journée mais calme la nuit A nos futurs locataires, nous leur donnerons tous nos conseils pour visiter Paris, les lieux touristiques comme nos coups de coeur de visites / restaurants / bars / boutiques... Ce qu'on aime dans notre rue : Son animation la journée, c'est toujours vivant, sa bonne humeur, ses pavés, ses piétons, ses restaurants, ses bars, ses cafés ses maraîchers, ses bouchers et poissonniers, ses fromagers, son ambiance La rue Montorgueil est située en plein coeur de Paris donc tout est accessible à pied ou en vélib, on est proche de tout Métros: 
29369	The flat is a 33 sqm charming studio, located on the 1st floor of an old parisian style building, accessible through a nice courtyard. The exposed beams and fireplace make it very cosy. The flat can host 2 to exceptionally 3 persons. The sofa can be converted in a single bed (not a real mattress though). The flat is fully equipped : wifi, TV, washing machine, bed sheets and bath towels.	The flat is situated in a pieton area very central and ideally located for visiting the best spots of Paris as well as going out at night.
29370	Done up like new, under the Parisian roofs, this authentic accommodation is very pleasant and friendly. It will allow you to rest in a silent and very bright frame although being situated in the center of Paris. In this flat there is a lounge with sofa bed and an american kitchen, an office room, a small bathroom and a room with design library upstairs. Important note: the flat is at the very last floor (6th) and there is no elevator.	This flat is convenient for tourists as well as professionnal as the Sentier is one of the best served district. Close to les Halles and the famous causy Montorgueil street, there is also a lot to do by foot. Done up like new, under the Parisian roofs, this authentic accommodation is very pleasant and friendly. It will allow you to rest in a silent and very bright frame although being situated in the center of Paris. In this flat there is a lounge with sofa bed and an american kitchen, an office room, a small bathroom and a room with design library upstairs. Important note: the flat is at the very last floor (6th) and there is no elevator. Travelers will access to all kitchen equipment, Internet, library, bathroom equipment. Two shelves will be free to use: one in the kitchen and one in the room upstairs. I will make myself available by phone and email as much as possible. If I am not in Paris, I will let the contact of a dear friend who will help you out if any questions. In a small a
29371	Real cornice, rosette and fireplace come from 19e century, reminding you the history of the charming city that we all love so much.	A recently renovated, quiet and charming apartment in a 19th century Haussmann building with 3,2 meter ceiling height. A lot of main tourist sites only within 10 mins' walk and plenty of restaurants, bars, shops, stores are nearby. Real cornice, rosette and fireplace come from 19e century, reminding you the history of the charming city that we all love so much. The apartment is on the second floor, overlooks a courtyard and is very quiet.  The bed measures 1,6mX2m as to give you the best comfort after a long day visit.  The sofa in the salon can be unfolded to make a 1,6m large bed for 2 more person.  In the cosy salon, a discrete but amazing HiFi permits to put your favorite music.  There is an open kitchen equipped with everything you need (Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster, folding table for up to 4 pers...).  Plates, glasses, cutlery and kitchen utensils are at your disposal to enjoy the local food. A dishwasher is ready to serve after the meal;)  In the bathroom, there are towels
29372	Cette appartement est un ancien atelier de manufacture entièrement revisité en appartement éclairé par un puit de lumière . Dans le quel vous pourrez retrouver calme et tranquillité en plein centre de Paris.	Appartement de style, Spacieux et Atypique. Au -1 d'une petite cour residenciel au coeur de paris, cette appartement est un ancien Atelier de manufacture. ce petit coin de tranquilité de 150m² ce trouve à 2min à pieds du métro Strasbourg Saint Denis. Cette appartement est un ancien atelier de manufacture entièrement revisité en appartement éclairé par un puit de lumière . Dans le quel vous pourrez retrouver calme et tranquillité en plein centre de Paris. L'appartement ce trouve a 2 minutes du grand boulevard poissonnière ou vous trouverez le cinema le grand Rex, le Musée Grévin, de nombreux theatre et bars branchés.  situé a :  3 minutes a pieds d'une station de métro  4 minutes a pieds d'un magasin alimentaire  1 minute d'un point taxi.  5-10 minutes de châtelet les halles. non, malheureusement je serais en déplacement.
29373		Je voyage suivant par airbnb et c’est la première fois que je propose mon appartement en location. L'emplacement est idéal pour découvrir la ville et expérimenter la vie parisienne en plein centre !! - Vous aurez accès a l appartement entier. - La cuisine, l'électroménager sont à votre disposition durant la durée de votre séjour. - Les draps et les serviettes de toilettes sont fournis pour faciliter votre confort. - Un accès à Internet sans fil vous sera donné. Vous pourrez surfer tranquillement à plusieurs en même temps (fibre optique). Trés proche des trasports. A 3 minutes à pieds des stations de métro: - M3, M4: station Reaumur-Sebastopol - M8, M9: station Bonne Nouvelle - M4, M8, M9: station Strasbourg Saint-Denis (Sortie 5) - M3: station Sentier A 10 minutes à pieds de la station qui conduit aux aeroports (CGD et ORY), à La Defense et à Euro Disney: - RER A, RER B: station Chatelet-Les Halles
29374	L'appartement est très lumineux grâce à une orientation Sud, et bénéficie de tout le confort nécessaire : Couchages : - Une chambre avec 1 lit double 160 x 200 cm - Une chambre avec 2 lits simples - 2 mezzanines (une dans chaque chambre) équipées chacune d'un couchage double 160 x 200 cm - Un canapé convertible 2 couchages dans le salon 2 salles de bain: - 1 salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne attenante à la chambre 1 - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire attenante à la chambre 2 Cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-ondes, machine à expresso, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, congélateur, four à chaleur tournante, bouilloire, etc...) - Accès à Internet en Wi-Fi inclus dans la prestation - Téléphone illimité vers tous les fixes et mobiles en France et vers toute l'Union Européenne - Grande télé écran HD de 117 cm  - Lecteur DVD - Home cinéma - Chaîne Stéréo/Radio Appartement non fumeur / Animaux non admis.  	Appartement de 80m², refait à neuf en 2010. Composé d'une cuisine toute équipée ouverte sur un grand salon, 2 chambres, 2 mezzanines, 2 salles de bain, 1 WC séparé, 6° étage sans ascenseur. Situé à 100m de la rue Montorgueil. L'appartement est très lumineux grâce à une orientation Sud, et bénéficie de tout le confort nécessaire : Couchages : - Une chambre avec 1 lit double 160 x 200 cm - Une chambre avec 2 lits simples - 2 mezzanines (une dans chaque chambre) équipées chacune d'un couchage double 160 x 200 cm - Un canapé convertible 2 couchages dans le salon 2 salles de bain: - 1 salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne attenante à la chambre 1 - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire attenante à la chambre 2 Cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-ondes, machine à expresso, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, congélateur, four à chaleur tournante, bouilloire, etc...) - Accès à Internet en Wi-Fi inclus dans la prestation - Téléphone illimité vers tous les fixes et mobiles en France et vers tout
29375		Charmant, confortable et situé en plein centre de Paris. À 10 minutes à pieds du quartier Montorgueil , le Marais et les principales lignes du métro. Un quartier riche en sorties (restaurants, bars), et commerces de proximité.  Vous allez adorer !
29376	Lovely cat that must be fed twice a day (food provided), and litter need to be cleaned up when necessary. Sanibroyeur Toilets, don't drop anything except toilet paper. Flat on the second floor without elevator. It's located in a very lively area but though it's really quiet during the night because the flat is inside a closed path. Note : Some prostitutes may stand in front of the building during the day. It never led to any disturbance and there are very gentle, but we just wanted to let you know this point.	"Cute and fully equiped flat, bright andquiet in an old building, located in the heart of the city in a very lively area. Plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. Convertible sofa for two persons. Lovely & affectionate cat ! Lovely cat that must be fed twice a day (food provided), and litter need to be cleaned up when necessary. Sanibroyeur Toilets, don't drop anything except toilet paper. Flat on the second floor without elevator. It's located in a very lively area but though it's really quiet during the night because the flat is inside a closed path. Note : Some prostitutes may stand in front of the building during the day. It never led to any disturbance and there are very gentle, but we just wanted to let you know this point. We will be in North America during your stay, but you will be able to contact us by email. The flat is located in the old and lively area of Sentier and Les Halles. Shops and restaurants at 2minutes walking, the big mall ""Les Halles"" is 10 minutes and the Canal "
29377	Cet appartement d’environ 40 m2 est calme, bien agencé et typique du quartier historique du Sentier (poutres apparentes, parquet au sol...)	Typique & calme appartement idéalement situé en plein coeur du Sentier offrant un accès rapide aux principaux lieux touristiques de Paris à pied ou en métro. Cet appartement vous permettra de vivre le temps d'un séjour la vie parisienne authentique. Cet appartement d’environ 40 m2 est calme, bien agencé et typique du quartier historique du Sentier (poutres apparentes, parquet au sol...) Accès Internet Accès machine à laver, four, baignoire... Lignes de métro: 3,4,8,9 Un livre avec les bons plans du quartier, les lieux incontournables et une carte du métro ainsi qu'un plan de Paris seront mis à disposition C'est un quartier piéton, cosmopolite à la fois calme et dynamique, il offre à chacun le plaisir de découvrir ou redécouvrir Paris. La culture (ex. Centre Pompidou), les ballades dans le quartier historique, les moments de détente (ex. SPA Nuxe) et la gastronomie font du 2eme arrondissement de Paris un des plus prisé de la capitale Métro ligne 3,4,8,9 (Sentier, Bonne Nouvelle, Etienne
29378	25m2 flat, for 2 people, 3rd floor, located in the heart of Paris , in a calm neighboorhood ( 2nd district)  and refurbished only a year ago. Only a few minutes away from rue Montorgueil, rue de Rivoli, Châtelet les halles, and next to the metro station Réaumur Sebasptopol. You'll find a lot of bars, clothes shops ( of which clearance stores), markets, restaurants, museums, cinemas...and so on. The flat is furnished with a sofa-bed, which can be unfolded very easily, so that you'll be able to use the main room both as a bedroom, Modern bathroom , with toilets and an italian shower. Hi-speed ADSL Television Washing Machine Iron 	 flat, for 2 people, 3rd floor, located in the heart of Paris , in a calm neighboorhood ( 2nd district)  and refurbished only a year ago. Only a few minutes away from rue Montorgueil, rue de Rivoli, Châtelet les halles, and next to the metro station Réaumur Sebasptopol. You'll find a lot of bars, clothes shops ( of which clearance stores), markets, restaurants, museums, cinemas...and so on. The flat is furnished with a sofa-bed, which can be unfolded very easily, so that you'll be able to use the main room both as a bedroom, Modern bathroom , with toilets and an italian shower. Hi-speed ADSL Television Washing Machine Iron 25m2 flat, for 2 people, 3rd floor, located in the heart of Paris , in a calm neighboorhood ( 2nd district)  and refurbished only a year ago. Only a few minutes away from rue Montorgueil, rue de Rivoli, Châtelet les halles, and next to the metro station Réaumur Sebasptopol. You'll find a lot of bars, clothes shops ( of which clearance stores), markets, restaurants, m
29379	Charming studio located in the heart of Paris, on the 4th floor. Close to all amenities, as well as museums, bars, restaurants, clubs, theaters ... 4 beds available: 1 bed for 2 + 1 sofa bed (towels and linen at your disposal). It is equipped with a functional kitchen with fridge, electric hob, oven grill. Bathroom with a shower, hair-dryer available. Internet and Wifi included.	Lovely 1bedroom (possibility for 4 people), in the heart of Paris, with an amazing location ! Closed to everything ! Charming studio located in the heart of Paris, on the 4th floor. Close to all amenities, as well as museums, bars, restaurants, clubs, theaters ... 4 beds available: 1 bed for 2 + 1 sofa bed (towels and linen at your disposal). It is equipped with a functional kitchen with fridge, electric hob, oven grill. Bathroom with a shower, hair-dryer available. Internet and Wifi included. I would love to answer your question and I'll make sure to be there to welcome you. Montorgueil - Sentier - Grands boulevards The local position of the apartment allows you direct access to many theaters, the sumptuous Grand Rex theater, the Grevin Museum, the Opera Garnier. Just a few minutes walk from the famous Rue Montorgueil, Chatelet-Les Halles and the Louvre Museum. Subway: Lines: 3, 4, 8, 9 Sentier, Strasbourg St Denis, Bonne Nouvelle et Grand boulevard RER: From 10 minutes to RER A, B, D
29380	Under roof flat	2 rooms with 1 bedroom, near from Châtelet les Halles and good places to enjoy Paris.
29381	From here you can easily walk to the Opéra Garnier, the Louvre museum, the Palais Royal gardens or the Tuileries Gardens. Lots of typical restaurants nearby (Montorgueuil quarter).	no smoking no animals Métro Bourse ou Richelieu Drouot
29382	Very charming and unique Paris apartment, in the Rue de Tracy in the 2nd arrondissement. In a 18th century building, at the top floor (5th floor), it's an island of calm and romantism under the roofs. The apartment consists of: - A large open kitchen, dining room with a big dining table for 6 and a fireplace. The dishwasher and washing-machine are perfectly integrated and hidden. - A living room, with a sofa (transforms in a bed for 1), coffee-table, a wooden desk and another fireplace. - One bedroom (with a queen-size bed for 2), separated from the living-room with a magnificent glass & metal wall. The bedroom window, facing West, delivers a beautiful view on the roofs of Paris and sunsets. - A bathroom with little blue tiles, with a bathtub and toilet. The window, facing South, allows one to take a shower or bath in the sunlight! The bathroom is situated at the opposite of the bedroom, which is nice to keep a certain intimacy. The apartment is a haven bathed with light with 8 windows	Incredibly charming, unique apartment, in the centre of Paris! 18th Century building, top floor, island of calm and romantism under the roofs. Wood beams, terracotta tiles, fireplaces, many windows, sunlight… Very Lively and convenient neighborhood ! Very charming and unique Paris apartment, in the Rue de Tracy in the 2nd arrondissement. In a 18th century building, at the top floor (5th floor), it's an island of calm and romantism under the roofs. The apartment consists of: - A large open kitchen, dining room with a big dining table for 6 and a fireplace. The dishwasher and washing-machine are perfectly integrated and hidden. - A living room, with a sofa (transforms in a bed for 1), coffee-table, a wooden desk and another fireplace. - One bedroom (with a queen-size bed for 2), separated from the living-room with a magnificent glass & metal wall. The bedroom window, facing West, delivers a beautiful view on the roofs of Paris and sunsets. - A bathroom with little blue tiles, with a bath
29383	Appartement de caractère 80m2, poutres, Grand salon, 2 chambres, cuisine, bains,  tout confort, proche métro, musées, théâtres, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Grands-Magasins. Calme et cosy. Appartement de caractère 80m2, poutres, grand salon, 2 chambres, cuisine, bains,  tout confort, proche métro, musées, théâtres, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Grands-Magasins. Calme et cosy. 5e étage, remis à neuf en 2013. Salon avec 2 canapés-lits (140 et 160, 4 pers.) 1 chambre avec grand lit de 160 1 chambre avec 2 lits twin. Cuisine toute équipée. Penderies et rangements. Belle salle de bain avec baignoire, wc indépendant. Calme et sans vis-à-vis direct. Entre  Bourse et  Place des Victoires,  dans un quartier vivant et historique à 5 min à pied du quartier piéton Montorgueil (cafés et tous commerces) 10 min du Louvre ou de l'Opéra Garnier. Superette à 50 m, tous commerces rue Montorgueil. Métro : Bourse 2 min, Palais-Royal 10 min Métro RER : Chatelet-Les Halles 7 min Bus : 7 lignes jour et  soirée, une ligne de	Appartement de caractère 80m2, poutres, Grand salon, 2 chambres, cuisine, bains,  tout confort, proche métro, musées, théâtres, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Grands-Magasins. Calme et cosy. Appartement de caractère 80m2, poutres, grand salon, 2 chambres, cuisine, bains,  tout confort, proche métro, musées, théâtres, Louvre, Palais-Royal, Grands-Magasins. Calme et cosy. 5e étage, remis à neuf en 2013. Salon avec 2 canapés-lits (140 et 160, 4 pers.) 1 chambre avec grand lit de 160 1 chambre avec 2 lits twin. Cuisine toute équipée. Penderies et rangements. Belle salle de bain avec baignoire, wc indépendant. Calme et sans vis-à-vis direct. Entre  Bourse et  Place des Victoires,  dans un quartier vivant et historique à 5 min à pied du quartier piéton Montorgueil (cafés et tous commerces) 10 min du Louvre ou de l'Opéra Garnier. Superette à 50 m, tous commerces rue Montorgueil. Métro : Bourse 2 min, Palais-Royal 10 min Métro RER : Chatelet-Les Halles 7 min Bus : 7 lignes jour et  soirée, une ligne de
29384	Petit Studio à sous louer au centre de PARIS 75002 métro Réaumur Sébastopol (ligne 4 et 3) également proche du métro Strasbourg st denis et Sentier. bien situer : à quelques minutes des grand boulevards, du musée grévin, de chatelet les halles, de République, du Marais et de l'hotel de Ville Petit Studio à sous louer au centre de PARIS 75002 métro Réaumur Sébastopol (ligne 4 et 3) également proche du métro Strasbourg st denis et Sentier. bien situer : à quelques minutes des grand boulevards, du musée grévin, de chatelet les halles, de République, du Marais et de l'hotel de Ville ect.. Immeuble calme porte avec code et deuxiéme porte avec clés, 3 iéme étages sans ascenseur. Fenetre qui donne dans la cour donc un peu de lumiere. appartement trés propre pour deux personnes max avec douche toilette, frigo, télé, internet, four à micro ondes, plaques cuisiniére, Pour plus d'information  me contacter par mail ou téléphone  bien situer : à quelques minutes du sentier, des grands boulevards, d	Petit Studio à sous louer au centre de PARIS 75002 métro Réaumur Sébastopol (ligne 4 et 3) également proche du métro Strasbourg st denis et Sentier. bien situer : à quelques minutes des grand boulevards, du musée grévin, de chatelet les halles, de Petit Studio à sous louer au centre de PARIS 75002 métro Réaumur Sébastopol (ligne 4 et 3) également proche du métro Strasbourg st denis et Sentier. bien situer : à quelques minutes des grand boulevards, du musée grévin, de chatelet les halles, de République, du Marais et de l'hotel de Ville Petit Studio à sous louer au centre de PARIS 75002 métro Réaumur Sébastopol (ligne 4 et 3) également proche du métro Strasbourg st denis et Sentier. bien situer : à quelques minutes des grand boulevards, du musée grévin, de chatelet les halles, de République, du Marais et de l'hotel de Ville ect.. Immeuble calme porte avec code et deuxiéme porte avec clés, 3 iéme étages sans ascenseur. Fenetre qui donne dans la cour donc un peu de lumiere. appartement tré
29385	This little gem of apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a high standing building with elevator. The entrance is secured by a keyed gate and the presence of a building caretaker. The common areas are very impressive with majestic columns, marble floors and high ceilings with splendid moldings. The apartment is very quiet, the large windows overlook a courtyard. Layout This gorgeous 36 sqm studio was completely renovated in 2014. The high ceiling gives a nice feeling of space as soon as you enter. The corridor opens into the main room. It features a living area with a comfortable sofa bed, a very nice design coffee table and two chairs with a French classical style that perfectly match the contemporary touches. The sofa bed has a double mattress 160x200, chosen for a daily use. The apartment has high speed Internet access and a 3D TV (glasses provided) with cable television channels. You can put your clothes in the dresser or in the wardrobe located in height and equipped with an adj	Gorgeous high standing studio to rent for a couple in the mythical Rue de la Paix in Paris. Place Vendôme at one end, Opéra Garnier on the other...Fantastic location for a fantastic apartment !     This little gem of apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a high standing building with elevator. The entrance is secured by a keyed gate and the presence of a building caretaker. The common areas are very impressive with majestic columns, marble floors and high ceilings with splendid moldings. The apartment is very quiet, the large windows overlook a courtyard. Layout This gorgeous 36 sqm studio was completely renovated in 2014. The high ceiling gives a nice feeling of space as soon as you enter. The corridor opens into the main room. It features a living area with a comfortable sofa bed, a very nice design coffee table and two chairs with a French classical style that perfectly match the contemporary touches. The sofa bed has a double mattress 160x200, chosen for a daily use. The apartme
29386	A fully equipped apartment on the third floor, overlooking the courtyard, and very quiet in a very lively area ! 	"In a pedestrian district in the heart of the historical Paris, a freshly renovated flat, very functional, and fully equipped, composed of a living-room, an open kitchen, a bedroom, and a shower room. Many commerces and transports around. A fully equipped apartment on the third floor, overlooking the courtyard, and very quiet in a very lively area ! The flat is at the full disposal of the visitors, without any sharing. It will be my pleasure to welcome you. And I will stay contactable during your stay. In the heart of Paris, a friendly place during the day, and festive one at night.   Many commerces, shops, restaurants, delicatessens and bars. Experience the atmosphere of a ""parisian village"" in Paris center. At 15 minutes by walk to the ""musée du Louvre"", the ""Palais Garnier"" or the ""Centre Pompidou"". Stations at the bottom of the building:   Sentier - ligne 3      Self-service Bikes (called Vélib'),   Taxi rank Stations nearby:   Bonne Nouvelle - ligne 8 and 9   Réaumur Sébastopol - l"
29387		Très bel appartement de 3 pièces récemment rénové peut accueillir 6 personnes car il dispose de 2 chambres et d'un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes dans le séjour. Situé dans le très central quartier de Montorgueil vous pourrez visiter Paris à Pied!       
29388	Spacious and bright 6th floor apartment (73 m² / 786 sqf) ideally located in the center of Paris. The apartement include a large living room, a large separated bedroom,  a bathroom with shower and bath, a fully equiped kitchen and a private toilet. For 2-3 guests. - Huge 30 m² / 323 sqf living room (loft style) with parquet flooring. Light flooded room all day long. Dining room table, large sofa and couches, working fireplace Big flat screen TV with access to hundreds of channels - Spacious bedroom (18 m² / 194 sqf) with a Queen size bed and lots of storages (dresser and wardrobe) Ensuite bathroom with old floor tiles, italian shower, separated bath and heated tower rail. Hair dryer, linens and towels provided - Fully equiped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, microwave, large fridge with freezer, vitro ceramic stovetop) with old floor tiles Nespresso coffee machine and toaster Dishes, ustensils and all the cutlery needed are provided Access to a laundry room  - Private restrooms  High ceiling	Spacious and bright 6th floor apartment (with elevator) ideally located in the center of Paris. The apartement includes a large living room, a large separated bedroom,  a bathroom with shower and bath, a fully equiped kitchen and a private toilet. Spacious and bright 6th floor apartment (73 m² / 786 sqf) ideally located in the center of Paris. The apartement include a large living room, a large separated bedroom,  a bathroom with shower and bath, a fully equiped kitchen and a private toilet. For 2-3 guests. - Huge 30 m² / 323 sqf living room (loft style) with parquet flooring. Light flooded room all day long. Dining room table, large sofa and couches, working fireplace Big flat screen TV with access to hundreds of channels - Spacious bedroom (18 m² / 194 sqf) with a Queen size bed and lots of storages (dresser and wardrobe) Ensuite bathroom with old floor tiles, italian shower, separated bath and heated tower rail. Hair dryer, linens and towels provided - Fully equiped kitchen (oven, d
29389	90 SqMt or 920 SqFt   .Located on the 6th floor in an upscale building with a lift, you'll still be able to walk up the last flight of stairs from the 5th to 6th floor, admiring the stain-glassed windows and the red carpet. In former times, the sixth floor was reserved for the maids, but these rooms have since been redesigned into fashionable apartments.  You may also want to know that this apartment is a real home, meaning that it is not emptied of private affairs. You can enjoy the many books, recordings, amenties, and should also not be shocked to see that there are closets with clothes. Clean and peaceful, the apartment is also very secure, featuring a high-security lock in a building with an entry code and a second entry door with a key. 	90 SqMt or 920 SqFt   Clean and peaceful, my apartment’s door has a high security lock. At the 6st floor of an Haussman Building, with elevator, digicode. Located in the heart of pedestrian quarter Montorgueil (Center of Paris). 90 SqMt or 920 SqFt   .Located on the 6th floor in an upscale building with a lift, you'll still be able to walk up the last flight of stairs from the 5th to 6th floor, admiring the stain-glassed windows and the red carpet. In former times, the sixth floor was reserved for the maids, but these rooms have since been redesigned into fashionable apartments.  You may also want to know that this apartment is a real home, meaning that it is not emptied of private affairs. You can enjoy the many books, recordings, amenties, and should also not be shocked to see that there are closets with clothes. Clean and peaceful, the apartment is also very secure, featuring a high-security lock in a building with an entry code and a second entry door with a key. This apartment is 
29390	Really functionnal appt : - 1 enter / dining room fully equiped  - 1 living room / bedroom with a sofa bed and a computer used as a tv  - 1 separated kitchen fully équiper  - 1 bathroom with shower  - quiet and bright flat  - wifi  - towels and sheets provided  - cleaning lady coming every week  - in the very center of Paris. Near Chatelet Les Halles.  - warning : 5th floor with no elevator	The flat is a 2 rooms apt, located in the best area in Paris, in a very central location : Sentier / Montorgueil.  Really functionnal appt : - 1 enter / dining room fully equiped  - 1 living room / bedroom with a sofa bed and a computer used as a tv  - 1 separated kitchen fully équiper  - 1 bathroom with shower  - quiet and bright flat  - wifi  - towels and sheets provided  - cleaning lady coming every week  - in the very center of Paris. Near Chatelet Les Halles.  - warning : 5th floor with no elevator You will have access to many stations as you will be in the heart of Paris. Metro sentier, line 3 : down the apt  Metro Chatelet, lines 1, 4, 7, 11 and 14 : just a few steps away (7mn by walk)  Metro Bonne Nouvelle, lines 8, 9 : just a few steps away (5mn by walk) I am available at any time on airbnb or on my mobile phone! Don't hesitate to reach me! The heart of Paris is filled with little pedestrian streets, where bars and restaurants will make your joy. Just a few steps away from la 
29391	This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft is located on the 2nd floor of a debut of the siecle industrial type building, with a view on a calm and planted yard. The building is clean and secure. The main room of 45 m² with steel beams is the ideal place to gather with family or friends.  	Loft with lots of character near Montorgueil neighborhood. Adapted to families, babies, couples, professionals and photographers. The neighborhood is really calm. NO LATE NOISE OR PARTIES ARE TOLERATED OR A PENALTY WILL BE TAKEN FROM THE DEPOSIT. This flat is specially adapted to families. A baby bed and a bottle warmer are available. It is confortable for 4 to 6 people (there is one double bed in the room and 2 double convertible beds in the living-room). This designer style loft of 645 sq ft/60m2  is located in the center of Paris, in the Sentier district, next to Sentier and Strasbourg Saint Denis metro stations. It is at five minutes by foot from Montorgueil with its charming bars,  restaurants, markets and supermarkets, and also from Grands Boulevard & Republique, at 15 minutes by foot from Chatelet and Marais, and at 20 minutes by foot from Louvre and Notre Dame. If you prefer cycling, there is a self service  bike rental station (Velib') just in front of the building. This loft 
29392		"This apartment have been recently renovated and refurnished in a 17th building, it is clean, cosy practical. You will feel home in a second it is a  floor apartment and the place is very luminous The apartment is located at a few minutes walking of great tourist attractions (Montorgeuil street, Louvre, Notre Dame, Grands Boulevards , Marais, Opera). Many metro station : > line 3 : Sentier  > line 4 : Reaumur Sebastopol, Strasbourg St Denis > line 8 and 9 : Bonne Nouvelle > RER A : Châtelet les Halles (10 min) Location is great close to metro station with good eateries and supermarkets not more than 2 mins away. Lots of light, everything you could need, and in a ""quartier vivant"" but not noisy"
29393	56 rue d'Argout 75002 Paris  with Private Rooftop Terrace, sleeps up to 4  The streets were recently paved with white cobblestone and were closed to auto traffic protected by video camera The apartment is located on a quiet pedestrian-only.  Located in a classic 18th century building, the apartment is on the 4 th floor No elevator.  This Penthouse Apartment , located in the Montorgueil pedestrian area is perfect for 4 people with all the comforts of home. Relax after  a busy day from your private rooftop terrace with a barbecue electrical.  Shop at the best of the Parisian Department stores and tour the Louvre Museum all within minutes of this Paris vacation apartment  This Paris vacation apartment sleeps 4 persons. The apartment can accommodate a maximum of four.	56 rue d'Argout 75002 Paris  with Private Rooftop Terrace, sleeps up to 4  The streets were recently paved with white cobblestone and were closed to auto traffic protected by video camera The apartment is located on a quiet pedestrian-only.  Located in a classic 18th century building, the apartment is on the 4 th floor No elevator.  This Penthouse Apartment , located in the Montorgueil pedestrian area is perfect for 4 people with all the comforts of home. Relax after  a busy day from your private rooftop terrace with a barbecue electrical.  Shop at the best of the Parisian Department stores and tour the Louvre Museum all within minutes of this Paris vacation apartment  This Paris vacation apartment sleeps 4 persons. The apartment can accommodate a maximum of four.
29394		LOC 1 SEMAINE MINIMUM Appartement de 30 m² où l'on s'y sent bien...Situé rue de Clery  au 5ème étage il peut accueillir  4 personnes. Il est complètement équipé, lumineux, proche tous commerce et à 2 pas de plusieurs stations de métro. Le quartier est très recherché !
29395	Centrally located, this is an elegant and delightful studio apartment has been skilfully renovated and counteracts the classically historic surroundings with a clean-lined modern interior, situated on the 2nd floor of a historic building. With high ceilings, parquet flooring throughout, and overlooking a quiet street this is a bright, fresh and spacious apartment. It has a well laid out equipped kitchen, including a stove, micro wave, fridge/freezer, coffee- maker (nespresso) and washer-dryer machine and a dish washer.  The whole apartment is very peaceful and quiet. It is comprehensively furnished, with a queen sized bed, fitted cupboards and wifi.  Elegantly designed with all the modern amenities and located in the charming Montorgueil  district makes this apartment perfect for a memorable stay in Paris. Neighborhood Insight: The Quartier Montorgueil is famous for its market and semi-pedestrian streets full of beautiful shops and restaurants.  Decadent, traditional, and sometimes dow	Centrally located, this is an elegant and delightful studio apartment has been skilfully renovated and counteracts the classically historic surroundings with a clean-lined modern interior, situated on the 2nd floor of a historic building. With high ceilings, parquet flooring throughout, and overlooking a quiet street this is a bright, fresh and spacious apartment. It has a well laid out equipped kitchen, including a stove, micro wave, fridge/freezer, coffee- maker (nespresso) and washer-dryer machine and a dish washer.  The whole apartment is very peaceful and quiet. It is comprehensively furnished, with a queen sized bed, fitted cupboards and wifi.  Elegantly designed with all the modern amenities and located in the charming Montorgueil  district makes this apartment perfect for a memorable stay in Paris. Neighborhood Insight: The Quartier Montorgueil is famous for its market and semi-pedestrian streets full of beautiful shops and restaurants.  Decadent, traditional, and sometimes dow
29396		Idéalement placé à 150 m de l'Opéra, entre le Louvre et les grands magasins Hausmann, cet appartement au 6éme et dernier étage (avec ascenceur) a une chambre fermée + une piéce de vie avec cuisine compléte + coin salon (canapé lit) + SDB/ WC fermé.
29397	Typical Paris building built in 1800. The original wooden floor in Herringbone pattern and moldings  have been kept, as well as the marble fireplace and mirror. The kitchen floor is in white marble as well.  The apartment is located on a vibrant pedestrian street full of restaurants, bars, and fashion stores. In the heart of Paris (1st/2nd arrondissement). The location is very safe and central. You will love the area if you are outgoing and want to enjoy Paris by night. The street is can get very busy and loud during the summer, mostly on Friday and Saturday nights. I would not recommend this place to someone looking for a peaceful and quiet neighbourhood. The apartment is located above a bar which is open 5 days a week until 2AM and occasionally throws parties. It is however very quiet during the day.	Typical Paris building built in 1800. The original wooden floor in Herringbone pattern and moldings  have been kept, as well as the marble fireplace and mirror. The kitchen floor is in white marble as well.  The apartment is located on a vibrant pedestrian street full of restaurants, bars, and fashion stores. In the heart of Paris (1st/2nd arrondissement). The location is very safe and central. You will love the area if you are outgoing and want to enjoy Paris by night. The street is can get very busy and loud during the summer, mostly on Friday and Saturday nights. I would not recommend this place to someone looking for a peaceful and quiet neighbourhood. The apartment is located above a bar which is open 5 days a week until 2AM and occasionally throws parties. It is however very quiet during the day. The apartment is equipped with: -A king sized sofa bed -High Speed wireless internet access -Flat screen TV with cable -full bathroom with shower -full kitchen Walking distance (10 min o
29398	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" "" ESPAGNOL """" En pleno centro del barrio de la moda y de teatro parisienses, cerca del Centro Pompidou asi que del Opera Garnier en una calle llamada la « Pigalle des parisienses »(rue Blondel 75002 )usted encontrara un departamento renovado y decorado con gusto y fineza en un edificio contruido en la segunda mitad de siglo XVII. Ubicado en el centro de Paris usted podra facilmente descubrir a pied el romantismo de la « ciudad luz » y tambien gracias a las cuatro "	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" "" ESPAGNOL """" En pleno centro del barrio de la moda y de teatro parisienses, cerca del Centro Pompidou asi que del Opera Garnier en una calle llamada la « Pigalle des parisienses »(rue Blondel 75002 )usted encontrara un departamento renovado y decorado con gusto y fineza en un edificio contruido en la segunda mitad de siglo XVII. Ubicado en el centro de Paris usted podra facilmente descubrir a pied el romantismo de la « ciudad luz » y tambien gracias a las cuatro "
29399	Studio 21 m² situé à 2 min du quartier piéton très animé de Montorgueil et à 10 min du Louvre. Il se situe au 2ème étage sans ascenseur et peut confortablement accueillir 2 personnes . 	Charmant studio, très central, à 5min du quartier Montorgueil et du cinéma Le Grand Rex. Très bien desservi : ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9 ainsi que plusieurs lignes de bus et stations velib. Studio 21 m² situé à 2 min du quartier piéton très animé de Montorgueil et à 10 min du Louvre. Il se situe au 2ème étage sans ascenseur et peut confortablement accueillir 2 personnes . Quartier Montorgueil : animation nuit et jour avec ses bars et restaurants. Les Grands boulevards à 5 min Le studio se situe dans un quartier central et offre donc de nombreuses possibilités touristiques : Le Musée du Louvre et le jardin des Tuileries à 10 min Shopping à 10 min : Rivoli-Les Halles ou bien le boulevard Haussmann avec les célèbres Galeries Lafayette.   Opéra Garnier à 5 min en métro Metro : Ligne 3 (Sentier), Ligne 4 (Strasbourg Saint Denis ou Réaumur Sébastopol), Ligne 8 et 9 (Bonne nouvelle)  Bus : 20, 38 Multiples stations velib
