31800	Unusual, quiet, serene, 1 bdroom apartment, 40 sq. meters= 431 sqft 1st floor + elevator The apartment is surrounded by garden which is green all year around. From every window you see trees and ivy. When you step out you are in the heart of Montmartre, the most poetic part, with the beautiful stairs leading towards the Sacre Coeur. Perfect for a relaxing holiday, few minutes walk from Sacre Coeur, Lapin agile, shops and cafes are steps away, in a small quiet passage on the hill, just below the vineyard, charming and calm neighborhood.  Closest station: Metro Lamarck, line 12, takes you to Concorde in ten minutes.  Details concernig the apartment: -In the living room:  a big mexican table, a very nice sounding Geyer piano, and a small cabinet,  1930's foldable chairs , and a large square navy blue blue leather pouf with velvet pillows.  -In the bedroom:  The bed: (160x200),  originally a japanese futon bed on a low wood structure, but became a real and softer one with the two double (1	A rare, atypical, serene, one bedroom apartment overlooking a charming garden on the hill of Montmartre. A spacious nest, calm, hidden, romantic and relaxing, yet close to all the exiting and lively parts of the area. The nicest spot to be  in Paris. Unusual, quiet, serene, 1 bdroom apartment, 40 sq. meters= 431 sqft 1st floor + elevator The apartment is surrounded by garden which is green all year around. From every window you see trees and ivy. When you step out you are in the heart of Montmartre, the most poetic part, with the beautiful stairs leading towards the Sacre Coeur. Perfect for a relaxing holiday, few minutes walk from Sacre Coeur, Lapin agile, shops and cafes are steps away, in a small quiet passage on the hill, just below the vineyard, charming and calm neighborhood.  Closest station: Metro Lamarck, line 12, takes you to Concorde in ten minutes.  Details concernig the apartment: -In the living room:  a big mexican table, a very nice sounding Geyer piano, and a small cabi
31801	Charming apartment in the heart of montmartre, overlooking a quiet and pretty typical parisian courtyard. the provision of this apartment will allow you to keep your privacy if you stay with two families or friends. Located at the foot of the sacré coeur, you'll be abble to walk to the Moulin rouge, Les grands magasins, the Opera de paris... In the heart of Montmartre village, you will find many typical french bistro to enjoy french food, many bars to have a drink and many stores. A wonderfull calm place to begin an unforgettable stay in the most beautiful city in the world !!! You will have a room with 2 bunk beds, another one with a twin bed and 2 salons with sofa bed.	Charming apartment in the heart of montmartre, overlooking a quiet and pretty typical parisian courtyard. the provision of this apartment will allow you to keep your privacy if you stay with two families or friends. Located at the foot of the sacré coeur, you'll be abble to walk to the Moulin rouge, Les grands magasins, the Opera de paris... In the heart of Montmartre village, you will find many typical french bistro to enjoy french food, many bars to have a drink and many stores. A wonderfull calm place to begin an unforgettable stay in the most beautiful city in the world !!! You will have a room with 2 bunk beds, another one with a twin bed and 2 salons with sofa bed.
31802	Ce logement est très agréable car il est spacieux et lumineux. Il se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. De plus il a une double exposition donnant sur des jardins. Il fait 103 m2 avec 4 chambres et un grand séjour ainsi qu'une petite cuisine. Nous vous proposons une des deux chambres disponibles (voir l'autre annonce pour l'autre chambre). Celle-ci comporte une fenêtre, un grand dressing et un lit double.	Bienvenu dans notre appartement de 103m2 comportant 4 chambres et un grand séjour. La chambre fait 10m2, elle comporte une fenêtre donnant sur un jardin, un lit double et un dressing. Voir photos Ce logement est très agréable car il est spacieux et lumineux. Il se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. De plus il a une double exposition donnant sur des jardins. Il fait 103 m2 avec 4 chambres et un grand séjour ainsi qu'une petite cuisine. Nous vous proposons une des deux chambres disponibles (voir l'autre annonce pour l'autre chambre). Celle-ci comporte une fenêtre, un grand dressing et un lit double. Vous aurez accès à tous l'appartement à l'exception de deux des chambres de l'appartement (celle de ma soeur et la mienne). Nous sommes là pour que séjour soit le plus agréable possible, nous pourrons vous donner des conseils sur Paris qui est notre lieux de vie depuis plus de 20 ans! Le 18ème est un quartier du nord de Paris, il a la particularité d'être très vivant. Montmartre, le Sacr
31803	One bedroom with double bed for two people, with an internet connection, a computer and a printer. Desk, wardrobe, small balcony, and a tree outside the window. The neighborhood is quiet, as Pigalle and Montmartre are within 5 minutes on foot. Many small restaurants at Place de Clichy, and transport to visit Paris. Intellectual profession, I live in the apartment, so the kitchen and bathroom are shared with two cute cats for company. Welcome! It's better to smoke on the Balcony, sorry ;-)	One bedroom with double bed for two people, with an internet connection, a computer and a printer. Desk, wardrobe, small balcony, and a tree outside the window. The neighborhood is quiet, as Pigalle and Montmartre are within 5 minutes on foot. Many small restaurants at Place de Clichy, and transport to visit Paris. Intellectual profession, I live in the apartment, so the kitchen and bathroom are shared with two cute cats for company. Welcome! It's better to smoke on the Balcony, sorry ;-)
31804	Beau séjour lumineux sur rue équipé d'un canapé-lit 2 places   Chambre sur cour avec 2 lits jumeaux pouvant être réunis Jolie petite cuisine  équipée(lave vaisselle) Salle de bains baignoire Wc séparés Linge lits et toilette fournis	Beau séjour lumineux sur rue équipé d'un canapé-lit 2 places   Chambre sur cour avec 2 lits jumeaux pouvant être réunis Jolie petite cuisine  équipée(lave vaisselle) Salle de bains baignoire Wc séparés Linge lits et toilette fournis Métro Lamarck (ligne 12) à moins de 5 minutes Métro Chateau-Rouge (ligne 4) à moins de 10 minutes Lignes de bus desservant lieux touristiques de Paris Quartier tranquille horaires check-in et check-out flexibles proximite immediate de Montmatre et du Moulin rouge nombreux restaurants théatres et commerces   Métro Lamarck-caulaincourt
31805		 2 pièces, au pied de la butte Montmartre, au cœur du 18ème, des commerces et cafés. Très bien desservi (lignes 2,4,12). Meublé et équipé, parquet en bois, sur cour, très calme, dans un quartier animé. possibilité de ranger un vélo dans la cour    les prix sont dégressifs si vous restez plusieurs semaines : 750 euros pour un mois, 900 euros pour un mois et demi !
31806	L'appartement se compose de 3 chambres (1 à lit double, 1 à banquette-futon convertible double, et 1 chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits simples superposés _un lit bébé est également à votre disposition), d'1 cuisine équipée, d'1 salle de bains avec baignoire-jacuzzi et 2 lavabos, de toilettes avec lave-main, et enfin d'1 grand séjour (salon/salle à manger). Il est lumineux, confortable et opérationnel. Il y a aussi un balcon sur le boulevard.  	Appart typique parisien près Montmartre, Gare du nord, Pigalle (10min à pieds). Métro en face qui dessert rapidement les principaux sites de Paris (Champs-Elysées, Notre-Dame, Saint-Michel). Bien équipé, confortable, parfait pour 6 personnes. Enjoy ! L'appartement se compose de 3 chambres (1 à lit double, 1 à banquette-futon convertible double, et 1 chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits simples superposés _un lit bébé est également à votre disposition), d'1 cuisine équipée, d'1 salle de bains avec baignoire-jacuzzi et 2 lavabos, de toilettes avec lave-main, et enfin d'1 grand séjour (salon/salle à manger). Il est lumineux, confortable et opérationnel. Il y a aussi un balcon sur le boulevard.  Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement. Nous ne sommes pas présents dans le logement durant votre séjour. En cas de besoin (perte de clés, problème particulier), il y aura toujours quelqu'un de nos amis pour vous aider. Moi-même je reste joignable par téléphone et internet, et Airbnb, et je réponds assez vi
31807		appartement  deux pièces, au premier étage,  chambre séparé lit deux places, canapé convertible en vrai lit dans le salon cuisine. salle de bain/toilette équipé d'un chauffe serviette. microonde,plaque,wok
31808	Renovated apartment , functional, bright warm and well equipped , as if you were at home ! View from the kitchen to the Sacré Coeur, and in the bedroom overlooking the roofs of Paris ! In Montmartre at 5 minutes of the Sacré Coeur Feet, the neighborhood is charming, and the nearest metro station is 50 meters from the apartment , which will allow you to be in the center in less than 15 minutes!	Charming apartment very pleasant , bright, is at the 6 th floor with view over the roofs of Paris and the Sacré Coeur  ! Ideal for a couple wishing to discover Paris. Located close to the Sacred Heart / Montmartre , metro 50 m. Renovated apartment , functional, bright warm and well equipped , as if you were at home ! View from the kitchen to the Sacré Coeur, and in the bedroom overlooking the roofs of Paris ! In Montmartre at 5 minutes of the Sacré Coeur Feet, the neighborhood is charming, and the nearest metro station is 50 meters from the apartment , which will allow you to be in the center in less than 15 minutes! The Montmartre district one of the most visited places in Paris with small flowery streets of Butte , pubs, museums , cabarets ... The Sacré Coeur and painter artist ... Métro station: Marcadet Poissonieres or Jules Joffrin.
31809	Located in the heart of Montmartre, just one block from the Sacre-Coeur. Enjoy this cozy 1 bedroom apartment to discover all the charms of this beautiful neigborhood. This apartment is an ideal place to live the Parisian experience. It can welcome 1 or 2 travellers. There are the Sacre-coeur, the village of Montmartre, street markets, little stores, tons of bars, terrasses and restaurants just down the street. Feel free to ask. I will give you with any tips for a great stay in Paris. From all the touristic places to the very parisians trendy spots. It is really easy to come since the apartment is located in a central place of Montmartre / Paris. From the airport Roissy - Charles de Gaulles, take RER B direction Paris center and take off at the station Gare du Nord. From the appatment, you will be close to a lot of metro and bus lines :   3min, Metro 12, station Abbesses 5min, Metro 2, station Anvers 7min, Metro 12, station Pigalle 	Located in the heart of Montmartre, next to the Sacre-Coeur. Enjoy this cosy one bedroom apartment to discover all the charms of this beautiful neigborhood. This apartment is an perfect place to live the Montmartre experience. Ideal for couple! Located in the heart of Montmartre, just one block from the Sacre-Coeur. Enjoy this cozy 1 bedroom apartment to discover all the charms of this beautiful neigborhood. This apartment is an ideal place to live the Parisian experience. It can welcome 1 or 2 travellers. There are the Sacre-coeur, the village of Montmartre, street markets, little stores, tons of bars, terrasses and restaurants just down the street. Feel free to ask. I will give you with any tips for a great stay in Paris. From all the touristic places to the very parisians trendy spots. It is really easy to come since the apartment is located in a central place of Montmartre / Paris. From the airport Roissy - Charles de Gaulles, take RER B direction Paris center and take off at the s
31810		appartement baigné de soleil situé dans le 18ème arrondissement trois chambres dont une très grande à la japonaise, une grande pièce à vivre avec bibliothèque, cuisine et baignoire vue sur Montmartre et la tour Eiffel des balcons dans chaque pièce 3
31811		Cosy contemporary loft, moments from Metro line 4 (Marcadet-Poissonniers) and Metro line 12 (Jules Joffrin), cafés, bistros and also top notch restaurants. You may love the fantastic village atmosphere of Montmartre with its markets and small shops.
31812	Ideal to visit Paris in couple, or only in the capital for a week or two (internship or business), my charming studio (20m2), bright and quiet, is located at the foot of Montmartre (Lamarck Metros 12, 13 and 2 Blanche, Place de Clichy) and bus 80. close to the Sacre Coeur and Moulin Rouge, in the district of theaters and entertainment and beautiful Avenue Junot. The Opera and department stores are 15 minutes away. Near railway stations (North, East and Saint Lazare). Idéal pour visiter Paris en duo, ou seul dans la capitale pour une semaine ou deux (stage ou affaires), notre charmant studio (20m2), lumineux et calme, est situé au pied de la butte Montmartre (Métros 12 Lamarck, 13 de clichy et 2 Blanche) et bus 80, à deux pas du Sacré coeur et du Moulin rouge, dans le quartier des théâtres et des salles de spectacle et de l’Avenue Junot. L'Opéra et les grands magasins sont à 15 mn à pied. Proche des gares (Nord, Est et Saint Lazare).	Studio refait à neuf en 2015 tout équipé (canapé lit neuf, décoration design, rangements, cuisine toute équipée; four micro ondes, frigo, plaques, grand évier; et salle de bain neuve cabine douche et wc internes) très lumineux parfait pour couple Ideal to visit Paris in couple, or only in the capital for a week or two (internship or business), my charming studio (20m2), bright and quiet, is located at the foot of Montmartre (Lamarck Metros 12, 13 and 2 Blanche, Place de Clichy) and bus 80. close to the Sacre Coeur and Moulin Rouge, in the district of theaters and entertainment and beautiful Avenue Junot. The Opera and department stores are 15 minutes away. Near railway stations (North, East and Saint Lazare). Idéal pour visiter Paris en duo, ou seul dans la capitale pour une semaine ou deux (stage ou affaires), notre charmant studio (20m2), lumineux et calme, est situé au pied de la butte Montmartre (Métros 12 Lamarck, 13 de clichy et 2 Blanche) et bus 80, à deux pas du Sacré coeur et 
31813	The apartment has typically Parisian hardwood floors, a kitchen, a bathroom (and bathtub) and a separate toilet, a vast living room and a bedroom.  Though it is recommended for 2 people, there is a comfortable sofa bed in the living room in which 2 more people can sleep.  Both the bedroom and the living room have two double glazed, south facing windows overlooking Place Pigalle, so the apartment gets plenty of light at all hours of the day.	This spacious apartment (65 sq/m, 700 sq/ft)  overlooking the beautiful Place Pigalle. It is composed of a bedroom and a very large living room with a sofa bed. This is a sunny, comfortable and nicely decorated place for 1 to 3 people. The apartment has typically Parisian hardwood floors, a kitchen, a bathroom (and bathtub) and a separate toilet, a vast living room and a bedroom.  Though it is recommended for 2 people, there is a comfortable sofa bed in the living room in which 2 more people can sleep.  Both the bedroom and the living room have two double glazed, south facing windows overlooking Place Pigalle, so the apartment gets plenty of light at all hours of the day. Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, wifi. I will be around to let you into the apartment and will usually be in Paris during your stay should you need anything. But otherwise, the apartment is all yours. The apartment overlooks Place Pigalle, and my cobbled street leads up some steps to the Place des Abbesses and
31814	1 pièce avec cuisine séparée et salle de bain (minuscule mais pratique) peut accueillir 2 personnes ou 4 si vous avez un matelas ;)   Assez calme et idéal pour un week-end en amoureux ou entre amis Lignes de métro toutes proches : L13 à Guy Môquet (5minutes à pied) // L12 à Jules Joffrin (10min) // L4 à Porte de Clignancourt (10min) C'est petit mais mignon et cosy Tout l'appartement, bien sûr ? Dispo a tous moments pour questions par téléphone / sms / mail C'est un village dans Paris. Quartier assez calme et rassurant  Plein de commerces à proximité : supermarchés, boulangerie, tabac et restaurants tous à moins de 10minutes.  A 15 minutes à pied, Abbesses pour les visites et Pigalle pour sortir avec bars /discothèque Métro 13 / 12 / 4  // 5 à 10minutes à pied	1 pièce avec cuisine séparée et salle de bain (minuscule mais pratique) peut accueillir 2 personnes ou 4 si vous avez un matelas ;)   Assez calme et idéal pour un week-end en amoureux ou entre amis Lignes de métro toutes proches : L13 à Guy Môquet (5minutes à pied) // L12 à Jules Joffrin (10min) // L4 à Porte de Clignancourt (10min) C'est petit mais mignon et cosy Tout l'appartement, bien sûr ? Dispo a tous moments pour questions par téléphone / sms / mail C'est un village dans Paris. Quartier assez calme et rassurant  Plein de commerces à proximité : supermarchés, boulangerie, tabac et restaurants tous à moins de 10minutes.  A 15 minutes à pied, Abbesses pour les visites et Pigalle pour sortir avec bars /discothèque Métro 13 / 12 / 4  // 5 à 10minutes à pied
31815	Welcome in our cosy & charming 50 square meter (approx. 540 square feet) appartment, located in the Saint-Bernard church area in the 18th district of Paris.  We are located :  - 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur  - 5 minutes walk from 3 subway stations : La Chapelle, Barbès Rochechouart and Château Rouge - 10 minutes walk from... London (well, from Gare du Nord and the Eurostar terminal !) Our appartment extends to 2 sides (West/East) of an nice early 20th century building, on the 3rd floot (no elevator). On one side a city park (closed at night) and on the other a nice courtyard, which guarantees lots of quietness day and night. Possibility to park bicycles.  The appartment was totally renovated in 2012, we own it (no sub-letting). Nice decoration, retro, zen, cosy, definitively welcoming. It consists of :  - a large living room (approx. 25 square meters / 260 square feet) with open kitchen, a large rustic table, a club chair, large bookcase and a convertible sofa be	Welcome in our cosy & charming 50 square meter (approx. 540 square feet) appartment, located in the Saint-Bernard church area in the 18th district of Paris.  We are located :  - 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur  - 5 minutes walk from 3 subway stations : La Chapelle, Barbès Rochechouart and Château Rouge - 10 minutes walk from... London (well, from Gare du Nord and the Eurostar terminal !) Our appartment extends to 2 sides (West/East) of an nice early 20th century building, on the 3rd floot (no elevator). On one side a city park (closed at night) and on the other a nice courtyard, which guarantees lots of quietness day and night. Possibility to park bicycles.  The appartment was totally renovated in 2012, we own it (no sub-letting). Nice decoration, retro, zen, cosy, definitively welcoming. It consists of :  - a large living room (approx. 25 square meters / 260 square feet) with open kitchen, a large rustic table, a club chair, large bookcase and a convertible sofa be
31816	This apartment offers more than the average studio – no futons or pull out beds here – No, instead you come into the main room where we have installed a double bed with large fluffy pillows to help you rest your weary bones after a long days sightseeing.  The space is bright and quiet with large French windows facing the building’s courtyard. There is plenty of space for you to store your belongings. An entrance hall separates the kitchen, toilet facilities and main sleeping area. Setting the mood are a poster of one of France’s most renowned photographers Doisneau (“Le Baiser de l’Hotel de Ville” – the kiss in front of the Hotel de Ville) and a romantic portrait of Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin. A convenient long table comes over the bed to allow you to enjoy a romantic breakfast in bed. We have provided chairs if you prefer to be seated to enjoy your meal or to work at your computer.  The kitchen is fully equipped and even includes a dishwasher and a combination Microwave/Oven so 	This intimate hideaway is a perfect location to experience Paris and Montmartre as a couple and catching up on one of the things that keeps bringing couples back again and again. . . the romance.  Lovely, romantic & peaceful location for two. This apartment offers more than the average studio – no futons or pull out beds here – No, instead you come into the main room where we have installed a double bed with large fluffy pillows to help you rest your weary bones after a long days sightseeing.  The space is bright and quiet with large French windows facing the building’s courtyard. There is plenty of space for you to store your belongings. An entrance hall separates the kitchen, toilet facilities and main sleeping area. Setting the mood are a poster of one of France’s most renowned photographers Doisneau (“Le Baiser de l’Hotel de Ville” – the kiss in front of the Hotel de Ville) and a romantic portrait of Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin. A convenient long table comes over the bed to al
31817	Beau 2 pièces de 35 m2 très calme et lumineux au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, entièrement refait à neuf. L'immeuble dispose d'un digicode et d'un interphone et les parties communes sont impeccables. L'appartement est idéalement situé proche des commerces et transports (nombreuses lignes de bus et métro ligne 12 à 150 mètres)  Le Sacré Coeur et le Moulin Rouge sont accessibles à pied.  Possibilité de loger 2 adultes et 1 bébé (1 lit double et un coin bébé comprenant 1 lit à barreaux, 1 matelas à langer et une baignoire bébé).  Grande chambre et lit très confortable, rangements.  Parquet ancien ciré, moulures au plafond, le charme et le romantisme à la parisienne.  Vous disposerez des produits de base sans supplément (café, thé, sucre, etc...) La cuisine est entièrement équipée ( four micro-onde, réfrigérateur, plaques cuisson, cafetière, grille pain, petit électroménager,...), vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine.  Salon, coin repas, lave linge, aspirateu	Beau 2 pièces très calme et lumineux de 35 m2 au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, entièrement refait à neuf ! Commerces et transports au pied de l'immeuble. Possibilité de loger 2 adultes et 1 bébé (1 lit double et un espace bébé avec 1 lit à barreaux). Beau 2 pièces de 35 m2 très calme et lumineux au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, entièrement refait à neuf. L'immeuble dispose d'un digicode et d'un interphone et les parties communes sont impeccables. L'appartement est idéalement situé proche des commerces et transports (nombreuses lignes de bus et métro ligne 12 à 150 mètres)  Le Sacré Coeur et le Moulin Rouge sont accessibles à pied.  Possibilité de loger 2 adultes et 1 bébé (1 lit double et un coin bébé comprenant 1 lit à barreaux, 1 matelas à langer et une baignoire bébé).  Grande chambre et lit très confortable, rangements.  Parquet ancien ciré, moulures au plafond, le charme et le romantisme à la parisienne.  Vous disposerez des produits de base sans su
31818	Très charmant studio, très calme. Tout équipé, deux lits à disposition (mezzanine et canapé-lit).	Très chaleureux studio sur cour. Calme.  Idéal pour séjour professionnel ou touristique dans la capitale. Accès rapide métro 4 et 12. Paris centre en 15mn. Montmartre 5mn à pieds. Quartier vivant et animé. Très charmant studio, très calme. Tout équipé, deux lits à disposition (mezzanine et canapé-lit). Draps, serviettes, savon. Entrée et sortie dans l'appartement. Je vous donnerai quelques recommandations touristiques, quelques adresses, coins sympas. Une face de la capitale peu connue des visiteurs. Quartier très vivant, animé et varié. L'un des moins chers de Paris, et pourtant à deux pas de Montmartre et non loin du centre. Métro : Château-Rouge (ligne 4) ou Marcadet-Poissonniers (ligne 4 et 12) Bus : (phone number hidden) Bus de nuit : N14, N44
31819	I have completely refurnished the flat which is in the heart of Montmartre and 1 min away from the sacré coeur!  I hope you will like how it has been redesigned and it will make your stay unforgetable! The appartment is located on the second floor. However the building in front is only two levels building so you can view the sky from the window. It is a old style appartment with wooden floors and coving to ceiling. The main room is a big three windows area composed of a living room, a dining room and a kitchen space. From the windows (if you turn a little bit your head on the right) you can see the sacré coeur.  The open kitchen is fully equiped (micro waves, oven, induction plates, dishwasher, etc). There is even a wine cellar where you can stock the bottle you want to serve at the best temperature! The bedroom has a nice queen size bed with a top quality mastress. The room has also two windows on little courtyard (this is very useful to have some fresh air in the summer when it is ve	This appartment which is one minutes from the sacré coeur has been completely refurnished recently. It is ideal for a couple which wants to have a romantical stay in Paris! I have completely refurnished the flat which is in the heart of Montmartre and 1 min away from the sacré coeur!  I hope you will like how it has been redesigned and it will make your stay unforgetable! The appartment is located on the second floor. However the building in front is only two levels building so you can view the sky from the window. It is a old style appartment with wooden floors and coving to ceiling. The main room is a big three windows area composed of a living room, a dining room and a kitchen space. From the windows (if you turn a little bit your head on the right) you can see the sacré coeur.  The open kitchen is fully equiped (micro waves, oven, induction plates, dishwasher, etc). There is even a wine cellar where you can stock the bottle you want to serve at the best temperature! The bedroom has
31820	"1 Chambre avec un lit 150 et grand rangement.  1 Salon avec un canapé lit cuir , avec couchage neuf de grande qualité à mémoire de forme. 2 portes (website hidden), Hifi, DVD, Wifi. 1 Salon, Salle à manger  1 Cuisine, avec frigo, congélateur, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, micro-onde, grille pain et bouilloire. 1 Salle de bain, baignoire 1 Toilette séparé -Vaisselle de qualité Wedgwood  Il est situé au 5ème étage, ou vous pouvez dominer  les toits de Paris,  sans ascenseur, mais la personne qui vous accueillera se fera un plaisir de vous aider à monter les bagages. Digicode et interphone. Départ 12 H, Arrivée 16H. Les Frais de ""Ménage"" sont une participation aux frais de fonctionnement: Nettoyage par des professionnels des draps et serviettes, nettoyage et préparation de l'appartement avant votre arrivée, accueil pour le départ et arrivée etc....."	"1 Chambre avec un lit 150 et grand rangement.  1 Salon avec un canapé lit cuir , avec couchage neuf de grande qualité à mémoire de forme. 2 portes (website hidden), Hifi, DVD, Wifi. 1 Salon, Salle à manger  1 Cuisine, avec frigo, congélateur, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, micro-onde, grille pain et bouilloire. 1 Salle de bain, baignoire 1 Toilette séparé -Vaisselle de qualité Wedgwood  Il est situé au 5ème étage, ou vous pouvez dominer  les toits de Paris,  sans ascenseur, mais la personne qui vous accueillera se fera un plaisir de vous aider à monter les bagages. Digicode et interphone. Départ 12 H, Arrivée 16H. Les Frais de ""Ménage"" sont une participation aux frais de fonctionnement: Nettoyage par des professionnels des draps et serviettes, nettoyage et préparation de l'appartement avant votre arrivée, accueil pour le départ et arrivée etc..... 10 mn à pied du Sacré Cœur, à côté de la Mairie Du 18 ème. Dans quartier sympa Bobo "
31821	Ce 2 pièces est assez spacieux pour Paris (49 m2), vous ne serez pas à l'étroit. C'est un appart typiquement parisien avec son parquet et ses fenêtres à l'ancienne, avec une petite touche 50's dans la déco. La cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'une plaque gaz, d'un micro-onde, d'une machine à laver et d'un frigo Smeg. La salle de bains est petite mais elle comporte une baignoire qui peut aussi s'utiliser comme une douche ( elle est équipée d'un tuyau de douche).	"Ce 2 pièces est assez spacieux pour Paris (49 m2), vous ne serez pas à l'étroit. C'est un appart typiquement parisien avec son parquet et ses fenêtres à l'ancienne, avec une petite touche 50's dans la déco. La cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'une plaque gaz, d'un micro-onde, d'une machine à laver et d'un frigo Smeg. La salle de bains est petite mais elle comporte une baignoire qui peut aussi s'utiliser comme une douche ( elle est équipée d'un tuyau de douche). Le 18ème est un quartier plein de charme aux multiples visages. L'appart est à la lisière du quartier africain (Chateau-rouge) et du quartier ""bobo"" (Lamark). Il y a bien sûr Montmartre et le Sacré-Cœur à 5 minutes à pied de l'appart et le quartier Lamark (à 3 min) avec ses restos et ses commerces. Sans oublier le cinéma d'art & essai tout proche, où passent beaucoup de film en V.O...Si vous le souhaitez, je peux vous indiquer des endroits sympas où prendre un verre ou manger dans le quartier. L'appart est situé au pied du métro "
31822	Beautiful and very quiet two rooms apartment with one bedroom and direct view on the Burq Garden.  New sofa bed, more comfortable. New Bed, larger than featured on picture and more comfortable. Sleeps: up to 4 people (One 140cm double bed + 1 high quality sofa bed, 140cm)  Floor: 2nd and 1/2 (by the stairs) (A 2nd floor in Europe means two flights of stairs from main floor).    Subway: Abbesses (L12), Blanche / Pigalle ( L2/L12)  Surface area: 35 m2  Secured building with fob keys, very easy and secured.  Property equipped: TV, Internet, towels, linens, etc.  Sleeping: - A double bed in the bedroom: 140 cm x 200 cm, - A high comfort and daily use convertible couch in the living room: 140 cm x 200 cm.  Unique asset: the apartment's windows face the Square Burq, a lovely little park on the Montmartre hill. A few steps away from Sacre Coeur and Moulin Rouge. Experience Montmartre and discover the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, r	Feel the warm and delicate village atmosphere of this apartment in the heart of Montmartre / Les Abbesses village. Less than two minutes from the nearest metro station, this place will please you ! Beautiful and very quiet two rooms apartment with one bedroom and direct view on the Burq Garden.  New sofa bed, more comfortable. New Bed, larger than featured on picture and more comfortable. Sleeps: up to 4 people (One 140cm double bed + 1 high quality sofa bed, 140cm)  Floor: 2nd and 1/2 (by the stairs) (A 2nd floor in Europe means two flights of stairs from main floor).    Subway: Abbesses (L12), Blanche / Pigalle ( L2/L12)  Surface area: 35 m2  Secured building with fob keys, very easy and secured.  Property equipped: TV, Internet, towels, linens, etc.  Sleeping: - A double bed in the bedroom: 140 cm x 200 cm, - A high comfort and daily use convertible couch in the living room: 140 cm x 200 cm.  Unique asset: the apartment's windows face the Square Burq, a lovely little park on the Mon
31823	Spacious penthouse flat (125 m2) with a panoramic view and big private terrace : This modern apartment is very calm and sunny . It's situated on the top floor of a brand new building with elevator. It has a bright living-room, 3 independent rooms, 2 bathrooms, independent kitchen and 1 toilet.  2 rooms are equipped with double beds, 1 room has a simple bed (possibility of an extra matress on the floor). Big wooden table with integrated benches on the terrasse. The mix of modern and vintage decoration, the wooden parquet and the cosy kitchen give this flat a lot of charme.  Further equipment: high speed internet, TV with 40 channels, (CNN, BBC,..), Playstation  III , DVD Blue Ray reader, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, vacuum cleaner, oven, cooktop, italian coffee machine, electric plancha, electric Raclette and a big fridge with freezer. 	Spacious penthouse flat (125 m2) with a panoramic view and big private terrace : This modern apartment is very calm and sunny . It's situated on the top floor of a brand new building with elevator. It has a bright living-room, 3 independent rooms, 2 bathrooms, independent kitchen and 1 toilet.  2 rooms are equipped with double beds, 1 room has a simple bed (possibility of an extra matress on the floor). Big wooden table with integrated benches on the terrasse. The mix of modern and vintage decoration, the wooden parquet and the cosy kitchen give this flat a lot of charme.  Further equipment: high speed internet, TV with 40 channels, (CNN, BBC,..), Playstation  III , DVD Blue Ray reader, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, vacuum cleaner, oven, cooktop, italian coffee machine, electric plancha, electric Raclette and a big fridge with freezer. The district is alive and trendy, several little shops, restaurants and cafés setteled around the square that faces the apartment. A charmi
31824	I rent my room, during the time when i m not in the city. Large room fully furnished with double bed, wardrobe, shelves, table and chairs.	Big room in Paris 18., close to metro 4,12. 10 min to centre. 10-15 min to Montmartre by walk. All shops and services nearby. Room is fully furnished for two person. You can enjoy Paris with many restaurants, bars, bakeries, etc ... I rent my room, during the time when i m not in the city. Large room fully furnished with double bed, wardrobe, shelves, table and chairs. The appartement is located in the 1.floor. I share this flat with one flatmate.  Kitchen, bathroom with bath, and living room. The flat get a terrace, situated to the court with table for nice breakfast, dinner... Not far from the romantic Montmartre with many bars, restaurants, parks. All in walking distance. By line 4 you are 3 stations from Gare du Nord, on the same line you can go to the Chatelet, or Saint Michel. This line is crossing whole Paris. Line 12  takes you in 3 stations to Abbesses (Montmartre), if you don't want to make a nice walk (10-15 min), after you can continue to Saint Lazare. BUS: 31,60, N14,N44
31825	Located in the 18th arrondissement,  our apartment is on the top floor of typical 19th century Haussmanian apartment building, complete with an elevator. The bright and airy rooms offer comfort and charm, beautifully decorated with antique buffets and armoires. The large bedroom has a comfy queen-size bed, and there’s room for an extra guest or two on the full-size pull-out sofa in the living room. (There is also a portable crib available).  The balcony provides a place to sit and drink your morning coffee or evening glass of wine and enjoy the vibrant street scene below. A small, well-appointed kitchen should meet all your cooking needs. The dining table seats four. The bathroom has a shower over a small tub. WIFI and Cable TV and a DVD player are provided for your use. Guests will have full access to the apartment and its amenities. Guests will be met by our agent to handle key exchange and other logistics.  You may also take advantage of additional concierge services offered by our 	Located in the 18th arrondissement,  our apartment is on the top floor of typical 19th century Haussmanian apartment building, complete with an elevator. The bright and airy rooms offer comfort and charm, beautifully decorated with antique buffets and armoires. The large bedroom has a comfy queen-size bed, and there’s room for an extra guest or two on the full-size pull-out sofa in the living room. (There is also a portable crib available).  The balcony provides a place to sit and drink your morning coffee or evening glass of wine and enjoy the vibrant street scene below. A small, well-appointed kitchen should meet all your cooking needs. The dining table seats four. The bathroom has a shower over a small tub. WIFI and Cable TV and a DVD player are provided for your use. Guests will have full access to the apartment and its amenities. Guests will be met by our agent to handle key exchange and other logistics.  You may also take advantage of additional concierge services offered by our 
31826	The flat has 3 separate bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets as well.	The flat has 3 separate bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets as well. The rented room has a big double bed. You'll have access to the kitchen and the toilets facilities.  You will have the apartment key so you can in and out as you please, 24 hours! My roommate Mathilde and I are living in this apartment in our own private rooms. We'll be happy to help you if you have any questions.  3 minutes walk to the subway line 12 (to Montmartre) bus (phone number hidden)) and tramway (T 3b) 10 minutes walk to subway 2 and 4 (to Père Lachaise, Notre Dame etc).  Direct route to Gare du Nord, Gare Saint Lazare and Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport
31827	Appartement de 30m2 charmant et propre. Bonne literie ( un matelas double en plus). Internet à disposition, douche, wc, cuisine équipée. Pour deux ou trois personnes.	Appartement de 30m2 charmant et propre. Bonne literie ( un matelas double en plus). Internet à disposition, douche, wc, cuisine équipée. Pour deux ou trois personnes. Serviettes propres a votre arrivée. Ainsi que draps du dessous. Prévoyez des draps ou sac de couchage. Tous commerces à proximité. Je serai disponible pour toute question afin de faciliter le séjour. Musée, lieux pour faire la fête... je connais Paris comme ma poche. Et j'aime ma ville. Appartement situé dans un quartier unique et connu dans le monde entier, vous pourrez flâner à votre guise sur les traces des artistes parisiens. Profitez des terrasses et des rues pittoresques de Montmartre pour vous accoutumez du rythme agréable de ce village. Théâtre, Moulin rouge, Sacré coeur (Vue panoramique sur Paris), Place du Tertre, musées, Pigalle et ses extravagances.  Metro Blanche (ligne2), Abbesses et Pigalle (Ligne 12), Place Clichy (ligne 13). Bus. Taxi sur la place blanche.
31828	L'appartement est clair et spacieux, il est situé au 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Pièce à vivre très agréable et nombreuses commodités disponibles (four, gazinière, réfrigérateur et congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière filtre, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, wifi, Tv, machine à laver ainsi que tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner).  Dans le séjour, possibilité de convertir le canapé en lit pour 2 personnes. 	Très bel et grand F1 lumineux! Confortable pour 4 personnes dans un quartier populaire près de Montmartre. Le logement comprend un grand séjour, une cuisine avec salle à manger, une belle salle de bain et un coin nuit cosy et cocooning en mezzanine. L'appartement est clair et spacieux, il est situé au 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Pièce à vivre très agréable et nombreuses commodités disponibles (four, gazinière, réfrigérateur et congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière filtre, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, wifi, Tv, machine à laver ainsi que tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner).  Dans le séjour, possibilité de convertir le canapé en lit pour 2 personnes. L'appartement est à seulement 12 mn à pied de la basilique du Sacré Cœur sur la célèbre Butte Montmartre. L'appartement vous sera totalement dédié lors de votre séjour. Quartier animé, vivant et culturellement riche au pied de la Butte Montmartre. A ne pas manquer: la Basilique du Sacré Cœur, le marché de Château Rouge e
31829	Kitchen fully equiped with a oven, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, and all you may need to cook. In the bathroom you will find a hairdryer and a washing machine. I provide towels and bed linen. 	You will appreciate my apartment well located in Montmartre, less than 5 mn of the Sacré Coeur, next
31830	You are in the heart of the Village Montmartre. + Possible to eat good french food with the owner.	The flat is now available again for you guests. The typical place in the heart of old Montmartre. You are in the heart of the Village Montmartre. + Possible to eat good french food with the owner. You will be have access to a real bed upstairs, to the kitchen. Ideal metro from travelling all around Paris. Two main lines (2, 12)
31831	My quiet flat has a real bed room and living room. It is perfectly located in Montmartre and 150m from Sacré-Coeur. This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle/Montmartre. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette/Printemps and Opera for Shopping. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of supermarket, wine shop, dairy shop, butcher, grocery, a typical market and a lot of bakeries in less than 200 meter of the flat. The metro station is at less than 50 meter: Abbesses. This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris.	My flat is located in a quiet street and yet at the heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge and 2 minutes walk from rue Lepic and place des Abbesses.  It's in a typical Montmartre building. My quiet flat has a real bed room and living room. It is perfectly located in Montmartre and 150m from Sacré-Coeur. This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle/Montmartre. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette/Printemps and Opera for Shopping. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of supermarket, wine shop, dairy shop, butcher, grocery, a typical market and a lot of bakeries in less than 200 meter of the flat. The metro station is at less than 50 meter: Abbesses. This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris.
31832		Vous venez quelques jours à Paris, voici ce studio de 20 m2, à 15 min à pied de la butte Montmartre, impasse damrémont, jolie idéal pour pied à terre quelques jours, kitchenette, canapé-lit, écran, lecteur multimédia, wifi, équipé de tout ce dont vous avez besoin et pas cher!  
31833		Très bel appartement situé dans un immeuble Haussmanien à quelques pas du Sacré Coeur, de la place du Tertre, du Moulin de la Galette et des Abesses. Double séjour sur balcon filant. Chambre sur cour.
31834	Grand duplex 120 m2 proche de la butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur et le Marché aux Puces de Clignancourt.  90 € pour 2 personnes; 150 € par nuit pour 4 personnes. Le premier etage - avec une entree independante - comprend une chambre à coucher, un salon et une salle de bain privée. Le deuxiemme etage est mon logement avec une entrée differente et je partage une grande cuisine accessible par un escalier.    Métro et RER vous transportent en 10-20 minutes a la Gare du Nord, les Halles, et le Quartier Latin.  Bel immeuble classé monument historique (historical landmark), commerces proches.  Équipement: Cuisine complète, Machines à laver, TV, Wifi, Tel gratuit, possibilité parking à 150 m.  Big size apt for Paris standards,1200 sq feet close to butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur and Marché aux Puces de Clignancourt.  90€ per night for one room with 2 beds, or 150 € per night in 2 bedrooms, capacity, 4 guests.  The first floor - with an independant entrance - has a bedroom, a living room and a privat	Grand duplex 120 m2 proche de la butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur et le Marché aux Puces de Clignancourt.  90 € pour 2 personnes; 150 € par nuit pour 4 personnes. Le premier etage - avec une entree independante - comprend une chambre à coucher, un salon et une salle de bain privée. Le deuxiemme etage est mon logement avec une entrée differente et je partage une grande cuisine accessible par un escalier.    Métro et RER vous transportent en 10-20 minutes a la Gare du Nord, les Halles, et le Quartier Latin.  Bel immeuble classé monument historique (historical landmark), commerces proches.  Équipement: Cuisine complète, Machines à laver, TV, Wifi, Tel gratuit, possibilité parking à 150 m.  Big size apt for Paris standards,1200 sq feet close to butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur and Marché aux Puces de Clignancourt.  90€ per night for one room with 2 beds, or 150 € per night in 2 bedrooms, capacity, 4 guests.  The first floor - with an independant entrance - has a bedroom, a living room and a privat
31835	Our flat is a beautiful and lightful 3-rooms that is located at the top of a XIXth building. It is ideally facing west-east. Yard side, kitchen and bathroom are lightful early morning  whereas, street side, rooms and living room are illuminated late afternoon. Perfect to attend sunrise from the continuous balcony. Recently renovated, the flat is both charming and comfortable (well-isolated, quiet and well-equipped).	Welcome in our home sweet home, a lightful 3-rooms that is perfectly located in northern Montmartre, 5th floor with elevator. You will have an entire charming apartment with balcony and view of Sacré-Cœur :-) Our flat is a beautiful and lightful 3-rooms that is located at the top of a XIXth building. It is ideally facing west-east. Yard side, kitchen and bathroom are lightful early morning  whereas, street side, rooms and living room are illuminated late afternoon. Perfect to attend sunrise from the continuous balcony. Recently renovated, the flat is both charming and comfortable (well-isolated, quiet and well-equipped). If you have any question during your stay, do not hesitate to call me or send me an email! Located along the Caulaincourt Street, Custine Street is situated in Northern Montmartre. You will find excellent food facilities and corner restaurants both up and down the hill.  From our place, you are very close to the Sacré-Cœur while avoiding the touristic crowd. Moreover y
31836		Our Haussman apartment is typicaly parisian! The living room is very luminous (south exposition) and spacious (45 m2), with an acces on a balcony. The 2 bedrooms are very quiet. The kitchen is well equiped and very luminous. From the bathroom (with bathtube) you can see the Sacré cœur!
31837	It's about 30 m2, 1 bed room apartment. There are 2 security code at the entrance, so it's pretty safe. The door is made of metal (3 locks) which is safer than the wood one. The bed size is a single, good for one person. There are a bathtub, a sink, and a toilet at the bathroom. The kitchen has 2 gas ranges, a fridge, an electric kettle, a rice cooker, and common kitchen utensils.	This apartment is located at one of the popular spots, Abbesses. From Metro Abbesses, it takes about 3 mins walk, and about 5 mins from pigalle or blanche. Only people not wearing shoes inside home and not smoking are allowed :-) It's about 30 m2, 1 bed room apartment. There are 2 security code at the entrance, so it's pretty safe. The door is made of metal (3 locks) which is safer than the wood one. The bed size is a single, good for one person. There are a bathtub, a sink, and a toilet at the bathroom. The kitchen has 2 gas ranges, a fridge, an electric kettle, a rice cooker, and common kitchen utensils. You can access the entire rooms, except the placards. If you need, you can call me. many restaurants, cafes, bars, some cinemas and theatres, many groceries, even 3 organic stories, many clothing stores, etc..... about 3 mins walk to Metro Abbesses, about 5 mins walk to Metro Pigalle or Blanche, about 10 mins walk to Place de Clichy Check-in time : 15:00~ Check-out time : ~12:00 (If 
31838	chambre meublée , toute équipée, salle de bain privée, toilettes. Accès à la cuisine toute équipée ; internet wifi illimité  libre à partir du 1er Juin 2015 supermarché en  bas de l'immeuble bus à 3 minutes à pied 3 stations de métro ; station de métro Marcadet Poissonnier à 10 mn à pieds calme, ensoleillé présence de deux chats  vue sur Paris et Sacré Coeur	dans appart lumineux, 5ème ét plein sud, terrasse. vue Sacré Coeur, calme confort ; internet wifi illimité métro : lignes 4 et 12 - bus - vélib et autolib en  bas de l'immeuble - supermarché chambre meublée , toute équipée, salle de bain privée, toilettes. Accès à la cuisine toute équipée ; internet wifi illimité  libre à partir du 1er Juin 2015 supermarché en  bas de l'immeuble bus à 3 minutes à pied 3 stations de métro ; station de métro Marcadet Poissonnier à 10 mn à pieds calme, ensoleillé présence de deux chats  vue sur Paris et Sacré Coeur cuisine toilette salle de bain calme, vert, agréable, et facile d'accès.  Paris sans être en plein coeur et brouhaha parisien métro ligne 4 porte de clignancourt ou ligne 12 porte de la chapelle PC bus supermarché au pied de l'immeuble. appartement très calme et lumineux 
31839	Idéalement situé dans le 18e arrondissement: à 5 min. à pieds du métro (lignes 4 & 12), proche de Montmartre et du Marché aux Puces.  70m2. Joliment décoré, calme et confortable, Wifi Convient pour 4 personnes (1 grande chambre + canapé lit) Lit bébé mis à disposition sur demande.  5ème étage avec ascenseur. Pas de vis à vis.  Quartier sympa avec commerces de bouche, restaurant, marché... Pièces : - Grand salon avec espace repas, grande baie vitrée. Canapé-lit pour 2 personnes.  Balcon orienté sud-est.  - Cuisine équipée et ouverte sur le salon grâce à une verrière : four, microondes, Nesspresso, bouilloire, plaque à induction et lave-vaisselle.  - Salle de bain avec baignoire.  - Une grande chambre avec lit-double ____ Ideally located in the 18th arrondissement: 5 minutes walk from Subway (lines 4 & 12), close to Montmartre & the Flea-market (St Ouen) lovely 70m2 flat. Great confort, Free Wifi Suitable for 4 persons (1 large room + sofa/child bed if request). 5th floor with lift. No b	Ideally located in the 18th arrondissement: 5 minutes walk from Subway (lines 4 & 12), close to Montmartre & the Flea-market (St Ouen) 70m2. Well decorated, great confort, Free Wifi Suitable for 4 persons (1 large room + sofa/child bed if request).
31840	The studio has been rebuilt by a designer. Very functional, very quiet and perfectly clean. 4th stair without lift. 	12 square meter studio up market, in Montmartre, 3min from the Sacré Coeur, very welcoming and comfortable.   The studio has been rebuilt by a designer. Very functional, very quiet and perfectly clean. 4th stair without lift. I have been living in Paris for 27 years and i would be very happy to help you giving you some tips about the neighborhood and about Paris. Montmartre neighborhood is a fantastic place in Paris. It's just like a village, with a lot of small streets, small houses and the streets are cobbled. Then, near the metro station Abbesses, it's a very parisian neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, bars , shops, markets and The Wall of the lovers ;) Métro ligne 2 Anvers Métro ligne 12 Abbesses Sofa bed = 120cm The studio may be too small for two people.
31841	Typical Parisian 20 m2 studio ideal to discover Paris from its heart with a stunning view on the roofs & tiny terrasses  Close to all commodities, its Central ideal position with will allow you to reach the most famous places in Paris in 5 to 30 minutes only :) 	Typical Parisian 20 m2 studio ideal to discover Paris from its heart with a stunning view on the roofs & tiny terrasses  Close to all commodities, its Central ideal position with will allow you to reach the most famous places in Paris in 5 to 30 minutes only :) 
31842	Localisation au coeur du quartier animé de Montmartre, cet appartement sécurisé est confortable, lumineux et calme. VUE UNIQUE sur le Sacré coeur, la Tour eiffel et tout Paris. Proche commerces et métro Ligne 2, 4 et 12.	70 m2, grand standing, 8ème étage, grande terrasse, balcon filant, vue  spectaculaire sur le Sacré coeur et tout Paris! Salon et cuisine équipés, SDB spacieuse, baignoire. 2 Chambres avec Vue: 1 Double: lit Queen size et 1 singl (idéal enfant) Localisation au coeur du quartier animé de Montmartre, cet appartement sécurisé est confortable, lumineux et calme. VUE UNIQUE sur le Sacré coeur, la Tour eiffel et tout Paris. Proche commerces et métro Ligne 2, 4 et 12. Accès à tout l'appartement à part la chambre non réservée. En plein coeur du Village Ramey proche du marché St Pierre, à 5 min à pied du Sacré Coeur et du quartier de Pigalle. Quartier animé avec beaucoup de Bars, Clubs et restaurants. Metro lignes 2/4/12 5 min de la Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est, accès RER Aéroport. 20 min de la Gare St Lazare  (à pied). BUS:30/80/ Stations Autolib et Velib en bas de la maison.
31843	Appartement Parisien situé dans le 18ème Arrondissement au Nord de Paris. A 15minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur. 2 pièces de 35m2 situé au premier étage d'un immeuble calme. L'appartement donne sur la cours intérieure de l'immeuble. Le salon avec fenêtre est équipé d'un canapé confortable et d'un grand téléviseur et d'une belle cheminée. L'appartement bénéficie d'une salle d'eau avec une douche et des toilettes séparées. La grande chambre ayant une fenêtre dispose  d'un lit pour 2 personnes et a également une cheminée décorative. La cuisine est équipée d'une machine à café et d'un frigo à votre disposition. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion par WIFI.	Appartement situé dans le 18ème arr, Rue du Ruisseau, à seulement 15min à pied de la Butte Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur. Montmartre est l'une des plus hautes buttes de Paris et la vue du sommet vaut le déplacement. Capacité : 2 personnes Appartement Parisien situé dans le 18ème Arrondissement au Nord de Paris. A 15minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur. 2 pièces de 35m2 situé au premier étage d'un immeuble calme. L'appartement donne sur la cours intérieure de l'immeuble. Le salon avec fenêtre est équipé d'un canapé confortable et d'un grand téléviseur et d'une belle cheminée. L'appartement bénéficie d'une salle d'eau avec une douche et des toilettes séparées. La grande chambre ayant une fenêtre dispose  d'un lit pour 2 personnes et a également une cheminée décorative. La cuisine est équipée d'une machine à café et d'un frigo à votre disposition. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion par WIFI. WIFI Machine à café et frigo Téléviseur Mail et téléphone Le 18ème arrondissement se trouve au nord de 
31844		NOTRE GRAND (100M2) ET CALME APPARTEMENT SE SITUE SUR LA FABULEUSE ET BUCCOLIQUE BUTTE MONTMARTRE !  A PROXIMITE IMMEDIATE DU METRO LAMARCK-CAULAINCOURT (LIGNE 12), DE MARCHES ET COMMERCES, DES THEATRES ET CINEMAS, GRANDS MAGASINS, MUSEES, ETC...
31845	Le salon est équipé d'un canapé 3 places, convertible 140 au couchage très confortable.  internet, wifi gratuit. 1 grande cuisine dînatoire et semi ouverte sur le salon totalement équipée. 1 grande salle de bain avec lavabo parquet exotique,baignoire et meubles de rangement. Une machine à laver. Toilettes  1 chambre à l'étage avec lit 140 très confortable vue sur les toits de Paris,poutres et parquet. Placards  	Véritable duplex de 60 m2 Charme de l'ancien Parquet, situé au 3ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble avec cour arborée avec gardienne.  Chambre sous les toits de Paris  Au pied d'une charmante rue piétonne avec  marché couvert  Le salon est équipé d'un canapé 3 places, convertible 140 au couchage très confortable.  internet, wifi gratuit. 1 grande cuisine dînatoire et semi ouverte sur le salon totalement équipée. 1 grande salle de bain avec lavabo parquet exotique,baignoire et meubles de rangement. Une machine à laver. Toilettes  1 chambre à l'étage avec lit 140 très confortable vue sur les toits de Paris,poutres et parquet. Placards  La cuisine est équipée d'une cuisinière électrique (plaques vitrocéramiques et four), réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, bouilloire, théière, Presse- agrumes électrique. La vaisselle est importante et les ustensils de cuisine nombreux. Tout le linge de maison est fourni (draps, serviettes de toilettes). L'appartement est idéalement situé au coeur d
31846	Situated on the 1st floor of an 18th century Parisian washhouse conversion, this architect-designed loft is very calm yet a walk away from the lively bars, restaurants of Montmartre and Clichy and the famous Sacré Coeur. 	A 100 m2 Loft/apartment (with 20 m2 terrace) on rue Labat, Paris 75018 is available for short-term rental. Check the calendar to see the availabilities regularly updated. Situated on the 1st floor of an 18th century Parisian washhouse conversion, this architect-designed loft is very calm yet a walk away from the lively bars, restaurants of Montmartre and Clichy and the famous Sacré Coeur. The apartment comes with two bedrooms; the master bedroom (a double bed) has walk-in closet, a bath and toilet. The second bedroom has a walk-in shower, it is a baby room. If you are three adults, we provide you with an air mattress. There is a second toilet. The large living space comes with an American kitchen fitted with the latest appliances and a big and comfortable sofa where two persons could sleep easily if you are more than 3 people. It comes equipped with: washer/dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, high speed wireless Internet access, Bose home theater system, and television. It is furnished
31847		Maison très calme et cosy au coeur du quartier animé de Motmartre. Tous commerces et transports à proximité. Idéal pour visiter .
31848	L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein de cœur de paris, au pied de la butte Montmartre, endroit rêvé pour un séjour romantique. Le Sacré Cœur est à 15 min à pied ainsi que le quartier des Abbesses.  C’est un charmant 2 pièces de 43 m2 au 3ème étage(sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode). L'appartement est  très chaleureux et entièrement rénové avec une décoration contemporaine.  Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes et dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires dont vous aurez besoin pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Il est composé: • d'un double séjour avec un salon à l’atmosphère cosy (parquet et cheminées) disposant d’un canapé convertible en lit 2 places fonctionnel et très confortable (matelas Simmons).Il dispose également de la TV, d’une connexion internet wifi et d’une chaîne hifi. • d'une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour et équipée de plaques de cuisson à induction, four/four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, cafetière Nespr	L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein de cœur de paris, au pied de la butte Montmartre, endroit rêvé pour un séjour romantique. Le Sacré Cœur est à 15 min à pied ainsi que le quartier des Abbesses.  C’est un charmant 2 pièces de 43 m2 au 3ème étage(sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode). L'appartement est  très chaleureux et entièrement rénové avec une décoration contemporaine.  Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes et dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires dont vous aurez besoin pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Il est composé: • d'un double séjour avec un salon à l’atmosphère cosy (parquet et cheminées) disposant d’un canapé convertible en lit 2 places fonctionnel et très confortable (matelas Simmons).Il dispose également de la TV, d’une connexion internet wifi et d’une chaîne hifi. • d'une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour et équipée de plaques de cuisson à induction, four/four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, cafetière Nespr
31849	Very nice studio with a panoramic vue. 	Very nice studio. Very nice studio with a panoramic vue. 
31850	Hello, I'll be happy to share my apartment with you. Perfectly located in the Montmartre district - near the metro station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12). 1st floor (no lift). This is a 1 bedroom apartment (my bedroom + the living-room). The living room is shared with me during the day (I'll be very discreet) and become your private room during the night, it is a completely separate room. Bedding: sofa bed for 2 in the living room. In addition, I can provide a cot for a baby. Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine / dishwasher / oven + microwave / Nespresso coffee machine) Bathroom + separate toilet / linen and towels provided Flat screen TV / free high speed wifi / unlimited phone calls on mobiles and landlines in France	Enjoying Montmartre in a typical parisian apartment Hello, I'll be happy to share my apartment with you. Perfectly located in the Montmartre district - near the metro station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12). 1st floor (no lift). This is a 1 bedroom apartment (my bedroom + the living-room). The living room is shared with me during the day (I'll be very discreet) and become your private room during the night, it is a completely separate room. Bedding: sofa bed for 2 in the living room. In addition, I can provide a cot for a baby. Fully equipped kitchen (washing machine / dishwasher / oven + microwave / Nespresso coffee machine) Bathroom + separate toilet / linen and towels provided Flat screen TV / free high speed wifi / unlimited phone calls on mobiles and landlines in France Living room / Kitchen / Bathroom and Toilets I'll be present during your stay (I have my own bedroom) and I'll be happy to give you the best advice to discover Montmartre and Paris. The area is well served by public
31851	joli petit appartement parisien a 3mn de Montmartre, proche du métro 12 et 4 qui relie les principaux sites touristiques. une chambre avec grand lit, et petit canapé avec couchage d appoint, tous commerces a proximité. cuisine, salle de bain, salon.	jolie petit appartement (email hidden)( a pied) de Montmartre, proche du métro 12 et 4 qui relie les principaux sites touristiques. une chambre avec grand lit, et petit canapé avec couchage d appoint, tous commerce a proximité. cuisine, salle de bain, salon. joli petit appartement parisien a 3mn de Montmartre, proche du métro 12 et 4 qui relie les principaux sites touristiques. une chambre avec grand lit, et petit canapé avec couchage d appoint, tous commerces a proximité. cuisine, salle de bain, salon. Vous aurais accès a l appartement, la télé, la wifi,  Avant votre arrivé je pourrais vous fournir tous les renseignements nécessaires et vous prêter les guides de la ville. mon quartier est très vivant, il y a tous les commerces nécessaire, il y a beaucoup de métissage et de famille,. il n y a pas de problème d insécurité . la ligne 4 est une ligne qui traverse paris , vous êtes assez rapidement dans les différents sites touristiques, proche de la gare du nord. metro 12 ou 4 ;( gare mon
31852	- living room with sofa / bed 2 people for a DAILy use, TV flat screen, WIFI - A room with bed 1 person separated from the living room by glass doors and curtains - A room with bed 2 persons stage left - Fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwaves, washing machine, washes dishes(crockery), sticks induction, etc.) - 2 small balconies - Bathroom with bathtub - Toilet separated - Intercom - Internet, - Subway Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon ( ligne 4 ) in 3 mn + numerous buses towards Paris centers express Pleasant district with a market twice a week, many restaurants and trendy bars,  Nice family space in a very sympathical area, in the heart of Paris. For 3 or 4 persons. Thanks to notice that we have fishes. 	Hello I rent you my apartment, ideal for a couple and 2 or 3 children or for 2 couple + 1 person. Charming 2/3 rooms , 70 m2, on the 1st floor, in a building in freestones closed to Montmartre; not far from Lamarck, Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge. - living room with sofa / bed 2 people for a DAILy use, TV flat screen, WIFI - A room with bed 1 person separated from the living room by glass doors and curtains - A room with bed 2 persons stage left - Fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwaves, washing machine, washes dishes(crockery), sticks induction, etc.) - 2 small balconies - Bathroom with bathtub - Toilet separated - Intercom - Internet, - Subway Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon ( ligne 4 ) in 3 mn + numerous buses towards Paris centers express Pleasant district with a market twice a week, many restaurants and trendy bars,  Nice family space in a very sympathical area, in the heart of Paris. For 3 or 4 persons. Thanks to notice that we have fishes. Pleasant district with a market twi
31853	Charming 31 m2 apartment, beautifully furnished and decorated. The apartment is on the 4th floor with a little balcony and no vis-à-vis (!); a south exposure makes the apartment very sunny and bright all year long. A fully equipped kitchen and living area: dishwasher, stove, Nespresso machine, etc. A convertible sofa can double as a little extra bed. Wi-Fi connection.   The double bedroom offers lots of storage possibilities and a beautifully integrated open bathroom. The apartment was designed with lots of attention to detail; most of the furniture is custom build, giving it its unique flair. Located on the boulevard Barbès, 5 min. from the Sacré Cœur and Montmartre, it is in a very lively area with all the amenities one could with for. The next metro stations Chateau Rouge (line 4) and Barbès - Rochechouart (line 2 & 4) are both in 2 min walking distance, taking you within a few stops into the old heart of Paris. 	Charming 31 m2 apartment, beautifully furnished and decorated. The apartment is on the 4th floor with a little balcony and no vis-à-vis (!); a south exposure makes the apartment very sunny and bright all year long. A fully equipped kitchen and living area: dishwasher, stove, Nespresso machine, etc. A convertible sofa can double as a little extra bed. Wi-Fi connection.   The double bedroom offers lots of storage possibilities and a beautifully integrated open bathroom. The apartment was designed with lots of attention to detail; most of the furniture is custom build, giving it its unique flair. Located on the boulevard Barbès, 5 min. from the Sacré Cœur and Montmartre, it is in a very lively area with all the amenities one could with for. The next metro stations Chateau Rouge (line 4) and Barbès - Rochechouart (line 2 & 4) are both in 2 min walking distance, taking you within a few stops into the old heart of Paris. 
31854	Pour une première fois je propose mon appartement sur air bnb! Faites l'expérience avec moi!  :)  Je pars 3 semaines du 20 juin au 11 juillet et je vous propose de vous accueillir pour 1, 2 ou 3 semaines dans mon petit chez moi! ;) Les atouts de l'appartement :  - L'appartement est agréable à vivre et fonctionnel - Il est idéalement situé au bas de Montmartre dans un quartier très commerçant.   - Il est très facile d'accès en transport - Il est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. - La chambre séparée du salon est grande. - Les toilettes sont dans une pièce a part. - L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf. N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions, je réponds rapidement! On peut également faire une visite virtuelle par webcam si vous voulez! :) A bientôt! :)	Cosy petit deux pièces de 30m2 idéalement situé sur le bas de Montmartre dans le quartier dynamique et commerçant de Jules Joffrin dans le 18ème arrondissement Agréable à vivre et équipé c'est un pied a terre idéal pour profiter de Paris. Pour une première fois je propose mon appartement sur air bnb! Faites l'expérience avec moi!  :)  Je pars 3 semaines du 20 juin au 11 juillet et je vous propose de vous accueillir pour 1, 2 ou 3 semaines dans mon petit chez moi! ;) Les atouts de l'appartement :  - L'appartement est agréable à vivre et fonctionnel - Il est idéalement situé au bas de Montmartre dans un quartier très commerçant.   - Il est très facile d'accès en transport - Il est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. - La chambre séparée du salon est grande. - Les toilettes sont dans une pièce a part. - L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf. N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions, je réponds rapidement! On peut également faire une visite virtuelle par webcam si vous voulez! :
31855	Located on the 6th and last floor of the building, quiet and bright apartment. The studio is very pleasant for a couple : it is cosy and spacious.	Lovely studio of 28 m² : spacious main room with sofa (for two) and kitchen fully equiped (hob, washing machine, microwave oven). Large bathroom with storage. 6th and last floor, luminous, perfect for couple. Located on the 6th and last floor of the building, quiet and bright apartment. The studio is very pleasant for a couple : it is cosy and spacious. La rue Marx Dormoy is a busy and lively street : cosmopolitan neighborhood, exotic grocery stores, Indian and African restaurants, covered market near by (marché de l'Olive). 5 minutes to La Chapelle subway (line 2, which crosses Paris from east to west) ; 5 minutes to Marx Dormoy (ligne 12, going Montmartre in 3 stations).
31856	Rent comfortable apartment on the 1st floor with elevator, very calm and bright. Very quiet and secure residence. Ideal to rest from a big day of sightseeing in Paris. 1 living room, 1 kitchen 2 bedrooms, bathroom, 1 toilet. 1 bedroom equipped with a bed, 2 bedrooms with a loft bed for 1 child over 6 years (ask me for child less than 6 years old). Living room with a sofa bed. Equipped kitchen (oven, large fridge, dishwasher, ... Bathroom with bath and washing machine. Separate toilet. Comfortable and well located and well equipped (I live daily).	"Friendly F3 of 60m2 for 5 people comfortably. Very easy to go anywhere in Paris. Very bright and comfortable, it’s ideal for a short stay in the capital. Rent comfortable apartment on the 1st floor with elevator, very calm and bright. Very quiet and secure residence. Ideal to rest from a big day of sightseeing in Paris. 1 living room, 1 kitchen 2 bedrooms, bathroom, 1 toilet. 1 bedroom equipped with a bed, 2 bedrooms with a loft bed for 1 child over 6 years (ask me for child less than 6 years old). Living room with a sofa bed. Equipped kitchen (oven, large fridge, dishwasher, ... Bathroom with bath and washing machine. Separate toilet. Comfortable and well located and well equipped (I live daily). All types of shops nearby (bakery, convenience stores, bars, restaurant), not forgetting the famous "" rue du poteau "" Ornano market (Tuesday, Friday and Sunday), not far from Montmartre (is very walkable ) and 5min walk ""des puces ""."
31857	Welcome to my home. The apartment is situated on the 6th floor (walkup) of a traditional Parisian apartment building dating from the mid-nineteenth century (the building can be seen in a painting by Vincent Van Gogh painted in 1887 from his brother Theo’s room in the next street.)  The flat has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, convection oven, ceramic hob, a washing machine and all the usual appliances. It is equipped with a double bed or single bed, if you prefer. All bed linen and towels are provided. It is a bathroom with toilet. A hairdryer is provided.  It is equipped with  CD player and WiFi. Guests may make use of the extensive library (English, German and French books). There are 2 small balconies with a view to the Sacré Coeur. (Orientation Nord-East with sunrise at the breakfast) The apartment building, which overlooks a quite side-street is very secure with digi-code and entry-phone systems.	    Direct in Montmartre. View on the Sacré-Coeur.    Welcome to my home. The apartment is situated on the 6th floor (walkup) of a traditional Parisian apartment building dating from the mid-nineteenth century (the building can be seen in a painting by Vincent Van Gogh painted in 1887 from his brother Theo’s room in the next street.)  The flat has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, convection oven, ceramic hob, a washing machine and all the usual appliances. It is equipped with a double bed or single bed, if you prefer. All bed linen and towels are provided. It is a bathroom with toilet. A hairdryer is provided.  It is equipped with  CD player and WiFi. Guests may make use of the extensive library (English, German and French books). There are 2 small balconies with a view to the Sacré Coeur. (Orientation Nord-East with sunrise at the breakfast) The apartment building, which overlooks a quite side-street is very secure with digi-code and entry-phone systems. Subway und b
31858		Whether you come for a short trip to discover Paris, or a nice and cosy place to stay… Here you will find both!  Located in the Montmartre area, 10mn from the Sacré-Coeur and close to all ammunities : supermarket is right down, Bars, Restau, Parks...
31859	This really cute, quite, comfortable and romantic apartment is on the first floor of a typically Parisian building with a courtyard secured with a digicode. When renting the apartment, guests will have the whole place for themselves.  The apartement is located Boulevard Ornano, between Porte de Clignancourt (famous for the flea market) and Montmartre (12 minutes by walk), one of the most picturesque and most historical neighbourhood of Paris.  DESCRIPTION This apartement has 2 rooms and is 30m2: -1 entrance with kitchen well fournished (electric and gas heating, oven, fridge, toaster, raclette machine, cutlery, dishes, teapot, coffee maker and everything one needs to cook) -1 parquet bedroom with a bed for two persons (140x200cm),  dressing-table, chest of drawers, bedhead, storage unit, mirrors -1 parquet living room (with sofa-bed for two persons 140x200cm), with paintings, rugs and bookshelves, table for eating or for working, wooden chairs, stools, pouffe, little hi-fi, mirrors -1 	This really cute, quite, comfortable and romantic apartment is on the first floor of a typically Parisian building with a courtyard secured with a digicode. When renting the apartment, guests will have the whole place for themselves.  The apartement is located Boulevard Ornano, between Porte de Clignancourt (famous for the flea market) and Montmartre (12 minutes by walk), one of the most picturesque and most historical neighbourhood of Paris.  DESCRIPTION This apartement has 2 rooms and is 30m2: -1 entrance with kitchen well fournished (electric and gas heating, oven, fridge, toaster, raclette machine, cutlery, dishes, teapot, coffee maker and everything one needs to cook) -1 parquet bedroom with a bed for two persons (140x200cm),  dressing-table, chest of drawers, bedhead, storage unit, mirrors -1 parquet living room (with sofa-bed for two persons 140x200cm), with paintings, rugs and bookshelves, table for eating or for working, wooden chairs, stools, pouffe, little hi-fi, mirrors -1 
31860		Pretty Double-bedroom (38 m2). Living room + bedroom with real bed + big kitchen  + convertible sofa 2 seaters. Can host 1-3 people Clear, clean, bright. Lovely area, typically French (near Montmartre) Public Bike rental station (Velib) and metro station close: Jules Joffrin/ Lamark caulaincourt jules joffrin ou lamark-caulaincourt
31861	Face à la station de métro Marcadet-Poissonniers (20 mètres), cet appartement se trouve au cœur d'un quartier animé du 18e arrondissement de Paris, qui compte de nombreux commerces et restaurants divers. La basilique du Sacré-Cœur est accessible en 15 minutes de marche et la mairie du 18è est toute proche également. De plus, vous pourrez vous rendre directement au centre de Paris en 15 minutes environ grâce à la ligne 4 ou 12 du métro et vous rendre à Gare du Nord en 15 minutes. Très lumineux, l'appartement est situé au 1E  ÉTAGE d'un immeuble calme accessible par Vigik. Il se compose d'une chambre avec cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'un confortable clic-clac doté d'un matelas (140cm X 190cm), de 2 oreillers et d'une couette, d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'un bar avec ses chaises hautes, d'un dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vit	Face à la station de métro Marcadet-Poissonniers (20 mètres), cet appartement se trouve au cœur d'un quartier animé du 18e arrondissement de Paris, qui compte de nombreux commerces et restaurants divers. La basilique du Sacré-Cœur est accessible en 15 minutes de marche et la mairie du 18è est toute proche également. De plus, vous pourrez vous rendre directement au centre de Paris en 15 minutes environ grâce à la ligne 4 ou 12 du métro et vous rendre à Gare du Nord en 15 minutes. Très lumineux, l'appartement est situé au 1E  ÉTAGE d'un immeuble calme accessible par Vigik. Il se compose d'une chambre avec cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'un confortable clic-clac doté d'un matelas (140cm X 190cm), de 2 oreillers et d'une couette, d'une télévision à écran LED de 50 cm, d'un bar avec ses chaises hautes, d'un dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vit
31862		Le charme qu'un quartier animé et coloré, avec vue sur les toits et Montmartre.
31863	Joli 45 M2, dans le style Haussmannien , grande hauteur sous plafond avec parquet, moulures et deux jolies cheminées. L'immeuble est bien entretenu et sécurisé avec double digicode et gardienne. L'appartement est très bien agencé et fonctionnel, pas de perte de place.	A deux pas de Montmartre et des Abbesses :45m2: cuisine toute équipée avec micro-ondes, salle de bain avec baignoire,chambre avec un lit double (140/190). Le charme de l'ancien dans un quartier vivant,c'est l'appartement idéal pour visiter la ville! Joli 45 M2, dans le style Haussmannien , grande hauteur sous plafond avec parquet, moulures et deux jolies cheminées. L'immeuble est bien entretenu et sécurisé avec double digicode et gardienne. L'appartement est très bien agencé et fonctionnel, pas de perte de place. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Tous les équipements sont à disposition des voyageurs, télévision, four, micro onde.... Nous ne serons pas présent la majorité du temps mais sommes à la disposition de nos hôtes si besoin de renseignements ou bonnes adresses dans le quartier. Vous êtes à 10 minutes de la rue du Poteau et de ses marchés typiques ainsi qu'à 5 minutes du quartier Lamarck-Caulaincourt réputé pour ses restaurants et bars, à 15 minutes des Ab
31864	Delightful home about 150 m² ko âges 10 minute from the flea market of Saint Ouen and 10 minute from Montmartre !Idéal for 6-8 people there are 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 toilets and 2 small terraces.One bedroom has bunk beds,two bedroms have bed in 140 and the parentale suite has a kingsize . All of commodités are there: washmachine,dryer, oven, microwave,télévision and DVD. Near the house you can find supermarkets, shops in Poteau street and good restaurants. The métro Line 4 (3minute walk) will take you to the heart of Paris(St-Michel, Châtelet, les Halles, Montparnasse, St Sulpice).With the métro Line 12 you can go to st lazare, Madeleine, département stores. I will be happy to give you Moreau informations ....	Delightful home about 150 m² ko âges 10 minute from the flea market of Saint Ouen and 10 minute from Montmartre !Idéal for 6-8 people there are 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 3 toilets and 2 small terraces.One bedroom has bunk beds,two bedroms have bed in 140 and the parentale suite has a kingsize . All of commodités are there: washmachine,dryer, oven, microwave,télévision and DVD. Near the house you can find supermarkets, shops in Poteau street and good restaurants. The métro Line 4 (3minute walk) will take you to the heart of Paris(St-Michel, Châtelet, les Halles, Montparnasse, St Sulpice).With the métro Line 12 you can go to st lazare, Madeleine, département stores. I will be happy to give you Moreau informations ....
31865	Apartement (2 rooms, 56 m2) in the best part of Paris. Proximity museums, shops, food shops, restaurants and bars. Lightly, at the 1th floor with elevator. Perfect for a stay in Paris. Proximity stations (Metro 12 and 2) and public transports (bus).  Walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Abesses... Many artists had studios or worked in or around Montmartre, including Salvador Dalí, Amedeo Modigliani, Claude Monet, Piet Mondrian, Pablo Picasso, Camille Pissarro and Vincent van Gogh. Montmartre is also the setting for several hit films.  Living Rooms : Spacious living room with confortable  sofa , coffee table, large flat screen.  wi-fi provided Kitchen : Brand new fully equipped kitchen. A window facing a garden - a lot of light! induction, extractor, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer. Bedroom 1 : with queen size bed.  One window. Wooden floor. Big closet Bedroom 2 : with double bed, big closet and one big window. Wooden floor. Bathroom : Slate tiled bathroom wi	Very nice flat for 4 people in the best part of Paris : Montmartre WIFI disponible Apartement (2 rooms, 56 m2) in the best part of Paris. Proximity museums, shops, food shops, restaurants and bars. Lightly, at the 1th floor with elevator. Perfect for a stay in Paris. Proximity stations (Metro 12 and 2) and public transports (bus).  Walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Abesses... Many artists had studios or worked in or around Montmartre, including Salvador Dalí, Amedeo Modigliani, Claude Monet, Piet Mondrian, Pablo Picasso, Camille Pissarro and Vincent van Gogh. Montmartre is also the setting for several hit films.  Living Rooms : Spacious living room with confortable  sofa , coffee table, large flat screen.  wi-fi provided Kitchen : Brand new fully equipped kitchen. A window facing a garden - a lot of light! induction, extractor, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer. Bedroom 1 : with queen size bed.  One window. Wooden floor. Big closet Bedroom 2 : with double b
31866	Charming and very quiet apartment, 25 square meters, in the wonderful neighborhood of Montmartre, for 2 people, 5th floor without lift, bright and comfortable. Old style parquet on the floor, kitchen with view on a courtyard. Bathroom with shower and toilet, WIFI, bookshelf, arrangements, everything for cooking, bed linen, duvet, pillows, towels,... I can give you some tips about the neighborhood et about Paris with great pleasure (restaurants, bars, unknown places to visit,...)  	Charming and very quiet apartment, 25 square meters, in the wonderful neighborhood of Montmartre, for 2 people, 5th floor without lift, bright and comfortable. Old style parquet on the floor, kitchen with view on a courtyard. Charming and very quiet apartment, 25 square meters, in the wonderful neighborhood of Montmartre, for 2 people, 5th floor without lift, bright and comfortable. Old style parquet on the floor, kitchen with view on a courtyard. Bathroom with shower and toilet, WIFI, bookshelf, arrangements, everything for cooking, bed linen, duvet, pillows, towels,... I can give you some tips about the neighborhood et about Paris with great pleasure (restaurants, bars, unknown places to visit,...)  I would love to give you some tips about the neighborhood. We'll have an appointment for check in and check out. Montmartre neighborhood must be one of the most beautiful in Paris. From the studio you can walk to the Sacré Coeur (10min) and to the Moulin Rouge (5min) Supermarket 20meters 
31867	Ce studio de 16 m², calme et lumineux, est situé rue Paul Féval dans le 18ème arrondissement , au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et peut accueillir 2 personnes, au coeur de Montmartre, à 2 mn à pied du Sacré Coeur. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un réfrigérateur, 2 plaques électriques, un four micro-onde, une cafetière électrique, un grille pain, un lave linge, les chaines câblées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, draps, couette, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. Chauffage électrique. Animaux non admis. L'immeuble est équipé avec : un code d entrée. Accès : Métro (ligne 12) / Bus (ligne 80) - Arrêt : Lamarck - Caulaincourt A proximité : Site culturel : 500 m Arrêt de bus : 100 m Métro : 100 m Restaurant : 50 m Supermarché : 100 m Commerces : moins de 50 m Pharmacie : moins de 50 m	Studio au RDC d'une rue pavée, sans circulation, en plein coeur de Montmartre, juste en dessous du Sacré Coeur. Vous trouverez dans l'appartement une cuisine équipée, une machine à laver et l'acces internet (WIFI) gratuit. Ce studio de 16 m², calme et lumineux, est situé rue Paul Féval dans le 18ème arrondissement , au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et peut accueillir 2 personnes, au coeur de Montmartre, à 2 mn à pied du Sacré Coeur. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un réfrigérateur, 2 plaques électriques, un four micro-onde, une cafetière électrique, un grille pain, un lave linge, les chaines câblées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, draps, couette, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. Chauffage électrique. Animaux non admis. L'immeuble est équipé avec : un code d entrée. Accès : Métro (ligne 12) / Bus (ligne 80) - Arrêt : Lamarck - Caulaincourt A proximité : Site culturel : 500 m Arrêt de bus : 100 m Métro : 100 m
31868	The apartment is located in the north of Paris, in a quiet street near Montmartre, 20 minutes walking from the Sacré Coeur, 15 minutes from Champ Elysee by metro line 13 and 5 minutes from Gare du Nord on metro line 4. You’ll find in the area whatever you need: metro (line 4 & 13), street market, restaurants, supermarkets and shops.  Accomodations :  - one bedroom apartment with living room and open kitchen.  - Kitchen with oven, coffee machine, water boiler, dish washer, fridge, all dishes and cutlery  - Bathroom with shower, washing machine, towel warmer.  - Separate WC  - 3th floor with elevator - High-speed Internet access- WiFi or Ethernet cable 	One room Apt 20 mins walk from Montmartre and 10 mins walk from the famous flea market in Porte de Clignoncourt. It is very quiet with windows in the bedroom and living room. The apartment is located in the north of Paris, in a quiet street near Montmartre, 20 minutes walking from the Sacré Coeur, 15 minutes from Champ Elysee by metro line 13 and 5 minutes from Gare du Nord on metro line 4. You’ll find in the area whatever you need: metro (line 4 & 13), street market, restaurants, supermarkets and shops.  Accomodations :  - one bedroom apartment with living room and open kitchen.  - Kitchen with oven, coffee machine, water boiler, dish washer, fridge, all dishes and cutlery  - Bathroom with shower, washing machine, towel warmer.  - Separate WC  - 3th floor with elevator - High-speed Internet access- WiFi or Ethernet cable 
31869	Appt personnalisé et vivant avec une chambre bebe ( ouvert sur demande). Calme et lumineux	Vrai 3 pieces, fonctionnel et agreable - tout confort et tout equipé.  Emplacement idéal pour un sejour à la capitale. Petit cocon pour un sejour amoureux ou jeune famille Proche Montmartre et commerces rue du poteau. Appt personnalisé et vivant avec une chambre bebe ( ouvert sur demande). Calme et lumineux Acces metro ligne 12, arret Jules Joffrin ou ligne 4, arret simplon. Bus 85 vers le Parc du Luxembourg. Lignes 31 depuis gare de l.Est et gare du Nord vers Charles de Gaulle Etoile. Bus 80 pour les Champs Elysees. Monmartbus pour un acces direct au sacré coeur A deux pas de  Montmarte et des puces de Saint Ouen dans un quartier commercant / marché du poteau Acces metro ligne 12, arret Jules Joffrin ou ligne 4, arret simplon. Bus 85 vers le Parc du Luxembourg. Lignes 31 depuis gare de l.Est et gare du Nord vers Charles de Gaulle Etoile. Bus 80 pour les Champs Elysees. Monmartbus pour un acces direct au sacré coeur
31870		charming and comfortable studio down Montmartre, 18 square metres, for couple. kitchenette equipped. 2 minutes walk from métro Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Montmartobus (to Sacré Cœur), in a very nice area with several little food store and restaurants.
31871	-3 chambres, avec un lit 160, un lit 140 et un lit 90. -1 salle de bains (baignoire, lavabo) -1 salle d’eau (douche et lavabo) -2 toilettes séparés (au rez de chaussée et à l’étage) -Cuisine équipée (plaque à induction, four, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, cafetière à piston, bouilloire, grille-pain). Machine à laver. Linge de lit et de toilette fournis. Proximité commerces, marché, Sacré Cœur, cinéma le Louxor et puces de Clignancourt.  Idéal pour une famille avec 3 enfants ou 2 couples. Une caution en espèce sera demandée. 	Duplex 100 m². Très lumineux. Balcon filant. 5ème étage, sans ascenseur. A 5 min à pied de Montmartre-Sacré Coeur, 10 minutes à pied de la place des Abbesses et Pigalle. A deux pas de la station de métro Barbès (lignes 2 et 4) et de la gare du Nord. -3 chambres, avec un lit 160, un lit 140 et un lit 90. -1 salle de bains (baignoire, lavabo) -1 salle d’eau (douche et lavabo) -2 toilettes séparés (au rez de chaussée et à l’étage) -Cuisine équipée (plaque à induction, four, four à micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, cafetière à piston, bouilloire, grille-pain). Machine à laver. Linge de lit et de toilette fournis. Proximité commerces, marché, Sacré Cœur, cinéma le Louxor et puces de Clignancourt.  Idéal pour une famille avec 3 enfants ou 2 couples. Une caution en espèce sera demandée. 
31872	Jolie (et spacieuse) chambre double dans un grand appartement de 100m2 au pied du Sacre Cœur ( métro Anvers ou Abbesses). La chambre comporte un lit double et toutes les commodités (rangement, chauffage,..). Une femme de ménage vient chaque semaine. Vous avez votre propre salle de bain et votre intimité, avec une porte qui vous donne accès à un couloir où se trouvent la chambre et salle de bain. Comme le reste de l'appartement, la chambre a une jolie vue sur le Sacré Coeur :)  Tenue par trois sœurs passionnées de voyage et de rencontres, toujours prêtes à faire découvrir leur fabuleuse ville et donner tous les bons plans sur leurs quartiers préférés ! 	Private bedroom and bathroom in a big apartment (100 sqm) with an amazing view. Very close to the Sacré Coeur (metro Anvers or Abbesse), this flat is ideally located. 3 min away from the bus and metro stations. Lovely and saf
31873	With its four bedrooms and its bathroom with a bathtub, this very spacious apartment (of 90 sq. m., or 135 sq. m. with the converted attic) can host up to 8 people. Thus, it’s the ideal place to stay for families with several children or even for groups of friends wanting to visit Paris. Exposed beams, immaculate white walls, ceiling with mouldings, sober and uncluttered wooden decoration, etc, the place is full of the charm that makes Paris!	Closed to the beautiful Montmartre, this huge apartment will be the ideal place of stay for families or groups of friends and can host up to 8 people. With its white and bright walls, the place is full of charm and cachet ! With its four bedrooms and its bathroom with a bathtub, this very spacious apartment (of 90 sq. m., or 135 sq. m. with the converted attic) can host up to 8 people. Thus, it’s the ideal place to stay for families with several children or even for groups of friends wanting to visit Paris. Exposed beams, immaculate white walls, ceiling with mouldings, sober and uncluttered wooden decoration, etc, the place is full of the charm that makes Paris! The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels  * WIfi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need 
31874	Jolie deux pièces de 42 m² avec salon, chambre, cuisine et salle de bain / toilettes au deuxième étages avec ascenseur. Appartement parisien authentique et romantique, idéal pour les couples. Le salon donne sur une rue vivante et animée et la chambre donne sur une cour intérieure très calme et fleurie. Cuisine moderne équipée de quatre plaques à gaz, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un congélateur, d'un petit four, d'un micro-onde, d'une bouilloire électrique, d'une cafetière, et de toute la vaisselle nécessaire avec aussi une machine à laver le linge. Suite à un dégât des eaux, la peinture d'un mur est écaillé et le robinet est endommagé mais toujours utilisable. Les travaux de réfection aurons lieu en septembre.  La chambre est aménagée d'un grand lit double et d'un placard. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, de toilettes, d'un lavabo avec miroir, d'un sèche-cheveux, d'un radiateur sèche-serviette. Le linge de bain et de maison sont fournis.  Connexion internet haut débit avec wifi et encei	Très bel appartement , authentique et romantique aux pieds de Montmartre dans une rue commerçante vivante et animée. Idéal pour vivre une vraie vie de parisien. Jolie deux pièces de 42 m² avec salon, chambre, cuisine et salle de bain / toilettes au deuxième étages avec ascenseur. Appartement parisien authentique et romantique, idéal pour les couples. Le salon donne sur une rue vivante et animée et la chambre donne sur une cour intérieure très calme et fleurie. Cuisine moderne équipée de quatre plaques à gaz, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un congélateur, d'un petit four, d'un micro-onde, d'une bouilloire électrique, d'une cafetière, et de toute la vaisselle nécessaire avec aussi une machine à laver le linge. Suite à un dégât des eaux, la peinture d'un mur est écaillé et le robinet est endommagé mais toujours utilisable. Les travaux de réfection aurons lieu en septembre.  La chambre est aménagée d'un grand lit double et d'un placard. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, de toilettes, d'un lava
31875		neer montmarte
31876		Nice and cozy flat in the 18 district 4minutes walk from métro Marx-Dormoy  only 4 stations from Montmartre and Pigalle. A short distance walk to Canal de l'Ourq
31877	Very well located in the heart of Paris, in the 18th borough, one of the most popular area, the metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt is at 5 minutes walk, Abbesses 10 minutes walk, very close to shops, markets, groceries, art galleries, coffee shops and restaurants. The district is lovely, animated chic and  safe. The area is tastefully decorated with all the conveniences of home. There is one sunny living room, one bed room, one fully equipped kitchen and one small bathroom completely renovated. The kitchen is fully equipped : microwave, coffee machine nesspresso, toaster, cookware … Full internet WIFI connection, cable TV with international channels, integrated DVD player. The apartment is located on the 6th floor without elevator, of a very typical Parisian building. The acces is via the court by the back stairs. Bed linens and towels are provided. A perfect place to stay and have a great time in Paris !                                                            *** Appartement situé à 5 minu	Very well located in the heart of Paris, in the 18th borough, one of the most popular area, the metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt is at 5 minutes walk, Abbesses 10 minutes walk, very close to shops, markets, groceries, art galleries, coffee shops and restaurants. The district is lovely, animated chic and  safe. The area is tastefully decorated with all the conveniences of home. There is one sunny living room, one bed room, one fully equipped kitchen and one small bathroom completely renovated. The kitchen is fully equipped : microwave, coffee machine nesspresso, toaster, cookware … Full internet WIFI connection, cable TV with international channels, integrated DVD player. The apartment is located on the 6th floor without elevator, of a very typical Parisian building. The acces is via the court by the back stairs. Bed linens and towels are provided. A perfect place to stay and have a great time in Paris !                                                            *** Appartement situé à 5 minu
31878	Je travaille pour des festivals de cinéma et je voyage régulièrement pour mon travail. Ainsi, pendant ces périodes, je loue mon appartement personnel. C'est un deux pièces de 38m2, pour 1 personne seule, un couple ou une famille de 3 personnes. Moins cher qu'une chambre d’hôtel, il est parfait pour ceux qui veulent visiter Paris sans se ruiner.	Quartier typiquement parisien près de Montmartre  2 pièces 38 m², parfait état,  sur cour,calme, 6° étage sans ascenseur, superbe vue sur le Sacré Coeur Appartement équipé avec lave linge, four ,plaques chauffantes, télé, DVD, wifi Proche metro Je travaille pour des festivals de cinéma et je voyage régulièrement pour mon travail. Ainsi, pendant ces périodes, je loue mon appartement personnel. C'est un deux pièces de 38m2, pour 1 personne seule, un couple ou une famille de 3 personnes. Moins cher qu'une chambre d’hôtel, il est parfait pour ceux qui veulent visiter Paris sans se ruiner. L'appartement est très calme, sur cour, situé dans une rue marchande où il y a bon nombre de petits commerces de bouche. Je vous laisse tout ce dont vous aurez besoin: wifi, électroménager, produits ménagers, vaisselle, de bons livres et films !  DESCRIPTIF : 38m2, 2 pièces très calme (cuisine, chambre avec lit 2 places, salle de bains avec douche et wc). CUISINE équipée: 2 plaques gaz, four, frigo/congél
31879	C'est un appartement situé en hauteur, vue dégagée sur le quartier. Appartement lumineux, ambiance chaleureuse et reposante.	Appartement chaleureux et lumineux. Vue très dégagée.   Idéalement situé. Proche du sacré coeur (remontez la rue et vous êtes à Montmartre). Quartier très agréable et rue calme. Appartement proche du métro 4 et 12, et d'une station vélib. C'est un appartement situé en hauteur, vue dégagée sur le quartier. Appartement lumineux, ambiance chaleureuse et reposante. L'appartement se situe en hauteur, il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. Il comprend un lit double (matelas ferme) et un canapé que vous pouvez déplier en lit (il se déplie au sol). Il est équipé d'une machine à laver, four, frigo, congélateur et d'un ventilateur. Je n'ai pas de live box, donc n'ai pas internet.  Attention, la douche est petite et étroite. Déconseillée pour les corpulences fortes. Plusieurs supermarchés, échoppes, boulangeries sont tout près de l'appartement. Un marché en bas de la rue à lieu trois fois par semaine. Si vous voulez quelques adresses dans le quartier, n'hésitez pas. Le quartier est calme et agréable pour se b
31880	Our house is truly an artist’s house, which is located at the end of a long driveway, in a courtyard along with two other houses. (When it’s nice we set up a table outside to eat.)  Entering the house on the ground floor  there is a large office with a computer station and two desks, a tool room with a heater and sink, and a private bedroom, with a double bed and a full bathroom with a really great shower.    Upstairs is a fully equipped open kitchen (dishwasher, Nespresso machine, big fridge and freezer—a nice place to cook), with a WC. Up four steps is a large salon with a big studio window (7m/22ft at the highest point), a flat-screen television, a piano and  a guitar, which you’re welcome to play, artworks, a yoga corner, and an English-language library of art/history/science/fiction/biography books, and a good selection of videos for kids and adults. This is where we spend most of our time. If you have kids we have games and other materials for their escape.  If needed, two people	Our house is truly an artist’s house, which is located at the end of a long driveway, in a courtyard along with two other houses. (When it’s nice we set up a table outside to eat.)  Entering the house on the ground floor  there is a large office with a computer station and two desks, a tool room with a heater and sink, and a private bedroom, with a double bed and a full bathroom with a really great shower.    Upstairs is a fully equipped open kitchen (dishwasher, Nespresso machine, big fridge and freezer—a nice place to cook), with a WC. Up four steps is a large salon with a big studio window (7m/22ft at the highest point), a flat-screen television, a piano and  a guitar, which you’re welcome to play, artworks, a yoga corner, and an English-language library of art/history/science/fiction/biography books, and a good selection of videos for kids and adults. This is where we spend most of our time. If you have kids we have games and other materials for their escape.  If needed, two people
31881	Une vue à couper le souffle à 20 secondes à pied du funiculaire de Montmartre	Un appartement au pied de la place saint pierre, avec vue imprenable sur le sacre cœur, sans vis à vis. Une vue à couper le souffle à 20 secondes à pied du funiculaire de Montmartre Dans le studio je vous laisse l'accès à tout à l'exception de l'endroit ou mes affaires sont rangées.  En dehors du studio vous avez accès à toutes les commodités : restaurant, bar, supermarché très proche. Je travaille toute la semaine mais je suis libre le weekend pour faire visiter Paris L'animation, la vue imprenable sur Paris et le côté villageois qui fait la réputation de Montmartre. Le métro abbesses est à 4 minutes à pied Le métro Anvers est à 30 secondes à pied Les bus sont accessibles à 30 seconde à pied Funiculaire à 20 secondes à pied
31882	Our flat is 100m far from metro station Guy Môquet on line 13. The apartment is 40m2 - there is a large bedroom with a double-bed, a living room + a kitchen & bathroom. The kitchen is fully-equipped & if the weather is hot & sunny, you will enjoy the balcony !	Cosy 2 rooms apartment close to Montmartre ! You will enjoy a bedroom with a double bed and a living room. The apartment is 100m far from Metro Line 13 - Station Guy Môquet. Our flat is 100m far from metro station Guy Môquet on line 13. The apartment is 40m2 - there is a large bedroom with a double-bed, a living room + a kitchen & bathroom. The kitchen is fully-equipped & if the weather is hot & sunny, you will enjoy the balcony ! We are available by e-mail and phone as per your convenience, and ready to welcome you if your arrival / departure time allow us to do so ! We can as well give you some turistic info about Paris, where we love to live !  The neighborhood is very lively with lots of commerces such as butcher's shop, boulangeries, a supermarket is located just at building' foot, and there is a little market with fresh fruits & vegetables available 7/7.  The apartment is of easy access with line 13 (Station Guy Môquet) as well as with the bus n°31. Line 13 can take you up direct
31883	Our flat is typically Parisian. If you enjoy this style, You’ll be delighted. It’s 48 m2, there is a nice living room with a dedicated space for the books and we hope You’ll enjoy it as much as us ! There is one bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. We’re living here and will only rent the flat during holidays or weekends abroad. So please don’t be surprised to find all our stuffs. Once you’ve agreed with that, you’ll enjoy the best part of the flat : its chill vibe, we’re pretty sure you’ll feel home really quick… 	Our flat is typically Parisian. If you enjoy this style, You’ll be delighted. It’s 48 m2, there is a nice living room (with a coach/bed) , a bedroom (with double bed), a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. Our flat is typically Parisian. If you enjoy this style, You’ll be delighted. It’s 48 m2, there is a nice living room with a dedicated space for the books and we hope You’ll enjoy it as much as us ! There is one bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. We’re living here and will only rent the flat during holidays or weekends abroad. So please don’t be surprised to find all our stuffs. Once you’ve agreed with that, you’ll enjoy the best part of the flat : its chill vibe, we’re pretty sure you’ll feel home really quick… All the flat, with everything in the kitchen, the washing machine, the wifi... Our best adresses and tips. With pleasure. Montmartre and the 18th area. One of the coolest area for restaurants and bars. And the really cool south Pigalle Area is only 3 m
31884	L'appartement de 28 m2 possède une petite chambre en mezzanine équipée d'un vrai lit 2 places ainsi qu'un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon. Vous pouvez ainsi séjourner à 2 ou à 4 personnes. Ce logement donne sur une cour, il est donc exceptionnellement calme.	Situé au pied du Sacré Coeur et en plein coeur du quartier mythique de Montmartre, cet appartement calme et cosy bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris. L'appartement de 28 m2 possède une petite chambre en mezzanine équipée d'un vrai lit 2 places ainsi qu'un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon. Vous pouvez ainsi séjourner à 2 ou à 4 personnes. Ce logement donne sur une cour, il est donc exceptionnellement calme. Vous aurez accès au logement entier. Proximité à pied du métro: lignes 4 à 3minutes, 2 (Anvers) et 12 (Abbesses) à 7 minutes , gare du nord à 15 minutes à pied et 5 minutes en taxi.
31885	Private room in a peaceful, typical and spacius flat!  We love to live in what is surely the best location of Paris...just come, discover and enjoy!	"Pierre and Mathias are waiting for you to share a  typical parisian appartment. A double living room and a nice room  in a 70m² apparment. 5 minutes away from Montmarte in a lively neighbourhood. Many transports to reach quickly any place in Paris! Private room in a peaceful, typical and spacius flat!  We love to live in what is surely the best location of Paris...just come, discover and enjoy! Access to everything except our rooms! ;-) Washing machines, oven, bath, double living-room, books and dvd...our place is yours! We adapt ourself to your state of mind and willings. Open-minded and welcoming, we will have pleasure to share nice moments at home and to advice you about places in Paris (we are both from Paris!) All kind of shops and services just down the apartment (including the free bicylcle service ""Velib' "") ! Many people live and work in the neighbourhood: Authentic, lively and safe athmosphere guaranted! 3mn away from the metro station (Jules Joffrin/Mairie du 18ème). Ligne 1"
31886		Very clean and lightly room . Close to Montmarte/Sacré Coeur/Pigalle/Montmartre. Access to kitchen and bathroom all equiped (washing machine, microwave, etc.) Chambre, Salle de Bains, Cuisine It will be a great pleasure to help you discover Paris. I also know how to be discret when people want it. I always want my guest to have a pleasant stay and I keep it mind.  C'est avec plaisir que je vous aiderai pour découvrir Paris au mieux si vous le souhaitez. Je sais aussi me faire discret. C'est donc à votre convenance. J'ai toujours à l'esprit que mes hôtes passent un agréable séjour. Very lively neighboor hood, but the flat is very quiet though. You'll be very close to movier theaters, restaurants, bars, Pigalle, Montmarte and so much more. Quartier très vivant mais appart calme. Proche Cinéma, Pigalle, Restaurants, Montmartre etc. Just next to the subway, train station is La Fourche on the line number 13. You also have buses at the same place to get to other part of the city and discover
31887	2d floor Space and light The sofa can be converted to a bed for a 3rd person. 	"This two room flat is at the second floor, neer shops and metro. It is perfect to discover my favorite place: Montmartre !!! You will enjoy to be just between the classical touristic places and the parisian popular one's ! 2d floor Space and light The sofa can be converted to a bed for a 3rd person. The flat is free for you. It will be a real pleasure to meet you and give you some tips at your arrival, or to go out for a good glass of wine ! Montmartre is for sure a place to see and walk through, to many thing's to see to be told, we will certainly discuss about (email hidden) arrival. One thing i know well is where to find very good wine shops and restaurants. From cheap one's, artisanal one's, to sophisticated one's, you can find everything in here !  Coming from an airport, you will probably go to ""Gare du Nord"" easily, and take metro ligne 4 to ""barbes Rochecouart"", or you can walk from ""Gare du Nord"" (15 minutes maximum). After that, you have many metro lines here: Anvers (ligne 2"
31888	Flat of 42m2 in the heart of Montmartre, famous district of Paris. Very nice dressed stone building. Big kitchen with oven, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, etc... Bed roominess with private entrance and really comfortable bed (dimension of the bed 140mx190m). A cocooning place! Big salon (lounge) with a sofa, a tv, a dvd, wifi and great sound system! Bathroom with a bath and double bowl. Individual toilet. Balcony with view on parc. Subway right downstair (ligne 2). Flat spacious, really luminous on the 5 floor without elevator. Pubs, restaurants,supermarkets on 2 minutes walk. You can join the centre of Paris in 15 minutes with bus or subway or in 30 minutes walk (nice ballad).  You are about 15 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, the canal de l'Ourq. It's a lively area so a little bit noisy but given to you so many possibility to do party!	Flat of 42m2 in the heart of Montmartre, famous district of Paris. Very nice dressed stone building. Big kitchen with oven, coffee machine, fridge, freezer, etc... Bed roominess with private entrance and really comfortable bed (dimension of the bed 140mx190m). A cocooning place! Big salon (lounge) with a sofa, a tv, a dvd, wifi and great sound system! Bathroom with a bath and double bowl. Individual toilet. Balcony with view on parc. Subway right downstair (ligne 2). Flat spacious, really luminous on the 5 floor without elevator. Pubs, restaurants,supermarkets on 2 minutes walk. You can join the centre of Paris in 15 minutes with bus or subway or in 30 minutes walk (nice ballad).  You are about 15 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, the canal de l'Ourq. It's a lively area so a little bit noisy but given to you so many possibility to do party!
31889		Montmartre se trouve à environ 10min à pieds, rue animée avec marché le mercredi et le samedi.  Ligne 13 - station Guy Môquet Ligne 12 - station Lamarck ou Jules Joffrin Bus 95, 60 et 31
31890	Colse to rue Muller in Montmatre nice Studio (32 mq.) ideal for 2 person; with bedroom, living room, Kitchen (no refrigerator), bathroom. Internet and Telephon avalaible.	Colse to rue Muller in Montmatre nice Studio (32 mq.) ideal for 2 person; with bedroom, living room, Kitchen (no refrigerator), bathroom. Internet and Telephon avalaible. Mètro Chateau Rouge
31891		Profitez d'un belle appartement chaleureux dans le 18 ème arrondissement de Paris, à proximité de Montmartre, du métro (5 min) et des commerces, et un salon avec une  cuisine super équipée ainsi qu'une salle de bain et WC séparer.
31892	This beautiful and bright studio is located in the Montmartre area. The closest metro is Guy Mocquet (line 13). BTW link with the rest of the city is excellent. Metro is far five minutes walking. The apartment is situated  in the first floor of a modern building accessible by an elevator. There is a comfortable bed, (160x200), a large closet, international TV channels, WiFi internet connexion, a desk. One bright bathroom with toilettes, a fully furnished american kitchen: fridge, two induction hot plate, microwave, washing machine, dish washing machine. The studio is surrounded of all amenities: restaurants, cafes, bars, markets, post office. Everything. To shop for food is very easy and close, which is very handy. Soak up the sights, smells and sounds of the typical parisian markets with fresh fruits, vegetables, cheese, fish, meat, wines that take place every wednesday and saturday. You can visit the Sacre Coeur easily, La Place du Tertre among other interesting things.	This beautiful and bright studio is located in the Montmartre area. The closest metro is Guy Mocquet (line 13). BTW link with the rest of the city is excellent. Metro is far five minutes walking. The apartment is situated  in the first floor of a modern building accessible by an elevator. There is a comfortable bed, (160x200), a large closet, international TV channels, WiFi internet connexion, a desk. One bright bathroom with toilettes, a fully furnished american kitchen: fridge, two induction hot plate, microwave, washing machine, dish washing machine. The studio is surrounded of all amenities: restaurants, cafes, bars, markets, post office. Everything. To shop for food is very easy and close, which is very handy. Soak up the sights, smells and sounds of the typical parisian markets with fresh fruits, vegetables, cheese, fish, meat, wines that take place every wednesday and saturday. You can visit the Sacre Coeur easily, La Place du Tertre among other interesting things. WiFi, free ph
31893	Notre studio est très calme, proche de toute commodité dans un quartier très typique ! Il est situé au 2ème étage sur cour avec une grande fenêtre. 	Charmant studio au cœur de Montmartre de 25m² refait à neuf pour deux personne cherchant le calme, très bien situé proches des sites touristiques de Paris et des métros ligne 2, 13 et 12. Notre studio est très calme, proche de toute commodité dans un quartier très typique ! Il est situé au 2ème étage sur cour avec une grande fenêtre. Vous avez accès au logement entier en respectant chacune de nos affaires. La cuisine est également à votre disposition si vous souhaitez cuisiner malgré le fait que notre quartier regorge de délicieux restaurants ! N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour toutes questions ! Nous sommes exactement situés à côté du cimetière de Montmartre entre Lamarck Caulaincourt, Abbesses et la place de Clichy. Le Sacré Coeur et le quartier touristique de Montmartre sont à 5 minutes à pied du logement! Ici vous trouverez une réelle vie de quartier parisien moins touristique et plus authentique! L'appartement est situé à 5 minutes à pied du métro Lamarck caulaincourt ( L12) d'u
31894	Our appartment is a familial place where 6 people could easily stay (95m2).The area is very closed to Abbesses, Batignolles, and Sacré Coeur (10 mn walking) The apartment is composed of 5 rooms with 3 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a queen size bed;1 bedroom with 2 beds individuals; 1 bedroom for children between 0 and 2 years old.. Our sofa can be used as a queen size bed too. The bathroom is simple and functional with a bath. The kitchen is fully furnished (dishwasher, toaster, fridge, hoven...) In the area, you could reach by walk Sacré Coeur (10mn), place du Tertre (15mn), shopping at Abesses (10mn), Moulin Rouge (5mn), Cimetery of Montmartre (2mn), lot of varieted, bars and clubs also. All kind of shops in the area. The buses will bring you to the Champs Elysées, to the Eiffel Tower or to Louvre or Saint Germain des Près, even the subway lines 2, 12 and 13.	Our appartment is a familial place where 6 people could easily stay (95m2).The area is very closed to Abbesses, Batignolles, and Sacré Coeur (10 mn walking) The apartment is composed of 5 rooms with 3 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a queen size bed;1 bedroom with 2 beds individuals; 1 bedroom for children between 0 and 2 years old.. Our sofa can be used as a queen size bed too. The bathroom is simple and functional with a bath. The kitchen is fully furnished (dishwasher, toaster, fridge, hoven...) In the area, you could reach by walk Sacré Coeur (10mn), place du Tertre (15mn), shopping at Abesses (10mn), Moulin Rouge (5mn), Cimetery of Montmartre (2mn), lot of varieted, bars and clubs also. All kind of shops in the area. The buses will bring you to the Champs Elysées, to the Eiffel Tower or to Louvre or Saint Germain des Près, even the subway lines 2, 12 and 13.
31895	Charmant appartement, bien agencé et lumineux de 40m2 situé dans un havre de paix du 18e arrondissement. L’appartement est au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble haussmanien. Parquet, moulures et boiseries se retrouvent dans le salon et la chambre. Le salon est décoré avec simplicité et bénéficie d’une luminosité exceptionnelle. La cuisine séparée dispose de toute la vaisselle et des accessoires nécessaires pour cuisiner soit-même, d’une table et deux chaises. L'équipement électroménager comprend machine à laver, four traditionnel, réfrigérateur et plaques de cuisson. La machine à café est à votre disposition. Dans la chambre vous trouverez un confortable lit double et grand placard avec penderie. le canapé du salon peut également faire office de couchage 1 personne. la salle de bain dispose d’un lavabo, d’une baignoire et d’un sèche serviette. Les toilettes sont séparées. Lovely apartment, well arranged and bright 40m2 located in a peaceful 18th arrondissement. The apartment is on	Très bel appartement, bien agencé et lumineux de 40m2 situé dans un havre de paix du 18e arrondissement. Charmant appartement, bien agencé et lumineux de 40m2 situé dans un havre de paix du 18e arrondissement. L’appartement est au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble haussmanien. Parquet, moulures et boiseries se retrouvent dans le salon et la chambre. Le salon est décoré avec simplicité et bénéficie d’une luminosité exceptionnelle. La cuisine séparée dispose de toute la vaisselle et des accessoires nécessaires pour cuisiner soit-même, d’une table et deux chaises. L'équipement électroménager comprend machine à laver, four traditionnel, réfrigérateur et plaques de cuisson. La machine à café est à votre disposition. Dans la chambre vous trouverez un confortable lit double et grand placard avec penderie. le canapé du salon peut également faire office de couchage 1 personne. la salle de bain dispose d’un lavabo, d’une baignoire et d’un sèche serviette. Les toilettes sont séparées. Lovel
31896	Welcome to your warm home in the City of Light! Make yourself comfortable in your large, bright living room which has exposed ceiling beams, reinforcing the cozy atmosphere. Your well-equipped kitchen opens into the lounge, so you can prepare drinks to celebrate the start of your vacations and after enjoy them with your family or friends around a large dining table!Go up the stairs to access your spacious and comfortable loft bedroom. And for the purest relaxation, choose between the modern shower or a bath in the lovely footed bathtub.	Welcome to your warm home in the City of Light! Make yourself comfortable in your large, bright living room which has exposed ceiling beams, reinforcing the cozy atmosphere. Your well-equipped kitchen opens into the lounge, so you can prepare drinks to celebrate the start of your vacations and after enjoy them with your family or friends around a large dining table!Go up the stairs to access your spacious and comfortable loft bedroom. And for the purest relaxation, choose between the modern shower or a bath in the lovely footed bathtub.
31897	Cet appartement dispose: - d'un salon avec balcon et une vue sur montmartre, grande table à manger, canapé pouvant faire office de couchage. - D'une chambre avec balcon et une vue dégagée, d'un grand lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, de rangements. - D'une cuisine équipée (four, plaque, bouilloire, frigo, congélateur et lave linge) avec un grand espace pour cuisiner et une petite table d'appoint. - D'une salle de bain avec baignoire.	Appartement très lumineux de 35 m2 au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble. Profitez d'une vue incroyable depuis les deux balcons de la chambre et du salon, orienté plein sud. Joliment décoré cet appartement peut accueillir 3 personnes. Cet appartement dispose: - d'un salon avec balcon et une vue sur montmartre, grande table à manger, canapé pouvant faire office de couchage. - D'une chambre avec balcon et une vue dégagée, d'un grand lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, de rangements. - D'une cuisine équipée (four, plaque, bouilloire, frigo, congélateur et lave linge) avec un grand espace pour cuisiner et une petite table d'appoint. - D'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le logement est loué dans sa totalité. Que je sois à Paris ou ailleurs pendant la location, je reste très joignable et en cas de problème il y a une aimable concierge s'occupant de l'immeuble. Le quartier est au pied de la butte de montmartre, il est extrèmement vivant avec des rues commerçantes. Il attire de no
31898	Cet appartement totalement rénové peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes. Il se compose de 2 chambres avec chacune un lit pour 2 personnes et le salon offre 4 couchages supplémentaires avec 2 canapés lits de 2 personnes. Il est également de 2 salles de bains, l'une avec baignoire, vous pourrez prendre un bain en contemplant la basilique, l'autre avec une douche. Il y a également 2 WC. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est totalement équipée y compris d'un lave-vaisselle. La table prévue pour 8 personnes vous permet de prendre vos repas comme à la maison De nombreux placard et un dressing vous permettront de ranger toutes vos affaires. 	Que vous soyez dans le salon ou dans la chambre vous faites face à la magnifique basilique du Sacré-Coeur et en prime sur la Tour Eiffel !  La 2ème chambre vous offre une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Cet appartement totalement rénové peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes. Il se compose de 2 chambres avec chacune un lit pour 2 personnes et le salon offre 4 couchages supplémentaires avec 2 canapés lits de 2 personnes. Il est également de 2 salles de bains, l'une avec baignoire, vous pourrez prendre un bain en contemplant la basilique, l'autre avec une douche. Il y a également 2 WC. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est totalement équipée y compris d'un lave-vaisselle. La table prévue pour 8 personnes vous permet de prendre vos repas comme à la maison De nombreux placard et un dressing vous permettront de ranger toutes vos affaires. Dès réception de la validation de votre réservation, je vous adresse via Airbnb l'ensemble des informations qui vous permettront d'accéder à l'appartement 
31899	"IDEALLY LOCATED  -       2 min walk from the metro station Guy Môquet (line 13)       -       10 min walk from the Lamarck Caulaincourt station (line 12) and the Place de Clichy (line 2) -20 min walk from Sacré Cœur -        Bus n° 31 at Guy Moquet goes to Gare du Nord in 20 minutes -      Supermarkets and beckeries are between 2 and 5 minutes from the apartment.  DESCRIPTION OF THE LIVING ROOM (YOUR PRIVATE ROOM) 215p²  (20m²) for you!  There is a lovely west facing room with a great view of typical Haussmann buildings. The street is very quiet! Your room contains a sofa bed for one or two people with its own doors, a large window, an eating area, a 42"" plasma HD TV and a lovely private balcony.   The bed is great! Everyone who slept there said the same....what a great bed!! I bought the mattress very recently and yes it's very comfortable for your back (it's not a cheap one) Towels, sheets, pillows, hairdryer and Wifi are also provided. DESCRIPTION OF THE APARTMENT The apt is in a ty"	"IDEALLY LOCATED  -       2 min walk from the metro station Guy Môquet (line 13)       -       10 min walk from the Lamarck Caulaincourt station (line 12) and the Place de Clichy (line 2) -20 min walk from Sacré Cœur -        Bus n° 31 at Guy Moquet g IDEALLY LOCATED  -       2 min walk from the metro station Guy Môquet (line 13)       -       10 min walk from the Lamarck Caulaincourt station (line 12) and the Place de Clichy (line 2) -20 min walk from Sacré Cœur -        Bus n° 31 at Guy Moquet goes to Gare du Nord in 20 minutes -      Supermarkets and beckeries are between 2 and 5 minutes from the apartment.  DESCRIPTION OF THE LIVING ROOM (YOUR PRIVATE ROOM) 215p²  (20m²) for you!  There is a lovely west facing room with a great view of typical Haussmann buildings. The street is very quiet! Your room contains a sofa bed for one or two people with its own doors, a large window, an eating area, a 42"" plasma HD TV and a lovely private balcony.   The bed is great! Everyone who slept ther"
31900	Immeuble brique et pierre de taille avec de magnifiques bow window ... vous ne pouvez pas le rater dans la rue ! Intérieur confortable et accueillant, déco chinée aux puces et antiquaires à proximité. Appartement d'artiste plasticien parisien. Parquet moulures et agencement en escargot, la chambre est protégée des bruits de Paris, tandis que le double séjour profite de la lumière et de l'animation de la rue. Plusieurs fauteuils canapé et tapis ainsi qu'une cuisine moderne et équipée et une grande douche.	Appartement élégant, typiquement parisien, immeuble fin 19e en brique, magnifique bow window, trés lumineux. Double séjour confortable, canapé lit, chambre calme sur cours, cuisine équipée et grande douche. A 10mn de Montmartre et du marché des antiquaires. 2 à 4 pers. Immeuble brique et pierre de taille avec de magnifiques bow window ... vous ne pouvez pas le rater dans la rue ! Intérieur confortable et accueillant, déco chinée aux puces et antiquaires à proximité. Appartement d'artiste plasticien parisien. Parquet moulures et agencement en escargot, la chambre est protégée des bruits de Paris, tandis que le double séjour profite de la lumière et de l'animation de la rue. Plusieurs fauteuils canapé et tapis ainsi qu'une cuisine moderne et équipée et une grande douche. Cuisine équipée, accés internet wifi fibre numérique, un coin salon et un coin bibliothèque bureau, un canapé convertible d'appoint... idéal pour 2 ou pour 4 Je serai présent si c'est possible, je laisserai mes adresses 
31901	C'est un appartement récemment rénové, qui peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il vous fera rapidement sentir comme à la maison.	Charmant 2 pièces, idéal pour séjour entre amis ou en amoureux. Quartier accessible : lignes 12 (Jules Joffrin - 5 minutes), 4 (Simplon - 10 minutes), et 13 (Guy Môquet - 10 minutes). Wifi disponible. C'est un appartement récemment rénové, qui peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il vous fera rapidement sentir comme à la maison. - Wifi - Cuisine équipée - Lave-linge - 1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 personnes - 1 séjour avec clic-clac - TV Tout au long du séjour, n'hésitez pas à me contacter en cas de besoin. A votre arrivée, je vous ferai visiter l'appartement et vous donnerai des détails sur le règlement intérieur. Je mets à votre disposition des adresses que je vous recommande dans le quartier (bars, restaurants, musées, lieux incontournables...). Jules Joffrin dispose de tous les avantages de Montmartre sans ses inconvénients. C'est un quartier calme, une sorte de village au cœur de Paris, mais qui sait s'animer. Familial et jeune, cosmopolite, j'aime ce quartier pour sa diversité, sa mixit
31902	All furnished and really confortable, this is a sunny and confy 2 br apartment located on the top floor (5th floor, no elevator) giving on a quiet street. This in an Ideal place for 2 people. This flat is located near Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (15-20 min walk).The neighborhood is both hipster and popular, and really nice to live in. The district is getting more and more interesting, with new places to have a drink or dinner, very inspired by the Parisian fooding trend. You’ll also find the most traditional exotic restaurants and a very mixed ambient. The terraces around are great in summer, there is a super nice coffee shop, a new wine restaurant, and so on… The 104 - a great place for contemporary art and urban dancing sessions - is 5 min walk from the flat.  5 min walk is also a park (basketball, running, taïchi activities).  15 min walk, the Canal Saint Martin (skate park, great beer bars, great restaurants, a very nice spirit with no cars during the week-end). There are plenty	All furnished and really confortable, this is a sunny and confy 2 br apartment located on the top floor giving on a quiet street. This in an Ideal place for 2 people. This flat is located near Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur. All furnished and really confortable, this is a sunny and confy 2 br apartment located on the top floor (5th floor, no elevator) giving on a quiet street. This in an Ideal place for 2 people. This flat is located near Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (15-20 min walk).The neighborhood is both hipster and popular, and really nice to live in. The district is getting more and more interesting, with new places to have a drink or dinner, very inspired by the Parisian fooding trend. You’ll also find the most traditional exotic restaurants and a very mixed ambient. The terraces around are great in summer, there is a super nice coffee shop, a new wine restaurant, and so on… The 104 - a great place for contemporary art and urban dancing sessions - is 5 min walk from the flat. 
31903	Charming 28 m² in the heart of Abbesses, just 5 minutes walking from the Sacre Coeur. Located  in 14 Rue Tholozé (near the metro stations Blanche or Abbesses), the appartment is on the basement facing a small and quiet courtyard. Ideal for 3 persons, the flat has a double bedroom, a bathroom (with shower and a washing machine), a living room with a fully furnished kitchenette (4 cooking plates, dishwasher, fridge and freezer), a table for 4, an armchair, a convertible sofa (for 1 adult or 2 children), a digital TV and an Internet wireless connection. Towels and sheets are included. The price is 500 Euros per week or 80 Euros per night (minimum 2 nights).	Charming 28 m² in the heart of Abbesses, just 5 minutes walking from the Sacre Coeur. Located  in 14 Rue Tholozé (near the metro stations Blanche or Abbesses), the appartment is on the basement facing a small and quiet courtyard. Ideal for 3 persons, the flat has a double bedroom, a bathroom (with shower and a washing machine), a living room with a fully furnished kitchenette (4 cooking plates, dishwasher, fridge and freezer), a table for 4, an armchair, a convertible sofa (for 1 adult or 2 children), a digital TV and an Internet wireless connection. Towels and sheets are included. The price is 500 Euros per week or 80 Euros per night (minimum 2 nights).
31904		Studio à louer meublé et tout équipé (vaisselle...), 24m² situé entre la Butte Montmartre et le marché aux puces – à proximité immédiate des nombreux commerces de la rue du Poteau (Monoprix, boulangeries, bars, etc…) Vrai lit 2 places - escamotable
31905		Studio close to Sacre Coeur Gardens, fully equipped , shops, theaters, clubs, museums, restaurants in the near.  Quiet and bright, secure, 3rd floor with elevator in the most touristic quarter . Transportation busses, metro, taxi, direct to major tra
31906	Right in the parisian city life, i'am subletting a very calm and spacious flat. Well furnished, it includes a spacious living room, an open kitchen with 4 gas cookers and electric stove, a bathroom, the toilets seprate and a luminous bedroom (double matress). Bonus : there are two balconys, one furnished with a little table and two chairs. It's located two minutes from the subway station. Very closed from the best spots of Paris city : 5 min walk from the canals (Canal de l'Ourcq + Canal St Martin). 15 minutes by foot from Montmartre, Belleville and la Villette. Ideal for a couple or 3 people. My place is very cool and multicultural quartier. We can arrange the date of the entrance in the flat if needed. BIENVENUE À PARIS! PS : Be sure to get the key before to get out cause when the door is slammed you can not open it again form the outside without the keys.	No benefits I just rent the loan amount!  Do not hesitate to contact me if i may reply your questions. The flat is very lighty, very comfy. Not suitable for disabled people cause it's at the 6th floor without lift. Right in the parisian city life, i'am subletting a very calm and spacious flat. Well furnished, it includes a spacious living room, an open kitchen with 4 gas cookers and electric stove, a bathroom, the toilets seprate and a luminous bedroom (double matress). Bonus : there are two balconys, one furnished with a little table and two chairs. It's located two minutes from the subway station. Very closed from the best spots of Paris city : 5 min walk from the canals (Canal de l'Ourcq + Canal St Martin). 15 minutes by foot from Montmartre, Belleville and la Villette. Ideal for a couple or 3 people. My place is very cool and multicultural quartier. We can arrange the date of the entrance in the flat if needed. BIENVENUE À PARIS! PS : Be sure to get the key before to get out cause 
31907	Our charming studio for two is for rent for your stay in beautiful Paris, the city of Lights. This fully equipped and brightly lit 20 sq meter (215 sq ft) studio, with its elegant decor, makes it ideal both for pampering yourself for a few nights or for a longer stay. The Montmartre area is one of the quaintest neighbourhoods in Paris, with plenty of cafes, bars and restaurants and cultural activities to suit every taste and need. It is located 5 minutes by walk from the renowned Sacré Coeur Basilica in Paris, and is within walking distance to various metro stations that lead to famous landmarks all around the city. You will feel very much at home in the charming and stylishly furnished 6th floor studio that offers every amenity (except an elevator). Rental features -Bed linen provided -Full HD TV -DVD and Blu-Ray player -High-speed Internet -WiFi -Microwave -Oven -Coffee maker -Refrigerator -Induction cooktop -Toaster -Kitchen ustensils provided -Shower -Towels provided -Dishwasher Th	Our charming studio for two is for rent for your stay in beautiful Paris, the city of Lights. This fully equipped and brightly lit 20 sq meter (215 sq ft) studio, with its elegant decor, makes it ideal both for pampering yourself for a few nights or for a longer stay. The Montmartre area is one of the quaintest neighbourhoods in Paris, with plenty of cafes, bars and restaurants and cultural activities to suit every taste and need. It is located 5 minutes by walk from the renowned Sacré Coeur Basilica in Paris, and is within walking distance to various metro stations that lead to famous landmarks all around the city. You will feel very much at home in the charming and stylishly furnished 6th floor studio that offers every amenity (except an elevator). Rental features -Bed linen provided -Full HD TV -DVD and Blu-Ray player -High-speed Internet -WiFi -Microwave -Oven -Coffee maker -Refrigerator -Induction cooktop -Toaster -Kitchen ustensils provided -Shower -Towels provided -Dishwasher Th
31908	Please fell free to ask for more details or if you have any questions. Best Antoine.	Come & Visit Paris living in the best neighbourhood ! 42 m2 apartment with 18 m2 terrasse is on the fifth floor in a quiet street near Montmartre (10 mn by foot). A large bay window overlooking a terrace facing southeast. Sun all day. Near subway. Please fell free to ask for more details or if you have any questions. Best Antoine.
31909	Filled with artworks by Terry Ritchardson, Yves Saint Laurent and other artists, this apartment is a real galery of art and design, and a true cabinet of curiosities! Greatly decorated but still cosy and warm.	"Gorgeous cosy 1-bedroom apartment in the heart of Montmartre. At the bottom of the ""butte"", a few steps away from the Sacred Heart, this beautifully decorated fully-furnished apartment is the best spot to drop your stuff and settle down to visit Paris. Filled with artworks by Terry Ritchardson, Yves Saint Laurent and other artists, this apartment is a real galery of art and design, and a true cabinet of curiosities! Greatly decorated but still cosy and warm. Metro Abbesses (M12), 80 bus and Montmartrobus. Montmartre (French pronunciation: [mɔ̃.maʁtʁ]) is a large hill in Paris's 18th arrondissement. It is 130 metres high and gives its name to the surrounding district, part of the Right Bank in the northern section of the city. The historic district established by the City of Paris in 1995 is bordered by rue Caulaincourt and rue Custine on the north; rue de Clignancourt on the east; boulevard Clichy and boulevard Rochechouart to the south; and rue Caulaincourt to the on the North,[1] con"
31910	Appartement au 4e et dernier étage sans ascenseur : séjour plein sud, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, cuisine séparée et deux chambres indépendantes. Apartment on the 4th and last floor, without elevator : living room facing south, bathroom with bathtube, separate kitchen and two rooms. J'occupe la première chambre. La seconde chambre (environ 8/9m2) est celle à louer : lit double, petit bureau et un pan d'armoire pour y mettre vos affaires.  I'm in the first room. The second room is for rent (8/9m2) : double bed, small desk and some space in the wardrobe for your clothes. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier de Montmartre, dans une grande  copropriété, avec en son cœur, un magnifique jardin privatif exceptionnel, qui favorise l'échange et la convivialité. The apartment is located into a big, beautiful and quiet garden, really typical from Montmartre.	Appartement en dernier étage dans le quartier de Montmartre (5 mins à pied). Au cœur d'une copropriété avec jardin classé, très calme et lumineux (sud). Chambre indépendante à louer (8/9m2), cuisine, salle de bain et double séjour à partager. Appartement au 4e et dernier étage sans ascenseur : séjour plein sud, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, cuisine séparée et deux chambres indépendantes. Apartment on the 4th and last floor, without elevator : living room facing south, bathroom with bathtube, separate kitchen and two rooms. J'occupe la première chambre. La seconde chambre (environ 8/9m2) est celle à louer : lit double, petit bureau et un pan d'armoire pour y mettre vos affaires.  I'm in the first room. The second room is for rent (8/9m2) : double bed, small desk and some space in the wardrobe for your clothes. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier de Montmartre, dans une grande  copropriété, avec en son cœur, un magnifique jardin privatif exceptionnel, qui favorise l'échange et
31911	"Ce grand et beau 2 pièces de 45m2 est situé au pied du Sacré Coeur et de la butte Montmartre! Idéal pour découvrir Paris en amoureux! L'appartement est loué meublé avec un canapé, un fauteuil, une table haute et deux tabourets, 1 lit, TV et internet, cuisine équipée. Il y a une pièce ""fourre-tout' où il est  très pratique de ranger ses affaires, surtout si location de moyenne à longue durée!  ATTENTION: Les meubles figurant sur les photos ne s'y trouveront pas pas, sauf pour ceux évoqués ci dessus. A très bientôt,"	"Entre Château Rouge et Montmartre, idéal pour un séjour amoureux, curieux, aventureux ou rêveur à Paris! Ce beau et grand 2pièces bénéficie d'une double exposition. Traversant, il est très lumineux. Ce grand et beau 2 pièces de 45m2 est situé au pied du Sacré Coeur et de la butte Montmartre! Idéal pour découvrir Paris en amoureux! L'appartement est loué meublé avec un canapé, un fauteuil, une table haute et deux tabourets, 1 lit, TV et internet, cuisine équipée. Il y a une pièce ""fourre-tout' où il est  très pratique de ranger ses affaires, surtout si location de moyenne à longue durée!  ATTENTION: Les meubles figurant sur les photos ne s'y trouveront pas pas, sauf pour ceux évoqués ci dessus. A très bientôt, Accès sécurisé (gardien, digicode). A 2 stations de métro de la Gare du Nord, avec RER B direct jusqu'à l'aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Disponible (sauf en pleine nuit) pour tout contact, information/renseignement. A l'angle Barbès/Doudeauville, juste au pied de la butte M"
31912	Charming one bedroom apartment close to the Sacre Coeur, rent for your weekend or holiday in Paris.  Ideal for two people, the apartment is located in a quiet street on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building (flooring, moldings, fireplaces and even two ...). Accommodation ideally arranged with living room, separate kitchen, separate toilet and bathroom (shower).  	"Charming 2 bedroom apartment, ideal for 2 people to the Sacré Coeur, between Jules Joffrin Metro Lamarck and Marcadet Poissonnier for your weekend or holiday in Paris. And tranquility in this appointment are fully equipped nest. Charming one bedroom apartment close to the Sacre Coeur, rent for your weekend or holiday in Paris.  Ideal for two people, the apartment is located in a quiet street on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building (flooring, moldings, fireplaces and even two ...). Accommodation ideally arranged with living room, separate kitchen, separate toilet and bathroom (shower).  Enjoy all the comforts available (TV - Internet Wi-Fi - landline unlimited local calls - washing machine - fridge - linen and towels provided - Nespresso ...) and (email hidden)ly area, close to shops , bars, restaurants. And as I love my life in Paris, I would love to share with you my favorite places and introduce you to life in the neighborhood!  Nearby Metro:  3 minutes approx. walk to ""Jules"
31913	In the famous district of Montmartre close to Sacre Coeur (300m), on the first floor of an Haussmanian stone building (1900) with lift, a 43 square meter flat entirely renovated, with apparent stone wall, trendy decoration, kitchen fully equipped , living room with sofa bed, TV, computer at your disposal, internet , bedroom with a 140 bed and wide dressing, bathroom WC. Many shop keepers, a wide range of bars and restaurants are located in this nice street with large pavements and beautiful trees. This district offers a lot of places to discover such as Sacre Coeur and its panoramic view over Paris, Place du Tertre and its famous painters and art galleries, theater, cinema, rue des Abbesses and its fashion shops, rue Lepic, Le Moulin Rouge...... A very quiet place in the heart of a very busy and authentic Parisian district where live a lot of artists. Metro Lamarck ligne 12 ( N-S) which goes on both sides of the river Seine ( Madeleine, Concorde, Saint Germain des Pres)  Bus 80 Montmar	A very quiet place in the heart of a very busy and authentic Parisian district where live a lot of artists. Fully renovated and convenient  Public transportation very easy:  metro 12 North/south Bus 80 Est/West Montmartre minibus In the famous district of Montmartre close to Sacre Coeur (300m), on the first floor of an Haussmanian stone building (1900) with lift, a 43 square meter flat entirely renovated, with apparent stone wall, trendy decoration, kitchen fully equipped , living room with sofa bed, TV, computer at your disposal, internet , bedroom with a 140 bed and wide dressing, bathroom WC. Many shop keepers, a wide range of bars and restaurants are located in this nice street with large pavements and beautiful trees. This district offers a lot of places to discover such as Sacre Coeur and its panoramic view over Paris, Place du Tertre and its famous painters and art galleries, theater, cinema, rue des Abbesses and its fashion shops, rue Lepic, Le Moulin Rouge...... A very quiet p
31914	Cute apartment located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris near of the metro station line 2 (La chapelle) and 12 (Marx Dormoy). 38 m2 (= 409 sq ft) - 1 bedroom - 1 bathroom - TV - freebox (internet) - DVD -  fridge	Cute apartment located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris near of the metro station line 2 (La chapelle) and 12 (Marx Dormoy). 38 m2 (= 409 sq ft) - 1 bedroom - 1 bathroom - TV - freebox (internet) - DVD -  fridge Métro ligne 2 et 12 / Bus 60 - 65
31915	It's a lovely and bright apartment, with parquet, including > a room, > a loundge, > a kitchen,  > a bathroom (shower).  The flat is well furnished > two single beds,  > a washing machine, > a fridge, > a micro waves,  > a dishwasher,  > an internet connexion (WIFI)... Last but not least it is very well situated : in the 6th floor (with no elevator), which means very bright . It is in the center town,  near the Moulin Rouge, at BLANCHE METRO STATION (line 2)  (where the movie Amélie was shot :) ).  In this neighbourghood there is : > awesome restaurants ( Le Chartier, L'hotel Amour, Le Moulin de la Galette...)  > movie teatres (Studio 28, Le Gaumont Pathé) > good discos (Le Silencio, Le Carmen)  > charming cafés (le Mansart, le Lux Bar, le sans soucis...) > designers shops (Roxan, Maje...)  > venues (La boule noire, La Cigale, l'Olympia...)  >  and for the people who have cars there is a paid parking garage nearby If you want to experience the parisian way of life during your holidays,	It's a lovely and bright apartment, very well situated : in the center town,  near the moulin rouge, at blanche métro station line 2 (where the movie Amélie was shot). If you want to experience the parisian way of life this is the perfect place! It's a lovely and bright apartment, with parquet, including > a room, > a loundge, > a kitchen,  > a bathroom (shower).  The flat is well furnished > two single beds,  > a washing machine, > a fridge, > a micro waves,  > a dishwasher,  > an internet connexion (WIFI)... Last but not least it is very well situated : in the 6th floor (with no elevator), which means very bright . It is in the center town,  near the Moulin Rouge, at BLANCHE METRO STATION (line 2)  (where the movie Amélie was shot :) ).  In this neighbourghood there is : > awesome restaurants ( Le Chartier, L'hotel Amour, Le Moulin de la Galette...)  > movie teatres (Studio 28, Le Gaumont Pathé) > good discos (Le Silencio, Le Carmen)  > charming cafés (le Mansart, le Lux Bar, le sans
31916	Très clair, lumineux avec ses peintures refaites à neuf il y a un mois, l'appartement vous permettra de vous sentir à l'aise avec cette grande pièce principale ou vous pourrez être à l'aise en couple avec son lit double et une penderie pour vos affaires . La salle de bain vous permettra de prendre des bains / douches à l'aise en fin de journée parisienne .  Appartement qui vous accueillera avec une propreté qui m'est importante pour vous y accueillir correctement.  PAS D'ETAGE A MONTER !!! REZ DE CHAUSSEE. 	Appartement très lumineux de 25 mètre carré avec salle de bain + baignoire, une machine à laver que vous pourrez utiliser. Cuisine deux plaques + frigidaire. Proche de la basilique du Sacré-coeur dans une rue calme, il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Très clair, lumineux avec ses peintures refaites à neuf il y a un mois, l'appartement vous permettra de vous sentir à l'aise avec cette grande pièce principale ou vous pourrez être à l'aise en couple avec son lit double et une penderie pour vos affaires . La salle de bain vous permettra de prendre des bains / douches à l'aise en fin de journée parisienne .  Appartement qui vous accueillera avec une propreté qui m'est importante pour vous y accueillir correctement.  PAS D'ETAGE A MONTER !!! REZ DE CHAUSSEE.  Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l’électro-ménagé de l'appartement : frigidaire + machine à laver. Internet gratuit par un code free wifi qui vous sera donnez à votre arrivez .  Je vous remettrez moi même les clefs à chaque fois , et je p
31917	Appartement lumineux (avec balcon) au 5ème étage.  L'appartement est agréable et très bien équipé. Il comporte un salon de taille moyenne (possibilité de mettre un matelas supplémentaire);  une chambre avec un lit double; une salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver à disposition; une cuisine (four, frigo, congélateur et matériel abondant pour cuisiner....); un balcon filant.	Appartement agréable de 40 m2 situé en plein cœur du 18ème arrondissement, à 100 mètres du métro Simplon (20 min de Chatelet), à 3 min à pieds de Jules Joffrin (lignes 12) et à 15 min à pieds de Montmartre. L'appartement est très bien équipé. Appartement lumineux (avec balcon) au 5ème étage.  L'appartement est agréable et très bien équipé. Il comporte un salon de taille moyenne (possibilité de mettre un matelas supplémentaire);  une chambre avec un lit double; une salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver à disposition; une cuisine (four, frigo, congélateur et matériel abondant pour cuisiner....); un balcon filant. Quartier vivant et agréable du 18ème arrondissement(Simplon, Jules Joffrin): tous commerces, marchés (au pied de l'immeuble mardi, vendredi et dimanche), restos, bars... -Proche de Montmartre, 15min à pieds -La ligne 4 est à 100m de l'immeuble ( à 20 min de l'hyper centre de Paris, 10 min de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est) -La ligne 12 à 3 min à pieds (Abbesses...
31918	In a former building, which gives onto the Place of the hillock right in the heart of Montmartre. This apartment is Bright. Endowed with an American equipped kitchen electric plate, oven and of a microphone wave, all the necessity will make so that you can get from you as. A bathroom with shower and washbasin, you also have a washing machine. Independent TOILETS. The view is extraodinaire	Welcome in our very clean and comfortable independent studio situated right in the heart of Montmartre.  Bright, this studio is completely equipped. With a view on the Sacred Heart are location is unique and mythical to have In a former building, which gives onto the Place of the hillock right in the heart of Montmartre. This apartment is Bright. Endowed with an American equipped kitchen electric plate, oven and of a microphone wave, all the necessity will make so that you can get from you as. A bathroom with shower and washbasin, you also have a washing machine. Independent TOILETS. The view is extraodinaire You have access to all the apartment, as at your home, there is free WiFi, television set with cable channel, DVD player and a library and DVD only for you Montmartre is THE district of Paris, mythical and alive. You can of the window appreciate the atmosphere of old Paris. With the painters who present their paintings just by going out of the house. It is in the center of everyth
31919	Fraîchement rénové avec goût, il comprend une kitchenette ultra moderne avec un plan de travail en granit Copacabana poli provenant du Brésil, un canapé convertible Art Déco égyptien, une grande table moderne en verre et de ses chaises Kartell, 2 miroirs décorés à la feuille d'or, une table de thé style chinois. Il est composé d'une salle d'eau avec douche tropicale et toilettes.  Le sol est composé d'un parquet ébène en incrustation de pierre dure et un des murs est en pierres naturelles.	Voisin d'Amélie Poulain, l'appartement est un studio traversant situé en rez de chaussée. Notre suite singulière à double exposition s'ouvre sur un jardin illuminé et réunit sur 20m2 classicisme et design radicalement contemporain. Fraîchement rénové avec goût, il comprend une kitchenette ultra moderne avec un plan de travail en granit Copacabana poli provenant du Brésil, un canapé convertible Art Déco égyptien, une grande table moderne en verre et de ses chaises Kartell, 2 miroirs décorés à la feuille d'or, une table de thé style chinois. Il est composé d'une salle d'eau avec douche tropicale et toilettes.  Le sol est composé d'un parquet ébène en incrustation de pierre dure et un des murs est en pierres naturelles. L'appartement se situe dans un quartier très agréable du 18ème arrondissement, à quelques rues du quartier des Abbesses, très animé avec de nombreuses boutiques, restaurants et bars. Il est desservi par le métro en bas de la rue. et les lignes de bus.
31920	Large & elegant 2 bedroom Apartment in MONTMARTRE  PERFECT FOR FAMILY or 4 or  5 People      - Large double living room (with TV and WIFI).        - 2 bedrooms (Queen bed and  twin beds) that can accomodate 4 people.   (5th guest can sleep in own bed in Living room)        - The apartment has been recently renovated.      - Top of the line brand new kitchen and bathroom (New/spacious/American Rain Shower).      - Elevator The apartment is walking distance from Sacre Coeur. Great neighborhood. Near transportation -- Easy access to the whole city. Our guests love it -- !!!!! Read the reviews !!!!!!!! -- And we love welcoming our guests.  FIRST REVIEW:       « By far the best place we stayed ever at, in Paris. We go there at least twice a year on business, and have stayed in various hotels and apartments. This apartment fits the description in every aspect and it was a pleasure to deal with the owner. The place is spacious, clean, has any amenity you could wish for and perfect location. W	Large & elegant 2 bedroom Apartment in MONTMARTRE  PERFECT FOR FAMILY or 4 or  5 People      - Large double living room (with TV and WIFI).        - 2 bedrooms (Queen bed and  twin beds) that can accomodate 4 people.   (5th guest can sleep in own bed in Living room)        - The apartment has been recently renovated.      - Top of the line brand new kitchen and bathroom (New/spacious/American Rain Shower).      - Elevator The apartment is walking distance from Sacre Coeur. Great neighborhood. Near transportation -- Easy access to the whole city. Our guests love it -- !!!!! Read the reviews !!!!!!!! -- And we love welcoming our guests.  FIRST REVIEW:       « By far the best place we stayed ever at, in Paris. We go there at least twice a year on business, and have stayed in various hotels and apartments. This apartment fits the description in every aspect and it was a pleasure to deal with the owner. The place is spacious, clean, has any amenity you could wish for and perfect location. W
31921	On the 4th floor, full of light all the day long. the decoration is very personnel, more in a vintage way that in Ikea;-)	"Located in the very trendy and lovely area of Montmartre, you will appreciate the ""village atmosphere"" of the neighborhood. This one-bedroom is very bright and cosy. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons! On the 4th floor, full of light all the day long. the decoration is very personnel, more in a vintage way that in Ikea;-) wifi, hifi, washing machine, tons of english, spanish and of course french books! I want my guests to feel safe and comfortable in Paris. I will do my best to help them in organizing their time at my place! I love the back of Montmartre area. Very authentic, very Parisian, less tourists and more many little shops and trendy restaurants.  Easy access metro: line 12 and 4 Direct bus for Opera/Galeries Lafayettes/Eiffel tower"
31922	16m2 1 room with bathroom and kitchen included one bed for two persons 2 windows view on Sacré Coeur church	Charming studio in the historic area of Montmartre, view directly on the Sacré Coeur church. Fully equipped, for 2 persons. Subway stations: Château Rouge, line 4; Barbès Rochechouart, line 2. Bus lines: (phone number hidden) minutes to the center of Paris 16m2 1 room with bathroom and kitchen included one bed for two persons 2 windows view on Sacré Coeur church 7th floor without elevator -Supermarkets less then 1 minute walk -bars and clubs 5-15 minutes -Sacré Coeur 5 minutes walk -Subway: Château Rouge, line 4; Barbès Rochechouart, line 2; Marcadet Poissonnier, line 12/4 -Bus: line 56, 30, 85 
31923	The apartment has two rooms:  - a living-room + equipped kitchen - a bedroom furnished with a comfortable double futon bed.  The living-room is furnished with a sofa that converts into an single extra bed (futon matress). 	Cosy two-room in the 18th arrondissement, nice and sunny. Walking distance from Montmartre, Gare du Nord and La Villette. Parisian local market (typical products, organic food, world cuisine) and restaurants around.  3 min. walk from the subway.  A bedroom, a living-room + fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The apartment has two rooms:  - a living-room + equipped kitchen - a bedroom furnished with a comfortable double futon bed.  The living-room is furnished with a sofa that converts into an single extra bed (futon matress).  The apartlent has WiFi, phone landeline with free calls to Europe and North America, a printer.  The bathroom (shower cabine) is equipped with a washing machine. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor without elevator. Very sunny in the afternoon. The apartment is located in the North of Paris, 10 min walk from Gare du Nord (15 min walk from Gare de l'Est).  It is 3 min. walk from the subway line 12, 6 min. walk from subway lines 4 and 2. You'll be in the 
31924	"This small 2 rooms apartment (25 m2), with small kitchen and bathroom, IS very close from the city attractions: It Is in the heart of the charming Montmartre near the Sacre Coeur. Fully Equipped (big bed, convertible couch, Free Internet, dish, micro-waves). Towels and bed sheet are Provided. Ideal for a single person or a couple with a baby or child Less than 10 years. There is everything for my own child /baby Who is 4 years old: games, baby cook, baby buggy and a bed Which is on the floor so no risk at all to fall. This IS apartment on the first floor (one floor above-the-street) with no elevator (But You Do not Need one). I use this apartment ounces every 2 weeks to see my son, so i would like to rent my apartment and when i do not use Do not Need It. As i do not live in Paris, my father retired Who is Will Be Happy to help you and Will Be flexible with departure / arrival time. The nearest metro stations are ""Abbesses"" on the line 12 and ""White"" on the line 2. Itis Located right B"	A cozy 2 rooms-apartment located in the best area of Paris, near metro, shops, restaurants and tourist attractions.  This small 2 rooms apartment (25 m2), with small kitchen and bathroom, IS very close from the city attractions: It Is in the heart of the charming Montmartre near the Sacre Coeur. Fully Equipped (big bed, convertible couch, Free Internet, dish, micro-waves). Towels and bed sheet are Provided. Ideal for a single person or a couple with a baby or child Less than 10 years. There is everything for my own child /baby Who is 4 years old: games, baby cook, baby buggy and a bed Which is on the floor so no risk at all to fall. This IS apartment on the first floor (one floor above-the-street) with no elevator (But You Do not Need one). I use this apartment ounces every 2 weeks to see my son, so i would like to rent my apartment and when i do not use Do not Need It. As i do not live in Paris, my father retired Who is Will Be Happy to help you and Will Be flexible with departure / a
31925		Situé en plein coeur historique de Montmartre, ce studio spacieux est à votre disposition pour passer des vacances agréables et en toute tranquillité. Dans l'un des quartiers les plus côté de la capitale, proche du Sacré-Coeur, du Moulin Rouge et de tous les nouveaux endroits branchés, vous aurez les activités essentielles de la capitale à proximité. L'appartement est au 6e étage d'un immeuble extrêmement sécurisé avec digicode, interphone et ascenseur. La superficie de l'appartement est de 38m2. Vous disposez d'une grande pièce à vivre combinant le salon et la chambre à coucher avec un grand lit double, un très grand canapé d'angle convertible et de multiples rangements. L'appartement est équipé d'un téléviseur LCD avec une centaine de chaines internationales. Il y a également une grande salle de bain avec baignoire refaite à neuf. Vous trouverez une grande cuisine très fonctionnelle (plaques, four, frigo, lave-linge, machine Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-ondes, bouilloire, nombreux r
31926	THE LOCATION: Very close to Abbesses subway station (200m). One of the best possible location in Montmartre. near many little nice shops and cafes and convenient transportation.   At the heart of Paris' most bohemian neighborhood of Montmartre where was/is home to many famous painters and artists, with its windmills, cabarets and monuments all within 15min walking distance:  -10min walk distance to the most famous cabaret in the world - the Moulin Rouge;  -10min walk distance to Sacre Coeur Basilica, which offers breathtaking views of Paris in all directions. -Across the street it's the famous cafe Les Deux Moulins from the well known movie 'Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain' -5 min walk to where Van Gogh used to work and live -10min walk to Place de Tertre where nowadays many artists/ painters gather -10 min walk to the Romantic Wall of LOVE (Le Mur des Je t'aime) -2 min walk to the square of Abbesses, where you will find many cafe, restaurants, designers shops  THE APARTMENT: An op	A cozy apartment in the heart of Montmartre, close to Place des Abbesses, Sacre-cuore, Moulin Rouge ect. Very near to Abbesses and Pigalle station. Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris. THE LOCATION: Very close to Abbesses subway station (200m). One of the best possible location in Montmartre. near many little nice shops and cafes and convenient transportation.   At the heart of Paris' most bohemian neighborhood of Montmartre where was/is home to many famous painters and artists, with its windmills, cabarets and monuments all within 15min walking distance:  -10min walk distance to the most famous cabaret in the world - the Moulin Rouge;  -10min walk distance to Sacre Coeur Basilica, which offers breathtaking views of Paris in all directions. -Across the street it's the famous cafe Les Deux Moulins from the well known movie 'Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain' -5 min walk to where Van Gogh used to work and live -10min walk to P
31927	This double room, welcoming flat can comfortably accomodate 2 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave and coffee machine. (of course : plate, glass, pot, spoon, fourks...) Tea, coffee, oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, pepper....(all basic condiment) are available in the cupboard. You can eat the chocolate too :-) In the little shower room, you'll find soap, shampoo and clean towels.  There is a real bed for 2 people (1.40X1.90m). Of course, sheets are provided. Internet wireless (wifi) is available. 	This double room flat is very charming and perfectly clean.  It's very easy to go everywhere in Paris because the station Stalingrad is the node of 3 metro lines. (2, 5, 7) This double room, welcoming flat can comfortably accomodate 2 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave and coffee machine. (of course : plate, glass, pot, spoon, fourks...) Tea, coffee, oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, pepper....(all basic condiment) are available in the cupboard. You can eat the chocolate too :-) In the little shower room, you'll find soap, shampoo and clean towels.  There is a real bed for 2 people (1.40X1.90m). Of course, sheets are provided. Internet wireless (wifi) is available. It's on the first floor and there is no elevator. The area is popular but totally safe. There is a grocery shop (Franprix) where you can find everything you need just in the front of the building. It's only 2 minutes from the Stalingrad station. So it's direct for Opéra, Louvre Museum, Triumph arch, Montmartre, P
31928	"My flat is located in the North of Paris, in the 18th ""arrondissement"", 3 minutes from Marx Dormoy metro station (line 12), 7 minutes from La Chapelle metro station (line 2), and 15 min walking from Gare du Nord. It has one room, one living room with an open kitchen, one bathroom and toilets. It is in the 3rd floor, with lift.The appartment is very quiet. The neighborhood is popular and nice, with a pedestrian area with  a market, bars and restaurants.  It is 15-20 min distance walk from Montmartre, and 15 min from the ""canal de l'Ourcq"",  its nice walks, bars and 2 cinemas.  A new art center, ""le 104"", is located 5 minutes walking from my appartment. And the Parc de La villette is a great place for concerts, sport and visiting. "	"My flat is located in the North of Paris, in the 18th ""arrondissement"", 3 minutes from Marx Dormoy metro station (line 12), 7 minutes from La Chapelle metro station (line 2), and 15 min walking from Gare du Nord. It has one room, one living room with an open kitchen, one bathroom and toilets. It is in the 3rd floor, with lift.The appartment is very quiet. The neighborhood is popular and nice, with a pedestrian area with  a market, bars and restaurants.  It is 15-20 min distance walk from Montmartre, and 15 min from the ""canal de l'Ourcq"",  its nice walks, bars and 2 cinemas.  A new art center, ""le 104"", is located 5 minutes walking from my appartment. And the Parc de La villette is a great place for concerts, sport and visiting. "
31929		little cosy flat (19m2)in a nice popular neighbourhood, 5 min walking from montmarte, 2 min from the metro station which deserves the center of paris in 10/15 min. fully furnished, internet, washing machine, balcony
31930	2 bedrooms with double beds and a child bed. Full equipped flat : dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine, oven, washing machine and dryer. High speed internet, wifi	You will feel relaxed in this quiet and sunny loft ideally located between Montmartre and the Marché aux puces antique market. Close to buses, metro and shops. Introductory pricing! 2 bedrooms with double beds and a child bed. Full equipped flat : dishwasher, microwave, coffee machine, oven, washing machine and dryer. High speed internet, wifi Access to all the flat. 2 floors 70q meters. It will be a great pleasure to provide you with all the information needed about Paris during your stay. Lively area with restaurants, bars and a lot of food stores, market, organic stores. The appartment is located at walking distance from Montmartre, Pigalle (moulin rouge) and the famous Marché aux puces antique market in St. Ouen. . - 2 minutes from buses taking you to Notre dame, Le Louvre, Saint Germain, Boulevard Haumann (grand Magasin Galeries Lafayette). - 5 minutes walk from Jules Joffrin and Simplon Metro taking you directly to Le Marais, Saint Germain and all the main tourist area. - 7 minut
31931	"This spacious studio will be a very comfortable ""pied-à-terre"" for anyone visiting Paris. There are three subway stations and the area is very walkable. It is close to the ""canal de l'ourcq"", a wonderfully quiet place.  The best part is that the building's next door neighbor is the amazing ""centquatre"" (104), a cultural and artistic center where you can see little shops, a bookstore, exhibits ; there are two little cafés and a terrace, and people spend whole days under the huge exhibition hall... just dancing ! The apartment is in a very secure building with lovely neighbors. It is close to Gare du Nord (if you take the Eurostar to get here, you're almost there when you get off the train) which makes it convenient if you arrive via airplane (gare du Nord is connected to both main airports)."	"Welcome home! Near the canal and the wonderful parc des Buttes-Chaumont, come enjoy this comfy studio apartment's many commodities in a quiet building. With three subway stations close to you, you'll be able to go everywhere and see everything! This spacious studio will be a very comfortable ""pied-à-terre"" for anyone visiting Paris. There are three subway stations and the area is very walkable. It is close to the ""canal de l'ourcq"", a wonderfully quiet place.  The best part is that the building's next door neighbor is the amazing ""centquatre"" (104), a cultural and artistic center where you can see little shops, a bookstore, exhibits ; there are two little cafés and a terrace, and people spend whole days under the huge exhibition hall... just dancing ! The apartment is in a very secure building with lovely neighbors. It is close to Gare du Nord (if you take the Eurostar to get here, you're almost there when you get off the train) which makes it convenient if you arrive via airplane (gar"
31932	Deux-pièces lumineux, spacieux avec du parquet et des briques rouges. 	Bel appartement de 33 mètres carrés à 10 minutes à pied du Sacré-Coeur. Séjour très lumineux en briques rouges. Quartier animé et agréable, avec beaucoup de commerces, de bars pour sortir. Cusine avec plaques-chauffantes, frigo, machine-à-laver. Deux-pièces lumineux, spacieux avec du parquet et des briques rouges. Très facile d'accès depuis l'aéroport de Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle par le RER B (Descendre à Gare du Nord). Arrêts de métro Simplon (Ligne 4) ou Jules-Joffrin (Ligne 12) à 5 minutes à pieds.
31933	Immeuble haussmanien avec gardien. De grandes baies vitrées ouvrent sur un square au premier plan et, au loin, sur les vignes de Montmartre. Mise à disposition d'un piano électronique Kawaï (qui peut se jouer au casque), et de tout ce qu'il faut pour recevoir deux bébés ou jeunes enfants (lits, table à langer, chaises hautes, baignoire...).	Immeuble haussmanien avec gardien. De grandes baies vitrées ouvrent sur un square au premier plan et, au loin, sur les vignes de Montmartre. Mise à disposition d'un piano électronique Kawaï (qui peut se jouer au casque), et de tout ce qu'il faut pour recevoir deux bébés ou jeunes enfants (lits, table à langer, chaises hautes, baignoire...). Tout l'appartement Nous serons joignables par mail et téléphone à tout moment. Nous habiterons à 1 h 30 de Paris et notre fils - anglophone - habite à 5 mn à pied de l'appartement. La gardienne de l'immeuble et la femme de ménage peuvent aider en cas de besoin.     Nous habitons en plein coeur du vieux Montmartre, c'est donc un enchantement permanent.  Station de métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt au pied de l'immeuble. Station d'autobus 80. Stations Velib et Autolib.   Nous accueillons et installons nous-mêmes les voyageurs à leur arrivée.
31934	Beautiful 2 bedroom cottage , quiet and bright in the heart of Montmartre (street Dalida ) , 100 meters from Sacre Coeur , ideal for 4 people but I can accommodate up to 6 people ( additional charge per person per night beyond 4 guests) apartment is 38m2, in a typical Montmartre style on the 1st floor court.Très calm , photos to see .. Excellent ( Metro Abbesses, Pigalle , Anvers , Lamarck ) close quarters animés.A few steps , you will find supermarkets, various restaurants, bar, shops, banks, pharmacy etc. ... An outdoor market is open on Wednesdays and Saturdays. You will find fresh fruits and vegetables. Fully equipped ( bed two places, 2 comfortable sofa , internet access (WiFi), TV , washing machine, microwave, toaster , oven, refrigerator , appliances, bathroom with shower, washbasin and WC) . Bed linen and towels are provided. Do not hesitate to contact me about your stay in this artistic apartment. cordially	Idéal pour 4 personnes mais peut également accueillir 2 personnes de plus(couple avec 3-4 enfants ou des amis..) Beautiful 2 bedroom cottage , quiet and bright in the heart of Montmartre (street Dalida ) , 100 meters from Sacre Coeur , ideal for 4 people but I can accommodate up to 6 people ( additional charge per person per night beyond 4 guests) apartment is 38m2, in a typical Montmartre style on the 1st floor court.Très calm , photos to see .. Excellent ( Metro Abbesses, Pigalle , Anvers , Lamarck ) close quarters animés.A few steps , you will find supermarkets, various restaurants, bar, shops, banks, pharmacy etc. ... An outdoor market is open on Wednesdays and Saturdays. You will find fresh fruits and vegetables. Fully equipped ( bed two places, 2 comfortable sofa , internet access (WiFi), TV , washing machine, microwave, toaster , oven, refrigerator , appliances, bathroom with shower, washbasin and WC) . Bed linen and towels are provided. Do not hesitate to contact me about your 
31935		studio entierement refait à neuf et tout confort avec TV et Internet ainsi qu'une cuisine tout équipée . Idéalement placé, au coeur de la butte Montmarthe à deux pas du square Dalida et du Moulin De La Galette. Peut accueillir deux personnes
31936	My apartment is very cute and cosy. The kitchen is very big and fully equipped, making you enjoy the best dinners ever! Wooden floors. And, most of all, calm.  	Enjoy your holiday in Paris in this beautiful, cosy and calm 45m2 apartment located right next to Montmartre ! (English-speaking hostess)  My apartment is very cute and cosy. The kitchen is very big and fully equipped, making you enjoy the best dinners ever! Wooden floors. And, most of all, calm.   You'll have access to the whole apartment! I won't be in the country, but we can easily communicate via internet or mobile phone (email, Whatsapp, Skype, ...) I love the conviviality, the many little markets and cafes that surround my apartment. The fact that it is as lively as it is cosy.   Metro 12 and 4 or  Buses (phone number hidden). English speaking hostess!  
31937	Ideal for 2 or 3 people. On the 6th floor (lift) overlooking the garden (so very calm and quiet)  Proximity with lots of great points of interests in Paris (Sacré Coeur, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra...)  Very well situated with nearby subway stations Car park possible (on demand) Travel cot possible Appartement de 2 pièces agréable et très calme, composé d'une chambre (lit double) et et d'un salon spacieux avec cuisine ouverte équipée, idéal pour 2 ou 3 personnes.  Donnant sur un jardin et situé au 6ème et dernier étage (avec ascenseur) il est donc très calme. A proximité de nombreuses attractions parisiennes (le Sacré Coeur, les Galeries Lafayette, l'Opéra...)  Déplacements très faciles grâce aux stations de métro et bus à proximité. Parking possible (sur demande) Lit parapluie	Close to Montmartre, this modern and calm flat consists of a bedroom, large living room and open kitchen. It is contained within a chic private residence. Près de Montmartre, dans une résidence de standing arborée, 2 pièces très calme au 6ème étage. Ideal for 2 or 3 people. On the 6th floor (lift) overlooking the garden (so very calm and quiet)  Proximity with lots of great points of interests in Paris (Sacré Coeur, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra...)  Very well situated with nearby subway stations Car park possible (on demand) Travel cot possible Appartement de 2 pièces agréable et très calme, composé d'une chambre (lit double) et et d'un salon spacieux avec cuisine ouverte équipée, idéal pour 2 ou 3 personnes.  Donnant sur un jardin et situé au 6ème et dernier étage (avec ascenseur) il est donc très calme. A proximité de nombreuses attractions parisiennes (le Sacré Coeur, les Galeries Lafayette, l'Opéra...)  Déplacements très faciles grâce aux stations de métro et bus à proximité. Parking 
31938	When you first walk into the apartment you have a lovely well equipped kitchen off to your right. We have fitted the kitchen with a washing machine, a dishwasher, and combination microwave oven making it a very functional and practical space. You will find all that you need in our cupboards to prepare delicious meals to entice and delight your friends and family or visit the market in rue Lepic and the specialty shops in rue des Abbesses and pick up some great food. Enter the cozy living room where images of Paris and Montmartre adorn the walls and help to create the mood for embarking on your Parisian adventure. You are in Paris in your Parisian home. And what is a Parisian home without its decorative fireplace? The living room also has a half-moon dining table which folds out to seat 4 people. We have put in a sofa bed that sleeps 2 comfortably. The mattress is thick - No more backaches from those terribly thin sofa bed mattresses. Relax after your long day of sightseeing and watch a	Elegance & style have not been forgotten in this first floor, one-bedroom apartment. Every detail has been thought of from the art on the wall, including images from Doisneau’s famous black & white prints to images of Audrey Hepburn a great lover of Paris (and who wouldn’t be). When you first walk into the apartment you have a lovely well equipped kitchen off to your right. We have fitted the kitchen with a washing machine, a dishwasher, and combination microwave oven making it a very functional and practical space. You will find all that you need in our cupboards to prepare delicious meals to entice and delight your friends and family or visit the market in rue Lepic and the specialty shops in rue des Abbesses and pick up some great food. Enter the cozy living room where images of Paris and Montmartre adorn the walls and help to create the mood for embarking on your Parisian adventure. You are in Paris in your Parisian home. And what is a Parisian home without its decorative fireplace
31939	Appartement spacieux, traversant, offrant une vue agréable sur une grande cour arborée. Cuisine dinatoire, véritable pièce de vie avec pierres apparentes, fonctionnelle, toute équipée.  Wi-fi Lave linge sèche linge Lave vaisselle Sèche cheveux WC séparés Baignoire Lit et chaise Bébé (à dispo) Grand lit 200X160 Table et fer à repasser Aspirateur Cuisine 3 feux à gaz Grand four Spacious , crossing, offering a pleasant view of a large courtyard. Kitchen with dining area , living room with real stone walls, functional , fully equipped. Wi-fi Washing machine dryer dishwasher hairdryer separate WC bath Baby cot and high chair (on availability) Large bed 200X160 Iron and ironing board vacuum 3 burner gas large oven   5 min : Sacré coeur 5 min : Metro Ligne 4 et 12  10 min : Pigalle 10 min : Le Abbesses 10 min : Barbès 20min : Châtelet Nous serons joignable par téléphone et par e-mail ! Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il faut dans le Village Ramey ! Métro Château Rouge ligne 4 Métro Jules Joffrin li	Appartement spacieux, traversant, offrant une vue agréable sur une grande cour arborée. Cuisine dinatoire, véritable pièce de vie avec pierres apparentes, fonctionnelle, toute équipée.  Wi-fi Lave linge sèche linge Lave vaisselle Sèche cheveux WC séparés Baignoire Lit et chaise Bébé (à dispo) Grand lit 200X160 Table et fer à repasser Aspirateur Cuisine 3 feux à gaz Grand four Spacious , crossing, offering a pleasant view of a large courtyard. Kitchen with dining area , living room with real stone walls, functional , fully equipped. Wi-fi Washing machine dryer dishwasher hairdryer separate WC bath Baby cot and high chair (on availability) Large bed 200X160 Iron and ironing board vacuum 3 burner gas large oven   5 min : Sacré coeur 5 min : Metro Ligne 4 et 12  10 min : Pigalle 10 min : Le Abbesses 10 min : Barbès 20min : Châtelet Nous serons joignable par téléphone et par e-mail ! Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il faut dans le Village Ramey ! Métro Château Rouge ligne 4 Métro Jules Joffrin li
31940	2ème étage sur cour. Grande chambre avec parquet et un grand lit 2 places (largeur 2 m). Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparées. Grande cuisine équipée où on peut s'asseoir à plusieurs. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas par terre pour  voyageurs supplémentaires. 2nd floor overlooking a courtyard. Large bedroom with parquet floor and a large double bed (width 2 m). Bathroom with a bath. Separate toilet. Large equipped kitchen where you can all sit. Possibility of adding a mattress on the floor for additional travelers.	2ème étage sur cour. Grande chambre avec parquet et un grand lit 2 places (largeur 2 m). Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparées. Grande cuisine équipée où on peut s'asseoir à plusieurs. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas par terre pour  voyageurs supplémentaires. 2nd floor overlooking a courtyard. Large bedroom with parquet floor and a large double bed (width 2 m). Bathroom with a bath. Separate toilet. Large equipped kitchen where you can all sit. Possibility of adding a mattress on the floor for additional travelers. Utilisation de la cuisine et de la machine à laver. Utilisation du Wifi. Draps et serviettes fournis. Quartier très agréable. Supermarché en bas de la rue ouvert jusqu'à 23h30. Excellentes Boulangeries.  Epiceries de nuit. Multiples restaurants et cafés aux terrasses ensoleillées. Fromagers, caves à vin… Situé à 1 min de la place des Abbesses et 5 min du Sacré Coeur. L'appartement est situé à 1 min du Métro Abbesses (Ligne 12) et à 2 min des métro Pigalle (Lign
31941	Cet appartement dispose d'un salon avec sa cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'une chambre avec un vrai lit 2 places et se trouve au rez-chaussé d'un immeuble haussmannien dans une rue sans trafic. Il est parfaitement situé dans le quartier de Montmartre : à 10min du Sacré Cœur et à 5min de Pigalle.   A proximité de l'appartement, vous avez à votre disposition des supermarchés, magasin de vin et de bière, fromager, boucherie, épicerie, boulangerie, laverie et d'une borne Velib'. La station de métro Place de Clichy - Ligne 2 et 13 est à 300 mètres (5min) et la station de métro Larmack Caulaincourt - Ligne 12 est à 200 mètres (3min)	Un appartement de 29m², situé à Montmartre, à 2min du quartier des Abbesses et à 5min de Pigalle ! Très bien agencé et confortable, au rez-de-chaussé d'un immeuble haussmannien dans une rue calme. Divers commerces à proximité. Cet appartement dispose d'un salon avec sa cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'une chambre avec un vrai lit 2 places et se trouve au rez-chaussé d'un immeuble haussmannien dans une rue sans trafic. Il est parfaitement situé dans le quartier de Montmartre : à 10min du Sacré Cœur et à 5min de Pigalle.   A proximité de l'appartement, vous avez à votre disposition des supermarchés, magasin de vin et de bière, fromager, boucherie, épicerie, boulangerie, laverie et d'une borne Velib'. La station de métro Place de Clichy - Ligne 2 et 13 est à 300 mètres (5min) et la station de métro Larmack Caulaincourt - Ligne 12 est à 200 mètres (3min) Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appart (Hormis les affaires personnelles de l'hôte) Par email 24/7. J'accueil les voyageurs en
31942	One bedroom flat, with large living area, very light and sunny, on the third floor of a backyard small building. Not any noise comes from the street, it sounds like in a village! All furnished flat, fully fitted kitchen, it can welcome up to 5 guests ( it comprises a double bed, a double sofa bed and a single bed) It is very comfortable for a family with children or 2 couple for example... Wifi, no TV but a great view on the yard! Home phone, calls are free on all french mobile and landlines. Very lively neighbourhood, 2mn walk to Barbes metro station, 5mn to Montmartre and 10 to Pigalle. Also very close from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. At Barbes station you have access to lines 2 and 4 (blue and red), 2 of the main metro lines of Paris that will transport you towards north/south (line 4) or west/east (line 2). Many buses otherwise and Velib stations.	One bedroom flat, with large living area, very light and sunny, on the third floor of a backyard small building. Not any noise comes from the street, it sounds like in a village! All furnished flat, fully fitted kitchen, it can welcome up to 5 guests ( it comprises a double bed, a double sofa bed and a single bed) It is very comfortable for a family with children or 2 couple for example... Wifi, no TV but a great view on the yard! Home phone, calls are free on all french mobile and landlines. Very lively neighbourhood, 2mn walk to Barbes metro station, 5mn to Montmartre and 10 to Pigalle. Also very close from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. At Barbes station you have access to lines 2 and 4 (blue and red), 2 of the main metro lines of Paris that will transport you towards north/south (line 4) or west/east (line 2). Many buses otherwise and Velib stations.
31943	Apartment is  peaceful with a lot of light. It's on the 4th floor, 47 square meters, composed of a living room (with convertible couch), a fully equiped kitchen, a separated bedroom (with a double bed) and a bathroom (with a bathtub!).  Closed the new trendy area by the Clignancourt street, the back market and the Sacré Cœur. There is all accomodations arround - To eat/ to go out / to visit.  Whenever you need informations i can help you. 	Cosy apartment for 4 guests in a quiet street of the 18th Arrondissement, at the crossroad of the Butte Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur and the African Market. The apartment is very peaceful and has a lot of light. It's on the 4th Apartment is  peaceful with a lot of light. It's on the 4th floor, 47 square meters, composed of a living room (with convertible couch), a fully equiped kitchen, a separated bedroom (with a double bed) and a bathroom (with a bathtub!).  Closed the new trendy area by the Clignancourt street, the back market and the Sacré Cœur. There is all accomodations arround - To eat/ to go out / to visit.  Whenever you need informations i can help you. Métro: Château Rouge line 4   Anvers line 2 Abbesses line 12 Close to Gare du Nord - direct to go to Roissy-CDG Airport. (35 min) You can Find 3 subways lines 4, 2 and 12 wich are crossing the city.  We can find also buses to go to Eiffel Tower or Champs Elysées 
31944	Habité toute l'année par une parisienne qui l'a aménagé et décoré avec amour, ce petit nid perché au 6è sous les toits (sans ascenseur) et situé plein sud est vraiment très agréable pour y passer un week-end seul ou à deux !	A 15 min à pied de Montmartre et des Puces de Saint-Ouen (marché d'antiquaires), 2 pièces charmant et lumineux au 6e et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien. Séjour, chambre, coin cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec douche et WC. Proche tous commerces. Habité toute l'année par une parisienne qui l'a aménagé et décoré avec amour, ce petit nid perché au 6è sous les toits (sans ascenseur) et situé plein sud est vraiment très agréable pour y passer un week-end seul ou à deux ! Vous pouvez vous servir dans les placards si vous voulez grignoter ou cuisiner, regarder la télé (au bout du lit!), aller sur internet (via code wifi) et jouer de la guitare si ça vous chante ! Au moment de laisser les clés et/ou de les récupérer, mais en général si je laisse l'appart, c'est que je suis partie (impossible de cohabiter !) Le quartier est très chouette: populaire et vivant mais calme le soir, avec un marché au coin de la rue tous les mardis, vendredis et dimanches matins. En 15 min à pied vous rejoignez 
31945	"Great view on Paris roof tops near Montmartre At 20 meters from l'église st Bernard, and very close form the exotic market ""marché Dejean"" 10min walk from gare du nord 15min from Montmartre 15min from the canal St Martin 2min from a 277meter squares hammam Views on the roofs of Paris on both sides of the flat. Lounge, kitchen and bathroom facing the south, lots of light. Dishwasher, Washing machine with dryer. High speed fiber optic internet - Wifi View on the sacré coeur de Montmartre and on the Eiffel tower."	"Great view on the rooftop of Paris, the Eiffel tower and the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) at few minutes walk from Gare du Nord, the Eurostar train station. the flat is facing the south, lots of light. Kitchen well equiped with a dishwasher. Great view on Paris roof tops near Montmartre At 20 meters from l'église st Bernard, and very close form the exotic market ""marché Dejean"" 10min walk from gare du nord 15min from Montmartre 15min from the canal St Martin 2min from a 277meter squares hammam Views on the roofs of Paris on both sides of the flat. Lounge, kitchen and bathroom facing the south, lots of light. Dishwasher, Washing machine with dryer. High speed fiber optic internet - Wifi View on the sacré coeur de Montmartre and on the Eiffel tower. At walking distance : The exotic market ""Marché Dejean"" The musée Montmartre The Sacré Coeur The 104, new art centre  You can also reach the other areas with ""Le louvre"", ""Notre Dame"", ""Le centre pompidou"", ""Le Marais"", ""St Germain des prés"" or """
31946	The apartment is located in the 3rd floor in a typical parisian building. It's a spacious and luminous studio (30 square meters) with a practical configuration and high ceilings. The bathroom and the toilet are independent which is very useful when two guests are staying at the studio. The bed is very confortable and located in the most cosy space in the studio  There is a special area for the kitchen which has a fridge, a microwave, a stove and a washer. The bathroom has a big bathtub with a shower and great water pressure. The windows are wide with a view to a beautiful street, as they are double-glazed windows once they are closed the apartment is very calm and quiet.	Spaciousand luminous studio in the heart of Montmartre. These is the perfect place to experience a real parisian life in the most charming neighbourhood of Paris. Right next to Abesses metro, you will find plenty of local shops, restaurants and bars. The apartment is located in the 3rd floor in a typical parisian building. It's a spacious and luminous studio (30 square meters) with a practical configuration and high ceilings. The bathroom and the toilet are independent which is very useful when two guests are staying at the studio. The bed is very confortable and located in the most cosy space in the studio  There is a special area for the kitchen which has a fridge, a microwave, a stove and a washer. The bathroom has a big bathtub with a shower and great water pressure. The windows are wide with a view to a beautiful street, as they are double-glazed windows once they are closed the apartment is very calm and quiet. Guest have access to the entire studio, the idea is that you feel at 
31947		Charmant appartement de 42m2, situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Vue dégagée et proche de Montmartre. Grande chambre séparée d'un joli séjour. N'hésitez pas à me contacter si vous souhaitez d'autres informations. 
31948		Full apartment for 2 persons in the amazing neighborhood of the Batignolles. Located at La Fourche metro station, near Place de Clichy, Pigalle and Montmartre,it is the ideal place to hang out with a lot of bars, restaurants, markets  and parcs.
31949		Bonjour, Mon appartement est situé dans le quartier de Stalingrad, juste à côté du métro. Il est grand et lumineux.  Il peut accueillir 6 personnes, idéal pour une famille avec des enfants. Vous y passerez un très bon séjour !    Le quartier de Stalingrad est populaire, toutes les origines y vivent dans le respect. Ce pandant il change de jour en jour grâce aux nombreux lieux branchés qui s'ouvrent et qui ramènes du coup  L'appartement est situé à 50 mètre du métro Stalingrad. Comprenant 3 lignes la staion Stalingrad vous amènes  facilement  partout dans Paris. À 3 stations seulement du Sacré coeur, il vous permet aussi de vous amener directement au Champs Elysée.
31950	This apartment is ideally situated for the tourists. He is situated in a quiet side street, although close to livened up places (Moulin Rouge, Pigalle and the typical streets of Montmartre). The studio is clear pleasant to live and designed to live there comfortably during a week or more.	This apartment is ideally situated for the tourists. He is situated in a quiet side street, although close to livened up places (Moulin Rouge, Pigalle and the typical streets of Montmartre). The studio is clear pleasant to live and designed to live there comfortably during a week or more. Although this apartment is occupied the rest of the year by a student, it arranges all the compatible equipments with its size. The travelers will have accés without limitation in all the equipment and all the furniture. Internet access. Television, Microwaves, Freezer. Refrigerator, Complete equipment (of quality) to cook. Plentiful dishes(crockery). A big cupboard, shelves, and a chest of drawers are available for the arrangement. We shall welcome the travelers upon their arrival. Then they will have a box with accessible key by code. It is one of districts the most appreciated by Paris. Close of very livened up(very led) place(square) Clichy, of very alive street des Abesses or you will meet regula
31951	The space is perfect for a couple with its separate bedroom and big living room. It is quiet, away from the street and has very high ceiling so you can breathe and stretch. A third person can sleep in the living room on a spare mattress. Bedclothes are ready for bed and mattress.	Very quiet and ideally located at Marcadet-Poissonniers, right on lines 4 and 12. Amazing shops, cafés and bars everywhere around and convenient to reach any interesting part of the city within 20 min.  1 bedroom for 2 plus 1 spare mattress for 1. The space is perfect for a couple with its separate bedroom and big living room. It is quiet, away from the street and has very high ceiling so you can breathe and stretch. A third person can sleep in the living room on a spare mattress. Bedclothes are ready for bed and mattress. This beautiful appartment has everything you need: a comfortable 2pers bed, 1 couch, dinner table and desk. The kitchen is well equipped and you will grind your own fresh coffee in the morning! Shower and bathtub with unlimited hot water, fast internet and the possibility to plus your computer/ipod to a stereo device. I will meet with you to give you the key and tell you about the best things to do in the neighborhood. Then the place is yours! This appartment will pr
31952		Belle appartement parisien atypique proche du métro, a 2 pas du sacré cœur et du quartier Montmartre Tout l'appartement Commerce de proximité Metro ligne 4
31953	A nice Loft/Duplex space in Paris, with large volume, and a comfortable living room. A nice and original Parisian apt.	Our loft apt. is well situated in the historic Montmartre, just one step for shops, metros, buses and some stairs from the Sacree Coeur  :-)  No pre-visit, Thanks! A nice Loft/Duplex space in Paris, with large volume, and a comfortable living room. A nice and original Parisian apt. Everything Email A nice touristic and artistic neighborhood, place of Well-known Painters, Sculptors, Writers, Directors. One of the most beautiful place in Paris. Metro, buses, taxis, autolib at the corner of the street, the apt. Is closed to every transport, and just 20min of the Paris - Charles de Gaulle airport.
31954	Charming appartment in the heart of Montmartre – Paris 18th District This charming 2 room appartment  (40 m2)  light and sunny is located near by the place du Tertre and the Sacré Cœur. Well located in a quiet paved street at the corner of The Moulin de la Galette, this refined apartment is overlooking a nice park. Newly renovated, it has an antique charm but offers all the comfort of modern facilities : kitchen with american bar, oven, glass ceramic hob, fridge, coffee machine and bathroom with bath and washing and drying machine. The cosy living room gives a lounge area (with a daily use comfortable sofa bed for 2 people ) and a dining area (with 4 people table), to make you feel at home. Books and guides about Paris in french and english language are at your disposal to organize and enjoy your stay. The very large and comfortable bed room is fitted with flat screen TV. The high quality mattress is a Simmons and offers goose leather cushions & (website hidden)  has large built-in cup	This charming 2 room apartment (40 m2) light and sunny is located nearby the place du Tertre and the Sacré Cœur. Well located in a quiet paved street at the corner of The Moulin de la Galette, this refined apartment is overlooking a nice park. Newly renovated, it has an antique charm but offers all the comfort of modern facilities : kitchen with american bar, oven, glass ceramic hob, fridge, coffee machine and bathroom with bathtub and washing and drying machine. The cozy living room offers a lounge area (with a daily-use comfortable sofa bed for 2 people ) and a dining area (with 4 person table), to make you feel at home. Books and guides about Paris in French and English language are at your disposal to organize and enjoy your stay. The very large and comfortable bedroom is fitted with flat screen TV. The high quality mattress is a Simmons and offers goose leather cushions & (website hidden) has large built-in cupboards. This warm and welcoming apartment has wifi internet and Iphone 
31955	This comfortable duplex (two levels) with garden, 42 square meters, is very conveniently located in one of the oldest districts of Paris near to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. At the main floor there is a living room  (TV, wi-fi), a 2 person sofa bed, a kitchen, bathroom with toilets and bath. Downstairs you will find a sleeping room for 4 persons, 2 in a big bed and the other in 2 single beds. More information and  pictures are available by email.  You will be alone in this apartment.  You will have your own keys. 	This comfortable duplex (two levels) with garden, 42 square meters, is very conveniently located in one of the oldest districts of Paris near to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. At the main floor there is a living room  (TV, wi-fi), a 2 person sofa bed, a kitchen, bathroom with toilets and bath. Downstairs you will find a sleeping room for 4 persons, 2 in a big bed and the other in 2 single beds. More information and  pictures are available by email.  You will be alone in this apartment.  You will have your own keys.  This comfortable duplex (two levels) with garden, 42 square meters, is very conveniently located in one of the oldest districts of Paris near to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. At the main floor there is a living room  (TV, wi-fi), a 2 person sofa bed, a kitchen, bathroom with toilets and bath. Downstairs you will find a sleeping room for 4 persons, 2 in a big bed and the other in 2 single beds. More information and  pictures are available by email.  You will be alone in this apar
31956	Grand appartement en colocation TTC (television,internet,machine à laver).    Je sous loue ma chambre dans un belle appartement 6 pieces (110m2). Chambre toute equipée (lit, rangement). Appartement trés agreable grand salon, grande cuisine, belle salle de bain et deux wc. Collocataires actuelles de 23, 27 et 29 ans.   A la sortie du metro marcadet poissonnier, ligne 4 et 12. Quartier très agréable avec de très nombreux commerces. Anglais et allemand parlés par les colocataires. Paiement mensuelle: 630 TTC.	Grand appartement en colocation TTC (television,internet,machine à laver).    Je sous loue ma chambre dans un belle appartement 6 pieces (110m2). Chambre toute equipée (lit, rangement). Appartement trés agreable grand salon, grande cuisine, belle salle de bain et deux wc. Collocataires actuelles de 23, 27 et 29 ans.   A la sortie du metro marcadet poissonnier, ligne 4 et 12. Quartier très agréable avec de très nombreux commerces. Anglais et allemand parlés par les colocataires. Paiement mensuelle: 630 TTC.
31957	Idéal pour touristes/ stagiaires / Employé en déplacement courte durée. Location semaine uniquement	Deux pièces 44 m2 immeuble hausmannien  quartier coté et commerçant (métro J.Joffrin ligne 12 /ligne 4 proche Roissy CDGaulle/ gare du nord).quartier très parisien proche Montmartre et marché aux puces de StOuen, sorties Moulin Rouge ou Pigale....   Non fumeurs. Se conformer au règles d'usage de copropriété. Idéal pour touristes/ stagiaires / Employé en déplacement courte durée. Location semaine uniquement commerces de bouche et bistrots parisiens ligne 12 et 4 en métro. Bus directs gares du nord /Est  et Champs Elysées.
31958	This one bedroom flat (one bedroom + one living room) is perfect for short term accommodation in Paris.     The flat is in located in a really busy area 5 minutes walking distance to Montmatre, with many shops (bakery, supermarket, antique dealer, cheese shops...)  and nice cafes and restaurants. It's also 5 mniutes walking distance to the Sacré Coeur and 10 minutes from Moulin rouge area.  The flat is renovated with the kitchen and the bathroom amenities are modern. You will find everything you need in the kitchen to cook and the bathroom essentials are at your disposal.  The neighborhood is really nice and quite and the place is really safe. .  It is perfect for couples and suitable for a family (One bedroom + possibilities to sleep in the living room for 2). Also you are near many underground stations if you would like to go around. If you have any questions and.or if you have particular needs, don't hesitate to contact me ((email hidden)). I will be happy to help you. 	Renovated flat, 5 mins away from Montmartre, with modern bathroom and cuisine. Everything you need will be at your disposal + don't hesitate to ask me for tips! The area is really safe and  is not touristic: perfect to have a real Parisian experience This one bedroom flat (one bedroom + one living room) is perfect for short term accommodation in Paris.     The flat is in located in a really busy area 5 minutes walking distance to Montmatre, with many shops (bakery, supermarket, antique dealer, cheese shops...)  and nice cafes and restaurants. It's also 5 mniutes walking distance to the Sacré Coeur and 10 minutes from Moulin rouge area.  The flat is renovated with the kitchen and the bathroom amenities are modern. You will find everything you need in the kitchen to cook and the bathroom essentials are at your disposal.  The neighborhood is really nice and quite and the place is really safe. .  It is perfect for couples and suitable for a family (One bedroom + possibilities to sleep in t
31959	Appartement de 55 m² avec une atmosphère chaleureuse. Situé au dernière étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur) avec une ambiance plutôt calme et vue sur Montmartre.	Charmant appartement à 10 min du Sacré Coeur Proche du métro (Ligne 4,12,2) Accès à une place dans un parking privé Appartement de 55 m² avec une atmosphère chaleureuse. Situé au dernière étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur) avec une ambiance plutôt calme et vue sur Montmartre. Vous avez accès à toutes les parties de l'appartement Je suis disponible pour l'accueil et l'installation des voyageurs Le 18 ème au pied de Montmartre est un quartier qui bouge, avec beaucoup d'ambiance. Vous trouverez une multitude de bars et de restaurants aux cuisines variées (cuisine traditionnelle, cuisine du monde, restauration rapide...) Appartement situé à deux pas de la ligne 4 du métro (château rouge) et de la ligne de bus 31 (Château rouge). Accès rapide aux métro (Ligne 4,12 et 2) et aux bus (Ligne 31,85 et 80). Vous avez la possibilité de disposer d’une place dans un parking privé si vous êtes en voiture
31960	"in the heart of Montmartre The only noise will be birds.. Open the door, and it's one of the most beautiful part of Paris. The photographer Doisneau took so much picts of this authentic parisian place. Little streets, shops, an typical parisians. Sorry i'm like ""in love"" of this district but this is one of the 3... One of the only place in Paris where it's like a village. Pedestrian area on sunday.  A lot a little artisitics' shops. And if you love to cook... you will be at THE place to be (i put all the good places to buy food and eat on the guide) In the flat i realized everythings. By my hands. Modern and functional. You will be their like at home their is a new sofa now (like on pictures). Few comment was wrote about that but is now solved and much confortable! (19 july 2015)"	"Welcome at the"" abbesses "", between the moulin rouge and Montmartre, This modern flat isn't on the street but on a private garden. A peace of paradise in Paris. I'm French so my english will not be the perfect one.  sorry for the description. in the heart of Montmartre The only noise will be birds.. Open the door, and it's one of the most beautiful part of Paris. The photographer Doisneau took so much picts of this authentic parisian place. Little streets, shops, an typical parisians. Sorry i'm like ""in love"" of this district but this is one of the 3... One of the only place in Paris where it's like a village. Pedestrian area on sunday.  A lot a little artisitics' shops. And if you love to cook... you will be at THE place to be (i put all the good places to buy food and eat on the guide) In the flat i realized everythings. By my hands. Modern and functional. You will be their like at home their is a new sofa now (like on pictures). Few comment was wrote about that but is now solved and"
31961		Dans un appartement T3 tout équipé. Location d'une chambre privé avec des rangements, une clefs personnel de l'appartement. Le quartier est agréable et contient plein de petit restaurant, galerie d'artistes indépendants, jardin partagés, bars....
31962		35m2 flat right next to the Sacré Coeur, from 2 to 4 people (One 120cm bed + one 140cm bed - convertible). Cosy, quiet and sunny (6th floor, elevator). Kitchen open on the living room, independent bathroom, internet.
31963	A fantastic and sunny 35m2 / 400sq ft studio with 4 windows next to Montmartre / Opéra / Champs Elysées / Le Louvre / Moulin Rouge... The flat is an amazing cozy and very sunny studio with high ceiling and wooden apparent beams. A comfortable double size bed and a large luxury convertible armchair bed allows this classy studio to accomodate 3 guests. The flat has been totally refurbished and all furniture and fittings are brand new, and freshly painted. The american style kitchen is fully equipped, you can enjoy your breakfast at the kitchen bar or in the dining area. 2 sofas will allow you to fully relax after a day visiting Paris. A small haven of peace in Paris.	The flat is an amazing, cozy and sunny studio with high ceiling and wooden beams. A comfortable double size bed and a large luxury convertible armchair bed allows this classy studio to accomodate 3 guests.  A fantastic and sunny 35m2 / 400sq ft studio with 4 windows next to Montmartre / Opéra / Champs Elysées / Le Louvre / Moulin Rouge... The flat is an amazing cozy and very sunny studio with high ceiling and wooden apparent beams. A comfortable double size bed and a large luxury convertible armchair bed allows this classy studio to accomodate 3 guests. The flat has been totally refurbished and all furniture and fittings are brand new, and freshly painted. The american style kitchen is fully equipped, you can enjoy your breakfast at the kitchen bar or in the dining area. 2 sofas will allow you to fully relax after a day visiting Paris. A small haven of peace in Paris. Located in the heart of Paris with a straight access to Gare du Nord (Eurostar train or Orly airport), Roissy Charles d
31964	Situated in a quiet area behind Place de Clichy, this 68 square meter (731 square feet) duplex is only a short walk from the funky Les Batignolles neighborhood with its hip bars, Abbesses and its “Funiculaire” to the Sacre Coeur, and Montmartre with its historical artist scene. Entered through a cozy, little courtyard, on the ground floor you will find a spacious foyer with coat and shoe racks, a washroom with separate toilet, a bedroom with a queen size bed and plenty of closet space, and another smaller bedroom with a sofa bed. At the top of the spiral staircase on the first floor you enter a large open space with sitting area that includes a sofa bed , second full bathroom, and small, separate office. On the other side of the staircase, you can enjoy the large dining area with a fully-equipped kitchen. Perfect for a holiday or as a quiet retreat to work from, come discover the City of Lights in your own home away from home!!!	This spacious yet cozy 2-bedroom/2-bath apartment is located in a quiet area behind Place de Clichy and only a short walk from the lively neighborhoods of Les Batignolles, Abbesses & Montmartre. Situated in a quiet area behind Place de Clichy, this 68 square meter (731 square feet) duplex is only a short walk from the funky Les Batignolles neighborhood with its hip bars, Abbesses and its “Funiculaire” to the Sacre Coeur, and Montmartre with its historical artist scene. Entered through a cozy, little courtyard, on the ground floor you will find a spacious foyer with coat and shoe racks, a washroom with separate toilet, a bedroom with a queen size bed and plenty of closet space, and another smaller bedroom with a sofa bed. At the top of the spiral staircase on the first floor you enter a large open space with sitting area that includes a sofa bed , second full bathroom, and small, separate office. On the other side of the staircase, you can enjoy the large dining area with a fully-equipp
31965	The flat: It’s a duplex on the 5th floor, with lift, of a modern building: kitchen, living-room/sitting-room and bedroom to rent are on the ground floor. The other 3 rooms are on the top floor.  The room: The bedroom gives out on a small balcony. The en-suite has a shower&tap. There is a double bed, a big wardobe for your clothes, as well as a desk, a bedside table and a TV.	Perfect for a couple visiting our beautiful and romantic capital The flat is located in the heart of Montmartre in the 18th arrondissement. The bedroom gives out on a small balcony. The en-suite has a shower&tap.  The flat: It’s a duplex on the 5th floor, with lift, of a modern building: kitchen, living-room/sitting-room and bedroom to rent are on the ground floor. The other 3 rooms are on the top floor.  The room: The bedroom gives out on a small balcony. The en-suite has a shower&tap. There is a double bed, a big wardobe for your clothes, as well as a desk, a bedside table and a TV. The bedroom gives out on a small balcony. The en-suite has a shower&tap. There is a double bed, a big wardobe for your clothes, as well as a desk, a bedside table and a TV. 2 awesome girls and a guy in their late 20s/early 30s who will happily spend soem time with you. The flat is located in the heart of Montmartre in the 18th arrondissement, 10 min walk from the Sacred-heart and Place de Clichy. 5 min aw
31966		Modern apartment - 2 bedrooms - 1 nice kitchen and a large living room.  Located in the 18th district of Paris (metro Marcadet Poissonniers) - very easy to access - in a popular but safe place.  1 small terrace & an American fridge for the ice !  10 min to Sacré Coeur.
31967	Located at the heart of typical Montmartre, on the ground floor of a one-storey building, the apartment is both very bright and very quiet, with an intimate garden view. -------------------------------------------------------  Free Wifi, TV ------------------------------------------------------ The price also include the rental of linens & towels, shower gel, shampoo, make up remover, cream ... ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Available in the flat: Kusmi Tee, cofee, marmalade ----------------------------------------------------------------------- No iron in the flat	"This flat is very pleasant to live and very popular because of the quite place and the garden. I am pleased to receive many nice couples. If not available, i suggest you my other flat "" Romantic Artist Flat "" same building Located at the heart of typical Montmartre, on the ground floor of a one-storey building, the apartment is both very bright and very quiet, with an intimate garden view. -------------------------------------------------------  Free Wifi, TV ------------------------------------------------------ The price also include the rental of linens & towels, shower gel, shampoo, make up remover, cream ... ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Available in the flat: Kusmi Tee, cofee, marmalade ----------------------------------------------------------------------- No iron in the flat 7 minutes walk from ANVERS station line 2 From the metro station take the street (rue de Steinkerque) up the street then take (rue de Ronsard) on your right , then "
31968		Bonjour! Je libère ma chambre tout le mois d'Aout dans un appartement de 40m2 situé à Montmartre, métro Abbesses, dans un quartier très animé et vivant, très prisé pour son ambiance et son atmosphère de village. N'hésitez pas!
31969		Small flat refurbished 10 months ago, 12 minutes walk from Sacré 
31970	Situé au 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur, cet appartement calme et lumineux offre une vue unique depuis le balcon. Sa pièce principale haute sur plafond est vraiment très agréable à vivre. Cuisine équipée. On accède à la chambre par un escalier. Elle est située sous les toits. Salle de bain avec baignoire. 	Rue calme, balcon sur une très belle vue sur le Sacré Cœur ! Appartement charmant. Les pièces sont lumineuses : une grande pièce avec cuisine équipée et ouverte sur le salon, chambre sous les toits, salle de bain avec baignoire. Situé au 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur, cet appartement calme et lumineux offre une vue unique depuis le balcon. Sa pièce principale haute sur plafond est vraiment très agréable à vivre. Cuisine équipée. On accède à la chambre par un escalier. Elle est située sous les toits. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Nous serons ravis de vous conseiller les bons restos du quartier! Le quartier a une vrai vie de village avec de nombreux commerces de proximité, de très bons restaurants en terrasse, et le son des cloches du Sacré Cœur ! Très bien desservis Métro : Lignes 2 et 4  Plusieurs bus Station vélib
31971	A beautiful open bedroom on the bathroom for a romantic couple and in the living room a single bed for a kid or an adult with a view on a garden where you can ear the birds after the sound of the crowd. Kitchen in open space. 	Situé en plein coeur de l'arrondissement. Profitez d'un très beau deux pièces d'une surface de 36 mètres carrés avec vue sur jardin au calme. Proche Montmartre et Pigalle. Accès Conciergerie privée. Possibilité d'organiser votre séjour personnalisé. A beautiful open bedroom on the bathroom for a romantic couple and in the living room a single bed for a kid or an adult with a view on a garden where you can ear the birds after the sound of the crowd. Kitchen in open space.  The Flat is lotaced at the heart of 18 district. It is in Jules Joffrin area. It is one of the most animated quarters in Paris. Near by Butte Montmartre it has many bars and restaurants, supermarket and greengrocer. On tuesdays friday and sundays, a grocery-market only 100m away from the flat. On saturdays, sundays, mondays the Flea (email hidden) by foot. The quarter is very central, and very easy to discover Paris with the two main subway lines : 4 that cross all Paris and get to Les Halles, Louvre, Saint-Germain, M
31972	"At the foot of the butte Montmartre, big(82m²) apartment haussmannien rebuilt in 2013, North-South view, overlooking the Sacré Coeur, in a 1900 building with digicode and interphone. The apartment is on the 4th. floor with lift, distributed by a corridor on a double living room, three bedrooms and a small kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, and WC. Three rooms have a whizzing balcony with view Confort:  -	sleeping up to 6 people with bedding full -	 Large living room with a sofa bed 140 x60cm -	 Parental room on court with a bed of 140 x 200 cm -	Large bedroom with a bed 90 x 200 and a large wardrobe -	 Small room with a bed 90 x 200 cm -	Bathroom with bath and linen at disposal -	 Separate WC -	Grand Hall Equipment: -	 Kitchen: electric household full and nine from 2013 -	Flat screen TV and radio/CD Facilities: -	Metro station 50 m on the lines 2(East/West) and 4 (North/South) -	 Railway stations Nord and Est at 2 stations  -	Bus lines n°30 and 54 at the foot of the building -	parking Anv"	"At the foot of the butte Montmartre, big(82m²) apartment haussmannien rebuilt in 2013, North-South view, overlooking the Sacré Coeur, in a 1900 building with digicode and interphone. The apartment is on the 4th. floor with lift, distributed by a corridor on a double living room, three bedrooms and a small kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, and WC. Three rooms have a whizzing balcony with view Confort:  -	sleeping up to 6 people with bedding full -	 Large living room with a sofa bed 140 x60cm -	 Parental room on court with a bed of 140 x 200 cm -	Large bedroom with a bed 90 x 200 and a large wardrobe -	 Small room with a bed 90 x 200 cm -	Bathroom with bath and linen at disposal -	 Separate WC -	Grand Hall Equipment: -	 Kitchen: electric household full and nine from 2013 -	Flat screen TV and radio/CD Facilities: -	Metro station 50 m on the lines 2(East/West) and 4 (North/South) -	 Railway stations Nord and Est at 2 stations  -	Bus lines n°30 and 54 at the foot of the building -	parking Anv"
31973		Appartement de charme, très ensoleillé, toutes commodités, au premier étage d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Une chambre avec une armoire lit à télécommande, et un canapé confortable pour une personne. 
31974	Appartement traversant de 43m² composé de deux pièces principales donnant sur cour : - Hall d'entrée,  - Cuisine équipée : entièrement équipée avec un réfrigérateur/congélateur, cuisinière vitrocéramique, évier, lave-vaisselle, cafetière expresso, grille-pain.  - Toilettes avec lave-main,  - Séjour : TV câble, LCD 107cm, WI FI, table basse transformable en table haute, canapé-lit 2 personnes (140x190), banc d'école, - Chambre : lit 2 personnes (140x190), penderie - Salle d'eau : grande douche, sèche-serviette, lavabo et lave-linge. Chauffage électrique dans salon, chambre, hall d'entrée et salle de bain. Chauffe-eau électrique.	Dans un immeuble avec digicode et gardien, chaleureux appartement situé dans un quartier vivant et commerçant (bars, restaurants et commerces), en plein cœur de Montmartre. Traversant et entièrement sur cour, il est donc très calme et lumineux. Appartement traversant de 43m² composé de deux pièces principales donnant sur cour : - Hall d'entrée,  - Cuisine équipée : entièrement équipée avec un réfrigérateur/congélateur, cuisinière vitrocéramique, évier, lave-vaisselle, cafetière expresso, grille-pain.  - Toilettes avec lave-main,  - Séjour : TV câble, LCD 107cm, WI FI, table basse transformable en table haute, canapé-lit 2 personnes (140x190), banc d'école, - Chambre : lit 2 personnes (140x190), penderie - Salle d'eau : grande douche, sèche-serviette, lavabo et lave-linge. Chauffage électrique dans salon, chambre, hall d'entrée et salle de bain. Chauffe-eau électrique. Capacité d’accueil : jusqu'à 4 personnes. Tous les draps, serviettes, vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine & linge de maiso
31975	L appartement est petit 15metre carré mais parfaitement agencé ! Vous ne vous sentirez jamais à l'etroit ! 	studio bien situé entre les stations de métro marcadet-poissonnier (ligne 4) et jules-joffrin (ligne12), au coeur du 18ème à proximité de tout (commerce, métro, bars, marché). Un appartement sous les toits dans lequel vous serez comme chez vous. L appartement est petit 15metre carré mais parfaitement agencé ! Vous ne vous sentirez jamais à l'etroit ! Je vous fournis des draps propres et 2 serviettes de toilettes. L'appartement est situé entre marcadet poissonnier (ligne4) et jules joffrin (ligne 12).  À 15min de gare du nord et gare de l'est. À 35 min de gare de lyon et porte maillot (ryanair). À 1h des aeroports charles de gaulles et orly en transport. Attention se loger sous les toits à Paris à un prix : pas d'ascenseur !
31976	Beau duplex très lumineux, salon sur cour très calme, chambre indépendante avec un grand lit double et chambre en mezzanine avec lit double également.	A quelques minutes seulement de la Place des Abbesses, venez passer quelques jours à Paris dans le charmant quartier de Montmartre. L'appartement dispose de deux chambres dont une en mezzanine, situé dans un immeuble très calme, tout équipé. Beau duplex très lumineux, salon sur cour très calme, chambre indépendante avec un grand lit double et chambre en mezzanine avec lit double également. Cuisine équipée : frigo, lave vaisselle, cuisinière, machine à café Lave linge, draps et serviettes à disposition Je reste à l'entière disposition des voyageurs par téléphone et/ou mail pour toutes informations sur le quartier, les choses à y faire, les restaurants, ou toute autre demande. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier très agréable, aux pieds de Montmartre, accessible en 10 mn de ballade. Les commerces restaurants et bars sont très nombreux, sa proximité avec la Place Clichy et Blanche célèbre pour son histoire emblématique avec le Moulin Rouge et autres, chers au quartier de Pigalle. Lig
31977		"Typical old style Parisian building on the ""butte Montmarte"". Perfect place for  couple, enjoy the balcony expose south with no direct facing. The street is calm but next to local shops and cafés ."
31978	30 m2	its a very cozy stduio situed in heart of Montmartre with all included like the tv+satelitte channels, washing machine,dryer,internet,high debit, italian shower, nespresso coffe machine, all shops in the area , moulin rouge its like 2 min from there 30 m2 lift in the building and the studio is on the 1st floor once the restaurants,shops,the people most are really cool its a tourist place.. metro 2 Blanche or metro 12 abbesses
31979	"Go through  ""Porte de la Chapelle"".  Park your car in the basement of the building. Climb by lift to admire the magnificent view of Montmartre in a quiet and charming flat.  The subway waiting for you at the foot of the building. Paris is yours. Light floods this ""cozy"" warm and functional accommodation. Montmartre and its hill are facing you, the Eiffel Tower points its nose. It can welcome 2 people who will find there all the necessary equipment: fitted kitchen, nice bathroom, plenty of storage space, wifi connection, washing machine. The studio apartment is yours. My charwoman, in the same building, will give you the keys and all the explanations. Maurice, the « concierge », is available throughout the day to help you. I will be there through the bouquet of flowers that you will find on your arrival.  You'have the phone number of the my charwoman, who lives on the 6nd floor. And of course, Maurice could also help you. Porte de la Chapelle is a great welcome and mobility place. This "	"Go through  ""Porte de la Chapelle"".  Park your car in the basement of the building. Climb by lift to admire the magnificent view of Montmartre in a quiet and charming flat.  The subway waiting for you at the foot of the building. Paris is yours. Light floods this ""cozy"" warm and functional accommodation. Montmartre and its hill are facing you, the Eiffel Tower points its nose. It can welcome 2 people who will find there all the necessary equipment: fitted kitchen, nice bathroom, plenty of storage space, wifi connection, washing machine. The studio apartment is yours. My charwoman, in the same building, will give you the keys and all the explanations. Maurice, the « concierge », is available throughout the day to help you. I will be there through the bouquet of flowers that you will find on your arrival.  You'have the phone number of the my charwoman, who lives on the 6nd floor. And of course, Maurice could also help you. Porte de la Chapelle is a great welcome and mobility place. This "
31980	Bonjour, Je loue un petit appartement pour les fêtes. Idéal famille ou couple. Il est composé d'un salon avec un clic clac deux places et d'une chambre avec un lit deux places. Au total: 4  couchages. Il y a le metro à seulement 2mn à pied et le quartier est sympa. N'hésitez pas pour plus d'informations. O 2 minutes à pied du Metro / two minutes walk from the metro	Bonjour, Je loue un petit appartement pour les fêtes. Idéal famille ou couple. Il est composé d'un salon avec un clic clac deux places et d'une chambre avec un lit deux places. Au total: 4  couchages. Il y a le metro à seulement 2mn à pied et le quartier est sympa. N'hésitez pas pour plus d'informations. O 2 minutes à pied du Metro / two minutes walk from the metro
31981	L'appartement tout équipé - 1 chambre avec un lit queen size (160 x 190) - draps non fournis - 1 salon avec un canapé convertible si besoin, 1 table à manger, etc. - 1 cuisine équipée (plaques électriques, cafetière, machine à laver) - 1 salle d’eau (lavabo, douche, toilettes) – sèche-cheveux mis à disposition Et le wifi ! L’immeuble : construit au début du XXème, fraîchement rénové, sécurisé par un digicode. L’appartement est situé au 2ème étage, orienté ouest et faisant face à un square. 	L’appartement : refait il y a un an, un cocon lumineux, confortable et agréable de 30m²  Le quartier : le Paris des Parisiens dans le 18ème, un haut lieu touristique et qui a su aussi rester authentique et populaire L'appartement tout équipé - 1 chambre avec un lit queen size (160 x 190) - draps non fournis - 1 salon avec un canapé convertible si besoin, 1 table à manger, etc. - 1 cuisine équipée (plaques électriques, cafetière, machine à laver) - 1 salle d’eau (lavabo, douche, toilettes) – sèche-cheveux mis à disposition Et le wifi ! L’immeuble : construit au début du XXème, fraîchement rénové, sécurisé par un digicode. L’appartement est situé au 2ème étage, orienté ouest et faisant face à un square. Les plus de l'appartement : wifi, bien desservi - Métro : Ligne 4 (5 mn - Porte de Clignancourt) et ligne 12 (10 mn - Jules Joffrin) - Accès direct des principales gares parisiennes (Gare du Nord, Gare de l’Est, Montparnasse, Saint-Lazare) Le quartier : le Paris des Parisiens Le 18ème est
31982		'  Un appartement de paris chaude: Vous serez charmé par le parquet et des murs blancs. L'emplacement est idéal. Vous serez entre Montmartre et les Batignolles.  '
31983	This apartment lies in the beautiful Montmartre area. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris, which is also a very lively Parisian district with a lot of restaurants, bars, boutiques, and close to the trendy streets “rue des Martyrs”, “rue des Abbesses” and “rue Lepic”. The street Rue Mont Cenis goes all the way up to the Sacre Coeur and Place du Terte, it's about 5 minutes walk from the apartment (be prepared for a few stairs!) The apartment is on the first floor and does not have an elevator, all the windows have double glass so any noise from the street is reduced to a minimum.  The apartment has one quality double bed in the bedroom and a good sleeping sofa in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen including oven, microwave, dishwasher and washing machine. Tea coffee and basic cooking ingredients are supplied. The apartment has free WiFi and a computer to use in case you didn't bring your own.	This apartment lies in the beautiful Montmartre area. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris, which is also a very lively Parisian district with a lot of restaurants, bars, boutiques, and close to the trendy streets. This apartment lies in the beautiful Montmartre area. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris, which is also a very lively Parisian district with a lot of restaurants, bars, boutiques, and close to the trendy streets “rue des Martyrs”, “rue des Abbesses” and “rue Lepic”. The street Rue Mont Cenis goes all the way up to the Sacre Coeur and Place du Terte, it's about 5 minutes walk from the apartment (be prepared for a few stairs!) The apartment is on the first floor and does not have an elevator, all the windows have double glass so any noise from the street is reduced to a minimum.  The apartment has one quality double bed in the bedroom and a good sleeping sofa in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen including oven, microwave, dishwasher and washing machine.
31984	We love our city and have lived here all our life, we will be happy to welcome you and tell you all the secrets to enjoy à perfect stay in Paris. You wont need to go far : our district is full of very good and not expensive restaurants. You can enjoy our dvds, books and all other equipments and of course, we will always give you fresh and clean sheets and towels.	"Hello ! We just put our flat on Airbnb so no reviews so far but a tons of qualities :) Very well connected to all attractions in Paris, in a popular, safe and trendy district, with à balcony and a beautiful view, all the confort at a sweet price ! We love our city and have lived here all our life, we will be happy to welcome you and tell you all the secrets to enjoy à perfect stay in Paris. You wont need to go far : our district is full of very good and not expensive restaurants. You can enjoy our dvds, books and all other equipments and of course, we will always give you fresh and clean sheets and towels. You we enjoy all the flat ! No restrictions.  To access our appartment, just come from the Barbes-Rochechouard metro station, its 3 minutes away and very connected with line 2 and 4 going in all directions. We are in a popular, fukk of life district. If you want to try local food, just grab a revisited couscous or tajine ! You can also test the new and hipster Bar-Brasserie ""Le Barbe"
31985	Our 40 sq. m. (430 sq. feet) flat is located in an animated Parisian neighborhood and close to Montmartre!            Description of the apartment The apartment is situated in an old-fashioned characteristic Parisian-styled building, of well-restored Hausmann architecture (ashlar stone walls). As we have no flat opposite, and only one wall in common with our neighbour, the flat is incredibly quiet for a town-flat! It is well oriented, with windows on both sides,  and being situated on the top floor, you get a lot of sun all day long and in the evening you can sit on the couch and drink your aperitif while watching the sun set over the Paris roofs and the Sacré Cœur ! Our apartment is composed of one bedroom, one open kitchen and living room, one bathroom (with toilets) and one little room with a baby bed. This small nursery is separated from the living room by a wall with workshop-style window panes, fitted with curtains. Our apartment would suit perfectly a couple with a baby.  There 	Our 376sq. feet flat is located in the North. The apartment is situated in an old-fashioned characteristic Parisian-styled building. It is well oriented and you get sun all day long. As we love the neighborhood we could advice you good places to go! Our 40 sq. m. (430 sq. feet) flat is located in an animated Parisian neighborhood and close to Montmartre!            Description of the apartment The apartment is situated in an old-fashioned characteristic Parisian-styled building, of well-restored Hausmann architecture (ashlar stone walls). As we have no flat opposite, and only one wall in common with our neighbour, the flat is incredibly quiet for a town-flat! It is well oriented, with windows on both sides,  and being situated on the top floor, you get a lot of sun all day long and in the evening you can sit on the couch and drink your aperitif while watching the sun set over the Paris roofs and the Sacré Cœur ! Our apartment is composed of one bedroom, one open kitchen and living room
31986	Appartement très calme et lumineux. Agréable à vivre et très bien situé : Proche de Montmartre, La Villette, Quais de Seine, métros à 10 minutes et Gare du Nord à 20 minutes...à pieds ! Toutes commodités : internet, TV, lave linge, micro-onde etc...	"Ce petit appartement de 38m2 est situé dans un quartier populaire et animé. Proche des commerces, des lignes de métros et de la Gare du Nord, il permettra à un couple ou à une petite famille (4 pers. max) de passer un séjours agréable... Appartement très calme et lumineux. Agréable à vivre et très bien situé : Proche de Montmartre, La Villette, Quais de Seine, métros à 10 minutes et Gare du Nord à 20 minutes...à pieds ! Toutes commodités : internet, TV, lave linge, micro-onde etc... Populaire et vivant. Marché à proximité. Nombreux commerces. Lignes de métro 2 (La Chapelle) ou 12 (Marx Dormoy) et/ou Gare du Nord (RER B ou D) depuis aéroports CDC ou Orly, ou bus 65 depuis Gare de Lyon ou Nord, arrêt ""Département""."
31987	Appartement au 9ème étage, comprenant une chambre (avec accès salle de bain) , séjour avec canapé convertible, grand balcon donnant sur tout Paris, cuisine équipée. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardien. 	Appartement proche des transports avec grand balcon, vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris. Très lumineux avec des grandes baies vitrées. Appartement au 9ème étage, comprenant une chambre (avec accès salle de bain) , séjour avec canapé convertible, grand balcon donnant sur tout Paris, cuisine équipée. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardien. Quartier Montmartre, Sacré Coeur 15 mins à pieds. Entre 2 stations de métro (5 mins à pieds), bus 81 juste en bas de la rue qui emmène dans le centre ville
31988	Nice attic room in Montmartre, in a roomy 90m2 appartment with a large terrace. Independent access to kitchen, WC, bathroom and terrace, which will be shared with the three of us : Annabelle (architect), Aurélie (scenographer) and Paul (ethnologist). You may share breakfast with us and, in any case, we will always offer bread, jam, cereals, coffee, tea... The three of us love cooking ; if ever a dinner is set up during your stay, you will be warmly invited to join. We will guide you through the current cultural events, and will let you know about our favorite venues for drinks and food. Our appartment is located at the foot of the Montmartre hill, near Sacré Coeur, a 10-minute walk to Place de Clichy, Puces de Saint-Ouen, and Marché Saint-Pierre. Next to our building, you will find numerous conveniences : butcher, fromagerie (cheese shop), bakeries, wine merchant, restaurants, bars... Nearest metro stations are Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12), Jules Joffrin (line 12), Blanche (line 2), 	Nice attic room in Montmartre, in a roomy 90m2 appartment with a large terrace. Independent access to kitchen, WC, bathroom and terrace, which will be shared with the three of us : Annabelle (architect), Aurélie (scenographer) and Paul (ethnologist). You may share breakfast with us and, in any case, we will always offer bread, jam, cereals, coffee, tea... The three of us love cooking ; if ever a dinner is set up during your stay, you will be warmly invited to join. We will guide you through the current cultural events, and will let you know about our favorite venues for drinks and food. Our appartment is located at the foot of the Montmartre hill, near Sacré Coeur, a 10-minute walk to Place de Clichy, Puces de Saint-Ouen, and Marché Saint-Pierre. Next to our building, you will find numerous conveniences : butcher, fromagerie (cheese shop), bakeries, wine merchant, restaurants, bars... Nearest metro stations are Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12), Jules Joffrin (line 12), Blanche (line 2), 
31989		Joli appartement de 2 pièces, extrêmement lumineux, calme et agréable. Il se trouve juste en bas de la butte Montmartre dans un quartier vivant. Dernier étage, avec vue sur le Sacré-cœur, chambre sur cour, idéal pour un couple. Simple et charmant.
31990	"This typical parisian flat with old style parquet and a fireplace is waiting for you! Cosy, full of light, you are welcome with a view from the entrance on parisian roofs and the Eiffel Tower in the back. Fully equipped with internet access, international calls (list on demand), cable TV, CD/DVD player, washing machine, dish-machine, oven, coffee machine,...you'll be happy to get ""home"" and enjoy resting in this 50 square meters flat. There is a small bathroom (shower and WC). The bedroom has a real bed and a dedicated wardrobe. "	"At the foot of Montmartre, a charming 2 rooms 50 sq/m with typical Parisian charm awaits you!  (10 minutes walk from Abbesses and 15 minutes walk from the Butte Montmartre).  https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/montmartre This typical parisian flat with old style parquet and a fireplace is waiting for you! Cosy, full of light, you are welcome with a view from the entrance on parisian roofs and the Eiffel Tower in the back. Fully equipped with internet access, international calls (list on demand), cable TV, CD/DVD player, washing machine, dish-machine, oven, coffee machine,...you'll be happy to get ""home"" and enjoy resting in this 50 square meters flat. There is a small bathroom (shower and WC). The bedroom has a real bed and a dedicated wardrobe. The full apartment will be yours and I wish you will enjoy it as much as I do. I just hope you will take care of it as I put a lot of effort in decorating/restoring it. Towels are provided as well as basic necessities (soap, shampoo, toothpa"
31991	Il s'agit de ma résidence principale. Mes affaires seront donc encore dans l'appartement, mais vous aurez la place de mettre les votre	Appartement de 31 m² très calme dans résidence sécurisée, très lumineux avec vue sur jardin. Proche tout commerce et à 15 min à pieds de montmartre. Bus 31 et métro 13 guy moquet Il s'agit de ma résidence principale. Mes affaires seront donc encore dans l'appartement, mais vous aurez la place de mettre les votre Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement, il s'agit d'un studio de 31 m² Je pourrais vous apporter mon aide tout au long de votre séjour par téléphone. Sinon il y a un gardien sur place Le quartier est très sympa, proche de montmartre (15 min à pied). Beaucoup de commerces (carrefour market, monoprix, lidl, boulangerie, pharmacie, restaurants) Bus 31 à côté, 7 min du métro 13 guy moquet, station vélib et autolib au pied
31992	The apartment as : a living room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with double bed, a bath room with italian shower, separated toilettes. The apartment is perfect for a couple, a family or friends, as there is one bed room with double bed and a double sofa bed in the living room.  The kitchen is fully equiped : Nespresso machine, dishwasher,oven, steam cooker, microave, fridge, washing machine etc Everything you need will be provided in the apartment: tv, wifi, bed linen, towels, hair drier, iron, iron table… There is a balcony with garden view.	Enjoy a 2-room apartment on the 4th floor with elevator. It's quiet (garden view) and modern flat perfectly located to enjoy Parisian life and sightseeing.  You can find in the area trendy shops, bars and restaurants, and walk along the c The apartment as : a living room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with double bed, a bath room with italian shower, separated toilettes. The apartment is perfect for a couple, a family or friends, as there is one bed room with double bed and a double sofa bed in the living room.  The kitchen is fully equiped : Nespresso machine, dishwasher,oven, steam cooker, microave, fridge, washing machine etc Everything you need will be provided in the apartment: tv, wifi, bed linen, towels, hair drier, iron, iron table… There is a balcony with garden view. I'll be at the flat to welcome you and give you the keys. You can ask whatever you need to know to enjoy a nice stay, I'll be available by phone or e-mail all along your trip in Paris. You can find in the area t
31993	 equipments  fridge  deep freeze  stove   coffee machine   washing machine  iron  hairdryer  aspirator commodités / commodities / commodidades :  beaucoup de restaurants, bars / a lot of restaurants, pubs / muchos restaurants, bares  supermarché et épiceries / supermarkets and groceries / supermercados y tiendas de alimentacion  bureaux de tabac et presse / tabacs and press / estancos y prensa  boulangeries / bakeries / panaderias	"65m² flat in haussmanian building. 10 min away walking from the ""Sacré Coeur"". The flat include 2 doble bedrooms and 1 living room with sofa.  equipments  fridge  deep freeze  stove   coffee machine   washing machine  iron  hairdryer  aspirator commodités / commodities / commodidades :  beaucoup de restaurants, bars / a lot of restaurants, pubs / muchos restaurants, bares  supermarché et épiceries / supermarkets and groceries / supermercados y tiendas de alimentacion  bureaux de tabac et presse / tabacs and press / estancos y prensa  boulangeries / bakeries / panaderias all flat exchange of keys crossroad between a typical ""bourgeois"" quarter  and a melting pot area. transportations:  Metro line 4, stop Marcadet-Poisonniers.   Metro line 1, stop Jules Joffrin.  Bus lines.   to come :  from Airport Charles De Gaulle (50 min). RER B until Gare du Nord + Metro 4 until Marcadet-Poisonniers.   from Airport Orly (60 min). RER C  until Bibliothèque François Mitterand  + Metro 14 until Châtele"
31994		Studio de charme en plein coeur de Paris (Montmartre), design, calme et lumineux. Idéal pour découvrir Paris. Charming studio in the heart of Paris (Montmartre) , design, quiet and bright. Ideal for a week-end in Paris.
31995	Ce deux pièces de 30m2 bien aménagé est meublé avec le souci d'économiser de la place. Au cinquième et dernier étage (sans ascenseur, très bon entrainement pour les balades a Montmartre, et pour les cuisses!), il est orienté plein Ouest, et donc très lumineux et offre une vue dégagée très agréable sur les toits, surtout au coucher du soleil. Si vous êtes fatigués de vous battre pour des places en terrasse au soleil, il suffit de boire votre verre ici! On aperçoit le sommet du Sacré-Coeur depuis la fenêtre du salon (juste un petit bout, mais il suffit de 5min de marche pour y être en vrai). Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes, grâce au canapé convertible dans le salon. Petit frigo avec freezer, lave-linge, micro-onde, bouilloire, ustensiles de cuisine et vaisselle sont à votre disposition, ainsi que mes plantes aromatiques (qu'il faudrait arroser). Salle d'eau et WC séparés. Je viens d'emménager, c'est donc ma première annonce sur Airbnb. Small, but well-or	Ce joli deux pièces bien aménagé et très lumineux peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. A 5 minutes à pied du Sacré-Coeur, le quartier est animé, métissé et très bien desservi. Métro lignes 2, 4 et 12. Cute two room, bright flat for up to 4 people. Ce deux pièces de 30m2 bien aménagé est meublé avec le souci d'économiser de la place. Au cinquième et dernier étage (sans ascenseur, très bon entrainement pour les balades a Montmartre, et pour les cuisses!), il est orienté plein Ouest, et donc très lumineux et offre une vue dégagée très agréable sur les toits, surtout au coucher du soleil. Si vous êtes fatigués de vous battre pour des places en terrasse au soleil, il suffit de boire votre verre ici! On aperçoit le sommet du Sacré-Coeur depuis la fenêtre du salon (juste un petit bout, mais il suffit de 5min de marche pour y être en vrai). Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes, grâce au canapé convertible dans le salon. Petit frigo avec freezer, lave-linge, micro-o
31996	"Very nice flat on the first floor consists of a large living room with fireplace A spacious bedroom with a big and comfortable bed, a romantic, sunny place!  a kitchen with all you need to cook,  a bathroom and a washing machine,  The building is quiet, the apartment is bright. In a shopping district, welcoming, where to live and visit. 10 minutes from the ""Sacré-Coeur"";  at the bottom of the butte Montmartre et du quartier des abesses! you will find a lots of food shop and restaurant around. Nice café too.  Many transport nearby: Metro line 13 ( stop at guy moquet) , 4 ( stop at marcadet poissonnier) and 12 ( stop at lamarck-caulaincourt)  Bus: 60, 31, stop at duhesme le ruisseau"" Autolib , Velib station at1 minute. And you are quickly connected to four train stations of the capital! (St Lazare, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord and Montparnasse) Perfect for a nice and relaxing stay in the flat alone or two!"	"Wonderful flat with one bedroom, a spacious living room, a separate kitchen. A typical parisian flat with fireplace and space. Very closed to a lots of delicious restaurants and bars. Very nice flat on the first floor consists of a large living room with fireplace A spacious bedroom with a big and comfortable bed, a romantic, sunny place!  a kitchen with all you need to cook,  a bathroom and a washing machine,  The building is quiet, the apartment is bright. In a shopping district, welcoming, where to live and visit. 10 minutes from the ""Sacré-Coeur"";  at the bottom of the butte Montmartre et du quartier des abesses! you will find a lots of food shop and restaurant around. Nice café too.  Many transport nearby: Metro line 13 ( stop at guy moquet) , 4 ( stop at marcadet poissonnier) and 12 ( stop at lamarck-caulaincourt)  Bus: 60, 31, stop at duhesme le ruisseau"" Autolib , Velib station at1 minute. And you are quickly connected to four train stations of the capital! (St Lazare, Gare de "
31997		Joli petit 2 pièces avec chambre grand lit séparée et salon-cuisine sur cour. Quartier populaire et tranquille entre Montmartre, les puces de Saint-Ouen et Chateau-Rouge. Calme. Wifi, lave-linge, et équipement cuisine. Métro Simplon ou Marcadet.
31998	"Small apartment, light, it has both north and south side exposure and not overlooked. Perched on rooftops overlooking Paris to the south, and ""Sacred Coeur"" on the other side!  Central location. Very center of Paris in 15 minutes on foot.  Renovated last year, it is calm and comfortable!"	"In the heart of the cosmopolitan and popular area of Barbes, 2 steps from Montmartre and Sacre Coeur, we offer two rooms on the 4th floor! You will dominate the Paris in the room. At the windows of the living room a surprise awaits you ... Small apartment, light, it has both north and south side exposure and not overlooked. Perched on rooftops overlooking Paris to the south, and ""Sacred Coeur"" on the other side!  Central location. Very center of Paris in 15 minutes on foot.  Renovated last year, it is calm and comfortable! A garden is available for breathing before or back from visiting the district and Montmartre. Check In: before 6 pm (can be discussed) Check Out: before 2 pm Easily reachable by phone, email, from 7am to midnight!  Neighbors available and enjoyable. The area, Barbes, is well known by french people even they never came there! It's just in front of Montmartre Hill, 500 meters, 6 minutes by foot. It had a strange reputation few years ago because of the ""cosmopolitan"" po"
31999		Nice and cosy apartment near Montmartre/ Pigalle, sunny and fully equipped apartment with internet by fiber, TV, separated room with double bed and double bed sofa in the living room. Metro ligne 4 and 12 (10 min from Gare du Nord)
32000	Bedroom: bed queen size (clean sheets included), shower with sliding door and washbasin. Towels provided. Hairdryer.	A lovely bedroom homestay at 5th floor, furnished and renovated, in the heart of Montmartre.  Full French breakfast included. (Fresh baguette with butter&jam, tea/coffee and milk) Warm welcome! Bedroom: bed queen size (clean sheets included), shower with sliding door and washbasin. Towels provided. Hairdryer. - Cimetière de Montmartre - Butte Montmartre (Sacré-cœur) - Moulin Rouge - Puces of St-Ouen (biggest second hand market in the world) Answer by email in the current day Very lively quarter, several pubs and restaurants. Unique vibes of Montmartre Hill: concerts, cinemas, street artists. Quiet street, easy to find paying car parking around. Métros: Blanche (2), Lamarck/Abbesses (12), Place de Clichy (13). All these stations are 10mn walking away from the flat.  Buses: 80 et 95 Noctilien: N1 and N2, Place de Clichy House Rules are displayed inside the flat. 
32001		Atelier calme et ensoleillé avec une vue imprenable sur Montmartre et les toits de Paris. Très bien situé avec commerces, restaurants, marché, 2 lignes de métro 3 de Bus. Vous êtes à pied de Montmartre et Pigale 
32002	L'appartement est situé à quelques minutes à pieds du coeur Montmartre. De nombreuses lignes de bus et de métro à proximité permettent de se déplacer facilement dans Paris. L'appartement est confortable, lumineux et bien décoré. Il est aussi très bien équipé. Il y a tout ce dont on a besoin pour passer un bon séjour.	L'appartement est situé à quelques minutes à pieds du cœur Montmartre. L'appartement est confortable, lumineux et bien décoré. Il est aussi très bien équipé.  Il y a tout ce dont on a besoin pour passer un bon séjour. L'appartement est situé à quelques minutes à pieds du coeur Montmartre. De nombreuses lignes de bus et de métro à proximité permettent de se déplacer facilement dans Paris. L'appartement est confortable, lumineux et bien décoré. Il est aussi très bien équipé. Il y a tout ce dont on a besoin pour passer un bon séjour. Serviettes de toilette, Cuisine équipée, TV, Internet, Fer à repasser, Auxiliaire musique. Selon les demandes des voyageurs. Selon les demandes des voyageurs. Rue calme à proximité d'un quartier jeune et très vivant. Nombreux cafés, terrasses, restaurants et boutiques. Ligne 13, métro Guy Môquet Ligne 2, métro place de Clichy Ligne 12, métro Lamarck
32003	Super clean and quirky but comfortable space for 2, you'll have everything you need right outside your door step. For those coming by train into Gare du Nord, it's on the same train line too. We are available 24/7 for you in Paris if you need help. We are English speaking. there is no lift. The apartment however is located on the first floor.	Right near the base of Paris' second most famous landmark, the Sacré Coeur Basilica, you will love this quirky, buzzy, ethnic neighbourhood. Here, your peaceful, spotlessly clean studio in the heart of Montmartre awaits. The apartment is located on the first floor. There is no lift. Super clean and quirky but comfortable space for 2, you'll have everything you need right outside your door step. For those coming by train into Gare du Nord, it's on the same train line too. We are available 24/7 for you in Paris if you need help. We are English speaking. there is no lift. The apartment however is located on the first floor. Guests have access to everything. We will check you in and show you around and then leave you to your Paris stay. We will however be on call if you have any emergencies.  Montmartre is one of the prettiest neighbourhoods in Paris, distinguished by cobbled stones streets all leading up to the hill where the historic and majestic Sacre Coeur Basilica presides across Pari
32004	Studio rénové, 28 m2 avec RDC 3 fenêtres sur rue, double vitrage et persiennes Facile d'accès,en Rez de Chaussée,avec Gardienne sympathique Securisé avec 2 digit code.  Rue du Département: Métro Porte de la Chapelle. Salon/ Chambre avec lit confortable Bed up (plafond)  Cuisine Américaine équipé avec Bar Machine à laver . Réfrigérateur avec congélateur . Machine à café . Ustensiles de cuisine divers Etc.. Salle de Bain/WC avec baignoire . Dressing à votre disposition . Téléviseur, Internet Wifi, DVD Etc... PROCHE du Sacré Cœur/Canal Saint Martin. Parc de la Villette avec,son BASSIN, le ZENITH,la Cité des SCIENCES,La Salle PHILARMONIQUE,la Cité de la MUSIQUE à 25 mn de Aeroport ROISSY Charles de Gaulle. De l'appartement, le BUS N°65 Dir. Gare du Nord (5mn).D'ici: Metro ligne 4 ou RER B ou BUS 38 dir. Centre de Paris :NOTRE DAME DE PARIS (15 mn). D'ici agréable, A PIEDS, tous les sites attractifs :Louvre,ORSAY, Tour Eiffel, Elysée, Quai de Seine. 	From appartement BUS N°65 to Gare du Nord(5min.).From there  to center of Paris: NOTRE DAME DE PARIS take BUS 38 ,Metro line 4,or Train RER B(15min.). From there agreeably WALK easy to the Attractifs views :Seine,Louvre,Eiffel Tower,Elysée Etc..
32005	L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage, baigné de soleil, dans une rue très calme à proximité immédiate des transports en commun	A 2 pas de la place de Clichy, entre Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, les Batignolles et la gare Saint-Lazare L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage, baigné de soleil, dans une rue très calme à proximité immédiate des transports en commun L'appartement est loué entier ! Vous aurez donc accès à toutes les pièces et tous les équipements ! Vous trouverez, à proximité immédiate de l'immeuble, toutes sortes de commerces (supermarchés, boulangeries, tabacs, presses, pharmacies ...) et plein de petits restaurants et bistros très sympas ! - Station de Métro PLACE DE CLICHY (lignes 2 et 13)   - Station Velib' - Stations de bus - Station de taxi Distances (à pieds) : - 2 minutes de Pigalle et son fameux Moulin Rouge !  - 10 minutes du quartier des Abbesses et de Montmartre - 10 minutes du Square des Batignolles - 15 minutes de l'Opéra Garnier et des Galeries Lafayette
32006	"Charming apartment of 80 m2 next to Montmartre, ideally located at few minutes of “Sacré Coeur” and ""Place du Tertre"". The living room of 50m2 with an American kitchen is a unique “pièce à vivre” with its great space and its amazing view on the “Sacré Coeur”. It’s provided with Cable TV with DVD reader, High-speed internet connection (Wifi), 1 sofa bed for 2 people + 1 comfortable sofa to sleep (1 people). The apartment has beside 2 bedrooms with double bed, a bathroom with bath-tub and separated WC. Towels and cloths are provided. The kitchen is fully equipped and you will find a nice bar where you can spend nice time discussing with friends. We have a secured subterranean parking located at 1 block. Don’t hesitate in asking us more information about it (extra fee). At 30m there is the Metro “Jules Joffrin” (Line 12). Bus # 80 , 95, (Louvre and Jardin de Luxembourg) Bus 31 (Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile) The apartment is located close to Montmartre in the ""rue du Poteau"" and its famo"	"Charming apartment of 80 m2 next to Montmartre, ideally located at few minutes of “Sacré Coeur” and ""Place du Tertre"". The living room of 50m2 with an American kitchen is a unique “pièce à vivre” with its great space and its amazing view on the “Sacré Coeur”. It’s provided with Cable TV with DVD reader, High-speed internet connection (Wifi), 1 sofa bed for 2 people + 1 comfortable sofa to sleep (1 people). The apartment has beside 2 bedrooms with double bed, a bathroom with bath-tub and separated WC. Towels and cloths are provided. The kitchen is fully equipped and you will find a nice bar where you can spend nice time discussing with friends. We have a secured subterranean parking located at 1 block. Don’t hesitate in asking us more information about it (extra fee). At 30m there is the Metro “Jules Joffrin” (Line 12). Bus # 80 , 95, (Louvre and Jardin de Luxembourg) Bus 31 (Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile) The apartment is located close to Montmartre in the ""rue du Poteau"" and its famo"
32007		Chambre de caractère dans bel immeuble Hausmanien. Tout l'appartement sauf la seconde chambre.
32008	Situé à deux pas de l’Église Saint-Bernard et à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, ce studio de 25m2, refait à neuf en 2011, est d’un calme rare à Paris, au coeur du quartier animé de la Goutte d’or, et sera le point de départ idéal pour découvrir Montmartre, le quartier des Abesses et des lieux plus atypiques comme le quartier de l’Olive, le 104 ou un peu plus loin, mais aussi accessibles à pied, en bus, ou en Vélib’, les bords du canal de l’Ourcq et du bassin de la Villette.  Le logement se situe au RDC sur cour d’un immeuble de la rue principale du quartier, qui mène au métro Château Rouge (l.4 : deux stations de Gare du Nord en venant de l’aéroport CDG par le RER), Marcadet-Poissoniers (l.4 & l.12) ou Barbès-Rochechouart (l.4 & l.2), ce qui vous permet de vous rendre facilement partout dans la capitale, et dans le centre en 10 minutes.  Je serai sur place pour vous accueillir, vous présenter l’appartement et les points d’intérêts du quartier, sinon il y aura une personne de confiance	 Situé à deux pas de l’Église Saint-Bernard et à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, ce studio de 25m2, refait à neuf en 2011, est d’un calme rare à Paris, au coeur du quartier animé de la Goutte d’or, et sera le point de départ idéal pour découvrir Montmartre, le quartier des Abesses et des lieux plus atypiques comme le quartier de l’Olive, le 104 ou un peu plus loin, mais aussi accessibles à pied, en bus, ou en Vélib’, les bords du canal de l’Ourcq et du bassin de la Villette.  Le logement se situe au RDC sur cour d’un immeuble de la rue principale du quartier, qui mène au métro Château Rouge (l.4 : deux stations de Gare du Nord en venant de l’aéroport CDG par le RER), Marcadet-Poissoniers (l.4 & l.12) ou Barbès-Rochechouart (l.4 & l.2), ce qui vous permet de vous rendre facilement partout dans la capitale, et dans le centre en 10 minutes.  Je serai sur place pour vous accueillir, vous présenter l’appartement et les points d’intérêts du quartier, sinon il y aura une personne de confianc
32009	Décoration soignée. Charme parisien !!!!	Décoration soignée. Charme parisien !!!! Appartement de quartier ! Boulangerie, tabac et commerces à proximité. Métro ligne 13 : Guy Moquet
32010	In the heart of Montmartre, just a step from the Sacré-Coeur and 5 minutes from the famous Moulin Rouge, charming apartment bathed in sunshine with panoramic views over the rooftops of Paris. Great calm. Ideal for a couple, the studio offers all the privacy and comfort needed for an unforgettable stay in the most typical district of Paris with its trendy bars, restaurants, designer shops and artist studios.	"In the heart of Montmartre, just a step from the Sacré-Coeur and 5 minutes from the famous Moulin Rouge, charming apartment bathed in sunshine with panoramic views over the rooftops of Paris. Great calm. In the heart of Montmartre, just a step from the Sacré-Coeur and 5 minutes from the famous Moulin Rouge, charming apartment bathed in sunshine with panoramic views over the rooftops of Paris. Great calm. Ideal for a couple, the studio offers all the privacy and comfort needed for an unforgettable stay in the most typical district of Paris with its trendy bars, restaurants, designer shops and artist studios. The apartment is in the heart of the mound Montmartre where blows the real spirit of Paris. Close to the Sacre-Coeur Basilica, the Moulin de la Galette and the famous store Maison Collignon of ""Amelie Poulain"". District in perpetual excitement, Montmartre abounds in restaurants, in studios of artists and in creators' shops. Ideally served by the subway line 12 (Abbesses) and line 2 "
32011	It is located on the steps of Sacre Couer  and the  Place du Tertre so you can enjoy the buzzy atmosphere but as the apartment is located on a quiet street it is quiet at night	This is our much loved apartment on the steps of Sacre Couer. We use it ourselves as a family as often as we can. It is best suited to 2 people but can accommodate 4 (at no extra charge) if the sofa bed is used. Dvd library, wifi and washer dryer It is located on the steps of Sacre Couer  and the  Place du Tertre so you can enjoy the buzzy atmosphere but as the apartment is located on a quiet street it is quiet at night Guests have access to the entire apartment and all it's amenities. There is no off limit area We do not reside in France so all communication is conducted by email or phone. However we do have a management service which is contactable in case of emergencies. We love the fact that this was  the artist quarter of Paris, the hangout of Aristide Bruant, Toulouse Lautrec and Maurice Utrillo to name but a few. It's a great place to just wander around There are several metro lines within a few minutes walk of the apartment. It is only 1hr by metro and train to CDG airport
32012		Beautiful and comfortable room in an apartment in a very quiet neighborhood, on the 7th floor of a typical Parisian building, great view on rooftops and public garden. Walking distance to food shops, bistrots, bars & metros (line 12 & 4)
32013	Comfortable and typical appartment, inside the city of Paris and very close from Montmartre	"50m² appartment near Montmartre, inside the city of Paris, with one bedroom (queen size bed), living room, kitchen and bathroom. Third floor with lift Appartment in a building built in the 30's. Lots of cafés, food shops and 2 metro lines (12 and 4)  Comfortable and typical appartment, inside the city of Paris and very close from Montmartre Food shops, cafés, metro lines (12 and 4), Montmartre. I provide my guests with detailed information about the appartment, the area and how to reach the main tourist spots in Paris from my place. In addition, I recommend some places and area where I like to go out with friends in Paris. The neighborhood is a typical parisian area, not touristic, with a street very close from the appartment (""rue du Poteau"") dedicated to food shops, cafés, wine shops etc. Metro lines 4 and 12 Bus lines 80, 31 among others and a taxi station near the local city hall (2 minutes walking) I am always happy to meet and host new people."
32014	It is utterly spellbinding to be looking out at a 360 degree view of Paris. There is the odd  sound of church bells and birdsong --- it's a Romantic haven!	This is a unique and charming spot. A mini loft with a high ceiling and a magnificent view of the whole of paris. Quiet and peacefull. In the heart of Abesses Montmatre near all shops and cafes. Full of light, No where else quite like it . It is utterly spellbinding to be looking out at a 360 degree view of Paris. There is the odd  sound of church bells and birdsong --- it's a Romantic haven! The whole room is Private and available for you - It's small but with high ceilings feels like a baby loft . It's right in the heart of the most picturesque part of Montmatre - a stone's throw from Sacre Coeur . The lovely market at Anvers not far for fresh groceries and lots of great cafes and Shops. It's five minutes from Abesses metro !
32015	Located close to the town hall of the 18th, this lovely little apartment gives privileged access to the lives and businesses of Montmartre and its surroundings ... Renovated : entrance hall, lounge and fitted kitchen hallway, bathroom and small private room (bed:1m20) . A cozy and sober when it feels good mood :) It also has a TV, microwave oven, coffee machine, washing machine, ironing board, internet.	Located close to the town hall of the 18th, this lovely little apartment gives privileged access to the lives and businesses of Montmartre and its surroundings ... Renovated : entrance hall, lounge and fitted kitchen hallway, bathroom and small private room (bed:1m20) . A cozy and sober when it feels good mood :) It also has a TV, microwave oven, coffee machine, washing machine, ironing board, internet.
32016	45m2 au 6è étage et à 15' de la Butte Montmartre. Appartement design avec 2 balcons - très calme, tout confort. Idéal pour couple : 1 chambre 	Petit bijou de 45m2 habitables au 6è et dernier étage. Très calme. Grand séjour, cuisine américaine, SDB indépendante, chambre lit 2 personnes style boudoir. Tout confort. 45m2 au 6è étage et à 15' de la Butte Montmartre. Appartement design avec 2 balcons - très calme, tout confort. Idéal pour couple : 1 chambre Accès et usage de l'ensemble de l'appartement. L'appartement est mis à disposition des voyageurs. Possibilité de communiquer par mail ou par téléphone avec la propriétaire. Une personne les accueillera à leur arrivée. D'une part, le quartier Château-Rouge populaire, africain et très typique du 18è arrondissement. D'autre part, le 18è résidentiel avec la Butte Montmartre à 10', le quartier des Abbesses à 10' également.  Puces de Saint-Ouen à 20' en métro ou bus. Ligne 4 du métro station Château-Rouge. Bus 31, 85, 56.  À 30' maximum de Roissy CDG par le métro station Gare du Nord. Le bus 85 et la ligne 4 du métro permettent de rejoindre le centre de Paris en moins de 15'.  3 gare
32017	Special place with terrace inside Paris	Special place with terrace inside Paris All comfort Everyday Most romantic place in Paris Subway 12
32018	"THE APPARTMENT In heart of Montmartre, romantic and historic village of Paris, come to feel at home in this romantic decorated studio full equipped for 2 persons plenty of light as it is situated at the last floor of the building (with lift) + with black curtain if you need a deep sleep . The large balcony offer to you 2 wonderful views. The first: ""Sacré coeur view"" and the second: Paris roof view where you can take a peaceful breakfast while the sun rise on Paris roofs or take a candlelight dinner in front of magic Paris by night view. At your disposal large confortable bed for 2 persons, TV with international channels and  internet access, 2 confordables chairs and large table to take lunch or dinner, shower. The kitchen is full equiped for self-catering (fridge, oven, micro-wave, kittle, coffee machine...) AT YOUR DISPOSAL FOR FREE - Towels & hair dryer  - Bed linen and iron  - Toilet paper and kitchen roll  - Every basics Kitchen utensils to permit to cook (dishes, pans…) + wash l"	"Romantic Studio in heart of Montmartre for 2 persons with balcony giving 2 double views: Sacré Coeur Church & large view on Paris roofs, real bed, big screen TV+international channels, internet, kitchen full equiped, shower/toilet, secure building. THE APPARTMENT In heart of Montmartre, romantic and historic village of Paris, come to feel at home in this romantic decorated studio full equipped for 2 persons plenty of light as it is situated at the last floor of the building (with lift) + with black curtain if you need a deep sleep . The large balcony offer to you 2 wonderful views. The first: ""Sacré coeur view"" and the second: Paris roof view where you can take a peaceful breakfast while the sun rise on Paris roofs or take a candlelight dinner in front of magic Paris by night view. At your disposal large confortable bed for 2 persons, TV with international channels and  internet access, 2 confordables chairs and large table to take lunch or dinner, shower. The kitchen is full equiped f"
32019	more pics coming tomorrow 	Full typical parisian flat (haussman style/ 19th) in the butte Montmatre , trendy area, 1 minute away from the  tube/metro station ! 3 rooms available (double bed each), lots of cool cafes and restaurants near by ! Great location and nice view internet access , wifi , tv , xbox . subway station (metro) : Lamarck  down our street , 1 minute way . second floor but no lift
32020	Pour être situé au rez-de-chaussée avec jardin et terrasse, notre appartement ressemble davantage à une maison.	At a walking distance from Montmartre and Gare du Nord, you will be hosted in a room with terrasse and a very comfortable sofa bed downstairs in our duplex flat with exclusive access to a clean and modern bathroom. Internet, bathroom, Terrasse, Kitchen, Living-room High
32021	Appartement meublé et tout équipé	2 pièces 30m2 charme de l'ancien et refait à neuf dans un immeuble 1930. Traversant sur cours : 1 grande chambre avec lit double et dressing, 1 petit salon, 1 cuisine ouverte toute équipée,  15 mn à pied du Sacré cœur. Bienvenu chez moi ! Appartement meublé et tout équipé Quartier populaire Montmartre / Clignancourt / Jules Joffrin : transports, commerces, restaurants, cafés, marchés Jules Joffrin (ligne 12 ) Marcadet - Poissonniers (lignes 12 & 4 ) Vélib’ Station : 105 rue de Clignancourt Direct Gares du Nord & Montparnasse
32022	Charming 2 rooms,all confort, clear vue on the residential garden very close to gare du Nord and the beautifull Montmartre area for rent per nights or week available in August and Septembre. Perfect for a couple visiting Paris,,, Big kitchen & bath room and very cosy living room	Charming 2 rooms,all confort, clear vue on the residential garden very close to gare du Nord and the beautifull Montmartre area for rent per nights or week available in August and Septembre. Perfect for a couple visiting Paris,,, Big kitchen & bath room and very cosy living room
32023	ABOUT THE FLAT Great, large and stylish appartement , close to transports, bakeries, restaurant and a old nice covered food market.  Montmartre : 15 minutes walking. Musée Picasso and Le Marais : 20 minutes by bus. The appartment has three rooms, furnished with a mix of classy modern furniture and some antics. You will enjoy this cosy and sunny room, large and quiet with a good quality king size sofa bed to have a good rest after visiting Paris.  Breakfast (tea, coffee and jam) is available, you will just have to take the lift down to get some fresh croissants and bread from the bakery ! You will be able to use the kitchen and all the facilities of the flat. Please don't smoke and take good care of things and leave them as you found them.  I live in the flat and will be happy to help you organise your stay. Idéalement situé, vous pourrez facilement accéder à l’ensemble des quartiers de Paris principales attractions, monuments et musées de la capitale. Montmartre est à 15 minutes à pied	Enjoy parisian Life ! Faites escale dans cet appartement contemporain de 75 m2, calme et lumineux, entièrement rénové en 2012. Que vous veniez pour du tourisme ou pour un déplacement professionnel, vous apprécierez de vous y reposer. ABOUT THE FLAT Great, large and stylish appartement , close to transports, bakeries, restaurant and a old nice covered food market.  Montmartre : 15 minutes walking. Musée Picasso and Le Marais : 20 minutes by bus. The appartment has three rooms, furnished with a mix of classy modern furniture and some antics. You will enjoy this cosy and sunny room, large and quiet with a good quality king size sofa bed to have a good rest after visiting Paris.  Breakfast (tea, coffee and jam) is available, you will just have to take the lift down to get some fresh croissants and bread from the bakery ! You will be able to use the kitchen and all the facilities of the flat. Please don't smoke and take good care of things and leave them as you found them.  I live in the fl
32024	A bedroom 2 person real bed. A living room with a comfortable convertible sofa, a folding table and a television with internet. A well equipped kitchen with a microwaves, and a washing machine A nice bathroom with a bathtub	Parisian 2 room flat in a quiet and secured building. Bright flat with a window in each room. Close to the subway station and 2 subway stops from Montmartre and sacré Coeur, and further from Saint Germain and Bon Marché. Plenty of businesses nearby A bedroom 2 person real bed. A living room with a comfortable convertible sofa, a folding table and a television with internet. A well equipped kitchen with a microwaves, and a washing machine A nice bathroom with a bathtub Be respect full with our stuff. I can answer your questions A very cosmopolitan neighbourhood, lively with restaurants, cafés, and shops, and supermarkets. But our building is quiet! Transportation close: Buses and Subway 2minutes on foot.
32025	Une vue panoramique magnifique sur le sacré Coeur et la tour Eiffel 	Un très bel appart dans Paris 19e. Salle principale+cuisine+Salle de bains-WC. Vue panoramique sur Sacré Cœur+Tour Eiffel. Près des Buttes Chaumont+Montmartre. Internet fibre optique+grande TV+Frigo américain+cuisinière. Résidence calme et sécurisée. Une vue panoramique magnifique sur le sacré Coeur et la tour Eiffel  A côté de Montmartre, centre artistique le 104, bassin de la villette, cité des sciences et de l'industrie, buttes Chaumont, etc. Métro, parking disponible 
32026	Just at the foot of Montmartre (10 mn walk up to Sacré Coeur) a nice little flat, fully refurbished and at the heart of a lively quarter of Paris. Tranquillity and calm guarantied ! A lovely 2-room flat near Montmartre in a place where you will be able to experiment the real life in Paris. Fully equipped flat, entirely refurbished in a very design-style. Open modern kitchen, cosy bathroom with shower. Internet access, cable TV. All commodities within a few steps, subway and buses just nearby. A real wonder to discover Paris ! Try it and you won't regret it ! Internet WIFI and TV It is like living in a small village, very quiet and though all commerce and services at hand. Very good public transport (2 subway lines and 2 bus lines) - Subway lines 12 and 4 /Buses lines 31 & 60	At the foot of Montmartre, a nice little flat, entirely refurbished - a real corner of peace in the heart of a lively district of Paris - entirely non smoking and no animal presence for those who are pet allergic (animal hair or saliva).  Just at the foot of Montmartre (10 mn walk up to Sacré Coeur) a nice little flat, fully refurbished and at the heart of a lively quarter of Paris. Tranquillity and calm guarantied ! A lovely 2-room flat near Montmartre in a place where you will be able to experiment the real life in Paris. Fully equipped flat, entirely refurbished in a very design-style. Open modern kitchen, cosy bathroom with shower. Internet access, cable TV. All commodities within a few steps, subway and buses just nearby. A real wonder to discover Paris ! Try it and you won't regret it ! Internet WIFI and TV It is like living in a small village, very quiet and though all commerce and services at hand. Very good public transport (2 subway lines and 2 bus lines) - Subway lines 12 an
32027	Le logement est proche des quartier Pigalle, Abesses et du très connu Sacré Coeur seulement à 15 minutes maximum à pied. Il se situe dans un quartier animé de Paris, le 18ème. C'est un quartier idéal pour sortir et se balader mais aussi très bien desservi par les métro pour bouger dans toute la ville.  Accès métro proches : Métro chateau rouge ou barbes ligne 4 Marcadet ligne 12 A 15 minutes du coeur de Paris en métro (châtelet, rivoli) A 15 minutes des champs élysées Le logement est composé d'un salon et d'un canapé convertible deux places. D'une chambre à coucher avec un lit deux places. Une salle à manger, une cuisine, wc et salle de bain. C'est un logement grand et idéal pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis. 	"Close to Montmartre and Sacré-coeur.  The apartment is for 4 people or 6 max . Large living room with sofa bed, great room, bathroom and separate toilet. Nice and bright appartment.  Metro 4, stop ""chateau rouge"""
32028	This was orginally an old carpentry shop , whose owners have preserved the industrial style , while providing plenty of comfort , charm and warmth. The apartment is located on the ground floor overlooking a flowerd and quiet courtyard. The contemporary styling, designer furniture, mixed materials,  and the beautiful veranda ; make it a very personal and unique place that feels like a private house.  The flat consists of a large open living space, where the kitchen, living room, and veranda merge together. As an integral part of the living room, the kitchen is fully equipped with top line amenities and easy to use appliances.  To the right of the entrance is the children's room. It is furnished with a single bed (an extra mattress is stored underneath the bed), and a desk. The room is bright and airy. It is surrounded by windows, which overlook the living room and courtyard. Blinds and shutters ensure sound sleeping at night.  The master bedroom is at the other end of the apartment. It 	Nice apartment with charming design, comfortable, fully equipped, and in the heart of Montmartre. This was orginally an old carpentry shop , whose owners have preserved the industrial style , while providing plenty of comfort , charm and warmth. The apartment is located on the ground floor overlooking a flowerd and quiet courtyard. The contemporary styling, designer furniture, mixed materials,  and the beautiful veranda ; make it a very personal and unique place that feels like a private house.  The flat consists of a large open living space, where the kitchen, living room, and veranda merge together. As an integral part of the living room, the kitchen is fully equipped with top line amenities and easy to use appliances.  To the right of the entrance is the children's room. It is furnished with a single bed (an extra mattress is stored underneath the bed), and a desk. The room is bright and airy. It is surrounded by windows, which overlook the living room and courtyard. Blinds and shut
32029		Really nice and comfortable appartment, 10 minutes walking from Montmartre and easy accessible by metro. The appartment is well furnished and perfect to stay !  Appartement 40m2 près du quartier de Montmartre et facilement accessible en métro. L'appartement et grand et fonctionnel, parfait point de départ pour découvrir la ville.
32030	The 3rd floor, 32 mq, studio is situated within a charming nineteenth-century apartment block (with elevator) and was redesigned by an architect and entirely refurbished in 2011. Everything is entirely new, including shower, toilet, and appliances such as the oven (converts also into a microwave), fridge etc. Two top quality new sofa beds (2 + 1) are available for sleeping, designed in such a way that they are converted within a second without having to make the bed afresh each time. Additionally, a pouf is available that can fold out to make a temporary bed for an additional visitor. Throughout, the apartment has beautiful high quality brand new parquet flooring. 	This is an exceptionally-well located studio apartment. It is beautifully and stylishly designed and provides an extremely comfortable quiet escape 3 minutes walk from Sacre Coeur. The 3rd floor, 32 mq, studio is situated within a charming nineteenth-century apartment block (with elevator) and was redesigned by an architect and entirely refurbished in 2011. Everything is entirely new, including shower, toilet, and appliances such as the oven (converts also into a microwave), fridge etc. Two top quality new sofa beds (2 + 1) are available for sleeping, designed in such a way that they are converted within a second without having to make the bed afresh each time. Additionally, a pouf is available that can fold out to make a temporary bed for an additional visitor. Throughout, the apartment has beautiful high quality brand new parquet flooring.  Electric heating is available. Three windows leave the studio looking very modern and bright. Ideal for a professional single person or couple. A
32031	Très belle hauteur sous plafond. Plusieurs velux qui rendent l'appartement très lumineux en tout temps. Cuisine refaite à neuf il y a quelques mois, avec lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, plaques induction et divers appareils électroménagers. Salle de bains avec baignoire et lave linge/sèche linge. Toilettes séparés. Canapé lit dans le salon très confortable pouvant accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes supplémentaires. Chambre enfant : lit bébé (+ possibilité lit parapluie) et lit intermédiaire. Chambre parents : en mezzanine. Deux grands dégagements. Non fumeur.	Situé à 3 minutes du métro Marcadet poissoniers (l. 4 et 12), non loin du Sacré Coeur. Environ 70 m2 composé de 2 chambres dont une pour enfants et grande pièce à vivre. Tout confort. 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenceur. Calme assuré. Très belle hauteur sous plafond. Plusieurs velux qui rendent l'appartement très lumineux en tout temps. Cuisine refaite à neuf il y a quelques mois, avec lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, plaques induction et divers appareils électroménagers. Salle de bains avec baignoire et lave linge/sèche linge. Toilettes séparés. Canapé lit dans le salon très confortable pouvant accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes supplémentaires. Chambre enfant : lit bébé (+ possibilité lit parapluie) et lit intermédiaire. Chambre parents : en mezzanine. Deux grands dégagements. Non fumeur. Quartier cosmopolite à une encablure du bas Montmartre non loin de la mairie du XVIII, de Lamarck Caulaincourt et de la très banchée rue Ramey et bien sûr le Sacré Coeur n'est qu'à quelques minutes à pi
32032	Apartment for 4 people 10 minutes from the sacred heart . Composed of a living room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen. You will be charmed by this haven of peace, soft decoration, sober and air. Calm and comfort guaran	Apartment for 4 people 10 minutes from the sacred heart and 1 min from metro Lamarck. Composed of a living room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen. You will be charmed by this haven of peace, soft decoration, sober and air. Calm and comfort guaran Apartment for 4 people 10 minutes from the sacred heart . Composed of a living room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen. You will be charmed by this haven of peace, soft decoration, sober and air. Calm and comfort guaran 1 minute of the metro Lamarck. mail, phone, whats'app Montmartre area
32033	Paris 18e arrondissement: métro Simplon ou Jules Joffrin (5 minutes à pied de Montmartre).  Je mets à disposition des locataires tous les conforts avec lesquels j’accompagne mon quotidien (sèche-cheveux, internet, cafetière, bouilloire, bouquins etc.) Draps et serviettes fournis lors de l’entrée dans l’appartement. L’appartement a une surface de 35m2 divisée en trois pièces très lumineuses : une cuisine complètement équipée, un joli salon et une chambre à coucher/bureau plus les toilettes. Comme vous pouvez l’apprécier des photos, il a été récemment restructuré. L’appartement est idéal pour un couple (lit à 2 places) même avec des enfants (canapé lit très confortable) et il est proche de tout ce qu'il faut pour un séjour très agréable dans une ville comme Paris : métro juste en bas, supermarché, marché, petits magasins, bars et restos ! N’hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute question supplémentaire. Je pourrais vous renseigner sur les bonnes adresses du quartier ! Irene	A room for two people in a beautiful apartment with living room, kitchen and bathroom. See the pictures! 6th floor with elevator 5 minutes walking from Montmartre All kind of shops, bars and restaurants, supermarket and markets in the neighborhood!
32034	My apartment (65 m2) renovated in August 2013, is both cosy and design. It's very confortable for two persons with one bedroom and a very large livingroom where one person more can sleep on the big sofa. The kitchen is beautiful and convenient and the bathroom is really nice like in Bali! The apartment is fully equipped. You have access to all kitchen equipment, wifi, cable TV with over 100 channels including channels of foreign info, music (you can plug your iphone to listen your music), Nespresso machine. If you need something particular, don't hesitate to ask me.	The apartment is located at the foot of Montmartre in a cosmopolitan area, working-class district, lively and close to Sacred Coeur. You will stay in an apartment of 65 m2 with a typically Haussmanian style, fully renovated, cozy and designed. My apartment (65 m2) renovated in August 2013, is both cosy and design. It's very confortable for two persons with one bedroom and a very large livingroom where one person more can sleep on the big sofa. The kitchen is beautiful and convenient and the bathroom is really nice like in Bali! The apartment is fully equipped. You have access to all kitchen equipment, wifi, cable TV with over 100 channels including channels of foreign info, music (you can plug your iphone to listen your music), Nespresso machine. If you need something particular, don't hesitate to ask me. Just in front of the suway station, it's very easy to acceed to my building. My appartment is on the fourth floor without lift! Yes i kow, but it is Paris and i can help you!!. There 
32035	We have a room to rent in a flat just next to Sacré Coeur (2 mn by walk). 	"We have a room to rent in a 3 room flat just next to Sacré Coeur (2 mn by walk). It's just in between the tourist corner of Montmartre and the popular quarter of chateau rouge. There is a lot of cheap and funny bars and restaurant around. We have a room to rent in a flat just next to Sacré Coeur (2 mn by walk).  You'll have access to the kitchen, the bathroom and the toilets all shared with the two flatmates. It's just in between the tourist corner of Montmartre and the popular quarter of chateau rouge. There is a lot of cheap and funny restaurant and bars around. It's 2 min by walk of the ""Chateau rouge"" station on Line 4."
32036	☺ Calme, lumineux Poutres apparentes, Parquet, Cheminée Dans un magnifique hôtel particulier de Montmartre avec jolie cour fleurie ☺ Vraie chambre en mezzanine (lit 2 places)  + Canapé convertible (lit 2 places supplémentaire) dans le séjour, idéal pour une semaine en famille par exemple ☺ Bien équipé :  - Internet, Tv - Lave linge séchant - Cafetière, Bouilloire, Toaster, Mini four, Cuisine complète - Fer + Table à repasser - Douche - Serviettes / Draps - Boîte à outils / Plan de Paris - Rangements                         — --- — ---— --- — ---— --- — ---— --- — --- ☺ Quiet, bright Exposed beams, Parquet, Fireplace In a beautiful mansion of Montmartre with pretty floral courtyard ☺ True bedroom upstairs (bed 2 places)  + Sofabed (extra bed 2 places) in the stay, ideal for a week with family for example ☺ Well equipped: - Internet, TV - Washing machine with dryer - Coffee maker, Electric kettle, Toaster, Mini oven, Full Kitchen - Iron + ironing board - Shower - Towels / Linen - Toolbox	Charmant studio à Montmartre avec vraie chambre en mezzanine Bien équipé, calme, spacieux et très clair Idéalement placé (quartier Abbesses, haut lieu parisien) Transports, Commerces, Bars, Restaurants, Spectacles Parfait pour 2 / Possible pour 4 ☺ Calme, lumineux Poutres apparentes, Parquet, Cheminée Dans un magnifique hôtel particulier de Montmartre avec jolie cour fleurie ☺ Vraie chambre en mezzanine (lit 2 places)  + Canapé convertible (lit 2 places supplémentaire) dans le séjour, idéal pour une semaine en famille par exemple ☺ Bien équipé :  - Internet, Tv - Lave linge séchant - Cafetière, Bouilloire, Toaster, Mini four, Cuisine complète - Fer + Table à repasser - Douche - Serviettes / Draps - Boîte à outils / Plan de Paris - Rangements                         — --- — ---— --- — ---— --- — ---— --- — --- ☺ Quiet, bright Exposed beams, Parquet, Fireplace In a beautiful mansion of Montmartre with pretty floral courtyard ☺ True bedroom upstairs (bed 2 places)  + Sofabed (extra bed 2 
32037		Magnificent apartment in Montmartre, very close to the sacred heart. I rent(praise) a magnificent deserving room(chamber) most large(upper-class) hotels, with integrated(joined) bathroom, flat big screen, and numerous arrangements. Other rooms(parts
32038	Appartement de 33m2, deux pièces: Un salon avec futon deux places à déplier, fauteuil, table basse, cheminée, parquet, miroir. Cuisine américaine toute équipée, lave linge. Accès internet Free Wifi (codes fournis) Une salle de douche avec lavabo et toilettes. Une chambre enfant avec lit gigogne (deux places), cheminée.	Appartement fonctionnel et plein de charme, donnant sur une jolie cour pavée. Très calme. Appartement de 33m2, deux pièces: Un salon avec futon deux places à déplier, fauteuil, table basse, cheminée, parquet, miroir. Cuisine américaine toute équipée, lave linge. Accès internet Free Wifi (codes fournis) Une salle de douche avec lavabo et toilettes. Une chambre enfant avec lit gigogne (deux places), cheminée. Accès machine à laver, internet. Je serai absente, les voyageurs auront le loisir de se sentir ici chez eux. Le charme, les rue pavées autour de l église, le square ou enfants et grands parents se croisent, la vivacité du quartier, le mélange des cultures. Metro Barbès Rochechouart, Château Rouge ou La Chapelle. Proche Gare du Nord.
32039	This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most livable areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre, right in the Abbesses trendy district, half way between the “Moulin Rouge” and the “Sacré Coeur” Basilica. Appreciate the feeling of being home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this smartly renovated 1 bedroom apartment. This recently renovated apartment is located on the ground floor of a Parisian classic stone building and features a fully equipped kitchen (microwave oven, induction hob, coffee machine ...), a meal corner, a super comfortable brand new bed (140 x 200) with an extra quality mattress and a modern bathroom with a large shower.	 The apartment has just been renovated so you can comfortably enjoy the feeling of being at home in Paris.  See you! This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most livable areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre, right in the Abbesses trendy district, half way between the “Moulin Rouge” and the “Sacré Coeur” Basilica. Appreciate the feeling of being home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this smartly renovated 1 bedroom apartment. This recently renovated apartment is located on the ground floor of a Parisian classic stone building and features a fully equipped kitchen (microwave oven, induction hob, coffee machine ...), a meal corner, a super comfortable brand new bed (140 x 200) with an extra quality mattress and a modern bathroom with a large shower. Broadband WiFi Internet. Cable TV. Sheets and towels are provided. Food staples are provided (oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, pepper,…) Don’t hesitate to contact me prior and during your stay; I’m always 
32040		Appartement charmant de deux pièces,  cuisine US, grande salle de bain situé à 2 pas du métro et 10 min à pied de Montmartre ! 1 grand lit et 1 canapé lit pour 4 personnes maximum. Métrop Porte de Saint Ouen ligne 13
32041	Le logement est bien équipé (cuisine, couchage, audiovisuel...), très calme, et confortable! Il y a une chambre en souplex et un canapé convertible dans le salon. The flat is well fitted (kitchen, bedroom, projector...), very quiet and comfortable! There is one bedroom downstair and a sofa bed in the main room. 	Le logement est bien équipé (cuisine, couchage, audiovisuel...), très calme, et confortable! Il y a une chambre en souplex et un canapé convertible dans le salon. The flat is well fitted (kitchen, bedroom, projector...), very quiet and comfortable! There is one bedroom downstair and a sofa bed in the main room. Accès internet, repos, soirées films (videoprojecteur) ... Nous fournissons les draps, les serviettes, les produits de cuisine de base...  Vous serez les seuls à vivre dans l'appartement pendant votre location. Aller se prendre un café, visiter les sites de Paris etc. Share a coffee, visit the city together, talks etc. Quartier vivant et commerçant, près des halles de Montmartre et à 10 mn à pied de la butte. Le quartier en lui même est très sympathique et est desservi par la 4 et la 12, deux lignes de métro qui traversent Paris! It is a really nice place, with a lot of shops around, 10mn walking to Montmartre and Sacre coeur. There is two lines of subway, the 12 and the 4, wich
32042	Appartement de 70 m2 qui donne sur une cour très calme. Une table et des chaises à l'extérieur pour prendre son café le matin.	Appartement de 70 m2 qui donne sur une cour très calme. Une table et des chaises à l'extérieur pour prendre son café le matin.  Un piano. Un vélo pour aller très vite dans tout Paris. Une salle de bain très fonctionnelle avec grande douche. Un dressing aménagé. On peut cuisiner, laver son linge. Femme de ménage venant une fois par semaine. Le quartier est mixte et populaire, très vivant, beaucoup de magasins de bouche variés et un marché couvert très agréable (ouvert tous les jours). Des restaurants du monde entier. Un jardin public à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Le pied de la butte Montmartre en 15 minutes à pied.  L'appartement est à 10 minutes de la gare du Nord (bus) et à deux minutes de la station de métro la plus proche.
32043	Nouveauté! Appartement entièrement rénové dans un style loft avec vue sur le Sacre Cœur, au pied de la Butte de Montmartre. Situé dans les beaux quartiers de Montmartre, du côté sécurisé, emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris. Dans un bel immeuble hausmannien, l'appartement est compose de 2 pièces avec 1 chambre, salle de bain, cuisine américaine, séjour. Au 7eme étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 6eme. L'appartement est très lumineux, sans aucun vis a vis, traversant, bénéficiant d'une vue dégagée sur Paris et un côté du Sacre Cœur.  Le metro le plus proche est Lamarck-Caulincourt (ligne 12) et se trouve à seulement 400 mètres. Aux pieds de l'immeuble se trouvent de nombreux cafés et restaurants, boulangeries et boucheries a proximite, ainsi que les supérettes. Les escaliers de la butte de Montmartre sont a seulement 20m! L'appartement a été entièrement refait avec goût. Il est tout équipé (cuisine avec four traditionnel, four micro o des, lave vaisselle, salle de bain avec baignoire et lav	Vivez comme de vrais Parisiens pour quelques jours, semaines. Vous admirerez la vue sur Paris et un bout du Sacré Cœur, dans un appartement entièrement refait à neuf avec goût, baigné de lumière, tout confort. Idéal séjour touristique/professionnel! Nouveauté! Appartement entièrement rénové dans un style loft avec vue sur le Sacre Cœur, au pied de la Butte de Montmartre. Situé dans les beaux quartiers de Montmartre, du côté sécurisé, emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris. Dans un bel immeuble hausmannien, l'appartement est compose de 2 pièces avec 1 chambre, salle de bain, cuisine américaine, séjour. Au 7eme étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 6eme. L'appartement est très lumineux, sans aucun vis a vis, traversant, bénéficiant d'une vue dégagée sur Paris et un côté du Sacre Cœur.  Le metro le plus proche est Lamarck-Caulincourt (ligne 12) et se trouve à seulement 400 mètres. Aux pieds de l'immeuble se trouvent de nombreux cafés et restaurants, boulangeries et boucheries a proximite, ainsi que
32044		Charmant studio de 20m2 dans une des rues les plus célèbres de Montmartre, rue où a vécu Dalida, Picasso, Braque, Gris, Branc y ont travaillé. Vous serez comme a la maison dans ce studio, très bien équipé, proche de commerces et transport public.
32045		"Hello Very confortable appartement very close to the famous "" marché aux puces "" less than 2 min by walk. I can propose advice and good plan for my guest ( I worked few years ago in tourism sector) See you soon :)"
32046	It is a 40 sq meter apartment full equiped at the 7th floor.  It has a terrace of 20 sq. meters facing the Sacre Coeur and oriented south and a view on Parisian roofs.	This beautifull full equiped apartment is located next to montmartre and has an amazing 20 sqm terrace facing the Sacre coeur and it is oriented to south (sun all day). It is a 40 sq meter apartment full equiped at the 7th floor.  It has a terrace of 20 sq. meters facing the Sacre Coeur and oriented south and a view on Parisian roofs. There is main door,  interphone and a second glass door  a lift  and Parking = at  - 2  within the same building It is located at 5 minutes walking from the well known Sacre coeur and a few bus stops going to Pigalle , Louvre,  Gare de l'Est,  to  Arc de Triomphe You are 2 minutes from the subway.  Marcadet Poissoniers : line 4 and 12 Chateau Rouge : line 4 Bus nr 31 from  gare de Est and passing through  gare du Nord then it takes you to Champs Elysees Arc de Triomphe one block away From there, you can get all over Paris within 20 minutes !
32047	The studio is entirely renovated and contains all necessary elements to pass an agreeable stay in the heart of Paris! • individual and very classy bathroom • big dressing & cupboard • complete kitchenette with electric stove, hood, fridge and cupboards • double (trundle) bed with three storage drawers  • Plaible table (from two sides) with 8 drawers • Pliable desk and its chair • Plates, glasses and flatware	This studio is situated in 18th area of Paris, in Mont-Martre neighborhood.    The studio is entirely renovated. It has an individual and very modern bathroom; The studio is entirely renovated and contains all necessary elements to pass an agreeable stay in the heart of Paris! • individual and very classy bathroom • big dressing & cupboard • complete kitchenette with electric stove, hood, fridge and cupboards • double (trundle) bed with three storage drawers  • Plaible table (from two sides) with 8 drawers • Pliable desk and its chair • Plates, glasses and flatware I am flexible for your arrival time, but i need to have a timing to count on, and i'll be waiting for you inside of the flat. Once you arrive i'll welcome you with a great pleasure, will show you the flat, give you some tips and leave you the keys. We will then decide together how to organize your departure. Right beside of a métro station.
32048	Logement agréable et facile d'accès que ce soit en voiture ou en métro.  Quartier calme et vivant. A 2 pas du sacré coeur	Bel appartement ancien au 3ème étage d'un immeuble rénové dans un quartier où il fait bon vivre  50m2  grand salon avec cuisine 2 chambres en enfilade grande salle de bain avec toilettes. Logement agréable et facile d'accès que ce soit en voiture ou en métro.  Quartier calme et vivant. A 2 pas du sacré coeur Metro 4: Marcadet Poissoniers (300 mètres), Metro 12: Jules Joffrin (20 mètres)
32049		Studio clair et charmant situé à la mairie du 18 ème, à deux pas de Montmartre, dans un quartier vivant avec de nombreux bars, terrasses de café et restaurants. Un lit 2  personnes et un canapé-lit, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur donnant sur rue.
32050	Vue dégagé, pas de vis-à-vis, parquet ancien mais confort moderne!	Vue dégagé, pas de vis-à-vis, parquet ancien mais confort moderne! Au pied du métro
32051	This is a typical parisian Haussmann period ( end of19th century) apartment with  balcony all around . It offers a wide Living / dining room plus 2 rooms ( 1st with king size bed, 2nd with 2 X90cm beds). A bathroom with shower, a kitchen with everything you need to make French cuisine at home. 	Idealy located at the north side of Montmartre's hill  this old quiet and sunny parisian apartment (mouldings & balconies) nicely furnished, 5th floor (elevator),  well equiped, Wifi, fiber internet satellite, many  shops & all facilities in a 50m area. Family friendly,  4 people Max. This is a typical parisian Haussmann period ( end of19th century) apartment with  balcony all around . It offers a wide Living / dining room plus 2 rooms ( 1st with king size bed, 2nd with 2 X90cm beds). A bathroom with shower, a kitchen with everything you need to make French cuisine at home.  You will find numerous books (some in english or german) and cds, even few dvds for children , please have a look at them ! Wifi, Fiber and satelitte Tv are at your disposal. A dishwasher and a washing machine can help you if you stay for a while. You can find everything you need within a 5 mn walk area : A 6/7 days marché for fresh food, supermarkets open until 10 everyday , late night shops untill 2 o'clock. A la
32052	The APARTEMENT Eight years ago I fell in love with this charming and very sunny 50 square meter, one bedroom duplex with a 360° view of Paris: The Eiffel tower of course but also, the George Pompidou Center, Notre Dame, the Garnier Opera and much more… This apartment is ideal for a couple. The bedroom has a Double bed (140mx 190 m), on the courtyard side thus very calm although in an animated area. It has walk-on balcony. The bedroom has a small television. The under the roof living area, has an open kitchen onto a dining and living area. It faces South and West and is bathed with sun all day long. At night, you will be the first to see the Eiffel Tower light up and if you are in Paris on special events like the Bastille Day (14th of July) you can see the fireworks while sitting in the living room.  The Living room has a flat screen television, DVD player, radio and CD   player. The apartment has WIFI, numerous art books as well as books on Paris, its museums and of course the Montmart	My cosy Duplex is located just in front of the Funiculaire of Montmartre, a few steps from the Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur. It is on the last floor (with elevator) of a typical Parisian building,  with an exceptional view of all Paris !  The APARTEMENT Eight years ago I fell in love with this charming and very sunny 50 square meter, one bedroom duplex with a 360° view of Paris: The Eiffel tower of course but also, the George Pompidou Center, Notre Dame, the Garnier Opera and much more… This apartment is ideal for a couple. The bedroom has a Double bed (140mx 190 m), on the courtyard side thus very calm although in an animated area. It has walk-on balcony. The bedroom has a small television. The under the roof living area, has an open kitchen onto a dining and living area. It faces South and West and is bathed with sun all day long. At night, you will be the first to see the Eiffel Tower light up and if you are in Paris on special events like the Bastille Day (14th of July) you 
32053	It is an apartment of 28 m2 very clear with an exceptional view without vis-à-vis a large park and the rooftops of Paris. Renovated with taste, this apartment has a romantic and sober atmosphere is ideal for staying in Paris for 4 people. It is 2 minutes from Lamarck, just behind Montmartre. It is located on the 3rd floor with a lift in a well maintained building.	Apartment completely renovated typical Parisian. It is an apartment of 28 m2 very clear with an exceptional view on a large park and the rooftops of Paris. Apartment completely renovated typical Parisian: real oak flooring, moldings, separate bedroom It is an apartment of 28 m2 very clear with an exceptional view without vis-à-vis a large park and the rooftops of Paris. Renovated with taste, this apartment has a romantic and sober atmosphere is ideal for staying in Paris for 4 people. It is 2 minutes from Lamarck, just behind Montmartre. It is located on the 3rd floor with a lift in a well maintained building. line of métro 12 - Lamrack mail, tél, airbnb website Lively neighborhood: right next to the apartment you will find many bars and restaurants. Small shops also. Plus, the apartment is 1 minute from a very large and beautiful park ideal for children. 
32054	The duplex is located at the back of a calm building’s courtyard, with no sound from the street. There are no neighbors above , quiet nights in Paris are a luxury! The downstairs neighbor is a physiotherapist who closes at 8 pm . The two bedrooms are upstairs under the zinc roof and can have it’s own private toilets for the nights because there are two bathrooms! The first floor bathroom has a great sink and toilets, and the second floor bathroom has a shower, a little sink and toilets. The beds are very comfortable and suits to adults as to kids. The kitchen is charming, luminous and convenient, ready to see your cook talents! The living room is very bright and creepers make it even more enjoyable to relax after a long day in the crazy life of Paris.	This duplex is perfect : it’s 50 meters from Place des Abbesses and the subway, in a calm street in the heart of the vibrant district of Montmartre. The beautiful stairway leads to the bedrooms beneath parisian zinc roof. A real house in courtyard ! The duplex is located at the back of a calm building’s courtyard, with no sound from the street. There are no neighbors above , quiet nights in Paris are a luxury! The downstairs neighbor is a physiotherapist who closes at 8 pm . The two bedrooms are upstairs under the zinc roof and can have it’s own private toilets for the nights because there are two bathrooms! The first floor bathroom has a great sink and toilets, and the second floor bathroom has a shower, a little sink and toilets. The beds are very comfortable and suits to adults as to kids. The kitchen is charming, luminous and convenient, ready to see your cook talents! The living room is very bright and creepers make it even more enjoyable to relax after a long day in the crazy lif
32055	Charmant appartement de 25m2 au coeur du 18e, au pied du métro Simplon (ligne 4) et à 5 minutes à pied de la station Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). Au 6ème étage, profitez d'un appartement lumineux et confortable.	Charmant 2 pièces lumineux, vous disposez d'une cuisine, d'une sdb et d'une belle pièce à vivre. Mon quartier est très vivant: vous êtes à 10min à pied de Montmartre et à 20min de Pigalle. Au pied de mon immeuble, vous avez la ligne 4 du métro. Charmant appartement de 25m2 au coeur du 18e, au pied du métro Simplon (ligne 4) et à 5 minutes à pied de la station Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). Au 6ème étage, profitez d'un appartement lumineux et confortable. Chambre avec table dépliante, cuisine équipée (four/micro-onde, machine à laver), salle de bain (wc/douche). Quartier populaire de Paris, le 18ème est riche par son éclectisme! Ma rue est animée et offre un marché tous les mardi/vendredi/ et dimanche (maraicher devant la porte de mon immeuble). A 5minutes à pied profitez d'une ambiance plus calme et conviviale, ainsi que de ses nombreux restaurants, autour du métro Jules Joffrin. Plus haut, vous arriverez à Montmartre, parfait pour les balades parisiennes! Pour les noctambules, vous pourrez
32056	My large 2 room apartment (650 sq ft or 60 sq meters) is very spacious and bright. It's ideal for solo travelers or a couple. It's possible to sleep more people if you want, because I have two single mattresses in the living room, but please be aware that only access to the bathroom and toilet is through the bedroom. Therefore it's also suitable for a family with children, but probably not very practical if you're traveling as 2 couples. The kitchen is fully equipped with necessary appliances: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, cookstove, fridge, freezer, microwave, toaster...	Spacious and bright apartment in an elegant Haussmannien-style building. 6th floor (with elevator) it has large windows with an open view and a balcony on 2 sides! Near Montmartre and Gare du Nord, you'll discover a dynamic Parisian neighborhood! My large 2 room apartment (650 sq ft or 60 sq meters) is very spacious and bright. It's ideal for solo travelers or a couple. It's possible to sleep more people if you want, because I have two single mattresses in the living room, but please be aware that only access to the bathroom and toilet is through the bedroom. Therefore it's also suitable for a family with children, but probably not very practical if you're traveling as 2 couples. The kitchen is fully equipped with necessary appliances: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, cookstove, fridge, freezer, microwave, toaster... You'll have access to the entire apartment (except a closet with my personal belongings). Please don't hesitate to ask me for help organizing your trip beforehand. It's 
32057	"I'm renting cosy and sunny 27 m2 "" open space"" appartment, the ideal place to come rest after a long day of visits.   It is located in a quite building, with a view on the courtyard. There's a bed for two, but there is enough place to put a second little bed. "	"I'm renting my sunny 27 m2 appartment, 5 minutes away of of Montmartre's hillock,  2 minutes away of the nearest metro, and 1 minute away of many cool  bars! I'm renting cosy and sunny 27 m2 "" open space"" appartment, the ideal place to come rest after a long day of visits.   It is located in a quite building, with a view on the courtyard. There's a bed for two, but there is enough place to put a second little bed. The kitcken is fully equipped, so you can cook every day! There are many storages furnitures too keep your things, and make your stay really confortable.  Towels and sheets will be given, of course.  As I am often traveling, I'll do my best to interact with my guest, but won't be always there! I speak spanish, german, english and french, so if you have any questions please don't hesitate.  5 minutes away of of Montmartre's hillock,  2 minutes away of the nearest metro, and 1 minute away of many supermarkets and bars... There is everything you need just next by! "
32058	Welcome in my cosy apartment. The apartment is oriented to the backyard so is really quiet and you can sleep well.  I propose you a very original King size Bed.  All comfort is included : Fully equiped kitchen (with washdishes, oven, fridge...), bathroom with shower,  clothes dryer, hairdryer. Linen provided. Internet and tv.	I propose to welcome you to my lovely 34m2 apartment. Located near two major subway lines and a bus service, the apartment is very easily accessible. With public transportation located right next to the apartment you can easily visit Paris and major must-see tourist sites. The apartment has a sleeping area with a suspended bed, king size, for 2 people, a living room and a dining area . There is also a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, oven, microwave, freezer, coffee machine) and a bathroom. Welcome in my cosy apartment. The apartment is oriented to the backyard so is really quiet and you can sleep well.  I propose you a very original King size Bed.  All comfort is included : Fully equiped kitchen (with washdishes, oven, fridge...), bathroom with shower,  clothes dryer, hairdryer. Linen provided. Internet and tv. With the metro line 4, direct Journey :  10 minutes from Gare du Nord  15 minutes from chatelet Les Halles  20 minutes from Saint-Michel I welcome you in person and with g
32059	it's a 3 rooms apartment, but the baby's room is forbidden. the apartment is charming with a real confort and cleanness. the bathroom has a walk-in shower, washbasin with mirror and washing-machine/tumble drier The kitchen is full equipped and there is a dishwasher.	"A lovely typical ""Parisian"" flat, in a typical ""Parisian"" Area: Le Sacré-Coeur Completely renovated and equipped : - A bedroom with double bed - Living room  - Kitchen (full equipped) - Bathroom  2min walk from subway, 15min from central Paris. it's a 3 rooms apartment, but the baby's room is forbidden. the apartment is charming with a real confort and cleanness. the bathroom has a walk-in shower, washbasin with mirror and washing-machine/tumble drier The kitchen is full equipped and there is a dishwasher. Free wifi Tv cable Grate location: markets, restaurant, pub, shopping... Subway:  - L4 station ""Simplon""   - L12 station ""Jules-Joffrin"" Bus:  n°31 n°60 n°80 n°85 bus stop: ""Mairie du 18° - Jules-Joffrin"""
32060		Petit studio typiquement parisien sous les toits de Paris agréable et lumineux. Le quartier est vivant et les commerces sont nombreux et à proximité. Montmartre facile d'accès à pieds ou en bus, bien relié au centre de Paris par les bus et métros.
32061	10mn walk from montmartre, lots of light, wooden floor. It is a real studio where I work and sometimes sleep. It is not a hotel, thank you for being here as my guest, and leaving the place juste as you find it.	25m² 2 rooms artist studio. Accomodation for 1 or 2 persons babies possible.   Real artist studio, perfect for students in visit in Paris. Kitchen, washroom, living room and bedroom/office.  1 foldable bed 120cm designed by Matali Crasset. Internet. 10mn walk from montmartre, lots of light, wooden floor. It is a real studio where I work and sometimes sleep. It is not a hotel, thank you for being here as my guest, and leaving the place juste as you find it. Internet, kitchen, bathroom, privat toilet, breakfast, computer, etc. This is my studio, I am happy lo let people in it when I am not there. I am not enting to make money, but in order not to leave the appartment empty.  I live ten minutes from the appartment, and can come if needed. Near La chapelle/ Marx Dormoy, 10mn walk from Montmartre.  Lots of very good (vegeterian in particular) indian Restaurants, like Krishna Bavhan, rue Cail, neaby.  La halle pajol, just in front offers trendy bars and shop brand new.  There is a supermarke
32062	"Très jolie appartement de 45 m2 dans le quartier de Montmartre, comprenant une chambre avec lit 2 places, une salle de bain avec toilette et une grande pièce a vivre ouverte comprenant l'entrée, le salon et la cuisine. L'appartement est très lumineux la pièce à vivre, contient 4 grandes fenêtres avec une petite vue sur le toit du Sacrée Cœur. L appartement est au 4 eme etage sans ascenseur ! ☺.. La cuisine et complètement équipée (micro-ondes, grille pain, four, plaque, bouilloire, machine a café ""Senseo"", réfrigérateur...)  Le salon est très cosy avec un canapé non convertible qui peut servir de 3ème couchage.      . Chambre confortable avec grand lit de place et salle de bain avec douche, toilette et lavabo."	"Appartement très cosy de 2 pièces dans le quartier de Montmartre... Très jolie appartement de 45 m2 dans le quartier de Montmartre, comprenant une chambre avec lit 2 places, une salle de bain avec toilette et une grande pièce a vivre ouverte comprenant l'entrée, le salon et la cuisine. L'appartement est très lumineux la pièce à vivre, contient 4 grandes fenêtres avec une petite vue sur le toit du Sacrée Cœur. L appartement est au 4 eme etage sans ascenseur ! ☺.. La cuisine et complètement équipée (micro-ondes, grille pain, four, plaque, bouilloire, machine a café ""Senseo"", réfrigérateur...)  Le salon est très cosy avec un canapé non convertible qui peut servir de 3ème couchage.      . Chambre confortable avec grand lit de place et salle de bain avec douche, toilette et lavabo. Bus 80, 85 et ""Montmartrobus"" a 2 min a pied de l'appartement. Metro L.4 à 5 min a pied station ""Chateau rouge"". Metro L.12 à 10 min à pied station ""Jules Joffrin"". Appartement au 4eme étage sans ascenseur. Je se"
32063	appartement lumineux dans un immeuble calme	2 pièces 42m2 au 1er étage, salon (canapé d'angle convertible, tv, table basse, wifi), cuisine (frigo, lave linge,plaques induction, micro onde, four, bouilloire), chambre (lit double, penderie), salle de bain (baignoire), wc séparé. Draps fournis. appartement lumineux dans un immeuble calme vous aurez accès au logement entier nous serons joignable a tout moment quartier animé mais sur proche ligne 4 et 12 (7min a pied)
32064		Belle chambre disponible pouvant accueillir 1 à 2 personnes dans un appartement lumineux (d'environ 60 m²) idéalement situé entre Montmartre et le marché aux puces de St Ouen. Ligne 4 (Porte de Clignancourt) au pied de l'appartement Ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin) à 5 minutes à pied Nombreuses lignes de bus Station velib au pied de l'appartement
32065	L'appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussé d'un immeuble de 6 étages calme accessible par Vigik et digicode.  La porte de l’appartement en chêne est coupe-feu et renforcée avec serrure 3 points. L'appartement se compose d’un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes ainsi que d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un bureau. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 80 cm, d'une table à manger avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four micro-ondes/grill, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, tous les ustensiles nécessaires, de la vaisselle, un aspirateur balai, un réfrigérateur et un lave-linge. Vous trouverez un radiateur et une fenêtre double vitrage dans chaque pièce ainsi qu'un sèche-serviette dans la salle de bains. 	Appartement entier 2 pièces de 25m² au rez-de-chaussée meublé et équipé, refait à neuf. Situé en impasse calme. A 5 minutes de Montmartre, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Facilement accessible aux personnes avec bagages et à mobilité réduite. L'appartement est situé au rez-de-chaussé d'un immeuble de 6 étages calme accessible par Vigik et digicode.  La porte de l’appartement en chêne est coupe-feu et renforcée avec serrure 3 points. L'appartement se compose d’un salon avec un canapé-lit 2 places et d'une cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes ainsi que d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un bureau. Entièrement équipé, il dispose d'une télévision à écran LED de 80 cm, d'une table à manger avec chaises, de rangements et dressing, d'un sèche-cheveux ainsi que d'un fer et d'une table à repasser.  La cuisine comporte des plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four micro-ondes/grill, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, tous les ustensiles nécessaires, de la vaisse
32066	You will be staying in the apartment I also live in (we will be cohabiting in a totally independent manner, both at the opposite of the apartment, with autonomous sanitary amenities). This flat, of about 100 m², was professionally decorated in a very elegant and typical Parisian manner with furniture and items of family, or clouded in brocante and antique. The global design is modernized by a few more contemporary touches. It used to be 2 apartments, now linked by the living room. The 2 separate entrances have been kept. One of them gives access to a corridor that serve the 2 bedrooms for rent (which can be booked together or separately), a dressing room (which also isolates perfectly well the 2 bedrooms), a shower room and separate toilets which are shared by the 2 bedrooms. The part I live in is at the other side of the flat and runs independently.  The whole apartment looks onto the courtyard. So it’s very calm. It is located on the 4th floor, without elevator.	"In an authentic XIXth century Parisian ""carved stone"" building, flat with a stylish and typical ancient French decoration style, many beautiful antiques. Located in the called “Little Africa” of Paris, in its gentrification turn, and right down Montmartre (7 min from the Sacré Coeur cathedral) Entirely renovated 2 years ago, modern equipments. Very well connected with public transportation (10 min walk from Gare du Nord) You will be staying in the apartment I also live in (we will be cohabiting in a totally independent manner, both at the opposite of the apartment, with autonomous sanitary amenities). This flat, of about 100 m², was professionally decorated in a very elegant and typical Parisian manner with furniture and items of family, or clouded in brocante and antique. The global design is modernized by a few more contemporary touches. It used to be 2 apartments, now linked by the living room. The 2 separate entrances have been kept. One of them gives access to a corridor that serv"
32067	Charmant 2 pièces lumineux. Une chambre et une salle principale avec canapé, bureau et table à manger. Cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-onde, 2 plaques de cuisson...). L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage. Trois grandes fenêtres le rendent lumineux. Double vitrage.	Charmant 2 pièces lumineux et tout confort, situé au 4ème étage dans un immeuble calme. Une chambre et une salle principale avec canapé, bureau et table à manger. Cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-onde, 2 plaques de cuisson). Idéal pour un couple. Charmant 2 pièces lumineux. Une chambre et une salle principale avec canapé, bureau et table à manger. Cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-onde, 2 plaques de cuisson...). L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage. Trois grandes fenêtres le rendent lumineux. Double vitrage. Vous aurez accès au logement complet, constitué de deux pièces (chambre et salon/cuisine) et d'une salle de bain. Ce logement étant notre lieu de vie, nous demandons bien entendu à nos hôtes d'être respectueux du matériel et de la décoration. Nous restons à votre disponibilité par téléphone pour répondre à d'éventuelles questions lors de votre séjour. Nous fournirons aussi une liste des adresses à fréquenter (bars, restaurants, parcs...) ainsi que celles à éviter ;) Quartier tr
32068	The view from the said bedroom is really something: wake up in the morning and have a direct view from your bed onto the beautiful Sacré Coeur on top of sunny Montmartre - and go to sleep while looking onto the illuminated white Cathedral again.	Cute Room in 4-person flat with direct view on the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre, just next to Métro Station Anvers and Barbés-Rochechouart in the 18th arrondissement. Cosy apartment with my great flatmates Jade, Jérôme and Romain. The view from the said bedroom is really something: wake up in the morning and have a direct view from your bed onto the beautiful Sacré Coeur on top of sunny Montmartre - and go to sleep while looking onto the illuminated white Cathedral again. common kitchen & living room, bathroom shared with one other flatmate, private bedroom with view
32069	hello i just bought this flat and and made all the works inside with my sister architect. It's a 37m2 , one bed room (bed for 2) ,one bathroom with open italian shower and a big open kitchen . A pleasure to try some french recipes! It's located in the nort area of paris ( the 18 arrondissement)  5 minutes walk from the Marx Dormoy metro station ( ligne 12)  It's super close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur area (4 metro stations ) You have a beautiful market in a pedestrian way at 1mn . I got tv, waching machine and of course internet wifi The clothest airport is CDG ( Charles de Gaulle) . 30 from RER B ( big train) to Gare du Nord station.  And from this station it's 5 minutes taxi ou 15 in metro ( 3 stations and one change for one more station). Maybe there are some buses, i can check . My flat is available from 3 days to 10 max thank you Please contact me for more informations. thanks!!! i'm waiting for you.	hello everyone ! Don't be shy , ask me for the prices or anything else hello i just bought this flat and and made all the works inside with my sister architect. It's a 37m2 , one bed room (bed for 2) ,one bathroom with open italian shower and a big open kitchen . A pleasure to try some french recipes! It's located in the nort area of paris ( the 18 arrondissement)  5 minutes walk from the Marx Dormoy metro station ( ligne 12)  It's super close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur area (4 metro stations ) You have a beautiful market in a pedestrian way at 1mn . I got tv, waching machine and of course internet wifi The clothest airport is CDG ( Charles de Gaulle) . 30 from RER B ( big train) to Gare du Nord station.  And from this station it's 5 minutes taxi ou 15 in metro ( 3 stations and one change for one more station). Maybe there are some buses, i can check . My flat is available from 3 days to 10 max thank you Please contact me for more informations. thanks!!! i'm waiting for you.
32070	La vu du 25eme étage et formidable un jolie balcon de 17 mètre carré vous donnera envie de faire un apéro simpaticque avec dait ami avant de sortire le logements et sécurisé et bien agréable à vivre.	Salut à tous  Je propose un charmant studio  tout confort dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris près de toutes commodités studio agréable capacité d'accueil 2 personnes à 10 minutes de la gare du nord près du quartier de Montmartre La vu du 25eme étage et formidable un jolie balcon de 17 mètre carré vous donnera envie de faire un apéro simpaticque avec dait ami avant de sortire le logements et sécurisé et bien agréable à vivre. Accès a tous se quille et dans apartement au jardins de la résidence et au multiple fonction Nao L' appartement et situé dans un quartier populaire de plus en plus vivant. Beaucoup de commerçants sont ouvert jour et nuit. Tous est à proximité (picard,supermarché chinois ou français épicerie,boulangerie.... ) tous proche,la place de l' olive et ses halles marchandes magnifiques est ouvert tous les Jour. La rue est piétonne  et est particulièrement agréable l'été  quand toutes les terrasses  sont occupées. Vous trouverez  également des petits restaurants de cuisin
32071		Flat in secure building, calm and relaxing, 60 square meters, composed of two principal rooms and a balcony with a view on the garden, full equiped, very closed to Sacré-Coeur and 2 subway lines directly to Champs-Elysées, Notre-Dame and Latino area.
32072	My studio is on the backyard with a garden view. Around 30 meter square, taking direct sunlight with no direct neighbors. Very calm and quite with a separate fully equipped kitchen. A large bathroom with a bathtub. There is one double bed and an extra comfortable couch if necessary.  Wireless internet, Italian espresso machines if you want to spend some quite time.	"Calm studio with garden view in secure building. Bathtub, internet, practical real big bed. Metro ""Marcadet Poissonniers"" crossing of metro line 4 and 12. Popular area, you can find anything necessary. 10 minutes walk to Montmartre. 2 stops to Gare Du Nord. My studio is on the backyard with a garden view. Around 30 meter square, taking direct sunlight with no direct neighbors. Very calm and quite with a separate fully equipped kitchen. A large bathroom with a bathtub. There is one double bed and an extra comfortable couch if necessary.  Wireless internet, Italian espresso machines if you want to spend some quite time. Very central. The studio is at ""Marcadet Poissonniers""metro stop. Crossing lines of metro line 4 and 12. The main train Station ""Gare du Nord"" is only two stops with metro line 4. This is one of the main metro line crossing Paris. The RER B train lines from both airports (CDG and Orly) stops at Gare du Nord."
32073	I live very close (10 min walking) from this apartment that my parents enjoy when they come to Paris. We are pleased to rent it to visitors. It offers the best experience of Paris, on the Montmartre hill (7 min walk to the Sacré-Coeur, 1 min to Moulin de la Galette…) Rue des Abbesses and rue Lepic, just at the corner, offer great quality grocery stores, bakeries, wine stores, restaurants etc. I'll be happy to share my favorite addresses with you ! Since I'm asked often: the apartment is very close to the spots featured in Amelie: 3 min from the grocery store, 4 to the café... The metro station is a little bit further but that's because they cheated in the movie! (They featured Lamarck-Caulaincourt, but according to the other locations it should be Abbesses). The appartment is 41m2 (440ft2), it's a proper 2-bedroom (2 separate bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen and living room), meaning it can suit 2 couples. The bed in the 2nd bedroom is a very comfortable convertible. The bathroom is indepen	2-bedroom apartment entirely renovated in 2012 and located at the heart of Montmartre. I live very close (10 min walking) from this apartment that my parents enjoy when they come to Paris. We are pleased to rent it to visitors. It offers the best experience of Paris, on the Montmartre hill (7 min walk to the Sacré-Coeur, 1 min to Moulin de la Galette…) Rue des Abbesses and rue Lepic, just at the corner, offer great quality grocery stores, bakeries, wine stores, restaurants etc. I'll be happy to share my favorite addresses with you ! Since I'm asked often: the apartment is very close to the spots featured in Amelie: 3 min from the grocery store, 4 to the café... The metro station is a little bit further but that's because they cheated in the movie! (They featured Lamarck-Caulaincourt, but according to the other locations it should be Abbesses). The appartment is 41m2 (440ft2), it's a proper 2-bedroom (2 separate bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen and living room), meaning it can suit 2 couples
32074		Appartement proche de Montmartre, situé dans un quartier populaire, a 15 min du centre de Paris en metro. Vous disposerez de tout le confort internet, Tv, et de tous les transports à proximité. 
32075	Fonctionnel et simple .  Vous y trouverez 1 lit double et un canapé lit . Cuisine , salle de bain et WC.   Internet Wifi et Télévision  . Machine à laver et séchoir . 	Appartement 2 pièces situé à 500 mètres de la Butte Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur. Fonctionnel et bien équipé. Très clair. Idéal pour passer quelques jours à Paris . Commerces, bars, restaurants à proximité . 200 mètres du métro Barbès Rochechouart. Fonctionnel et simple .  Vous y trouverez 1 lit double et un canapé lit . Cuisine , salle de bain et WC.   Internet Wifi et Télévision  . Machine à laver et séchoir . 2 Stations de métro à proximité Barbès Rochechouart et Anvers . Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord à moins d'un Kilomètre.  Les voyageurs seront accueillis . J'essaierai de répondre au mieux à leurs attentes. Le quartier de Montmartre est très pittoresque. Beaucoup de choses à découvrir sur la Butte Montmartre. Depuis les aéroports , accès direct à la Gare du Nord et ensuite le métro Ligne 4 jusqu'à la station Barbès Rochechouart . 
32076	Appartement de 24 m2 sous les toits, très lumineux, calme, fonctionnel. Au 7ème étage sur cour, sans ascenseur, avec une très belle vue sur le Sacré Coeur, et les toits de Paris ! Exposé sud, sud-est. Bel immeuble avec porte digicode et pass.	Charmant Studio, très lumineux, calme, avec vue dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur, proche tous commerces. Appartement de 24 m2 sous les toits, très lumineux, calme, fonctionnel. Au 7ème étage sur cour, sans ascenseur, avec une très belle vue sur le Sacré Coeur, et les toits de Paris ! Exposé sud, sud-est. Bel immeuble avec porte digicode et pass. Métro Jules Joffrin, ligne 12 ou porte de Clignancourt ligne 4. Bus 31, 60 Accueil des voyageurs Quartier très commerçant, boulanger, fromager, boucher, cavistes, tabac, bars, restaurants, supermarché dans la rue. Situé à 10 minutes à pieds de la butte Montmartre, proche du métro. A 15mn du marché aux puces de la porte de Clignancourt. Métro Jules Joffrin, ligne 12 ou porte de Clignancourt ligne 4. Bus 31, 60
32077	Extremely quiet and fully equiped apartment ( high speed WIFI, cable TV with over 250 channels in every langage, washing machine, coffee machine, kettle , hair dryer, iron, etc...). In a quiet and secured building with intercom. Grocery and many restaurants down the building. Linen and towels provided. One queen size double bed with a very comfortable fat matress .  Typical parisian street with every commodities nearby (2 supermarkets , cool restaurants & bars, public transportation is a 3 minutes walk). From the studio, a bicycle can be use to reach any location in Paris within a maximum of 30 minutes . (Velib bicycle rental 50 meters away from the apartment).  Host available 24/24 and 7/7. Check-in and check-out times are most of the time flexible.  Else (when guests have a late flight and the new ones an early arrival), check-out is 12:00 and check-in 14:00.	Très joli studio, totalement équipé (TV, internet, linge, vaiselle etc..) dans petite rue calme. Tous commerces et transports à proximité. Hôte disponible 24/24h.Borne vélib à 50 mètres.  Métro à moins de 3 minutes. Extremely quiet and fully equiped apartment ( high speed WIFI, cable TV with over 250 channels in every langage, washing machine, coffee machine, kettle , hair dryer, iron, etc...). In a quiet and secured building with intercom. Grocery and many restaurants down the building. Linen and towels provided. One queen size double bed with a very comfortable fat matress .  Typical parisian street with every commodities nearby (2 supermarkets , cool restaurants & bars, public transportation is a 3 minutes walk). From the studio, a bicycle can be use to reach any location in Paris within a maximum of 30 minutes . (Velib bicycle rental 50 meters away from the apartment).  Host available 24/24 and 7/7. Check-in and check-out times are most of the time flexible.  Else (when guests have
32078	Une grande piece avec cuisine toute equipée / salon  2 chambres (lits 2 places) Salle de bain avec douche italienne et baignoire WC separé. Grand Pacard 3 etage avec ascenseur Parking  couvert pour voiture Lounge Kitchen 2 Bedrooms with queen size bed Bathroom with shower and bathtube Separate toilets , Large closet Third floor with a lift Indoor Parking 	Une grande piece avec cuisine toute equipée / salon  2 chambres (lits 2 places) Salle de bain avec douche italienne et baignoire WC separé. Grand Pacard 3 etage avec ascenseur Parking  couvert pour voiture Lounge Kitchen 2 Bedrooms with queen size bed Bathroom with shower and bathtube Separate toilets , Large closet Third floor with a lift Indoor Parking Four et micro onde, owen and microwave Cuiseur vapeur , steamer Frigo et congelateur, fridge and freezer Machine a laver linge et vaiselle, laundry machine and dishwahing machine Machine a café, Blender, Grille pain, Bouilloire electrique, Aspirateur, Seche cheveux, Fer a repasser Coffee maker, blender, toaster,kettle, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer, ironer  TV, Cable, Wifi Reponse a vos questions par mail Answer to your questions by mail Marché couvert typique - Typical french Food market( excellent cheese and incredible natural wines) Restaurant branché et supermarché Trendy restaurants  and supermarket Le 104 à 5 minutes à pied, centre 
32079	Logement agréable, type parisien de 50 m2. Logement fumeur uniquement dans le salon et avec fenêtres ouvertes.	"Chambre lumineuse à louer dans appartement parisien (50m2). - À 12 min à pieds de Montmartre - Quartier charmant avec divers commerces à proximité - À moins de 100m de la station de métro Jules Joffrin (Ligne 12) et de l’arrêt de bus Logement agréable, type parisien de 50 m2. Logement fumeur uniquement dans le salon et avec fenêtres ouvertes. Salle de bain & toilettes Salon  Cuisine Quartier charmant, populaire et ""Bobo"", avec des commerces, cafés et bars à proximité. Métro Jules Joffrin L-12 Bus  Vélib Présence d'un chat blanc à poils longs, adorable et très sociable. Pas de Wifi."
32080	This flat is my home so please try to respect it as if it was your own place.  Fully equipped and cosy, it's an ideal nest for a couple in a super secure and clean building.  It is composed of one main room/bedroom, a big and fully equipped kitchen and a nice bathroom. You will find everything you need here, for a short or longer break.	Ideal for a couple who wishes to visit romantic Paris, this cosy flat is in the heart of our capital, in Pigalle. Moulin Rouge at 300m and Montmartre is at less than 5 minutes walk. Fully equiped, comfy, you will enjoy a perfect Parisian flat in a really secure building. This flat is my home so please try to respect it as if it was your own place.  Fully equipped and cosy, it's an ideal nest for a couple in a super secure and clean building.  It is composed of one main room/bedroom, a big and fully equipped kitchen and a nice bathroom. You will find everything you need here, for a short or longer break. My flat is located in the very heart of Paris, in trendy Pigalle, I believe the best location to discover Paris' full possibilities. You will find around you the hippest shops and bars, super French café were you can totally be yelled at by a garçon ;), traditional markets and wonderful architecture. Pigalle is really vivid and central, Moulin Rouge is at less than 300m,  Montmartre at 
32081	Au coeur d'un quartier populaire et très vivant de Paris, l'appartement est très calme (sur cour de chaque coté),  typiquement parisien, coloré, agréable et confortable.	"Au coeur d'un quartier populaire et très vivant de Paris, l'appartement est très calme (sur cour de chaque coté),  typiquement parisien, coloré, agréable et confortable. L'appartement a une vraie chambre avec lit double et un salon séparé avec un canapé qui se déplie en grand lit deux places. Un bar sépare la cuisine semi ouverte du salon.  La cuisiné est équipée d'un four et plaques de cuisson ainsi que d'un lave vaisselle et lave linge. Accès WiFi, draps et serviettes fournis si besoin.  L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire mais sur, et facilement desservis en metro et bus. Je suis à votre disposition pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous, et vous renseignez sur la ville. Populaire mais sur, c'est un mélange de populations et d'influences. Situé entre les quartiers ""indiens"" et ""africains"" de la capitale, idéal pour les marchés, vous pouvez également trouver de typiques brasseries parisiennes.  A 10 minutes à pieds de la Gare du Nord et de Montmartre, il est facilement a"
32082		STUDIO 19m² Paris 18ème 
32083	A quelques pas du Sacré Cœur et de son parc, dans un quartier charmant, touristique mais pas trop, et un petit immeuble montmartrois avec gardienne, au 3e, un appartement très lumineux de 55m2 refait à neuf récemment, composé d'un vaste séjour, salle à manger, cuisine avec bar, chambre avec rangements et salle de bain avec wc. Très confortable, il est entièrement meublé à neuf et équipé pour 4 personnes. Dans ce quartier pittoresque entre Abbesses et la Halle St Pierre et son marché, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et cafés typiquement montmartrois. A proximité aussi, une intense activité nocturne : théâtres, cinémas, cabarets...  	A quelques pas du Sacré Cœur et de son parc, dans un quartier charmant, touristique mais pas trop, et un petit immeuble montmartrois avec gardienne, au 3e, un appartement très lumineux de 55m2 refait à neuf récemment, composé d'un vaste séjour, salle à manger, cuisine avec bar, chambre avec rangements et salle de bain avec wc. Très confortable, il est entièrement meublé à neuf et équipé pour 4 personnes. Dans ce quartier pittoresque entre Abbesses et la Halle St Pierre et son marché, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et cafés typiquement montmartrois. A proximité aussi, une intense activité nocturne : théâtres, cinémas, cabarets...  
32084	The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a small building very typical of this area. You have a living room with a sofa bed for 2 people  with a very comfortable bedding, a coffee table , a dining table with chairs, , a large closet  a flat screen TV and international channels . Unlimited internet with wifi is offered.   The kitchen is independent . . It includes  all the appliances you want, with,  in particular , a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking ustensils are provided to you The bedroom overlooks a quiet street . . It consists of a large double bed which can be turned into 2 beds if necessary. , bedside tables and a large closet The bathroom includes a shower , sink and toilet The heating is gas fired central heating A wooden floor covers the apartment 	Nestled in the heart of the picturesque Montmartre area  , this apartment fully renovated in a very contemporary atmosphere , will delight you and will accommodate 4 people The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a small building very typical of this area. You have a living room with a sofa bed for 2 people  with a very comfortable bedding, a coffee table , a dining table with chairs, , a large closet  a flat screen TV and international channels . Unlimited internet with wifi is offered.   The kitchen is independent . . It includes  all the appliances you want, with,  in particular , a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking ustensils are provided to you The bedroom overlooks a quiet street . . It consists of a large double bed which can be turned into 2 beds if necessary. , bedside tables and a large closet The bathroom includes a shower , sink and toilet The heating is gas fired central heating A wooden floor covers the apartment This part of the
32085	Two-Story Little 39m2 (420 sq ft) House in a quiet street. On the ground floor you'll find the private outdoor courtyard, the bathroom and the kitchen / dining room. On the lower ground floor : the lounge area with convertible sofa and openable skylight. Feel free to use the washing machine, oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils and tableware. Bed sheets are provided. You'll have to bring your own bath towel and toiletries.	"Located north of Paris, in a mixed & living (but quiet) area close to all amenities : subway, bakeries, pharmacy, supermarkets, banks, post office, well-known greengrocer ""marché de l'olive"" +/- 5 minutes walk. Montmartre & ""Sacré Coeur"" +/- 20min Two-Story Little 39m2 (420 sq ft) House in a quiet street. On the ground floor you'll find the private outdoor courtyard, the bathroom and the kitchen / dining room. On the lower ground floor : the lounge area with convertible sofa and openable skylight. Feel free to use the washing machine, oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils and tableware. Bed sheets are provided. You'll have to bring your own bath towel and toiletries. Located north of Paris, in a mixed & living (but quiet) area close to all amenities : subway, bakeries, pharmacy, supermarkets, banks, post office, well-known greengrocer ""marché de l'olive"" +/- 5 minutes walk. Montmartre & ""Sacré Coeur"" +/- 20 min Subway : 3 minutes walk to Marx Dormoy (line 12) 10 minutes wa"
32086		Grande chambre d'environ 20m2 dans un appartement partagé. Proche Montmartre, commerces et transports dans un quartier dynamique mais une rue calme! NB: Tous les instruments de musique seront retirés.
32087	Eine tolle Lage, mitten im typischen Paris zwischen Parisern wohnen! Dann in einem der vielen Cafés dem Treiben zugucken.	Vous serez séduits par le super emplacement ! Un quartier qui vit le jour comme la nuit. Bars, restaurants, cinéma, métro en sortant. Beaucoup de choses à voir à pied : sacré-cœur, les ruelles typiques de Montmartre, Galeries Lafayette etc.
32088		Superbe appartement de 48m2 proche du Sacré Cœur, au 5ème étage(dernier étage) d'un très bel immeuble. Très lumineux, salle de bain, cuisine, salon et chambre. Appartement avec une ambiance vintage typique du milieu artistique du 18ème.
32089	The studio apartment is 20 square meters Studio, ideally located next to the Sacré Coeur! It's on the ground floor, in a very quiet street.  The studio is equipped with : a sofa, a mezzanine double bed (1.40 meters), a TV, a stereo, a table for 2 people, a fridge, a freezer,  washind/drying machine, an oven, a micro-wave oven, a coffee maker, a kettle, a toaster, and all kitchen utensils, shelves, closet.  The bathroom is composed of : a small wash basin, a shower (there is no door separating the bathroom from the living room), and there are also separated toilets in the apartment.  Linen, towels, soap and shampoo for 2 provided. There is an entrance code to the building. There is an unlimited Wifi access.  You can use the phone : free calls to landlines for 150 countries.  Very close to métros stations Abbesses (line 12, 3 minutes by walking), Anvers (line 2, 3 minutes by walking) and Barbes Rochechouart (line 4, 10 minutes by walking). If you have any question, do not hesitate to con	I love my place, next to Sacré Coeur, in an extroardinary and friendly neighbourhood. All you need is there : art galleries, great food shops, excellent bars and restaurants, the lovely cinema theater Studio 28. Just walking its streets is magic    The studio apartment is 20 square meters Studio, ideally located next to the Sacré Coeur! It's on the ground floor, in a very quiet street.  The studio is equipped with : a sofa, a mezzanine double bed (1.40 meters), a TV, a stereo, a table for 2 people, a fridge, a freezer,  washind/drying machine, an oven, a micro-wave oven, a coffee maker, a kettle, a toaster, and all kitchen utensils, shelves, closet.  The bathroom is composed of : a small wash basin, a shower (there is no door separating the bathroom from the living room), and there are also separated toilets in the apartment.  Linen, towels, soap and shampoo for 2 provided. There is an entrance code to the building. There is an unlimited Wifi access.  You can use the phone : free calls
32090	"The apartment has been tastefully & elegantly decorated to give you a feeling of calm and tranquility even in the busy city of light. Each room is well separated to give you the perfect privacy.  There is a main bedroom with a queen size bed, as well as a living room with a large and comfortable sofa bed that sleeps 2.  The exposed brick in the living room gives the apartment a very bohemian energy.  The apartment has been equipped with all the amenities that you would want for a weekend getaway or a longer stay. The kitchen has a microwave, an oven and is fully equipped with dishwasher, 4-burner stove, a large full fridge with freezer and plenty of pots and pans to delight any budding chef. You will also find in the kitchen a combo washer-dryer. Enjoy a meal at ""home"" in the dining area, where a big wood table has been set up for six people. Relax in the living room or watch TV, a DVD, talk or simply read a book.  Enjoy cable television with international news channels and stay connec"	Once you enter this apartment, you will not want to leave, as you'll feel so comfortable and calm. During the day, the light enters the apartment making it bright and airy, and at night, the view of the Parisian roofs is just amazing and so romantic. The apartment has been tastefully & elegantly decorated to give you a feeling of calm and tranquility even in the busy city of light. Each room is well separated to give you the perfect privacy.  There is a main bedroom with a queen size bed, as well as a living room with a large and comfortable sofa bed that sleeps 2.  The exposed brick in the living room gives the apartment a very bohemian energy.  The apartment has been equipped with all the amenities that you would want for a weekend getaway or a longer stay. The kitchen has a microwave, an oven and is fully equipped with dishwasher, 4-burner stove, a large full fridge with freezer and plenty of pots and pans to delight any budding chef. You will also find in the kitchen a combo washer
32091	The apartment is bright with 2 rooms on the fourth floor without elevator. The bedroom is provided with a bed for 2 and the living room with a sofa-bed for 2. The kitchen is equipped and the bathroom includes a shower, a washbasin and toilets. You will find on the spot sheets, towels, and washing machine. As well as a (email hidden) system with a plug/jack to listen to your music, a WIFI internet connection, and a landline telephone for your freecalls in France, USA and some other countries.	"2-rooms apartment for 4 people located in a popular district close to the butte-Montmartre. It is ideally located to move to all the city and places of visit. Living-room, separate Bedroom, separate Kitchen, Shower and Toilets in the Bathroom. The apartment is bright with 2 rooms on the fourth floor without elevator. The bedroom is provided with a bed for 2 and the living room with a sofa-bed for 2. The kitchen is equipped and the bathroom includes a shower, a washbasin and toilets. You will find on the spot sheets, towels, and washing machine. As well as a (email hidden) system with a plug/jack to listen to your music, a WIFI internet connection, and a landline telephone for your freecalls in France, USA and some other countries. The apartment is downtown. It's only an 10 mn walk to the Sacré Cœur basilica on the famous ""butte-Montmartre"" area, 2 min walk to « Marcadet-Poissonnier » metro station line 12 to go quickly to the Louvre museum, Opera area, or Champs Elysées area, or 2 min "
32092	This is the apartment we live in with my husband and 2 children. It consists of a fully equipped kitchen where you can have breakfast. A large lounge / dining room very bright with sofa (sleeping for a 3rd adult). A large master bedroom and a bedroom with a crib and a baby crib. Bathroom with bath and separate toilet. The area is lively, many cafes and restaurants. You are 5 minutes' walk from Montmartre and 3 minutes from the metro stations Chateau Rouge and Marcadet- Poissonniers	Nice 2 bedrooms apartment. 5 minutes walk from Montmartre. For 2 or 3 adults, 1 child and 1 baby (fully equipped for babies). Shops, cafés and nice restaurants. Metro 3 minutes. This is the apartment we live in with my husband and 2 children. It consists of a fully equipped kitchen where you can have breakfast. A large lounge / dining room very bright with sofa (sleeping for a 3rd adult). A large master bedroom and a bedroom with a crib and a baby crib. Bathroom with bath and separate toilet. The area is lively, many cafes and restaurants. You are 5 minutes' walk from Montmartre and 3 minutes from the metro stations Chateau Rouge and Marcadet- Poissonniers Guests can use everything in the apartment. Including all you need for children (high chair, changing table , baby bath, games). It is a area close to Montmartre, with many cafes, bars and restaurants . You are 10 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur and 15 minutes from the Ourcq Canal, very nice to walk along. The apartment is 3 minutes wa
32093	22ème étage	Une pièce douillete ou peuvent loger de 3 a 4 personnes car il y a un canapé et un lit en hauteur pour 2 personnes toute équipé dans une résidence au 22 ème étage profitez d'une vue magnifique, proche métro et rue très calme. 22ème étage Ligne 12 - Marx dormoy
32094	"Make Montmartre your home in a lovely, typical ""Montmartre style"" 2-rooms flat. The flat is 35m2. It is quiet and very bright, overlooking a lovely pedestrian street that leads to the Sacré-Coeur on one side, and a typical Parisian courtyard on the other side. The bedroom is large, bright and quiet, and equiped with a large bed. I usually live there with my cat, Minouche. She won't be in the flat during your stay, but just be aware of it if you have allergies! Other equipments: Bathroom with a shower and a whashing machine.  Separate WC. Fully equiped kitchen, with tea and coffee at your disposal for free. Free WIFI access. Bath towel and bed sheets provided."	"Experience Montmartre at heart ! My flat will be the perfect place for you to discover Paris and the lovely and vibrant life of the Butte. Make Montmartre your home in a lovely, typical ""Montmartre style"" 2-rooms flat. The flat is 35m2. It is quiet and very bright, overlooking a lovely pedestrian street that leads to the Sacré-Coeur on one side, and a typical Parisian courtyard on the other side. The bedroom is large, bright and quiet, and equiped with a large bed. I usually live there with my cat, Minouche. She won't be in the flat during your stay, but just be aware of it if you have allergies! Other equipments: Bathroom with a shower and a whashing machine.  Separate WC. Fully equiped kitchen, with tea and coffee at your disposal for free. Free WIFI access. Bath towel and bed sheets provided. Full flat I speak French, English and German, love to travel and to meet people. Thus, I'll be happy to have a drink or a diner with you, to tell you about Paris and Montmartre which I know pre"
32095		Belle appartement chaleureux dans le 18 ème arrondissement de Paris, à proximité de Montmartre, du métro (5 min) et des commerces, composé de 2 chambres et un salon avec une  cuisine super équipée ainsi qu'une salle de bain et WC séparer. 
32096	2 seperate terraces with unobstructed views: 1 facing to the West and the other to the East.  On the West side you have a view of the famous Sacre Coeur Church atop Paris' lovely Montmarte neighborhood.   And the other terrace gives to the ZAC PAJOL center with a number of cozy bars and shops.  With its height you have a real breath away from  the city, you can enjoy simple cozy conforts at home, and equally enjoy its large kitchen and its great view of Paris' skyline while you cook which is lovely at night and day.   10 min walk to the backside of Montmartre , 5 min walk to Paris' great indian neighborhood, 10 min walk to the canal st. martin and the MK2 cinema on the water.  It's an up and coming neighborhood.  You shall surely enjoy your stay in this nest above paris. 	2 seperate terraces with unobstructed views: 1 facing to the West and the other to the East.  On the West side you have a view of the famous Sacre Coeur Church atop Paris' lovely Montmarte neighborhood.   And the other terrace gives to the ZAC PAJOL  2 seperate terraces with unobstructed views: 1 facing to the West and the other to the East.  On the West side you have a view of the famous Sacre Coeur Church atop Paris' lovely Montmarte neighborhood.   And the other terrace gives to the ZAC PAJOL center with a number of cozy bars and shops.  With its height you have a real breath away from  the city, you can enjoy simple cozy conforts at home, and equally enjoy its large kitchen and its great view of Paris' skyline while you cook which is lovely at night and day.   10 min walk to the backside of Montmartre , 5 min walk to Paris' great indian neighborhood, 10 min walk to the canal st. martin and the MK2 cinema on the water.  It's an up and coming neighborhood.  You shall surely enjoy you
32097	Au coeur d'un quartier populaire avec tous les commerces disponibles. Deux Stations de métros de Montmartre.	Dans quartier populaire et animé, 100 mètres du métro Ligne 12 Marx Dormoy. Marché de l'Olive, boutiques, bars,...poste..Petit appartement situé au 4ème étage, sur cour, lumineux, chambre, salon, entrée, salle d'eau...internet, télé... Au coeur d'un quartier populaire avec tous les commerces disponibles. Deux Stations de métros de Montmartre. Accès à tous les (website hidden), Internet, machine à laver, cuisine, salle de bain..rangements... Sachez que je serais présente pour vous recevoir et aussi avant votre départ. Notez également que je ne demande pas de caution, en revanche si par mégarde, vous cassez qqch je demanderai une compensation avant votre départ. Au coeur d'un quartier populaire avec tous les commerces disponibles. Deux Stations de métros de Montmartre. Métro L12 Marx Dormoy ou L2 La Chapelle. Bus 35 et 60.
32098	The flat is divided into two floors: the 6th comprising the living room and the kitchen and the 5th with the 2 double bedrooms and the bathroom (with WC). We can go from one to the other by taking a small spiral stair.	Welcome to our charming Duplex under the roof in the center of Pigalle! We are just 5 minuts away from the Pigalle metro station. The neighboorhood is great: you are in the middle of Montmartre, one of the nicest and youngest parts of Paris! The flat is divided into two floors: the 6th comprising the living room and the kitchen and the 5th with the 2 double bedrooms and the bathroom (with WC). We can go from one to the other by taking a small spiral stair. The entire flat is available. I will be on holidays but always available and I will leave advice regarding the neighborhood (with restaurants and shops adress if you want). The Pigalle neighborhood is a great place in Paris, with lots of restaurants, bars, nightclubs, exhibitions, and all the touristic and beautiful places that make Montmartre a great area to live in! The Pigalle METRO STATION is 5 minuts away (lines 2, 12).  VELIB stations (free and available parisian bikes) are all around the flat.  BUSES and MONTMARTROBUS are all 
32099	"50 meters away from metro Stalingrad (line 2, 5 and 7), ideal location to rest after your day visiting paris. There are many places to walk around in the area, the Eole garden and the Ourq Canal are 5 minutes away. The canal will bring you to ""La vilette"", a huge parc with 2 cinemas and numerous bars. Very nice during the summer. Also a great place for pic-nics. The appartment has a big living room with a convertible bed, and a bedroom with a double bed. There are a fairly big kitchen you can have dinner in, a bathroom with a bathtop, and a washing machine. There are separate restroom also. The place is very lightfull, no elevator but only on the second and last floor. It is possible to  get connected to Wifi. Welcome to Paris !"""	"This apartment is ideal for a family of two children. Situated in a popular district in the North of Pari. The apartment is situated in 100 meters of the subway Stalingrad. 3 different lines come you in quite the directions to travel. 50 meters away from metro Stalingrad (line 2, 5 and 7), ideal location to rest after your day visiting paris. There are many places to walk around in the area, the Eole garden and the Ourq Canal are 5 minutes away. The canal will bring you to ""La vilette"", a huge parc with 2 cinemas and numerous bars. Very nice during the summer. Also a great place for pic-nics. The appartment has a big living room with a convertible bed, and a bedroom with a double bed. There are a fairly big kitchen you can have dinner in, a bathroom with a bathtop, and a washing machine. There are separate restroom also. The place is very lightfull, no elevator but only on the second and last floor. It is possible to  get connected to Wifi. Welcome to Paris !"" Wifi My district is Popul"
