0	Welcome home !  The apartment is located on the 5th floor and is approx. 50sqm and is well completely safe  and secured: you have to go through 2 locked doors before entering the building and 1 more door to access the 5th floor. The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accomodate you We share with you kitchen and toilets. The two studios are located on the same level and they are independant. You will have the key of your studio and the keys opening the bulding. 	               Cosy and warm flat of 50 sqm located on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a typical parisian building. Ideally located 5 min's walk from Arc De Triomphe and Champs Elysées.           Welcome home !  The apartment is located on the 5th floor and is approx. 50sqm and is well completely safe  and secured: you have to go through 2 locked doors before entering the building and 1 more door to access the 5th floor. The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accomodate you We share with you kitchen and toilets. The two studios are located on the same level and they are independant. You will have the key of your studio and the keys opening the bulding. The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accomodate 2/3 people:  furnished with a double bed, a sofa, bathroom, a dressing, electrical ceramics plates, an oven, a washing machine, a fridge, a kettle, a hair-drier, an iron and ironing board, high speed Wifi Internet, a flat screen TV with several inter
1	JUST ARC DE TRIOMPHE ETOILE 2 MNS CHAMPS ELYSEES VICTOR HUGO   THE LAST   A VERY GOOD DISTRICT VERY SECURED FOR A SINGLE STUDENT VERY GOOD DISTRICT ALL AROUND A VERY PRIVILEGED DISTRICT A LOT OF SCHOOLS UNIVERSITIES  VERY WELL DESSERVED TUBE STATIONS ALL AROUND; YES  A NICE STUDIO FOR A NICE STUDENT IF YOU COME FOR  A STAGE OR FOR WORKING 3 MONTHS OR SIX MONTHS  ALL THE SECURITIES IN THIS BUILDING WITH DIGICODE GUARDIAN INTERPHONE CARPET LIFT  50 EUROS PER DAY MINIMUM 8 days ACCORDING TO THE PERIOD AND THE DURATION  FOR SOME OTHERS INQUIRIES PLEASE WRITE ENJOY THE BEST DISTRICT OF PARIS ARC DE TRIOMPHE ETOILE VICTOR HUGO  CHAMPS ELYSEES AND ALSO PLACE DES TERNES WITH ALL THE BEST SHOPS MARKETS OPEN TILL 10 PM DARTY SHOP FNAC AND SO .......... AND YOU KNOW FROM ARC DE TRIOMPHE ETOILE YOU CAN GO EVERYWHERE ALL THIS RESERVATION IS ALL INCLUDED WI FI AND ELECTRICITY HEATING TOO FOR LONG PERIOD FOR THE NEXT YEAR     SINCE THE 1ST OF AUGUST 2015 THE BEST DISTRICT OF PARIS CHARLES DE GAULLE E	IT S IMPORTANT TO HAVE SOMETHING WHERE TO GO FOR 2 PERSON MAX, 1  STUDENT FOR ALL THE YEAR LONG;  since 1st AUGUST 2015  A STUDIO NICE RENOVATED IN A GOOD DISTRICT ETOILE VICTOR HUGO    TWO PERSON MAX VERY AMAZING AREA A GOOD DISTRICT AND SECURITY JUST ARC DE TRIOMPHE ETOILE 2 MNS CHAMPS ELYSEES VICTOR HUGO   THE LAST   A VERY GOOD DISTRICT VERY SECURED FOR A SINGLE STUDENT VERY GOOD DISTRICT ALL AROUND A VERY PRIVILEGED DISTRICT A LOT OF SCHOOLS UNIVERSITIES  VERY WELL DESSERVED TUBE STATIONS ALL AROUND; YES  A NICE STUDIO FOR A NICE STUDENT IF YOU COME FOR  A STAGE OR FOR WORKING 3 MONTHS OR SIX MONTHS  ALL THE SECURITIES IN THIS BUILDING WITH DIGICODE GUARDIAN INTERPHONE CARPET LIFT  50 EUROS PER DAY MINIMUM 8 days ACCORDING TO THE PERIOD AND THE DURATION  FOR SOME OTHERS INQUIRIES PLEASE WRITE ENJOY THE BEST DISTRICT OF PARIS ARC DE TRIOMPHE ETOILE VICTOR HUGO  CHAMPS ELYSEES AND ALSO PLACE DES TERNES WITH ALL THE BEST SHOPS MARKETS OPEN TILL 10 PM DARTY SHOP FNAC AND SO ..........
2	L'appartement  Le quartier, à la limite du 8e et 17e, arround Place des Ternes est une porte pour atteindre toute la ville, soit à pied ou en métro. Vous pouvez être à peu près partout en prenant le métro en quelques minutes. Il ya 2 stations de métro autour de pratiques: Charles de Gaulle Etoile de (RER A et la ligne 2, 6, 1) ou Ternes (ligne 2). La gare RER donne un accès direct à la quasi-totalité de la ville. Le terminal Air France Bus est un tiers de miles de distance et donne accès direct à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle. Beaucoup de magasins d'alimentation et boulangerie sont à quelques mètres de l'appartement (avec l'un des meilleurs boulangerie et boucherie de Paris), Vins magasin, supermarché, pharmacie, restaurant, cafés. L'emplacement de l'hôtel est un endroit haut pour découvrir la ville, obtenir le véritable style de vie d'un peuple parisiens .. La Défense quartier d'affaires peut être atteint en 20 minures par Metro, Palais des Congrès en 10 minutes à pied, l'Arc de Triomp	hello, I just recovered a second apartment in the same building if staring down my profile you'll see the photos. Very well located CHAMPS ELYSEE !!!! All that is necessary is nearby. Do not hesitate and book. More information contact me. Press herb L'appartement  Le quartier, à la limite du 8e et 17e, arround Place des Ternes est une porte pour atteindre toute la ville, soit à pied ou en métro. Vous pouvez être à peu près partout en prenant le métro en quelques minutes. Il ya 2 stations de métro autour de pratiques: Charles de Gaulle Etoile de (RER A et la ligne 2, 6, 1) ou Ternes (ligne 2). La gare RER donne un accès direct à la quasi-totalité de la ville. Le terminal Air France Bus est un tiers de miles de distance et donne accès direct à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle. Beaucoup de magasins d'alimentation et boulangerie sont à quelques mètres de l'appartement (avec l'un des meilleurs boulangerie et boucherie de Paris), Vins magasin, supermarché, pharmacie, restaurant, cafés. L'emplace
3		Best Western Empire Élysées Hotel is situated 600m away from Arc de Triomphe in Champs Elysees. It is a cozy, modern room, with free Wi-fi, TV and a private bathroom. The room also has a minibar. A nice place to stay in Paris center. 
4	( Anglais / français )                                                                            Hello I own a very nice little studio on the roofs of Paris. the apartment is located close to the Champs Elysee and the Arc de Triomphe 25 meters more precisely, in the sixth floor walk .. (Internet - Giga optical fiber 1 from 1 August) it is a listed building history .. the apartment is small .. but this is not the most important :-) this beautiful small studio is equipped with inside shower and toilet are on the landing mattresses are .. new .. I also have some utensils and accessories that will make you many services .. I am a bartender at the Eiffel Tower in a restaurant bar and I take my job for a famous French chef, I will be available all carefully along your stay .. the Eiffel Tower is a 10-minute walk .. ATTENTION !!! ATTENTION serious person !.                                                                                              Hello .. je suis propriétaire d'un très jol	Hello everyone .. I stand my name samy. I rent my very nice little studio .. It is a listed bulding .. The apartment is conveniently located on the roofs of paris in front of our famous landmark the Arc de Triomphe .. So you are barely a few seconds at  Champs  Élysées
5	The apartment is composed of two large rooms with a bed and two private bathrooms (1st floor).  There is a second room attached to the living room (separator wall) with a private bathroom.  Flat TV The kitchen is fully equipped with :  - Cooking Utensils               - Toaster - Dishwasher                       - Refrigerator - Hotplates                          - Cutlery - Kettle                               - Clothes Horse The three bathrooms are equiped with a nice shower. There is a washing machine + washing powder + hairdryer.  	Elegant and gorgeous duplex next to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk)!  Close to many restaurants, café, shops and tourist attractions.  Two balconies with a view of the Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower.   The apartment is composed of two large rooms with a bed and two private bathrooms (1st floor).  There is a second room attached to the living room (separator wall) with a private bathroom.  Flat TV The kitchen is fully equipped with :  - Cooking Utensils               - Toaster - Dishwasher                       - Refrigerator - Hotplates                          - Cutlery - Kettle                               - Clothes Horse The three bathrooms are equiped with a nice shower. There is a washing machine + washing powder + hairdryer.  Bed linen and towels are provided, free Wifi. I offer you a welcome box with amenities (soap, shampoo, earplugs, tissues, dental kit,...) Close to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk). Famous and incredible area.  Ne
6		Vends 2 nuits prépayées avec petits déjeuners hotel Beauséjour Montmartre ( (website hidden) ). Cause modification des dates de mon déplacement professionnel et résa prépayée et non remboursable: prix 325€ les 2 nuits au lieu de 425€
7		Spacious, light and cosy flat on the 3th floor. The flat is 80 m2 on a quiet street and you will be within 20mn from all the beautiful places in Paris.
8	"Spacious and cozy apartment of 80m2. Modern with all accomodation.   Walking distance from ""Arc de Triomphe"" (2min) and ""Champs Elysées"" (10min). Located in a dynamic area, this apartment is ideal for all kind of travellers. (Tourisms, business...) Kitchen:  A fully equipped kitchen well organized will allow you to enjoy all shops around the place and cook yourself some good dishes. You will enjoy the cooking plates, oven and micro waves, fridge and freezer and essential utensils. Also a  both Washing and Dryer machine on site will facilitate your stay. Electronics: •2 Plasma LED (1 in the living room and 1 in the bedroom), •International cable in the bedroom,  •Wireless and Lan included, •Music system compatible IPhone, Ipod, Ipad, Blackberry… Bathroom : •1 Bath •2 Sink •1 toilet seat (separated) Access: (at 3min walking distance) •Metro/Subway line 1 , 2 , 6 •Subway RER A ( to Disneyland and Château de Versailles) •To park your car, Parking/Garage Vinci (Avenue Mac Mahon / Avenue de "	"Spacious and cozy apartment of 80m2. Modern with all accomodation.   Walking distance from ""Arc de Triomphe"" (2min) and ""Champs Elysées"" (10min). Located in a dynamic area, this apartment is ideal for all kind of travellers. (Tourisms, business...) Kitchen:  A fully equipped kitchen well organized will allow you to enjoy all shops around the place and cook yourself some good dishes. You will enjoy the cooking plates, oven and micro waves, fridge and freezer and essential utensils. Also a  both Washing and Dryer machine on site will facilitate your stay. Electronics: •2 Plasma LED (1 in the living room and 1 in the bedroom), •International cable in the bedroom,  •Wireless and Lan included, •Music system compatible IPhone, Ipod, Ipad, Blackberry… Bathroom : •1 Bath •2 Sink •1 toilet seat (separated) Access: (at 3min walking distance) •Metro/Subway line 1 , 2 , 6 •Subway RER A ( to Disneyland and Château de Versailles) •To park your car, Parking/Garage Vinci (Avenue Mac Mahon / Avenue de "
9	The apartment is located on the 7th and last level of an old typical French building, renovated in 2011. The elevator will take you up to the 6th floor. The place is very light and calm since the apartment is oriented South and leads on an inside courtyard. It has a balcony and two skylights. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2009 and offers all modern amenities.	NEXT TO THE ARC DE TRIOMPHE For your next holidays or for a business trip, enjoy your stay in a quiet place, fully equipped. It is right at the center of the magical French capital and is close to anything you would need. The apartment is located on the 7th and last level of an old typical French building, renovated in 2011. The elevator will take you up to the 6th floor. The place is very light and calm since the apartment is oriented South and leads on an inside courtyard. It has a balcony and two skylights. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2009 and offers all modern amenities. Private property / all the flat Someone in the building will welcome you and will assist you
10		Situe dans un quartier très chic au 8eme arrondissement de Paris , sur Avenue Wagram, à 2 min à pied de l'arc de Triomphe et des champs Élysées,20 min a pieds de la tour Eiffel.  De nombreux restaurants aux alentours.Studio au 6 eme étage avec WC privative sur le palier . Station métro Charles de Gaulle étoile et station Ternes .
11	The studio has one main room with double bed and sofa, coffee table, TV, separated kitchen with micro waves and electric hoven, kettle. The bathroom has a bath, WC and washbassin, washing machine. Internet by wifi is free.	This beautiful studio is located on a quiet courtyard, in one of the most exclusive and romantic areas of Paris, within walking distance to Champs-Elysées, Porte Maillot (direct shuttle to Beauvais airport) and Eiffel Tower The apartment has: The studio has one main room with double bed and sofa, coffee table, TV, separated kitchen with micro waves and electric hoven, kettle. The bathroom has a bath, WC and washbassin, washing machine. Internet by wifi is free. You will be able to use everything in the apartment, equipped kitchen, washing machine, wifi, hair dryer I'm available to answer all your questions. When I will receive you at the apartment I will explain you where are the main places of interest in Paris and the amenities of the area (market, supermaket etc.) This area is a very nice area of Paris, perfectly located to go to the main places of interest : walking distance to the Champs Elysées, L6 direct to Eiffel Tower, L2 direct to Montmartre, Pigalle etc, RER A direct to Gran
12	Ideally located, underground Etoile, close to shops, restaurants and open market on Sunday. Champs Elysees at less than 2 minutes walk. Lot of shops, restaurants around and a famous open market for fresh food open also on sunday (Marche Poncelet). Absolute quiet with garden view and Parisian buildings, tastefully decorated all in white, completely renovated, comfortable, bed (160x200) and sofa bed (140x190) with comfortable mattress and ecological. Upscale Equipment and design. Digital tablet, DVDs and books available, Radio and charging Ipod. 6the floor, 2 elevators. Near Metro Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, line 1, bus, RER, Air France Shuttle Airports. Eiffel Tower direct in 4 stops by bus. Direct to Disneyland and Château de Versailles with RER Discount for long time stay. If 2 beds separate for 2 persons, 20€ per night is asking.	Ideally located, underground Etoile, close to shops, restaurants and open market on Sunday. Champs Elysees at less than 2 minutes walk. Lot of shops, restaurants around and a famous open market for fresh food open also on sunday (Marche Poncelet). Absolute quiet with garden view and Parisian buildings, tastefully decorated all in white, completely renovated, comfortable, bed (160x200) and sofa bed (140x190) with comfortable mattress and ecological. Upscale Equipment and design. Digital tablet, DVDs and books available, Radio and charging Ipod. 6the floor, 2 elevators. Near Metro Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, line 1, bus, RER, Air France Shuttle Airports. Eiffel Tower direct in 4 stops by bus. Direct to Disneyland and Château de Versailles with RER Discount for long time stay. If 2 beds separate for 2 persons, 20€ per night is asking.
13	Charming, fully furnished, clean and calm: 3 double rooms + 2 single rooms + 2 living rooms + 2 bathrooms + 2 toilets The flat is on 2 levels, and built around a central garden.  Up to 10 ppl sleeping comfortably.  12 or 13 if you are a family, willing to be creative.	Located near Parc Monceau and Gare St Lazare, in the upscale 8th district, this flat feels like a house thanks to a beautifull garden with wooden deck. Calm and fresh, 5 bedrooms 2 living rooms, open kitchen, 2 bathrooms. Market, shops, cafés are 2 mn away. Charming, fully furnished, clean and calm: 3 double rooms + 2 single rooms + 2 living rooms + 2 bathrooms + 2 toilets The flat is on 2 levels, and built around a central garden.  Up to 10 ppl sleeping comfortably.  12 or 13 if you are a family, willing to be creative. Wifi + Stereo Washing machine + dishwasher 2 bathroom + 2 toilets  Free Check In from 15 to 19pm - Free Check out from 9 to 11am Supplements apply on night check in/out and Sunday/bank holiday.
14		Un appartement très confortable à découvrir :  Le studio est d'une surface de 30 m2  une pièce à vivre équipées : appartement meublé entièrement, machine à laver, combiner micro-onde et four, charges et internet compris.
15	Beautiful fully furnish 1 bedroom flat for 4 peoples close to Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe! The flat is fully furnish with a double bed, and a sofa bed, tv, internet wifi, shower and a very nice kitchen! Best place to stay in Paris, line 1 (principal tube line in Paris), line 6 and 2! RER A direct to Disneyland Paris!	Beautiful fully furnish 1 bedroom flat for 4 peoples close to Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe! The flat is fully furnish with a double bed, and a sofa bed, tv, internet wifi, shower and a very nice kitchen! Beautiful fully furnish 1 bedroom flat for 4 peoples close to Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe! The flat is fully furnish with a double bed, and a sofa bed, tv, internet wifi, shower and a very nice kitchen! Best place to stay in Paris, line 1 (principal tube line in Paris), line 6 and 2! RER A direct to Disneyland Paris! Metro 1-6-2 RER A bus Air France aeroport
16	The apartment : 500 sq feet apartment, 3d floor with an elevator, located 75017 Paris, 100 meters from Arc de Triomphe, 3 min walking from the Champs Elysées, 10 min from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Living room with 1 sofa, 1 table and 4 chairs. Free High speed Wi-Fi internet connexion, 1 bedroom with queen bed, 1 bathroom with bath/shower. 2 TVs, cable TV (easy access to US international channels). Large closets, peaceful and safe area. 5min walking to an open-air farmers market. Theatres and shows are walking distance and/or public transportation easily accessible (the Parisian public transportation service is very good). Not smoking facility. Safe building. The Neighborhood : Safe street in a great touristic area of Paris.  The Arc de Triomphe is 100 meters away, Champs Elysées 200 meters, Eiffel Tower 10min by subway. Paris Congress Center walking distance. With the Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile subway/train/bus station 100 meters away, subway, bus and trains can take you to the Louvre,	The apartment : 500 sq feet apartment, 3d floor with an elevator, located 75017 Paris, 100 meters from Arc de Triomphe, 3 min walking from the Champs Elysées, 10 min from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Living room with 1 sofa, 1 table and 4 chairs. Free High speed Wi-Fi internet connexion, 1 bedroom with queen bed, 1 bathroom with bath/shower. 2 TVs, cable TV (easy access to US international channels). Large closets, peaceful and safe area. 5min walking to an open-air farmers market. Theatres and shows are walking distance and/or public transportation easily accessible (the Parisian public transportation service is very good). Not smoking facility. Safe building. The Neighborhood : Safe street in a great touristic area of Paris.  The Arc de Triomphe is 100 meters away, Champs Elysées 200 meters, Eiffel Tower 10min by subway. Paris Congress Center walking distance. With the Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile subway/train/bus station 100 meters away, subway, bus and trains can take you to the Louvre,
17	Très beau studio à Paris 17ème de 37m², cuisine séparée sur cour privative.  Capacité d'accueil: 5-6 personnes. Situé sur l'avenue de la Grande Armée, à 4 minutes à pied des champs élysées.  Quartier sécurisé, ambiant et calme. Je reste à votre entière disposition.   Le quartier est très équipé: - 3 super-marchés en bas - plusieurs restaurants ( français, italien, thaïlandais, chinois, japonais) ouverts jusqu'à 3 heures du matin. - Magasins - Plusieurs brasseries, salon de thé, Buraliste. - McDonalds et Quick à 4 minutes ouverts jusqu'à 2h du matin. - Nombreux parkings. Accès: Au tout début de la rue des Acacias, - Métro Argentine (ligne 1) situé à 20 mètres - Nombreux bus desservant l'ensemble des arrondissements de Paris. Proche Arc de triomphe, champs Elysées, Porte maillot et palais des congrès. En métro, à : - 1 minute de charles de gaules étoile - 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel - 10 minutes de Montmartre A pied, à: - 4 minutes de l'Arc de triomphe - 4 minutes des champs élysées    	Très beau studio à Paris 17ème de 37m², cuisine séparée sur cour privative.  Capacité d'accueil: 5-6 personnes. Situé sur l'avenue de la Grande Armée, à 4 minutes à pied des champs élysées.  Quartier sécurisé, ambiant et calme. Je reste à votre entière disposition.   Le quartier est très équipé: - 3 super-marchés en bas - plusieurs restaurants ( français, italien, thaïlandais, chinois, japonais) ouverts jusqu'à 3 heures du matin. - Magasins - Plusieurs brasseries, salon de thé, Buraliste. - McDonalds et Quick à 4 minutes ouverts jusqu'à 2h du matin. - Nombreux parkings. Accès: Au tout début de la rue des Acacias, - Métro Argentine (ligne 1) situé à 20 mètres - Nombreux bus desservant l'ensemble des arrondissements de Paris. Proche Arc de triomphe, champs Elysées, Porte maillot et palais des congrès. En métro, à : - 1 minute de charles de gaules étoile - 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel - 10 minutes de Montmartre A pied, à: - 4 minutes de l'Arc de triomphe - 4 minutes des champs élysées    
18	Discover Paris and make yourself at home in our wonderful studio, with 3 large windows giving access to a long balcony.  It's in a charming 1900-style building, recently refurbished, private and secure.  In the main room there is a convertible bed which is very easy to arrange.  The kitchen corner has all cooking facilities, and a seating area.  The studio has one bathroom with a shower stall, and a separate toilet.  We provide bed-linen, towels and soap.	Located at the heart of Paris, within 5 min. walk from the Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysées and Ternes area, our beautiful 45 sq studio is brand new, cosy & fully furnished, quiet and very bright: at the top floor with a balcony (5th with elevator) Discover Paris and make yourself at home in our wonderful studio, with 3 large windows giving access to a long balcony.  It's in a charming 1900-style building, recently refurbished, private and secure.  In the main room there is a convertible bed which is very easy to arrange.  The kitchen corner has all cooking facilities, and a seating area.  The studio has one bathroom with a shower stall, and a separate toilet.  We provide bed-linen, towels and soap. We wish that every traveler feels at home here, our guests can use all appliances including the washing machine / dryer, as well as the wi-fi and TV (200 channels) You can call us and email us if you have any questions, before your booking or during your stay!  We'd be glad to answer our gue
19	Very peaceful, perfect located, close to nice restaurants and shop.	Very well located: 200m from Arc de Triomphe and 10 min walking to Champs Elysées.  Easy access to all mode of transportation (Ligne 1, 2, 6, RER A) Very clean, rencently renovated interior  1st floor. If you have any further question, ask me:) Very peaceful, perfect located, close to nice restaurants and shop.
20	Ce deux pièces, fonctionnel, est idéalement situé pour profiter de Paris. Situé à 300 m de l'avenue des champs Élysée et à 100 m de la station de métro Argentine (ligne 1). le logement est adapté pour accueillir deux personnes avec un ou deux enfants (clic-clac deux places dans le salon) à 200 m de l'arc de triomphe à 300 m de l'avenue des champs Élisée je ne serais pas présent pendant votre séjour, je vous remettrai les clés et pourrait vous donner quelques conseils sur les déplacements dans Paris, les centres d’intérêts... le quartier est très calme et situé près de l'avenue des Ternes où vous trouverez de nombreux commerces. Supérette G20 au pied de l'immeuble. le logement est situé à 100m de la station Argentine de la ligne 1 du métro Il y a des stationnements payants dans la rue mais souvent pleins 	Ce deux pièces, fonctionnel, est idéalement situé pour profiter de Paris. Situé à 300 m de l'avenue des champs Élysée et à 100 m de la station de métro Argentine (ligne 1). le logement est adapté pour accueillir deux personnes avec un ou deux enfants (clic-clac deux places dans le salon) à 200 m de l'arc de triomphe à 300 m de l'avenue des champs Élisée je ne serais pas présent pendant votre séjour, je vous remettrai les clés et pourrait vous donner quelques conseils sur les déplacements dans Paris, les centres d’intérêts... le quartier est très calme et situé près de l'avenue des Ternes où vous trouverez de nombreux commerces. Supérette G20 au pied de l'immeuble. le logement est situé à 100m de la station Argentine de la ligne 1 du métro Il y a des stationnements payants dans la rue mais souvent pleins 
21	1 bedroom with double bed  1 bid wardrobe 1 kitchen fully furnished 1 bathroom with bath	40 m2 apartement situated at 5 minutes from Les Champs Elysées and l'Arc de Triomphe. Entirely equipped.   1 bedroom with double bed  1 bid wardrobe 1 kitchen fully furnished 1 bathroom with bath all the flat is yours during your stay
22	Situé entre l'Arc de Triomphe et le fameux marché Poncelet, à 5mins à pied des Champs Elysées et 10mins en métro de la Tour Eiffel, du Louvre et des Grands Magasins (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette). L'appartement est sur cour au 2e étage sans ascenseur donc calme assuré !  L'appartement fait 35m2 avec cuisine, chambre et toilette séparées et est tout équipé avec des équipements de qualité et une décoration soignée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : plaques à induction, four micro-onde, machine à laver frigidaire/congélateur, bouilloire, grille pain et mixeur. Le salon se compose d'une table basse, canapé de qualité, télévision (chaines cablés et canal plus) et table basse. La chambre séparée comprend un lit (140x200cm) et une armoire non accessible. Toilettes séparées de la salle de bain (douche). Accès wifi dans l'appartement  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l'appartement Les heures d'entrées et de sorties seront en fonctions des agendas et à fixer ensemble. Merci de tra	Situé entre l'Arc de Triomphe et le fameux marché Poncelet, à 5mins à pied des Champs Elysées et 10mins en métro de la Tour Eiffel, du Louvre et des Grands Magasins (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette). L'appartement est sur cour au 2e étage sans ascenseur donc calme assuré !  L'appartement fait 35m2 avec cuisine, chambre et toilette séparées et est tout équipé avec des équipements de qualité et une décoration soignée. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : plaques à induction, four micro-onde, machine à laver frigidaire/congélateur, bouilloire, grille pain et mixeur. Le salon se compose d'une table basse, canapé de qualité, télévision (chaines cablés et canal plus) et table basse. La chambre séparée comprend un lit (140x200cm) et une armoire non accessible. Toilettes séparées de la salle de bain (douche). Accès wifi dans l'appartement  Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l'appartement Les heures d'entrées et de sorties seront en fonctions des agendas et à fixer ensemble. Merci de tra
23		2 pièces à 3 minutes à pied de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs Elysée. En plus d’être tout équipé, pratique, et charmant, l'appartement à été rénové récemment.  
24	The apartment opens onto the living area, furnished with a table and a white fireplace dating back to the 1930’s and surmounted by a mirror; next to is there is the chest of drawers with TV set.  On the left there is a standing lamp, a sofa bed (140 cm) and a small table. On the left you find the corridor leading to the back of the house: immediately on the right is the bedroom with double bed (140 cm) and wardrobe, whilst at the end there is the brand-new kitchen with worktop (with plenty of appliances) and a 4-seater dining table. The bathroom is fitted with shower cubicle, basin and toilet.	Lovely (website hidden) one bedroom apartment in Paris, located in a building dating back to the 1930's in a residential, stylish district close to Ternes and steps from the Arc de Triomphe, a quaint area full of trinket shops, brasseries and cafés. The apartment opens onto the living area, furnished with a table and a white fireplace dating back to the 1930’s and surmounted by a mirror; next to is there is the chest of drawers with TV set.  On the left there is a standing lamp, a sofa bed (140 cm) and a small table. On the left you find the corridor leading to the back of the house: immediately on the right is the bedroom with double bed (140 cm) and wardrobe, whilst at the end there is the brand-new kitchen with worktop (with plenty of appliances) and a 4-seater dining table. The bathroom is fitted with shower cubicle, basin and toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment, and have full use of the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided for free. Upon arrival we will be waitin
25	Our flat is yours ! You can choose your bedroom: gypsie style or design. We have a large living room in where you can chill out whenever you want !  Nous vous accueillons dans notre 3 pièces. Il y a un grand salon dont vous pourrez pleinement profiter ainsi que deux chambres. Vous avez la possibilité de choisir la vôtre: design ou ethnique.   Une partie de l'appartement donne sur cour, l'autre sur une petite rue.  	At 5 min-walk from Montmartre you'll find our haven. Our apartment is bright, cozy and typically Parisian with its old wood floor.  À 5min à pied de Montmartre vous trouverez notre havre de paix. Il est lumineux, cosy, tout en vieux parquet.  Our flat is yours ! You can choose your bedroom: gypsie style or design. We have a large living room in where you can chill out whenever you want !  Nous vous accueillons dans notre 3 pièces. Il y a un grand salon dont vous pourrez pleinement profiter ainsi que deux chambres. Vous avez la possibilité de choisir la vôtre: design ou ethnique.   Une partie de l'appartement donne sur cour, l'autre sur une petite rue.  Both born and raised in Paris, we'll be glad to give you some advise about the neighborhood and the place we love in the city.  En plus de vous faire profiter de toutes les parties communes à votre guise, nous serons ravies de vous fournir un carnet d'adresses, vous conseiller sur les restaurants, les lieux à visiter, etc.  The neighborh
26	Come enjoy a wonderful stay in our conveniently located apartment in Champs Elysees neighborhood. Subway train, buses, bars, shops, restaurants are all just minutes away.  The sofa bed is in our living room which is open to our kitchen. It is quiet and comfortable, a great place to lounge and sleep.	Nice flat at less than 5 minutes by walk of the Champs Elysées. Calm neighborhood. Come enjoy a wonderful stay in our conveniently located apartment in Champs Elysees neighborhood. Subway train, buses, bars, shops, restaurants are all just minutes away.  The sofa bed is in our living room which is open to our kitchen. It is quiet and comfortable, a great place to lounge and sleep. You have access to our WIFI, TV, washing machine, fridge, kitchen, microwave, and bathroom. Towels and toiletries are also provided. There is an open-air market and lots of cafés, pubs, restaurants, supermarkets, groceries... We are close from the station Charles de Gaulle – Étoile (Arc De Triomphe) where there are lines : Subway 1, 2, 6 and RER A and lot of bus lines (line 22, line 30, line 31, line 52, line 73…) !
27	L'appartement comprend une chambre séparée (lit double), une SDB (avec baignoire), une cuisine équipée et un agréable séjour.  Il est bien aménagé: Tv, machine à laver, wifi, lave-vaisselle. Il est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur.	Bel appartement parisien en plein cœur des Batignolles (Paris 17). Ce quartier plein d'âmes offre des restaurants à chaque coin de rue, des petites boutiques de déco, de mode... Situé au 5ème étage, il offre une vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris! L'appartement comprend une chambre séparée (lit double), une SDB (avec baignoire), une cuisine équipée et un agréable séjour.  Il est bien aménagé: Tv, machine à laver, wifi, lave-vaisselle. Il est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Métro à 5 minutes à pied, de nombreux bus et station de vélib!
28		Situé à 5 mn du métro Brochant et à deux pas du quartier des Batignolles, Cet appartement de 32 m2 calme et lumineux refait à neuf est un lieu idéal pour passer à deux quelques jours de vacances à Paris.  Au dernier étage d'un immeuble, sans vis à vis, il dispose d'une chambre avec lit double, une salle de bain, un salon/cuisine tout équipé avec four micro-onde, plaques vitro céramiques, lave linge (sèche linge) et de nombreux rangements,  Wi Fi, TV. Canapé convertible. Appartement situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, voyagez donc léger ! Vous résiderez dans le quartier des Batignolles, nous pourrions dire « le village » des Batignolles. La vie dans ce quartier ne ressemble en rien à la vie parisienne actuelle. Allez vite vous promener vers la place de l’église où vous pourrez prendre un verre à la terrasse de nombreux cafés ou restaurants dans la petite rue piétonne qui jouxte l’église. Ici, c’est le PARIS tel qu’on l’aime, on pourrait se croire quelques décennies en arrière, le PARIS 
29	Located avenue de Wagram, near Place des Ternes and 10 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees, this charming 10 square meters studio is the perfect place to stay to discover the heart of Paris. Located at the 6th floor of a typical Haussmanian building of the 17th district, the studio is near metro, buses and RER stations. It's very useful, equipped with a double bed, a bathroom including a shower and a toilet and a kitchenette. This place is a real cute bird's nest.	Located avenue de Wagram, near Place des Ternes and 10 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees, this charming 10 square meters studio is the perfect place to stay to discover the heart of Paris. Located at the 6th floor of a typical Haussmanian building of the 17th district, the studio is near metro, buses and RER stations. It's very useful, equipped with a double bed, a bathroom including a shower and a toilet and a kitchenette. This place is a real cute bird's nest.
30		Studio (22sqm)in Batignolles area ( 17eme ),close to Monceau Parc (15 min walk),Pigalle (10min walk ),Mont-Matre ( 15 min walk),Opera ( 20 min walk),Galeries la Fayette ( 15 min walk) and   Arc de triomphe . Very close to the 2 et 13 subway lines.
31	"Between the Champs Elysees and Montmartre, calm apartment on courtyard side, very luminous (South East exposure). At the heart of the Batignolles neighborhood inside Paris, called ""the village"", you have immediate access to an large amount of pretty streets typically Parisian cafes, bars and modern art galleries.  Totally refurbished and fully equipped (Micro wave, oven, washing machine/tumble driver, dish washer, TV with 195 channels including channels in English, Italian, Spanish, Chinese, Russian, Arabic..., WIFI Internet, linen and towels) you will not miss anything during your stay. The apartment is equipped with a large double bed and a sofa bed for 2 people. The flat is composed of a kitchen open on the living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, separated toilets and a small lobby. The apartment is located less than 5 minutes walk from ""Place de Clichy"" metro (subway lines 2 and 13). You will live at 3 stations from Montmartre (Take the direct line 2, exit at ""Anvers""), 2 stations from"	"Between the Champs Elysees and Montmartre, calm apartment on courtyard side, very luminous (South East exposure). At the heart of the Batignolles neighborhood inside Paris, called ""the village"", you have immediate access to an large amount of pretty streets typically Parisian cafes, bars and modern art galleries.  Totally refurbished and fully equipped (Micro wave, oven, washing machine/tumble driver, dish washer, TV with 195 channels including channels in English, Italian, Spanish, Chinese, Russian, Arabic..., WIFI Internet, linen and towels) you will not miss anything during your stay. The apartment is equipped with a large double bed and a sofa bed for 2 people. The flat is composed of a kitchen open on the living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, separated toilets and a small lobby. The apartment is located less than 5 minutes walk from ""Place de Clichy"" metro (subway lines 2 and 13). You will live at 3 stations from Montmartre (Take the direct line 2, exit at ""Anvers""), 2 stations from"
32	Nice flat (30 m²) with two different rooms. Very quiet, facing a small and quiet yard, on the 1st and last floor. Very pleasant neighborhood. There is a room with a bed for two people. Fully equipped: high-speed Internet, WiFi, phone, HD TV, ... The kitchen includes an oven, a microwave, two heating plates, a toaster, an electric kettle and a washing machine. As well as all the tools needed for cooking. The linen and the towels are included in the price. The flat is located near the Batignolles neighborhood. You will be in a charming area with numerous restaurants and bars, clothing stores, excellent bakeries, food markets... And few steps away from all the beautiful Parisian monuments. Subway: - Brochant line 13 RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK): - Place de Clichy RER C SNCF(FRENCH NATIONAL RAILWAY COMPANY): - Station Pont Cardinet  Bus: - Line 31, lines 66, lines 74, lines 54... 	Our cool and comfortable one bedroom apartment with exposed brick has a true city feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street. Enjoy an easy access to all major subway lines! Nice flat (30 m²) with two different rooms. Very quiet, facing a small and quiet yard, on the 1st and last floor. Very pleasant neighborhood. There is a room with a bed for two people. Fully equipped: high-speed Internet, WiFi, phone, HD TV, ... The kitchen includes an oven, a microwave, two heating plates, a toaster, an electric kettle and a washing machine. As well as all the tools needed for cooking. The linen and the towels are included in the price. The flat is located near the Batignolles neighborhood. You will be in a charming area with numerous restaurants and bars, clothing stores, excellent bakeries, food markets... And few steps away from all the beautiful Parisian monuments. Subway: - Brochant line 13 RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK): - Place de Clichy RER C SNCF(FRENCH NAT
33	Very calm and luminous, with all comodities, the location offered access to many bars, restaurants and parcs around.	"Nice, calm and luminous 2 bed room apartment in Paris, close from ""Montmartre"", in the heart of the ""Batignolles"". Bel appartement, calme et lumineux. 2 chambres (3/4 couchages). Au cœur du quartier des batignolles, et à 10min pied de Montmartre et de Pigalle. Métro : ligne 2 et 13 Very calm and luminous, with all comodities, the location offered access to many bars, restaurants and parcs around. Parc des batignolles, Pigalle, Montmartre. Restaurants, marché, bars. Non"
34	A large room, in 2 parts : room/bathroom and a living room/kitchen.  Very sunny, with exposed beams.  Located in a pedestrian street, with trees, flowers and birds where Jacques Brel lived.  Baby bed available.	Charming, large, modern and sunny. Fully refurbished avril 2015  Perfect for 2 : 25 m2 In a pedestrian street, with trees and birds. It's possible in Paris !! Familial neighboughood, a lot of restaurants.  3 ms from metros A large room, in 2 parts : room/bathroom and a living room/kitchen.  Very sunny, with exposed beams.  Located in a pedestrian street, with trees, flowers and birds where Jacques Brel lived.  Baby bed available. King bed (140 cm), fully equiped kitchen: oven, micro-waves, washing machine, dish washer, glass cooktop, fridge, a table, a small sofa bed (for a child), bathroom with shower and a separated toilets. Independant heating. Entrance from a private garden Pedestrian street, very calm; 2 nd floor, 3 windows both sides We live in this big house and will be very happy to welcome you, to present you the good spots : bakeries, bars, restaurants, and news places to see... Le quartier des Batignolles est à la fois central et très calme. Beaucoup de restaurants et bars a
35	Vous disposerez de tout l'appartement de 32m2, c'est-à-dire, une salle de bain (douche, lavabo et wc), une cuisine, salon avec canapé transformable en lit pour coucher deux personnes. Enfin une chambre avec un grand lit deux places, un lit une place et un lit pour bébé.	Vous disposerez de tout l'appartement de 32m2, c'est-à-dire, une salle de bain (douche, lavabo et wc), une cuisine, salon avec canapé transformable en lit pour coucher deux personnes. Enfin une chambre avec un grand lit deux places, un lit une place et un lit pour bébé. Situé au fond d'une cour au calme Habitant à coté, je reste à votre disposition si besoin en cas d'urgence ou de petits conseils. Situé aux Batignoles, vous êtes dans un quartier très commerçant. A 2 pas de l'avenue de Clichy qui ne dort jamais, profiter d'un quartier animé. A 100 mètres du métro Brochant et à 15 minutes avec le bus 31 des Champs Elysées. Je vous laisserai un plan de métro sur la table.
36	Studio de 15 mètres carré de superficie avec canapé-lit véritable haut de gamme, avec sommier, d'un confort  équivalent avec celui d'un lit véritable. Equipements : Plaque de cuisson vitro-céramique, grille pain, cafetière, bouilloire, four- micro-onde Toilettes sur le pallier avec clé.	Studio de 15 mètres carré de superficie au sol, 6ème étage avec ascenseur situé Rue Jouffroy d'Abbans 75017 Paris Studio de 15 mètres carré de superficie avec canapé-lit véritable haut de gamme, avec sommier, d'un confort  équivalent avec celui d'un lit véritable. Equipements : Plaque de cuisson vitro-céramique, grille pain, cafetière, bouilloire, four- micro-onde Toilettes sur le pallier avec clé. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout le studio. Assistance disponible à tout moment par téléphone, email et déplacement si nécessaire. Pont Cardinet (Rer C), Malesherbes (Ligne 9), Wagram (Ligne 9) Depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle : Rer B Direction Saint Remy Les Chevreuses descendre à Chatelet Rer A Direction Cergy Le Haut descendre à Auber RER C Direction Becon Les Bruyeres Descendre a Pont Cardinet Les toilettes (WC) sont sur le palier mais utilisés uniquement par le locataire de l'appartement. Elles sont fermés à clé.
37	Appartement 3/4 pièces de charme sous les toits au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, baigné de lumière , exposition idéale  Situé au coeur de Paris entre Montmartre et l'Etoile, dans un quartier d'artistes et artisans les Batignolles, renommé pour son ambiance village, très pittoresque. Grand séjour, cuisine semi-ouverte mode atelier, 2 chambres, 1 salle d'eau, 1 salle de bains La rue des dames est dans le 17ème , entre le 8ème et le 18ème Le marché bio historique de Paris a lieu le samedi matin boulevard des Batignolles à deux pas.  + rues commercantes, marché couvert Environnement proche: Théâtres, salles de concert, cinémas, restaurants   Entre 10 et 20 mn à pied: - Gare Saint-Lazare , Galeries Lafayette et Printemps, place de -  l'Opéra, Montmartre, place de l'Etoile,  parc Monceau Métro: Place de Clichy ou Rome  nombreuses lignes d'autobus place de Clichy 	Un appartement typiquement parisien calme et ensoleillé avec vue sur les toits dans un quartier très vivant proche de la Place de Clichy Petits commerces, bars et restaurants et le marché bio du samedi ont rendu célèbre le village des Batignolles! Appartement 3/4 pièces de charme sous les toits au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, baigné de lumière , exposition idéale  Situé au coeur de Paris entre Montmartre et l'Etoile, dans un quartier d'artistes et artisans les Batignolles, renommé pour son ambiance village, très pittoresque. Grand séjour, cuisine semi-ouverte mode atelier, 2 chambres, 1 salle d'eau, 1 salle de bains La rue des dames est dans le 17ème , entre le 8ème et le 18ème Le marché bio historique de Paris a lieu le samedi matin boulevard des Batignolles à deux pas.  + rues commercantes, marché couvert Environnement proche: Théâtres, salles de concert, cinémas, restaurants   Entre 10 et 20 mn à pied: - Gare Saint-Lazare , Galeries Lafayette et Printemps, place de -  l
38	This apartment, fully renovated 6 months ago, is ideal for experiencing the Paris lifestyle.  Located on the 6th floor, climbing up the stairs will be fully rewarded by the sunny view on Paris rooftops (no lift). Original wooden floors, many windows, one bathroom included, separate bedroom with comfortable king size double bed. Bath towels and bedsheets / blankets are provided. Fully equipped (wi-fi, TV, electrical heating, hairdryer, washer, oven, gas stove, microwave, separate WC), you will feel at home whilst visiting Paris. The apartment is facing a quiet one-way street. All amenities are on your doorstep: bakeries, supermarkets, greengrocers, a large choice of quality restaurant and wine bars. We will be delighted to give you a list of best shipping places/restaurants/bars for the best of your Paris trip. Ideally located close to Montmartre, Parc Monceau, Opéra, you can easily visit Paris's main landmarks either by foot or with a few stops by public transportation. Spoken language	"Typical Parisian apartment, 42m², filled with light, is located in the heart of lively and trendy ""Batignolles"" area and in a walking distance to Montmartre. Metro ""Rome"" (line 2) and ""La Fourche"" (line 13) are both 5 minutes away. This apartment, fully renovated 6 months ago, is ideal for experiencing the Paris lifestyle.  Located on the 6th floor, climbing up the stairs will be fully rewarded by the sunny view on Paris rooftops (no lift). Original wooden floors, many windows, one bathroom included, separate bedroom with comfortable king size double bed. Bath towels and bedsheets / blankets are provided. Fully equipped (wi-fi, TV, electrical heating, hairdryer, washer, oven, gas stove, microwave, separate WC), you will feel at home whilst visiting Paris. The apartment is facing a quiet one-way street. All amenities are on your doorstep: bakeries, supermarkets, greengrocers, a large choice of quality restaurant and wine bars. We will be delighted to give you a list of best shipping pla"
39	A lovely 2 bedroom, street-level appartment, in the 17th arrondissement.  Possibility for 1 extra people to sleep on a matress.  The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries, pharmacies steps away from the appartment.  Close to local bars and restaurants on the incredible rue Legendre. LOCATION:  The nearest metro metro Brochant, on line 13.  Buses: 74 (To Hotel de Ville)  The famous flea market is just a 10 mins walk away, Close all to the main sites: Montmartre , the Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge,Pigalleor les abbesses, but at the same time you are surrounded by only Parisien locals at home. From CDG Airport: take the RER B train to Gare du Nord, the  metro line 2 to place Clichy then line 13 Brochant AMENITIES:  The apartment features a spacious living room with a double sofa-bed, full bath and plenty of hot water, high ceilings and full american size kitchen with gas stove. It is fully equipped with all modern conveniences: TV with channels in english and french	A lovely 2 bedroom, street-level appartment, in the 17th arrondissement.  Possibility for 1 extra people to sleep on a matress.  The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries, pharmacies steps away from the appartment.  Close to local bars and restaurants on the incredible rue Legendre. LOCATION:  The nearest metro metro Brochant, on line 13.  Buses: 74 (To Hotel de Ville)  The famous flea market is just a 10 mins walk away, Close all to the main sites: Montmartre , the Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge,Pigalleor les abbesses, but at the same time you are surrounded by only Parisien locals at home. From CDG Airport: take the RER B train to Gare du Nord, the  metro line 2 to place Clichy then line 13 Brochant AMENITIES:  The apartment features a spacious living room with a double sofa-bed, full bath and plenty of hot water, high ceilings and full american size kitchen with gas stove. It is fully equipped with all modern conveniences: TV with channels in english and french
40	Flat of 32m² on the 7th floor of a recent building on the front of a parc. The flat is composed of a large main room (17m²) with sunny balcony until the beginning of the afternoon, a big bathroom with italian shower and a functional separate kitchen.	"Flat of 32m2 on the 7th floor of a recent building in front of a beautiful park with a balcony where you can take sunny breakfasts/lunches. It's a peaceful area between the Parisian trendy agitation of Place Clichy and the fancy Batignolles area. Flat of 32m² on the 7th floor of a recent building on the front of a parc. The flat is composed of a large main room (17m²) with sunny balcony until the beginning of the afternoon, a big bathroom with italian shower and a functional separate kitchen. You can acces to the building by ""métro"" (parisian subway) from ""Brochant"" station (few minutes by foot) or by bus on front of the building (lets see details in the ""transports section""). Go to ""Bloc bar"" which is a cheap Restaurant at the street corner.  Eat a ""bobun"" ( Vietnamese dish) at Aname Buy vinyls in Rue Brochant.  Buy cookies in Place des Batignolles.  Make a jogging in park Martin Luther King (in front of the building) Make a ""petanque"" (typically French game) to the club of Batignolle"
41	Logement Parisien typique des années 30's. Salon et chambre d'environ 15m² chacun (la chambre étant un vrai lieu de vie à cette époque). Parquet à l'ancienne (donc qui craque un peu) et cheminée dans la chambre. Vraiment bien positionnée : - 2 stations de métro à 500m, Ligne 13 (Brochant et Guy Môquet) pour aller à Montparnasse, aux Champs Elysées, au Stade de France directement - Station du RER C, Porte de Clichy à 750 m - 3 Bus (Lignes 31, 66 et 85) permettant des accès rapide et directs à l'Arc de Triomphe (31), l'Opéra Garnier (66), la place du Chatelet (85)	Appartement du 17ème dans le quartier familiale des Epinettes. 2 stations de Métro à proximité (Guy Môquet et Brochant) permettant un accès rapide aux Champs Elysées. Quartier vivant avec des commerces mais appartement au calme donnant sur la nature. Logement Parisien typique des années 30's. Salon et chambre d'environ 15m² chacun (la chambre étant un vrai lieu de vie à cette époque). Parquet à l'ancienne (donc qui craque un peu) et cheminée dans la chambre. Vraiment bien positionnée : - 2 stations de métro à 500m, Ligne 13 (Brochant et Guy Môquet) pour aller à Montparnasse, aux Champs Elysées, au Stade de France directement - Station du RER C, Porte de Clichy à 750 m - 3 Bus (Lignes 31, 66 et 85) permettant des accès rapide et directs à l'Arc de Triomphe (31), l'Opéra Garnier (66), la place du Chatelet (85) A l'ensemble de l'appartement et ses commodités (sauf les denrées alimentaires personnelles à savoir le vin, l'alcool, la nourriture). Je les accueille directement et reste disponi
42	Type Haussmann, Hungarian parquet, moldings, fireplace, bright, 2 bedrooms, living room, bedroom, bathroom with bath, separate toilet, separate kitchen. Located on the 4th floor.  Sheets, towels are provided.	2-room apartment 38 m2 is in a building Haussmann and situated in the 17th, in 2 no subways Rome, Place of Clichy, Fork (line 2 and 13), close to all the Parisian sites to be visited. It is in a lively area. Type Haussmann, Hungarian parquet, moldings, fireplace, bright, 2 bedrooms, living room, bedroom, bathroom with bath, separate toilet, separate kitchen. Located on the 4th floor.  Sheets, towels are provided. Near the metro, most visited sites. The Batignolles is ideally located in the center of Paris, near the Champs Elysees, department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps), Montmartre (Sacred Heart), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Gare St Lazare... Several restaurants nearby, several bakeries and supermarkets, neighborhood life. Exchange of cultures and travel. Lively area, close to the most visited sites (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysées, Opera...) it has several restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacies, transport there Near Rome metro (line 2), Place de Clichy (lines 2 a
43	The apartment is fully equipped (wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, blender), and has a private courtyard ideal for summer lunches. The bathroom is in the bedroom (you have to enter the bedroom to go in the bathroom).	"This typically Parisian apartment, with mouldings and chimney, is ideal for a couple, and can host up to three persons (there's an additional single mattress for the living room). It's ideal during the summer with its courtyard and cool temperature The apartment is fully equipped (wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, blender), and has a private courtyard ideal for summer lunches. The bathroom is in the bedroom (you have to enter the bedroom to go in the bathroom). I mostly rent my apartment when I'm traveling, so I may not be there to welcome you. In that case, my neighbor (an Airbnb host herself) will be the one to welcome you. In any cases, I'll be more than happy to recommend restaurants, bars, and secret spots to visit. My apartment is in the neighborhood of Les Batignolles, one of Paris' last secrets: a ""small village"" with its daily market, its church square, its reknown garden and many authentic and cool restaurants. Shops are open until 10pm!  You're at : - 10 minutes away from M"
44	Beau 2 pièces de 33 m2 dans la Plaine Monceau refait entièrement à neuf, complètement équipé. Beautiful 2 bedrooms apartment of 33 sq.m in La Plaine Monceau. Fully renovated and fully equiped. 	Parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris. A 15 minutes du Sacré-Coeur et des Champs Elysées.  Perfect place to stay for discovering Paris. 15 minutes from Sacré-Coeur or Champs Elysées Beau 2 pièces de 33 m2 dans la Plaine Monceau refait entièrement à neuf, complètement équipé. Beautiful 2 bedrooms apartment of 33 sq.m in La Plaine Monceau. Fully renovated and fully equiped. 7 minutes à pied du métro Villiers (ligne 2 et 3) en passant par la rue de Lévis et tous ses commerces (supermarché, primeurs,  banques, restaurants). 2 minutes à pied des bus 53, 31 et de la gare de Pont cardinet. 7 minutes of walk from the subway station Villiers (ligne 2 & 3) through rue de Lévis and all the shops (supermarket, greengrocer, banks, restaurants). 2 minutes walk from the bus stop 53, 31 and from the train station Pont Cardinet. Nous répondons rapidement aux mails ! We answer quickly to emails ! Quartier-village de la rue de Lévis, des Batignolles, avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants, cafés ave
45	Hi travelers, I invite you to discover my flat in the 17th quarter of Paris, a two minute walk to Batignolles and a 15-20 minute walk to Montmartre! The studio of 20m² (I draw your attention to the surface area because the airbnb's pictures are advantageous) has a 2-seater sofa, an equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. The building is quiet and secure ( security code ) .	Pretty flat, 2 minutes walk from the charming village of Batignolles and 15-20 minutes walk from Montmartre. Welcome to my home! Hi travelers, I invite you to discover my flat in the 17th quarter of Paris, a two minute walk to Batignolles and a 15-20 minute walk to Montmartre! The studio of 20m² (I draw your attention to the surface area because the airbnb's pictures are advantageous) has a 2-seater sofa, an equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with bath and separate toilet. The building is quiet and secure ( security code ) . Guests are free to enjoy the flat.  Please don't forget to bring your towels ! It's my pleasure to welcome you in person, and to give you all the information you'll need to feel at home. In case of unavailability my friend will guide you ! And for all the good addresses of bars / restaurants / shops, I will also leave for you my little notebook of curiosities... Paris is yours ! - From Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport (50 minute ride approximately):  1. Take RER B
46	L'appartement est situé au RDC dans la cour avec un petit jardin.  En été il fait frais. Très calme.	Apartment with a terrace in the heart of a charming & quiet neighbourhood. Organic market, groceries, bakeries, bars and nice old bistro. A square & a big park (walking, jogging, pic-nick) 5 min walk. Montmartre 15 min walk. Metro& taxi 5 min walk. Living room, terrace, kitchen, bathroom I could plan their trip, suggest places of interest to visit in Paris. I also offer walking tours in my favourite districts. Metro & taxi station  5 min walk. Line 13, Brochant
47	Very calm and nice apartment with a very cool owner. Recently renovated and totally equipped  ( wi-fi included )  . Underground: line 13- stations: Guy Moquet, Brochant, La Fourche ; line 2 : Place de Clichy	Travel of your dreams with a small budget? It's possible!!! I offer a sofa in my small living room in heart of 17th zone of Paris.  Very nice recently renovated app in 15 min walking distance from Montmartre and Pigalle. Don't  hesitate,  book now!!! Very calm and nice apartment with a very cool owner. Recently renovated and totally equipped  ( wi-fi included )  . Underground: line 13- stations: Guy Moquet, Brochant, La Fourche ; line 2 : Place de Clichy Totally equipped (except TV). Hi speed internet connection, bathroom, kitchen with microwave, cooker, dishwasher, wash machine. Depends on travelers and if they want to have any interaction . Great area with a lots of pubs, bars and  small  restaurants which propose good meals for nice prices. Many small stores and  big supermarket SITIS which stay opened until very late ( 1 am for SITIS) . Pigalle and Montmartre -15 minutes walking distance :) By underground - 2 lines: 13&2 : buses 31,54,81 as well as night buses. No parking place for
48	My appartement is rather spacious. You will stay in bed chambre . The bed has an extremely confortable mattress.	A  great spot to visit Paris : shared accommodation in a tailormade 45m2 , near Champs Elysees.   Welcome to Paris! My appartement is rather spacious. You will stay in bed chambre . The bed has an extremely confortable mattress. We will share the bathroom (with bath)and you will have a full access to my kitchen, with coffee and tea at your disposal.  Bed linen and towels are provided. Wi-fi available Best situated place near Champs Elysées with lots of restaurants, bars, food shops as well as clothes shops,  My flat is 20 minut walk from Eiffel Tower Easy access  to several Metro stations ( Line 1 and 6) , RER -C to Versailles , velib (parisien city bike) Bus to airport Beauvais and airport Charles de Gaulle is 5 minut from home
49		Appartement 1 pièce calme et propre, proche du métro Wagram à quelques centaines de mètre de l'arc de triomphe. Équipé totalement et convient parfaitement pour un séjour agréable de courte durée Bon voyage ;)
50	88 meters squares with 3 rooms.	"There are 3 rooms in the apartment with one living room. The apartment is quiet big with is 88meters square which is rare for this price in Paris.  The neighborhood is the 17th which is the best Paris neighborhood s, as you know If you are Parisian. 88 meters squares with 3 rooms. you will have acess to all the apartment i will explain you wher to see the best of Paris the neighborhood is the most attractif for parisian people. In fact there are nice bars, restaurant, all shops your need and there are the park monceau and park of batignolles where you can do many sports. Moreover it s one of the only neighborhood where there are kind of a village life with nice bakerys and meatman (and not only supermarket). You have the metro ""villiers"" and ""malesherbes"" next to the apartment. You are 5 stations to the center and also five stations to Montmartre."
51	Lieu avec commerce, parcs, a proximité( cinémas, Pigalles ,les champs ÉLYSÉES, les grands magasins, Opéra.	               Chambre dans appartement de 4 pièces , grand salon en commun avec balcon .Situé dans un quartier  plein de charme l'immeuble donne sur une place avec une église  . Square et parc , commerce , métro a proximité. pleins sud .        Lieu avec commerce, parcs, a proximité( cinémas, Pigalles ,les champs ÉLYSÉES, les grands magasins, Opéra. Ligne 2, 3 ,13. J'aime le charme du quartier sympathique  commerce , cafés restaurants vie de quartier tranquile. ligne 2,3, 13
52	Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé.	Apparte situé entre les Batignolles & la Place de Clichy (proche de Pigalle & du Sacré Coeur) au 5éme étage avec ascenceur. Chambre cosy + petit balcon (vue sur Tour Eiffel) + une salle de bain. Accès à une partie du grand salon avec balcon. Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé. Accés aux sanitaires, à la cuisine, buanderie, à une partie du salon avec grand balcon et vue sur les toits de Paris. Mon numéro perso vous sera communiqué. Ainsi une aide sera apportée 24h/24h concernant toutes questions ou problèmes relatifs à l'appartement ou autres. Placé entre la Place de Clichy & le square des Batignolles, le quartier est dynamique grâce à la multitude de restaurants, de bars & de commerces. Il est également proche de Pigalle ainsi que de Montmartre et son Sacré -Coeur. L'appartement est situé à côté du métro Rome L2 ainsi que de la Place de Clichy L2 + L13. Possibilité de se garer en voiture en fonction des places disponibles dans la rue. Le sens de l'accueil pou
53	Hi guys! The flat is 85m2 and is located in Batignolle's neighborhood. It is composed with a big living room, three nice bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The flat is very calm because facing a little courtship. The bedroom we rent is sunny and very quiet because it is in front of the courtship. The apartment is situated in Batignolle's area, which is very popular and typical french neighborhood. Here you will find lots of cafés and very good french restaurants and also a great market where you can find fruits,vegetables,delicious french  cheeses and meats! This neighborhood has also lots of parks if you want to take a walk and be surrounded by trees and little ponds! This apartment is also near of everything you need:a supermarket at the bottom of the building,  2 minutes walk from subway, 5 minutes walk from park and Batignolle's market, 15minutes walk from beautiful Parc Monceau and 15 minutes walk also from the very famous Moulin Rouge!! You can visit and see a lot only by foot (	Hi guys! The flat is 85m2 and is located in Batignolle's neighborhood. It is composed with a big living room, three nice bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The flat is very calm because facing a little courtship. The bedroom we rent is sunny and very quiet because it is in front of the courtship. The apartment is situated in Batignolle's area, which is very popular and typical french neighborhood. Here you will find lots of cafés and very good french restaurants and also a great market where you can find fruits,vegetables,delicious french  cheeses and meats! This neighborhood has also lots of parks if you want to take a walk and be surrounded by trees and little ponds! This apartment is also near of everything you need:a supermarket at the bottom of the building,  2 minutes walk from subway, 5 minutes walk from park and Batignolle's market, 15minutes walk from beautiful Parc Monceau and 15 minutes walk also from the very famous Moulin Rouge!! You can visit and see a lot only by foot (
54	Located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, quiet street and close to all trade and atypical restaurants.	Large, private room with lots of comfort , bright and welcoming . Enjoy the City of Light in its intimacy . Located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, quiet street and close to all trade and atypical restaurants. - Bedroom , kitchen, bathroom, toilet, lounge with TV and sofa I am at your disposal to make your stay in Paris as magical as possible .... Paris has no secrets for me, this city where I live for 20 years !!!! Parisian life quiet but festive. Many bus lines Metro 300 meters. RER C (Eiffel Tower, Versailles ..... ) to 500 meters.
55	L'appartement est situé à proximité de Montmartre (20mn à pieds), du parc monceau (15mn à pieds) et des champs élysées (15minutes de transport en commun ou moins de 30 mn à pieds). L'emplacement de l'appartement est idéal pour se balader et profiter des rues étroites, calmes, et charmantes du quartier. Bel appartement pour visiter paris et avoir accès à tout facilement.	L'appartement, très lumineux, est situé au 1er étage. Il comprend un lit douillet de 2 places dans la chambre, plus un canapé lit confortable de 2 places dans le séjour.  une cuisine séparée entièrement équipée et une salle de douche plus toilettes. L'appartement est situé à proximité de Montmartre (20mn à pieds), du parc monceau (15mn à pieds) et des champs élysées (15minutes de transport en commun ou moins de 30 mn à pieds). L'emplacement de l'appartement est idéal pour se balader et profiter des rues étroites, calmes, et charmantes du quartier. Bel appartement pour visiter paris et avoir accès à tout facilement. Si vous souhaitez avoir quelques adresses ou bons plans pour mieux profiter de votre séjour à Paris, n'hésitez pas à me solliciter et je me ferai un plaisir de vous conseiller selon votre besoin. Il suffit de traverser la rue pour se retrouver dans le quartier des batignolles. C'est un quartier très sympathique avec beaucoup de petites boutiques de vêtements, des petits comm
56	It is a building of good quality, Art Deco-inspired. The studio is on the fourth floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and is open on both sides. This studio is the perfect balance between space, brightness and comfort. Each room covers a large entrance. The main room has a beautiful parquet and a nice and sober decoration. It is made up of a 140 cm double bed, a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a dining table for 4. The tall window leads you to a small balcony with views on the street. The bathroom, with great dimensions, includes a shower cubicle, a washer and toilets. The independent kitchen, overlooking a courtyard, is fully equipped: fridge, hotplates with an extractor hood, a micro-wave and a dishwasher.	In this quiet street located between the place de l’Etoile and the Porte Maillot, it is easy to get around and to stroll. This studio, of interesting proportions, constitutes a place as convenient as pleasant. It is a quality accomodation ! It is a building of good quality, Art Deco-inspired. The studio is on the fourth floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and is open on both sides. This studio is the perfect balance between space, brightness and comfort. Each room covers a large entrance. The main room has a beautiful parquet and a nice and sober decoration. It is made up of a 140 cm double bed, a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a dining table for 4. The tall window leads you to a small balcony with views on the street. The bathroom, with great dimensions, includes a shower cubicle, a washer and toilets. The independent kitchen, overlooking a courtyard, is fully equipped: fridge, hotplates with an extractor hood, a micro-wave and a dishwasher. Very popular, the neighborhood o
57	FOR ONLY ONE PERSON Hello, I offer you this colorful room for one person located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the 5th floor of a traditional charming parisian building (wooden floor, shaft, mouldings). The apartment is located in the very nice Batignolles neighborhood, and has three rooms. I live in the ex-living room, and I rent the two bedrooms. The bathroom and the kitchen are to share. This room is very sunny, overlooking the courtyard, and with a clear view (you can see Eiffel tower in the distance). All the furnitures are recent: king-size bed, desk, bench... The kitchen is very sunny as well and fully-equipped (hot plate, oven/microwave oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine). Bathroom and toilets are separated. Towels and sheets are provided. It's a no smoking apartment. Batignolles is a very nice neighborhood (close to métro Place de Clichy), like a village with his shops (bakery, fruits and vegetables, design...), church, park, restaurants... You're welcome!	FOR ONLY ONE PERSON Hello, I offer you this colorful room for one person located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the 5th floor of a traditional charming parisian building (wooden floor, shaft, mouldings). The apartment is located in the very nice Batignolles neighborhood, and has three rooms. I live in the ex-living room, and I rent the two bedrooms. The bathroom and the kitchen are to share. This room is very sunny, overlooking the courtyard, and with a clear view (you can see Eiffel tower in the distance). All the furnitures are recent: king-size bed, desk, bench... The kitchen is very sunny as well and fully-equipped (hot plate, oven/microwave oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine). Bathroom and toilets are separated. Towels and sheets are provided. It's a no smoking apartment. Batignolles is a very nice neighborhood (close to métro Place de Clichy), like a village with his shops (bakery, fruits and vegetables, design...), church, park, restaurants... You're welcome!
58	"I will be away in Philippines from the (phone number hidden). So the room will be free. My roommate remains in the apartment! He has his own bedroom and the other rooms (living room, kitchen, bathroom) will be shared! He is cool and nice :) Well, I love the building, the quarter Batignolles is one of the lost beautiful, ""chic"", quiet quarter in Paris !"	Hey travelers , I would like to allow you to enjoy a 20m2 room in an apartment of 65 m2 in the amazing quarter of Batignolles, just 14 minutes by subway from the champs Élysées! The room is quite big, quiet, zen and lovely. The apartment is  big & cosy too
59		Charme de l'ancien, je vous propose un petit deux pièces avec parquet. Douillet, vous serez agréablement surpris par le quartier tranquille, très commerçant et proche des lieux touristiques comme l'arc de triomphe ou les Puces.
60		Small but cozy studio for spending a great Holiday or Weekend in Paris Batignolles. Laundry just in front of the building, very traditional french neighborhood, Restaurants, Metro one block away and direct Bus to Champs Elysées. *Air Cushion  French traditional. Surrounded by commerce, Martin Luther King Parc, Square de Batignolles and delicious restaurants. Metro 13 and Bus (phone number hidden) and more
61	Appartement de 30 m2, 2 pieces. Possibilité location long terme. Très bien agencé : Entrée, cuisine américaine, séjours, chambre et salle de bain, 2 grandes fenêtres. Très lumineux inondé de soleil l'après midi.  SALON: Poutres apparentes, tommette au sol. CHAMBRE: Au style très cosy, grand lit 2 places, literie Bultex  très confortable. SALLE DE BAIN: Au style Balinais, tout en bois tropical avec une grande douche 2 places. Le 17 em arrondissement est très centré. La rue de lévis est une rue de marché, et de divers commerçants: Boulangeries, charcuteries, fromageries, librairies, fleuristes..  Mais aussi des boutiques alimentaires comme MONOPRIX et Franprix qui se situ juste en bas de l'immeuble.  Mais aussi des boutiques de vêtements, ou parfumerie comme Sephora, Etam.. Métros possible : Ligne 3 et 2 Villiers et/ou Malesherbes.  Et beaucoup de bus. (Charles de Gaule étoile à 2 stations) Cet appartement est unique car il a beaucoup de charme grâce à ses poutres et ses tomettes au sol 	Appartement de 32 m2, 2 pieces. Aménagé avec style.  Entrée, cuisine, séjour, chambre et salle de bains, 2 grandes fenêtres.  Très lumineux ! Séjours avec poutres apparentes, tomettes d'origines du XVIII au sol. Chambre cosy et confortable, salle de 
62	"Je vous ouvre les portes d'un ""Home sweet home"". Mon appartement est douillet, coloré, chaleureux, à l'image de mes voyages et de ma vie parisienne. La chambre est spacieuse, très calme (elle donne sur la cour). Le couchage est un vrai lit confortable.  Il y a des rangements, un écran et bien sûr, l'accès au WIFI. En résumé, vous êtes dans un vrai lieu de vie, authentique. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous (et non comme dans un hôtel, froid et anonyme !)."	"Chambre privée dans spacieux 2 pièces (56m²) aux couleurs du voyage et au charme des Batignolles. Calme (sur cour), typiquement parisienne, à deux pas de Montmartre, du Moulin rouge, et des transports pour le ""Tout Paris"".  Je vous ouvre les portes d'un ""Home sweet home"". Mon appartement est douillet, coloré, chaleureux, à l'image de mes voyages et de ma vie parisienne. La chambre est spacieuse, très calme (elle donne sur la cour). Le couchage est un vrai lit confortable.  Il y a des rangements, un écran et bien sûr, l'accès au WIFI. En résumé, vous êtes dans un vrai lieu de vie, authentique. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous (et non comme dans un hôtel, froid et anonyme !). Vous avez accès  - à la salle de bain elle est refaite à neuf, moderne, avec douche multi-jets : un vrai bonheur après une journée de ballade à Montmartre ! - à la cuisine :  elle est bien sûr toute équipée, vous pouvez y préparer un sandwich ou un diner de gala :-) ! Je parle français, anglais et espagnol ! J'a"
63		La campagne à Paris ! Situé en plein coeur du quartier vivant et branché des Batignolles, à deux pas des restaurants, commerces & créateurs. Charmant appart de 45m2 niché dans un havre de paix : jardin privatif dans une voie privée fleurie et arborée L'appartement est accessible par de nombreuses stations de métro et bus. Parisien de naissance, je connais parfaitement tous les endroits du quartier et Paris en général. C'est avec plaisir que je vous ferais bénéficier de mes bonnes adresses. Je suis joignable par mail, par téléphone ou physiquement. Quartier très animé, romantique, idéal pour couple, familles, ou personne de passage à Paris. C'est un endroit vivant et très tendance où vous trouverez plein de restaurants et d'endroits sympas, de boutiques de créateurs, et de rues commerçantes charmantes. Tout peut se faire à pieds ! Bus, train, métro, taxi sont à proximité de l'appartement
64		Il s'agit d'un appartement de 2 pièces lumineux, sur cour, au troisième étage sans ascenseur, entièrement équipé, refait à neuf en 2011, parquets anciens. Copropriété très calme et propre. Situé dans la rue Legendre, au pied du métro Guy Moquet
65	in a beautiful atelier renovated in 2012, under a nice glass roof,  ground floor apartment opened onto a private terrace.  Entrance simple for travelers with luggages. Possibility to drop off luggages at any time.  Salon with a comfortable sofa bed, plasma TV, with more than 200 channels (with foreign channels), wireless access and ethernet)  Fitted kitchen (microwave, coffee maker, kettle, mixer etc.) Bedroom : futon 160cm, chest of drawers Bathroom with shower, WC, washing machine, towels dryer) Cleaning checked.  Sheets, covers, towels, household linen included Cleaning and electricity included.  very calm and bright close at hand : subway line 2 and 13.  bus : (phone number hidden) lead to avery arrondissements of Paris.  cinema, theater, supermarket, restaurants (Wepler, Charlot for seafood), bakery, bookshop, tobacconist,  McDonalds, Quick, Starbucks), etc … 10 mn by foot : Sacred Heard Bassilica of Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Abbesses area, Batignolles area.  15 mn by foo	in a beautiful atelier renovated in 2012, under a nice glass roof,  ground floor apartment opened onto a private terrace.  Entrance simple for travelers with luggages. Possibility to drop off luggages at any time.  Salon with a comfortable sofa bed, plasma TV, with more than 200 channels (with foreign channels), wireless access and ethernet)  Fitted kitchen (microwave, coffee maker, kettle, mixer etc.) Bedroom : futon 160cm, chest of drawers Bathroom with shower, WC, washing machine, towels dryer) Cleaning checked.  Sheets, covers, towels, household linen included Cleaning and electricity included.  very calm and bright close at hand : subway line 2 and 13.  bus : (phone number hidden) lead to avery arrondissements of Paris.  cinema, theater, supermarket, restaurants (Wepler, Charlot for seafood), bakery, bookshop, tobacconist,  McDonalds, Quick, Starbucks), etc … 10 mn by foot : Sacred Heard Bassilica of Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Abbesses area, Batignolles area.  15 mn by foo
66	"Lovely, confortable and sunny bedroom with a large bed, big window, desk and place for storing. Computer and Internet into the bedroom. Access to bathroom  and kitchen.  The guest part of the appartment (private bedroom, shared bathroom and shared toilets) is separated to the rest by a large entrance, so privacy is guaranteed but we love to share time in the living room with our guests when they are in the mood for it ! Built in 1950, the building is full of charm and the appartement has been decorated in a mix of modern and romantic style. From the 6th floor, the panorama is beautiful. Neighbours are lovely and the athmosphere very relaxing. The sacré-cœur is at 15 minutes walking. Métro and buses stations are in front of the building. A public swimming pool is at 4 minutes walking  from home. At the same distance is the ""Martin Luther King"" park, for running in the morning or relaxing during the day. Crossing the parc you are in the middle of the quarter ""Les Batignoles"", a ""bobo"" di"	"Lovely, confortable and sunny bedroom with a large bed, big window, desk and place for storing. Computer and Internet into the bedroom. Access to bathroom  and kitchen.  The guest part of the appartment (private bedroom, shared bathroom and shared toilets) is separated to the rest by a large entrance, so privacy is guaranteed but we love to share time in the living room with our guests when they are in the mood for it ! Built in 1950, the building is full of charm and the appartement has been decorated in a mix of modern and romantic style. From the 6th floor, the panorama is beautiful. Neighbours are lovely and the athmosphere very relaxing. The sacré-cœur is at 15 minutes walking. Métro and buses stations are in front of the building. A public swimming pool is at 4 minutes walking  from home. At the same distance is the ""Martin Luther King"" park, for running in the morning or relaxing during the day. Crossing the parc you are in the middle of the quarter ""Les Batignoles"", a ""bobo"" di"
67		Situé au 9ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur, notre appartement est très lumineux et très calme puisqu'il donne sur un petit parc.Notre quartier est très paisible et très sur, tous les commerces et restaurants sont accessibles à pied
68		Dans le quartier des Batignoles, proche de la gare Saint-Lazare et de Montmartre, nous vous proposons une grande chambre au calme avec vue sur cour. Salle de bain, toilettes, cuisine et salon partagés. Nous vous accueillons avec le sourire !
69	SUMMER  Non Smoking Room(s) availability:  Sublet for the whole apt is available this summer and on some weekends. ( 2 bedrooms only in the summer available) Or Temporary Furnished room or apt sublet in summer available(June -August) for those who like to have good light, nice neighbors in a shared apt. Sept to June, shared apt. Some weekends the whole place is available for up to 4 people at a different rate. Entire Apt or room available for entire summer for one person per room or a family type situation. Rental Rates are not the same. It is a three roomed apt with full southern exposure, a view of the Eiffel Tower, wooden floors, internet/ wifi, flat screen tv, washer, kitchen, elevator,, lots of light, full Kitchen, with living area and separate bath and toilet facilities. Nice cozy apt for someone who wants to share the apt.  Linens are included. The entire  three rooms and two bedroom apt is furnished.  There is one semi private room because the rooms are interconnected and I mus	SUMMER  Non Smoking Room(s) availability:   Temporary Furnished sunny room/apt available near Batignolles, Parks nearby, all types of transportation nearby, cozy apt with view of Eiffel Tower. Two rooms available for summer, for two people. SUMMER  Non Smoking Room(s) availability:  Sublet for the whole apt is available this summer and on some weekends. ( 2 bedrooms only in the summer available) Or Temporary Furnished room or apt sublet in summer available(June -August) for those who like to have good light, nice neighbors in a shared apt. Sept to June, shared apt. Some weekends the whole place is available for up to 4 people at a different rate. Entire Apt or room available for entire summer for one person per room or a family type situation. Rental Rates are not the same. It is a three roomed apt with full southern exposure, a view of the Eiffel Tower, wooden floors, internet/ wifi, flat screen tv, washer, kitchen, elevator,, lots of light, full Kitchen, with living area and separate
70	This is my home and I rent it when I travel away from  Paris. It's a very nice & luminous 30 sqm studio on the 6th floor, you can even see the tip of the Eiffel Tower :) It's ideal for a couple or a single traveller willing to visit Paris for a week or the week-end.  Transport: It's a 10 minutes walk from the big Saint Lazare train station, and a 2 minutes walk from the subway station Rome on line 2 (direct access to the Champs Elysées and Montmartre).  Area: It's located in the very nice Batignolles area where you'll find plenty of restaurants with large terrasses during the summer. There are plently of shops around the flat for you to find everything you need	Hi everyone,  This is my home and I rent it when I travel away from  Paris.  It's a very nice 30 sqm studio on the 6th floor, very luminous (south-west exposure)
71		Petit studio aux charmes typiques parisiens (poutres/cheminée/parquet) situé entre parc Monceau et Arc de Triomphe, offre tout confort avec sa vraie sdb, sa cuisine entièrement équipée. Il mesure 15 m2 au 6eme etage avec ascenseur (jusqu'au 5eme) et pourrait accueillir 2 personnes. Le métro Courcelles se trouvent à quelques pas. 
72		Chambre pour deux personnes dans le 17eme. Possibilité d'une 2ème chambre au besoin Séjour possible et petit déjeuner sur demande.  Langue parlé: français, anglais, norvégien  
73	La Villa Montabord est sans doute le seul hôtel particulier de Paris à offrir des chambres d'hôtes chez l'habitant selon la formule Bed and Breakfast. Il est niché au coeur de la Cité des Fleurs, une voie privée dont la génèse remonte à 1847. Un hâvre de paix dans un océan de verdure où l'histoire et l'architecture, de l'époque Napoléon III jusqu'à l'après-guerre, se sont données rendez-vous, pour le plus grand paisir du voyageur. Une adresse privilégiée de Paris, en bordure du quartier familial des Batignolles et à quelques encablures de la butte Montmartre,  l'un des hauts lieux de la vie artistique parisienne. La Villa Montabord a été entièrement rénovée pour offrir à ses hôtes un niveau de confort et d'équipement digne des plus grands hôtels, dans un cadre familial et intimiste. Quatre chambres, d'une surface étonnante (33 à 35 m2), ont été meublées et décorées avec raffinement, mélangeant harmonieusement les éléments architecturaux de style haussmannien et les matériaux ultra-cont	Chambre d'hôtes de haut standing dans un hôtel particulier de 1860, situé dans la Cité des Fleurs, ravissante voie privée et fermée à la circulation du 17ème arrondissement de Paris. 3 autres chambres de même confort sont disponibles à la location. La Villa Montabord est sans doute le seul hôtel particulier de Paris à offrir des chambres d'hôtes chez l'habitant selon la formule Bed and Breakfast. Il est niché au coeur de la Cité des Fleurs, une voie privée dont la génèse remonte à 1847. Un hâvre de paix dans un océan de verdure où l'histoire et l'architecture, de l'époque Napoléon III jusqu'à l'après-guerre, se sont données rendez-vous, pour le plus grand paisir du voyageur. Une adresse privilégiée de Paris, en bordure du quartier familial des Batignolles et à quelques encablures de la butte Montmartre,  l'un des hauts lieux de la vie artistique parisienne. La Villa Montabord a été entièrement rénovée pour offrir à ses hôtes un niveau de confort et d'équipement digne des plus grands hô
74	"You will be close to all monuments of Paris and in the same time you will have nice rest because my flat is on a private garden where you can also have a rest We have also u new big park not very far if you want do jogging. A lot of restaurant and ""café"" all around. I have also a lot of guide books at your disposition but in french."	" One single bedroom (35 euro). Very well situated near Place de Clichy, (two lines metro and 6 lines of bus) 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Comfortable and very quiet, the bedroom is on a private garden. You will be close to all monuments of Paris and in the same time you will have nice rest because my flat is on a private garden where you can also have a rest We have also u new big park not very far if you want do jogging. A lot of restaurant and ""café"" all around. I have also a lot of guide books at your disposition but in french. From the airport CDG take the RER B3 to Gare du Nord, then  the direct tube (number 2, direction Porte Dauphine  ) from station La Chapelle to Place de Clichy. You can also take the bus to Opéra  and take another  bus (95 or 81) to Place de Clichy. From the airport Orly take the bus to Invalide and then  take the direct tube number 13 direction Asnières-Saint  Denis to Place de Clichy. My flat is 3 minutes walk from Place de Clichy : take rue Biot and str"
75		Very elegant Rooftop in the heart of Parc Monceau area 8. Elegance, luxury, hudge space, here we are !  This amazing property is composed by : 5 bedrooms 4 bathrooms 5 toilets 1 big office 1 full equipped kitchen 1 amazing living room   1 dining room  1 landry 1 very mong balcony  5th floor with elevator with an amazing view ! Security 24/7 and alarm
76	Le logement Appartement de 3 pièces comprenant un séjour avec cuisine américaine et 2 chambres. J'occupe la 2ème chambre les weekends.	Dans un appartement de 3 pièces situé dans un quartier vivant et chaleureux, la chambre est lumineuse et spacieuse. Le logement Appartement de 3 pièces comprenant un séjour avec cuisine américaine et 2 chambres. J'occupe la 2ème chambre les weekends.
77	Chambre privée dans un appartement partagé. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement sans restriction, et la chambre avec lit double sera votre espace.	Agréable chambre double, dans un appartement lumineux au cœur du village animé des Batignolles, (17e arr) avec ses bars, restaurants, et commerces.  Accès facile à pied : Sacré cœur, Montmartre, Pigalle, l'Opéra Garnier et les galeries Lafayette. Chambre privée dans un appartement partagé. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement sans restriction, et la chambre avec lit double sera votre espace.
78	Un petit Sofa permet d'avoir un couchage en plus. ans supplément, idéal pour visiter Paris à deux. Je répond très vite aux questions	chambre chez l'habitant indépendante. idéal pour un stage à Paris ou visiter Paris , Metro Place Clichy 75017 1er étage , très calme et éclairée. Chambre équipée de wifi, télévision TNT, douche privative. possibilité 2eme personne sans supplément Un petit Sofa permet d'avoir un couchage en plus. ans supplément, idéal pour visiter Paris à deux. Je répond très vite aux questions Metro Place Clichy, à côté de Montmartre English spoken Quartier très animé le soir, restaurants, bar, théâtre, Moulin rouge, Montmartre à proximité à pied Metro Place Clichy Ligne 13 et 2 Direct pour Place de L’étoile ( arc de triomphe) et Champs Elysées en 10 mn Proximité de Pigalle, Montmartre, Gare St Lazare pour aller à Versailles
79		chez wam c'est bien
80	Cosy flat, with balcony, overlooking on Montmartre, the 17th and 18th arrondissement of Paris. The balcony is accessible from the living room and the bedroom. Ideally located inside Paris, the flat will be an excellent base for your holidays or a short term rental.	Bright 32 m2 apartment with 1 bedroom and long balcony overlooking the living room and bedroom, located on the 6th floor (no elevator). Ideally located inside Paris, it will be the perfect place for your holiday or a short term rental. Cosy flat, with balcony, overlooking on Montmartre, the 17th and 18th arrondissement of Paris. The balcony is accessible from the living room and the bedroom. Ideally located inside Paris, the flat will be an excellent base for your holidays or a short term rental. Full apartment, 32m2, please feel yourself home. The flat is located on the 6th floors and there is no elevator If your in my flat, that means I'm away for business, I won't be around during your stay, but I'm always reachable by email. Feel free to contact me for any question Located in the Batignolles quarter, walking distance to Montmartre, you'll enjoy the area for the distractions (Restaurant, bar, createur shops and leisure) and for the proximity with the heart of Paris (Champs Elysees a
81		Studio de 16m2 au coeur d'un quartier très commerçant et très animé situé rue de Lévis dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris. Le studio est au rez-de-chaussée, dispose d'un lit neuf (1 place), d'une kitchenette toute équipée (plaque, micro-ondes..) Rue de Lévis, au coeur du 17ème arrondissement de Paris Le logement est à proximité du métro Villiers (ligne 2)
82	Le logement se situe dans un quartier vivant et proche de multiples commerces et un marché fréquent. 	Je loue ma chambre dans un appartement de 45m2 (4ème ét', sans ascenseur) dans le 17ème. Bien situé, calme (double vitrage) et cosy. L'appartement est composé de 2 chambres (+ coin salon pour recevoir des amis), cuisine, SDB et toilettes séparées. La chambre est meublée (lit double, penderie), la cuisine également (four, machine à laver etc). La chambre est idéal pour un petit séjour ou pour commencer à chercher un appartement. Vous partagerez l'appartement ma colocataire Le logement se situe dans un quartier vivant et proche de multiples commerces et un marché fréquent. Ma colocataire peut être présente dans l'appartement mais est plutôt indépendante. Elle pourra vous donnez des conseils si vous avez besoin de quoi que ça soit. Beaucoup de petits commerces et nombreux restaurants à proximité (un super brunch en bas de la rue ;) ) A proximité de multiples parcs pour footings et balades. Metro ligne 13 Guy Mocquet ou Brochant
83	Cette chambre est réellement indépendante et vous pouvez avoir accés à la cuisine pour préparer votre petit déjeuner, ou le prendre avec moi , et j'aurais le plaisir de vous dévoiler les secrets pour devenir un vrai Parisien ou une Parisienne 	"Votre chambre privative avec salle de bain et toilettes dans un bel et calme appartement, dans l'authentique quartier des Batignolles, à 5 mns à pied de la place Clichy, et à 10min de Pigalle, Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur.  Mettez Paris à vos pieds! Cette chambre est réellement indépendante et vous pouvez avoir accés à la cuisine pour préparer votre petit déjeuner, ou le prendre avec moi , et j'aurais le plaisir de vous dévoiler les secrets pour devenir un vrai Parisien ou une Parisienne  Je suis trilingue, anglais , espagnol et français et j'adore ma ville et en bon globe trotteur , je vous ouvrirais un Paris hors des sentiers battus.  C'est un quartier très vivant et jeune , original , qui est devenu à la mode , avec plein de commerçants, de bistrots , des espaces verts, as we say Bobo , the new Paris ""bourgeois bohème"", peu touristique et dans son jus, réellement authentique    2 stations de métro , place Clichy et Rome  et 6 lignes de bus qui vous permettront de découvrir tout Pari"
84	Appartement très calme. Chambre donne sur une cour. / Very peaceful apartment.	Appartement confortable et lumineux dans le quartier vivant et agréable des Batignolles.  / A comfy and luminous apartment in a lively and typical neighborhood of Paris, les Batignolles. Appartement très calme. Chambre donne sur une cour. / Very peaceful apartment. Accès à une chambre double privée, cuisine partagée et salle de bain partagée. / Access to the double private bedroom, shared kitchen and shared bathroom. Je parle anglais et allemand. / I can speak english and german. Proche de stations de métro: La Fourche (M 13) et Place de Clichy (M 2 et M 13). Bus, vélib. / Close to metro stations: La Fourche (M 13) and Place de Clichy (M 2 and M 13). Bus, bicycles.
85	"You will be close to all monuments of Paris and in the same time you will have nice rest because my flat is on a private garden where you can also have a rest We have also u new big park not very far if you want do jogging. A lot of restaurants and ""café"" all around. I have also a lot of guide books at your disposition but in french."	"One double bedroom (50 euro). Very well situated near Place de Clichy, (two lines metro and 6 lines of bus) 10 mns walk from Montmartre. Comfortable and very quiet, the bedroom is on a private garden. I have also a single room (35 euro).  You will be close to all monuments of Paris and in the same time you will have nice rest because my flat is on a private garden where you can also have a rest We have also u new big park not very far if you want do jogging. A lot of restaurants and ""café"" all around. I have also a lot of guide books at your disposition but in french. From the airport CDG take the RER B3 to Gare du Nord, then  the direct tube (number 2, direction Porte Dauphine  ) from station La Chapelle to Place de Clichy. You can also take the bus to Opéra  and take another  bus (95 or 81) to Place de Clichy. From the airport Orly take the bus to Invalide and then  take the direct tube number 13 direction Asnière-Saint  Denis to Place de Clichy. My flat is 3 minutes walk from Place "
86	Cute room in a flat near Pigalle, Abbesses is a quick bus ride or a 20 minute walk to Sacre Coeur, and 15 minutes to Moulin Rouge. There is an abundance of restaurants, bars and cafes for a real Parisian experience. You have access to the whole flat including wifi internet, speakers, coffee machine, kitchen and fans for when the weather is hot. The bedroom is large and spacious with a view on the inner courtyard.  We have maps and books available in the flat and we can also give u insider tips on the local area, how to get around and places to visit.	Cute little flat with all the charm of Paris, situated a stones throw from Montmartre and a quick bus ride to the Arc de Triomphe. Great transport links and quiet streets to have a coffee on a sunny terrace. Cute room in a flat near Pigalle, Abbesses is a quick bus ride or a 20 minute walk to Sacre Coeur, and 15 minutes to Moulin Rouge. There is an abundance of restaurants, bars and cafes for a real Parisian experience. You have access to the whole flat including wifi internet, speakers, coffee machine, kitchen and fans for when the weather is hot. The bedroom is large and spacious with a view on the inner courtyard.  We have maps and books available in the flat and we can also give u insider tips on the local area, how to get around and places to visit. Guests have access to the whole flat We're a couple in our early thirties who love the Parisian lifetstyle so can give you advice on where to go out, parties and specia events in Paris. The neighborhood is close to all tourist attracti
87	?	? Salle de bains: baignoire et douche. Cuisine: tous les équipements sauf le lave linge. Il y a une laverie en libre service à 5Om. Suivant l'emploi du temps de chacun, quand nous sommes ensemble dans l'appartement je suis toujours contente d'avoir une conversation avec mon locataire... Rien d'obligatoire malgré tout!! Calme, assez central, bien desservi en transport en commun Metro : Malesherbes ou Wagram Bus : 31 (arret Jouffroy/Tocqueville),  53 (arret Pereire Tocqueville),  PC3 (arrêt Porte d'Asnières)
88	In the heart of the 17th district, 5 minutes walk from the TRENDY area of BATIGNOLLES and 15 minutes walk from the GREAT area of ABBESSES/MONTMARTRE, VERY BRIGHT apartment in DUPLEX with a WONDERFUL VIEW on the SACRE COEUR.  The apartment of 80 m², CHARMING and COMPLETELY RENOVATED, is composed of 2 floors with a full-equipment kitchen, a large living/dining room, 2 double bedrooms + 1 convertible sofa for 2 people, 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets.  DUPLEX really COSY with a NICE and TYPICAL PARISIAN VIEW!  Full-equipment kitchen, Nespresso coffee machine, WiFi, iron, hair dryer ... everything is on your disposal on request.  Small QUIET PRIVATE ROOM on COURTYARD with real 2 places bed and PRIVATE BATHROOM with bathtub and double sink.  Bed linen and towels are provided for your stay. NICE FRENCH BREAKFAST is served in the dining room. Full-equipment kitchen, Nespresso coffee machine, TV, WiFi, computer, printer, iron, hair dryer ...everything is on your disposal on request.  Of course, free	Small QUIET PRIVATE ROOM on COURTYARD with real 2 places bed and PRIVATE BATHROOM with bathtub and double sink. In the heart of the 17th district, 5 minutes walk from the TRENDY area of BATIGNOLLES and 15 minutes walk from the GREAT area of ABBESSES/MONTMARTRE, VERY BRIGHT apartment in DUPLEX with a WONDERFUL VIEW on the SACRE COEUR.  The apartment of 80 m², CHARMING and COMPLETELY RENOVATED, is composed of 2 floors with a full-equipment kitchen, a large living/dining room, 2 double bedrooms + 1 convertible sofa for 2 people, 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets.  DUPLEX really COSY with a NICE and TYPICAL PARISIAN VIEW!  Full-equipment kitchen, Nespresso coffee machine, WiFi, iron, hair dryer ... everything is on your disposal on request.  Small QUIET PRIVATE ROOM on COURTYARD with real 2 places bed and PRIVATE BATHROOM with bathtub and double sink.  Bed linen and towels are provided for your stay. NICE FRENCH BREAKFAST is served in the dining room. Full-equipment kitchen, Nespresso coffee machi
89	The flat is 54 m2, with a living room, a dinning room and a bedroom (king size bed).  You'll be charmed by the bright and friendly atmosphere of this flat. Kitchen all furnished with washing machine. Bathroom and separated toilets. Ideal for couple. EUR 120 per night (min 2 nights). 	Very nice flat in the trendy batignolles district, North West of Paris. Very well connected to subway (line 13 brochant and line 2 Rome) and buses (30, 66, 53). You also have a velib station in front of the building. The flat is 54 m2, with a living room, a dinning room and a bedroom (king size bed).  You'll be charmed by the bright and friendly atmosphere of this flat. Kitchen all furnished with washing machine. Bathroom and separated toilets. Ideal for couple. EUR 120 per night (min 2 nights). Internet & wifi are available of course.  Once the booking is done I send the wifi code and password. Please feel free to contact me for further information. Just outside your door, you'll have the pleasure to discover a lively neighborhood with many shops, restaurants, cafes and the batignolles square. Metro: 13 (brochant) and 2 (Rome) Bus: 66 Velib station
90		Je SOUS LOUE mon appartement (2 pièces/30m²) situé dans le 17ème à Paris (métros Villiers/Rome) tout le mois d'AOÛT (entre le 2 et 28)  ! Appart meublé et équipé (four micro-ondes, plaques, frigo, télé, lave-linge, aspirateur, table à repasser,...)
91	Located in a small street into Paris. Your flat is very lovely and conformatable. We will enjoy our nice living-room very bright and spacious.	"Our flat is located in 17 eme district close to Batignolles neighborhood. 10 min to Place de Clichy/ 15 min to Galeries Lafayettes! Lovely flat for a romantic week! Located in a small street into Paris. Your flat is very lovely and conformatable. We will enjoy our nice living-room very bright and spacious. There is one bedroom, all equipated kitchen and bathroom. A nice living-room of 15m2 ( 2 windows very bright) Batignolles neightborhood is very nice. There is some lovely street, restuanrant and frenchy café. It's like le"" Marais"". Very familial, trendy and hippy neighborhood. Tube Station: Brochant/ Guy Mocquet  Ligne 13"
92		Cocon de 30 m2 au 2ème étage, lumineux,  moderne et fonctionnel situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, à 100 m du parc Martin Luther King, idéal pour un couple. Restaurants, marchés, boutiques, transports à proximité 
93	Brandly renovated, in a very safe and dynamic area. The apartment is sunny and very quite. It's the perfect place if you need to retire and chill after a busy day.  Your ROOM : King Bed. Please notice that I've a cat	Charming and cosy haussmanien apartment close to the Champs Elysees and the Palais des Congrès. The location is very convenient, nearby all the tourist spots ( Triumph Arch, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower ) and the main places for business ( La Defense ) Brandly renovated, in a very safe and dynamic area. The apartment is sunny and very quite. It's the perfect place if you need to retire and chill after a busy day.  Your ROOM : King Bed. Please notice that I've a cat Private BedRoom. The main areas such as the kitchen, living room and the bathroom are SHARED. I will provide you a list of my favorite places in Paris Subway station 1 / 6 / 2 / RER A
94	"L'appartement, très confortable est situé au 5ème étage , et très lumineux (double exposition + puits de lumière).   En entrant, vous trouverez un couloir avec à gauche une pièce à vivre où vous détendre entre salon (grand TV) et salle à manger et à droite, la chambre (fenêtre double vitrage) et son lit double ainsi que la salle de bain. L'appartement est entièrement équipé, et possède tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour un séjour agréable ""sur la capitale!"" (linge, wifi, TV). L'appartement possède toutes les commodités dont vous aurez besoin : machine à laver, grand frigidaire (+ petit réfrigérateur), micro onde et nombreux ustensiles. La salle de bain possède une douche et un lavabo."	"Hello!  Pour une semaine à la découverte de Paris, je vous propose mon agréable appartement de deux pièces, idéalement situé entre les charmant quartier de ""Villiers"" et des ""Batignolles"". L'appartement, très confortable est situé au 5ème étage , et très lumineux (double exposition + puits de lumière).   En entrant, vous trouverez un couloir avec à gauche une pièce à vivre où vous détendre entre salon (grand TV) et salle à manger et à droite, la chambre (fenêtre double vitrage) et son lit double ainsi que la salle de bain. L'appartement est entièrement équipé, et possède tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour un séjour agréable ""sur la capitale!"" (linge, wifi, TV). L'appartement possède toutes les commodités dont vous aurez besoin : machine à laver, grand frigidaire (+ petit réfrigérateur), micro onde et nombreux ustensiles. La salle de bain possède une douche et un lavabo. 2 portes (code + clé)  5ème étage (sur cour et sur rue peu passante) sans ascenceur Metro : Villiers - Rome 10 mn à "
95	Rent a room in a 2 bedroom apartment of 50m2. One other person living in the flat (man, 27 year old, english/french speaker). Luminous apartment, it is located 2 minutes from the metro station Villiers, in the heart of the 17th arrondissement of Paris.  Close to shops, Parc Monceau, 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées or 4 subway stops, Sacré Cœur, Montmartre, . . . Features of the apartment: A living room with a flat screen TV, a hundred TV channels, broadband Internet, wireless, printer, free phone from France to USA A bathroom with a bathtub, sink, toilet A kitchen with all utensils + crockery + oven, microwave, washing machine, cooking surface to induction... 1 room with one bed queensize, a desk, a wardrobe and storage space, towel, bed sheet.	Rent a room in a 2 bedroom apartment of 50m2. One other person living in the flat (man, 27 year old, english/french speaker). Luminous apartment, it is located 2 minutes from the metro station Villiers, in the heart of the 17th arrondissement of Paris.  Close to shops, Parc Monceau, 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées or 4 subway stops, Sacré Cœur, Montmartre, . . . Features of the apartment: A living room with a flat screen TV, a hundred TV channels, broadband Internet, wireless, printer, free phone from France to USA A bathroom with a bathtub, sink, toilet A kitchen with all utensils + crockery + oven, microwave, washing machine, cooking surface to induction... 1 room with one bed queensize, a desk, a wardrobe and storage space, towel, bed sheet.
96		Appartement  deux-pièces charmant et chaleureux, au coeur du quartier de Batignolles, calme et agréable. Il peut accueillir un couple. Bien desservie en métro et bus, permet un accès rapide aux centres d’intérêts de la ville.  
97	FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm (645 sq ft) for rent immediately in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - PARIS 17eme - METRO: VILLIERS The DISTRICT : the apt is in the heart of a cool village vibe, a typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ».  Very central (15mn by walk to Etoile or Montmartre) and very safe. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Monceau district ! 5mn from the metro Etoile (line 2) ! The APPARTMENT : 4th floor in a typical parisien building. Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with a bed 140 with storage, 1 large leaving room with another bed 140, new plasma TV, DVD, Wifi, 1 kitchen with washing machine for clothes, stove, ustensils, toaster, coffee machine etc. and 1 new bathroom. 1 BABY BED is also provided! Very bright with 3 large double windows, the apartment is a clean and well distributed space providing light and comfort. I also sup	FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm for rent in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - Paris 17eme. A typical Parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ».  FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm (645 sq ft) for rent immediately in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - PARIS 17eme - METRO: VILLIERS The DISTRICT : the apt is in the heart of a cool village vibe, a typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ».  Very central (15mn by walk to Etoile or Montmartre) and very safe. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Monceau district ! 5mn from the metro Etoile (line 2) ! The APPARTMENT : 4th floor in a typical parisien building. Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with a bed 140 with storage, 1 large leaving room with another bed 140, new plasma TV, DVD, Wifi, 1 kitchen with washing machine f
98	Hi there,  I rent my flat (20 square meters) which is in one of the oldest, and most typical, parisian district, and in a really typical building : a 1900's one, without lift (5th floor). There's everything you'll need here :  - Towels - Wifi - TV - Coffee machine (Nespresso) - Washing Machine - Fridge - Little kitchen... - Shower Nearby : Parc Monceau, Wagram, Champs-Elysées, Arc de Triomphe... Everything is pretty clean and the WC are on the same floor. See you soon, Bruno.	A small and cozy flat with everything you may need for a lovely and economic stay in Paris, close to the Champs Elysés. Hi there,  I rent my flat (20 square meters) which is in one of the oldest, and most typical, parisian district, and in a really typical building : a 1900's one, without lift (5th floor). There's everything you'll need here :  - Towels - Wifi - TV - Coffee machine (Nespresso) - Washing Machine - Fridge - Little kitchen... - Shower Nearby : Parc Monceau, Wagram, Champs-Elysées, Arc de Triomphe... Everything is pretty clean and the WC are on the same floor. See you soon, Bruno. The whole flat. I won't be home but 24/7 available by phone to assist by phone, and in the same city if my physical presence is needed. Métro : station Malesherbes (3) ou Monceau (2)
99	This newly refurbished flat with wood floors and brick walls is situated in a very clean Haussmann building. We don't live there, it is only used by our Airbnb hosts.	Brick walls flat with: - Living-room (extensible table for 4, TV screen and DVDs)  - Fitted kitchen - Bedroom with balcony - Bathroom with washing machine - Separate WC This newly refurbished flat with wood floors and brick walls is situated in a very clean Haussmann building. We don't live there, it is only used by our Airbnb hosts. If you need anything, we work in the neighborhood and will be there for you! You will find delicious restaurants and boutiques in this very safe area . Famous Parc Monceau is just 5min walking distance and Arc de Triomphe is 10min away. Metro Courcelles at the corner and bus stations around. 5th floor (no lift)
100	Apartment located on the top floor and offers great views over Parisian roofs, high ceilings, renovated by an architect, very charming with a balcony of 10 square meter (Dinner of 4 possible). Well-lit and quiet. 55 square meter on the ground with two loft rooms for with sleeping (10 square meter and 7 square meter) The apartment consists of:  - One bedroom with a double bed on the loft room (Sheets provided). - Second bedroom  with 1 single bed, 1 single bed  in the loft. (Sheets  provided). –  - A living / dining room with a table (dinner for 6), a flat screen TV and wireless internet connection & Hi-Fi –  - A fully equipped kitchen with an induction hobstove, a sink, refrigerator and oven, dishwasher, kettle and Nespresso coffe machine.There is a small dining table for 3 people. -1 cozy bathroom with bath, sink, toilet -1 cozy bathroom with shower, sink, toilet On the subway, you are only 7 minutes away from Montmartre, 10 Mn to Champs Elysées 11 Mn to the Eurostar station and 15mn 	Apartment located on the top floor and offers great views over Parisian roofs, high ceilings, renovated by an architect, very charming with a balcony of 10 square meter (Dinner of 4 possible). Well-lit and quiet. 55 square meter on the ground with two loft rooms for with sleeping (10 square meter and 7 square meter) The apartment consists of:  - One bedroom with a double bed on the loft room (Sheets provided). - Second bedroom  with 1 single bed, 1 single bed  in the loft. (Sheets  provided). –  - A living / dining room with a table (dinner for 6), a flat screen TV and wireless internet connection & Hi-Fi –  - A fully equipped kitchen with an induction hobstove, a sink, refrigerator and oven, dishwasher, kettle and Nespresso coffe machine.There is a small dining table for 3 people. -1 cozy bathroom with bath, sink, toilet -1 cozy bathroom with shower, sink, toilet On the subway, you are only 7 minutes away from Montmartre, 10 Mn to Champs Elysées 11 Mn to the Eurostar station and 15mn 
101		Nice calm and sunny apartement (3 bedrooms 2 double beds and one single, 2 bathrooms,2 toilets,, 1 kitchen, 1 dining room, 1 living room, 1 desk with internet) at 100 meters from Metro station Malesherbes - ideal for visiting Paris for a family (max 6) or couple. Walking distance for shops.
102	This 42 square meters fully equipped apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person. You will find a big living room with an open and full equipped kitchen, a large bathroom and a bright room. The flat is 10 minutes away from l’arc de triomphe and 5 minutes away from 3 different subway stations: Ternes and Courcelles on lign 2 and Wagram on lign 3. The area is perfect to discover Paris, you will also find a small market near the apartment where you will be able to buy fresh product every day. The neighborhood is full of bakeries, cafés and restaurants. Also, the Monceau Park is only 5 minutes away from the flat!  	This 42 square meters fully equipped apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person. You will find a big living room with an open and full equipped kitchen, a large bathroom and a bright room. The flat is 10 minutes away from l’arc de triomphe ! This 42 square meters fully equipped apartment is ideal for 2 or 3 person. You will find a big living room with an open and full equipped kitchen, a large bathroom and a bright room. The flat is 10 minutes away from l’arc de triomphe and 5 minutes away from 3 different subway stations: Ternes and Courcelles on lign 2 and Wagram on lign 3. The area is perfect to discover Paris, you will also find a small market near the apartment where you will be able to buy fresh product every day. The neighborhood is full of bakeries, cafés and restaurants. Also, the Monceau Park is only 5 minutes away from the flat!  Our apartment is quite modern: micro-wave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, washing machine, flatiron ! You also have access to a TV, internet and the PS4 ;). W
103		L'appartement est au 5ème et 6ème étage.  Je suis exclusivement au 5ème étage et vous aurez vos chambres, salle de bain, wc et sallon Télé au 6ème. Nous pourrons nous retrouver au 5ème à la cuisine ou au salon principal pour énormément de convivialité Je peux être très discrète ou vous faire partager toute mon expérience de la vie parisienne pour faire de votre séjour un moment inoubliable Vous serez dans un quartier de parisiens où vous vous sentirez parfaitement chez vous. vous raffolerez du Marché Lévis avec tous ses commerces alimentaires (plus une excellente pâtisserie en bas de l'immeuble), vous irez flaner, courir ou simplement vous balader au Parc Monceau.  Le Metro Villiers est parfait pour arriver ou partir où vous voulez. Il est à 1 Min à pied de chez moi.
104	L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme, au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Il est accessible par un digi-code qui vous sera donné. Il bénéficie d'une double orientation (un côté sur rue, et un côté sur cour), et d'une vue dégagée, ce qui le rend très clair et lumineux toute la journée.  L'appartement fait 38m2 et a deux pièces principales. Le salon est meublé dans un esprit vintage et a un grand canapé. Deux balcons privatifs sont accessibles par de généreuses portes-fenêtres.  La cuisine séparée est ouverte sur le salon et est entièrement équipée (grand frigo-congélateur, plaques de cuisson vitro-céramique, four, bouilloire, cafetière, et divers ustensiles de cuisine). La chambre est très douillette, avec un grand lit queen size. La salle de bain est très propre et saine, avec une fenêtre sur cour et sans vis-à-vis, et équipée d'un lavabo, d'une douche, d'un WC et d'une machine à laver.	Ce charmant deux pièces de 38 m2 est situé au coeur du quartier des Batignolles, au calme, juste à côté de Montmartre ! C'est un appartement parisien typique avec vue dégagée, meublé avec goût, et qui bénéficie de deux balcons très ensoleillés. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme, au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Il est accessible par un digi-code qui vous sera donné. Il bénéficie d'une double orientation (un côté sur rue, et un côté sur cour), et d'une vue dégagée, ce qui le rend très clair et lumineux toute la journée.  L'appartement fait 38m2 et a deux pièces principales. Le salon est meublé dans un esprit vintage et a un grand canapé. Deux balcons privatifs sont accessibles par de généreuses portes-fenêtres.  La cuisine séparée est ouverte sur le salon et est entièrement équipée (grand frigo-congélateur, plaques de cuisson vitro-céramique, four, bouilloire, cafetière, et divers ustensiles de cuisine). La chambre est très douillette, avec un g
105	Very Functional flat with a piano, a bar and nice decorations. I will sleep in the couch, you will have the room and a 160 bed	Come to discover this well decorated flat of 40m² in the nice side of Paris :) Arc de Triomphe and Tennis court. Great neighborhood for a confortable stay. Welcome home !                   Very Functional flat with a piano, a bar and nice decorations. I will sleep in the couch, you will have the room and a 160 bed Piano, Kitchen, Bathroom, Bar, Books In the living room for diner and drinks Very nice neighborhood. Quiet and living. Tens court very near Bus 53 Pereire Tocqueville.  Metro 3 Wagram.  Train Pont cardinet (from Saint lazare).  RER C Pereire.
106	The space is about 14m2. There is a desk, a chair, a bed, a wardrobe and storage space.	The room is part of a shared flat of 3 people. It is close the nice bar and cafe area of Batignolles/Montmartre, supermarkets, metro (5 min). There is a spacious living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet available (and an extra mattress). The space is about 14m2. There is a desk, a chair, a bed, a wardrobe and storage space. You will be able to use the room and common space (bathroom, toilet, kitchen, living room). I will not be in town during your stay, but I will be available by email to answer any of your questions. My two flatmates might be around and are very nice and helpful. The neighbourhood Batignolles is one of hte up-and -coming areas in Paris, with lots of cafes, bars and restaurants around. There are also two parks in walking distance, for running or chilling. The public transport is very easy to access (Line 13, RER C, Line 2). There are also various Velib stations (public bike) around. There are also several buses really close.
107	63 square meters flat, your room has an approximate area of 16m². You'll have full access to the kitchen which is fully equiped, to the bathroom where you can take a bath or a shower. You will also have access to the laundry washing machinefor free, which is in the bathroom.	Your spacious room has a large bed, with a workspace as well as a private TV. The flat has a large living room, a nice kitchen and a comfortable bathroom (+washing machine).  Rue Legendre: easy transportation throughout Paris (lines 13 and 2)! 63 square meters flat, your room has an approximate area of 16m². You'll have full access to the kitchen which is fully equiped, to the bathroom where you can take a bath or a shower. You will also have access to the laundry washing machinefor free, which is in the bathroom. You will have access to the entire flat except for the second room in which I'll  be staying. Your room will be occupied only by yourself. From our flat, it is very easy to go to any place in Paris: Metro line 13 to the center of the city Metro line 2 to the arc de triomphe Several vélib stations nearby ((website hidden) rental bikes)
108	STANDING Located on the 7th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first gate with a door code and a second one with an intercom. This apartment is very bright. It has a long balcony with a clear view on the street side, and a great view on the Eiffel Tower from the master bedroom, on the other side of the building. All the windows are double-glazed. The apartment is therefore very quiet ! LAYOUT This beautiful 63 sqm 2-bedroom apartment can sleep up to five guests. The entrance directly gives on the main room, the living/dining-room. The dining area features a lovely adjustable dining table for four people. The living area has a comfortable couch (that can be used as a single bed 90x180), a matching seat, a coffee table and a flat television. The double-glazed French windows gives on the 14 sqm balcony, perfect for chilling after a long and busy day ! You will then reach the two bedrooms. One, the biggest, gives on the back side of the building. You will have the 	Airy, bright and comfortable 2-bedroom 63 sqm apartment with a large balcony to rent for 5 people between the Parc Monceau and the Rue Levis in the 17th district of Paris. STANDING Located on the 7th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a first gate with a door code and a second one with an intercom. This apartment is very bright. It has a long balcony with a clear view on the street side, and a great view on the Eiffel Tower from the master bedroom, on the other side of the building. All the windows are double-glazed. The apartment is therefore very quiet ! LAYOUT This beautiful 63 sqm 2-bedroom apartment can sleep up to five guests. The entrance directly gives on the main room, the living/dining-room. The dining area features a lovely adjustable dining table for four people. The living area has a comfortable couch (that can be used as a single bed 90x180), a matching seat, a coffee table and a flat television. The double-glazed French windows gives on the 14 sqm 
109	Wonderfull  apartment with sunny terrace and balcony next to the parc Monceau and the Champs-Elysees. A living and dining room connected of 60m2 with balcony on the street giving on the parc Monceau, and behind, a terrace on a garden. There are 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms with king size bed, possible to add a 3rd bed if really required to go up to 6. It's 15mn far from Arc de triomphe and Champs Elysées. Ideal for a family or 2-3 couples. Inside decoration is done with modern ideas, and on the wall you will see photos we do with my wife and usually expose in art galleries all over the world. The 2 bedrooms have a bathroom connected; the garden bedroom, which has a view with a magnificent tree has a bath tube and the street bedroom has a shower. The kitchen is modern, and fully equipped.	Full flat typically parisian architecture, modern style inside, ideal for family, or up to 3 couples. Sunny living room, dining room with view on the terrace, balcony, 2 bedrooms (possible 1 more bed), close to the parc Monceau and Champs Elysées. Wonderfull  apartment with sunny terrace and balcony next to the parc Monceau and the Champs-Elysees. A living and dining room connected of 60m2 with balcony on the street giving on the parc Monceau, and behind, a terrace on a garden. There are 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms with king size bed, possible to add a 3rd bed if really required to go up to 6. It's 15mn far from Arc de triomphe and Champs Elysées. Ideal for a family or 2-3 couples. Inside decoration is done with modern ideas, and on the wall you will see photos we do with my wife and usually expose in art galleries all over the world. The 2 bedrooms have a bathroom connected; the garden bedroom, which has a view with a magnificent tree has a bath tube and the street bedroom has a shower. T
110	4.300 SqFEET luxurious 4 rooms (maximum 10 persons).  By walk :  5 min Arc de Triomphe, 7 min Champs Elysées, by metro or car : 10 min Avenue Montaigne, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 10 min Rue du Faubourg St Honoré/ Madeleine.  Flat at 120 meters from Courcelles station Tubes/metro and Taxi/cab station.  - 1 double bedroom  with en-suite bathroom and a sofa bed for 2 adults.  - 1 double bedroom with en- suite bathroom.  - 2 double bedrooms with a bathroom each and one shared toilet.   1  single daybed in the Library.  ( 190X115cm; recommended only for children ). The apartment is equipped with televisions in all the bedrooms and the TV room/ Library with televisions too. A dining room for up to 10 people, a large living room, a long gallerie living room, a library in wood with TV, HI-Fi and books for a total of 1.700sqfeet of reception area. Also, a drying machin is available in the laundry room. 2 entrance on the building. First entrance for the flat by the garden in a very quiet street. Seco	4.300 SqFEET luxurious 4 rooms (maximum 10 persons).  By walk :  5 min Arc de Triomphe, 7 min Champs Elysées, by metro or car : 10 min Avenue Montaigne, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 10 min Rue du Faubourg St Honoré/ Madeleine.  Flat at 120 meters from Courcelles station Tubes/metro and Taxi/cab station.  - 1 double bedroom  with en-suite bathroom and a sofa bed for 2 adults.  - 1 double bedroom with en- suite bathroom.  - 2 double bedrooms with a bathroom each and one shared toilet.   1  single daybed in the Library.  ( 190X115cm; recommended only for children ). The apartment is equipped with televisions in all the bedrooms and the TV room/ Library with televisions too. A dining room for up to 10 people, a large living room, a long gallerie living room, a library in wood with TV, HI-Fi and books for a total of 1.700sqfeet of reception area. Also, a drying machin is available in the laundry room. 2 entrance on the building. First entrance for the flat by the garden in a very quiet street. Seco
111	Studio for 2 people equipped kitchenette bathroom with toilet. shower with multiple directional jets, a sitting room with comfortable sofa bed, television, wireless modem, and a customizable lighting with starry ceiling. constellations to discover .....	       Grenelle market on Sunday morning Installation stalls in the snow Grenelle Market is a market mainly fruits and vegetables located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. Studio for 2 people equipped kitchenette bathroom with toilet. shower with multiple directional jets, a sitting room with comfortable sofa bed, television, wireless modem, and a customizable lighting with starry ceiling. constellations to discover ..... I am ready to answer all your questions by mail or phone Batignolles Parisian village square with its wooded, with many small restaurants, breweries and pub.    Nightlife district metro ligne 13 ou 2 et bientôt ligne 14
112	Praised for 4 people. Ideal for two couple of friends who want to visit Paris, or a business trip away from the hotel rooms without character. 42 m² flat lovely comfortable refurbished and very well appointed fully renovated in february 2011 with environemental care : all walls have been doubled for isolation, and we installed solar water heating system and AVR ventillation for energy saving. King size bed with bedding springs new quality, pleasant space for dining, lounge, kitchen, shower room with washbasin and WC. Salon: Flat TV and stereo hifi iphone stand. Kitchen: domestic appliance BOSCH : microwave oven, ceramic hob, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils and bed linen and towels for bathroom provided.  Bright flat with south exposition, very quiet on the third floor looking over a lovely courtyard . Located in a small street in the Parisian charm in a trendy lefty neighbourhood called « les batignolles » were you can enjoy a lot of bars and restaurant but also caterers, flori	Praised for 4 people. Ideal for two couple of friends who want to visit Paris, or a business trip away from the hotel rooms without character. 42 m² flat lovely comfortable refurbished and very well appointed fully renovated in february 2011 with environemental care : all walls have been doubled for isolation, and we installed solar water heating system and AVR ventillation for energy saving. King size bed with bedding springs new quality, pleasant space for dining, lounge, kitchen, shower room with washbasin and WC. Salon: Flat TV and stereo hifi iphone stand. Kitchen: domestic appliance BOSCH : microwave oven, ceramic hob, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils and bed linen and towels for bathroom provided.  Bright flat with south exposition, very quiet on the third floor looking over a lovely courtyard . Located in a small street in the Parisian charm in a trendy lefty neighbourhood called « les batignolles » were you can enjoy a lot of bars and restaurant but also caterers, flori
113	Ce logement très spacieux, vous garantit le calme avec une vue sur un joli jardin arboré	Ce logement très spacieux, vous garantit le calme avec une vue sur un joli jardin arboré L'appartement vous est totalement réservé Dès réception de votre réservation nous vous adresserons toutes les informations qui vous permettront d'accéder à l'appartement Le quartier des Batignolles est réputé pour son animation et sa multitude de commerces et de restaurants. La station de métro La Fourche se situe à quelques minutes à pieds de l'appartement
114	The apartment has just been redone a year ago, so everything is clean and works well. It has only 1 large bed for a couple, but couples with a crib are welcome :).  Also, as you will find, the apartment is located next to the train tracks, so you can hear the train in the distance but we have very strong windows and the bedroom window is on the yard on the other side, so no worries :).	Hello,  We're happy to let our 1 bedroom 50sqm apartment, located on rue de Rome, right at the beginning of Batignolles area. It consist in a very large living and dining room, a large bedroom, a small but practical kitchen and a bathroom . The apartment has just been redone a year ago, so everything is clean and works well. It has only 1 large bed for a couple, but couples with a crib are welcome :).  Also, as you will find, the apartment is located next to the train tracks, so you can hear the train in the distance but we have very strong windows and the bedroom window is on the yard on the other side, so no worries :). You will have access to the whole apartment and can of course use the dishwasher or washing-machine if you need to. Also, we will prepare sheets and towels for you, as well as kitchen basics (salt, pepper, tea, coffee). We will be leaving our clothes on one side of the closet, so we count on you to be careful with them :). Unfortunately we can not welcome pets in our 
115	Beaucoup de charme : vue sur les toits de Paris dans un beau quartier, poutres apparentes, appartement circulant (en rond) 6ème étage sans ascenseur	Beaucoup de charme : vue sur les toits de Paris dans un beau quartier, poutres apparentes, appartement circulant (en rond) 6ème étage sans ascenseur Ensemble de l'appartement Beau quartier, chic, calme Métros à proximité : Wagram, Courcelles, Pereire
116	This a great deal for up to three couples or for a family with children or teenagers. it is very close to Montmartre, and a short metro or bike ride to the Champs Elysées, the Louvre and the Opera - you will discover the famous romantic Paris of Woody Allen ! The neighboughrhood has many nice bars, cafés, shops, restaurants, an organic market and several organic shops! After dining in one of the restaurants, go for a romantic walk in the Square des Batignolles, with its merry-go-round, its swings, its duck pond, or discover the very modern  Martin Luther King park. The apartment is on the 5th floor with lift and offers great views over Parisian roofs and the Square des Batignolles from the balcony. It is very bright (110m2), clear and Parisian style (wooden floor, moldings, fire place).It has been totally renovated and has a fully equipped kitchen, three double bedrooms and an extra sofa bed in the living room, two bathrooms (shower),a  small laundry. Our family grew up in this lovely 	Become a real Parisian for a few days or a few weeks:  the flat is perfect for a family or a couple of friends looking to get an overview of the real Parisian life, avoiding the tourist traps and the beaten track in the heart of the village des Batignolles   This a great deal for up to three couples or for a family with children or teenagers. it is very close to Montmartre, and a short metro or bike ride to the Champs Elysées, the Louvre and the Opera - you will discover the famous romantic Paris of Woody Allen ! The neighboughrhood has many nice bars, cafés, shops, restaurants, an organic market and several organic shops! After dining in one of the restaurants, go for a romantic walk in the Square des Batignolles, with its merry-go-round, its swings, its duck pond, or discover the very modern  Martin Luther King park. The apartment is on the 5th floor with lift and offers great views over Parisian roofs and the Square des Batignolles from the balcony. It is very bright (110m2), clear 
117	Small studio confortable foe 1 or 2 persons.	Nice typical Parisian studio (small appartement) near the metro station (ligne 13 Brochant and RER C), near the touristic Montmarte and Moulin Rouge.  Small studio confortable foe 1 or 2 persons. Metro station Brochant line 13  is 1 minute from the apartement and allows to go directly to Champs Elysees in 10 minutes, and RER C (1 minute from the appartement) to go directly to Chateau de Versialles. Montmarte cartier and the Moluin Rouge is situated 15 minutes walk distance. A lot of restaurants, shops near the apartemnet.  Metro station Brochant line 13  is 1 minute from the apartement and allows to go directly to Champs Elysees in 10 minutes, and RER C (1 minute from the appartement) to go directly to Chateau de Versialles. There is a typical French-Italian restaurant down in the building, and a l ot of commerce on the street.
118	"Charming appartment of 38m2 located in a very nice area with small shops and lots of restaurants and coffeeplaces with terrasse. Perfect to feel like in a village but very near for the main place in Paris. The metro station is Villiers,  4 metro stations from Pigalle and Montmartre (line2) and 3 metro stations from ""Grands Magasins"" (Galerie Lafayette, Printemps) and Opera area. The appartement includes on large room, one living room with dining room place and a kitchenette. Very quiet. With WIFI, TV."	"Charming appartment of 38m2 located in a very nice area with small shops and lots of restaurants and coffeeplaces with terrasse. Perfect to feel like in a village but very near for the main place in Paris. The metro station is Villiers,  4 metro stations from Pigalle and Montmartre (line2) and 3 metro stations from ""Grands Magasins"" (Galerie Lafayette, Printemps) and Opera area. The appartement includes on large room, one living room with dining room place and a kitchenette. Very quiet. With WIFI, TV."
119		Nice apartment in Paris 75017 next the Parc Monceau, not far from the CHAMPS ELYSEE. Metro courcelles (Ligne2). 38 m2 with one room, bathroom. Separate toilet. one big living room. One kitchen. Perfect place to stay in Paris. 
120	Joli 2 pièces tout équipé à 10 minutes des Champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe à pieds. Parc Monceau à 2 minutes  dans quartier très agréable. Appartement refait à neuf depuis moins d un an très pratique pour séjour à Paris. L appartement est au 6eme étage sans ascenceur Accès à tout l'appartement Remise des clefs en main propre. Quartier calme et bourgeois. Métro à proximité  Proximité Batignolles, avec beaucoup de restaurants et sorties possibles. Métro ligne 3 arrêt Malesherbes Métro ligne 2 arrêt Monceau Accès à tout l'appartement Remise des clefs en main propre. Quartier calme et bourgeois. Métro à proximité  Proximité Batignolles, avec beaucoup de restaurants et sorties possibles. Métro ligne 3 arrêt Malesherbes Métro ligne 2 arrêt Monceau	Joli appartement situé à 15 min à pieds de l'arc de triomphe, des Champs Elysées et du Palais des Congrès de Paris et à 5 min de marche du Parc Monceau, métro Monceau à proximité pour vous conduire directement au quartier Montmartre et aux Champs Elysées Joli 2 pièces tout équipé à 10 minutes des Champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe à pieds. Parc Monceau à 2 minutes  dans quartier très agréable. Appartement refait à neuf depuis moins d un an très pratique pour séjour à Paris. L appartement est au 6eme étage sans ascenceur Accès à tout l'appartement Remise des clefs en main propre. Quartier calme et bourgeois. Métro à proximité  Proximité Batignolles, avec beaucoup de restaurants et sorties possibles. Métro ligne 3 arrêt Malesherbes Métro ligne 2 arrêt Monceau Accès à tout l'appartement Remise des clefs en main propre. Quartier calme et bourgeois. Métro à proximité  Proximité Batignolles, avec beaucoup de restaurants et sorties possibles. Métro ligne 3 arrêt Malesherbes Métro ligne 2 
121	It's white & design, Bose hifi system & 3 TV, in a typical 1900 parisian apartment ... quiet but it will take you less than 15 min to enter the famous night life on the Champs Elysées :-)	Magnifique appartement 100 m2; double séjour, 2 chambres au 4ème étage d'un immeuble de standing Haussmanien (1902 approx.)  dans le quartier Batignolles ( 17ème). Parking inclus. (Sauf mois d'aout mais stationnement résidentiel gratuit dans les rues de Paris). Parquet, moulures, 4 cheminées décoratives. It's white & design, Bose hifi system & 3 TV, in a typical 1900 parisian apartment ... quiet but it will take you less than 15 min to enter the famous night life on the Champs Elysées :-) in the apartment :  - pas de lave linge en aout (no washer, no dryer), dish washer - internet illimité par fibre 300 Go (unlimited internet), - free calls in Europe and USA, Canada on standard phones (please don't call mobiles) - pickup service at airport (extra charge 50 €, a taxi costs 80€ or more) Free advices any time, where to eat, where to shop, where to have a drink or what to visit ... Le quartier est vivant, petits restos, bistros, 15 min des Champs Elysées (Louis Vuitton, Cartier etc.) ou de
122		Cosy apartment in the core of the 17th. Between the nice quarter of Villiers, and the trendy quarter of Batignolles. Reachable by train from St Lazare, and by subway with the lines 2 or 3. My apartment is located at the last floor ( 4th), so it is full of light, and you get a nice view of the tops of Paris.
123	This is a perfect flat for 2 and quite possible for 4 (sofa bed is easy to expand / collapse and realy comfortable). There has all the desirable equipment with Nespresso, a microwave, a TV with a strong wi-fi ... A very nice features is the large corner bathtub for you relax after a ride.  If you know the area, you must know that Brochant street is the most beautiful street in the Batignoles ! There is a restaurant at every corner, stores everywhere, a metro station at 2 mns and two Vélib'station , ... , this is the great area to begin and end a beautiful day trip to Paris .	Here is a typical parisian flat, realy quiet and located in a very nice street in the heart of Paris : Montmartre within 10mn, Les Champs Elysées in 15mn. The place to be ! You will enjoy the aera, the street, the restaurant just nearby the door. This is a perfect flat for 2 and quite possible for 4 (sofa bed is easy to expand / collapse and realy comfortable). There has all the desirable equipment with Nespresso, a microwave, a TV with a strong wi-fi ... A very nice features is the large corner bathtub for you relax after a ride.  If you know the area, you must know that Brochant street is the most beautiful street in the Batignoles ! There is a restaurant at every corner, stores everywhere, a metro station at 2 mns and two Vélib'station , ... , this is the great area to begin and end a beautiful day trip to Paris . The flat is yours ! If I'm not there, there would be someone to open and welcome you ! Feel free to contact me : I will give you all my best adresses and advices for your 
124		Hello, We are happy to live in this apartment of 40m² and it is a pleasure to share this happiness with you. It is situated in a chic parisian quartier (villiers - rome) - 5 min from Montmartre, St.Lazare, next to Bd. Haussmann, Galerie Lafayette... Metro lines : 2 (Rome), 3 (Villiers), 13 (Place de Clichy)
125	Nice, calm, sunny, 17m2 totally revamped in April 2015. Find this hidden pedestrian street. Cross the garden and you’ll discover a nice studio on the 2nd floor of a house build in 1870. In the middle of the Hype area of “Les Batignolles”, full of bars, restaurants, cine, theaters, gardens… 5 min from Metro Station. 	Very cozy & calm. Located in a pedestrian street. 2nd floor with views to the garden Perfect for 2 persons, with a double bed, a kitchen and a toilets/shower room. Fully refurbished in april 2015 Nice, calm, sunny, 17m2 totally revamped in April 2015. Find this hidden pedestrian street. Cross the garden and you’ll discover a nice studio on the 2nd floor of a house build in 1870. In the middle of the Hype area of “Les Batignolles”, full of bars, restaurants, cine, theaters, gardens… 5 min from Metro Station. 2nd floor with easy stairs. We'll be happy to greeting you and show you the appartment. Amandine, Olivier, the 3 kids & the cat do live in the house. We’ll be more than happy to assist you for your journey in Paris : restos, bars, expos, sport... We travel a lot & are bilingual in English & Spanish. Les Batignolles, in the 17th arrondissement (North-West of Paris) : where the Bobos live : hipsters / boho Perfect for a romance in Paris, you’ll find restos, bars, clubs, expos… 2 metro
126	Wonderfull  apartment with sunny terrace and balcony next to the parc Monceau and the Champs-Elysees. A living and dining room connected of 60m2 with balcony on the street and parc Monceau, and behind, a terrace on a garden. The flat is on the second floor of a three floors building. There are 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms with king size bed, possible to add a 3rd bed if required to go up to 6. It's 15mn far from Arc de triomphe and Champs Elysées. Ideal for a family or 2-3 couples. Inside decoration is done with modern ideas, and on the wall you will see photos we do with my wife and usually expose in art galleries in many countries. The 2 bedrooms have a bathroom connected; the garden bedroom, which gives on a magnificent tree has a bath tube, and the street bedroom has a shower. The kitchen is modern and fully equipped.	Full flat typically parisian architecture, modern style inside, ideal for family, or up to 3 couples. Sunny living room, dining room with view on the terrace, balcony, 2 bedrooms (possible 1 more bed), close to the parc Monceau and Champs Elysées. Wonderfull  apartment with sunny terrace and balcony next to the parc Monceau and the Champs-Elysees. A living and dining room connected of 60m2 with balcony on the street and parc Monceau, and behind, a terrace on a garden. The flat is on the second floor of a three floors building. There are 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms with king size bed, possible to add a 3rd bed if required to go up to 6. It's 15mn far from Arc de triomphe and Champs Elysées. Ideal for a family or 2-3 couples. Inside decoration is done with modern ideas, and on the wall you will see photos we do with my wife and usually expose in art galleries in many countries. The 2 bedrooms have a bathroom connected; the garden bedroom, which gives on a magnificent tree has a bath tube, an
127	Small charming studio, perfect to visit Paris 	Small charming studio, perfect to visit Paris  You can access my home with ligne 3 of subway - stop : Wagram The studio (5th floor, no lift) is pretty new, cosy, very functional and completely furnished is ideally located to enjoy and visit Paris as it is close to Montmartre, the nice district of Batignolles and the famous Champs Elysées. The studio is located in a typical Parisian area surrounded by nice cafés and good restaurants, close to the lovely Levis street's fresh products market, the Parc Monceau, … Line 2 (Villiers - 10min from the studio) : direct to Champs Elysées, Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Pigalles, Barbès Line 3 : direct to Saint Lazare, Opéra, Père Lachaise and Le Marais
128	Here you'll be able to taste the real life of a parisian. right next to the batignolle district and at about 15 min walk from montmartre you'll enjoy the true spirit of the french life style. L'appartement se situe a 2 pas des Batignolles	Here you'll be able to taste the real life of a parisian. right next to the batignolle district and at about 15 min walk from montmartre you'll enjoy the true spirit of the french life style. Here you'll be able to taste the real life of a parisian. right next to the batignolle district and at about 15 min walk from montmartre you'll enjoy the true spirit of the french life style. L'appartement se situe a 2 pas des Batignolles L'appartement se situe a 2 pas des Batignolles
129	Charmant studio de 9 m2 situé au 6e étage sans accesseur , une cuisine, une salle de bain avec wc . Il contient un lit une personnes . Le studio est complétement équipé: micro onde, frigo, câble TV,internet, Wi-Fi........	A 10 minutes des Champs-Élysées, de l'Opéra et de la Gare Saint Lazare. Quartier calme et bien situé. Métro ligne 3 Malesherbes Studio meublée avec salle de bain et wc, cuisinette, cafetière, télévision internet pour une personne, Connexion wifi... Charmant studio de 9 m2 situé au 6e étage sans accesseur , une cuisine, une salle de bain avec wc . Il contient un lit une personnes . Le studio est complétement équipé: micro onde, frigo, câble TV,internet, Wi-Fi........ Le quartier est calme, central et vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin à proximité: restaurants, cafés, supérette, boulangerie, pharmacie ... Logement très facilement accessible. Métro ligne 3 Malesherbes, Bus 54&94, Vélib, autolib.
130	Bien desservi  Fonctionnel Cosy Calme Charme	Bonjour ! Beau studio a deux pas du quartier branché des Batignolles.  Cosy et fonctionnel, il est aussi très bien desservi : métro, RER et nombreux bus. A votre disposition : cuisine équipée, salle de bains, WC et salon aménagé. Vaisselle, machine à laver et fer à repasser. Venez vivre vos aventures :) Bien desservi  Fonctionnel Cosy Calme Charme Machine à laver TV S'ils le souhaitent Cosmopolite Vivant Metro RER Bus
131	L'appartement comprend une chambre alcove avec un vrai lit 2 places + un canapé lit 2 places dans le salon.	L'appartement comprend une chambre alcove avec un vrai lit 2 places + un canapé lit 2 places dans le salon. Des tiroirs et rangements sont disponibles pour les voyageurs. Tout est accessible sauf certains placards et rangements. Les voyageurs sont seuls dans l'appartement. Quartier très vivant avec un marché couvert ouvert 6 jours sur 7. De nombreux commercants, restaurants et bars à vins. Metro : Station Rome ou place de Clichy Bus : ligne 66 Le chauffage n'est pas compris dans la location. Relevé compteur électrique à l'arrivée et à la sortie.
132	TV  Internet  kitchen essentials  sheets included  towels on request	SMALL BUDGET /BIG CONFORT (2 beds for 4) Cosy and functional,my  2 rooms apartment can comfortably accommodate 2p and could be suitable for 3. check in day: be reachable by email or phone NO CLEANING FEE, garbage out, dishes to make..that is it :) TV  Internet  kitchen essentials  sheets included  towels on request I will be available during your stay via airbnb email or cell phone PLease make sure you're reachable the day of arrival
133		A deux pas du charmant quartier des Batignolles. Au 6ème étage avec balcon très ensoleillé, et vue panoramique sur les toits de Paris.  Très beau studio de 30m2, aménagé par architecte, entièrement équipé. Lumineux, calme et sans vis à vis. Cuisine complètement équipée, électro-ménager ,vaisselle, machine Nespresso... Salle d'eau contemporaine, lave linge intégré, linge de toilette. WC séparé. 1 lit d'appoint 1 personne supplémentaire. Anciennement village des Batignolles, le quartier a gardé le charme typique du vieux Paris avec ses commerces traditionnels, ses nombreux cafés et restaurants avec terrasses. Métro: lignes 2 et 3. Stations Rome ou Villiers à 9mn à pied. Au pied de l'immeuble Bus 53 direct pour Opéra Seulement loué à partir de 2 nuits!!
134		Welcoming 2 bedrooms apartment completly renewed is composed of: 1 shiny living-room, 1 dining room with kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 bedroom with a single bed and 1 bedroom with a double bed. It is located in the trendy aera in Paris, close to Montmatre. Guets have access to: - internet - television - dishwasher - washing machine - cook equipment You could access to our apartment by bus or subway. The stations are 5 minutes walking from our place: subway: Brochant (line 13) and La Fourche (line 13)
135	Il s'agit d'un deux pièces de 50 mètres carré refait à neuf en 2013. Le salon, lumineux, dispose de deux fenêtres, d'une table, d'une bibliothèque et d'un canapé. Les toilettes sont indépendantes de la salle de bain. 	Appartement moderne très bien agencé dans une rue tranquille à 5 minutes du parc Monceau et 10 minutes des champs Elysée. La chambre ouvre sur un grand jardin privatif.  Excellente boulangerie, boucherie et fromagerie a proximité immédiate. Il s'agit d'un deux pièces de 50 mètres carré refait à neuf en 2013. Le salon, lumineux, dispose de deux fenêtres, d'une table, d'une bibliothèque et d'un canapé. Les toilettes sont indépendantes de la salle de bain. Tout l'appartement est accessible y compris le jardin. Je serai ravi d'échanger avec les voyageurs par mail. C'est un quartier résidentiel plein de charmes. De nombreux pays l'ont choisi pour implanter leur ambassade ( Russie, Singapour, Portugal, Bulgarie ).  Il est agréable de se promener dans les larges avenues et de découvrir l'esthétisme typiquement haussmanien de ce quartier.  Le parc Monceau est l'endroit idéal pour lire, se détendre et pourquoi pas pique niquer ?
136		Situé au 5e étages, les pièces sont lumineuses, l'immeuble est sécurisé et la décoration est de bon goût. L'appartement est composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'une pièce de vie. Le tout à deux pas des Champs Elysées. C'est le paradis des amateurs d'art ! Ici vous trouverez quelques musées parmi les plus intéressants du monde culturel parisien (Cernuschi, Jacquemart-André, Jean-Jacques Henner). Mais le quartier Monceau, c'est aussi et surtout le magnifique parc Monceau. La rue de Courcelles quant à elle vous apportera tout le plaisir du shopping parisien. Le logement est à proximité de la ligne 2 et 3 (Courcelles et Wagram) ainsi que de nombreuses ligne de bus.
137	This apartment can accomodate up to 4 people. I It is located in a secure typical Haussmann style building with concierge and intercom.  Free WiFi, TV cable with a lot of foreign channels. Very close to all kind of transport.  We are reachable for the duration of stay. RER A ‘’Etoile’’direct to DisneyLand Paris, Car Air France is 10 min walk. 1 min Métro Courcelles, Autolib and Velib. 	Charming flat near Champs Elysées - 64 m2 (710 sqFeet) Very calm and sunny (ssouth west exposure), with a nice and tipical long balcony. Modern with new furnitures.  Famous and Prestigious area, 3 min walk to Parc Monceau, 10 min the Arc de Triomphe
138		Bonjour, Nous mettons à votre disposition notre appartement situé à 7 min à pied du parc des Batignolles et des commerces de la rue de Tocqueville. Il est confortable et tout équipé. Idéal pour un weekend parisien agréable.
139	ATTENTION  CE LOGEMENT EST PARTICULIÈREMENT CONCU POUR UN COUPLE ET DEUX ENFANTS CAR LA MEZZANINE EST TRES PETITE ET BASSE DE PLAFOND ET LITS FUTON  ATTENTION  THIS APPARTMENT IS CONCEVEID FOR Â COUPLE AND TWO CHILDRENS BECAUSE THE MEZZANINE IS VERY SMALL AND NO HIGH AND BEDS FUTON  Ce logement est sur 3 niveaux. RDC :salon, Cuisine américaine ,salle de bain avec baignoire et toilette . SOUS SOL :une jolie chambre voûtée en pierres avec un lit King size.  1er mezzanine : hauteur de plafond de 1 m 20 servant de deuxième chambre  avec deux lits futon de 90 ou de salon Boudoir avec television . This apartment make 65 m2 on 3 levels : Rdc: lounge (show ) american cooking( kitchen ) Bathroom with bathtub and dress ( toilet ) S/s : attractive room ( chamber ) bent in stone with a small window and a big bed of 160 . 1st : height of ceilling 1 m20 serving of the second room ( chamber )with two beds futon of 90 and télévision 	Charmant appartement métro Villiers situe à côté de la célèbre rue Lévis ,une des rues les plus commerçantes de Paris . 65 m2 ,atypique ,3 niveaux,donnant sur une rue calme et jolie cour . Décoration asie , pierres et poutres    ATTENTION  CE LOGEMENT EST PARTICULIÈREMENT CONCU POUR UN COUPLE ET DEUX ENFANTS CAR LA MEZZANINE EST TRES PETITE ET BASSE DE PLAFOND ET LITS FUTON  ATTENTION  THIS APPARTMENT IS CONCEVEID FOR Â COUPLE AND TWO CHILDRENS BECAUSE THE MEZZANINE IS VERY SMALL AND NO HIGH AND BEDS FUTON  Ce logement est sur 3 niveaux. RDC :salon, Cuisine américaine ,salle de bain avec baignoire et toilette . SOUS SOL :une jolie chambre voûtée en pierres avec un lit King size.  1er mezzanine : hauteur de plafond de 1 m 20 servant de deuxième chambre  avec deux lits futon de 90 ou de salon Boudoir avec television . This apartment make 65 m2 on 3 levels : Rdc: lounge (show ) american cooking( kitchen ) Bathroom with bathtub and dress ( toilet ) S/s : attractive room ( chamber ) bent in
140	Apartment 60 m² fully equipped, 5th floor without elevator, balcony facing south, living room with sofa-bed for 2, 2 lovely bedrooms, bathroom, separate toilet, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, freezer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, washing machine, utensils ...) with dining corner. WIFI, TV, HiFi ... We provide LINENS (towels, ... etc.). 6 beds total:  - 1 bedroom courtyard with double bed, dressing.  - Bedroom 2 with double bed and fitted wardrobes overlooking the balcony.  - 1 couch-bed 2 persons	"Beautiful appartment 60m² in the 17e square ""Batignolles"". Very quiet street, 5th floor, sunny balcony, entirely equiped, living room with bed-couch 2 pers, 2 nice bedrooms, bathroom, toilets, kitchen, WiFi. LINEN Provided Apartment 60 m² fully equipped, 5th floor without elevator, balcony facing south, living room with sofa-bed for 2, 2 lovely bedrooms, bathroom, separate toilet, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, freezer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, washing machine, utensils ...) with dining corner. WIFI, TV, HiFi ... We provide LINENS (towels, ... etc.). 6 beds total:  - 1 bedroom courtyard with double bed, dressing.  - Bedroom 2 with double bed and fitted wardrobes overlooking the balcony.  - 1 couch-bed 2 persons Metro station ""Brochant"" line 13, bus (74, 54, 81). Access by car porte de Clichy. Email, mobile phone, airbnb.... We love this area! It is very lively and typical (Bistros, terraces, park, cinema, museum, Pigalle). Opera 15 min. Champs Elysées in 20 minutes. Mont"
141	Bright, convenient, newly renovated.	Newly renovated 300sf (25m2) apartment in Paris 17th. Metro Villiers. Tons of cafes, boutiques, local markets around. Very safe neighborhood, 10 min walk from Champs Elysees, 3 subway stops from Gare St Lazare/Opera. Bright, convenient, newly renovated. Kitchen, bathroom, wifi... Feel free to connect with me if you have any questions about your stay. Safe and friendly with lots of good food stores. 3 metro strops around (Wagram, Malesherbes, Villiers line 3) and RER (Pont Cardinet)
142	"Nice small parisian flat in the center of one of the last ""villages"" of Paris: Batignolles. The charming neighborhood is very parisian, experience having a drink, dinner or a brunch around. 10 min from Montmartre by walk. 3 subway lines around. Wanna stay in typical parisian flat? Come to live as parisian in a small and charming place, bright and sunny. Located on 6th floor (elevator) with a nice view on Paris roof top, a quarter view on Eiffel Tower and silent from street. 2 to 4 guests welcomed:  one private double bedroom (140 x 190) + Comfortable real bed/sofa in the livingroom for extra people. Facilities: - Internet Wifi,  - Iron,  - Sound system for your music… (Jack plug for all devices) - Dishwasher, oven... All fitted kitchen and: - microwave,  - oven,  - dishwasher, - washing machine, - kettle, - toaster. Other facilities: Bathroom with towels, clean bed sheets. Do not forget to plug your iPod to sound system and enjoy your music. "	"Nice small parisian flat in the center of one of the last ""villages"" of Paris: Batignolles. The charming neighborhood is very parisian, experience having a drink, dinner or a brunch around. 10 min from Montmartre by walk. 3 subway lines around. Nice small parisian flat in the center of one of the last ""villages"" of Paris: Batignolles. The charming neighborhood is very parisian, experience having a drink, dinner or a brunch around. 10 min from Montmartre by walk. 3 subway lines around. Wanna stay in typical parisian flat? Come to live as parisian in a small and charming place, bright and sunny. Located on 6th floor (elevator) with a nice view on Paris roof top, a quarter view on Eiffel Tower and silent from street. 2 to 4 guests welcomed:  one private double bedroom (140 x 190) + Comfortable real bed/sofa in the livingroom for extra people. Facilities: - Internet Wifi,  - Iron,  - Sound system for your music… (Jack plug for all devices) - Dishwasher, oven... All fitted kitchen and: - mi"
143		My tiny studio is definitely not the biggest place you could rent in Paris, but it has charm, all the amenities, a great location and a 5m2 balcony with a view of the Sacred Heart and the Eiffel Tower. 8th floor, elevator, bathroom shared on
144	We present an architect-designed studio flat in the 17th district of Paris, a few steps away from the Parc Monceau and walking distance to the  Champs-Élysées. The studio has a lower floor and a mezzanine floor with a total habitable area of 32 square meters. LOUNGE The lounge on the ground floor is luminous with a window facing a quiet, residential street. It offers a vintage chippendale sofa with cushions and a big stylish vintage mirror,  a table with chairs, HD TV  as well as a kitchen bar with two stools, perfect for breakfasts. KITCHEN The 4 sqm open-plan kitchen is equipped with :  fridge, dishwasher, microwave with an oven & grill function , kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils,  built-in shelves and a washing machine in a built-in closet.  BATHROOM The bathroom is equipped with : washbasin, shower, toilet and shelves. Upstairs you will find the sleeping area which has a comfortable double bed and shelves to accommodate your personal items. On the other side of the mezzanine there	Modern and luminous studio flat located across Parc Monceau, one of the most attractive parks in Paris. Located in the luxurious 17th district. Great transport links, restaurants, shops and cafes. 20min walking distance to Avenue des Champs-Élysées. We present an architect-designed studio flat in the 17th district of Paris, a few steps away from the Parc Monceau and walking distance to the  Champs-Élysées. The studio has a lower floor and a mezzanine floor with a total habitable area of 32 square meters. LOUNGE The lounge on the ground floor is luminous with a window facing a quiet, residential street. It offers a vintage chippendale sofa with cushions and a big stylish vintage mirror,  a table with chairs, HD TV  as well as a kitchen bar with two stools, perfect for breakfasts. KITCHEN The 4 sqm open-plan kitchen is equipped with :  fridge, dishwasher, microwave with an oven & grill function , kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils,  built-in shelves and a washing machine in a built-in clo
145	"Typical Parisian flat in the heart of ""village des Batignolles"".  Between Champs-Elysées and Montmartre, both at 20 minutes walking distance, our place offers all you need. Inside, we renewed everything in 2012, keeping the original wooden floor, moulding and fireplace and creating a modern fitted kitchen and shower room. At first floor, the apartment is really quiet as it overlooks a deadlock. Outside, by a few meters you'll find all commodities like bakeries, a covered market (every day!), post-office, bank, supermarkets, pharmacy, and many bistrots, restaurants, tearoom... Easy access to metro stations Brochant (line 13) and Rome (line 2) and the bus 66, going straight to Opéra. You can also walk to Montmartre, Pigalle or Champs Elysées, by 20 minutes. To enjoy you stay : - free Wifi - king size bed - Towels, linens - Fully equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, induction plate, fridge, freezer) - washing machine - no charge for electricity Any question? Feel free to ask, we speek englis"	"Typical Parisian flat in the heart of ""village des Batignolles"".  Between Champs-Elysées and Montmartre, both at 20 minutes walking distance, our place offers all you need. Inside, we renewed everything in 2012, keeping the original wooden floor, moulding and fireplace and creating a modern fitted kitchen and shower room. At first floor, the apartment is really quiet as it overlooks a deadlock. Outside, by a few meters you'll find all commodities like bakeries, a covered market (every day!), post-office, bank, supermarkets, pharmacy, and many bistrots, restaurants, tearoom... Easy access to metro stations Brochant (line 13) and Rome (line 2) and the bus 66, going straight to Opéra. You can also walk to Montmartre, Pigalle or Champs Elysées, by 20 minutes. To enjoy you stay : - free Wifi - king size bed - Towels, linens - Fully equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, induction plate, fridge, freezer) - washing machine - no charge for electricity Any question? Feel free to ask, we speek englis"
146	Dear guests, my cosy, calm & sunbathed 2-room-apartment  is available for 2 in the lively and safe Batignolles district, downtown Paris.  The entire apartment is available and can accommodate 2 to 3 guests. Located at the 5th floor of a calm building, the apartment is composed of 2 rooms (1 bedroom and 1 living-room with a kitchen) and a bathroom with toilets. Both rooms are located toward a calm inner courtyard and partly separated by a central wall. As it is a south-east building, such design brings a lot of light into both rooms, while preserving the volume of each space.  What awaits you in the apartment:  - Double sized bed (with clean sheets and pillows)  - Wifi internet connection  - 2.1 stereo dolby speakers - A bathroom including toilets and a shower to relax after a busy day in the city - a comfortable and lightbathed living-room with one large convertible sofa  - A fully equipped kitchen with a fridge/freezer, coffee machine, a combined oven/stove with 4 vitroceramic plates 	Dear guests, my cosy, calm & sunbathed apartment  is available for 2 in the lively and safe Batignolles area, downtown Paris.  Nearby you will find Montmartre, with its beautiful Basilique du Sacré Coeur, typical cafés & Les Folies Bergères ! Dear guests, my cosy, calm & sunbathed 2-room-apartment  is available for 2 in the lively and safe Batignolles district, downtown Paris.  The entire apartment is available and can accommodate 2 to 3 guests. Located at the 5th floor of a calm building, the apartment is composed of 2 rooms (1 bedroom and 1 living-room with a kitchen) and a bathroom with toilets. Both rooms are located toward a calm inner courtyard and partly separated by a central wall. As it is a south-east building, such design brings a lot of light into both rooms, while preserving the volume of each space.  What awaits you in the apartment:  - Double sized bed (with clean sheets and pillows)  - Wifi internet connection  - 2.1 stereo dolby speakers - A bathroom including toilets 
147	Appartement 2 pièces 42m2, proche Montmartre et tous commerces. Paris 17ème, métro Brochant. Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. (Bed linen and Towels included.) Wifi et TV par cable. Cable TV	"2 pièces de 42 m2 quartier Batignolles, Brochant. / 2 rooms flat 1 chambre / 1 bedroom 1 salon / 1 living room 1 cuisine / 1 kitchen 1 SDB avec wc / 1 bathroom with WC and Shower Appartement 2 pièces 42m2, proche Montmartre et tous commerces. Paris 17ème, métro Brochant. Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. (Bed linen and Towels included.) Wifi et TV par cable. Cable TV I can take you to some places you want to visit, and/or introduce you to parisian people and take you to nice and ""underground"" places in Paris, make you know the ""off"" Paris places… Just let me know.. :-) Commerces de proximité, restaurants, cafés.. (Convenience store, restaurants, bars, cafés) Marché ouvert tous les jours de 8h à 13h30 et 15h à 20h.. Market open every day from 8 am till 1:30 pm and from 3 pm till 8 pm. (Butcher, Fishes, Wines, Cheese, vegetables, flowers, Vegan food, Lebanese food, Portuguese  food…) Square des Batignolles et Parc Martin Luther King à 5min à pieds (Parcs at 5 min foot distance, id"
148	Notre appartement se trouve au 7 ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble élégant et moderne avec ascenseur. Le salon et les chambres (parents et enfants) offrent une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et sur les toits de Paris. Loggia/terrasse de 8 mètres carré. Appartement, spacieux, calme (parfaitement insonorisé) et très lumineux. Couchers de soleil sur la coulée verte du Boulevard Pereire et sur les tours de la Défense allant jusqu'au Mont Valérien, et vous pourrez admirer de votre lit la Tour Eiffel qui scintille en face de vous toutes les heures. Proche des commerces et des transports et proche de 2 très beaux parcs à 5 minutes à pied (Parc Martin Luther King et Square des Batignolles) offrant de nombreuses activités en plein air pour les enfants (manèges, balançoires, piste de skate etc...) et les parents (jogging, sports...), et à 10 minutes à pied du Parc Monceau. Situé dans le très typique quartier des Batignolles, quartier qui ressemble à un village dans Paris entre l'Arc de Triom	Belle vue sur la tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris au dernier étage d'un immeuble situé aux Batignolles, proche commerces et transports (bus à 10 minutes Champs Elysées). Lumineux, trés confortable, insonorisé. Terrasse type Loggia. (75m2 au total). Notre appartement se trouve au 7 ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble élégant et moderne avec ascenseur. Le salon et les chambres (parents et enfants) offrent une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et sur les toits de Paris. Loggia/terrasse de 8 mètres carré. Appartement, spacieux, calme (parfaitement insonorisé) et très lumineux. Couchers de soleil sur la coulée verte du Boulevard Pereire et sur les tours de la Défense allant jusqu'au Mont Valérien, et vous pourrez admirer de votre lit la Tour Eiffel qui scintille en face de vous toutes les heures. Proche des commerces et des transports et proche de 2 très beaux parcs à 5 minutes à pied (Parc Martin Luther King et Square des Batignolles) offrant de nombreuses activités en plein air pour les e
149	Very attractive 2 rooms done up like new in the former. Charming, atypical and welcoming!  	Two rooms done up like new in old, welcoming and original! For 2 people in heart of Batignolles, district young and fashion. Really near from Sacré Coeur, Opera and the Saint Lazare station. Fully-equipped kitchen, old bathtub... Very attractive 2 rooms done up like new in the former. Charming, atypical and welcoming!  Right in the heart of Batignolles, young and trendy district. Just a step from the station Saint Lazare, of the Sacré Coeur, the Opera and Madeleine. Of very sociable nature I can share a moment with the travelers, indicate them some bars and restaurant in the district. Young and trendy district full of bars and very nice restaurants. You will find also of very attractive stores of clothes and decoration there. You could stroll as a real Parisian there. Close to subway lines 2 and 13 and station of the Pont Cardinet, you will have the possibility of leaving wherever you like from this district.
150		1 living room & 1 bedroom, 10 minutes walk to Champs-Elysées & Arc de Triomphe. 25 sq meters.
151		"Our apartment is centrally located with easy access to monuments, museums and ""grands magasins"" from nearby bus and metro lines.  steps from Parc Monceau, entry,living room, dining room,guest room, 3 bedrooms & gourmet kitchen sleeps 8 comfortably."
152	Apartment 55 m2 (near Pigalle / Champ Elysées / Parc Monceau) (Bed for two / TV) + extra bed. Fitted kitchen / bathroom with tub. The area is chic and trendy. FULL APARTMENT	Apartment 55 m2 (near Pigalle / Champ Elysées / Parc Monceau) (Bed for two / TV) + extra bed. Fitted kitchen / bathroom with tub. The area is chic and trendy. TWO PRICES 1/2 APARTMENT FULL / COMMON ROOM (Excluding Salon) Apartment 55 m2 (near Pigalle / Champ Elysées / Parc Monceau) (Bed for two / TV) + extra bed. Fitted kitchen / bathroom with tub. The area is chic and trendy. FULL APARTMENT We are at your disposal for any advice. You are two minutes from the metro Villiers in one of the most exclusive districts of Paris. Located in the parallel street to the Rue de Lévis (semi pedestrian street famous for its shops and atmosphere), you are also a five minute walk from the Parc Monceau and ten minutes by Metro from the Champs-Elysées, Pigalle and Sacré Coeur. The apartment is very nice, you will feel at home.
153	Second floor walk-up with secure entry has a large living room with two double sofa beds and the cosy bedroom with queen size bed allows sleeping for up to six guests. The bathroom (with combined toilet) has a full bath tub with shower allowing you to relax in a hot bath after a day of exploring the sights of Paris. Compact kitchen has double sinks, granite counter-tops, fridge, microwave, induction stove and washer/dryer. Use of entire apartment. A greeter will welcome guests to give keys and go over apartment utilities, answer any questions and give tips and advice about making the most of your Paris stay. Checkin time is at 16h and checkout at 11h, unless otherwise arranged in advance. The apartment is situated in rue de Levis, one of Paris' most well-known pedestrian market streets. It is within easy walking distance of Park Monceau and Batignolles  - favourite destinations for picnics, just a stroll to the famous Champs Elysées and Montmartre. Surrounded by local restaurants, café	A cosy, well-appointed apartment with Parisian charm in busy pedestrian market street, yet quiet with garden views. Sleeps 6, with easy access to restaurants, shops, transport, it gives you the best Paris experience, without the tourist hordes. Second floor walk-up with secure entry has a large living room with two double sofa beds and the cosy bedroom with queen size bed allows sleeping for up to six guests. The bathroom (with combined toilet) has a full bath tub with shower allowing you to relax in a hot bath after a day of exploring the sights of Paris. Compact kitchen has double sinks, granite counter-tops, fridge, microwave, induction stove and washer/dryer. Use of entire apartment. A greeter will welcome guests to give keys and go over apartment utilities, answer any questions and give tips and advice about making the most of your Paris stay. Checkin time is at 16h and checkout at 11h, unless otherwise arranged in advance. The apartment is situated in rue de Levis, one of Paris' 
154		Loue un couchage en appartement, en plein coeur du quartier animé rue de Lévis, avec ses commerces, restaurants, à deux pas du parc Monceau. Proximité métro Villiers.
155		"Beautiful flat of 53 meters which contains 2 bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, one bathroom and an entrance. This location is near Saint-Lazare Station, on the line n°13. This flat is perfect for 4 persons who wishes to visit the city :) line 13: ""Guy Moquet"" or ""Brochant"" Bus 66: stop ""Navier"""
156	Quartier populaire  Très commerçant A proximité des Batignolles : beaucoup de resto, cafés très sympa Prêt de Montmartre : accessible à pieds	Very quiet Sofa in living-room could be also your bed Table for 2 persons Separated kitchen 1 Shower You will enjoy your trip in Paris :-)
157	The flat is newly renovated, fully furnished with a large kitchen, a bathroom and main room, ideal for a couple. You'll be within a short wakling distance from Montmartre (10 mins) and close to most of other famous places (15 mins to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe by subway, for instance). Although the street where the apartment is located is very quiet, the area is lively, with many kinds of shops, supermarkets, bars, restaurants and most importantly, traditional French bakeries for a typical Parisian breakfast with croissants and baguette!	Hi falks! My name is Alexandre, and I'll be very happy to welcome you in this fully - and newly - renovated appartement in Paris! Right between the Batignolles and Montmartre, it'll be perfect for your stay! The flat is newly renovated, fully furnished with a large kitchen, a bathroom and main room, ideal for a couple. You'll be within a short wakling distance from Montmartre (10 mins) and close to most of other famous places (15 mins to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe by subway, for instance). Although the street where the apartment is located is very quiet, the area is lively, with many kinds of shops, supermarkets, bars, restaurants and most importantly, traditional French bakeries for a typical Parisian breakfast with croissants and baguette! Free WiFi and foreign TV channels are also  included, but I'm sure you'll prefer to enjoy a glass of red wine in Montmartre before coming back in your Parisian home after such a long visit : there is so much things to do in Paris. ;
158	It is a very cosy studio (20 m²) well distributed with a kitchenette and separated bathroom and toilets. The flat is luminous and very calm (the building is in a lovely courtyard).  	Very peaceful, calm and cosy studio near Batignolles, Montmartre and Opéra. Lively neighborhood with shops, bars and restaurants. The studio (20 m², 6th flat, no ascensor) well distributed with a kitchenette and separated bathroom and toilets.  It is a very cosy studio (20 m²) well distributed with a kitchenette and separated bathroom and toilets. The flat is luminous and very calm (the building is in a lovely courtyard).  You are located:  - 1 minute walking from the local supermarket.  - 5 minutes walking from the Monceau Park  - 10 minutes from Montmartre and the Champs Elysées by subway or bike - 4 minutes walking from the subway  Line 2 and 3 (Villiers or Rome)  - 10 minutes walking from the Station Saint-Lazare (lines (phone number hidden) and SNCF) - You can also rent a bike very easily (Velib station)
159	Cet appartement de charme de 5 pièces sur 100m2 peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.  1 chambre avec lit double , 1 chambre avec lits superposés. Un canapé-lit dans le salon et un autre dans la véranda.  1 salle de bain, 2 WC, 1 grand séjour-salle à manger, 1 cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une véranda.  Le jardin de 80 m2 abrité par les arbres est équipé de jeux pour les enfants (petite maison avec toboggan, balançoire et bac à sable).	"Maison de charme avec jardin au cœur du quartier typique des Batignolles.  Un havre de verdure et de tranquillité dans un quartier branché, très ""parisien"".  Idéal pour les familles avec enfants.  A 10 min à pied de Montmartre et Pigalle. A 2 min du métro Place de Clichy. Cet appartement de charme de 5 pièces sur 100m2 peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.  1 chambre avec lit double , 1 chambre avec lits superposés. Un canapé-lit dans le salon et un autre dans la véranda.  1 salle de bain, 2 WC, 1 grand séjour-salle à manger, 1 cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une véranda.  Le jardin de 80 m2 abrité par les arbres est équipé de jeux pour les enfants (petite maison avec toboggan, balançoire et bac à sable). Équipement: Lave-linge, sèche-linge, sèche cheveux, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, fours, wifi, télévision, console de jeux, cheminée, équipement bébé (barrière dans l'escalier, chaise bébé et lit parapluie). Contact: Téléphone, e-mail Anglais, français, portugais, espagnol Le quartier: L"
160	Our lovely top-floor apartment is located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a chic and typical Parisian neighborhood. Very safe area and really quiet. The apartment consists of a bright and large living/dining room, with a great view on Paris' roofs ! The main bedroom comprises of a double bed. The sofa bed is suitable for 1 adult or 2 children. The apartment is located on the 7th floor, with no lift, but the stairs are easy, so consider it as your daily workout :) 	Bright and modern top floor apartment located in a chic and safe area of Paris. Famous Parisian lifestyle neighborhood with markets, shops, restaurants, public transport…  Our lovely top-floor apartment is located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a chic and typical Parisian neighborhood. Very safe area and really quiet. The apartment consists of a bright and large living/dining room, with a great view on Paris' roofs ! The main bedroom comprises of a double bed. The sofa bed is suitable for 1 adult or 2 children. The apartment is located on the 7th floor, with no lift, but the stairs are easy, so consider it as your daily workout :) Guests will be able to access all the modern cons: Oven, microwave, vitro-ceramic plates, kettle, filter coffee machine, washing machine/dryer, large TV screen, high-speed wi-fi connection. Bed linen and towels are provided. A travel cot for babies up to 3 years old is also available. We remain available for our guests throughout their stay, should t
161	A romantic and well-organized study Batignolles in the trendiest district of Paris with an amazing view of the Sacre-Coeur. An intimate and warm place where to return, at home, after a day of exciting museums, monuments and shopping	A romantic and well-organized study Batignolles in the trendiest district of Paris with an amazing view of the Sacre-Coeur. An intimate and warm place where to return, at home, after a day of exciting museums, monuments and shopping A romantic and well-organized study Batignolles in the trendiest district of Paris with an amazing view of the Sacre-Coeur. An intimate and warm place where to return, at home, after a day of exciting museums, monuments and shopping The space is ideal for globe-trotters from around the world.  My guests have access to a space conceived and designed for my family ..... a space that represents the taste and love for the Italian house. The kitchen is separated from the rest of the house with a cozy breakfast nook. A spacious living room with a double bed and a comfortable sofa bed separated by a movable partition I love to look familiar and non-touristy neighborhood ... The square of Batignolle with with the geese and the small stream running through it ... th
162	UNIQUE ? Off course, it's my home : Ultra fonctional design with its full equipment! Extensive day lighting in the crossing apartment at last floor (6th no elevator)! Outstanding for its view on rooftops of Paris! 30m2, Ideal for 1/2p. or 1couple Short term location only 	Flat with 2rooms, comfortable (completely renovated), welcome (all furnished) & charming (lovely attic) Go up to 6th floor for extensive day lighting and  outstanding view on rooftops on Paris & the emblematic Eiffel Tower! UNIQUE ? Off course, it's my home : Ultra fonctional design with its full equipment! Extensive day lighting in the crossing apartment at last floor (6th no elevator)! Outstanding for its view on rooftops of Paris! 30m2, Ideal for 1/2p. or 1couple Short term location only I will do my best to welcome and offer the advice you need : neighbourhood life which I strongly like Les Batignolles... Do you know this area? Exactly 4min from Brochant station, you will enjoy a lively neighbourhood, with a lot of small unique shops and a multitude of restaurants. Need some extra peace and quiet? Chill out in the relaxing Batignolles or Martin Luther King parks for a nap, a picnic, a pétanque or even a running for the sporty ones The nearest : L13 : stop at Brochant (or Guy Môquet
163	This is a flat normally rent for long term. This is why I donot have reviews until now. A comfortable flat for a couple or even for four people in this 38 (website hidden).  You have separate bedroom (size 140x200) from the living area where you have a sofa bed (140x200) for daily rest. The street is very quiet so that being at groundfloor is nice. The flat is heated with a new gaz system and well isolated.	This flat is very new in Airbnb.  A two rooms design furnished flat in a area  where Trendy Parisian people like living. Why? Levis street, Monceau Park, Batignolles square with their bars & Restaurants to spend a nice time. This is a flat normally rent for long term. This is why I donot have reviews until now. A comfortable flat for a couple or even for four people in this 38 (website hidden).  You have separate bedroom (size 140x200) from the living area where you have a sofa bed (140x200) for daily rest. The street is very quiet so that being at groundfloor is nice. The flat is heated with a new gaz system and well isolated. You have an entire fully furnished flat.  We are available all the time during your stay with help of our mobile phone and also to our landlines all the day and night.  We are near the Batignolles square, the Levis street and Monceau Park.  What does this mean? That you have plenty of choice of bars and restaurants, where you will live a total Parisian life's st
164	This apartment, located on the ground floor overlooking a small garden of a beautiful condo has two large windows. These, facing south, provide lots of light to the main room. This spacious studio can accommodate 4 persons. On the right you will find the bathroom which is particularly comfortable: large shower area, teak parquet flooring, some storage space and a drying washing machine. To your left: double bed 140 x 200 cm; to your right: a large sofa that easily converts into a comfortable double bed, a table for 4 people. Bed linen is provided. The apartment has also a high-speed wifi connection and 170 TV channels. You may appreciate the beautiful volumes of the apartment: its nice height under ceiling and 28 m2 (300 sq ft) of the main room. The kitchen area will allow you to cook without much difficulty (4 ring hob, microwave, mini-oven, dishwasher, etc).	Spacious studio apartment (35 m2, 376 sq ft) close to the Parc Monceau, 15 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. This apartment, located on the ground floor overlooking a small garden of a beautiful condo has two large windows. These, facing south, provide lots of light to the main room. This spacious studio can accommodate 4 persons. On the right you will find the bathroom which is particularly comfortable: large shower area, teak parquet flooring, some storage space and a drying washing machine. To your left: double bed 140 x 200 cm; to your right: a large sofa that easily converts into a comfortable double bed, a table for 4 people. Bed linen is provided. The apartment has also a high-speed wifi connection and 170 TV channels. You may appreciate the beautiful volumes of the apartment: its nice height under ceiling and 28 m2 (300 sq ft) of the main room. The kitchen area will allow you to cook without much difficulty (4 ring hob, microwave, mini-oven, dishwasher, etc). You can easily
165		Bonjour à tous , je propose une petit appartement,  un charmant deux pièces pour une ou plusieurs nuits. Entre amis ou en famille, le logement est situé près de toutes commodités, transports, boutiques, restaurants.  A bientôt Souad
166	This spacious three-bedroom apartment is located on the fifth floor of an Haussmanian elevator building with concierge. The main entrance gate is protected by a security system and an intercom. The apartment has double-glazing, white-painted walls and wood floor everywhere except the kitchen, the bathrooms, and the separate toilet, which are tiled.  It has a 19m2 balcony all the way long, facing the street (northwestern exposure), the street (eastern exposure) and the courtyard (southern exposure). You can enjoy sunset on the balcony with the view of the famous Sacré-Coeur (Butte Montmartre) and of the Montparnasse tower. Windows have manual shutters. The entry door opens on a hallway that leads to the living room in front, on the left-hand side are 2 bedrooms, a shower room with toilet and the separate kitchen, on the right-hand side are the separate toilet, a bathroom and the parent’s bedroom. The 42m² living room has three windows facing the street and a fireplace. It is furnished w	Haussmannian typical 119m² 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms apartment, 2 minutes walk from the green Park Monceau, 5 minutes from Champ-Elysées (4 stations). You can enjoy the sun and sunset from the big flowered balcony with view of Paris. Ideal for a family This spacious three-bedroom apartment is located on the fifth floor of an Haussmanian elevator building with concierge. The main entrance gate is protected by a security system and an intercom. The apartment has double-glazing, white-painted walls and wood floor everywhere except the kitchen, the bathrooms, and the separate toilet, which are tiled.  It has a 19m2 balcony all the way long, facing the street (northwestern exposure), the street (eastern exposure) and the courtyard (southern exposure). You can enjoy sunset on the balcony with the view of the famous Sacré-Coeur (Butte Montmartre) and of the Montparnasse tower. Windows have manual shutters. The entry door opens on a hallway that leads to the living room in front, on the left-han
167		Private master bedroom (king size bed) in a charming parisian appartement. Fully-equipped kitchen for the chefs out there, and spacious dining/living space.  Ideally situated between the parc Monceau and Montmartre which are both a 15 minute walk.
168	Bienvenue dans mon appartement dans le 17 ème arrondissement! Je suis à votre disposition pour répondre à toutes vos questions! Je vous présente mon 3 PIÉCES TOUT EQUIPÉ qui fera le bonheur de familles, couple d’amis, groupe d’amis..  	"Lovely apartment for family, couples, friends ..  Feel like a local in my apartment in Paris :)  Near the ""Champs Elysée""  Bienvenue dans mon appartement dans le 17 ème arrondissement! Je suis à votre disposition pour répondre à toutes vos questions! Je vous présente mon 3 PIÉCES TOUT EQUIPÉ qui fera le bonheur de familles, couple d’amis, groupe d’amis..  Au centre de Paris  Metro Villiers / Wagram - A 5 minutes du parc Monceau  - A 5 minutes de Batignolles  - A 15 minutes des Champs Elysées  - A 20 minutes de Montmartre  - A 20 minutes de Pigalle ( Moulin Rouge) A 5 stations de métro :  - Saint Lazare  - Opéra  - Louvres L’appartement bénéficie de deux chambres; la première avec un lit double et la deuxième: un lit double ainsi qu’un lit simple. De plus, vous pourrez profiter d’un grand salon avec un lit double. Possibilité d’avoir un couchage en plus car il y a un matelas supplémentaire.  Au plaisir de vous rencontrer bientôt ! L’appartement bénéficie de deux chambres; la première av"
169	Charming 2 rooms flat of 33 m2 , newly renovated, very bright at the 2nd floor . It can accommodate 4 people (double bed in bedroom , Comfortable sofa bed) .	"This flat can accommodate up to 4 people for a stay in Paris. Conveniently located near metro and shops.     Charming 2 rooms flat of 33 m2 , newly renovated, very bright at the 2nd floor . It can accommodate 4 people (double bed in bedroom , Comfortable sofa bed) . The apartment is very quiet and bright. It is fully furnished with bathroom with shower , a kitchen ( oven , induction hob, microwave, toaster, coffee maker) . A laundry closet ( Dishwasher , Washing machine ) living room with sofa bed and a flat screen TV and a bedroom with a double bed. The apartment is equiped with everything you need for your comfort ( dishes , bed linen and towels). WIFI access available . We are here to welcome you and give you tips to make your stay the more pleasant. Apartment located between the Batignolles and Epinettes 700 meters from the new Martin Luther King Park , 20 min walk to Montmartre. Charming neighborhood with many shops (covered market Batignolles ) . In front of the ""Ecole 42"". Métro"
170		"Grand Studio situé à deux pas du métro ( Guy Môquet La fourche Brochant L13 )et du quartier des Batignolles Deux balcons sur cour intérieure au calme fleuri  Équipe d un canapé lit ""rapido"" deux places et d une commode lit une place (website hidden)_des_Batignolles Métro ligne 13  desservant place de Clichy St lazare les Champs Elysées invalides et Montparnasse Bienvenüe  Bus 31  direct Arc de Triomphe  81  desservant place de Clichy St lazare Les Grands Magasins Opéra La Madeleine Comédie Française musée du Louvre  les quais de seine et châtelet"
171		Beautiful and peaceful 50 square meter apartment in a pedestrian walkway located in the center, 5 mn walk from the Parc Monceau and 15  mn walk from Champs Elysés (5 minutes in subway). Living room + 1 double bed room Clear, parquet floors and nice ceiling height .  
172	Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris close to Batignolles district - Ideal for 2 person´s  - It is 36 m2 and consists of:  - A 16 m2 hardwood floor living room with an armchair and a sofa - An open, fully equipped kitchen, necessary dishes and pots for cooking, Gas cookers, fridge, washing machin… - a 16 m2 room harwood floor with a new bed (Dunlopilo mattress 160cm x 200cm.) Linens are included - Large clothes closet in the entrance - A real bathroom with shower. Towels are included - Also high speed Internet WI-FI ,-1 Flat screen TV with international channel and radio Everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris. - Place : Paris (postal code: 75017)  - Fourth Floor, no lift , street view - Good situation: 100 meters of Batignolles district all commodities, cinema, shops: French typical food, bakery, tourist places...  - Metro (ligne 13) Brochant station - Price all included: charges, water, electricity, TV, Wi-Fi  At your disposal to help you to organize your trip, place	Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris close to Batignolles district Renovated in June 2015 Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris close to Batignolles district - Ideal for 2 person´s  - It is 36 m2 and consists of:  - A 16 m2 hardwood floor living room with an armchair and a sofa - An open, fully equipped kitchen, necessary dishes and pots for cooking, Gas cookers, fridge, washing machin… - a 16 m2 room harwood floor with a new bed (Dunlopilo mattress 160cm x 200cm.) Linens are included - Large clothes closet in the entrance - A real bathroom with shower. Towels are included - Also high speed Internet WI-FI ,-1 Flat screen TV with international channel and radio Everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris. - Place : Paris (postal code: 75017)  - Fourth Floor, no lift , street view - Good situation: 100 meters of Batignolles district all commodities, cinema, shops: French typical food, bakery, tourist places...  - Metro (ligne 13) Brochant station - Price all included: ch
173	the apartment is on the top floor with wide view , on the top of the building with a low ceiling in a triangle. Can be embarrassing to access the toilet (watch pictures of bathroom).	Near Montmartre, Champ Elysees, Pigalle, lafayette gallery, Louvre musium. Composed of 2 rooms, a 1 bedroom (double bed - 2 places), a 1 living room with 1 sleeping place. Fully equipped apartment with functional kitchen and bathroom. the apartment is on the top floor with wide view , on the top of the building with a low ceiling in a triangle. Can be embarrassing to access the toilet (watch pictures of bathroom). Rent Whole Flat Yes, if you want, i can help you alltime in Paris, answer question, some information from Paris. The area is central to all amenities and interests. I answer very fast for yours messages.
174		A tout accès  . j'aime recevoir, l'échanger ,les relations humaine .  j'aime mon quartier pour la tranquillité et la sympathique des gents qui reste plutôt agréable et souriant .    je tien a préciser que c'est une colocation partager en ma présence , je mets a disposition le canapé lit du salon .   
175	This studio is located in an incredible and very calm neighborhood : French markets, bars, museums, Arc de Triomphe, ... You will always find something to do or to visit !  It is ideal to visit Paris.	Ideally located (4 minutes away from Arc the Triomphe), this cosy Studio will welcome you for a pleasant stay in Paris ! From it, you will
176	"Je suis enseignant. Je sors très souvent (donc vous ne me verrez pas beaucoup si vous choisissez le mode ""colocation""). En revanche, je peux vous aider pour découvrir Paris et je peux vous donner quelques petites adresses sympas (restos, musées etc.) ! Je peux être muet ou bavard, je m'adapte! Mes journées s'articulent autour : - du sport  -de mon travail -de mes amis -de soirées vin et fromage "	"Je suis enseignant. Je sors très souvent (donc vous ne me verrez pas beaucoup si vous choisissez le mode ""colocation""). En revanche, je peux vous aider pour découvrir Paris et je peux vous donner quelques petites adresses sympas (restos, musées etc.) ! Je peux être muet ou bavard, je m'adapte! Mes journées s'articulent autour : - du sport  -de mon travail -de mes amis -de soirées vin et fromage A 15 min des champs Élysées par métro. Toute commodité à 2 min à pied Métro Guy Moquet, RER C à 5 min, boulangerie, monoprix, carrefour etc.. Proche de Saint Lazare (10 min en métro) et 15 min des Ehamps Elysées Métro ligne 13 RER C Bus 31 -61  Bus"
177		2 pièces de 35m2 dans un immeuble entouré de toutes commodités .. 3 Em étage, côté cour TRES CALME  Accueillant et confortable  cuisine équipée (sans lave vaisselle) Beau quartier du 17 Em, et à 10 minutes à pied de l'arc de triomphe; Proche métro(s) Peut loger 2 personnes Les commerces ( pharmacie / boulangerie/ tabac/ épicerie / supérettes ....) Idéal entre autre pour les personnes de confessions judaïque, avec ses restaurants cashers et son épicerie en face. La facilité des transports ( bus métro taxis vélos etc ) L'animation non abusive de la rue et des rues autours En bus,  en métro ( place Pereire ligne 3 ) Entre autre .
178	43 square meter apartment on the 3rd floor, with lift, in a very quiet street in the heart of the Batignolles. All amenities, local shops and a park within a few minute walk. The rent is particularly low due to the fact that it is a first rental.	Building with guardian 43 sm, apt. 3rd floor with lift. Quiet street in the heart of Batignolles. All amenities, restaurants, bars, subway and parks less by 5 minutes walk. Close to Pigalle and Montmartre Functional apt. 43 square meter apartment on the 3rd floor, with lift, in a very quiet street in the heart of the Batignolles. All amenities, local shops and a park within a few minute walk. The rent is particularly low due to the fact that it is a first rental. The flat has wooden floor, a bedroom, a living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a separate wc. The flat is equipped with a dishwasher, a washing machine, and 2 TVs. Ideal for one person or a couple. Bed linens, towels and WIFI are included Do not hesitate to contact me by email if you have any questions. In the neighborhood you will find lots of restaurants, bars, a Park (Martin Luther King, 200 m.), le marché des Batignolles (150 m.), a big supermarket (Super U at 100 m) and the Subway (Brochant, 150 m). T
179		your're looking for a place to stay while discovering paris. I rend my studio who is based at the Batignolles in the 17 arrondisement. 15 minutes from Opera Garnier and 5 minutes from Montmartre.
180		Petit studio de 20m2 calme dans le quartier des Batignolles dans le 17 ième arrondissement à deux pas du métro brochant. Proche de Montmartre et du centre de Paris.
181	Duplex apartment of 110 sqm completely renovated + basement of 20 m² landscaped games room and a private courtyard of 12 m² in the district of Batignolles-Epinettes. The living room (living room, dining room) with its kitchen is 60 m². Ideally situated: the Butte Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, Pigalle Place de Clichy are within walking distance. Many bus lines take you in few minutes to the Champs Elysees, the department stores, the Opera, the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Notre Dame, Chatelet Many cinema and theater are nearby, the place de clichy. The apartment is ideal for two families. Bed umbrella available for babies. Supermarket just opposite the apartment. Numerous shops and markets nearby. Parks nearby The garden of Batignolles, the Bois de Boulogne and Parc Monceau. 	Duplex apartment of 110 sqm completely renovated + basement of 20 m² landscaped games room and a private courtyard of 12 m² in the district of Batignolles-Epinettes. The living room (living room, dining room) with its kitchen is 60 m². Ideally situat Duplex apartment of 110 sqm completely renovated + basement of 20 m² landscaped games room and a private courtyard of 12 m² in the district of Batignolles-Epinettes. The living room (living room, dining room) with its kitchen is 60 m². Ideally situated: the Butte Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, Pigalle Place de Clichy are within walking distance. Many bus lines take you in few minutes to the Champs Elysees, the department stores, the Opera, the Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Notre Dame, Chatelet Many cinema and theater are nearby, the place de clichy. The apartment is ideal for two families. Bed umbrella available for babies. Supermarket just opposite the apartment. Numerous shops and markets nearby. Parks nearby The garden of Batignolles, the Bois 
182	The flat is on the 6th floor without lift.  The toilette is outside on the corridor.	Paris center: A very small flat (8m²) in a chic area (border of 16th and 17th arrondisement). A very good location, a few steps from the Argentine subway station and the Arc en Triomphe. The flat is on the 6th floor without lift.  The toilette is outside on the corridor. Subway line 1 (Argentine, Porte maillot), near bus station of the Charles de Gaulle and Beauvais airport
183	Appartement de 80m2 lumineux et plein de Charme. Situé en plein coeur du 17 eme Arrondissement, à 500 m du maginfique Parc Monceau. A coté des de la Place de L'étoile et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est spacieux et décoré par du mobilier contemporain/design. il dispose d'une grande Chambre avec lit double sur cour arborée et tres calme et d'une seconde chambre avec un lit simple et lit Bébé. Grand Salon, Cuisine et salle de Bain spacieuse. Situé dans un arrandissement à la fois très residentiel et proche des principaux sites touristiques (Etoiles, la Madeleine, Grands magasins, Tour Eiffel..) a coté du quartier des Batignolles et du marché Poncelet. Nombreux restaurants. Extremement bien deservi par les transports en commun au pied des metros Pereire, Wagram, Ternes et Courcelles Ligne 2 et 3. Extremement bien situé, le quartier est beau et vivan, on s'y sent en sécurité. Décoré avec goût ;)	Superbe appartement refait à neuf il y a 1 an dans un magnifique immeuble haussmanien. L'appartement donne sur 2 cours intérieurs, il n'y a pas de bruit. La décoration est moderne et chaleureuse. Idéal pour une famille avec 1 ou 2 enfants en bas age. Appartement de 80m2 lumineux et plein de Charme. Situé en plein coeur du 17 eme Arrondissement, à 500 m du maginfique Parc Monceau. A coté des de la Place de L'étoile et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est spacieux et décoré par du mobilier contemporain/design. il dispose d'une grande Chambre avec lit double sur cour arborée et tres calme et d'une seconde chambre avec un lit simple et lit Bébé. Grand Salon, Cuisine et salle de Bain spacieuse. Situé dans un arrandissement à la fois très residentiel et proche des principaux sites touristiques (Etoiles, la Madeleine, Grands magasins, Tour Eiffel..) a coté du quartier des Batignolles et du marché Poncelet. Nombreux restaurants. Extremement bien deservi par les transports en commun au pied de
184	The appartement is made of one central room with an opened kitchen on the living room. One large room with a bed and multiple wardrobes, and a bathroom with a shower and everything you need.	Very quiet and lovely, this apartment of 38 square meters is located in the bohemian area of the Batignolles.  The location of this flat is perfect if you want to be immersed in the Parisian life. Indeed, you are very near from romantic restaur The appartement is made of one central room with an opened kitchen on the living room. One large room with a bed and multiple wardrobes, and a bathroom with a shower and everything you need. You will have a full access to everything in the flat : TV, Wi-Fi, Playstation 4 and a sound system. Feel free to ask should you have any question before or during your stay in Paris. We will be happy to provide you advices or ideas. Batignolles is a true Parisien area. Close from incredible places as Montmatre, Pigalle, Parc Monceau, this apartment is also near from metro station that let you free to go wherever you want.  If you have time, enjoy the very lovely and parisian market (cheese, wine...) every Saturday mornings. Metro, bike (close from several V
185		Located in typical Parisian district.  Next to M2/3 Villiers, 10 mins walk to gare St Lazare  Surrounded by tourist spots: Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Opera, Arc de Triomphe, even Lafayette & Printemps  Many nice bars and restos in the neighbourhood!
186	This flat has been redesigned and renovated in April 2015. It takes place in a very nice neighborhood, a mix between young people and family. There are a lot of different restaurants, bars, pubs and various stores in the popular rue de Levis.  The flat has a dual direction, east and west. The bedroom is quiet and opens on the courtyard. The living room, on the other side, has a sofa which can be turned in a large bed for 2 people. The kitchen is very equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, american style-freezer with its own freezer, 4 hotplates, oven, coffee machine, blender, toaster).  Bathroom with a bath	Welcome in this flat, renovated in April. 100m walking from subway Villiers (lines 2 & 3). Very close from a lot of stores and various restaurants in the famous and typical Rue de Levis. A lovely neighborhood, ideal to enjoy parisian way of life This flat has been redesigned and renovated in April 2015. It takes place in a very nice neighborhood, a mix between young people and family. There are a lot of different restaurants, bars, pubs and various stores in the popular rue de Levis.  The flat has a dual direction, east and west. The bedroom is quiet and opens on the courtyard. The living room, on the other side, has a sofa which can be turned in a large bed for 2 people. The kitchen is very equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, american style-freezer with its own freezer, 4 hotplates, oven, coffee machine, blender, toaster).  Bathroom with a bath A third room will be locked. We'll put there some of our own stuff, in order to let you space to line up your own clothes in our
187	This quiet and luminous flat has a real bed room and a mezzanine of 8m². You can sleep at 4 in 2 separated comfy bed without sleeping in the living room. It is perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and 800m from Moulin-Rouge and Montmartre. Well located and you can sleep at 2 couples without sleeping in the living room. There is no elevator and it is on the 5th Floor, so be prepared to climb! Close to metro La Fourche line 13	"This quiet and luminous flat has a real bed room and a mezzanine of 8m². You can sleep at 4 in 2 separated comfy bed without sleeping in the living room. It is perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and 800m from Moulin-Rouge and Montmartre. This quiet and luminous flat has a real bed room and a mezzanine of 8m². You can sleep at 4 in 2 separated comfy bed without sleeping in the living room. It is perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and 800m from Moulin-Rouge and Montmartre. Well located and you can sleep at 2 couples without sleeping in the living room. There is no elevator and it is on the 5th Floor, so be prepared to climb! Close to metro La Fourche line 13 The whole flat The ""Batignolles"" district is very authentic and charming with a lot of Café, terrace and restaurants. Close to metro La Fourche line 13"
188	This is a 47 sq meters (506 sq. foot) fully renovated flat. Located on the 4th floor (we have a lift) with no closed view, it is very quiet as the windows (double-glazed) are giving into the courtyard and the roofs of Paris. Everything has been entirely redone in December 2013, the flat has one bedroom, a large living room, a separated dining room, a large bathroom and a laundry room with toilets.  It can easily welcome up to 4 people with a top quality convertible couch in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom.  Flat is super quiet and very bright. The building has a concierge and a digicode at the entrance.  	We are renting a 1 bedroom fully renovated apartment located in the Batignolles district (17th arrondissement), which can welcome up to 4 people.  This is a 47 sq meters (506 sq. foot) fully renovated flat. Located on the 4th floor (we have a lift) with no closed view, it is very quiet as the windows (double-glazed) are giving into the courtyard and the roofs of Paris. Everything has been entirely redone in December 2013, the flat has one bedroom, a large living room, a separated dining room, a large bathroom and a laundry room with toilets.  It can easily welcome up to 4 people with a top quality convertible couch in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom.  Flat is super quiet and very bright. The building has a concierge and a digicode at the entrance.  All modern cons are provided with the flat -Kitchen is brand new and fully equipped (micro wave, oven, fridge, freezer, dish washer, vitro-ceramic plates).  -Bathroom has a bathtub  -A washing machine/dryer is also at your di
189	Appartement de 50m2 à 5 minutes à pieds des Batignolles et 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, il se situe dans un quartier familial le jour et animé la nuit.	Appartement de 50m2 à 5 minutes à pieds des Batignolles et 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, il se situe dans un quartier familial le jour et animé la nuit. Appartement de 50m2 à 5 minutes à pieds des Batignolles et 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, il se situe dans un quartier familial le jour et animé la nuit. Couchage : 2 lits double + 1 matelas deux places  Équipements : TV, lave linge, Internet, serviettes et draps inclus, cuisine équipée (four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes), baignoire, etc ... Quartier calme le jour et animé en soirée. Un grand nombre de bars et de restaurants sympas (Le bloc, le bistrot des cinéastes, le Bal, ...). Cinéma d'art et d'essais + Pathé à proximité. Proche tous commerces (boulangerie, supermarché, boucherie, fromagerie, etc ....) Métro Brochant et Guy Môquet à 5 minutes à pieds.  Bus 31
190	It consists of a room with a double bed, a living room with a comfortable fold-out sofa bed for 2 persons, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom with separated toilets. Suits for 4 persons. Is it located in the North-West of Paris, 2km far from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. Chambre avec lit double, séjour avec canapé convertible deux places confortable, cuisine équipée, salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Idéal pour 4 personnes.	Whole 36 sq m appartment in the heart of a lively neighbourhood in Paris. It consists
191		The flat is well located (near Montmartre) and close from-
192		Paris 17ème Studio sympa équipé, cuisine, salle de bain, chambre double, Internet. on voit L'arc de triomphe quand on sort de l'appartement proche tous commerces. Idéal pour du tourisme à deux....
193	This very beautiful haven of peace in Ternes, is located in the 16th district of Paris. On the second floor with elevator, this trendy 62m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and modernity!  The double living room is very comfortable and the sofa can also be turned into a bed. The purple and white decoration is very charming and you will enjoy enjoy your stay in such a chic flat.  There is a vast bedroom with a large bed ideal for couple!  The modern bathroom is really pretty and well organised, there is a shower, toilets are not separated.  Household linen, towels, shampoo and soap are provided.  Well equipped, this flat will bring you everything that you could ever need during your stay: washing machine, clothes dryer, hairdryer.  In the kitchen, a fridge, a a freezer, a dish washing machine and a micro wave, will be at your disposal.  You will also be able to use the WIFI and the TV.   The closest metro stations are portes maillot line 1 and ternes line 2.  If you need any 	Chic and fashion apartment Rue des Ternes in Paris. Lovely purple and white decoration for a very trendy flat, you will love its comfort and modernity. Standing and design, what else??  This very beautiful haven of peace in Ternes, is located in the 16th district of Paris. On the second floor with elevator, this trendy 62m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and modernity!  The double living room is very comfortable and the sofa can also be turned into a bed. The purple and white decoration is very charming and you will enjoy enjoy your stay in such a chic flat.  There is a vast bedroom with a large bed ideal for couple!  The modern bathroom is really pretty and well organised, there is a shower, toilets are not separated.  Household linen, towels, shampoo and soap are provided.  Well equipped, this flat will bring you everything that you could ever need during your stay: washing machine, clothes dryer, hairdryer.  In the kitchen, a fridge, a a freezer, a dish washing machine 
194	This beautiful flat is located on a quiet courtyard,  The apartment has: - an entrance corridor,  - one main room with a fully equipped kitchen, electric ceramic plates, microwave, fridge and washing machine, all standing on high quality wooden floor - a shower room with washbasin and WC, with marble floor All elements have been recently refurbished to the highest standards. Flat screen TV on the wall ensures you keep up with the world thanks to its hundreds of international channels, as well as its high speed WI FI internet. The apartment is located a few yards from renowned rue Poncelet market, a typically Parisian market of fresh, quality, terroir products, which will welcome you every day between 8am and 8pm. This is a lively area in which to walk and shop in especially on the Avenue des Ternes with its department stores , FNAC , Darty , Monoprix and many shops that are some of the best spots for clothing, perfumes, but also cultural goods, literally 5mn walk from the flat. An unde	Very well located, near all commodities and monuments of Paris. All equipped with real double bed, kitchen, and bathroom-wc. Minimum stay 4 days. This beautiful flat is located on a quiet courtyard,  The apartment has: - an entrance corridor,  - one main room with a fully equipped kitchen, electric ceramic plates, microwave, fridge and washing machine, all standing on high quality wooden floor - a shower room with washbasin and WC, with marble floor All elements have been recently refurbished to the highest standards. Flat screen TV on the wall ensures you keep up with the world thanks to its hundreds of international channels, as well as its high speed WI FI internet. The apartment is located a few yards from renowned rue Poncelet market, a typically Parisian market of fresh, quality, terroir products, which will welcome you every day between 8am and 8pm. This is a lively area in which to walk and shop in especially on the Avenue des Ternes with its department stores , FNAC , Darty , 
195	Cosy apartment, 40sqm, last floor with elevator, large room with large bed (accommodating 2ppl), and large living room with very comfortable sofa bed for 2. Small kitchenette.	"Lovely one bedroom apartment, (accommodates 4). Ideally situated, 15-minute walk to Champs-Elysées, and main metro station (Etoile, line 1, 2, 6 and RER A), Bathroom with a bathtub and small kitchenette. on the 6th and last floor with an elevator    Cosy apartment, 40sqm, last floor with elevator, large room with large bed (accommodating 2ppl), and large living room with very comfortable sofa bed for 2. Small kitchenette. You will have access to the whole apartment, TV and Wifi, kitchen with its equipment.  Bed Linens and Towels available on request. I will probably be away, so I will let my brother or a friend open the door for you. Depends on your arrival time. Ideal location. Located 1 min walking from Avenue des Ternes will all amenities you could need. supermarket right across the corner opened until 10PM, and on sunday morning. 15 min walk from the Champs Elysées.  5min walk from the tube ""ETOILE"" with the lines 1, 2, 6 and A. Lines 1 and A will lead you anywhere in Paris within "
196	C'est un magnifique appartement. Vous pourrez profiter de tous les services, d'une chambre lit double et d'un canapé lit convertible dans le salon en deux places tres facilement convertible et confortable.	A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet'  A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet' You will find an open market in the street and grocery stores. The apartment is very quite, 1st floor and elevator. There is a converitble sofas for 2 people in the living room and a queen size bed in the bedroom.  High speed internet, TV, wifi, laundry machine.  Airport shuttle, bus and metro Minimum are easily accessible from the apartment (150 meters).  Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe are 200m away from the apartment. Metro Porte des Ternes Metro Charles de Gaulle Etoile
197	linge fourni ( draps, serviettes de toilette et torchons)	linge fourni ( draps, serviettes de toilette et torchons)
198	This very well designed apartment offer you a comfortable stay thanks to an independant kitchen where you can have breakfast and an bathroom with a bath pool.  It 's big balcoon allowed you to see the street life ad breath outside easily.  The decoration I choose during diffrent trip and my design book collection give an added value to the place. never hesitate to have a read.	Situated between the charming districkt of Batignolles and best bars of Clichy, this apartment will seduce you ! Parket floor, room in alcove,  bathtub  and real kitchen..  and a wide windows open on a big balcool and on a quiete street.   This very well designed apartment offer you a comfortable stay thanks to an independant kitchen where you can have breakfast and an bathroom with a bath pool.  It 's big balcoon allowed you to see the street life ad breath outside easily.  The decoration I choose during diffrent trip and my design book collection give an added value to the place. never hesitate to have a read. I will welcome you in paris with a map of tube stations and of course precious advices that will allowed you to visit this wonderfull city as a local person. You will feel at home here ! My apartment is in between little village mood of Batignolles and night dynamic spirit of Clichy. This place offer a lot of activities and is the best location to visit an authentic Paris but n
199	This apartment, fully renovated 6 months ago, is ideal for experiencing the Paris lifestyle.  Located on the 6th floor, climbing up the stairs will be fully rewarded by the sunny view on Paris rooftops (no lift). Original wooden floors, many windows, one bathroom included, separate bedroom with comfortable king size double bed. Bath towels and bedsheets / blankets are provided. Fully equipped (wi-fi, TV, electrical heating, hairdryer, washer, oven, gas stove, microwave, separate WC), you will feel at home whilst visiting Paris. The apartment is facing a quiet one-way street. All amenities are on your doorstep: bakeries, supermarkets, greengrocers, a large choice of quality restaurant and wine bars. We will be delighted to give you a list of best shipping places/restaurants/bars for the best of your Paris trip. Ideally located close to Montmartre, Parc Monceau, Opéra, you can easily visit Paris's main landmarks either by foot or with a few stops by public transportation. Spoken language	"Typical Parisian apartment, 42m², filled with light, is located in the heart of lively and trendy ""Batignolles"" area and in a walking distance to Montmartre. This apartment, fully renovated 6 months ago, is ideal for experiencing the Paris lifestyle.  Located on the 6th floor, climbing up the stairs will be fully rewarded by the sunny view on Paris rooftops (no lift). Original wooden floors, many windows, one bathroom included, separate bedroom with comfortable king size double bed. Bath towels and bedsheets / blankets are provided. Fully equipped (wi-fi, TV, electrical heating, hairdryer, washer, oven, gas stove, microwave, separate WC), you will feel at home whilst visiting Paris. The apartment is facing a quiet one-way street. All amenities are on your doorstep: bakeries, supermarkets, greengrocers, a large choice of quality restaurant and wine bars. We will be delighted to give you a list of best shipping places/restaurants/bars for the best of your Paris trip. Ideally located clos"
200		Studio de 29m2, 1 clic-clac avec matelas de qualité + possibilité de rajouter un matelas gonflable pour 2 personnes si besoin.  Au 8ème étage avec ascenseur, pas de vis à vis, belle vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris et sur le parc en bas de l'immeuble. Studio moderne, très lumineux, dans du mobilier neuf. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Très calme. Grand balcon.
201	Easily accessible from airports Orly or CDG. Trains stations of Paris	You will have housing entire of 2 pieces, quiet, clear on the street. In a building of 1900 typically Parisian fully secured. Appartement totally  renovated respecting the charm of the old, parquet, moldings, mirror. 5 min. by walk to CHAMPS ELYSÉE . Easily accessible from airports Orly or CDG. Trains stations of Paris
202	Cosy flat,  renovated with good tasting, 55 sq m (41 available), benefiting from the charm of Haussmanniens'buildings. The location guarantee you the best experience for your stay in Paris: 2 mins from line 1 in less than 15 minutes you win the heart of Paris. Concorde, the Tuileries Gardens, the Louvre arcades, enjoy postcard's Paris. Place de l'Etoile, the Arc de Triomphe which announcing the Champs Elysees, is only 5 minutes walk. Also enjoy Ternes'district with the Place Saint Ferdinand (2mn) to discover small restaurants, bakeries and many sunny terraces. The Haussmann architecture of the surroundings is a real pleasure for the eyes wherever you go.	Cosy flat,  renovated with good tasting, 55 sq m (41 available), benefiting from the charm of Haussmanniens'buildings. The location guarantee you the best experience for your stay in Paris: 2 mins from line 1 in less than 15 minutes you win the heart of Paris. Concorde, the Tuileries Gardens, the Louvre arcades, enjoy postcard's Paris. Place de l'Etoile, the Arc de Triomphe which announcing the Champs Elysees, is only 5 minutes walk. Also enjoy Ternes'district with the Place Saint Ferdinand (2mn) to discover small restaurants, bakeries and many sunny terraces. The Haussmann architecture of the surroundings is a real pleasure for the eyes wherever you go. The accommodation consists of a living room / kitchen fully equipped with appliances (oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle, coffee maker), a bedroom with queen size bed (1.60x2m), a bathroom water, and separate toilet. I can be reached at any time by phone or Air BnB, to bring you my help if you have any questions about the flat, or to 
203	APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 120 square meter duplex apartment has three bedrooms and two bathrooms and is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 4th French floor of a 19th century building and sleeps up to 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer/dryer combo, American kitchen, large flat screen television with surround sound, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone, Cable TV, and has hard-wood floors throughout.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code and Intercom or key entry.    LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN The front door takes you directly to the main room of the house, the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 45 square meter room has two windows facing the street and one facing a small back street, and those combined with the skylights from the 2nd floor, flood these rooms with natural light. The living area, a large space with a sofa, two comfortable arm-chairs, buffet, mirrors, television w	Beautiful Modern apartment located on a popular market street in the 17éme. The apartment is a short walk to the Arc de Triomphe and has everything for a wonderful Parisian stay! APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 120 square meter duplex apartment has three bedrooms and two bathrooms and is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 4th French floor of a 19th century building and sleeps up to 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer/dryer combo, American kitchen, large flat screen television with surround sound, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone, Cable TV, and has hard-wood floors throughout.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code and Intercom or key entry.    LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN The front door takes you directly to the main room of the house, the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 45 square meter room has two windows facing the street and one facing a small back street, and those combined
204	The flat consists of a lounge with a large sofa bed, small sports equipment (bikes, stepper) TV with internal cable and musical speaker. You'll feel right at home. Being myself a big traveler, I am available to passengers for guidance. My heart beats for Paris, I will do everything for you to fall in love with this city -nice market food daily open (rue poncelet) -nice restaurant /shopping area (av des ternes+shopping mall) -3min walking from Palais des congrès.  -christmas market on the Champs Elysées -shopping area -4min walking from bus stop Beauvais -2min walking from Roissy airport bus stop  Airport -15min walking from Orly bus stop Line 1 : central line Rer C : if you want to go to Chateau de Versailles To get to the appartement from the airport take the bus Air France!  I have for you -Nespresso coffe machine -toaster -oven -dishwasher -for short stay I have a one place sofa bed for 5th person	In the heart of Parisian magic with the quiet of the countryside will charm you with its easy access from the airport and all the monuments around for leisure. 2mn walking from Palais des congres PORTE MAILLOT convenient for conference/business trip The flat consists of a lounge with a large sofa bed, small sports equipment (bikes, stepper) TV with internal cable and musical speaker. You'll feel right at home. Being myself a big traveler, I am available to passengers for guidance. My heart beats for Paris, I will do everything for you to fall in love with this city -nice market food daily open (rue poncelet) -nice restaurant /shopping area (av des ternes+shopping mall) -3min walking from Palais des congrès.  -christmas market on the Champs Elysées -shopping area -4min walking from bus stop Beauvais -2min walking from Roissy airport bus stop  Airport -15min walking from Orly bus stop Line 1 : central line Rer C : if you want to go to Chateau de Versailles To get to the appartement from 
205	The apartment is located in a XIXth century building typical from the Haussmann style. The apartment was renovated last year. It is at the 4th floor with lift. The sun is coming through in the living room and main bedroom from noon to sunset.	Situated in the heart of the 17th arrondissement of Paris, this apartment provides a perfect home base for your Paris experience.  This fully furnished apartment has one bedroom with double bed, separate bathroom and all cooking facilities. The apartment is located in a XIXth century building typical from the Haussmann style. The apartment was renovated last year. It is at the 4th floor with lift. The sun is coming through in the living room and main bedroom from noon to sunset. The guests have access to all the apartment except our baby daughter’s bedroom. We are available anytime on the phone. We speak French, English, Spanish and little German. The neighborhood is residential, with many families living and all commodities close by. Famous pedestrian street Rue de Levis is 5 minutes away and gathers all the shopping possible from finest groceries to the best bakeries and clothes shops. Batignolles covered market is great as well for groceries. Parc Monceau and Parc Martin Luther King
206	Charmant appartement parisien qui offre de jolies prestations: hauteur de plafond, parquet ancien et cheminée. Tout le charme de l'immobilier parisien dans avec un équipement moderne. D'une surface de 26m2, il se compose d'un salon et d'une cuisine toute équipée (plaques, four, lave vaisselle et lave linge), une douche + WC et 1 grande chambre. Il est situé dans lequartier animé des Batignolles.	Charmant appartement parisien qui offre de jolies prestations: hauteur de plafond, parquet ancien et cheminée. Tout le charme de l'immobilier parisien dans avec un équipement moderne. D'une surface de 26m2, il se compose d'un salon et d'une cuisine toute équipée (plaques, four, lave vaisselle et lave linge), une douche + WC et 1 grande chambre. Il est situé dans lequartier animé des Batignolles. L'appartement est situé à 150 mètres de la station de métro brochant (ligne 13).
207		"Live, as the French do, in this beautiful wooden-floored one-bed apartment, overlooking a quiet street. This 4th floor flat (no lift) offers all modern conveniences, in the heart of a busy, much sought-after Parisian neighbourhood. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Ideally situated on the border of the 17th and 8th arrondissements, this apartment is located in a wonderful, residential area. This is ""Les Batignolles"", the poets' quarter (Verlaine, Mallarmé)- close to the business and shopping areas, but still lovely, peaceful and Parisian. The Rue de Lévis Marché is the place to explore if you are a food lover. This narrow, pedestrian street houses a charcuterie specialising in delicacies from Alsace, two huge produce stands, a poissonnerie, an artisanal boulangerie known for its crusty country bread, one of the best cheese shops in the city, a place that sells fresh-ground coffee, a Nicolas wine store"
208	"Hello,  My flat is a 25 square feet place where I feel good. a little bit tiny, but well built.  • 5th floor, no elevator (good for legs ;-) • Living room & Kitchen (w/ few cooking things : small oven, plates, glasses, blabla...) • Bathroom and toilets.  • Bed is ""upstairs“ (120 cm : ok, it's not a king size, but big enough for 2 persons... quite close ;-) • TV, wifi, sound system (not to make it shout too loud ;-) • Washing machine (very simple to use) • Located in the Montorgueuil area : in the center, many food shops, cafés and restaurants around, 15 min walking from Louvre, Tuileries, Châtelet, Pompidou / Beaubourg, and very convenient with metro and Velib (stations at 200 meters) ok : you nearly know everything... don't hesitate to join me.  A preference for arrivals :  • after 7 PM  • or on friday / saturday  /sunday "	"Hello,  My flat is a 25 square feet place where I feel good. a little bit tiny, but well built.  • 5th floor, no elevator (good for legs ;-) • Living room & Kitchen (w/ few cooking things : small oven, plates, glasses, blabla...) • Bathroom and toilets.  • Bed is ""upstairs“ (120 cm : ok, it's not a king size, but big enough for 2 persons... quite close ;-) • TV, wifi, sound system (not to make it shout too loud ;-) • Washing machine (very simple to use) • Located in the Montorgueuil area : in the center, many food shops, cafés and restaurants around, 15 min walking from Louvre, Tuileries, Châtelet, Pompidou / Beaubourg, and very convenient with metro and Velib (stations at 200 meters) ok : you nearly know everything... don't hesitate to join me.  A preference for arrivals :  • after 7 PM  • or on friday / saturday  /sunday "
209	Located in the 17th arrondissement, 1 minute walk from the metro station Guy Moquet. A quarter of an hour walk from Montmartre. 5th floor with elevator. A nice double living room with a flat screen, an iMac and a nice sofa. In the second part of the living room, seperated from the first one with a door, you have an adorable convertible and cosy large couch for 2 people. 4 large French windows give access to a long balcony where there is a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast with a view of Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower (in the corner).  A deckchair is available for sunbathing. Bathroom with bathtub. A large bedroom with French doors giving access to the same long balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. A washing machine, oven, fridge, dishwasher. The apartment is very nice, bright and sunny. Lively, bakeries, cheesemakers, butchers and all types of business available at the bottom of the building. Restaurants, caterers and small Parisian cafes. Guy Moquet station at the bot	Spacious, charming apartment for up to 4 people. Long balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the sacred heart , sublime view . Kitchen, living room and bathroom. Lift, transportation access , shops & restaurants in 2 steps . Located in the 17th arrondissement, 1 minute walk from the metro station Guy Moquet. A quarter of an hour walk from Montmartre. 5th floor with elevator. A nice double living room with a flat screen, an iMac and a nice sofa. In the second part of the living room, seperated from the first one with a door, you have an adorable convertible and cosy large couch for 2 people. 4 large French windows give access to a long balcony where there is a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast with a view of Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower (in the corner).  A deckchair is available for sunbathing. Bathroom with bathtub. A large bedroom with French doors giving access to the same long balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. A washing machine, oven, fridge, dishwasher. The 
210		Jolie studio, belle exposition, à 200m du métro et des bus. Près des commerçants, des restaurants. À 10 min de Montmartre, des Champs Élysée, du Printemps Haussmann et Galeries Lafayette Haussmann.
211	Bonjour ! Pierre, Alex and Tom will be delighted to welcome you in their cosy and luminous flat of 85m².  Fully-furnished and clean, it perfectly fits families who will also enjoy the parisian way of life in the charming district of Les Batignolles. This is the ideal location as we  are at 100 meters from the metro stop Rome, direct line to Montmartre, Champs-Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. All those must-see are also at walking distance, 15min to Montmatre, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, and 20min to the Champs Elysées.  Having lived in this flat for more than 3 years, Pierre (Photographer specialized on Paris, has lived in England, China and Australia), Alex (Finance, has in lived in the US and China) and Tom (Entrepreneur, has lived in Hong Kong and Australia) will provide you with tailor-made advises and tips to make your stay a memorable one. This 3-bedroom apartment has all the comfort you need to enjoy your journey in the City of Light. Recently renovated, it is fully equipped: Nespresso m	Bright and spacious Flat in the heart of the charming Batignolles district. This 3-bedroom apartment is the perfect location to discover Paris and enjoy the typically parisian way of life of this family-friendly and dynamic neighborhood! Bonjour ! Pierre, Alex and Tom will be delighted to welcome you in their cosy and luminous flat of 85m².  Fully-furnished and clean, it perfectly fits families who will also enjoy the parisian way of life in the charming district of Les Batignolles. This is the ideal location as we  are at 100 meters from the metro stop Rome, direct line to Montmartre, Champs-Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. All those must-see are also at walking distance, 15min to Montmatre, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, and 20min to the Champs Elysées.  Having lived in this flat for more than 3 years, Pierre (Photographer specialized on Paris, has lived in England, China and Australia), Alex (Finance, has in lived in the US and China) and Tom (Entrepreneur, has lived in Hong Kong and Australia)
212	Cet appartement de trois pièces ( chambre principale, petite chambre, salon avec canapé lit) comprends également une cuisine indépendante, toute équipée ainsi que salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC indépendants.  Il associe modernité et charme de l'ancien. Une décoration claire et épurée avec de nombreuses plantes, vous permettrons de vous y sentir bien.  Le quartier des Batignolles est l'un des quartiers les plus en vogue actuellement sur Paris. De jeunes familles et parisiens s'y installent pour profiter des nombreux commerces de quartier, de parcs, de restaurants, d'activités diverses mais surtout pour l'ambiance Village qu'y règne.	En plein cœur du Village des Batignolles, cet appartement 3 pièces de 60m2 à la décoration soignée et tout équipé associe le confort moderne avec le charme des anciens appartements parisiens. Cet appartement de trois pièces ( chambre principale, petite chambre, salon avec canapé lit) comprends également une cuisine indépendante, toute équipée ainsi que salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC indépendants.  Il associe modernité et charme de l'ancien. Une décoration claire et épurée avec de nombreuses plantes, vous permettrons de vous y sentir bien.  Le quartier des Batignolles est l'un des quartiers les plus en vogue actuellement sur Paris. De jeunes familles et parisiens s'y installent pour profiter des nombreux commerces de quartier, de parcs, de restaurants, d'activités diverses mais surtout pour l'ambiance Village qu'y règne. Accès total à l'appartement sauf à la cave. Ce quartier est une sorte de village, éloigné de l'agitation et du bruit des grandes avenues. Une ambiance bobo, des
213	Ground floor, 25 m2. 1 living-room with an openned kitchen. The couch in the living is convertible in a bed for 2. 1 bedroom with a bed for 2. 1 bathroom. 	"Cosy 2 rooms flat, ground floor near touristics sites.(Montmarte, Opéra, Champs-Elysées, Tour Eiffel...). Quiet neighbourhood. Accomodation for 2-3 people. Ground floor, 25 m2. 1 living-room with an openned kitchen. The couch in the living is convertible in a bed for 2. 1 bedroom with a bed for 2. 1 bathroom. All the flat. But some closets caontaining my belongings will not be accessible.they will be identified. Accessible and central, many shops and restaurants around  (5 minutes . Quiet neighborhood. Transports very closed. Métro L.13 et RER C (6 minutes): Station ""Porte de Clichy"" Bus: - PC3 (1 minute): Station ""Lycée Honoré de Balzac"" ou ""Porte de Clichy"" - 66  (4 minute): Station ""La Jonquière"" Taxis: Station à Porte de Clichy"
214	Agreable appartemente dans un quartier vivant,2 piece apres rénovation ,la chambre avec un grand placard de rangement ,cuisine américaine ,douche et wc séparée ,l,appart au 4etage dans un immeuble calme mais sans ascenseur !	2piece dans un appart apres le rénovation ,cuisine américaine, douche et wc séparée,l,appart au 4 étage dans un immeuble calme mais sans ascenseur !il y a l,internet sans fil et il y a WI FI!!! Agreable appartemente dans un quartier vivant,2 piece apres rénovation ,la chambre avec un grand placard de rangement ,cuisine américaine ,douche et wc séparée ,l,appart au 4etage dans un immeuble calme mais sans ascenseur ! Accès facile par metro Pas de wi-fi pour le moment
215	The place is very bright and fitted out (a fitted kitchen: microwave, oven, vitro-ceramic cook top with 4 hot plates … a bathroom: washing machine, bath… and exercise bike, TV, wifi, phone, etc.). 2nd floor easy steps.There is also a nice cat! Don't hesitate to ask for more information!	Nice flat with 2 rooms, 40m2. New, clean and well equiped.  Sleeping arrangements for 3 people (double bed in the bedroom + fireside chair bed (an extra bed) in the living room). The place is very bright and fitted out.
216	L'appartement contient une cuisine séparée, une salle d'eau séparée et une grande pièce avec un lit 2 places et un petit canapé, une TV et l'accès internet. Il existe une 2ème pièce dans l'appartement mais les voyageurs n'y auront pas accès car elle contient mes affaires personnelles.	A nice small apartment in a nice neighborhood 10 minutes walk from l'Arc de Triomphe et les champs Elysées. It is fully furnished with WIFI connection. Un jolie petit appartement situé dans un joli quartier à 10 mn à pied des Champs Elysées. L'appartement contient une cuisine séparée, une salle d'eau séparée et une grande pièce avec un lit 2 places et un petit canapé, une TV et l'accès internet. Il existe une 2ème pièce dans l'appartement mais les voyageurs n'y auront pas accès car elle contient mes affaires personnelles. Vous pouvez toujours me joindre pendant votre séjour si vous avez besoin de la moindre aide ou information. Le quartier est très agréable. il y a plusieurs restaurants et commerces à proximité, il est très bien desservi (ligne 1 et ligne du métro, RER C et plusieurs lignes de bus à proximité) et très bien fréquenté;
217	My apartment is located in a classify art déco designed building.  You will have access to a wide double living room  A large lobby  Large kitchen fully-equipped 4 bedrooms with 2 private bathrooms A lot of storage place and one particular all wood dressing room   A nice TV to relax after a long day discovering Paris or after your business meetings. You have access to WIFI	I propose this beautiful fully-equipped apartment at the heart of Paris. Next to Champs Elysées, one of the most prestigious area of the City of Lights, I live pretty close so I can be there in 10 min.  My place is just waiting for your stay. My apartment is located in a classify art déco designed building.  You will have access to a wide double living room  A large lobby  Large kitchen fully-equipped 4 bedrooms with 2 private bathrooms A lot of storage place and one particular all wood dressing room   A nice TV to relax after a long day discovering Paris or after your business meetings. You have access to WIFI Détails for bed accommodations There are 4 bedrooms they all have 1 double bed.  3 of them has additional convertible bed also comfortable for 2 people.  In the living room there are 5 convertible beds.  So my apartment has 12 beds and can accommodate 24 people comfortably. (2 people per bed) I grew up in Paris, I love this city! I'll be happy to share with you, give you advice.
218	10 minutes by walk to the Arc the triomphe and the Champs-Elysées.60 m2.3ème floor.1 Kitchen.2 bedrooms .1 dining room .1 sofa.1 wc.1 bathroom.Apartement very luminous.	10 minutes by walk from Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-elysées and Bois de Boulogne.Lots of Shops.Calm.5 sleeps for adults and 1 kids (3 beds and 1 sofa).Location from 15 august to 30 august or from 8 august to 30 august 10 minutes by walk to the Arc the triomphe and the Champs-Elysées.60 m2.3ème floor.1 Kitchen.2 bedrooms .1 dining room .1 sofa.1 wc.1 bathroom.Apartement very luminous. Televion with cable and WIFI We welcome the guest and after if they need some informations they could tell us or mail. There are lots of shops and it's calm RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile Métro ligne 1 station Argentine or porte Maillot Métro ligne 2 station Ternes Bus 43 station Eglise saint ferdinand
219		Really nice appartment in center of Paris, close from Champs Elysées, Porte Maillot , and uptown .  Vey modern appartment, luminous, beautiful balcony, near many places of interest  (Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe..) full appartment subway station : Péreire or Porte de Champerret
220	30 square meters with an amazing view, it will remind you of a nice boutique hôtel suite, able to accommodate 4 people, on the last floor of a typical Hausmanian building.	Cozy & cute 1 bedroom flat, can accommodate 4 people,fully equiped,on the last floor of a typical Parisian Hausman building,with an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower & l'Arc de Triomphe. Metro just down the building.  Romantism guaranteed! 30 square meters with an amazing view, it will remind you of a nice boutique hôtel suite, able to accommodate 4 people, on the last floor of a typical Hausmanian building. Bistros, restaurants, cafés, many bus stations and the metro down the building.  Velib and autolib just down the building. Public parking 100% interaction, always available to answer any questions or uncertainties. Paris 17 is one of the cutest arrondissement in Paris. Walking distance to Place Perreire, place de la Porte Maillot and steps away from Ternes which is my favourite neighborhood. You have the métro at the feet of the building, line 3. Every other parisian métro lines crosses line 3 so you have easy access to pretty much everything and everywhere in Paris.
221	The area surrounding the apartment is lively, with plenty great places to shop, relax and sample France’s world famous cuisine nearby. The beautiful Monceau Park and the Nissim de Camondo Museum can both be reached in 10 minutes on foot. Pereire and Wagram Metro Station are just 5 minutes’ walk from the apartment. The famous Sacré Coeur Cathedral is just 15 minutes away using public transport. The Louvre Museum is a 20-minute journey on the Metro.	This charming apartment is located at the heart of France’s enchanting capital city, just 5 min away from Champs Elysées and 15 min away from the iconic Eiffel Tower and easily within reach of many of Paris’ other top sights and attractions. The area surrounding the apartment is lively, with plenty great places to shop, relax and sample France’s world famous cuisine nearby. The beautiful Monceau Park and the Nissim de Camondo Museum can both be reached in 10 minutes on foot. Pereire and Wagram Metro Station are just 5 minutes’ walk from the apartment. The famous Sacré Coeur Cathedral is just 15 minutes away using public transport. The Louvre Museum is a 20-minute journey on the Metro. The apartment features a mezzanine with double bed and a living area with a double bed and  sofa-bed. Guests can prepare meals in the fully equipped kitchen which includes a dishwasher, the bathroom features a walk-in shower. 
222	Very beautiful studio of 26m² providing access to a private patio, facing greenery.  You will find an entrance providing access to the studio The studio: a flat screen TV and a beautiful and original coffee table with a sofa bed for 2 persons.  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, hotplates, dished, coffee maker, oven, microwaves and washing machine.  The bathroom provides a big bathtub, sanitary, a pond and storage units. 	You wish to stay in calm residence but close to the famous Champs-Elysees in a location where a garden is provided in this big city? The Pereire Garden Hideout is made for you! Get settled on the 2nd floor of a splendid and very cozy apartment. Very beautiful studio of 26m² providing access to a private patio, facing greenery.  You will find an entrance providing access to the studio The studio: a flat screen TV and a beautiful and original coffee table with a sofa bed for 2 persons.  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, hotplates, dished, coffee maker, oven, microwaves and washing machine.  The bathroom provides a big bathtub, sanitary, a pond and storage units.  Most of all, you can benefit from a nice patio of 10m² where you can appreciate your course and the peacefulness of the residence.  We will be at the apartment to welcome you to provide you the keys.  A concierge service is also at your disposal to organize your trip.  Close to the “Arc de Triomphe” and the famous Champs El
223		Beau 2 pièces, spacieux, lumineux et au goût du jour. Proche des plus belles avenues, des grands magasins ainsi que du métro. Supérette juste en bas pour les courses de dernières minutes ouvert le dimanche. Marché authentique avec les beaux produits français juste en bas le mercredi et le samedi. Logement entier sauf quelques placards de rangement et une armoire dans  qui seront fermé à clés. Oui s'il il le souhaite ,pour plus d'information. On est proche de tout. On est vraiment au cœur même de la capitale 5 min des Champs Élysée ,Arc de triomphe , Metro Pereire ligne 3 quartier vivant ,restaurant ,bar ,tabac ,glacier, boulangerie ,parc monceau ,centre commercial à deux pas . Depuis ORLY, prendre Orly bus jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau puis le metro ligne 6 jusqu'à Charles de Gaulle-étoile puis le bus 92 jusqu'à pereire puis marcher 3 min . /// Depuis CHARLES DE GAULLE, prendre le rer B jusqu'à Châtelet puis le rer A jusqu'à Charles de gaulle-étoile puis le bus 92 jusqu'à Pereire puis marc
224	Je vous invite à découvrir mon appartement, lumineux et paisible, parfait pour s'y réfugier après les longues journées parisiennes ! Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous, l'appartement est confortable et cosy avec beaucoup de charme et de douceur, rempli par tout ce que j'aime : livres, photos d'art, plantes... Un nid douillet perché au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. - salon / salle à manger : 1 canapé-lit pour 2 personnes 1 table et 2 chaises parquet. - chambre :  1 lit pour 2 personnes, placard penderie. Parquet. - cuisine séparée équipée: 1 plaque à induction, réfrigérateur, lave-linge, combi four-micro ondes, bouilloire... - SdB séparée: douche, lavabo, WC, miroir, rangements, sèche-cheveux. Des draps et serviettes sont à votre disposition.  Lave Linge, Internet haut Débit illimité, Télévision grand écran, Lecteur DVD et CD, sèche-cheveux... La rue est calme, mais le quartier est très sympa, très vivant, lignes 2 et 13 du métro (qui vous emmèneront où vous voulez très rapidement), commer	Je vous invite à découvrir mon appartement, lumineux et paisible, parfait pour s'y réfugier après les longues journées parisiennes ! Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous, l'appartement est confortable et cosy avec beaucoup de charme et de douceur, rempli par tout ce que j'aime : livres, photos d'art, plantes... Un nid douillet perché au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. - salon / salle à manger : 1 canapé-lit pour 2 personnes 1 table et 2 chaises parquet. - chambre :  1 lit pour 2 personnes, placard penderie. Parquet. - cuisine séparée équipée: 1 plaque à induction, réfrigérateur, lave-linge, combi four-micro ondes, bouilloire... - SdB séparée: douche, lavabo, WC, miroir, rangements, sèche-cheveux. Des draps et serviettes sont à votre disposition.  Lave Linge, Internet haut Débit illimité, Télévision grand écran, Lecteur DVD et CD, sèche-cheveux... La rue est calme, mais le quartier est très sympa, très vivant, lignes 2 et 13 du métro (qui vous emmèneront où vous voulez très rapidement), commer
225	Bonjour - Hello - Hola My flat is in the Batignolles. This area is an amazing and trendy with a lot bars, restaurants and shops. Everything is close like Opera - Champs Elysées - Monceau - Montmartre. It's perfect to enjoy Paris the right way! L'appartement est beau. Il a été refait à neuf juste avant mon emménagement il y a 6 mois. Il est très agréable et très confortable.  Il faudra tout de même monter les cinq étages pour admirer la vue des toits et de la Tour Eiffel.  _ Vous allez pouvoir profiter d'un très beau quartier proche de tout. Il est très facile de se rendre à pied à Montmartre, sur les champs Elysees ou à Opéra par exemple. De plus, il y a de nombreux parcs autour de l'appartement : Monceau, Batignolles, Martin Luther King. _ Il y a la ligne de train de Saint Lazare qui passe à coté de l'immeuble mais l'appartement est très bien isolé donc il n'y a pas de nuisances sonores. Si vous avez une réservation pour mon appartement c'est que je ne suis pas là. Vous aurez donc acc	Bonjour - Hello - Hola My flat is in the Batignolles. This area is an amazing and trendy with a lot bars, restaurants and shops. Everything is close like Opera - Champs Elysées - Monceau - Montmartre. It's perfect to enjoy Paris the right way! L'appartement est beau. Il a été refait à neuf juste avant mon emménagement il y a 6 mois. Il est très agréable et très confortable.  Il faudra tout de même monter les cinq étages pour admirer la vue des toits et de la Tour Eiffel.  _ Vous allez pouvoir profiter d'un très beau quartier proche de tout. Il est très facile de se rendre à pied à Montmartre, sur les champs Elysees ou à Opéra par exemple. De plus, il y a de nombreux parcs autour de l'appartement : Monceau, Batignolles, Martin Luther King. _ Il y a la ligne de train de Saint Lazare qui passe à coté de l'immeuble mais l'appartement est très bien isolé donc il n'y a pas de nuisances sonores. Si vous avez une réservation pour mon appartement c'est que je ne suis pas là. Vous aurez donc acc
226	3 pièces of 60m2 : 2 bedrooms - one with a double bed  - one with a bed for a baby and a sofa Full furnished Kitchen : dishwasher, oven, microwaves,  hob, grand four, micro-ondes,  Bathroom: washing machine, 3rd floor without lift. 	Bel appartement, très bien placé (proche des lignes 2 et 1) au 3eme étage d'un petit immeuble dans une rue calme mais au sein d'un quartier dynamique(batignolles sud) Salon spacieux et cuisine américaine toute équipée! Décoration design et unique! 3 pièces of 60m2 : 2 bedrooms - one with a double bed  - one with a bed for a baby and a sofa Full furnished Kitchen : dishwasher, oven, microwaves,  hob, grand four, micro-ondes,  Bathroom: washing machine, 3rd floor without lift. If oyu have a baby, you 'll be able to use the bed and the laundry for the change.  Tea and necafé will be available as well.  We also have an air mattress if you are more than 4 personnes. please note that extra fees will be apply for a 5th person. During your stay, we will be away from town but will be available by phone for any request. The appartment is located in a hipster area which is Batignolles but also very close to a more popular area which is Avenue de Clichy. L We are 10min away by foot from the Parc M
227		Joli studio de 23 m² dans le quartier des Batignolles de Paris. Très calme, donnant sur cours , et très bien disposé. Il y a une cuisine équipée, des toilettes séparés, et un vrai lit. A côté de nombreux bars et restaurants. Et de 2 lignes de métro.
228	Charming 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of trendy Batignolles district, very quiet (on a courtyard), close to metro stations, shops in nearby rue des Batignolles (bakery, traiteur, supermarket...), nice decoration (done in 2014)	Charming 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of trendy Batignolles district, very quiet (on a courtyard), close to metro stations, shops in nearby rue des Batignolles (bakery, traiteur, supermarket...), nice decoration (done in 2014) Nice and central neighborhood with trendy shops, bars and restaurants on Place des Batignolles Parking at Mairie of XVII, metro Place de Clichy or Rome
229	Appartement deux pièces, avec cuisine ouverte, chambre séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire. Le canapé lit de très bonne qualité se trouve dans le salon. Situé au 3 éme étage avec ascenseur	Au coeur d un des plus typiques quartier bourgeois de Paris et à moins de 10 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées et du Parc Monceau.  Agréable appartement de 2 pieces avec une chambre séparée et un canapé lit dans le salon. Appartement deux pièces, avec cuisine ouverte, chambre séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire. Le canapé lit de très bonne qualité se trouve dans le salon. Situé au 3 éme étage avec ascenseur Ligne de métro 2, station Ternes à moins de 5 min à pieds  RER A, Ligne de métro 1, 6 et 2,  station Charles de Gaulle Etoile à 10 min à pieds  Plusieurs lignes de bus Dans un esprit de village, le quartier des Ternes est très agréable et sécurisé. De nombreuses commodités à proximité, avec un marché, plusieurs superettes, restaurants et shopping . Station Ternes : Metro ligne 2 situé à moins de 5 min à pieds  Station Charles de Gaulle Etoile : Metro ligne 1 - 2 et 6 - RER A à 10 min à pieds Station Pereire : Metro ligne 3, situé à 10 min à pieds  Parking payant à proximité  Plus
230	Come and stay in our apartment built on 3 levels. Exposed stone, parquet, varnished wood, just as noble and authentic materials that coexist with useful and modern equipment for a warm comfort.	"Atypical apartment of 80 m2. 10 minutes walk from the Montmartre district, near the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. Come and stay in our apartment built on 3 levels. Exposed stone, parquet, varnished wood, just as noble and authentic materials that coexist with useful and modern equipment for a warm comfort. The entire space of the apartment is available If you have any questions, needs (addresses, unmissable places, restaurants etc.), we remain at your disposal. ""Les Batignolles"" is an emblematic area of the capital. You will find many parks and restaurants as well as a warm and friendly environment. 3 nearby metro stations: La Fourche, Villiers, Rome."
231	Je mets à disposition mon petit studio de 20m2 pour l'été puis pour les week end à partir de septembre.  Ce n'est pas un logement qui convient pour une très longue durée ou pour une famille il est petit et la cuisine manque d'équipements.  Néanmoins il est confortable, propre et idéal pour visiter Paris car à proximité des meilleurs lieux touristiques et dans un quartier bien fréquenté, avec des commerces et de nombreux restaurants.  L'appartement est situé au fond d'une impasse et donne sur cour. Idéal pour les grasses matinées ! Vous disposez d'un lit d'une personne et le canapé convertible peut accueillir deux autres personnes.	Petit studio sans prétention de 20m2, pour 3 personnes maximum.  Il est situé au fond d'une impasse, dans une résidence calme, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur et donne sur cour.  Location idéale !  A 15mn à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Je mets à disposition mon petit studio de 20m2 pour l'été puis pour les week end à partir de septembre.  Ce n'est pas un logement qui convient pour une très longue durée ou pour une famille il est petit et la cuisine manque d'équipements.  Néanmoins il est confortable, propre et idéal pour visiter Paris car à proximité des meilleurs lieux touristiques et dans un quartier bien fréquenté, avec des commerces et de nombreux restaurants.  L'appartement est situé au fond d'une impasse et donne sur cour. Idéal pour les grasses matinées ! Vous disposez d'un lit d'une personne et le canapé convertible peut accueillir deux autres personnes. Bus à 1mn à pied de l'appartement avec pour terminus la Gare Montparnasse et à deux stations du métro Charl
232	The 1 bedroom flat on the 3rd floor with no lift is ideal for a couple.	This 34 sq2 flat is located in a nice 19th century's building, in the charming rue des Acacias, at a walking distance from the Av. Champs Elysées, one of the most prestigious street in the world with its cafés, restaurants, cinémas and luxury shops. The 1 bedroom flat on the 3rd floor with no lift is ideal for a couple. Its is equiped with a washing machine, an HD Tv, and high speed unlimited internet wifi. The bedroom with a double bed and the adjacent living room are very quiet, with a view on a private back street court yard. It also has a very functional open kitchen and bathroom. we will only welcome our guest for check in and check out. You will fall in love with this embematic area of Paris. A 7 minutes walk leads you to the Arc de Triomphe. From there, you can stroll along the 1.7 km Champs Elysées towards the Place de la Concorde. It is a shoping delight with a lot of restaurants nearby. You may buy quality products in one of the groceries in rue des Acacias You may also decid
233		Paris 17ème, Batignolles (metro La Fourche, Place de Clichy, Rome, Pont Cardinet), Rue Lemercier, Apartment of 40m2, 2 rooms, fifth floor. The Apartment comprises an entrance, a living room (20m2) with fireplace French window and a balcony (5 meters
234	Niche dans un charmant hotel particulier ce studio à la fois fonctionnel et cosy sera votre refuge en amoureux ou en petite famille. Lit double en mezzanine et lit simple taille adulte en dessous. Pour les enfants le jardin d'acclimatation du bois de Boulogne et ses attractions. Pour les adultes jardins pereire et monceau, boutiques des Champs Elysees, restaurants gastronomiques Non touristiques, le bar à cocktail L'Ambre le meilleur du tout Paris, et bien d'autres bonnes adresses à vous partager !	Studio aux beaux volumes grand ouvert sur la charmante rue Eugène Flachat dont les hôtels particuliers Art deco attirent les photographes urbains. A 15 min a pied ou à metro direct du marché à fleurs de Ternes et de l Arc de Triomphe. Tout confort. Niche dans un charmant hotel particulier ce studio à la fois fonctionnel et cosy sera votre refuge en amoureux ou en petite famille. Lit double en mezzanine et lit simple taille adulte en dessous. Pour les enfants le jardin d'acclimatation du bois de Boulogne et ses attractions. Pour les adultes jardins pereire et monceau, boutiques des Champs Elysees, restaurants gastronomiques Non touristiques, le bar à cocktail L'Ambre le meilleur du tout Paris, et bien d'autres bonnes adresses à vous partager ! Accès direct depuis Porte Maillot arrivée des bus de l aéroport Acceso directo desde aeropuertos de Beauvais y Charles de Gaulle If you are arriving by coach from Beauvais and Charles de Gaulle this is your destination ! Beau quartier haussmanien 
235		Très clair, dans un quartier agréable –nombreux commerces et beau square juste en bas– l'appartement au 5è étage (ascenseur) comprend deux pièces sur rue (chambre double vitrage). Cuisine équipée, sdb avec douche, grande entrée, wifi, TV, WC séparés.
236	In quoted(esteemed) of the subway Carry(Wear) Shirt (line 1), arrivals and departures shuttles airport of Beauvais, in 10 minutes in feet of the Champs-Elysées.	"District Ternes/Champs Elysées. Small independent flat, for one person (or two ""lovers""). Quite equipped. 2 big windows with a view of the roofs of Paris (Sacred Heart, Arc de Triomphe and Eiffel Tower) quiet and sunny.  8th stage with elevator. In quoted(esteemed) of the subway Carry(Wear) Shirt (line 1), arrivals and departures shuttles airport of Beauvais, in 10 minutes in feet of the Champs-Elysées. Access at all the flat Information on Paris, events, visits, restaurants, coffees, bars, plans shopping etc. Near Champs Elysées. In quoted(esteemed) of the subway Carry(Wear) Shirt (line 1), arrivals and departures shuttles airport of Beauvais, in 10 minutes in feet of the Champs-Elysées. District Mat. Small independent, mini small flat, ideal for a person (or two ""lovers""). Quite equipped: cooktop, oven microphone, refrigerator, kettle, barkeeper, toaster, dishes, sheets and towels, hairdryer, TV, wireless internet, shower, cupboard. Done up like new. Toilets shared. On the 8th floor "
237	I propose you to rent my studio when I'm traveling. Charming and cosy studio (23m²) ideally situated in the “quartier des Batignolles” in the 17th arrondissement. The apartment is on the 4th floor of a 19th century building: -Within 10 min walk from Moulin Rouge, Pigalle…  -Within 15 min walk from St lazare, Galleries Lafayette, Printemps… -Beside many supermarkets, cafés, wine bars, restaurants (rue des Dames) and a cinema (Pathé Wepler) -There are 3 Metro stations nearby : Rome on line 2, Place Clichy on line 2 and La Fourche on line 13; taking you straight to many of the major sites.  It accommodates up to 2 people: Fully equipped small kitchen (fridge, oven, coffee machine) Bathroom with shower, sink & toilet   There is a large double bed (160x200cm), a dinner table, storage space, a sofa and internet wifi.  The internet is a wireless connection and there is a digital TV connection (TNT) We provide you Towels and Sheets for the bed  The clean up should be done by the occupant at th	I propose you to rent my studio when I'm traveling. Charming and cosy studio (23m²) ideally situated in the “quartier des Batignolles” in the 17th arrondissement. The apartment is on the 4th floor of a 19th century building: -Within 10 min walk from Moulin Rouge, Pigalle…  -Within 15 min walk from St lazare, Galleries Lafayette, Printemps… -Beside many supermarkets, cafés, wine bars, restaurants (rue des Dames) and a cinema (Pathé Wepler) -There are 3 Metro stations nearby : Rome on line 2, Place Clichy on line 2 and La Fourche on line 13; taking you straight to many of the major sites.  It accommodates up to 2 people: Fully equipped small kitchen (fridge, oven, coffee machine) Bathroom with shower, sink & toilet   There is a large double bed (160x200cm), a dinner table, storage space, a sofa and internet wifi.  The internet is a wireless connection and there is a digital TV connection (TNT) We provide you Towels and Sheets for the bed  The clean up should be done by the occupant at th
238		Perfect studio flat near Champs Elysees. For romantic retreat or just to spend few days in a bright flat in the best district area of Paris
239	Charme traditionnel parisien, parquet ancien en chêne et marbre, beaux miroirs, vitraux. Wifi gratuit. Cuisine équipée. Interphone, digicode et porte blindée	   Pleasant and welcoming vacation apartment perfect for 2 people, near to the famous Champs Elysees, in Paris.   Easy to go to Louvre Museum and Champs Elysées with the line 1 or Orsay Museum and Eiffel Tower with RER C. I am living 5 mintues from the appartment so you can contact me anytime, i will be glad to help you Close to the Rue des Ternes and its many shops, services and restaurants that can keep you well-stocked during your visit. Your holiday home is also situated near some of the most important monuments in the city including the Arc de Triomphe, on the Place de L’Etoile. From here, you can also reach the romantic Monceau Park, which was painted by Claude Monet, Vuitton Foundation builted by Frank Gehry or carry on down to the Champs Elysées for some shopping or simply take a break in one of the restaurants along the iconic avenue. Afterwards, we suggest you carry on with a visit to the Tuileries Gardens which face the beautiful Louvre Museum.    Line 1 or RER C, many buses
240	"A charming apartment of 45 sqm with wooden floors, high ceilings, moldings and fireplace. Located on the 5th floor with a balcony overlooking a quiet street. Ideal for a couple, but a third person may stay in the living room on a ""bed / couch."" Sheets for bed : inclued Bath Towels: not included"	"Bright and spacious apartment in a Haussmannian style building in the heart of Batignolles. One bedroom with double bed, living room, kitchen and separate bathroom. Located 10 minutes from Montmartre and near the Champs Elysees. A charming apartment of 45 sqm with wooden floors, high ceilings, moldings and fireplace. Located on the 5th floor with a balcony overlooking a quiet street. Ideal for a couple, but a third person may stay in the living room on a ""bed / couch."" Sheets for bed : inclued Bath Towels: not included Travelers have access to the entire apartment. The apartment is located in the Batignolles district, a little village in the heart of Paris with its market, its park, its church and many trendy restaurants and bars. There are several supermarkets located at 2 minutes from the apartment. Including a Monoprix open until 10pm and a market open every day to buy fresh products. Metro La Fourche (line 13) within 5 minutes. Metro Place de Clichy (line 13 and 2) within 10 min. I"
241		Located in the very charming Batignolles, this cozy and bright two-room appartment will perfectly suit your stay in Paris.
242	3 chambres disponibles : une chambre d'enfant avec un lit de 90*180, une avec des lits superposés pour adultes ou ado (Un lit 90*200 en mezzanine et un lit de 90*200), un lit double dans le salon. Une cuisine et une salle d'eau neuve.	Bonjour, je vous propose mon appartement, refait à neuf, à 5 min du métro Guy Moquet (ligne 13), au calme et donnant sur le square des Epinettes. Quartier dynamique avec tout à portée de main : supermarchés, boulangeries, bouchers, pharmacies... 3 chambres disponibles : une chambre d'enfant avec un lit de 90*180, une avec des lits superposés pour adultes ou ado (Un lit 90*200 en mezzanine et un lit de 90*200), un lit double dans le salon. Une cuisine et une salle d'eau neuve. Un ascenseur et des escaliers sont à votre disposition Plusieurs supermarchés à votre disposition : un carrefour, un Monop (ouvert jusqu'à 22h) et un Franprix (ouvert tous les jours même le dimanche). Bouchers, boulangers, poissonniers et fromagers sont aussi à votre disposition, à 2 minutes de l'appartement. Métro ligne 13, Bus 31 et 81
243	This studio of 12 metres is at the first floor of luxury building with lift. Toilets and shower are	Located in a big Parisian street Wagram in the chic quarter the studio is situated in the first floor of the quite building. Ideal place to discover Paris by walk. Champs Elysees is 15 min. Commerces and restaurants are 10m and metro is 100m away. This studio of 12 metres is at the first floor of luxury building with lift. Toilets and shower are
244	Hello, I rent my flat of 70m2, 3 sleeping rooms. There are  severals supermarkets very close (3min by walk). And the Champs Elysées are just at 15 min by walk! Well located : Metro :  porte maillot (L1) and porte de champerret (L3) Spacieux, lumineux, bien situé Quartier calme et sécurisé, résidentiel et bien desservi. Subway : L1 (porte maillot) and L3 (Porte de champeret)  Bus: PC1	Hello, I rent my flat of 70m2, 3 sleeping rooms. There are  severals supermarkets very close (3min by walk). And the Champs Elysées are just at 15 min by walk! Well located : Metro :  porte maillot (L1) and porte de champerret (L3) Subway : L1 (porte maillot) and L3 (Porte de champeret)  Bus: PC1
245		Hello and welcome to my appartement ! It has all you will need for your stay in Paris.  50m from the Guy Moquet station, easy to access and very quiet place! 
246		Renovated and comfortable apartment located in the 17th (Porte Maillot). Situated in a high standard residence, the apartment is a 15-minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.  Metro Porte Maillot, (ligne 1 et RER C) : 7 minutes à pied - Métro Porte de Champerret (ligne 3) : 5 minutes à pied - Bus PC1, PC3 et 43 : 2 minutes à pied
247	This 50 sqm is located within 5 min walk within the Champs Elysees. Ternes is a very chic and prestigious district and you will be surrounded by nice restaurants, cafes and luxury shops !	This 50 sqm is located within 10 min walk within the Champs Elysees This 50 sqm is located within 5 min walk within the Champs Elysees. Ternes is a very chic and prestigious district and you will be surrounded by nice restaurants, cafes and luxury shops ! The apartment is has a large living room with an opened and fully equipped kitchen, and a separated bedroom with a 140x200 double bed.  The apartment is at the 2nd floor. It is located in the Poncelet street, known for its food market shops. You will be at a 5 minutes distance from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysee. The nearest metro stop is Ternes on line 2 (100 m) or Charles de Gaulle - Etoile on metro line 1 and RER A (500 m). From here you can access all touristic sites in Paris within 30 min !
248	bel apt ensoleillé tout équipé dans un quartier très sympa et pratique	fully furnished apt, 10 minute walking distance to champs elysees in a quiet street, 1min from metro line 1 Porte Maillot, 1 bedroom, one small room, comfy living room, kitchen with dish washer + washing machine   
249	For holidays or business trip . Better than the hotel: you can take your meals there and enjoy a space worthy of a beautiful suite.  + Air conditioning.    No smoking. No pets. Two rooms apartment , peacefull, sunny with a large balcony with a view on the square.  On the 6th floor with elevator .  Completely renoveted and equipped.  Parquet floor, sound proof window, Security gate, digicode, Vigik.  Television, Telephone,  Unlimited Internet Access HD,WIFI.  Composition :  - entrance  - living room with 2 leather sofa ,coffee tables.  - american kitchen, completely equipped:dishe-washer, fridge-freezer, hot plate induction, microwave oven-grill, coffeepot, toaster, kettle.  Table, chairs  - Bedroom:  1 double bed queen size (160 cm × 200 cm,63 in × 79 in),  closets,desk, television, radioalarm clock, bedsheets furnished  - Showeroom: large shower closed by glasses, hairdryer, bath towels.  - Independent TOILETS and laundry space with washing machine  - Transportations:Subway, Bus,Autol	Be at Home in Paris ! Yes you can... Appartment with balcony overlooking on garden, sunny, quiet. Heavenly sunsets...Be at Home in Paris !  For holidays or business trip . Better than the hotel: you can take your meals there and enjoy a space worthy of a beautiful suite.  + Air conditioning.    No smoking. No pets. Two rooms apartment , peacefull, sunny with a large balcony with a view on the square.  On the 6th floor with elevator .  Completely renoveted and equipped.  Parquet floor, sound proof window, Security gate, digicode, Vigik.  Television, Telephone,  Unlimited Internet Access HD,WIFI.  Composition :  - entrance  - living room with 2 leather sofa ,coffee tables.  - american kitchen, completely equipped:dishe-washer, fridge-freezer, hot plate induction, microwave oven-grill, coffeepot, toaster, kettle.  Table, chairs  - Bedroom:  1 double bed queen size (160 cm × 200 cm,63 in × 79 in),  closets,desk, television, radioalarm clock, bedsheets furnished  - Showeroom: large shower c
250	Lovely Comfortable studio for 2 people living 5 minutes from St Lazare , 10 minutes from Montmartre, 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees. Studio 21 m2 - 2nd floor with elevator in a secure building (2 Key Pad). Equipped with a TV - with free wifi internet - Sofa bed - refrigerator. Bathroom with shower and toilet new. The studio is conveniently located near the metro line 13 station Brochant and Transilien Pont Cardinet several bus lines and bike stations allowing you to go to the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées, the Galeries Lafayette and the Gare Saint Lazare in a few minutes. Close to restaurants, local shops .....	Charming studio near Montmartre and the Champs Elysées, Opera, Gallerie Lafayette, close to Saint Lazare, Park batignolles. Ideal for stay in Paris. Near subway. New Studio of 21 m² overlooking the Martin Luther King Park. Lovely Comfortable studio for 2 people living 5 minutes from St Lazare , 10 minutes from Montmartre, 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees. Studio 21 m2 - 2nd floor with elevator in a secure building (2 Key Pad). Equipped with a TV - with free wifi internet - Sofa bed - refrigerator. Bathroom with shower and toilet new. The studio is conveniently located near the metro line 13 station Brochant and Transilien Pont Cardinet several bus lines and bike stations allowing you to go to the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées, the Galeries Lafayette and the Gare Saint Lazare in a few minutes. Close to restaurants, local shops ..... E-mail : (email hidden) Overlooking Martin Luther King Park. Many restaurants and supermarkets around my apartment. Subway 13 Brochant I live at 30 mi
251	It is a beautiful stone building of very good quality with a secure access. The apartment is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and has views on a courtyard.  Typically Parisian with its waxed parquet and its moldings, this apartment provides charm and comfort in every room. From the entrance with in-wall storage areas can be accessed every room. Overlooking a small courtyard, the living room is contemporarily decorated and equipped with a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a TV. The bedroom features a 140 cm bed and a wardrobe. On the other side of the apartment, you can find the bathroom and a nice Italian shower, as well as separate toilets and an independent kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, an oven, hotplates and a washer.	This family neighborhood, with its pleasant walk, is surrounded by many cultural and professional beauties, such as the Palais des Congrès, the place de l’Etoile or the Parc Monceau. The apartment perfectly matches this executive spirit and is cozy ! It is a beautiful stone building of very good quality with a secure access. The apartment is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and has views on a courtyard.  Typically Parisian with its waxed parquet and its moldings, this apartment provides charm and comfort in every room. From the entrance with in-wall storage areas can be accessed every room. Overlooking a small courtyard, the living room is contemporarily decorated and equipped with a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a TV. The bedroom features a 140 cm bed and a wardrobe. On the other side of the apartment, you can find the bathroom and a nice Italian shower, as well as separate toilets and an independent kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, an ov
252	Our flat is very confortable and has been fitted out in a convenient way to ease our day to day living.  The bedroom is exposed North East, which makes waking up enjoyable on sunny mornings.  The living room, exposed South West, is equipped with a dining table and a sofa area to relax.	nice flat, very well exposed, bright, functional, equipped with good taste. Situated in a lively neighbourhood and close to all facilities. Metro at 100m. 15min walk from arc de Triomphe & 10min walk from Porte Maillot Our flat is very confortable and has been fitted out in a convenient way to ease our day to day living.  The bedroom is exposed North East, which makes waking up enjoyable on sunny mornings.  The living room, exposed South West, is equipped with a dining table and a sofa area to relax. You will have access to all the rooms. During your stay, we can provide you with tips and advices on the city. 15min walk from Charles de Gaulle Etoile (Champs Elysees) 10min in metro from place de Clichy, Pigalle, Saint Lazare station the big and modern mall SO OUEST is at 10min walk  5min walk from the lovely place Pereire for restaurants and bars Metro 3 PORTE DE CHAMPERET at 100m Metro 1 porte MAILLOT at 10min walk RER C PEREIRE à 5min at 10min walk BUS 84, 92, PC1, PC3 at 100m A cat n
253		    Loue appartement Paris 17éme 2 pièces cuisine salle de bain, 80m2 situé entre l’aéroport d’Orly et l’aéroport Charles de Gaulle 3éme étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble ancien avec beaucoup de charme. Appartement très lumineux.   
254	The shower and Toilets are in the hallway ( divided between 3 Neighbors).	Located in a big Parisian street Wagram in the chic quarter  the studio is situated in the first floor of the quite building. Ideal place to discover Paris by walk. Champs Elysees is 15 min. Commerces and restaurants are 10m and metro is 100m away. The shower and Toilets are in the hallway ( divided between 3 Neighbors).
255	Private landing with direct elevator access. Cozy, chic and functional, this apartment has a wall bookcase, a kingsize bed and a bathtub. Fully equipped kitchen (robot, juicer, blinder, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, TV, wifi...). There is only one room but the sofas in the lounge can be used as extra bed (90cm mattress). It is located in a quiet and very chic area but 2 minutes from rue de Levis, bustling shopping street well known for its shops. The area has many restaurants and shops (pharmacy, supermarkets ...).	Two-room apartment of 55 sqm in a mansion historic monument. Ideally located 2 minutes from Parc Monceau, Galeries Lafayette and Champs Elysées (2 metro stations). It is cozy, very bright and has a 4.5 meters clearance. Private landing with direct elevator access. Cozy, chic and functional, this apartment has a wall bookcase, a kingsize bed and a bathtub. Fully equipped kitchen (robot, juicer, blinder, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, TV, wifi...). There is only one room but the sofas in the lounge can be used as extra bed (90cm mattress). It is located in a quiet and very chic area but 2 minutes from rue de Levis, bustling shopping street well known for its shops. The area has many restaurants and shops (pharmacy, supermarkets ...). To the entire apartment: kitchen, living / dining room, bedroom and bathroom with tub. A person will be dedicated to the guest in order to provide help and advices if needed (by phone and physically). This one lives near and speaks fluently english. The 
256	joli appartement sur cour vous permettra de séjourner à Paris tout en étant au calme. Très lumineux, vous disposerez d'une chambre séparée (lit 2 personnes), un salon, d'une cuisine indépendante et d'une salle de Bain/WC. Au 5e étage avec ascenseur vous pourrez bénéficier d’une vue sur les toits de Paris. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement. Vous faites ici comme chez vous. Je suis à votre disposition pour que vous passiez un bon séjour. Nous pouvons échanger facilement! A deux pas des Batignolles dans le 17e arrondissement, et proche du quartier des Abbesses/ Montmartre. Le quartier des Batignolles est très sympathique, familiale avec de nombreux restaurants. Sur la ligne 13, métro Brochant, vous serrez à 15 min de la gare Saint Lazare et 25 min de la gare Montparnasse en direct. Au pied de l'appartement, le bus 66 vous emmènera à Opéra, Haussmann/grands magasins. Au bout de la rue, le bus 54 vous emmènera au pied de Montmartre, Pigalle...et le 74 vous conduire au Louvre ou à Châtele	joli appartement sur cour vous permettra de séjourner à Paris tout en étant au calme. Très lumineux, vous disposerez d'une chambre séparée (lit 2 personnes), un salon, d'une cuisine indépendante et d'une salle de Bain/WC. Au 5e étage avec ascenseur vous pourrez bénéficier d’une vue sur les toits de Paris. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement. Vous faites ici comme chez vous. Je suis à votre disposition pour que vous passiez un bon séjour. Nous pouvons échanger facilement! A deux pas des Batignolles dans le 17e arrondissement, et proche du quartier des Abbesses/ Montmartre. Le quartier des Batignolles est très sympathique, familiale avec de nombreux restaurants. Sur la ligne 13, métro Brochant, vous serrez à 15 min de la gare Saint Lazare et 25 min de la gare Montparnasse en direct. Au pied de l'appartement, le bus 66 vous emmènera à Opéra, Haussmann/grands magasins. Au bout de la rue, le bus 54 vous emmènera au pied de Montmartre, Pigalle...et le 74 vous conduire au Louvre ou à Châtele
257	"Hello,  I rent this nice five-room apartment  for a family with young children or a couple (However, the apartment - despite its surface - is not suitable for more than 2 adults).  The bright apartment is in the 17th district of Paris, in the very pleasant Batignolles neighborhood (this is a cradle of the Impressionists who were reunited under the name ""group batignolles"" - see photo), at the first floor of a traditional charming parisian building (wooden floor, shaft, mouldings).  We have a wide living room-dining room  with a small balcony in every window. The kitchen is very functional: equipped well (I like very much cooking) and we can take meals there  There are three rooms : - The one (parental) with a big bed,  - Two others with a bed child in each (it is possible in the biggest to add a adult’s bed of supplement). The bathroom (with bathtub) is separated from toilets.  . Sheets and towels are supplied. In term of safety : all the rooms have a smoke detector (+ a fire extinguis"	"The apartment - with its three bedrooms - ideal for a family (baby equipment on site). It is in the midst of Batignolles (and not to ""epinettes"" as many referred to batignolles apartments) while being close to transport. Hello,  I rent this nice five-room apartment  for a family with young children or a couple (However, the apartment - despite its surface - is not suitable for more than 2 adults).  The bright apartment is in the 17th district of Paris, in the very pleasant Batignolles neighborhood (this is a cradle of the Impressionists who were reunited under the name ""group batignolles"" - see photo), at the first floor of a traditional charming parisian building (wooden floor, shaft, mouldings).  We have a wide living room-dining room  with a small balcony in every window. The kitchen is very functional: equipped well (I like very much cooking) and we can take meals there  There are three rooms : - The one (parental) with a big bed,  - Two others with a bed child in each (it is possi"
258		Petit appartement très cosy, très mignon, décoration design, grande terrasse aménagée de 25 mètre carrés, quartier agréable et facile d'accès (Métro Malesherbes, Villiers). Machine à laver, wifi, nespresso, tout confort.
259	L'appartement fait au total 35m2 très bien agencé et avec une chambre lumineuse. La résidence est calme est les voisins discrets.L'appartement est entièrement neuf et agréable à vivre.	Right in between Clichy and Batignolles, the typical parisian village, you'll find a 1 bedroom apartment + living room w/ sofa, king size bed, furnished & equipped kitchen, TV/ wifi and bathroom. 
260		Appartement clair, en étage élevé, distribué en étoile Proche du célèbre Parc Monceau, de la gare St Lazare, de l'opéra, du Louvre et des grands magasins. Proches de commerces, boulangeries, primeurs, dans une rue parallèle : la rue Lévy.
261	Our small apartment is extremely well arranged: a living room on the street side for maximum light and a bedroom on courtyard to sleep calm. Kitchen and bathroom optimized.	"Bright appartement just between the batignolles and Montmartre neighboorhoods, you will be next to the metro, lot of little store, bar restaurant and brand new Clichy-Batignolles park. Our small apartment is extremely well arranged: a living room on the street side for maximum light and a bedroom on courtyard to sleep calm. Kitchen and bathroom optimized. Acces everywere. You will see we quickly made the rounds! Generally, we leave the apartment when we go on week-end. We will be far from Paris. But feel free to ask your questions in advance so that we can best accommodate you and prepare your stay. The apartment is located between two distinct and pleasant neighborhoods. on one side the Batignolles, a little ""bobo"" fashionable, with parks, quiet place to relax and several restaurants and bars. From the other living quarters of XVIII district with shops of all kinds. Velib, bus and metro nearby for best mobility."
262		Paris, 10minutes walking from champs elysees and Opera,  metro lines 2 & 3! appart 35 m with all services: Bed frigo, dishes, microwave, WC internet wifi, sofabed. capacity: 4.  Levis District with french tipical markets, stores, Parc Monceau.   
263	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with a elevator. The livingroom has a TV and sofa.  The sleepingroom is cozy and charming	Quiet and cosy 53m2 apartment, located in a very nice area close to the Arc-de-Triomphe and the Avenue des Champs The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with a elevator. The livingroom has a TV and sofa.  The sleepingroom is cozy and charming Fully equipped kitchen,  with toaster and Nespresso coffee mashine My apartment is situated in a typically parisian street, with one outdoor market around the corner which is daily open (marche Poncelet, open 7am-7pm, even sundays and bank holidays untill 1pm) full of traditional shops : fruits and vegetables, fish, bakeries, wine, cheese, good restaurants and cafés.  In the neighbourhood are many grocery shops but also some nice shops for shopping (Sephora, Gap, Kookai, shoe stores etc)  The location of the apartment is perfect for sightseeing in Paris. The Arc de Triomphe is in a walking distance of less than 10 min.  All other touristic highlights can be reached easily by the metro (few minutes by metro direct line, 1, 2 or 6) to the Eiffel 
264		The neighborhood of ours is a construction in process. A process of blossoming. You will find here beautiful parcs and charming restaurants withing few minutes walk. Metro and buses are just behind the corner and they take you to the center of Paris
265	Friendly decoration in a fantastic area, heart of Batignolles area. Spacious and really bright apartment in 3rd floor of a nice building, King size bed in the bedroom, really confortable and luxury sofa bed in the living room. significant dining table for 8 people and big kitchen with everything you need to eat and cook. Separated toilets to the bathroom 	This beautiful apartment of 60 m² on the 3rd floor with elevator is situated in the heart of the crowded and popular street rue des Moines as well as in the historic district of Batignolles. Friendly decoration in a fantastic area, heart of Batignolles area. Spacious and really bright apartment in 3rd floor of a nice building, King size bed in the bedroom, really confortable and luxury sofa bed in the living room. significant dining table for 8 people and big kitchen with everything you need to eat and cook. Separated toilets to the bathroom  The entire apartment is only for you, nobody else will stay inside. It s yours. I will meet you during your arrival to explain you everything, show you our guest book and give book. It's for why it's important to let us know your arrival time to organizing in the best way your arrival. Fantastic neighborhood, safe and lively, trendy atmosphere, easy bars, restaurants and clubs Access by subway from any airport and train stations Nearest metro is l
266		Bourgeois, charming and spacious one bedroom  apartment (700 ft2) next to Champs Elysées. Ideal location, quiet, sunny balcony, Wifi, TV, fully equipped kitchen, queen size bed, close to metros, shops and restaurants.  Guest will have access to all the apartment, without restriction. We can interact with guest at their convenience. Metro Ternes, Etoile et Argentine.
267	A decoration full of colors, kicking and unique place in Paris, to discover.	This apartment is warm and welcoming, Bathed by light with a fantastic view over Paris and the Eiffel Tower. A haven of peace, you will feel at home there. Central, close mat and everything trades. A decoration full of colors, kicking and unique place in Paris, to discover. Access has the whole apartment (elevator) A person will be reachable for any need for help(assistant) Close district Champs-Elysées - on foot 15 mn - trade and restaurants nearby. Close district of the Ternes Area and the Arc de Triomphe Subway and bus at the foot of the building Rent for 1 week minimum
268	We own a flat in chic west of Paris.Levallois Perret next to paris Neuilly sur Seine, in a very residential area. Area is quiet with lots of restaurants and shops nearby. the room has a private lavabo and access to shared toilets and shower room. Breakfast is prepared.we can can pick you up at AirFrance bus terminal (porte maillot or Etoile) Welcome drink offered the flat is 120m² about 1200 sq feet with 5 rooms Metro stations at 5 minutes Louise Michel or Porte Champerret bus station less than 1 minute  away (phone number hidden) room is clear and quiet at the end of the flat we have one (very small and easy)  dog  	We own a flat in chic west of Paris.Levallois Perret next to paris Neuilly sur Seine, in a very residential area. Area is quiet with lots of restaurants and shops nearby. the room has a private lavabo and access to shared toilets and shower room. Breakfast is prepared.we can can pick you up at AirFrance bus terminal (porte maillot or Etoile) Welcome drink offered the flat is 120m² about 1200 sq feet with 5 rooms Metro stations at 5 minutes Louise Michel or Porte Champerret bus station less than 1 minute  away (phone number hidden) room is clear and quiet at the end of the flat we have one (very small and easy)  dog  
269		On the 3rd floor of a typical haussmannian building, we propose a 3 rooms appartement : - calm bedroom on the backward with one large and comfortable bed (160X200) and parquet. - large living-room with kitchen in it of 30 sqm with one comfortable sof
270		35 mètres de bonheur avec un petit balcon et autres croustillances typiques et atypiques
271		Charming 2 bedroom flat, 40m², near Montmartre. Including : Corridor with dressing, bathroom, kitchen and 2 bedroom-livingroom (1 double bed and a sofa in each room + 2 large flat TV, you can connect your laptop). WIFI Internet access. Very calm Near from the metro (5min walk)  : Line 13 or RER C  --> Direct access to Champs Elysées (M13),  Notre dame (RER C), Eiffel Tower (RER C). 20 min on foot from Sacrée Coeur (Montmartre)
272		Beau studio spacieux et tout équipé (TV écran plat, box SFR, Playstation 3, lave-linge...), au premier étage d'un immeuble situé dans une rue calme à 5 minutes du parc Monceau et de la rue de Lévis!
273		magnifique appartement très confortable situé entre métro villiers et Rome A 25 min de tout dans paris Tres confortable
274	In an old building on the 2nd floor, digicode on entrance, quite neighbours, (so you need to be reasonably not too loud either, if possible!). Television, WI-Fi, washing machines (dish and bathroom), coffe-machine, fully equiped kithchen, and some first-aid food too, and all facilities that goes with.	Appartment 10-15 minutes of nice walk from Arc de Triomphe, in a nice street without cars : Living room (double bed), bed-room (one bed), bathroom (with bathtub and toilets apart), dinning kitchen, and nice little balcony  ideal for breakfast. In an old building on the 2nd floor, digicode on entrance, quite neighbours, (so you need to be reasonably not too loud either, if possible!). Television, WI-Fi, washing machines (dish and bathroom), coffe-machine, fully equiped kithchen, and some first-aid food too, and all facilities that goes with. I could gie you a good advice for visits, transport, and some good deals for restaurants and coffee shops, even museums.And some plans of Paris that I have , if needed. Our neighborhood is quite, and nice, in a street without cars. Only a street further you can fins some very good restaurants (Place Perreire, Bd Gouvion St-Cyr, Av. Villiers), of all the budgets (even a Chef restaurant!) Appartement  is completly near the bus station, that takes you 
275	Notre appartement est un lumineux deux pièces de 45m2 pouvant accueillir deux personnes Il est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble en briquettes rouges datant de 1930 a gardé le cachet de l'époque : parquet d'origine et alcoves.  L'appartement est très lumineux car nous disposons d'une double exposition avec un salon côté rue, et une chambre donnant sur une zone de cours et toits, ce qui offre un silence exceptionnel et une vue dégagée. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire et d'une machine à laver, la cuisine est équipée en plus des plaques de cuisson d'un petit four , d'un micro-onde et d'un lave vaisselle. 	Grand deux pièces 45m2 au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 1930. Parquet, très lumineux car double exposition et petit balcon.. Dans un quartier vivant, chic et calme à 15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysée, et 20 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. Notre appartement est un lumineux deux pièces de 45m2 pouvant accueillir deux personnes Il est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble en briquettes rouges datant de 1930 a gardé le cachet de l'époque : parquet d'origine et alcoves.  L'appartement est très lumineux car nous disposons d'une double exposition avec un salon côté rue, et une chambre donnant sur une zone de cours et toits, ce qui offre un silence exceptionnel et une vue dégagée. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire et d'une machine à laver, la cuisine est équipée en plus des plaques de cuisson d'un petit four , d'un micro-onde et d'un lave vaisselle. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement, un petit manuel d'explication sera laissé pour votre confort, et nous restons joi
276	"Magnifique 2 pièces calme, neuf avec paquet ancien au confort moderne.  L’appartement à l’entrée du "" Village des Batignolles"", un quartier très prisé car il a su conserver son authenticité et sa convivialité. L’immeuble est au pied du parc Martin Luther King. Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 4 personnes. Adapté famille.  Comprend une salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche-serviettes et lave-linge. Électroménagers : micro-onde, grille-pain, four, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, bouilloire, théière. Wifi"	"Appartement de 36m² plein de charme, très calme au pied des Batignolles. Deux pièces, quatre couchages, tout confort (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, baignoire...), desservi par métros, vélos, bus et noctiliens. Proximité : jardins, commerces, restaurants Magnifique 2 pièces calme, neuf avec paquet ancien au confort moderne.  L’appartement à l’entrée du "" Village des Batignolles"", un quartier très prisé car il a su conserver son authenticité et sa convivialité. L’immeuble est au pied du parc Martin Luther King. Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 4 personnes. Adapté famille.  Comprend une salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche-serviettes et lave-linge. Électroménagers : micro-onde, grille-pain, four, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, bouilloire, théière. Wifi Le « village des Batignolles » est un quartier typiquement parisien par son architecture avec des immeubles haussmanniens en pierre de taille. On y trouve de nombreux commerces : boulangeries, fromagers, primeurs, épiceries italiennes"
277	This studio is entirely equipped. I usually live there (which also means that I might leave some of my stuff in the cupboards of the studio - emptying some of them for you). There is nice bathroom with shower that was entirely renovated recently and a big room, with kitchen in a corner, internet, and a double bed that comes down from the ceiling. It is situated in the first floor of a high standing immeuble, in a small and quiet street, just off Avenue des Ternes. There is two big windows (double glasing).  The nearest metro station (5 minute walking distance) is Charles de Gaule Etoile, which is near the Arc de Triomphe, and close to the Champs Elysees - so, a nice location! There is a public bike station very close if you'd prefer to cycle through Paris (velib').  Bars, cafes, shops are all within walking distance.	You make the most of your stay in our comfortable and well-equipped one bedroom apartment ideally located between the Arc the Triomphe and Champs Elysées. This studio is entirely equipped. I usually live there (which also means that I might leave some of my stuff in the cupboards of the studio - emptying some of them for you). There is nice bathroom with shower that was entirely renovated recently and a big room, with kitchen in a corner, internet, and a double bed that comes down from the ceiling. It is situated in the first floor of a high standing immeuble, in a small and quiet street, just off Avenue des Ternes. There is two big windows (double glasing).  The nearest metro station (5 minute walking distance) is Charles de Gaule Etoile, which is near the Arc de Triomphe, and close to the Champs Elysees - so, a nice location! There is a public bike station very close if you'd prefer to cycle through Paris (velib').  Bars, cafes, shops are all within walking distance. We provide blank
278		Charmante maisonnette avec petite cour intérieure privée. De quoi faire un barbecue ou encore de prendre le petit déjeuner en terrasse.
279	Studio très fonctionnel, totalement équipé, avec balcon sans vis à vis et vue magnifique sur la capital . Le lit dans la chambre enfant est évolutif et peut très facilement être transformé en lit 140x190..dans le salon, le canapé est convertible en un véritable lit ( système Rapido : un vrai lit ) 	Agréable petit appartement situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, à 2 pas de la place de Clichy. Situé au 7éme étage (avec ascenseur) , vous bénéficiez d'une vue imprenable sur la capitale. Studio très fonctionnel, totalement équipé, avec balcon sans vis à vis et vue magnifique sur la capital . Le lit dans la chambre enfant est évolutif et peut très facilement être transformé en lit 140x190..dans le salon, le canapé est convertible en un véritable lit ( système Rapido : un vrai lit ) Un accueil déjeuner vous sera offert et toute la documentation utile pour se déplacer sur la capitale A 2 minutes du métro, nombreuses lignes de bus. Commerces en bas de l'immeuble ( horaires d'ouverture tardive)
280	Plein soleil, côté chambre et séjour, dernier étage, arbres et palmiers dans la cour intérieure. Aucun  bruit la nuit...	"Calme (double vitrage) et ensoleillé, vue sur Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris, dans un quartier plein de bars et de restaurants typiques d'autres pays : Italien, Japonais, Thaï, Afghan, Indien, Brésilien, libanais... et français des régions. Plein soleil, côté chambre et séjour, dernier étage, arbres et palmiers dans la cour intérieure. Aucun  bruit la nuit... Une chambre, un séjour et une salle de bain, séparés les uns des autres. Si ce n'est pas moi, ce sera quelqu'un qui aura toute ma confiance, qui a habité longtemps le quartier et sera tout disposé à répondre à leurs sollicitations. C'est l'un des quartiers les plus typiques de Paris, avec la Place Clichy à quelques mètres, le Moulin rouge et Pigalle à cinq minutes à pied, Montmartre. Le Wepler est une brasserie chargée d'histoire, sobrement art déco, et si vous aimez les fruits de mer, ''Charlot"" vous ouvrira ses portes Un parking souterrain est situé juste à côté rue Nollet. De nombreux bus descendent vers la gare St Lazarre, "
281	Cet appartement est exactement comme nous l'avons pensé car nous avons tout refait l'année dernière, ses 55m2, permettent aux voyageurs d'y séjourner à 4 avec tout le confort. Situé au 3e et dernier étage d'un immeuble sans acsenseur, il est très calme et lumineux. 	Ce trois-pièces entièrement refait en 2013 est à la fois atypique et très lumineux. Ce duplex situé dans une rue très calme offre tous les avantages de la vie à Paris, commerces à proximité et transports très accéssibles.  Cet appartement est exactement comme nous l'avons pensé car nous avons tout refait l'année dernière, ses 55m2, permettent aux voyageurs d'y séjourner à 4 avec tout le confort. Situé au 3e et dernier étage d'un immeuble sans acsenseur, il est très calme et lumineux.  Ce duplex propose un premier niveau constitué d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, la cuisine est toute équipée (four/four micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, robot de cuisine, frigidaire/congélateur). La partie nuit au 2e niveau est constituée de 2 chambres et une salle de bain (douche à l'italienne), ainsi que de nombreux rangements. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme, et proche de tous commerces. Afin de visiter Paris vous pourrez utiliser à votre convenance les transports en communs très développés à 
282	Fully equipped and modenly furnished kitchen and bathroom Two separate bedrooms	Centrally located apparťent Located in 17th district walking distance to Place de Clichy metro station. Quiet street, Windows to the courtyard. Many shops and nice Parisian restaurants in the neighborhood Fully equipped and modenly furnished kitchen and bathroom Two separate bedrooms Equipped kitchen TV Wifi Sheets and towels provided I host friends very often and it is a pleasure to welcome new people regularly I love spending time in small and very local restaurants in Batignolles that are close by Walking distance to both Place de Clichy and La Fourche metro 30-50 minutes by taxi to the airport
283	"appartement calme et très lumineux au coeur des Batignolles, surement l'un des quartiers les plus accueillant de Paris. Plein de restaurants, cafés, bars, boutiques, parcs, supermarchés... Vous trouverez ici tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour a paris. Idéal pour un couple ou deux amis souhaitant découvrir la ville. Idéalement situé, à 5 minute du métro place de Clichy ou Rome, vous trouverez aussi une station vélib en bas, de nombreux bus.  A 10 minute a pied de la Gare Saint Lazard, 5 minute a pied de Pigalle et 15 minute de Montmartre.  l'appartement se trouve dans une copropriété charmante, les voisins sont très discrets.  Calm and very lightly little flat in the heart of the Batignolles, probably one of the more nicest neighborhood in Paris.   lots of restaurants, bar, café, supermarket, shop and so on... You will find everything you need to have a great time in paris, well located, you have the subway station ""Place de Clichy"" 5 minutes walk, the train s"	Cet appartement de 26 m2 est situé dans le quartier des Batignolles, comprend une grande pièce a vivre, une grande entrée, une cuisine et une salle de bain.  appartement calme et très lumineux au coeur des Batignolles, surement l'un des quartiers les plus accueillant de Paris. Plein de restaurants, cafés, bars, boutiques, parcs, supermarchés... Vous trouverez ici tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour a paris. Idéal pour un couple ou deux amis souhaitant découvrir la ville. Idéalement situé, à 5 minute du métro place de Clichy ou Rome, vous trouverez aussi une station vélib en bas, de nombreux bus.  A 10 minute a pied de la Gare Saint Lazard, 5 minute a pied de Pigalle et 15 minute de Montmartre.  l'appartement se trouve dans une copropriété charmante, les voisins sont très discrets.  Calm and very lightly little flat in the heart of the Batignolles, probably one of the more nicest neighborhood in Paris.   lots of restaurants, bar, café, supermarket, shop and so 
284	Very nice apartment of 35 m2 located in the heart of Paris near Montmatre and the Moulin Rouge. This apartment was completely renovated in 2011, ideal for a romantic break in the capital. Spacious and quiet, it is located in a lively district, with its restaurants, bars and shops but without the nuisance ( small residential street, one-way and without parking ). It is located on the ground floor overlooking courtyard with a large fully equipped kitchen, a shower room with nice sink, toilet and a large walk-in shower and a large bedroom with desk and a Queen size bed. During your stay you will have free access to all the facilities of the apartment: flat screen TV with a package of channels, internet WIFI, washing machine, coffee machine and landline for local calls. Less than 10-15 minutes walking from the apartment you can reach : the Opera of Paris, the hill of Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur, the famous Galeries Lafayette, the Moulin Rouge and the Place Vendôme and its luxurious bout	Very nice apartment of 35 m2 located in the heart of Paris near Montmatre and the Moulin Rouge. This apartment was completely renovated in 2011, ideal for a romantic break in the capital. Spacious and quiet, it is located in a lively district, with its restaurants, bars and shops but without the nuisance ( small residential street, one-way and without parking ). It is located on the ground floor overlooking courtyard with a large fully equipped kitchen, a shower room with nice sink, toilet and a large walk-in shower and a large bedroom with desk and a Queen size bed. During your stay you will have free access to all the facilities of the apartment: flat screen TV with a package of channels, internet WIFI, washing machine, coffee machine and landline for local calls. Less than 10-15 minutes walking from the apartment you can reach : the Opera of Paris, the hill of Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur, the famous Galeries Lafayette, the Moulin Rouge and the Place Vendôme and its luxurious bout
285	Situé aux Batignolles, prés de la place Clichy. Quartier avec beaucoup de restaurants, commerces et cinémas. Proche de Montmartre. Appartement calme donnant sur cour intérieure. 4ème étage avec ascenseur Pièce principale avec canapé lit, TV, table pour repas. Ouverture trés facile du lit et bon couchage avec matelas Simmons 14 cm Cuisine séparée, équipée de plaques induction, lave vaisselle, bouilloire, frigo et four mixte micro ondes/ tradition. Salle d'eau avec douche et WC. Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis Métro Place de Clichy avec lignes 13 et 2 desservant le centre de Paris, beaucoup de bus également. 	Situé aux Batignolles, prés de la place Clichy. Quartier avec beaucoup de restaurants, commerces et cinémas. Proche de Montmartre. Appartement calme donnant sur cour intérieure. 4ème étage avec ascenseur Pièce principale avec canapé lit, TV, table pour repas. Ouverture trés facile du lit et bon couchage avec matelas Simmons 14 cm Cuisine séparée, équipée de plaques induction, lave vaisselle, bouilloire, frigo et four mixte micro ondes/ tradition. Salle d'eau avec douche et WC. Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis Métro Place de Clichy avec lignes 13 et 2 desservant le centre de Paris, beaucoup de bus également. 
286		Lovely studio, clean, practical, equipped wifi, tv, microwave, washing-machine, bathtub. Near Champs-Elysees, close to metro, RER, shopping, supermarket. Safe and calm area.
287	The studio offers one king size bed and one sofa beds. The separated kitchen is fully furnished with fridge, oven, hot plates, toaster, and all the dishes needed. The bathroom is with bathtub, separated toilets. The studio also provides with wireless internet, Cable TV, working desk. Near the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : supermarket / bakery at 2 minutes, a wine shop just downstairs, tabac shop... The area of course abounds with restaurants from all countries, brasseries and cafés with terraces. You will be near the main touristic places and shopping centers ! The beautiful park Monceau is at 10 minutes walk. Many transport possibilities around, between the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station and Terne, you have the possibility to go directly in all the directions through Paris.	Bright studio on the Wagram avenue with private parking place,  near the Place de l'Etoile, with an amazing view on the Arc de Triomphe. The Champs Elysees at 5 minutes walk ! The studio offers one king size bed and one sofa beds. The separated kitchen is fully furnished with fridge, oven, hot plates, toaster, and all the dishes needed. The bathroom is with bathtub, separated toilets. The studio also provides with wireless internet, Cable TV, working desk. Near the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : supermarket / bakery at 2 minutes, a wine shop just downstairs, tabac shop... The area of course abounds with restaurants from all countries, brasseries and cafés with terraces. You will be near the main touristic places and shopping centers ! The beautiful park Monceau is at 10 minutes walk. Many transport possibilities around, between the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station and Terne, you have the possibility to go directly in all the directions through Paris.
288	Ce logement est proches de tous commerces, théâtres, cinémas,  restaurants, lignes directes opéra, champs élysées, montmartre.	Studio très fonctionnel avec un balcon. Situé dans une impasse arborée, calme et lumineux, dans un immeuble sécurisé. Grande pièce de 25 m2 complétée par une cuisine américaine, avec espace bureau. Proche tous commerces. Metro ligne directe. Ce logement est proches de tous commerces, théâtres, cinémas,  restaurants, lignes directes opéra, champs élysées, montmartre. Situé dans le super quartier des Batignolles, Aves des jardins très agréables et de très bons restaurants. Le bus 31 direct champs élisées ou Gare de l'Est, également métro direct Opera
289	Typical Parisian area with Hausmann architecture buildings Charming French style flat in a small and quiet street Very convenient by train, bus or subway Walking distance to points of interest (Triumph Arch, Champs Elysées, Boulogne forest, La Défense Arch, ....) and close to many others by transport (Montmartre, Eiffel tower, Opera...) We have a double bed in a separated room +  1 sofa which is possible to turn to another bed	Hi, It's possible to rent our flat from 24/06 to (phone number hidden).  We are located in a quiet and typical Parisian street (Hausmann architecture), close to supermarkets, restaurants, and 10 minutes walking only from Triumph Arch /Champs ELysées !!! Typical Parisian area with Hausmann architecture buildings Charming French style flat in a small and quiet street Very convenient by train, bus or subway Walking distance to points of interest (Triumph Arch, Champs Elysées, Boulogne forest, La Défense Arch, ....) and close to many others by transport (Montmartre, Eiffel tower, Opera...) We have a double bed in a separated room +  1 sofa which is possible to turn to another bed Wireless TV Nespresso machine Washing machine Guests are alone in the flat and we will be out of town but possible to leave a Paris map, transports map, some restaurants addresses... to   help our guests. Feel  free to ask you need for a perfect stay Very peaceful and quiet street close to bigger avenues RER A : c
290	Welcome home to this lovely two bedroom apartment in the heart of the Batignolles village-like neighborhood, right across the street from the Batignolles fresh food market! The apartment is located on a friendly market street with lots of great food shops and other boutiques and cafes. You can walk two two different beautiful Parisian parks in less than 10 minutes! Perfect for Foodies, Families & Friends! This apartment is on the courtyard side of the building on the first floor (no elevator). The apartment has 3 beds and can sleep a maximum of 6 guests: One master bedroom with a queen bed (160 cm x200 cm); a second bedroom with two twin beds (which can be combined into one large bed upon request); and a high-quality double sofabed in the living room suitable for up to 2 adults. Although the apartment can sleep up to 6, we prefer reservations of 2-4 guests. We will make exceptions for families. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a washer/dryer combination unit, a dishwasher, a full-siz	Welcome home to this lovely two bedroom apartment in the heart of the Batignolles village-like neighborhood, right across the street from the Batignolles fresh food market! Welcome home to this lovely two bedroom apartment in the heart of the Batignolles village-like neighborhood, right across the street from the Batignolles fresh food market! The apartment is located on a friendly market street with lots of great food shops and other boutiques and cafes. You can walk two two different beautiful Parisian parks in less than 10 minutes! Perfect for Foodies, Families & Friends! This apartment is on the courtyard side of the building on the first floor (no elevator). The apartment has 3 beds and can sleep a maximum of 6 guests: One master bedroom with a queen bed (160 cm x200 cm); a second bedroom with two twin beds (which can be combined into one large bed upon request); and a high-quality double sofabed in the living room suitable for up to 2 adults. Although the apartment can sleep up t
291	L'appartement est constitué d'une chambres avec une sdb. (Lautre chambre ne sera pas loué, ni occupée) Les chambres sont à l'extrémité et le salon se situ au milieu. Il est possible de louer soit une chambre ou l'appartement entier. Il est super agréable à vivre calme et très bien desservie. (Dans le cas que mon colocataire et sa copine sont la, c'est 70 euros/nuit pour la chambre)	Appartement haussmanien de 90m², lumineux, calme et cosy est situé à 10 minutes à pied de l'étoile. La station la plus proche c'est le métro Ternes. L'appartement est constitué d'une chambres avec une sdb. (Lautre chambre ne sera pas loué, ni occupée) Les chambres sont à l'extrémité et le salon se situ au milieu. Il est possible de louer soit une chambre ou l'appartement entier. Il est super agréable à vivre calme et très bien desservie. (Dans le cas que mon colocataire et sa copine sont la, c'est 70 euros/nuit pour la chambre)
292		Studio for 2, 25m2 In the heart of Batignolles, less than 5min away from the metro station Brochant Amazing view from the 7th floor
293	"Enjoy your stay in Paris as a real Parisian in a charming ""under the roof"" flat. Our apartment is located on 6th floor. Elevator up to 5th. This flat was entirely renovated 3 years ago You will be 10 minutes walking from Champs Elysées and just at the street corner Paris famous street market ""Rue Bayen"". Enjoy Pereire Parc (former train line circling Paris, renovated as a ""promenade"") behind our street. Very convinient place with lots of subway line Métro station ""Ternes"" line 2 is 5 minutes walking Métro station ""Charles De Gaulle Etoile"" line 1,2 & 6 + RER A is 5 minutes walking Parking: Vinci Wagram Courcelles # 103 ter, Rue Jouffroy d'Abbans # 75017 Paris Master bedroom includes private bathroom with a large bed. Second bedroom offers 2 separated beds. A second independant bathroom. Large living room. Linen and towels are included. I mooved next corner and will be your contact if you need anything during your stay! Enjoy paris ! Eric"	"Enjoy your stay in Paris as a real Parisian in a charming ""under the roof"" flat. Our apartment is located on 6th floor. Elevator up to 5th. This flat was entirely renovated 3 years ago You will be 10 minutes walking from Champs Elysées and just at the street corner Paris famous street market ""Rue Bayen"". Enjoy Pereire Parc (former train line circling Paris, renovated as a ""promenade"") behind our street. Very convinient place with lots of subway line Métro station ""Ternes"" line 2 is 5 minutes walking Métro station ""Charles De Gaulle Etoile"" line 1,2 & 6 + RER A is 5 minutes walking Parking: Vinci Wagram Courcelles # 103 ter, Rue Jouffroy d'Abbans # 75017 Paris Master bedroom includes private bathroom with a large bed. Second bedroom offers 2 separated beds. A second independant bathroom. Large living room. Linen and towels are included. I mooved next corner and will be your contact if you need anything during your stay! Enjoy paris ! Eric"
294	Cet appartement très calme au 5e étage, sans ascenseur, bénéficie de l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour parisien réussi (lave linge, micro-ondes, ...).	"Appartement meublé de 18 m² situé Avenue De Clichy, non loin des Batignolles, de Saint-Lazare et de Montmartre. Ce charmant studio en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes.     Cet appartement très calme au 5e étage, sans ascenseur, bénéficie de l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour parisien réussi (lave linge, micro-ondes, ...). drap, drap housse, oreillers, couette et serviettes de bain fournis remise des clés Quartier convivial et branché du 17ème arrondissement de Paris, les Batignolles bénéficient d'un véritable esprit ""village"" avec ses nombreux commerces de proximité, bars et restaurants... Ses deux espaces verts (le moderne parc Martin Luther King et le charmant parc des Batignolles) font des Batignolles, le quartier idéal pour un séjour à Paris, aussi bien seul qu'en famille. Vous trouverez également à 5 minutes en métro le quartier dynamique de Saint-Lazare et à 10 minutes en métro le touristique Sacré Coeur.  A proximité du logement, il y a tous types de comm"
295	The accommodation consists of a bedroom (king bed, wardrobe and bedside table), lounge (TV, sofa bed, dining table), an equipped kitchen and finally, a bathroom. Batignolles neighborhood Generations collide in Batignolles, a fashionable inner-Paris enclave where grandmothers manage bistros and grandsons spend their nights at the skate park. A true proponent of cafe society, Batignolles is responsible for an emerging class of residents known as “bobos,” or, bourgeois bohemians. The neighborhood’s penchant for open air markets, resplendent gardens, and cultivated class lends Batignolles a graceful intimacy that attracts visitors despite its distance from the city’s commercial core.	Entire apartment located in the 17th district. Less than 5 min by walking to the subway and buses. Near Montmartre, Pigalle, Place Clichy Batignolles, St Lazare or Opera. The apartment is comfortable, well equipped and quiet! The accommodation consists of a bedroom (king bed, wardrobe and bedside table), lounge (TV, sofa bed, dining table), an equipped kitchen and finally, a bathroom. Batignolles neighborhood Generations collide in Batignolles, a fashionable inner-Paris enclave where grandmothers manage bistros and grandsons spend their nights at the skate park. A true proponent of cafe society, Batignolles is responsible for an emerging class of residents known as “bobos,” or, bourgeois bohemians. The neighborhood’s penchant for open air markets, resplendent gardens, and cultivated class lends Batignolles a graceful intimacy that attracts visitors despite its distance from the city’s commercial core. Guests have access to the entire apartment. I am available by phone, by e-mail, also 
296	Beautiful and peaceful 40m2 apartment in a pedestrian street located in the famous quarter Batignolles, 5 minutes walk from the Parc Monceau. Clear, parquet floors and nice ceiling height.  In the apartment :  - A main bedroom with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock and a desk - A living room with sofa bed suitable for 2 adults or 2 children, a flat screen and a large dining table for 6 to 10 people. - A bathroom with bath and toilet  - Kitchen full equipped, microwave, oven, washing machine, ketle, coffee machine  - Heating included  - Ironing board with iron  - Sheets and towels provided  - IPod station  - DVD and bluray player, Playstation 3 (email hidden) videogames. 4 Th floor, the building has a digital code This is a lovely two-room flat located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, moments away from shops, grocery stores, bars and restaurants located in street as rue des Dames and rue de Lévis. Rue de Lévis is also famous for its daily market, which will make you feel like	Beautiful and peaceful 40m2 apartment in a pedestrian street located in the famous quarter Batignolles, 5 minutes walk from the Parc Monceau. Clear, parquet floors and nice ceiling height.  In the apartment :  - A main bedroom with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock and a desk - A living room with sofa bed suitable for 2 adults or 2 children, a flat screen and a large dining table for 6 to 10 people. - A bathroom with bath and toilet  - Kitchen full equipped, microwave, oven, washing machine, ketle, coffee machine  - Heating included  - Ironing board with iron  - Sheets and towels provided  - IPod station  - DVD and bluray player, Playstation 3 (email hidden) videogames. 4 Th floor, the building has a digital code This is a lovely two-room flat located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, moments away from shops, grocery stores, bars and restaurants located in street as rue des Dames and rue de Lévis. Rue de Lévis is also famous for its daily market, which will make you feel like
297	Plein de charme avec ses poutres apparentes, décoré avec soin, cosy et tout équipé, il est idéal pour un séjour entre amis ou en famille à Paris.  Deux chambres confortables (lits doubles) et un grand salon (35m²), vous assureront tout le confort nécessaire.  Un salon/salle à manger avec cuisine américaine toute équipée, une salle de bain et toilettes séparés.  Equipement: TV écran plat, Wi-fi, Sound system, cuisine toute équipée.  Dans le village des Batignolles, un des quartiers les plus charmants de Paris, à 20 minutes à pied des grands magasins et de Montmartre. Un quartier qui ressemble à un villages, plein de restaurants charmants et deux jolis espaces verts (parc Martin Luther King et Square des Batignolles) Metro: La fourche (Ligne 13)  Train: Pont Cardinet  Vélib’  Bus: 74/53	Plein de charme avec ses poutres apparentes, décoré avec soin, cosy et tout équipé, il est idéal pour un séjour entre amis ou en famille à Paris.  Deux chambres confortables (lits doubles) et un grand salon (35m²), vous assureront tout le confort nécessaire.  Un salon/salle à manger avec cuisine américaine toute équipée, une salle de bain et toilettes séparés.  Equipement: TV écran plat, Wi-fi, Sound system, cuisine toute équipée.  Dans le village des Batignolles, un des quartiers les plus charmants de Paris, à 20 minutes à pied des grands magasins et de Montmartre. Un quartier qui ressemble à un villages, plein de restaurants charmants et deux jolis espaces verts (parc Martin Luther King et Square des Batignolles) Metro: La fourche (Ligne 13)  Train: Pont Cardinet  Vélib’  Bus: 74/53
298	Studio located Porte Maillot !!! 32 m2 , fully furnished and equipped. Champs elysees : 600 metres !! Arc de triumph : 500 metres Balcony with eiffel Tower vue.  WIFI + Computer +Cable TV Car Parking INCLUDED !! very calm building minutes from everything.  Metro station at 5 min walking (direct connexion to major sites)	Studio located Porte Maillot !!! 32 m2 , fully furnished and equipped. Champs elysees : 600 metres !! Arc de triumph : 500 metres Balcony with eiffel Tower vue.  WIFI + Computer +Cable TV Car Parking INCLUDED !! very calm building minutes from everything.  Metro station at 5 min walking (direct connexion to major sites)
299	Un bel espace pour se détendre, lumineux et offrant tout le confort nécessaire, c'est le bon compromis pour profiter pleinement de Paris sans se stresser! Vous bénéficierez de l'appartement pour vous tout seul (salon/chambre/cuisine/sdb etc)	Welcome to my place, located in 17 district of Paris nearby Place de Clichy and Batignolles market and 10 mn far from famous spots as Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) and Montmarte (Sacré Coeur)! Quiet and cosy, the right place to start an epic visit of Paris!
