28200		Lovely 45m2 apartment with balcony in Paris. 1 minute walk from Pere Lachaise Cemetery and near Place de la Bastille. There are foodshops and plenty of bars and restaurants around. 2 métro station are in the area. 
28201	"Hi there, My flat is a charming 2 rooms with a double-bed room, a dining room, a complete kitchen, a bathroom, and a huge balcony for having breakfast ""à la française"". It's at the 5th floor of an old & traditional parisian building, in the Voltaire/Mairie du 11ème/Père Lachaise/Bastille/Charonne neighborhoods. 10 min walk from traditional and busy marché d'Aligre, Charonne bistros, Bastille bars, 5 min away from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, and 15 min walk to the Marais and Canal St Martin! Kitchen with fridge, stove, oven & washing machine Tube stations: Ligne 9  Voltaire station Ligne 1  Bastille station Ligne 2  Père Lachaise or Philippe Auguste station "	"Hi there! My lovely flat is located at the 5th floor of an old traditionnal parisian building with double room, living room, kitchen, bathroom and balcony. In the very well located neighborhood Voltaire/Mairie du 11ème/Père Lachaise/Bastille/Charonne. I am happy to provide you any information you need to visit the city and I remain at your disposal if you have any questions! Hi there, My flat is a charming 2 rooms with a double-bed room, a dining room, a complete kitchen, a bathroom, and a huge balcony for having breakfast ""à la française"". It's at the 5th floor of an old & traditional parisian building, in the Voltaire/Mairie du 11ème/Père Lachaise/Bastille/Charonne neighborhoods. 10 min walk from traditional and busy marché d'Aligre, Charonne bistros, Bastille bars, 5 min away from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, and 15 min walk to the Marais and Canal St Martin! Kitchen with fridge, stove, oven & washing machine Tube stations: Ligne 9  Voltaire station Ligne 1  Bastille station L"
28202	RENOVATED MODERN FLAT 60MQ IN VERY NICE AREA, SUNNY APARTMENT AND VERY CALM WITH ALL THE ACCOMODATIONS, 2TH FLOOR WITH ELEVATOR, Free phone to most countries (land lines only) -  bathroom - Washing machine  - Linen and towel provided.	1 DOUBLE ROOM AVAILABLE IN COZY FLAT SHARING APARTMENT WITH 2 ARCHITECT (ITALIN GUE AND FRENCH GIRL) for short stay OR  1 MONTH OF AUGUST possible Fully-equiped kitchen - High Speed Internet Wifi connection- NEW BIG BED
28203	Ideal for families and couples of friends, two big chambers face to face one of the other one, on the 1st floor the duplex, with bathroom. Direct access by one direct staircase of the entrance of the apartment. Guaranteed intimacy Idéal pour familles ou couples d'amis. Les deux chambres sont face à face au 1er étage du duplex, avec salle de bain douche/WC. Accès direct par un escalier de la porte d'entrée de l'appartement. Intimité garantie.	Deux grandes chambres sous les toits à l'étage d'un duplex à Bastille. Salle de bain/douche/WC. Idéal pour famille et couples d'amis. Etage privatisé. Accès indépendant. 3ème étage sans ascenseur, vue sur les toits. Doubles velux dans chaque chambre Ideal for families and couples of friends, two big chambers face to face one of the other one, on the 1st floor the duplex, with bathroom. Direct access by one direct staircase of the entrance of the apartment. Guaranteed intimacy Idéal pour familles ou couples d'amis. Les deux chambres sont face à face au 1er étage du duplex, avec salle de bain douche/WC. Accès direct par un escalier de la porte d'entrée de l'appartement. Intimité garantie. 2 chambres, salle de bain douche avec WC. Salle à manger pour petit déjeuner. 2 private rooms, bathroom with shower and WC. Lounge for the breakfast. Quartier historique de la Bastille, à 5mn à pied du quartier du Marais. Supermarchés, bars, restos, terrasses, pharmacie, boulangeries au pied de l'immeub
28204	2 rooms charming apartment in central Paris, very well arranged and equipped. One bedroom with double bed, desk and library where you can borrow the books during your stay, large dressing room, large window, not overlooked. The kitchen open to the living room is fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, induction and Nespresso coffee machine. The living room with sofa, satellite TV, DVD and Wi-Fi connection has two large windows, not overlooked. Very nice bathroom with bath, basin, heated towel rack and three windows. Bed linen and towels are provided. Quiet environment and location close to the “Maurice Gardette” park. However many restaurants, supermarkets and places of interest close to the apartment. In the hearth of the 11th arrondissement, this apartment is ideally located. Vélib terminal, Subway, bus and taxi station. 5-minute walk: lively Oberkampf area 10-15 minute walk: Canal Saint-Martin, Place de la République, Place de la Bastille, Père Lachaise Cem	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris in a lively and family area. The area is well connected to the main Paris attractions with metros and buses. Many restaurants and shops. Romantic Holiday ideally located to live like a Parisian ! 2 rooms charming apartment in central Paris, very well arranged and equipped. One bedroom with double bed, desk and library where you can borrow the books during your stay, large dressing room, large window, not overlooked. The kitchen open to the living room is fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, induction and Nespresso coffee machine. The living room with sofa, satellite TV, DVD and Wi-Fi connection has two large windows, not overlooked. Very nice bathroom with bath, basin, heated towel rack and three windows. Bed linen and towels are provided. Quiet environment and location close to the “Maurice Gardette” park. However many restaurants, supermarkets and places of interest close to the apartment. In the hearth of the 11th
28205	Welcome to the best neighborhood in Paris! The apartment is in the middle of two subway stations - Faidherbe-Chaligny (line 8) and Charonne (line 9) - that take you all around Paris. You also have a five minutes walk to Reully-Diderot station where you can take line 1. This line is speedy and conveniently takes you straight to a lot of the main sites. And if you want to go to Bastille or Marais, you just have a 15 minutes walk and you'll be there! Travel times:  The Louvre and Palais Royal: 10 minutes  Champs Elysées: 20 minutes  The Eiffel Tower: 30 minutes  Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 30 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport: 90-120 minutes  Orly Airport: 60-90 minutes There are also many Velib stations on the streets nearby and buses running all day and night. When renting the apartment, guests will have the whole place to themselves. It is located on the 2nd Floor (3rd American), with no lift. The apartment itself is bright in the morning and airy with a spacious bedroom with a double b	Welcome to the best neighborhood in Paris! The apartment is in the middle of two subway stations - Faidherbe-Chaligny (line 8) and Charonne (line 9) - that take you all around Paris. You also have a five minutes walk to Reully-Diderot station where you can take line 1. This line is speedy and conveniently takes you straight to a lot of the main sites. And if you want to go to Bastille or Marais, you just have a 15 minutes walk and you'll be there! Travel times:  The Louvre and Palais Royal: 10 minutes  Champs Elysées: 20 minutes  The Eiffel Tower: 30 minutes  Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 30 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport: 90-120 minutes  Orly Airport: 60-90 minutes There are also many Velib stations on the streets nearby and buses running all day and night. When renting the apartment, guests will have the whole place to themselves. It is located on the 2nd Floor (3rd American), with no lift. The apartment itself is bright in the morning and airy with a spacious bedroom with a double b
28206		Superbe appartement très lumineux, de 30 m² situé à 2 min du métro Voltaire. 1 salon avec un canapé convertible, une cuisine ouverte, 1 chambre et une salle de bain pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.
28207	Calme donnant sur cour intérieur. 2 lits double et un canapé (capacité max 5 personnes).	3 pièces de 50 m² comprenant 2 chambres avec 2 lit doubles, 1 salon avec cuisine ouverte (type bar américain) et 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. WC séparé. Calme. Proche de République, de Bastille et du canal St Martin (15 min).  Calme donnant sur cour intérieur. 2 lits double et un canapé (capacité max 5 personnes). Métro 3 - arrêt St Maur Métro 2 - Père Lachaise 
28208	Not far from historical monuments and museums, Served by SEVERAL lines of bus and subway stations 3 (3 minutes away). Situated in quiet street near immediate of bars and restaurants. Raised floor with elevator and caretaker. Balcony sight is clear. Toilets separated from the bathroom. Big furnished apartment fitted out for 2 persons. 740 Euros per week	Not far from historical monuments and museums, Served by SEVERAL lines of bus and subway stations 3 (3 minutes away). Situated in quiet street near immediate of bars and restaurants. Raised floor with elevator and caretaker. Balcony sight is clear. Toilets separated from the bathroom. Big furnished apartment fitted out for 2 persons. 740 Euros per week
28209	"Everytime a Parisian enters my place, his reaction is always the same ""Waouw, what a nice flat! How did you manage to find it?"". The flat is super bright, well laid-out and with an easy access to metro. There is a double bed and a sofa bed. "	"This is a 2-rooms flat, with a super sunlight, clean and cosy located a few meters away from Père Lachaise. 33m2 with wifi, TV and a desk to work! A perfect deal to spend a week between sightseeing and work. 50m away from the metro! Everytime a Parisian enters my place, his reaction is always the same ""Waouw, what a nice flat! How did you manage to find it?"". The flat is super bright, well laid-out and with an easy access to metro. There is a double bed and a sofa bed.  Airbnb guests will have access to the kitchen (fridge, freezer, microwave but no oven), wahsing machine, TV to watch your movies (you have to plug in your computer, there is not cable TV). There is also an ironing board and flatiron. You won't have to share the flat with other people of course: it is all yours. I prefer no smoking in the flat. And girls if you are on a diet, there is a  weighing scale!  I'll be there to give you the keys. The appartment is totally private: you won't have to share it with other people. I"
28210		Très joli 2 pièces lumineux, situé au calme dans une cour, tout équipé, salle de bain refaite à neuf, cuisine américaine, dans un quartier très commerçant, à deux pas de la place des vosges, des métros, des commerces et de la Bastille.
28211		Situé idéalement entre Bastille et République, ce petit appartement très lumineux au 5ème étage proche métro et tout commerce est idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Une chambre agréable et un canapé lit neuf dans le salon permettent de loger 4 personnes.  Le 11ème arrondissement est un quartier branché de Paris avec des belles places comme la place de la Bastille ou de la République. L'appartement est situé proche du fameux cimetière du Père Lachaise. Bien desservi par 3 lignes de métro avec la ligne 3, la ligne 9 et la ligne 2. 
28212		Appartement de charme de 30 m2 dans immeuble classé de 1830. Au pied du métro Belleville à 5 stations de Châtelet. 2ème étage sur cour. Lumineux, frais et très calme. Cuisine américaine. Cabine douche. WIFI illimité. Peut accueillir 2 personnes. Métro Belleville. Lignes 2 et 11
28213	Bonjour à vous, Venez séjourner dans le quartier de Nation, quartier familial et jeune, au cœur de Paris,  -L'appartement cosy de 2 pièces de 32m²est idéalement situé : (RER A - ligne direct vers DisneyLand Paris ou La Défense, lignes de métro 1,2,6,9) .	A une minute à pieds de la place de la Nation (5 métros y desservent tout Paris), voici un agréable deux pièces en très bon état, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit).  3 ième étage sans ascenseur.  clair et calme. Bonjour à vous, Venez séjourner dans le quartier de Nation, quartier familial et jeune, au cœur de Paris,  -L'appartement cosy de 2 pièces de 32m²est idéalement situé : (RER A - ligne direct vers DisneyLand Paris ou La Défense, lignes de métro 1,2,6,9) . Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Pour votre séjour, seront à votre disposition :   -Lave linge, four multifonctions, plaque électrique, grille pain, cafetière - Serviettes de toilette  - Sèche-cheveux  - Draps  Accueil pour la remise des clés Je reste à votre disposition pour toute information complémentaire, sur l'appartement, le quartier et toutes les bonnes adresses de Paris ! La place de la Nation est très bien desservie en transport. Le métro et le RER desservent tout Paris,direct  
28214	Parquet, moulure, cheminé et surtout très calme.	Bonjour,  Ce charmant studio typiquement parisien : parquet, cheminée moulures a été refait à neuf l'année dernier par un architecte.  Il est extremenent bien situé à rue de Charonne (métro Charonne) Parquet, moulure, cheminé et surtout très calme. accès à la totalité du studio Je suis bien evidement disponible pour vous conseiller et guider dans Paris. Typiquement parisien, restaurants branchés. Ligne 9 : charonne Très bien situé proche de Bastille et République.
28215	Book lovers will be delighted with the big bookcase in the living room. I wil also let some books for the visitors to keep.	Close to Père Lachaise Cimetery 10 min walk from Bastille, my appartment is situated on the first and last floor. Its four large windows oriented south-est provide light all year round. Book lovers will be delighted with the big bookcase in the living room. I wil also let some books for the visitors to keep. The living room has a fully-equipped American kitchen with breakfast bar. On the mezzanine just above, it's my room, the only non accessible part of the appartment. The other rooms for the visitors are the office and the mezzanine above it. In the same space, toilets and bathroom with bath and washing machine. The 11th arrondissement may be the coolest place nowadays : both family friendly and trendy. Shops, bars à vins, charming little street make it a very agreable area, a little aside from the big touristic sites. Near Père Lachaise (ligne 2 and 3), Philippe Auguste (ligne 2) and Voltaire (ligne 9).  Bus 61 to Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz, and the bus 69 to Louvre and Orsa
28216	Space has been configured by designer 2 years ago. Very functional and original.	"Peace full and green place in a trendy area, with lots of restaurants, terrasses, shops etc. Nice apartment, 50's style. Good neighborhood. Near from Bastille Place and Le Marais. Buses, taxis and metro around. Food shop open until 12 PM. Space has been configured by designer 2 years ago. Very functional and original. The entire apartment and garden is accessible. I still in line for you. A friend of mine (half american) is around to welcome you and to help anyway... Old and new Paris in the same place ! A former popular district became  ""boho"", a very lively area. There are lively bars, boho chic cafes and a funky back-street shopping scene."
28217	2 rooms in center of Paris. 30 m2, 1 room with double bed, 1 living room, 1 little kitchen, 1 bathroom. 6 floor walk-up (no elevator), sunny. Near Cimetary of Pere Lachaise, Voltaire, Bastille. Métro 2, 3, 9. Bus 61, 69. 2 mn to Cimetary Père-Lachaise to go on foot. 18 mn to Bastille to go on foot. 18 mn to Hôtel de ville with bus 69. 23 mn to Centre Culturel Pompidou with bus 69. 24 mn to Musée du Louvre with bus 69. 25 mn to Cathedrale Notre Dame with bus 69. 26 mn to Sacré Coeur with metro ligne 2. 28 mn to Saint-Michel with bus 69. 32 mn to Grand Palais with métro ligne 9. 35 mn to Palais de Tokyo with metro ligne 9. 35 mn to Champs Elysées with metro ligne (website hidden), restaurant and grocery store at the bottom of building.	2 rooms in center of Paris. 30 m2, 1 room with double bed, 1 living room, 1 little kitchen, 1 bathroom. 6 floor walk-up (no elevator), sunny. Near Cimetary of Pere Lachaise, Voltaire, Bastille. Métro 2, 3, 9. Bus 61, 69. 2 mn to Cimetary Père-Lachaise to go on foot. 18 mn to Bastille to go on foot. 18 mn to Hôtel de ville with bus 69. 23 mn to Centre Culturel Pompidou with bus 69. 24 mn to Musée du Louvre with bus 69. 25 mn to Cathedrale Notre Dame with bus 69. 26 mn to Sacré Coeur with metro ligne 2. 28 mn to Saint-Michel with bus 69. 32 mn to Grand Palais with métro ligne 9. 35 mn to Palais de Tokyo with metro ligne 9. 35 mn to Champs Elysées with metro ligne (website hidden), restaurant and grocery store at the bottom of building.
28218		2 PIECES AVEC BALCON au coin de la rue de La Roquette 6è dernier étage (sans ascenseur) cheminée - douche - toilettes séparées   CALM APPT & BALCONY at the corner of rue de La Roquette - 1BR 6th floor (no lift)  fire place - shower - seperate wc L'appartement est situé au coin de la rue de La Roquette, près de la rue de Lappe, de la Place des Vosges et du Marais 10' à pied de l'Ile Saint Louis et Notre-Dame et du Père Lachaise - nombreux bars, restaurants et boutiques - marché le mardi, jeudi et dimanche The appartment is located at the corner of rue de La Roquette, near from rue de Lappe, Place des Vosges, Marais 10' walking from Ile Saint Louis, Notre-Dame and Père Lachaise - many bars, restaurants and trendy shops - food market on tuesday, thursday and sunday - M° Bastille direct Louvre, Champs Elysées ou/or M° Voltaire, M° Breguet Sabin - Many buses starting at Place de La Bastille Welcome to Paris ! I'll be there, if you need, to help you having the best time in Paris, and to give
28219	"The apartment (50m2) is located in the 11th ""arrondissement de Paris', between the “Bastille” and “Nation” squares."	"Enjoy Paris from this comfortable apartment. It is located in a nice and quiet neighborhood, at a walking distance from the lively ""Bastille"". The apartment is on the second floor and has been completely redone. The apartment (50m2) is located in the 11th ""arrondissement de Paris', between the “Bastille” and “Nation” squares. “La rue de Montreuil” is a lively street where you will find several bars, pubs and restaurants. The nearest subway station, ""Rue des Boulets"", is a 3 minute walk from the apartment. The RER and subway station ""Nation"" is a 7 to 8 minute walk. How to reach the apartment ? From Paris Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG) by RER (express subway) :  - take RER B to Châtelet-les Halles (about 30 minutes)  - then RER A to Nation (6 minutes)  - then there is a 7 to 8 minute walk. From Paris Orly airport (ORY) by RER (express subway) :  - take Orly Bus to Denfert Rochereau (about 20 minutes)  - then Subway Métro ligne 6 to Nation (15 minutes) - then there is a 7 to 8 minute wa"
28220	The flat is in a typical Haussmannien Parisian building. A lot of locals shops, bars, cafés give to this district a lively and active atmosphere for those who don't know yet the 11th district of Paris.  The room is equipped with a mezzanine king size bed which can easily accommodate a couple or a single person.  The tenant(s) will have access to a fully equipped kitchen as well as a bathroom that will be shared with my other 2 roommates.	I am renting a room in a very nice and sunny flat next to the underground station Rue Saint Maur (ligne 3) and at 7min by foot from Oberkampf (ligne 5 and 9). the flat is composed of 3 rooms and a living room with a long balcony. The flat is in a typical Haussmannien Parisian building. A lot of locals shops, bars, cafés give to this district a lively and active atmosphere for those who don't know yet the 11th district of Paris.  The room is equipped with a mezzanine king size bed which can easily accommodate a couple or a single person.  The tenant(s) will have access to a fully equipped kitchen as well as a bathroom that will be shared with my other 2 roommates. Room, kitchen, bathroom, living room and balcony ! The 11th district is very nice and combines both an lively and active day through its numerous local shops, cafés and an animated night life with a lot of cultural activities and typical bistros. The flat is next to the underground station of Rue Saint Maur (ligne 3) and at 7m
28221	A nice apartment of 50m2: a spacious bedroom  with a bed (2 persons) and the possibility of a extra matress for 2 as in the pictures). And a comfortable lounge with a sofa-bed. a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walk, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night.	Bastille! From its picturesque promenades to its late-night lounges, Bastille represents Parisian éclat.  A nice apartment of 50m2: a spacious bedroom  with a bed (2 persons) and the possibility of a extra matress for 2 as in the pictures). And a comfortable lounge with a sofa-bed. a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walk, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night. Bastille represents Pa
28222	Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in the Bastille - Voltaire district, at the first floor of a secured building where up to 4 people can come (two in the bedroom, and two on the sofa bed in the livingroom)	Appartement parfait pour un couple ou une famille de passage à Paris Perfect flat for a couple or a familly visiting Paris. Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in the Bastille - Voltaire district, at the first floor of a secured building where up to 4 people can come (two in the bedroom, and two on the sofa bed in the livingroom)
28223	Luminous flat at the 6th floor (elevator until the 5th floor) in a typical Parisian building.	Located in the heart of Paris, this flat will all the comfort young during your stay and will facilitate your discovering of the city. It is the perfect place for two people. Luminous flat at the 6th floor (elevator until the 5th floor) in a typical Parisian building. Central position of the Republique place will facilitate the discovering of Paris. The historic and famous Marais district is very closed, only a few minutes walking distance, with shops, trendy places, and bars, which built the hype reputation of this neighboorood  At the west, you will find the Grands Boulevards district, from the famous theaters to the Opera, through the famous shops Printemps and Galeries Lafayette. You will also discover the 11th district, one of the most exciting, moving, changing district, with its thousands restaurants, shops, clothes and fashion creators and will lead you to the Bastille place. Metro lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 at less of 5 minutes of walking distance (Republique place) will bring you i
28224	Our one-and-only “chez Pauline et Celine” is situated in a nice and quiet neighborhood in the city center of Paris. Accommodating up to 3 people, the studio is fully equipped with all living necessities (Internet, heating, television, bed coverings, sofa bed, crockery, fridge, microwave,washing machine,etc).	A genuine Parisian stay guaranteed. Our one-and-only “chez Pauline et Celine” is situated in a nice and quiet neighborhood in the city center of Paris. Accommodating up to 3 people, the studio is fully equipped with all living necessities (Internet, heating, television, bed coverings, sofa bed, crockery, fridge, microwave,washing machine,etc). The location provides convenient access to most of the tourist spots(5 mins to Bastille;7 mins to Republique;10 mins to Perelachaise; 12 mins to the shopping malls La Fayette/Printemps; 16 mins to Le Marais/Notre Dame) whereas also allows an escape from the more crowded throngs of Paris. Bakery, open markets, fleuriste downstairs; Bars, café and restaurants within walking distance; come as who you are and live here as a real Parisian.
28225	Donnant sur une grande cour, calme et lumineuse dont les murs sont jonchés de vigne vierge, ce deux pièces de 28m2 est unique! Les murs de l'appartement presque tout de bois, rappellent les chalets de la montagne. Sa mezzanine spacieuse et chaleureuse, permet de loger une personne seule ou un couple. L'hiver, en rentrant de votre ballade parisienne, allumez les loupiotes, piochez un livre ou un DVD dans la grande collection à disposition et profitez de l'écran 45 pouces. L'été, ouvrez grand les fenêtres laissez le soleil rentrer et sentez vous comme en pleine campagne au cœur de Paris. 	Cet appartement ne manque pas de charme! Petit cocon au coeur du 11e arrondissement, quartier d'artistes, parfaitement desservi. Cet appartement est le lieu idéal pour un séjour romantique. Atypique et chaleureux, vous ne voudrez plus le quitter ! Donnant sur une grande cour, calme et lumineuse dont les murs sont jonchés de vigne vierge, ce deux pièces de 28m2 est unique! Les murs de l'appartement presque tout de bois, rappellent les chalets de la montagne. Sa mezzanine spacieuse et chaleureuse, permet de loger une personne seule ou un couple. L'hiver, en rentrant de votre ballade parisienne, allumez les loupiotes, piochez un livre ou un DVD dans la grande collection à disposition et profitez de l'écran 45 pouces. L'été, ouvrez grand les fenêtres laissez le soleil rentrer et sentez vous comme en pleine campagne au cœur de Paris. Livres, DVD, chaine Hi-Fi, wifi, TV. Je reste joignable pour les voyageurs. Dans un 11e arrondissement vivant, chaleureux et créatif, vous trouverez autour tou
28226		A 2 minutes à pied du métro voltaire, 15 minutes de Bastille. L'appartement est propre, calme et lumineux. Il est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur.
28227	THE APARTMENT Located on the 6th floor with elevator, this airy apartment offers a large sitting room with a dining table for 4 people. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with bathtub, hair dryer, wc. - Bedroom with 1 bed for 2 people - Living room 	This charming studio for 2 people has been recently refurbished and offers a double-bed, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower. It is ideally located between Bastille and Charonne, in the middle of an area full of cafés and restaurants... THE APARTMENT Located on the 6th floor with elevator, this airy apartment offers a large sitting room with a dining table for 4 people. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with bathtub, hair dryer, wc. - Bedroom with 1 bed for 2 people - Living room Top floor, quiet penthouse-style apartment at a short walk from the Bastille and the Marais. The building is a typical 19th Century Parisian building recently restored. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants (especially in rue Paul Bert and rue Faidherbe), cafés, bars. The apartment is the ideal base to visit Bastille, the Marais and any other famous Parisian monuments 
28228	CHARMING STUDIO RENOVATED AND SITUATED IN FAIDHERBE-CHALIGNY AREA, NEAR BASTILLE. QUIET, AND RECENTLY RENOVATED. FULL FURNISHED. GASTRONOMIC RESTAURANTS, CAFES & BARS. Wi-Fi, TV, Hi-Fi. Bastille / Marché d'Aligre / Père Lachaise / Nights bars & clubs / Gastronomic restaurants / Cafés... 	CHARMING STUDIO RENOVATED AND SITUATED IN FAIDHERBE-CHALIGNY AREA, NEAR BASTILLE. QUIET, AND RECENTLY RENOVATED. FULL FURNISHED. GASTRONOMIC RESTAURANTS, CAFES & BARS. Wi-Fi, TV, Hi-Fi. Bastille / Marché d'Aligre / Père Lachaise / Nights bars & clubs / Gastronomic restaurants / Cafés... ARRIVALS: 12H30-20H30 (subject to availability) DEPARTURES: 12H00 (later subject to availability)
28229	"Our flat is sunny and calm, it has a lot of character. It has a big living room with 4 windows and a dinner table for 6. Its typically parisian, with wooden floor, large volumes and ""moulures"".  It's perfect for a family or some friends coming to visit the city.  Located on 4th and last floor, it is super sunny. It fits easily 6 adults and 2 children. The flat has 3 bedrooms: One with a double bed and two with a single bed. There is also a convertible sofa in the living room, and a baby cot and another mattress are available. Bedrooms overlook a  garden so no street noise during the night! All equiped (including dish washer, microwave, and everything a baby and a child would need (bed, toys, books...)).  The living room is 38sqm, the kitchen is big enough for the ones who like to cook and the bathroom has a bath.  Sheets and towels are included. Good internet connection (Fiber and Wifi)."	"Charming apartment, great location (11e). Parisian style, 3 bedrooms, a sunny living room. High ceilings, wooden floor, large volumes. It can fit easily 6 adults. Our flat is sunny and calm, it has a lot of character. It has a big living room with 4 windows and a dinner table for 6. Its typically parisian, with wooden floor, large volumes and ""moulures"".  It's perfect for a family or some friends coming to visit the city.  Located on 4th and last floor, it is super sunny. It fits easily 6 adults and 2 children. The flat has 3 bedrooms: One with a double bed and two with a single bed. There is also a convertible sofa in the living room, and a baby cot and another mattress are available. Bedrooms overlook a  garden so no street noise during the night! All equiped (including dish washer, microwave, and everything a baby and a child would need (bed, toys, books...)).  The living room is 38sqm, the kitchen is big enough for the ones who like to cook and the bathroom has a bath.  Sheets and "
28230	The appartment is new (finished in November 2013), very well secured (4 digicodes). The place is very cleverly arranged. It has a cosy atmosphere, authentic furniture and design. There is a comfortable twin sofa bed (high quality mattress), a hand made revisited bistro table, hand painted shelves. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge& freezer, a toaster, an oven & a Nespresso machine. You also have a washing machine in the bathroom & a hairdryer.  Wifi & home phone are available. Clean sheets are provided.	Charming 25 sq.m in a brand new residence near Père Lacahise. The flat has a cosy atmosphere and it can accommodate up to 2 persons. The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space.  The appartment is new (finished in November 2013), very well secured (4 digicodes). The place is very cleverly arranged. It has a cosy atmosphere, authentic furniture and design. There is a comfortable twin sofa bed (high quality mattress), a hand made revisited bistro table, hand painted shelves. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge& freezer, a toaster, an oven & a Nespresso machine. You also have a washing machine in the bathroom & a hairdryer.  Wifi & home phone are available. Clean sheets are provided. The flat is located in an ancient Paris neighbourhood, next to the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It is close to loads of well known lively areas such as Belleville and Ménilmontant. It is also very close to the subway station Père Lachaise, line 2 & 3, w
28231	The bedroom is elegantly decorated and features a queen-size bed with a mattress in natural latex and certified organic materials. The bathroom is fully remodeled and has high end fixtures, towel warmers... The living room is bathed with natural light throughout the day. There is also a brand new convertible sofa. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern amenities.	Magnificent redone apartment with up-market services. Everything is gathered so that you can spend a stay of dream in the most romantic city of the world! Situated in the district of Bastille, near the Marais. The bedroom is elegantly decorated and features a queen-size bed with a mattress in natural latex and certified organic materials. The bathroom is fully remodeled and has high end fixtures, towel warmers... The living room is bathed with natural light throughout the day. There is also a brand new convertible sofa. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern amenities. NEW  This beautiful apartment enjoys a fantastic location in the very center of Paris. This district has become the center of the trendiest and hippest area in Paris. Metro Bastille Ligne
28232	The living room/kitchen has a big door window facing a long balcony on the strett. It is equipped with : big sofa bed, TV, table, chairs, hard wood floor. The open kitchen is equipped with: fridge, freezer, oven, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils.  The bedroom is contiguous to the living room and has a big door window facing a long balcony on the strett (the same of the living room). It is equipped with : a king size bed (1,60 X 2,00 meters), a small desk, hard wood floor. 	This charming and very well situated 35 square meters , 1 bedroom, apartment is located on Rue Keller in the 11rd arrondissement, on the 5 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 3 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, TV, The living room/kitchen has a big door window facing a long balcony on the strett. It is equipped with : big sofa bed, TV, table, chairs, hard wood floor. The open kitchen is equipped with: fridge, freezer, oven, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils.  The bedroom is contiguous to the living room and has a big door window facing a long balcony on the strett (the same of the living room). It is equipped with : a king size bed (1,60 X 2,00 meters), a small desk, hard wood floor.  All the apartment  The guest is alone in the apartment  Bastille è uno dei quartieri più vivaci e alla moda di Parigi, adiacente al Marais e al Quartiere Latino.  Nearest metros (few meters): Bastille (lines 1, 5 and 8), Ledru Rollin (lines 1 and 5
28233	Au centre de Paris. Situé à 10 minutes à pied du célèbre quartier du Marais, à 5 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille et à 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République.  Emplacement de qualité, au pied de 3 lignes de métro différentes. Le quartier est jeune et vivant.  Il y a pleins de petits commerces, supermarchés, bars et restaurants ouverts jusqu'à tard le soir. Le studio est rénové, il fait environ 20 m². Il est loué tout équipé: entrée avec placard, pas de cuisine, mais un aménagement avec des plaques, un frigo et un mini four. Il vous sera fourni de quoi cuisiner et prendre des repas, petite salle de bain avec WC dans l'appartement, internet et nombreux rangements. Très bien chauffé, draps et serviettes vous seront donnés. Etage élevé avec ascenseur (5ème étage). Cet appartement donne entièrement sur un grand jardin. Calme et lumineux. Les voisins sont calmes et respectueux.  La résidence est récente avec gardien à l'entrée, un grand jardin et l'ascenseur est grand. J'habi	Dans résidence récente, charmant studio 20 m², idéalement placé (proximité marais). Etage élevé avec ascenseur, au calme sur jardin. Avec lit 2 places salle d'eau + WC. Petit coin cuisine avec plaques, frigo four Emplacement idéal loué tout équipé,. Au centre de Paris. Situé à 10 minutes à pied du célèbre quartier du Marais, à 5 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille et à 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République.  Emplacement de qualité, au pied de 3 lignes de métro différentes. Le quartier est jeune et vivant.  Il y a pleins de petits commerces, supermarchés, bars et restaurants ouverts jusqu'à tard le soir. Le studio est rénové, il fait environ 20 m². Il est loué tout équipé: entrée avec placard, pas de cuisine, mais un aménagement avec des plaques, un frigo et un mini four. Il vous sera fourni de quoi cuisiner et prendre des repas, petite salle de bain avec WC dans l'appartement, internet et nombreux rangements. Très bien chauffé, draps et serviettes vous seront donnés. Etag
28234	this chamant studio awaits you for a romantic getaway. it is located near the lively Oberkampf district and the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery, where are buried many personalities such as Oscar Wilde, Chopin and Jim Morrison .... you can reach on foot instead of the Republic to go shopping. The Pere Lachaise metro is 30 meters .... See you soon!	this chamant studio awaits you for a romantic getaway. it is located near the lively Oberkampf district and the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery, where are buried many personalities such as Oscar Wilde, Chopin and Jim Morrison .... you can reach on foot instead of the Republic to go shopping. The Pere Lachaise metro is 30 meters .... See you soon!
28235		Je propose un appartement de 20m², dans le quartier de la Bastille, proche des métros Saint Ambroise (ligne 9), et Breguet Sabin (ligne5). Quartier trés calme toute la journée, mais proche de la rue de Lappe à Bastille et de la rue d'Oberkampf. Proche du quartier de la Bastille et celui d'Oberkampf. Très calme, mais pas loin des bars à pied.  Accès à la ligne 5 (Breguet sabin), et à la ligne 9 (Saint Ambroise) A 10 minutes à pied du métro bastille.
28236	The apartment is located in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Bastille. It is in a charming passage of Paris, which means you can enjoy the calm and safety of the place. My flat is 30m² on the first floor. There is an open kitchen on the living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The flat is all equiped, there is a washing machine and a dishwasher  There is a sofa bed in the living room, so 4 people can sleep in the apartment.  The apartment is equipped with free wifi.	Dear guest,  The apartment is located in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Bastille. It is in a charming passage of Paris, which means you can enjoy the calm and safety of the place. You will find a subway station 2 minutes walking.   The 1 The apartment is located in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Bastille. It is in a charming passage of Paris, which means you can enjoy the calm and safety of the place. My flat is 30m² on the first floor. There is an open kitchen on the living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The flat is all equiped, there is a washing machine and a dishwasher  There is a sofa bed in the living room, so 4 people can sleep in the apartment.  The apartment is equipped with free wifi. You will find a subway station 2 minutes walking. The 11th district is a trendy neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, wine bars, bakeries and shops. To enjoy French gastronomy, you will find also 5 minutes walking the famous Aligre market with a lot of local produces
28237	"Its a cosy 17m2 (186sqft) room with a comfortable sofabed, a fully furnished kitchen and a nice bathroom with a great shower. We just finished renovating it and you'll find a brand new apartment, with everything you need to have an enjoyable stay. Amenities: 32"" flat screen TV, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdrier, wifi internet, land line phone with free international calls (France and Europe (only landlines) USA and Canada (landlines and mobiles)) Linen and towels provided. Please note that the apartment is on the 6th floor with NO LIFT !  "	"Its a cosy 17m2 (186sqft) room with a comfortable sofabed, a fully furnished kitchen and a nice bathroom with a great shower.  Great neighbourhood, with pleanty of great restaurants and easy access to the rest of the city! Its a cosy 17m2 (186sqft) room with a comfortable sofabed, a fully furnished kitchen and a nice bathroom with a great shower. We just finished renovating it and you'll find a brand new apartment, with everything you need to have an enjoyable stay. Amenities: 32"" flat screen TV, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdrier, wifi internet, land line phone with free international calls (France and Europe (only landlines) USA and Canada (landlines and mobiles)) Linen and towels provided. Please note that the apartment is on the 6th floor with NO LIFT !  You will have the studio to yourself and are free to use the space as your own home. GREAT LOCATION, In the heart of the 11th arrondissement, you'll be between  Oberkampf, Bastille and the Marais neighbourhoods. The area "
28238	The accommodation has all the amenities needed for a perfect stay. A small bathroom with sink, hair dryer, heating, toilet and shower ( towels provided if needed). The kitchen is fully equipped , oven with electric stove, kettle, toaster , fridge and freezer , cutlery ... The lounge , eat , watch TV ,  connect to WiFi ( the code will be communicated ) , is a warm space. Finally the bedroom, where the place will be made in closets, will allow you to relax after a good day of walking to discover Paris . The mattress is very comfortable and the hot duvet.	The accommodation has all the amenities needed for a perfect stay. A small bathroom with sink, hair dryer, heating, toilet and shower ( towels provided if needed). The kitchen is fully equipped , oven with electric stove, kettle, toaster , fridge and freezer , cutlery ... The lounge , eat , watch TV ,  connect to WiFi ( the code will be communicated ) , is a warm space. Finally the bedroom, where the place will be made in closets, will allow you to relax after a good day of walking to discover Paris . The mattress is very comfortable and the hot duvet. Great neighborhood , in addition to large supermarkets for a few key strokes , three times a week the Boulevard Richard Lenoir market ( Monday, Thursday , Sunday) . Very well located and served by public transport you can go anywhere in Paris . The Bastille restaurants, régalerons your taste buds and bars to Oberkampf promise you beautiful evenings , all this within 10 minutes walk By cycling, Velib station is down the building. By car f
28239	Studio idéalement placé et très bien agencé	Studio refait à neuf, contemporain, offrant un petit cocon au charme épuré au 2ème étage sur cour, très calme et ensoleillé.  Dans une rue calme et animée à la fois, petits restos excellents, traiteurs, boulangeries, supermarchés, cafés. À 10 minutes de la Bastille et du Marais Studio idéalement placé et très bien agencé Accès wifi / lave linge / machine Nespresso / chaîne hifi Bluetooth / électroménager cuisine... Quartier typiquement parisien, petits restos très réputés, cafés avec terrasses, boutiques de créateurs, traiteurs, supermarchés, boulangeries et pâtisseries de choix, squares, accès métro et bus à 2 minutes Metros : Charonne et Voltaire ligne 9, Ledru - Rollin ligne 8 ou Bastille lignes 1, 8 et 5 Bus : lignes 46, 76 et 61 Stations Velib et Autolib à proximité
28240	Appartement qui peut accueillir 2 à 4 personnes de façon confortable grâce à un agencement adapté, équipé, et bien placé dans la capitale.	Appartement qui peut accueillir 2 à 4 personnes de façon confortable grâce à un agencement adapté, équipé, et bien placé dans la capitale. Lave linge, cuisine équipée (gazinière, réfrigérateur, four micro-onde.....) Literie mise à (website hidden) et plan de Paris en prêt. Commerces à proximité immédiate, restaurants et bars sympas pour une vie de quartier agréable, rue très calme. A voir dans le quartier : Cimetière Père-Lachaise, Bois de Vincennes... Proximité des 12è, 20è arrondissement RER A (NATION), lignes de métro 1 et 6 (NATION), 2 (ALEXANDRE DUMAS) et 9 (RUE DES BOULETS) Linge de toilette non disponible. Présence d'un chat à l'année (qui ne reste pas lors des locations) : Attention aux allergiques!
28241	LA CHAMBRE, de 15m2 , orienté Nord Ouest, coté rue du Faubourg du Temple, avec un grand lit de 160 x 200, un petit bureau à votre disposition, une cheminée ( non praticable ), un petit balcon avec des plantes et une petite table, chaise, ou l'on récupère le soleil vers 18h.  Il y a dans la chambre un double-vitrage efficace qui isole du bruit de la rue, en plus d'un rideau occultant, permettant de bien dormir, au calme et dans l'obscurité si besoin. LA SALLE DE BAINS, de 4m2 comporte une baignoire.  Le linge de toilette est fourni, ainsi qu'un peignoir, savon, shampoing.  Un sèche cheveux est à disposition.	Chambre de 15m2 avec balcon, à louer dans un appartement lumineux et agréable de 50 m2, avec du parquet, des plantes, du soleil. La cuisine et la salle de bain seront à partager et l'ensemble de l'appartement sera à votre disposition en mon absence. LA CHAMBRE, de 15m2 , orienté Nord Ouest, coté rue du Faubourg du Temple, avec un grand lit de 160 x 200, un petit bureau à votre disposition, une cheminée ( non praticable ), un petit balcon avec des plantes et une petite table, chaise, ou l'on récupère le soleil vers 18h.  Il y a dans la chambre un double-vitrage efficace qui isole du bruit de la rue, en plus d'un rideau occultant, permettant de bien dormir, au calme et dans l'obscurité si besoin. LA SALLE DE BAINS, de 4m2 comporte une baignoire.  Le linge de toilette est fourni, ainsi qu'un peignoir, savon, shampoing.  Un sèche cheveux est à disposition. Vous pourrez profiter pleinement de l'appartement quand je ne suis pas à la maison. Sentez vous à l'aise tout en respectant les lieux, 
28242	Le logement est composé d'une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, machine à laver le linge), une salle de bain avec baignoire, des toilettes, une grande piece à vivre avec un salon (canapé, table à manger, balcon) et un lit deux place, ainsi qu'une chambre séparée avec lit deux places. Nous disposons aussi d'un box privé pour voiture.	Logement confortable en plein centre de Paris (métro 1, 5, 8, et 9). Situé dans un quartier très vivant, avec commerces, lieux festifs et culturels. Résidence calme, fenêtres donnant sur la cour et balcon. Idéal pour se reposer comme pour sortir! Le logement est composé d'une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, machine à laver le linge), une salle de bain avec baignoire, des toilettes, une grande piece à vivre avec un salon (canapé, table à manger, balcon) et un lit deux place, ainsi qu'une chambre séparée avec lit deux places. Nous disposons aussi d'un box privé pour voiture. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité du logement. Nous serons à Paris pendant ces deux mois (juillet-aout), vivant à 10min de l'appartement, vous pourrez faire appel à nous pour des conseils ou en cas de problèmes. La rue de la Roquette se trouve à l'hyper centre de la capitale, dans un très bel arrondissement, elle est alors extrêmement bien située: il y a tous les commerces utiles pour la vie de tous les jours, ainsi que
28243		Au calme et tout proche de Nation. 1er étage sur cour. Cuisine équipée avec plaque de cuisson, four micro-onde, frigo et congélateur. 1 grand lit dans la chambre. 1 canapé lit dans le salon. Salle de bain avec baignoire.
28244	This entirely remodeled studio is in a great location, walking distance from Place des Vosges, the oldest place in Paris. The immediate surrounding streets form the photo district, with stores, cool cafes, restaurants, bakeries galore! This studio is open and full of light. It has been entirely remodeled and tastefully furnished by its artist's owners. The property owner ensured to provide a quiet and relaxing stay by installing new double-paned special windows. This studio is 32 m2 meters (about 340 ft2) and has a queen size bed, plus a sofa sleeper which we recommend for a young adult. The apartment will sleep up to a total of 3 people. There is a bathroom with shower, sink and WC inside, which is very modern. The kitchenette corner offers lots of cupboard and counter space and features a 4 burner induction stove top, microwave and oven, an under the counter refrigerator/freezer and plenty of dishes and cutlery. There is a coffee table for 2 and a bar with stools for 2. Couch and eas	"This charming pied a terre is located in the ""Cour du Coq"", a historical gated courtyard formed by two story homes with artisan workshops on the ground floor. Lovingly renovated it will be a calm and tranquil oasis for your visit to Paris! This entirely remodeled studio is in a great location, walking distance from Place des Vosges, the oldest place in Paris. The immediate surrounding streets form the photo district, with stores, cool cafes, restaurants, bakeries galore! This studio is open and full of light. It has been entirely remodeled and tastefully furnished by its artist's owners. The property owner ensured to provide a quiet and relaxing stay by installing new double-paned special windows. This studio is 32 m2 meters (about 340 ft2) and has a queen size bed, plus a sofa sleeper which we recommend for a young adult. The apartment will sleep up to a total of 3 people. There is a bathroom with shower, sink and WC inside, which is very modern. The kitchenette corner offers lots of "
28245	L’OFFRE Dans une grande résidence privée avec jardin, entièrement rénovée en 2007, qui répond aux normes de sécurité, d’équipement et de confort les plus récentes, des chambres et duplex à 1, 2 ou 4 lits disponibles l’été. - Chambres à un ou deux lits: Elles sont équipées de rangements et bureaux et pourvues d’un accès wifi.  Une salle de douche avec douche et wc pour deux chambres. - Chambres duplex partagées à 4 places : ce sont de grandes chambres style atelier d’artiste de 23 à 28 m2 toutes équipées avec une mezzanine et 2 couchages par niveau. Elles ont un accès wifi, un WC et un lavabo individuel, les douches communes sont à l'étage. A private house with garden, fully renovated in 2007, meeting more recent safety standards with modern equipment and Wifi access by fibre 500Mbps . Available for summer only : - single (12 to 15m2) or double rooms (15 to 18m2) furnished, with WiFi access (and a bathroom shared for 2 rooms).  - 4 beds large duplex (20 à 27m2) with mezzanine (two beds 	Une chambre simple dans une maison privée chaleureuse et confortable avec jardin à 5 minutes du centre, de Bastille et du Marais, juste pour aout 2015 L’OFFRE Dans une grande résidence privée avec jardin, entièrement rénovée en 2007, qui répond aux normes de sécurité, d’équipement et de confort les plus récentes, des chambres et duplex à 1, 2 ou 4 lits disponibles l’été. - Chambres à un ou deux lits: Elles sont équipées de rangements et bureaux et pourvues d’un accès wifi.  Une salle de douche avec douche et wc pour deux chambres. - Chambres duplex partagées à 4 places : ce sont de grandes chambres style atelier d’artiste de 23 à 28 m2 toutes équipées avec une mezzanine et 2 couchages par niveau. Elles ont un accès wifi, un WC et un lavabo individuel, les douches communes sont à l'étage. A private house with garden, fully renovated in 2007, meeting more recent safety standards with modern equipment and Wifi access by fibre 500Mbps . Available for summer only : - single (12 to 15m2) or 
28246		This is a lighty loft around 100m2 at the subway Nation. It's located in the end of really peaceful and calm path, at the last floor, ans it's really quiet. 
28247	Very charming appartment in the heart of a trendy aera. Between the Place de la République (5 metro lines, lots of busses) and the Canal Saint-Martin. Easy to walk around and reach major spots, even by foot (very close to le Marais, Bastille in one direction, and to Belleville in another) . Appartment is in a quiet street, 5th floor of a classical haussmanian building, with elevator. It's a 60 meters square, has a sunny balcony, great for romantic breakfasts ! Classical interoriors for a classic parisian experience : wooden floor, fireplaces and their elegant mirrors. The flat has one bedroom nice and quiet (on the inside courtyard) with a top quality double bed (Simmons), a double living room (one part includes a coach, TV, table and chairs / the other part is a reading room with a desk and filled with books !). The kitchen is fully equipted, the bathroom has a nice walk-in shower. Internet very hight speed, hi-fi, washing machine, dishwasher. Baby bed can be added if needed. A child 	Very charming appartment in the heart of a trendy aera. Between the Place de la République (5 metro lines, lots of busses) and the Canal Saint-Martin. Easy to walk around and reach major spots, even by foot (very close to le Marais, Bastille in one direction, and to Belleville in another) . Appartment is in a quiet street, 5th floor of a classical haussmanian building, with elevator. It's a 60 meters square, has a sunny balcony, great for romantic breakfasts ! Classical interoriors for a classic parisian experience : wooden floor, fireplaces and their elegant mirrors. The flat has one bedroom nice and quiet (on the inside courtyard) with a top quality double bed (Simmons), a double living room (one part includes a coach, TV, table and chairs / the other part is a reading room with a desk and filled with books !). The kitchen is fully equipted, the bathroom has a nice walk-in shower. Internet very hight speed, hi-fi, washing machine, dishwasher. Baby bed can be added if needed. A child 
28248	Located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, between Bastille and Nation, you will stay in a completely renovated loft, by a Parisian designer. Based in a quiet and well-connected area, the flat is an ideal retreat for a few days / weeks in the heart of the French capital; Paris. Fully furnished, your stay will be facilitated by a fast access to the public transport; the neighbourhood is quiet and very safe at any time of the day.  You will be just few steps away from the most typical areas of Paris. Located on the second floor of a small building, you will stay in a design apartment with all the equipment needed.  Moreover the three windows will give you a view on a beautiful garden. The loft has 5 different rooms:   - 1 living room - 1 bathroom with shower - 1 bedroom with a double bed - 1 bedroom with two sleeping area  + an office work - 1 dressing Equipments: - Wifi, - Plasma TV, - DVD player - Microwave oven, - Fridge - Toaster - Washing machine + dryer (drying) - Lift - Guardian	Located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, between Bastille and Nation, you will stay in a completely renovated loft, by a Parisian designer. Based in a quiet and well-connected area, the flat is an ideal retreat for a few days / weeks in the heart of the French capital; Paris. Fully furnished, your stay will be facilitated by a fast access to the public transport; the neighbourhood is quiet and very safe at any time of the day.  You will be just few steps away from the most typical areas of Paris. Located on the second floor of a small building, you will stay in a design apartment with all the equipment needed.  Moreover the three windows will give you a view on a beautiful garden. The loft has 5 different rooms:   - 1 living room - 1 bathroom with shower - 1 bedroom with a double bed - 1 bedroom with two sleeping area  + an office work - 1 dressing Equipments: - Wifi, - Plasma TV, - DVD player - Microwave oven, - Fridge - Toaster - Washing machine + dryer (drying) - Lift - Guardian
28249	This 48 m2 apartment is very functional with severals areas :  - Living room   - Kitchen open to the living room with a bar  - Bedromm - Bathroom, with washing machine, hair dryer Recently renovated, the appartment is very quiet and open on a charming courtyard.  It combines contemporary decoration, and charming ancien materials : high ceiling and old parquet. 	48m² apartment in a 3rd floor of a lovely building: well served by public transit; close to  Le Marais et Père Lachaise, Bastille and Oberkampf. This 48 m2 apartment is very functional with severals areas :  - Living room   - Kitchen open to the living room with a bar  - Bedromm - Bathroom, with washing machine, hair dryer Recently renovated, the appartment is very quiet and open on a charming courtyard.  It combines contemporary decoration, and charming ancien materials : high ceiling and old parquet.  The apartment is fully equipped:   - TV (flat screen)  - Internet (wireless)  - Washing machine, oven / microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine, fridge, freezer. - Others (ironing board, hair dryer ...) A third person can sleep in the confortable sofa bed. When the booking is confirmed, you will receive a message with access codes to the building.  Do not hesitate to ask for details on transportation.  If we cannot be there when you arrive, my sister who knows very well the flat 
28250	Charmant deux-pièces de 30 m2 refait à neuf, en plein cœur de Paris dans le 11ème arrondissement, à 200 mètres de la place de la Bastille. L’appartement se compose d’une entrée avec dressing, d’un séjour donnant sur un balcon, d’une cuisine américaine, d’une chambre, d’une salle d’eau, et de WC séparés. Peut accueillir jusqu’à deux personnes. Vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour = cuisine entièrement équipée,TV, WIFI, Fer à repasser, sèche cheveux. Draps et serviettes disponibles.  L’appartement est très calme, un petit havre de paix en plein Paris!  Idéal pour découvrir la capitale à pied ou en transport en commun.  	Nice apartment, quiet and situated in the heart of Paris : bastille. Perfect for a couple on vacation in Paris. Charmant deux-pièces de 30 m2 refait à neuf, en plein cœur de Paris dans le 11ème arrondissement, à 200 mètres de la place de la Bastille. L’appartement se compose d’une entrée avec dressing, d’un séjour donnant sur un balcon, d’une cuisine américaine, d’une chambre, d’une salle d’eau, et de WC séparés. Peut accueillir jusqu’à deux personnes. Vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour = cuisine entièrement équipée,TV, WIFI, Fer à repasser, sèche cheveux. Draps et serviettes disponibles.  L’appartement est très calme, un petit havre de paix en plein Paris!  Idéal pour découvrir la capitale à pied ou en transport en commun.   Métro Bastille et Bréguet Sabin = lignes 1, 5 et 8.  Proche Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est.  Proche Châtelet (RER B, C et D). Vous profiterez du quartier très animé grâce aux nombreux bars et restaurants! Si vous le souhaitez,
28251	Former workshop, designed by an architect,  located on the ground-floor, in a clustered courtyard; very close to Place de la Bastille, and metro and busses'stations. The apartment is situated between a tennis court and the clusterd courtyard, so it  is perfectly calm. You will therefore enjoy a perfect tranquility in an area full of life. You will be close to the Opera Bastille, the Canal Saint-Martin without mentionning the Place des Vosges and the historical district of le Marais. The appartment consists in a vast openspace living area and an open plan kitchen with all the necessary modern equipment (dish washer, microwave oven, washing machine etc...) The room is large with placards and a queen bed,is opening to the shower room, which has a dryer for the toiwels. The toilets are separated. In the salon, you will find a double canape convertible new, a TV and so on... This former  work-house is remarquable for its interior space, bright and luminous, so calm in a district so livy. Wi	Former workshop, designed by an architect,  located on the ground-floor, in a clustered courtyard; very close to Place de la Bastille, and metro and busses'stations. The apartment is situated between a tennis court and the clusterd courtyard, so it  is perfectly calm. You will therefore enjoy a perfect tranquility in an area full of life. You will be close to the Opera Bastille, the Canal Saint-Martin without mentionning the Place des Vosges and the historical district of le Marais. The appartment consists in a vast openspace living area and an open plan kitchen with all the necessary modern equipment (dish washer, microwave oven, washing machine etc...) The room is large with placards and a queen bed,is opening to the shower room, which has a dryer for the toiwels. The toilets are separated. In the salon, you will find a double canape convertible new, a TV and so on... This former  work-house is remarquable for its interior space, bright and luminous, so calm in a district so livy. Wi
28252	Located in the heart of the very happening St Maur and Oberkampf neighborhood, and right across the Pere Lachaise cemetery where lays Bob Dylan, this 3 room appartment accomodates 4 adults and 2 Kids or 5 adults.  Fully equiped kitchen, dishwasher and washer.  The Master bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed, the living room with a queen size fold out futon and the smaller kids bedroom with a single bed. Very quiet and sunny, the apartment is 10 min walking distance from Nation, Bastille and République.  15min away by subway from the Galeries Lafayettes and all major department stores.  6th and last floor . Elevator.  A few feet away from Line 3 and 2 Subway stop Père Lachaise All Stores are right downstairs and open 7 days a week.  We will of course provide you with Wi-Fi Codes.  There is also a 40'TV available for connection as a screen to any computer with a HD cable.	Located in the heart of the very happening St Maur and Oberkampf neighborhood, and right across the Pere Lachaise cemetery where lays Bob Dylan, this 3 room appartment accomodates 4 adults and 2 Kids or 5 adults.  Fully equiped kitchen, dishwasher and washer.  The Master bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed, the living room with a queen size fold out futon and the smaller kids bedroom with a single bed. Very quiet and sunny, the apartment is 10 min walking distance from Nation, Bastille and République.  15min away by subway from the Galeries Lafayettes and all major department stores.  6th and last floor . Elevator.  A few feet away from Line 3 and 2 Subway stop Père Lachaise All Stores are right downstairs and open 7 days a week.  We will of course provide you with Wi-Fi Codes.  There is also a 40'TV available for connection as a screen to any computer with a HD cable. Less then a minute walk from all public transports : subway line 2 and 3 , bus 61, 69, 96 etc...
28253	Hello travellers, I'm renting a nice and sunny room (12 m²) in a big flat (120m²) in center Paris just nearby Place de la Bastille.  - Very lively, trendy neighbourhood.  1 min walking from rue de Lappe (lively street with lots of        bars and restaurants) / and Bastille Opera 10 min walking from Marais and Place des Vosges / Marché d'Aligre (very nice daily open market).  - 2 minutes walking from Bastille subway station where you can take line 1, line 8 or line 5.  From there you can reach every interest point easily : Notre Dame / Centre Pompidou / Pere Lachaise in 10 min, Champs Elysees / Montmartre in 20 min - The room has a comfortable double bed  a wardrobe and a desk with a computer that you can use freely. It has free WIFI access. Free phone access to many destinations in  the world. You can use the bathroom, the washing machine, the kitchen, the fridge and the living room. The room is separated from the rest of the flat by two doors. - The appartment is shared with my two f	Located in the heart of Paris in a very lively neighbourhood, this cosy room will be the perfect base to explore Paris. Easy access to all major sights and subway lines. Hello travellers, I'm renting a nice and sunny room (12 m²) in a big flat (120m²) in center Paris just nearby Place de la Bastille.  - Very lively, trendy neighbourhood.  1 min walking from rue de Lappe (lively street with lots of        bars and restaurants) / and Bastille Opera 10 min walking from Marais and Place des Vosges / Marché d'Aligre (very nice daily open market).  - 2 minutes walking from Bastille subway station where you can take line 1, line 8 or line 5.  From there you can reach every interest point easily : Notre Dame / Centre Pompidou / Pere Lachaise in 10 min, Champs Elysees / Montmartre in 20 min - The room has a comfortable double bed  a wardrobe and a desk with a computer that you can use freely. It has free WIFI access. Free phone access to many destinations in  the world. You can use the bathroom
28254	38m2 apartment, very bright, south facing, in a building located on Hausmann and Avenue Parmentier.  This apartment is on the first floor.  I welcome you in my apartment, and you'll find a room with:  - a sofa for two persons,  - a coffee table  - TV with international channels  - internet connection (WiFi)  - DVD player  - a fan for times heat :-)  In my room there are:  - King Size bed  - 2 small tables by the bed  - heating  - a large wardrobe with cupboards  The bathroom is an extension of the room.  In this bathroom, you will find:  - shower  - toilet  - sink  - washing machine  - cupboards  should know that the kitchen is independent:  - fridge  - microwave  - coffee maker  - plates Electrical  - closets and various kitchen utensils  The apartment is ideally located for transport:  - Metro Bastille (lines 1 - 5 - 8, 5 min)  - Metro République (lines 8 to 5 - 9, 5 min)  - Metro Voltaire (line 9, 5min)  - Metro Parmentier (line 3, 5 min)  - Vélib 'stations nearby  The apartment is 	38m2 apartment, very bright, south facing, in a building located on Hausmann and Avenue Parmentier.  This apartment is on the first floor.  I welcome you in my apartment, and you'll find a room with:  - a sofa for two persons,  - a coffee table  - TV with international channels  - internet connection (WiFi)  - DVD player  - a fan for times heat :-)  In my room there are:  - King Size bed  - 2 small tables by the bed  - heating  - a large wardrobe with cupboards  The bathroom is an extension of the room.  In this bathroom, you will find:  - shower  - toilet  - sink  - washing machine  - cupboards  should know that the kitchen is independent:  - fridge  - microwave  - coffee maker  - plates Electrical  - closets and various kitchen utensils  The apartment is ideally located for transport:  - Metro Bastille (lines 1 - 5 - 8, 5 min)  - Metro République (lines 8 to 5 - 9, 5 min)  - Metro Voltaire (line 9, 5min)  - Metro Parmentier (line 3, 5 min)  - Vélib 'stations nearby  The apartment is 
28255	The flat is a 43m2 flat with a living room, a bed room, an amercian kitchen, and a bathroom.  The bed room is with a two person queensize bed, a	This flat is the ideal flat for visiting authentique Paris in the young and hipster parisian part of Paris near of the Famous Père Lachaise and the place of La Bastille. Quiet and luminous. Confortable. With a video-projecter. Do not doubt ! The flat is a 43m2 flat with a living room, a bed room, an amercian kitchen, and a bathroom.  The bed room is with a two person queensize bed, a The flat is on the line 9 of subway, station Saint Ambroise (a beautiful church of Paris) and is directly line to the eiffel tower, the 16th district, the Champs Elysées, The Grands Boulevards. We are 3 peoples in charge of my flat. And all around 5 minutes by feet to come. Also, it's gonna be super easy to checkin, checkout, and meet if you need us. By the way, i'm still operational on my mobil phone. The 11th district of Paris is a very parisian one. It's a lovely and popular place then you'll find family, young or old peoples, bar, restaurants, markets shop, famous night club, shows... If you tell me wh
28256	This is a practical space as there are two shower rooms and two toilets. It is recently renovated so everything is new, however the painting is not yet finished throughout so I have adjusted the price accordingly. There is one double sofa bed, one double bed and one single bed. 	This recently renovated flat of 54m2 is just across from the Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is above a bakery and next to a cheese shop for the authentic French experience.  Suitable for a family or 1 or 2 couples. 2 toilets and shower rooms. This is a practical space as there are two shower rooms and two toilets. It is recently renovated so everything is new, however the painting is not yet finished throughout so I have adjusted the price accordingly. There is one double sofa bed, one double bed and one single bed.  It is ideally situated 3 minutes from metro station Pere lachaise lines 2 and 3 and there are 2 bus lines in front of the building. I can give more details on arrivals/directions on demand. I will be there to welcome guests and happy to supply local information.  In case I am not in Paris and able to welcome there will be someone else to do so. I have happily lived in this neighbourhood for many years and this is the typical Parisian experience, from the boulangerie downstairs
28257	Totally renovated duplex with a real bed 2 people and a sofa bed for 2 in the heart of a Parisian neighborhood in the rue de Lappe, the most lively of  Bastille. The apartment is in a very quiet courtyard. It's a kind of countryside in Paris ...	Superb renovated duplex with exposed beams and bricks in the heart of Bastille.Unique, typical, modern it is in a leafy courtyard of the Rue de Lappe. Fully equipped, 10 minutes from the Marais and the Place des Vosges ... Up to 4 people Totally renovated duplex with a real bed 2 people and a sofa bed for 2 in the heart of a Parisian neighborhood in the rue de Lappe, the most lively of  Bastille. The apartment is in a very quiet courtyard. It's a kind of countryside in Paris ... This apartment is fully dedicated and designed for travelers, they have access to everything in the apartment, a large dressing is available to store their clothes and suitcases It is a purely Parisian neighborhood, trendy and casual. Rue de Lappe is unavoidable night Bastille street littered with bars, restaurants and small shops. Near the Opera Bastille Close to all accomodations : supermarkets, markets, bakeries, pharmacy, post office, ATM, shops, and especially public transport, 5 minutes from the Bastille 
28258	Welcome to to the PERE LACHAISE very famous cimetery, BELLEVILE and Menilmontant area, very famous locations !! At the 5th floor of a 7th floor building with balcony : bedroom, kitchen, living room and bathroom (towels furnished). Charming flat with one bedroom (double size bed), linen furnished, a living room with sofa for 2 people (extra fees per person, linen and sheets furnished). A little kitchen: well equipped with fridge, kettle, microwave, electric cooking plaques,... There are all utensils needed. In the bathroom, there is a washing machine (wash and dry). All furnished (TV, DVD, Micro Wave, Fridge)  Clean linen, sheets, pillows and Towels furnished.  	Enjoy this very nice flat of 23m² with balcony (8m²) to rent in the Père Lachaise/Ménilmontant surrounded, (the 11st district). This flat is perfect for you to enjoy Paris since it is near all transports, famous places and shops !! Welcome to to the PERE LACHAISE very famous cimetery, BELLEVILE and Menilmontant area, very famous locations !! At the 5th floor of a 7th floor building with balcony : bedroom, kitchen, living room and bathroom (towels furnished). Charming flat with one bedroom (double size bed), linen furnished, a living room with sofa for 2 people (extra fees per person, linen and sheets furnished). A little kitchen: well equipped with fridge, kettle, microwave, electric cooking plaques,... There are all utensils needed. In the bathroom, there is a washing machine (wash and dry). All furnished (TV, DVD, Micro Wave, Fridge)  Clean linen, sheets, pillows and Towels furnished.  Entire flat I will always be available by email or phone, at your arrival, I'll give you the keys a
28259	"Coming to Paris for a visit? Rent our beautifully furnished apartment by the day, week, or month.  Please read our reviews to see how much people love staying here. And feel free to send me a message with any questions about the apartment, the neighborhood, or Paris in general.  The apartment is fully (and nicely) equipped, and perfect for a single person or couple. We provide sheets, towels, and just about everything you need. Come with just your suitcase.  We can also provide a folding travel crib if you have an infant. (No more than two adults and one infant, please.) The ""Haussmannian-style"" building (authentic Paris style) dates from 1850 and is in a great location, very close to the city center, but on a quiet residential street. Click on the ""guidebook"" link to read about neighborhood restaurants and sites.  TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR PARIS SITES Place de la Bastille: 10 mintes walk Père Lachaise cemetery: 5 minutes walk The Marais: 10 minutes walk The Louvre: 15 minutes direct bus T"	"ASK ABOUT AUGUST/SEPTEMBER RATES Live like a local in our charming central-Paris 2-room (1-bedroom) apartment. Super comfortable, beautifully cared for, easy access to shops, cafés, restaurants, métro/bus & tourist sites. Please read our reviews! Coming to Paris for a visit? Rent our beautifully furnished apartment by the day, week, or month.  Please read our reviews to see how much people love staying here. And feel free to send me a message with any questions about the apartment, the neighborhood, or Paris in general.  The apartment is fully (and nicely) equipped, and perfect for a single person or couple. We provide sheets, towels, and just about everything you need. Come with just your suitcase.  We can also provide a folding travel crib if you have an infant. (No more than two adults and one infant, please.) The ""Haussmannian-style"" building (authentic Paris style) dates from 1850 and is in a great location, very close to the city center, but on a quiet residential street. Click o"
28260	Situé dans la rue Oberkampf, l'appartement est refait à neuf. Atypique, et au calme, il dispose de beaux volumes et est bien agencé pour un couple avec/sans enfants (possibilité de rajouter un matelas au sol). 	L'appartement est idéal pour un couple en séjour à Paris. Il est spacieux, calme et lumineux. Il dispose d'une chambre, d'une cuisine ouverte sur séjour, d'une salle de bains avec douche, des wc séparé. Le style mélange le moderne et l'haussmannien. Situé dans la rue Oberkampf, l'appartement est refait à neuf. Atypique, et au calme, il dispose de beaux volumes et est bien agencé pour un couple avec/sans enfants (possibilité de rajouter un matelas au sol). Appartement entier Minimum 2 nuits Parisien, je me tiens à votre disposition pour tous renseignements sur la Ville. Quartiers : Ménilmontant/ Belleville/ Cimetière du Père Lachaise Ce quartier populaire de l'est parisien, dispose de nombreux bars, restaurants ouverts à toute heure du jour et de la nuit. (A proximité de friperies, bowling, antiquaires...) Métro : Ménilmontant (L2) au pied de l'immeuble. Saint Maur (L3) à 5 min à pied. Borne vélib au pied de l'immeuble Nombreuses lignes de bus The appartement is being renovated. Availab
28261		Charmant studio de 30 m2, très lumineux, situé entre Nation et Bastille. A 3 min du métro. Proche des boutiques, restaurants, bars... Cuisine équipée et moderne,  salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, balcon orienté plein sud, wc séparé
28262	Menilmontant is a village beating in the heart of the authentic Paris. In this beautifull neighbourhood lies this amazing and sophisticated studio. Fifth floor with elevator, 22m2, in a very safe and quiet building.  Just recently renovated by a young parisian designer, we took time to chose beautifull furnitures and decorations. We really hope you will enjoy the small details. Beautifull entrance to the living room, very comfortable sofa bed: it's a real (website hidden), Wifi, internet, ipod block, everything needed to relax after your long days discovering Paris. The kitchen is fully equiped: micro wave, boiler, nespresso, electric cooker, fridge etc.  The bathroom is cute and white spotless. Italian shower cabin, toilet and bassin. Fully equiped too. The towels and the linens are all available. We will do everything to make your experience amazing.	    Newly renovated by a parisian designer, this studio is perfect for a sophisticated and comfortable stay in the city of lights. Located few steps away from Pere Lachaise parc and metro, you are 20 minutes away max from all the main attractions.   
28263	This 40 sqm apartement proposes one living/dining room, a fully opened equipped kitchen, one bathroom and a bedroom with double-bed. The apartment is welcome and in a quiet living environment and spleeps up to two persons + one child. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television with international TV channels. Living/dining room With a surface of approximately 18 sqm and has two windows facing West. Equipped with: bookcase, one double sofa bed 140 cm wide, two chairs, two armchairs, wooden floor, table and a coffee table. The bathroom Tiled floor, shower, one sink and hairdryer and has one window. The bedroom With a surface of 15 sqm and has a window. Equipped with: bookcase, desk	This 40 sqm apartement proposes one living/dining room, a fully opened equipped kitchen, one bathroom and a bedroom with double-bed. The apartment is welcome and in a quiet living environment and spleeps up to two persons + one child. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television with international TV channels. Living/dining room With a surface of approximately 18 sqm and has two windows facing West. Equipped with: bookcase, one double sofa bed 140 cm wide, two chairs, two armchairs, wooden floor, table and a coffee table. The bathroom Tiled floor, shower, one sink and hairdryer and has one window. The bedroom With a surface of 15 sqm and has a window. Equipped with: bookcase, desk
28264	The flat is on the last floor of a late 19th century building at the beginning of Rue de la Roquette. It's a beautiful volume featuring a spacious all-in-one living room on street side and a separate bedroom on court side. Lots of light, with beautiful and direct sunrise on street side. There's a window on the roof, which adds a lot of karma. It can get warm in July/August, though it's easy to let fresh air go through the flat. As for winter, a powerful boiler has what it takes to heat all rooms to your liking.	Meters away of Place de la Bastille, the flat offers the best of both worlds: check the energetic and groovy 11th Arrondissement on street side, enjoy a quiet cocoon on an inner court on room's side. Linens are organic and products are sulfate-free. The flat is on the last floor of a late 19th century building at the beginning of Rue de la Roquette. It's a beautiful volume featuring a spacious all-in-one living room on street side and a separate bedroom on court side. Lots of light, with beautiful and direct sunrise on street side. There's a window on the roof, which adds a lot of karma. It can get warm in July/August, though it's easy to let fresh air go through the flat. As for winter, a powerful boiler has what it takes to heat all rooms to your liking. You get the full thing. The flat is on the last floor of a small, typical parisian building. We'll meet at the flat for a short check-in and key handover. Then expect us to be reachable anytime over the phone. We'll meet again for a 
28265		Welcome to this furnished flat on the 1th floor of a secured building located in a lovely area just next to Bastille.
28266		Very cosy flat in the 20th area.
28267		The home based in center of Paris. French neighbourhood calm. Lots of pubs and restaurants nearby access of metro.
28268		Charming flat (35 sqm/m²) / 1 bedroom (1 double bed) / 1 dinning room open on the kitchen / 2nd floor / located in the trendy 11th arrondissement (Place Voltaire) near Bastille, Le Marais, Oberkampf, Canal St Martin and Pere Lachaise.   
28269	In a very living, animated and touristic area, this apartment is very quiet. On the last floor by the lift, the large windows looking on Paris roofs make it very luminous and nice.	This luminous apartment, on the 6 th floor by the lift, is 2 minutes on foot from Bastille metro.The view on the roofs of Paris is scenic, the Wi-Fi connection is free.The area is very animated, lot of restaurants, cafés, shops... In a very living, animated and touristic area, this apartment is very quiet. On the last floor by the lift, the large windows looking on Paris roofs make it very luminous and nice. - free wifi - kitchen - dishwasher - micro wave - expresso coffe machine - kettle - iron - shower room and toilet - hairdryer - electric heater - double bed 140cm X 190cm Supplyed: - 2 towels - 1 sheet+ 1 duvet cover + 2 pillowcases - 1 soap Bastille neighberhood is very animated, lots of restaurants, cafés, shops, 3 metro stations to reach the center of Paris. subway Bastille 20 euros fee for the laundry of the linen and towels, on departure , the apartment must be kept clean for the new tenant reinforced door, your things are safe
28270	A few steps from of top of Marais, I enjoy walking down the quite streets, to have a Spritz on shaded terraces, or do small purchases in the many fashion shops around.  I absolutely recommend the concept store MERCI for fashion and small unique decorative items -500 meters from the apartment. To do the shopping or to have a bite, the big grocery store MAISON PLISSON is an essential stop, with its selection of gourmet products directly from the producers -550 meters. You'll be spoiled for choice between the art galleries, the contemporary design, the new Musée Picasso, renovated in 2014 (15-minute walk) or the shops owned by young designers or the big Parisian brands. When you come back, you'll have earned a relaxing time on the terrace, drinking wine from a small producer and eating artisanal deli meats. The accommodation consists of a separate room with a quality bed for two people, an American-style kitchen in the living room, with a couch with 1 sleeping space and a bathroom. The eq	This two-room apartment with a terrace is totally new, with a mix of contemporary and vintage design. It is located a few meters from the trendy Haut Marais district. You will love to relax in this very calm apartment after a Parisian day! A few steps from of top of Marais, I enjoy walking down the quite streets, to have a Spritz on shaded terraces, or do small purchases in the many fashion shops around.  I absolutely recommend the concept store MERCI for fashion and small unique decorative items -500 meters from the apartment. To do the shopping or to have a bite, the big grocery store MAISON PLISSON is an essential stop, with its selection of gourmet products directly from the producers -550 meters. You'll be spoiled for choice between the art galleries, the contemporary design, the new Musée Picasso, renovated in 2014 (15-minute walk) or the shops owned by young designers or the big Parisian brands. When you come back, you'll have earned a relaxing time on the terrace, drinking wine
28271	"You will enjoy this lovely and charming typically ""bohème artists"" apartment, with a piano, guitars, books, midcentury danish furnitures and green plants. The apartment is a 3 rooms, total superficie: 60 square meters. There is a big living room with a daybed on which 1 adult can sleep, an open kitchen (with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave oven), a bathroom (with a bathtub and a washing machine), a little bedroom for 2 adults (one double bed) and a little bedroom for children (one kid bed and one baby bed). It is a ground floor very quiet (located in a very small street and very well isolated phonetically). Ideal for a family with 2 young kids or a couple."	"Lovely and charming appartment in Paris 11st district. Typically ""bobo"" (""bourgeois bohème""), the appartment is located in Paris near métro Voltaire. In the heart of the bobo area, near Square Gardette, Père Lachaise, Oberkampf and République, you"
28272	Unique non ! mais d un bon standing, bien meuble avec gout et de tout confort.  Au pied du metro... central dans paris dans un quartier sympa, Voltaire, rue de la roquette, République. Entre Bastille et le Marais... a 5 minutes de république...   Donc unique non ! mais sympa Oui ;)  If they need some help or idea for Paris... Yes with pleasure ! but when i m not working ;) The traditional parisian life... the authenticity  The Bar & restaurant  The central location  The safety  ligne 9 Métro Voltaire very easy... I with only serious people, because the appartment is very clean with a good standing...  All the confort that they need  If they need some help or idea for Paris... Yes with pleasure ! but when i m not working ;) The traditional parisian life... the authenticity  The Bar & restaurant  The central location  The safety  ligne 9 Métro Voltaire very easy... I wish only serious people, because the appartment is very clean with a good standing...  All the confort that they need  If	Unique non ! mais d un bon standing, bien meuble avec gout et de tout confort.  Au pied du metro... central dans paris dans un quartier sympa, Voltaire, rue de la roquette, République. Entre Bastille et le Marais... a 5 minutes de république...   Donc unique non ! mais sympa Oui ;)  If they need some help or idea for Paris... Yes with pleasure ! but when i m not working ;) The traditional parisian life... the authenticity  The Bar & restaurant  The central location  The safety  ligne 9 Métro Voltaire very easy... I with only serious people, because the appartment is very clean with a good standing...  All the confort that they need  If they need some help or idea for Paris... Yes with pleasure ! but when i m not working ;) The traditional parisian life... the authenticity  The Bar & restaurant  The central location  The safety  ligne 9 Métro Voltaire very easy... I wish only serious people, because the appartment is very clean with a good standing...  All the confort that they need  If
28273	Ce joli studio avec façade façon atelier industriel, séduira par son calme et sa modernité. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire. Le haut plafond offre une sensation de grandeur et d'espace. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. LE LOGEMENT : Tout juste refait à neuf, ce charmant studio est situé au Rez-De-Chaussée d'un ancien immeuble (coté cour), tout près de la place de la Bastille (10min à pied) en plein coeur de Paris. Ce studio de 19m² offre tout le confort nécessaire. L'espace est intelligemment aménagé. L'installation de la mezzanine permet d'offrir un coin salon pour les voyageurs ainsi qu'un espace cuisine.  Coin Salon Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible, d'une grande télé (écran plat) avec option 3D mais également d'une connexion internet en fibre optique pouvant aller jusqu'à 200mb/s et bien sûr tout cela gratuitement. La télé offre un panel d'environ 240 chaînes. Un fer à repasser ainsi qu'une petite planche à repasser sont mis à disposition.  Coin  cuisine L	Ce joli studio avec façade façon atelier industriel, séduira par son calme et sa modernité. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire. Le haut plafond offre une sensation de grandeur et d'espace. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. Ce joli studio avec façade façon atelier industriel, séduira par son calme et sa modernité. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire. Le haut plafond offre une sensation de grandeur et d'espace. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. LE LOGEMENT : Tout juste refait à neuf, ce charmant studio est situé au Rez-De-Chaussée d'un ancien immeuble (coté cour), tout près de la place de la Bastille (10min à pied) en plein coeur de Paris. Ce studio de 19m² offre tout le confort nécessaire. L'espace est intelligemment aménagé. L'installation de la mezzanine permet d'offrir un coin salon pour les voyageurs ainsi qu'un espace cuisine.  Coin Salon Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible, d'une grande télé (écran plat) avec option 3D mais également d'une connexion inter
28274	"Enjoy parisian life experience in a popular and trendy area! Idealy located, you are just 10 up to 20 mn maximum to the main touristic areas as le Marais, Bastille, Montmartre, le Louvre... 2mn by feet to the famous cimettery of ""Père-Lachaise , 5mn to ""le village de Ménilmontant"", 10mn to Bastille. You will have the choice between a full range of bars and restaurants for romantic diner or crazy party ! Supermarket, bakery, grocery, wine store.... you'll find anything you need!! Even a cheese store ! The nearest tube station is only 3mn from the flat: ""Père-Lachaise"", lines 2 and 3. The flat is really bright (5th floor without lift) and located in a tradionnal parisian building. One bedroom with a double bed. One lovely and cute bathroom, with a bathtube and really bright (good for ladies who love to make up ;) ) A large living room with TV, stereo, dining table, a sofabed. A fully furnished kitchen (oven, micro-waves, frige, coffe machine, washer...) You will feel like home! I'm avala"	"Enjoy parisian life experience in a popular and trendy area! Idealy located, you are just 10 up to 20 mn maximum to the main touristic areas as le Marais, Bastille, Montmartre, le Louvre... 2mn by feet to the famous cimettery of ""Père-Lachaise , 5mn to ""le village de Ménilmontant"", 10mn to Bastille. You will have the choice between a full range of bars and restaurants for romantic diner or crazy party ! Supermarket, bakery, grocery, wine store.... you'll find anything you need!! Even a cheese store ! The nearest tube station is only 3mn from the flat: ""Père-Lachaise"", lines 2 and 3. The flat is really bright (5th floor without lift) and located in a tradionnal parisian building. One bedroom with a double bed. One lovely and cute bathroom, with a bathtube and really bright (good for ladies who love to make up ;) ) A large living room with TV, stereo, dining table, a sofabed. A fully furnished kitchen (oven, micro-waves, frige, coffe machine, washer...) You will feel like home! I'm avala"
28275	It is an ideal spot to relax after a long day in Paris. Very calm in a dynamic and trendy district in the heart of Paris.	In the heart of Paris at place de la Bastille, this apartment is the perfect solution to discover Paris. Very calm but in a trendy, young and dynamic district with a wide selection of shops, bars and restaurants. It is an ideal spot to relax after a long day in Paris. Very calm in a dynamic and trendy district in the heart of Paris. lat screen television, internet. you can ask what ever you want, i ll try to answer as soon as possible! Very calm apartment in a very trendy and dynamic district. 5mn by walk from le Marais and place des vosges, village st Paul and also next to the Louvre, Beaubourg, tuileries gardens  (3 subways stop);  very nice market every thursday and sunday in front of the door. very well served (have a look on the address) ligne 1, 5, 8 by the subway ( 5 and 6 stops from gare du nord et gare de l'est), 15mn by walk from gare de lyon.  i ll answer for any questions!
28276	Entre les nuits animés du quartier Oberkampf, et à 10 min a pied du marais, cet appartement est idéal pour visiter la capitale! Bastille est a 5 minutes à pied, et en métro, Opéra se rejoint en 20 min, Le Louvre également ! 	"Studio accessible, soft and typical! Can place two people and is very central, in a quiet street, within walking distance of Bastille. Benefit from its kitchen equipped and its proximity with the subway. Métro, line 9, stop at ""Voltaire station"""
28277		Pied-à-terre chaleureux pour familles, couples ou artistes; lumineux et bien aménagé, avec tout le confort moderne; dans un quartier tranquille où les commerces sont ouverts 7/7.
28278		Beautiful, large room in a two-bedroom second floor apartment in the 11th arrondissement. 5 min walk to Le Marais + 10 mins to Canal Saint Martin. The apartment is shared with my housemate, a 23 yr old French girl. A perfect base to explore Paris! Guests will have full access to the living room, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. All communal spaces are shared with my housemate, a 23 year-old French girl. My housemate works full time and is rarely home during the week. The 11th arrondissement is one of the best parts of Paris. The apartment is located just above the Marais and only a 10 minute walk to Canal Saint Martin, one of the most popular areas for Parisians. 5 minute walk to Bastille and a 2 minute walk to the metro (line 5 and 9). The apartment is located in the perfect spot to explore the city and enjoy Paris like a local with endless cafés, restaurants and bars in the area. Metro lines 5 and 9 are both a 2 minute walk from the apartment and the apartment is located within walking
28279	Hi! often on the move, we propose our nice cosy apartment to those who pass by the capital... Ideally located in the 11th arrondissement , in the heart of the triangle Nation/République/Bastille, 2 steps from the popular daily market of Aligre , the apartment stands in a very lively area. The rue de Charonne is a very animated street, full of restaurants, cafes,bars, stores, boutiques, theatres and workshops. Very well served district, 2mn from metro Charonne line9,  5mn from metro Faidherbe line8, and on the way of buses 46, 76 et 56. The apartment is calm and light, windows look onto a green and large courtyard, far from the trafic of the street. Quite small -344 squfeet / 32 squmeters -but well structured and organized:  the main room with pull out sofa-bed, the kitchen with table and chairs, and the bathroom with bathtub. Perfect for single or couple ! A lot of green plants make the place colorfull and cosy. Please take care of them if you're there for a long stay! We leave some sp	Hi! often on the move, we propose our nice cosy apartment to those who pass by the capital... Ideally located in the 11th arrondissement , in the heart of the triangle Nation/République/Bastille, 2 steps from the popular daily market of Aligre , the apartment stands in a very lively area. The rue de Charonne is a very animated street, full of restaurants, cafes,bars, stores, boutiques, theatres and workshops. Very well served district, 2mn from metro Charonne line9,  5mn from metro Faidherbe line8, and on the way of buses 46, 76 et 56. The apartment is calm and light, windows look onto a green and large courtyard, far from the trafic of the street. Quite small -344 squfeet / 32 squmeters -but well structured and organized:  the main room with pull out sofa-bed, the kitchen with table and chairs, and the bathroom with bathtub. Perfect for single or couple ! A lot of green plants make the place colorfull and cosy. Please take care of them if you're there for a long stay! We leave some sp
28280	Idéal pour courts séjours à moindre coût pour 1 personne ou 1 couple, à 2 pas de la place des Vosges et du Marais. 	Charmante petite chambre indépendante (surface = 8 m2) tout proche Bastille et quartier du  Marais, immeuble Haussmanien, 5eme étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 4eme) équipée de TV, frigo, micro-ondes  1 évier, douche avec WC + lavabo dans la chambre. Idéale pour 1 personne mais peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes (un canapé lit 2 places 190cm x 140 cm) Idéal pour courts séjours à moindre coût pour 1 personne ou 1 couple, à 2 pas de la place des Vosges et du Marais. Nous habitons un appartement située à l'étage juste en dessous et serons à votre disposition pour vous accueillir et pour tout renseignement sur le quartier. La chambre est située boulevard Beaumarchais dans le 11eme arrondissement, le quartier est trés en vogue, à 2 pas du quartier historique du Marais et à moins de 10 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille et de la place des Vosges. Métro tout proche (150 mètre s de l'immeuble), station chemin vert, ligne 8. Plusieurs lignes de bus et possibilité de se garer dans la contre-all
28281	A 35m2 apartment , situated on a square in the heart of Paris , Peace for those who wish but also restaurants, typical Parisian cafés close to the Bastille and the Oberkampf street. very typical market of the Bastille located 8 minutes by foot. Shops , Parisian bakery , pastry 2 minutes . In the apartment , a seat convertible easily in bed 1 place comfortable , welcome your child or one of your friend (s) .	"Ideally located, close to LE MARAIS, Le PERE LACHAISE and OBERKAMPF area, you'll enjoy my sunny flat in a typical Parisian building. Lot of shops and restaurants around. 3 mn from Metro or buses. A 35m2 apartment , situated on a square in the heart of Paris , Peace for those who wish but also restaurants, typical Parisian cafés close to the Bastille and the Oberkampf street. very typical market of the Bastille located 8 minutes by foot. Shops , Parisian bakery , pastry 2 minutes . In the apartment , a seat convertible easily in bed 1 place comfortable , welcome your child or one of your friend (s) . The whole flat. Depending on the period , I will receive you , or w'll have conversations by mail or on the phone   and hospitality will be provided by a nice person and trust. I chose to live in this neighborhood there fifteen years , because I had a crush on the square and the quiet ambience . The neighborhood has embellished and it became "" fashionable "" , which is nice for a night out ."
28282	Je vous fournirai des draps et et des serviettes.	Ce studio calme (côté cour) de 22m2 se trouve dans un immeuble du XVIIè siècle, à 10mn de Bastille. Au 1er étage,il comprend une pièce principale, une kitchenette à part et une salle de bain.Le quartier est très vivant (commerces, restaurants, bars). Je vous fournirai des draps et et des serviettes. Accès à l'ensemble du studio. Je vous laisserai des informations pratiques et touristiques, le digicode et le code WI-FI. La rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine est l’un des plus vieux axes de Paris.  Il relie la place de la Bastille à la place de la Nation. Il tient son nom de l’ancienne abbaye Saint-Antoine qui se dressait à proximité jusqu’au XVIIIe siècle.En 1700, le faubourg comptait 500 menuisiers et 400 ébénistes.  Parmi les plus célèbres artisans du bois, qui donnèrent au Faubourg Saint-Antoine ses lettres d’or dans le monde entier aux 17e et 18e siècles, on peut citer Boulle ou Riesener. L'afflux des commandes de meubles, notamment de la part de la Cour, séduite par leur qualité et leur 
28283	"DEAR ENGLISH SPEAKING FRIENDS & POTENTIAL GUESTS, NICE, BRIGHT, SECURED & QUIET CHARMING CHARACTER STUDIO ON THE 2ND FLOOR (2 SMALL FLIGHTS OF STAIRS FROM GROUND FLOOR, SORRY NO ELEVATOR IN THIS OLD 19TH CENTURY BUILDING FROM NAPOLEON III TIME !) GIVING ON 2 PRIVATE GARDENS IN THE HEART OF PARIS (BASTILLE AREA, 11TH DISTRICT) AT ONLY 4 MINUTE WALK FROM 3 UNDERGROUND STATIONS (CHARONNE, VOLTAIRE & PHILIPPE AUGUSTE) AND 2 DIFFERENT METRO LINES (N° 9 & 2) CROSSING THE WHOLE PARIS FROM EAST TO WEST AND NORTH TO SOUTH AND LEADING TO THE MAIN TOURISTIC ATTRACTIONS OF THE CITY OF LIGHTS AND LOVE ! IDEALLY SITUATED IN PARIS FOR A COMFORTABLE, STRESSLESS & EASY-GOING STAY IN PARIS AND YOUR QUICK & FATIGUE-FREE DISCOVERY OF ITS MAIN TOURISTIC ATTRACTIONS  ! COME ENJOY THE AUTHENTIC ""VIE PARISIENNE"" (""PARISIAN LIFE"") AND THE ""TRUE PARIS"" IN OUR DISTRICT OF THE BASTILLE, VOLTAIRE & PERE LACHAISE AREA (11TH), IN THE EAST-CENTER OF PARIS ! CLEAN, CALM, COMFORTABLE ACCOMMODATION UP TO 4 PERSONS. WIFI"	"DEAR ENGLISH SPEAKING FRIENDS & POTENTIAL GUESTS, NICE, BRIGHT, SECURED & QUIET CHARMING CHARACTER STUDIO ON THE 2ND FLOOR (2 SMALL FLIGHTS OF STAIRS FROM GROUND FLOOR, SORRY NO ELEVATOR IN THIS OLD 19TH CENTURY BUILDING FROM NAPOLEON III TIME !) GIVING ON 2 PRIVATE GARDENS IN THE HEART OF PARIS (BASTILLE AREA, 11TH DISTRICT) AT ONLY 4 MINUTE WALK FROM 3 UNDERGROUND STATIONS (CHARONNE, VOLTAIRE & PHILIPPE AUGUSTE) AND 2 DIFFERENT METRO LINES (N° 9 & 2) CROSSING THE WHOLE PARIS FROM EAST TO WEST AND NORTH TO SOUTH AND LEADING TO THE MAIN TOURISTIC ATTRACTIONS OF THE CITY OF LIGHTS AND LOVE ! IDEALLY SITUATED IN PARIS FOR A COMFORTABLE, STRESSLESS & EASY-GOING STAY IN PARIS AND YOUR QUICK & FATIGUE-FREE DISCOVERY OF ITS MAIN TOURISTIC ATTRACTIONS  ! COME ENJOY THE AUTHENTIC ""VIE PARISIENNE"" (""PARISIAN LIFE"") AND THE ""TRUE PARIS"" IN OUR DISTRICT OF THE BASTILLE, VOLTAIRE & PERE LACHAISE AREA (11TH), IN THE EAST-CENTER OF PARIS ! CLEAN, CALM, COMFORTABLE ACCOMMODATION UP TO 4 PERSONS. WIFI"
28284	Central apartment Paris 11th 90m ² for 7/8 people. Paris 11ème - Nation. Nation neighborhood conveniently located apartment of 90 m2 standing on the 9th and last floor for 7/8 people :  large living room, kitchen and large balcony with beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris.  Quiet and bright. 1 big living-room, 3 bedrooms,  1 bathrooms, 1 toilet, dressing. Parking. Guardian. Bedding: 1 double bed, and 5 single beds, a total of 7 beds (+1 extra bed). Equipment: TV, Hi-Fi, wi-fi, washing machine, dryer and dishwasher. Great appartment, very well located, an area full of restaurants, markets, and bars of all kinds and for all tastes. Well served : 4 Metro stations and RER A Disneyland linking the business district La Défense. Easy access to the Père Lachaise cemetery, and the center of Paris is connected in less than 10 minutes by public transport. For attractions, everything is easy to access : - Cemetery Père Lachaise (by walk) - Vincennes Castel (5 min by metro) - Bastille (5 min b	Central apartment Paris 11th 90m ² for 7/8 people. Paris 11ème - Nation. Nation neighborhood conveniently located apartment of 90 m2 standing on the 9th and last floor for 7/8 people :  large living room, kitchen and large balcony with beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris.  Quiet and bright. 1 big living-room, 3 bedrooms,  1 bathrooms, 1 toilet, dressing. Parking. Guardian. Bedding: 1 double bed, and 5 single beds, a total of 7 beds (+1 extra bed). Equipment: TV, Hi-Fi, wi-fi, washing machine, dryer and dishwasher. Great appartment, very well located, an area full of restaurants, markets, and bars of all kinds and for all tastes. Well served : 4 Metro stations and RER A Disneyland linking the business district La Défense. Easy access to the Père Lachaise cemetery, and the center of Paris is connected in less than 10 minutes by public transport. For attractions, everything is easy to access : - Cemetery Père Lachaise (by walk) - Vincennes Castel (5 min by metro) - Bastille (5 min b
28285		Located on the 2nd floor, the apartment is entirely equipped & furnished:  • the living room has a top quality sofa that pulls out to sleep 1 extra person if needed  • the kitchen is fully equipped with stove top, a microwave, a fridge and freezer, a coffee maker, and all the kitchen cookware and tableware  • the bedroom has a new double bed and a cupboard.  • sheets and towels are provided • wireless internet • entry code I will be happy to welcome you home and even happier to help if you have any question. Please do not hesitate to ask Come and stay in our apartment, ideally located in the XII arrondissement of Paris. Lively and cosmopolitan, the area offers many tourist attractions (Place de la Bastille, Nation, la  Promenade Plantée, le Parc de Bercy, le Bois de Vincennes, etc. The neighbourhood also has everything you need in the way of shops: baker, ‘brasserie’, bars, ‘épicerie’, supermarket, market, laundry, pharmacy. You will also find bars and restaurants between Nation, Reuil
28286	Entirely renovated and newly furnished flat. Fully equipped as if it was your own home..  15 days maximum stay.	In the very heart of Paris, let me offer your stay close to all amenities in the neighborhood. The apartment has entirely been renovated with taste and includes every possible comfortable amenities. Entirely renovated and newly furnished flat. Fully equipped as if it was your own home..  15 days maximum stay. The apartment is for the exclusive use of travelers. Exchanges by email or phone. A member of my family or myself are always there to welcome travelers to the  give the keys and explain how things work !.
28287	How to enjoy the Parisian life?  Staying in this beautiful studio 25m2 completely refurbished and offering a real living space. On the first floor, you will enjoy total comfort with its dining area, lounge area and a sofa bed providing a very comfortable sleep in a real double size bed.  Overlooking the street, the light is entering the apartment all day long providing a real brightness. The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine and dryer, refrigerator, combined oven microwave) and has all necessary dishes and utilities to make yourself a real french diner. The bathroom will fresh you up every morning. It offers toilet, a large shower and washbasin.  On the Hifi side, television with cable channels, a docking system Ipod/Iphone/mp3 and wifi are at your disposal.  All house and bath linens are provided during your stay. Finally you will be at the heart of one of the liveliest districts of Paris, ideal place to experience the atmosphere of Paris, restaurants, bars and exciting life.	How to enjoy the Parisian life?  Staying in this beautiful studio 25m2 completely refurbished and offering a real living space. On the first floor, you will enjoy total comfort with its dining area, lounge area and a sofa bed providing a very comfortable sleep in a real double size bed.  Overlooking the street, the light is entering the apartment all day long providing a real brightness. The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine and dryer, refrigerator, combined oven microwave) and has all necessary dishes and utilities to make yourself a real french diner. The bathroom will fresh you up every morning. It offers toilet, a large shower and washbasin.  On the Hifi side, television with cable channels, a docking system Ipod/Iphone/mp3 and wifi are at your disposal.  All house and bath linens are provided during your stay. Finally you will be at the heart of one of the liveliest districts of Paris, ideal place to experience the atmosphere of Paris, restaurants, bars and exciting life.
28288	Beautiful penthouse (50m2), double exposure, large living room, with in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Near many subway. Quiet, on the 7th floor. Enjoy its brightness and its terrace (25m2).	Beautiful penthouse (50m2), double exposure, large living room, with in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Near many subway. Quiet, on the 7th floor. Enjoy its brightness and its terrace (25m2). Place de la Bastille: 10 mintes à pied Cimetière du Père Lachaise: 5 minutes à pied Les Marais: 10 minutes à pied Le Louvre: 15 minutes de bus directe La Tour Eiffel: 15 minutes de métro directe Les Champs-Elysées: 12 minutes de métro directe Disponible pour accueillir et renseigner les locataires le mieux possible Metro Voltaire ligne 9, borne de taxis, et plusieurs lignes de bus à 500m sur la place Léon Blum Un chat partage cet appartement avec moi, et me suis quand je laisse l'appartement.
28289		Petit 2 pièces de 21m2 à louer dans le 11ème à Paris. Métro Voltaire. La cuisine est fonctionnelle. Les toilettes et la salle de bain sont séparés. Pas de nuisance sonore la nuit, on y dort paisiblement.
28290	The flat is 40m², located at the 4th floor,  bright, clean, and quiet. Entrance is rue Boulle, the room windows (double glazing) allow a lovely view on rue Bréguet.  The flat contains an entry, a bath-room, a separated WC , the living-room and the kitchen are a single and convivial room. The two rooms ares à the two extremities of the flat (hence quiet !). The room to rent is furbished with a convertible bed with a comfy mattress which can host two persons, their are tidying spaces.  WIFI is available in the whole flat, NO TV,  Possibility to smoke at the window. 	    a 12m² room to rent in a 40m2 flat nearby Bastille. The whole flat is 2 rooms, kitchen/living-room, bathroom, WC.     The flat is 40m², located at the 4th floor,  bright, clean, and quiet. Entrance is rue Boulle, the room windows (double glazing) allow a lovely view on rue Bréguet.  The flat contains an entry, a bath-room, a separated WC , the living-room and the kitchen are a single and convivial room. The two rooms ares à the two extremities of the flat (hence quiet !). The room to rent is furbished with a convertible bed with a comfy mattress which can host two persons, their are tidying spaces.  WIFI is available in the whole flat, NO TV,  Possibility to smoke at the window.  WC, Bath-room, Living-room/Kitchen I'm sociable and independent guy.  I will be more than happy to recommend you some touristic or cultural places to visit, or shops, according to your  wishes and main interests. I don't live in a routine and repetitive way, my days are in general quite varied.  I often go
28291	studio cosy ,bien agencé ,cuisine équipée ,plaque électrique ,four ,machine à café,four micro onde ,canapé lit avec un vrai matelas confortable ,connexion internet à haut débit avec wifi .	superbe studio dans le 11eme dans un immeuble pierre de taille au premier étage avec ascenseur, bien agencé, cuisine aménagée, douche et toilettes, internet à haut débit. situé a 5min à pied de la bastille, à 2 minutes de la station de métro et bus. studio cosy ,bien agencé ,cuisine équipée ,plaque électrique ,four ,machine à café,four micro onde ,canapé lit avec un vrai matelas confortable ,connexion internet à haut débit avec wifi . logement entier  , capacité 2 personnes ,possibilité d'un matelas supplémentaire pour un enfant studio situé dans un quartier dynamique à mi-chemin entre bastille ,gare de Lyon .restaurants,commerces à proximité  . situé pas loin d'une station de métro ,et la gare de Lyon est à 10 minutes à pied .
28292	Friendly appartement with everything you can need to spend a really good time in Paris.	"Typical appartement close to Bastille with a large bed for two people and a sofa. Quiet neighboorhood, perfect to spend a good night before discovering the city.  The full equiped kitchen is wainting for you to try to cook typical frnech meals!! Friendly appartement with everything you can need to spend a really good time in Paris. All the appartement is for your confort. There is an elevator and a safe entry with keys I'm am really flexible fot the check in and check out.  Just ask me! Many typical bars and restaurants, you can discover the french culture and the diversity who makes France :) Next to Bastille, historique place of Paris and many other monuments. everything close to the flat (bus, subway, train...) You can also use the free use bike "" vélib"", there is a station very close. But walking to the center is for me the best way to discover Paris :)"
28293	A lovely and cosy apartment in the 11th district with modern appliances, safe and quiet building in a very trendy area. A traditional parisian market at 5 minutes walk and 10 minutes walk to Bastille and Le Marais. ( Place des Vosges) My apartment is all equipped for a good comfort : large and very comfortable bed in spacious bedroom, speed wifi, nespresso machine ... in a very quiet building. The neighborough is very safe. My apartment is located in a very trendy area at Bastille and very close to Le Marais. Many accomodities around : supermarket, post office, atm, bakery, opera, bakeries, trendy bars and restaurants. Subway : Richard Lenoir ( line 5) , Saint Ambroise (line 9) Bus line : 69	A lovely and cosy apartment in the 11th district with modern appliances, safe and quiet building in a very trendy area. A traditional parisian market at 5 minutes walk and 10 minutes walk to Bastille and Le Marais. ( Place des Vosges) A lovely and cosy apartment in the 11th district with modern appliances, safe and quiet building in a very trendy area. A traditional parisian market at 5 minutes walk and 10 minutes walk to Bastille and Le Marais. ( Place des Vosges) My apartment is all equipped for a good comfort : large and very comfortable bed in spacious bedroom, speed wifi, nespresso machine ... in a very quiet building. The neighborough is very safe. My apartment is located in a very trendy area at Bastille and very close to Le Marais. Many accomodities around : supermarket, post office, atm, bakery, opera, bakeries, trendy bars and restaurants. Subway : Richard Lenoir ( line 5) , Saint Ambroise (line 9) Bus line : 69 A traditional parisian market at 5 minutes walk and 10 minutes w
28294	Nice Furnished apartment all inclusive , wifi , land line calls to more than 100 countries. 30m2 , best for 2 guests and 1 extra sofa bed for 3rd one. 	furnished apartment in nice 11 arrondissement , less than 5 min walking distance to the closest metro station Nice Furnished apartment all inclusive , wifi , land line calls to more than 100 countries. 30m2 , best for 2 guests and 1 extra sofa bed for 3rd one. washing mashine, dryer , hair dryer, tv and cable tv, welcome to paris , i can show you around to let you feel more confortable with the neighborhood. Small local markets around you , like fromager , boucher , wine store , and supermarket.   Nice to visit : the famous Père lachaise cimetery. Metro stations around : line 9, 3, 2 You can Park your car all around the area Direct bus from the airport :350
28295		Situé idéalement au coeur du 11ème arrondissement entre Bastille et Oberkampf, ce studio calme offre une vue dégagée et un accès rapide à toutes les commodités.  Bastille, Republique, Canal Saint Martin, Bars et Commerces
28296	Appartement très lumineux, quartier agréable (nombreux restaurants/bars et commerces),Appartement typique parisien :vieux parquet, cheminée décorative, Balcon vue sur les toits de paris et la tour Eiffel . 	Appartement de 60 m² très lumineux dans le centre de Paris 11ème. A 8 min à pied de Bastille, Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Vous bénéficiez d'une vue sur la tour Eiffel, notre dame de paris, tour Montparnasse... Appartement très lumineux, quartier agréable (nombreux restaurants/bars et commerces),Appartement typique parisien :vieux parquet, cheminée décorative, Balcon vue sur les toits de paris et la tour Eiffel . Nous pourrons vous guider sur les bonnes adresses Restaurants /Bars lieux à visiter. Très agréable, de nombreux commerces (Boulangerie, boucherie, supermarché en bas de l'immeuble Métro : lignes 9 à 2min à pied, lignes 1, 5, 8 à 8 min à pied,  Bus:  10min en bus de Gare de Lyon.
28297	Entirely designed by a rising artist from Paris, this apartment has a unique look you will definitely not find anywhere else !	Nice flat (40m²) designed in an Urban Art Style fully equipped and located in the heart of a very hype district (between Nation and Bastille). Lot to see by walking distance! Subway (>2min), restaurants and bars everywhere but very calm street :) Entirely designed by a rising artist from Paris, this apartment has a unique look you will definitely not find anywhere else ! Internet on a desktop computer, WiFi high speed, 3D TV with movies, Xbox 360 with games, a French SIM card to call and send SMS, a map of the subway and personalized map with stuff to do in the neighborhood, fresh towels & blankets, etc. 24/7 availability, phone or email.
28298	This large Parisian one bedroom loft is havenly located in the very heart of historical Paris, half a block from the famous place de la Bastille and minutes from beloved Place des Vosges and trendy Marais.  Pass a large beautiful eighteen century planted cobblestoned courtyard, climb 3 easy flights of stairs of a quaint secure and quiet building (3rd french floor) and you are home: a chic, vast, airy and sunny loft, lovingly decorated with high end XXth century furniture, so quiet you will not believe you are in the middle of it all, with trendy bars and restaurants right at your feet. With 5 large windows looking out south onto the sky, high ceilings and hardwood floors, this property boasts comfortable 65 square meters – 700 sqf - and can accomodate up to 4 guests.  The master bedroom is equiped with a queen size thick high quality mattress, while the living room is fitted with 2 elegant deluxe day beds (they can be joined) and a twin pull out couch.  The pristine bathroom, accessibl	Nestled on a quaint courtyard, this pristine vast one bedroom loft, quiet light and airy, XXth century furnished is steps from Place de la Bastille and Le Marais, a strategic premium location. It can host comfortably up to 4 guests in style. Welcome! This large Parisian one bedroom loft is havenly located in the very heart of historical Paris, half a block from the famous place de la Bastille and minutes from beloved Place des Vosges and trendy Marais.  Pass a large beautiful eighteen century planted cobblestoned courtyard, climb 3 easy flights of stairs of a quaint secure and quiet building (3rd french floor) and you are home: a chic, vast, airy and sunny loft, lovingly decorated with high end XXth century furniture, so quiet you will not believe you are in the middle of it all, with trendy bars and restaurants right at your feet. With 5 large windows looking out south onto the sky, high ceilings and hardwood floors, this property boasts comfortable 65 square meters – 700 sqf - and ca
28299	Le studio est situé au 6ème étage d'un bâtiment typique parisien. Il est très lumineux et calme.	Studio de 35m2 très agréable à vivre, dans le 11ème arrondissement. Très calme car il donne sur une cours d'un immeuble typique parisien. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes.  En 5 minutes on peut accéder aux lignes 1, 2, 6, 9 et le RER A. Le studio est situé au 6ème étage d'un bâtiment typique parisien. Il est très lumineux et calme. Vous pouvez utiliser une partie du réfrigérateur pour vos denrées périssables et utiliser la cuisine pour la préparation de vos sandwiches. De l'eau glacée ou bouillante est à votre disposition en permanence ainsi que du thé/café soluble. Nous répondrons toutes vos questions. Le 11ème arrondissement à Paris, est très vivante, vous pourriez trouver tout sorte des restaurants, bar et commerces tout près. Le studio est très bien situé au niveau des transports communs car l'arrêt Nation qui se trouve à 5 min à pied, compte avec 4 lignes de métro (1, 2, 6 et 9) en plus du RER A.
28300		First floor apartment in nation, close to all the main places to visit in Paris with line 1.  Near supermarkets and Bars - 2 double beds, kitchen and living room. - FREE WIFI - Close to nice parks, Chateau de Vincennes and nice areas like Bastille
28301	"In a typical parisian building, this apartment offers all the modern comfort you will be needing in what I believe is the best Parisian ""arrondissement"". The large living room with a fully equipped american kitchen (oven, micro-wave, dish washer, Nespresso machine...) and wooden bar will be the perfect place to enjoy a glass of french wine and a cheese board. The bedroom has a king size bed and offers a lovely view above the parisian roofs. It also has a small desk with a computer and an internet access. The bathroom is modern, clean and equipped with a large shower and a washing machine. The sofa can be turned into a REAL comfortable bed with a REAL mattress for 2. As for the neighborhood you will find the best Paris has to offer in walking distance. Just across the street, the marché d'Aligre (open 6 days a week) is one of Paris greatest places to buy food and you will also find plenty of shops, cafés, bars, pubs and great restaurants offering all types of food and beverage for every"	"In a typical parisian building, this apartment offers all the modern comfort you will be needing in what I believe is the best Parisian ""arrondissement"". The large living room with a fully equipped american kitchen (oven, micro-wave, dish washer, Nespresso machine...) and wooden bar will be the perfect place to enjoy a glass of french wine and a cheese board. The bedroom has a king size bed and offers a lovely view above the parisian roofs. It also has a small desk with a computer and an internet access. The bathroom is modern, clean and equipped with a large shower and a washing machine. The sofa can be turned into a REAL comfortable bed with a REAL mattress for 2. As for the neighborhood you will find the best Paris has to offer in walking distance. Just across the street, the marché d'Aligre (open 6 days a week) is one of Paris greatest places to buy food and you will also find plenty of shops, cafés, bars, pubs and great restaurants offering all types of food and beverage for every"
28302	"Studio de charme aménagé par un architecte, poutre apparente, porte coulissante ""japonaise"", ce studio peut rapidement être transformé en un deux pièces si vous souhaitez disposer d'une chambre clairement séparée de l'espace salle-à-manger/cuisine. Rue très calme. Lovely studio made by an architect with a ""Japanese"" door you can use to make the studio a two bedroom apartment. Very quiet street."	"Ce studio aménagé par un architecte est idéal pour un couple souhaitant visiter Paris. A moins de 10 minutes à pied de Bastille, dans un quartier jeune et vivant, vous pourrez partir en excursion dans Paris grâce aux nombreux bus, métros (Ligne 9 Voltaire) voire vélib/Autolib pour les plus aventureux. Rue très calme mais à proximité de commerces, restaurants et de nombreux quartiers vivants et/ou touristiques : cimetière du Père-lachaise (5 min), Canal Saint-Martin (10 min), Oberkampf (5 min). Studio de charme aménagé par un architecte, poutre apparente, porte coulissante ""japonaise"", ce studio peut rapidement être transformé en un deux pièces si vous souhaitez disposer d'une chambre clairement séparée de l'espace salle-à-manger/cuisine. Rue très calme. Lovely studio made by an architect with a ""Japanese"" door you can use to make the studio a two bedroom apartment. Very quiet street. Je serai en voyage au Canada sur cette période mais resterons disponibles par l'application Airbnb, des"
28303		Charmant appartement de 40m2 avec balcon, très lumineux, quartier très animé plein de restaurants délicieux! Lovely flat In a woderfull area close to all comodities with a large balcony, luminous
28304	In a Haussmann building, typically representative of Parisian architecture. Beautiful two very functional rooms with a courtyard view, perfect for a couple, can fit four people. Fitted kitchen, cozy room, bathroom, welcoming living room and separate WC.	Beautiful two very functional rooms with a courtyard view, perfect for a couple, can fit four people. Fitted kitchen, cozy room, bathroom, welcoming living room and separate WC.  In a Haussmann building, typically representative of Parisian architecture. Beautiful two very functional rooms with a courtyard view, perfect for a couple, can fit four people. Fitted kitchen, cozy room, bathroom, welcoming living room and separate WC. Access to basic products : shampoo, shower gel, cotton, coffee, chocolate powder, WiFi, linens (towels, sheets, ...) Available by email and phone as needed for any questions.
28305		Brend new apartment, fully renovated in May 2014. You are nicely located in the heart of the designer area in le Marais. Extremely luminous and comfortable, a charming place to discover Paris.  Fully equipped kitchen. Ideal for families.
28306	Studio, 30 square meters (roughly 300 square feet). Situated on the 6th floor, with elevator, balcony with lots of flowers, a table and small rattan couch. Small well equipped kitchen. New couch (April 2013) that pulls out into a comfortable double bed. Bathroom (bathtub and shower) and separate toilet. Residential street, 15 minutes walk from the Bastille to the west and 10 minutes from Place de la Nation to the east. Close to three metro lines (1, 8 and 9), plenty of buses and a bicycle rental (Velib') on the corner.  My small street is residential but the immediate area has great restaurants and food shopping. Breakfast & cooking staples in the cupboard. The large sunny windows have shutters that roll down for privacy in the evening. Wifi, if you bring your own laptop. No cleaning fees or other hidden costs. But please leave it as you found it. 100 euro deposit for loss of key or breakage. 	Studio, 30 square meters (roughly 300 square feet). Situated on the 6th floor, with elevator, balcony with lots of flowers, a table and small rattan couch. Small well equipped kitchen. New couch (April 2013) that pulls out into a comfortable double bed. Bathroom (bathtub and shower) and separate toilet. Residential street, 15 minutes walk from the Bastille to the west and 10 minutes from Place de la Nation to the east. Close to three metro lines (1, 8 and 9), plenty of buses and a bicycle rental (Velib') on the corner.  My small street is residential but the immediate area has great restaurants and food shopping. Breakfast & cooking staples in the cupboard. The large sunny windows have shutters that roll down for privacy in the evening. Wifi, if you bring your own laptop. No cleaning fees or other hidden costs. But please leave it as you found it. 100 euro deposit for loss of key or breakage. 
28307		Located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, very nice apartment. 2 bedrooms with double beds. A spacious living room with 2 sofas and a big diner table. Well equiped kitchen with dish washer. Small bathroom with shower. 5th floor without lift.
28308	Nice and bright apartment (35m2) near the Père Lachaise cemetery. The appartment is on the 1st floor with an elevator in a quiet building. The apartment is located in the 11th arrondissement, near the Père Lachaise Cemetery, located at 15 minutes walking from Ménilmontant, 10 minutes from the Voltaire place and 20 minutes from Bastille. Shopping district (supermarket, bakery, grocery store, butcher shop, wine cellar, post office), cafe, bar and restaurant nearby. There is a bedroom and a living room with convertible sofa. Kitchen offers all necessary appliances : stove (ceramic plates), fridge with a small freezer, microwave, oven and toaster. You can see the sun rise in the living room and sleep in the room. The living room offers a TV with a lot of tv channel, a dvd player and an Iphone / Ipod player. The bedroom is quiet and has a 2 persons bed and the bathroom has a bathtub and a hairdryer. You will also be able to enjoy dinner on the balcony. Wifi available in all the apartment. L	Nice and bright apartment (35m2) near the Père Lachaise cemetery. The appartment is on the 1st floor with an elevator in a quiet building. Nice and bright apartment (35m2) near the Père Lachaise cemetery. The appartment is on the 1st floor with an elevator in a quiet building. The apartment is located in the 11th arrondissement, near the Père Lachaise Cemetery, located at 15 minutes walking from Ménilmontant, 10 minutes from the Voltaire place and 20 minutes from Bastille. Shopping district (supermarket, bakery, grocery store, butcher shop, wine cellar, post office), cafe, bar and restaurant nearby. There is a bedroom and a living room with convertible sofa. Kitchen offers all necessary appliances : stove (ceramic plates), fridge with a small freezer, microwave, oven and toaster. You can see the sun rise in the living room and sleep in the room. The living room offers a TV with a lot of tv channel, a dvd player and an Iphone / Ipod player. The bedroom is quiet and has a 2 persons bed a
28309		A beautiful and calm 25m2 apartment located in the center of Paris, 5min from Bastille.  From here you can go anywhere in Paris in 30min. It's next to a local market, and there are a lot of pubs, cafés and restaurants around. 2 nights minimum
28310	The apartment measures 25m2 and consists of a living room, fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. The double bed is very comfortable and very good + a folding bed for a third person. You will have a TV in the room, WiFi access throughout the apartment and a shelf to store your belongings, I provide sheets for bedding and towels. The kitchen is fully equipped with cooker, fridge, cooking utensils and machine café.Cet apartment is ideal for a stay parisien.Le Philippe Auguste metro (line 2) is 50 meters and all amenities are at the foot of building with a bakery, a supermarket. With line 2 you will be 15 minutes at the Montparnasse train station and 10 minutes on the most prestigious avenue in the world: the Champs Elysees, I'll be there to advise you and give you all the tips and best addresses. I give you the documentation, a map of Paris and the metro for getting around. In addition, I am a chef and I suggest you prepare a lunch or a typical French dinner !!  See you soon!	The apartment measures 25m2 and consists of a living room, fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. The double bed is very comfortable and very good + a folding bed for a third person. You will have a TV in the room, WiFi access throughout the apartment and a shelf to store your belongings, I provide sheets for bedding and towels. The kitchen is fully equipped with cooker, fridge, cooking utensils and machine café.Cet apartment is ideal for a stay parisien.Le Philippe Auguste metro (line 2) is 50 meters and all amenities are at the foot of building with a bakery, a supermarket. With line 2 you will be 15 minutes at the Montparnasse train station and 10 minutes on the most prestigious avenue in the world: the Champs Elysees, I'll be there to advise you and give you all the tips and best addresses. I give you the documentation, a map of Paris and the metro for getting around. In addition, I am a chef and I suggest you prepare a lunch or a typical French dinner !!  See you soon!
28311	Studio très récent (moins de 2 ans) de 25 m² dans un immeuble d'excellent standing et labellisé BBC. Appartement au 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Très lumineux avec ses deux grandes fenêtres. Joliment meublé et fonctionnel. Véritable havre de paix. Il est composé d'une pièce principale sur parquet en chêne massif, d'une cuisine équipée séparée et d'une salle de bain spacieuse avec son petit coin buanderie. Sont mis à disposition du locataire les meubles et équipements suivants : un lit double espace loggia (escamotable au plafond), une cuisine équipée (plaques, hotte, four à chaleur tournante encastré, réfrigérateur), une machine à laver séchante, de nombreux rangements (penderie bâtie, grand placard, tiroirs dans la banquette etc.).  Parmi les commodités de la résidence vous pourrez bénéficier :  - de l'accès au local vélo  - d'une place de parking voiture (+ espace pour moto/scooter) directement desservie par l'ascenseur  - du chauffage collectif  - d'une excellente isolation phonique (	Studio neuf, lumineux, très agréable. Entièrement équipé, complètement insonorisé. Proche de toutes commodités, dans quartier central et animé. Vue dégagée, cuisine séparée, lit coulissant au plafond pour un grand espace dans le salon, grande sdb. Studio très récent (moins de 2 ans) de 25 m² dans un immeuble d'excellent standing et labellisé BBC. Appartement au 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Très lumineux avec ses deux grandes fenêtres. Joliment meublé et fonctionnel. Véritable havre de paix. Il est composé d'une pièce principale sur parquet en chêne massif, d'une cuisine équipée séparée et d'une salle de bain spacieuse avec son petit coin buanderie. Sont mis à disposition du locataire les meubles et équipements suivants : un lit double espace loggia (escamotable au plafond), une cuisine équipée (plaques, hotte, four à chaleur tournante encastré, réfrigérateur), une machine à laver séchante, de nombreux rangements (penderie bâtie, grand placard, tiroirs dans la banquette etc.).  Parmi les 
28312	Cozy flat near Père Lachaise, one big bedroom with a double bed, one living room with a sofa that changes into a double bed. Huge bathroom with bath and shower. Kitchen with fridge, micro-wave, oven, stoves. The flat is at metro station Philippe Auguste. You'll find shops, supermarkets, bars and restaurants in the streets around. The neighbourhood is very quiet at night and only 10-15 minutes walking from nightlife (Bastille, Oberkampf). Located just one block from Père Lachaise, Jim Morrison's ultimate residency. Wireless internet, computer, cable TV, free international landline phone calls.	Cozy flat near Père Lachaise, one big bedroom with a double bed, one living room with a sofa that changes into a double bed. Huge bathroom with bath and shower. Kitchen with fridge, micro-wave, oven, stoves. The flat is at metro station Philippe Auguste. You'll find shops, supermarkets, bars and restaurants in the streets around. The neighbourhood is very quiet at night and only 10-15 minutes walking from nightlife (Bastille, Oberkampf). Located just one block from Père Lachaise, Jim Morrison's ultimate residency. Wireless internet, computer, cable TV, free international landline phone calls.
28313	My CAT and I offer you a bright, quiet room which is safe, secure and exceptionally located near the Bastille district where I receive couples and females only. - WIFI connection  - Central heating  - Lift in the building (the apartment is on the 7th floor)  - Concierge for the building with door code The apartment is well located in the Bastille area, walking distance from République, Oberkampf and Place de Vosges, which are attractive lively neighbourhoods, with a great nightlife. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities are just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, post office, banks etc.  Great transport service, with three metro lines (5, 8 , 9) and bus 69, connecting you to many places in Paris. Areas such as; Champs-Élysées, Trocadéro, Opéra shopping district,  Place de la Concorde, Hotel the Ville, the Louvre, Centre George Pompidou, the trendy Marais district, Rive Gauche district, Place de la 	* I only host women or couples My CAT and I offer you a bright, quiet room which is safe, secure and exceptionally located near the Bastille district where I receive couples and females only. - WIFI connection  - Central heating  - Lift in the building (the apartment is on the 7th floor)  - Concierge for the building with door code The apartment is well located in the Bastille area, walking distance from République, Oberkampf and Place de Vosges, which are attractive lively neighbourhoods, with a great nightlife. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities are just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, post office, banks etc.  Great transport service, with three metro lines (5, 8 , 9) and bus 69, connecting you to many places in Paris. Areas such as; Champs-Élysées, Trocadéro, Opéra shopping district,  Place de la Concorde, Hotel the Ville, the Louvre, Centre George Pompidou, the trendy Marais district, Riv
28314		Quartier pere lachaise proche bastille . notre quartier est tres calme avec pleins de petit restaurant et bar sympa . Notre appartement est bien agencée avec salle de bain ( baignoire ) tout le logement 3 metros . Ligne 2.3et 9 plusieurs station de bus et station de velib
28315	We welcome you in our charming apartment in Paris.  Very nice location ideal to explore the city and live a parisian experience.  You will enjoy your stay in this lively area with many options to discover and embrace the city	We welcome you in our charming apartment in Paris.  Very nice location ideal to explore the city and live a parisian experience.  You will enjoy your stay in this lively area with many options to discover and embrace the city The apartment is professionally cleaned at each check-out with fresh bed linen and towels. Also you will find baby accessories and toys. All amenities, Wifi, overhead TV, PS 3, washing maching, hair dryer, a bath. For sleeping : 1 confortable bed king size,  1 large single bed,  1 baby bed. And in option : 1 confortable sofa bed 2 places. I am always available to help or provide any information. I can be reach during the day either through email, text or phone. Check in : 2 pm Check out : 12 pm We have very nice neighbours. Pedestrian market street with typical shops, cafes and restaurants. Eveything you need is there. Shorter distance to many of the tourist attractions as well as easy access to the subway, line 3 and 2 and bus stops, line 61 and 69, to reach any 
28316	Un lit de 140x200 dans la chambre et un lit rabattable de 90x200 dans le living. WC  indépendant. Cuisine équipée. Lave linge et lave vaisselle. ADSL et TV.	Deux pièces, au 6éme étage avec ascenseur, orientées sud et est, balcons. Appartement très lumineux et calme. Métro à 150m. Un lit de 140x200 dans la chambre et un lit rabattable de 90x200 dans le living. WC  indépendant. Cuisine équipée. Lave linge et lave vaisselle. ADSL et TV. L'intégralité du logement est accessible. Proche Père Lachaise et rue Oberkampf. Le Paris populaire et authentique. Ligne métro M3 à 150m, M2 à 250m, M9 à 400m C'est mon propre logement de travail hors vacances. Location d'une durée minimale d'une semaine.
28317	Havre de paix au coeur de l'authentique esprit des petites cours du onzième... Des livres, internet, enceintes pour ordinateur, mais pas de télévision. Idéalement situé pour sillonner tout Paris en métro, en bus, faire des achats gastronomiques ou mode, sortir pour avoir le plaisir de rentrer. Idéal pour un couple. Un canapé-lit peut servir de couchage deux places.	"Havre de paix au coeur de l'authentique esprit des petites cours du onzième... Des livres, internet, enceintes pour ordinateur, mais pas de télévision. Idéalement situé pour sillonner tout Paris en métro, en bus, faire des achats gastronomiques ou mode, sortir pour avoir le plaisir de rentrer. Idéal pour un couple. Un canapé-lit peut servir de couchage deux places. Les lits sont préparés et le linge de maison mis à disposition. Deux placards à vêtements, deux petits meubles de rangement ""autre"", vaisselle, produits de base culinaires, entretiens et toilette... Séchoir à cheveux, fer à repasser :bref comme ""à la maison"". Je réponds à toutes les questions que les voyageurs veulent poser... Quartier vivant mais pas trop, chic mais pas trop, calme mais pas trop, bobo mais pas trop, familiale mais pas trop... Très bons commerçants et restaurants; à deux pas du Faubourg St Antoine, de plusieurs marchés, du Printemps nation, du bois de Vincennes, Cinéma, direct aux musées etc...  Plusieurs li"
28318		50m2, big living room, equipped kitchen, wood floor, quiet neighbourhood, close to animated area (canal saint-martin, oberkampf, République, Bastille), accessible by general transport system 
28319		Un grand appartement tout confort au centre de Paris. Entièrement équipé. Fonctionnel. Avec ascenseur. Très lumineux !
28320	This flat is at the heart of Paris with all the Equipment you need for a nice stay	This 35 sq.m. flat on Rue du Chemin vert is 5mn walk from Bastille/Le Marais/Place des Vosges. Cute, Cosy and Sunny flat with living room+ new designed kitchen. Located in the heart of the 11th arrondissement, near all bars, pubs and exciting places! This flat is at the heart of Paris with all the Equipment you need for a nice stay You can use all the rooms Inside the flat (kitchen, bathroom and one bedroom) The flat is between many neighborhoods, you can reach by walk to Bastille, Le Marais, République.  Good atmosphere in the neighborhood but the street is quite quiet. Many metro accesses: Saint Ambroise (ligne 9); Bastille (ligne 5, 8, 9, 1); Breguet Sabin (ligne 5); Chemin vert (ligne 8) You also have buses accesses (69 just down the flat, bus 20, 29, 65) There is a code at the entry of the building / courtyard Inside the building
28321	Très lumineux (grandes baies vitrées) Très calme: dans une impasse  Avec une cour intérieure équipée (possibilité de prendre des repas) et un vélo ... Très bien placé : central	"Spacious and bright Loft of 50m2 on two floors in very good condition & very quiet.  Living room overlooking courtyard, kitchen, large bedroom upstairs, 2 dressings, bath, separate toilet. Central, close to Bastille, ""Marais"" and Père Lachaise. Private courtyard Trendy, quiet and safe area close to Bastille, Republique, Oberkampf for dining and night life ...  With all commodities : supermarkets, grocery market, cheese, bakery, pharmacy, restaurants...  Very close to the public transport ( metro and bus) Transports Métro : Père Lachaise ( Line 2 and 3) Voltaire (line 9) 5 minutes walk from the apartment  Bus : 61 and 69  3 minutes walk from the apartment From Charles de Gaulle Airport  * Taxi / car : take A3 direction Paris, exit at Porte de Bagnolet, then direction Gambetta and Père Lachaise. (Around 30 min with a fluent traffic)  * Public Transport : RER B to Gare du Nord . At Gare du Nord, take the subway Line 2 direction Nation then Pere Lachaise... Around 45/60 minutes with the ch"
28322	Apartment at the 4th floor with elevator, really sunny and quiet, near Marais and Bastille area, close to supermarket, bakery and metro.	    Apartment of 30m2, very cozy and bright, an entrance with large dressing room, a bathroom with bath, toilet, washing machine, a kitchen area with dishwasher, Sony LCD TV with international channels, free Wi-Fi, brand new bed.             Apartment at the 4th floor with elevator, really sunny and quiet, near Marais and Bastille area, close to supermarket, bakery and metro. The equipment : - dishwasher with detergent - washing machine with detergent - micro wave oven - Free coffee with Nespresso Machine  - Free tea - towels - bed-linen - flat TV Sony with international channels - Free wi-fi - hair dryer - umbrella - soap and shampoo  It will be a pleasure for me, to help my guests to organize their journey. You could find at the apartment a map of the metro and the marais area. The apartment is between place de la République and Bastille (metro line 1 direct to Louvres - champs Elysee - Arc de Triomphe), just near of Marais area and Place des Vosges. Metro line 5 : in front of the ap
28323	Vue dégagé sur un grand jardin (personne n'y a accès donc aucuns vis à vis) qui ne fait qu'agrandir l'appartement et apporte beaucoup de luminosité.  C'est très agréable ! 	Studio situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le 11ème arrondissement, entièrement équipé.  Vue dégagé sur un grand jardin (personne n'y a accès donc aucuns vis à vis) qui ne fait qu'agrandir l'appartement et apporte beaucoup de luminosité.  C'est très agréable ! Le quartier est très bien desservi. Une fois sorti de l'appartement, vous avez accès à deux stations de métro, une sur la ligne 5 (Richard Lenoir), l'autre sur la ligne 9 (Saint Ambroise). De plus vous avez la possibilité de tout faire à pieds, vous êtes à 10 minutes de marche de République, 5 du marais, 5 de Bastille. Vous avez deux grands supermarchés situés tout près aussi, un tabac, une piscine publique, des salles de sport, des jardins publics... Et surtout, vous avez le Canal St Martin qui est très sympa au moment des AfterWork pour un petit apéros ou un pique nique.  Vous disposerez donc de l'appartement dans sa totalité, néanmoins je serais disponible à n'importe quel moment par téléphone, que ce soit pour des conseils ou 
28324		25m2 studio in very calm neighborhood in the heart of Paris. 5min walk from Le Marais. Double sofa bed + spare mattress. All facilities very close : supermarket, bar&restaurant, metro, bus & velib'. Great place if you want to discover Paris easily. In the 11th arrondissement, around the Place de la Bastille, is a busy, animated neighborhood known for its hip bars and clubs. Here you can find beautiful hidden places like the charming Arsenal marina and the Promenade suspendue, a landscaped walkway built on the old railroad tracks of a viaduct. Underneath, in the Viaduc des Arts arcades, you can window-shop at exclusive art galleries.  Bastille is a station on lines 1, 5 and 8 of the Paris Métro. It is located near the former location of the Bastille and remains of the Bastille can be seen on line 5. I have an hair dryer in the apartment.
28325		Grand studio non fumeur situé au 1er étage, en plein cœur du 11ème (à 10 min de Bastille, du Père Lachaise et de République) avec kitchenette, salle de bain (et baignoire), WC séparé, Wi-Fi, rangements, platine vinyle (et disques) mais pas de TV . Proche du métro (L9), 10 min à pieds L1, L5, L8
28326		Le studio est situé dans le 11eme arrondissement, rue calme. Meublé et equipé, 16m2. Canapé convertible en lit double, comode, bureau, chaise, coin cuisine, douche, wc. Proche supermarchés, restaurants et bars, quartier vivant. Metro Charonne.
28327	I rent a beautiful Parisian apartment in the 3rd floor of a Hausmmanien style building in the lively rue de la Roquette with its small shops, bakery, cheese, restaurants and Parisian bistros. The apartment is located between Place de la Bastille known for its shopping and nightlife and the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery. The Republic Square is 3 metro stations from which you can visit the district of Haut Marais and its trendy shops, and of course the famous Marais district known for its very Parisian atmosphere. It is a 2 bed-room apartment of 40m2, completely renovated. The apartment is located between the famous Place de la Bastille well known for its night life and the famous cemetery of Père Lachaise. Place de la République is 3 subway stations from which you can visit the Haut Marais district well known for its trendy shops and of course the famous Marais area well known for its typical Parisian atmosphere. The living room has a double sofa-bed (1m40 X 2m)  a flat screen TV (80 cm	Nice Parisian apartment completely renovated, in a Haussmann style building, in 11th district of Paris. It is a 2 bed-room apartment of 40m2 for 4 people in the lively area of the street of the Rocket not far from Bastille, République and Le Marais. I rent a beautiful Parisian apartment in the 3rd floor of a Hausmmanien style building in the lively rue de la Roquette with its small shops, bakery, cheese, restaurants and Parisian bistros. The apartment is located between Place de la Bastille known for its shopping and nightlife and the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery. The Republic Square is 3 metro stations from which you can visit the district of Haut Marais and its trendy shops, and of course the famous Marais district known for its very Parisian atmosphere. It is a 2 bed-room apartment of 40m2, completely renovated. The apartment is located between the famous Place de la Bastille well known for its night life and the famous cemetery of Père Lachaise. Place de la République is 3 subway 
28328	Charming studio near Bastille, very well organized. 7th floor (with elevator) in a nice building (former Hotel). Very well located : 15 min by foot from Bastille or Père Lachaise. Two metro stations nearby : Voltaire (line 9) and Philippe Auguste (line 2). Very clean, all furnished.  BATHROOM :- Toilets- Sink- Shower- Storage unit- Washing machine KITCHEN :- Hot plates + cooker hood- Microwave- Dishes LIVINGROOM/BEDROOM- Very comfortable sofa-bed, with a new mattress (bought in March 2013)- Storage unit for clothes- TV Tall window, very bright all day long (east oriented). Very nice and typical neighborhood, clean, shopping area, very safe. Close to the center of Paris (20min by foot to go to Le Marais). Free Wi-Fi, TV channels, clean sheets and towels, some room for storage. Metro stations line 9 (Voltaire) & line 2 (Philippe Auguste). From the airport : RER B till Gare du Nord, then line 2 till Philippe Auguste (5min by foot).	Charming studio near Bastille, very well organized. 7th floor (with elevator) in a nice building (former Hotel). Very well located : 15 min by foot from Bastille or Père Lachaise. Two metro stations nearby : Voltaire (line 9) and Philippe Auguste (line 2). Very clean, all furnished.  BATHROOM :- Toilets- Sink- Shower- Storage unit- Washing machine KITCHEN :- Hot plates + cooker hood- Microwave- Dishes LIVINGROOM/BEDROOM- Very comfortable sofa-bed, with a new mattress (bought in March 2013)- Storage unit for clothes- TV Tall window, very bright all day long (east oriented). Very nice and typical neighborhood, clean, shopping area, very safe. Close to the center of Paris (20min by foot to go to Le Marais). Free Wi-Fi, TV channels, clean sheets and towels, some room for storage. Metro stations line 9 (Voltaire) & line 2 (Philippe Auguste). From the airport : RER B till Gare du Nord, then line 2 till Philippe Auguste (5min by foot). Free Wi-Fi, TV channels, clean sheets and towels, some ro
28329	Welcome in this very charming Parisien apartment. It is located between Bastille and Oberkampf, the closest subway is at 5mns walk, either Saint-Maur or Saint-Ambroise.  The apartment is made of one large room, that you can cut in two if you want more intimacy in the room side!  There is a sofa bed in leaving room, and a regular bed, which mean you be 4 sleeping there. The apartment has a very nice view on a Parisian Square. You will appreciate it from the balcony that runs all the distance of the apartment.  IT is on the 2nd floor with elevator and has a leaving room with an open kitchen, it is equipped with a washing machine, fridge, small hover/microwave.  There is high speed wireless wifi, television. I provided linens and towels.  The area is very nice a full of delicious french restaurant, I'll give my best addresses when you arrive, there are so many!  Check in is at 3pm and check out at 11am.  IF you have any question, please ask, I'll do my best to help!  	Welcome in this very charming Parisien apartment. It is located between Bastille and Oberkampf, the closest subway is at 5mns walk, either Saint-Maur or Saint-Ambroise.  The apartment is made of one large room, that you can cut in two if you want more intimacy in the room side!  There is a sofa bed in leaving room, and a regular bed, which mean you be 4 sleeping there. The apartment has a very nice view on a Parisian Square. You will appreciate it from the balcony that runs all the distance of the apartment.  IT is on the 2nd floor with elevator and has a leaving room with an open kitchen, it is equipped with a washing machine, fridge, small hover/microwave.  There is high speed wireless wifi, television. I provided linens and towels.  The area is very nice a full of delicious french restaurant, I'll give my best addresses when you arrive, there are so many!  Check in is at 3pm and check out at 11am.  IF you have any question, please ask, I'll do my best to help!  From Charles de Gaull
28330	"Let me clarify a little information: in the comments, those intended to ""Grande chambre d'artiste"" actually concern leases of my friend, who has not smartphone, so he managed his announcement via my account. The comments reveal my announce are those of 'Charming studio in the 11th. ""/""Charmant studio dans le 11ème""  Thank you very much, and good reading : ) My little apartment is ideal for young people who want to put their suitcases in the 11th district. You can enjoy the view over the rooftops of Paris. On the 6th floor, it is very bright, even by Parisian greyness of time. I installed a 140x200 sofa bed which is perfect for a couple or a single person (easy to use). The kitchen is very nice. Fully equipped with washing machine. The shower room is intimate and enjoyable. Decoration bohemian cozy. Lovers plants, you will feel at home. Like atypical environments? This little cocoon is made for you!"	"This is a lovely 21m2, under one roof, or ideal for a weekend getaway. The decor is warm, sometimes atypical. You are original? You will love! Fully equipped kitchen and very nice if you like to cook. Jolie Let me clarify a little information: in the comments, those intended to ""Grande chambre d'artiste"" actually concern leases of my friend, who has not smartphone, so he managed his announcement via my account. The comments reveal my announce are those of 'Charming studio in the 11th. ""/""Charmant studio dans le 11ème""  Thank you very much, and good reading : ) My little apartment is ideal for young people who want to put their suitcases in the 11th district. You can enjoy the view over the rooftops of Paris. On the 6th floor, it is very bright, even by Parisian greyness of time. I installed a 140x200 sofa bed which is perfect for a couple or a single person (easy to use). The kitchen is very nice. Fully equipped with washing machine. The shower room is intimate and enjoyable. Decoratio"
28331	Il est situé au 7 eme étage et bénéficie d'un petit balcon d'où l'on aperçoit le sacré coeur, la tour eiffel, la tour montparnasse etc... Sa capacité d'accueil est la suivante: - 1 lit deux places -1 canapé lit deux places - 1 lit enfant (entre 3 et 10 ans) -1 lit enfant (3-4 ans) -possibilité de mettre à disposition deux matelas adultes individuels adultes - possibilité de prêter un lit parapluie pour bébé	Our apartment is located in Paris' 11th arrondissement near Pere Lachaise cemetery . The apartment, about 60m2, is located on the 7th floor (with elevator!) and benefits an unobstructed view of Paris.
28332	The living area : a lounge with a piano and large libraries. Large windows illuminate the beautiful decor of this room: gold mirror, fireplace, crystal chandelier ...  The second part of the living room opens onto a large dining room.  The kitchen is fully equipped with large crockery, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, 2 ovens, microwave, espresso Nespresso machine, toaster, kettle, food processor and cooker hood.  A bathroom with tub / shower. And a bathroom with walk-in shower.  The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed (160x190 cm), the second with a double bed 140x190 cm.  Lots of storage are available in each room.	The apartment is located a few steps from the Place des Vosges. On the 3rd floor of a 19th century buildind. 135 sqm nicely decorated. All the comfort at your disposal, it is ideal for 2 couples : 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The living area : a lounge with a piano and large libraries. Large windows illuminate the beautiful decor of this room: gold mirror, fireplace, crystal chandelier ...  The second part of the living room opens onto a large dining room.  The kitchen is fully equipped with large crockery, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, 2 ovens, microwave, espresso Nespresso machine, toaster, kettle, food processor and cooker hood.  A bathroom with tub / shower. And a bathroom with walk-in shower.  The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed (160x190 cm), the second with a double bed 140x190 cm.  Lots of storage are available in each room. Enjoy your Holidays: bed linen, bath towels and toiletries are provided.  The beds are made for your arrival. Your intendant wil
28333		Most comfortable large studio close to metro and public transportation.  In the most beautiful center of Paris Le Maris:  Art Galleries · Artsy ·  Fashion · Cafés.
28334	Completely renovated the first floor of a quiet residence, this charming 40 m2 apartment is located in the very heart of cultural Bastille. The day you will find two markets, good restaurants and cafes of all kinds, designer boutiques, various shops, a night you will be in the heart of a trendy neighborhood, with the opera, concert halls , bars young, the night clubs. In a cozy style, it offers all modern comforts, with wi-fi, cable TV, washing machine, fitted kitchen, bathroom with bath and separate bedroom. ----------- Center of interest near Housing: Place de la Bastille Opéra Bastille, Place des Vosges - Distance: 788 m Marsh - 1.4 km Gare de Lyon - 1.4 km Ile Saint-Louis ---- -1.9 km Features: Parquet Floor 1 1 bedroom, 1 living room 1 double bed 1 sofa bed 1 bath 1 bath + full kitchen facilities ----- Heating Cable TV DVD INTERNET Microwave oven Toaster Coffee Maker Refrigerator Washing Machine Hair Dryer Sheets Towels Small ironing board	Completely renovated the first floor of a quiet residence, this charming 40 m2 apartment is located in the very heart of cultural Bastille. The day you will find two markets, good restaurants and cafes of all kinds, designer boutiques, various shops, a night you will be in the heart of a trendy neighborhood, with the opera, concert halls , bars young, the night clubs. In a cozy style, it offers all modern comforts, with wi-fi, cable TV, washing machine, fitted kitchen, bathroom with bath and separate bedroom. ----------- Center of interest near Housing: Place de la Bastille Opéra Bastille, Place des Vosges - Distance: 788 m Marsh - 1.4 km Gare de Lyon - 1.4 km Ile Saint-Louis ---- -1.9 km Features: Parquet Floor 1 1 bedroom, 1 living room 1 double bed 1 sofa bed 1 bath 1 bath + full kitchen facilities ----- Heating Cable TV DVD INTERNET Microwave oven Toaster Coffee Maker Refrigerator Washing Machine Hair Dryer Sheets Towels Small ironing board
28335		Je propose ma chambre avec lit et balcon dans un quartier cosmopolite et agréable de Paris.
28336	"I will welcome you in this lovely studio for your visit to discover Paris. This nice studio recently fully renovated is located between “Place de la Nation”, and ""Bastille"", two of the most beautiful Paris squares, with the beautiful statue of the French Nation in the middle of it or the Bastille Genius angel. The 11th district is very close to the Paris city hypercenter and you will be able to visit a lot of monuments by foot or cycling with bikes. Ideally located in the East side of Paris, close to some of the city’s trendiest restaurant's, boutiques to do some shopping (The ""Galeries Lafayettes Nation"" is very close as well as a ""City Pharma"" large department store to buy free-taxed beauty products and perfumes, or other fashion boutiques...). The area is also well serviced with major bus and subway routes and food stores and markets. The closest subway station is “Nation” where most of the Paris subways lines are crossing, so it will be you the perfect place to discover the entire "	"    A large cosy studio for 2 persons ideally located in the center of Paris: a great place for your holidays in the French capital. You will like this very quiet and modern place fully renovated to rest after long days of visits in Paris.    I will welcome you in this lovely studio for your visit to discover Paris. This nice studio recently fully renovated is located between “Place de la Nation”, and ""Bastille"", two of the most beautiful Paris squares, with the beautiful statue of the French Nation in the middle of it or the Bastille Genius angel. The 11th district is very close to the Paris city hypercenter and you will be able to visit a lot of monuments by foot or cycling with bikes. Ideally located in the East side of Paris, close to some of the city’s trendiest restaurant's, boutiques to do some shopping (The ""Galeries Lafayettes Nation"" is very close as well as a ""City Pharma"" large department store to buy free-taxed beauty products and perfumes, or other fashion boutiques...). "
28337	Bien situé entre métro Phillips aujuste et Metro Voltaire  très calme 	Logement  bien SITUÉE   Au Metro Phillips auguste ligne. 2  a. Cote du cimetières  Père Lachaise  et. De. Voltaire . L appartement. Et. Disposer d une grande pièce principal avec coin cuisine  sale  de  bain   avec  douche  W.C  30M2. ENTRE NATION ET VOLTAIRE AU  CALME ...Équipe. wifi  .télé . frigo.  chauffe  serviette  . Bien situé entre métro Phillips aujuste et Metro Voltaire  très calme Si besoin je serrait la pas de problème ... Metro Phillipe aujuste  ligne 2      Metro voltaire ligne 9
28338	Hi ! Welcome in my room This is my room, really cosy and comfortable with all you need !  The room is in a flat shared with my two flatmates. In the flat, you'll have access to  - the kitchen if you need to cook  - the bathroom (bath and washing machine)  - separated toilet  - my room which will be yours during the time you're staying in the flat (double bed, a desk…). The room is on the street but it's pretty calm because there is not much traffic on our street, plus there are double glazing windows ! You will have a wi fi access. If you have any questions, do not hesitate ! 	Hi ! Welcome in my room This is my room, really cosy and comfortable with all you need !  The room is in a flat shared with my two flatmates. In the flat, you'll have access to  - the kitchen if you need to cook  - the bathroom (bath and washing machine)  - separated toilet  - my room which will be yours during the time you're staying in the flat (double bed, a desk…). The room is on the street but it's pretty calm because there is not much traffic on our street, plus there are double glazing windows ! You will have a wi fi access. If you have any questions, do not hesitate !  WIFI: I will provide you our codes. We enjoy living in this district of Paris, very central and close to Bastille, République or Nation.  The neighborhood is really typical of Paris with a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. You will find the Votaire station (line 9), 2 minute walk from our flat. 
28339	This shared apartment has been recently renewed and all electronic appliances are brand new (fridge x2, washing machine, toaster, microwave, oven) as well as the plates, glasses, cutlery, etc. The apartment has one living room-bedroom with a sofa, table, chairs, open kitchen and a bunk bed. Additionally there is a room with 2 bunkbeds; so the apartment is ment for 6 students or young workers on budget. High speed internet, electricity, heating, water, etc are included. 2 bathrooms, one with shower and one with toilet. There is also a small room which will be used as a big closet for everyone.	 Piso compartido  65m2  Capacidad total: 5  académicos y trabajadores jóvenes  1 Bedroom / Dormitorio  2 Baño / Baño Baine  1 Sala de estar / Salón  1 Cocina / Kitchen  1 Big Closet / Vestidor  ------------------------ 
28340	we rent our big flat near Ménilmontant during our holidays... on the first floor, the hall, our studio, a little room & another large one, for two. then, in the basement, an office, a dressing & a little room for two and on the last floor, the living room (with an extra fold down bed) the kitchen (with a dishwasher) & the bathroom Spacious & unconventional, the three floors are around a little courtyard The area is getting trendy with a lot of cafés, great restaurants, wine bars, and all sorts of shops. Still the place is very quiet at night being in the courtyard. Very well connected to the heart of Paris; 10 minutes walk to the historical area Le Marais, three metro stations nearby Parmentier (line 3) and Ménilmontant or Couronnes (line 2) and many buses, one straight to gare Monparnasse (96), and another one (46) to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est 10 minutes walk to the new trendy area Canal Saint-Martin and 2 minutes walk from the other trendy new area in rue Oberkampf. two or three	we rent our big flat near Ménilmontant during our holidays... on the first floor, the hall, our studio, a little room & another large one, for two. then, in the basement, an office, a dressing & a little room for two and on the last floor, the living room (with an extra fold down bed) the kitchen (with a dishwasher) & the bathroom Spacious & unconventional, the three floors are around a little courtyard The area is getting trendy with a lot of cafés, great restaurants, wine bars, and all sorts of shops. Still the place is very quiet at night being in the courtyard. Very well connected to the heart of Paris; 10 minutes walk to the historical area Le Marais, three metro stations nearby Parmentier (line 3) and Ménilmontant or Couronnes (line 2) and many buses, one straight to gare Monparnasse (96), and another one (46) to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est 10 minutes walk to the new trendy area Canal Saint-Martin and 2 minutes walk from the other trendy new area in rue Oberkampf. two or three
28341	Appartement of 75m2 with 2 ROOMS, RÉCEPTION / SALON, BALCONEES, KITCHEN, BATHROOM. TOILET.	CHARMING PARISIAN APARTMENT, 75M2 TWO BEDROOMS, SALOON,  BALCONY. With its height of ceiling and its mouldings, the Haussmannien appartment is one of the symbols of the Parisian architecture. Appartement of 75m2 with 2 ROOMS, RÉCEPTION / SALON, BALCONEES, KITCHEN, BATHROOM. TOILET. Facilities: Towels, bed-linen, iron, hair-dryer. Refrigerator, kettle, toaster, microwave. Wifi, TV, Rue Oberkampf with multiple groceries, delicious bakeries and restaurants, different bars and lounge bars, various shops. Only 2 minutes by métro from Bastille and métro Line 1 with all attractive places to visit: Le Marais, Louvre museum, Tuileries Garden, place de Concorde, Champs-Élysées & Arc de Triomphe, etc... Metro Oberkampf (1 minute) or République (5 minutes).  2nd floor with lift.
28342	You want to enjoy Parisian weather? The spirit of the Ville Lumière? Some walks in its bustlings streets, or the spectacular Père Lachaise cemetery? We can help you! We rent one room in our 4 room flat, located in the heart of Ménilmontant neighbourhood, next to Oberkampf street (with lots of bars), Père Lachaise cemetery (a beautiful place!) and République square. (also I've said it's ok for 3 persons, but it's one big bed and a one person mattress that can be put in the same room :) Our place is bright and clean, with a well equipped living room : 800 comic strip (in french!), 150 novels, an old but useful GameCube with Mario Kart, and top high speed fiber wifi connection. Nearest metro station : - Rue Saint Maur sur la ligne 3 - Ménilmontant sur la ligne 2 The flat is 650 sq ft (60m²), your room 140 sqft (13m²), the living room 220 sq ft (20m²). And your hosts, Eloi and Laurent will be there and happy to show you the best places near our flat to have a drink, eat, or to party!	You want to enjoy Parisian weather? The spirit of the Ville Lumière? Some walks in its bustlings streets, or the spectacular Père Lachaise cemetery? We can help you! We rent one room in our 4 room flat, located in the heart of Ménilmontant neighbourhood, next to Oberkampf street (with lots of bars), Père Lachaise cemetery (a beautiful place!) and République square. (also I've said it's ok for 3 persons, but it's one big bed and a one person mattress that can be put in the same room :) Our place is bright and clean, with a well equipped living room : 800 comic strip (in french!), 150 novels, an old but useful GameCube with Mario Kart, and top high speed fiber wifi connection. Nearest metro station : - Rue Saint Maur sur la ligne 3 - Ménilmontant sur la ligne 2 The flat is 650 sq ft (60m²), your room 140 sqft (13m²), the living room 220 sq ft (20m²). And your hosts, Eloi and Laurent will be there and happy to show you the best places near our flat to have a drink, eat, or to party!
28343	A cosy Parisian flat in a trendy and central neighbourhood. The flat has 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with a separate toilet, a kitchen open to the living room where there is a double sofa bed. The bedroom is spacious with a double bed and a desk, enjoy Sacré Coeur's flaming sunset from the bed! The living room with an open plan kitchen has a dining table and a sofa that opens up to another double bed. The living room has large windows with large balcony that look onto a typical Parisian street, perfect for breakfast. The flat is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. The flat isfully equipped, including towels, linen, toiletries, Wifi, and kitchenware.	Cozy flat in a very central location. One block from the famous Oberkampf area. 1 minute from metro lines (M2 and M11).  6th floor with elevator and amazing view on the Sacré Coeur A cosy Parisian flat in a trendy and central neighbourhood. The flat has 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with a separate toilet, a kitchen open to the living room where there is a double sofa bed. The bedroom is spacious with a double bed and a desk, enjoy Sacré Coeur's flaming sunset from the bed! The living room with an open plan kitchen has a dining table and a sofa that opens up to another double bed. The living room has large windows with large balcony that look onto a typical Parisian street, perfect for breakfast. The flat is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. The flat isfully equipped, including towels, linen, toiletries, Wifi, and kitchenware. We love to host people from everywhere in the world…We will be very happy to make your stay unforgettable ... Very well located, close to everything, walk d
28344	"After a year world tour with my 13 years old daughter, traveling in 11 countries, over apartments proposed by  Airbnb members, it seemed natural to us join the community, this time as hosts. Our apartment, with an area of 82 m2, consists of a large bedroom (25m2) with a King Size double bed (made by the Swiss company Tempur, very comfortable and suitable  for people with back ache) and en-suite bathroom, a small bedroom with a single bed, a large living room (30m2), surmounted by a mezzanine with a double bed, while the living room sofa converts into a bed for two people. With its large volume, exposed beams, fireplace in working order, two ornate balconies, the lounge is a great living room. Our stock of wood stacked on the landing is at your disposal and  you can treat yourself to the luxury of cozy evenings by the fire in the heart of Paris! This is the ""countryside touch"" of our house in the heart of one of the nicest areas of Paris."	"In the beautiful ""Popincourt village"" area between Bastille and République, close to the Marais, our apartment offers space, light, quietness, with a touch of countryside in one of the most fashionable districts in the capital. After a year world tour with my 13 years old daughter, traveling in 11 countries, over apartments proposed by  Airbnb members, it seemed natural to us join the community, this time as hosts. Our apartment, with an area of 82 m2, consists of a large bedroom (25m2) with a King Size double bed (made by the Swiss company Tempur, very comfortable and suitable  for people with back ache) and en-suite bathroom, a small bedroom with a single bed, a large living room (30m2), surmounted by a mezzanine with a double bed, while the living room sofa converts into a bed for two people. With its large volume, exposed beams, fireplace in working order, two ornate balconies, the lounge is a great living room. Our stock of wood stacked on the landing is at your disposal and  you "
28345	The apartment features three bedrooms: mine and two that are available for Airbnb guests, a big kitchen with dining room and a separate toilet. I have my own bathroom with toilet. There is a second bathroom with shower for Airbnb guests only. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available.	Charming room (16m2), in a bright and quiet apartment, safe and secure exceptionally located near the Bastille district , Republiqe, Oberkampf, Le Marais and Nation. Lively neighbourhoods, with great nightlife. Supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries.. The apartment features three bedrooms: mine and two that are available for Airbnb guests, a big kitchen with dining room and a separate toilet. I have my own bathroom with toilet. There is a second bathroom with shower for Airbnb guests only. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available. Great transport service, with two metro lines and three bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris: Metro line 9 to the Champs-Élysées and the Trocadéro. Metro line 8 to Opéra shopping district and to Place de la Concorde. Bus 76 to the Louvre, the modern art museum and exhibition centre Centre George Pompidou, and the trendy Marais district. Bus 86 to Saint-Germain-des-Près, fashionable Rive Gauche district. B
28346	Best apartment in Paris : just look at the pictures !	Very clean and cosy bedroom, with a private bathroom. The apartment is 80m² for 3bedrooms and a big living room. It is inside an apartment block, so it is always quiet.  The street is very lively with a lot of bars and restaurants.  You will love Best apartment in Paris : just look at the pictures ! You will be completely free with your own keys. We would be please to advice you or even to show you the best places we know either for food, drinks, music, sports, visits... The street is one of the most lively in Paris! Lots of bars (cheap or not) and diversified restaurants.  There is also all the conveniences around. You have the metro station very closed by (2minutes walking) and a night bus which crosses Paris when the metro is closed (between 2AM and 6AM).
28347	La surface du logement est de 25 m2. Le logement est situé au rez de chaussée de l'immeuble, donnant sur une petite rue assez calme, semi-piétonne. The apartament it's 25 m2, at the ground flour, in a little street walk.	Location d'une chambre dans un appartement de 30 m2 à partager avec l'hôtesse. Situé près du centre de Paris, à 5 min de Bastille dans un quartier tranquille et agréable. Renting a room in an apartment of 30 m2 to share with the hostess. Located near the center of Paris, 5 minutes from Bastille. La surface du logement est de 25 m2. Le logement est situé au rez de chaussée de l'immeuble, donnant sur une petite rue assez calme, semi-piétonne. The apartament it's 25 m2, at the ground flour, in a little street walk. Le voyageur dispose d'une chambre. Il y  a une petite salle de bain, un salon aménagé d'une mezzanine que j'occupe. Il y a également à disposition un petit coin pour faire la cuisine (frigidaire, plaque chauffante, ustensile de cuisine, condiments : huile d'olive, épices, etc), une connexion internet wifi haut débit, ainsi qu'une machine à laver. The traveler has a bedroom . There is a small bathroom , a living room furnished with a mezzanine that I occupy . There is also avail
28348	The flat have nice view on Paris rooftop. It is bright and calm. Perfect to have rest and discover the real Parisian's life. It is a shared flat, so you will get a chance to discover our way of life and share moments with us, having fun and discuss.	"Lovely atmosphere in this flat situated next to "" Rue Saint Maur"" station (line 3) in center of Paris Brand new flat with all facilities :  - new kitchen fully equipped - 1 air mattress in the living room (really comfortable) - Paris panorama - 6th floor with elevator The flat have nice view on Paris rooftop. It is bright and calm. Perfect to have rest and discover the real Parisian's life. It is a shared flat, so you will get a chance to discover our way of life and share moments with us, having fun and discuss. You will have full access to the living room, kitchen and bathroom.  The bed is really comfortable (air mattress) situated in the living room. Your intimacy will be provided by curtains. We will be happy to help you all along your stay by recommending restaurants, good addresses to have a drink and visit great authentic places in Paris. We will make everything we can for you to enjoy your staying in Paris. We will stay at your disposal, at any time, in case of any need. The Ne"
28349	Dans un bel et ancien immeuble situé à 5 minutes de la place de la Bastille, je loue une jolie chambre, indépendante et ensoleillée. Tout le charme parisien est là: parquet, moulures, cheminée, vue sur les toits... Le confort aussi d'ailleurs, car la chambre dispose d'un canapé-lit double (140x200), d'un bureau, d'une penderie si besoin, de quelques livres et CD en libre utilisation et du wifi gratuit. Je vous fournirai des draps, des serviettes, un sèche--cheveux: tout ce qui est lourd à porter! Nous partagerons la salle de bain/toilettes, toute petite mais toute mignonne. Et vous pourrez accéder librement à la cuisine, qui dispose d'un frigo/congélateur ainsi que d'une machine à laver séchante. Tout l'appartement vient d'être rénové, et je l'habite toute seule. Il est au 3ème étage, mais il y a un (petit) ascenseur.  Il se trouve dans un quartier très central, branché et animé, mais qui garde un esprit convivial et parisien. Les rue de la Roquette et de Charonne - respectivement à 2 	Dans un bel et ancien immeuble situé à 5 minutes de la place de la Bastille, je loue une jolie chambre, indépendante et ensoleillée. Tout le charme parisien est là: parquet, moulures, cheminée, vue sur les toits... Le confort aussi d'ailleurs, car la chambre dispose d'un canapé-lit double (140x200), d'un bureau, d'une penderie si besoin, de quelques livres et CD en libre utilisation et du wifi gratuit. Je vous fournirai des draps, des serviettes, un sèche--cheveux: tout ce qui est lourd à porter! Nous partagerons la salle de bain/toilettes, toute petite mais toute mignonne. Et vous pourrez accéder librement à la cuisine, qui dispose d'un frigo/congélateur ainsi que d'une machine à laver séchante. Tout l'appartement vient d'être rénové, et je l'habite toute seule. Il est au 3ème étage, mais il y a un (petit) ascenseur.  Il se trouve dans un quartier très central, branché et animé, mais qui garde un esprit convivial et parisien. Les rue de la Roquette et de Charonne - respectivement à 2 
28350	***** READ THE LISTING ****  BIG THX IN ADVANCE ! ONE bedroom apartment to be FULLY shared (30m2/300sqft approx)  Two single beds in the same bedroom, sort of like a hostel living situation Ideally for a solo young male traveler but girls are also welcome.  Basically any individual travelling in a low budget and looking for a CHEAP but DECENT place to sleep Ideal guest : Someone respectful and clean ! About the place... -Cozy, cute and furnished little flat on the ground level  -Kitchenette with microwave, little electric stove & small fridge. -Single bed, bed linens and towels are provided  -UNLIMITED Wireless internet connection. -Digital security code entrance, luminous in a quiet building. Location: You have 3 metro stops within less than 10 mins walk  1) Line 2: Alexandre Dumas - 4 mins (350 meters)  2) Line 9: Rue des Boulets - 8 mins (550 meters)  3) Line 1,2,6,9 and RER A: Nation - 9 mins - (800 meters) Not Included: -Washing machine (Laundry-mat is right next door) -A/C Check/	Enjoy beautiful Paris in a non-touristy neighborhood but full of local attractions: 1) The Louvre (20 mins) 2) Bastille (15 mins) 3) Château de Vincennes (15 mins) 4) Père Lachaise Cemetery (5 mins) 5) Montmartre (25 mins) 6) Bercy (15 mins) ***** READ THE LISTING ****  BIG THX IN ADVANCE ! ONE bedroom apartment to be FULLY shared (30m2/300sqft approx)  Two single beds in the same bedroom, sort of like a hostel living situation Ideally for a solo young male traveler but girls are also welcome.  Basically any individual travelling in a low budget and looking for a CHEAP but DECENT place to sleep Ideal guest : Someone respectful and clean ! About the place... -Cozy, cute and furnished little flat on the ground level  -Kitchenette with microwave, little electric stove & small fridge. -Single bed, bed linens and towels are provided  -UNLIMITED Wireless internet connection. -Digital security code entrance, luminous in a quiet building. Location: You have 3 metro stops within less than 10 mi
28351	L'appartement est un 3 pièces, composé d'une chambre, un salon et un bureau. Il est traversant entièrement sur cour et situé au 3ème étage. Il peut accueillir 2 adultes qui dormiront dans un lit de 160*200.	Dans un quartier animé, typiquement parisien, bien desservi par les transports, charmant appartement de 50m2 traversant sur cour. Proche marais et bastille. L'appartement est un 3 pièces, composé d'une chambre, un salon et un bureau. Il est traversant entièrement sur cour et situé au 3ème étage. Il peut accueillir 2 adultes qui dormiront dans un lit de 160*200. Vous disposerez d'une chambre privative ainsi que d'un accès à la salle de bain.  Nous pourrons vous conseiller quelques restaurants très sympa dans le quartier, et vous proposer avec plaisir un apéritif pour débuter votre soirée ! Le quartier Voltaire est très vivant, que ce soit en semaine ou le weekend. Il y a de nombreux restaurants et boutiques. Depuis l'appartement, vous pourrez accéder en mois de 15 à pieds à Bastille, la Place des Vosges, le canal Saint Martin ou le cimetière du Père Lachaise. Pour accéder à l'appartement, l'arrêt de métro le proche est voltaire - Léon Blum sur la ligne 9. Les Bus 61 ou 69 : arrêt Voltai
28352	A nice apartment of 50m2, a spacious bedroom and a comfortable lounge, a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walk, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night.	Bastille! From its picturesque promenades to its late-night lounges, Bastille represents Parisian éclat.  A nice apartment of 50m2, a spacious bedroom and a comfortable lounge, a kitchen where you take your breakfast. Well equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine) Everything you need (TV, DVD, bed linen, towels) wi fi internet, telephone (free calls to more than 80 countries , free calls to all fixed and mobile in France) Excellent localization, the nearest metro is  Faidherbe Chaligny (4 min walking from your home), many buses and night buses as well. 10 min walk from the Place de la bastille.Supers bars, restaurants, nightclubs, just steps away from you. 4 supermarkets and all kind of parisien shops. For those who like walk, you can see a lot of Paris by walk from here. Ideal for young people who want to enjoy Paris by day but also Paris by night.  You have access to all the apartment.  i'll be studying and working, but it will be a pleasure to share moments with my guests.
28353	IN JULY AUGUST 5 NIGHTS MINIMUM NO SMOKING Big and bright room with Queen Sise bed, sofas and table in Bastille. Homestays in the district of La Bastille, apartment 2 rooms, 42 m², with PARKING. I welcome you in my room/living room with two sofa beds, and table. Sheets and towels are provided. The kitchen and bathroom are shared with me, but I will be out :-) most of the times. Possibility PARKING:  + 10euros/day I can advise you on your trips, activities and places of interest in Paris. The apartment is 42m² and is very bright, 3rd floor view, with: . an entrance that serves: . the room/dining room with a Queen Sise bed for two, two sofa beds and a diner table YOUR ROOM; . separate kitchen equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, kettle, toaster, blender, dishes, etc.). . Bathroom / WC with bath; . my room, will be closed. I'am very often travelling. Quiet and functional, quiet neighbors, simple decor, linens and dishes. Weekly cleaning included. I have a hair dryer for girls :) T	JULY AUGUST 5 DAYS MIN Couple bed (queen), twin sofas and dining table. At Bastille / Nation, trendy quarter , very central and lively with restaurants, gardens and any trade. Well connected by metro, bus, Velib and Autolib. IN JULY AUGUST 5 NIGHTS MINIMUM NO SMOKING Big and bright room with Queen Sise bed, sofas and table in Bastille. Homestays in the district of La Bastille, apartment 2 rooms, 42 m², with PARKING. I welcome you in my room/living room with two sofa beds, and table. Sheets and towels are provided. The kitchen and bathroom are shared with me, but I will be out :-) most of the times. Possibility PARKING:  + 10euros/day I can advise you on your trips, activities and places of interest in Paris. The apartment is 42m² and is very bright, 3rd floor view, with: . an entrance that serves: . the room/dining room with a Queen Sise bed for two, two sofa beds and a diner table YOUR ROOM; . separate kitchen equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, kettle, toaster, blender, dish
28354	Small artist studio fully renovated close to the Canal Saint Martin, its metal bridges, river locks, cobblestone banks and rows of trees that give a special charm to this neighborhood. Close to the Place de la Republique and metro lines 3,5,8,9,11. Very convenient to travel all over the city. The studio is located on the ground floor, at the end of a paved patio. With 3m50 high ceiling, the studio is very bright and has a mezzanine with a double bed for 2 people. Fully equipped with sofa bed, microwave, fridge, cooker, toaster, kettle, extractor, flat screen TV. Linen and towels provided wireless WIFI Internet Close to all amenities (bakery, supermarket, laundry, pharmacy within 50m). The apartment is brand new. I offer a small bottle of champagne to the first tenant. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or special requests. I'll do my best to satisfy you.	Small artist studio fully renovated close to the Canal Saint Martin, its metal bridges, river locks, cobblestone banks and rows of trees that give a special charm to this neighborhood. Close to the Place de la Republique and metro lines 3,5,8,9,11. Very convenient to travel all over the city. The studio is located on the ground floor, at the end of a paved patio. With 3m50 high ceiling, the studio is very bright and has a mezzanine with a double bed for 2 people. Fully equipped with sofa bed, microwave, fridge, cooker, toaster, kettle, extractor, flat screen TV. Linen and towels provided wireless WIFI Internet Close to all amenities (bakery, supermarket, laundry, pharmacy within 50m). The apartment is brand new. I offer a small bottle of champagne to the first tenant. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or special requests. I'll do my best to satisfy you.
28355	The room is very quiet, spacious and luminous with a view on the roofs of Paris. There is wooden floor, a comfy double bed, a bit of storage and a kettle with tea and coffee at your disposal.	The room is calm, luminous, spacious and very well located. Bastille is at the heart of Paris, close to many attractive places, monuments, shops, bars, restaurants of all kinds, galleries, clubs, markets... The room is very quiet, spacious and luminous with a view on the roofs of Paris. There is wooden floor, a comfy double bed, a bit of storage and a kettle with tea and coffee at your disposal. You will also have access to a bathroom with a bath, a sink and a toilet. I will provide the towels and there is also a hairdryer.  The bathroom is to share with me. I work the all day during the week but will be available in the morning and in the evening if you need advices on things to do and see in Paris. I know the city very well and will be glad to share my experiences with you.  The area of Bastille is very nice and lively. At night, you can enjoy many types of bars and restaurants , also concert places, cinema, theatre and even the Opera. During the day there are different markets aroun
28356	La chambre est très fleurie, chaleureuse, et lumineuse. Elle comprend un lit deux places et donne sur la rue de Charonne.  L'appartement lui est très pratique. Un salon donnant sur la rue et une cuisine sur cour équipée d'un four, réfrigérateur, machine à laver, micro-ondes et cuisinière. Une salle de bain moderne et lumineuse, grande douche et wc. L'appartement est équipé d'une connexion internet Wifi à disposition. Petit plus pour les musiciens, une batterie électronique ainsi qu'une guitare acoustique sont à votre disposition dans le salon, utilisables en journée jusqu'à 19h, pour le respect du voisinage.	Chambre agréable et fleurie située à deux pas du quartier Bastille et en plein coeur de la rue de Charonne, un quartier idéal et branché, pour sorties en tout genre: restaurants, bars... Cuisine, SDB et salon partagés. La chambre est très fleurie, chaleureuse, et lumineuse. Elle comprend un lit deux places et donne sur la rue de Charonne.  L'appartement lui est très pratique. Un salon donnant sur la rue et une cuisine sur cour équipée d'un four, réfrigérateur, machine à laver, micro-ondes et cuisinière. Une salle de bain moderne et lumineuse, grande douche et wc. L'appartement est équipé d'une connexion internet Wifi à disposition. Petit plus pour les musiciens, une batterie électronique ainsi qu'une guitare acoustique sont à votre disposition dans le salon, utilisables en journée jusqu'à 19h, pour le respect du voisinage. Les voyageurs ont accès à leur chambre, cuisine, salon et salle de bain. L'appartement se situe au deuxième étage sans ascenseur d'un petit immeuble calme. Nous somm
28357	Une jolie chambre de 27 m2,calme,avec placard  une cuisine à partager,une salle d'eau particulière, en plein Paris,dans un appartement d'(website hidden) loge à l'étage au dessus et je ne descends qu' au moment des repas le (website hidden) suis très exigeante sur la propreté. Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, Centre George Pompidou. Ligne 9 accès Musée d'art Moderne  Palais de Tokyo. Une station de Gare de Lyon. À côté du bois de Vincennes. Ligne 1 . Ligne. 9. Nation RER a, Gare de Lyon une station . Je le loue aussi au mois . Accès à la salle d'eau particulière . Tous les mois  Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, Centre George Pompidou. Ligne 9 accès Musée d'art Moderne  Palais de Tokyo. Une station de Gare de Lyon. À côté du bois de Vincennes. Ligne 1 . Ligne. 9. Nation RER a, Gare de Lyon une station . Je le loue aussi au mois . Accès à la salle d'eau particulière . Tous les mois  Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, C	Une jolie chambre de 27 m2,calme,avec placard  une cuisine à partager,une salle d'eau particulière, en plein Paris,dans un appartement d'(website hidden) loge à l'étage au dessus et je ne descends qu' au moment des repas le (website hidden) suis très exigeante sur la propreté. Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, Centre George Pompidou. Ligne 9 accès Musée d'art Moderne  Palais de Tokyo. Une station de Gare de Lyon. À côté du bois de Vincennes. Ligne 1 . Ligne. 9. Nation RER a, Gare de Lyon une station . Je le loue aussi au mois . Accès à la salle d'eau particulière . Tous les mois  Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, Centre George Pompidou. Ligne 9 accès Musée d'art Moderne  Palais de Tokyo. Une station de Gare de Lyon. À côté du bois de Vincennes. Ligne 1 . Ligne. 9. Nation RER a, Gare de Lyon une station . Je le loue aussi au mois . Accès à la salle d'eau particulière . Tous les mois  Quartier vivant jeune resto sympa .ligne 1 accès Louvre, C
28358	Dans le quartier animé de la Bastille a 5 mn a pied du Marais avec la célèbre Place des Vosges , vous trouverez toutes les boutiques de mode et de déco ouvertes même le dimanche. La multitude de bars , de restaurants ainsi que les magasins d'alimentation ouverts la nuit donnent un caractère unique a ce quartier. A deux pas  du petit port de plaisance de l' Arsenal , c'est un changement etonnant d'atmosphère que de flâner au bord de l'eau en plein cœur de la capitale.  2 fois par semaine au coin de la rue se déroule le plus grand  et pittoresque marché de Paris (jeudi et dimanche). Exposition d' artistes le samedi.	Appartement calme, situê dans une cour privative dans le quartier le plus animé de la capitale grand séjour avec canapé lit et cuisine toute équipée Toilettes séparés  Chambre  avec lit double Dans le quartier animé de la Bastille a 5 mn a pied du Marais avec la célèbre Place des Vosges , vous trouverez toutes les boutiques de mode et de déco ouvertes même le dimanche. La multitude de bars , de restaurants ainsi que les magasins d'alimentation ouverts la nuit donnent un caractère unique a ce quartier. A deux pas  du petit port de plaisance de l' Arsenal , c'est un changement etonnant d'atmosphère que de flâner au bord de l'eau en plein cœur de la capitale.  2 fois par semaine au coin de la rue se déroule le plus grand  et pittoresque marché de Paris (jeudi et dimanche). Exposition d' artistes le samedi. Metro Bastille : prendre rue de la Roquette, première rue à gauche 5 mn a pied 3 lignes de metro 1, 5 et 8  Les principaux monuments de Paris se situent sur la une Nombreuses lignes de 
28359	"Hello, I rent a very quaint and quiet apartment. It is ideally located on the south slope of Montmartre and close to the ""Moulin Rouge"" and the ""Sacré Coeur""  This apartment is perfect for 2 travelers during a short stay in Paris :  It offers :  - 23m2  - Ground floor courtyard - Renovated bathroom with shower, sink & toilet, 2 towels  - A double bed - A small kitchen with a microwave (there are so many good restaurants around you won’t even need it) - Two small speakers for music (Justin Bieber forbidden) - Freewifi Code - No TV - Building protected by a digicode 2 metro lines available will take you in no time to the touristic attractions of the city : - Line 2 serves the city of Paris from east to west and allows you to go in less than 20 minutes to the Arc de Triomphe where the Champs- Elysées begin. - Line 12 serves the city of Paris from north and southbound and allows you to go in less than 20 minutes at the Jardin des Tuileries , Place de la Concorde and Assemblée Nationale At "	"Very nice and quiet apartment in Paris, safe and well served by the public transportation. Hello, I rent a very quaint and quiet apartment. It is ideally located on the south slope of Montmartre and close to the ""Moulin Rouge"" and the ""Sacré Coeur""  This apartment is perfect for 2 travelers during a short stay in Paris :  It offers :  - 23m2  - Ground floor courtyard - Renovated bathroom with shower, sink & toilet, 2 towels  - A double bed - A small kitchen with a microwave (there are so many good restaurants around you won’t even need it) - Two small speakers for music (Justin Bieber forbidden) - Freewifi Code - No TV - Building protected by a digicode 2 metro lines available will take you in no time to the touristic attractions of the city : - Line 2 serves the city of Paris from east to west and allows you to go in less than 20 minutes to the Arc de Triomphe where the Champs- Elysées begin. - Line 12 serves the city of Paris from north and southbound and allows you to go in less tha"
28360	Bienvenue! Je vous propose ma chambre dans un appartement en colocation avec une amie. Vous y trouverez un lit 2 personnes, un espace salon et tout le confort dont vous aurez besoin!  Welcome! I am renting my room in a shared appartment with my friend. In my room, you will find a king size bed, a livingroom space and all the needded confort.  Also, the flat has a kitchen and a bathroom. Bienvenid@s! Estoy alquilando mi quarto en un piso compartido con mi majisima amiga. En mi piso hay cama doble, un salon asi que todo el conforte que puedan necesitar.  Tambien el piso tiene cozina equipada y casa de bano. 	Bienvenue! Je vous propose ma chambre dans un appartement en colocation avec une amie. Vous y trouverez un lit 2 personnes, un espace salon et tout le confort dont vous aurez besoin!  Welcome! I am renting my room in a shared appartment with my friend. In my room, you will find a king size bed, a livingroom space and all the needded confort.  Also, the flat has a kitchen and a bathroom. Bienvenid@s! Estoy alquilando mi quarto en un piso compartido con mi majisima amiga. En mi piso hay cama doble, un salon asi que todo el conforte que puedan necesitar.  Tambien el piso tiene cozina equipada y casa de bano. Metro le plus proche ledru rolin, 3min ( ligne 8) ou  Bastille à 5min (ligne 1, 5, 8) Closest metro: Ledru rolin,3min,( Line 8) or Bastille at 5min( Line 1,2,8) Metro mas cercano:  Ledru rolin,3min,( Linea 8) or Bastille at 5min( Linea 1,2,8) Je serai principalement sur Paris, appelez moi quand vous voulez! I will be in Paris most of the time, call at anytime!  Estaré en Paris casi to
28361	Placé au coeur du quartier Roquette, appartement cosy et propre, possibilité de déjeuner dehors, commerces de proximité, je mets à la disposition des routards et des routardes, un bon esprit et mon canapé convertible. Possibilité d'utiliser mon équipement pour la musique, la TV et Internet + téléphone.	Bonjour ! Mon studio de 25 m2 est au calme sur une cour pavée où il est possible de prendre le petit déjeuner, lire un livre, fumer des clopes... au soleil et au son des cloches, des oiseaux. J'ai un convertible  deux places très confortable un gentil chat. Douche/WIFi/Lessive Placé au coeur du quartier Roquette, appartement cosy et propre, possibilité de déjeuner dehors, commerces de proximité, je mets à la disposition des routards et des routardes, un bon esprit et mon canapé convertible. Possibilité d'utiliser mon équipement pour la musique, la TV et Internet + téléphone. - SDB avec douche  - Odinateur Mac + internet - Téléphone fixe - Machine à laver + sèche linge - Cour partagée avec d'autres voisins Oui on parle de tout et de rien... Ça veut dire que vous partagez mon quotidien de free-lance. Je travaille la plupart du temps à la maison et je  cherche à rencontrer des gens avec qui je peux discuter et faire découvrir mon quartier qui est celui que j'habite depuis 10 ans. - le côt
28362		Metro station père lachaise with lines 2 and 3 is 50 from the door, an bus to the luvre starts just in front of the house
28363	L’appartement Bastille, situé à 15 minutes à pied de la zone du Marais et de la Bastille, vous permet d’accéder facilement au cœur historique de Paris en vous promenant. Votre lieu de séjour se situe également à quelques minutes de la Place de bastille t du quartier Oberkampf, dont les cafés et les restaurants sont très appréciés par les parisiens branchés.Enfin, l’excellente desserte de l’appartement par les lignes de métro n°9 (station Charonne ), vous permet de rejoindre t les gares de l’Est et du Nord, les Galeries Lafayette, les Champs Elysées et les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement:Belle rénovation aux couleurs modernes pour cet appartement situé au 2 er étage (avec ascenseur) et donnant sur la cour intérieure arborée et très calme d’un immeuble contemporain. Le hall d’entrée distribue sur une salle de bain dotée d’une baignoire ainsi que sur la pièce principale et la chambre .Le séjour est équipé d’un canapé  lit double (140 cm, 2 couchages) ainsi que	Dans une résidence arborée  très calme , cet appartement refait à neuf décoré avec gout vous offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer une agréable séjour a paris . L’appartement Bastille, situé à 15 minutes à pied de la zone du Marais et de la Bastille, vous permet d’accéder facilement au cœur historique de Paris en vous promenant. Votre lieu de séjour se situe également à quelques minutes de la Place de bastille t du quartier Oberkampf, dont les cafés et les restaurants sont très appréciés par les parisiens branchés.Enfin, l’excellente desserte de l’appartement par les lignes de métro n°9 (station Charonne ), vous permet de rejoindre t les gares de l’Est et du Nord, les Galeries Lafayette, les Champs Elysées et les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement:Belle rénovation aux couleurs modernes pour cet appartement situé au 2 er étage (avec ascenseur) et donnant sur la cour intérieure arborée et très calme d’un immeuble contemporain. Le hall d’entrée distribue s
28364	Small flat super well equipped, perfect for a couple staying in Paris for a few days.	Small studio with kitchenette and bathroom, good location 5 minutes from the Bastille and 2 minutes from Voltaire Metro. Very convenient to visit Paris and being very close to downtown and the historic districts. Small flat super well equipped, perfect for a couple staying in Paris for a few days. 2 minutes from Voltaire Subway Ligne 9 6 minutes from Bastille subway Ligne 1, 5 et 8.
28365	Superb and very parisian apartment, bright, large, quiet and cosy, though in the most lively area of Paris.  The best of both worlds. We normally use it for ourselves, and from time to time, we're happy to host some guests.  ARCHITECTURE/STYLE: The architecture is typically haussmannian, with wooden floors, marble fireplaces, high stucco ceilings and open perspectives. The furnitures are a mix of contemporary design and vintage pieces. THE FLAT COUNTS WITH: - entrance hall, with many closets - a fully equipped kitchen (oven, gas stove, microwave, freezer, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, utensils, washing machine, dishwasher, etc.) - a bathroom with italian tiles, separate shower and bath - separate toilets - bedroom #1 with queen size bed, marble fireplace, many closets - bedroom #2 with 3 singles or 1 king + 1 single - 2 living rooms, one of them can be converted into a bedroom #3 with a double airbed or with the single beds from BR#2 - Comfy couch, flatscreen tv, rug, dining area, mar	Superb and very parisian apartment, bright, large, quiet and cosy, though in the most lively area of Paris.  The best of both worlds. We normally use it for ourselves, and from time to time, we're happy to host some guests.  ARCHITECTURE/STYLE: The architecture is typically haussmannian, with wooden floors, marble fireplaces, high stucco ceilings and open perspectives. The furnitures are a mix of contemporary design and vintage pieces. THE FLAT COUNTS WITH: - entrance hall, with many closets - a fully equipped kitchen (oven, gas stove, microwave, freezer, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, utensils, washing machine, dishwasher, etc.) - a bathroom with italian tiles, separate shower and bath - separate toilets - bedroom #1 with queen size bed, marble fireplace, many closets - bedroom #2 with 3 singles or 1 king + 1 single - 2 living rooms, one of them can be converted into a bedroom #3 with a double airbed or with the single beds from BR#2 - Comfy couch, flatscreen tv, rug, dining area, mar
28366	Ce joli appartement de 27m² est situé au 2ème étage en fond de cours où vous trouverez la tranquillité après une longue journée à découvrir Paris. La cuisine est entièrement équipée d'une plaque vitro-céramique, frigo, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle , lave linge, vaisselle,ustensiles, cafetière, bouilloire et grille-pain. L'espace vie est muni d'un canapé convertible , table basse, une table, 4 chaises  et télévision. La chambre à coucher est munie d'un lit en 140 X 200cm. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, WC. 	Ce joli appartement de 27m² est situé au 2ème étage en fond de cours où vous trouverez la tranquillité après une longue journée à découvrir Paris. La cuisine est entièrement équipée d'une plaque vitro-céramique, frigo, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle , lave linge, vaisselle,ustensiles, cafetière, bouilloire et grille-pain. L'espace vie est muni d'un canapé convertible , table basse, une table, 4 chaises  et télévision. La chambre à coucher est munie d'un lit en 140 X 200cm. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, WC. Vous avez accès à toute l'appartement. Vous pouvez avec moi ou mon responsable avant et pendant votre séjour. A proximité la station de métro République dé servant ligne 3,5,8,9et 11. Ligne direct de soit Gare du Nord et de l'Est. Depuis Gare de Lyon bus ligne 65 Interdit de fumer! L'appartement est complètement privatif. En provenance des Aéroports : ORLY : Prendre la navette Orlyval jusqu’à ANTONY puis le RER B jusqu'à la GARE DU NORD. Charles De Gaulle : Prendre le RER B jusq
28367	Bright, sunny, clean, quiet room available in a typical parisian style apartment building, located on the  5th floor, with an elevator and door code for added security.  This charming room faces a courtyard with an iconic rooftop view of paris, located between the Place de Bastille  and the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, 15 minutes walking distance to the spectacular Place des Vosges with all its art galleries and shops and the lively hip marais district.  This typical parisian neighborhood is a bustle of activity, with many restaurants and bars nearby, not to mention every shopping need is at your fingertips, just a stroll away from rue de la Roquette, the location couldn't be better.  Centrally located and convenient to all major transportation lines, metro line 9' station Voltaire, direct to the Champs Elysées, the Trocadero/Eiffel Tower, and the Grands Boulevards. bus lines  46, 56, 61 and 69 plus a taxi station just 2 minutes away, and if you feel like biking around paris (which i	Bright, sunny, clean, quiet room available in a typical parisian style apartment building, located on the  5th floor, with an elevator and door code for added security.  This charming room faces a courtyard with an iconic rooftop view of paris, located between the Place de Bastille  and the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, 15 minutes walking distance to the spectacular Place des Vosges with all its art galleries and shops and the lively hip marais district.  This typical parisian neighborhood is a bustle of activity, with many restaurants and bars nearby, not to mention every shopping need is at your fingertips, just a stroll away from rue de la Roquette, the location couldn't be better.  Centrally located and convenient to all major transportation lines, metro line 9' station Voltaire, direct to the Champs Elysées, the Trocadero/Eiffel Tower, and the Grands Boulevards. bus lines  46, 56, 61 and 69 plus a taxi station just 2 minutes away, and if you feel like biking around paris (which i
28368	Our studio (21m2) with private terrace which is arranged to accommodate you and make you feel immediately at home. Notre studio de 21m2 avec terrasse privée dont l'espace est agencé pour vous accueillir et pour que vous vous sentiez immédiatement chez vous. Nuestro estudio de 21m2 con terraza privada. Un espacio arreglado para recibir os y que os sentéis inmediatamente en casa.	Studio in the lively heart of Paris. The apartment is quiet with kitchen and bathroom. Ideal to visit for two people. Studio au coeur de Paris, contraste entre rue animée et calme de l'appartement. Cuisine équipée et salle de bain avec douche tout confort.  Idéal pour visiter Paris à deux. Our studio (21m2) with private terrace which is arranged to accommodate you and make you feel immediately at home. Notre studio de 21m2 avec terrasse privée dont l'espace est agencé pour vous accueillir et pour que vous vous sentiez immédiatement chez vous. Nuestro estudio de 21m2 con terraza privada. Un espacio arreglado para recibir os y que os sentéis inmediatamente en casa. Access is completely free and all in the apartment is available to you. You can enjoy a pleasant and relaxing interior space, a bathroom with a large shower, a terrace with a table and the whole place to store your luggages. L'accès est totalement libre et tout ce qui se trouve dans l'appartement est là pour vous : Vous pourre
28369	Cozy, quiet studio with view onto its own private, planted terrace. Located in downtown Paris in the 11th arrondissement all Paris is easily accessible by metro (Ménilmontant, Père Lachaise, St Maur stations), bus (96, 69 lines), bicycle (Velib) or walking.  + Nearby tourist sites are Père Lachaise Cemetery (Jim Morrison!), Bastille, trendy Oberkampf (100+ restaurants/bars within a 15 minute walk).  + Studio has view on its own garden with table/chairs for outdoor picnic with light and electric plug for your computer. Light proof curtains if you just flew in from Oz :) + Well equipped kitchen with fridge/freezer, microwave, induction hob and extraction fan, toaster, boiler, expresso maker, ample storage, lots of food to get you started and a Franprix market a 3 minute walk.   + Tiled bathroom with large walk-in shower and good pressure.  + Real bed, not foldout, very comfortable with good reading lights. Large closet with safe. Even Better... + FREE TELEPHONING to over a hundred countr	Cozy, quiet studio with view onto its own private, planted terrace. Located in downtown Paris in the 11th arrondissement all Paris is easily accessible by metro (Ménilmontant, Père Lachaise, St Maur stations), bus (96, 69 lines), bicycle (Velib) or walking.  + Nearby tourist sites are Père Lachaise Cemetery (Jim Morrison!), Bastille, trendy Oberkampf (100+ restaurants/bars within a 15 minute walk).  + Studio has view on its own garden with table/chairs for outdoor picnic with light and electric plug for your computer. Light proof curtains if you just flew in from Oz :) + Well equipped kitchen with fridge/freezer, microwave, induction hob and extraction fan, toaster, boiler, expresso maker, ample storage, lots of food to get you started and a Franprix market a 3 minute walk.   + Tiled bathroom with large walk-in shower and good pressure.  + Real bed, not foldout, very comfortable with good reading lights. Large closet with safe. Even Better... + FREE TELEPHONING to over a hundred countr
28370	Located in the heart of the 11th district of Paris, my 37m² appartment (that will soon be yours) is located at the 5th floor in a very pleasant neighborhood The apartment is luminous thanks to two large windows giving access to a nice little balcony. The apartment is compsed of 2 large rooms, a kitchen and a small bathroom: - A large living room with a sofa / bed (2 people), flat screen TV, a small  table. You will aslo find all the necessary to listen music (audio speakers) and connect to the WIFI. - A separate kitchen with everything needed to make delicious dishes, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, cooktop, toaster, kettle, a Nespresso machine and all the classic kitchenware. - A spacious room with a big window giving access to the Balcony and with a very confortable double bed! Finally, the bathroom is small but functional and has a washing machine. I provide towels and sheets.  there is no hair dryer.	In the heart of the 11th district, this beautiful apartment on the 5th floor is very bright and will be the perfect HQ to visit Paris! Located in the heart of the 11th district of Paris, my 37m² appartment (that will soon be yours) is located at the 5th floor in a very pleasant neighborhood The apartment is luminous thanks to two large windows giving access to a nice little balcony. The apartment is compsed of 2 large rooms, a kitchen and a small bathroom: - A large living room with a sofa / bed (2 people), flat screen TV, a small  table. You will aslo find all the necessary to listen music (audio speakers) and connect to the WIFI. - A separate kitchen with everything needed to make delicious dishes, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, cooktop, toaster, kettle, a Nespresso machine and all the classic kitchenware. - A spacious room with a big window giving access to the Balcony and with a very confortable double bed! Finally, the bathroom is small but functional and has a washing machine.
28371	The apartment itself has just been renovated, it fits 2 people, and include all the modern amenities:  -Fully equipped kitchen  -Washing machine  -Wifi connection  -Towels and linen -Bathroom with hairdryer and a large shower -Toilet separate from bathroom It is located on the 1st floor, with a lift. 	arty flat,  28 sq meters in center of Paris, near Canal Saint-Martin & Oberkampf. Large room. Fully equipped with large kitchen & bathroom. Quiet. Perfect for neo-bistrot lovers and young couples looking for a quick way to be in the center. The apartment itself has just been renovated, it fits 2 people, and include all the modern amenities:  -Fully equipped kitchen  -Washing machine  -Wifi connection  -Towels and linen -Bathroom with hairdryer and a large shower -Toilet separate from bathroom It is located on the 1st floor, with a lift. Guest have direct access to the kitchen, bathroom with separated toilets.  Internet wifi is available The apartment has a full kitchen equipped with fridge, fan, coffee machine, tea, basic cooking utensils, and basic spices. I would be very happy to help if you have any questions!  The flat is central to all public transports, and walkable distance to city center to the Marais. The area is safe, residential and a very well connected to all touristic loc
28372	For comfort and convenience reasons, I rent the room only to women. Thank you for understanding. It’s a beautiful newly renovated one bedroom apartment, it’s located in the 3th floor with no escalators, but it’s really easy to get up cause the stairs are not very high. There is a one bedroom that you will be staying in, one bathroom that you will be shared with me, a living room where you can relax and an open kitchen full of equipment. I will be sleeping in the living room while you are having the room, there is a sofa thau turns into bed, and I usually out all the day for work, so you will not be bothered at all if I am here. There is storage space in the room, in the living room and in the bathroom so you can put your things and feel just like home :) The apartment is clean, bright and very comfortable. It’s located in the 11th district, very close to Bastille (5 minutes walking to Bastille place with the tower), right in the very famous street “Faubourg Saint Antoine”, stocked with	A cozy clean and a comfortable room to relax after a long walk discovering Paris! For convenience and for comfort, I rent the room for women only. For comfort and convenience reasons, I rent the room only to women. Thank you for understanding. It’s a beautiful newly renovated one bedroom apartment, it’s located in the 3th floor with no escalators, but it’s really easy to get up cause the stairs are not very high. There is a one bedroom that you will be staying in, one bathroom that you will be shared with me, a living room where you can relax and an open kitchen full of equipment. I will be sleeping in the living room while you are having the room, there is a sofa thau turns into bed, and I usually out all the day for work, so you will not be bothered at all if I am here. There is storage space in the room, in the living room and in the bathroom so you can put your things and feel just like home :) The apartment is clean, bright and very comfortable. It’s located in the 11th district, 
28373	Idéalement situé et calme, ce studio vous permet de profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris.	Ce studio lumineux a l'avantage d'être à la fois situé dans un quartier animé (Ménimontant, Oberkampf, Saint Maur) et de rester un hébergement calme puisqu'il donne sur une petite cour pavée.  Le quartier regorge de bars et restaurants sympas. Idéalement situé et calme, ce studio vous permet de profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. Je suis née à Paris et adore cette ville, j'ai donc le souhait d'en faire profiter le plus possible aux différents visiteurs en prenant soin de leur communiquer toutes les informations nécessaires à leur bien-être chez moi et hors les murs! Le jour: vie de quartier très agréable, avec petits commerçants et un grand supermarché tous proches, pour les cinéphiles, super vidéo club à 2min, cinémas à 3 stations de métro, pour les gourmands, nombreux restaurants (indien juste en face, japonais, africain, fondue savoyarde...), épiceries fines italiennes et libanaises, très belle boulangerie ... ,  Le soir: quartier très animé, réputé pour les nombreux bars d
28374	My apartment is a charming 500 sq ft on the 6th floor (no elevator ;-) in an ancient building from the late XIXth century with one bedroom with a regular bed and a futon sofa-bed in the living-room.  It's very central (1 minute from  subway station), right above the Canal St Martin (where the Movies 'Hotel du Nord' or 'Amelie Poulain' takes place)   is one of the two biggest subway station in Paris: from here you'll be able to reach all the important places with metro or busses without transit. (you'll be 15' walk from the very historic center Ile de la cité and 5' from le marais) here's a map of the close neighborhood :  (website hidden)(phone number hidden)&spn(phone number hidden)&z=16  The flat has a washing-machine, dish washer, WIFI, expresso machine, freezer (in other word everything you need to live there ;-) I'm often down at the third floor, and would be delighted to insure you the best advices (places, bar, restaurants) during your stay! (there's a couple of amazing ones all	My apartment is a charming 500 sq ft on the 6th floor (no elevator ;-) in an ancient building from the late XIXth century with one bedroom with a regular bed and a futon sofa-bed in the living-room.  It's very central (1 minute from  subway station), right above the Canal St Martin (where the Movies 'Hotel du Nord' or 'Amelie Poulain' takes place)   is one of the two biggest subway station in Paris: from here you'll be able to reach all the important places with metro or busses without transit. (you'll be 15' walk from the very historic center Ile de la cité and 5' from le marais) here's a map of the close neighborhood :  (website hidden)(phone number hidden)&spn(phone number hidden)&z=16  The flat has a washing-machine, dish washer, WIFI, expresso machine, freezer (in other word everything you need to live there ;-) I'm often down at the third floor, and would be delighted to insure you the best advices (places, bar, restaurants) during your stay! (there's a couple of amazing ones all
28375		situé entre les places de la Nation, de la République et de la Bastille. Accueillant et douillet ! Chambre pour deux personnes Métro : ligne 9
28376	Luxurious 2-floor apartment. This unique and gorgeous flat is the creation of a gifted contemporary designer. The concept makes optimal use of the available space while creating a soothing, meditative atmosphere. Spend the night here, and wake up feeling calm, confident and inspired to make the best of your stay!	This luxurious duplex completely renovated and decorated by a contemporary artist, will be perfect for your stay in Paris. Luxurious 2-floor apartment. This unique and gorgeous flat is the creation of a gifted contemporary designer. The concept makes optimal use of the available space while creating a soothing, meditative atmosphere. Spend the night here, and wake up feeling calm, confident and inspired to make the best of your stay! Free Wifi access available Clean Linens and towels provided Basic cleaning products, shower gel and shampoo Always available for my guests The 11th arrondissement of Paris is a trendy, ethnically diverse area popular with students and the featuring an absolute plethera of hip cafes and bars and quirky shops. This area is known for its nightlife! It is also home to sights/destinations such as the Place de la Bastille, Cirque d'Hiver, Edith Piaf Musem and the Maison des Métallos (former metalworking shop converted into arts and cultural center). Metro Bus Ta
28377	"2 bedroom flat located in the center of Paris, between the Marais and the Canal Saint-Martin. Ideal for a stay in Paris for a couple or a one-child familly. The flat has :  - one bedroom for a couple - one bedroom for a kid - a bathroom - separated toilets - a big room including the living room and a fully equiped American kitchen The flat is wi-fi connected. The location is 5 minutes walk from the hype and gay Marais neighborhood, from Canal Saint-Martin, from Market ""des enfants rouges"", from Bastille and Republique."	"2 bedroom flat located in the center of Paris, between the Marais and the Canal Saint-Martin. Ideal for a stay in Paris for a couple or a one-child familly. The flat has :  - one bedroom for a couple - one bedroom for a kid - a bathroom - separated toilets - a big room including the living room and a fully equiped American kitchen The flat is wi-fi connected. The location is 5 minutes walk from the hype and gay Marais neighborhood, from Canal Saint-Martin, from Market ""des enfants rouges"", from Bastille and Republique."
28378	Situé dans une rue très calme du 11 ème arrondissement, cet appartement offre tout le confort nécessaire à un séjour agréable au coeur des quartiers branchés de Paris. .  	Mini loft de 25 m2 sur deux niveaux en pierre apparentes, cosy et atypique. Petit cocon pour 2 personnes très central et situé dans une rue très calme à 2 minutes du métro Père-lachaise, proche des quartiers branchés de Bastille et Ménilmontant. Situé dans une rue très calme du 11 ème arrondissement, cet appartement offre tout le confort nécessaire à un séjour agréable au coeur des quartiers branchés de Paris. . L'appartement se situe au rdc et est sans vis à vis, offrant une jolie vue sur l'église. Habitant dans la capitale, je remettrai en personne les clés du logement, pouvant ainsi les informer sur les choses à voir au alentours et les restaurants du quartiers À proximité du quartier de Charonne et d'oberkampf vous trouverez à proximité les meilleurs bars et restaurants de l'Est parisien Très bien desservi par le métro. Arrêt Père-Lachaise ligne 2 et 3 ou Voltaire ligne 9.
28379	The flat is a small (25m²) but pleasant and convenient to discover Paris. It's perfect for a couple : a wide space divided into a bedroom and a nice kitchen/living room. It's fully furnished and equiped.  The flat is composed with:  - A cosy living room with a kitchen (refrigerator, oven microwaves), a nice fireplace and a couch  - A large bedroom (with a desk, cable TV and a king size bed)  - A small bathroom (shower)  - A WC separated You can use the washing machine and free high-speed wireless internet access. Linens, towels and kitchen ustensiles are provided. Being very well located, the flat remains quiet because it does not overlook the street. It faces a little square and a park.	Nice and clean appartment in Paris, near Place de la Nation.  Very accessible (Métro L1, 2, 6, 9 + RER A) Quiet and bright, facing a little park. The flat is a small (25m²) but pleasant and convenient to discover Paris. It's perfect for a couple : a wide space divided into a bedroom and a nice kitchen/living room. It's fully furnished and equiped.  The flat is composed with:  - A cosy living room with a kitchen (refrigerator, oven microwaves), a nice fireplace and a couch  - A large bedroom (with a desk, cable TV and a king size bed)  - A small bathroom (shower)  - A WC separated You can use the washing machine and free high-speed wireless internet access. Linens, towels and kitchen ustensiles are provided. Being very well located, the flat remains quiet because it does not overlook the street. It faces a little square and a park. The whole appartment is yours ;) You can contact me by email anytime. I'll help you prepare your trip and your stay. The neighborhood is very active and tren
28380	Open outlook, great intimacy and a lot of light in the whole apartment, all day long. Lovely terrace with a table and two chairs for a meal with sight over the roofs of Paris. Secure building with an elevator. 1 bedroom with a double bed (160x200 cm) Fully equiped kitchen (microwave, oven,  fridge, freezer, washing machine, dishwasher). Wifi available. Bathroom with a bathtub, towel dryer, view on the parisien roofs from the bathtub. All windows all double glazed, so the apartment is always warm and quiet. This is extremely important in Paris, as many apartments in old buildings do not have double glazed windows and are therefore noisy and sometimes even cold. Included services: - Bed linen and towels - Homemade jams and breakfast stuff (tea from Kusmi/Mariage frères...) - Useful adresses + restaurants nearby the apartment. Welcome to Paris!	Beautiful loft (45m2) with small terrasse and beautiful views, tastefully decorated by an architect, located at the top floor of a typically Parisian building Open outlook, great intimacy and a lot of light in the whole apartment, all day long. Lovely terrace with a table and two chairs for a meal with sight over the roofs of Paris. Secure building with an elevator. 1 bedroom with a double bed (160x200 cm) Fully equiped kitchen (microwave, oven,  fridge, freezer, washing machine, dishwasher). Wifi available. Bathroom with a bathtub, towel dryer, view on the parisien roofs from the bathtub. All windows all double glazed, so the apartment is always warm and quiet. This is extremely important in Paris, as many apartments in old buildings do not have double glazed windows and are therefore noisy and sometimes even cold. Included services: - Bed linen and towels - Homemade jams and breakfast stuff (tea from Kusmi/Mariage frères...) - Useful adresses + restaurants nearby the apartment. Welco
28381	Expansive living room with dining area and angle sofa ; opening on a quiet inner courtyard and with full sun exposure. The kitchen is fully equipped: oven, microwave, dishwasher, induction cooking range, fridge, freezer, washing machine with complete kitchen equipment. Bedroom with a double bed (1.4m x 1.9m), chest of drawers and built in closet. Modern bathroom with Italian-shower, wash basin and toilet. 	"A 38 m2 apartment on the 4th floor without a lift but with comfortable staircase with one bed room with living cum dining room apartment completely renovated in an elegant and minimalistic style.     Expansive living room with dining area and angle sofa ; opening on a quiet inner courtyard and with full sun exposure. The kitchen is fully equipped: oven, microwave, dishwasher, induction cooking range, fridge, freezer, washing machine with complete kitchen equipment. Bedroom with a double bed (1.4m x 1.9m), chest of drawers and built in closet. Modern bathroom with Italian-shower, wash basin and toilet. Located at 5 minutes walking distance from Place de la Republique with numerous shops, restaurants and other amenities.  Very close to:  Canal Saint Martin, le Marais, Bastille, Oberkampf, Ménilmontant, le Cimetière du Père Lachaise, Belleville…  Métro: République: Ligne 3 – 5 – 8 – 9 -11  A ""Velib"" stand is located next to the building entry "
28382	Location	At Place De La Republique, this beautiful and small flat is perfect to visit the heart of Paris by walk.  All equipped.
28383	Nice balcony to enjoy your breakfast in the morning, parquet, decorative fireplace	Nice 15m2 room in a (40m2) 2 rooms flat (plus a kitchen, a bathroom and WC), in the 11th arrondissement of Paris (1min Metro Voltaire). The second room is occupied by me, let's be roommate for a moment or just neighbor if you need some quiet. :) Nice balcony to enjoy your breakfast in the morning, parquet, decorative fireplace You can access my roommate's room (he is leaving for a month) and of course the kitchen, bathroom and WC If you need to know where to find the best places, restaurants or bars (11th arrondissement is famous for being full of cool ones) in Paris, it would be my pleasure to show you my favorites ! Metro Voltaire (1min), Pere Lachaise (10min), Philippe August (7min). A lot of buses and Velib (The Paris bike).
28384	L'appartement est composé de : 1 Salon 3 Chambres (fenêtres double vitrages afin de ne pas être déranger par la circulation) 1 Cuisine séparée 1 Salle de bain + 1 WC 1 WC séparé Il est idéalement placé dans un quartier agréable à proximité de commerces,bars, restaurants. De plus, nous avons accès à pied aux métros Ligne 3 (Père Lachaise), Ligne 2 (Philippe Auguste) ou Ligne 9 (Voltaire). J'essayerais toujours de vous répondre dans les plus brefs délais et je vous accueillerai avec plaisir dans mon appartement. Bonne recherche. Matthieu 	Nous louons notre appartement de 100 m2 à deux pas du cimetière Père Lachaise dans le 11ème arrondissement. L'appartement est composé de : 1 Salon 3 Chambres (fenêtres double vitrages afin de ne pas être déranger par la circulation) 1 Cuisine séparée 1 Salle de bain + 1 WC 1 WC séparé Il est idéalement placé dans un quartier agréable à proximité de commerces,bars, restaurants. De plus, nous avons accès à pied aux métros Ligne 3 (Père Lachaise), Ligne 2 (Philippe Auguste) ou Ligne 9 (Voltaire). J'essayerais toujours de vous répondre dans les plus brefs délais et je vous accueillerai avec plaisir dans mon appartement. Bonne recherche. Matthieu Wifi Machine à laver Cuisine Métro Ligne 2 (Philippe Auguste) Métro Ligne 3 (Père Lachaise) Métro Ligne 9 (Voltaire)
28385		Je mets à disposition une chambre avec un lit double dans mon appartement.
28386		tres belle chambre tres confortable dans un appartement en plein Paris dans le 11e arrondissement
28387	Décoration design	We offer you a room with a bed for two in a calm and new apartment. It is in walking distance from bastille and république and close to line 9 métro Voltaire. I will be here to welcome you and speak english and french. Bienvenue !
28388	The apartment has a large living room with a kitchen were you can spend lovely moments. Your room is simple and well equipped.  The apt is 2 minutes walking from the Reuilly Diderot subway station (lignes 1 and 8) and 5 minutes walking from Nation subway station (lignes 1,2,9 and RER A). A Velib station is also present near the street. Tricks and tips :  - safe and nice living neigborhood. Places I often go : Le Bidule bar, Chez Prosper restaurant , one of the biggest outdoor market in Paris - marché Aligre. - 10 minutes on foot from Bastille and Charonne, two of the most animated quartiers of Paris    - airport shuttle for Charles de Gaulle airport at 10 min walking ( Nation place) - direct subway line from Porte Maillot bus shuttle ( 30 min) for the persons coming from the Beauvais airport.  I live in the apartment with my girlfriend, in a separate room (the 3rd room). A bientot sur Paris !	The room is in a very spacious 3 pieces apartement (65m2) in 12eme district. It's very easy to join the touristic places : centre town Chatelet (10 min), Louvre (15 minutes), Montmartre (25 min), Eiffel Tour (30 min), Champs-Elysées (25 min). The apartment has a large living room with a kitchen were you can spend lovely moments. Your room is simple and well equipped.  The apt is 2 minutes walking from the Reuilly Diderot subway station (lignes 1 and 8) and 5 minutes walking from Nation subway station (lignes 1,2,9 and RER A). A Velib station is also present near the street. Tricks and tips :  - safe and nice living neigborhood. Places I often go : Le Bidule bar, Chez Prosper restaurant , one of the biggest outdoor market in Paris - marché Aligre. - 10 minutes on foot from Bastille and Charonne, two of the most animated quartiers of Paris    - airport shuttle for Charles de Gaulle airport at 10 min walking ( Nation place) - direct subway line from Porte Maillot bus shuttle ( 30 min) for
28389	Old artist and charming place with wooden structure, wooden floor. Access to kitchen with traditional and mocrowaves ovens, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine	Bed room in typical Paris apartment with woodfloor and blacony. Nice area close to metro with direct access to Eiffel tower with line 9. A lot of restaurant around. Towels and bed sheets.  Free wifi access. We are living in the flat. Old artist and charming place with wooden structure, wooden floor. Access to kitchen with traditional and mocrowaves ovens, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine Bathroom with towels Free wifi access Possibility to have dinner and night out together. We speak English Line 9 direct to Eiffel Tower and Grand Boulevards Line 9 and 4 to city center or Bus 76 to city center
28390	Cet appartement est très sympathique, il a été aménagé de manière assez original. En effet chaque pièce est arrangé à la fois comme une chambre et un salon. Les deux pièces possèdent un lit double et une télé ainsi qu'une table.	Appartement privée comprenant deux pièces indépendantes, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain (douche et WC). Les deux pièces possèdent chacune une télévision et un lit double. La surface de l'appartement est de 37m2. Cet appartement est très sympathique, il a été aménagé de manière assez original. En effet chaque pièce est arrangé à la fois comme une chambre et un salon. Les deux pièces possèdent un lit double et une télé ainsi qu'une table. l'appartement est situé en plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement au pied du cimetière du père Lachaise. La place de la bastille est à 5 minutes à pieds. Je suis sur Paris et me tiens à disposition des voyageurs lorsque mes horaires de travail me le permette. Le quartier est un quartier jeune et vivant. Il y a plein de petit restaurant sympas et pas trop chère. Egalement des bars pour tout les styles (boire un verre au calme ou faire la fête).  Accès simple à la ligne 9 via Voltaire ou à la ligne 2 via Phillipe Auguste. Ces deux lignes traverses tout
28391	the apartment provides you with a large and sunny living room, with a comfortable two-person bed in the dedicated mezzanine, a bathroom and a kitchen to enable home cooking (several grocery stores around the blocks, some open till 11pm) with its own wine cave (what else to taste some fine wines ?)    Very central, comfortable, lively yet quiet (no direct neighbour, quiet courtyard) this apartment is perfectly located to effortlessly and fully enjoy the Parisian experience. o   34m² clean, cosy and quiet French apartment close to the lively upper Marais district.	Located between Republique, Le marais, place des vosges and Bastille. This very comfy and charming appartment will be perfect for a parisian experience. 
28392	A comfortable private room with double bed in this charming apartment which is in the centre of Paris -- only a short walk away from the Bastille. The 36m2 apartment is fully equipped with a separate and spacious kitchen, separate shower and toilet, which we share. There is a washer and dryer, Free Internet and cable television with several English-language channels. Large windows overlook a small street with several lively cafes a stones throw a way in this vibrant neighbourhood. Less than 50 metres away is Metro Line 8 which will quickly connect you to the rest of this gorgeous city. The apartment is also one metro stop, or about one kilometres walk/cycle, from the Gare de Lyon train station for those wishing to escape to the intoxicating south of France or elsewhere! In an adjacent street you have a large supermarket, and the apartment is not far from a lovely boulevard full of bakeries, butcheries, clothes shops, restaurants -- French, Greek, Indian, Italian, Moroccan take your pic	Share a charming space in the heart of Paris, with me and my delightful cat, in a vibrant area only a few metro stops away from the main tourist sights. A simple breakfast is provided and tea and coffee is at your disposal. A comfortable private room with double bed in this charming apartment which is in the centre of Paris -- only a short walk away from the Bastille. The 36m2 apartment is fully equipped with a separate and spacious kitchen, separate shower and toilet, which we share. There is a washer and dryer, Free Internet and cable television with several English-language channels. Large windows overlook a small street with several lively cafes a stones throw a way in this vibrant neighbourhood. Less than 50 metres away is Metro Line 8 which will quickly connect you to the rest of this gorgeous city. The apartment is also one metro stop, or about one kilometres walk/cycle, from the Gare de Lyon train station for those wishing to escape to the intoxicating south of France or elsewh
28393	"Little loft Design Duplex in a quiet and equipped with every comfort. Modern & clean. The appartement is situed in ground floor, at the bottom of a court. In a secure building, quiet, you will feel in perfect independence. For sleeping you profit from a comfortable bed of 1.60m (wide) ; and a sofa bed of 1.40m (wide). The bathroom has a large (website hidden) friendly, open to the living. The bed linen is provided,  bed linen and towels. The apartment is ideally located for tourists, to exit the metro Voltaire (ligne9) serving the Champs Elysees, the department stores, the Eiffel Tower ... and 10 'walk from the Marais through the ""Place de la Bastille"", the Opéra and Quais de Seine ( île St Louis) ... with its many bars, shops and restaurants. (I'll give you my good plans with pleasure) The place ""Léon Blum"" (output Metro), you also have a taxi and several bus lines to go and visits during your stay. You have all the shops in the popular ""rue de la roquette""."	"Little loft Design Duplex in a quiet and equipped with every comfort. Modern & clean. Little loft Design Duplex in a quiet and equipped with every comfort. Modern & clean. The appartement is situed in ground floor, at the bottom of a court. In a secure building, quiet, you will feel in perfect independence. For sleeping you profit from a comfortable bed of 1.60m (wide) ; and a sofa bed of 1.40m (wide). The bathroom has a large (website hidden) friendly, open to the living. The bed linen is provided,  bed linen and towels. The apartment is ideally located for tourists, to exit the metro Voltaire (ligne9) serving the Champs Elysees, the department stores, the Eiffel Tower ... and 10 'walk from the Marais through the ""Place de la Bastille"", the Opéra and Quais de Seine ( île St Louis) ... with its many bars, shops and restaurants. (I'll give you my good plans with pleasure) The place ""Léon Blum"" (output Metro), you also have a taxi and several bus lines to go and visits during your stay. "
28394	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue Oberkampf est l’un des plus animés de la capitale. Un véritable parcours vous attend du bas de la rue située au pied du Bataclan jusqu’en haut, au métro Ménilmontant. 
28395	You are welcome to this converted artist’s studio you will find a warm, cosy and slightly anachronistic atmosphere.  The 60m2 apartment is sheltered from the noise of the street and surrounded by other workshops, and looks out onto an internal patio. In the entrance you will come to a small hallway of 10m2 and a U-shaped open-plan kitchen. From here you will move into the 20m2 living room where you will find a sofa-bed (190cm x 120cm), a music system, a television and a DVD player. The bathroom has a shower and a bath. The bedroom is located in the attic space and features a double bed (190cm x 140cm), as well as a children’s bed. The office area features a Mac Mini that includes a wireless internet connection.  The entrance hall and living room feature high ceilings (4.5m) and look out onto the patio which you can contemplate through the apartment’s large windows. The property has parquet flooring, and the walls, both in the kitchen and the hallway, are made from stone. A spiral stair	You are welcome in this old ceramic painting studio, a little anachronistic, protected from the busy streets all around. A little out of time , you will nevertheless enjoy the modern comfort and the lively surroundings !  You are welcome to this converted artist’s studio you will find a warm, cosy and slightly anachronistic atmosphere.  The 60m2 apartment is sheltered from the noise of the street and surrounded by other workshops, and looks out onto an internal patio. In the entrance you will come to a small hallway of 10m2 and a U-shaped open-plan kitchen. From here you will move into the 20m2 living room where you will find a sofa-bed (190cm x 120cm), a music system, a television and a DVD player. The bathroom has a shower and a bath. The bedroom is located in the attic space and features a double bed (190cm x 140cm), as well as a children’s bed. The office area features a Mac Mini that includes a wireless internet connection.  The entrance hall and living room feature high ceilings 
28396	We hope that you will feel relaxed and welcome in our apartment. Our super comfortable sofa bed was purchased in September 2014 and is complete with pillows and warm blankets. If the room becomes too cold a personal heater is available for your use.	Our warm and welcoming apartment, located in  the world's 6th coolest neighbourhood (according to Vogue!) is the exact place you will want to stay while discovering the life and vibrancy of Paris! Less than two minutes away from the main metro lines We hope that you will feel relaxed and welcome in our apartment. Our super comfortable sofa bed was purchased in September 2014 and is complete with pillows and warm blankets. If the room becomes too cold a personal heater is available for your use. We hope that you will enjoy our fully equipped kitchen and washroom, both available at your disposal. As our guest we will share the common spaces with you however, we ask that the main bed room be off limits. We will be present in the apartment during your stay and fully available to answer your questions or requests. We would be pleased so show you around Paris and explore the charms of the city with you. The neighbourhood is truly the best part about our apartment. Located on rue Oberkampf, o
28397	Bed and breakfast in a quality place.  Absolute calm. Room with King Size bed (180 X 200) . Bastille-Popincourt area ; Le Marais is a 10' walk.  Well served by metro lines 9 and 5 to reach the center of Paris.	Bed and Breakfast in a family appartment. A specially quiet place too. One room with a King Size bed (180 X 200).  Hearty Breakfasts. Bastille-Popincourt area ; Le Marais 10' away walk. Easy travel to Paris' center by the subway (line 9 and 5). Bed and breakfast in a quality place.  Absolute calm. Room with King Size bed (180 X 200) . Bastille-Popincourt area ; Le Marais is a 10' walk.  Well served by metro lines 9 and 5 to reach the center of Paris. I live in a beautiful place! rare, quiet and relaxing.  True penthouse on the 6th floor with open views over the surrounding rooftops.  If the weather permits breakfast will be served on the terrace.  If you get tired of your visits - it is a must to visit Paris walking - you can relax in a warm spa bath.  The room has just been renovated, painting and carpet. Household linen is new and quality. No smoking please, except outside.  Lounge, kitchen, bathroom and shared toilets, As a real parisian, I can advise you in unusual tours off the be
28398	Très beau studio lumineux, propre et fonctionnel 30m2 et terrasse de 18m2 plein sud vue imprenable 10e étage avec ascenseur. Très calme, grande télé, cuisine équipée et salle de bain tout confort. WC séparées. En plein coeur de Paris entre Marais et Oberkampf. Métro 5 et 8. Tous commerces proches. Grand et lumineux studio de 30m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Terrasse plein sud de 18m2 très calme avec superbe vue sur les toits de Paris. Pas de vis à vis direct. Cuisine séparée et équipée. Sale de bain séparée des WC. Très grande télévision, internet sans fil. Ascenseur pour monter au 10e étage. Sécurisé. Télé Internet sans fil Lave linge Cuisine Tout Si je suis présent chez moi en même temps, je passerai peu être en vous prévenant avant (et je vous laisse tranquille maximum pour 19h)! Sinon je préfère louer mon appartement quand je suis en déplacement ! Je suis aussi tout à fait disponible pour vous donner des bonnes informations sur le quartier! Très animé, tous les commerces à disposition	Très beau studio lumineux, propre et fonctionnel 30m2 et terrasse de 18m2 plein sud vue imprenable 10e étage avec ascenseur. Très calme, grande télé, cuisine équipée et salle de bain tout confort. WC séparées. En plein coeur de Paris entre Marais et Oberkampf. Métro 5 et 8. Tous commerces proches.
28399	It's an atypical house, designed as a duplex with  upstairs:  spacious bed room, 1 bathroom downstairs: a spacious living room, a fully equiped open kitchen.  More over,  you can enjoy the terrace with our table and chairs.  This place is perfect for one or two people, very well located, quiet and peacefull.  There is one Bed Room, but we also have a Sofa-Bed if you want to be more than 2 travelers. The Sofa Bed is a really good quality one.  If you are more than 2, the cost wil increase of 35€ per night. This price is for 3 or 4 travlers. So, if you are 3 or 4 travlers, the price will be the same.  I also grew in Paris so it will be a pleasure to give you some tips to enjoy your trip ;)	Welcome in a very nice duplex in the heart of Paris. You will find here a very cosy flat, well located and in a very atypical place. It's an atypical house, designed as a duplex with  upstairs:  spacious bed room, 1 bathroom downstairs: a spacious living room, a fully equiped open kitchen.  More over,  you can enjoy the terrace with our table and chairs.  This place is perfect for one or two people, very well located, quiet and peacefull.  There is one Bed Room, but we also have a Sofa-Bed if you want to be more than 2 travelers. The Sofa Bed is a really good quality one.  If you are more than 2, the cost wil increase of 35€ per night. This price is for 3 or 4 travlers. So, if you are 3 or 4 travlers, the price will be the same.  I also grew in Paris so it will be a pleasure to give you some tips to enjoy your trip ;) The hosts can enjoy all the comodities that the appartment offers: oven microwaves dishwasher Fridge and freezer Kitchen ustensils Kettle Coffee maker toaster TV internet
28400	A large living room opens on the kitchen. Bright and fully equipped, this apartment offers 2 bedrooms for 4 people.	Fully equipped, two bedrooms, in a very Parisian area. A large living room opens on the kitchen. Bright and fully equipped, this apartment offers 2 bedrooms for 4 people. Located in one of the most animated area of Paris. You will enjoy the restaurants, cafés, bars and concerts. Few minutes walk from Haut marais, République, Canal Saint Martin. Hope you will enjoy it as much as we do! :-) Close from many metros (M3, M2, M11, M9, M5).
28401	FLAT : In full heart of the district of Charonne (Bastille), at only 15 minutes with foot of the Marsh, You will find in a beautiful building, this studio of 25 m square, Clair and calm decorated with taste, composed a principal part with American kitchen equipped and with a spacious bathroom with toilets, broad shower and window. A spacious Living Room of 17 squares meters. The sofa is  is a sofa reads, dimensions of the bed are King size = 160cm*200cm.  Parquet floor, Luminous and very calm because entirely on court. Contemporary decoration, this studio was renovated entirely in 2012.  EQUIPMENT :  - Kitchen equipped, with refrigerator, hotplate, extraction, coffee machine nespresso and the whole to cook, a furnace with micro wave. - Living room: a sofa reads very great quality with a great bed king zize of 160 cm* 200cm - Bathroom: Broad shower of 110cm * 80cm, wash-hand basin, WC. - TV, Internet, Washing machine, machine to dry, speaker for musique. DISTRICT The district of the str	In full heart of the district of Charonne (Bastille), at only 15 minutes with foot of the Marsh, You will find in a beautiful building, this studio of 25 m square, Clair and calm decorated with taste, composed a principal part with American k FLAT : In full heart of the district of Charonne (Bastille), at only 15 minutes with foot of the Marsh, You will find in a beautiful building, this studio of 25 m square, Clair and calm decorated with taste, composed a principal part with American kitchen equipped and with a spacious bathroom with toilets, broad shower and window. A spacious Living Room of 17 squares meters. The sofa is  is a sofa reads, dimensions of the bed are King size = 160cm*200cm.  Parquet floor, Luminous and very calm because entirely on court. Contemporary decoration, this studio was renovated entirely in 2012.  EQUIPMENT :  - Kitchen equipped, with refrigerator, hotplate, extraction, coffee machine nespresso and the whole to cook, a furnace with micro wave. - Living room
28402	J'ai l'habitude d'avoir des gens à la maison, beaucoup d'américains sont venus passer plusieurs mois lors d'échanges universitaires, et ça a toujours été l'occasion d'une très agréable cohabitation	Cette belle chambre a un lit, un bureau et toutes les places de rangement dont vous pouvez avoir besoin. Elle est destinée à celui ou celle qui aura envie de se  donner du temps, une semaine ou deux, pour vivre à Paris, dans le quartier de Charonne. J'ai l'habitude d'avoir des gens à la maison, beaucoup d'américains sont venus passer plusieurs mois lors d'échanges universitaires, et ça a toujours été l'occasion d'une très agréable cohabitation Tout, et même ma chambre pour accéder à la courette, d'autant que je suis au boulot en journée. Posez-moi toutes les questions que vous souhaitez, j'adore les gens curieux Charonne est très beau, un quartier élégant et populaire entre le Père Lachaise, Nation et Bastille le métro n'est jamais bien loin à Paris Je parle japonais et anglais, et j'adore améliorer mes langues étrangères
28403		Chambre individuelle dans joli appartement très bien desservi par les transports parisiens.  Petit déjeuner à disposition.  Balcon, belle vue sur Paris Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine Ligne de métro à vos pieds : 1-2-6-9 RER A Bus 57 , 26 , 86 .... Le 351 direct de l'aéroport Roissy CDG Vélib et Autolib
28404	Studio de 18m2, refait à neuf en 2015, composée d'un salon/chambre avec cuisine équipée, une salle de douche avec WC, et d'une entrée avec une penderie. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes pour 2nuits minimum. Le salon/chambre contient un canapé convertible, une table à manger. L'appartement, orienté plein Sud, bénéficie d'une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Très calme et lumineux. La cuisine, ouverte sur le salon, est équipée d'un micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson en vitrocéramique, vaisselles, ustensiles de cuisson. Dans la salle de bain avec fenêtre côté cour, vous trouverez une douche à l'italienne, un wc, un lavabo, une machine à laver le linge (capacité 5litres) et un sèche serviettes.	Superbe studio avec vue dégagée plein de charme dans le centre de Paris,  métro Parmentier, Oberkampf et Saint-Ambroise. Rue calme,commerces, bar Parisiens et délicieux resto. Possibilité d'accueillir 2 personnes, cuisines équipée. Très agréable! Studio de 18m2, refait à neuf en 2015, composée d'un salon/chambre avec cuisine équipée, une salle de douche avec WC, et d'une entrée avec une penderie. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes pour 2nuits minimum. Le salon/chambre contient un canapé convertible, une table à manger. L'appartement, orienté plein Sud, bénéficie d'une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Très calme et lumineux. La cuisine, ouverte sur le salon, est équipée d'un micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson en vitrocéramique, vaisselles, ustensiles de cuisson. Dans la salle de bain avec fenêtre côté cour, vous trouverez une douche à l'italienne, un wc, un lavabo, une machine à laver le linge (capacité 5litres) et un sèche serviettes. Je ne vis pas très loin de l'
28405	Appartement très agréable de 42m2, très lumineux et fonctionnel. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au plein coeur d'un quartier animé de resto, bars et de nombreux commerces, vous y accèderez directement des gares du Nord, de l'Est et Saint Lazare.	Charmant 2 pièces dans le quartier branché et charmant du Canal Saint Martin.L'appartement est calme, tout équipé et se situe à 4 min à pied   des métros République et Goncourt.  Appartement très agréable de 42m2, très lumineux et fonctionnel. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au plein coeur d'un quartier animé de resto, bars et de nombreux commerces, vous y accèderez directement des gares du Nord, de l'Est et Saint Lazare. 3ème étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement propose un accès libre à internet et aux chaines TV. Chambre avec rangement, cuisine équipée, salon avec canapé convertible. Le Canal Saint Martin, la Place de la République, Oberkampf et le Marais sont à 5 minutes à pied. La situation de l'appartement est idéale aussi bien pour une visite complète de Paris que pour un week end détente en flânant dans le quartier. Les alentours bougent beaucoup avec une infinité de petits restaurants, bar à vin et beaucoup de commerces de proximité. Métro République et Goncourt Une cham
28406	Logement situé dans une rue commerçante bien desservie: épicerie, restaurants, traiteurs, banques, boulangerie, pharmacie, coiffeur, cafés. Proche de la Place de la République et Place de la Bastille. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.	Logement situé dans une rue commerçante bien desservie: épicerie, restaurants, traiteurs, banques, boulangerie, pharmacie, coiffeur, cafés. Proche de la Place de la République et Place de la Bastille. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. L'appartement est fonctionnel et pratique. Il se compose d'un séjour avec un canapé lit(vrai lit), de 2 chambres, d'une cuisine aménagée et équipée à souhait (four, micro-ondes, ustensiles cuisine.. tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner), enfin une superbe salle d'eau avec à disposition serviettes, draps, séche-cheveux, fer à repasser... Enfin, accés internet, tv, lecteur dvd, ...   Les locataires pourront disposer du logement. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir et vous apporter mon aide pour vous assurer un séjour des plus agréables dans une des plus belles villes au monde PARIS !!!!  Quartier animé. Les lignes de métro les plus proches sont les lignes 11 (métro Goncourt) et 3 (métro Parmentier). Frais de ménage de 40 euros Frais pour arrivée tar
28407	Apartment very pleasant overlooking courtyard and the street. Travelers have access to a large room of 14m2 overlooking courtyard. They will also have access to bathroom / WC / kitchen shared with my roommate sometimes present. Sometimes you'll be living with my roommate: Jean-Marc. He's very friendly no worries ;) Sometimes you will be alone in the apartment. Quick and easy access by Voltaire metro line 9  (3 min walk) or Bastille line 1, 5, 8 (8 min walk).  Bus (phone number hidden)  Many Velib stations in the neighborhood If you need it, of course you can contact me on my phone by text message. I try to answer as quick as i can because i want you to feel comfortable in my place ! You will live in a friendly and lively Parisian neighborhood with traders, cafes, restaurants and everything you need gift.  Near the Place de la Bastille, Opéra Bastille, Place des Vosges, Republic, Père Lachaise cemetery, Gare de Lyon. Accès facile et rapide par métro Voltaire ligne 9 (3 min à pied) ou Ba	Tout près de Bastille: un quartier vivant et accueillant, cet appartement clair et calme de 46m2 composé d'une grande chambre de 14 m2 sur cour,  cuisine et salle de bain très bon états . Il y a une autre chambre qui sera occupée par mon colocataire  Apartment very pleasant overlooking courtyard and the street. Travelers have access to a large room of 14m2 overlooking courtyard. They will also have access to bathroom / WC / kitchen shared with my roommate sometimes present. Sometimes you'll be living with my roommate: Jean-Marc. He's very friendly no worries ;) Sometimes you will be alone in the apartment. Quick and easy access by Voltaire metro line 9  (3 min walk) or Bastille line 1, 5, 8 (8 min walk).  Bus (phone number hidden)  Many Velib stations in the neighborhood If you need it, of course you can contact me on my phone by text message. I try to answer as quick as i can because i want you to feel comfortable in my place ! You will live in a friendly and lively Parisian neighborh
28408	Hi, I propose a nice bedroom in a spacious appartment It is All equipped : you can use the kitchen, the TV, the internet WIFI, the washing-machine... I'll be happy to welcome you in my home and let you know about the nice places of interests that are quite near. The flat is located one-minute on foot to the nearest tube station (Ménilmontant, line 2) that goes to Champs Elysées and Montmartre. A nice walk can take you to the area of Bastille, République, le Marais and Père Lachaise. All commodities and shops are to be found next door. It's a great place to stay ! Ménilmontant is a typical Parisian area with lots of art works, restaurants, bars, and shops. 	Hi, I propose a nice bedroom in a spacious appartment It is All equipped : you can use the kitchen, the TV, the internet WIFI, the washing-machine... I'll be happy to welcome you in my home and let you know about the nice places of interests that are quite near. The flat is located one-minute on foot to the nearest tube station (Ménilmontant, line 2) that goes to Champs Elysées and Montmartre. A nice walk can take you to the area of Bastille, République, le Marais and Père Lachaise. All commodities and shops are to be found next door. It's a great place to stay ! Ménilmontant is a typical Parisian area with lots of art works, restaurants, bars, and shops. 
28409	A large duplex apartment in which we live with our 15 years old son, and in which two rooms are available for travelers: that one has a single bed, another has a double bed (see (website hidden)).	"In a living and true Parisian area, a few steps from the center of Paris, a nice room, quiet and clear, in a 110m2 duplex apartment. Breakfast and good tips included. Friendliness guaranteed :-)   Long stay students, see our special offer... A large duplex apartment in which we live with our 15 years old son, and in which two rooms are available for travelers: that one has a single bed, another has a double bed (see (website hidden)). The whole apartment is available: toilets of course, a bathroom (with an hair dryer), the living room, the kitchen and dining room (for the included breakfast only) ; and also, but only if you wish, a piece of our family life. A real breakfast in included, as you like it. Dryer and washing machine are available only for travelers staying a week or more.  For long stays, longer than a month, we wish to offer you a ""special student"" formula, meaning all inclusive (half board during the week, and full board on week-end), meaning open table and open refrigera"
28410	Vous disposerez d’un lit 2 personnes (matelas très confortable) dans une chambre. Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis, café et thé à votre disposition. Accès à la cuisine équipée, machine à laver. Toilettes et salle de bain séparés. Accès à internet wifi et rétroprojecteur sur mur blanc (large collection de DVD). Immeuble sécurisé avec un digicode et ascenseur. Tous commerces à proximité. Horaires de check-in et check-out flexible. L’objectif est que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous !	Private room with view in a 80 sq.m² appt (kitchen, living-room, etc.), in the hectic 20th arrondissement.
28411	Typical parisien flat : stone building, wood floor, trim, fireplace... Very sunny, high level, no opposite view	Between Bastille and République, 4 rooms, 2 large bedrooms. Quiet et sunny, at 1mn from Père Lachaise subway station, close to every shops. Up to 4 persons, in a comfort way Typical parisien flat : stone building, wood floor, trim, fireplace... Very sunny, high level, no opposite view During your stay, kitchen et bathroom will be shared. I love Paris and I will be delighted to help my guests to enjoy this beautiful city as much as I do , by sharing my little adresses of restaurants and shops... Direct by subway to Champs Elysées, Opera, or big parisian department stores My neighborhood is very friendly and close to Le Marais also Bus and subway are just down there 
28412	Il s'agit d'un studio dans un immeuble haussmanien, en plein Coeur de Paris. Donnant accès à des sites célèbre dans la capitale. Le studio est stitué au 6 ème étage (sans ascenceur).	Une pièce en plein Coeur de Paris, Place de la République. Accès à 10 min aux sites : Opéra, Bastille, Notre Dame, Le Marais, Montmartre. Très bien desservi avec 5 metros, Bus, Vélib.   Dans le quartier (Restaurants, Théatres, Club, Shopping etc) Il s'agit d'un studio dans un immeuble haussmanien, en plein Coeur de Paris. Donnant accès à des sites célèbre dans la capitale. Le studio est stitué au 6 ème étage (sans ascenceur). Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les équipements du logement (Cuisne et ustensiles, sale de bain, lit draps, serviettes, shampooing, Gel Douche etc.) Nous échangerons par telephone lorsqu'ils occuperont le logement. C'est un quartier très riche culturellement, avec différents évènements comme le festival de la musique d'été (Concert rock, funk, pop). La présence de theâtres, l'accès au canal Saint-martin, et à de nombreux sites célèbres. Le logement est accessible par 5 lignes de metro 3,5,8,9,11 ainsi que les bus (phone number hidden)
28413	Sunny, pratical, very well placed to visit Paris and its monuments, you will find all you need to enjoy your stay in Paris !	Welcome to our home ! It is a very functional appartment, fully refurbished, with a nice living room (Internet / TV), 1 bedroom with closets, a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. It may receive up to 4 persons (a double bed and a convertible sofa). The apartment is sunny and located in a trendy neighborhood near Place de la République. It is very easy to visit Paris from the flat - underground 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11. Many shops (bakery, supermarket), café and restaurants...
28414	Très calme Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur	Deux pièces de 25 m carré, central, lumineux avec un petit balcon. Quartier Oberkampf. À pied: 1 mn du métro saint Maur, 10 mn du père la chaise, 10 mn de la place de la république. Tout commerces à proximité. Très calme Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wifi, machine à lavé, machine à café nespresso, Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour. Bus, métro ligne 3 et ligne 2 et 9 à proximité 5 e étage sans ascenseur Internet wi
28415	In the main room I mixed the elegance of the typicals ceiling moldings and solid parquet floor of Haussmannienne shits with my very contemporary taste for design and some unique decorative funny pieces I found travelling around the world. The flat is verry spacious, quiet, well ventilated and filled with daylight ; it has been entirely repeint last month : Every walls, ceilings and corners who are not tiled red or orange are now totally whites. Far away from the furnitures Ikea standard, I designed a rasta desktop and pimped a rolling coffee table as a skateboard ; yes, the top is covered of grip paper, but pleeease, do not skate my place ; )  It's on the 3rd floor with elevator.  It can accomodate up to 4 people with a double bed in the bedroom and a futon for two in the living room. It has fully equiped kitchen : micro wave, oven, dishwasher, toaster… A full bathroom with a bathtub and a shower, a system to heat towels and… space !  There's also a washing machine / dryer.   Bed linen	From 1880 - the period of the grand architectural style of Belle Époque - the apartment’s design has been modernised and originals contents restructured in order to make it more user-friendly ; the 3 rooms apartment is now a 600 ft2 mini loft ; oui oui, madame ! In the main room I mixed the elegance of the typicals ceiling moldings and solid parquet floor of Haussmannienne shits with my very contemporary taste for design and some unique decorative funny pieces I found travelling around the world. The flat is verry spacious, quiet, well ventilated and filled with daylight ; it has been entirely repeint last month : Every walls, ceilings and corners who are not tiled red or orange are now totally whites. Far away from the furnitures Ikea standard, I designed a rasta desktop and pimped a rolling coffee table as a skateboard ; yes, the top is covered of grip paper, but pleeease, do not skate my place ; )  It's on the 3rd floor with elevator.  It can accomodate up to 4 people with a double 
28416	Being on a vacation time or on business trip, enjoy a 55 square meters (600 square feet) typical 2 rooms Parisian flat, located on the 5th floor (with lift). You will be sleeping in a spacious and beautiful room in the apartment. The flat offers all amenities that will make your stay pleasant, easy, practical and hopefully unforgettable.	In the heart of Paris, next to the Bastille Place and  to the Marais, in a lovely and lively area, let me invite you at home and enjoy a typical Parisian atmosphere. Being on a vacation time or on business trip, enjoy a 55 square meters (600 square feet) typical 2 rooms Parisian flat, located on the 5th floor (with lift). You will be sleeping in a spacious and beautiful room in the apartment. The flat offers all amenities that will make your stay pleasant, easy, practical and hopefully unforgettable. *** MY HOME IS YOUR HOME Bedroom is equipped with a comfortable king size bed. Comforter duvet or sheets, pillows, woolen blankets and towels are provided free of charge. I will be sleeping in the living room during your visit. The living room has a relaxing sofa, a big TV flat screen, a landline phone. You can (totally free of charge) use:      - the wireless access to the internet.    - the television with international channels,     - the telephone to call landlines (or mobile phones to
28417	Dans un pittoresque appartement de 50 m2, au coeur d'un quartier vraiment sympa, animé et familial, proche de tout... Nation est à 2mn, République à 10 m, Chatelet à 15 mn... Métro ligne 1, Rer A tout proche... Une chambre de 16 m2 est disponible dès le 1er juillet. L'appartement est complètement équipé ( frigo, plaques, machine a laver, lave linge...) ah ! oui ! il n'y a pas de TV... Le colocataire est facile a vivre ( c'est moi !) car rarement présent... à votre disposition pour plus d'infos ! .... 	Dans un pittoresque appartement de 50 m2, au coeur d'un quartier vraiment sympa, animé et familial, proche de tout... Nation est à 2mn, République à 10 m, Chatelet à 15 mn... Métro ligne 1, Rer A tout proche... Une chambre de 16 m2 est disponible dès Dans un pittoresque appartement de 50 m2, au coeur d'un quartier vraiment sympa, animé et familial, proche de tout... Nation est à 2mn, République à 10 m, Chatelet à 15 mn... Métro ligne 1, Rer A tout proche... Une chambre de 16 m2 est disponible dès le 1er juillet. L'appartement est complètement équipé ( frigo, plaques, machine a laver, lave linge...) ah ! oui ! il n'y a pas de TV... Le colocataire est facile a vivre ( c'est moi !) car rarement présent... à votre disposition pour plus d'infos ! ....   L'appartement est complètement équipé ( frigo, plaques, machine a laver, lave linge...WC séparé, Salle de bain habitant l'appartement, je peux être très disponible comme peu selon leurs envies.  Un quartier vivant ( les bars et restaurants p
28418	The flat is centrally located and near République station (5 minutes walk), it is the most important metro hub of Paris with access to 5 different metro lines. from Republique station, the historical and most touristic places of Paris can be reached by tube in 5 to 20 minutes (Louvre museum, Pompidou museum of modern art, Marais, Orsay museum of 19th century art, Quartier Latin, Champs Elysees, Bastille, Saint Germain des Pres, Montparnasse…). Also you can reach easily the big and famous department stores (Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps de Paris) in less than 10 minutes from Republique Station. The flat a walking distance100m from subway (Goncourt station - 11th line). One needs 10 minutes by public transportation to reach the express train going to the two Paris airports Orly and Charles de Gaulle (it takes approximatively one hour for both airports). The flat has been renovated two years ago with an interior designer. It is a typical parisian flat in a 19th century block with traditi	The flat is a perfect place to make the best of Paris. It is a very quiet and bright place on the doorstep of Le Marais, one of the most historic quarter of Paris.
28419	Moderne , lumineux et refait a neuf recemment 	Une grande piece a vivre avec cuisine ouverte qui donne sur une allée privée Une chambre au calme sur cour ( lit double) et canapé lit dans le salon  Quartier animé avec beaucoup de bonnes adresses ( restaurants , bars) 5mn du metro (ligne 2,3,11) Moderne , lumineux et refait a neuf recemment Logement entier , 3 eme etage sans ascenseur Disponible et a proximité si besoin l'ambiance festive , les meilleurs restaurants pour tous budget .
28420	65m² apartment right in the middle of quartier Oberkampf. A lovely place including a spacious living-room, a fully-equipped kitchen, a large bedroom with a real and comfortable real bed and a bathroom with bath/shower, toilets and sink. Each room has a window with curtains (except the bathroom, which is windowless).   Many amenities: - bathroom (your own private one) - fully-equipped kitchen (sink, fridge, gaz cooker, oven, kettle, toaster)  - Large living room with television - high speed internet and wifi - washer and dryer.	A charming 65m² apartment in the middle of the bustling neighborhood of Oberkampf. A comfy bed in a sunny bedroom, a living room with TV and sofa, a bathroom with a washer-dryer... anything you need for a perfect stay in Paris! 65m² apartment right in the middle of quartier Oberkampf. A lovely place including a spacious living-room, a fully-equipped kitchen, a large bedroom with a real and comfortable real bed and a bathroom with bath/shower, toilets and sink. Each room has a window with curtains (except the bathroom, which is windowless).   Many amenities: - bathroom (your own private one) - fully-equipped kitchen (sink, fridge, gaz cooker, oven, kettle, toaster)  - Large living room with television - high speed internet and wifi - washer and dryer. You can access any room of the apartment except my bedroom (located next to the living room), where I keep my personal belonging. I'll give you my phone number so you can call me when you want to sort out any issue you may have with the ap
28421	This apartment was completely renovated.  It is completely furnished (please see details).	My apartment is located in one the best spot of Paris: Bastille - 5 min from Le Marais and 10 min from Paris City Hall You live the typical Parisan life in a lovely-brand new apt (up to 4 people) Lots of public transportations nearby.  Enjoy ! This apartment was completely renovated.  It is completely furnished (please see details). The apartment is located on the 2nd floor and has en elevator. You can reach me at any time either by email through here or by phone : (phone number hidden) - Saint Michel : 15 minutes walking from the apartment - Cathédral Notre Dame : 15 minutes walking  - Ile de la Cité : 15 minutes walking  - Notre Dame : 20 minutes walking - Latin District (Quartier Latin) : 20 minutes walking - Marais : 10 minutes walking - Place des Vosges : 10 minutes walking - Centre Georges Pompidou : 20 minutes waking - Place Bastille : 5 minutes walking - Opéra Bastille : 5 minutes walking - Rue de Charonne : 5 minutes walking - Marché d'Alligre : 5 minutes walking - Saint Germa
28422	Uniquely, our guests will receive the luxury of a Conceirge Specialist to greet and advise them in advance or upon arrival at the apartment. We offer this service to our guests as it compliments and enhances each guests' stay perfectly. This apartment offers a 5 Star 'Boutique' hotel experience - yet filled with luxurious home comforts in a relaxed environment. Guests will have the pleasure of - 'living life like a Parisian'.. in style!.	Stylishly decorated & renovated, 3 bedroom apartment a stones throw from 'chic' Marais district in central Paris. Parquet floors, plenty of space & light throughout. Beds: 1 queen,1 king-size and 2 singles/convert to Kingsize. Shower room + Bathroom Uniquely, our guests will receive the luxury of a Conceirge Specialist to greet and advise them in advance or upon arrival at the apartment. We offer this service to our guests as it compliments and enhances each guests' stay perfectly. This apartment offers a 5 Star 'Boutique' hotel experience - yet filled with luxurious home comforts in a relaxed environment. Guests will have the pleasure of - 'living life like a Parisian'.. in style!. Cable TV (With all international channels) Wifi & telephone calls are all inclusive. Ipod dock/charger. DVD players and Bose speaker system. A Stones throw from Place de la République and a 5 minute walk from the Marais, this apartment is not only a luxurious 'home from home rental', it's excellently locate
28423	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, the apartment is on the corner of the rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud and the Boulevard du Temple, placing it at 2 steps from the Cirque d'Hiver, the rue Oberkampf, the Marais, the rue de Bretagne and the Place des Vosges. Canal Saint Martin and Place de la Bastille are also nearby. The apartment (40 m2 / 430 sq. ft) is on the 4th floor of an old Parisian building. It has a lot of charm with exposed beams, a fireplace and tomette tiles. It is composed of a large living room, a bedroom, a kitchenette, a bathroom and a separate WC. A wireless network is available in the apartment during your stay to connect your devices. To keep in touch with your loved ones, a phone is available with free calls to landlines in 108 countries and mobiles for USA, Canada, China, etc. (detailed list available upon request). In the bedroom, you will find a king-size bed, 2 large nightstands, a clothes rack and many shelves. The living room has a corner sofa, a coffee table, a c	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, the apartment is at 2 steps from the Marais, the Place des Vosges, the Canal Saint Martin and Place de la Bastille. The neighbourhood has many restaurants, cafes, shops, art galleries. The apartment (40 m2 / 430 sq. ft) is on the 4th floor of an old Parisian building. It has a lot of charm with exposed beams, a fireplace and tomette tiles. It is composed of a large living room, a bedroom, a kitchenette, a bathroom and a separate WC. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, the apartment is on the corner of the rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud and the Boulevard du Temple, placing it at 2 steps from the Cirque d'Hiver, the rue Oberkampf, the Marais, the rue de Bretagne and the Place des Vosges. Canal Saint Martin and Place de la Bastille are also nearby. The apartment (40 m2 / 430 sq. ft) is on the 4th floor of an old Parisian building. It has a lot of charm with exposed beams, a fireplace and tomette tiles. It is composed of a large living room, a bedroom, a 
28424	La chambre est dans un appartement au premier étage avec ascenseur  La cuisine à partager possède un four à micro ondes, une plaque électrique, un lave vaisselle et une machine Nespresso. Echanges avec les voyageurs Je peux donner aux voyageurs des bonnes adresses, de bars, restaurants, lieux de visite,etc pour les heures d'arrivée, de préférence le soir à partir de 18h30 mais il est très souvent possible de s'arranger si vous prévenez à l' avance	Une chambre avec un lit de 140 cm dans mon appartement de 2 pièces. Je dors dans le salon.  La salle de bain et la cuisine sont à partager avec moi. dans un quartier sympathique et animé à 12 mn de la gare de Lyon et de Bastille La chambre est dans un appartement au premier étage avec ascenseur  La cuisine à partager possède un four à micro ondes, une plaque électrique, un lave vaisselle et une machine Nespresso. Echanges avec les voyageurs Je peux donner aux voyageurs des bonnes adresses, de bars, restaurants, lieux de visite,etc pour les heures d'arrivée, de préférence le soir à partir de 18h30 mais il est très souvent possible de s'arranger si vous prévenez à l' avance La cuisine et la salle de bains sont à partager Le quartier est très sympathique avec un marché célèbre animé tous les jours sauf le lundi avec des commerces de toutes sortes et de qualité et des bars à vins. à 10 mn de Gare de Lyon et 10mn de Bastille le métro le plus proche est Ledru Rollin sur la ligne 8 ou Gare de
28425	This well equipped 2-rooms is located on the 1st floor in a courtyard building which makes it very quiet as there is no street noise from both side of the flat.  **Localisation**   You will be able to enjoy the many shops, restaurants and bars nearby as well as the picturesque streets of the Marais or the famous Bastille and Republique squares.  4 metro lines nearby. - Metro Line 9 - Saint-Ambroise : Galeries Lafayette, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower - Metro Line 5 - Richard Lenoir or Oberkampf : Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Bastille / Gare de Lyon - Metro Line 3 - Parmentier: Opera - Metro Line 8 - Saint-Sébastien-Froissart: Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides ** Description of the apartment ** It consists of a spacious bedroom, a living room with open kitchen and a bathroom / WC. The entire apartment has been renovated recently. The bedroom contains a double bed and cupboards. In the living room there is a sofa bed (2 places), a flat-screen TV and a table for 4 people. The open kitchen to t	Our apartment is a charming fully renovated two-bedroom, with fitted kitchen. Ideally located, you can enjoy Paris on foot or by subway (metro lines 9, 5, 3 and 8 nearby). This well equipped 2-rooms is located on the 1st floor in a courtyard building which makes it very quiet as there is no street noise from both side of the flat.  **Localisation**   You will be able to enjoy the many shops, restaurants and bars nearby as well as the picturesque streets of the Marais or the famous Bastille and Republique squares.  4 metro lines nearby. - Metro Line 9 - Saint-Ambroise : Galeries Lafayette, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower - Metro Line 5 - Richard Lenoir or Oberkampf : Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Bastille / Gare de Lyon - Metro Line 3 - Parmentier: Opera - Metro Line 8 - Saint-Sébastien-Froissart: Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides ** Description of the apartment ** It consists of a spacious bedroom, a living room with open kitchen and a bathroom / WC. The entire apartment has been renovated re
28426		2 pièces au 2éme étage sur cour calme et idéalement situé en plein coeur de Paris, à côté de la Place de la République, entre 5 lignes de métro - lignes 3, 9,  2, 11 et 5, donc très pratique pour visiter Paris et ses monuments, mais aussi pour se balader dans le Marais, vers le Canal St Martin ou du côté de la place de la Bastille qui sont vraiment à proximité. Beaucoup de commerces au pied de l'immeuble : boulangerie, supermarché, pharmacie et plusieurs bars, restaurants et caves à vins.
28427		"Dear guests,  This small charming private 15m² room is perfect for 2 people and for short stays. At the 6th floor of a ""immeuble Haussmanien"", the south-west view on the Parisian roofs and the Eiffel tower in the distance are amazing at sunset."
28428	"You will live in a typical Parisian apartment ; oak wooden floors and fire place, exposed beams, original red floor tiles and above all the exclusive sight “sur les toits de Paris” from the terrace. Form all the windows, you will have a view of the Parisians rooftops in zinc. The area is friendly, safe and the building is secured with entrance digicode and intercom. Our apartment is a duplex of 54 square meters (580 square feet). On the first level (6th floor), you will find : -	the living room with a sofa (an extra bed for one person), the fireplace,  two armchairs, a plasma TV with cable chains. -	The charming terrace with one table and two chairs, you can step into the terrace from the living room, you will enjoy a wide vue on Paris rooftops – Place de la République and even Montmartre. -	The American-style kitchen fully equiped opens through a bar on the living room, -	The dining room with table and chairs and a comfortable desk corner- free high speed internet. -	The bathroom with"	"You will live in a typical Parisian apartment ; oak wooden floors and fire place, exposed beams, original red floor tiles and above all the exclusive sight “sur les toits de Paris” from the terrace. Form all the windows, you will have a view of the Parisians rooftops in zinc. The area is friendly, safe and the building is secured with entrance digicode and intercom. Our apartment is a duplex of 54 square meters (580 square feet). On the first level (6th floor), you will find : -	the living room with a sofa (an extra bed for one person), the fireplace,  two armchairs, a plasma TV with cable chains. -	The charming terrace with one table and two chairs, you can step into the terrace from the living room, you will enjoy a wide vue on Paris rooftops – Place de la République and even Montmartre. -	The American-style kitchen fully equiped opens through a bar on the living room, -	The dining room with table and chairs and a comfortable desk corner- free high speed internet. -	The bathroom with"
28429		Appartement de trois pièces, calme et très bien situé près de Bastille. Cuisine, SdB et salon à disposition. Hôte sympa et accueillant.
28430	Le logement est idéalement situé à 15 minutes à pied de Bastille et à 10 minutes à pied de République. Il est idéal pour une famille avec 2 enfants ou encore deux couples (chambre et salon avec canapé lit). Il est situé dans le quartier très dynamique d'Oberkampf. Il possède toutes les commodités nécessaires. Il est Rue de la Folie Méricourt et à 200 mètres de la Rue Oberkampf, ces deux rues grouillent de commerçants et de restaurants branchés.	L'appartement se situe près de l'église Saint Ambroise, il est parfait pour un couple ou deux couples voyageant à Paris. Il y a une chambre double et un salon avec canapé lit, ainsi que toute les commodités nécessaires. Le logement est idéalement situé à 15 minutes à pied de Bastille et à 10 minutes à pied de République. Il est idéal pour une famille avec 2 enfants ou encore deux couples (chambre et salon avec canapé lit). Il est situé dans le quartier très dynamique d'Oberkampf. Il possède toutes les commodités nécessaires. Il est Rue de la Folie Méricourt et à 200 mètres de la Rue Oberkampf, ces deux rues grouillent de commerçants et de restaurants branchés. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'intégralité du logement, chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bain/toilettes. L'appartement est extrêmement lumineux. Je serai présente pour donner les clefs et toutes sortes d'informations nécessaires au bon déroulement du voyage. Le quartier est très agréable, tous les commerces sont à proximités dans l
28431	At the same time quiet and modern, it will enable you to discover Paris thanks to its privileged site (2 minutes by foot from the subway Nation) L'appartement est entièrement équipé (mirco-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, machine à laver) ainsi qu'un joli petit balcon. kjhkj  You will also profit from many trade in bottom of the building (supermarkets, station, pharmacy, bakeries) as well as delicious restaurants. In order to benefit the maximum of Paris, you will be able to easily move in the subway (subway n° 1, 2, 6, 9 , RER A) kjh	Venez découvrir Paris dans ce charmant studio situé à 50 mètres de la place de la Nation. Parfait pour un pied à terre ou un séjour en amoureux, cet appartement vous procurera tout le confort nécessaire. At the same time quiet and modern, it will enable you to discover Paris thanks to its privileged site (2 minutes by foot from the subway Nation) L'appartement est entièrement équipé (mirco-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, machine à laver) ainsi qu'un joli petit balcon. kjhkj  You will also profit from many trade in bottom of the building (supermarkets, station, pharmacy, bakeries) as well as delicious restaurants. In order to benefit the maximum of Paris, you will be able to easily move in the subway (subway n° 1, 2, 6, 9 , RER A) kjh L'appartement est entièrement équipé (mirco-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, machine à laver) ainsi qu'un joli petit balcon. kjhkj Vous bénéficierez également de nombreux commerces en bas de l'immeuble (supermarchés, pharmacie, boulangeries) ainsi que
28432		Chambre indépendante, calme, grande et lumineuse, dans un joli 2 pièces entre la Place de la Bastille et le Cimitière du Père Lachaise. Canapé-lit, armoire, télé, cuisine équipée. DISPONIBLE QUE POUR COURTES DUREES / ONLY SHORT PERIODS La chambre est disponible que pour courtes durées (de 1 à 15 nuits).
28433		Appartement confortable avec salon, donnant sur une ruelle calme. Proche métro (ligne 9 et 5) et des meilleurs restaurants parisiens du moment. Idéal pour un séjour parisien réussi
28434	Peaceful house in a very charming and full of life neighborhood. Nice space, with a lot of light, massive wood on the floor, real stones on the war. .	"Little house in Paris, with light, flowers and quietness. In a dynamic neighborhood. Ideal for a family. Peaceful house in a very charming and full of life neighborhood. Nice space, with a lot of light, massive wood on the floor, real stones on the war. . 150 meters from Belleville station. 7 minutes walking from the REPUBLIQUE place, which is one of the most central and famous place in Paris, touching ""LE MARAIS"", one the most chic neighborhood.  The appartment is located in middle of a little alley, on first floor after a privative stairs. Glad if I can give advises of bars, restaurants, gardens, etc... There are a lot around."
28435	The studio is located on the 2nd floor, of a quiet building, with an elevator. The studio is made of one living/sleeping room, a bathroom and a kitchen. The comfortable sofa-bed can accommodate 2 people. Amenities include: Towels and bed linen TV High Speed Wifi Washer with dryer function Cooking plates Oven Microwave Coffee Machine Dishwasher	Welcome to my cute studio in the heart of Oberkampf! The studio is located on the 2nd floor, of a quiet building, with an elevator. The studio is made of one living/sleeping room, a bathroom and a kitchen. The comfortable sofa-bed can accommodate 2 people. Amenities include: Towels and bed linen TV High Speed Wifi Washer with dryer function Cooking plates Oven Microwave Coffee Machine Dishwasher My lovely cleaning lady will welcome you at the apartment and I am happy to answer questions by email or text. Neighbourhood is a heaven for food lovers, all the coolest restaurants in Paris are within walking distance: Chateaubriand, Dauphin, Septime, PNY, Chambelland, Ave Maria etc... Hip bars are also just a few minutes walk: UFO, Alimentation Générale, Ciré Jaune, Place Verte, Cannibale. You can walk to le Marais in about 10 mins, Beaubourg/Pompidou in about 25 minutes. Belleville is just 10 mins away, and Père Lachaise is 15 mins walk away. Parmentier metro station (line 3) is 1 minute awa
28436	Bright and sunny two room apartment with mezzanine, renewed in 2014, in the central, safe, trendy and creative district of Folie Méricourt in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, between Boulevard Richard Lenoir and Avenue Parmentier. The flat is located in a quiet side road to trendy and commercial rue Oberkampf offering excellent classic and new french restaurants, bars and shops.  Clean, bright and cosy, 39 sqm well organized, open living room with efficient equipped kitchen, nice dining corner, mezzanine offering a large bed 160 x 200 ;  a separate room with large wardrobe, desk and one or two single beds 75 x 200, if required.  A bathroom with shower and window.  Individual heating, you can set it up as you like. Fresh sheets, towels and wifi connexion included. The flat is on the 5th floor, access by an ancient staircase. Ideal for 2- 4 persons. 	    Bright and sunny two room apartment with mezzanine, renewed in 2014, in the central, safe, trendy and creative district of Folie Méricourt in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, between Boulevard Richard Lenoir and Avenue Parmentier.       Bright and sunny two room apartment with mezzanine, renewed in 2014, in the central, safe, trendy and creative district of Folie Méricourt in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, between Boulevard Richard Lenoir and Avenue Parmentier. The flat is located in a quiet side road to trendy and commercial rue Oberkampf offering excellent classic and new french restaurants, bars and shops.  Clean, bright and cosy, 39 sqm well organized, open living room with efficient equipped kitchen, nice dining corner, mezzanine offering a large bed 160 x 200 ;  a separate room with large wardrobe, desk and one or two single beds 75 x 200, if required.  A bathroom with shower and window.  Individual heating, you can set it up as you like. Fresh sheets, towels and wifi con
28437	Want to leave the tourists behind and experience Paris as a Parisian? Look no further. Our little flat is located in the Bohemian East End of Paris, on the border between the sophisticated 11th and hip 20th arrondissements, a stone's throw from Père Lachaise cemetery and 1 minute from Alexandre Dumas metro station. The flat looks out onto a court-yard and was fully renovated in 2012. The kitchen/living room, the bathroom and sofa bed are on the 1st floor. On the second floor is our bedroom (private). Our flat is extremely well connected. By 'Velib' (Parisian bike sharing scheme) or metro you can be at the Pompidou Centre or Notre Dame within 20 minutes. Or if you fancy a cocktail, head to rue Parmentier, 10 minutes by metro. Our area is teeming with great restaurants (we like the restaurant called XXeme art, Chez Lino and Le sot l'y laisse). The local bars (Piston Pélican, Poisson Bleu) will serve nice beers twice cheaper than city centre and they open til late. Every Wednesday and Sat	Want to leave the tourists behind and experience Paris as a Parisian? Look no further. Our little flat is located in the Bohemian East End of Paris, on the border between the sophisticated 11th and hip 20th arrondissements, a stone's throw from Père Lachaise cemetery and 1 minute from Alexandre Dumas metro station. The flat looks out onto a court-yard and was fully renovated in 2012. The kitchen/living room, the bathroom and sofa bed are on the 1st floor. On the second floor is our bedroom (private). Our flat is extremely well connected. By 'Velib' (Parisian bike sharing scheme) or metro you can be at the Pompidou Centre or Notre Dame within 20 minutes. Or if you fancy a cocktail, head to rue Parmentier, 10 minutes by metro. Our area is teeming with great restaurants (we like the restaurant called XXeme art, Chez Lino and Le sot l'y laisse). The local bars (Piston Pélican, Poisson Bleu) will serve nice beers twice cheaper than city centre and they open til late. Every Wednesday and Sat
28438	Tout ce dont vous aurez besoin est là : ventilateur, internet, télévision, lecteur DVD, petit frigo, plaques éléctriques, canapé lit très confort, salle de bain et toilettes. Studio idéal pour étudiant, travailleur, stagiaire ou touriste de passage sur Paris. Pied à terre confort dans le meilleur quartier de Paris ! 	This studio is idealistic for tourists or young people who works in the Capital. Very comfortable and lovely. Best neighborhood ever.
28439	Quiet place in the center of Paris.Very closed from Bastille and Nation	Large room (20 square meters) in an two floors house that used to be carpentry workshop. This habitation is located in a private flowered bystreet. Very quiet. The Area is Nation/Faidherbe Chaligny, closed from Bastille. All subways are closed. Quiet place in the center of Paris.Very closed from Bastille and Nation To kitchen and living room This area is very attractive. Closed to Bastille, it's full of stores and restaurant. Subways and buses are very closed Subways and buses around 2 to 5 minutes by walking distance. Velib station very closed from the house.  
28440	Cuisine: Moderne et hautement équipée de TOUT ! Son ilot central vous fera apprécier vos déjeuners entre amis (10 chaises hautes mises à votre disposition). La cuisine est équipée de : 4 plaques de cuisson à induction, hotte, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro-onde, four, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire dont rêve un grand chef cuisinier. Salon: Spacieux et lumineux grâce à sa vertigineuse hauteur sous plafond et ses grandes baies vitrées, le salon est doté d’un canapé d’angle (pouvant servir de 5e couchage 190x80cm). Confortablement installé, vous apprécierez visionner les grands classiques cinématographiques (DVD à votre disposition) sur grand écran. Aussi, un système sonore Bose vous permettra de diffuser votre musique dans le tout le loft (en bluetooth, avec jack et prise USB) ! Un coin loisir vous offrira la joie de belles soirées poker (mallette de jeux à consommer sur place). Un piano pour les amateurs de musique avec djembé e	Et si votre séjour parisien rimait avec splendeur, grandeur et bonheur ! Vous rêvez d’espace, de hauteur, d’œuvres d’art, de loisirs, de convivialité, d’une terrasse ? Cet appartement est ce qu’il vous faut ! Cuisine: Moderne et hautement équipée de TOUT ! Son ilot central vous fera apprécier vos déjeuners entre amis (10 chaises hautes mises à votre disposition). La cuisine est équipée de : 4 plaques de cuisson à induction, hotte, réfrigérateur/congélateur, micro-onde, four, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire dont rêve un grand chef cuisinier. Salon: Spacieux et lumineux grâce à sa vertigineuse hauteur sous plafond et ses grandes baies vitrées, le salon est doté d’un canapé d’angle (pouvant servir de 5e couchage 190x80cm). Confortablement installé, vous apprécierez visionner les grands classiques cinématographiques (DVD à votre disposition) sur grand écran. Aussi, un système sonore Bose vous permettra de diffuser votre musique dans l
28441	The flat is 49 square meter wide. It is very sunny, well furnished, and has a very nice design and decoration. Our cat stays at home when we leave so you will meet her.	Our flat is perfect to welcome a couple, is central in a trendy area, and close to several metros. It has a wide kitchen and a cosy living-room, plus a romantic bedroom, will allow you to spend a wonderful time at home at the end of the day. Enjoy! The flat is 49 square meter wide. It is very sunny, well furnished, and has a very nice design and decoration. Our cat stays at home when we leave so you will meet her. The guests will have the whole flat for themselves. We will not be there when the guests stay, since the avaibilities correspond with our vacation. they will be able to get the keys at the concierge. Our neighborhood is very young and hipster. It is in the 11th arrondissement, has loads of bars and restaurants, and the Bois de Vincennes nearby. Furthermore, the sub station NATION allowes you to access any place in the city since there are loads of different lines. subway, RER From ORLY: orlybus till Denfert Rochereau then line 6 on subway From ROISSY: take the RER B then chan
28442		tout équipé : Four/Machine à laver/canapé d'angle/ lit deux places/ Frigo.   métro Goncourt et République. equipement: Oven/ Washing machine/ coach/ 2 places bedroom/ refrigerator. Near by the metrotations Goncourt /République/  Bars /Restaurants
28443		Sur cour, au calme avec soleil en matinée la chambre est à 1 minute du métro Charonne. Quartier très commerçant et vivant. Très bien desservie par Métro et bus pour se rendre dans le centre de Paris. Salle de bain je peux donner des renseignements concernant le quartier, ses endroits sympathiques tant au niveau des commerçants que de la restauration et des endroits à voir. quartier vivant et sympathique avec de nombreux commerçants et petits restaurants. Tous moyens de transports à proximité. Station vélib au bas de la maison. bus et métro dans un rayon de 25m. station de taxi.
28444		Grand studio de 30 m2 avec balcon dans résidence privée avec jardin refait à neuf par architecte décorateur. Située à proximité du centre de Paris (10 min à pied). Accès internet gratuit. Idéal pour activités touristiques ou professionnelles.
28445		plus
28446	L'appartement est idéal pour un couple. Il est lumineux, au coeur du quartier. C'est comme vivre à la parisienne.	This apartment is very close to the subway, in a street where everything is available. Small shops, cafes, restaurants.
28447		Joli appartement dans un quartier dynamique et central. A dix minutes de République et de Bastille. Appartement bien agencé et cosy. La chambre en location est grande et colorée, je suis certaine que vous vous y sentirez bien.
28448	Welcome ! You will sleep in a quiet and charming bedroom (15m2) in a haussmanien flat (it is a typically parisian apartment) of 38m2 located in the heart of the 11th district of Paris (between Le Père Lachaise, Nation, Bastille and Republique).  We shall share the apartment. We shall be roommates during your stay.  Calm down, clear and pleasant, the apartment is situated in the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building, looking into court with elevator.  The building is very quiet and peaceful. It is rather about an ideal place to rest after a day of tourism or work.  All the rooms are separated and have a window: entrance, dressing room, kitchen, separated toilet (in the entrance), living room, bedroom with double bed and bathroom (the bathroom which we share in the room). Sheets, pillows and towels of baths are supplied.  I do not supply the shower gel and the shampoo. And I do not supply breakfast. The apartment is completely equipped and furnished (TV, free internet, fridge, iron,	Welcome ! You will sleep in a quiet and charming bedroom (15m2) in a haussmanien flat (it is a typically parisian apartment) of 38m2 located in the heart of the 11th district of Paris (between Le Père Lachaise, Nation, Bastille and Republique).  We shall share the apartment. We shall be roommates during your stay.  Calm down, clear and pleasant, the apartment is situated in the 2nd floor of a typically Parisian building, looking into court with elevator.  The building is very quiet and peaceful. It is rather about an ideal place to rest after a day of tourism or work.  All the rooms are separated and have a window: entrance, dressing room, kitchen, separated toilet (in the entrance), living room, bedroom with double bed and bathroom (the bathroom which we share in the room). Sheets, pillows and towels of baths are supplied.  I do not supply the shower gel and the shampoo. And I do not supply breakfast. The apartment is completely equipped and furnished (TV, free internet, fridge, iron,
28449		My apartment  is   near to Bastille  and very close to several metro stations , here you get some of  very good bars and restaurants , closer to cemetery pere lache , musee du louvre is only about 2 km away , this is an  apartment with all facilities ! Calm and posh naibourhood  and some trendy restaurants ! Closer to metro Voltaire and. Charrone  and. Couple of buss stations !
28450		Chambre spacieuse de 15m2, lumineuse pour une personne dans un spacieux appartement Haussmannien, celui ci situé dans un quartier très commerçant et très tendance. Connexion WIFI disponible dans l'appartement. Ascenseur dans l'immeuble.
28451	The studio is situated on the 2nd floor of a former hotel in Oberkampf. The place is quite small (16m2) but very convenient. It has a real kitchen separated with a door, and a full bathroom. The two double glazed windows makes the room bright without being noisy. On thursdays and sundays, you can buy typical food at the Bastille Market, situated just around the block !	This nice studio is situated on the 2nd floor of an former hotel in the nice and trendy 11th district.
28452	"Located in a very quiet street in the central and lively Bastille district of Paris, this 110 square meter apartment  is very light and view over a sunny terrace and gardens. The apartment is in a early XXth  century building , at the first  of 2 floors. The shape of the apartment is an L and has large factory style windows  all along one side  of the apartment. The little street is typical of Paris Bastille workshop area now full of cafés, restaurant, shops and artists. 7 minute walk from there is the Seine, and the""Port de l'Arsenal"". Next to Bastille start the ""Marais"" district, one of the oldest part of Pais, with place des Vosges, and many fashion shops, art  exhibition, bars ,restaurants ... The room has 2 single beds .The apartment consist of one entry with toilets, one big living room, with kitchen, 2 rooms , one bathroom with shower, one bathroom with bath,and a terracce . The apartment is equiped with all commodities and internet ,WIFI, a big TV, and a piano, Bed sheets and T"	"Located in a very quiet street in the central and lively Bastille district of Paris, this 110 square meter apartment  is very light and view over a sunny terrace and gardens. The apartment is in a early XXth  century building , at the first  of 2 floors. The shape of the apartment is an L and has large factory style windows  all along one side  of the apartment. The little street is typical of Paris Bastille workshop area now full of cafés, restaurant, shops and artists. 7 minute walk from there is the Seine, and the""Port de l'Arsenal"". Next to Bastille start the ""Marais"" district, one of the oldest part of Pais, with place des Vosges, and many fashion shops, art  exhibition, bars ,restaurants ... The room has 2 single beds .The apartment consist of one entry with toilets, one big living room, with kitchen, 2 rooms , one bathroom with shower, one bathroom with bath,and a terracce . The apartment is equiped with all commodities and internet ,WIFI, a big TV, and a piano, Bed sheets and T"
28453	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It's composed of one bright and big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, a bedroom on a courtyard, a separate and full equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub.	The apartment is located on a very quiet street, at the heart of a lively area, near Le Marais/Ménilmontant/Bastille. By walk, you could enjoy some trendy shops, good restaurants, funny bars, quality food shops and street market. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It's composed of one bright and big living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, a bedroom on a courtyard, a separate and full equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub. I would be glad to give you my favorite adresses of Paris to enjoy your trip. Here are some that I particularly appreciate :  - CHAMBELLAND, 14 Rue Ternaux : Nice bakery (No gluten) with a terrace and free wifi.  - MONTESINO, 57 rue Oberkampf : Delicious pastries !  - AUX DEUX AMIS, 45 rue Oberkampf : Cool place for a glass of wine, tapas. It's always crowded !  - LA CAVE DE L'INSOLITE, 30 rue de la Folie Méricourt : My favorite restaurant, french cuisine, beautiful place.  - L'ACOLYTE DE L'INSOLITE, 49 rue de la Folie Mér
28454	52m2 - 1 Bed room - 1 living with big US kitchen - 6 m2 of balcony Newly renovated (April 2011) 5 min walking from Bastille 10 min walking from place des Vosges / Marais 10 min walking from Oberkampf 10 min walking from place de la République 25 min walking from l'Hotel de Ville Underground 2 min from the appartment:  Richard Lenoir (line 5) Saint Sebastien-Froissart (line 8) Saint Ambroise (line 9) Very quiet on a garden -1 bed room with double bed and closet -1 living room with a couch that could be used as an extra bed for 2 people -separate writing desk -US Kitchen on the living room with a bar, oven, 1 big fridge, washing machine, dish washer, 4 hotplates, Nespresso, microwave -Bath room with bathtub and jet shower + TV 50 inch (127 cm) -numeric piano -wifi -phone to France included Very quiet and convenient!!! And for more than 2 weeks champagne included!!! No pet No smoking inside No party	52m2 - 1 Bed room - 1 living with big US kitchen - 6 m2 of balcony Newly renovated (April 2011) 5 min walking from Bastille 10 min walking from place des Vosges / Marais 10 min walking from Oberkampf 10 min walking from place de la République 25 min walking from l'Hotel de Ville Underground 2 min from the appartment:  Richard Lenoir (line 5) Saint Sebastien-Froissart (line 8) Saint Ambroise (line 9) Very quiet on a garden -1 bed room with double bed and closet -1 living room with a couch that could be used as an extra bed for 2 people -separate writing desk -US Kitchen on the living room with a bar, oven, 1 big fridge, washing machine, dish washer, 4 hotplates, Nespresso, microwave -Bath room with bathtub and jet shower + TV 50 inch (127 cm) -numeric piano -wifi -phone to France included Very quiet and convenient!!! And for more than 2 weeks champagne included!!! No pet No smoking inside No party
28455	Un quartier jeune et chaleureux Dans l’est de Paris, entre les stations de métro Parmentier et Saint-Maur, s’étend un quartier jeune et chaleureux, où il fait bon vivre ou encore louer un appartement pour des vacances à Paris. A deux pas d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier conserve son âme, le quartier Parmentier offre à la fois des avenues rectilignes de style haussmannien et de petites rues qui conservent toute leur âme, avec leurs nombreux cafés, bars, petits restaurants et boutiques en tous genres. A deux pas des turbulences branchées d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier est plus tranquille, tout en restant très vivant. Un excellent compromis pour un séjour branché dans la capitale avec possibilité de dormir au calme ! Longtemps caractérisé par une grande mixité sociale, ce quartier a rajeuni, attirant les cadres dynamiques, les professions libérales et les jeunes couples qui apprécient la vie parisienne. Parmentier, un quartier dédié aux flâneries Sans grands monuments, ni chefs-d’	Cet appartement de 149 m² , 4 pièces, est situé avenue de la Republique dans le 11ème arrondissement , au 3ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et il peut accueillir 9 personnes.  Un quartier jeune et chaleureux Dans l’est de Paris, entre les stations de métro Parmentier et Saint-Maur, s’étend un quartier jeune et chaleureux, où il fait bon vivre ou encore louer un appartement pour des vacances à Paris. A deux pas d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier conserve son âme, le quartier Parmentier offre à la fois des avenues rectilignes de style haussmannien et de petites rues qui conservent toute leur âme, avec leurs nombreux cafés, bars, petits restaurants et boutiques en tous genres. A deux pas des turbulences branchées d’Oberkampf, le quartier Parmentier est plus tranquille, tout en restant très vivant. Un excellent compromis pour un séjour branché dans la capitale avec possibilité de dormir au calme ! Longtemps caractérisé par une grande mixité sociale, ce quartier a rajeuni, attirant 
28456	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités en plein centre de Paris. Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout. Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et fours à votre disposition. 2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue
28457	Apartment has all the typical criteria of Parisian living spaces: flooring, fireplaces, balconies over the rooftops of Paris	Come into my place and enjoy your Parisian experience, You will définitly love it Apartment has all the typical criteria of Parisian living spaces: flooring, fireplaces, balconies over the rooftops of Paris Internet, washing machine, Private balcony  in the bedroom with a small table to enjoy a breakfast quietly in front of the view over the roofs of Paris and the tower effeil! I am listenning for all your requests:   - I can help you to find good addresses and tips to enjoy your stay - or I Can be Discrete leaving to you peacefully for enjoying your moments of rest and relaxation during your stay What about the 11th area except it is a part of Parisian life completely, overgrown terraces, bars, small shops and restaurants popular french chefs .. walking throught the biggest fruit ang vegetable market very popular in the capital to negotiate kilo of strawberries freshly arrived from Britany in the morning? Appreciate a pieace of a french brioche or traditional croissant bought at the d
28458		Chambre disponible du 1er au 31 aout dans un appartement de 45m, métro rue Saint Maur, ligne 3, en collocation avec ma copine Lea.  Elle travaille tous les jours du 8h à 21h et elle ne sera pas là les week end.
28459	We're offering a 1 bedroom apartment in the famous and cheerful neighborhood of Belleville, central Paris. 38m2, 3rd floor, no elevator, not far from the center and very close to the metro. The apartment is overlooking a quiet courtyard, in an old cobbled street - with all kind of shopping facilities (bistrots, asian and oriental restaurants, fast-food, greengrocer, pharmacy, bars) - that will lead you to the Place de la République through the famous Canal St-Martin.	We're offering a 1 bedroom apartment in the famous and cheerful neighborhood of Belleville, central Paris. 38m2, 3rd floor, no elevator, not far from the center and very close to the metro. The apartment is overlooking a quiet courtyard, in an old cobbled street - with all kind of shopping facilities (bistrots, asian and oriental restaurants, fast-food, greengrocer, pharmacy, bars) - that will lead you to the Place de la République through the famous Canal St-Martin. Three wide windows, a small entry, a bright and and cosy living room; one bedroom with a kingsize bed very comfy (brand new, less than a year) and a wide dressing (behind the curtains); a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, small freezer, gas stove, oven, microwave, blender, toaster, Nespresso machine); and a bathroom with separate toilet and a bathtub. Dans la mesure où nous ne pourrions vous accueillir le jour de votre arrivée, un membre de la famille sera là pour vous remettre les clefs et vous faire visiter notre che
28460	Attractive Parisian typical apartment situated in the district Alexandre Dumas, with old-style parquet.  It is a peaceful place, pleasantly cool in summer, to rest after visits.  The Bathroom is spacious, possesses a bathtub, a washbasin and the toilet bag.  The kitchen just renovated, is equipped with a refrigerator, a cooktop gas, oven, oven microwave, kitchen sink...  We shall share the bathroom and the kitchen when I am present, the bedroom is reserved for my use, but you will have the all living room which can welcome 3 people.  Good life of district very close by, in particular a very good pizzeria, a Indian restaurant and a good bakery at the street corner.  	Very typical quiet Parisian apartment located at the heart of Paris on the 1st floor.  Near Nation, Bastille, Oberkampf.. WiFi +, cooks …  Ideally situated in terms of transport; can welcome 2/3 people Attractive Parisian typical apartment situated in the district Alexandre Dumas, with old-style parquet.  It is a peaceful place, pleasantly cool in summer, to rest after visits.  The Bathroom is spacious, possesses a bathtub, a washbasin and the toilet bag.  The kitchen just renovated, is equipped with a refrigerator, a cooktop gas, oven, oven microwave, kitchen sink...  We shall share the bathroom and the kitchen when I am present, the bedroom is reserved for my use, but you will have the all living room which can welcome 3 people.  Good life of district very close by, in particular a very good pizzeria, a Indian restaurant and a good bakery at the street corner.  - WiFi (optical fiber)  - Sheets, hand towels  - kitchen  - Hairdryer  - Iron  - Washing machine - ...  - Ask ! Good plans, 
28461		L'appartement fait trois pièces. Je loue l'une des chambres pour de courts séjours (2 nuits à deux mois). Cohabitation facile et conviviale.  I rent a quiet and cosy room in a central & trendy area (minimum 2 nights)  An easy and friendly hosting.
28462	"Very central, confortable and quiet appartment in the center of Paris, 3mn walking to le Marais and 10mn to the very center.  The appartment is very accessible: it is located only 50 meters away from subways Filles du Calvaire (line 8) and Oberkampf (lines 5 & 9) and 5mn to République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11).  I think this is the best possible description, coming from a guest who stayed in the apartment: ""The apartment is located close enough to anywhere you might wan't to go and at the same time it is in a quiet and charming street away from the touristic hubbub. It is easy to access train stations and transport and easy to walk to Le Marais, Bastille, Pompidou, Notre Dame and only 15 minutes by Velib bike (available at the end of the street) to St. Germain, Monmarte or anywhere else you may want to visit. The flat is very comfortable. It has a separate bedroom and a good kitchen with an espresso machine that makes great coffee. It is an excellent place to relax after a busy day seein"	"I offer you a nice and cosy separate room in my charming appartment, perfectly located near the Marais, close to metros Oberkampf, Filles du Calvaire or République. You would be sharing my place with me! Very central, confortable and quiet appartment in the center of Paris, 3mn walking to le Marais and 10mn to the very center.  The appartment is very accessible: it is located only 50 meters away from subways Filles du Calvaire (line 8) and Oberkampf (lines 5 & 9) and 5mn to République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11).  I think this is the best possible description, coming from a guest who stayed in the apartment: ""The apartment is located close enough to anywhere you might wan't to go and at the same time it is in a quiet and charming street away from the touristic hubbub. It is easy to access train stations and transport and easy to walk to Le Marais, Bastille, Pompidou, Notre Dame and only 15 minutes by Velib bike (available at the end of the street) to St. Germain, Monmarte or anywhere else "
28463	My apartment, and the room you'll be renting, is located in the heart of Paris. In just a few minutes walk you can be at Republique, Bastille, The Marais, Canal St. Martin - not to mention easy access to Notre Dame, The Seine and 4 or 5 immediately accessible metro stations. You simply cannot beat the location and price.   The room itself receives great sunlight throughout the day, and there's storage room for clothes.    Couples interested can also check on availability of the larger room upon request, as I live in the apartment on a regular basis. The kitchen / bathroom and simple living room are shared.   With the great location, the perfect spot to  be out seeing sights thrugh the day and evening and relax and wind down at night.   I'm comfortable speaking english, french, spanish and some italian.  I'm a photographer, cinefile, dancer and overall lover of the arts.  Will do all i can to make your stay a comfortable and pleasant one. Looking for well reviewed guests who are serious	Located in the heart of Paris. In just a few minutes walk you can be at Republique, Bastille, The Marais, Canal St. Martin -  not to mention easy access to Notre Dame, The Seine and 4 or 5 immediately accessible metro stations. My apartment, and the room you'll be renting, is located in the heart of Paris. In just a few minutes walk you can be at Republique, Bastille, The Marais, Canal St. Martin - not to mention easy access to Notre Dame, The Seine and 4 or 5 immediately accessible metro stations. You simply cannot beat the location and price.   The room itself receives great sunlight throughout the day, and there's storage room for clothes.    Couples interested can also check on availability of the larger room upon request, as I live in the apartment on a regular basis. The kitchen / bathroom and simple living room are shared.   With the great location, the perfect spot to  be out seeing sights thrugh the day and evening and relax and wind down at night.   I'm comfortable speaking e
28464	This exceptional penthouse of 90 m2 is located in a great and trendy neighborhood Oberkampf near the Marais. 5TH FLOOR: Spacious living room designed in a very modern style, with piano.  Access to the huge 100 m2 terrace fully furnished with big trees and plants. On the same floor WC and the kitchen equipped with American fridge, 4 inductions, dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso. 6TH FLOOR:  3 bedrooms, WC, bathroom with bath tube & shower, washing and drying machine.  The room to rent is furnished with double sofa-bed with a comfortable mattress orthopedic, a desk and a wardrobe. There is direct access to the balcony with a table & chairs to have a view of Paris. Lift to 5th and 6th floor. One room is currently occupied by a student (a girl from Colombia) and another one by myself. I am a woman, very open mind, traveling a lot and speaking French, English, Spanish and Polish. Metro: Parmentier (line 3), Couronnes (line 2) Goncourt (line 11) Oberkampf (line 9 & 5) Possibility of par	This exceptional penthouse of 90 m2 is located in a great and trendy neighborhood Oberkampf near the Marais. 5TH FLOOR: Spacious living room designed in a very modern style, with piano.  Access to the huge 100 m2 terrace fully furnished with big trees and plants. On the same floor WC and the kitchen equipped with American fridge, 4 inductions, dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso. 6TH FLOOR:  3 bedrooms, WC, bathroom with bath tube & shower, washing and drying machine.  The room to rent is furnished with double sofa-bed with a comfortable mattress orthopedic, a desk and a wardrobe. There is direct access to the balcony with a table & chairs to have a view of Paris. Lift to 5th and 6th floor. One room is currently occupied by a student (a girl from Colombia) and another one by myself. I am a woman, very open mind, traveling a lot and speaking French, English, Spanish and Polish. Metro: Parmentier (line 3), Couronnes (line 2) Goncourt (line 11) Oberkampf (line 9 & 5) Possibility of par
28465	Appartement - 2 pièces, entièrement meublé et équipé, de 45m2, dans le 11ème arrondissement, au pied du métro Voltaire (ligne 9). Idéalement situé à 10 minutes à pied de Bastille. Appartement composé de deux chambres en enfilade avec lits deux places, canapés et grande télé. La chambre qui est proposée est celle située au bout et n'est donc pas traversante (avec la décoration zèbre sur les photos). Vous aurez donc toute votre tranquillité. Vous serez parfois seul donc l'appartement mais je ne peux le garantir, cela dépendra de mes voyages. Internet, cuisine équipée, Lave linge, Tout commerce à proximité. Fully furnished apartment, 45m2, perfectly located at litterally 10 meters from the subway stop Voltaire (on line 9), 10min walking from Bastille and République. The apt is made of 2 bedrooms in a row in which you can find a  bed for 2 people, a sofa and a big TV in your bedroom. You will have the bedroom at the end so you won't be disturb and noone will have to pass through your bedro	Appartement composé de deux chambres, d'une cuisine et une salle de bain dans le 11ème. Au pied du métro Voltaire (10m). Idéalement situé, tout commerce à proximité. Chambre moderne équipée d'un lit 2 places, un canapé et une grande télé. Appartement - 2 pièces, entièrement meublé et équipé, de 45m2, dans le 11ème arrondissement, au pied du métro Voltaire (ligne 9). Idéalement situé à 10 minutes à pied de Bastille. Appartement composé de deux chambres en enfilade avec lits deux places, canapés et grande télé. La chambre qui est proposée est celle située au bout et n'est donc pas traversante (avec la décoration zèbre sur les photos). Vous aurez donc toute votre tranquillité. Vous serez parfois seul donc l'appartement mais je ne peux le garantir, cela dépendra de mes voyages. Internet, cuisine équipée, Lave linge, Tout commerce à proximité. Fully furnished apartment, 45m2, perfectly located at litterally 10 meters from the subway stop Voltaire (on line 9), 10min walking from Bastille and
28466	L'appartement est spacieux, au deuxième et dernier étage d'une petite copropriété très sympathique et très calme. 	L'appartement est spacieux, au deuxième et dernier étage d'une petite copropriété très sympathique et très calme. Oberkampf, Parmentier, Menilmontant.  Métro Parmentier  Menilmontant
28467	My original and creative space offers you a cosy living room with sofa(bed), a little kitchen and breakfast bar, a large bedroom with king-size bed, a basic shower room and separate toilet. Double glazed windows in each room look out over inner courtyards that avoid noise from the street. The views aren't great but the sun that streams through the windows is lovely!  Wooden floors and original terracotta tiles add a certain old Parisian charm. 	Costume designer's colourful apartment. Set in the heart of Menilmontant, famous for its cool cafés & bars, minutes walk from Père Lachaise cemetery & Belleville park. Opposite metro with direct link to Eurostar! Full of character & Parisian charm. My original and creative space offers you a cosy living room with sofa(bed), a little kitchen and breakfast bar, a large bedroom with king-size bed, a basic shower room and separate toilet. Double glazed windows in each room look out over inner courtyards that avoid noise from the street. The views aren't great but the sun that streams through the windows is lovely!  Wooden floors and original terracotta tiles add a certain old Parisian charm. The apartment will be all yours although I may have to have access occasionally. If so I will be sure to give you plenty of notice and won't be there for long. It is on the market so if you love it, it could be yours! I'm english but have lived in Paris for 20 years. I'll be very happy to help you with
28468	This colourful flat is decorated with objects from all over the world that we bring back from all our trip around the world. It is very bright and sunny, we tried to make it also as comfortable as possible, and always keep a touch of nature, with plants and flowers inside the living room and on each windows, the room has also a small garden which gives a nice view to flowers when you wake up in the morning	This flat has been renovated recently, very bright with big windows and its skylights, it's very calm on a courtyard . Well located in center of Paris, comfortable and full equipped it will be your perfect cosy spot to have a break after your visit. This colourful flat is decorated with objects from all over the world that we bring back from all our trip around the world. It is very bright and sunny, we tried to make it also as comfortable as possible, and always keep a touch of nature, with plants and flowers inside the living room and on each windows, the room has also a small garden which gives a nice view to flowers when you wake up in the morning You will have access to the whole place, one master bedroom with queen size bed, the big living room with a room corner, a full equipped kitchen, a bathroom with toilets and a separate toilets. A private underground parking 3 minutes walking from the house if you come with a car We will share with you our best recommendations for shopping
28469		Nice and bright room in a shared appartment, located in the 11th discrict of ma
28470	"The apartment is fully furnished located in the 11th District of Paris. Attractive apartment 34m2, 5nd floor with a nice view.  Grocer's shop open all the night, ""Franprix"" in 1 mn to walk and Monoprix 5 mn, small organic store, bakery, lots of restaurant near, lots of bar in Bastille. Le Marais: 20mn on foot Châtelet: 15mn subway Furnished and equipped with cooktops, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer. The room is equipped TV + Wifi "	All flat feature bed, TV + Wifi, kitchen, dressing, private bathroom, washing machine
28471	The apartment is a large studio with open kitchen to the main room. Very bright and quiet , it is ideal for a couple who want to discover Paris . The decor is modern and simple . WIFI in broadband , with a computer available for internet. The apartment is on the 5th floor (without elevator). It is well placed , 50m from metro Voltaire (line 9) , and 500m from the metro Père Lachaise or philippe Auguste (line 2) . It is surrounded by shops in a very nice neighborhood : Bars and very nice restaurants in walking distance in all directions ! The apartment is clean and well maintained (kitchen and bathroom cleaned with bleach before each arrival and freshly laundered sheets ;)) .	Welcome in Paris!  Welcoming Studio-miniloft of 36 m², very bright and pleasant.  Perfect for a couple willing to discover Paris.  Most of all, really quiet and ideally located (50m from métro Voltaire, ligne 9 (not far from République). The apartment is a large studio with open kitchen to the main room. Very bright and quiet , it is ideal for a couple who want to discover Paris . The decor is modern and simple . WIFI in broadband , with a computer available for internet. The apartment is on the 5th floor (without elevator). It is well placed , 50m from metro Voltaire (line 9) , and 500m from the metro Père Lachaise or philippe Auguste (line 2) . It is surrounded by shops in a very nice neighborhood : Bars and very nice restaurants in walking distance in all directions ! The apartment is clean and well maintained (kitchen and bathroom cleaned with bleach before each arrival and freshly laundered sheets ;)) . Equipped kitchen (coffee machine, electric hotplate and fridge) Bathroom ( was
28472		Situé à un quart d'heure à pied du Marais et de République. Propre, refait à neuf, parquet et bar en bois naturel, salle de bain séparé du lieu de vie, cuisine équipée. C'est un cocon paisible dans un quartier agréable où l'on peut tout faire à pied
28473		Appartement de 50 m2 avec balcon de 8 m2 orienté Sud-Ouest, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. A 5 stations de métro du coeur de Paris. Quartier en pleine effervescence. Idéalement situé au centre du 11ème arrondissement de Paris, à quelques pas de République et Bastille. A 50m du square Gardette avec son kiosque à musique datant de 1899. Nombreux restos de très bon rapport qualité/prix à vous recommander. Accès par métro Ligne 3, arrêt Rue Saint Maur  (à 50 m) 
28474		Apt de 30 m2 au sol, idéal pour weekend en amoureux. Quartier vivant. Terrasse avec vue imprenable et sans vis à vis sur Paris. Poutre apparente charme de l'ancien. mais pas très haut de plafond. Possibilité négocier pour l'été.
28475	Recently renovated, the studio is very bright with three windows overlooking the private courtyard. It has a high ceiling with a hardwood floor. It is midway down the courtyard and up one flight of stairs. In the principal room there is an American queen  size bed with matching bedside tables and lamps. There is also a custom closet with a full size mirror. In case of an extra guest make use of the designer Cinna fold out leather sofa. The expandable breakfast table by the window easily seats 3 . Kitchen: The kitchen is basic and equipped with a fridge, microwave, 2 top range, toaster, and coffeemaker.  Terrace/Patio: A relaxing place to enjoy your cup of coffee in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening. Bathroom: In the main bathroom, you have a full size luxury shower, a spacious sink and dressing area, and a washing machine. In the secondary part, you have a separate sink, mirror, and toilet.	Recently renovated, the studio is very bright with three windows overlooking the private courtyard. It has a high ceiling with a hardwood floor. It is midway down the courtyard and up one flight of stairs. In the principal room there is an American queen  size bed with matching bedside tables and lamps. There is also a custom closet with a full size mirror. In case of an extra guest make use of the designer Cinna fold out leather sofa. The expandable breakfast table by the window easily seats 3 . Kitchen: The kitchen is basic and equipped with a fridge, microwave, 2 top range, toaster, and coffeemaker.  Terrace/Patio: A relaxing place to enjoy your cup of coffee in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening. Bathroom: In the main bathroom, you have a full size luxury shower, a spacious sink and dressing area, and a washing machine. In the secondary part, you have a separate sink, mirror, and toilet.
28476	Our apartment is very sunny and calm, away from the noise of the city. Situated on the top floor (6, no elevator), all the rooms offer stunning views over the rooftops of Paris, and sunlight to every hour of the day. You can enjoy four separate rooms, and a large kitchen. Our apartment (80m2) has two bedrooms: one room with a double bed, and a children's bedroom with a single bed. There is also a convertible bed in the living room. Each furniture and lighting is contemporary design. Plants adorn each window. Notre appartement est très ensoleillé et calme. Il donne à la fois sur une rue et une cour à l'abri du bruit de la ville. Comme il se situe au dernier étage (6e, pas d'ascenseur), toute les pièces offrent une vue agréable sur les toits de Paris, et un ensoleillement optimale à toute les heures de la journée. Vous pourrez profiter de 4 pièces indépendantes, plus une grande cuisine. Notre appartement (80m2) possède deux chambres : une chambre avec un lit 2 places, et une chambre enfa	Beautiful apartment near Bastille. 6th floor. Very calm, sun, views, contemporary furnishings. Opportunity sleeps 4. 2 bedrooms and living / dining room with sofa bed. Large kitchen. Our apartment is very sunny and calm, away from the noise of the city. Situated on the top floor (6, no elevator), all the rooms offer stunning views over the rooftops of Paris, and sunlight to every hour of the day. You can enjoy four separate rooms, and a large kitchen. Our apartment (80m2) has two bedrooms: one room with a double bed, and a children's bedroom with a single bed. There is also a convertible bed in the living room. Each furniture and lighting is contemporary design. Plants adorn each window. Notre appartement est très ensoleillé et calme. Il donne à la fois sur une rue et une cour à l'abri du bruit de la ville. Comme il se situe au dernier étage (6e, pas d'ascenseur), toute les pièces offrent une vue agréable sur les toits de Paris, et un ensoleillement optimale à toute les heures de la jo
28477		Studio is very well located 2min walk from Bastille metro and 5min walk from Le Marais; in a top end, well maintained residence. Area gathers many restaurants, shops and the Bastille Marche. Studio is spacious, comfortable with a nice balcony.
28478	This flat has a real kitchen geared with hotplates, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and a walk-in shower, which is quite large. A bed for two people (140 * 200)  is in a mezzanine and there is a sofa bed (160 * 200) in the living room. We'll welcome you with pleasure and give you lots of information about the neighborhood and Paris . The apartment is in a typical Parisian neighborhood with shops in  rue de la Roquette and restaurants. You can walk on foot or go, by subway or bus, to  attractions  : the Louvre and other museums, galleries Lafayette or the Tuileries garden . The closest subway is on the 9th line,  Voltaire-Léon Blum.  There is also Richard-Lenoir on the 5th line that is quite close. For the bus, it's the 61 or 46 and it's on the place Léon Blum, next the subway. The apartment is on court , so no traffic noise but vibrations underground subway sometimes perceive. This is not a problem but it may surprise you.	This flat has a real kitchen geared with hotplates, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and a walk-in shower, which is quite large. A bed for two people (140 * 200)  is in a mezzanine and there is a sofa bed (160 * 200) in the living room. We'll welcome you with pleasure and give you lots of information about the neighborhood and Paris . The apartment is in a typical Parisian neighborhood with shops in  rue de la Roquette and restaurants. You can walk on foot or go, by subway or bus, to  attractions  : the Louvre and other museums, galleries Lafayette or the Tuileries garden . The closest subway is on the 9th line,  Voltaire-Léon Blum.  There is also Richard-Lenoir on the 5th line that is quite close. For the bus, it's the 61 or 46 and it's on the place Léon Blum, next the subway. The apartment is on court , so no traffic noise but vibrations underground subway sometimes perceive. This is not a problem but it may surprise you. The apartment is on court , so no traffic noise but vibrations un
28479	"A unique quiet flat ""like a house"" on the roof of the building. Large open space with a contemporary style and design furniture. One big family (with 4 children) or two families with 2 children can feet in the flat. Smaller families will have a lot of space ! Rare in the very center of Paris"	"In the fashionable neighborhood of ""Le Marais"", near the shop ""Merci"" and the ""Place des Vosges"", nice 140 sm flat with 4 bedrooms (2 double / 2 single). Very quiet and with light. A large open space in a architectural and design decoration. A unique quiet flat ""like a house"" on the roof of the building. Large open space with a contemporary style and design furniture. One big family (with 4 children) or two families with 2 children can feet in the flat. Smaller families will have a lot of space ! Rare in the very center of Paris Access to wifi, TV, DVD, washing machine, complete kitchen including Nespresso machine refiled. We - or our friend - welcome the guest when they arrive. We have printed a little book of the flat to help them to use any machine and to be comfortable at home Everybody in Paris knows the MARAIS. It is the real true center  and heart of Paris : active, safe, historical and with lots of shops, restaurants and galleries. metro station : FILLES DU CALVAIRE just down t"
28480	Very large, bright apartment, pleasant and in the heart of the 11th district, close to all amenities. We are 4 students and young workers very friendly and always open to discussion and help our guests to discover Paris! The room is 18m2 with a large comfortable bed and a small sitting area with a sofa (which can be unfolded into a double bed), an armchair and a coffee table. It overlooks the courtyard of the building so very quiet. There are no curtains but shutters can close. CAUTION it there's often people who come in the apartment, we love entertaining friends for a drink or prepare before going out, cook meals or watching movies. You are welcome to share these moments with us if you like!	Very large, bright and pleasant apartment to live, with all amenities located in the heart of the 11th district. Quiet and spacious room overlooking the courtyard. We are 4 very nice students who will help you discover Paris! Very large, bright apartment, pleasant and in the heart of the 11th district, close to all amenities. We are 4 students and young workers very friendly and always open to discussion and help our guests to discover Paris! The room is 18m2 with a large comfortable bed and a small sitting area with a sofa (which can be unfolded into a double bed), an armchair and a coffee table. It overlooks the courtyard of the building so very quiet. There are no curtains but shutters can close. CAUTION it there's often people who come in the apartment, we love entertaining friends for a drink or prepare before going out, cook meals or watching movies. You are welcome to share these moments with us if you like! You can use absolutely everything in the apartment whether for cooking,
28481	Entre amis ou en famille (enfants en bas âge y compris) profitez pleinement du calme de notre mini loft atypique et cosy (ancienne boutique en RDC) de 50 m². Calme, il est situé au RDC d’un immeuble ancien typiquement parisien. Il comprend une chambre, un salon, une large mezzanine, une cuisine, une salle-de-bain et des toilettes indépendantes. Nous l’avons entièrement rénové, agencé et décoré selon nos goûts (chamarrés). Il offre une possibilité de 5 couchages (un lit double, un futon convertible double, un couchage simple sur mezzanine, déconseillée aux moins de 10 ans). Il dispose de tous les équipements dédiés à votre confort. Ainsi, vous pourrez regarder la télévision, avoir accès à Internet (Wi-Fi), cuisiner douillettement et profiter d’une salle de bain très ergonomique avec baignoire d’angle et douche de pluie. Nous mettons à votre disposition entre autres un lave-vaisselle, un lave-linge et de manière moins prosaïque quelques ouvrages et de la documentation sur Paris. Vous pou	Bienvenue chez nous, en plein Paris et au calme dans le triangle Bastille, République, Père Lachaise. Entre amis ou en famille (enfants en bas âge y compris) profitez pleinement du calme de notre mini loft atypique et cosy (ancienne boutique en RDC) de 50 m². Calme, il est situé au RDC d’un immeuble ancien typiquement parisien. Il comprend une chambre, un salon, une large mezzanine, une cuisine, une salle-de-bain et des toilettes indépendantes. Nous l’avons entièrement rénové, agencé et décoré selon nos goûts (chamarrés). Il offre une possibilité de 5 couchages (un lit double, un futon convertible double, un couchage simple sur mezzanine, déconseillée aux moins de 10 ans). Il dispose de tous les équipements dédiés à votre confort. Ainsi, vous pourrez regarder la télévision, avoir accès à Internet (Wi-Fi), cuisiner douillettement et profiter d’une salle de bain très ergonomique avec baignoire d’angle et douche de pluie. Nous mettons à votre disposition entre autres un lave-vaisselle, un
28482	It s a perfectly equipped nice flat of 35m2 located in the 2nd floor of a typical Parisian building, with a bright room, a lovely living room and kitchen and a brand new bathroom.  You will find everything you would expect in a hotelroom ; towels, bedsheets, duvet, highspeed wireless Internet and storage space. Located in the Pere Lachaise district, it s only 10 minutes walking to Bastille and 15 minutes to Le Marais and city center Area. You will find many buses and subway driving you in 20 minutes to Paris most known sites (Hotel de Ville, Saint Michel, Chatelet, Louvres, Musee d Orsay etc.) If there is anything else you´d like to know, please get in touch. Kind regards Elodie  	It s a perfectly equipped nice flat of 35m2 located in the 2nd floor of a typical Parisian building, with a bright room, a lovely living room and kitchen and a brand new bathroom.  You will find everything you would expect in a hotelroom ; towels, bedsheets, duvet, highspeed wireless Internet and storage space. Located in the Pere Lachaise district, it s only 10 minutes walking to Bastille and 15 minutes to Le Marais and city center Area. You will find many buses and subway driving you in 20 minutes to Paris most known sites (Hotel de Ville, Saint Michel, Chatelet, Louvres, Musee d Orsay etc.) If there is anything else you´d like to know, please get in touch. Kind regards Elodie  
28483	L'appartement est entièrement équipé (lave vaisselle,four,plaques de cuisson,micro-ondes,grille pain,bouilloire,machine à café Nespresso,frigidaire -congélateur,TV,lave linge,sèche cheveux,salle de bain a l'italienne et WC séparé,draps et serviettes fournis lors de votre séjour	Charmant et chaleureux appartement de 47m2 au 5ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon/terrasse sur Bastille,ligne 1 ou 5,très central(place des Vosges 2mn,Marais 8mn).Appartement avec chambre privative 2pers et Convertible salon 2pers,lit pour bébé L'appartement est entièrement équipé (lave vaisselle,four,plaques de cuisson,micro-ondes,grille pain,bouilloire,machine à café Nespresso,frigidaire -congélateur,TV,lave linge,sèche cheveux,salle de bain a l'italienne et WC séparé,draps et serviettes fournis lors de votre séjour Appartement au 5ème accessible par ascenseur Très central sur la ligne 1 ou 5 du métro joignable sur mon portable Appartement 2 pièces  de 47m2 très lumineux centre Paris  5ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon terrasse Parc de jeux pour enfants devant l'immeuble Situé sur Bastille ligne 1 et 5(au pied de l'immeuble) Place des Vosges a 2mn Gardien d'immeuble en cas de problèmes
28484	The flat is really charming, as both of the tenants are quite into décoration and design. Antique chimneys in each room (not working !), old wooden floor, wooded courtyard, separated kitchen, our flat can welcome up to 4 people in 2 double beds, located in separated bedrooms with windows looking at the courtyard. Shower, separated toilets. It is absolutely calm even if situated in this animated area, a nice retreat from the dazzling city.   	Trully peaceful, located in a sweet and charming wooded courtyard, right in the heart of one of the most animated areas in Paris, famous for its artistic atmosphère and vibrant, tourists-free vibe. The flat is really charming, as both of the tenants are quite into décoration and design. Antique chimneys in each room (not working !), old wooden floor, wooded courtyard, separated kitchen, our flat can welcome up to 4 people in 2 double beds, located in separated bedrooms with windows looking at the courtyard. Shower, separated toilets. It is absolutely calm even if situated in this animated area, a nice retreat from the dazzling city.   You get access to the whole flat Please feel free to contact us for any question, regarding the flat or your stay in Paris, we will be happy to help ! We're happy to give little tips about our beloved city as well! https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/pere-lachaise-menilmontant Métro Ménilmontant, metro line 2 (really convenient if you travel by train)  
28485	For rent two-room apartment in Paris' 11th arrondissement near the Place de la Bastille and Place de la Republique. Located on the second floor and an area of 55m2 with parquet floors, beamed ceilings and open kitchen, it has a large, bright room with four windows overlooking the street and a children's room with bathroom and shower. Completely renovated by an architect, it also has a TV, DVD player and internet connection. The kitchen is equipped with fridge, oven, electric hob and a dishwasher. The apartment also has so need a washing machine. You can find many shops and restaurants in the neighborhood and a supermarket around the corner. You are also close to the Bastille Opera, cinemas located near the Place de la Bastille and the Marais district and there are many art galleries. As regards public transport, a bus runs right down the street and takes you to Bastille and the Marais. The nearest metro station is Saint-Ambroise, or Richard Lenoir. The special housing is that it is dec	For rent two-room apartment in Paris' 11th arrondissement near the Place de la Bastille and Place de la Republique. Located on the second floor and an area of 55m2 with parquet floors, beamed ceilings and open kitchen, it has a large, bright room with four windows overlooking the street and a children's room with bathroom and shower. Completely renovated by an architect, it also has a TV, DVD player and internet connection. The kitchen is equipped with fridge, oven, electric hob and a dishwasher. The apartment also has so need a washing machine. You can find many shops and restaurants in the neighborhood and a supermarket around the corner. You are also close to the Bastille Opera, cinemas located near the Place de la Bastille and the Marais district and there are many art galleries. As regards public transport, a bus runs right down the street and takes you to Bastille and the Marais. The nearest metro station is Saint-Ambroise, or Richard Lenoir. The special housing is that it is dec
28486	-- Quartier Bastille, un grand studio très lumineux avec vue sur Paris.  N'hésitez pas à me poser toutes vos questions !	Located right between Bastille and Nation, my new apartment is very central and will make your stay in Paris very convenient! It is furnished with taste, and offers light and a view at the same time! The neighborhood is both lively and very safe. Please, feel free to ask more ! :) -- Quartier Bastille, un grand studio très lumineux avec vue sur Paris.  N'hésitez pas à me poser toutes vos questions !
28487	The double bedroom is on the first-floor, with the WC and the bathroom. The kitchen, living room and second bedroom (with a brand new and comfy collapsible bed) are on the second floor. There is an elliptical cross trainers upstairs in the single bedroom. Metro lines : 1 and 5 are very close, 8 and 3 are ten minute walk away. There are several velib (bykes to rent) and autolib (cars to rent) stations close by. Two supermarkets are less than 5 mn walk from the flat. Notre-Dame and Beaubourg are within walking distance. No pet please.	This two-floor apt is like a small house, located in the 11th, 5mn walk from the Bastille, bordering the Marais in a less touristy and more authentic area.  Lively area, restaurants, bars, a big open air mkt. Convenient to visit all the major sights. The double bedroom is on the first-floor, with the WC and the bathroom. The kitchen, living room and second bedroom (with a brand new and comfy collapsible bed) are on the second floor. There is an elliptical cross trainers upstairs in the single bedroom. Metro lines : 1 and 5 are very close, 8 and 3 are ten minute walk away. There are several velib (bykes to rent) and autolib (cars to rent) stations close by. Two supermarkets are less than 5 mn walk from the flat. Notre-Dame and Beaubourg are within walking distance. No pet please. The flat is all yours during your stay. I can be contacted easily for further information. There are several good restaurants nearby, ranging from the small very local friendly place to the traditional parisian
28488		2pieces de 36m2, 1 chambre, 1 salle salon, cuisine séparée, salle de bain. Très propres, calme,  Quartier 11ème Père Lachaise 20mn a pied de Bastille Metro a 4/5mn a pied
28489	Logement un peu décoré par tout les habitants même petit... Situé au troisième étage sans ascenseur A votre disposition une connexion wifi, un plan de Paris et de sa banlieue proche ainsi que tous les renseignements dont vous aurez besoin ! Un canapé-lit confortable d'une place et demie vous permettra le soir de récupérer des aventures parisiennes de la journée ! Un vrai lit deux places peut le remplacer, à votre préférence. Possibilité également d'un lit enfant sans supplément. Un piano est à votre disposition dans la chambre  Situé dans le quartier du père Lachaise, ce deux pièces de 42 mètres carrés offre une proximité avec le centre de paris.  	Nous nous proposons de vous accueillir dans notre joli appartement donnant sur une petite rue calme.  Logement un peu décoré par tout les habitants même petit... Situé au troisième étage sans ascenseur A votre disposition une connexion wifi, un plan de Paris et de sa banlieue proche ainsi que tous les renseignements dont vous aurez besoin ! Un canapé-lit confortable d'une place et demie vous permettra le soir de récupérer des aventures parisiennes de la journée ! Un vrai lit deux places peut le remplacer, à votre préférence. Possibilité également d'un lit enfant sans supplément. Un piano est à votre disposition dans la chambre  Situé dans le quartier du père Lachaise, ce deux pièces de 42 mètres carrés offre une proximité avec le centre de paris.  Tout le logement.  Aucune zone ne sera partagée puisque nous ne seront pas dans les lieux. Prenez soin du piano si vous l'utilisez. Il est préférable si vous fumez de le faire près des fenêtres et dans la chambre de gauche ou la cuisine. Nous
28490	Cozy, compact room with a romantic view on the roofs of Paris. Very quiet, it overlooks a courtyard. It includes: -A comfortable bed for two persons -A private bathroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet There is a cat in the apartment.	In the East of the Marais, this cozy and confortable room with a private bathroom is waiting for you! In a typical parisian appartment, ideal for 2 guests with a kitchen and a living room. Easy access to major metro lines, restaurants, bars & shops. Cozy, compact room with a romantic view on the roofs of Paris. Very quiet, it overlooks a courtyard. It includes: -A comfortable bed for two persons -A private bathroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet There is a cat in the apartment. -Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave oven, cooker) -Living room  -WIFI Internet -Washing machine -Storage room for luggage As locals, we are delighted to give advice to our guests and to make sure they will have a wonderful time in Paris. The apartment is ideally located in a lively street of the 11th arrondissement of Paris, full ofgood restaurants with low car traffic between Bastille and République, the two main hubs of the East of Paris. Bars are a few meters away, just far enough to avoid th
28491	Charming & Romantic 28m2 apartment in the heart of Paris: Bastille. Fully renovated. Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 1 minute from Bastille. 10 minutes from Le Marais by walking. Cafés, restaurants, and the most important a big Bio Coop furniture & food store with a bread and cake shop inside. The apartment has a large Queen Size Bed (1m60) as well as an extra mattress suitable for 1 kid or friend. The place fits 2 comfortably or 3 cosily! The kitchen is brand new and equiped with microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven... All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer.The neighbourhood is mostly residential and our minister of Defense lives in front of the building, so it's safe and quiet!! The apartment is a 1 minute walk to the metro Bastille line 1, Voltaire Metro line 9, Ledru Rollin line Metro line 8. Also located 10 minutes away from Gare De Lyon (train station), with Metro Lines 1 and 14. All lines are speedy and conveniently takes you straight t	Ce charmant studio de 28m2 dans un immeuble typique du XIème arrondissement sera parfait pour un séjour en plein coeur de Paris! Lumineux et confortable, il est le pied à terre rêvé des amoureux/amis en quête d'aventures ou désireux de flemmarder! Charming & Romantic 28m2 apartment in the heart of Paris: Bastille. Fully renovated. Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 1 minute from Bastille. 10 minutes from Le Marais by walking. Cafés, restaurants, and the most important a big Bio Coop furniture & food store with a bread and cake shop inside. The apartment has a large Queen Size Bed (1m60) as well as an extra mattress suitable for 1 kid or friend. The place fits 2 comfortably or 3 cosily! The kitchen is brand new and equiped with microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven... All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer.The neighbourhood is mostly residential and our minister of Defense lives in front of the building, so it's safe and quiet!! The apartment is a 
28492		Chambre privée de 11 m2 avec lit double, bureau, chaise, penderie, étagères; Dans un appartement de 3 pièces au 3ème étage (ascenseur); Accès à  Salle de bains, WC séparés, cuisine très équipée et salon.
28493	Calm and confy, this flat is made for you. You'll be able to enjoy every minutes in it, even if you are here for a short week-end.	Come and discover my nice appartment near Pere Lachaise and Bastille. You'll have a nice access to a lot of very nice places you'll be able to visit and you'll find a lot of restaurants ! I'll be pleased to tell you which! Calm and confy, this flat is made for you. You'll be able to enjoy every minutes in it, even if you are here for a short week-end. You'll have access to high internet connexion.  There are a lot of restaurants ( chinese, vietnamese, french etc...) and very nice boutiques of clothes rue de charonne. You'll be near Bastille where you can find a lot of pubs and bars.  You have line 2 and 9 of the metro and line 76 with the bus.
28494	27m2 flat at the 4th floor (without elevator). Quiet with lots of light.  Digicode and interphone. One bedroom with a double bed and rolling shutter. A living room with fully equipped kitchen (oven, cooktop, fridge & freezer, microwave oven, washing machine, cutlery and plates...). A bathroom with toilets, spacious shower, hair dryer. Free wifi.	Beautiful apartment, calm, very sunny, situated in 11th neighborhood in Paris. Lots of metro and bus stations nearby, as well as shops & restaurants. Ideal location to explore such areas as Père Lachaise, Bastille, Marais or Canal St Martin on foot. 27m2 flat at the 4th floor (without elevator). Quiet with lots of light.  Digicode and interphone. One bedroom with a double bed and rolling shutter. A living room with fully equipped kitchen (oven, cooktop, fridge & freezer, microwave oven, washing machine, cutlery and plates...). A bathroom with toilets, spacious shower, hair dryer. Free wifi. The whole flat is available for travellers, along with a dedicated space in the bedroom's closet. Visitors can also use the kitchen as well as the washing mashine. I'll be glad to exchange with you before, during and after your stay so that you can make the most of your stay in Paris. I live nearby, and will be able to greet you myself and show you around the flat. There are three metro lines nearby
28495	Vous apprécierez de vous détendre ou de travailler dans un appartement   fonctionnel car tout est a votre disposition. Ideal pour un séjour d' affaires ou un voyage à titre privé Un ordinateur Mac avec scanner et imprimante, une cuisine équipée, une chambre avec des rangements, box internet avec la fibre et 220 chaines TV + bein sports,,, De plus, vous profiterez d' un lieu lumineux été comme hiver avec ces grandes baies vitrées. C est un appartement typiquement parisien dans une impasse, vue sur des toits parisiens avec un parquet en bois au sol et de hauts plafonds, sans compter des fenetres dans toutes les pièces. 	Appartement lumineux  et très bien situé dans le quartier de Voltaire, à 10 minutes de Bastille à pieds. 2 pièces typique,  grande chambre, 4 vrais couchages, salle de bain, linge mis à disposition, ordinateur mac à dispositon, cuisine tout équipée Vous apprécierez de vous détendre ou de travailler dans un appartement   fonctionnel car tout est a votre disposition. Ideal pour un séjour d' affaires ou un voyage à titre privé Un ordinateur Mac avec scanner et imprimante, une cuisine équipée, une chambre avec des rangements, box internet avec la fibre et 220 chaines TV + bein sports,,, De plus, vous profiterez d' un lieu lumineux été comme hiver avec ces grandes baies vitrées. C est un appartement typiquement parisien dans une impasse, vue sur des toits parisiens avec un parquet en bois au sol et de hauts plafonds, sans compter des fenetres dans toutes les pièces. Accès à toutes les pièces du logement. Nous serons joingnable toute la durée de votre séjour et nous serons à votre dispositio
28496	This is my Home: it can be yours for a while. Appartement can fit easily six people if needed- Only One bathroom with tube - Separated WC -  very easy going place, lot of books , movies.. 	Charming appt up to 6 people in a popular area - 3 bedrooms: 2 X King bed , 1 x Single bed (+mattress) Livingroom w/ 2 sofas - 100% équiped (website hidden) - Wifi - 1 bathroom -  1 WC - small terrace for diners, breakfast... This is my Home: it can be yours for a while. Appartement can fit easily six people if needed- Only One bathroom with tube - Separated WC -  very easy going place, lot of books , movies.. Subway station closed (lignes 9 and 2) , many shops & stores 1 restaurants. Green Markets - Popular area- Quite street. - Nations 10 min walking - Bastille and the Opera 15 min walking through pleasant streets Subway - Buses - Velib (bicycles for rent)  - and Walk: this is Paris! I will live in it everything I have and matters for me - us - and my sons.  Please water the plants and flowers if its very hot!
28497	Mon appartement est idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple , en famille ou entre amis ( canapé convertible dans le salon pour 2 personnes supplémentaires). Il est très lumineux avec de grandes  fenêtres toutes équipées de volets extérieurs. Excellents restaurants très proches et ambiance nocturne vers Bastille à 15 mn à pied dans quartier très sur.	Appartement 50m2 baigné de lumière, idéal pour couple (seul ou avec enfants), dans un quartier vivant et animé. Proximité de Bastille dans quartier agréable, commerçant et typiquement (website hidden) nombreux restaurants et bars à proximité. Mon appartement est idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple , en famille ou entre amis ( canapé convertible dans le salon pour 2 personnes supplémentaires). Il est très lumineux avec de grandes  fenêtres toutes équipées de volets extérieurs. Excellents restaurants très proches et ambiance nocturne vers Bastille à 15 mn à pied dans quartier très sur. Vous avez accés à l'ensemble de l'appartement excepté un placard fermé. Vous serez accueillis à votre arrivée, et je serai joignable pour vous renseigner tout au long de votre séjour. Quartier idéalement situé proche de Bastille ,  du Marais et Canal St Martin. Père Lachaise à 5 minutes à pied. Logement se situe à 1 mn du  métro Charonne (ligne 9 directe jusqu à la Tour Eiffel ) et de nombreux bus à 100M 
28498	"Appartment renewed in an old building of Central Paris, close to Republique and the nighty Oberkampf street. It has an open plan kitchen and a separate bedroom in a ""wood"" appartement : exposed beams, bar, desk and chimney. The neighboorhood is lively with nice restaurants, bars and the Canal Saint-Martin nearby. You will enjoy it! 5 min walk from 3 subway stations : Goncourt (L11), Parmentier (L3) and  Couronnes (L2) One Velib Stations just under the windows"	"Home made appartement with my travel souvenir. I bought it 4 years ago and renewed it  to feel confortable. Perfect for a couple. Appartment renewed in an old building of Central Paris, close to Republique and the nighty Oberkampf street. It has an open plan kitchen and a separate bedroom in a ""wood"" appartement : exposed beams, bar, desk and chimney. The neighboorhood is lively with nice restaurants, bars and the Canal Saint-Martin nearby. You will enjoy it! 5 min walk from 3 subway stations : Goncourt (L11), Parmentier (L3) and  Couronnes (L2) One Velib Stations just under the windows 5 min walk from 3 subway stations : Goncourt (L11), Parmentier (L3) and  Couronnes (L2) Republique 8 min away with lines 5, 8 & 9 more 20 min metro from Gare du Nord or Chatelet"
28499	The apartment can welcome 4 people.	Beautiful apartment of charm of 20 m ² on the place(square) of the republic in the 10th district of Paris Very well equipped (oven, washes dishes(crockery), washing machine, tumble-dryer, plates(patches)) Double bed on mezzanine and sofa double bed The apartment can welcome 4 people. The travelers will have access in all of the apartment The district of the republic is a very alive district situated in full center of Paris in 5 minutes on foot of the Saint Martin canal and 10 minutes on foot of the Swamp.  We find numerous café terraces and trendy restaurants, as well as numerous theaters there. The apartment is situated 50 meters away from subway lines 3,5,8,9 and 11. The apartment is has side of the station(resort) taken(brought) out Republic magenta avenue A border of rent of bike of Paris is at the foot of the apartment as well as of the numerous bus lines.
