31200	"Our little piece of Paris is situated at the foothills of Montmarte, on a street described by many visiting friends as ""exactly what I imagined Paris to look like.""  We live in an airy and bright 43 squared meter apartment on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building. Our apartment is overlooking two different courtyards, so a bit of tranquility and quiet is a guarantee after a long day of taking in the sights.  It is a proper one bedroom, with a separate living room (with pull out couch) fully equipped kitchen, and bathroom. It is ideal for up to 4 people and it's perfect for a solor traveler, couples or small groups of friends. During your stay you will have access to wi-fi, telephone (free calls to over 55 countries in the world, including the USA), cable television without any issues. We will also ensure that you have room to store your clothes, etc. We both know nothing is worse than actually, actually living out of a suitcase so we will try our best to make you feel right at h"	"Cosy and sunny 1-br apt within a 5 minutes walk of Montmartre & Lines 4 &12. Located in a typical lively Parisian street with lots of shops, an open air market and a small village feel, the apartment is also very quiet as it's on a small courtyard. Our little piece of Paris is situated at the foothills of Montmarte, on a street described by many visiting friends as ""exactly what I imagined Paris to look like.""  We live in an airy and bright 43 squared meter apartment on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building. Our apartment is overlooking two different courtyards, so a bit of tranquility and quiet is a guarantee after a long day of taking in the sights.  It is a proper one bedroom, with a separate living room (with pull out couch) fully equipped kitchen, and bathroom. It is ideal for up to 4 people and it's perfect for a solor traveler, couples or small groups of friends. During your stay you will have access to wi-fi, telephone (free calls to over 55 countries in the world, inclu"
31201		Hello! Come to enjoy this 2 rooms flat decorated with taste
31202	he emotion takes shape ... ... hospitality becomes art Quiet and cosy 35m² 2 rooms apartment in Paris Montmartre on nice courtyard ground floor, your  fully equipped parisian flat was recently renewed by an architect. Ideally located just 10 minutes walks from Montmartre Sacré Cœur,  close to Montmartre village, the most typically quarter in Paris.  A choice of gastronomic restaurants waiting you in flat zone and in the nearer Rue Ordener and Rue du Poteau. On saturday you can discover the rich Montmartre street market in the eighteen’ city hall zone.  Oak floors, two fireplaces, 4 peoples sleeping, perfect for your family holidays or short business periods in Paris. One bedroom with queen size bed, wardrobe and a small working desk; living room with 2 places sofa bed and fully equipped kitchen; nice bathroom with toilet and comfortable shower. Clean sheets, towels, hair dryer, iron and iron table including. Cable TV, Hi-Fi with DVD player, Wi-Fi Internet ADSL, free calling to fixed ph	he emotion takes shape ... ... hospitality becomes art Quiet and cosy 35m² 2 rooms apartment in Paris Montmartre on nice courtyard ground floor, your  fully equipped parisian flat was recently renewed by an architect. Ideally located just 10 minutes walks from Montmartre Sacré Cœur,  close to Montmartre village, the most typically quarter in Paris.  A choice of gastronomic restaurants waiting you in flat zone and in the nearer Rue Ordener and Rue du Poteau. On saturday you can discover the rich Montmartre street market in the eighteen’ city hall zone.  Oak floors, two fireplaces, 4 peoples sleeping, perfect for your family holidays or short business periods in Paris. One bedroom with queen size bed, wardrobe and a small working desk; living room with 2 places sofa bed and fully equipped kitchen; nice bathroom with toilet and comfortable shower. Clean sheets, towels, hair dryer, iron and iron table including. Cable TV, Hi-Fi with DVD player, Wi-Fi Internet ADSL, free calling to fixed ph
31203	Parisian flat in the 7th floor, very confortable and quiet in the heart of Montmartre. Come to discover Paris of the Parisian during your trip in the city of light. Very good connection to public transports.	Appartement parisien au 7ème étage très bien aménagé et tout confort au coeur de Montmartre. Très calme donnant sur cour intérieure. Venez découvrir le Paris des parisiens le temps d'un séjour dans la capitale. Bien desservi par les transports... Parisian flat in the 7th floor, very confortable and quiet in the heart of Montmartre. Come to discover Paris of the Parisian during your trip in the city of light. Very good connection to public transports. L'appartement est composé d'un séjour avec un lit en Mezzanine, un canapé pouvant accueillir un enfant, une grande télé avec plusieurs chaînes internationales, Wi Fi haut débit. Une petite cuisine avec plaque induction, micro-ondes et grille pain. Une salle de bain neuve avec une douche, sèche cheveux.  Pour votre confort, le linge de lit et le linge de bain est fourni, ainsi que les produits de base (thé, sel, sucre, huile d’olive etc). Une laverie se situe en bas de l'immeuble si vous le désirez. Parisienne d'adoption depuis 6 ans mainte
31204		The flat is situated in a brand new building, you can easily walk to the subway (lines 2-5-7-12 at 5 minutes ) or the train (15 minutes walk to Gare du Nord) The flat is 42 m², with a fully equiped kitchen, and a separate room 
31205	Typical Artist flat for 4 adults more 1 child. Last floor, View, duplex.  Barbecue on Balcony (with sunset) Close to cafés, restaurants, bakeries, métro. bus. In 4 mn in feet of the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, la Place du tertre...10 minutes to Moulin rouge. 	Typical Artist flat for 5 adults..or a family View, duplex top floor, balcony. sunset, Close tube 12 and bus, to cafés, restaurants, bakeries, In 4 mn in feet of the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, la Place du tertre...10 minutes to Moulin rouge. Typical Artist flat for 4 adults more 1 child. Last floor, View, duplex.  Barbecue on Balcony (with sunset) Close to cafés, restaurants, bakeries, métro. bus. In 4 mn in feet of the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, la Place du tertre...10 minutes to Moulin rouge. Sea house in St Malo, 4 hour with car... possibilitie to continue with a Stay in St Malo close to Mont St Michel
31206		We offer you our apartment located in the most prestigious street in Montmartre : Avenue Junot, on the second floor of a typical townhouse  built by a famous architect.  This apartment has a separate bedroom, and a sofa bed in the living room. Montmartre is a large hill in Paris's 18th arrondissement. It is 130 metres high and gives its name to the surrounding district, part of the Right Bank in the northern section of the city.  Montmartre is primarily known for the white-domed Basilica of the Sacré Cœur on its summit and as a nightclub district. The other, older, church on the hill is Saint Pierre de Montmartre, which claims to be the location at which the Jesuit order of priests was founded. Many artists had studios or worked in or around Montmartre, including Salvador Dalí, Amedeo Modigliani, Claude Monet, Piet Mondrian, Pablo Picasso, Camille Pissarro and Vincent van Gogh. Montmartre is also the setting for several hit films. This site is served by metro line 2 stations of Anvers,
31207	Big flat in the 18th district. 10 minutes walk from the top of the city. Quiet with South (SAcré Coeur) and North view (Stade de France). You can enjoy the beauty of the 1920s feeling. A folding coach that turn into a double bed in the leaving room. A private bed in the child room, grown up size. independent kitchen bathroom and toilet.	An amazing parisian apartment in Montmartre. 2 rooms, a living, a dining area. A spacious kitchen a private bathroom & independant toilet. This super luminous space from 1900 will give your stay in Paris the 1920s' charm and twist to make it unique Big flat in the 18th district. 10 minutes walk from the top of the city. Quiet with South (SAcré Coeur) and North view (Stade de France). You can enjoy the beauty of the 1920s feeling. A folding coach that turn into a double bed in the leaving room. A private bed in the child room, grown up size. independent kitchen bathroom and toilet. It's all yours. Friends and family will be there in case of emergency. The good 18th is how we call it. with the best baguette - Gontrand Cherrier, the best cheese place - Chez Virginie - the best Cakes Arnaud Lahrer, 4 wines sellers within 1 minut walk -18/20 being the best - and then loads of cafés - Au bon coin - and restaurants - la belle mère qui fume - twice a week there's a fresh food market with the b
31208		Designé par une architecte,  j'ai choisi des matières organiques, bois, pierre... calme, zen mais aussi des couleurs dynamiques et chaudes. Vous vous y sentirez bien.
31209	Paris apartment for rent Aug. 2~Sept. 5th. 2015. 19th district, 64m2, big 2 room apt. with bathroom, toilet, kitchen fully equipped with internet connection.  Possiblity to sleep 4 -5 people  (2 single beds + 1 mezzanine single + 1 double mattress).  Metro Stalingrad (line 2, 5, 7)  I am leaving for a vacation, so there are everthing you'll need to stay:  towels, sheets, kitchenwares.   Well-deserved by metros, commerces /supermarkets/ laundry nearby. contact (email hidden)	Paris apartment for rent Aug. 2~Sept. 5th. 2015. 19th district, 64m2, big 2 room apt. with bathroom, toilet, kitchen fully equipped with internet connection.  Possiblity to sleep 4 -5 people  (2 single beds + 1 mezzanine single + 1 double mattress).  Metro Stalingrad (line 2, 5, 7)  I am leaving for a vacation, so there are everthing you'll need to stay:  towels, sheets, kitchenwares.   Well-deserved by metros, commerces /supermarkets/ laundry nearby. contact (email hidden) I would be leaving to Japan for a month.   We can communicate through e-mail, phone, line, skype. 3-5 min. walk to metro Stalingrad (line 2, 5, 7) and 7 min. to Marx Dormoy (line 13).  Access to center of Paris and monuments within 20 min by metro. 15 min. to Montmartre area.   1 metro station from Gare du Nord (to take Eurostar). 40 min. to Charles-de-Gaulle Airport by RER (1 station to Gare du Nord, then RER takes directly to the Airport).
31210	Rent studio 18m3 very bright with door windows for a coffee in the sun! The studio is quite equipped, kitchen area, bathroom, room / stay, internet access. It's situated in Paris 18th district, subway Jules Joffrin, just a step from Montmartre, and close every supermarkets and markets. Very pleasant district to have a walk. 	Rent studio 18m3 very light with door make windows for a coffee in the sun! The studio is well equipped, kitchenette, bathroom, room/living room, internet. Situated in 18th Paris, subway Jules Joffrin, just a step from Montmartre! Rent studio 18m3 very bright with door windows for a coffee in the sun! The studio is quite equipped, kitchen area, bathroom, room / stay, internet access. It's situated in Paris 18th district, subway Jules Joffrin, just a step from Montmartre, and close every supermarkets and markets. Very pleasant district to have a walk. all the flat  do not use or get my personal effects of course (books, clothes, objects...) email exchange and discussions I'll be not present in the flat during the available period The area is very pleasant and calm, with markets, bars, shops, it's just so nice to move around or to have book coffee in outside terrace! subway: line 12 (jules joffrin, it's 5 min walk) or (marcadet poisssonier or simplon it's around 10 min walk) line 4 bus: 
31211	Situé dans le 18ème, dans un bel immeuble s'élèvant sur 5 étages mon appartement vous permettra de découvrir Paris facilement, en commençant avec la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur! Sur le flanc de la Butte Montmartre et jouxtant la rue Clignancourt, l'immeuble se situe dans un secteur populaire en pleine expansion.	Appartement rafraichis en 2015, il se situe idéalement à 5min de la butte Montmartre où vous pourrez admirer tout Paris! Dans un quartier vivant de la capitale vous aurez accès à tout et vous déplacerez ensuite aisément avec les métros 4 ou 2. Situé dans le 18ème, dans un bel immeuble s'élèvant sur 5 étages mon appartement vous permettra de découvrir Paris facilement, en commençant avec la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur! Sur le flanc de la Butte Montmartre et jouxtant la rue Clignancourt, l'immeuble se situe dans un secteur populaire en pleine expansion. 2 min à pieds de la station Château Rouge, sur la ligne de métro 4 7 min à pieds de la station Anvers, sur la ligne de métro 2 8 min à pieds de la station Marcadet Poissonniers, sur la ligne de métro 12
31212		Beautiful 35m2 apartment in Montmartre area of Paris, with balcony overlooking the city. Sleeps 4 (couchbed and double bed) 5 min walk to Sacré Couer & Moulin Rouge 2 mins from shops, restauran and Abbesses metro. Ideal romantic visit to Paris
31213	Magnifique duplex au 2ème étage sans ascenseur lumineux décoré avec goût dans un véritable style vintage parisien (moulures, poutres, pierres apparentes tout y est!!) le tout dans une copropriété très sympa (nous adorons nos voisins!!)  Cet appartement est parfaitement équipé, il possède également un joli balcon filant en plus de sa chambre  (lit queen size) sans vis à vis, son grand salon/salle à manger, ses 2 wc, sa salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, son salon TV et sa belle cuisine.	Magnifique duplex de 95m2 très calme tout confort dans super quartier bien desservi. A quelques minutes de Montmartre dans une ambiance à la fois romantique et underground laissez vous séduire par les parcs, le 104, le marché et sa rue piétonne ainsi que tous les bars et restos alentour. Magnifique duplex au 2ème étage sans ascenseur lumineux décoré avec goût dans un véritable style vintage parisien (moulures, poutres, pierres apparentes tout y est!!) le tout dans une copropriété très sympa (nous adorons nos voisins!!)  Cet appartement est parfaitement équipé, il possède également un joli balcon filant en plus de sa chambre  (lit queen size) sans vis à vis, son grand salon/salle à manger, ses 2 wc, sa salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, son salon TV et sa belle cuisine. Vous aurez accès à notre appartement qui est très bien équipé et possède le wifi, une grande cuisine équipée ainsi qu'une salle de bain (douche et baignoire), 2 wc (un par étage), une grande chambre, un grand salon/
31214	It's a very quiet & trendy appartement, very Parisian. Very very close to the metro and decorated by myself and my brother architect. Big parking space included (for any kind of car or minibus) !	As pictures, very pleasant flat in the north of Paris, very quiet and close by foot, metro, bus & bicycle to many famous places. A big parking, 1 real bedroom with a big bed, 1 sofa-bed in the living room for 2 people and 1 futon (200*90cm*12cm). It's a very quiet & trendy appartement, very Parisian. Very very close to the metro and decorated by myself and my brother architect. Big parking space included (for any kind of car or minibus) ! You will have access to a parking to park your car, the WIFI, TV, HIFI (you can plug your iPod or any phone),  a complete kitchen and a washing machine.. From the appartement you have a view on the private court, with table/chairs you can use to have your lunch/diner or just share a drink outside. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge and oven, blender, kettle, washing machine, microwave ... You can go and stock up with delight at historic Chapelle Market  ...  Close, cafes, restaurant, swimming pool, library and shops ...  1 Bed + 4 seater sofa-bed v
31215		Comfortable and practical flat, 15 minutes walk to the Sacré-Coeur of Montmartre.  Really calm, clean and sunny, close to all amenities and 50 meters from metro Porte de Clignancourt.  Looking forward to your visit :-)
31216	Beautiful flat in haussmannian style at the third floor with elevator. The place is quiet and bright located between a quiet street (pedestrian on Sunday) and a trees yard. This apartment has been completely renovated but keeps the charm of an old place with wood floorings, moldings, fireplace and high ceilings. The living / dining room is spacious with a large sofa and two armchairs and a dining table extendable from 4 to 10 people. The first bedroom has a double bed 160x210 cm and overlooks the yard. The second bedroom has a double bed 140x200 cm. The bathroom has a walk-in shower. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped to prepare delicious meals.	Charming haussmannian flat in Montmartre located on a quiet street (while being close to typical shops and restaurants), with 2 bedrooms each one with a double bed. Beautiful flat in haussmannian style at the third floor with elevator. The place is quiet and bright located between a quiet street (pedestrian on Sunday) and a trees yard. This apartment has been completely renovated but keeps the charm of an old place with wood floorings, moldings, fireplace and high ceilings. The living / dining room is spacious with a large sofa and two armchairs and a dining table extendable from 4 to 10 people. The first bedroom has a double bed 160x210 cm and overlooks the yard. The second bedroom has a double bed 140x200 cm. The bathroom has a walk-in shower. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped to prepare delicious meals. Free wifi, TV, DVD player, dining table for 8 people, fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker Nespresso, dishwasher, washing machine, iron On arrival,
31217	Grande chambre composée d'un lit 2 perdonnes un bureau avec fauteuil et un dressing. Balcon privé dans la chambre. Accès terrasse de 70m2 avec coin détente... Salon, cuisine, frigo privé , salle de bain commune et toilette privé. Wifi dans tout l'appartement.	Appartement situé à 10 min a pied des abbesses et de Montmatre accès à la terrasse de 70 m2 avec vue sur Montmatre. Balcon  privé à la chambre. Accès salle à mangé et cuisine avec frigo privatif. Situé au 7eme étage avec ascenseur a deux pas du métro Guy Môquet. Grande chambre composée d'un lit 2 perdonnes un bureau avec fauteuil et un dressing. Balcon privé dans la chambre. Accès terrasse de 70m2 avec coin détente... Salon, cuisine, frigo privé , salle de bain commune et toilette privé. Wifi dans tout l'appartement. Terrasse, (70m2) avec table pour manger et coin détente vue sur montmatre, salon, salle de bain (baignoire) , wc privé, cuisine avec frigo privé. Possibilités de laver son linge moyennant une participation. Possibilités de louer pour une longue durée me contacter ! Ligne 13 arrêt Guy Môquet ou  ligne 12 arrêt Lamarck Location longue durée possible
31218	Fenêtre sur cour, très calme, proche de tout	Pratique,fonctionnel à 5 min à pied du Sacré Coeur.  Tout équipé, il dispose de tout ce qu'il faut pour se sentir bien: Assiettes, fer à repasser, serviettes, sèche cheveux.. Quartier animé, metro à deux min, proche tout commerce, fenêtre sur cour. Pratique,fonctionnel à 5 min à pied du Sacré Coeur.  Tout équipé, il dispose de tout ce qu'il faut pour se sentir bien: Assiettes, fer à repasser, serviettes, sèche cheveux.. Quartier animé, metro à deux min, proche tout commerce, fenêtre sur cour Fenêtre sur cour, très calme, proche de tout A tout ce qui se trouve dans l'appartement Évidemment si je suis à Paris et que le ou les voyageurs souhaitent me rencontrer j'en serai ravie. Je suis toujours contente de pouvoir échanger et rencontrer de nouvelles personnes. Proche de tout. Il y' a un petit marché pas loin ou sont vendus plein de fruits exotiques. Le logement se situe à 2 min à pied de la station Château Rouge sur la ligne 4.  Je vous enverrai un itinéraire détaillé selon l'endroit où 
31219	pratique  : vrai lit (largeur 150)  : combi armoire lit canapé pour gain de place! calme  moderne  refait a neuf totalement équipé , dont machine a laver séchante grand espace douche (115 *70  cm) espace privatif extérieur juste devant (en cour d'équipement de plantes et petite table! ) TV, Internet , telephone (appels gratuits sur fixe vers Europe, Canada, USA et Australie) Serviettes et draps fournis ! 	Ce studio refait à neuf est moderne, accueillant et douillet. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes + un enfant (lit parapluie) . RDC dans une cour très calme, 5 min à pied de Montmartre.  Accès direct au métro , 5 min a pied de gare du Nord (direct CDG). pratique  : vrai lit (largeur 150)  : combi armoire lit canapé pour gain de place! calme  moderne  refait a neuf totalement équipé , dont machine a laver séchante grand espace douche (115 *70  cm) espace privatif extérieur juste devant (en cour d'équipement de plantes et petite table! ) TV, Internet , telephone (appels gratuits sur fixe vers Europe, Canada, USA et Australie) Serviettes et draps fournis !  tout  Coeur de la vie parisienne pour les touristes : Montmartre, Pigalle, Place Clichy, Gare du Nord et Paris Est, le tout accessible à pied quartier artistique , des musiciens (Pigalle), des théâtres.  METRO : ligne 4 et 2, RER B D et E , gare du Nord , Paris Est, Magenta 
31220	The apartment is on the fifth floor and there's no lift. It's good exercise, but if you are not in good shape, you might find it a bit challenging.	1 min. to Metro Chateau Rouge.  5 min. to Sacre Coeur. 28 sqm. American Kitchen. Convertible sofa. 1 single bed. Supermarkets, shops, bars, restaurants. WiFi. The apartment is on the fifth floor and there's no lift. It's good exercise, but if you are not in good shape, you might find it a bit challenging. -Fridge, Hot Water, Iron, Ironing Board, Hair-Drier, clean towels, etc. I'll be on the other side of the world, available to answer your questions by email. 5 minutes of walking and you're gazing at Parisian horizons from Sacre Coeur. There's a big Carrefour and Leader Price nearby.  In my experience, the neighbourhood is actually very safe even late at night. I've never had any trouble with anyone here. Very well connected. A few steps from Metro Chateau Rouge (line 4) and close to Anvers (line 2). Not far from Gare de l'Est, where the nightbuses to airports depart. There are buses and Velib stations nearby as well. Wi-Fi is slow. You can check e-mails, social media, etc. but trying 
31221	"A 400m de Montmartre, toutes commodités et transports à proximité. Déco soignée dans l'esprit ""Design/Loft/50's""... chambre ou salon dans un  très grand 2 pièces de 55m2"	"A 400m de Montmartre, toutes les commodités à proximité A 400m de Montmartre, toutes commodités et transports à proximité. Déco soignée dans l'esprit ""Design/Loft/50's""... chambre ou salon dans un  très grand 2 pièces de 55m2 Chambre ou salon, cuisine, Salle de Bain Selon mes déplacements professionnels, je serai présent ou non... Contact : E-mail Whatsapp, Messenger ... Téléphone... Montmartre n'est plus à décrire ! Quartier pittoresque de Paris avec toutes les commodités nécessaires au pied de l'appartement (Boulangerie, supermarché, etc.) De très bons artisans français à proximité (boulangerie, traiteurs, boucher,...) boutiques mode/design, antiquités ... Métro ligne 12 (Lamarck / Joffrin) qui permet d'accéder aux principales visites de Paris (Concorde-Louvre-Champs Elysées, Madeleine & Grands Magasins ...) Ligne 4 également. Je suis Responsable Marketing International et mets mon appartement à disposition lors de mes voyages d'affaires en semaines mais également certains WE + pério"
31222		Appart de 60m^2, 2 chambres spacieuses, 1 salon, salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine pratique.6ème étage,sans ascenseur. Proche métro (13,12 et 4), bus, tram. Voisinage et quartier très sympa, peu touristique et proche des lieux incontournables!
31223	It is a nice apartment. The living atmosphere is friendly and respectful.	It's a nice apartment. The building is quiet and friendly. The flat is located in a popular neighborhood, 7 min. by feet from Montmartre & 3 min. from the trendy (but still confidential) Place de l'Olive. You will love it. Access to the whole apartment : - 1 separated room with a double-bed (140x200) - Opened Kitchen & living-room (with a sofa-bed for 1) - Washing machine - Internet and wifi - Bathroom - Toilets I am mostly in Paris, so I can welcome you, and the rest of the time you can contact me by emails and phone. You can see positive comments about me here https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1383512 ;-) Very accessible by public transports : line 4 (Marcadet), line 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers), line 2 (La Chapelle) and several Velib' and bus stations. Close to Gare du Nord (6 min.) and 15 min. from Châtelet, by metro.
31224	Welcome to my cosy and quiet apartment !  It is full of light, fully equipped, and very well located : you can enjoy the vibrant ambiance of the 18th and the Goutte d'or, with its variety of bars restaurants and markets, walk a few minutes to visit Montmartre, or connect to other parts of Paris with the subway (line 4 - 1 minute walk from the apartment, line 2 : 5 minutes walk). It is very easy to come from both airports and from any railway station. The area is multicultural and vibrant - an authentic Parisian experience !  And the appartment is suprisingly quiet (sur cour) so you can enjoy a nice rest to recover from your parisian days !	Cosy and sunny 33m² apartment in a Welcome to my cosy and quiet apartment ! It is full of light, fully equipped, and very well located : you can enjoy the vibrant ambiance of the 18th and Goutte d'or, only a few minutes walk away from Montmartre ! Welcome to my cosy and quiet apartment !  It is full of light, fully equipped, and very well located : you can enjoy the vibrant ambiance of the 18th and the Goutte d'or, with its variety of bars restaurants and markets, walk a few minutes to visit Montmartre, or connect to other parts of Paris with the subway (line 4 - 1 minute walk from the apartment, line 2 : 5 minutes walk). It is very easy to come from both airports and from any railway station. The area is multicultural and vibrant - an authentic Parisian experience !  And the appartment is suprisingly quiet (sur cour) so you can enjoy a nice rest to recover from your parisian days ! 33m², 2 rooms (bedroom, livingroom with fully equiped US kitchen, a separate toilet and a small but very
31225	A design and confortable apartment in Paris  12 mn walking from the basilica of Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre APARTMENT DESIGN 12 mn from MONTMARTRE •striking imagery throughout, prestigious setting  •4 people maximum, 30 sqm •1 bedroom, 1 bathroom  •internet •location Paris 18ème - Montmartre Striking images of the Eiffel Tower abound in this attractive Paris duplex apartment, which displays eye-catching modern styling across its two floors. A varied palette of bold colours characterise the interior spaces, while iconic tower is an ever present feature, for your optimum Parisian experience. With its sought-after Montmartre setting, nestled among a wealth of superb restaurants and nightspots, the Calmels apartment offers you a genuine taste of Paris metro living. Neighbourhood and location The 18ème Montmartre area is one of Paris’ most distinctive districts for its winding, narrow streets that lead up to the hill-top; the breath-taking Sacré Coeur and the best views in Paris. Montmartre h	Un appartement aux lignes modernes pour votre confort à Paris à 12 mn à pied de la basilique du Sacré-Coeur à Montmartre A design and confortable apartment in Paris  12 mn walking from the basilica of Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre APARTMENT DESIGN 12 mn from MONTMARTRE •striking imagery throughout, prestigious setting  •4 people maximum, 30 sqm •1 bedroom, 1 bathroom  •internet •location Paris 18ème - Montmartre Striking images of the Eiffel Tower abound in this attractive Paris duplex apartment, which displays eye-catching modern styling across its two floors. A varied palette of bold colours characterise the interior spaces, while iconic tower is an ever present feature, for your optimum Parisian experience. With its sought-after Montmartre setting, nestled among a wealth of superb restaurants and nightspots, the Calmels apartment offers you a genuine taste of Paris metro living. Neighbourhood and location The 18ème Montmartre area is one of Paris’ most distinctive districts for its wind
31226	In the heart of the historic and artistic Montmartre District. Very spacious - 120 square meters/1300 square feet. A private entrance and a terrace make it feel like living in a house.  The apartment has two bedrooms, a very beautiful, large and fully equipped kitchen, WiFi  and Cable TV. There is one staircase down to reach the living area. The master bedroom has a queen size bed and closet space, TV, and opens with french doors on to the  big dining room and kitchen space .  The second bedroom also has a queen bed and is located in the back of the apartment, with unique windows facing the street, nevertheless the space is very quiet.	In the heart of the historic and artistic Montmartre District. Very spacious - 120 square meters/1300 square feet. A private entrance and a terrace make it feel like living in a house.  2 bedrooms/1.5 bathrooms Couch accomodates fifth traveler; In the heart of the historic and artistic Montmartre District. Very spacious - 120 square meters/1300 square feet. A private entrance and a terrace make it feel like living in a house.  The apartment has two bedrooms, a very beautiful, large and fully equipped kitchen, WiFi  and Cable TV. There is one staircase down to reach the living area. The master bedroom has a queen size bed and closet space, TV, and opens with french doors on to the  big dining room and kitchen space .  The second bedroom also has a queen bed and is located in the back of the apartment, with unique windows facing the street, nevertheless the space is very quiet. The bathroom  has jacuzzi bathtub, overhead shower and a heater. There is a half bath with sink, opposite the m
31227	"The studio with a warm atmosphere designed to make you feel good there.  It is composed of one real bedroom in a spirit ""boudoir"", one fully kitchen and a modern bathroom with walk-in shower.  You'll find everything you need: sheets, towels, shower gel and soap of the famous Fragonard perfume, cotton, coffee machine with Nespresso capsules. A safe-deposit box is also available. It is perfect for couples wishing to stay in a typical Parisian neighborhood."	"Very Charming studio located in Montmartre, close to Sacre coeur for 2 people. The studio with a warm atmosphere designed to make you feel good there. It is perfect for couples wishing to stay in a typical Parisian neighborhood. The studio with a warm atmosphere designed to make you feel good there.  It is composed of one real bedroom in a spirit ""boudoir"", one fully kitchen and a modern bathroom with walk-in shower.  You'll find everything you need: sheets, towels, shower gel and soap of the famous Fragonard perfume, cotton, coffee machine with Nespresso capsules. A safe-deposit box is also available. It is perfect for couples wishing to stay in a typical Parisian neighborhood. The Studio is situated in the trendy district of Montmartre. A few steps you can discover Place du Tertre and its artists, theaters, cabarets, The Trianon concert hall, The Cigale and the legendary Moulin Rouge which make the charm of the Parisian district.  For your purchases, you can find Market St Pierre, th"
31228	App avec terrasse de 34 m°	App bien équipé  à 2 min de Montmartre, charme parisien. Terrasse 34 m° barbecues ou french fries n'auront plus aucun secret durant votre séjour! App avec terrasse de 34 m° Tv Internet à 5 min de Montmartre Proche de Montmartre Métro Bus
31229		Bel appartement très agréable, lumineux et calme. Situé à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre.  Parfait pour deux personnes. Tout équipé: machines (vaisselle et linge), internet, lit comfortable. Proche des métros, bus et RER.
31230	 A deux pas de Montmartre Grand loft avec un étage.  Appartement de 110m2 rdc sur cour en duplex un étage. Les atouts ? Calme, entrée sur cour.  Des matériaux nobles pour un appartement refait entièrement à neuf, pierres et briques apparentes, parquet bois massif. L'appartement se compose d'une entrée sur cour, un double salon volumineux de 60m2, pouvant servir de salle de jeux pour les enfants, et permettant de vivre à plusieurs personnes avec beaucoup d'espace. Canapé-lit confortable dans le salon. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire, wc séparés. Cuisine toute équipée où il fait bon vivre, cuisiner, extrêmement lumineuse avec un toit en verrière. A l'étage deux chambres avec chacune un lit double. Un bureau, nombreux rangements. Le calme en plein Paris, tous les avantages d'un RDC lumineux (accessibilité, pratique avec des enfants) Equipement : 3 couchages pour 6 personnes Deux lits double Un canapé lit Cuisine neuve tout équipée avec hotte, cuisinière, lave-vaisselle, frigidaire co	Grand appartement pour 6 personnes Extrêmement calme, tout proche du métro tout proche Montmartre. Des matériaux nobles,  pierres et briques apparentes, chaleureux : grand double salon pouvant servir de salle de jeu avec piano. Deux chambres et un canapé lit. Un rdc calme en plein Paris idéal avec enfants A deux pas de Montmartre Grand loft avec un étage.  Appartement de 110m2 rdc sur cour en duplex un étage. Les atouts ? Calme, entrée sur cour.  Des matériaux nobles pour un appartement refait entièrement à neuf, pierres et briques apparentes, parquet bois massif. L'appartement se compose d'une entrée sur cour, un double salon volumineux de 60m2, pouvant servir de salle de jeux pour les enfants, et permettant de vivre à plusieurs personnes avec beaucoup d'espace. Canapé-lit confortable dans le salon. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire, wc séparés. Cuisine toute équipée où il fait bon vivre, cuisiner, extrêmement lumineuse avec un toit en verrière. A l'étage deux chambres avec chacune
31231		Appartement tout confort proche de la basilique du sacré cœur 5 min à pied.
31232	Appartement à forte personnalité pour un séjour dans un Paris d'artistes à deux pas de Montmartre ! 	Appartement de 40 m² situé dans le quartier de Château Rouge, à deux pas de Montmartre. Très lumineux, à fort caractère : il fera de votre séjour un moment hors du temps !  Appartement à forte personnalité pour un séjour dans un Paris d'artistes à deux pas de Montmartre !  Situé dans le quartier de Chateau Rouge, tout proche de Montmartre. Accès rapide à Barbès, la Goutte d'or et ses commerces si caractéristiques. Ligne 4 du métro : à 20 minutes du musée du Louvre. Disponible pour des conseils et indications sur la ville. Je propose des visites (payantes) dans les musées parisiens. Sa diversité culturelle : il est cosmopolite !  Il permet d'avoir un autre regard sur Paris... Accessible en métro (ligne 4), à 20 minutes de Notre-Dame.  Depuis l'aéroport : prendre le RER B jusque Gare du Nord, puis la ligne 4  ( 2 stations ) .  Pas de parking, et il est difficile de se garer dans le quartier. 4 è étage sans ascenseur.
31233	Charming & romantic parisian apartment in Montmartre – ideal for 2 people. This beautiful - typical  two piece apartment is situated in an ideal location offering all of the charism and charm of Montmartre yet also less than a 5min walk to several convenient metro stations which take you directly to most Parisian main attractions in under 10mins. Discover Montmartre and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a cool atmosphere, with several parisian style cafés, restaurants and boutiques. You will find yourself captivated by this artist quarter of Paris walking down the cobble stone streets, visting markets, boutiques, monuments, cafes, bakeries, pattiseries, fromageries and restaurants. The charismatic 19th Century Parisian style building gives the apartment the charm of original wooden floorboards, a marble fireplace and beautifully detailed ceiling. The closest subway is Lamarck (line12) the green one, which is very easy to use and to get the most fa	Ideal for a romantic escapade, this apartment is made for 2 people searching a great location and in a safe area. The apartment is well decorated and you will have the impression to feel like home !  Charming & romantic parisian apartment in Montmartre – ideal for 2 people. This beautiful - typical  two piece apartment is situated in an ideal location offering all of the charism and charm of Montmartre yet also less than a 5min walk to several convenient metro stations which take you directly to most Parisian main attractions in under 10mins. Discover Montmartre and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a cool atmosphere, with several parisian style cafés, restaurants and boutiques. You will find yourself captivated by this artist quarter of Paris walking down the cobble stone streets, visting markets, boutiques, monuments, cafes, bakeries, pattiseries, fromageries and restaurants. The charismatic 19th Century Parisian style building gives the apartme
31234	My apartment is very nice, cosy and charming. Everybody loves it ! It's so a typical Parisian apart with parquet, fireplace, moulding... Perched on the 5th floor, the view over the rooftops of Paris and the Sacre Coeur are happy to admire !	  In the vibrant area of the 18th district and close to the quai de la Loire / Seine, my lovely- cozy apartment is in the heart of Parisian life : bars and restaurants, market Olive, transports... A peacful and sweet popular neighborhood              My apartment is very nice, cosy and charming. Everybody loves it ! It's so a typical Parisian apart with parquet, fireplace, moulding... Perched on the 5th floor, the view over the rooftops of Paris and the Sacre Coeur are happy to admire ! Welcome ! You are at home and have access to all fournitures , comfort and my kitchen and the cupboards are open too ! A proximité de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de L'Est. Depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et Orly empruntez le RER B jusqu'à Gare du Nord puis suivre les couloirs qui mènent au métro La Chapelle, c'est là que vous sortirez pour rejoindre l'appartement à 5 min du métro.  Depuis la gare de Montparnasse, prenez la L.12 (Aubervilliers, Front Populaire) et descendez à Marx Dormoy. Depuis la
31235	Rénover par un architecte, tout confort, et superbe vue sur sacré cœur Appartement pour 2 mais possibilitée pour 4 	appart 50 m2 5 ème étage avec balcon sans ascenseur  refait a neuf par un architecte en 2011 cuisine américaine toute équipée  chambre avec literie en 160 cm   le salon possibilité 2 couchages d'appoint douche à l'italienne 10 min a pied montmartre Rénover par un architecte, tout confort, et superbe vue sur sacré cœur Appartement pour 2 mais possibilitée pour 4 Internet, Tv, radio, dvd,machine à laver et sèche-linge et lave -vaiselle Conseils pour les restos, les ballades dans Montmartre  notre appart est situé a 5 minutes cinéma le louxor et la brasserie Barbes Notre quartier de la goutte d'or est cosmopolite. Quartier exotique À 3 minutes de la ligne 4  Station Château Rouge À 7 minutes de la ligne 12 Station Marcadet poissonnier appartement avec chambre sur cour  calme et balcon très bien exposé plein sud.
31236	"A beautiful view from the balcony or the bedroom window to see the famous monuments , namely the ""Sacré-Coeur"" and ""Eiffel Tower"" . Area = 50m²"	"Located at the foot of Montmartre, come discover this quiet and comfortable apartment with beautiful views of the "" Sacré-Coeur"" and ""Eiffel Tower"" . This fully equipped apartment is ideally located in a shopping street and close to transport.       A beautiful view from the balcony or the bedroom window to see the famous monuments , namely the ""Sacré-Coeur"" and ""Eiffel Tower"" . Area = 50m² Access to equipment of the house is total and unrestricted : • 1 Bathroom + 1 Bathroom (bath ) • 1 fully equipped separate kitchen • 1 large living room • 1 bedroom with a large closet Provided hospitality and friendliness • Pigalle Metro ( M2 M12) • Large bus network (30, 54, 67, N01 and N02) • The ideal placement (Ward , transport) • Kudos for the balcony (length = 15m ) • Spacious living room • Beautiful room"
31237	------------------------------------------------------- Hello, We rent a large apartment ( > 75m2 ), bright and very quietly overlooking a courtyard. It consists of a spacious kitchen, a nice bathroom with bath, separate WC, a large bedroom with a desk and a double bed and a living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate two additional guests. The apartment is very pleasant and functional. We love living here. The whole apartment is at your disposal! 	Large, clear and quiet apartment in the lively and atypical area of northern Paris - Inside the fabulous triangle: Montmartre, The Canal Saint-Martin and the Saint-Ouen Flea Market ------------------------------------------------------- Hello, We rent a large apartment ( > 75m2 ), bright and very quietly overlooking a courtyard. It consists of a spacious kitchen, a nice bathroom with bath, separate WC, a large bedroom with a desk and a double bed and a living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate two additional guests. The apartment is very pleasant and functional. We love living here. The whole apartment is at your disposal! The apartment is very well located in the north of Paris and is easily accessible by public transport (Line 2 - La chapelle / / Line 12 - Marx Dormoy / / RER (speed line) line B and D Gare du Nord / / Lines 4 and 5 Gare du Nord) Gare du Nord is a 5 minute walk. The Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre and Canal Saint-Martin are really close (10 minute walk or 2 metro stati
31238	A small studio for two with character and sunny, including a kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilets.	Flat with one room in Montmartre, sunny, in a quiet street, a bed for two, kitchen and bathroom. Convenient for two people. A small studio for two with character and sunny, including a kitchen and a bathroom with shower and toilets. grocery stores, bakeries, restaurants and bars montmartre , sacré coeur area cosmopolite subway line  2 , 4 and 12 bus: (phone number hidden) no elevator  on the 3rd floor
31239	A deux pas de Montmartre, 100 mètres du métro et 10 min de Gare du Nord, je vous accueil dans ce charmant T2 entièrement équipé et rénové.	A deux pas de montmartre, l'appartement dispose d'une chambre et d'un canapé convertible. Appartement 2 pièces de 38m² au coeur du XVIIIe arrondissement de Paris et entièrement rénové. Proche de la gare du nord et à 100 mètres de la station de métro Jules Joffrin. A deux pas de Montmartre, 100 mètres du métro et 10 min de Gare du Nord, je vous accueil dans ce charmant T2 entièrement équipé et rénové. Bienvenue au cœur du 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas de Montmartre, ce quartier animé et cosmopolite saura vous séduire par son charme typiquement Parisien A 100 mètres du métro ( ligne 12 arrêt Jules Joffrin ) et à 10 min de Gare du Nord
31240	There are 2 bedrooms and we are subleasing only one of them.  Free access to our living room, bathroom, kitchen with oven, microwave and washing machine. Free high-speed internet.  The appartment is very convenient for people who want to visit Paris and also experiment its unique night life !	Clean, nice and cozy apartment ! The neighborhood is very friendly and close to everything you need : metro&bus stations, stores, coffee shop, bars, and public gardens! Right downstairs : great indoor market open every day (tasty food and catering). There are 2 bedrooms and we are subleasing only one of them.  Free access to our living room, bathroom, kitchen with oven, microwave and washing machine. Free high-speed internet.  The appartment is very convenient for people who want to visit Paris and also experiment its unique night life ! One private room that can accommodate 2 people there's also couch in the living room that can be transformed in a 2 persons' bed if need be Reece is from Australia and he himself discovered Paris 2 years ago... and he never left (that's how great our flat is !)  ! He is now a Manager in a very nice bar only 15 minutes away from our place. I am a parisian student in Communications, nor and raised in Paris but travelling is my passion. We love spending t
31241	"Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you are just minutes away from the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. This appartement of 30 m2, on the 3rd floor (top floor), was entirely renovated one year ago in 2013. The building was also renovated at the same period (inside and outside). That means everything is very clean! It is located in a very charming neighborhood in the center of Paris called ""les Batignolles"", close to Montmartre, Pigalle and the Champs-Élysées (all three are a 15 to 25 minute walk). Two subway lines nearby : 3 minutes form the subway station La Fourche (M3) and 5 minutes from Place de Clichy (M2 and M13). The appartement has a bedroom with a real queen size bed, a living room with an open kitchen, practical and fonctional, and a bathroom with a bathtub, a shower and toilets. Clean towels and sheets are provided. The fully equipped open kitchen has everything you need to cook on a daily basis : a family fridge with a freezer compartment, an "	"Renovated in 2013, 30m2 charming appmt. Living room w/ sofa bed and fully-fitted kitchen, bedroom for 2 and bathroom w/ bathtub. Nice calm area w/ parks, typical French market, stores and lots of bistrots. Central spot w/ 2 subway lines nearby. Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you are just minutes away from the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. This appartement of 30 m2, on the 3rd floor (top floor), was entirely renovated one year ago in 2013. The building was also renovated at the same period (inside and outside). That means everything is very clean! It is located in a very charming neighborhood in the center of Paris called ""les Batignolles"", close to Montmartre, Pigalle and the Champs-Élysées (all three are a 15 to 25 minute walk). Two subway lines nearby : 3 minutes form the subway station La Fourche (M3) and 5 minutes from Place de Clichy (M2 and M13). The appartement has a bedroom with a real queen size bed, a living room with an open kitchen, pr"
31242	Very fonctionnal, spacious rooms and kitchen, ideal for 3 or 4 persons Overlooking the courtyard so very quiet Proximity with a lot of great things in Paris (Sacré Coeur, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra...) Very easy to move with the subway stations Appartement très fonctionnel et agréable, chambre et salon spacieux, cuisine équipée, idéal pour 3 ou 4 personnes. Donnant sur une cour intérieure donc très calme A proximité de nombreuses attractions parisiennes (le sacré coeur, les galeries Lafayette, l'opéra...) Très facile de se déplacer grâce aux stations de métro	Lovely flat with four rooms at 5 mins by foot from Gare du Nord and 10 mins from Montmartre 1 bedroom with a two 
31243	The cosmopolitan and popular area of goutte d'or is busy by day and turns off in the evening. For the evening, we are close to  the Abesses (10 minutes walk) very parisian and nice place for its restaurants and cafés. The apartment is 2 minutes from the metro station Barbes Rochechouart, which would ideally placed on subway lines 2 and 4. So you can join the Chatelet place in 15 minutes, the Eiffel Tower in 20 minutes, and for those who prefer to walk the Sacré Coeur is a 10 minute walk. The apartment of 34m ² has two beautiful rooms with windows overlooking the courtyard. The bedroom has a king size bed and storage; living room - dining room, spacious living room can serve as second bedroom with a comfortable sofa bed. A bathroom / toilet and kitchen offer this apartment everything to discover Paris. For a successful Paris	The cosmopolitan and popular area of goutte d'or is busy by day and turns off in the evening. For the evening, we are close to  the Abesses (10 minutes walk) very parisian and nice place for its restaurants and cafés. The apartment is 2 minutes from the metro station Barbes Rochechouart, which would ideally placed on subway lines 2 and 4. So you can join the Chatelet place in 15 minutes, the Eiffel Tower in 20 minutes, and for those who prefer to walk the Sacré Coeur is a 10 minute walk. The apartment of 34m ² has two beautiful rooms with windows overlooking the courtyard. The bedroom has a king size bed and storage; living room - dining room, spacious living room can serve as second bedroom with a comfortable sofa bed. A bathroom / toilet and kitchen offer this apartment everything to discover Paris. For a successful Paris
31244	"Nous louons notre appartement 3 pièces situé en étage élevé dans un quartier populaire de paris. Véritable village avec vue sur le parc et l'église. Il y a un ascenseur dans l'immeuble. Il s'agit d'un appartement typique parisien  avec cheminée, moulures et parquet. L'appartement est composé de deux véritables chambres: idéal pour une famille avec deux enfants ou deux couples d'amis de visite dans la capitale. La cuisine est équipée et  il y a également une salle d'eau. Un parking public se trouve à proximité. Le fameux marché de l'Olive et le quartier de restaurants sont à deux pas. Le Sacré Cœur est visible du quartier, il se trouve à environ 10 minutes à pieds, le Canal St Martin et le Canal de l'Ourcq se trouvent à la même distance. Usage de la TV, internet, en illimité.  Les métros les plus proches sont ""la chapelle"" sur la ligne 2 et "" Barbès Rochechouard"" sur les lignes 4 et 2. Possibilité de louer certains week-end, nous contacter pour vérifier la disponibilité. "	Nice typical parisian,3 rooms appartment, 15 minutes walking to Sacré Coeur.  4 Persons authorized. 
31245		Pretty room in a charming and very parisian flat In the heart of Montmartre, just in front of the Sacré Coeur !!! Très jolie chambre sans vis à vis dans un appartement parisien Au coeur de Montmartre et au pied du Sacré Coeur !!!
31246	Logement spacieux, lumineux. Une chambre de 13m2 libre avec un canapé-lit à la disposition des voyageurs. Accès à la salle de bain. WC séparés de la salle de bain.	Logement spacieux, lumineux. Une chambre de 13m2 libre avec un canapé-lit à la disposition des voyageurs. Accès à la salle de bain. WC séparés de la salle de bain. Accès à la salle de bain et à la cuisine Peu malheureusement, je travaille beaucoup. Proximité du Sacré-Coeur 10, minutes à pied. Nombreux commerces aux alentours, boulangerie, supérette etc Nombreux restos et bars Métro Lamarck ou Jules Joffrin ligne 12 Bus 80 et 95
31247	Cosy studio flat of about 280ft2 recently renovate located in a quiet neighborhood. It has one big room with two windows open onto a big and silent courtyard not overlooked. Beau studio de 26 m2 refait à neuf récemment situé dans un immeuble calme. Il dispose d'une grande pièce avec deux fenêtres donnant sur une grande cour intérieure silencieuse  et sans vis-à-vis.	Cosy studio flat of about 280ft2 recently renovate located in a quiet neighborhood. It has one big room with two windows open onto a big and silent courtyard not overlooked. Beau studio de 26 m2 refait à neuf récemment situé dans un immeuble calme. Il dispose d'une grande pièce avec deux fenêtres donnant sur une grande cour intérieure silencieuse  et sans vis-à-vis. The flat is equipped with a double bed, and a table for five  guests.  In the kitchen corner you have four electric hotplates, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave, an oven, a washing machine, a kettle, an expresso machine and all the dises needed. The bathroom is small but well arranged, there is a heated towel rail and a big shower with two shower heads.  Sheets and towels are included. For your comfort a vacuum cleaner, an ironer with an ironing board are available. This flat is located in a mixted neighborhood from Paris which is in complete evolution, at thirty minutes by walk for “La Butte de Montmartre”. If you need to m
31248	Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple ou une petite famille, avec une cuisine américaine semi-ouverte, son grand double séjour et sa localisation dans une impasse au calme au cœur d'un quartier historique & culturel.	Magnifique T-2 familial très lumineux dans immeuble Haussmannien idéalement situé au cœur du quartier culturel de Montmartre. Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple ou une petite famille, avec une cuisine américaine semi-ouverte, son grand double séjour et sa localisation dans une impasse au calme au cœur d'un quartier historique & culturel. Vous pourrez bien entendu profiter de l'ensemble des prestations de l’appartement, un espace convivial avec cuisine ouverte tout équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-onde, plaques…), salle à manger, salon pour partager un verre ou votre petit déjeuner. Notre bibliothèque vous est également accessible.  L’appartement est bien entendu équipé d’internet, accès wifi & ethernet. Draps et serviette(s) de toilette fournis. Dans la mesure du possible, nous vous donnerons les tips et bons plans pour profiter un maximum de votre séjour: Le routard 2013 de Paris sera bien évidement à votre libre disposition, pour y dénicher les petites perles, h
31249	Totally refurbished, calm, modern, very sunny, in a private courtyard and garden.	Stay in an original studio of 27m2 ground-floor located in a calm planted courtyard in the heart of Montmartre and only 50m away from the Lamarck Metro station and 10 min walking distance from the Sacré-Coeur! Totally refurbished, calm, modern, very sunny, in a private courtyard and garden. All the neighborhood facilities, such as markets of all kinds, pressing, pharmacy, cigarette shops, various bars and restaurants, in addition to the famous environnement of Montmartre. We are always happy to interact with and we will do our best to make your stay a pleasurable experience.
31250		Bel appartement haussmannien en plein cœur de Paris à deux pas du Sacré Coeur.C'est un appartement lumineux, tout confort, un petit air champetre dans la tourmente parisienne!
31251	Greatly located. All the interesting parts of the north of Paris can be reached in less than 15 minutes of bike: Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle, Place de Clichy, Buttes-Chaumont, Père Lachaise...	You’ll be at walking/biking distance from the Buttes-Chaumont, Sacré Coeur, Montmarte, République, Père-Lachaise...  You’ll find grocery shops nearby, metro lines 2,5,7,12. Can host up to 4 people in one bed and one confortable convertible sofa. Free parking at night. Greatly located. All the interesting parts of the north of Paris can be reached in less than 15 minutes of bike: Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle, Place de Clichy, Buttes-Chaumont, Père Lachaise... Free wifi, TV, kitchen, bed sheets and towels I won't be there this week-end, but if any problem occures to you, you can still contact me! Metro lines 2,5,7,12 and even RER B, at stations, Stalingrad, La Chapelle, Max Dormoy Velib'  station (bike rental) nearby
31252	THE ROOM: We rent a private room of 172 ft² in our duplex.  On 6th and last floor with elevator, the room has a private entrance, a private bathroom ( shower and sink) and a king size bed (63 x 78 inches!) The two balconies in the room show an exceptional view of the west of the city, the cemetery of Montmartre and the roofs of Paris. WC, living-room and kitchen on the 1st floor of the flat. - WIFI high speed - Flat screen TV - for summer, a small air conditioned is available - sheets and towels provided - Hairdryer - Nespresso coffee machine ! - We can put an extra matress in the room for a third person. - if you need a computer to check mail, we can lend you a laptop during your stay. No additional fees required ( cleaning...), we just ask you to leave the place clean. THE NEIGHBORHOOD: Located in Montmartre at 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, 2 minutes from Montmartre cemetery. We will be pleased to give you tips for restaurants, shops, bars, exhibitions of the moment... ACCESS	THE ROOM: We rent a private room of 172 ft² in our duplex.  On 6th and last floor with elevator, the room has a private entrance, a private bathroom ( shower and sink) and a king size bed (63 x 78 inches!) The two balconies in the room show an exceptional view of the west of the city, the cemetery of Montmartre and the roofs of Paris. WC, living-room and kitchen on the 1st floor of the flat. - WIFI high speed - Flat screen TV - for summer, a small air conditioned is available - sheets and towels provided - Hairdryer - Nespresso coffee machine ! - We can put an extra matress in the room for a third person. - if you need a computer to check mail, we can lend you a laptop during your stay. No additional fees required ( cleaning...), we just ask you to leave the place clean. THE NEIGHBORHOOD: Located in Montmartre at 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, 2 minutes from Montmartre cemetery. We will be pleased to give you tips for restaurants, shops, bars, exhibitions of the moment... ACCESS
31253	Il est dans la vraie belle partie de Montmartre, entre Abbesses et la place du Tertre, juste à côté du Sacré cœur. Il fait 30 m2. 	C'est un appartement à la fois fonctionnel et charmant, décoré type art-déco, avec des objets de voyage, en plein cœur de Montmartre, au milieu des escaliers d'autrefois, qui a l'avantage d'être juste à côté du métro Abbesses, et de dominer Paris. Il est dans la vraie belle partie de Montmartre, entre Abbesses et la place du Tertre, juste à côté du Sacré cœur. Il fait 30 m2.  L'appartement est tout confort, avec cuisine aménagée four et micro-ondes, TV, Internet Wifi, plaques chauffantes, etc. La zone est pleines de restaurants pour tous les goûts et de cafés terrasses, comme on les aime pour prendre le soleil et regarder les montmartrois(es). Il n'y a aucune interdiction sauf ne rien jeter autre que du papier hygiénique dans les WC (sanibroyeur). Aucune zone du logement ne sont partagées.  Je peux répondre à toutes leurs questions par email, leur donner mes bonnes adresses dans le coin. Je ne serai pas présent durant le séjour des voyageurs.  Le quartier est un des plus poétiques de P
31254	Cosy flat well located between Pigalle and Abbesses with a nice view on the roofs and on the Sacré Coeur. 6th floor (without lift). The flat is very quiet and bright which is rare in Paris. The flat is composed a living room, a small kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. One bedroom has a real bed, the other has a  sofabed. Wireless internet is available. Since the pictures has been taken, we have move our living room inthe big bedroom, it's cosy and you enjoy a lovely view on the roof and Eiffel tower. One of the bedroom is now in our former living room. It's super quiet to sleep.  	Nice flat quiet and sunny on the 6th floor (without lift) with a beautiful view on Paris and the Sacré Coeur. Very well located at Montmartre, lively and lovely surroundings. Perfect for a couple or for 2 or 3 friends. Cosy flat well located between Pigalle and Abbesses with a nice view on the roofs and on the Sacré Coeur. 6th floor (without lift). The flat is very quiet and bright which is rare in Paris. The flat is composed a living room, a small kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. One bedroom has a real bed, the other has a  sofabed. Wireless internet is available. Since the pictures has been taken, we have move our living room inthe big bedroom, it's cosy and you enjoy a lovely view on the roof and Eiffel tower. One of the bedroom is now in our former living room. It's super quiet to sleep.  You have access to everything in the house except computers but there is wireless if you have your own computer. We have guides about Paris and maps that you can use. Usually we are away when
31255	Certainly the most cosy flat in Paris.  You will have the key for the flat so you can go in and out as you want. If you don't fancy going out for dinner, there a is fully equipped kitchen (hobs, oven, micro-wave, raclette machine, toaster). The living-room is perfect to gather together, chill out and talk after a day wandering around Paris. Also, the flat is located in a neighbourhood that many people range on the top of Parisian neighborhoods (especially tourists). Therefore, you don't necessarily need to take public transports. You can have fun and see a lot even if you just stay around the flat. The bedroom is quite big, with a very comfi bed and a shower room.  This is the only shower room in the flat (there is separate toilet and sink though) but Cécile will use it only when you're away.  To get to the toilet room you need to cross the kitchen (Yeah, Parisian flat...). It has never bothered anybody but we still prefer to mention.	1 double bedroom to rent in a 2 bedrooms + living-room appt. The flat is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful and recently refurbished building. Based in Abbesses, a fantastic neighborhood ! You will have your own key. Certainly the most cosy flat in Paris.  You will have the key for the flat so you can go in and out as you want. If you don't fancy going out for dinner, there a is fully equipped kitchen (hobs, oven, micro-wave, raclette machine, toaster). The living-room is perfect to gather together, chill out and talk after a day wandering around Paris. Also, the flat is located in a neighbourhood that many people range on the top of Parisian neighborhoods (especially tourists). Therefore, you don't necessarily need to take public transports. You can have fun and see a lot even if you just stay around the flat. The bedroom is quite big, with a very comfi bed and a shower room.  This is the only shower room in the flat (there is separate toilet and sink though) but Cécile will use 
31256	Mon Logement est très lumineux à 2 minutes de la rue des abbesses et Lepic  très commerçante . Cet appartement est totalement équipé ( machine a laver , nespresso , four , micro onde ) et sans perte de place, vous n'avez qu'à déposer vos valises et laisser vous aller à la vie parisienne.	Mon studio se situe au coeur de Montmartre , quartier atypique de Paris .  Il est très lumineux et confortable , pour accompagner vos joyeux séjours dans notre belle ville .  3 nuits Minimum . Mon Logement est très lumineux à 2 minutes de la rue des abbesses et Lepic  très commerçante . Cet appartement est totalement équipé ( machine a laver , nespresso , four , micro onde ) et sans perte de place, vous n'avez qu'à déposer vos valises et laisser vous aller à la vie parisienne. Métros : Abbesses ( 2mns ) , Pigalle ( 2mns )  Bus :  30 / 54 / 67 arrêt PIGALLE . c'est l'un des quartier atypique de Paris , incontournable .  A 5minutes  du funiculaire qui monte au  Sacré Coeur . Vue imprenable sur tout Paris du haut de la bute . A 4 minutes du Moulin rouge . Metro Pigalle L 12 , 2 ,Abbesses L12 , Blanche L2 Bus 30 / 54 / 67 arrêt PIGALLE .
31257	Un deux pièces  35 m2 avec un salon et une cuisine.  Jolies carrelage style tomette au sol et moulures au plafond. Le sol de la chambre est en plancher. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux situé sur cours.	Je loue mon joli 2 pièces au pied de Montmartre, très calme au 4 ième étage d'un immeuble Hausmannien traditionnel.  10 mn à pieds du sacré coeur et de la rue des Martyrs. Un lit  2 places et un sofa convertible, idéal pour un couple avec enfants. Un deux pièces  35 m2 avec un salon et une cuisine.  Jolies carrelage style tomette au sol et moulures au plafond. Le sol de la chambre est en plancher. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux situé sur cours. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement. Je suis à votre disposition pour vous donner des conseils sur ce quartier dans lequel j'habite depuis longtemps L'appartement est à Barbes côté Montmartre au coeur de plusieurs quartiers très différents et vivants  : les Abesses, La goutte d'or, Pigalle et l'Avenue Trudaine avec le square d'Anvers. Beaucoup de commerçants et de restaurants à proximité. Vous pouvez profitez  à  2 mn de la brasserie Barbes avec vue sur le métro aérien
31258	"Le logement est composé d'une entrée, d'une pièce principale avec canapé-lit style ""clic-clac"", d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain."	"Dans le 18eme, près du metro La Chapelle et de la Gare du Nord. 3eme étage. Fenêtres sur cour calme. L'appartement comprend une pièce principale avec canapé-lit, TV, Wi-fi, une cuisine et une salle de bain avec wc, douche et lave-linge. Le logement est composé d'une entrée, d'une pièce principale avec canapé-lit style ""clic-clac"", d'une cuisine et d'une salle de (website hidden), WIFI, cuisine (plaque chauffante, micro-onde, frigo), salle de bain (WC, douche, lave-linge). Je serai là pour accueillir les voyageurs.  Quartier vivant et bigarré, avec de nombreux commerces, des restaurants pas chers. proche des gares (du Nord & de l'Est).  -Metro La Chapelle (ligne 2) -Metro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) -Nombreuses lignes de bus à proximité -A 10mn à pied de la Gare du Nord"
31259		Très joli studio à 5 minutes du Sacré-Coeur, confortable, pratique et plein de charme. Très haut de plafond, la mezzanine semble une pièce à part. (1m70 en dessous, et au dessus). Douche, machine à laver, wi-fi, Rdc donnant sur cour,  à 2 min métro
31260	design, localisation...	Magnifique studio de 20m², à Montmartre à 5mn du Sacré Coeur entre les arrêts de métro Abbesses et Blanche (lignes 2 et 12). Je loue mon studio tout équipé, cuisine, télé, salle de bain avec baignoire, WIFI. design, localisation... Wifi, cuisine, TV, baignoire. Internet Petit village charmant au coeur de Paris. Tout est à disposition, plein de boutiques... 2 lignes de métro différentes : ligne 2 (arrêt Blanche) et la 12 (arrêt Abbesses). Bus 30, 68, N02... 
31261	The apartment is situated to the east of the Montmartre hill, a five-minute walk from the Sacre Coeur. In this lively district, one can easily find everything from traditional Parisian pastry and bread shops to African and Cambodian restaurants.  The apartment building is off of the main boulevard, surrounded by three narrow cobblestone streets. This allows you to experience all of the life in Paris while still enjoying a quiet, neighborhood apartment.  The apartment is conveniently located a short 5 minute walk from the Barbes- Rochechouart metro stop (lines 2 and 4) and a 10 minute walk from Gard du Nord (direct access to airport and lines B, D, 4 and 5).  Renovated in 2009, this apartment is fully equipped with modern furniture, kitchen appliances and a bathroom with a 6-inch waterfall-shower faucet. The bedroom has a king-sized bed and a large closet for your personal belongings. Full-length windows in the living room and bedroom provide ample natural light.  Perfect for 2-3 people	The apartment is situated to the east of the Montmartre hill, a five-minute walk from the Sacre Coeur. In this lively district, one can easily find everything from traditional Parisian pastry and bread shops to African and Cambodian restaurants.  The apartment building is off of the main boulevard, surrounded by three narrow cobblestone streets. This allows you to experience all of the life in Paris while still enjoying a quiet, neighborhood apartment.  The apartment is conveniently located a short 5 minute walk from the Barbes- Rochechouart metro stop (lines 2 and 4) and a 10 minute walk from Gard du Nord (direct access to airport and lines B, D, 4 and 5).  Renovated in 2009, this apartment is fully equipped with modern furniture, kitchen appliances and a bathroom with a 6-inch waterfall-shower faucet. The bedroom has a king-sized bed and a large closet for your personal belongings. Full-length windows in the living room and bedroom provide ample natural light.  Perfect for 2-3 people
31262	Appartement haussmannien de 43m2 (cheminées, moulures, vieux parquet...). Beaucoup de caractère.   	    Appartement de charme de 43m2 dans le 9ème arrondissement de Paris à  5 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur et 10 minutes à pied du Moulin Rouge.  Quartier animé, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Métro le plus proche à 30 mètres.        Appartement haussmannien de 43m2 (cheminées, moulures, vieux parquet...). Beaucoup de caractère.   Accès à tout l'appartement.  Echange par mail ou téléphone.  Emplacement idéal au niveau touristique (Sacré cœur, moulin rouge, Pigalle...).  Quartier animé et branché (nombreux restaurants, brunch, bar, boites de nuit).  Barbes (ligne 4), Anvers (ligne 2), gare du nord (ligne 5, 4)
31263		Home sweet home! Really nice quiet apartment in which to rest and take advantage of the city. Located at the foot of Montmartre in a bohemian neighborhood. Close to the metro (lines 4&2). 20 mins walk to centre of the city.     
31264	This is a 55 sq meters apartment, 1st floor, with a bobo-chic Parisian style (parquet flooring, large living room windows, moulded ceilings etc.) The apartment has 2 bedrooms; the 1st bedroom has a king size bed (160X200) and a wardrobe, the 2nd bedroom has a 140X200 cm bed and a wardrobe too.  Our kitchen has 4 electric stoves, a fridge with a freezer, oven, microwave, mini dishwasher as well as a range of useful cooking utensils - knives, juicer, hand blender...  We have a bathroom with a bath/shower, sink and toilet.  Other conveniences include a washing machine with drier and we have a free standing clothes air dryer, flatiron, wireless internet, TV and we can leave a computer if you need. We also let you free coffee, tea and all the condiments. And in the bathroom, one hairdrier, free shampoo and shower gel ! Please let me know if you have any questions. I will be happy to welcome you in Paris and to give you some good adresses. The flat is for discrete and calm travellers.	Welcome to your lovely Royal Suite in the heart of Montmartre !  5 min from Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge.  This is a charming 55 sq meters apartment in a quiet street with a chic Parisian style and 2 bedrooms, wireless internet, tv.  This is a 55 sq meters apartment, 1st floor, with a bobo-chic Parisian style (parquet flooring, large living room windows, moulded ceilings etc.) The apartment has 2 bedrooms; the 1st bedroom has a king size bed (160X200) and a wardrobe, the 2nd bedroom has a 140X200 cm bed and a wardrobe too.  Our kitchen has 4 electric stoves, a fridge with a freezer, oven, microwave, mini dishwasher as well as a range of useful cooking utensils - knives, juicer, hand blender...  We have a bathroom with a bath/shower, sink and toilet.  Other conveniences include a washing machine with drier and we have a free standing clothes air dryer, flatiron, wireless internet, TV and we can leave a computer if you need. We also let you free coffee, tea and all the condiments. And in
31265	Magnifique duplex au 2ème étage sans ascenseur lumineux décoré avec goût dans un véritable style vintage parisien (moulures, poutres, pierres apparentes tout y est!!) le tout dans une copropriété très sympa (nous adorons nos voisins!!)  Cet appartement est parfaitement équipé, il possède également un joli balcon filant en plus de ses deux chambres  (lit queen size et lit 2 places standard) sans vis à vis, son grand salon/salle à manger, ses 2 wc, sa salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, son salon TV et sa belle cuisine.	Duplex de 95 m2 aménagé par un décorateur dans un style parisien (moulures, parquet pointe de Hongrie, pierres apparentes, balcon, cheminée et poutres tout y est!!) Lumineux et très cosy vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Magnifique duplex au 2ème étage sans ascenseur lumineux décoré avec goût dans un véritable style vintage parisien (moulures, poutres, pierres apparentes tout y est!!) le tout dans une copropriété très sympa (nous adorons nos voisins!!)  Cet appartement est parfaitement équipé, il possède également un joli balcon filant en plus de ses deux chambres  (lit queen size et lit 2 places standard) sans vis à vis, son grand salon/salle à manger, ses 2 wc, sa salle de bain avec douche et baignoire, son salon TV et sa belle cuisine. Vous aurez accès à notre appartement qui est très bien équipé et possède le wifi, une grande cuisine équipée ainsi qu'une salle de bain (douche et baignoire), 2 wc (un par étage), une grande chambre, un grand salon/salle à manger, un balcon filant
31266	The apartment is very bright, calm and clean. There are 2 rooms, you'll be living in the small one. It's on the 5th floor (with elevator) and there is a view on a private garden with the Sacré Coeur on top! There is central heating, it's always warm and cosy. 	Very bright and peacefull room with large comfortable bed and view of the Sacré Coeur. Space very clean, warm (in winter!) and comfortable. All commodities, close to subway, supermarket down the street. The apartment is very bright, calm and clean. There are 2 rooms, you'll be living in the small one. It's on the 5th floor (with elevator) and there is a view on a private garden with the Sacré Coeur on top! There is central heating, it's always warm and cosy. I will be on holiday so you may stay alone in the flat. I will come back around august 20th. We like to share good french breakfasts with delicious tees, orange juice and good bred, so the morning is always the time to have a nice conversation. The neighberhood is very lively, next to the Sacré Coeur, between Montmartre and Barbes-Rochechouart.  The street where we live is the limit between the historical parisian area of Montmartre and the very popular and cosmopolite area of Barbès. All comodities very close. A supermarket just d
31267	"Situated on the first floor in a ""Montmartois"" building, French Kiss is a romantic and cozy hideaway located on in a cobble-stoned passage. The name of the apartment was inspired by Doisneau's ""Le Baiser de L'Opera"" (sister shot to the well-known Le Baiser de l'Hôtel de Ville), which you find prominently featured in the living room. Never was a more romantic image of Paris taken by one of the world's most renowned photographers. Other images of Paris that have circulated the world are featured throughout the apartment. The apartment has been tastefully & elegantly decorated to give you a feeling of calm and tranquility even in the busy city of light. The rooms overlook a small inner courtyard. The living room, bedroom and bathroom are all off the entrance hall with the living room having its own door in case you might need to make use of the sofa bed for a third guest. You will admire the exposed original oak beams in the hall which is a trademark of some of the older buildings in Pari"	"This romantic flat sleeps 3 and overlooks a small courtyard. Located in a quaint passage in Montmartre, you will feel at home instantly and can experience life as a Parisian, with the flat equipped with anything you may need for a comfortable stay    Situated on the first floor in a ""Montmartois"" building, French Kiss is a romantic and cozy hideaway located on in a cobble-stoned passage. The name of the apartment was inspired by Doisneau's ""Le Baiser de L'Opera"" (sister shot to the well-known Le Baiser de l'Hôtel de Ville), which you find prominently featured in the living room. Never was a more romantic image of Paris taken by one of the world's most renowned photographers. Other images of Paris that have circulated the world are featured throughout the apartment. The apartment has been tastefully & elegantly decorated to give you a feeling of calm and tranquility even in the busy city of light. The rooms overlook a small inner courtyard. The living room, bedroom and bathroom are all "
31268	This quiet flat has a seperated room from the kitchen and the bathroom. It is perfectly located in Montmartre neighborhood and 600m from Moulin-Rouge and Sacré Coeur. This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette or Opera. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of supermarkets, wine shop, cheese shop, butcher, grocery and a lot of bakeries in less right at the foot of the flat. The metro station is at less than 150 meter and bus stop at 200 meter (especially one direct from gare de nord). This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris.	Quiet and placed ideally near Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur and Pigalle.  Cosy, practical, it can welcome up to 2 people in a king size bed. 1 entrance separated from  room, kitchen and facilities. Luminous 5th floor, perfect for couples! This quiet flat has a seperated room from the kitchen and the bathroom. It is perfectly located in Montmartre neighborhood and 600m from Moulin-Rouge and Sacré Coeur. This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette or Opera. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of supermarkets, wine shop, cheese shop, butcher, grocery and a lot of bakeries in less right at the foot of the flat. The metro station is at less than 150 meter and bus stop at 200 meter (especially one direct from gare de nord). This definitively a good place to enjoy Paris. 1 diner table, 4 chairs, 1 TV, 1 Sound system, Wifi, 1 oven, 1 washing machine, 1 fridge (no freezer), 1 shower, 1 toilet, 1 shelves 
31269	"Situé dans à la mairie du 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à l'angle de la rue Hermel et du square Kriegel-Valrimont, une enclave ""haussmanienne"", dans un quartier à la fois populaire et chaleureux. Le studio vous apportera tout le confort pour une ou deux personnes, que vous restiez 3, 4 jours ou même 1 mois : lit 2 places, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, WIFI, TV, cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, micro-onde, four électrique, plaques chauffantes), machine à laver le linge, bureau, table basse, espaces de rangements... Donnant sur la rue Hermel, il est sans vis à vis, très lumineux la journée, il est aussi très chaleureux le soir grâce à l'éclairage. "	"Situé dans à la mairie du 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à l'angle de la rue Hermel et du square Kriegel-Valrimont, une enclave ""haussmanienne"", dans un quartier à la fois populaire et chaleureux. Le studio vous apportera tout le confort pour une ou deux personnes, que vous restiez 3, 4 jours ou même 1 mois : lit 2 places, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, WIFI, TV, cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, micro-onde, four électrique, plaques chauffantes), machine à laver le linge, bureau, table basse, espaces de rangements... Donnant sur la rue Hermel, il est sans vis à vis, très lumineux la journée, il est aussi très chaleureux le soir grâce à l'éclairage.  Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Digicode. Pour plus de confort, le linge de maison (draps, taies, housses de couette et serviettes de bain) est fourni sans supplément.  Je loue le studio quand je n'y suis pas, et suis à votre disposition pour vous conseiller, et joignable quoiqu'il en soit par téléphone En cas d'absence de ma part, v"
31270	Its a very charming and romantic studio with hard-wood floors, furnished kitchen and a large bathroom with a very nice shower. The main room offers a sofa that quickly converts into a large and very confortable bed, a marble dining table, a wooden desk, a dressing, a Hi-Fi. The kitchen includes a full range of cooking and eating ustensils (Cookware « Le Creuset », mixer, casserole, wok, crystal glasses, cups, italian coffee maker, italian pasta maker, french manufactured « Laguiole » knifes, towels, plates,... plus basic products such as oil, vinegar, salt & pepper, herbs & spices,... The bathroom is large and luminous. It includes a particularly pleasurable shower running very hot and under good pressure and a cleaning/drying machine. Bath towels washing liquid and soaps will be provided. 	Welcome to my great studio standing in front of the Sacré-Coeur, at the top of the Montmartre Hill, in a quiet street totaly immersed in the Montmartre mood ! Its a charming studio, large and luminous, that will perfectly suit a couple. Its a very charming and romantic studio with hard-wood floors, furnished kitchen and a large bathroom with a very nice shower. The main room offers a sofa that quickly converts into a large and very confortable bed, a marble dining table, a wooden desk, a dressing, a Hi-Fi. The kitchen includes a full range of cooking and eating ustensils (Cookware « Le Creuset », mixer, casserole, wok, crystal glasses, cups, italian coffee maker, italian pasta maker, french manufactured « Laguiole » knifes, towels, plates,... plus basic products such as oil, vinegar, salt & pepper, herbs & spices,... The bathroom is large and luminous. It includes a particularly pleasurable shower running very hot and under good pressure and a cleaning/drying machine. Bath towels washi
31271	"Near Montmartre and Flea market, put your lugagge in a charming & comfortable architect studio, view over the roofs Entre Montmartre et les Puces, posez vos bagages dans ce confortable studio d'architecte au charme parisien, vue sur les toits Enjoy! A ""studio de style"" perfectly optimized offering 180 ° views over the rooftops of Paris. A clear view you can enjoy its benefits on the small terrace. A luminous and charming place completely renovated combining classic furniture and design decoration. A haven of peace. Enjoy all the comfort in this atypical volume studio. Studio de style parfaitement optimisé offrant une vue à 180° sur les toits de Paris. Une vue dégagée dont vous pourrez profiter de ses avantages sur la petite terrasse. Un lieu très lumineux et  attachant totalement rénové mêlant mobilier classique et décoration design. Un véritable havre de paix. Bénéficiez de tout le confort dans ce studio au volume atypique.  Superficie/ Square : 36m2 / 3,3 sq ft Etage/Floor : 7 avec a"	"Near Montmartre and Flea market, put your lugagge in a charming & comfortable architect studio, view over the roofs Entre Montmartre et les Puces, posez vos bagages dans ce confortable studio d'architecte au charme parisien, vue sur les toits Enjoy! Near Montmartre and Flea market, put your lugagge in a charming & comfortable architect studio, view over the roofs Entre Montmartre et les Puces, posez vos bagages dans ce confortable studio d'architecte au charme parisien, vue sur les toits Enjoy! A ""studio de style"" perfectly optimized offering 180 ° views over the rooftops of Paris. A clear view you can enjoy its benefits on the small terrace. A luminous and charming place completely renovated combining classic furniture and design decoration. A haven of peace. Enjoy all the comfort in this atypical volume studio. Studio de style parfaitement optimisé offrant une vue à 180° sur les toits de Paris. Une vue dégagée dont vous pourrez profiter de ses avantages sur la petite terrasse. Un lie"
31272	A charming typically parisian flat, 2 rooms in front of a little wood, the Bois Dormoy, near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. Calm and a view on the wood where you can have access according to the timetable of the assiociation.  A spacious bedroom and a living room with a fonctionning open fire. Little kitchen and bathroom with a shower.  Internet Wifi - TV - DVD player- 1 bed for 2 pers. 160 cm. and 1 sofa bed for 1 person. Washing and drying machine. First floor - Near Métro Marx Dormoy line 12 and La Chapelle line 2. 15 mn by foot from Gare du Nord or direct bus 65. Very near marché de l'Olive, market place with fresh food, nice restaurants and bars.  I am speaking english fluently ! 	Charming typical parisian front in front of a little wood in the middle of Paris. Near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. 2 rooms, 1 bedroom with a double bed and 1 living room with a sofa bed, for 3 persons maximum. A charming typically parisian flat, 2 rooms in front of a little wood, the Bois Dormoy, near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. Calm and a view on the wood where you can have access according to the timetable of the assiociation.  A spacious bedroom and a living room with a fonctionning open fire. Little kitchen and bathroom with a shower.  Internet Wifi - TV - DVD player- 1 bed for 2 pers. 160 cm. and 1 sofa bed for 1 person. Washing and drying machine. First floor - Near Métro Marx Dormoy line 12 and La Chapelle line 2. 15 mn by foot from Gare du Nord or direct bus 65. Very near marché de l'Olive, market place with fresh food, nice restaurants and bars.  I am speaking english fluently ! My guests will have access to the litlle wood in front of the appartment during opening hours. I 
31273	 Ground floor with access from private courtyard. Bedroom overlooking quiet courtyard. Walk-in wardrobe and storage space. Living room opening on to terrace overlooking railway lines from Gare du Nord. Newly and fully equipped kitchen opening onto living room. Shower room with stone/pebble flooring. Separate WC.       	A charming and unusual apartment in rue Stephenson, close to Saint Bernard church. Both north/south (east/west) outlook. 40m2 Loi Carrez. 14m2 adjoining terrace with dedicated storage space.  Ground floor with access from private courtyard. Bedroom overlooking quiet courtyard. Walk-in wardrobe and storage space. Living room opening on to terrace overlooking railway lines from Gare du Nord. Newly and fully equipped kitchen opening onto living room. Shower room with stone/pebble flooring. Separate WC.        Close to Gare du Nord, Thalys and Eurostar. Schools and shops close by. Metro stations La Chapelle and Marcadet-Poissoniers 
31274	Close to Montmartre (10 mn walk) this nicely wood floor apartment in a popular but safe area,is very quiet and bright, The view from the 6th floor (elevator) is really amazing on all Paris (Eiffel tower and sacré-coeur for exemple), You can reach any point in Paris from the metro « La Chapelle/gare du nord » 5 minutes down the apartment (this metro line brings you to the « Charles de Gaulle »  airport in 45 mn), This 5 windows charming apartment has internet (wifi), cable TV international chanels, a calm bedroom (no neighbour all around) with double bed (new matrice and a choice of different pillows and duvets), a kitchen with all you need to really cook !,a clean shower room with separeted toilettes,a big confortable sofa bed,a very top of range washing machine, etc,, A supermarket is just down the street (1 minute!) and a private indoor parking lot (around 56 euros per week) if you need it,You will find many little shops and services (cheap bicycles rent or electric cars from the cit	"Charming 28m2, 2 rooms wood floor apartment, very quiet and bright with a great view on all Paris (Eiffel tower and Sacré-cœur too!) full equipment and good new bed.easy to reach any location in Paris from metro ""La Chapelle""/""Gare du nord"". Close to Montmartre (10 mn walk) this nicely wood floor apartment in a popular but safe area,is very quiet and bright, The view from the 6th floor (elevator) is really amazing on all Paris (Eiffel tower and sacré-coeur for exemple), You can reach any point in Paris from the metro « La Chapelle/gare du nord » 5 minutes down the apartment (this metro line brings you to the « Charles de Gaulle »  airport in 45 mn), This 5 windows charming apartment has internet (wifi), cable TV international chanels, a calm bedroom (no neighbour all around) with double bed (new matrice and a choice of different pillows and duvets), a kitchen with all you need to really cook !,a clean shower room with separeted toilettes,a big confortable sofa bed,a very top of range w"
31275	mon studio de 22m² et bien situé, station métro et bus devant l'immeuble commerce à proximité à 2 stations de place de Clichy 	Je sous loue mon appartement que j'habite de temps à autre vu que je suis souvent en déplacement  un beau studio de 22m² équipé et bien agencé tous confort, non fumeur et animaux sont pas le bienvenue :/   Bref je suis sympa et pas vraiment chiant :) mon studio de 22m² et bien situé, station métro et bus devant l'immeuble commerce à proximité à 2 stations de place de Clichy  Accès métro ligne 13 station Guy Moquet 
31276	Une vue dégagée, un emplacement calme, à proximité des commerces, quartier populaire et agréable, avec un marché animé le dimanche (sur le boulevard, à 2min).  5 min à pied de la mairie du 18eme, des bars et restaurants - terrasses, 10 min à pied du Sacré Cœur et de Montmartre et des Abbesses, 5 minutes à pied des Puces de clignancourt....  Métro direct dans le centre de Paris (lignes 12 et 4). Accès à tout l'appartement, cuisine, salle de bain (douche à l'italienne), toilettes séparés, Wifi... Conseils sur les commerces, restaurants et bars du quartier.... Métro (12 et 4) à Marcadet Poissonnier ou Simplon à 3-5 minutes à pied.	Une vue dégagée, un emplacement calme, à proximité des commerces, quartier populaire et agréable, avec un marché animé le dimanche (sur le boulevard, à 2min).  5 min à pied de la mairie du 18eme, des bars et restaurants - terrasses, 10 min à pied du Sacré Cœur et de Montmartre et des Abbesses, 5 minutes à pied des Puces de clignancourt....  Métro direct dans le centre de Paris (lignes 12 et 4). Accès à tout l'appartement, cuisine, salle de bain (douche à l'italienne), toilettes séparés, Wifi... Conseils sur les commerces, restaurants et bars du quartier.... Métro (12 et 4) à Marcadet Poissonnier ou Simplon à 3-5 minutes à pied.
31277		2-pièces 42m2, ensoleillé et accueillant, 4è étage, bel équipement, petite sdb, quartier prisé des Abbesses, à deux pas du Sacré-Coeur. Peut loger 3 voyageurs. Meubles et linge de maison de qualité, cinq grandes fenêtres. Nombreux cafés et boutiques.
31278	Charming and cosy apartment of 50m², very sunny and quiet, situated at a 5-minute walk from Abbesses/Montmartre area! Large and comfy living room, large bedroom (bed 160x200cm), both facing South. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with tub. Our apartment is cosy and comfortable, with lots of wooden furniture and vintage items we love antiquing! Down the street you will find many restaurants, cafes, bakeries (famous Gontran Cherrier!), all sorts of shops and a pleasant fresh market at walking distance (on Saturday morning). The lively Abbesses, Montmartre and Sacré-coeur areas are within walking distance as well. The area is directly served by two bus lines going through all the Paris most beautiful spots (Louvre, Opera, Saint-Germain-des-Pres ...), and several subway lines. We will be delighted to advise you with lots of cool and interesting places in Paris! Charmant appartement de 50m², ensoleillé et très calme, à 5 minutes à pied du quartier des Abbesses/Montmartre, disposant d'un gra	Charming and cosy apartment of 50m², very sunny and quiet, situated at a 5-minute walk from Abbesses/Montmartre area! Large and comfy living room, large bedroom (bed 160x200cm), both facing South. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with tub. Our apartment is cosy and comfortable, with lots of wooden furniture and vintage items we love antiquing! Down the street you will find many restaurants, cafes, bakeries (famous Gontran Cherrier!), all sorts of shops and a pleasant fresh market at walking distance (on Saturday morning). The lively Abbesses, Montmartre and Sacré-coeur areas are within walking distance as well. The area is directly served by two bus lines going through all the Paris most beautiful spots (Louvre, Opera, Saint-Germain-des-Pres ...), and several subway lines. We will be delighted to advise you with lots of cool and interesting places in Paris! Charmant appartement de 50m², ensoleillé et très calme, à 5 minutes à pied du quartier des Abbesses/Montmartre, disposant d'un gra
31279	Unique pièce à vivre: pratique et confortable Calme, donnant sur cours intérieure. 	Studio douillet de 24m2 situé au coeur de Montmartre. - Calme et confortable - 2min du métro Abesses (L12) et 5min du métro Pigalle (L2) - 2ème étage Unique pièce à vivre: pratique et confortable Calme, donnant sur cours intérieure. Quartier typique et vivant Face à l'épicerie Colignon (Amélie Poulain) Meilleur boulangerie de paris à 2 min Fromager et traiteurs en tous genres dans les rues adjacentes métro ligne 12 arrêt Abesses métro ligne 2 arrêt Pigalle Habitant les lieux, des affaires seront dans les placards. Je compte sur vous pour les surveiller.
31280	Appartement traversant de 33-mètres carrés à deux pas de la Gare du Nord. Les fenêtres sont orientées nord-sud. La chambre donnant sur cour est très tranquille. Parquet dans le salon ainsi que dans la chambre. Dernier étage donc très calme. Canapé convertible, four, plaques, micro-ondes, frigo, bouilloire, machine à café. Sèche-serviettes dans la salle de bain (WC séparé). Des radiateurs dans chaque pièce. Télé, wifi, machine à laver. Au 6ème avec ascenseur. Intérieur moderne dans un bâtiment du 19ème siècle.  Près de Montmartre, du canal Saint-Martin et du 104 le lieu d'Art Contemporain. À pied : - à 8 minutes du Canal St-Martin - à 20 minutes du Sacré Coeur - à 7 minutes de la Gare du Nord - à 3 minutes du métro (les lignes 2, 4, 5 ainsi que les RER B et D) En métro : - à 10 minutes de Châtelet, le centre de Paris. - trajet direct à l'aéroport Charles-de-Gaulle. Très pratique pour aller à Orly aussi. Charming 33-meter-squared apartment next to the Gare du Nord. Views of the street an	Appartement 2 pièces calme de 33-mètres carrés au 6ème étage (ascenseur). Canapé convertible. Télé, wifi, machine à laver. Intérieur moderne dans un bâtiment du 19ème siècle.  Proche des réseaux de transport, du canal saint-martin et de Montmartre ! Appartement traversant de 33-mètres carrés à deux pas de la Gare du Nord. Les fenêtres sont orientées nord-sud. La chambre donnant sur cour est très tranquille. Parquet dans le salon ainsi que dans la chambre. Dernier étage donc très calme. Canapé convertible, four, plaques, micro-ondes, frigo, bouilloire, machine à café. Sèche-serviettes dans la salle de bain (WC séparé). Des radiateurs dans chaque pièce. Télé, wifi, machine à laver. Au 6ème avec ascenseur. Intérieur moderne dans un bâtiment du 19ème siècle.  Près de Montmartre, du canal Saint-Martin et du 104 le lieu d'Art Contemporain. À pied : - à 8 minutes du Canal St-Martin - à 20 minutes du Sacré Coeur - à 7 minutes de la Gare du Nord - à 3 minutes du métro (les lignes 2, 4, 5 ainsi 
31281	Typical Montmartrois flat a few minutes’ walk from the Basilique du Sacré Cœur. Bright, tastefully decorated, and with great views up the the Sacré Coeur and over the Parisian rooftops. Enjoy the ‘café culture’ of this popular up-and-coming area of Montmartre. Easy access to public transport. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator. Unfortunately the elevator is not large enough to accommodate a wheelchair.  The building and the apartment date from 19th century and have been recently renovated in keeping with typical Parisian style. The apartment is equipped with all the comforts of home (it is our home!).	Typical Montmartrois flat, recently renovated, in the heart of the popular Village Ramey area. Fully equipped and comfortable 2 bedroom apartment with great views. Accommodation is in one double room, one single room and a convertible sofa. Typical Montmartrois flat a few minutes’ walk from the Basilique du Sacré Cœur. Bright, tastefully decorated, and with great views up the the Sacré Coeur and over the Parisian rooftops. Enjoy the ‘café culture’ of this popular up-and-coming area of Montmartre. Easy access to public transport. The apartment is on the fourth floor with an elevator. Unfortunately the elevator is not large enough to accommodate a wheelchair.  The building and the apartment date from 19th century and have been recently renovated in keeping with typical Parisian style. The apartment is equipped with all the comforts of home (it is our home!). Guests have access to all parts of the appartment. We will provide you with a list of all our favourite places to go and things to 
31282	au 7 eme et dernière étage grand appartement dans Paris avec vue dégagé à deux pas des transport. un jardin d'hiver vous permettant de profiter d'un balcon tout en étant abriter. l'appartement est exposé plein sud coté jardin (très silencieux)	Bel appartement 2 pièces lumineux de 70m2 avec jardin d'hiver au 7e étage avec ascenseur exposé plein sud.composé d'une chambre et d'un grand séjour.10 min du sacré coeur en transport!Prix à la semaine collectif. au 7 eme et dernière étage grand appartement dans Paris avec vue dégagé à deux pas des transport. un jardin d'hiver vous permettant de profiter d'un balcon tout en étant abriter. l'appartement est exposé plein sud coté jardin (très silencieux)
31283	As it is our home,we make a great deal if you stay the week (check the week price). The flat is easy and very nice to live in. Lots of light, high ceiling. The area is very well connected with line 4 (to city center) and line 2, to Champs Elysées, Montmartre, or the 19th district area (with the canal)	Ideal for a couple or couple with child. The flat is located in the lively area of Barbes. 70 m from the subway station. 5 minutes walk from Montmartre and grocery store, cafes, cinema (The Louxor). You'll live the real Paris : mixed, alive, colorful As it is our home,we make a great deal if you stay the week (check the week price). The flat is easy and very nice to live in. Lots of light, high ceiling. The area is very well connected with line 4 (to city center) and line 2, to Champs Elysées, Montmartre, or the 19th district area (with the canal) Internet (wifi), washing machine, address of restaurants and things to do... I live with my girlfriend Gwladys. This is really our home. We will do our best to be there for your check in and check out. To be honest, the neighborhood just down the street is not so nice. It is poor but it is safe, the subway is very near, Montmartre is near. All changes in one street, like in New York ! Subway very near, line 4, 2 and Gare du Nord 10 minutes wa
31284		One bedroom appartment 15 mn walk from Montmartre.  Large living room and open kitchen (20 sq meters). Sofa in the living room. Very bright because exposed to the south. View on a large and quiet courtyard. Fully furnished and nice deco 
31285	Very bright apartment, well appointed, close to Montmartre. View over the rooftops of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. All the shops are down the street (supermarket, bakery, vegetables, beer, beer ...) and the metro, bus and Velib! There is a market Ordener street a few minutes walk. It was nice to wake up and take a shower with views over the rooftops and in the evening the sunset is beautiful! Near Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, but also Batignolles and the St Ouen flea. The Champs Elysees and the Louvre are them 20 minutes by metro. ( I want to clarify that beyond 2 person sofa bed is extra, more than a real bed.) Do not hesitate to écire me a note with your reservation, I like to talk a little.	Very nice, comfortable, and clear appartement. View on the Effeil tower, and a few blocks from Montmartre. Bienvenue ! Very bright apartment, well appointed, close to Montmartre. View over the rooftops of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. All the shops are down the street (supermarket, bakery, vegetables, beer, beer ...) and the metro, bus and Velib! There is a market Ordener street a few minutes walk. It was nice to wake up and take a shower with views over the rooftops and in the evening the sunset is beautiful! Near Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, but also Batignolles and the St Ouen flea. The Champs Elysees and the Louvre are them 20 minutes by metro. ( I want to clarify that beyond 2 person sofa bed is extra, more than a real bed.) Do not hesitate to écire me a note with your reservation, I like to talk a little. Logement non fumeur. 27m2
31286	Beautiful bright and recently done up flat (46m2 with a lot of style) fiting 1 to 4 people (there is a comfortable convertible sofa in the living-room) with views over parisian buildings. Separate toilet, and on sweet bathroom in the bedroom. 5 minute walk to metro station (line 12) and close to 3 different bus lines.  My girlfriend and I  live in the flat and are letting in out during our holidays, since we think it would be a great place to stay for a visit in Paris (much more comfortable than many smaller flats that are a little more central) The area is lively and there are plenty of new hype restaurants and bars, just 10 minutes walk away. The traditional french market of la Chapelle is just up the road, with plenty of high quality products (cheese, meat, fish...) The flat is a perfect place to relax after a long day walking around Paris! We love living in it, so we hope you will love having a stay here! 	Very bright one room flat with big living-room that can host one to four people. In a gentrifying area with very nice traditionnal food market, restaurants and wine bars.  By metro : 7mn to Montmartre, 15mn to Opéra, 20mn to Champs Elysées Beautiful bright and recently done up flat (46m2 with a lot of style) fiting 1 to 4 people (there is a comfortable convertible sofa in the living-room) with views over parisian buildings. Separate toilet, and on sweet bathroom in the bedroom. 5 minute walk to metro station (line 12) and close to 3 different bus lines.  My girlfriend and I  live in the flat and are letting in out during our holidays, since we think it would be a great place to stay for a visit in Paris (much more comfortable than many smaller flats that are a little more central) The area is lively and there are plenty of new hype restaurants and bars, just 10 minutes walk away. The traditional french market of la Chapelle is just up the road, with plenty of high quality products (che
31287		Charmant studio à 10minutes à pied du Sacré cœur!Au calme, studio avec balcon entièrement meublé et équipé (four, plaques, lave linge, etc..). Côté salon avec canapé lit grand couchage, cuisine américaine. 26 m2 de studio et balcon vue toit de Paris. 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, rues avec petits commerces et restaurants à proximité, calme et sure à 7 minutes à pied du métro Lamarck Caulaincourt ligne 12
31288	Beautiful loft, few steps from Montmartre Basilica... design, comfort and beauty give you appointment in this special place; a big and ethereal living, two bedrooms, an over equipped kitchen, all comforts, a nice bathroom, lots of cupboards and a little cozy private patio to be enjoyed in spring and summertime. In the way to the Basilica (500 fts/150 meters away) a cute little square with few Parisian restaurants and bistrot shows one the best part of the district.	Beautiful loft, few steps from Montmartre Basilica... design, comfort and beauty give you appointment in this special place; a big and ethereal living, two bedrooms, an over equipped kitchen, all comforts, a nice bathroom, lots of cupboards and a little cozy private patio to be enjoyed in spring and summertime. In the way to the Basilica (500 fts/150 meters away) a cute little square with few Parisian restaurants and bistrot shows one the best part of the district.
31289	Situé à 5 minutes à pied  de Montmartre dans un quartier vivant et animé, je loue une chambre lumineuse et rénovée,  au 1er  étage comprenant  un cabinet de toilette et d'une douche, équipé  d un canapé 2 place, d'un bureau et de rangements . Les toilettes ,la cuisine équipée et  le lave linge/séchant sont en commun avec le propriétaire dans un appartement de (website hidden) situation  : Rue Duc  à 2 mns de 2 station de métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (ligne 12) et JulesJoffrin (ligne 12) et Guy Moquet (ligne13) . La ligne 12 et les bus 80,95,31  vous permettront de rejoindre facilement divers points touristiques .Vélib' à proximité. Le quartier possède de nombreux petits commerces et bars, une vraie vie de quartier.    L'appartement est également équipé d 'Internet en WIFI et de linge de bain. Je serais ravi de vous conseiller pour que  votre séjour à Paris soit le plus agréable possible 	Situé à 5 minutes à pied  de Montmartre dans un quartier vivant et animé, je loue une chambre lumineuse et rénovée,  au 1er  étage comprenant  un cabinet de toilette et d'une douche, équipé  d un canapé 2 place, d'un bureau et de rangements . Les toilettes ,la cuisine équipée et  le lave linge/séchant sont en commun avec le propriétaire dans un appartement de (website hidden) situation  : Rue Duc  à 2 mns de 2 station de métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt (ligne 12) et JulesJoffrin (ligne 12) et Guy Moquet (ligne13) . La ligne 12 et les bus 80,95,31  vous permettront de rejoindre facilement divers points touristiques .Vélib' à proximité. Le quartier possède de nombreux petits commerces et bars, une vraie vie de quartier.    L'appartement est également équipé d 'Internet en WIFI et de linge de bain. Je serais ravi de vous conseiller pour que  votre séjour à Paris soit le plus agréable possible 
31290		A 10 min à pied du Sacré Cœur, vous pourrez séjourner dans mon appartement calme au cœur du quartier vivant de Château Rouge, et à 50 mètres du métro... Très bien desservi par les transports et à 2 stations de la Gare du Nord. Soyez les bienvenus
31291	This one-bedroom (50 square meters) apartment has been completely renovated and offers you every modern convenience combined with unparalleled Parisian charm. 	If you are dreaming of waking up to a bright Paris morning and having coffee overlooking the city’s romantic rooftops and the Eiffel Tower, look no further! Welcome to your home at the very top of Montmartre! This one-bedroom (50 square meters) apartment has been completely renovated and offers you every modern convenience combined with unparalleled Parisian charm.  The apartment is fully-loaded for the most discerning guests: features include a king-sized bed, large walk-in shower, a clothes washer and separate tumbler dryer, a fully-equipped kitchen with breakfast bar, espresso and coffee makers, dishwasher, flat screen TV, stereo, WiFi, free international calling to most countries and much, much more. Even better: If you have guests, the owners have purchased a high-quality sofabed which will comfortably sleep up to two additional adults or children. Located on trendy rue des Abbesses, you are in the heart of a typically Parisian neighborhood loaded with cafes, award-winning boulang
31292	This quaint, wooden floored 1 bedroom apt was carefully designed by an architect in June 2012 : • It sleeps 3 guests. • Located steps from the lively 'Rue Lepic' and “Rue des Abbesses'.  • The apartment decor is tasteful and modern with a very clever use of space.  • Bedroom is very calm and open. On entering into the apartment one finds a small entrance.  To the right is the living room area which offers a warm comfortable seating arrangement (sofa + chairs) and a centre table. The room is also equipped with and open kitchen, a foldable dining table and a foldable bed.  The open kitchen is well equipped and offers all needed for cooking. The foldable dining table that seats 3 persons is discretely embedded in the wall unit, as is also the single bed. Opposite the living room is the bedroom offers a double bed and has a double window.  To the right of the bedroom door is the stunning bathroom which offers a wide shower and a sink. To the left of the bedroom area is the stand alone toil	This chic, contemporary apartment, is located in the culturally rich area of Montmartre in Paris. It is close to monuments, shops and restaurants. It sleeps three. Great value for money. This quaint, wooden floored 1 bedroom apt was carefully designed by an architect in June 2012 : • It sleeps 3 guests. • Located steps from the lively 'Rue Lepic' and “Rue des Abbesses'.  • The apartment decor is tasteful and modern with a very clever use of space.  • Bedroom is very calm and open. On entering into the apartment one finds a small entrance.  To the right is the living room area which offers a warm comfortable seating arrangement (sofa + chairs) and a centre table. The room is also equipped with and open kitchen, a foldable dining table and a foldable bed.  The open kitchen is well equipped and offers all needed for cooking. The foldable dining table that seats 3 persons is discretely embedded in the wall unit, as is also the single bed. Opposite the living room is the bedroom offers a do
31293	Superb loft, 120 sqms in Paris, XVIIIth area, very closed to Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur Basilic.  Very large 70 sqms living room with 4 meters ceiling. 2 double bed bedrooms and two bathrooms (shower and bath).  Very well furnished with art works (paintings, drawings...), and a long piano. In a contemporary style with antiques. The loft is very quite and clear with a beautiful view on Paris rooftops. The apartment is fully equiped (TV, vidéo, Hifi, Wifi...). The very typical Marché de l'olive is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment. Located 30 secondes away from the métro Marx Dormoy, on ligne 12, direct to La Concorde and the Champs Elysées.  Additional cleaning lady if requested.	Superb loft, 120 sqm, Paris 18 area, close to Montmartre. Very clear and calm, 2 bedrooms, very large living room (70 sqm), arty furniture (concert piano), totally equiped.  Ideal for family/ couple (up to 4 people). 20 meters from metro station.  Superb loft, 120 sqms in Paris, XVIIIth area, very closed to Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur Basilic.  Very large 70 sqms living room with 4 meters ceiling. 2 double bed bedrooms and two bathrooms (shower and bath).  Very well furnished with art works (paintings, drawings...), and a long piano. In a contemporary style with antiques. The loft is very quite and clear with a beautiful view on Paris rooftops. The apartment is fully equiped (TV, vidéo, Hifi, Wifi...). The very typical Marché de l'olive is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment. Located 30 secondes away from the métro Marx Dormoy, on ligne 12, direct to La Concorde and the Champs Elysées.  Additional cleaning lady if requested. Everything Welcoming, any help Animation, very French. 
31294	Logement de caractère poutres apparentes. 	Logement de caractère poutres apparentes.  Selon leurs attentes Quartier typique de Montmartre et le côté village du lieu Principalement métro ou voiture
31295	Vue dégagée sur cour avec arbre , écran plat , lit king size , baignoire sabot , 5 min de Montmartre et du quartier des abbesses .	"Sympathique et paisible T 2 ( avec lit king size ) contrastant avec l animation d un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris . A 5 min de Montmartre à pied et à dix des grands boulevards et de leur théâtres, restaurants, clubs. Pour 2 confort (voir 3/4matelas salon&supplément) Vue dégagée sur cour avec arbre , écran plat , lit king size , baignoire sabot , 5 min de Montmartre et du quartier des abbesses . Vous êtes à 200 mètres de la ligne 4 du métro. 400 mètres de la ligne 12 et à 400 mètres de la ligne 2.  À partir de votre arret de metro 4 ""Château Rouge"" vous êtes à 2 stations de la Gare du Nord et 3 stations de la Gare de l'Est.  2 stations de velib sont également à proximité du logement ainsi que des bus. Nous restons à votre disposition quoiqu'il arrive! À proximité de sites touristiques incontournables comme la basilique du sacré coeur et la butte Montmartre , le moulin rouge , les grands boulevards, le canal de l ourcq... Accès via les lignes de métro 4,12,2 .. A deux arrêts d"
31296	Notre appartement est idéalement situé à cinq minutes a pied de tous les points d'intérêt du quartier. Charmant deux pièces dans un immeuble typique du quartier, avec parquet et moulures. Au deuxième étage, il donne sur un jardin et une cour. Très calme! Une chambre avec lit double, plus un canapé qui se transforme en lit double dans le salon. Quatre personnes peuvent y dormir.	Beau deux pièces de charme en plein Montmartre (parquet et moulures). A 5min a pied du Sacré Coeur, a 3min a pied du Moulin Rouge et à deux pas de tous les commerces de bouche rue des Abbesses. A 5 minutes a pied des métro Blanche et Abbesses. Emplacement idéal! Notre appartement est idéalement situé à cinq minutes a pied de tous les points d'intérêt du quartier. Charmant deux pièces dans un immeuble typique du quartier, avec parquet et moulures. Au deuxième étage, il donne sur un jardin et une cour. Très calme! Une chambre avec lit double, plus un canapé qui se transforme en lit double dans le salon. Quatre personnes peuvent y dormir. Notre appartement est tout équipé! Lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, micro onde, cuiseur à vapeur, appareil a raclette, appareil à crêpes, machine à café et grille pain. Baignoire dans la salle de bain, sèche cheveux et table à repasser. Draps et serviettes (website hidden) et wifi. Et même un piano! Nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir si nous sommes à 
31297	Cet appartement 2 pièces est un vrai petit nid pouvant accueillir deux personnes. Il se trouve au 4è étage sans ascenseur mais vous y trouverez tous ce dont vous avez besoin pour un weekend ou des vacances à Paris.	Charmant 2 pièces au coeur de Montmartre ! Idéalement situé à quelques minutes seulement du Sacré-Coeur et Moulin Rouge, dans un quartier vivant, comme un village. Nombreux transports à proximité  (Abbesses, Pigalle, Blanche, Place de Clichy) Cet appartement 2 pièces est un vrai petit nid pouvant accueillir deux personnes. Il se trouve au 4è étage sans ascenseur mais vous y trouverez tous ce dont vous avez besoin pour un weekend ou des vacances à Paris. Je suis disponible la plupart du temps par téléphone si je n'ai pas d'obligation. Et je serai heureuse d'apporter tout l'aide et les conseils nécessaires. Le quartier des Abbesses est un endroit magique, il regorge de choses à découvrir: C'est le vrai petit village d'Amélie Poulain avec son Café des 2 Moulins et son cinema Studio 28. Mais aussi le Sacré Coeur, le moulin rouge et tous ses petits bars, restaurants et commerçants ... Et bien d'autres choses encore ! L'appartement se situe à 5 mn à pied des stations Blanche, Pigalle et Abbe
31298	Nous avons eu un véritable coup de coeur pour ce loft, rénovation d'un ancien restaurant fait par des architectes d'intérieur. Nous y vivons avec bonheur depuis 2 ans. L'appartement est atypique, tout en longueur, le mur est en pierre et les colonnes en brique.  Poussez la porte de la vitrine (opaque), depuis la rue à sens unique et calme, pour entrer directement sans passer par les parties communes de l'immeuble pour une impression de logement indépendant. Le salon est très lumineux. Installé sur le sofa, vous pourrez profiter de la bibliothèque, de jeux de société ou de la télé. Vous passerez ensuite par la cuisine, petite mais très fonctionnelle. En effet, vous y trouverez des planques électriques, un four, un lave vaisselle et un réfrigérateur. La salle à manger accueille une petite table vintage à rallonges ayant appartenue à ma grand-mère. Vous trouverez dans les placards toute la vaisselle nécessaire pour cuisiner et prendre vos repas. Sur votre gauche, l'entrée de la salle d'ea	Cet ancien restaurant, refait à neuf, vous accueillera au pied de la butte Montmartre, au coeur d'un quartier vivant et multiculturel. A 2 min des métro La Chapelle et Barbès et 5 min de Gare du Nord, pour être rapidement où vous voulez dans Paris. Nous avons eu un véritable coup de coeur pour ce loft, rénovation d'un ancien restaurant fait par des architectes d'intérieur. Nous y vivons avec bonheur depuis 2 ans. L'appartement est atypique, tout en longueur, le mur est en pierre et les colonnes en brique.  Poussez la porte de la vitrine (opaque), depuis la rue à sens unique et calme, pour entrer directement sans passer par les parties communes de l'immeuble pour une impression de logement indépendant. Le salon est très lumineux. Installé sur le sofa, vous pourrez profiter de la bibliothèque, de jeux de société ou de la télé. Vous passerez ensuite par la cuisine, petite mais très fonctionnelle. En effet, vous y trouverez des planques électriques, un four, un lave vaisselle et un réfrigé
31299	Cosy and very quiet 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom in the heart of the Abbesses neighbourhood, one of the most beautiful and open minded area in Paris. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place ! Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor : 2nd floor (by the stairs) (A 2nd floor in Europe means 2 flights of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 42 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. Kitchen all equipped with dishwasher. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A luxury standard convertible couch in the living room : 140 cm x 200 cm. A few steps away from Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge (100 meters away !). Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open markets. Concert venues : Divan du Monde - L	Feel the warm and delicate village atmosphere of this apartment in the heart of Montmartre / Les Abbesses village. Less than two minutes from the nearest metro station, this place will please you ! Cosy and very quiet 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom in the heart of the Abbesses neighbourhood, one of the most beautiful and open minded area in Paris. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place ! Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor : 2nd floor (by the stairs) (A 2nd floor in Europe means 2 flights of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 42 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. Kitchen all equipped with dishwasher. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A luxury standard convertible couch in the living room : 140 cm x 200 cm. A few steps away from Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge (100 meters away 
31300	Comfortable 25m2 with all necessary things for short or long staying. Wifi, music, TV, phone free for France or fix (not mobile or special) numbers in US & Europe, real frig, real two place bad, one of the best areas in Paris. 	Charming studio at Abbesses Montmartre area. Best place to discover Paris of Parisians.  Designer boutiques, bars, restaurants, metro are just downstairs. Calm and warm place for two people with everything you need for a comfortable staying!       Comfortable 25m2 with all necessary things for short or long staying. Wifi, music, TV, phone free for France or fix (not mobile or special) numbers in US & Europe, real frig, real two place bad, one of the best areas in Paris.  All flat Fashion neighborhood close to Historical Montmartre hill and Sacré Coeur basilic. Salvador Dali Museum, Amelie Poulin café, good restaurants with bio and quality food, pubs and bars open till late. A pleasure for a day walk as well as for night life. Mix of fun and culture. Unlike other places in Paris, shops & bars are open Saturday and Sunday, you can enjoy your whole weekend! Metro lines 2 and 12. Direct Bus 30 and 54 from Gare du Nord and Gare de L'Est.  It an apartment where I used to leave for many years
31301	sweet studio, ideal for a couple or two friends in the 18th arrondisement. Walking distance to Sacre Coeur and bassin de Villette, 15 minutes by metro to the Louvre and the other museums. One room ( 25 qm ) with a balcony,an American  kitchen in a niche before you enter the main room with a dish washer, oven  and fridge.Everything has been remodelled in January 2015. The bathroom is brand new with a shower, washing machine, toilet and sink. Enough space for you to put your things. The walls have been painted and I put wooden flooring in. I have one big bed and one small bed in case you are two people and do not want to sleep in the same bed. You have a wardrobe where you can hang your dresses etc. You have a parking for your car in the building for free. The apartment is in a very well kept high-rise with 24 hour security in the 18th arondissement of Paris. It is on the 12th of 28 floors. The balcony is perfect for breakfast or aperitif. Nothing nicer when being in Paris than to watch 	sweet studio, ideal for a couple or two friends in the 18th arrondisement. Walking distance to Sacre Coeur and bassin de Villette, 15 minutes by metro to the Louvre and the other museums. One room ( 25 qm ) with a balcony,an American  kitchen in a niche before you enter the main room with a dish washer, oven  and fridge.Everything has been remodelled in January 2015. The bathroom is brand new with a shower, washing machine, toilet and sink. Enough space for you to put your things. The walls have been painted and I put wooden flooring in. I have one big bed and one small bed in case you are two people and do not want to sleep in the same bed. You have a wardrobe where you can hang your dresses etc. You have a parking for your car in the building for free. The apartment is in a very well kept high-rise with 24 hour security in the 18th arondissement of Paris. It is on the 12th of 28 floors. The balcony is perfect for breakfast or aperitif. Nothing nicer when being in Paris than to watch 
31302	calme et terrasse	    il s'agit d'un appartement dans un petit immeuble, avec cour,  à 10 minutes à pieds de montmartre : métro à 100 m  : pratique pour visiter tout paris - Très calme 3 chambres, 7 lits, 2 salles de bains, 2 wc et terrasse. calme et terrasse tout l'appartement et la terrasse metro à 100 m l'appartement doit etre rendu dans un etat correct sinon 50 euros peuvent etre retenu sur la caution
31303	À 10 minutes du sacre cœur à pieds, de Montmartre.  À 30 minutes en bus de la tout Eiffel. Juste à côté de la recyclerie avec sa grande terrasse le long des jardins réaménagés.	Chambre dans grand appartement (68 mètres carrés) au rez de chaussé. Appartement sur 3 étages, on rentre dans le salon, salle à manger, cuisine. Au dessus chambre du colocataire et salle de bain, en dessous du salon la chambre à louer. À 10 minutes du sacre cœur à pieds, de Montmartre.  À 30 minutes en bus de la tout Eiffel. Juste à côté de la recyclerie avec sa grande terrasse le long des jardins réaménagés. Salon / cuisine / salle de bain / toilettes / chambre Je ne serai pas la, mais mon colocataire Alexandre sera la quand il ne travaillera pas (le week end et le soir). Il est gentil très accueillant et très content d'avoir du monde à la maison. Il se fera une joie de vous aider. Métro ligne 4 porte de Clignancourt Métro ligne 12 Jules Joffrin 
31304		Dans le nord-est parisien, un joli deux pièces fait pour accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, bien équipé et surtout dans l'un des quartiers les plus visités de Paris ( proche du Sacré Cœur et les Puces de Clignancourt),toutes commodités à disposition.   
31305	A typical 3 rooms Parisian flat (592 ft²) with wooden floors and ceiling mouldings. This is our own apartment, which we spent 7 months renovating ourselves with a design edge. The flat can sleep up to 2 people in a very comfortable double bedroom. The entrance is a bright open plan kitchen with a bar. It is enjoyable to cook with and fully equipped (oven, blender, toaster, kettle...).  The living-room has a cosy area with a 3 people sofa, 2 seats, a coffee table and a library of which you will be able to enjoy art and design books, as well as science fiction novels. You can also listen to some of your own music by plugging in your smart phone. The dining part of the living room can seat 4 people around the small table with a mix of scandinavian and old church's chairs. The neighbourhood is safe, very friendly and well-known for its cosmopolitan and African vibe. It is lively in the hot summer evenings, yet everything quiets down at sunset. You are within a 15min walking distance from M	A lovely designer's apartment (592 ft²), 15 mins walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur, 2 mins from the metro station. Can accomodate up to 2 people in a double bedroom, with a fully equipped kitchen and cosy living room. A typical 3 rooms Parisian flat (592 ft²) with wooden floors and ceiling mouldings. This is our own apartment, which we spent 7 months renovating ourselves with a design edge. The flat can sleep up to 2 people in a very comfortable double bedroom. The entrance is a bright open plan kitchen with a bar. It is enjoyable to cook with and fully equipped (oven, blender, toaster, kettle...).  The living-room has a cosy area with a 3 people sofa, 2 seats, a coffee table and a library of which you will be able to enjoy art and design books, as well as science fiction novels. You can also listen to some of your own music by plugging in your smart phone. The dining part of the living room can seat 4 people around the small table with a mix of scandinavian and old church's cha
31306	Agréable appartement de deux pièces, dans un quartier populaire de Paris. Les lignes de métro 4 et 12 sont a moins de 5 minutes à pied. Le sacré cœur se trouve a 10 minutes de ballade.  Les voisins sont calmes et la rue aussi, on y dort bien!	Avec chambre, salon/cuisine et salle de bain, à 10 min du sacré cœur. métro 4 et 12. Propre, avec linge fourni. Je vis dans cet appartement, mais je ne serai pas avec vous pendant votre séjour! Par contre tout ce qui m'appartient y restera! Agréable appartement de deux pièces, dans un quartier populaire de Paris. Les lignes de métro 4 et 12 sont a moins de 5 minutes à pied. Le sacré cœur se trouve a 10 minutes de ballade.  Les voisins sont calmes et la rue aussi, on y dort bien! Arrêt de métro Marcadet poissonniers, par les ligne 4 et 12.
31307	Superbe Appartement de 62m2 avec balcon, très au calme !  C'est un appartement clair et agréable à vivre. Salon avec canapé lit 2 places, une chambre avec un lit 2 places, cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, balcon, WIFI, salle de sport privative. La résidence est neuve et sécurisée ( caméras et gardien ), elle se situe dans une petite rue pavée juste derrière la grande Place de Clichy, à 2mn à pied du Beau Moulin Rouge, de Pigalle et du quartier des Abbesses ! En grimpant quelques escaliers vous trouverez le majestueux Sacré Coeur et sa vue imprenable sur Paris ! C'est un quartier très vivant et très agréable ! Nous vous donnerons tous les adresses à ne pas rater !!!	Grand 2 Pièces de 62m2, à moins de 3mn à pied du Moulin Rouge et de la belle place des Abbesses. Appartement dans une résidence calme et sécurisée, parfait pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis ! Superbe Appartement de 62m2 avec balcon, très au calme !  C'est un appartement clair et agréable à vivre. Salon avec canapé lit 2 places, une chambre avec un lit 2 places, cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, balcon, WIFI, salle de sport privative. La résidence est neuve et sécurisée ( caméras et gardien ), elle se situe dans une petite rue pavée juste derrière la grande Place de Clichy, à 2mn à pied du Beau Moulin Rouge, de Pigalle et du quartier des Abbesses ! En grimpant quelques escaliers vous trouverez le majestueux Sacré Coeur et sa vue imprenable sur Paris ! C'est un quartier très vivant et très agréable ! Nous vous donnerons tous les adresses à ne pas rater !!! L'appartement comporte une salle de sport privative dont l'accès sera libre !  Nous n'av
31308	THE APPARTMENT : You could enjoy a charming and bright appartment located on the 6th floor (without elevator) near Montmartre (18th district). The building is situated in a yard which makes it very quiet. There is  one safety code at the front door. The appartment is completely furnished and equipped with : a living room with a fireplace on hard wooden floor, an opened kitchen equipped (microwave refrigerator, oven, 4 cooktops, washing machine with dryer) with floor-tiles on the ground, a big bedroom with hard wooden floor, a mezzanine with a desk and a double bed, and a bathroom with WC (with a hairdryer). There is wireless internet with high speed with access codes (bring your own laptop computer or your iPhone) and the TV with Free. Cordless phone with free and unlimited calls towards numerous destinations on the fixed numbers (free phone calls in 70 countries)  Sheets and bath towels are supplied. THE AREA : You can visit the area of Montmartre with the famous Sacré Coeur, and its 	THE APPARTMENT : You could enjoy a charming and bright appartment located on the 6th floor (without elevator) near Montmartre (18th district). The building is situated in a yard which makes it very quiet. There is  one safety code at the front door. The appartment is completely furnished and equipped with : a living room with a fireplace on hard wooden floor, an opened kitchen equipped (microwave refrigerator, oven, 4 cooktops, washing machine with dryer) with floor-tiles on the ground, a big bedroom with hard wooden floor, a mezzanine with a desk and a double bed, and a bathroom with WC (with a hairdryer). There is wireless internet with high speed with access codes (bring your own laptop computer or your iPhone) and the TV with Free. Cordless phone with free and unlimited calls towards numerous destinations on the fixed numbers (free phone calls in 70 countries)  Sheets and bath towels are supplied. THE AREA : You can visit the area of Montmartre with the famous Sacré Coeur, and its 
31309	Cosy flat of 46m2, decorated with care, with a private room, a fully equipped kitchen. First Floor, located above a quiet pedestrian street. Free (website hidden). Washing machine. Ideal for Lovers. Here you'll find all the comfort you need, located in the heart of the famous and beautiful Montmartre district, the romantic and artistic Paris...  Here you will discover Montmartre and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a typical atmosphere, with several parisian style cafés, french bakery, fine wine cellar, famous restaurants and fashion boutiques. You will also discover the romantic atmosphere of this old and artistic district of Paris, and visit the famous “Place du Tertre”, “Sacré Coeur”, “Moulin Rouge”…  It would be with pleasure I'll provide you my good addresses, typical bars and hidden places in Montmartre...  Sarah Surface area: 46 m2  First floor located above a quiet pedestrian street The flat consists of:  A living room with a soda bed 2 p	Lovely flat, decorated with care, with a private room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a cozy lounge... Here you'll find all the comfort you need, located in the heart of the beautiful and romantic Paris in Montmartre! Cosy flat of 46m2, decorated with care, with a private room, a fully equipped kitchen. First Floor, located above a quiet pedestrian street. Free (website hidden). Washing machine. Ideal for Lovers. Here you'll find all the comfort you need, located in the heart of the famous and beautiful Montmartre district, the romantic and artistic Paris...  Here you will discover Montmartre and experience the feeling of being part of a small village within the city, a typical atmosphere, with several parisian style cafés, french bakery, fine wine cellar, famous restaurants and fashion boutiques. You will also discover the romantic atmosphere of this old and artistic district of Paris, and visit the famous “Place du Tertre”, “Sacré Coeur”, “Moulin Rouge”…  It would be with pleasure I'l
31310		Deux-pièces typiquement Parisien ! Situé au cœur de Montmartre, dans une rue calme, à deux pas du Sacré-Coeur, de la place du Tertre, des commerces et de 3 lignes de métro (4, 2 et 12). Venez profiter de son charme exceptionnel. Pour 6 personnes.
31311	Nice 2 rooms appartment of 33 m square Double bedroom with double bed Living room with large corner sofa bed and armchairs Tv and wifi Separated kitchen equiped (coffee,  breakfast and minimum will be there for you to cook) Bathroom with bath Washing machine	Fonctional and fully (website hidden), Wifi.  Lively parisian district bars, restaurants, shops, markets, touristic sites. Montmartre, Sacré coeur, Puces de clignancourt, Market rue du poteau, trendy  open bar Ground Countrol Berlin style Very easy access Nice 2 rooms appartment of 33 m square Double bedroom with double bed Living room with large corner sofa bed and armchairs Tv and wifi Separated kitchen equiped (coffee,  breakfast and minimum will be there for you to cook) Bathroom with bath Washing machine Links from airport / train station: RATP (metro and RER) Metro Ligne 12 Jules Joffrin Metro Ligne 4 Simplon Gare du nord: 10 min Pigalle: 15 min Opera, Musée du louvre, Tour Eiffel 20-30 min I will be happy to give you information and tips on Paris, places to go and see and any other information. Lively cosmopolitan district. At the bottom of Montmatre Sacré Coeur, next to the Puces de Clignancourt (antiques, market), and near the new trendy outdoor bar Ground Countrol, set on rai
31312	Situation idéale en plein coeur de Montmartre, immeuble calme, grand studio très bien agencé.	Charmant studio refait à neuf, propre, et lumineux offrant tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour parisien : cuisine équipée, lit double, canapé-lit, salle de bain, lave linge ... et tout ça en plein coeur de Montmartre : rue Lepic ! Situation idéale en plein coeur de Montmartre, immeuble calme, grand studio très bien agencé. Le quartier mythique de Montmartre n'est plus à présenter ! Il vous offre un Paris typique, pittoresque, et tous les commerces, bars et restaurants dont vous aurez besoin ! L'appartement est très bien desservi par les lignes 2 et 12 de métro et de nombreux bus.
31313		Charmant 2 pièces situé au pied de la butte Montmartre. Une chambre avec un lit double, salle de bain cuisine équipe, lave linge, wifi et cour intérieure. Le quartier est très commerçants,  BUS, métro à proximité (ligne 4 et 12) Idéal couple Metro ligne 12 et 4 Marché, commercants, bar
31314	nice flat for 2 or 3 people perfect for small family internet access 	"2 rooms quiet flat 2nd floor next to montmatre 10 mn by foot frige washing machine internet access, kitchenware 3 persons, vacuum cleaner, 1 bed 2 persons, 1 couch 2 persons  nice flat for 2 or 3 people perfect for small family internet access you have the whole flat for you nice multi cultural area with markets and restaurants nice cafe behind the church 10mn walk from sacre coeur direct access to center with line 4 Metro la chapelle line 2 barbes line 2 and 4 Bus 302 from gare du nord bus stop :""saint bruno"""
31315	Apartment of 61 m2 located on the ground floor in a very quiet backyard , it can accommodate up to 4 people (one bedroom and a sofa in the living room) and a cot can be installed without problem in the third room . It is composed with: - A large open kitchen very functional - A living room with TV, WiFi and sofa bed 2 places . - A room with bed 2 places + dressing - A bathroom with walk-in shower - Separate toilet	Charming apartment Loft Style - 3 rooms. 10 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur and 15 minutes from Pigalle, in a friendly neighborhood : bars, restaurants and shops nearby. Sit back, relax and enjoy your stay :) ! Apartment of 61 m2 located on the ground floor in a very quiet backyard , it can accommodate up to 4 people (one bedroom and a sofa in the living room) and a cot can be installed without problem in the third room . It is composed with: - A large open kitchen very functional - A living room with TV, WiFi and sofa bed 2 places . - A room with bed 2 places + dressing - A bathroom with walk-in shower - Separate toilet All necessary equipment for your stay : washing machine, dishwasher, gas hob , oven, microwave, coffee maker , kettle, Nespresso ... Towels and sheets are available during your trip Paris Guides available + welcome gift ! We are at your disposal by mail and telephone during your stay ! Close to Montmartre !! Montmartre is a district with a genuine charm , f
31316	Spacious double room in an apartment located in Montmartre. The location is very close to the Sacred Heart and also the Louvre , Champs Elysee (less than 10 minutes by subway). Restaurants, pubs, cinemas and famous stores reachable within 10 minutes by metro / bus and 20min walking.	Apartment located at 100 meters from the metro (line 2 and 13) , 200m from the Moulin Rouge! The Louvre is at 10min by bus and the Eiffel Tower at 20min. Shops, bars and restaurants nearby. Kitchen and washing machine available . Towels are provided Spacious double room in an apartment located in Montmartre. The location is very close to the Sacred Heart and also the Louvre , Champs Elysee (less than 10 minutes by subway). Restaurants, pubs, cinemas and famous stores reachable within 10 minutes by metro / bus and 20min walking. Access to the kitchen and bathroom . If necessary hairdryer and iron are available. We are living in this apartment and will be present during your stay. We are at your disposal for any information on site Apartment available in 1 hour from the airports . On site, the Place de Clichy ( foot 1min ) gives access to lines 2 and 13 . Many bus lines to easily reach the main monuments of Paris.
31317		"Bel appartement lumineux et très chaleureux de style haussmanien (80m2). Toutes commodités à proximité (50 mètres) : métro, bus, locations vélo ""Vélib"", poste, banque, commerces... Chambre lit 2 places, cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle); salle de bain; WC indépendants; salon équipé canapé vrai lit 2 places, hifi, TV, Internet"
31318	Nice 38 m2 flat on the 6th floor with elevator of a really nice old building. Beautifull view on Sacré Cœur church from the flat. Really securised building with 2 codes and a guardian. Parquet au sol, cheminée active. Parquet on the floor, and cheminee. Really closed from a pedestrian street with nice shop. Also really closed to Butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur Church, Pigalle's area... Underground and bus below the building	Really Nice 38m2 flat on the 6th floor, in a really beautifull old but really securised building with elevator, and view on Sacré Coeur & Butte Montmartre. Parquet floor, wifi, TV, washing machine, microwave, oven, fridge, big bed. Nice 38 m2 flat on the 6th floor with elevator of a really nice old building. Beautifull view on Sacré Cœur church from the flat. Really securised building with 2 codes and a guardian. Parquet au sol, cheminée active. Parquet on the floor, and cheminee. Really closed from a pedestrian street with nice shop. Also really closed to Butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur Church, Pigalle's area... Underground and bus below the building TV Satellite WIFI Washing Machine Bathtube Microwave Oven Dressing We rent our flat to finance our own holidays Nice neightborhood with pedestrians street and nice little shops, typical restaurants and bars. 2 min by foot from buses and metro. Below Butte Montmartre 10 min by foot Sacré Coeur 10min from flea market metro Jules Joffrin Metro 
31319	Grand lit double (type épais futon sur sommier) dans la chambre et une méridienne dans le salon (on y dort très bien et il y a des couvertures d'appoint).  Coin cuisine avec bar, micro-ondes, bouilloire, toaster, plaques céramiques, frigo top.... C'est mon chez moi, en somme :)	Confortable 2 pièces lumineux, vue sur le sacré cœur. Style haussmannien  (parquet, cheminée de marbre...). Proche de commerces, transports, à 10 minutes a pied de Pigalle pour les noctambules, mais situé au pied des escaliers de Montmartre. Grand lit double (type épais futon sur sommier) dans la chambre et une méridienne dans le salon (on y dort très bien et il y a des couvertures d'appoint).  Coin cuisine avec bar, micro-ondes, bouilloire, toaster, plaques céramiques, frigo top.... C'est mon chez moi, en somme :) Je loue mon appartement entier durant mes propres vacances. Je ne fume pas dans l'appartement, mais les fumeurs ne me dérangent pas. Je suis disponible par mail ou par téléphone. Un ami sera présent en cas d'urgence durant mon absence. Le 18eme est un quartier unique à Paris ! Village dans la capitale, il est à la fois touristique et populaire, calme et animée, cosmopolite... On y mange très bien, quelque soit l’épaisseur de son portefeuille. La plupart des commerces sont ou
31320	Je vous propose un  très joli 2 pièces de 38 m2 en plein coeur des Abbesses/Montmartre. Il est exposé plein sud  (double exposition) et jouit d'une vue incroyable sur paris et sa Tour Eiffel et d'une situation parfaite dans ce quartier si agréable et magique de Montmartre. Par rapport aux photos la disposition des meubles a changé mais c'est toujours le même petit cocon aussi cosy.. C'est un appartement artistique décoré selon mes gouts et qui me ressemble...il y fait vraiment bon vivre...et vous ne voudrez plus en repartir... Une chambre et un salon de taille quasi égale et équipés d'un Tv/dvd, du free wifi..et un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 1ou2 personnes au cas ou...mais c'est idéalement un appartement pour 2. Une cuisine équipé avec four et micro-ondes,congélateur frigo.. Une salle de douche et WC séparés et une entrée. 4 étage sans ascenseur. Le quartier est plein de petits restaurants plus sympas les uns que les autres, de café de boutiques en tout genre... A 15min a pied de l'	YOU WANT TO ENJOY PARIS AS A REAL PARISIAN,IN A CHARMING APPARTMENT...THAT'S THE PLACE TO BE...YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT...!!!!! Je vous propose un  très joli 2 pièces de 38 m2 en plein coeur des Abbesses/Montmartre. Il est exposé plein sud  (double exposition) et jouit d'une vue incroyable sur paris et sa Tour Eiffel et d'une situation parfaite dans ce quartier si agréable et magique de Montmartre. Par rapport aux photos la disposition des meubles a changé mais c'est toujours le même petit cocon aussi cosy.. C'est un appartement artistique décoré selon mes gouts et qui me ressemble...il y fait vraiment bon vivre...et vous ne voudrez plus en repartir... Une chambre et un salon de taille quasi égale et équipés d'un Tv/dvd, du free wifi..et un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 1ou2 personnes au cas ou...mais c'est idéalement un appartement pour 2. Une cuisine équipé avec four et micro-ondes,congélateur frigo.. Une salle de douche et WC séparés et une entrée. 4 étage sans ascenseur. Le quartie
31321	"If you want to book more than 3 nights, please go to the second ad. Very beautiful 592 square feet apartment in the ""18eme arrondissement"" - 6th floor (no lift), noize free - 1 bedroom with a king size bed, a couch for 1 person in the living room - Very well equiped kitchen - Big bathroom with a bathtub - Wide screen plasma tv - Free Wifi - Washing machine - Sheets and towels at your disposal 5 min walk from the subway station (12) and the Olive market (open everyday except monday).  10 mins with the subway or 25 mins walk  from Montmartre (Abbesses, Sacré Coeur...) and it's restaurants and bars... 20 mins (subway) from Paris heart. Bus and Vélib right in front of the building The bus line 65 will get you to and from Gare du nord, Gare de l'Est and gare de Lyon. It will also get you to République and Bastille."	"If you want to book more than 3 nights, please go to the second ad. Very beautiful 592 square feet apartment in the ""18eme arrondissement"" - 6th floor (no lift), noize free - 1 bedroom with a king size bed, a couch for 1 person in the living room - Very well equiped kitchen - Big bathroom with a bathtub - Wide screen plasma tv - Free Wifi - Washing machine - Sheets and towels at your disposal 5 min walk from the subway station (12) and the Olive market (open everyday except monday).  10 mins with the subway or 25 mins walk  from Montmartre (Abbesses, Sacré Coeur...) and it's restaurants and bars... 20 mins (subway) from Paris heart. Bus and Vélib right in front of the building The bus line 65 will get you to and from Gare du nord, Gare de l'Est and gare de Lyon. It will also get you to République and Bastille."
31322		My newly renovated, very bright apartment (26m2) is located in an area with trendy bars, parks and the famous marché d'olives.  Fully-equipped kitchen+washing machine 1-3 people: a bed that fits 2 + an air mattress for 1. Ideal for 2 not 3. The apartment is located next to the market marché d'olives which is surrounded by a lively neighborhood with trendy bars and cafés.  At marché d'olives you'll find delicious and fine food products from all over the world.  In the area you also have the famous cafés and bars such as: Les Petites gouttes, Bob's Bake Shop, En Vrac, Café Lomi, Chez Arsène, Les Routiers, etc. The apartment is close to Montmartre and Sacre Coeur. You can either walk there or take the metro a few stops to Abbesses. You can also reach the amazing market Puce de Clignancourt in approximately 10 minutes! Metro station (3 min walking): Marx Dormoy (line 12) - which takes you to the center center of Paris quickly.  Buses 35, 60 and 65 (1 min walking from the apartment)
31323		Vous êtes de passage à Paris, vous souhaitez poser vos valises dans un quartier en plein changement et rencontrer des personnes avec qui vous pourrez partager des moments de vies ...  N'hésitez plus, cet appartement est fais pour vous. métro à 2 min, tout en étant dans une rue piétonne, rien de mieux
31324	Description Located on the ground floor courtyard of a building at 21 rue Damrémont. This apartment consists of approximately 30m2 living room (with sofa bed), open plan kitchen (dishwasher, 4 ring, washer, dryer), 1 bedroom (with double bed 160) and a shower room (shower and toilet). It can accommodate up to 3 people for a short period (less than one month) if 2 persons Transports Metro:  Abesses: Line 12 White Line 7 Lamarck Caulaincourt Line 12 Neighborhood:  This area is one of the most picturesque districts of Paris Montmartre and its environs are among the most contrasting places in Paris: the crowd of the Sacred Heart and the Place du Tertre crosses regulars terraces of the Place des Abbesses, the Marché Saint-Pierre and boulevards of the lower mound, all under the impassive eye Moulin de la Galette. This is the Paris of artists, free thinkers, and lovers of sleepless nights There are food shops and many souvenir shops and restaurants that have kept the spirit of Paris. Rue Lepi	Description Located on the ground floor courtyard of a building at 21 rue Damrémont. This apartment consists of approximately 30m2 living room (with sofa bed), open plan kitchen (dishwasher, 4 ring, washer, dryer), 1 bedroom (with double bed 160) and a shower room (shower and toilet). It can accommodate up to 3 people for a short period (less than one month) if 2 persons Transports Metro:  Abesses: Line 12 White Line 7 Lamarck Caulaincourt Line 12 Neighborhood:  This area is one of the most picturesque districts of Paris Montmartre and its environs are among the most contrasting places in Paris: the crowd of the Sacred Heart and the Place du Tertre crosses regulars terraces of the Place des Abbesses, the Marché Saint-Pierre and boulevards of the lower mound, all under the impassive eye Moulin de la Galette. This is the Paris of artists, free thinkers, and lovers of sleepless nights There are food shops and many souvenir shops and restaurants that have kept the spirit of Paris. Rue Lepi
31325	close to Montmartre you will access to the living room and use both internet and TV.  Big Sofa for 2 people maximum. 	In a 2 bedroom appartment, you will enjoy the sofa. My appartment is in a quiet place between 17th-18th district, 10 mn walk from Montmartre.  I will be happy to help you find your ways! Place is 2 mns from metro station and bus. close to Montmartre you will access to the living room and use both internet and TV.  Big Sofa for 2 people maximum. Guest have, in addition to the living room, access to the bathroom and kitchen in the apartment. - Bed room: 13 m²  + separate bathroom - Shopping & restaurants within 2-5 min walk - WLAN is available, please ask for the code help and guide to Paris! quiet and close to center Paris Bus 31, Line 13 2 mns walk
31326	Sacré-Coeur, one of the most picturesque and touristy areas of Paris. The Sacré-Coeur dominates Montmartre in all its splendor. The unmissable Butte Montmartre is home to the Sacré-Coeur and offers tourists a journey into a buzzing Paris. Shows are still held there. Thanks to its perfect exposure and the light available, Montmartre attracted many artists, such as Cézanne, Wlaminck, Renoir, Degas, Braque, and Picasso, to mention but a few. Mine apartment is located right next to the Sacré Cœur (500 m) , right in the heart of MONTMARTRE and at a short step from LES PUCES DE SAINT OUEN (famous huge flee market)  the small train which goes around Montmartre has a stop near by the apartment.  The apartment is very illuminated and spacious and is located on the 1st floor of a 19th century building. The building is equipped security code. It has a calm view onto the streets of Montmartre, and from the living room you can be delected with the view of the butte of Sacre Coeur. This apartment wi	Sacré-Coeur, one of the most picturesque and touristy areas of Paris. The Sacré-Coeur dominates Montmartre in all its splendor. The unmissable Butte Montmartre is home to the Sacré-Coeur and offers tourists a journey into a buzzing Paris. Shows are still held there. Thanks to its perfect exposure and the light available, Montmartre attracted many artists, such as Cézanne, Wlaminck, Renoir, Degas, Braque, and Picasso, to mention but a few. Mine apartment is located right next to the Sacré Cœur (500 m) , right in the heart of MONTMARTRE and at a short step from LES PUCES DE SAINT OUEN (famous huge flee market)  the small train which goes around Montmartre has a stop near by the apartment.  The apartment is very illuminated and spacious and is located on the 1st floor of a 19th century building. The building is equipped security code. It has a calm view onto the streets of Montmartre, and from the living room you can be delected with the view of the butte of Sacre Coeur. This apartment wi
31327	5 and last floor without lift Third person on air mattress  concierge to receivre and left flat keys Wifi-Nesspresso - wash-machine- microware, electriqc owen , fridge +frozen part ... NO TV !... Suway station : Marx Dormoy L12 Ligne Bus 65  Vélib (city-bicycle)	"Close to Montmartre - easy transport by subway  (L12-L5) and bus (65) -  5 and last floor without lift Third person on air mattress  concierge to receivre and left flat keys Wifi-Nesspresso - wash-machine- microware, electriqc owen , fridge +frozen part ... NO TV !... Suway station : Marx Dormoy L12 Ligne Bus 65  Vélib (city-bicycle) Possible to use tea for free, nespresso 5 caps free after it's 4,5€ for 10 caps free to use condiment you find only by mail, or viber..... Popular area and safe Typical market hall (food) attractive cellar (wine and food) Pharmacy-Bank- Mini supermarket-Bakery closed to Montmartre 10' by walk to "" Gare du Nord""  railway to Charles-de-Gaulle airport Banque postale et Bred dans la rue Pharmacie, monoprix, boulangerie....marché couvert "
31328	30 square meter flat, on 5th floor (no lift). 1 bedroom with nice bed and 1 convertible sofa if needed. You will find it nice and very quiet.	The flat is 15 minutes walk form Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur & Puce St Ouen. Ideally located on line 4 (10 min from Gare du Nord). Typical building, very calm. The interior is very cosy & design, with a bedroom and reversible sofa. Popular neighborhood. 30 square meter flat, on 5th floor (no lift). 1 bedroom with nice bed and 1 convertible sofa if needed. You will find it nice and very quiet. Full access. Possible by mail. This is a living, popular neighborhood, very close to Montmartre (15 minutes walk). It's a very nice place to live. On the exit Simplon (North of line 4) and close to line 12 (Jules Joffrin). The city is at your feet, enjoy! The flat is calm and nicely arrange. There is enought hot water for 2, if needed you can turn on the water heaters during the day.
31329	Historically listed building in Paris	Newly redecorated in 2014, our charming and comfortable 2 rooms welcomes you, for 1-4 persons. Experience the heart of the old Paris in the Abbesses area with his famous cafes and restaurants, 3 mn walk from the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré-Cœur! Historically listed building in Paris The whole appartment is yours!
31330	A disposition, internet, imprimante, telephone vers fixe international ( liste de pays sur demande! ) machine a laver, cuisine équipée et bien entendu toute les info sur le quartier et tous nos bons plans parisiens	Appartement très confortable et lumineux, pour un couple plus 1 voir 2 enfants, ou un troisième adulte situé tout près de Montmartre et à deux pas du métro avec cuisine séparée, salle de bain et tout l'équipement pour un bébé.. A disposition, internet, imprimante, telephone vers fixe international ( liste de pays sur demande! ) machine a laver, cuisine équipée et bien entendu toute les info sur le quartier et tous nos bons plans parisiens logement entier Je reste à votre disposition pour toute question/problème pendant la durée de votre séjour par téléphone ou e-mail. Quartier très vivants de Paris avec beaucoup de commerces africains, à 5 minutes de la butte Montmartre. Cela rend l'endroit particulièrement atypique grâce à ces 2 côtés très différents. Quartier très sécuritaire aujourd'hui, avec très bonne boulangerie, multiple boutiques de petits créateurs et marché tous les jours le métro se trouve à 2 minutes à pied de l'entrée de l'immeuble, bus et station vélib'à moins de 5 minute
31331	Charming, decorated with taste, perfect for lovers. The space : 1 room, 1 bathroom with a big shower, 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 toilet, 1 small entrance.  Total surface : 36sqm  Reasons to love our flat :  ~ There is a piano for players.  ~ There are windows in every room for dreamers. Windows are over court and not street, which makes our flat very quiet even though the neighborhood is very animated  ~ There are many books on the living room for readers, even in English and Spanish. (Please do not take them with you at the end of your journey. Respect our property).  ~ There is a fully furnished kitchen for cookers as us.  ~ There is the smell of the bakery every morning when you open the windows 	"Charming flat located in a very trendy/""bobo"" area at 5-7min by walk from Montmartre/sacré coeur/Moulin Rouge.  Our neighbor is Delmontel bakery: its baguette has been promoted best baguette in France.  The neighborhood counts trendy restaurants, cheese&wine shops, pastry&tea shops.  Charming, decorated with taste, perfect for lovers. The space : 1 room, 1 bathroom with a big shower, 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 toilet, 1 small entrance.  Total surface : 36sqm  Reasons to love our flat :  ~ There is a piano for players.  ~ There are windows in every room for dreamers. Windows are over court and not street, which makes our flat very quiet even though the neighborhood is very animated  ~ There are many books on the living room for readers, even in English and Spanish. (Please do not take them with you at the end of your journey. Respect our property).  ~ There is a fully furnished kitchen for cookers as us.  ~ There is the smell of the bakery every morning when you open the windows  Our g"
31332	Une vue magnifique sur tout le Nord de Paris.	Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt, aux pieds de Montmartre, à quelques escaliers des vignes, loue chambre dans appartement calme donnant sur parc. Salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine équipée, toilettes séparées, vue magnifique sur le Nord de Paris. Une vue magnifique sur tout le Nord de Paris. Cuisine, salle de bains, toilettes Plan de métro à disposition et bien sur informations utiles sur les bons endroits pour bruncher, se promener et flaner dans Paris Montmartre est le plus beau quartier de Paris, la Basilique du Sacré Coeur est à 2 mn à pieds, le quartier des Abbesses juste à côté et cette partie du 18ème offre de nombreux restaurant et cafés pour déjeuner et diner. Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt sur la ligne 12 Draps à disposition
31333	"This is a very comfortable, sweet little (10 m2!) typical parisean studio apartment located literally 15 meters away from the ""Funiculaire de Montmartre"". The closest metro stations are ""Abbesses"" (line 12) or ""Anvers"" (line 2). You will need about one minute to climb up to the famous Sacré Coeur. The place is on the fifth store (no lift!) and you can see the sky from the big window. (Double glazing, so it's quiet, too). The studio apartment is fully equipped with tv, dvd, radio, cd, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, fridge and hotplates, mini-oven, internet wifi. There's a tiny bathroom with a shower and toilet. You dispose of a single bed (real bed!), a closet, a table with three chairs, and dishes etc. On demand, I can provide you with towels & sheets. I'm very attached to the little place which I have decorated with love. It's of classy yet youthful style with art prints and lots of light! I like to meet interesting nice people through the renting and try to make your arrival and st"	"Small and sweet parisian appartment with all you need. One minute walking to famous Sacré Cœur, less than five minutes to metro stations, this safe and adorable little place fits for tourism as well as work- or study related stays. BIENVENUS! This is a very comfortable, sweet little (10 m2!) typical parisean studio apartment located literally 15 meters away from the ""Funiculaire de Montmartre"". The closest metro stations are ""Abbesses"" (line 12) or ""Anvers"" (line 2). You will need about one minute to climb up to the famous Sacré Coeur. The place is on the fifth store (no lift!) and you can see the sky from the big window. (Double glazing, so it's quiet, too). The studio apartment is fully equipped with tv, dvd, radio, cd, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, fridge and hotplates, mini-oven, internet wifi. There's a tiny bathroom with a shower and toilet. You dispose of a single bed (real bed!), a closet, a table with three chairs, and dishes etc. On demand, I can provide you with towels & "
31334	Located on the 5th floor with an elevator, you will enjoy a very quiet and bright Hausmanien flat. There is a large bedroom with 2 wardrobes, large and new bed (160X200cm). The living room offers an area of 30 square meters. Toilets are seperated, bathroom with bathtube and laundry machine. Kitchen fully equipped (oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, dishwasher etc.)	True Parisian appartment of 54 sq meters (560 sqft), with moldings and authentic wooden floor. Located in the heart of Montmarte, you will find all shops and will enjoy all the local  restaurants. The flat overlooks a very quiet inner courtyard. Located on the 5th floor with an elevator, you will enjoy a very quiet and bright Hausmanien flat. There is a large bedroom with 2 wardrobes, large and new bed (160X200cm). The living room offers an area of 30 square meters. Toilets are seperated, bathroom with bathtube and laundry machine. Kitchen fully equipped (oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, dishwasher etc.) Our guest will experience the entire flat. Please send me an email for any further asssitance you may need. I am very responsive. As I currently live in London, a professional company will give you the keys. The flat is fully cleaned by this professional company each time. Montmartre is probably one of the most exclusive and truly anthentic neighborhood in Paris. 7 min walk from Sacre
31335	Charmant T4 60 mètres. Très ensoleillé avec un balcon où se trouvent un hamac et une petite table.	2 Chambres dans une colocation à Marcadet poissoniers à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre.  L'appartement est composé de trois chambres, une cuisine, sdb et wc séparés et d'un très joli balcon de 25mètres linéaires orienté plein sud au 5ème étage. Charmant T4 60 mètres. Très ensoleillé avec un balcon où se trouvent un hamac et une petite table. Tout l'appartement sauf la dernière chambre qui reste occupée. Une de nous sera là pour vous accueillir et occupera la dernière chambre (celle qui n'est pas en photo). C'est un quartier très agréable et animé. Métro ligne 4 à 15 minutes de Chatelet. Arret Marcadet Poissonniers. Metro ligne 12 arret Jules Joffrin Les deux chambres louées communiquent entre elles mais restent totalement indépendantes du reste de l'appartement. Chacune a un lit double 160. Toutes deux ont un accès sur le balcon. 
31336	Recently renovated duple with a mezzanine, the apartment is ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, only 50 feet away from the funicular that takes you up to the Sacré Coeur.  The apartment is not on the street and the windows are double-glazed so you won't need to worry about the noise.	The duplex, with mezzanine, is located in the heart of the Montmartre area literally 50 feet away from the funicular to the Sacrée Couer.  With approximately 40 square meters of space, the apartment is spacious for Parisian standards Recently renovated duple with a mezzanine, the apartment is ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, only 50 feet away from the funicular that takes you up to the Sacré Coeur.  The apartment is not on the street and the windows are double-glazed so you won't need to worry about the noise. Free wifi Guests can also wash their clothes without a problem and use the kitchen as they please. Known as the premier enclave for artists, Montmartre is home to the Sacré Couer church. The view from the church gives you a spectacular view of Paris but the neighborhood isn't just known for its church. Montmartre has a wonderful charm with its cobblestone streets and petit bistros/boutiques that really make this neighborhood very lively. Metro line 2 at Anvers and line
31337		2 pièces à 15min à pied du Sacré cœur (Montmartre) et du marché des antiquaires. 2 lignes de métro et 4 lignes de bus à 2min à pied : l'emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris.
31338		Loue Grand Studio de 32m² avec cuisine et salle de bains séparée.Situé prés de Montmartre, des Puces et du marché de Saint-Ouen ! 
31339	"Beautiful 60m2 apartment on the 6th floor. Near the subway ""Marcadet Poissonniers"", 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from central Paris. Subways: Marcadet Poissonniers (lines 4 and 12), Jules Joffrin (line 12). Bus: (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus. Completely renovated and Equipped: TV, Internet WIFI. Very nice, all comforts ... A room with a double bed (160x200), A little child's room with a single bed. A large living room with sofa bed (140x200). The IS Equipped kitchen (fridge, washing machine, oven, induction table, Nespresso coffee maker ...). Bright apartment on the sixth floor. Near the metro Marcadet Poissonniers, 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from the center of Paris. Subways nearby: Marcadet, Jules Joffrin. Bus: (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus. Completely renovated and equipped, very nice, all (website hidden), internet WIFI. A room with a double bed (160x200), a small child's room with single bed. A large livin"	"Beautiful 60m2 apartment on the 6th floor. Near the subway ""Marcadet Poissonniers"", 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from central Paris. Subways: Marcadet Poissonniers (lines 4 and 12), Jules Joffrin (line 12). Bus: (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus. Completely renovated and Equipped: TV, Internet WIFI. Very nice, all comforts ... A room with a double bed (160x200), A little child's room with a single bed. A large living room with sofa bed (140x200). The IS Equipped kitchen (fridge, washing machine, oven, induction table, Nespresso coffee maker ...). Bright apartment on the sixth floor. Near the metro Marcadet Poissonniers, 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from the center of Paris. Subways nearby: Marcadet, Jules Joffrin. Bus: (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus. Completely renovated and equipped, very nice, all (website hidden), internet WIFI. A room with a double bed (160x200), a small child's room with single bed. A large livin"
31340	calme et terrasse sur le toit	 il s'agit d'un triplex dans un petit immeuble au dernier étage (1-2-3 étages) dans le 18 ème ,  Montmartre à 10 minutes à pieds, Metro à 100 m : pratique pour visiter tout paris. Très calme 3 chambres, 2 salle de bains, terrasse sur le toit calme et terrasse sur le toit tout l'appartement, minimum 2 nuits (tarif spécial pour 1 nuit) impasse très calme...métro juste à coté...et à 10-15 minutes à pieds de montmartre + puces metro ligne 4 porte de clignancourt : sortie rue letort.  ou ligne 12 jules joffrin Et, je vous informe que : -si votre arrivée est après 21 h ou un jour férié (samedi et dimanche) vous devrez payer 50 euros. -si votre départ est entre minuit et 8 heures du matin ou un jour férié (samedi, dimanche): vous devrez payer 50 euros. Je vous informe que l'appartement doit être rendu dans un état correct : la vaisselle doit être lavée et rangée, les poubelles vidées et un minimum de ménage...sinon 50 euros pourront vous être demandé par Me Attou. 
31341	Un charmant petit nid douillet composé d'une chambre, un coin repas, un coin salon, une cuisine américaine et une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Situé au pied du sacré coeur, il vous offrira la possibilité en seulement quelques minutes de marche de découvrir le quartier historique de la butte Montmartre. Du sacré coeur jusqu'au moulin rouge vous découvrirez le quartier des Abbesses avec ses petites rues commerçantes et ses nombreux bistrots typiquement parisiens, la place des Abbesses avec ses cafés, son église, la rue des Abbesses avec ses boulangeries parmi les meilleures de paris, la rue Lepic avec son marché permanent et le désormais célèbre café d'Amélie Poulain !!! La place Blanche vous dévoilera son moulin, LE moulin rouge que des milliers de touristes photographient tous les jours... 20 petites minutes de marche supplémentaires vous emmèneront flâner dans les allées des grands magasins parisiens, admirer la fabuleuse façade de l'opéra de paris... Vous serez ravis de re	Un charmant petit nid douillet composé d'une chambre, un coin repas, un coin salon, une cuisine américaine et une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Situé au pied du sacré coeur, il vous offrira la possibilité en seulement quelques minutes de marche de découvrir le quartier historique de la butte Montmartre. Du sacré coeur jusqu'au moulin rouge vous découvrirez le quartier des Abbesses avec ses petites rues commerçantes et ses nombreux bistrots typiquement parisiens, la place des Abbesses avec ses cafés, son église, la rue des Abbesses avec ses boulangeries parmi les meilleures de paris, la rue Lepic avec son marché permanent et le désormais célèbre café d'Amélie Poulain !!! La place Blanche vous dévoilera son moulin, LE moulin rouge que des milliers de touristes photographient tous les jours... 20 petites minutes de marche supplémentaires vous emmèneront flâner dans les allées des grands magasins parisiens, admirer la fabuleuse façade de l'opéra de paris... Vous serez ravis de re
31342	Your perfect stay in Paris Montmartre. A big studio is ENTIRELY available for you.  The apt is really bright, cosy and quiet. It has fully renovated a few months ago. Great view on Paris and the Sacré-Coeur !  The sofa bed is new and comfortable. After a long day of walking and sightseeing in Paris, you will be more than happy to sleep in this bed :-) This apartment is the perfect place for 2 travelers in Paris, for a week-end or a month. It offers:  - 1 double sofa bed  - Fresh sheets and towels  - Shower  - Hairdryer - Fully Kitchen (hob, micro-waves, fridge...)  - Washing machine - Hifi system (CD / Iphone Dock / USB) - TV : Flat screen  - WIFI Internet - 5th floor with elevator  - Building access via a security code Gare du Nord is at 10mn with Metro 4 (Eurostar + RER B train to CDG Airport). One last thing... According to my guest I'm a cool host and I'll be happy to help you to enjoy Paris! What are you waiting for? This wonderful studio is the perfect place for you!	Your perfect stay for Xmas and NYE Entirely for you: a spacious, bright and cosy Studio near Montmartre (Sacre-Coeur) Fully Renovated in 2014. At 2mn from metro «SIMPLON» Great location, safe and convenient to visit Paris..and live as a parisian;) Your perfect stay in Paris Montmartre. A big studio is ENTIRELY available for you.  The apt is really bright, cosy and quiet. It has fully renovated a few months ago. Great view on Paris and the Sacré-Coeur !  The sofa bed is new and comfortable. After a long day of walking and sightseeing in Paris, you will be more than happy to sleep in this bed :-) This apartment is the perfect place for 2 travelers in Paris, for a week-end or a month. It offers:  - 1 double sofa bed  - Fresh sheets and towels  - Shower  - Hairdryer - Fully Kitchen (hob, micro-waves, fridge...)  - Washing machine - Hifi system (CD / Iphone Dock / USB) - TV : Flat screen  - WIFI Internet - 5th floor with elevator  - Building access via a security code Gare du Nord is at 10m
31343	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre, nous avons essayé d'apporter une ambiance détente et bien-être à ce joli petit logement Vous aurez accès à une table de massage gratuitement  Le sofa convertible vous permet de loger 1 à 2 personnes supplémentaires  Nous avons aménagé un petit coin lecture/détente/écoute de la musique proche de la bibliothèque et de la fenêtre du salon afin de profiter de la lumière naturelle du logement	Pretty 33 square-meters flat in the heart of 18th arrondissement Bright and cosy living room Few steps from Montmartre Near of metro and all facilities 1 bedroom and 1 sofa bed - 1 shower and 1 kitchen 1 massage table is available for free L'appartement est très agréable à vivre, nous avons essayé d'apporter une ambiance détente et bien-être à ce joli petit logement Vous aurez accès à une table de massage gratuitement  Le sofa convertible vous permet de loger 1 à 2 personnes supplémentaires  Nous avons aménagé un petit coin lecture/détente/écoute de la musique proche de la bibliothèque et de la fenêtre du salon afin de profiter de la lumière naturelle du logement Toutes les commodités sont accessibles (métro, bus, commerces, visite touristique, etc...) Le logement est tout à vous durant la période du séjour Nous serons disponible par téléphone en cas de besoin Le quartier est très vivant et multi culturel, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et commerces de tout type Pour ceux qui a
31344	Lovely 45m2 falt (500 ft2) offering one bedroom with a large bed and a new sofa bed in the living room for up to 4 people and fully equipped kitchen. You will enjoy the way of living in Montmartre in a quiet area and the transport facilities by feet, subway or bus to visit Paris.	Lovely 45m2 falt (500 ft2) offering one bedroom with a large bed and a new sofa bed in the living room for up to 4 people and fully equipped kitchen. You will enjoy the way of living in Montmartre in a quiet area and the transport facilities by feet, subway or bus to visit Paris. We can interact by email and facebook. You will appreciate many restaurants and bars, great food stores (rue des abbesses, rue lepic and rue des martyrs) and a nice shopping area.  Subway lines : Anvers, Abbesses, Barbès Bus lines : 30, 54, 85 and 67 Montmartrobus Non smoking flat, children welcome, no pets.
31345	En plus de la vue imprenable et dégagée, mon fraisier vous offrira de très bonnes petites fraises pour les plus chanceux !  L'appartement a été spécialement remeublé pour pouvoir garantir le meilleur accueil ! Un lit et un canapé lit permettent d'accueillir 4 personnes dans ce 28m2. Au sixième étage avec ascenseur et sans vis-à-vis !lo	L'appartement est entièrement refait à neuf : équipé moderne et fonctionnel. Le grand plus de mon appartement est son balcon filant exposé plein sud qui offre une vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur et même le haut de la tour Eiffel ! En plus de la vue imprenable et dégagée, mon fraisier vous offrira de très bonnes petites fraises pour les plus chanceux !  L'appartement a été spécialement remeublé pour pouvoir garantir le meilleur accueil ! Un lit et un canapé lit permettent d'accueillir 4 personnes dans ce 28m2. Au sixième étage avec ascenseur et sans vis-à-vis !lo Tout ! Une femme de ménage veille à ce que l'appartement soit propre à votre arrivée,  que vous y trouviez des draps et des serviettes propres ! Pour  tout les renseignements dont vous avez besoin, je me rendrai dispo ! Au nord du 18ème arrondissement de Paris, entre la rue du poteau et du ruisseau, le quartier est vivant et familial.  Vie de quartier, marché, cafés, épiceries fines, petits restos délicieux, bars sympas : vou
31346	This apartment is extremely well located, in the heart of Montmartre, between The Moulin Rouge and Place des Abbesses.  You will find a tastefully decorated and completely renovated one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. Floor 4 out of 5. Extremely calm. The apartment is Ideal for a couple and a child, 33 m2: 1 room, kitchenette with all the equipments, 1 bathroom, 1 separate private toilet. _ Sheets and towels included _ WiFi Internet connection _ Lit King size _ Dressing _ DVD player with more than 600 DVDs _ Washer dryer _ Dishwasher _ Oven _ Microwave _ Hair dryer _ Blender _ Kettle _ Expresso Maker _ digital Safety Box Fancy neighbourhood. A lot of nice and trendy places to hang out (restaurants, bars, pub, movie theater, concert hall, theatre) and to shop around, mixed with typical market (bakery, cheese dairy, wine merchant...) _ 5 minutes to Sacre Coeur _ 5 minutes to Place du Tertre _ 5 minutes to Moulin Rouge _ Bike Hide 	This apartment is extremely well located, in the heart of Montmartre, between The Moulin Rouge and Place des Abbesses.  You will find a tastefully decorated and completely renovated one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. Floor 4 out of 5. Extremely calm. The apartment is Ideal for a couple and a child, 33 m2: 1 room, kitchenette with all the equipments, 1 bathroom, 1 separate private toilet. _ Sheets and towels included _ WiFi Internet connection _ Lit King size _ Dressing _ DVD player with more than 600 DVDs _ Washer dryer _ Dishwasher _ Oven _ Microwave _ Hair dryer _ Blender _ Kettle _ Expresso Maker _ digital Safety Box Fancy neighbourhood. A lot of nice and trendy places to hang out (restaurants, bars, pub, movie theater, concert hall, theatre) and to shop around, mixed with typical market (bakery, cheese dairy, wine merchant...) _ 5 minutes to Sacre Coeur _ 5 minutes to Place du Tertre _ 5 minutes to Moulin Rouge _ Bike Hide 
31347	"Hi,  I’m out of Paris this summer so if you want a nice, well located and cosy place at reasonable price, this is the right place for you ! The appartment is in the touristic and lovely Montmartre district (3 min. walk by Sacré-cœur basilica, but you will have to climb the stairs !) LOCATION: 1 min. walk by Metro Jules Joffrin  (line 12) / 5min. walk by Lamarck Caulaincourt (l.12) or Château Rouge (line 4 very if you come from Roissy- Charles de Gaulle or Orly Airport by Gare du Nord) Less 100m around: 3 Paris City bike stations (vélib) / Busses: 31, 60,  Montmartrobus, 80, 85, 95 Few steps of the building you'll find evreything that you need: all facilities: supermarkets, 5 bakeries around 200m (One is really famous and awesome trust me! one other is 24/7), nice restaurants, many many café/bistro, bio food stores, pharmacies... The neiborhood is really lively and really pleasant to live in. -	MAIN ROOM One ultra comfy large bed that you will have do get down from the ceiling (really e"	"Hi,  I’m out of Paris this summer so if you want a nice, well located and cosy place at reasonable price, this is the right place for you ! The appartment is in the touristic and lovely Montmartre district (3 min. walk by Sacré-cœur basilica, but you will have to climb the stairs !) LOCATION: 1 min. walk by Metro Jules Joffrin  (line 12) / 5min. walk by Lamarck Caulaincourt (l.12) or Château Rouge (line 4 very if you come from Roissy- Charles de Gaulle or Orly Airport by Gare du Nord) Less 100m around: 3 Paris City bike stations (vélib) / Busses: 31, 60,  Montmartrobus, 80, 85, 95 Few steps of the building you'll find evreything that you need: all facilities: supermarkets, 5 bakeries around 200m (One is really famous and awesome trust me! one other is 24/7), nice restaurants, many many café/bistro, bio food stores, pharmacies... The neiborhood is really lively and really pleasant to live in. -	MAIN ROOM One ultra comfy large bed that you will have do get down from the ceiling (really e"
31348	"Right in the center of Montmartre, very close of the subway station of Abesses and all the conveniences (bakery, restaurants, cinemas, theatres…) we have an apartment of charm equiped of a balcony  offering a unspoilable view on the city! Located in a street calms on the 5th floor, it comprises 4 separate parts (living room, kitchen, room and bathroom) with the typically Parisian charm: parquet floor on the ground and mouldings with the ceiling… the kitchen, very equipped, (cooker gas, refrigerator, electric furnace) has all the ustensils necessary while the room is equipped with a bed 2 places (equipped with arrangements!) which the roofs of Paris are seen. In this apartment of 37 m², you will be able to begin your day with a breakfast shone upon on the balcony before wlaking to the ""Sacré coeur""while benefitting from the multiple bars and shops which will mark out your course. It should be noted that we profit from a connection Internet which will facilitate, amongst other things, th"	"Right in the center of Montmartre, very close of the subway station of Abesses and all the conveniences (bakery, restaurants, cinemas, theatres…) we have an apartment of charm equiped of a balcony  offering a unspoilable view on the city! Located in a street calms on the 5th floor, it comprises 4 separate parts (living room, kitchen, room and bathroom) with the typically Parisian charm: parquet floor on the ground and mouldings with the ceiling… the kitchen, very equipped, (cooker gas, refrigerator, electric furnace) has all the ustensils necessary while the room is equipped with a bed 2 places (equipped with arrangements!) which the roofs of Paris are seen. In this apartment of 37 m², you will be able to begin your day with a breakfast shone upon on the balcony before wlaking to the ""Sacré coeur""while benefitting from the multiple bars and shops which will mark out your course. It should be noted that we profit from a connection Internet which will facilitate, amongst other things, th"
31349	Appartement et immeuble typiquement parisiens	Studio pour 2 personnes (23 m²) Confortable et lumineux, salle de bains rénovée début 2015. Très calme (sur cour). Au coeur du quartier vivant Jules Joffrin et au pied de Montmartre (5/10 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur)  A noter : 5e étage sans ascenseur Appartement et immeuble typiquement parisiens Montmartre, Sacré Cœur, commerces, restaurants Super sympa!!  Vivant, cosmopolite, bons restaurants avec un excellent rapport qualité/prix quartier bohème des artistes Métro ligne 4 Marcadet-Poissonniers Et ligne 12 station Jules Joffrin Bus 56, 85, 60 et 80 À 10 min de Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est Je peux vous conseiller pour le programme des visites dans Paris et pour des adresses de restaurants
31350	Idéalement situé, le studio de 24m² est de tout confort, fonctionnel dans un immeuble calme. En plein Paris, l'appartement se trouve dans le 17ème arrondissement au 6eme étage avec un petit ascenseur, a 50 mètres du métro La fourche sur la ligne 13. A 900 mètres du Moulin Rouge et à 5 stations de métro de Champs Elysées - Clémenceau, il est très bien desservi en Bus et métro. Cet appartement a tout le charme des appartements parisiens avec ces poutres apparentes. Linge de maison et serviettes inclus. EQUIPEMENTS: • TV LCD : Oui • Cable TV : Oui • ADSL / Internet : Oui • Baignoire : Oui • Micro-ondes : Oui • Plaques chauffantes : Yes • Refrigerateur : Oui • Cafetiere/Percolateur : Oui • Bouilloire : Oui • Grille-pain : Oui With its cosy and beautiful decor, this clean and bright apartment is waiting for you! It is fully furnished, including one double bed, a microwave, a fridge, a TV and DVD, a wireless internet connexion. Its bathroom includes a bath, a washbasin and the WC. Towels, sh	Idéalement situé, le studio de 24m² est de tout confort dans un immeuble calme. En plein Paris, l'appartement se trouve dans le 17ème arrondissement au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, a 50 mètres du métro La fourche. Bien desservi en Bus et métro Idéalement situé, le studio de 24m² est de tout confort, fonctionnel dans un immeuble calme. En plein Paris, l'appartement se trouve dans le 17ème arrondissement au 6eme étage avec un petit ascenseur, a 50 mètres du métro La fourche sur la ligne 13. A 900 mètres du Moulin Rouge et à 5 stations de métro de Champs Elysées - Clémenceau, il est très bien desservi en Bus et métro. Cet appartement a tout le charme des appartements parisiens avec ces poutres apparentes. Linge de maison et serviettes inclus. EQUIPEMENTS: • TV LCD : Oui • Cable TV : Oui • ADSL / Internet : Oui • Baignoire : Oui • Micro-ondes : Oui • Plaques chauffantes : Yes • Refrigerateur : Oui • Cafetiere/Percolateur : Oui • Bouilloire : Oui • Grille-pain : Oui With its cosy and beautifu
31351	Live like a Parisian in Montmartre: Wow! Sacré bleu! No, Sacré Coeur. Right outside your window in fact. It’s one heck of a view. Admire it from your sofa; admire it from your dining table. Admire it from pretty much anywhere in your living room! Views aside, this apartment is also bright and comfortable. And quite clearly close to some great Parisian sights. Make like Amélie Poulain and explore the hilltop hood of Montmartre, home to artists’ ateliers, theatres (including the mythical Moulin Rouge), specialty shops and oodles of period charm.   The Montmartrois say they wouldn’t live anywhere else, and neither may you after ambling through the fascinating 18th arrondissement. Climb to the Sacré-Coeur for breathtaking views, stopping off on the way for a portrait at place du Tertre. Or join the nightowls in the bars and clubs on lower ground.	Live like a Parisian in Montmartre: Wow! Sacré bleu! No, Sacré Coeur. Right outside your window in fact. It’s one heck of a view. Admire it from your sofa; admire it from your dining table. Admire it from pretty much anywhere in your living room! Views aside, this apartment is also bright and comfortable. And quite clearly close to some great Parisian sights. Make like Amélie Poulain and explore the hilltop hood of Montmartre, home to artists’ ateliers, theatres (including the mythical Moulin Rouge), specialty shops and oodles of period charm.   The Montmartrois say they wouldn’t live anywhere else, and neither may you after ambling through the fascinating 18th arrondissement. Climb to the Sacré-Coeur for breathtaking views, stopping off on the way for a portrait at place du Tertre. Or join the nightowls in the bars and clubs on lower ground. Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre, Le Trianon Metro line 2, 4, 12 Bus
31352		Charmant T2 - Montmartre (Pied de la Butte) 25m2 - RDC - Terrasse Fleurie - Calme.  À deux pas du Sacré Coeur. Idéal pour un couple.  Plus de photo à venir. 
31353	"The flat is right beside the metro Marcadet poissonniers : the lines 12 and 4 enable you to reach quickly and directly south / north / west of Paris. It's 5 minutes walk from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), the vineyards, the museum of Montmartre, the staircases of the ""butte Montmartre"".  15 minutes walk you have the new cinema ""Louxor"".  10 minutes walk you reach the African quarter of Chateau Rouge (with the famous marché Dejean). When you go to the other side of the hill (20 minutes walk) you can discover the area abbesses / pigale with a lot of concerts, places for dancing etc.. When you take the other directions (north), 20 minutes walk, you can find the flea Market of Saint Ouen which is very famous (the biggest flea market and antiques in Europe) and numerous nice bars.  Then you have bars and restaurants just in the street of the flat : a new fashion ""barista"" that makes very good coffee, a nice couscous restaurant where you can sit outside, a delicious italian restaurant, a very cu"	"The flat is right beside the metro Marcadet poissonniers : the lines 12 and 4 enable you to reach quickly and directly south / north / west of Paris. It's 5 minutes walk from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), the vineyards, the museum of Montmartre, the staircases of the ""butte Montmartre"".  15 minutes walk you have the new cinema ""Louxor"".  10 minutes walk you reach the African quarter of Chateau Rouge (with the famous marché Dejean). When you go to the other side of the hill (20 minutes walk) you can discover the area abbesses / pigale with a lot of concerts, places for dancing etc.. When you take the other directions (north), 20 minutes walk, you can find the flea Market of Saint Ouen which is very famous (the biggest flea market and antiques in Europe) and numerous nice bars.  Then you have bars and restaurants just in the street of the flat : a new fashion ""barista"" that makes very good coffee, a nice couscous restaurant where you can sit outside, a delicious italian restaurant, a very cu"
31354	Right in the heart of Montmartre in 2 steps of the Sacre Coeur charming 2 rooms(parts,plays) of 38m2 on the 5th floor, stay with sofa reads, balcony to take breakfasts, open completely equipped cooking(kitchen) (oven, wash dishes(crockery)), room(chamber) with big bed, bathroom For attractive holidays in Paris take advantage of it places magic!! The district of Abbesses is very pleasant to have a walk numerous shops, famous restaurants, attractive small bars.. Without considering everything highly-rated historic to walk(work) on the tracks of Dalida and Toulouse Lautrec The subway Abbesses is 2 steps (line 12) as well as the subway Pigalle (line 2) Of numerous buses in the surroundings	Right in the heart of Montmartre in 2 steps of the Sacre Coeur charming 2 rooms(parts,plays) of 38m2 on the 5th floor, stay with sofa reads, balcony to take breakfasts, open completely equipped cooking(kitchen) (oven, wash dishes(crockery)), room(chamber) with big bed, bathroom For attractive holidays in Paris take advantage of it places magic!! The district of Abbesses is very pleasant to have a walk numerous shops, famous restaurants, attractive small bars.. Without considering everything highly-rated historic to walk(work) on the tracks of Dalida and Toulouse Lautrec The subway Abbesses is 2 steps (line 12) as well as the subway Pigalle (line 2) Of numerous buses in the surroundings
31355	"Cozy, bohemian apartment in the heart of Montmartre, 20 m2. ground floor  Quiet small street (street BERTHE) right next to the little market from ""Amelie in Paris""  and the Sacree Coeur., the Moulin rouge in Pigalle  1 bedroom 2-person in double bed with ecological matrix included in the closet Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking... wash machine not working Bathroom with shower, toilets  Pressing on the street next.  Sheets and bath towels, WIFI, HiFi, CD, books, ..  rent per month i will ask small deposit give back in the end of renting... One of the most alive districts of Paris: Any stores, many cafes and restaurants, cinemas,theaters and concert... In three minutes in feet of three stations of metro Abbesses(line 12), Station Pigalle (line 2), Station place of clichy (line 13).    Studio 17m2  ambiance bohème décoration. placard lit pour deux, confortable et  pratique, on peut le rabbatre pour plus"	" Cozy, bohemian apartment in the heart of Montmartre, 20 m2. ground floor  Quiet small street (street BERTHE) right next to the little market from ""Amelie in Paris""  and the Sacree Coeur., the Moulin rouge in Pigalle  1 bedroom 2-person in double bed with ecological matrix included in the closet Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking... wash machine not working Bathroom with shower, toilets  Pressing on the street next.  Sheets and bath towels, WIFI, HiFi, CD, books, ..  rent per month i will ask small deposit give back in the end of renting... One of the most alive districts of Paris: Any stores, many cafes and restaurants, cinemas,theaters and concert... In three minutes in feet of three stations of metro Abbesses(line 12), Station Pigalle (line 2), Station place of clichy (line 13).    Studio 20m2  ambiance bohème décoration. placard lit pour deux, confortable et  pratique, on peut le rabbatre pour plu"
31356	• Très bel appartement, à 5mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur • L'exposition est/ouest nous donne du soleil toute la journée ! • Bien décoré, bien équipé, il est super sympa à vivre et très bien desservi par le métro : on est aux 4 coins de Paris en moins d'une demie heure.  • Il est meublé avec soin : mélange de brocante, pièces des années 40/50 , beaucoup d'oeuvres au mur, des livres et des disques partout …disons qu'il a de la personnalité.  • Les 5 chambres permettent d'y vivre sereinement, même quand on est une grande famille, ou une bande de potes.  • Le quartier est populaire mais à seulement 5mn à pied de la Hype des Abesses : restos, bars, shopping. •  Le cinéma Le Louxor vient de rouvrir à 150m de la maison ; c'est devenu notre home cinéma !	Notre grand Duplex de 160 M2 est au 6eme et 7 étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien ( sans ascenceur! Son exposition EST/OUEST vous  offre le plaisir du lever et du coucher de soleil. Aucun vis à vis direct, hormis les toits, le ciel et le Sacré Coeur. • Très bel appartement, à 5mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur • L'exposition est/ouest nous donne du soleil toute la journée ! • Bien décoré, bien équipé, il est super sympa à vivre et très bien desservi par le métro : on est aux 4 coins de Paris en moins d'une demie heure.  • Il est meublé avec soin : mélange de brocante, pièces des années 40/50 , beaucoup d'oeuvres au mur, des livres et des disques partout …disons qu'il a de la personnalité.  • Les 5 chambres permettent d'y vivre sereinement, même quand on est une grande famille, ou une bande de potes.  • Le quartier est populaire mais à seulement 5mn à pied de la Hype des Abesses : restos, bars, shopping. •  Le cinéma Le Louxor vient de rouvrir à 150m de la maison ; c'est devenu notre home cinéma !
31357	"Appartement très confortable de 44m² ,très calme dans le centre de Paris et au pied de Montmartre (tout près du Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle et Abbesses / Rue des Martyrs), dans un quartier très animé à 5 minutes du Moulin Rouge. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant! À distance de marche: - 20 min de l'Opéra Garnier et des Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...) - 5 min de ""Sacré Coeur"" et de Montmartre. Les métros: - 1 min de métro n ° 12 et n ° 2 ""Station Pigalle"" - 1 min de métro n ° 2 ""Station Anvers"" - 2 min de métro n ° 12 ""Station Abbesses"" L'appartement dispose de: -Une chambre fermée avec lit King-Size. -Une chambre d’enfant. -Une salle de séjour. -Une petite cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (micro-ondes, four, ..). -Une salle de bains avec baignoire. Non-fumeur, congélateur, machine à espresso, Accès Internet sans fil, téléphone, lecteur DVD / CD, radio, linge de lit / serviettes, télévision à écran plasma plat. Chauffage au gaz inclus. Notre appartement est situé au"	"Near Montmartre, Sacré-coeur and pigalle!! very central, cosy and central! we love our flat and welcome in ours for some days... Appartement très confortable de 44m² ,très calme dans le centre de Paris et au pied de Montmartre (tout près du Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle et Abbesses / Rue des Martyrs), dans un quartier très animé à 5 minutes du Moulin Rouge. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant! À distance de marche: - 20 min de l'Opéra Garnier et des Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...) - 5 min de ""Sacré Coeur"" et de Montmartre. Les métros: - 1 min de métro n ° 12 et n ° 2 ""Station Pigalle"" - 1 min de métro n ° 2 ""Station Anvers"" - 2 min de métro n ° 12 ""Station Abbesses"" L'appartement dispose de: -Une chambre fermée avec lit King-Size. -Une chambre d’enfant. -Une salle de séjour. -Une petite cuisine américaine entièrement équipée (micro-ondes, four, ..). -Une salle de bains avec baignoire. Non-fumeur, congélateur, machine à espresso, Accès Internet sans fil, téléphone, lecteur DV"
31358		This flat, recently renovated, is cosy and confortable.   
31359	"A 2-room apartment of 34 m² in the heart of Montmartre (located in the very famous rue Lepic). At the 5th and last floor of a old building with elevator. Apartment very quiet, very clear (5 big windows). Balcony running along the apartment with beautiful views of the Sacré- Coeur and Paris. It is possible to have lunch or dinner on the balcony (2 people). The neighborhood, location: The apartment is perfectly in the Montmartre's spirit and  is ideally located in this artitical area: less than 5 minutes by food to go to the ""Moulin Rouge"" and the ""Sacré-Coeur"", concert halls, art galleries, studios of painters, bars, restaurants .. You can stroll through the winding streets of the hill, surrounded by houses, gardens, artists' studios that make the reputation this area. You are next to many bus and metro: metro stations Abbesses, Blanche, and Lamarck are closest. Near (between 5 and 10 minutes walking), you also have the Station Place Clichy and Pigalle. Description of the apartment: 2 r"	"A 2-room apartment of 34 m² in the heart of Montmartre (located in the very famous rue Lepic). At the 5th and last floor of a old building with elevator. Apartment very quiet, very clear (5 big windows). Balcony running along the apartment with beautiful views of the Sacré- Coeur and Paris. It is possible to have lunch or dinner on the balcony (2 people). The neighborhood, location: The apartment is perfectly in the Montmartre's spirit and  is ideally located in this artitical area: less than 5 minutes by food to go to the ""Moulin Rouge"" and the ""Sacré-Coeur"", concert halls, art galleries, studios of painters, bars, restaurants .. You can stroll through the winding streets of the hill, surrounded by houses, gardens, artists' studios that make the reputation this area. You are next to many bus and metro: metro stations Abbesses, Blanche, and Lamarck are closest. Near (between 5 and 10 minutes walking), you also have the Station Place Clichy and Pigalle. Description of the apartment: 2 r"
31360	Exceptional  loft  in Paris - Former artist studio. View on Sacré Coeur from the lovely terrace, where you can have a sunny breakfast Beautiful view on the trees of the famous Montmartre Cemetery Very quite appartement Located at 5 minutes by feet of Montmartre district, and 5min of Moulin Rouge by feet 8mn from opéra, and big stores by foot (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette), 4 stations to Champs Elysées. and direct bus to Eiffel Tower.  Very nice restaurants, typical Parisian atmosphere. to go out we can recommend - King size bed for the parent bedroom - Little children bedroom : two adults simple bed (90x190)  -  Bathroom equipped with a bath and Italian shower - Very large and enjoyable living room 80 square meters (860 square feet) Clean towels and clean sheets will be provided and a house keeper will come just before your arrival. Don’t hesitate if you would like to have any further details or to receive better quality pics… Kitchen : oven, hot plate, dishwasher, electric kettle, to	Exceptional  loft  in Paris - Former artist studio. View on Sacré Coeur from the lovely terrace, where you can have a sunny breakfast Beautiful view on the trees of the famous Montmartre Cemetery Very quite appartement Located at 5 minutes by feet of Montmartre district, and 5min of Moulin Rouge by feet 8mn from opéra, and big stores by foot (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette), 4 stations to Champs Elysées. and direct bus to Eiffel Tower.  Very nice restaurants, typical Parisian atmosphere. to go out we can recommend - King size bed for the parent bedroom - Little children bedroom : two adults simple bed (90x190)  -  Bathroom equipped with a bath and Italian shower - Very large and enjoyable living room 80 square meters (860 square feet) Clean towels and clean sheets will be provided and a house keeper will come just before your arrival. Don’t hesitate if you would like to have any further details or to receive better quality pics… Kitchen : oven, hot plate, dishwasher, electric kettle, to
31361	This apartment has an amazing view on PARIS - Eiffel Tower, and Montparnasse Tower. very sunlight with double orientation SOUTH/NORD. On the 4th floor without lift with easy steps. This nice apartment is situated in a traditional Paris building on the quiet Rue GARREAU in the hearth of Montmartre. This apartment was completely remodeled as of May 2010, and offers 25 meters square. (268 square feet) of living space. There is a main room opening to a bathroom, and a kitchen. The apartment is perfect for two / 4 guests. In the main room there is a large sofa bed; and there are a single bed + Mattless futon. The good-size kitchen is well equiped. Our adress is in the hearth of Montmartre Village at less 200 meters of the metro Abesses. You have an amazing view all over Paris from the studio (5th floor). Amoung all the places in Paris, this of Montmartre is one of the most beautiful from PARIS. It has its own special brand of charm, a varied and complex charm. Many faces of Montmartre still	This apartment has an amazing view on PARIS - Eiffel Tower, and Montparnasse Tower. very sunlight with double orientation SOUTH/NORD. On the 4th floor without lift with easy steps. This nice apartment is situated in a traditional Paris building on the quiet Rue GARREAU in the hearth of Montmartre. This apartment was completely remodeled as of May 2010, and offers 25 meters square. (268 square feet) of living space. There is a main room opening to a bathroom, and a kitchen. The apartment is perfect for two / 4 guests. In the main room there is a large sofa bed; and there are a single bed + Mattless futon. The good-size kitchen is well equiped. Our adress is in the hearth of Montmartre Village at less 200 meters of the metro Abesses. You have an amazing view all over Paris from the studio (5th floor). Amoung all the places in Paris, this of Montmartre is one of the most beautiful from PARIS. It has its own special brand of charm, a varied and complex charm. Many faces of Montmartre still
31362	I rent this very nice little apartment (30 m²) located at the 4th floor (with elevator) just renovated by an architect, in a nice building right next to the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. The flat consist of a bright living room with a charming view and an integrated fully equipped kitchen area, a bedroom, a dressing and a bathroom. Perfect for a couple, the apartment can host 2 persons in the bedroom and possibly one more on the convertible sofa in the living room. Located in a quiet street, the early century building is very well maintained. Just next to the Sacré- Coeur and the Halles Saint Pierre, 2 minutes by walk from Montmartre village and Abbesses, the area is very nice, bustling with new restaurants, cafés and concert halls. I will be happy to tell you my favourite places. The flat is also very close to various transports facilities and shops.  Other information:  Metro: Abbesses (line 12), Anvers (line 2) and Barbès (line 4).  Also in the flat: - Bathroom: walk-in shower, sink, t	I rent this very nice little apartment (30 m²) located at the 4th floor (with elevator) just renovated by an architect, in a nice building right next to the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. The flat consist of a bright living room with a charming view and an integrated fully equipped kitchen area, a bedroom, a dressing and a bathroom. Perfect for a couple, the apartment can host 2 persons in the bedroom and possibly one more on the convertible sofa in the living room. Located in a quiet street, the early century building is very well maintained. Just next to the Sacré- Coeur and the Halles Saint Pierre, 2 minutes by walk from Montmartre village and Abbesses, the area is very nice, bustling with new restaurants, cafés and concert halls. I will be happy to tell you my favourite places. The flat is also very close to various transports facilities and shops.  Other information:  Metro: Abbesses (line 12), Anvers (line 2) and Barbès (line 4).  Also in the flat: - Bathroom: walk-in shower, sink, t
31363		- 1 bedroom appt near Montmartre - 42 sqm - 7th floor with balcony and great view (with elevator) - Sofa in living-room convertible into a bed   
31364	A la fois cosy et fonctionnelle, cet appartement de 47m2 refait par un architecte est plein de charme ! Le  salon est confortable, et abrite une partie salle à manger dans une alcôve-bibliothèque. Un balcon filant s’ouvre sur le salon, ainsi que sur la grande chambre, avec lit double 140cm. La salle de bain, apaisante, comporte une grande baignoire, un lavabo, un radiateur sèche serviette et le lave linge. Le toilette est indépendant. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec un grand réfrigérateur, une gazinière-four, un toaster, une bouilloire, et un lave vaisselle. L’appartement se situe dans la partie très commerçante de Guy Moquet, au cœur d'un quartier typiquement parisien! A 10mn à pied du sacré cœur (Montmartre). L'appartement est situé à 3mn à pied du métro Guy Moquet, ligne 13. En 15 mn vous êtes à la station Champs Elysées, l’avenue la plus connue de Paris! Je fournie à mes hôtes une liste de lieux (boulangerie, bars, restaurants, commerces) typiques du quartier ! Bienvenue 	A la fois cosy et fonctionnelle, cet appartement de 47m2 refait par un architecte est plein de charme !  A la fois cosy et fonctionnelle, cet appartement de 47m2 refait par un architecte est plein de charme ! Le  salon est confortable, et abrite une partie salle à manger dans une alcôve-bibliothèque. Un balcon filant s’ouvre sur le salon, ainsi que sur la grande chambre, avec lit double 140cm. La salle de bain, apaisante, comporte une grande baignoire, un lavabo, un radiateur sèche serviette et le lave linge. Le toilette est indépendant. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec un grand réfrigérateur, une gazinière-four, un toaster, une bouilloire, et un lave vaisselle. L’appartement se situe dans la partie très commerçante de Guy Moquet, au cœur d'un quartier typiquement parisien! A 10mn à pied du sacré cœur (Montmartre). L'appartement est situé à 3mn à pied du métro Guy Moquet, ligne 13. En 15 mn vous êtes à la station Champs Elysées, l’avenue la plus connue de Paris! Je fournie à mes
31365	The living room is elegant and includes a comfortable sofa, along with a coffee table, stylish chairs. This place is spacious and very welcoming.  There is a modern and totally furnished kitchen with all the utensils and amenities (microwave, oven, washer-dryer, etc.). Everything you would need to cook all what you want!  There is one double bedroom with ample storage for your clothes and a large window lighting up the space.  The bathroom is very cosy and includes shower, ideal for unwinding Fresh towels are provided for you too! For your comfort this flat has central heating throughout and free fast Wi-Fi internet access. Bedding and towels are provided. The apartment is very well located, in the trendy and famous area of Montmartre, considered also like one of the loveliest district in Paris.  Here you can enjoy a certain idea of the historic Paris! Above all, Le Moulin Rouge was never so close, just 2 minutes by walking from your flat!  The Sacre-Coeur, one of the must see in Paris	A modern one bedroom apartment situated on the 2nd floor (without lift) is very well located in Montmartre, extremely close to the famous Le Moulin Rouge! The flat is very stylish and cosy. It can accommodate up to 2 guests! The living room is elegant and includes a comfortable sofa, along with a coffee table, stylish chairs. This place is spacious and very welcoming.  There is a modern and totally furnished kitchen with all the utensils and amenities (microwave, oven, washer-dryer, etc.). Everything you would need to cook all what you want!  There is one double bedroom with ample storage for your clothes and a large window lighting up the space.  The bathroom is very cosy and includes shower, ideal for unwinding Fresh towels are provided for you too! For your comfort this flat has central heating throughout and free fast Wi-Fi internet access. Bedding and towels are provided. The apartment is very well located, in the trendy and famous area of Montmartre, considered also like one of t
31366		Flat ideally situated in the Abbesses district - Montmartre. Appartement idéalement situé aux abbesses à Montmartre.  All inclusive: WIFI / TV / Kitchen / Towels Métro Abbesses
31367	Deux pièces avec cuisine et salle de bains refaites à neuf et équipées de tout le confort moderne. une chambre fonctionnelle et claire avec un coin repas et un lit armoire pour gagner de la place, calme elle donne sur une cour. Un grand salon lumineux, sobre et confortable avec vue sur un square. Des voisins discrets, une rue calme et de quoi occuper les heures creuses en piochant dans une bibliothèque bien fournie .mon appartement est situé au coeur d'un quartier vivant et bien desservi en bus et métro et où l'on peut trouver aussi bien des marchés et des commerces de tous styles que des restaurants variés, des théâtres ou des cinémas. Je suis à 1/4 d'heure à pied de Montmartre de la place Clichy et du marché aux puces.  La cour envahie par les plantes et les trois marches qui accèdent à mon'entrée vous donneront l'impression d'habiter une maison en plein coeur de Paris	Deux pièces avec cuisine et salle de bains refaites à neuf et équipées de tout le confort moderne. une chambre fonctionnelle et claire avec un coin repas et un lit armoire pour gagner de la place, calme elle donne sur une cour. Un grand salon lumineux, sobre et confortable avec vue sur un square. Des voisins discrets, une rue calme et de quoi occuper les heures creuses en piochant dans une bibliothèque bien fournie .mon appartement est situé au coeur d'un quartier vivant et bien desservi en bus et métro et où l'on peut trouver aussi bien des marchés et des commerces de tous styles que des restaurants variés, des théâtres ou des cinémas. Je suis à 1/4 d'heure à pied de Montmartre de la place Clichy et du marché aux puces.  La cour envahie par les plantes et les trois marches qui accèdent à mon'entrée vous donneront l'impression d'habiter une maison en plein coeur de Paris les voyageurs peuvent utiliser tout ce qui est à leur disposition dans le logement à condition que tout soit dans l'
31368		Nice charming 1 bedroom apartement to rent few steps away from Montmarte and sacre cœur. all furnished and equiped.
31369	Aux pieds de Montmartre	Located on historic Montmartre Hill only a few blocks from the famous steps leading to Sacre Cœur, which is a popular meeting spot for people from all over the world. Very comfy studio at the foot of Montmartre for 2 persons. 
31370	FR : nous vous accueillons dans cet appartement typiquement parisien rénové en 2015. L'ambiance y est chaleureuse et vous y trouverez tout le confort dont vous avez besoin pour y passer un agréable séjour. Il se situe au premier étage d'un bel immeuble sans ascenseur. Il donne sur une petite courette et sur une rue calme. A 5 minutes à pied on y trouve tout le nécessaire : des épiceries, des boulangeries, des bars branchés (Dunkerque, Chez Bouboule, Clémentine et Marcel...) et restaurants. EN : you are welcomed in this Parisian flat all refreshed in 2015 with a friendly and cosy atmosphere. You will find everything you need to have a wonderful journey in Paris. It is in the first floor without elevator. It is located in a quiet street. 5 minutes’ walk from everything:  supermarkets, bakeries, trendy bars (le Dunkerque, Chez Bouboule, Clémentine et Marcel…) and (website hidden) : il se compose d'une très grande pièce à vivre (30 m²) très agréable et très ensoleillée ouverte sur trois gr	Bienvenue dans cet appt charmant & cosy situé en plein coeur de Paris refait à neuf We welcome you in this very nice and cosy flat. It is very well situated in the centre of Paris. 60m² Situation : Montmatre, Martyrs, Pigalle, Grands magasins...
31371	The apartment is well situated but very calm all day long, has 2 independent and lovely rooms  and a living room with television and a round table, the kitchen is modern and well equipped for those who like to cook (hoven, Italian coffee machines, gas stove, toaster, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, and many dishes and all size cooking material…) as well as the bathroom (bathtub/shower, sink/mirror, toilet, washing-machine, hairdryer).	3 room, cosy flat in typical parisian building 2 minutes from the Sacré Coeur park and metro stations and buses  very quiet neighborhood 15 minutes from the center Châtelet-Cité 1 double bed and 2 single beds (convertibles) minimum 3 days stay The apartment is well situated but very calm all day long, has 2 independent and lovely rooms  and a living room with television and a round table, the kitchen is modern and well equipped for those who like to cook (hoven, Italian coffee machines, gas stove, toaster, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, and many dishes and all size cooking material…) as well as the bathroom (bathtub/shower, sink/mirror, toilet, washing-machine, hairdryer). The guests can use everything, and they just need to carry their personal belongings. Sheets and towels are provided.  Someone who knows the apartment and neighborhood (me, my son, or a friend), will be there at your arrival and departure. This person should be reachable during your stay if you need anything. Mon
31372	My flat is very calm and luminous in a small street street near a gym stadium. (nice if you're a runner or play tennis) 	Very nice appt to have calm and sweet nights and fun and parties in the area! My flat is very calm and luminous in a small street street near a gym stadium. (nice if you're a runner or play tennis)  Everything is for you. I'd like to meet you and coul present you all the access and good food places of the area if you want to. Neihborhood is very full of different style of poeple and shops. There is a Lot of everything everywhere. You have a lot a nice bars and restaurants around and basilic Sacre coeur is only 10min walk.  bikes, subway line 4 , 12, 13. Buses 31, 60, 85
31373		appartement à 10minutes à pied du sacré coeur, à la station de métro marcadet poissonnier, autorisant avec les lignes 4 et 12 une facilité de déplacement dans tout Paris avec le metro.
31374	Modern light 40sqm two room apartment with a sunny view in amazing Montmartre. Located on the top floor (5th) in our building, our newly renovated two room apartment has a king-size bed, and a bed sofa in the living room.  Newly renovated bathroom with all amenities needed. A cute kitchen (with dishwasher) that has everything one needs for cooking. A 10 minute walk to the majestic church Sacré-Cœur, and a 1 minute walk to the famous merchant street Rue de pouteau, with shops, markets, small cafés, restaurants. We have an amazing bakery down our street, where we pick up our croissant and pain au chocolat for breakfast.  Two metro stations, located 2 minutes from the apartments front door takes you directly to the heart of Paris, e.g. Republique, Lafayette, Opéra, Louvre etc. Montmartre is one of the coziest areas in Paris, with nearness to amazing sightseeing’s and good restaurants. There are several bio/organic restaurants/cafés/shops in this area and we have two grocery stores just be	Modern & cozy apartment located in a classy, typical Paris building in Montmartre. Convenient to all train stations & airports. An ideal place for a couple or a group of friends. Centrally located on a quiet street, just 15 min from Sacre-Coeur. Modern light 40sqm two room apartment with a sunny view in amazing Montmartre. Located on the top floor (5th) in our building, our newly renovated two room apartment has a king-size bed, and a bed sofa in the living room.  Newly renovated bathroom with all amenities needed. A cute kitchen (with dishwasher) that has everything one needs for cooking. A 10 minute walk to the majestic church Sacré-Cœur, and a 1 minute walk to the famous merchant street Rue de pouteau, with shops, markets, small cafés, restaurants. We have an amazing bakery down our street, where we pick up our croissant and pain au chocolat for breakfast.  Two metro stations, located 2 minutes from the apartments front door takes you directly to the heart of Paris, e.g. Republique,
31375	"Very bright flat in Montmartre. 22 square meter, fully-equipped : TV, wireless internet, washing machine, induction hobs.  There is parquet florring, the flat is at the sixth floor.  The neighborhood is full of little cafe (very nice tha house rue Duhesme: chez Hélène).  Just near to the flat in the Baudelique's street, at the ""Super Coin"", friends are enjoying the after work in a relaxed atmosphere.  For the cultural and sight-seeing excursions you should see the Sacré Coeur (of course), but also for great photography shows the BAL which is Place de Clichy (bus 80).  The bus 80 will also drive you to the Champs Élysées.  hope you will enjoy your trip to Paris ! "	"Very bright flat in Montmartre. 22 square meter, fully-equipped : TV, wireless internet, washing machine, induction hobs.  There is parquet florring, the flat is at the sixth floor.  The neighborhood is full of little cafe (very nice tha house rue Duhesme: chez Hélène).  Just near to the flat in the Baudelique's street, at the ""Super Coin"", friends are enjoying the after work in a relaxed atmosphere.  For the cultural and sight-seeing excursions you should see the Sacré Coeur (of course), but also for great photography shows the BAL which is Place de Clichy (bus 80).  The bus 80 will also drive you to the Champs Élysées.  hope you will enjoy your trip to Paris ! "
31376	Hello, I share on short duration, 2 rooms renovated in a modern style , open , bright and fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , oven and microwave, breakfast tray mobile with Nespresso coffee machine and toaster , computer, wi -fi , washing machine, bathtub, hair dryer ... ) . Sheets and towels included. The beds are very comfortable consist of: - In the bedroom, a bed 160 * 190 cm. - In the living room with a sofa bed 165 * 205 cm. Located on the courtyard in a very quiet building , you are only two minutes from the busy shopping street of Poteau, and 15 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart (Montmartre) . Markets and shops ( Monoprix , Franprix , Leader Price , Dia , Carrefour ... ) . Many public transports ( metro 4 and 12 - bus 31 , 60, 95 , PC3 , Tram T3b ) will easily take you in the heart of Paris and the airports ( North Station in 15 minutes - access to Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly easy ) . Stade de France in 15 minutes. Velib and Autolib close to stations . I speak English a	Hello, I share on short duration, 2 rooms renovated in a modern style , open , bright and fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , oven and microwave, breakfast tray mobile with Nespresso coffee machine and toaster , computer, wi -fi , washing machine, bathtub, hair dryer ... ) . Sheets and towels included. The beds are very comfortable consist of: - In the bedroom, a bed 160 * 190 cm. - In the living room with a sofa bed 165 * 205 cm. Located on the courtyard in a very quiet building , you are only two minutes from the busy shopping street of Poteau, and 15 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart (Montmartre) . Markets and shops ( Monoprix , Franprix , Leader Price , Dia , Carrefour ... ) . Many public transports ( metro 4 and 12 - bus 31 , 60, 95 , PC3 , Tram T3b ) will easily take you in the heart of Paris and the airports ( North Station in 15 minutes - access to Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly easy ) . Stade de France in 15 minutes. Velib and Autolib close to stations . I speak English a
31377	24m2, 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans appartement Haussmannien, clair et calme, refait à neuf récemment, comprenant : - Entrée indépendante - Une chambre /salon donnant sur cour dégagée, calme (canapé/lit 2 personnes – 160x200, draps, penderie, grand placard) - Une kitchenette (table 2 couverts, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, rangements, cafetière, ustensiles, vaisselle)  - Une SDB (baignoire/douche, WC, vasque, serviettes, rangements) - Machine à laver, sèche-linge, internet wifi (à partager avec propriétaire) _____________________________________ 258 sqft, 5th floor with elevator in a “Haussmannien” apartment, light and calm, recently entirely renovated including: -Independent entrance -Bedroom / living room overlooking open and calm courtyard (sofa bed – 5.2ft x 6.6ft, sheets, closet, large cupboard) -Small kitchen (table for 2, refrigerator, electric hotplate, microwave oven, cupboard, Italian coffee maker, utensils, dishes) -Bathroom (bathtub/shower, toilet, 	Au cœur du véritable Montmartre, studio 1/2 personnes, 5è étage avec asc, entrée indépendante, pièces séparées : chambre, cuisine et SDB entièrement équipées. Quartier vivant, commerces, loisirs, transports à proximité M° Lamarck (in English below) 24m2, 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans appartement Haussmannien, clair et calme, refait à neuf récemment, comprenant : - Entrée indépendante - Une chambre /salon donnant sur cour dégagée, calme (canapé/lit 2 personnes – 160x200, draps, penderie, grand placard) - Une kitchenette (table 2 couverts, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, rangements, cafetière, ustensiles, vaisselle)  - Une SDB (baignoire/douche, WC, vasque, serviettes, rangements) - Machine à laver, sèche-linge, internet wifi (à partager avec propriétaire) _____________________________________ 258 sqft, 5th floor with elevator in a “Haussmannien” apartment, light and calm, recently entirely renovated including: -Independent entrance -Bedroom / living room overlooki
31378	"APARTMENT This very cosy and private studio is perfect for two persons! It was recently renovated and is located in a 20th century apartment building with no elevator.  The studio is very bright with a great window view of the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. Room with double bed (140cmx200cm, bed linen included ). Large dinner table, storage, internet wifi high speed.  Full equipped separate kitchen (fridge, oven, sink, kettle, coffee machine, freezer). Bathroom with shower sink & toilet. NEIGHBORHOOD Very close to Montmartre in the 18th district of Paris. Live neighborhood near restaurants, supermarkets, drugstores, department stores, bakeries, shoes stores, clothing stores, banks, post office, open markets, pharmacy WHAT'S NEAR 5min walk from the Sacré Coeur,  5 min ride with the metro from""flea market"" at porte de Clignancourt, Père Lachaise cemetery, Buttes Chaumont Park, Canal Saint-Martin, Moulin rouge, Pigalle 15min métro from Notre Dame Cathedral PUBLIC TRANSIT Very close to metro L"	"Luminous and tastefull studio near Montmartre with a seperate kitchen and bathroom located in a bustling neighborhood near Montmartre, main trainstations and central public transport. APARTMENT This very cosy and private studio is perfect for two persons! It was recently renovated and is located in a 20th century apartment building with no elevator.  The studio is very bright with a great window view of the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. Room with double bed (140cmx200cm, bed linen included ). Large dinner table, storage, internet wifi high speed.  Full equipped separate kitchen (fridge, oven, sink, kettle, coffee machine, freezer). Bathroom with shower sink & toilet. NEIGHBORHOOD Very close to Montmartre in the 18th district of Paris. Live neighborhood near restaurants, supermarkets, drugstores, department stores, bakeries, shoes stores, clothing stores, banks, post office, open markets, pharmacy WHAT'S NEAR 5min walk from the Sacré Coeur,  5 min ride with the metro from""flea market"" at p"
31379	Located in the heart of Montmartre, this charming flat under the « Moulin de la Galette » is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The area of the « Abbesses », known as one of the most lively and trendy places, abouds of bars, restaurants and shops. This double room apartment of 30 square meters has been newly renovated and is furnished in a modern and convenient way. The double bedroom that overlooks a small and quiet courtyard is equiped with a kingsize bed and a large wardrobe. In the living room, the sofa is convertible and can eventually accommodate two other people. The kitchen very practical, is equipped with the essentials: refrigerator, electric stove, oven ...	Located in the heart of Montmartre, this charming flat under the « Moulin de la Galette » is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The area of the « Abbesses », known as one of the most lively and trendy places, abounds of bars, restaurants and shops. Located in the heart of Montmartre, this charming flat under the « Moulin de la Galette » is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The area of the « Abbesses », known as one of the most lively and trendy places, abouds of bars, restaurants and shops. This double room apartment of 30 square meters has been newly renovated and is furnished in a modern and convenient way. The double bedroom that overlooks a small and quiet courtyard is equiped with a kingsize bed and a large wardrobe. In the living room, the sofa is convertible and can eventually accommodate two other people. The kitchen very practical, is equipped with the essentials: refrigerator, electric stove, oven ... I will be available on arrival and during your stay for questions and re
31380	    En plein cœur de Montmartre, et de la rue des Abbesses,nous habitons un appartement atypique plein de charme à 5-10 minutes a pied du Sacré Cœur. Le quartier est très agréable à vivre avec beaucoup de restaurants, bars, boutiques. Un quartier animé, typique mais totalement sécurisé. Proche de l'appartement de multiples Bus et métros vous emmènerons directement et rapidement vers toutes les destinations touristiques connu : Grands magasins (10min), Opéra de Paris (15 min) Champs Élysées (15min), Tour Eiffel (30 min) ect.. 	Nice room in the heart of Montmartre. Bed 160x200. Available wardrobe.
31381	L'appartement est refait à neuf et dispose de deux balconnet orientés plein sud, avec vue sur les toits et l'église Saint-Bernard. 	Deux pièces de 40 m2 carré refait à neuf, sous les toits, lumineux, donnant sur la place de l'église Saint-Bernard. A dix minutes à pied de la gare du Nord (Eurostar et trains vers les aéroports), dans un quartier multiculturel animé.       L'appartement est refait à neuf et dispose de deux balconnet orientés plein sud, avec vue sur les toits et l'église Saint-Bernard. Le quartier de la Goutte d'Or est cosmopolite, à la croisée des quartiers indiens, africains et maghrébins. Les commerces sont nombreux et ouvrent tard. Le marché alimentaire de l'Olive est à cinq minutes à pied, de même que le petit quartier chinois. Montmartre n'est qu'à une quinzaine de minutes à pied, les puces de Saint-Ouen à vingt. Le logement est très bien connecté: station de métro La Chapelle (ligne 2) et Marx Dormoy (ligne 12). Le bus 65 va a la gare de Lyon et les gare du Nord et de l'Est sont accessibles à pied. Attention: l'appartement est situé au sixième étage sans ascenseur.
31382	Situé à 5 minutes à pied de la butte Montmartre, le logement est à proximité de tous les commerces. Nombreux restaurants et bars. Une vraie vie de quartier typique et chaleureux!	Appartement 2 pièces de 40m² au pied de la butte Montmartre (charmant quartier animé et de Jules Joffrin), tout commerce à moins de 5 min à pied, métro 12  et 4, Bus 60, 85, 95. L'appartement est très calme et spacieux pour 2 personnes. Situé à 5 minutes à pied de la butte Montmartre, le logement est à proximité de tous les commerces. Nombreux restaurants et bars. Une vraie vie de quartier typique et chaleureux! Accès à Internet sans fi (WIFI), TV, radio, machine à laver, four, frigo,... Les voyageurs sauront profiter de mes connaissances de Paris et des bons plans. Travaillant dans le domaine de l'histoire, de la culture et des musées, je serais ravi de vous faire partager ma passion pour cette ville et ses trésors patrimoniaux et artistiques! De même, si vous cherchez des sympas endroits où sortir, je peux vous être d'une bonne aide! Ouvert d'esprit et tolérant, aimant faire des rencontres de personnes du monde entier, gay friendly, n'hésitez pas! Quartier très vivant et animé. Toute
31383	Le design et l'équipement transforme cette appartement en un espace de confort et de bien être. 	This large studio over 40 m 2 very cosy lies at the foot of the Butte Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge and 15 min walk from the Department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette).  It is decorated with noble materials and equipment ar
31384	It is a quiet and pleasant area in a living and essential part of Paris.  Cosy, spacious, books and music have their place.	Nice flat of 2 rooms very near Montmartre. Large living room and large bedroom with storage. Very bright. Wooden floors and high ceilings. Kitchen, bathroom / wc and convenient storage. Ideal for a couple-parisian-stay ! It is a quiet and pleasant area in a living and essential part of Paris.  Cosy, spacious, books and music have their place. Montmartre, Canal Saint Martin, Moulin Rouge Small restaurants, friendly bars, markets. Train (Gare du Nord) Metro 2, 4, 12 Bus.
31385	This apartment is really nice and charming, with its red wall and numerous green plant, and oak floor.  There is a living room with an open kitchen with colourful wall and everything you need to cool something at the end of the day.  Then you have the bedroom with a bureau and a closing door. The bed is for two person, you would have a good sleep with the stars above!  Wifi is included	Our apartment is two step from Montmartre and Gare du Nord station, very handy to visit Paris. Very close from shops, nice bars, a market, a public park and transportation. Charming and cosy place for your stay! This apartment is really nice and charming, with its red wall and numerous green plant, and oak floor.  There is a living room with an open kitchen with colourful wall and everything you need to cool something at the end of the day.  Then you have the bedroom with a bureau and a closing door. The bed is for two person, you would have a good sleep with the stars above!  Wifi is included Everything in the apartment, including kitchen and bathroom of course! As much as possible, according to the fact that we are not staying in the apartment with guests. But if we could when we give the keys, it will be a pleasure. A very nice and cosmopolite neighborhood. Very changing since a few years, its becoming a very trendy part of Paris.  Nice bars around, the 104 cultural place is 2 mn aw
31386	Two rooms apartment with open outlook and a great view on the Sacré Coeur, located at 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.  The main room is equiped with a sofa bed to accomodate an additional guest. The 42in UHD TV screen is linked to a box with 100+ channels and Netflix account. High speed Wifi.  The open kitchen is brand new and is equiped with induction plate, a big fridge and freezer, a washing machine. For the cookers, KitchenAid, Nespresso and waffle iron are available. Besides, the coffee table can be converted to a 6 seats dining table. Bathroom with bathtub and rainshower. Independant WC. Located on line 12 and 4, in a multicultural neighbourhood, you are 15 minutes away from Chatelet or l'Ile de la Cité. I will be pleased to share my spots that make Paris a such wonderful city !	     Welcome in my  2 rooms apartment, with view of the Sacré Coeur church and close to Montmartre. With access to the metro within 1 minutes walk, come and enjoy Paris in a cosy atmosphere.       Two rooms apartment with open outlook and a great view on the Sacré Coeur, located at 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.  The main room is equiped with a sofa bed to accomodate an additional guest. The 42in UHD TV screen is linked to a box with 100+ channels and Netflix account. High speed Wifi.  The open kitchen is brand new and is equiped with induction plate, a big fridge and freezer, a washing machine. For the cookers, KitchenAid, Nespresso and waffle iron are available. Besides, the coffee table can be converted to a 6 seats dining table. Bathroom with bathtub and rainshower. Independant WC. Located on line 12 and 4, in a multicultural neighbourhood, you are 15 minutes away from Chatelet or l'Ile de la Cité. I will be pleased to share my spots that make Paris a such wonderful city !
31387	Appartement avec deux pièces disponibles plus une grande cuisine, une salle de bains et un WC.  Décoration pleine de caractère issue de brocante et de récupération. Sol brut qui donne un caché moderne et naturel. Cette présence de la matière rappelle les oeuvres de l'artiste céramiste qui habite ces lieux. 	Feel at home in this French traditional cozy and sunlit place, a short walk from Montmartre that has everything you need.  Comme à la maison, au pied de Montmartre, cet appartement plein de charme, fenêtres fleuries sur cour est très accueillant.  Appartement avec deux pièces disponibles plus une grande cuisine, une salle de bains et un WC.  Décoration pleine de caractère issue de brocante et de récupération. Sol brut qui donne un caché moderne et naturel. Cette présence de la matière rappelle les oeuvres de l'artiste céramiste qui habite ces lieux.  Vraie chambre au calme, très lumineuse avec deux fenêtres, des étagères, une petite commode à votre disposition, et une table de travail. Grande cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, frigidaire, congélateur, mircro-ondes, four... et tous les ustensiles nécessaires si l'envie de cuisiner vous prend. Grande salle de bain avec baignoire et pommeau de douche. WC séparés. PIèce à vivre avec coin salon et coin salle à manger. Accès au wifi. J'accueil
31388	Located on the 3rd floor without elevator, this beautiful studio is bright and quiet. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, refrigerator with integrated freezer; you will also find dishes, pots, cups and glasses. Dining bar for 2 people opposite the kitchen. - Bathroom with  shower, hair dryer, and wc. - Convertible sofa bed for 2 people.	In the heart of Montmartre, the rue Chappe is located between the famous Pigalle neighborhood (Moulin-Rouge) and Montmartre. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants, cafés, bars and small streets to explore. Located on the 3rd floor without elevator, this beautiful studio is bright and quiet. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, refrigerator with integrated freezer; you will also find dishes, pots, cups and glasses. Dining bar for 2 people opposite the kitchen. - Bathroom with  shower, hair dryer, and wc. - Convertible sofa bed for 2 people. For short term rentals (less than a month), towels and linens are provided. An efficient heating system ensures a steady and comfortable temperature in the apartment. WIFI internet access and TV included. Rental parking nearby. In the heart of Montmartre, the rue Chappe is located between the famous Pigalle neighborhood (Moulin-Rouge) and Montmartre. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants, cafés, bars and small streets to explore. From the st
31389	Petit  appartement très calme et zen (blanc) Très confortable et pratique Connexion internet	...entre Sacré Coeur / Montmartre et Goutte d'Or 35m2, cuisine, sdb baignoire, chambre lit 2 places, salon doubles vitrages 6ème étage sans ascenseur Métro L4 ou L2 Internet grille pain / blender / presse agrumes cuisinière gaz / machine  laver Petit  appartement très calme et zen (blanc) Très confortable et pratique Connexion internet I speak english Hablo une poquito espagnol Entre Montrmartre / Sacré Coeur et la Goutte d'Or, quartier africain Très accessible Ligne 4 et Ligne 2 du métro à 5 min de Gare du Nord
31390	"LUMINOUS APARTMENT BETWEEN MONTMARTRE & GARE DU NORD > Charming, very luminous, comfy and secure apartment, ideal for 3 people (family / couple & kid). - 90m2 - 2 bedrooms - double living room / dining room - fully equipped kitchen - bathroom + separated toilet > Popular and alive neighborhood - located at the very exit of the metro station - heart of Paris reachable in 20 minutes - supermarkets and ""Marché de l'Olive"" - specialized markets and restaurant (Indian and Chinese) - ""Centquatre"" : cultural & artistic space - 15 minutes from the canal and cinemas > Metro & Bus:  - At the exit of Marx Dormoy metro (L12) and Bus 60 & 65 - 7 minutes walk from La Chapelle (L2) - 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (L4, L5) > More info & pics available"	"LUMINOUS APARTMENT BETWEEN MONTMARTRE & GARE DU NORD > Charming, very luminous, comfy and secure apartment, ideal for 3 people (family / couple & kid). - 90m2 - 2 bedrooms - double living room / dining room - fully equipped kitchen - bathroom + separated toilet > Popular and alive neighborhood - located at the very exit of the metro station - heart of Paris reachable in 20 minutes - supermarkets and ""Marché de l'Olive"" - specialized markets and restaurant (Indian and Chinese) - ""Centquatre"" : cultural & artistic space - 15 minutes from the canal and cinemas > Metro & Bus:  - At the exit of Marx Dormoy metro (L12) and Bus 60 & 65 - 7 minutes walk from La Chapelle (L2) - 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (L4, L5) > More info & pics available"
31391	L'appartement est un studio de 18 m² bien équipé pour y vivre pendant un séjour de courte durée ou de plusieurs semaines. Il est composé d'une salle d'eau privée (Douche, lavabo, WC) avec un puits de lumière apportant clarté et luminosité. L'autre partie du studio est la pièce principale qui fait suite au couloir d'entrée.  La pièce principale est équipée de différents espaces bien distincts: - Un espace cuisine équipée: kitchenette, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, frigo, ustensiles et couverts. - Un espace bureau/loisirs: Internet Box ADSL, Décodeur TV, Télé, enceintes de musique de marque Bose, Bureau. - Un espace chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 place qui comprend un matelas de marque Dunlopillo très confortable et facile d'utilisation. Une table basse complète cet espace lorqu'on souhaite recevoir des invités. 3 fenêtres donnent sur la cour intérieure de la copropriété qui est très calme. L'immeuble est ancien et garde un charme authentique fidèle à l'esprit de Montmartre de l'époque	Bonjour, Je vis dans un appartement de type studio situé dans le quartier de Lamarck / Montmartre à Paris (18ème arrondissement). L'appartement est un studio de 20m² tout équipé (Salle de bain, toilettes, pièce principale avec kitchenette...) L'appartement est un studio de 18 m² bien équipé pour y vivre pendant un séjour de courte durée ou de plusieurs semaines. Il est composé d'une salle d'eau privée (Douche, lavabo, WC) avec un puits de lumière apportant clarté et luminosité. L'autre partie du studio est la pièce principale qui fait suite au couloir d'entrée.  La pièce principale est équipée de différents espaces bien distincts: - Un espace cuisine équipée: kitchenette, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, frigo, ustensiles et couverts. - Un espace bureau/loisirs: Internet Box ADSL, Décodeur TV, Télé, enceintes de musique de marque Bose, Bureau. - Un espace chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 place qui comprend un matelas de marque Dunlopillo très confortable et facile d'utilisation. Une table
31392	The apartment, a 40m2  cosy duplex is located in the north of Paris (18th arrondissement)  exactly in front of  the metro station Marx Dormoy, In the courtyard in a small co-property very quiet.  The apartment is located on the 3rd and last floor. At the bottom, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with WC and shower, and the main lounge room in which a small staircase allows access to the upper floor, and with a sofa bed for 2 people. Upstairs, there is a room,  an office or lounge area and a dressing room for storage . The apartment is also equipped with WIFI, TV, washing machine.  Also it's  exactly located 4 metro stations and 5 minutes from the metro station Abbesses (Montmartre and the Sacré coeur). It is very well served by transport metro (line 12, line 2) , many buses. Bicycles station. Also, a nything around for food, supermarkets,, a really nice market in a pedestrian area, with little bars and restaurants..	The apartment, a 40m2  cosy duplex is located in the north of Paris (18th arrondissement)  exactly in front of  the metro station Marx Dormoy, In the courtyard in a small co-property very quiet.  The apartment is located on the 3rd and last floor. At the bottom, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with WC and shower, and the main lounge room in which a small staircase allows access to the upper floor, and with a sofa bed for 2 people. Upstairs, there is a room,  an office or lounge area and a dressing room for storage . The apartment is also equipped with WIFI, TV, washing machine.  Also it's  exactly located 4 metro stations and 5 minutes from the metro station Abbesses (Montmartre and the Sacré coeur). It is very well served by transport metro (line 12, line 2) , many buses. Bicycles station. Also, a nything around for food, supermarkets,, a really nice market in a pedestrian area, with little bars and restaurants..
31393	3 pièces super sympa avec un grand salon/salle à manger en rotonde 2 chambre avec lits doubles Salle de bain avec baignoire WC séparés appartement entier les nombreux cafés, bar à vin, restaurant le marché du poteau le dimanche matin la montée de la butte Montmartre et ses petites rues pleines surprises ligne 12 métro Jules Joffrin Ligne 4 métro Simplon bus : (phone number hidden) appartement entier les nombreux cafés, bar à vin, restaurant le marché du poteau le dimanche matin la montée de la butte Montmartre et ses petites rues pleines surprises ligne 12 métro Jules Joffrin Ligne 4 métro Simplon bus : (phone number hidden)	3 pièces-65m2- 3e étage-Grand salon/salle à manger et 2 chambres-TRÈS lumineux-Quartier du Poteau très commerçant et dynamique au pied de la butte Montmartre-Très bien desservi (métro 12 et 4 +nbx bus)-TV/WIFI-SdB baignoire-lave vaisselle-WC séparés 3 pièces super sympa avec un grand salon/salle à manger en rotonde 2 chambre avec lits doubles Salle de bain avec baignoire WC séparés appartement entier les nombreux cafés, bar à vin, restaurant le marché du poteau le dimanche matin la montée de la butte Montmartre et ses petites rues pleines surprises ligne 12 métro Jules Joffrin Ligne 4 métro Simplon bus : (phone number hidden)
31394		Grand studio de 30 mètre carré au cœur de Paris, refait à neuf très récemment. À proximité des métros Stalingrad et Jaurès, du canal saint Martin et des Buttes Chaumont.  Le coin est très animés et jeune ! Le quartier est apprécié pour sa renaissance et sa popularité. Les voyageurs auront accès à un appartement propre et bien desservie !  Ce studio peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 voyageurs ( 2 peuvent coucher sur un canapé lit et le 3 eme sur un lit pliable a part ) Ce sera un plaisir de vous faire visiter le quartier et le coin sympa de Paris ! C'est un quartier vivant et animé A 5 minutes des métros Stalingrad et Jaurès
31395	L'appartement est idéalement situé, à 2 minutes du métro 12 (arrêt Marx Dormoy; cette ligne dessert notamment Montmartre (3 min) , Saint-Lazare (10 min), Concorde (15 min) Montparnasse (20 min)...) ; à 10 min à pied se trouvent également la ligne de métro 2 ainsi que Gare du  Nord ( RER B, E et D, métro lignes 4 et 5 ) ; Enfin, deux stations de vélib (vélos publics) sont à 2 minutes de l'appartement.   Les grandes baies vitrées de l'appartement laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière. La pièce à vivre est spacieuse avec sa cuisine ouverte sur le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Le lit double est très confortable (matelas de qualité) ; ainsi que le canapé qui se transforme en véritable lit pour deux personnes. La salle de bain contient une agréable baignoire équipée d'une douche. C'est un appartement de charme avec tomettes anciennes, bois et briques. 	A mi-chemin entre le canal de la Villette et Montmartre, cet ancien atelier d'artiste entièrement rénové vous permettra de vivre un séjour inoubliable dans un logement atypique. Idéal pour un couple (et deux enfants) à la recherche d'une authentique expérience parisienne ! L'appartement est idéalement situé, à 2 minutes du métro 12 (arrêt Marx Dormoy; cette ligne dessert notamment Montmartre (3 min) , Saint-Lazare (10 min), Concorde (15 min) Montparnasse (20 min)...) ; à 10 min à pied se trouvent également la ligne de métro 2 ainsi que Gare du  Nord ( RER B, E et D, métro lignes 4 et 5 ) ; Enfin, deux stations de vélib (vélos publics) sont à 2 minutes de l'appartement.   Les grandes baies vitrées de l'appartement laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière. La pièce à vivre est spacieuse avec sa cuisine ouverte sur le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Le lit double est très confortable (matelas de qualité) ; ainsi que le canapé qui se transforme en véritable lit pour deux personnes. L
31396	This bright and spacious apartment is located on a calm street and looks out onto a tree-lined square with flowers and a playground as well as the picturesque “église Saint-Bernard”. The apartment can sleep up to eight people in three bedrooms (two with 140-cm beds, one with a 120-cm bed). Additional sleep space is available on a pull-out couch in the living room or a single-sized futon. The living area is spacious with exposed wooden beams. The fully-equipped kitchen includes a dish-washer, an electric range, and an oven. The apartment is equipped with wireless internet and has a television as well. It is located in the 18th district near “Gare du Nord” (with multiple transportation possibilities in and outside of Paris) and metro stations with access to the center of Paris (lines 2, 4, 12, RER B and D). The charms of Montmartre (Sacré-Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre) are within a 15-minute walk, as well as numerous shops and markets, including the typically Parisian “Marché de l	This bright and spacious apartment is located on a calm street and looks out onto a tree-lined square with flowers and a playground as well as the picturesque “église Saint-Bernard”. The apartment can sleep up to eight people in three bedrooms (two with 140-cm beds, one with a 120-cm bed). Additional sleep space is available on a pull-out couch in the living room or a single-sized futon. The living area is spacious with exposed wooden beams. The fully-equipped kitchen includes a dish-washer, an electric range, and an oven. The apartment is equipped with wireless internet and has a television as well. It is located in the 18th district near “Gare du Nord” (with multiple transportation possibilities in and outside of Paris) and metro stations with access to the center of Paris (lines 2, 4, 12, RER B and D). The charms of Montmartre (Sacré-Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre) are within a 15-minute walk, as well as numerous shops and markets, including the typically Parisian “Marché de l
31397	This 2 room apartment located on the second floor is very well made and offers all the comforts for a short stay in the capital: clear, real hardwood floors, marble fireplaces. It is located in a dead calm. It is bathed in light. You will live in a chic and neat or object has been carefully chosen atmosphere. The kitchen is fully equipped and modern. 	Come and stay in a typical Parisian apartment in the trendy and stylish decor. Area: 40 m2, living room, nice separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen, parquet. all the comfort and charm at the foot of Montmartre. This 2 room apartment located on the second floor is very well made and offers all the comforts for a short stay in the capital: clear, real hardwood floors, marble fireplaces. It is located in a dead calm. It is bathed in light. You will live in a chic and neat or object has been carefully chosen atmosphere. The kitchen is fully equipped and modern.  It is located behind the Sacred Heart, a short walk from the statue of the past - the wall or on the footpath that leads directly to the sacred heart famous restaurant Le Lapin Agile.  The nearest metro station is 4 minutes; it is the Lamarck station on line 12 I am available by email or phone and I personally greets guests with an entrance in the premises.  Montmartre - Caulaincourt. Historic Quarter of Paris, 10 minutes from
31398		It's an really atypic apartment , with several spaces, You have several spaces, You'll feel like being in the countryside in the middle of Paris. You can join me. Just be kind and polite with them, if there is any problem, call me and I'll fixe it by myself. L12: ABBESSES (don't forget to take the elevator to get out, because it's the deepest station in Paris) L2: PIGALLE or BLANCHE
31399	Newly and entirely renovated, and decorated with personality. The building is very secure: building manager and video surveillance at the entrance.	Entirely renovated in 2013. 1 bed (140), 1 baby bed. Balcony. Metro Marx Dormoy, line 12 which leads to the Sacre Coeur, Madeleine, St Germain des Prés and Montparnasse. Hip neighborhood: 104 eco-Halle Pajol Little India ... Newly and entirely renovated, and decorated with personality. The building is very secure: building manager and video surveillance at the entrance. Everything We will not be present during the stay of our guests. But we will always be reachable. There is a caretaker in the building. The Pajol neighborhood is a new parisian spot to be discovered. At 50 meters from the building, you find the Halle Pajol: a 1920's industrial building reinvented. Its 3523m2 of photovoltaic panels makes it the biggest french urban solar building. An environmentally friendly architectural design, made of wood, positive energy. And inside the Halle, bars and large terraces on the square: Les Petites Gouttes, Bob's Bake Shop, etc. The Marché de l'Olive is a covered market, under a canopy a
31400	Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This Parisian loft of 38 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the top of the Duhesme street in the 18th arrondissement (100 meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt Sacred Heart), on the ground floor (1st floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 4 guests.  This apartment consists of a living room with mezzanine, a kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a toilette and it is fully equipped with: dishwasher, refrigerator, TV, Free internet access, , a stereo with spins vinyl disc. In the mezzanine bedroom you have a comfortable large bed 160 X 200, a large wooden furniture for Storage clothes and two modern bedside lamps. In the living room, it is furnishes a sofa modern leather bed, an extra foldable bed, coffee table, two wardrobes, an electric heater, an old coal stove (for decoration), a former boat lamp, a TV, a large cabinet with	Loft style in the Montmartre , located in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur,full of café bar, baker, french restaurants. It can host up to 4 guests. Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This Parisian loft of 38 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the top of the Duhesme street in the 18th arrondissement (100 meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt Sacred Heart), on the ground floor (1st floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 4 guests.  This apartment consists of a living room with mezzanine, a kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a toilette and it is fully equipped with: dishwasher, refrigerator, TV, Free internet access, , a stereo with spins vinyl disc. In the mezzanine bedroom you have a comfortable large bed 160 X 200, a large wooden furniture for Storage clothes and two moder
31401	It is a cute red nest of 20m2, groundfloor on patio with flowers and plants. You will enjoy having some rest, having a drink or smoking a cigarette in the patio: a table and two chairs at your disposal. Newly renovated, great comfort: tv with international cable channels, free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to many countries. Linen, towels, bath products + well equiped kitchen. Iron, hair-drier. Ideal for a couple (very romantic place) Possible to have a child in the studio (FUTON = Japanese mattress to be put on the floor) 	"In the very heart of Montmartre, of the Sacre-Coeur, near the Abbesses Metro and its Wall of the ""I Love You"", restaurants, bars and cabarets of Pigalle... a CUTE RED NEST, a very quiet place to be,  with an inside patio with flowers... It is a cute red nest of 20m2, groundfloor on patio with flowers and plants. You will enjoy having some rest, having a drink or smoking a cigarette in the patio: a table and two chairs at your disposal. Newly renovated, great comfort: tv with international cable channels, free wifi internet connection and unlimited free telephone calls to many countries. Linen, towels, bath products + well equiped kitchen. Iron, hair-drier. Ideal for a couple (very romantic place) Possible to have a child in the studio (FUTON = Japanese mattress to be put on the floor) Full apartment for the guests. Direct welcoming as far as possible. If not, full instructions given to reach easily the place and welcoming by phone. You will feel as living in a small village, or as ""at "
31402	A very charming, lovely, and convivial flat with space and a beautiful view 	Paris, in the 18th arrt, at Jules Joffrin Metro, in a lovely neighborhood with all facilities nearby. Fully equipped apt, calm and bright. 1 separate bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom. 6th floor. No elevator. Non Smoking, no pets allowed. A very charming, lovely, and convivial flat with space and a beautiful view  An access to all the appartment : bedroom, livingroom, bathroom and a kitchen with all the accomadations. WIFI access (website hidden) access included (no TV furnished) A lively neigborhood. All comodities nearby. 15 minutes walf from Montmarte and 20 minutes away from the center of paris by subway. Subway lines: 12 and 4. Bus line: (phone number hidden) and Montmartrobus Velib. I speak english and I'm here to help you organize your stay in PARIS
31403	Ce petit duplex cosy et pratique possède les commodités nécessaires pour poser ses valises quelques jours.  Une chambre à l'étage avec rangement peut accueillir 2 personnes dans un lit confortable.  Le salon possède un canapé lit 2 places. Un pièce supplémentaire peut être mise à disposition pour un lit bébé, matelas ou valise pour désencombrer les pièces....	Charmant 2 pièces à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre, à 3 minutes du métro à Simplon (ligne 4). Profitez d'un appartement calme et lumineux et facile d'accès. Ce petit duplex cosy et pratique possède les commodités nécessaires pour poser ses valises quelques jours.  Une chambre à l'étage avec rangement peut accueillir 2 personnes dans un lit confortable.  Le salon possède un canapé lit 2 places. Un pièce supplémentaire peut être mise à disposition pour un lit bébé, matelas ou valise pour désencombrer les pièces.... Vous pourrez vous rendre à Montmartre en découvrant le 18ème arrondissement et ses petites ruelles pour rejoindre le Sacré Coeur en 15 minutes. Vous serez à 3 minutes du métro Simplon. La ligne 4 traverse Paris et dessert les points stratégiques et touristiques de Paris.  Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, il permet de retrouver calme et luminosité pour se reposer entre 2 visites. Je peux donner de nombreux conseils sur les endroits à découvrir autant pour visiter que pour g
31404	Recently refurbished  by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 4st floor without an elevator of a Parisian building.  The building is safe with a building code,a lobby with an entry pass and a key for the door. Full equipped flat with kitchen, living room, bedroom with closet, a bathroom and separated WC.  The kitchen including : - microwave / fridge with a freezer / 2 hotplates / squeezer / blender / toaster / kettle / coffee machine. There are also everything to cook (cutlery,plates,glasses,cups,pans...) and also basics ingredients (oil,vinegar,salt,sugar...). The bathroom including : -  spacious shower with hot water 24h/24h / soap / hair-dryer. The WC are separated.    The flat including : - Washing machine  / flatiron / ironing board / wifi / TV / DVD player  You can also use the heating.	Charming apartment at the foot of Montmartre, south oriented.  Completely refurbished by an architect. 31m2 ,perfect for 2 persons. The flat is on the 4st floor with a living-room, a fitted kitchen,bedroom with closet, a bathroom and separated WC. Recently refurbished  by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 4st floor without an elevator of a Parisian building.  The building is safe with a building code,a lobby with an entry pass and a key for the door. Full equipped flat with kitchen, living room, bedroom with closet, a bathroom and separated WC.  The kitchen including : - microwave / fridge with a freezer / 2 hotplates / squeezer / blender / toaster / kettle / coffee machine. There are also everything to cook (cutlery,plates,glasses,cups,pans...) and also basics ingredients (oil,vinegar,salt,sugar...). The bathroom including : -  spacious shower with hot water 24h/24h / soap / hair-dryer. The WC are separated.    The flat including : - Washing machine  / flatiron /
31405	With a total area of 54m2, composed of a wide entrance, a double living room, a large bedroom and a bathroom with bath, this apartment offers all the comfort you need for a exceptional stay. Decorated in an arty-chic style, the place has a real sense of style, with oak flooring and a patio to enjoy your breakfast in the sun. The room has a bed of 160cm, a large HD TV and a view of a quiet courtyard. The kitchen, very bright, bring you all the necessary features for enjoyable culinary moments : large fridge, hob, oven, coffee maker, a toaster or a mixer are available. The living room is organized around two open rooms on each other, with a dining section and a lounge area with fireplace.	Enjoy an exceptional stay in a typically Parisian and standing apartment at the foot of the Saccré-Cœur. In the heart of Paris, enjoy the proximity to the shops, many restaurants and tourists attractions. With a total area of 54m2, composed of a wide entrance, a double living room, a large bedroom and a bathroom with bath, this apartment offers all the comfort you need for a exceptional stay. Decorated in an arty-chic style, the place has a real sense of style, with oak flooring and a patio to enjoy your breakfast in the sun. The room has a bed of 160cm, a large HD TV and a view of a quiet courtyard. The kitchen, very bright, bring you all the necessary features for enjoyable culinary moments : large fridge, hob, oven, coffee maker, a toaster or a mixer are available. The living room is organized around two open rooms on each other, with a dining section and a lounge area with fireplace. Travelers will have access to all the apartment. I am available for any questions and / or passenge
31406	The studio (1st floor with lift) has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped: -the living area has a convertible sofa that can sleep 2 and a confortable air mattress for 2 people (140X190) -the kitchen is equipped with brand new appliances (microwave, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, and boiler) and all necessary plates and cutlery -the bathroom has an Italian shower and a washing machine/dryer (an iron is in the closet if needed.) We provide towels and linen. There is also Wi-Fi throughout the flat. Hosts are free to use our books (both in English and French)	In the heart of Montmarte, this newly refurbished flat is ideal for couple to enjoy Paris romantic atmosphere. It is 2min away from restaurants, wine/cheese bars, shops and 5 min from Lamarck tube station. The studio (1st floor with lift) has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped: -the living area has a convertible sofa that can sleep 2 and a confortable air mattress for 2 people (140X190) -the kitchen is equipped with brand new appliances (microwave, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, and boiler) and all necessary plates and cutlery -the bathroom has an Italian shower and a washing machine/dryer (an iron is in the closet if needed.) We provide towels and linen. There is also Wi-Fi throughout the flat. Hosts are free to use our books (both in English and French) The Sacre-Coeur and the main touristic attractions are litterallly at a 5min walking distance. Montmartre has a character of its own and has a village athmosphere. I love walking around the cobbled streets. As I have been
31407	Le + sa terrasse donnant sur une cour arborée	2 pièces 43m2 à  Montmartre Cuisine toute équipée, écran TV chambre et salon, canapé convertible, bbq et wifi. La terrasse est le plus de cet appartement  Proche métro 3min de la 12 et 4 L'appart est à louer une semaine minimum Le + sa terrasse donnant sur une cour arborée 3min de la ligne 4 et 12   7min de la ligne 2. Près de montmatre et des abbesses, le quartier est très animé
31408		Charming Studio 17m2 in very good position. At 200 m from Sacrecoeur, at 500m from metro stations Abbesses/Pigalle ( line n° 12 ) and Anvers ( line n°2 ).  Perfect for a couple or single person want to stay in good location during 7 days around . Calm Neighborhood. Metro 12 Abbesses, Pigalle. Metro 2 Anvers.
31409	Moderne et lumineux, notre appartement est un confortable cocon idéal pour un couple. Le balcon donnant sur la petite église offre un espace de détente au calme et au soleil. Dans un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode, l'appartement est situé au cinquième étage avec ascenseur.  --- Our modern and bright apartment is the ideal nest for a couple. The balcony, with a view over the little church, is a relaxing, calm and sunny space. The building is safe and has code access. Our flat is on the fifth floor with an elevator.	Moderne et lumineux, notre appartement est un confortable cocon idéal pour un couple. À deux pas du coeur de Montmartre, vous serez à moins de 5 minutes du métro. Moderne et lumineux, notre appartement est un confortable cocon idéal pour un couple. Le balcon donnant sur la petite église offre un espace de détente au calme et au soleil. Dans un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode, l'appartement est situé au cinquième étage avec ascenseur.  --- Our modern and bright apartment is the ideal nest for a couple. The balcony, with a view over the little church, is a relaxing, calm and sunny space. The building is safe and has code access. Our flat is on the fifth floor with an elevator. Vous aurez l'accès privatif à tout l'appartement qui comprend une grande pièce à vivire avec cuisine ouverte donnant sur le petit balcon, une chambre privative et une belle salle-de-bain avec douche à l'italienne. Vous aurez à votre disposition: - draps - serviettes - wifi --- You will have private access to the wh
31410	Le logement est composé d'une entrée, d'un séjour avec coin repas et coin salon, une chambre avec 2 lits double, une cuisine séparée et une salle d'eau avec toilettes. 	Superbe appartement 2 pièces au pied de la butte Montmartre. Exposé plein sud, cet appartement est composé de 2 pièces avec une magnifique vue sur le Sacré Coeur. Le logement est composé d'une entrée, d'un séjour avec coin repas et coin salon, une chambre avec 2 lits double, une cuisine séparée et une salle d'eau avec toilettes. Le logement est entier. Echange par email ou par téléphone. Au pied de la butte Montmartre, l'appartement est situé dans la très commerçante rue du Poteau. Vous y trouverez nombre de commerces, brasseries et restaurants tout au long de la journée. La place du Tertre et le Sacré Coeur sont situés à 5 minutes à pied. Métro et bus au pied de l'appartement.
31411		few minutes walk from montmartre, beautiful flat of 3 rooms (4 adults beds and one baby bed), big bathroom, very calm, well deserved by several subways stations quartier vivant, familial et commerçant marché ornano à proximité trois fois par semaine
31412	"The apartment is located close to ""Porte de Clignancourt"" on the 5th floor of an old French building with a coded entry but without lift.  The living room is bright and calm, all the windows are facing courtyard. There is 2 little bedrooms : One with a double Bed for a couple, the other one with 2 single beds. There is storage space in each bedroom. And both of them are very quiet. Recently we add a sofa bed in the living room to give more sleeping possibility but the apartment is for 4 persons.  There is a baby bed available too. There is a little kitchen well equipped and a very little bathroom refurbished. The Borough is popular and animated,there is a minimarket in front of the building,  Pharmacy, tobacco shop, bakeries, restaurants and fast food (Japanese, chinese, Mac donalds, KFC, african, turkish)are 2 minutes walk and open late. There is a playground for children 100 feet from the apartment. there is a direct line to center of paris: - 15 minutes walk to Montmartre - 6 minute"	"Nice Parisian Flat for 4 persons. 5 minutes from the Flea Market of St Ouen and 5 minutes from the typically parisian borough of Poteau/ Mairie du 18 where you could find grocery, cheese shops, wine shops, bakeries, and take away food, a small market The apartment is located close to ""Porte de Clignancourt"" on the 5th floor of an old French building with a coded entry but without lift.  The living room is bright and calm, all the windows are facing courtyard. There is 2 little bedrooms : One with a double Bed for a couple, the other one with 2 single beds. There is storage space in each bedroom. And both of them are very quiet. Recently we add a sofa bed in the living room to give more sleeping possibility but the apartment is for 4 persons.  There is a baby bed available too. There is a little kitchen well equipped and a very little bathroom refurbished. The Borough is popular and animated,there is a minimarket in front of the building,  Pharmacy, tobacco shop, bakeries, restaurants a"
31413		This fourth floor apartment has a separate bedroom plus combined living room and dining area. There is no lift in this building. The decor has been done in a fashionable bohemian style and includes original artwork as well as copies. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Away from the busy throngs around Sacre-Coeur, the Abbesses area on the slopes of Montmartre is trendy but still proudly holds to its village life. In the evening, chic bars and cafes like Le Vrai Paris and La Fourmi are lively haunts of Parisian bobos (Bourgeois-boheme) taking in the scene. Come morning the locals reclaim the streets, to shop, have coffee and gossip. You can buy your breakfast from Le Grenier a Pain, bread suppliers to the rich and famous, or plan your day in a local cafe like Amelie's Deux Moulins on Rue Lepic. Abbesses still retains a feel of old Paris yet has some of the most individual boutiques, cafes and restaurant
31414		Set on a corner and facing south and south west, this third floor flat is flooded with light. There is no lift. White walls, chandeliers, mirrors and pale painted furniture combine to create an ambience of simple elegance, spaciousness and charm. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. This is the heart of Montmartre, nestled under the Butte - just turn out of the front door and within a minute you're at the foot of the Butte of Montmartre looking up at the extraordinary Sacre Coeur. Head further west and within minutes you are in the midst of the trendy Abbesses area, with its many bars and restaurants, as well as growing numbers of eclectic boutiques. his apartment is just around the corner from the famous grocery shop immortalized in the film 'Amelie'. The reason it is named the Queens Corner is because the street was originally called Rue Antoinette from 1840 to 1879, after the former French Queen. The 
31415		This charming penthouse nestled against the foot of Montmartre, with stunning views of the iconic Basilique du Sacre Coeur, affords visitors the height of charm and romance. Located on the seventh floor with lift. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. The environs of Montmartre with a View offer an invitation to contemplate and draw inspiration from the many artists who have gathered in Montmartre. These artists have constantly renewed the area's creative identity and bohemian feel. Montmartre with a View's location is the Paris visitor's dream: in the heart of the historic and quaint Montmartre quarter of Paris, it is a two minute walk to Amelie Poulin's metro, Lamarck-Caulaincourt (Line 12). The well known artist's square, Place de Tertre, is just up the hill, close enough to walk to and visit some of the 298 artists creating and selling their wares. For those desiring traditional Paris cabaret music an
31416	atypical duplex 2 floors  separate rooms on 2nd flood quite	perfectly adapted for a couple with a child   or a single couple Unresctricted view forward from main room bright place  quietness (view to inner courtyard) refurbished separate rooms: sleeping area, bathroom, kid's room well-equipped atypical duplex 2 floors  separate rooms on 2nd flood quite No smoking Free wifi Art books DVD CD reachable thru internet 1st floor, helpful neighbor (dutch), english and french speaker crossroads of  - Montmartre / Abbesses, 10 min far away to Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Moulin Galette - Pigalle, currently the most trendy neighborhood in Paris : great restaurant, shops, bars 2 min by walk to main subway lines (2 and 12)  All the necessary for baby (baby chair, change, bedlinen...)
31417	The apartment of 50m2/ 540ft2, fully refurbished two months ago, on the fifth floor of a typical Parisian building includes a large living room (wood floor, marble black fireplace, moldings) with two windows opened on the balcony, a nice bathroom in the a calm bedroom overlooking the courtyard, a large bed, a fully equipped kitchen. Towels, sheets, soap are included as well as everything for breakfast (tea, coffee, marmalade).	"The apartment of 50m2/ 540ft2, fully refurbished two months ago, on the fifth floor of a typical Parisian building includes a large living room (wood floor, marble black fireplace, moldings) with two windows opened on the balcony, a nice bathroom in the a calm bedroom overlooking the courtyard, a large bed, a fully equipped kitchen. Towels, sheets, soap are included as well as everything for breakfast (tea, coffee, marmalade). -	5 min. by foot from Montmartre area -	200 meters from Chateau-Rouge subway station, on the line 4, crossing Paris from North to South passing by 3 main train stations Gare du Nord (5 min. walk), Gare de l'Est and Gare Montparnasse and some of the most popular spots of the city: Chatelet-Les Halles, The Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame Cathedral at Saint-Michel or Saint-Germain des Près and its famous Café de Flore.  -	400 meters from Barbes Rochechouart given access to Pigalle district and its famous Moulin-Rouge and concert venues La Cigale and Le Trianon ("
31418	It is a very original flat designed by an architect on the fourth floor of an old building (please note that there is no elevator).  The flat is 441 feet downstairs and the attic is roughly 200 feet but not very high (5 frets 10 at the highest).  There is a large common room with lots of sun and a main bedroom. If you want to have more space in the daytime you can move the bed below the bathroom as you can see on the pictures. If you want to watch TV or travel with another couple, you can use the attic, where there is a double sofa-bed.	A flat with one bedroom and an attic right in Montmartre, near the Sacré Coeur in an quiet area. While you will be very close to the touristic area, you won't be annoyed by the noise and will be able to open the windows and the roof window. It is a very original flat designed by an architect on the fourth floor of an old building (please note that there is no elevator).  The flat is 441 feet downstairs and the attic is roughly 200 feet but not very high (5 frets 10 at the highest).  There is a large common room with lots of sun and a main bedroom. If you want to have more space in the daytime you can move the bed below the bathroom as you can see on the pictures. If you want to watch TV or travel with another couple, you can use the attic, where there is a double sofa-bed. The guests will be able to use the washing machine, the oven, the fridge and the TV. Access to Internet is provided.  I won't be around but I will be able to answer all your questions and my cleaning lady will be not
31419	"Recently renovated, this 48 sqm flat, located in the ""Goutte d'Or"" area, close to Montmartre, is very calm & cosy, ground floor with access to   a green court... Fully furnished, equipped. One double bed and one sofa bed in the living room. Huge Italian shower with canopy (natural light from the ceiling) "	"Close to Montmartre, recently renovated, 48sqm flat, calm & cosy, ground floor with access to a green court...  Recently renovated, this 48 sqm flat, located in the ""Goutte d'Or"" area, close to Montmartre, is very calm & cosy, ground floor with access to   a green court... Fully furnished, equipped. One double bed and one sofa bed in the living room. Huge Italian shower with canopy (natural light from the ceiling) Washing machine, dishwasher, internet, hoven, fridge...  Fell free to contact me for any further information Located in ""la Goutte d'Or"" area, 10 min walking to (the top of) Montmartre. Close to all conveniences: markets & supermarkets, cafés, Metro line 4 (Chateau rouge) and line 2 ( La Chapelle)  Metro 4 (Chateau Rouge) ou 2 (La Chapelle) "
31420		30m2 very sunny, spacious room for 2-3 people.  Near Gare du Nord (Eurostar), 20-30min. to most monuments and different areas in Paris by metro (2,5, 7, 12).
31421	This spacious 1 bedroom apartment has a privileged location, just walking distance to the Funiculaire of Sacreé Coeur and Montmartre. The bedroom has a double bed (160 X 200 cm) and a great sofa bed in the living room (also 160 X 200 cm). Comfortable for up to 4 guests. The bathroom has a bath tub and washbasin, separate W.C.  It has a nice patio for outdoor breakfast with access from the kitchen and bedroom.  Located on the ground floor of a building without elevator. Long term bookings welcome, maximum 3 months for up to 3 guests (additional 50 Euros electricity fee)	A very classic Parisian Appartement, just walking distance from Sacré Coeur and trendy Montmartre This spacious 1 bedroom apartment has a privileged location, just walking distance to the Funiculaire of Sacreé Coeur and Montmartre. The bedroom has a double bed (160 X 200 cm) and a great sofa bed in the living room (also 160 X 200 cm). Comfortable for up to 4 guests. The bathroom has a bath tub and washbasin, separate W.C.  It has a nice patio for outdoor breakfast with access from the kitchen and bedroom.  Located on the ground floor of a building without elevator. Long term bookings welcome, maximum 3 months for up to 3 guests (additional 50 Euros electricity fee) Guests have access to entire property, WiFi, Cable TV, washer, Fridge, induction cooktop, smoke extractor, electric kettle, bread toaster and microwave oven. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + H
31422	In the heart of Montmartre you will discover a charming cozy studio, located between neighbourhoods Pigalle and Abbesses . Located on the ground floor in the building of 19th centuary. The studio is 16m2. It comprises a lounge with a kitchen. In the lounge you will find a folding table with chairs, convertible sofa and built-in wardrobe. There are also LCD TV / microwave/coffee machine/kettle/toaster/fridge/ dishes/iron with an iron table/hair dryer. Nicely decorated bathroom includes shower cubicle, sink, toilet and a mirror. Please, be sure that you are close enough to your friend/partner because there is no real door in the bathroom, there is a curtaine. But for anycase there is another toilet in the building. Convertible sofa is provided with a comfortable mattress. The kitchen and the bathroom are modern. Cable TV, highspeed Wifi, International  callings are included in the price. Towels and linen are provided. This apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all	Nicely decorated cozy studio in the hart of the most romantic place of Paris - Montmartre. 5 min walk to the metro station Abbesses on the calm street rue Berthe. Only 300 metres far from The Basilique of the Sacré Coeur. In the heart of Montmartre you will discover a charming cozy studio, located between neighbourhoods Pigalle and Abbesses . Located on the ground floor in the building of 19th centuary. The studio is 16m2. It comprises a lounge with a kitchen. In the lounge you will find a folding table with chairs, convertible sofa and built-in wardrobe. There are also LCD TV / microwave/coffee machine/kettle/toaster/fridge/ dishes/iron with an iron table/hair dryer. Nicely decorated bathroom includes shower cubicle, sink, toilet and a mirror. Please, be sure that you are close enough to your friend/partner because there is no real door in the bathroom, there is a curtaine. But for anycase there is another toilet in the building. Convertible sofa is provided with a comfortable mattres
31423	Quiet and cozy flat, relaxing space in Montmartre.	"Nice bedroom in a beautiful quiet 50 sqm flat. Living room, kitchen, bathroom, 2 bedrooms (one for me and one for airbnb). Very close to ""Café des 2 Moulins"" and Moulin Rouge ; in one of the best streets in Montmartre. CLEAN PEOPLE ONLY ! Quiet and cozy flat, relaxing space in Montmartre. One bedroom for the guest, Living room, kitchen, bathroom. I will usually be in the flat as i work from home as well. I can give you touristic advise, i was working in Hotels before ! Great neighborhood, with the famous street ""rue Lepic"". But the flat is relaxing (windows on a very quiet court). Very close to Metro station ""Blanche"" (in front of Moulin Rouge)."
31424	"Located in the legendary bohemian neighborhood, the setting of ""la vie en rose"" and ""Amelie"" with the best bakery in Montmartre down the street.  In a beautiful street filled with wine and cheese shops, fine restaurants, designer and vintage stores, historical cafes and hip bars.  Minutes walk from the subway and the bus, the Dali Museum, Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge, etc.  The bus right outside the door takes you straight to the Opera, the Louvre, Saint Germain, and Montparnasse.  A  Non Smoking apartment ! A cozy completely renovated apartment where you'll be able to relax after a long day  visiting Paris,in a private court ground floor (no stairs,neither elevator,easy for your luggage :) 1 queen size bed, 1 leather coach/bed for two with a real comfortable mattress., large bathroom with an italian shower, fully equiped kitchen, dining area,little washer/dryer machine ( for light laundery:), a flat screen TV, wifi internet, hairdryer,iron and iron board.  Amenities includes complementar"	"quiet, cool, in a great area, with the best food shops and restaurants. No better place in Paris! Located in the legendary bohemian neighborhood, the setting of ""la vie en rose"" and ""Amelie"" with the best bakery in Montmartre down the street.  In a beautiful street filled with wine and cheese shops, fine restaurants, designer and vintage stores, historical cafes and hip bars.  Minutes walk from the subway and the bus, the Dali Museum, Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge, etc.  The bus right outside the door takes you straight to the Opera, the Louvre, Saint Germain, and Montparnasse.  A  Non Smoking apartment ! A cozy completely renovated apartment where you'll be able to relax after a long day  visiting Paris,in a private court ground floor (no stairs,neither elevator,easy for your luggage :) 1 queen size bed, 1 leather coach/bed for two with a real comfortable mattress., large bathroom with an italian shower, fully equiped kitchen, dining area,little washer/dryer machine ( for light laundery:)"
31425	Beautiful small apartment with a view to the sunny court. It consists of a living room, charming one double bedroom, one bathroom and a well-equipped kitchen.  Ideal for couples or small families, who wants to discover the quarter of Montmartre.	Beautiful apartment with a view to the sunny court. It consists of a living room, charming one double bedroom, one bathroom and a well-equipped kitchen.  Ideal for couples or small families, who wants to discover the quarter of Montmartre. Beautiful small apartment with a view to the sunny court. It consists of a living room, charming one double bedroom, one bathroom and a well-equipped kitchen.  Ideal for couples or small families, who wants to discover the quarter of Montmartre. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place
31426	charmant appartement de 40m2 se trouvant au 6ème étage SANS ASCENCEUR.  Décoration d'exception signée Regis-R Mètro arrêt Marx Dormoy, ligne 12 proche du Sacré coeur et de la Gare du Nord. L'appartement est simple, mais vous pourrez apprécier une belle vue sur Montmartre et la tour Eiffel.  Il y a une chambre avec un grand lit , une petite cuisine ouverte sur le salon, équipée avec un toaster, une gaziniere, frigo et une machine à laver.  Il y a une salle de bain avec toilettes et petite baignoire connection wifi ou ethernet incluse. L'endroit est calme car il y a peu de passage. Le quartier reste toutefois vivant. Commerces, restaurants à proximité Marché aux puces de clignancourt à deux stations de métro.  Bus n65 qui vous mènera à Bastille (gare du nord, gare de l'est, république) Assez proche du canal St Martin, comptez 10 minutes à pied.  caution demandée 300€ sera rendue au retour des clés N'hésitez pas a me contacter si vous avez des questions. Regis 	appartement de 40m2 se trouvant au 6ème étage sans ascenceur. vue dégagée sur Montmartre et la tour Eiffel décoration arty d'exception. charmant appartement de 40m2 se trouvant au 6ème étage SANS ASCENCEUR.  Décoration d'exception signée Regis-R Mètro arrêt Marx Dormoy, ligne 12 proche du Sacré coeur et de la Gare du Nord. L'appartement est simple, mais vous pourrez apprécier une belle vue sur Montmartre et la tour Eiffel.  Il y a une chambre avec un grand lit , une petite cuisine ouverte sur le salon, équipée avec un toaster, une gaziniere, frigo et une machine à laver.  Il y a une salle de bain avec toilettes et petite baignoire connection wifi ou ethernet incluse. L'endroit est calme car il y a peu de passage. Le quartier reste toutefois vivant. Commerces, restaurants à proximité Marché aux puces de clignancourt à deux stations de métro.  Bus n65 qui vous mènera à Bastille (gare du nord, gare de l'est, république) Assez proche du canal St Martin, comptez 10 minutes à pied.  caution 
31427		Come to enjoy the comfort of this charming parisian bright, charming and modern 2 bedroom apartment, with a professional kitchen & sound system. Perfect location to discover typical Parisian life. Very close to Montmartre and Pigalle metro station
31428	"The appartment is located in the heart of Montmartre. Not place du Tertre, but very close to the ""funicular"" which climb you to the basilique Sacré Coeur. Classified 2 ** by ""Gîtes de France"".The building is a Haussman type, build in 1904, classic glass and metal main entry door, close court, carpeted stairs, small elevator ( 62/84 cm ). The appartment is on 2sd floor with look inside a quiet court. Inside my apart, there is one bedroom, one living room with a small open-plan kitchen. A bath room with shower and a WC separated. Everything has been reniewed. Originally just for me, as secondary residence. Now, living in the south of France, I would'like share with you this lovely one. You could enjoy this apartment like a suite hotel room, the kitchen in addition! cleaning made at the end of your staying, or each 6 days if long staying, and of course all house-hold linen, sheet, towels, etc...at your convenience. For a staying of or more 7 days, you should have more house linen. Kitchen"	"One bedroom flat for 4 persons( 3 adults) ( one queen one canapé) in the heart of Montmartre, in a typical hausmanien building. Welcoming, central and very quiet, there is access to subways in 5mn, a lot of restaurants around and at the foot of the cathedral Sacré Coeur. The appartment is located in the heart of Montmartre. Not place du Tertre, but very close to the ""funicular"" which climb you to the basilique Sacré Coeur. Classified 2 ** by ""Gîtes de France"".The building is a Haussman type, build in 1904, classic glass and metal main entry door, close court, carpeted stairs, small elevator ( 62/84 cm ). The appartment is on 2sd floor with look inside a quiet court. Inside my apart, there is one bedroom, one living room with a small open-plan kitchen. A bath room with shower and a WC separated. Everything has been reniewed. Originally just for me, as secondary residence. Now, living in the south of France, I would'like share with you this lovely one. You could enjoy this apartment like"
31429	Très calme, décoration que j'ai ramené de mes voyages, un esprit simple et nature!!  Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec coquillages, un petit havre de tranquillité à Paris!!  	'If you are looking for an authentic stay in Paris, I have a homely two room apartment. A stone's throw away from the Montmarte Park, it is cosy and quiet, fully furnished, but with excellent and fast transport links into the city centre and all of t - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - Kettle - Hair dryer -  WIFI Internet  - washing machine (if you need) If you need good adresses I will be happy to help.  I like to travel, as a photographer I have been used to travel and to exchange with people from different  countries. I would be happy to exchange about the city, the neighborhood, or the culture and to meet if I have the time.  There is the best bakery near by, and I can recommend restaurant, café, shops, exhibition, place to visits..  15 min from the center, 2 différents metro lines, buses, bike (velib)... Easy to go everywhere... easy connection for airport and train station  
31430	The apartment has two bedrooms but can sleep 6 easily. The terrace on the front is about 11 meters long and has a table and chairs for dining alfresco or just taking in those lazy summer evenings with a chilled bottle of wine. There are two other terraces one of which is off the master bedroom with an outside shower for the brave of heart. The main downstairs is open plan. We have a huge designer sofa which can also double up as a bed. The Kitchen has all mod-cons including an expresso machine with capsules thrown in for free! The office is ideal for any serious business including a 17Mb fiber optic internet connection with WiFi available throughout the flat. There is also an HD 3D flat screen with English SKY television.	This is a luxury duplex with open plan living space on 5th floor and bedrooms on 6th. Big lift with security code gives you direct access to this great apartment.  Three terraces, one with shower. Master bedroom has en suite bathroom with Jacuzzi.. The apartment has two bedrooms but can sleep 6 easily. The terrace on the front is about 11 meters long and has a table and chairs for dining alfresco or just taking in those lazy summer evenings with a chilled bottle of wine. There are two other terraces one of which is off the master bedroom with an outside shower for the brave of heart. The main downstairs is open plan. We have a huge designer sofa which can also double up as a bed. The Kitchen has all mod-cons including an expresso machine with capsules thrown in for free! The office is ideal for any serious business including a 17Mb fiber optic internet connection with WiFi available throughout the flat. There is also an HD 3D flat screen with English SKY television. There is nowhere wh
31431	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask      ------------------------------      Welcome to our spacious, two bedroom apartment on Rue de Suez, Paris 18th arrondissement!    This 65 square metre apartment is on the second floor (no elevator/easy walk up). It is composed of:     -1 bedroom facing a courtyard (2 single beds) (1 below the other in the photos)     -1 bedroom facing the street (with noise insulation) (1 double bed)    - a separate bathroom with WC    -a separate kitchen    -a dining/sitting area.    The apartment was refurbished in 2014. It has a clean, contemporary style and plenty of storage space for your clothes and other belongings.    It is fully equipped and includes:    -WIFI/Cable ADSL internet access  -modern flat screen TV   - washer and dryer/dishwasher    -coffee maker/toaster.   The building and common areas (staircase, hall) are in good condition.   The flat is located on Rue de Suez, in a lively and mu	*The flat is 65sqm large *The total capacity is 4 guests *There are 2 bedrooms: one with a double bed and another with 2 single beds *The flat is on the 2nd floor (no elevator) *The flat is fully equipped Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask      ------------------------------      Welcome to our spacious, two bedroom apartment on Rue de Suez, Paris 18th arrondissement!    This 65 square metre apartment is on the second floor (no elevator/easy walk up). It is composed of:     -1 bedroom facing a courtyard (2 single beds) (1 below the other in the photos)     -1 bedroom facing the street (with noise insulation) (1 double bed)    - a separate bathroom with WC    -a separate kitchen    -a dining/sitting area.    The apartment was refurbished in 2014. It has a clean, contemporary style and plenty of storage space for your clothes and other belongings.    It is fully equipped and includes:    -WIFI/Cable ADSL internet access  -mode
31432	Brand new and fully equipped flat at the heart of Montmartre. . The apartment is designed so you wan relax in a  homey yet stylish atmosphere.  There is one bedroom with a cozy double bed and a comfy couch for two adults. Our sunny apartment is located in a residential yet very lively and hipster neighborhood of Paris. Public transport, bakeries, grocery shops, boutiques, a wide range of bars, french and world cuisine restaurants are within 2 minutes walking.  The flat amenities such the flat TV, kitchen equipment and other appliances are high tech.  Either you come to Paris for work or pleasure, I am confident you will enjoy your stay in a truly Parisian setting. 	Brand new and fully equipped flat at the heart of Montmartre. The apartment is designed so you wan relax in a  homey yet stylish atmosphere. The flat amenities such the flat TV and the kitchen equipment and other appliances are high tech.   Brand new and fully equipped flat at the heart of Montmartre. . The apartment is designed so you wan relax in a  homey yet stylish atmosphere.  There is one bedroom with a cozy double bed and a comfy couch for two adults. Our sunny apartment is located in a residential yet very lively and hipster neighborhood of Paris. Public transport, bakeries, grocery shops, boutiques, a wide range of bars, french and world cuisine restaurants are within 2 minutes walking.  The flat amenities such the flat TV, kitchen equipment and other appliances are high tech.  Either you come to Paris for work or pleasure, I am confident you will enjoy your stay in a truly Parisian setting.  Full access to all the amenities.  I will welcome you to Paris when you check-in at t
31433	Hello! We’re Julien and Younji the owners of this apartment. Our flat is at Montmartre, the artists’ quarter in Paris. It’s a charming 65m2 (700 sq feet) apartment on the first floor of a typical Parisian building. It’s vintage and modern chic style apartment.  It has two cozy bedroom and a living room with a convertible sofa. A kitchen all equipped and a bathroom (with a washing machine and a bathtub).   The view from the window overlooking the “Sacré Coeur” and the park. The flat is near of lovely little shops, restaurants and cafés. There are a large supermarket and boulangerie next to the flat.   Our apartment is ideal for families with children.	Our flat is at Montmartre, the artists’ quarter in Paris. It’s a charming 65m2 (700 sq feet) apartment on the first floor of a typical Parisian building.  Hello! We’re Julien and Younji the owners of this apartment. Our flat is at Montmartre, the artists’ quarter in Paris. It’s a charming 65m2 (700 sq feet) apartment on the first floor of a typical Parisian building. It’s vintage and modern chic style apartment.  It has two cozy bedroom and a living room with a convertible sofa. A kitchen all equipped and a bathroom (with a washing machine and a bathtub).   The view from the window overlooking the “Sacré Coeur” and the park. The flat is near of lovely little shops, restaurants and cafés. There are a large supermarket and boulangerie next to the flat.   Our apartment is ideal for families with children. This apartment offers:  - Wifi  - Big LCD TV in the living room (with video games) - Two big beds and a convertible sofa - Oven, fridge, hob and all equipment for cooking   - Bath  - Was
31434	We live in a unique charming apartment in the heart of the Abbesses in Montmartre.  The apartment is very comfortable with large screen TV, fully equipped kitchen, internet, central heating ...  The area is very pleasant with lots of restaurant, bar, shops, very busy but totally secure.  Bus and subway near you take directly and quickly to all known tourist destinations: Department Stores (10min), Opéra de Paris (15 min) Champs Elysees (15min), Eiffel Tower (30 min) ect ..	"        In the heart of Montmartre near the street ""Abbesses"", charming & typical apartment.(55m2) Beside the Sacré cœur, the Moulin Rouge and The Amelie Poulain's coffee!       We live in a unique charming apartment in the heart of the Abbesses in Montmartre.  The apartment is very comfortable with large screen TV, fully equipped kitchen, internet, central heating ...  The area is very pleasant with lots of restaurant, bar, shops, very busy but totally secure.  Bus and subway near you take directly and quickly to all known tourist destinations: Department Stores (10min), Opéra de Paris (15 min) Champs Elysees (15min), Eiffel Tower (30 min) ect .. Washer / Dryer  Iron Lively neighborhood, or Impressionist painters lived, as Monnet, Toulouse Lautrec ..... But as Dali, Picasso .... This is a nice quatrier to walk in the small streets full of charm. From the airport to the apartment, take the Train RER B towards Paris, then to ""La chapelle"" take the subway Line 2 towards ""Porte Dauphine"" "
31435		Appartement de 33 m2 avec chambre. Il est lumineux et sur cour. Il se situe dans le 18ème arrondissement et à quelques stations de métro de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur. Le quartier est vivant, cosmopolite et de nombreux commerces sont à proximité. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble des pièces du logement. Il y a également la possibilité de transformer le canapé du salon en lit double. C'est un quartier cosmopolite où différentes cultures se mélangent. On peut manger indien ou encore chinois et thaïlandais. Il se situe à 5 min à pied du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12 du métro) qui est le plus proche.
31436		Parisien flat with two rooms, well located between les Batignolles, Place de Clichy and Montmartre only at 15 minutes walking. Located in a charming It is really well located with two lines of metro crossing Paris right in Place de Clichy. A lot of bus station are there if you prefer travel by.
31437	Bienvenue chez nous. Nous vous proposons de poser vos valises dans notre petit cocon le temps de votre voyage à Paris. L'appartement fait 65 m2, dispose d'une chambre parentale et d'une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple et lit parapluie. Nous y vivons toute l'année, il dispose donc de tous les équipements nécessaire pour une famille. En cas de voyageur supplémentaire, le canapé du salon fait office de lit une place très confortable.  	Bienvenue chez nous. Appartement familial quartier Jules Joffrin. 2 chambres, balcon vue sur le sacré coeur, rue calme dans un quartier animé et recherché. Propreté et confort garantis.  Bienvenue chez nous. Nous vous proposons de poser vos valises dans notre petit cocon le temps de votre voyage à Paris. L'appartement fait 65 m2, dispose d'une chambre parentale et d'une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple et lit parapluie. Nous y vivons toute l'année, il dispose donc de tous les équipements nécessaire pour une famille. En cas de voyageur supplémentaire, le canapé du salon fait office de lit une place très confortable.  Appartement entier. Nous ne serons pas à Paris pendant votre séjour mais une personne sur place sera au rendez-vous pour vous faire visiter l'appartement et vous remettre les clés. Le quartier est très sympa, avec la rue du Poteau à 1 minute et ses petites épiceries et marchés.  À 15 minutes à Pied du sacré coeur.  Marché rue Ordener deux fois par semaine, vendredi et di
31438	Appartement 4 lits à 2 escaliers du Sacré-Coeur, idéal pour une famille. Déco zen, piano, et un gentil chat. 10 euros de réduction par jour si vous vous occupez d'elle et arrosez les plantes. 	First floor flat, very next to Sacré-Coeur. One double bed in the bedroom/living room. One single bed + another one in the kids room.  Zen decoration, piano, and a nice cat (10 euros/day offered if you take care of her and water the plants). Everywhere :) In july, i stay in France so you can keep in touch with me by phone. In august, a neighbourg will be able to help you if you need. Montmartre is well known to be just paradise : you can get everything you need, anytime you want :) Visits, beautiful walks, restaurants, shops..i would suggest a walk in Montmartre by stairs (we (email hidden) to famous Sacré-Coeur Church), then La Place du Tertre, Abbesses.... As a touristic place, every shops are opened on sundays (some of them close on mondays). Metro : Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line12) : direct from GARE MONTPARNASSE Château Rouge (line 4) : direct from GARE du NORD or GARE de l'EST 85 bus line that drops you direct to Louvre Museum for example. Take care of the cat, water the plants whil
31439	"This sunny beautiful apartment has an entrance, fully equipped kitchen, a large bedroom and a living room containing a confortable sofa bed and a dining area as well as a bathroom. Warning: the building has ""NO LIFT"" therefore it is recommended for young athletes who travel light!"	"On the 5th floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building, this cosi flat is only 10' walking from Sacre cœur. It has the pIrivilege of being in the heart of the residential district of Montmartre. Facing south, it's sunny and has a large balcony. This sunny beautiful apartment has an entrance, fully equipped kitchen, a large bedroom and a living room containing a confortable sofa bed and a dining area as well as a bathroom. Warning: the building has ""NO LIFT"" therefore it is recommended for young athletes who travel light! This fully equipped apartment is the ideal place for you to have a good time after a day of ""sightseeing."" We will be available before your stay for any information. 50m from Lamarck-Caulaincourt Metro station, you have the peace of a residential neighborhood being only 10-15min walking from sacre-cœur. M ° Lamarck-Caulaincourt, line 12 Bus 95 and 80."
31440		LOCATION CANAPE DANS LE SALON dans un appartement 2 pièces de 30m² dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. 15min à pieds de la Gare du Nord 5 lignes de métro à moins de 15min a pieds
31441	Appartement plein de charme, avec de jolis carreaux au sol. 48 m2, en rez de chaussée, idéal pour un couple ou trois amis (la canapé est convertible). La chambre donne sur une petite cour parfaite pour profiter des beaux jours. Salle de bain et WC séparés.  L'appartement possède toutes les fonctionnalités requises pour accueillir des gens désireux de découvrir cette belle ville. Localisation et transports : l'appartement se trouve au coeur du 18ème arrondissement, à quelques pas de la station Simplon sur la ligne 4 et de Jules Joffrin sur la ligne 12. Station Vélib. De nombreux petits bars et restaurants aux alentours. Idéal pour arpenter le Paris bohème de Montmartre et les quartiers populaires des puces de Saint Ouen.	Appartement plein de charme, avec de jolis carreaux au sol. 48 m2, en rez de chaussée, idéal pour un couple ou trois amis (la canapé est convertible). La chambre donne sur une petite cour parfaite pour profiter des beaux jours. Salle de bain et WC séparés.  L'appartement possède toutes les fonctionnalités requises pour accueillir des gens désireux de découvrir cette belle ville. Localisation et transports : l'appartement se trouve au coeur du 18ème arrondissement, à quelques pas de la station Simplon sur la ligne 4 et de Jules Joffrin sur la ligne 12. Station Vélib. De nombreux petits bars et restaurants aux alentours. Idéal pour arpenter le Paris bohème de Montmartre et les quartiers populaires des puces de Saint Ouen.
31442	la vue sur le sacré coeur est a ne pas rater :) les poutres apparentes créent une atmosphère chaleureuse	la vue sur le sacré coeur est a ne pas rater :) les poutres apparentes créent une atmosphère chaleureuse j'aime échanger les bonnes adresses du quartier où manger où danser  ainsi que donner les détails techniques essentiels pour bien profiter de paris ( transports , tarifs ...) un quartier magique et calme, un havre de paix au coeur du tumulte parisien L2 anvers - funicuaire de Montmartre  L12 abbesses remontez la rue ravignan L12 abbesses + monmartrobus station Norvins place du tertre  merci de penser au 20 euros supplémentaires pour le linge de maison 
31443	Lively area. Nice and modern appartment. Balcony. Street Market available at walking distance. Numerous parisian bars and restaurants. Sacré Coeur at only 2 Tube stops away. Numerous buses Prices negociable for 1-week stays or longer 	    Charming 1-bedroom flat with a balcony, lively area, near the Sacré Coeur. Very good connections with public transports. Double-bed with an additional  sleeping couh in the living room for 2 people. Near to Pigalle & Sacré Coeur    Lively area. Nice and modern appartment. Balcony. Street Market available at walking distance. Numerous parisian bars and restaurants. Sacré Coeur at only 2 Tube stops away. Numerous buses Prices negociable for 1-week stays or longer All rooms. Breakfats (tea, coffe...) Bedsheets and towels Metro 12 : Jules Joffrin Métro 4 : Porte de Clignancourt Numerous buses
31444	Notre appartement familial est spacieux et confortable, il est  idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris !	This family apartment with exposed brick fireplace, is a convenient place to visit Paris. 3 metro stations, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est are less than 10 minutes! Enjoy the kitchen, bath and shower. Notre appartement familial est spacieux et confortable, il est  idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris ! Vous aurez accès aux deux chambres (parentale et enfants), il y a même un coin bébé pour le change et son lit à barreaux. Je vous accueille chez moi et je vous explique les fonctionnalités de la maison pour en profiter au mieux. Bien entendu, un jeux de clés vous sera remis. Notre quartier est un lieu atypique, multiculturel et touristique. Il est vivant, avec une boulangerie et un hypermarché ouverts jusqu'à 22h et une pharmacie jusqu'à 2h du matin! A moins de 30 mètres , vous avez ligne 4 direct pour Le Louvre, St Germain des Prés, Châtelet. A plus de 300 mètres, il y a la ligne 2 direct pour les Champs Elysées! et bien sûre la ligne 12 dans le sens opposé pour faire du shopping à St Laz
31445	Space and comfort	Charming place in Paris Montmartre ! Authentic Haussmann architecture building with all modern confort and design. Large 57m² flat with double living room (31m²), one bedroom (comfortable double bed) and a small room (no bed) 4th floor (no lift) Space and comfort Full access Familial area with many wine bars & restaurants, shops, groceries, market 3 mn walking from Lamrack-Caulaincourt station Velib station in front of the buiding
31446	In the center of Montmartre, a district known for its many artists, rue Chappe leads up from rue Tardieu and rue des 3 Frères to the Sacré-Coeur church. Number 12 is an exclusive address that is publicized primarily by word of mouth. This luxury guest house opens on to a totally private, lush garden, renovated in a contemporary style, providing a refuge for discriminating travelers. The house’s mix of both elegant design and genuine antique furnishings creates a unique style of luxury. At le Jardin de Montmartre, you will find an artsy, cozy, glomorous and yet comfortable atmosphere to make your stay in Paris unforgettable…. A very chic place with elevator ! 	In the center of Montmartre, a district known for its many artists, rue Chappe leads up from rue Tardieu and rue des 3 Frères to the Sacré-Coeur church. Number 12 is an exclusive address that is publicized primarily by word of mouth. This luxury guest house opens on to a totally private, lush garden, renovated in a contemporary style, providing a refuge for discriminating travelers. The house’s mix of both elegant design and genuine antique furnishings creates a unique style of luxury. At le Jardin de Montmartre, you will find an artsy, cozy, glomorous and yet comfortable atmosphere to make your stay in Paris unforgettable…. A very chic place with elevator ! Each of our rooms is equipped with private bath and toilet and a large bed with comfortable mattresss. For business or pleasure, for a long stay or short stay, Le Jardin de Montmartre offers you a very comfortable atmosphere and a welcom which is warm and personalized with complete respect for your privacy and needs.
31447		Charmant deux pièces de 30 m2 au métro Lamarck Caulaincourt (situé devant la sortie de métro). Le quartier est rempli de cafés, commerçants, restaurants, bars! L'appartement est situé à 10 minutes à pied du Sacré coeur et de montmartre !
31448		This is a real 'Parisian', vibrant street, but once you get back home to the cosy apartment you'll find how quiet and peaceful living on top floor is (with an elevator) well insulated, if desired, by double-curtained, double-glass windows. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. The cobble street corner of rue des Martyrs and rue des Abbesses is right in the centre of one of the most vivacious parts of Paris. Rue des Martyrs and the neighbouring streets have housed many famous artists such as Toulouse-Lautrec, Renoir, Moreau and more. Today, it is still a busy area for art dealers and collectors. This area has many different styles and moods. We feel that ours is that of the calmer, old style Montmartre. You could easily spend your whole vacation within a 5 minutes' walk in any direction from the apartment: the Basilique du Sacre Coeur, the Dali Museum, theatres, night clubs, a tremendous variety of fresh f
31449	Cet appartement est assez atypique de part son volume : belle hauteur sous plafond et poutres en bois apparentes en font un lieu convivial et reposant. Situé au dernier étage et orienté plein est, il est particulièrement lumineux le matin.	Ce grand studio est très calme, confortable, tout équipé et situé au pied de Montmartre. L'espace chambre est en mezzanine, grâce à l'importante hauteur sous plafond du lieu. Situé au dernier étage, cet appartement peut accueillir deux personnes.
31450	Our flat has been entirely renovated last year. It is really clean.  It is South facing so you have a beautiful light every single hour of the day. From the living room you have absolutely no vis à vis : you have a view on a small park, and of course the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). The raw oak parquet at your feet is beautiful and warm so you can walk barefoot in all the flat! The pleasant open kitchen with a bar and the cosy living room (with a brand new sofa) will offer you all comfort you could need after a long day walk in Paris. You have one room with a big double bed, and the sofa can be open in a double bed.	Lovely flat located at 20 minutes by foot from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, 10 minutes from the Puces de Saint Ouen flea Market, 3 minutes from la Recyclerie ! 5th floor with elevator. Our flat has been entirely renovated last year. It is really clean.  It is South facing so you have a beautiful light every single hour of the day. From the living room you have absolutely no vis à vis : you have a view on a small park, and of course the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). The raw oak parquet at your feet is beautiful and warm so you can walk barefoot in all the flat! The pleasant open kitchen with a bar and the cosy living room (with a brand new sofa) will offer you all comfort you could need after a long day walk in Paris. You have one room with a big double bed, and the sofa can be open in a double bed. Entrance, living room, open kitchen with bar, one bedroom, the bathroom and the separate WC. You have access to our big library full of comics, art and graphic design books. The flat is locat
31451	モンマルトルから徒歩5分圏内という立地ですが、アパートはとてもモダンで、リゾートにいる様なリラックスした休日をお過ごしいただけます。 大きなベットとソファーベットがありますので、学生旅行、家族連れにも最適です。	Big studio (32 sqm) with great balcony facing calm courtyard. Very lightful. Lift, equiped kitchen, bathtub and storage.  Subways lines 4 and 12. Be very welcome! Very close to both subway lines 4 and 12. Several bus lines nearby as well.
31452	Spacious and quiet apartment in beautiful Parisian building, close to Montmartre and the Batignolles. Ideal for a family or friends: 1 large bedroom with a queen size bed 160x200, large living-dining room (sofa bed can act for a child), kitchen, bathroom with shower, fireplaces in the living room furniture and design melant old parquet. double glazed windows throughout the apartment. Comfort equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer Internet. Bed linen, dishes, table linen. Towels are provided as well. You will be comfortably installed in a spacious location, away from the noise of traffic and at the same time you can enjoy a lively and transport links to the main tourist places.	Spacious and quiet apartment in beautiful Parisian building, close to Montmartre and the Batignolles. Spacious and quiet apartment in beautiful Parisian building, close to Montmartre and the Batignolles. Ideal for a family or friends: 1 large bedroom with a queen size bed 160x200, large living-dining room (sofa bed can act for a child), kitchen, bathroom with shower, fireplaces in the living room furniture and design melant old parquet. double glazed windows throughout the apartment. Comfort equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer Internet. Bed linen, dishes, table linen. Towels are provided as well. You will be comfortably installed in a spacious location, away from the noise of traffic and at the same time you can enjoy a lively and transport links to the main tourist places. Served by 6 bus lines, 3 nearby metro stations (Jules Joffrin - guy moquet - The fork) In the area: daily market, shops open late, several restaurants (French and international c
31453	Rue des portes blanches, 20 meters from Metro Marcadet-poissonieres, tube line number 12 et 4  The apartement is located in an animate, popular and a bit turistic area of Paris.  15min walking distance from the Sacre Cœur, one of the most famous point of interest in Paris from which you will have a remarkable view of the French Capital. All kinds of shops are close to the apartment, besides you could even take advantage of the close and unique flea Market situated at tube stop Porte de Clignancourt.  Furnished apartment of 32m2, third floor no lift but easily accessible even with luggages.  Exposed South ( living room), North ( Kitchen),  luminous, individual heating gas, double glazed windows, parquet.  Kitchen fully equipped: dishwasher, fridge, owen, toaster, kettle, juicer, kitchen accessories.  Flat screen tv 32' (81 cm)  WI FI The apartment is equipped with all linens (sheets, towels..). Bed: king size Double bed settee (see picture)   450€ / week   1500€/ month.  Possibile disco	Rue des portes blanches, 20 meters from Metro Marcadet-poissonieres, tube line number 12 et 4  The apartement is located in an animate, popular and a bit turistic area of Paris.  15min walking distance from the Sacre Cœur, one of the most famous point of interest in Paris from which you will have a remarkable view of the French Capital. All kinds of shops are close to the apartment, besides you could even take advantage of the close and unique flea Market situated at tube stop Porte de Clignancourt.  Furnished apartment of 32m2, third floor no lift but easily accessible even with luggages.  Exposed South ( living room), North ( Kitchen),  luminous, individual heating gas, double glazed windows, parquet.  Kitchen fully equipped: dishwasher, fridge, owen, toaster, kettle, juicer, kitchen accessories.  Flat screen tv 32' (81 cm)  WI FI The apartment is equipped with all linens (sheets, towels..). Bed: king size Double bed settee (see picture)   450€ / week   1500€/ month.  Possibile disco
31454	A fully renovated, stylish and spacious apartment with a small bedroom and large living space and kitchen with lots of natural light. The flat can comfortably house 2 people, with the possibility of a third person. Modern kitchen, with a large oven, washing machine for laundry. Bathroom and toilet are separate for the convenience of multiple guests. Very safe and quiet (access through 2 doors with digicodes and an armoured door). Very convenient for transport, with the Guy Moquet station on metro line 13 right next to the front door.	A charming, comfortable and fully renovated 1-bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian building hosts  2 (or up to 3) people and provides the perfect base for exploring the nearby Montmartre as well as the up-and-coming Batignolles. A fully renovated, stylish and spacious apartment with a small bedroom and large living space and kitchen with lots of natural light. The flat can comfortably house 2 people, with the possibility of a third person. Modern kitchen, with a large oven, washing machine for laundry. Bathroom and toilet are separate for the convenience of multiple guests. Very safe and quiet (access through 2 doors with digicodes and an armoured door). Very convenient for transport, with the Guy Moquet station on metro line 13 right next to the front door. Guests will have access to the full apartment during their stay. An outdoor market, several grocery stores, services and bars are located within a 5 minute walking distance. The Parc Martin Luther King and the Square des Batigno
31455	A 47m² recently renovated flat in a tipical parisian building.  A double room and a large living room with a separated kitchen. Capacity for 4 persons (with a convertible in the living room). The place is well connected to the metros and trains (5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord train station). Very close to Saint Martin's Canal or Montmartre. French / English / Spanish Speaking for enquiries	A 47m² recently renovated flat in a tipical parisian building.  A double room and a large living room with a separated kitchen. Capacity for 4 persons (with a convertible in the living room). The place is well connected to the metros and trains (5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord train station). Very close to Saint Martin's Canal or Montmartre. French / English / Spanish Speaking for enquiries
31456	Décoration de salle de bain est original, faite par notre soin artistique ainsi que la pièce principale dont l'espace, le charme et le confort va vous enchanter. Accès à la cours fleuri de batîment.	Enjoy your trip with this confortable apartment, with table, armchair, sofa, fridge, dish-washer, toaster, and an bed area, Wi-Fi included Vast bathroom with lovely sea patter, bathtub, washing machine, hair-dryer and an large mirror.
31457	"Big Flat of 70 M2  in a new building juste near ""Les Puces"", 7 minutes walking from Montmatre. 1 minute walking from ""Porte de Clignancourt"" station (Line 4), 10 minutes walking from ""Jules Joffrin"" station (Line 12). 2 bedrooms with double bed, a big living/ dining room with a convertible sofa (for two people). Bathroom with bath and separate washroom. A bed for a baby, Internet Wifi, TV, possibility to get a parking in the building (optionnal). 3rd floor with elevator, big balcony with clear view. Equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave oven, whashing machine, wash dishes, cooking in the gas. This flat is perfect for a couple with 2 children and a baby or 2 couples for visiting Paris and live like a Parisian . A lot of stores food, market just near the building."	"Big Flat of 70 M2  in a new building juste near ""Les Puces"", 7 minutes walking from Montmatre. 1 minute walking from ""Porte de Clignancourt"" station (Line 4), 10 minutes walking from ""Jules Joffrin"" station (Line 12). 2 bedrooms with double bed, a big living/ dining room with a convertible sofa (for two people). Bathroom with bath and separate washroom. A bed for a baby, Internet Wifi, TV, possibility to get a parking in the building (optionnal). 3rd floor with elevator, big balcony with clear view. Equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave oven, whashing machine, wash dishes, cooking in the gas. This flat is perfect for a couple with 2 children and a baby or 2 couples for visiting Paris and live like a Parisian . A lot of stores food, market just near the building."
31458	(As we are sharing the place, that will be very nice if you complete you profile, just let me know a bit how you are. I'm not doing any reservation to empty profiles without picture.) we are offering one comfortable non smoker room for a single person or couple (13 square meters /42 square feet). If you are friendly, independent, non-smoker, super clean person, simple traveler and easy living, this place is for you! The room has a full-size bed very comfortable (1.40 meters large), a wardrobe, a table and a window. Bed sheets and towels are included. The bathroom is shared (with us), as well as the living room and kitchen. You will have your own fridge and will be free to use any time the kitchen/microwave oven/coffee machine/boiler and of course the internet. Very Close to Gare du Nord, the Canal Saint Martin, The Canal de L'ourc, The Parc de la Villette, The Parc des buttes Chaumont and Montmartre/Sacre coeur is 20 min walking. The apartment is 57 m2 (187 ft) totally renewed is compo	looking for a roommate for  57m2 apartment to share with me and my husband (As we are sharing the place, that will be very nice if you complete you profile, just let me know a bit how you are. I'm not doing any reservation to empty profiles without picture.) we are offering one comfortable non smoker room for a single person or couple (13 square meters /42 square feet). If you are friendly, independent, non-smoker, super clean person, simple traveler and easy living, this place is for you! The room has a full-size bed very comfortable (1.40 meters large), a wardrobe, a table and a window. Bed sheets and towels are included. The bathroom is shared (with us), as well as the living room and kitchen. You will have your own fridge and will be free to use any time the kitchen/microwave oven/coffee machine/boiler and of course the internet. Very Close to Gare du Nord, the Canal Saint Martin, The Canal de L'ourc, The Parc de la Villette, The Parc des buttes Chaumont and Montmartre/Sacre coeur 
31459	Great location at the foot of Butte Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur stairs, very close to to the Moulin Rouge and the department stores. Excellent public transport links provide easy access to the main business and leisure locations (metro Anvers). The flat is very clean and comfortable, very charming with original old ninetheen century stones and red bricks walls. The flat is 35m2, one bedroom with quality bed, one living room with open kitchen and a 2 people sofa-bed. Nice white terracotta metro like bathroom. Fully equipped kitchen: a coffee grinder, kettle, toaster, oven and microwave, refrigerator. There is a washing machine with dryer function. The flat has internet wifi connection. From two to four people can be accomodated. The bedroom is very calm and so you can rest after a exciting day! The flat is on the ground (first) floor (not need to lift the lugages!) on a small street which is forbidden to cars on sundays (except residents and Montmartre seesighting small train). From h	Wonderful and overlooking Paris flat with stones walls located right next to the Sacré Coeur. You are in Montmartre hot spot! Great location at the foot of Butte Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur stairs, very close to to the Moulin Rouge and the department stores. Excellent public transport links provide easy access to the main business and leisure locations (metro Anvers). The flat is very clean and comfortable, very charming with original old ninetheen century stones and red bricks walls. The flat is 35m2, one bedroom with quality bed, one living room with open kitchen and a 2 people sofa-bed. Nice white terracotta metro like bathroom. Fully equipped kitchen: a coffee grinder, kettle, toaster, oven and microwave, refrigerator. There is a washing machine with dryer function. The flat has internet wifi connection. From two to four people can be accomodated. The bedroom is very calm and so you can rest after a exciting day! The flat is on the ground (first) floor (not need to lift the lugag
31460		Centrally located in the lively heart of Montmartre, I'm renting my quiet, sunny, studio (24m2) that is only steps away from the Moulin Rouge and the Sacre Coeur. Enjoy one of the nicest areas in Paris with easy access to subway lines and trains.  
31461	La terrasse est réellement agréable en été et le cadre et la vue des fenêtres typiquement montmartrois très agréable. 	La terrasse est réellement agréable en été et le cadre et la vue des fenêtres typiquement montmartrois très agréable.  je suis généralement là pour acceuillir les voyageurs et échanger avec eux toutes les bonnes adresses du quartier  j'aide également les guests à planifier leur séjour en leur donnant des détails techniques sur la vie parisienne ( temps de métro, station la plus proche, prix des taxis ...) l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris, un havre de paix au coeur du tumulte parisien :) L2 blanche, remontez la rue lepic a droite en sortant du métro  L12 abbesses suivez la rue es abbesses jusuq'à la rue lepic  merci de penser au 20euros supplémentaires pour le linge de maison
31462	Open, airy, with kitchen opening on hallway and living room with lovely balcony; one large bedroom for parents and a smaller room for children has a cot for newborn babies and a bed with bars for 1-3 yo kids; the living room has a convertible sofa bed too.	2nd floor apt (54 m2) w/ elevator, 1 master bedroom with large TV screen, 1 small bedroom with bed for 1-3yo child (and/or mattress on floor), living-room with convertible sofa, kitchen, and lovely balcony with deck chairs and a view on Sacré-Coeur! PLEASE NOTE: for Sept. 1-6, a scaffolding will be installed in the courtyard (therefore only affecting the kitchen window and the kids room window) so as to perform a face lift of the building. The price per night comes at a discount (included). Open, airy, with kitchen opening on hallway and living room with lovely balcony; one large bedroom for parents and a smaller room for children has a cot for newborn babies and a bed with bars for 1-3 yo kids; the living room has a convertible sofa bed too. If you don't have children, we will use the smaller room as storage space to put away all our children's gear and free up space in the apartment. We will be glad to provide ample information regarding tips for local life, food stores, restaurants,
31463		Welcome to the stylish and comfortable flat of an architect and a fashion designer. or two (or three!) in the historical area of Montmartre. 10 min walk to Sacre Coeur, 2 min to the Metro . If you want to live as a real Parisian, this is your place!
31464	Au premier étage, havre de paix après une journée de tourisme dans Paris ! Couchage pour 6 personnes : 2 lits de 2 personnes, plus un canapé-lit neuf et confortable pour 2 ; possibilité de matelas supplémentaire pour enfant. Draps, linge de toilette  et de cuisine fournis. Wifi, TV, Hifi , lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, fours micro-ondes et traditionnel, refrigérateur, congélateur, baignoire avec douche, 2 lavabos, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser.	Proche Montmartre et Sacré-Coeur. Situé dans une petite rue tranquille à côté de l'effervescente Place Clichy. Loft 95m2, 3m sous plafond, lumineux et ouvert. Comprend : entrée, double living, 2 chambres 2 personnes, cuisine, sdb, wc séparés Au premier étage, havre de paix après une journée de tourisme dans Paris ! Couchage pour 6 personnes : 2 lits de 2 personnes, plus un canapé-lit neuf et confortable pour 2 ; possibilité de matelas supplémentaire pour enfant. Draps, linge de toilette  et de cuisine fournis. Wifi, TV, Hifi , lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, fours micro-ondes et traditionnel, refrigérateur, congélateur, baignoire avec douche, 2 lavabos, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser. Possibilité de parking gardé à 100m (option payante). Commerce de proximité (50 m): boulangerie, épicerie, pharmacie ; nombreux restaurants, cafés, cinémas à 5mn à pied ; marché rue Lepic  et Abesses tous les jours. Bus et metro direct pour tous sites touristiques. L'appartement est à votre entière disposition
31465	Le balcon, assez rare à Paris. Quartier bien desservi, parfait pour profiter de Paris. Ambiance parisienne.	Appartement de 20m2 avec balcon, dans quartier Jules Joffrin, animé et agréable, avec commerces, cafés, métros, laverie à proximité. Situé au 5e étage, avec ascenseur. Lit mezzanine, canapé, kitchenette équipée et salle de bain avec douche. Le balcon, assez rare à Paris. Quartier bien desservi, parfait pour profiter de Paris. Ambiance parisienne. Studio de 20m2 Je reste à disposition par téléphone. Quartier très animé, jeune, famillial et ''parisien'' : cafés, 4 boulangeries, monoprix, commerces de quartier, laverie à 2 pas. A 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. A proximité des métros 12 (Jules Joffrin) et 4 (porte de Clignancourt). Sans correspondance jusqu'au Champs-Elysées, Louvre, Saint-Germain des Près, et Opéra Garnier par bus 80, 85 et 95.
31466	Idéal pour un couple, pour un couple avec enfants (maximum 2) ou pour une bande d’amis ! L’appartement est situé dans un quartier très animé de Paris, à deux pas de la Butte Montmartre et de Pigalle,  de la charmante Avenue Trudaine et de la Rue des Martyrs. Bars, restaurants, commerces, cinéma de quartier (à tester ! Cinéma Art-Déco « Le Louxor »), tout est à proximité immédiate. Il s’agit d’un deux pièces typiquement parisien, très calme, donnant sur différentes cours d’immeubles. Vous y trouverez une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon, coin repas avec une table et 4 chaises, canapé et WiFi. La chambre est spacieuse, avec une salle de bain (baignoire) ouverte, et les toilettes dans une pièce séparée attenante. Un grand canapé-lit, très confortable, dans le salon, offre 2 couchages supplémentaires, pour une capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes. Ideal for a couple, for a couple with children (maximum 2) or a group of friends! The apartment is located in a bustl	Idéal pour un couple, pour un couple avec enfants (maximum 2) ou pour une bande d’amis ! L’appartement est situé dans un quartier très animé de Paris, à deux pas de la Butte Montmartre et de Pigalle,  de la charmante Avenue Trudaine et de la Rue des Martyrs. Bars, restaurants, commerces, cinéma de quartier (à tester ! Cinéma Art-Déco « Le Louxor »), tout est à proximité immédiate. Il s’agit d’un deux pièces typiquement parisien, très calme, donnant sur différentes cours d’immeubles. Vous y trouverez une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon, coin repas avec une table et 4 chaises, canapé et WiFi. La chambre est spacieuse, avec une salle de bain (baignoire) ouverte, et les toilettes dans une pièce séparée attenante. Un grand canapé-lit, très confortable, dans le salon, offre 2 couchages supplémentaires, pour une capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes. Ideal for a couple, for a couple with children (maximum 2) or a group of friends! The apartment is located in a bustl
31467	"2 minutes walk to the ""Butte Montmartre"" but quiet. Restaurants, cafes are located in the adjacent streets. You enjoy but you do not have inconveniences.  "	"Apartment 3 rooms, 65m2, renovated. Large living room open to kitchen. Separate sleeping area. Can comfortably accommodate 6 people. 2nd floor on quiet street. Near shops and subways. Enjoy Montmartre quietly! 2 minutes walk to the ""Butte Montmartre"" but quiet. Restaurants, cafes are located in the adjacent streets. You enjoy but you do not have inconveniences.  Travelers have access to all the conveniences of the apartment. Private closets will be reported. We welcome personally all guests. Otherwise, one of our children or our friends will do it. You can reach 3 metro stations within 10 minutes walk.  Chateau Rouge on line 4 which passes through the railways stations Gare du Nord and Gare Montparnasse or Châtelet and the Quartier latin.  Anvers on line 2 to reach the Place de l'Etoile and access to the Champs Elysées.  Abbesses on line 12 to reach St Lazare station or the Place de la Concorde."
31468	The apartment is modern with a large elevator. The bedroom is quite big, luminous, with everything + Internet.  The neighborhood is replete with shops, galleries, cafes, restaurants, music night spots and theaters,and supermarkets, pharmacies, evrything you may need.  It is a short walk from the subway Marcadet (lines 4 and 12) as well as bus lines to get you anywhere in Paris, to the center or to the Champs Elysées...  The apartment is close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Saint Lazare train stations and is easily accessible from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports by public transport or cabs.  The owner a spanish filmmarker (who speaks english,  italian, and french of course !) will be happy to answer any questions you may have about the apartment, the neighborhood or Paris.	The apartment is modern with a large elevator. The bedroom is quite big, luminous, with everything + Internet.  The neighborhood is replete with shops, galleries, cafes, restaurants, music night spots and theaters,and supermarkets, pharmacies, evrything you may need.  It is a short walk from the subway Marcadet (lines 4 and 12) as well as bus lines to get you anywhere in Paris, to the center or to the Champs Elysées...  The apartment is close to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Saint Lazare train stations and is easily accessible from Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports by public transport or cabs.  The owner a spanish filmmarker (who speaks english,  italian, and french of course !) will be happy to answer any questions you may have about the apartment, the neighborhood or Paris.
31469	couchage:  1 chambre sur cours avec 1 grand lit(160x200)  2 canapés convertibles en 2 lits simples dans le salon équipements: draps et serviettes fournies produits de première nécessité four,micro onde,plaques de cuisson,friteuse,grille pain, rizeuse,lave vaisselle,frigidaire,congélateur,lave linge,sèche cheveux,etc 	Idéalement situé rue Houdon,au pied de la butte Montmartre et à 2 pas de South Pigalle. C'est un appartement spacieux,lumineux,traversant Est Ouest situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur. Il est disposé en étoile et se compose d'un grand double salon avec cuisine ouverte,une chambre(lit 160cm),une salle de bain avec baignoire(170cm),WC séparé et une buanderie. couchage:  1 chambre sur cours avec 1 grand lit(160x200)  2 canapés convertibles en 2 lits simples dans le salon équipements: draps et serviettes fournies produits de première nécessité four,micro onde,plaques de cuisson,friteuse,grille pain, rizeuse,lave vaisselle,frigidaire,congélateur,lave linge,sèche cheveux,etc logement entier à droite Montmartre, à gauche Pigalle. MONTMARTRE: village au charme authentique, avec ses petites rues chargées d'histoires, ses monuments, théâtres, cabarets, salles de spectacles, restaurants, bars, marchés, parcs, squares, jardins.... Vous serrez plongé dans une ambiance typiquement parisienne et traditi
31470	Lovely appartment of 355 square feet, with one bedroom with double bed, bathroom with bathtub, restrooms, one living room with a convertible sofa, fully equiped kitchen. On the 6th floor with an elevator, it has a clear view and it is luminous. The appartment is more suitable for 2 people, but you can be 4 if you want. equipment: a computer with wifi, hair dryer, oven, micro wave oven. The appartment is close to 2 subway stations: Jules Joffrin (line 12) and simplon (line4), it will bring you directly (no connection) to -Pigalle Moulin rouge (10 minutes) - Concorde (the bottom of the champs elysees)/Louvres (20 minutes) - Chatelet/ Saint Michel/ Notre Dame de Paris (30 minutes) And you can walk to Montmartre (15minutes to the Sacre Coeur) or the flee market (5 minutes). The neighbourhood is very nice, 100% parisian ambiance, with coffees, restaurants, a market on saturday...  I will tell you with great pleasure all the good adresses I know in Paris and in my neighbourhood. Animals are 	Lovely appartment of 355 square feet, with one bedroom with double bed, bathroom with bathtub, restrooms, one living room with a convertible sofa, fully equiped kitchen. On the 6th floor with an elevator, it has a clear view and it is luminous. The appartment is more suitable for 2 people, but you can be 4 if you want. equipment: a computer with wifi, hair dryer, oven, micro wave oven. The appartment is close to 2 subway stations: Jules Joffrin (line 12) and simplon (line4), it will bring you directly (no connection) to -Pigalle Moulin rouge (10 minutes) - Concorde (the bottom of the champs elysees)/Louvres (20 minutes) - Chatelet/ Saint Michel/ Notre Dame de Paris (30 minutes) And you can walk to Montmartre (15minutes to the Sacre Coeur) or the flee market (5 minutes). The neighbourhood is very nice, 100% parisian ambiance, with coffees, restaurants, a market on saturday...  I will tell you with great pleasure all the good adresses I know in Paris and in my neighbourhood. Animals are 
31471	Bright and large 25sqm room in a cosy 56sqm 2-room flat on the 3rd floor of a beautiful Parisian building in the East side of Montmartre.  Lots of charm, wooden floor, fireplaces. Can accommodate 2 on a very comfortable double sofa bed. The room also contains armchairs, a table and chairs to have your meals which means you can use it as your own little studio flat.	My flat is refurbished and typically Parisian (wooden floor, big fireplaces etc.). I am renting out the very large lounge as a private room, it's entirely independent. Clean and cosy, with a charming buzzing local market right outside the door. Bright and large 25sqm room in a cosy 56sqm 2-room flat on the 3rd floor of a beautiful Parisian building in the East side of Montmartre.  Lots of charm, wooden floor, fireplaces. Can accommodate 2 on a very comfortable double sofa bed. The room also contains armchairs, a table and chairs to have your meals which means you can use it as your own little studio flat. Shared new bathroom (with a bath) and  kitchen with fridge, gas stoves, oven and washing machine.  Wireless internet, no TV. Clean sheets and towels provided. We will share the flat but both rooms are completely independent. Whether you feel like having a chat or keeping your intimacy, I will adapt to either! The unique and ancient covered market Marché de l'Olive is right outside the
31472		Appartement fonctionnel et lumineux à deux pas du quartier Mythique de Montmartre. Très bien desservi par les transports en commun (Bus, Metro), nombreux commerces à proximité et marché.  Peut accueillir trois adultes ou deux adultes et deux enfants
31473	Very modern & arty appartment. Kind of loft Very light and quiet. Terraces. 2 people maximum	Very modern flat - kind of loft -  Very light and quiet appartment with terraces. American kitchen Close to Montmartre- Opera - Galeries Lafayette-Printemps 10 mn by metro to Arc de Triomphe - Champs Elysées-20mn from Palais des Congrès Very modern & arty appartment. Kind of loft Very light and quiet. Terraces. 2 people maximum Bathroom Micro wave Own private terrace from their bedroom with a little table and 2 chairs We will be at home at the same time than the travelers. If you need anything , we will be pleased to help you. Very convenient to visit Paris -  Walking distance  to Montmartre, Opera, Department stores (Galeries Lafayette-Printemps), Parc Monceau - Close to  Arc de Triomphe - Opera - Champs Elysees - Many cafés - Restaurants 5mn from de appartment : Metro : Place de Clichy Lines 2 & 13 Buses Taxi station A very friendly cat : Oops
31474		Parisian 2 rooms-apartment 5 minute-walking to Montmartre. perfect for 2 persons!! Be welcomed Located in the north of Montmartre in a very nice neighborhood with plenty of restaurants, bars & bakeries.
31475	Appartement typiquement parisien, parquet, moulures cheminée, dans un quartier très parisien	Coeur Montmartre  au 1er avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'une entrée, 2 chambres doubles  une simple, salle d'eau, salle de bains, WC sép. Cuisine us équipée, double séjour salon, salle à (website hidden), wifi, lave linge, lave vaisselle. Metro Lamarck. Appartement typiquement parisien, parquet, moulures cheminée, dans un quartier très parisien A tout l'équipement interieur Serviettes de toilette Draps Cuisine entièrement équipée Quartier typiquement parisien Sacré cœur Cinéma Nombreux restaurants  Metro très proche métro Lamarck Caulaincourt Ou métro Jules Joffrin  Proximité Gare du Nord
31476	The apartment : In the living room, a full view on the Sacre Coeur and also on a big public garden with no one in front to see you. The bedroom is on the courtyard side, very quiet, with a single bed 90 cm large. There is a sofa that you can turn into a 140 cm large double bed in the living room which is also quiet and has a TV. So 3 persons can sleep with 2 together on the sofa. The kitchen has a oven and a big refrigerator, a washing machine. There is a smalll bathroom with shower and separated toilet.	Fully furnished charming 2 rooms apartment with wooden floor overviewing the Sacré Cœur and a big public garden. Very friendly neighborhood full of shops and public transportation. Come to live the real experience of Montmartre ! The apartment : In the living room, a full view on the Sacre Coeur and also on a big public garden with no one in front to see you. The bedroom is on the courtyard side, very quiet, with a single bed 90 cm large. There is a sofa that you can turn into a 140 cm large double bed in the living room which is also quiet and has a TV. So 3 persons can sleep with 2 together on the sofa. The kitchen has a oven and a big refrigerator, a washing machine. There is a smalll bathroom with shower and separated toilet. The entire apartment will be at your disposal. An agent will wait for the travelers upon their arrival in the apartment to let them in and show them around. At the end of your stay, the agent will come to meet you and see that everything is in order. The neigh
31477		Studio vaste, confortable, calme et clair, dépouillé du superflu
31478	The flat is a 100m2 duplex/loft in the Montmartre area, with a private garden. The apartment is 10mn walk from the metro Lamarck. The ground floor includes an artist's studio (35m2, large bay window and height ceiling) which opens directly on the private garden. Upstairs there’s a mezzanine, a lounge / office, one bedroom with balcony, a kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, and separate toilettes. The apartment has a capacity of 3 people.	At the foot of Montmartre hill you'll enjoy the bohemian atmosphere of a modern artist studio. The flat is 100m2 large with double exposure and a private garden . Ideally located near the metro Lamarck, the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. The flat is a 100m2 duplex/loft in the Montmartre area, with a private garden. The apartment is 10mn walk from the metro Lamarck. The ground floor includes an artist's studio (35m2, large bay window and height ceiling) which opens directly on the private garden. Upstairs there’s a mezzanine, a lounge / office, one bedroom with balcony, a kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, and separate toilettes. The apartment has a capacity of 3 people. The flat is all yours guys!! I shouldn't be around so much ;) One of the great thing about the 18th district is the variety of places and population. The direct neighbourouh is great, nice coffe and restaurant just down the road, this is a very gentrified part of the 18th district where you
31479	"3 minutes walk from ""Jules Joffrin"" métro station, 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur and the famous ""Montmartre"" area. The apartment is located in a nice hood with restaurants, bars, shops and a supermarket... The apartment is at the 5th floor (no elevator), quiet and full of light. It can accommodate 4 people. It's all furnished. The kitchen has appliances, The bathroom has a shower. There is a bed for tow persons (new and very comfortable.  In winter, there are tow duvets. In summer, there are three fans. There is a new sofa where two people can sleep.  The toilets are separated from the bathroom. Wood floor. WIFI. no smoking - no pets -  EASY ACCESS TO THE WHOLE CITY: Great transportation possibilities just down the flat with JULES JOFFRIN and SIMPLON stations: Metros lines 12 (JULES JOFFRIN) & 4 (SIMPLON)  > lines ready to Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, Notre-Dame, Châtelet...  > 15 minutes to Gare du Nord (metro 4).  > 45 minutes to Charles de Gaule Airport (RER B + metro 4)  Bu"	"Sleep peacefully with renovated windows, no noise, you feel at home, with a beautiful balcony, hardwood floors, a balcony to get some fresh air, do not hesitate, this apartment is ideal to accommodate you after a long journey . 3 minutes walk from ""Jules Joffrin"" métro station, 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur and the famous ""Montmartre"" area. The apartment is located in a nice hood with restaurants, bars, shops and a supermarket... The apartment is at the 5th floor (no elevator), quiet and full of light. It can accommodate 4 people. It's all furnished. The kitchen has appliances, The bathroom has a shower. There is a bed for tow persons (new and very comfortable.  In winter, there are tow duvets. In summer, there are three fans. There is a new sofa where two people can sleep.  The toilets are separated from the bathroom. Wood floor. WIFI. no smoking - no pets -  EASY ACCESS TO THE WHOLE CITY: Great transportation possibilities just down the flat with JULES JOFFRIN and SIMPLON stat"
31480		If you feel like in Woddy Allen's movie Midnight in Paris , this is not only an impression. This  one bedroom appartment in the very heart of Montmartre is the cozy place  you have been looking for falling in love in Paris .
31481	"The ""PLUS"" : - Specially sunny (6th floor, last floor) - Specially quiet for a city appartement : because it's not directly on the street, but 100 meters from it, in a courtyard. Plus, 3 of the 4 walls have no neighbours (only the kitchen wall has a neighbour) and of course the 5th floor under the flat. you'll sleep like a baby, and will be awaken only by the birds..."	"A charming place, in the vibrant neighbourhood of Canal St Martin (10th / 19th district): Cinemas, bars near the canal, restaurants, ""Velib'"" municipal bike spots, ....So much to discover around here!  The ""PLUS"" : - Specially sunny (6th floor, last floor) - Specially quiet for a city appartement : because it's not directly on the street, but 100 meters from it, in a courtyard. Plus, 3 of the 4 walls have no neighbours (only the kitchen wall has a neighbour) and of course the 5th floor under the flat. you'll sleep like a baby, and will be awaken only by the birds... I'll leave you the keys, explain a bit on the appartement (email hidden)d if you need i'll give you my ""cool adresses book"" of the neighboorhood ;) THE NEIGHBOURHOOD: Very lively! Near Stalingrad, it's a great cultural mix as you are near the indian district (amazing cheap indian food near!): indians, africans, european people... and all exotic supermarkets (mangoes, spices, ...everything is very cheap). I buy most of my fo"
31482	Studio lumineux 1er étage rénovė, déco design 27 m2 Au cœur du quartier des abbesses à Montmartre. Pied du Sacré Coeur, place des peintres Capacité pour 2 adultes et 1 ou 2 couchages complémentaires petite cuisine équipée métro abbesses ou Pigalle  Studio très bien situé au cœur de Montmartre dans une petite impasse de charme. Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité Refait à neuf Décoration design Très lumineux Equipement complet Ideal pour deux personnes possibilité 4 couchages Draps et Serviettes mis a disposition Station métro abbesses à 100 mètres 20 minutes en métro de gare de Lyon C'est un Village dans Paris Les rues commerçantes sont très chaleureuses Extraordinairement vivantes Des restaurants sympat  On y resterait bien toujours plus Deux stations de métro Abbesse  Blanche A tout l'appartement . L'accueil peut se faire par nous occasionnellement Autrement c'est une Amie qui est dans l'immeuble qui reçoit les locataires. C'est un Village dans Paris Les rues commerçantes s	Studio lumineux 1er étage rénovė, déco design 27 m2 Au cœur du quartier des abbesses à Montmartre. Pied du Sacré Coeur, place des peintres Capacité pour 2 adultes et 1 ou 2 couchages complémentaires petite cuisine équipée métro abbesses ou Pigalle  Studio lumineux 1er étage rénovė, déco design 27 m2 Au cœur du quartier des abbesses à Montmartre. Pied du Sacré Coeur, place des peintres Capacité pour 2 adultes et 1 ou 2 couchages complémentaires petite cuisine équipée métro abbesses ou Pigalle  Studio très bien situé au cœur de Montmartre dans une petite impasse de charme. Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité Refait à neuf Décoration design Très lumineux Equipement complet Ideal pour deux personnes possibilité 4 couchages Draps et Serviettes mis a disposition Station métro abbesses à 100 mètres 20 minutes en métro de gare de Lyon C'est un Village dans Paris Les rues commerçantes sont très chaleureuses Extraordinairement vivantes Des restaurants sympat  On y resterait bien toujou
31483	The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure. Open the door to a 19th century property and step into an apartment that will make your stay in Paris even more magical.  Here, it’s simple elegance that wins us over. Every book, every painting, every chair invites you to take a trip down memory lane to bygone days.  The fully equipped dining room is perfect for dining à la parisienne.  The elegant living room is spacious and an ideal place for cosy evenings in. There is a convertible.  At the end of the hallway you’ll find a charming, spacious bedroom with a large double bed.  Also offered is a second bedroom with 2 bunk beds to sleep 2 more people.  Totally renovated, the bathroom offers a shower, two washbasins and built-in toilets.  This charming apartment is located on the second floor with no 	This apartment is ideally located in the famous Montmartre district. The area is very touristy but at the same time offers typical Parisian charm. The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure. Open the door to a 19th century property and step into an apartment that will make your stay in Paris even more magical.  Here, it’s simple elegance that wins us over. Every book, every painting, every chair invites you to take a trip down memory lane to bygone days.  The fully equipped dining room is perfect for dining à la parisienne.  The elegant living room is spacious and an ideal place for cosy evenings in. There is a convertible.  At the end of the hallway you’ll find a charming, spacious bedroom with a large double bed.  Also offered is a second bedroom with 2 bunk beds to sleep 2 more people.  Tot
31484	"Montmatre - cute studio-amazing view Really well located , this is the perfect place to be in the heart of Montmartre. My studio is closed to the metro stations Abbesses and Anvers, which are located on centrical lines to join easily the heart of Paris. (Lines 12 & 2). Located  5min walking distance from the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle, The Moulin Rouge, Place des Abbesses, Gare du Nord. By the metro, you'll be at 10min from the Opera or the Champs Elysées & at 15min from the Louvre, Saint Germain des Près and the Centre Beaubourg. Perfect for two; you'll wake up in front of the Eiffel tower and the parisian roofs and if you're fed up of it, you just have to turn to see the Sacré-Coeur church through the opposite window! Here, you'll find a real French neighborhood, with charming ""Bistro"", Shops, Theaters, tasty ""boulangeries"" and cobbled streets. (As it's an old building, there's no elevator and you have to climb a couple of stairs to see the view.) Here are some nice addresses in the neighb"	"Montmatre - cute studio-amazing view Really well located , this is the perfect place to be in the heart of Montmartre. My studio is closed to the metro stations Abbesses and Anvers, which are located on centrical lines to join easily the heart of Paris. (Lines 12 & 2). Located  5min walking distance from the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle, The Moulin Rouge, Place des Abbesses, Gare du Nord. By the metro, you'll be at 10min from the Opera or the Champs Elysées & at 15min from the Louvre, Saint Germain des Près and the Centre Beaubourg. Perfect for two; you'll wake up in front of the Eiffel tower and the parisian roofs and if you're fed up of it, you just have to turn to see the Sacré-Coeur church through the opposite window! Here, you'll find a real French neighborhood, with charming ""Bistro"", Shops, Theaters, tasty ""boulangeries"" and cobbled streets. (As it's an old building, there's no elevator and you have to climb a couple of stairs to see the view.) Here are some nice addresses in the neighb"
31485	Studio charmant, en plein cœur du quartier des Abesses, à Montmartre	Studio in Montmartre, Paris 75018. Warmly decorated, bright apartment with three windows, with a small entrance, a very comfortable sofa bed (daily bed), shower room. Located in the Abbesses, near the Sacré- Coeur and Pigalle. Studio charmant, en plein cœur du quartier des Abesses, à Montmartre Montmartre, quartier Abbesses  Subway 12 : Abbesses  Subway 2 : Pigalle or Blanche
31486	This appartment is 27m², it is well furnished with everything you need to spend an awesome time in Paris. We supply :  -Sheets, covers, and everything needed for the bed -Pan, stove, toaster,... and everything needed for the kitchen	We're leaving our really nice studio in the heart of Montmartre, like 5min walk from the Sacré Coeur, and we'd like to rent it before the end of our lease ! Restaurants, markets, bakery... less than 2min Metro : Line 4 and 12 less than 10 min walk This appartment is 27m², it is well furnished with everything you need to spend an awesome time in Paris. We supply :  -Sheets, covers, and everything needed for the bed -Pan, stove, toaster,... and everything needed for the kitchen Go down the street, take the stairs and you're at the top of Montmartre hill. Walk 5 min and you're in front of the Sacré Coeur ! Parking : You'll have to park in the street and pay unfortunately.  However, the best way to discover Paris is by local transportation : Metro line 4 and 12 in a 10min walk range Bus stop at 1min. We will be available to hand you the keys in the mornings or after work time. If this doesn't suit you, we might find a way for other timing. We are leaving for the (long) week end, from the 1
31487		              In a really nice district, the 18th, private room for 1 or 2 , 1st floor, near subway and shops.  Quiet,at the end of the courtyard with a cute cat and myself, I can make breakfeast and visits in 3 languages ;)      
31488	Dans une rue calme, cet appartement est composée d'une chambre avec bureau et d'un salon avec kitchenette. Un lit dépliant d'une place est à votre disposition pour une troisième personne.	"Loue pendant nos vacances notre appartement dans lequel vous vous sentirez comme chez vous.  Très bien desservie par les métros et situé dans un quartier animé et typiquement parisien, vous passerez un excellent séjour. Dans une rue calme, cet appartement est composée d'une chambre avec bureau et d'un salon avec kitchenette. Un lit dépliant d'une place est à votre disposition pour une troisième personne. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. A votre disposition : internet en wifi, TV, machine à laver le linge, ainsi qu'à un espace de rangement pour vos vêtements.  Situé entre la butte Montmartre et les puces de St Ouen.  L'appartement est dans une rue calme, prés de la rue du poteau, rue très commerçante qui contribue à l'ambiance de ""vie de quartier"" qu'il règne dans le secteur. Très bien desservi par les métros : à moins de dix minutes des lignes 12 (jules joffrin),13 (guy moquet) et 4 ( porte de clignacourt). La ligne 4 dessert la gare du Nord où arrive le RER B, train rel"
31489		Je vous propose une chambré double dans un appartement 1 ère étage avec ascenseur à  paris  dans le 18 ème  a  5 min à pied de Montmartre une chambré  pour deux  personnes Métro  ligne  2 et 4 a 7 min à pied
31490	"Location: LOWER MONTMARTRE --> 15 mn walk from Sacré Coeur Montmartre  --> For vintage lovers, 15 mn walk to the very known flea market of Paris ""Puces de Clignancourt"" (the biggest of Europe, open friday to monday)  --> Close to all types of public transports (subway, bus, regional railway express, train station and airports) and commerce. --> Station Marcadet Poissonniers with 2 metro lines 4 and 12 taking you in 15 minutes to all the major attractions and monuments in Paris --> 10 minutes from Gare du Nord eurostar via line 4 --> 35 mins away from Paris CDG airport and 45 mins from Paris Orly airport on the RER B.  Appartment: VINTAGE APPARTMENT --> You will hosted in a contemporary and newly furnished  apartment of very good quality, redesigned by an architect recently. --> The appartement has a double room and a lounge where is installed a very comfortable double sofa bed where I will sleep if you book my room.  --> There is one bathroom and seperate toilets. "	"Many people have stayed at ""Bed and Breakfast Lower Montmartre"" and everyone agrees on the quality of their stay. Very close to transport, its vintage style decor / design provides comfort and modernity. Location: LOWER MONTMARTRE --> 15 mn walk from Sacré Coeur Montmartre  --> For vintage lovers, 15 mn walk to the very known flea market of Paris ""Puces de Clignancourt"" (the biggest of Europe, open friday to monday)  --> Close to all types of public transports (subway, bus, regional railway express, train station and airports) and commerce. --> Station Marcadet Poissonniers with 2 metro lines 4 and 12 taking you in 15 minutes to all the major attractions and monuments in Paris --> 10 minutes from Gare du Nord eurostar via line 4 --> 35 mins away from Paris CDG airport and 45 mins from Paris Orly airport on the RER B.  Appartment: VINTAGE APPARTMENT --> You will hosted in a contemporary and newly furnished  apartment of very good quality, redesigned by an architect recently. --> The app"
31491	l'appartement vous offre accès a une cuisine aménagée : réfrigérateur , plaques cuisson , micro onde , machine à café  expresso , vaisselle , ustensiles et etc... Toute le linge de maison (draps , serviettes et torchons ) est fourni .	sympa studio à quelques pas des restaurants , bars et supermarchés. l'appartement est accessible par la ligne 2 ( la chapelle), lignes 4, 5 , B ,C, E et grandes lignes  (gare du Nord). cet appartement de 20 m²  situé au premier étage est idéal pour l'appartement vous offre accès a une cuisine aménagée : réfrigérateur , plaques cuisson , micro onde , machine à café  expresso , vaisselle , ustensiles et etc... Toute le linge de maison (draps , serviettes et torchons ) est fourni . sympa studio à quelques pas des restaurants , bars et supermarchés. l'appartement est accessible par la ligne 2 ( la chapelle), lignes 4, 5 , B ,C, E et grandes lignes  (gare du Nord). je reste à dispositions des voyageurs pour toutes informations .
31492	idéal pour un week end romantique, je privilégie les demandes de séjours courts pour des raisons d'organisation, mais n'hésitez pas à m'envoyer toutes vos demandes .	Appartement de 30m2 très calme,tout équipé (Ordinateur dispo, wifi, machine à laver, salle de bain avec baignoire, linge de toilette) pour profiter de votre séjour comme si vous étiez à la maison. idéal pour un week end romantique, je privilégie les demandes de séjours courts pour des raisons d'organisation, mais n'hésitez pas à m'envoyer toutes vos demandes . Mon appartement sera le vôtre pendant la durée de votre séjour. En principe je serai à Paris pendant votre séjour et totalement disponible pour vous aider. Dans le cas contraire des amis ou voisins seront là pour vous Au pied de la butte montmartre vous pourrez vous balader à pied pour découvrir le sacré coeur, la place du tertre, le cimetière montmartre, le moulin rouge, Pigalle, Barbès etc... Les buttes chaumont, la place de l'étoile, les puces, les grands magasins, la rive gauche sont également accessibles très simplement par des lignes de bus ou de métro directes ligne 12 (gare saint lazare, gare montparnasse) : 2 minutes à p
31493	Be a privileged Parisian in this high standard 65m² apartment of rare quality. Indeed, this apartment is exceptional: • A perfect location central in Montmartre Village, in a stone building, on 2nd floor (no elevator) on prestigious Avenue Junot, 2mn from Sacré Coeur and Subway • A large and quiet bedroom with bathroom. • A fully equipped kitchen with top quality NEFF equipment. • Modern design and wooden floor Additionally, the decoration of the apartment is tasteful and many closets are available. One enters in the apartment in a large entrance that opens to the kitchen right, the living and dining areas left and the master Bedroom face. Living room is simply 'class' with its beautiful wooden floor, windows and designed furniture and decoration. It offers a living and a dining area. Both areas are linked, making it a spacious room. The living area becomes a second bedroom at night time and accommodates 2 extra guests in the comfortable convertible sofa bed. Dining area offers an oval	Modern and quality apartment in a stone building on prestigeous Avenue Junot. Tasteful decoration and plenty of storage space. The neighborhood offers numerous restaurants, wine shops, cafe bars, clothing stores, cheese shops and bakeries. Metro. Be a privileged Parisian in this high standard 65m² apartment of rare quality. Indeed, this apartment is exceptional: • A perfect location central in Montmartre Village, in a stone building, on 2nd floor (no elevator) on prestigious Avenue Junot, 2mn from Sacré Coeur and Subway • A large and quiet bedroom with bathroom. • A fully equipped kitchen with top quality NEFF equipment. • Modern design and wooden floor Additionally, the decoration of the apartment is tasteful and many closets are available. One enters in the apartment in a large entrance that opens to the kitchen right, the living and dining areas left and the master Bedroom face. Living room is simply 'class' with its beautiful wooden floor, windows and designed furniture and decorat
31494		This little semi-detached house, is located in an old part of the abbey of Montmartre. When you walk into the complex, you will feel like you have stepped into a small village with the cobbled-stones and tranquility. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. This small house is uniquely located in a former sanctuary for nuns. It provides you with all the modern comforts in a unique and serene atmosphere. The maison's street (rue des Saules exit) brings you directly to the heart of Montmartre as you pass by Lapin Agile Bar-Cabaret, a subject of one of Picasso's most famous paintings, and the unique Montmartre vineyard. At the street's end, you will be by Sacre Coeur Basilica, the crowning glory at the top of Montmartre. It provides the most spectacular view in all of Paris. You are spoiled for choice in terms of food shopping, restaurants and cafes around the apartment. The metro system is the fastest way to t
31495	La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12  La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12  La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12 	F2 32m² (chambre + salon) situé à 3 min à pied du métro Jules Joffrin dans un  immeuble typique parisien au 6e étage. Vue sur la basilique Montmartre de la rue. Quartier très sympa et surtout vivant, beaucoup de restau super sympa et de commerces. La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12  La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12  La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12 La proximité avec les lieux touristiques, le quartier , les restaurants Métro 12
31496	Vraiment très bien situé et plein de charme, l'appartement est constitué d'un grand salon, salle à manger, d'un 2ème salon avec un canapé lit et d'une cuisine au 1er niveau et à l'autre étage 2chambres ,  une  salle de bain avec douche séparée et baignoire , des wc séparés . Il est à la fois clair, ensoleillé et cosy. C'est un appartement typique de la butte Montmartre, au pied du Sacré-Coeur mais rare par sa taille. Une ambiance confortable, feutrée et parisienne! Pleins de livre, très bien équipé. 	Au coeur de Montmartre, au pied du Sacré Coeur et du metro (Anvers), un superbe et grand duplex familial de 110 m2, avec 3 chambres et jusqu'à 6 couchages.  Clair, ensoleillé, chic,rare, au 3ème étage avec un ascenseur.Les vacances à Paris. Vraiment très bien situé et plein de charme, l'appartement est constitué d'un grand salon, salle à manger, d'un 2ème salon avec un canapé lit et d'une cuisine au 1er niveau et à l'autre étage 2chambres ,  une  salle de bain avec douche séparée et baignoire , des wc séparés . Il est à la fois clair, ensoleillé et cosy. C'est un appartement typique de la butte Montmartre, au pied du Sacré-Coeur mais rare par sa taille. Une ambiance confortable, feutrée et parisienne! Pleins de livre, très bien équipé. Accés à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Wifi, espace cuisine séparé, lave linge séchant, four, microonde, lave-vaisselle. C'est notre ami Michel qui vous recevra. Il adore Paris et il sera à votre disposition et avec grand plaisir, pour vous fournir tous le
31497	2 roms with fruitiness, very sunny in the morning, on the cleared court, 3 rd floor without elevator with small kitchen ( fridge, electric cooktops and micro waves ;  one bed for 2 peoples in one room one bed for one person in the another room one bed for the baby between 6 months and 3 years can be given if necessary Bathroom with lavabo, shower and toilette	PARIS MONTMARTRE : Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Cœur, Place du Tertre, Lepic et Abbesses streets  and Abbesses, many shops, supermarket, bars, theaters, mode, music, artist area and nightlife   2 roms with fruitiness, very sunny in the morning, on the cleared court, 3 rd floor without elevator with small kitchen ( fridge, electric cooktops and micro waves ;  one bed for 2 peoples in one room one bed for one person in the another room one bed for the baby between 6 months and 3 years can be given if necessary Bathroom with lavabo, shower and toilette Next to Abbesses metro station, Blanche and Pigalle ( only 5 minutes walking ) and next of many bus
31498	The Space Located on the first floor of the building (just after the ground floor), this 59 square meters (635 square feet) flat is bright, quiet and modern. The flat consists of a dining room, a living room with a sofa bed for two people, a bedroom as well as a large bathroom, a fully equipped kitchen with many accessories (oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster,  refrigerator, freezer and even a raclette machine!) and a very useful dressing room. I have decorated this apartment tastefully and elegantly. It is the perfect apartment for an enjoyable getaway in the heart of Paris, very confortable and well equiped with Wi-Fi access, TV, Blu-ray DVD player, Bluetooth speaker, coffee/tea/chocolate machine, oven, microwave, toaster, ironing board and iron, washing machine, clotheshorse, storage cabinet and bubble bath! An extra bed can be added for a 5th person. We also think to parent with a baby, just ask for our pack-and-play! The building  This is a 5-floor building secured with 2 ga	Spacious, clean, nicely furnished, well connected with transports, newly refurbish... this is words what my guests use to describe my apartment, so do not hesitate, you are more than welcome as a family, a bunch of friends or two couples! The Space Located on the first floor of the building (just after the ground floor), this 59 square meters (635 square feet) flat is bright, quiet and modern. The flat consists of a dining room, a living room with a sofa bed for two people, a bedroom as well as a large bathroom, a fully equipped kitchen with many accessories (oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster,  refrigerator, freezer and even a raclette machine!) and a very useful dressing room. I have decorated this apartment tastefully and elegantly. It is the perfect apartment for an enjoyable getaway in the heart of Paris, very confortable and well equiped with Wi-Fi access, TV, Blu-ray DVD player, Bluetooth speaker, coffee/tea/chocolate machine, oven, microwave, toaster, ironing board and ir
31499	ce logement est très accueillant car il reflète les voyages en afrique, orient, asie que j'ai parcouru. N'ayant pas de jardin, j'essaie de lui apporter une ambiance végétale avec toutes mes plantes près des fenêtres pour que les gens s'y sentent bien.	warm, quiet courtyard overlooking the 3rd floor, 2 rooms 40 m2 apartment with 1 large bedroom, all amenities in a cosmopolitan neighborhood 5 minutes from Montmartre, 1 min from the chateau-rouge metro apartment.
