8700	A 50m2 apartment close to the Gare du Nord for 2/4people. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre. Very convenient access to all paris (a RER station Châtelet, three metro lines 2,4 and 5 ...). All shops and restaurants nearby. The apartment: The room has a real bed of 140x200, it overlooks the courtyard. The double living room / dining room with a large table. two people can sleep on the sofa bed,  there is another sofa for 1 people or 2 on supp mattress on the floor ( SUPPLEMENT 20e PER NIGHT)  desk, overlooking the street, the windows are double glazed.TVHD. (possibility mattress on the floor for 2 additional children) Equipped with a real oven, microwave, induction plates, kettle, toaster and washing machine. Small bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Wi fi (fast) Sheets, towels provided. CLEANING : 30 euros direct  Ask me for the prices for the specials weeks or fashion week, summer, Christmas etc...)  See you soon	Nice and cosy. 4 minutes walk from Gare du Nord Station/ 10 min walk from Montmartre/  buses and subway to everywhere in Paris. Shops, cafés, restaurants all around. A 50m2 apartment close to the Gare du Nord for 2/4people. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre. Very convenient access to all paris (a RER station Châtelet, three metro lines 2,4 and 5 ...). All shops and restaurants nearby. The apartment: The room has a real bed of 140x200, it overlooks the courtyard. The double living room / dining room with a large table. two people can sleep on the sofa bed,  there is another sofa for 1 people or 2 on supp mattress on the floor ( SUPPLEMENT 20e PER NIGHT)  desk, overlooking the street, the windows are double glazed.TVHD. (possibility mattress on the floor for 2 additional children) Equipped with a real oven, microwave, induction plates, kettle, toaster and washing machine. Small bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Wi fi (fast) Sheets, towels provided. CLEANING : 30 euros direct  Ask me 
8701	My apartment (990.28 feet 2) is the perfect location to visit Paris & live like a parisian. Close to the great pedestrian district of Montorgueil.  Lots of great shops, cocktails's bars, cafes, restaurants, spa (spa NUXE), cinemas. Also the best bakeries & pastry shop in Paris, fishmonger, butcher's shop, fruits &vegetables shop & organic shop, yoga center (big apple yoga), fantastic gym center (Klay) The apartment is located 10 minutes walk to OPERA, LE MARAIS or PALAIS-ROYAL. 15 minutes walk to BEAUBOURG (Museum of contemporary art) LOUVRE museum & LES TUILERIES, GALERIES LAFAYETTE, PRINTEMPS. ABOUT ROOM 1 - Peace & quiet - A large window and lots of sunlight  - Queen-size bed  - Big cupboard with shelves and closets - toilets - Bathroom with bath & large window - High Speed Wi-Fi  - All bed sheets, pillows, blankets. High quality linens and towels. ABOUT ROOM 2 (child room) : - Peace & Quiet - A large window and lots of sunlight  - A single bed - toilets ABOUT the little ROOM 3 (chi	My apartment (990.28 feet 2) is the perfect location to visit Paris & live like a parisian. Close to the great pedestrian district of Montorgueil.  Lots of great shops, cocktails's bars, cafes, restaurants, spa (spa NUXE), cinemas. Also the best bakeries & pastry shop in Paris, fishmonger, butcher's shop, fruits &vegetables shop & organic shop, yoga center (big apple yoga), fantastic gym center (Klay) The apartment is located 10 minutes walk to OPERA, LE MARAIS or PALAIS-ROYAL. 15 minutes walk to BEAUBOURG (Museum of contemporary art) LOUVRE museum & LES TUILERIES, GALERIES LAFAYETTE, PRINTEMPS. ABOUT ROOM 1 - Peace & quiet - A large window and lots of sunlight  - Queen-size bed  - Big cupboard with shelves and closets - toilets - Bathroom with bath & large window - High Speed Wi-Fi  - All bed sheets, pillows, blankets. High quality linens and towels. ABOUT ROOM 2 (child room) : - Peace & Quiet - A large window and lots of sunlight  - A single bed - toilets ABOUT the little ROOM 3 (chi
8702	Our charming 75 m2 apartment is located on Avenue Parmentier in the lively 10rd district just near Canal Saint Martin and Place de la République. Cute family flat in 50-60 ’s parisian building style. If you are looking for Parisian views (Pompidou Center, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, La defense, Montparnasse Tower, Notre Dame etc…), family comfort, cosiness and practicality, this is your choice.  Quiet and very bright and easily accessible by elevator, metro, buses and car. This is a 75m2 apartment where we leave with our son. This is not a only for rent flat. But we will give you all the room necessary to make you feel at home. You will be alone in the appartment.  You have a huge living room with a sofa bed (2 places), our 9 years children room (1 adult bed + 1 child bed), another room (double bed), a kitchen and a bathroom with bath. Ideal for a family and fully equipped with all you need for a comfortable stay in Paris (see lists at the end of description) 	3 bedroom apartment across central 75m2 near the Canal Saint Martin. Large bay window facing south with views of Paris.  Our charming 75 m2 apartment is located on Avenue Parmentier in the lively 10rd district just near Canal Saint Martin and Place de la République. Cute family flat in 50-60 ’s parisian building style. If you are looking for Parisian views (Pompidou Center, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, La defense, Montparnasse Tower, Notre Dame etc…), family comfort, cosiness and practicality, this is your choice.  Quiet and very bright and easily accessible by elevator, metro, buses and car. This is a 75m2 apartment where we leave with our son. This is not a only for rent flat. But we will give you all the room necessary to make you feel at home. You will be alone in the appartment.  You have a huge living room with a sofa bed (2 places), our 9 years children room (1 adult bed + 1 child bed), another room (double bed), a kitchen and a bathroom with bath. Ideal for a family and fully equi
8703	Nous louons notre charmant appartement de 30 m2 situé dans le 10e arrondissement! Dans un immeuble très calme, l'appartement est en rez de chaussé et donne sur une petite terrasse sans vis à vis.  L'appartement est proche de tous commerces, restaurants, bars, cinéma et à seulement quelques mètres du métro Chateau Landon, à 5 - 10 minutes à pied de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est. Le Canal Saint Martin haut lieu de la jeunesse tendance Parisienne est juste à quelques pas en sortant de l'appartement.  A 15/20 min  des Grands Boulevards et de l'Opéra Garnier, nous sommes situés au coeur de Paris! Quant à nous, nous sommes un couple de 23 et 26 ans, très conviviaux, ayant envie de vous faire partager notre amour pour Paris! A très bientôt! Thomas & Sébastien	"Charming ""Loft"" apartment located in the center 10th arrondissement of Paris for 1 to 4 people next to the Canal Saint Martin. All equiped (Tv, internet, full kitchen, bathroom) Mezzanine bed and a double sofa bed. Nous louons notre charmant appartement de 30 m2 situé dans le 10e arrondissement! Dans un immeuble très calme, l'appartement est en rez de chaussé et donne sur une petite terrasse sans vis à vis.  L'appartement est proche de tous commerces, restaurants, bars, cinéma et à seulement quelques mètres du métro Chateau Landon, à 5 - 10 minutes à pied de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est. Le Canal Saint Martin haut lieu de la jeunesse tendance Parisienne est juste à quelques pas en sortant de l'appartement.  A 15/20 min  des Grands Boulevards et de l'Opéra Garnier, nous sommes situés au coeur de Paris! Quant à nous, nous sommes un couple de 23 et 26 ans, très conviviaux, ayant envie de vous faire partager notre amour pour Paris! A très bientôt! Thomas & Sébastien Vous avez acc"
8704	The apartment is new, modern and fully equiped. The living room has a home theater with 4 speakers, two sofa (one sofa bed), a wooden coffee table (some elements were not even present on the photos).  The bathroom includes a sink, a shower, a heater for towels all have hot going out, and a toilet.  The kitchen has a dishwasher (so cool), oven, microwave, washing machine and a dining table.	Nice flat of 36m2, with mezzanine, full equiped, next to the Canal Saint Martin, 10mn to Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. You have a lot of bars and restaurants really nice and the bike ride next to the Canal is perfect ! The apartment is new, modern and fully equiped. The living room has a home theater with 4 speakers, two sofa (one sofa bed), a wooden coffee table (some elements were not even present on the photos).  The bathroom includes a sink, a shower, a heater for towels all have hot going out, and a toilet.  The kitchen has a dishwasher (so cool), oven, microwave, washing machine and a dining table. I'll leave a sheet on which I will note few places (bar, restaurant, park, etc ...) reallly nice in Paris The neighborhood is lively and filled with bar and restaurant of any kind located along the Canal Saint Martin. And I assure you that the Point Ephemere (bar/nightclub) concert on Saturday evening, followed by a brunch on Sunday at Prune, with a soft sun beside the Canal, it is rather n
8705	Very nice studio of 26m with ceiling at 3m. Located in a private passage with flowers, quiet and secure  Flat is situated on 3rd floor (no elevator) Four large windows with south exposition. Lively Parisian center near to Porte Saint Denis (Subway Strasbourg Saint Denis)   Studio Equipment: - Kitchenette with 2 gas burners, fridge, kettle and toaster. The dishes are at your disposal. - Living room / dining room with hi-fi  - Sleeps 120cm width (2places) - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, flat iron, washing machine - Separated at the entrance of the studio Toilets (inside flat) Near: - Shops: Franprix, Carrefour, Monoprix, ... - Sights: Grand Boulevard, Republic, Canal Saint Martin, Beaubourg, ... are less than 10 minutes walk - Many bars, theaters (The Spendid, Renaissance Theater, Gymnase theater, ...) and restaurants - Transport: * Subway lines 4, 8 and 9 at the entrance of the apartment * Less than 5 minutes walk, line 5, 7 and 11 * vélib  * Many bus Charges included in the price: 	Very nice studio of 26m with ceiling at 3m. Located in a private passage with flowers, quiet and secure  Flat is situated on 3rd floor (no elevator) Four large windows with south exposition. Lively Parisian center near to Porte Saint Denis (Subway Strasbourg Saint Denis)   Studio Equipment: - Kitchenette with 2 gas burners, fridge, kettle and toaster. The dishes are at your disposal. - Living room / dining room with hi-fi  - Sleeps 120cm width (2places) - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, flat iron, washing machine - Separated at the entrance of the studio Toilets (inside flat) Near: - Shops: Franprix, Carrefour, Monoprix, ... - Sights: Grand Boulevard, Republic, Canal Saint Martin, Beaubourg, ... are less than 10 minutes walk - Many bars, theaters (The Spendid, Renaissance Theater, Gymnase theater, ...) and restaurants - Transport: * Subway lines 4, 8 and 9 at the entrance of the apartment * Less than 5 minutes walk, line 5, 7 and 11 * vélib  * Many bus Charges included in the price: 
8706	Mini Loft Triplex renovated, equipped, furnished.  On the ground floor an approximately 13m2 consisting of a living area with open kitchen (with dishwasher and washing machine), old parquet.  Bathroom with Italian shower.  Upstairs is a platform with a double bed.  In the basement, room accessible by an old staircase, bedroom with twin beds, cupboard, parquet. Mini-Loft Triplex entièrement rénové, équipé, meublé.  Comprenant au rez-de-chaussée une surface d'environ 13m2 composé d'un espace à vivre avec cuisine ouverte (avec lave veisselle et lave linge), parquet chêne massif. Salle de bain avec douche à l'Italienne. A l'étage une mezzanine avec un lit double.  En sous sol, chambre accessible par un escalier ancien, une chambre avec placards intégrés, parquet	Appartement entièrement équipé pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes Idéal pour familles  Situé au pied du Canal Saint Martin   Fully equipped apartment receive 4 people Ideal for families  At the foot of Canal Saint Martin  Mini Loft Triplex renovated, equipped, furnished.  On the ground floor an approximately 13m2 consisting of a living area with open kitchen (with dishwasher and washing machine), old parquet.  Bathroom with Italian shower.  Upstairs is a platform with a double bed.  In the basement, room accessible by an old staircase, bedroom with twin beds, cupboard, parquet. Mini-Loft Triplex entièrement rénové, équipé, meublé.  Comprenant au rez-de-chaussée une surface d'environ 13m2 composé d'un espace à vivre avec cuisine ouverte (avec lave veisselle et lave linge), parquet chêne massif. Salle de bain avec douche à l'Italienne. A l'étage une mezzanine avec un lit double.  En sous sol, chambre accessible par un escalier ancien, une chambre avec placards intégrés, parquet A sho
8707	Le logement est décoré avec des objets récoltés au cours de voyages, très nature, très fleuri, composé uniquement de matériaux brutes et antiques ( cuire tissus bois métal ). Une sono Bose est à disposition pour brancher tous les téléphones ordinateurs mac etc..  L'appartement confortable et chaleureux est composé d'une pièce principale, une kitchenette ( plaques de cuisson, évier, micro-onde ) et une salle de bain/wc spacieuse. Pas de mauvaise surprise.	Appartement lumineux entier au charme singulier situé dans Paris au pied de Montmartre dans un quartier historique très vivant où la vie est peu couteuse. Très fleuri et frais. Situé à deux stations du métro de Pigalle, des quais et du faubourg. 25 m², cours intérieur, tout équipé. A bientôt ! Le logement est décoré avec des objets récoltés au cours de voyages, très nature, très fleuri, composé uniquement de matériaux brutes et antiques ( cuire tissus bois métal ). Une sono Bose est à disposition pour brancher tous les téléphones ordinateurs mac etc..  L'appartement confortable et chaleureux est composé d'une pièce principale, une kitchenette ( plaques de cuisson, évier, micro-onde ) et une salle de bain/wc spacieuse. Pas de mauvaise surprise. Situé à 1 minute à pied du métro, l'accès se fait par une porte cochère avec digicode, puis escalier deuxième étage.  Quartier incroyable très vivant la journée et plus calme le soir. La vie y est douce, on peut se perdre dans les ruelles au pied
8708	A typical spacious apartment in the heart of paris.  We are located very close to the Canal St Martin, the Canal de L'Ourcq, where you will enjoy the Parisian way of life. The apartment is fully equipped, with one bedroom, a large living room and an open kitchen.	We live in a cosy apartment,fully equipped with old stone walls. It is ideally situated near the Canal St Martin, the Canal de L'Ourcq, the Buttes Chaumont  and the Parc de La Villette. A typical spacious apartment in the heart of paris.  We are located very close to the Canal St Martin, the Canal de L'Ourcq, where you will enjoy the Parisian way of life. The apartment is fully equipped, with one bedroom, a large living room and an open kitchen. The whole flat will be yours! If you need anything, we will be available if you have any question. We live in a quiet Paris neighborhood bordering the canals,  draws a young, creative crowd that appreciates its picturesque atmosphere, hip boutiques, lively wine bars, and well-priced eateries. As the area gains popularity, new boutiques, cafés, and restaurants keep cropping up on both sides of the canal. Near the apartment, you will find the main shopping street (Rue du Faubourg St Martin), where stand the Boulangerie, the Boucherie, the Cheese 
8709	This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch, which means you can be 4. But I'll accept 4 people only if my flat mates are out as well, otherwise it's gonna be too crowded The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 with a huge ,fully equiped kitchen, feel free to use it if you clean up after.	I leave my room in central Paris for rent when I'm travelling, this is a shared house with 3 other chinese girls. My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  My room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch, which means you can be 4. But I'll accept 4 people only if my flat mates are out as well, otherwise it's gonna be too crowded The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 with a huge ,fully equiped kitchen, feel free to use it if you clean up after. Room, kitchen , bathroom.  you can use the kitchen for breakfast but cooking is not allowed. We had some problems with some of my previous guests , who occupied the kitchen for 24/7 and left it in a mess, disturbed my flat mates a lot. As I will rent my room when I'm travelling, my guests will probably not meet me. If you have any qu
8710	Il est prévu pour deux personnes il est simple et bien équipé. Wifi 24/24, Nespresso machine, lave linge séchant etc. Venez juste avec votre valise. 	Studio douillet et calme  juste en face du métro. Entre Villette et Canal Saint-Martin, à 10 minutes de Paris centre. Vous aimerez boulangerie, cafés, salon de thé, pharmacie, tous transports, restaurants et commerces typiques pour séjour agréable. Il est prévu pour deux personnes il est simple et bien équipé. Wifi 24/24, Nespresso machine, lave linge séchant etc. Venez juste avec votre valise. Vous profiterez entièrement de votre studio, vous y recevrez qui vous voudrez. En respectant bien sûr la tranquillité des voisins ! Je vous accueille personnellement à l'arrivée ou me ferai remplacer en cas d'impossibilité. Je suis à votre écoute tout au long de votre séjour. Vous pourrez me joindre par  téléphone en cas de besoin. Ou à travers le site de préférence. Si vous ne connaissez pas Paris, je me ferai un plaisir de vous conseiller. Vraiment très pratique, c'est la  proximité et la diversité des transports : vous êtes en 10 mn partout dans Paris à vélo, en bus, métro ou voiture. J'aime 
8711		Appartement de 55 m2 refait à neuf. A deux pas de belleville, du canal saint martin et république. Cuisine entièrement équipée, grand salon et deux chambres séparées avec deux lits double. Cour intérieure commune accessible avec table et transats.
8712	Charming flat of 30 m2 located between the Canal Saint Martin and the Buttes Chaumont, close to Metro. Overlooking courtyard with a direct view of the Eiffel Tower! A living room with kitchen, dining area. One bedroom with double bed. A bathroom with tub. Very quiet, bright and nicely furnished.	30 square m. flat next to the Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont park, calm and bright, with view on the Eiffel tower! Charming flat of 30 m2 located between the Canal Saint Martin and the Buttes Chaumont, close to Metro. Overlooking courtyard with a direct view of the Eiffel Tower! A living room with kitchen, dining area. One bedroom with double bed. A bathroom with tub. Very quiet, bright and nicely furnished. Whole flat I am available by email and phone and give you all the necessary information and tips of the area according to your desires for a great time! The apartment is located on the Boulevard de la Villette but faces the inner courtyard (so you hear small birds and not cars!). The Canal St Martin and the Buttes Chaumont are 5 min walk. You will also enjoy the pretty Place Ste Marthe and cosmopolitan Belleville. The center of Paris is very close by metro (line 11 nearby that takes you to Châtelet in 10 minutes) Line 2 in next to the apartment; line 11 at 5 min walk. Bus and 
8713	Il peut accueillir 3 personnes et une dans un grand canapé lit. Proche de toute commodités et des métros Bonne Nouvelle et Strasbourg st Denis.	Ce deux-pièces traversant donnant sur cour, très lumineux et calme est en plein centre de Paris, à 15 minutes de l'Opéra et 10 de Chatelet à pied. Situé sur les Grands boulevards , il est idéal pour le tourisme et peut accueillir 3-4 personnes.   Il peut accueillir 3 personnes et une dans un grand canapé lit. Proche de toute commodités et des métros Bonne Nouvelle et Strasbourg st Denis. Tout équipé : Plaques électriques, micro-ondes, four, machine à laver...  Nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir et nous vous expliquerons les recoins de notre quartier.
8714	This Bright and beautiful, spacious 3-bedroom apartment welcomes you to the fabulous neighborhood around the trendy rue Faubourg Saint Denis, is the perfect spot for your family Paris trip.    The apartment is fully-equipped with everything you need to make yourself at home in Paris, including WiFi, cable TV, an open kitchen with bar, and a clothes washer and tumble dryer. Up to 7 guests, 80m2.  Including fans in each room and well as cable TV. It’s easy to explore all of Paris by metro and bus from here.  But don’t forget to explore your own calm, friendly neighborhood with plenty of culture and culinary delights! in the pedestrian street, so its nice and calm, but at the same time offering you plenty of restaurants, cafes, Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris!	The apartment is fully-equipped with everything you need to make yourself at home in Paris, including WiFi, cable TV, an open kitchen with bar, and a clothes washer and tumble dryer. Up to 7 guests, 80m2 This Bright and beautiful, spacious 3-bedroom apartment welcomes you to the fabulous neighborhood around the trendy rue Faubourg Saint Denis, is the perfect spot for your family Paris trip.    The apartment is fully-equipped with everything you need to make yourself at home in Paris, including WiFi, cable TV, an open kitchen with bar, and a clothes washer and tumble dryer. Up to 7 guests, 80m2.  Including fans in each room and well as cable TV. It’s easy to explore all of Paris by metro and bus from here.  But don’t forget to explore your own calm, friendly neighborhood with plenty of culture and culinary delights! in the pedestrian street, so its nice and calm, but at the same time offering you plenty of restaurants, cafes, Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so plea
8715	26m2 in the center of Paris, on the canal Saint Martin.  One bedroom, perfect for a couple (middle size bed). The kitchen is as large as the bedroom, fully equipped (oven, mixeur, cooktop, etc.). Toilets and shower are separated.  Quiet and sunny, the flat is located at the 5th and last floor. Elevator access. 	Charming, quiet and sunny studio in the center of Paris on the canal Saint Martin. This neighborhood is one of the most lively in Paris with a lot of bars and good restaurants.  One comfortable bedroom, perfect for a couple.          26m2 in the center of Paris, on the canal Saint Martin.  One bedroom, perfect for a couple (middle size bed). The kitchen is as large as the bedroom, fully equipped (oven, mixeur, cooktop, etc.). Toilets and shower are separated.  Quiet and sunny, the flat is located at the 5th and last floor. Elevator access.  Very lively neighborhood, streets closed to cars on sundays. Stores opened 7/7 days. Convenience stores near the flat.  Lot of atypical bars and good restaurant around.  5 min on foot to the metro Republique (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11), Jacques Bonsergent (line 5) et Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 et 7). Paid parking in every street (2,40€ per hour). Lot of Velib terminal (to rent a bike - free the 1st half hour). Nombreuses bornes Velib à côté (gratuit la
8716	The apartment has a beautiful terrace and a barbecue to enjoy the sun. The apartment is very cosy and is fully equipped (2 bathrooms, washing machines, oven...). The apartment has been totally renovated in april 2013 and is very pleasant.  	Amazing loft with a beautiful view on the Canal and an amazing terrace to enjoy the sun and the barbecue. There are 2 great adult bedrooms with their own bathrooms and a beautiful bedroom for a little child. The apartment has been totally renovated and is very well located. The apartment has a beautiful terrace and a barbecue to enjoy the sun. The apartment is very cosy and is fully equipped (2 bathrooms, washing machines, oven...). The apartment has been totally renovated in april 2013 and is very pleasant.   The guests have access to the entire apartment and to all the equipments for them to have the best stay in Paris.  We will love to share with our guests a visit of our neighborhood and will let them a list with all the best places to view and discover during their stay in our apartment. The neighborhood is very nice, the canal is very relaxing but also very dynamic. There are a lot of activities organized along the canal and it is just few blocks from the Marais.  It is 5 minutes
8717	The apartment was completely renovated in 2014. It is quiet, located on the 1st floor. You  enjoy a real queen size bed with hight quality mattress.   The apartment is located in a lovely district : many bars and restaurants of all kinds (French, Italian, Turkish, Lebanese, Thai, etc.)., Bios stores, small markets, etc.. A grocery store in front of the apartment is open from 8h to 22h every day.  This is an area where you feel completely safe.	            Fully renovated 28sqm studio with designer furniture in the heart of Paris, walking distance to major tourist spots. Located 30 meters from metro station, this is an ideal apartment for your visit to The City of Love!          The apartment was completely renovated in 2014. It is quiet, located on the 1st floor. You  enjoy a real queen size bed with hight quality mattress.   The apartment is located in a lovely district : many bars and restaurants of all kinds (French, Italian, Turkish, Lebanese, Thai, etc.)., Bios stores, small markets, etc.. A grocery store in front of the apartment is open from 8h to 22h every day.  This is an area where you feel completely safe. All amenities, TV, Wifi, washing machine, ... You can reach me by email or through Whatsapp.  Easy walking distance to Gallery La Fayette (15min), Canal St Martin (15min), South Pigalle and Martyrs street (10min), Bonne nouvelle (10min), Charles de Gaulle airport (25min in taxi). A lot of restaurants, bars, thea
8718	Belle clarté dans toutes les pièces de notre appartement situé au 5e étage (ascenseur ) d'un immeuble de bon standing de 10 étages avec gardien. Séjour avec baie vitrée donnant sur le balcon . On peut y déjeuner-dîner à 6 sans problème . Coin salon dont l'un des deux canapés est convertible (lit 2 places) . Chambre conjugale lit 160 (literie neuve) Chambre d'amis avec lit en 120 (un adulte ou deux enfants) Cuisine plutôt spacieuse toute équipée , avec table pour trois. La décoration ajoute la couleur à la clarté ambiante.  . 	Exposé Sud-Sud-Ouest, très lumineux, grand balcon et parking Vue dégagée sur le ciel de Paris et la Tour Eiffel Bel ensemble architectural moderne donnant sur quartier piéton Proximité du Centre de Paris Idéal 3 à 5 personnes  Tous Commerces Belle clarté dans toutes les pièces de notre appartement situé au 5e étage (ascenseur ) d'un immeuble de bon standing de 10 étages avec gardien. Séjour avec baie vitrée donnant sur le balcon . On peut y déjeuner-dîner à 6 sans problème . Coin salon dont l'un des deux canapés est convertible (lit 2 places) . Chambre conjugale lit 160 (literie neuve) Chambre d'amis avec lit en 120 (un adulte ou deux enfants) Cuisine plutôt spacieuse toute équipée , avec table pour trois. La décoration ajoute la couleur à la clarté ambiante.  . Accès à tout l'appartement Linge de maison fourni Animaux non admis Cigarette exclusivement sur le balcon. Nous ne serons pas sur place mais serons joignables  et en notre absence l'accueil dans les lieux est aussi bien organis
8719	Hi,  I am renting a 24 m2 one room flat, with one separate kitchen and bathroom.  There is a comfortable double bed, a sofa, a TV screen, WIFI, a table in the main room with bow window on a quiet street well exposed. The kitchen is small but convenient with a stove, an electric oven, a small fridge, a washing machine, and everything you need to cook simply.  The shower is small but convenient.  The apartment is situated 2 minutes from the famous bohemian Canal Saint Martin and 5 min walk from the park of Buttes Chaumont and La Villette where you get to enjoy how parisien really lives in paris ! There are lots of bars, restaurants, crazy boulangerie and cheese and wine shops all around.   Thanks to the subway connexions (line 4, 7, 2 and RER B), you will also be very close to the wonders of center Paris (approximatively 20 min from Chatelet the center station), and close to the first parisian stop from Charles de Gaulle airport (gare du Nord).Ideal for 2 persons max.  See you soon	I rent a 1 room flat, with a kitchen, 1 small bathroom, very close to the canal saint martin and close to many metro line (2, 4, 7) train station (nord and est) and close to the CDG airport (via Rer B). See you soon Hi,  I am renting a 24 m2 one room flat, with one separate kitchen and bathroom.  There is a comfortable double bed, a sofa, a TV screen, WIFI, a table in the main room with bow window on a quiet street well exposed. The kitchen is small but convenient with a stove, an electric oven, a small fridge, a washing machine, and everything you need to cook simply.  The shower is small but convenient.  The apartment is situated 2 minutes from the famous bohemian Canal Saint Martin and 5 min walk from the park of Buttes Chaumont and La Villette where you get to enjoy how parisien really lives in paris ! There are lots of bars, restaurants, crazy boulangerie and cheese and wine shops all around.   Thanks to the subway connexions (line 4, 7, 2 and RER B), you will also be very close t
8720	Wooden floor, moulding, marble fireplaces, a cute apartment, light and quiet, ideal for one couple, or two (sofa-bed)!	Lovely typical Parisian flat with nice view. Simple and well decorated, it is ideal for a couple looking to stay in a trendy/friendly area, full of great cafés and restaurants. Central & only a few minutes away from well-connected République station. Wooden floor, moulding, marble fireplaces, a cute apartment, light and quiet, ideal for one couple, or two (sofa-bed)! Available by email and phone. Canal St Martin is nice, young and trendy. Plenty of cafés and restaurants. We recommend walks by the canal, drinks at Chez Prune, Comptoir Général or Café A, morning coffee at Holly Belly (1 min away) or 10 Belles (3 mins). We can provide a list of all our favorite restaurants on demand, all within a 10 minutes walk. Metros: 3 mins walk to Jacques Bonsergent 6 mins walk to Gare de l'Est and Chateau d'eau 8 mins walk to République and Strasbourg St Denis 10 mins walk to Gare du Nord (useful travelling to/from Roissy Airport on RER B) 5th floor, no elevator On the bright side, this means a nice
8721	Haussmann apartment: parquet floor, moldings, marble fireplaces, the true Parisian charm. It is equipped with an open kitchen and allows cozy dinners around the bar.	Elegant apartment in a 1850's Haussmann building: parquet floor, moldings, marble fireplaces, the true Parisian charm. Located in the 10 th. arrondissement, near the Canal Saint Martin.    Haussmann apartment: parquet floor, moldings, marble fireplaces, the true Parisian charm. It is equipped with an open kitchen and allows cozy dinners around the bar. Guests have access to the full apartment: 2 bedrooms, a large living room and a bathroom with a toilet apart. We welcome you on arrival and will also be present at your departure . Also living in Paris , we will also be available if you have any problems. Most tourist sights are a few metro stops or walking distance : Ourcq Canal , Butte Chaumont, Villette Park , Pigalle , Montmartre, Canal St Martin , République, Le Marais . Notre Dame : 20 minutes by metro / bus; Sacred Heart : 15 minutes by subway ; Louvre / Tuileries : 15 minutes by metro / bus; Eiffel Tower : 30 minutes by subway ; Centre Pompidou : 10 minutes by metro / bus; Disney
8722	This tastefully decorated and modern 50sqm Alcove Studio apartment is located rue du Faubourg Saint Denis in the 10th arrondissement, on the ground French floor of 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.	"This lovely clean and tastefully decorated 50sqm Alcove Studio apartment is located  in a wonderfully vibrant and bustling neighbourhood, at the heart of Paris. Evertyhting is near by, all in all, to have a wonderfull stress-free stay in Paris. This tastefully decorated and modern 50sqm Alcove Studio apartment is located rue du Faubourg Saint Denis in the 10th arrondissement, on the ground French floor of 19th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, TV. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. located at the limit between the 2nd and the 10th arrondissement. Five minutes from ""Gare du nord station"". 10 minutes walking from Chatelet les halles. 11 minutes from Opéra the flat is near to several interesting places of Paris, close to the Sacré Coeur, the Opéra, and the Canal Saint Martin. Very close also of the “Quartier Montorgueil”, with a lot of stores and shop"
8723		Grande chambre meublée dans un bel appartement de 60 m2 entièrement équipé, au centre de Paris, tout près de la Gare du Nord.  De nombreux transports, de nombreux commerces, un quartier vivant et agréable. L'endroit idéal pour votre séjour à Paris!
8724	Ideally located between the Buttes Chaumont and the canal saint martin, my apartment is a large studio, quiet and overlooking a green area. The apartment consists of a spacious living room, separated by a library to make the sleeping corner more intimate. The sleeping area can accommodate 2 people (bed 140 * 200) and in the living room, a sofa bed can host one other person (bed 120 * 200). It has a functional kitchen that contains all the appliances you need to make good food. Its large bath will refresh you this summer and separate toilet attend your privacy. The area has lots of cool bars and restaurant! Rather bohemian district to Saint Martin canal and the Buttes Chaumont, but not far from Belleville to the east where the most popular spirit is to go. To the west of the district,  place of Stalingrad is a must for a drink in the sun and watch the life of the canal ourcq. Located on Line 2 which goes from nation to place de l'étoile, buses also bring to the Pompidou center, châtelet	Ideally located between the Buttes Chaumont and the canal saint martin, my apartment is a large studio, quiet and overlooking a green area. The apartment consists of a spacious living room, separated by a library to make the sleeping corner more intimate. The sleeping area can accommodate 2 people (bed 140 * 200) and in the living room, a sofa bed can host one other person (bed 120 * 200). It has a functional kitchen that contains all the appliances you need to make good food. Its large bath will refresh you this summer and separate toilet attend your privacy. The area has lots of cool bars and restaurant! Rather bohemian district to Saint Martin canal and the Buttes Chaumont, but not far from Belleville to the east where the most popular spirit is to go. To the west of the district,  place of Stalingrad is a must for a drink in the sun and watch the life of the canal ourcq. Located on Line 2 which goes from nation to place de l'étoile, buses also bring to the Pompidou center, châtelet
8725		Studio très ensoleillé, exposé sud-sud ouest, avec vue dégagée, dans un immeuble typiquement parisien à deux pas du Canal St Martin et des quartiers animés. Idéal pour un couple voulant profiter de quelques jours dans la capitale.
8726	Superbe appartement dans le quartier de Montorgueil et de l'Opéra!Un appartement moderne de 60m2, qui peut loger jusqu'à 6 personnes. 2 chambres double, un grand salon avec un canapé lit de haute qualité, 1 salle de bain, 1 toilette. Une cuisine pratique et bien équipée!La station metro la plus proche est Grand Boulevard, lignes 8 et 9.A quelque pas de l'Opéra, cet appartement se trouve dans un quartier vivant et bien connecté pour visiter Paris!Bars, restaurants juste à coté et les renommées Galeries Lafayette en moins de 10 minutes à pied!Idéal pour voyage en groupes ou en famille! 	Nous venons de finir nos travaux pour bien vous accueillir dans notre belle capitale! Notre 3 pièces avec 2 chambres séparées pour 6 personnes est entièrement  équipé pour vos séjours, courts ou longs. Superbe appartement dans le quartier de Montorgueil et de l'Opéra!Un appartement moderne de 60m2, qui peut loger jusqu'à 6 personnes. 2 chambres double, un grand salon avec un canapé lit de haute qualité, 1 salle de bain, 1 toilette. Une cuisine pratique et bien équipée!La station metro la plus proche est Grand Boulevard, lignes 8 et 9.A quelque pas de l'Opéra, cet appartement se trouve dans un quartier vivant et bien connecté pour visiter Paris!Bars, restaurants juste à coté et les renommées Galeries Lafayette en moins de 10 minutes à pied!Idéal pour voyage en groupes ou en famille!
8727		       27m2 studio flat, all equipped, 50 meters from Canal St. Martin, extremely well located. I am renting the flat ideally from 5th august to 2nd september. Dates can be flexible -/+ 3 days. I can negociate a monthly rate. Just message me.
8728	Situe a l arrière de la Gare du Nord Vue imprenable sur le Sacre Cœur 	Joli petit appartement situe a 2 pas de la gare du Nord, en plein cœur du 10 eme arrondissement de Paris Proximité des commerces et restaurants. Small nice appartment, closed to Gare du Nord, in the heart of The 10th quarter of Paris Closed to shops and restaurants Situe a l arrière de la Gare du Nord Vue imprenable sur le Sacre Cœur Joli petit appartement idéal pour visiter Paris L espace est petit mais bien organise et optimise  Il est entièrement équipe avec un coin cuisine, un salon avec canapé convertible, une douche. Les toilettes sont sur le palier temporairement en attente de travaux. Accueil et conseil aux voyageurs fait par Solenn Quartier agréable et vivant Un quartier populaire de la capitale Métro 4,5, 2 RER B, D, E Bus (phone number hidden)
8729		Chambre spacieuse donnant sur une cour dans appartement de 70 m2 comprenant 2 chambres, un salon, cuisine, salle de bains,wc. Proche du métro Jacques Bonsergent ligne 5 et à 5 mn du métro République. Location à la semaine
8730		Joli 2 pièces lumineux car au 4è et dernier étage d'un immeuble typique 1900. A quelques pas des bars branchés du canal, des petits commerces de la rue du Fbg St Martin, il offre un cadre idyllique pour profiter des multiples facettes de Paris.
8731	It's a sofa, but what a sofa !  If you wanna visit Paris on his habit, not a tourisitc district despite beautiful with the Canal Saint Martin.  We will share the Kitchen, (oven, fridge, cooking has to be shared with myself, I would enjoy to exchange cooking lesson) We will share the bath room, but not in the same time :-) The flat is at 15 minutes walking from Gare Du Nord, (who is the main RER station when you come from airport) and it's less than 10 minutes from Gare de l'Est. The street is quite, but the district is good to hang out. So good beker just in the corner. A picnic along the Canal, a rommantic sitht see in Buttes chaumond. A poetic visit in Paire lachaise, (or Momatre if you like common touristic place) What else ? 	A comfortable couch in one of the most beautiful district of Paris. Well placed to sightsee, or for transport close to the romantic Canal Saint Martin. And with the last but not the least a such nice host:) It's a sofa, but what a sofa !  If you wanna visit Paris on his habit, not a tourisitc district despite beautiful with the Canal Saint Martin.  We will share the Kitchen, (oven, fridge, cooking has to be shared with myself, I would enjoy to exchange cooking lesson) We will share the bath room, but not in the same time :-) The flat is at 15 minutes walking from Gare Du Nord, (who is the main RER station when you come from airport) and it's less than 10 minutes from Gare de l'Est. The street is quite, but the district is good to hang out. So good beker just in the corner. A picnic along the Canal, a rommantic sitht see in Buttes chaumond. A poetic visit in Paire lachaise, (or Momatre if you like common touristic place) What else ? Kitchen, bath room, Internet with wifi and a laptop av
8732	Our apartment is at the 10th arrondissement of Paris, near Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Canal St. Martin. The neighbourhood is nice and right where the apartment is, it's super calm.  	Hey guys we rent one of our rooms, actually the apartment is empty, so if you're looking a place for 4 you can check my other announces  Our apartment is at the 10th arrondissement of Paris, near Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Canal St. Martin. The neighbourhood is nice and right where the apartment is, it's super calm.   All the apartment: closets, bed lingerie, towels, kitchen, everything :-) As long we could, we'd love to show you the city if you want, and you can call me or message me whenever you need me. It's very mixed, every corner of this neighborhood is different, you would like it as we do. Moving around is super easy, we have a lot of metro lines, trains and buses near, to get to the apartment maybe line 7 is the closest, but I promise that in terms of public transportation is perfect.
8733		Appartement de 2 pièces (28 m2) au 6ième étage avec vue sur coeur d'ilot parisien. Situé dans le quartier de Belleville, tout proche du canal Saint Martin, c'est un endroit idéal pour profiter des lieux touristiques branchés, dynamiques ou insolites.
8734	Charming appartment of 2 rooms, 25 m2, 3rd floor without elevator, ideally located in the center of Paris !  You can find close to the flat : - at 100 m: the Canal St Martin, with its bridges, its bars and cafés, a great atmosphere, particularly when the weather is good. Perfect for a picnic ! In the bars of the area, very typical, you'll find young, cool and friendly people.  - at 100 m : Place de la République, perfect for the subway : lignes 3, 8, 9, 11, 5. - at 2 subway stations (l.5): Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est. - areas you can go walking : le Marais, Bastille, Oberkampf, Grands Boulevards. The flat, you'll have at your entire disposal, is full of charme, luminous, with wooden floor and a fireplace (the fireplace doesn't work). It is quiet and calm. It is fully equiped :  The bed is a sofa bed very confortable and large. The bathroom has a tube and toilets.  The kitchen has a fridge, 2 electric hotplates, 1 sink, 1 oven. There is wifi internet in the flat, a television, an iron	Charming 2 rooms appartment, welcoming, cozy and typically Parisian ! Conveniently located in Paris , very central and 5 metro lines nearby (lines 3, 5 , 8, 9 , 11) . Trendy and nice area, while remaining quiet at night. Charming appartment of 2 rooms, 25 m2, 3rd floor without elevator, ideally located in the center of Paris !  You can find close to the flat : - at 100 m: the Canal St Martin, with its bridges, its bars and cafés, a great atmosphere, particularly when the weather is good. Perfect for a picnic ! In the bars of the area, very typical, you'll find young, cool and friendly people.  - at 100 m : Place de la République, perfect for the subway : lignes 3, 8, 9, 11, 5. - at 2 subway stations (l.5): Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est. - areas you can go walking : le Marais, Bastille, Oberkampf, Grands Boulevards. The flat, you'll have at your entire disposal, is full of charme, luminous, with wooden floor and a fireplace (the fireplace doesn't work). It is quiet and calm. It is fully
8735	"This studio apartment is located in the 19th quarter of Paris close to ""quais de seine"" and ""quais de Loire"". The place is on the second floor without elevators and has everything you will need to have a good stay in Paris. -2 Places sofa/bed -soap, toilet paper, sheets, and towels -kitchen -wireless internet -TV"	"Beautiful studio apartment in the north of Paris which will allow you to enjoy the Parisian life! Easy to access and near the metro station. Perfect for two people. This studio apartment is located in the 19th quarter of Paris close to ""quais de seine"" and ""quais de Loire"". The place is on the second floor without elevators and has everything you will need to have a good stay in Paris. -2 Places sofa/bed -soap, toilet paper, sheets, and towels -kitchen -wireless internet -TV The guests will have access to the whole place except my closet.  Some shelves will be available for your belongings. We will be available by e-mail or Whatsapp. The neighborhood is alive with some bars, cinema, restaurants, etc.  You'll find all the amenities you'll need nearby. There are many stores and affordable supermarkets, cafes and restaurants. What I really like about the neighborhood, really, is that it is extremely close to everything. Transportation is extremely convenient. The subway is right outside t"
8736	 1100 sq. ft (102 m²) apartment on 2nd/3d floor of building built in 1900. Two-minute walk to Gare du Nord train station and Poissonnière metro stop. All public transport options are easily reachable: Metro: lines 4, 5, 7 RER: B, D, E Bus: N°42 / N°43 / N°39 / N°26 / N°31 / N°30 / N° 56 Velib (shared bicycle) and Taxi Ideal for a weekend or a week-long visit to Paris. Montmartre as well as the Printemps and Galeries Lafayette department stores are within walking distance. Disneyland Paris is an hour away by RER. Close to all convenience stores (bakery, grocery store, pharmacy, restaurants, ...). The apartment has 2 large rooms, each with double bed. One bed has bars for children. (this infant not counted in number of persons renting). The main room has a dinner space with a large table seating 10 persons. The room has a great view of the St Vincent de Paul Church, beautiful at night! The living room area has 2 sofas. First one allows two adults to sleep comfortably. The other sofa suit	 1100 sq. ft (102 m²) apartment on 2nd/3d floor of building built in 1900. Two-minute walk to Gare du Nord train station and Poissonnière metro stop. All public transport options are easily reachable: Metro: lines 4, 5, 7 RER: B, D, E Bus: N°42 / N°43 / N°39 / N°26 / N°31 / N°30 / N° 56 Velib (shared bicycle) and Taxi Ideal for a weekend or a week-long visit to Paris. Montmartre as well as the Printemps and Galeries Lafayette department stores are within walking distance. Disneyland Paris is an hour away by RER. Close to all convenience stores (bakery, grocery store, pharmacy, restaurants, ...). The apartment has 2 large rooms, each with double bed. One bed has bars for children. (this infant not counted in number of persons renting). The main room has a dinner space with a large table seating 10 persons. The room has a great view of the St Vincent de Paul Church, beautiful at night! The living room area has 2 sofas. First one allows two adults to sleep comfortably. The other sofa suit
8737	The apartment, located on the 4th floor (with elevator), is composed of two separate rooms. From the entrance you access the day area; on the left there is a wall-closet with mirror, at the back you find a small yet lovely kitchenette, provided with an island where to have a quick lunch or breakfast.  At the back of the room there is the sitting corner, furnished with a double sofa bed (140 cm), a green armchair and two glazed windows overlooking the canal.  Opposite the sofa there is an opening leading into the second room -the bedroom- furnished with a double bed (160 cm) and a writing desk.  Please keep in mind that the two rooms are not separated by doors.  On the left of the kitchen there is the bathroom, which is fitted with tub, basin and toilet. 	Lovely studio apartment composed of two separate environments of about 37 sqmt, bright and panoramic, located in one of the trendiest areas of Paris, along the banks of Saint Martin canal, perfect to explore Paris from a different perspective.  The apartment, located on the 4th floor (with elevator), is composed of two separate rooms. From the entrance you access the day area; on the left there is a wall-closet with mirror, at the back you find a small yet lovely kitchenette, provided with an island where to have a quick lunch or breakfast.  At the back of the room there is the sitting corner, furnished with a double sofa bed (140 cm), a green armchair and two glazed windows overlooking the canal.  Opposite the sofa there is an opening leading into the second room -the bedroom- furnished with a double bed (160 cm) and a writing desk.  Please keep in mind that the two rooms are not separated by doors.  On the left of the kitchen there is the bathroom, which is fitted with tub, basin and
8738	This fully renovated flat is fully equipped. At the 3st floor you will discover a private bed room, US Kitchen, and comfortable living room.  You will enjoy the quietness of this place which is only 5min walking from the Famous Canal Saint Martin and from many Restaurants and Bras (including a delicious gluten-free bakery!)	Ideal for couple, discover this fully renovated flat - Private room with Double Bed -  Equipped kitchen Many restaurants and bars nearby A block away from Republique tube. 3 stops from Gare du Nord, 15min Walking from Gare de l'Est/Le Marais  This fully renovated flat is fully equipped. At the 3st floor you will discover a private bed room, US Kitchen, and comfortable living room.  You will enjoy the quietness of this place which is only 5min walking from the Famous Canal Saint Martin and from many Restaurants and Bras (including a delicious gluten-free bakery!) You will have access to every things you need for great days in Paris : - Wifi - Equipped Kitchen - Comfortable bathroom - Dish Washer - Washing Machine - Hair Dryer Please note that sadly there is no elevator I will likely be in Paris so I will be available in case of any questions. If not, I will be reachable by mail or phone whenever you need It’s in a great and lively area next to the famous Canal St Martin (Paris 10ème) an
8739	(READ until the end please) Experience a traditional french apartment located in the center of Paris. The pictures will show you how unique your experience will be. You will be from :  * Champs Elysées : 20 minutes  * Montmartre : 5 minutes * Canal Saint Martin : 1 minute  * Galerie Lafayette : 10 minutes  * The river : 20 minutes  * The Louvre : 20 minutes  Just so you know, I am not a real estate agent. I rent my place which means I personally make sure everything is fine and I will make my best to help and assist you. What you see is what you get: pictures have been taken by an  photographer. Please let me know if you need any additional information. Good to know and important:  * The apartment is best suitable for two people. I only accept an other other person, because i have an airbed. * The apartment is on the 1st floor with elevator.  * The bed is a real queen size bed with an excellent quality mattress.  * If you need to stay less than the minimum required number of nights, pl	Lovely Flat in Paris, near Montmarte and The canal Saint Martin. (READ until the end please) Experience a traditional french apartment located in the center of Paris. The pictures will show you how unique your experience will be. You will be from :  * Champs Elysées : 20 minutes  * Montmartre : 5 minutes * Canal Saint Martin : 1 minute  * Galerie Lafayette : 10 minutes  * The river : 20 minutes  * The Louvre : 20 minutes  Just so you know, I am not a real estate agent. I rent my place which means I personally make sure everything is fine and I will make my best to help and assist you. What you see is what you get: pictures have been taken by an  photographer. Please let me know if you need any additional information. Good to know and important:  * The apartment is best suitable for two people. I only accept an other other person, because i have an airbed. * The apartment is on the 1st floor with elevator.  * The bed is a real queen size bed with an excellent quality mattress.  * If you
8740	Appartement bien situé au second étage au calme avec vue sur cour intérieure. 	Charmant studio dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris à proximité de la Gare de l'Est et de la Gare du Nord. Appartement bien équipé dans une cour intérieure. Appartement bien situé au second étage au calme avec vue sur cour intérieure. - Cuisine entièrement équipée avec micro-onde, plaque électrique, placard et cafetière Dolce Gusto - Machine à laver - Lit en mezzanine, canapé et télé écran plat - Meubles de rangement - Salle de bain privative avec douche et WC - Serviettes et draps de lit sont inclus Vous aurez l'usage exclusif de l'appartement. Un quartier toujours animé où on se sent à l'aise même en rentrant tard le soir. Proche des gares de l'Est et du Nord. Bien situé car au cœur de Paris et des grands boulevards pour pouvoir profiter des spectacles en soirée. Métro lignes 4, 8 et 9. Arrêt Strasbourg St Denis à 2 minutes à pied de l'appartement. A 10 minutes à pied de la rue Montorgueil et 1/4h des Halles. 
8741	You'll love the central location, breathtaking views, and total quietness of this spacious apartment.  For guests who wish to stay away from soulless furnished rentals! The recent refurbishing, stylish and comfortable furniture are the signature of a renown Parisian interior designer.  The apartment offers a well-separated bedroom, a large living room with dining area and desk, a bathroom and independent WC. If needed, the sofa can be easily turned into a comfy bed. It is located on the top floor of a 19th century Haussmannian building, accessible by elevator (half-floor walk up).	Large (65sqm / 700sqft) one bedroom apartment, amazing views over the roofs of Paris and the Eifel Tower. Perfectly quiet and ideally located in the most lively neighborhood of the city center. You'll love the central location, breathtaking views, and total quietness of this spacious apartment.  For guests who wish to stay away from soulless furnished rentals! The recent refurbishing, stylish and comfortable furniture are the signature of a renown Parisian interior designer.  The apartment offers a well-separated bedroom, a large living room with dining area and desk, a bathroom and independent WC. If needed, the sofa can be easily turned into a comfy bed. It is located on the top floor of a 19th century Haussmannian building, accessible by elevator (half-floor walk up). The flat is situated in the very central theater district and typically Parisian FSB (Faubourg St Denis) - Grand Boulevards neighborhood. It is historically a popular neighborhood where long time residents mash up with
8742	70 sqm in the heart of Paris. Apartment Friendly, Functional, in central Paris. Television, Internet, Wifi. Possibility 5 people, depending on your compromise on comfort Sleeps in first room, a 140x200 bed, second bedroom, a 90x190 bed and a sofa 120x190	"70 sqm in the heart of Paris. Apartment Friendly, Functional, in central Paris. Television, Internet, Wifi. Possibility 5 people, depending on your compromise on comfort Sleeps in first room, a 140x200 bed, second bedroom, a 90x190 bed and a sofa 120x190 Métro station ""Bonne Nouvelle"" Line 8 & 9 English Theater district and Museums, the Grand Boulevard for strolling, and enjoy numerous restaurants, shops ... In the center of Paris, helps to be up to 20 minutes of all Paris. Metro, Bus, depending on your preference ... 5th Floor"
8743		This is one bedroom flat, with one large bed (2people), and a convertible sofa(2p). TV & Internet access,  Bathroom with bath & laundry. Kitchen & Toilets separated. located in middle of Paris (2nd arrondissement), very close to Rex Theater/club.   
8744	At the top of the building, this beautiful apartment of 40 Sqmeters, totally renewed in 2013, welcomes you in a bright atmosphere in Paris center.  A well equipped kitchen, opened on a dining room area, and a very comfortable and large living room. The apartment has Internet wi-fi, speakers and a beautiful bathroom with large shower and toilet.  For breakfast, you can go to bakeries on the canal and contemplate canal boats All buses, metro, trains and taxis lead you in Gare du Nord to London in 10 mns or CDG and Orly airports.  Five minutes walking from the Marais, you will enjoy the best restaurants, shops, architecture and museums (Picasso museum has just reopened).   	At the top of the building, this beautiful apartment of 40 Sqmeters, totally renewed in 2013, welcomes you in a bright atmosphere in Paris center.  A well equipped kitchen, opened on a dining room area, and a very comfortable and large living room. The apartment has Internet wi-fi, speakers and a beautiful bathroom with large shower and toilet.  For breakfast, you can go to bakeries on the canal and contemplate canal boats All buses, metro, trains and taxis lead you in Gare du Nord to London in 10 mns or CDG and Orly airports.  Five minutes walking from the Marais, you will enjoy the best restaurants, shops, architecture and museums (Picasso museum has just reopened).   
8745	Charming attic 45m² apartment on the 4th floor (no lift), Opened space with the bedroom (double bed) on the mezzanine. The location is very luminous and quiet.	Charming, atypical and luminous 45m² appartment for 2 persons in a calm area (Goncourt) between Republique, Belleville and Canal St Martin. Metro lines : (phone number hidden) Bus lines : 46, 75 Charming attic 45m² apartment on the 4th floor (no lift), Opened space with the bedroom (double bed) on the mezzanine. The location is very luminous and quiet. You can enjoy a nice dining / living room . The suitable apartment has a fully furnished kitchen including refrigerator, freezer, oven, induction stove, kettle, toaster, dish washer, washing machine, not to mention all .  You also get a very cozy bedroom under the Roof (where you can stand up), Small bathroom with shower in italian style.  Working area with wireless internet connection. I wellcome my guests, answer their questions and i let them discover the place. If i'm not here, we communicate by email in order to define all the details. You will be in a trendy and popular neighborhood, between Republic  and Belleville (  3 metro stat
8746		Spacious and charming flat in Paris  Accommodation for 2/3 persons (bed + sofa) Near to the Canal saint Martin and the Buttes Chaumont Fabulous view of the Sacré Coeur from the living room  Discover it without further delay to enjoy Paris !
8747		Very calm  38sq meters apartment with direct view on the Canal St Martin and all its refreshing, up-and-going restaurants and cafés. The appartement enjoys natural light all day long, and is fully equipped to let your enjoy your stay 100%.
8748	3/4 pièces tout confort Salon avec canapé convertible (lit double) Salle à manger  2 chambres (2 x 1 lit double) dont l'une avec salle de bains (avec baignoire)  Cuisine au gaz + four + lave-vaisselle Internet wifi  Chaîne hi-fi avec câble jack Toilettes séparées  Linge de maison fourni (torchons, draps, serviettes) Logement au 2ème étage et au calme (sur cour)	Au cœur de Paris (métros République, Jacques Bonsergent et Château d'Eau), profitez d'un appartement sur cour. 3/4 pièces tout confort. Cuisine + salle de bains avec baignoire. Accueil simple et chaleureux. 5 min Canal. Feel like home ! 3/4 pièces tout confort Salon avec canapé convertible (lit double) Salle à manger  2 chambres (2 x 1 lit double) dont l'une avec salle de bains (avec baignoire)  Cuisine au gaz + four + lave-vaisselle Internet wifi  Chaîne hi-fi avec câble jack Toilettes séparées  Linge de maison fourni (torchons, draps, serviettes) Logement au 2ème étage et au calme (sur cour) Nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants et boutiques dans le quartier. Situé entre République, Château d'Eau et Jacques Bonsergent. A proximité directe du Canal et du Marais. Idéal pour visiter Paris. Train : Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est à proximité.  Métro : lignes 4, 5, 8, 9, 11 (stations Château d'Eau, Jacques Bonsergent, République et Strasbourg Saint-Denis) à proximité.  Parking Vinci à 7 min
8749	(ENGLISH VERSION below) Propriétaire de l'appartement, il est entièrement équipé et vient d'être refait à neuf.  Il est très fonctionnel, comprend une machine à laver, un four à micro-ondes, un four traditionnel, une machine à café, un canapé lit dans le salon pour loger 2 personnes supplémentaires.  Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans une copropriété très bien tenue, il dispose d'une vue très claire sur la rue du Chateau d'eau grâce à ses 3 grandes fenêtres double vitrage qui ouvrent sur un balcon filant tout le long de l'appartement.  La chambre a conservé le charme de l'ancien avec une magnifique cheminée et miroir en bronze.  Il est possible de diner à 2 sur le balcon ou de prendre l'apéritif à plusieurs. Owner of the apartment, it is fully equipped and newly renovated. It is very functional, includes a washing machine, a microwave, an oven, a coffee machine, a sofa bed in the living room to accommodate 2 additional people. Located on the 5th floor (no elevator) in a well kep	Typical 28m2 apartment with long balcony fully equipped, can comfortably accommodate 2 pers with 1 double bed (120 cm) & 2 extra pers with 1 sofa bed (140cm) in the living Métro Chateau d'eau 2 ', direct from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, St Michel 10' walk République & Canal St Martin (ENGLISH VERSION below) Propriétaire de l'appartement, il est entièrement équipé et vient d'être refait à neuf.  Il est très fonctionnel, comprend une machine à laver, un four à micro-ondes, un four traditionnel, une machine à café, un canapé lit dans le salon pour loger 2 personnes supplémentaires.  Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans une copropriété très bien tenue, il dispose d'une vue très claire sur la rue du Chateau d'eau grâce à ses 3 grandes fenêtres double vitrage qui ouvrent sur un balcon filant tout le long de l'appartement.  La chambre a conservé le charme de l'ancien avec une magnifique cheminée et miroir en bronze.  Il est possible de diner à 2 sur le balcon ou de prendre l'apéritif à 
8750	"Studio30m2 channel stmartin  My studio is located in a beautiful street near the Canal St Martin and ""le marais"" who is  a historic district in Paris,  it hosts many outstanding buildings of historic and architectural importance. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine). A quiet apartment with a queen size bed, an internet connexion, a television, a kitchen, a new bathroom. Everything is  clean and comfortable. it´s located on the 4th floor Perfect for a couple who want to discover Paris. The appartment is also located near the best bakery of paris and a great theater called l'Alhambra where Morrisay , Murray Head and many more already performed. This place has faithfully continued the music hall tradition of the old one, with an eclectic array of performers  from the worlds of indie rock, jazz, etc.... Hope to sse you soon in Paris ! !"	"Studio30m2 channel stmartin  My studio is located in a beautiful street near the Canal St Martin and ""le marais"" who is  a historic district in Paris,  it hosts many outstanding buildings of historic and architectural importance. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine). A quiet apartment with a queen size bed, an internet connexion, a television, a kitchen, a new bathroom. Everything is  clean and comfortable. it´s located on the 4th floor Perfect for a couple who want to discover Paris. The appartment is also located near the best bakery of paris and a great theater called l'Alhambra where Morrisay , Murray Head and many more already performed. This place has faithfully continued the music hall tradition of the old one, with an eclectic array of performers  from the worlds of indie rock, jazz, etc.... Hope to sse you soon in Paris ! !"
8751	Tres calme  Large living room 	Cosy one bedroom in the heart of Paris  Metro Bonne Nouvelle Very nice renovated 1 bedroom apartment.  Very quiet courtyard.  Very bright and light Tres calme  Large living room Internet WIFI TV All equipped appartment Large courtyard,  Metro 8  Stop: Bonne Nouvelle
8752	This 33 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Republique area in Paris, close to Le Marais. This fully furnished and equipped apartment  is on the second floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator. There is coded system and a buzzer.  The apartment can welcome  two or three persons. In the main room there is a single bed (1 person) and a sofa bed (Full size bed - 2 persons) The apartment features carpet floor in the main room, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a fridge, a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). . There is a fully tiled   bathroom with toilets, shower, washbowl. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable chanels is available. 	This 33m2 studio, fully furnished an equipped, is on the 2d floor of a walk up building from the nineteenth century. All the windows open on a garden. Located in the historical heart of Paris. Close to many theaters, restaurants & cafes with terrace This 33 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Republique area in Paris, close to Le Marais. This fully furnished and equipped apartment  is on the second floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator. There is coded system and a buzzer.  The apartment can welcome  two or three persons. In the main room there is a single bed (1 person) and a sofa bed (Full size bed - 2 persons) The apartment features carpet floor in the main room, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a fridge, a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). . There is a fully tiled   bathroom with toilets, shower,
8753	The appartment is a huge 3-floor flat with 3 big rooms very well isolated each others. The biggest room (25 m²)  at the first floor has her private bathroom.  The big living room and the kitchen are both at the 2nd floors. Depending on the dates we have 1 or 2 rooms to rent (2 big rooms - approx. 18m² & 14m²) + 1 bathroom at the 3rd floor. PRICES : We can adjust the prices depending on the duration of your stay and the number of persons.  The indicated prices is based on a Week-end basis (2 nights) basis for 2 persons.	The appartment is a huge 3-floor flat with 3 big rooms very well isolated each others. The biggest room (25 m²)  at the first floor has her private bathroom.  The big living room and the kitchen are both at the 2nd floors. Depending on the dates we have 1 or 2 rooms to rent (2 big rooms - approx. 18m² & 14m²) + 1 bathroom at the 3rd floor. PRICES : We can adjust the prices depending on the duration of your stay and the number of persons.  The indicated prices is based on a Week-end basis (2 nights) basis for 2 persons. 1 room is available for renting (Sometimes 2 rooms) You've access to all the appartment and equipment. Depending of the dates, one/2 persons could be present in the appartment but will do everything to make you fell like you're alone and make this appartment yours. However we'll try to give you all the ideas / tips to make your journeys as pleasant as possible to enjoy Paris : secret places to visit, very good but non touristic restaurants,... close to the appartment or 
8754	Petit studio neuf et bien conçu. Situé a 10min du centre de Paris, au coeur de belleville, quartier multiculturel et artistique.  L'appartement ne possède pas internet, mais de nombreux cafés autour offrent la wifi. Une bonne laverie se trouve à 5m en face de l'immeuble, ainsi que tous les commerces (adorable primeur en bas, boucheries et monoprix dans la rue, ainsi que plusieurs théatres)	"Loue studio/Atelier au coeur d'un quartier mythique de paris. Idéalement situé à deux pas de république, d'oberkampf, des quais de seine et des buttes chaumont! Je vous propose d'expérimenter mon ""studatelier"" mi appartement/mi atelier d'artiste. Petit studio neuf et bien conçu. Situé a 10min du centre de Paris, au coeur de belleville, quartier multiculturel et artistique.  L'appartement ne possède pas internet, mais de nombreux cafés autour offrent la wifi. Une bonne laverie se trouve à 5m en face de l'immeuble, ainsi que tous les commerces (adorable primeur en bas, boucheries et monoprix dans la rue, ainsi que plusieurs théatres) Belleville, quartier populaire des artistes et musiciens, petit ""village"", qui permet de découvrir paris sous un autre angle. Appartement à 200m du métro goncourt (ligne 11), et 300 du métro Belleville (ligne 2), et 10min à pied du métro république (lignes 5, 8, 9,3 et 11) Appartement à 200m du métro goncourt ligne 11, et 300 du métro Belleville (ligne 2), e"
8755	Le logement est très calme pour un appartement parisien. Il a été refait entièrement il y a 3 ans, est donc très propre et bien agencé. La cour est pleine de charme. 	In the heart of Paris, at the Canal St Martin, in a very trendy area, we can find our duplex in a delightful courtyard, with many trees ans flowers, located on the ground and first floor, so it gives the impression to live in a countryside house.
8756		Studio moderne situé proche republique, canal saint martin
8757	Charming Parisian apartment with 3 rooms (70 m2), with wooden floors and chimney, between Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord, very convenient for all transports. It's a 5 minutes walk to métro (lines 4, 5, 7), a lot of buses, RER (B-to airports, E), train stations (Eurostar, Thalys). Average travel times by metro: Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 10 minutes Bastille and the Marais : 10 minutes  The Louvre and Palais Royal: 15 minutes  Concorde, Tuileries: 20 minutes  The Eiffel Tower: 40 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport/ Orly Airport: approx 45 minutes Disneyland: 60 minutes Located on the 5th floor with no lift, the apartment is bright and airy, with  two bedrooms which overlook the courtyard (one with a double bed, the other with a mezzanine bed + a sofa-bed),  a bathroom with a bath (and a washing machine), seperate toilet, a west facing kitchen (with kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove), and a large east facing living-room, very bright, with a Hi-Fi, a d	Charming Parisian apartment with 3 rooms (70 m2), with wooden floors and chimney, between Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord, very convenient for all transports. It's a 5 minutes walk to métro (lines 4, 5, 7), a lot of buses, RER (B-to airports, E), train stations (Eurostar, Thalys). Average travel times by metro: Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 10 minutes Bastille and the Marais : 10 minutes  The Louvre and Palais Royal: 15 minutes  Concorde, Tuileries: 20 minutes  The Eiffel Tower: 40 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport/ Orly Airport: approx 45 minutes Disneyland: 60 minutes Located on the 5th floor with no lift, the apartment is bright and airy, with  two bedrooms which overlook the courtyard (one with a double bed, the other with a mezzanine bed + a sofa-bed),  a bathroom with a bath (and a washing machine), seperate toilet, a west facing kitchen (with kettle, coffee machine, dishwasher, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove), and a large east facing living-room, very bright, with a Hi-Fi, a d
8758	Il est situé au 5ème étage et possède une terrasse donnant sur le Canal. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, micro-ondes, machine nespresso et plaques chauffantes. 	Il est situé au 5ème étage et possède une terrasse donnant sur le Canal. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, micro-ondes, machine nespresso et plaques chauffantes.  Quartier très vivant avec de nombreuses boutiques. Il est au carefour du Street Art et de la culture bobo parisienne. Un espace atypique à découvir ! Métro République : ligne 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 De nombreux bus en journée et de nuit Stations de Vélib à 200 m
8759	Location : Boulevard Voltaire Surface area : 27m² Metro Station : Oberkampf (Line 5 and 9)  or Saint-Sébastien Froissart (Line 8) 6th floor without elevator, very sunny and no vis à vis. Amazing view (Eiffel Tower, Centre Georges Pompidou....) The flat is in a courtyard, very quiet There are 2 sofa bed for 3 people max : - 1 is for 2 people and the other is a futon for 1 person. FREE WI-FI with a secure connection Kitchinette with 1 stove, bridge, and pots and pans, microwave and an oven The building next door is the Bataclan (theatre) The 11th Arrondissement of Paris is home to two quite different but equally blossoming centers of Parisian nightlife. The streets just northwest of Place de Bastille are full of little bars which attract a mix of young suburban Parisians, ex-pats, and foreigners. Many have a Latin-American theme. Meanwhile the restaurants, bars, and wine-bars around Rue Oberkampf in the north of the 11th and rue de Charonne near Avenue Ledru Rollin attract a more urban c	Location : Boulevard Voltaire Surface area : 27m² Metro Station : Oberkampf (Line 5 and 9)  or Saint-Sébastien Froissart (Line 8) 6th floor without elevator, very sunny and no vis à vis. Amazing view (Eiffel Tower, Centre Georges Pompidou....) The flat is in a courtyard, very quiet There are 2 sofa bed for 3 people max : - 1 is for 2 people and the other is a futon for 1 person. FREE WI-FI with a secure connection Kitchinette with 1 stove, bridge, and pots and pans, microwave and an oven The building next door is the Bataclan (theatre) The 11th Arrondissement of Paris is home to two quite different but equally blossoming centers of Parisian nightlife. The streets just northwest of Place de Bastille are full of little bars which attract a mix of young suburban Parisians, ex-pats, and foreigners. Many have a Latin-American theme. Meanwhile the restaurants, bars, and wine-bars around Rue Oberkampf in the north of the 11th and rue de Charonne near Avenue Ledru Rollin attract a more urban c
8760	This apartment combines the historic character of Paris (wooden beams, parquet, decorative fireplace, stone wall) and all modern comforts. The linving room consists of a sofa bed, a dining table, a coffee table, and a decorative fireplace. The kitchen, open to the living room by a bar, is fully equipped with fridge, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker and kettle. The first room has a double bed (king size) for 2 people, storage space and a decorative fireplace. The second room features a sofa bed for 2 people, a library and an two offices. Finally the bathroom, brand new, consists of a bath with shower, a cabinet with sink, toilet and washing machine clothes dryer.	In the center of Paris, enjoy a charming apartment totally refurbished for up to 5 people. This apartment combines the historic character of Paris (wooden beams, parquet, decorative fireplace, stone wall) and all modern comforts. The linving room consists of a sofa bed, a dining table, a coffee table, and a decorative fireplace. The kitchen, open to the living room by a bar, is fully equipped with fridge, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker and kettle. The first room has a double bed (king size) for 2 people, storage space and a decorative fireplace. The second room features a sofa bed for 2 people, a library and an two offices. Finally the bathroom, brand new, consists of a bath with shower, a cabinet with sink, toilet and washing machine clothes dryer. Internet Wifi access, landline phone, television (more than 50 french and international chanels), Hi-fi. The area is very nice living in the heart of Paris. Any type of business are located nearby. The neighborhood is vibr
8761	a couch - sofa to rent in a share apartment 24m2... Small and very clean apartment in HEART of Paris.... ...... located not far from railway stations gare du nord and gare de l est (walking :10mn)	"The apartment (24m2) consists of a bathroom, a bedroom, and a kitchenette -livingroom :  where you would be staying ........The sofa is a pull-out, comfortable and big enough for two Living room has a kitchenette which is shared by Airbnbers during the daytime, but is private for sleeping during the night. Every space except the double bedroom can be accessed, toilet and bathroom are shared with other Airbnbers staying in the double bedroom a couch - sofa to rent in a share apartment 24m2... Small and very clean apartment in HEART of Paris.... ...... located not far from railway stations gare du nord and gare de l est (walking :10mn) you have to share the livingroom-kitchen where you sleep , the toilets and the bathroom ............. .... Bedshits , pillows , blanket and towels included .  Wifi access is provided.  The apartment is in the ideal location, in the famous area ""CANAL SAINT MARTIN"" ,  the most  romantic district of Paris.  the best place to visit all the monuments and the m"
8762	2 min from metro station line 2 3 min from metro station line 11 10 min from Sacré coeur 12 min from Moulin rouge 16 min from Arc de trionphe	"Charming ""studio"" situated in the fancy 10th district of Paris, with a great view of the Eiffel tower ,the roofs of paris, sacré coeur and La defence. ( FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY)"
8763	The apartment has a surface of 50m2 (=538.20ft²). There is a spacious bedroom with a  king size bed, a working / dining room, and a living room with a sofa that can be comfortably used to sleep on (1 person). Each room has a balcony. Equipped kitchen + bathroom + separate toilets. 	The apartment has a surface of 50m2 (=538.20ft²). There is a spacious bedroom with a  king size bed, a working / dining room, and a living room with a sofa that can be comfortably used to sleep on (1 person). Each room has a balcony. Equipped kitchen + bathroom + separate toilets. Guests will have the entire apartment to themselves.  If I am out of town, a friend will be here to take care of everything, but you can always reach me over my mobile phone.  Ask me anything you need to know! The big advantage of my place is that you can enjoy the pulsating nightlife of the most up-and coming neighborhood - there are plenty of great Restaurants, bars and concert  venues in walking distance - but back home, you can relax in perfect quiet.  The location is excellent - heading south you are a 15 minutes walking distance from the Seine river or museums like the Centre Pompidou. Heading north, the Montmartre neighborhood is also a 20 minute walk away. In the same amount of time you walk to Opéra 
8764	Appart cosy pour 2 personnes. 2 pièces de 35m2, au calme, donnant sur une terrasse privative de 10m2. Spacieux et bien équipé. Proche de toutes commodités. 	Appart cosy pour 2 personnes. 2 pièces de 35m2. Au calme, donnant sur une terrasse privative. Il est proche du métro et est situé entre le Canal Saint-Martin et le Canal de l'Ourcq, quartier en plein boom, proche des bars et restaurants trendy. Appart cosy pour 2 personnes. 2 pièces de 35m2, au calme, donnant sur une terrasse privative de 10m2. Spacieux et bien équipé. Proche de toutes commodités. La cuisine est équipée : mini-four, micro-ondes, plaques à induction, grille-pain, presse-agrumes, frigo avec mini-congélateur... La salle de bain est composée d'une douche, lavabo, wc et d'une machine à laver. L'appart donne sur une terrasse de 10m2 entièrement privative. Parfait pour prendre l'apéro dehors ! Internet avec WIFI. Les draps et serviettes de bain sont fournis. L'appartement est situé à 2 pas du Canal Saint-Martin, pour s'y balader, pique-niquer voire même jouer à la pétanque !  Le quartier est riche en bars et restaurants animés. Les bonnes adresses ne manquent pas dans ce quar
8765	Ideal apartment for two people! It has been renovated! shinny!  security code and camera	Nest in the heart of Paris (10th), close to shops, transport (Bus, Metro), theaters ... A place where life is good. A place just for two, or you can still invite your friends for a drink! Ideal apartment for two people! It has been renovated! shinny!  security code and camera all flat available by phone or internet The apartment is centrally located in the 10th arrondissement, close to all shops, markets and theaters. The building is close to the subway Line 5 (Jacques Bonsergent) ... Republic Square ... train station Gare de l'Est and  Gare du Nord ...
8766	Nice flat with three bedrooms, a big terrace, Two bathrooms, a big living room and a full equiped kitchen at the first floor of a pretty building in the center of Paris.  The flat is in a backyard so it is very quiet. Meanwhile, it's very close to the best parisian neighborhood to go out at night with many restaurants, bars and nightclubs. There is everything you need in the kitchen to cook (cooker, oven, kettle, Nespresso machine...). There is a washing machine, washer dryer and an iron. There is also a TV, Internet access and a hifi system...	Nice flat with three bedrooms including one for a child with a double sofa bed, two bathrooms, a big living room and a full equiped kitchen at the first floor of a pretty building in courtyard in the center of Paris. Nice flat with three bedrooms, a big terrace, Two bathrooms, a big living room and a full equiped kitchen at the first floor of a pretty building in the center of Paris.  The flat is in a backyard so it is very quiet. Meanwhile, it's very close to the best parisian neighborhood to go out at night with many restaurants, bars and nightclubs. There is everything you need in the kitchen to cook (cooker, oven, kettle, Nespresso machine...). There is a washing machine, washer dryer and an iron. There is also a TV, Internet access and a hifi system... With a 10-minute walk you can get to Opéra Garnier or Pigalle. Connected to many metro lanes (between the metro stops République, Strasbourg Saint-Denis and Gare de l'Est : lane 3, lane 4, lane 5, lane 7, lane 8, lane 9 and lane 11)
8767	The apartment s on the third floor (with elevator), quiet (overlooking the courtyard) and bright with windows in every room. There is no street noise and you will have all the comfort you need! This charming apartment (wood flooring, moldings and fireplaces) is fully furnished and equipped. The bedroom (with a fireplace) has a standard double bed with a wardrobe. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped (washing machine, fridge, freezer, micro-wave, hotplates + induction hotplate, kettle, toaster, etc.). The living room / dining room has a 4person table as well as a sofa place with television, low table and a library with books (in French and in English) and DVD's). The bathroom has a small bathtub and the toilet facilities are separated.  Finally for the facilities, the Wi-Fi access is limited and you can have access during your visit to the whole apartment as well as basic equipment’s necessary for your stay (bedding and towels and food	Please enjoy my appartment during my holidays this summer ! This charming appartment is located between place de la République and canal Saint-Martin. In a lively, central ans quiet neighbourhoo,  where you can find all the facilities The apartment s on the third floor (with elevator), quiet (overlooking the courtyard) and bright with windows in every room. There is no street noise and you will have all the comfort you need! This charming apartment (wood flooring, moldings and fireplaces) is fully furnished and equipped. The bedroom (with a fireplace) has a standard double bed with a wardrobe. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped (washing machine, fridge, freezer, micro-wave, hotplates + induction hotplate, kettle, toaster, etc.). The living room / dining room has a 4person table as well as a sofa place with television, low table and a library with books (in French and in English) and DVD's). The bathroom has a small bathtub and the t
8768	"Entre Belleville et le canal Saint Martin ,un mixte entre le Paris populaire et le Paris Bobo... Studio au plein centre de la vie, à la limite du 10è,11è, 19è et 20 ème . Ligne 2 et 11 au métro Belleville   Près de République pour accéder à toutes les grandes lignes de métro,un parfait pied à terre pour découvrir Paris... Vous pourrez aller boire un petit café dans le bar ""aux folies"",danser à ""La Java"" le lieu qui a découvert Piaf et Django Reinhardt.... prolonger la nuit en se dirigeant vers Oberkampf..... Between Belleville and the Canal Saint Martin, a mix between the popular Paris and Paris Bobo ... Studio in the center of life on the edge of the 10th, 11th, 19th and 20th. Direct access to the subway : Line 2 and 11 in Belleville Nearly Republic access to all major subway lines, a perfect place for exploring Paris ... You can go drink a coffee in the bar ""to splurge"", have a dancing night at the ""Java"" place which was discovered by Piaf and Django Reinhardt .... extend the night h"	"Entre Belleville et le canal Saint Martin. Vivez le Paris dynamique. proche de république pour ensuite visiter les monuments de la capitale. possibilité de dormir a 3 ou 4 car il y a un 2eme matelas sous le lit mais il est préférable d'être a 2 Entre Belleville et le canal Saint Martin ,un mixte entre le Paris populaire et le Paris Bobo... Studio au plein centre de la vie, à la limite du 10è,11è, 19è et 20 ème . Ligne 2 et 11 au métro Belleville   Près de République pour accéder à toutes les grandes lignes de métro,un parfait pied à terre pour découvrir Paris... Vous pourrez aller boire un petit café dans le bar ""aux folies"",danser à ""La Java"" le lieu qui a découvert Piaf et Django Reinhardt.... prolonger la nuit en se dirigeant vers Oberkampf..... Between Belleville and the Canal Saint Martin, a mix between the popular Paris and Paris Bobo ... Studio in the center of life on the edge of the 10th, 11th, 19th and 20th. Direct access to the subway : Line 2 and 11 in Belleville Nearly Rep"
8769	"I'm an art director living in this LOFT duplex flat with separated WC & Shower and access to the rooftop! I'll repeat. It's a LOFT with separate levels but no separate rooms : ) The living room is 30 metres square, the top part about 20 metres , kitchen is in the living room is fully equipped, plaques, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, juicer, mixer...) The flat is in one of the most charismatic areas of Paris. The area is Goncourt-Republique! Next to cheap markets, flea markets,( butcheries 5 min away, bakery, 7 supermarkets around the apartment( LIDL is the cheapest one), a place to make photograps, really nice bars( zelda), all banks ( western union at the corner), chineses stores, pharmacies, hospital, dry cleaner, a public swimmingpool and the canals! Metro station ""Goncourt"" is just 100m away. The apartment is very close from Republique, central point in Paris. LONG STAYS: There is a possibility to rent the flat per month, so I could take 1 person to share the apartment with me. "	Placed on one of the best spots in Paris, next to the Canals and Bohemian scene. This is a SHARED-ROOM basis artistic duplex LOFT with access to the rooftop. Come get a bit of the real Parisian vibe! Great to meet people as other Airbnb guests! I'm an art director living in this LOFT duplex flat with separated WC & Shower and access to the rooftop! I'll repeat. It's a LOFT with separate levels but no separate rooms : ) The living room is 30 metres square, the top part about 20 metres , kitchen is in the living room is fully equipped, plaques, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, juicer, mixer...) The flat is in one of the most charismatic areas of Paris. The area is Goncourt-Republique! Next to cheap markets, flea markets,( butcheries 5 min away, bakery, 7 supermarkets around the apartment( LIDL is the cheapest one), a place to make photograps, really nice bars( zelda), all banks ( western union at the corner), chineses stores, pharmacies, hospital, dry cleaner, a public swimmingpool and 
8770	"Calma e passeggiate lungo il Quai de Jemmapes , Canal St Martin, ambiente molto rilassante con tante librerie, negozi di creazione originali, e locale legendario per la sceneggiatura del film "" Hotel du Nord "" di M.Carné dove si puo ancora mangiare o aperitivare."	"Luminoso monolocale di 30 mq, tutto confort, Métro Bonsergent a 30 metri, vicino République e belle passeggiate al Canal St Martin.Cucina attrezzata, bagno con doccia, letto matrimoniale, divano letto, salottino, parquet, tv, internet. Molto calmo. Calma e passeggiate lungo il Quai de Jemmapes , Canal St Martin, ambiente molto rilassante con tante librerie, negozi di creazione originali, e locale legendario per la sceneggiatura del film "" Hotel du Nord "" di M.Carné dove si puo ancora mangiare o aperitivare. Appartamento libero Accoglienza per rilasciamento delle chiave e presentazione del posto. Non saremmo presenti durante il soggiorno, sempre disponibile per mail o telefonicamente. Quartiere "" bohème"" Metro Jacques Bonsergent, linea 5 a 30 metri. A 10 min a piedi di Place de la Republique. Vicino alle stazione di treni "" Gare du Nord "" e ""Gare de l 'Est "" Si travano tutti tipi di negozi. Piste ciclabile. Parco. Restauranti di cucina tradizionale francese e di tanti altri paese."
8771		Petite Chambre bien placée, proche des gares du Nord et de l'Est . Bien desservi  par métro  et bus. Théâtre,  cinéma, commerce,  monuments historiques.  Idéal pour un jeune homme  car elle est au 5eme étage sans ascenseur.  Avec douche,  le petit coin cuisine wifi téléphone , et télévision. 
8772	L'appartement est proche du canal Saint Martin, quartier vivant. Il est situé en retrait au calme donnant sur un jardin intérieur. Une très grande chambre donnant sur un jardin intérieur et au calme. 	Une grande chambre-salon (30 m2) dans un appartement de 80m2, balcon sur jardin. En plein quartier du canal Saint Martin, lieu privilégié pour flâner, cafés et restaurants dans une ambiance douce et dynamique, plusieurs stations de métros à proximité L'appartement est proche du canal Saint Martin, quartier vivant. Il est situé en retrait au calme donnant sur un jardin intérieur. Une très grande chambre donnant sur un jardin intérieur et au calme. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement sauf à deux chambres enfants. Nous n'accueillons pas les animaux. Je me charge personnellement de l'accueil pour présenter l'appartement et le quartier. Ce que j'aime dans mon quartier son accessibilité, l'ambiance chaleureuse, détendu. C'est un lieu qui rend accessible l'ensemble de ce qu'il a à découvrir à Paris. C'est à quelques pas de Républiques. Il ne faut surtout pas manquer la diversité des cafés et restaurants. Tous les monuments de parisiens sont accessibles en 30/40 minutes. L
8773	Is a loft apartment with a mezzanine and a bathroom separate. The apartment have two big beds. One is mine, and the other one is for two people.	"The apartment is a new renovated apartment 2 years ago, is located in the center of Paris near the Canal st martin and Republique. In the area there is a lot of life going on, bars and little cute restaurants. Is a loft apartment with a mezzanine and a bathroom separate. The apartment have two big beds. One is mine, and the other one is for two people. The accès is so easy to the apartment. The neighborhood is very young, ver ""bobo"" bohemian bourgeois in french. Young people, artists, mix of cultures living on the same area. Is very nice to explore it. The apartment is located in a really quiet building. The metro is located less than 5 minutes from the house. The most close is the line 11, goncourt, then at the same distance you have Belleville, and 7 mins walk Republique with the lines 5,3,9,11. There is also a lot of buses in the avenue parmentier situated really close to the house."
8774	You know you're not alone, 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your home !	You will love my Cosy & Charming room, situate at Republique, definitely the Heart of PARIS. I have all you need to make you comfortable and enjoy this beautiful city ! Near to everything, you will love to stay here ! More PHOTO per Mail You know you're not alone, 'Cause I'm gonna make this place your home ! Everything Republique is near to EVERYTHING ! Want to go to Canal St Martin ? Cross the street. Want to go to Belleville ? 5min walking or Three M stations. Want to go to Grands Boulevards ? 5min Walking or Three M stations Want to go to Bastille ? 10min Biking or Five M. Stations Want to go to Châtelet ? 15min Walking or Five M. Station Want to go to Montmartre ? Ten M. Station Want to go Notre Dame de Paris ? 20min Walking or Six M. Stations Etc. -Plethora of station Velib' - Metro : 2,3,4,5,9, and 11 - Huge Bus station
8775		Hello Everybody! You are welcome in my studio is in the heart of Paris. It is very comfortable and cozy. Designed as intellectuals / Egyptian artists houses of these 60 ... It is a shared studio, where you sleep on the sofa bed. See you soon ..
8776	Beautiful 2 room apartment at 30m2 on the 6th floor, all newly renovated and situated in a courtyard.  Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, washing-machine, microwave, oven-plates and all the needed utensils.  Bathroom with shower and toilet.  Dining room/lounge with wifi.  The bedroom has a king size bed and a wardrobe.  Close to shops as Monoprix, pharmacy, grocer, (tobacco) kiosk and bakery.	Un 2 pièces refait à neuf pour quelques jours à Paris ? Calme et lumineux il sera votre havre de paix au coeur de la Rive droite. Vous serez idéalement situés pour vous déplacer dans la capitale (à 10 min de Chatelet et du Canal Saint-Martin) Beautiful 2 room apartment at 30m2 on the 6th floor, all newly renovated and situated in a courtyard.  Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, washing-machine, microwave, oven-plates and all the needed utensils.  Bathroom with shower and toilet.  Dining room/lounge with wifi.  The bedroom has a king size bed and a wardrobe.  Close to shops as Monoprix, pharmacy, grocer, (tobacco) kiosk and bakery. Close to the subway stations :  - Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4,8 et 9), - Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 et 7), - Gare du Nord (lines 4, 5, RER B to go to the Orly and Roissy-CDG airports, RER D, Eurostar) - République (lines 3, 5, 9, 8, 11). A 10 minutes walk to the channel Saint-Martin and a 10 minutes to the city center. Please do not hesitate by contact
8777	Appartement proche du Canal Saint Martin. Situé au premier étage.  A votre disposition : 1 chambre adulte (1 lit double) + 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, 1 salon (canapé couchage pour 1 personne), 1 cuisine équipée, toilettes séparées. Accès Wifi. ------------ Very nice for a couple near Canal Saint Martin. The flat is situated at the first floor with 1 Bedroom, 1 living room (with sofa single bed), 1 kitchen, 1 Bathroom with a washing machine and separated toilets. Internet wifi access.	Logement  se situe dans un quartier très convivial, proche des quais de Jemmapes - Canal Saint Martin. Transports, restaurants et commerces à proximité. Capacité d'accueil maximum : 3 adultes - 1 enfant / 1 bébé. Appartement proche du Canal Saint Martin. Situé au premier étage.  A votre disposition : 1 chambre adulte (1 lit double) + 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, 1 salon (canapé couchage pour 1 personne), 1 cuisine équipée, toilettes séparées. Accès Wifi. ------------ Very nice for a couple near Canal Saint Martin. The flat is situated at the first floor with 1 Bedroom, 1 living room (with sofa single bed), 1 kitchen, 1 Bathroom with a washing machine and separated toilets. Internet wifi access. Appartement entier (pas accès à la chambre enfants). Accès WIFI. Plans du métro seront laissés à disposition (sur demande).  Fiche de sécurité avec numéros d'urgence. Mail avec indications et/ou fiche indications / informations en cas de nécessité. Connexion WhatsApp. Bien 
8778	"We rent our own apartment, which is located in a typically Parisian Haussmann building (late 19th century) right in front of the Canal. The apartment is very well situated in the safe, trendy and romantic district of Canal Saint Martin. A broad range of restaurants, bars and shops is to be found in the neighbourhood (we can give you our personal selection), which render it one of Parisians' favourite meeting points.  The apartment will delight all visitors who wish to live a ""true Parisian experience!"" The famous Marais district is very close (15 minutes walk) and the beautiful, recently renovated, Place de la République within only 5 minutes walk. Five metro lines (lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and many buses passing from the Place de République render our apartment an excellent base for visiting Paris. This 100 sq. meter (approx. 1080 sq. feet) apartment has the charm of ancient Parisian buildings: hardwood floors, mouldings high ceiling.  It can comfortably accommodate four adults (two doub"	"Large family flat overlooking the Canal Saint-Martin, ideally located in the trendy and romantic district by the Canal and very close to the métro hub République. The flat has three rooms accomodating 4 adults and 2 children in a great level confort. We rent our own apartment, which is located in a typically Parisian Haussmann building (late 19th century) right in front of the Canal. The apartment is very well situated in the safe, trendy and romantic district of Canal Saint Martin. A broad range of restaurants, bars and shops is to be found in the neighbourhood (we can give you our personal selection), which render it one of Parisians' favourite meeting points.  The apartment will delight all visitors who wish to live a ""true Parisian experience!"" The famous Marais district is very close (15 minutes walk) and the beautiful, recently renovated, Place de la République within only 5 minutes walk. Five metro lines (lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and many buses passing from the Place de République "
8779	The charm of 	Charming studio, last floor of a building in a lovely private street typical of old Paris, off the trendy Fbg St Denis. Fully equipped & subtly decorated, it offers -for 2 people- an extraordinary quiet experience while being in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy the whole place, witch is small but very well equiped ! Everything from Nespresso machine to Hair dryer is here for your convenience. I'm living in Hong Kong so the guest won't see me, but I'm always available via e-mails or SMS. In Paris my friend and partner Laurence will take care of you. In rue du Faubourg St Denis you will find a great mix of people: designers, journalists, actors because most production houses for fashion and cinema are located in the neighborhood, but also Chinese and Turkish grocery stores. The street is very lively with numerous bars and restaurants and the miracle of the studio is to be quiet and to allow you to sleep in a pure silence while being in the heart of this friendly agitation. There are 3 
8780	--> Ideal location to visit paris Notre dame, châtelet, beaubourg, Bastille, Canal saint martin (go on top of those little bridges it's nice!) ... All accessible by foot. --> sheets & towels --> tv /wifi internet --> lonely planet paris (anglais) --> kitchen  --> coffee & the  ! Perfect for a couple ! A comfortable sofa bed allows you to house two more people in the flat  Kids under 7 do not count as an extra person ( free). Just mention them in your demand.	"Spacious, renovated flat (40m^2) near the heart of paris at métro goncourt 5 minutes walking from République. I love to walk in paris from there for instance Notre Dame is a 35 minutes nice walk! Ideal for couple --> Ideal location to visit paris Notre dame, châtelet, beaubourg, Bastille, Canal saint martin (go on top of those little bridges it's nice!) ... All accessible by foot. --> sheets & towels --> tv /wifi internet --> lonely planet paris (anglais) --> kitchen  --> coffee & the  ! Perfect for a couple ! A comfortable sofa bed allows you to house two more people in the flat  Kids under 7 do not count as an extra person ( free). Just mention them in your demand. The flat is all yours. I won't be here except if you need me. The bars on the canal  Club in oberkampf, ""alimentation générale"" is a good start. The shops when you climb up after belleville near parc des buttes-chaumont. As everywhere in paris using a car is hard. Otherwise you can access the flat via metro 11 in 2 minutes"
8781		The flat is at Republique, the center of Paris,  on 4th floor (without asc) luminous, with all you might need for a confortable stay. We are located nearby the beautiful Canal Saint Martin. Many shops and restaurants down the street will please you ! Le quartier est situé à 2 mn du Canal St Martin, 10 mn à pied de Beaubourg et du Marais. Une grande facilité de mouvement dans tout Paris est rendue possible par les nombreuses lignes de métro et de Bus ainsi que les stations vélib' et autolib' à deux pas de l'appartement. Le voisinage est accueillant et convivial. L'immeuble est partagé par une copropriété, ce qui donne une ambiance cordiale et de respect mutuel entre les voisins. Situé entre le métro République et Jacques Bonsergent, le 15 rue Yves toudic est très facile d'accès par les transports en public. Les lignes de métro 3/5/8/9/11 desservent la station République, et la ligne 5 dessert la station Jacques Bonsergent. Les lignes de Bus sont les (phone number hidden). L'accès au mét
8782	"This flat is a very bright place with high ceilings, near to the Canal Saint Martin and the new trendy cozy restaurants, bakeries, cheese shops and pastry shops. It is about 10 minutes walk from the north Marais, few underground  stations from  the Sacre Coeur, Bastille... Typically Parisian building from 1830.  The apartment is located on the first floor ""noble"" (2nd floor), accessible by elevator. A Large lounge dining-room of 100 sqm2 is ideal for relaxing on the large sofas, after a day of sightseeing or shopping. The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to try some french recipes. 2 independent bedrooms each with their own bathrooms."	"Very bright, high ceilings, near  to the Canal Saint Martin and the north Marais: it is  the place in Paris of new restaurants, bars and trendy cozy shops. This flat is a very bright place with high ceilings, near to the Canal Saint Martin and the new trendy cozy restaurants, bakeries, cheese shops and pastry shops. It is about 10 minutes walk from the north Marais, few underground  stations from  the Sacre Coeur, Bastille... Typically Parisian building from 1830.  The apartment is located on the first floor ""noble"" (2nd floor), accessible by elevator. A Large lounge dining-room of 100 sqm2 is ideal for relaxing on the large sofas, after a day of sightseeing or shopping. The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to try some french recipes. 2 independent bedrooms each with their own bathrooms. Close to the metro station Jacques Bonsergent,the  location is very accessible: 5 minutes  walk from the East Railway Station (gare de l'est), 2 metro station from the Gare du Nord and 10 minutes "
8783	A small but modern city apartment refurbished just a few years ago. It's a compact (45 square metres) 2 bedroom apartment. The main bedroom has a double bed, the 2nd bedroom a small sofa bed (sleeps 2), and the living room has a large, good quality double sofa bed. There is also a baby bed in the 2nd bedroom. In the bathroom there's a large shower (and if needed a fold out baby bath).	A cute 2 bedroom apartment in the Belleville neighbourhood of Paris. Sleeps 4 adults, and equipped for a baby too if needed. In a fun vibrant area just by Belleville metro - 5 minutes to city centre. Refurbished 3 yrs ago so all mod cons. 5th floor! A small but modern city apartment refurbished just a few years ago. It's a compact (45 square metres) 2 bedroom apartment. The main bedroom has a double bed, the 2nd bedroom a small sofa bed (sleeps 2), and the living room has a large, good quality double sofa bed. There is also a baby bed in the 2nd bedroom. In the bathroom there's a large shower (and if needed a fold out baby bath). 2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen with electric oven and hob, dishwasher, washing machine and dryrer, wifi, French and British television. Bathroom with shower. All private for you during your stay, no shared facilities Email or telephone. We won't be present during your stay but friends and neighbours are nearby. Belleville is lively and fun with a real mix of
8784		Un studio de 20m2 équipé pour un séjour agréable. cuisinette, salle de bain avec baignoire, aménagement chaleureux dans un quartier apprécié des touristes et très bien desservi République, Porte Saint Martin, Grands Boulevards Très bien situé, toutes commodités et transports, commerces, quartier des théâtres. À deux pas de République et des Grands Boulevards. Métros 4, 8, 9 par Strasbourg Saint Denis  Métros 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 par République  Nombreux bus
8785		2 pieces avec un lit (2 places) et un canapé lit (2 places), cuisine américaine, entièrement neuf. A deux pas du canal saint martin et des buttes chaumonts. Proche métros: colonel fabien, louis blanc, république
8786	The flat is located in an Haussmannian cut-stone building. It has a view to the backyard and is very calm and well-ventilated. Il a vu sur la cour au Rdc et est très calme, et aéré grâce à sa hauteur sous plafond (4,2M). Il est confortable et agréable à vivre dans un quartier animé et vivant.  * Kitchen with everything you may need (microwave, freezer toaster, Nespresso machine) * Dining room and a little salon  * Two real rooms with one double-bed for each !	This charming duplex in a popular and very lively district is ideally located near Montmartre. With its naked stone wall and wooden stairs, it has something of a chalet which is not common in Paris!  Enjoy a warm and welcoming Parisian home ! The flat is located in an Haussmannian cut-stone building. It has a view to the backyard and is very calm and well-ventilated. Il a vu sur la cour au Rdc et est très calme, et aéré grâce à sa hauteur sous plafond (4,2M). Il est confortable et agréable à vivre dans un quartier animé et vivant.  * Kitchen with everything you may need (microwave, freezer toaster, Nespresso machine) * Dining room and a little salon  * Two real rooms with one double-bed for each ! I may not be here so: if that is the case somebody will be in charge of cleaning and welcoming you. A nice district full of little stores and nice restaurants, fast and easy access to all transport... enjoy Paris days and nights !  There is a parking which is opens all the time and a grocery 
8787	A typical parisian apartment with wooden floors, fireplace. and big windows. Our flat is full of light.  Big kitchen with a lovely view on a charming courtyard. Big living room, 2 large bedrooms (double bed in our room, a bunk bed in our children bedroom). Big bathroom with a bathtub, separated toilets. Central location, easy access from gare du nord (10 min by walk) and gare de l'est (10 min by walk). Ideal for a family.	"A typical parisian apartment with wooden floors, fireplace. and big windows. Our flat is full of light.  Big kitchen with a lovely view on a charming courtyard. Big living room, 2 large bedrooms (double bed in our room, a bunk bed in our children bedroom). Big bathroom with a bathtub, separated toilets. Central location, easy access from gare du nord (10 min by walk) and gare de l'est (10 min by walk). Ideal for a family. The flat is on the 3rd floor, no lift. The 10th arrondissement of Paris is: ""Rue du faubourg St denis"" is a very lively street with a lot of good restaurants ( le 52, le Lucky Luciano, le Paradis), cafes and delicatessen. Ideal for foodies ""Marché St Quentin"" the covered food market is open everyday Canal St Martin is so parisian! charming with its cafes and restaurants facing the canal where you can have  a romantic walk or even have a cruise. A lot of bus lines and tube stations  near our flat, you can even walk easily to central districts like Le Marais, Hotel de v"
8788	Recently renovated apartment for rent for 1 or 2 persons, sunny with south facing large balcony, 5th floor with elevator in Haussmanian apartment (moldings, hardwood floors, former furniture). Quiet building and street near Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord. Good location : direct by public transport to the Marais, Notre-Dame, Opera, famous department stores, Montmartre,... The apartment comprises: -1 room with 1 bed for 2 persons, with small desk, small safety box, column fan -1 living room with sofa sets, dining table, mini hi-fi with CD player, -1 small kitchen with microwave, toaster, coffee / chocolate (Tassimo), electric kettle, 2 hotplates, electric oven, small dishwasher, fridge, -1 bathroom with bathtub, hair dryer, washing machine, -Separate toilet, -South facing balcony, with plants and automatic irrigation (tank fill 1 time per week), with table and chairs, sun loungers available. WIFI access, ironing board and iron. Weekly rentals only. No smoking except on the balcony. 	Recently renovated apartment for rent for 1 or 2 persons, sunny with south facing large balcony, 5th floor with elevator in Haussmanian apartment (moldings, hardwood floors, former furniture). Quiet building. Near Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord Recently renovated apartment for rent for 1 or 2 persons, sunny with south facing large balcony, 5th floor with elevator in Haussmanian apartment (moldings, hardwood floors, former furniture). Quiet building and street near Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord. Good location : direct by public transport to the Marais, Notre-Dame, Opera, famous department stores, Montmartre,... The apartment comprises: -1 room with 1 bed for 2 persons, with small desk, small safety box, column fan -1 living room with sofa sets, dining table, mini hi-fi with CD player, -1 small kitchen with microwave, toaster, coffee / chocolate (Tassimo), electric kettle, 2 hotplates, electric oven, small dishwasher, fridge, -1 bathroom with bathtub, hair dryer, washing machi
8789	"Welcome to my shiny place ! I rent a nice flat inside Paris in a typical Haussmanian building in the 10th district. You will appreciate this attractive district with its cafes, restaurants, groceries stores and small shops. Close to the famous ""Musée Grévin"" and many others places point out below. _________________________________________________ LOCATION It is located between , the grand stores and theater's boulevards, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge Pigalle, the Sacré Coeur Montmartre and the Canal St. Martin. _________________________________________________METRO • Line 8 or 9 Grands Boulevard and Bonne Nouvelle. • Line 7 Cadet, Poissonnière. 4 stations from Opéra _______________________________________________  FAMOUS PLACES CLOSE • Opéra Garnier: 5 minutes (Line 7-Stop Opera) • Champs Elysées: 15 minutes (Ligne 9-Stop Franklin Roosevelt and walk 2 min) or 20 min (Bus 32) • Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 18 minutes (Bus 31-Stop Barbès Rochechouard) • The Eiffel Tower,: 20 minutes (Ligne 9-"	"Welcome to my shiny place ! I rent a nice flat inside Paris in a typical Haussmanian building in the 10th district. You will appreciate this attractive district with its cafes, restaurants, groceries stores and small shops. Close to the famous ""Musée Grévin"" and many others places point out below. _________________________________________________ LOCATION It is located between , the grand stores and theater's boulevards, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge Pigalle, the Sacré Coeur Montmartre and the Canal St. Martin. _________________________________________________METRO • Line 8 or 9 Grands Boulevard and Bonne Nouvelle. • Line 7 Cadet, Poissonnière. 4 stations from Opéra _______________________________________________  FAMOUS PLACES CLOSE • Opéra Garnier: 5 minutes (Line 7-Stop Opera) • Champs Elysées: 15 minutes (Ligne 9-Stop Franklin Roosevelt and walk 2 min) or 20 min (Bus 32) • Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 18 minutes (Bus 31-Stop Barbès Rochechouard) • The Eiffel Tower,: 20 minutes (Ligne 9-"
8790	The building is very secure and equipped with elevator. It is very sunny and not overlooked The apartment consists of a large room with view over the rooftops with a double bed and a one sofa . But also TV , DVD player, Hi-fi system Wifi is available throughout the apartment. The kitchen includes 2 hotplates, oven, microwave , kettle and coffee machine. And all the utensils you will need for your meal. One bathroom with bath and equipped with a washing machine Linen and towels are included in the price  Also a small balcony overlooking the rooftops of Paris , nice for meals , have a drink or just enjoy the sun when weather permits	The building is very secure and equipped with elevator. It is very sunny and not overlooked The apartment consists of a large room with view over the rooftops with a double bed and a one sofa . But also TV , DVD player, Hi-fi system Wifi is available throughout the apartment. The kitchen includes 2 hotplates, oven, microwave , kettle and coffee machine. And all the utensils you will need for your meal. One bathroom with bath and equipped with a washing machine Linen and towels are included in the price  Also a small balcony overlooking the rooftops of Paris , nice for meals , have a drink or just enjoy the sun when weather permits If you need me to tell you how to come to my place I will be happy to give you the indications  And i will be there to meet you for the check-in and out and you can also contact me as you want during your stay if you have any question  Also if you need i can send you a list of my favorites places to have a drink, eat and chill out before your arrival  Located
8791	Appartement atypique de 50M2 en plein centre de Paris, romantique, calme et ensoleillé. Vous pourrez profiter du dynamisme du quartier nouvelle vague. A deux pas du grand Rex, des théâtres, du Canal Saint Martin. 	En plein centre, dans un des quartiers les plus cosmopolites, restaurants, bars, shops, vous aurez le calme et la sérénité de ce bel appartement plein de charmes aux poutres apparentes, au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble sur cour. Un vrai cocon! Appartement atypique de 50M2 en plein centre de Paris, romantique, calme et ensoleillé. Vous pourrez profiter du dynamisme du quartier nouvelle vague. A deux pas du grand Rex, des théâtres, du Canal Saint Martin. N'hésitez pas à me contacter, je répondrai à vos questions pour que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous. Moderne, cosmopolite, dynamique, vous ne manquerez de rien. A proximité de tout ce dont vous avez besoin: Les théâtres Les restaurants Les boîtes de nuits Les bars Les shops Le musée Grevin Montmartre  La canal saint Martin Le Marais Place de la République Montorgeuil Vous êtes à côté de tout!!! Métro, bus, taxi, tout est là! Vous serez accueillis chaleureusement par une équipe qui prendra le soin de vous guider.
8792		Petite chambre bien placé près des gares : du Nord et de l'Est, bien desservi des transports en commun.  Sur la ligne 4 du métro nord et sud .  Idéale pour un jeune homme car elle est au 5eme étage sans ascenseur  et le toilette est sur palier
8793		Petite Chambre bien placée idéale pour un jeune homme car elle est au 5eme étage sans ascenseur, avec salle de bain, petit coin cuisine, Télévision,  wi-fi téléphone fixe et télévision. 
8794	Studio 27m/sq One double bed and one single bed. Restaurants, cafés, food stores, supermarkets and bakeries around. Easy access to most locations in Paris : - 10 min walk to Sacré-Coeur - 15 mn with the metro to Ile de la Cité - 5 mn with the metro to Gare du Nord. - Very easy access from Charles De Gaulle Airport (RER B stop at Gare du Nord) Nearest metro Barbès	Very cosy little flat with one big bedroom, with kitchen and a bathroom. Very nice view, very bright, absolutely clean and fully furnished. Ideal for 2 people : one double bed and one single bed. Studio 27m/sq One double bed and one single bed. Restaurants, cafés, food stores, supermarkets and bakeries around. Easy access to most locations in Paris : - 10 min walk to Sacré-Coeur - 15 mn with the metro to Ile de la Cité - 5 mn with the metro to Gare du Nord. - Very easy access from Charles De Gaulle Airport (RER B stop at Gare du Nord) Nearest metro Barbès Full apartment with : - unlimited FAST SPEED ADSL Internet - Towels and linens provided - - The kitchen is equipped with hot plates induction, oven, fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee maker and boiler. Dishes, pots, pans ... - Bathroom with a Italian shower and a cabinet.
8795	L'appartement refait à neuf l'année dernière offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour tout seul ou à 2. Sa vue imprenable sur la place Sainte Marthe vous plongera dans l'ambiance parisienne aussi bien le matin, que le soir.  Le soir, la place est animée, les fenêtres double vitrage permet d'isoler l'appartement du bruit et de rester au calme. Sa cuisine ouverte sur la pièce principale est totalement équipée (lave vaisselle, four, plaques à induction+hotte...). Le canapé lit pour deux personnes est très confortable et facile à utiliser.	L'appartement est au troisième étage d'un immeuble situé sur la fameuse place sainte Marthe connue pour ses concerts, ses arbres majestueux et ses réverbères romantiques. Vous trouverez sur la place des bistrots conviviaux, disquaires... L'appartement refait à neuf l'année dernière offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour tout seul ou à 2. Sa vue imprenable sur la place Sainte Marthe vous plongera dans l'ambiance parisienne aussi bien le matin, que le soir.  Le soir, la place est animée, les fenêtres double vitrage permet d'isoler l'appartement du bruit et de rester au calme. Sa cuisine ouverte sur la pièce principale est totalement équipée (lave vaisselle, four, plaques à induction+hotte...). Le canapé lit pour deux personnes est très confortable et facile à utiliser. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble du logement. Je resterai disponible pour toute demande d'information. L'appartement est idéalement situé entre le canal saint martin avec toutes ses boutiques et restaurant
8796	Chambre avec lit 2 places dans appartement de 3 pièces, lumineux, propre et spacieux. Vous aurez l'usage exclusif de l'appartement car la seconde chambre sera inoccupée.	Chambre avec lit 2 places dans appartement de 3 pièces, lumineux, propre et spacieux. Vous aurez l'usage exclusif de l'appartement car la seconde chambre sera inoccupée.
8797	A stunning studio apartment situated at Bonne Nouvelle in the 10th arrondissement just off the Grands Boulevards linking République and Opéra. Calm and tranquil, facing two different courtyards, this spacious studio apartment is close to everything you'll need, yet out of the hustle and bustle of the Parisian city life.	A large, spacious studio apartment. Bright, airy, with high ceilings, this calm tranquil apartment is in the bourgeois bohème quarter Bonne Nouvelle of the 10th arrondissement, just off the Grands Boulevards linking République and Opéra. A stunning studio apartment situated at Bonne Nouvelle in the 10th arrondissement just off the Grands Boulevards linking République and Opéra. Calm and tranquil, facing two different courtyards, this spacious studio apartment is close to everything you'll need, yet out of the hustle and bustle of the Parisian city life. Guests have full access to the whole apartment. Kitchen/dining, lounge/bedroom, full en suite bathroom (shower, basin, toilet). William is always available via iMessage/WhatsApp/Viber to assist guests with any questions they might have and to assist them in making sure their stay is an unforgettable one. Grands Boulevards Neighborhood  Dotted with theaters, clubs and cafes, the boulevards’ wide sidewalks are perfect for people-watching,
8798	Chic duplex on 6th and 7th floor (elevator in the building), with 3 rooms, 60 sq meters (650 sq feet).  The apartment is located in the centre of Paris, very close to local amenities and transport (10 mins from Gare du Nord, Eurostar departure/arrival station). The neighbourhood is extremely quite, with trendy spots within 5 mins walking distance. First floor : living room and kitchen Second floor : Bedrooms 1 and 2, bathroom/restroom Comfortably sleeps 4 to 5 people : - bedroom 1 with a double size bed – 2 people - bedroom 2 : open bedroom with a comfortable convertible sofa – 2 people - living room : extra bed (sofa) – 1 people  In the bathroom standing on your tiptoes you can see Sacré-Cœur's roof!	Chic duplex in central Paris, ideal to explore the city and live a Parisian experience. 60 sq meters, 3 rooms, can sleep up to 5 people.  Quite neighborhood, trendy spots within 5mins walking distance. Direct access from airport/Eurostar station. Chic duplex on 6th and 7th floor (elevator in the building), with 3 rooms, 60 sq meters (650 sq feet).  The apartment is located in the centre of Paris, very close to local amenities and transport (10 mins from Gare du Nord, Eurostar departure/arrival station). The neighbourhood is extremely quite, with trendy spots within 5 mins walking distance. First floor : living room and kitchen Second floor : Bedrooms 1 and 2, bathroom/restroom Comfortably sleeps 4 to 5 people : - bedroom 1 with a double size bed – 2 people - bedroom 2 : open bedroom with a comfortable convertible sofa – 2 people - living room : extra bed (sofa) – 1 people  In the bathroom standing on your tiptoes you can see Sacré-Cœur's roof! Wifi is available for free as well as cabl
8799	Rue Beaurepaire, 75010, Canal Saint Martin / République RENT - short term - my bright, well-lit, beautifully renovated, fully furnished one-bedroom apartment.  It’s in a great area next to the Canal St Martin, Paris 10ème, and near the Marais, Paris 3ème. There are many popular surrounding cafés, bars, restaurants, boutiques and galleries.  Metro République is the nearest station, which is extremely convenient for travelling to most places in Paris, especially the Marais, which is in a short walking distance. The 30-m2 space is newly renovated, on the 4th floor, overlooks a courtyard, has 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 living room, wooden floors and an open plan kitchen. It is fully furnished and contains:  *Induction stove  *Oven  *Dishwasher  *Fridge freezer - brand *new* since December 2014 *Washing machine and dryer - brand *new* since December 2014 *Flat screen TV, with *new* cable TV package *DVD player  *Wifi, with high-speed internet *Double bed  *Kitchen utensils  Etc…  MERCI !  	RENT my bright, well-lit, beautifully renovated, fully furnished one-bedroom apartment by the CANAL SAINT MARTIN Rue Beaurepaire, 75010, Canal Saint Martin / République RENT - short term - my bright, well-lit, beautifully renovated, fully furnished one-bedroom apartment.  It’s in a great area next to the Canal St Martin, Paris 10ème, and near the Marais, Paris 3ème. There are many popular surrounding cafés, bars, restaurants, boutiques and galleries.  Metro République is the nearest station, which is extremely convenient for travelling to most places in Paris, especially the Marais, which is in a short walking distance. The 30-m2 space is newly renovated, on the 4th floor, overlooks a courtyard, has 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 living room, wooden floors and an open plan kitchen. It is fully furnished and contains:  *Induction stove  *Oven  *Dishwasher  *Fridge freezer - brand *new* since December 2014 *Washing machine and dryer - brand *new* since December 2014 *Flat screen TV, with *new*
8800	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. On main floor : Living room (with a very comfortable double Sofa Bed), a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with toilets. On upper floor : 2 independant bedrooms, each one with a double bed. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare de l'Est, 10min to Metro Gare du Nord, 15min to Montorgueil/Chatelet/Marais. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Historical area of Paris, bohemian and lively. Between Canal Saint-Martin and Grand Boulevards area.	Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. Heart of Paris : Charming all furnished 2BR apartment 65m2, up to 6 persons, clear and quiet. Located at 2nd and top floor, in a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. Comtemporary apartment with nice furniture. On main floor : Living room (with a very comfortable double Sofa Bed), a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with toilets. On upper floor : 2 independant bedrooms, each one with a double bed. 2min walking distance to Metro Gare de l'Est, 10min to Metro Gare du Nord, 15min to Montorgueil/Chatelet/Marais. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhood. Historical area of Paris, bohemian and lively. Between Canal Saint-Martin and Grand Boulevards area. Many quality groceries, shops and restaurants in the street and neighbourhoo
8801	"All my tips in the neighborhood with the ""Josephine List"" available in my place as soon as you arrive: best and intimate restaurants for all budgets, places to go, useful information in the area !"	"2 rooms flat of 35 sq.m., very quiet and luminous. Ideal for a couple. Very central location with various subway access : 2mn walk from Goncourt station, 7mn from République station. Located in a trendy neighborhood, full of restaurants and bars. All my tips in the neighborhood with the ""Josephine List"" available in my place as soon as you arrive: best and intimate restaurants for all budgets, places to go, useful information in the area ! The all apartment is available. It's on the first floor, without lift, but stairs are very easy. The real place Parisians live in. Probably the best area for food and bars in Paris ! Great walking and running spot all around. Great transports to easily access any part of Paris in record times !"
8802	Watch the sunrise and sunset in the same day sipping champagne on our cozy balconies. Tons of natural light all day long and a straight view of the Eiffel Tower compliment the charming details of our space. High white wood beam ceilings and authentic wood floors, big kitchen for cooking at home, lush live plants and beautiful deco fireplace. 	Bright, cozy, artist loft overlooking Canal St Martin. 26m2 studio with two balconies, a full kitchen and fireplace, lots of natural light, breathtaking sunrise/sunset views over the Eiffel Tower. Centrally located in the best neighborhood with shopping, bars and cafes, close to Republique, Metro and Velib. True Paris experience. Watch the sunrise and sunset in the same day sipping champagne on our cozy balconies. Tons of natural light all day long and a straight view of the Eiffel Tower compliment the charming details of our space. High white wood beam ceilings and authentic wood floors, big kitchen for cooking at home, lush live plants and beautiful deco fireplace.  Beautiful bright sunny loft with all you need - washing machine - stove and oven - refrigerator  - flatware, dishes and glasses  - cable television - Bose audio system - high speed wireless internet fiber - laptop hook up  - deco fireplace - white marble bistro table with two vintage chairs - two balconies  - all linens a
8803	One living room and one double bedroom in a typically parisian french neighborhood. The appartement is located on the 4th flour and has large windows. One kitchen, one bathroom, seperate water closets. 	Typically parisian 45 m2 one-bedroom, conveniently situated in the trendy 10th arrondissement near République and Canal Saint-Martin, the capital of Paris’s “Bobo” (“bourgeois-bohème”) scene.  One living room and one double bedroom in a typically parisian french neighborhood. The appartement is located on the 4th flour and has large windows. One kitchen, one bathroom, seperate water closets. The apartment has WiFi internet throughout the rooms. The living room is equipped with TV.  The kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, an electric oven, 3 gaz cooking plaques, 1 electric plaque. The apartment is 5-minute walk from the Canal Saint-Martin, a huge local bar scene, and is a 10-minute walk from République. I can give you lots of adresses of the neighborhood to live like a real parisian (best boulangeries and groceries ...) or to go out in the many restaurants and bars surrounding. I can give you as well  where to go to artistic places and smaller but interesting museums around. The 
8804		Lovelly parisian flat near all accomodations (subway, bakeries, groceriy stores and more)
8805	"In a cozy interior with oak floors and in a great location, it is located on the 5th and last floor without elevator, very bright, southern & northern exposure. It includes a small entrance, a main room and a bathroom. The street is very quiet but the neighborhood is very much alive. ance: closets. Main room: - ""A Bed Up"" can accomodate 2 people. - two small armchairs and a coffee table, it even a bit more cozy. - A small fireplace (deco only) - A TV - A radio - A small corner office Fitted kitchen: - Counter top, a gas stove with oven, electric kettle, classic compact fridge with freezer Fully equipped bathroom: - A shower, sink, and a small heater"	"A perfect little nest for a couple, under the Parisian rooftops, overlooking a courtyard. Quiet and with a ""Bed Up"", this studio provides you with peaceful nights. In a cozy interior with oak floors and in a great location, it is located on the 5th and last floor without elevator, very bright, southern & northern exposure. It includes a small entrance, a main room and a bathroom. The street is very quiet but the neighborhood is very much alive. ance: closets. Main room: - ""A Bed Up"" can accomodate 2 people. - two small armchairs and a coffee table, it even a bit more cozy. - A small fireplace (deco only) - A TV - A radio - A small corner office Fitted kitchen: - Counter top, a gas stove with oven, electric kettle, classic compact fridge with freezer Fully equipped bathroom: - A shower, sink, and a small heater Apartment is easily accessible A host will be there to welcome you, hand over the keys and information regardng the neighborhood & local restaurants. And I look forward to answer"
8806	L’appartement (56m2) se situe au 3ème étage (sans ascenseur) d’une résidence haussmannienne datant de 1870 et qui s’articule autour d’une cour classée, fleurie et très calme. L’accès est sécurisé par un code d’entrée et un interphone ainsi que par la présence d’une gardienne. Une belle entrée sépare l'appartement en deux espaces : d'un côté une cuisine entièrement équipée et aménagée, une verrière haute sous plafond pour prendre ses repas au calme, une salle de bains avec douche et WC. Cette partie de l'appartement donne sur la cour intérieure.  De l'autre, un salon (env. 22m2) décoré avec soin ouvre sur la chambre à coucher (lit 160*200) et offre ainsi un grand espace ouvert, chaleureux et lumineux (trois grandes fenêtres double vitrage sur façade). L’orientation des pièces est idéale : prévoyez des lunettes de soleil pour le petit-déjeuner le matin dans la verrière ! C’est calme et rempli de bonnes énergies : vous vous y sentirez tout de suite à l’aise ! Ha… Et c’est gay friendly of 	Spacious and bright typical parisian 2 rooms appartment with wooden floor and old moldings, just round the corner from trendy Canal St-Martin. Colorful bow-window to enjoy sunny breakfasts. The appartment is very well served to discover Paris.
8807	Valérie & Laurent will be happy to host you in their 115m² apartment on the sixth and top floor of an authentic early 19th Century building, equipped with an elevator. Well lit on both sides, the apartment has a panoramic view of Paris skyline and numerous monuments.	Valérie & Laurent will be happy to host you in their 115m² apartment on the sixth and top floor of an authentic early 19th Century building, equipped with an elevator. Well lit on both sides, the apartment has a panoramic view of Paris skyline and numerous monuments. It is composed by 2 bedrooms (king size bed), 1 smaller room with convertible sofa (double bed), 1 bathroom, 1 shower room, 2 toilets, 1 laundry room and a generous open plan space (50m²) encompassing kitchen with bar, dining and living. In addition, there are 8 small typically Parisian zinc balconies. Low allergen environment with capacity of 6 persons (ideal for 4 adults with 1-2 children) / 5 nights min. The place has been restored & redesigned in 2013 providing all modern comfort. Ideal for a relaxed and care free break, we provide clean towels, sheets, soap and shampoo. The neighborhood has a lot to offer with its ‘Grands Boulevards’: do some shopping and embrace the exciting nightlife (theaters, creative food restaur
8808	Bel appartement de 67m2 situé près du Canal St Martin entre République et Gare de l'Est, dans le 10ème arrondissement. Il est situé au 4ème étage d'une résidence avec jardins, avec vue dégagée. L'appartement est très clair et calme. - la cuisine américaine est équipée (lave-vaisselle, cuisinière à gaz avec four électrique), - Séjour ensoleillé (exposition sud-ouest), donnant sur un grand balcon, équipé d'une table et de chaises, - Deux chambres (une équipée d'un lit double en 140 - Exposition Sud Ouest) et l'autre avec un lit simple pour enfant et un lit bébé (Exposition Est et Sud Ouest). Les chambres communiquent également avec le balcon. - une salle de bains, avec machine à laver et une fenêtre - toilettes. Accès internet (ADSL) et ordinateur à disposition (Mac OS)	"3-room apartment of 67 sqm near ""Canal St Martin"" (between République and Gare de l'Est) in the 10th arrondissement. It is located on the fourth flour of a building with flowered courtyard, with an open view. The apartment is very clear and quiet."
8809	Appartement calme et lumineux dans un quartier très agréable. Il y a deux couchages :  1 lit-canapé 2 places 1 matelas futon 2 places Il est au 5e étage sans ascenseur  There are 2 beds :  -A bed-sofa 2 places -and 1 futon 2 places It is on the 5th floor without elevator	Nous sommes 2 colocataires qui louons notre appartement pour JUILLET-AOÛT. Proche des métros Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, Jacques Bonsergent à 15 minutes à pied de République
8810	"Nice apartment of 45m2 in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor (lift) of a Haussmann building. The living room has 4 windows with a wonderful view of Montmartre (Sacré Cœur) and all the north of Paris. It consists of a bedroom with double bed and possibility of sleeping in the living room (sofa bed). The kitchen has a microwave and an oven. The bathroom has a bathtub. It is equipped with TV, internet, Ipod or Iphone position, a washing machine. This is a very bright apartment with this beautiful light of the popular northern painters. You are in the heart of Paris: Metro Station at the foot of the building is ""Bonne Nouvelle"" (line 8 and 9 directly to Champs Elysees, Opera, Invalides, Department Stores, Republique). A further 10 meters Metro station: Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4, direct Châtelet-Les Halles, Saint Michel and Odeon, Saint Germain) By the way Paris is best explored on foot: - 5 minutes walk from ""Grevin Museum"" and 10 of the Opera to the west. - In front of the Muse"	"Lovely apartment -45m2- in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor (elevator) of a beautiful Haussmann building. The living room has 4 windows and there is a magnificent view of Montmartre and all the north of Paris. Nice apartment of 45m2 in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6th floor (lift) of a Haussmann building. The living room has 4 windows with a wonderful view of Montmartre (Sacré Cœur) and all the north of Paris. It consists of a bedroom with double bed and possibility of sleeping in the living room (sofa bed). The kitchen has a microwave and an oven. The bathroom has a bathtub. It is equipped with TV, internet, Ipod or Iphone position, a washing machine. This is a very bright apartment with this beautiful light of the popular northern painters. You are in the heart of Paris: Metro Station at the foot of the building is ""Bonne Nouvelle"" (line 8 and 9 directly to Champs Elysees, Opera, Invalides, Department Stores, Republique). A further 10 meters Metro station: Strasbourg Saint "
8811	The flat has been renovated recently. It has a modern equipped kitchen. You have a wifi access and can enjoy the HD TV.	This flat is located next to the Canal St Martin. Very great neightborhood, with lots of cafés, restaurants and shops. It is also near to the Marais, centre Pompidou, place de la Bastille, best place to visit Paris for a few days! The flat has been renovated recently. It has a modern equipped kitchen. You have a wifi access and can enjoy the HD TV. I work a few minutes away from the flat so it is easy for me to welcome you. You can also contact me on my phone or write me an email and it will be a pleasure to answer to your questions. You will enjoy the restaurants, cafés, groceries and the nice walks along the Canal and in the neighborhood. 1 minute walk from Jacques Bonsergent metro station (line 5) and 5 minutes walk from République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11). Also close to the stations : gare de l'Est and gare du Nord. - Wireless internet - Bed sheets and towels provided - vacuum cleaner, hair dryer - Access code entry
8812		Très bien aménagé, donne sur une cour. Au sein du quartier (village?) coquet et animé de la place Ste Marthe. Nombreux bistrots, restaurants, galeries d'art et disquaires. Canal St Martin et Buttes Chaumont à 5min de marche.  Ligne 2 et 11 à 5min. Quartier à la fois populaire et branché. Beaucoup de restaurants bon marché. Chinois, couscous, bistrot... À 5min de la ligne 2 et 11. On est en 15min à Châtelet ou à Montmartre. Nombreux vélib à proximité!
8813	Quiet Studio on the second floor, overlooking the courtyard. Fully equipped, you will be able to cook, take showers, watch tv, take a rest... Living at your own place.	Close to the Center of Paris. Near to supermarkets and metros. Locate in a living area, where you can find restaurants and bars. 7 min from The Republique Place and 5min away to the Canal St Martin. Direct metro line to Beaubourg, Hotel de Ville.. Quiet Studio on the second floor, overlooking the courtyard. Fully equipped, you will be able to cook, take showers, watch tv, take a rest... Living at your own place. The entire apartment Feel free to call for any information The neighborhood is young. Many artists and a mix of cultures are living on the same area which is very nice to explore. The apartment is located in a really quiet building. Really close to metro Goncourt (M11) and Belleville (M2) 7min from Metro Place de la République, accessible (M 3-5-8-9-11)
8814	Two-room apartment with 1 lounge and 1 bedroom with king size bed. Possibility to sleep in the sofa (probably the most comfortable one ever), plus additional air mattress if needed (for kids only) Smart interior, comfy lounge with smart TV, fast internet, washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower, additional separate WC.	Our apartment offers comfort and quietness. Located in the best area of Paris, it is at the crossroads of Canal St Martin, Le Marais and Gare du Nord. It is a vibrant neighborhood filled with restaurants and bars. Two-room apartment with 1 lounge and 1 bedroom with king size bed. Possibility to sleep in the sofa (probably the most comfortable one ever), plus additional air mattress if needed (for kids only) Smart interior, comfy lounge with smart TV, fast internet, washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower, additional separate WC. Don't hesitate to ask for recommendations on places to go and visit! Situated on the right bank of the River Seine, the flat is in one of the nicest areas of Paris, at the crossroads of many different neighborhoods (African quarter, hipster places next to Canal St Martin, Le Marais and the chic areas). It reflects the mixed and cosmopolitan parisian life. Parks around the apartment, supermarket and venues nearby. Great place to stay and 
8815	This charming apartment is very comfortable and mixes the antique and modern styles. Entirely equipped, it is perfectly functional. It is very bright and sunny with a clear view on the Saint Vincent de Paul church. This beautiful apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a haussmannian building, directly accessible by the elevator. It faces south west.  This charming apartment with high ceilings is covered with parquet flooring and features several fireplaces as well as moldings. The living room is made up of a lounge area, a piano and a dining table for four people. The lounge consists of two sofa including one 140 cm convertible, a low table, a flat screen TV, a corner office and an armchair. Two bedrooms are at your disposal with two 140 cm double beds. The kitchen is separate and fully-equipped. The bathroom offers a bathtub and the toilets are separate. In the heart of the Grands Boulevards, the vibrant Bonne Nouvelle neighborhood offers you a great number of boutiques, cafés, rest	This charming apartment is very comfortable and mixes the antique and modern styles. Entirely equipped, it is perfectly functional. It is very bright and sunny with a clear view on the Saint Vincent de Paul church. This beautiful apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a haussmannian building, directly accessible by the elevator. It faces south west.  This charming apartment with high ceilings is covered with parquet flooring and features several fireplaces as well as moldings. The living room is made up of a lounge area, a piano and a dining table for four people. The lounge consists of two sofa including one 140 cm convertible, a low table, a flat screen TV, a corner office and an armchair. Two bedrooms are at your disposal with two 140 cm double beds. The kitchen is separate and fully-equipped. The bathroom offers a bathtub and the toilets are separate. In the heart of the Grands Boulevards, the vibrant Bonne Nouvelle neighborhood offers you a great number of boutiques, cafés, rest
8816	Appartement lumineux avec grand salon. Coin bar avec tabourets et coin salon avec canapé et fauteuil. Chambre principale avec un grand lit neuf deux places, autre chambre avec clic clac 2 places + clic clac dans le grand salon. Balcon qui donne sur le boulevard. Salle de bain avec douche. Internet disponible. Les deux chambres donnent sur la cour et sont calmes.	Appartement lumineux avec grand salon. Coin bar avec tabourets et coin salon avec canapé et fauteuil. Chambre principale avec un grand lit neuf deux places, autre chambre avec clic clac 2 places + clic clac dans le grand salon. Balcon qui donne sur le boulevard. Salle de bain avec douche. Internet disponible. Les deux chambres donnent sur la cour et sont calmes. Accès gare du nord, métro lignes 4 et 5 et RER  B D E et proche gare de l'est ligne 7. Station vélib' juste à côté. Échanges possibles par mail, remise des clés en main propre (ou autre arrangement le cas échéant). Entre Montmartre, les grands boulevards et république, quartier dynamique, proche toutes commodités. Proche Galeries Lafayettes et Le Printemps. Marché Saint Quentin pour faire ses courses (produits régionaux de qualité) + Carrefour Market'+ Monop' daily + Leader price.  Accès gare du nord, métro lignes 4 et 5 et RER  B (direction Chatelet)  D (direct vers la gare de Lyon) E (Montparnasse Saint Lazare) et proche gare
8817	This lovely 75-m2 flat can host up to 7 people with 3 bedrooms (double beds), a fully-equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, hot plates), a charming living room, a bathroom and separated toilets, and a quiet patio.	Just nearby Le Marais, our lovely flat is perfectly located in the center of Paris. There's 3 bedrooms, a fully-equiped kitchen, it is located 20 meters far from the subway. It can host up to 7 people. This lovely 75-m2 flat can host up to 7 people with 3 bedrooms (double beds), a fully-equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, hot plates), a charming living room, a bathroom and separated toilets, and a quiet patio. Guests have access to the whole apartment, TV, Internet, washing machine. We are 3 guys who like to travel and airbnb users, so we'll make you enjoy your stay in Paris giving you our best tips. We'll also be here to answer your questions and help you as much as we can. The flat is located between République, Nation and Le Marais, it's a very parisien neighborhood. The environment is quiet but you'll be 5 minutes walking from bars and restaurants, where you can party all night long ! - Subway 9 (stop Saint-Ambroise) - Subway 5 (stop Richard Lenoir)
8818		situé à 1 minute du métro république cet appartement permet une connexion directe par métro dans toute la capitale ; sa vue sur le canal saint martin séduira les romantiques ; cuisine indépendante , salles de bains indépendantes , et wc particuliers
8819	This comfortable studio apartment comes with all the ameneties, including a quality queen bed, washing machine and fully equipped  kitchen.  It's a stones throw (3 minute walk) from the picturesque Canal St Martin, a trendy area of Paris surronded by bars, restaurants and cafes. The studio apartment is clean, functional, well lit and keeps relatively cool in summer. It's on the ground level, so no need to tackle  flights of stairs (so often the case in Paris).  There is a cute courtyard outside the apartment. And the complex is safe and quiet (just what is required after a day of exploring the sites!) Basics: tea, coffee, unlimited high speed Internet. I'm happy to give tips and advices about the area, transports and Paris in general.  I usually go away on weekends. The 10th arrondissement is a great base for anyone wanting to enjoy a more trendy and less tourist crazy part of Paris.  This area is popular amongst artists and creatives and because of its cool vibe and trendy bars and ca	This comfortable studio apartment comes with all the ameneties, including a quality queen bed, washing machine and fully equipped  kitchen.  It's a stones throw (3 minute walk) from the picturesque Canal St Martin, a trendy area of Paris surronded by bars, restaurants and cafes. The studio apartment is clean, functional, well lit and keeps relatively cool in summer. It's on the ground level, so no need to tackle  flights of stairs (so often the case in Paris).  There is a cute courtyard outside the apartment. And the complex is safe and quiet (just what is required after a day of exploring the sites!) Basics: tea, coffee, unlimited high speed Internet. I'm happy to give tips and advices about the area, transports and Paris in general.  I usually go away on weekends.  The 10th arrondissement is a great base for anyone wanting to enjoy a more trendy and less tourist crazy part of Paris.  This area is popular amongst artists and creatives and because of its cool vibe and trendy bars and c
8820	The flat overlooks the canal at the front while the terrace is at the back so there is no vis-a-vis from the terrace! Located on the first floor, with elevator the apartment is 50sq metres (540 sq ft). It offers an entrance hall, a large dining / sitting room, an en-suite bedroom, separate toilet and a standalone kitchen equipped for people who love cooking. Both the kitchen and the dining side of the large room open onto a terrace overlooking a small garden. The comfortable sitting room has a two-seater sofa and a queen size sofa bed (both by Natuzzi), a 42 inch flat screen TV, Cable TV with integrated Blu-ray DVD player and a music player docking (iphone, ipod and MP3). The dining area has a 150 cm square dining table allowing for comfortable dining for up to 8 people. The large pictures on the walls are by Bernard Villemot, a famous French graphic artist known primarily for his iconic advertising images. The bedroom has a double bed, a large closet, 2 suitcase stands, 2 bed-side tab	This one bedroom apartment can sleep up to 4 people and is located on Quai de Valmy by the Canal St Martin where you overlook the canal from the comfort of the sofa. Within walking distance of the Marais, it has all amenities close by; local shops, supermarkets, food and art market, as well as an excellent choice of restaurants and cafes. The flat overlooks the canal at the front while the terrace is at the back so there is no vis-a-vis from the terrace! Located on the first floor, with elevator the apartment is 50sq metres (540 sq ft). It offers an entrance hall, a large dining / sitting room, an en-suite bedroom, separate toilet and a standalone kitchen equipped for people who love cooking. Both the kitchen and the dining side of the large room open onto a terrace overlooking a small garden. The comfortable sitting room has a two-seater sofa and a queen size sofa bed (both by Natuzzi), a 42 inch flat screen TV, Cable TV with integrated Blu-ray DVD player and a music player docking (i
8821	We live in a 40m2 one-bed flat with bright walls and wooden floor.  We have an ensuite bedroom. Finallt, both the bedroom and the living room look over a courtyard. So the flat is really quiet.	The Area Our flat is located near the canal saint martin, one of the hypest area of Paris. Busy at night with many  restaurants & bars… Ideal location to enjoy the real Parisian lifestyle during your stay in the city. We live in a 40m2 one-bed flat with bright walls and wooden floor.  We have an ensuite bedroom. Finallt, both the bedroom and the living room look over a courtyard. So the flat is really quiet. You will have access to the entire flat except the dressing. I am available to chat prior to arrival to supply you with all information needed. We will see each other on your arrival and on your departure. You will also have my phone number in case there is problem. Our flat is within a stone's throw of the Canal St Martin and the Ecluse (lock) Villemin. It is close to all the restaurants and bars on offer near the Canal.  Immediately down the flat, you will find lots local shops and bakeries in the Faubourg St Martin. The flat is conveniently situated as it is close to several met
8822	The Canal Saint Martin is a fabulous place for romantic people but also for families. Enjoy this area !	Flat for : 4 adultes + 1 kid + 1 baby OR for : 3 adultes + 2 kids + 1 baby OR for : 2 adultes + 3 kids + 1 baby The Canal Saint Martin is a fabulous place for romantic people but also for families. Enjoy this area ! Our guests will have access to all the flat except our office because we use it to put our staffs in it. So, you have 110 m2 for you. We don't want animals and smokers (but you can smoke outside, on the balcony) in the flat because our little girl is allergic. We leave the flat during your stay but you can call our friend who leave in Paris if you have a question about our appartement. We love to have access to everything (restaurants, cafés, theatre, shops...) because the flat is in the center of Paris ! Nearest stations of the metro : République (very central) and Gare de l'est (very practical when you come by the train).
8823	2 rooms apartment in the center of Paris and just a 1 minute walk from Gare du Nord and 5 minutes from Gare de L'Est . The apartment is close to all amenities. Convenient location , quiet and safe , feel at home and enjoy your stay in one of the most dynamic areas of Paris ! At the heart of Paris . In a typical Parisian building , 3rd floor no elevator, this very comfortable apartment has 2 separate rooms : - The living room with a sofa bed , TV with DVD / Blue Ray DVD player , wireless internet (wifi), a desk with a leather chair . - 1 bedroom with a double bed, The kitchen is equipped with a multifunction microwave , fridge, ceramic glass hob, washing machine and all the necessary kitchenware . The bathroom has a shower has italiennne , quiet shredder WC , wash basin, a towel . A set of towels and linens are provided during your visit . The apartment sleeps two people (up to four people - for short periods ) beds , a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge. With its la	2 rooms apartment in the center of Paris and just a 1 minute walk from Gare du Nord and 5 minutes from Gare de L'Est. The apartment is close to all amenities. 2 rooms apartment in the center of Paris and just a 1 minute walk from Gare du Nord and 5 minutes from Gare de L'Est . The apartment is close to all amenities. Convenient location , quiet and safe , feel at home and enjoy your stay in one of the most dynamic areas of Paris ! At the heart of Paris . In a typical Parisian building , 3rd floor no elevator, this very comfortable apartment has 2 separate rooms : - The living room with a sofa bed , TV with DVD / Blue Ray DVD player , wireless internet (wifi), a desk with a leather chair . - 1 bedroom with a double bed, The kitchen is equipped with a multifunction microwave , fridge, ceramic glass hob, washing machine and all the necessary kitchenware . The bathroom has a shower has italiennne , quiet shredder WC , wash basin, a towel . A set of towels and linens are provided during you
8824	Idealy located, just near the metro Station Goncourt and 5 minutes walking from the central station Republique, the appartement is in a quiet street, downtown Paris. You could enjoye the night life of Oberkampf district or the beautiful Canal St Martin and join directely most of metro lines by walking 5 minutes.   It's a typical 1 bedroom studio in the old parisien style offering all the comfort of a renew flat. The living room is spacious and bright. It includes a dinner space and a sofa space with a flat screen TV and free wifi. The bathroom offers a shower and a washing machin for long stays. The kitchen is small but carries full range of standard facilities : frigde, caffee machine, crockery, cooktop,...) The bedroom includes a double bed and a quiet view on the building yard. Enjoye the pictures and feel at home : ) Marie	If you want to enjoye typical parisian life, while I'm traveling out of town, you've found the perfect place. I just renovated my place a few weeks ago, and you'll enjoye a little typical old style but brand new apartment ! Idealy located, just near the metro Station Goncourt and 5 minutes walking from the central station Republique, the appartement is in a quiet street, downtown Paris. You could enjoye the night life of Oberkampf district or the beautiful Canal St Martin and join directely most of metro lines by walking 5 minutes.   It's a typical 1 bedroom studio in the old parisien style offering all the comfort of a renew flat. The living room is spacious and bright. It includes a dinner space and a sofa space with a flat screen TV and free wifi. The bathroom offers a shower and a washing machin for long stays. The kitchen is small but carries full range of standard facilities : frigde, caffee machine, crockery, cooktop,...) The bedroom includes a double bed and a quiet view on the
8825	Ascenseur Double vitrage Volets roulants dans les chambres Baignoire Balcon sur la longueur de l'appartement	80 m2, living room with kitchen of 35 m2. Balcony over the entire length. Sleeps: 1 double bed (140x190), 2 single beds (90x190), a sofa bed (160x200). Bathroom with bath, separate toilet. A good place for a family.
8826	Cat and dog friendly!	One-bedroom apartment with a garden and separate living spaces. It houses 4 comfortably and has a lovely garden entrance. It's next to the enchanting canal Saint Martin, yet still quiet.  I would love you to feel at home in my home away from home.  Note: The picture is temporary. Cat and dog friendly! Cat and dog friendly!
8827	Appartement situé a 50mètres du canal saint martin. Quartier populaire et convivial. De nombreux bars et restaurants a proximité. SUpermarché dans la rue, boucher, charcutier, poissonnier, primeur a 200 mètres.	Appartement 2 pièces de 29 mètres carré situé a une cinquantaine de mètres du canal Saint Martin, dans quartier très calme et convivial. A 5min de la gare de l'est et 15min de la gare du nord, 2min de Jaures.  Beaucoup de restaurants et bars sympas Appartement situé a 50mètres du canal saint martin. Quartier populaire et convivial. De nombreux bars et restaurants a proximité. SUpermarché dans la rue, boucher, charcutier, poissonnier, primeur a 200 mètres. Canal SAint martin, jardin de la villette,  5 min de gare de l'est et 15 min de gare du nord a pieds. Stations de métro a moins de 10 min : gare de l'est, louis blanc, Chateau landon, jaures, colonel fabien, stalingrad
8828	Appartement spacieux, clair et lumineux dans une résidence bien entretenue et sécurisée. Cuisine entièrement équipée. Linge le maison disponible. Ménage fait avant et après votre séjour. Ordinateur et imprimante sont disponibles dans l'appartement.	Appartement spacieux, clair et lumineux dans une résidence bien entretenue et sécurisée. Cuisine entièrement équipée. Linge le maison disponible. Ménage fait avant et après votre séjour. Ordinateur et imprimante sont disponibles dans l'appartement. Parking privé gratuit dans l'immeuble. Piscine chauffée, sauna dans la résidence. Près du Canal St Martin, des Gares du Nord et de l'Est. Quartier vivant mais calme avec tous les commerces dans un rayon de 50m et de nombreux restaurants Entrée de l'immeuble face au métro Louis Blanc (ligne 7) desservant les Grand Magasins, l'Opéra, le Louvre, etc. Les Gares du Nord et de l'Est sont à 10 minutes à pied.
8829	C'est un appartement très agréable avec deux pièces assez spacieuses pour ce type de surface à paris (le salon fait 25m2 et la chambre 15m2). Clair et calme (le double vitrage vous protège des bruits de la ville), il est personnalisé juste ce qu'il faut, avec mes livres et quelques objets que j'aime. Vous vous y sentirez très à l'aise et comme chez vous. 	Beau deux pièces tout proche de la Gare du Nord et du Canal Saint Martin, rénové récemment dans un immeuble ancien, au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Beaucoup de charme, parquet, un grand salon avec cuisine équipée, chambre spacieuse et SalledeBains atypique avec douche italienne. C'est un appartement très agréable avec deux pièces assez spacieuses pour ce type de surface à paris (le salon fait 25m2 et la chambre 15m2). Clair et calme (le double vitrage vous protège des bruits de la ville), il est personnalisé juste ce qu'il faut, avec mes livres et quelques objets que j'aime. Vous vous y sentirez très à l'aise et comme chez vous.  Idéalement, il est fait pour un couple ou un voyageur indépendant, et peut aussi convenir pour une troisième personne ou un enfant dormant sur le canapé du salon. La literie et l'équipement sont de qualité, vous disposez d'un four traditionnel, d'un lave vaisselle et d'un lave linge, ainsi que d'une connexion internet par câble ou wifi. J'ai un travail qui me fa
8830		À louer! chambre spacieuse d'environ 15 m2 dans bel appartement de type Haussmanien, idéalement situé, 5 minutes de la gare du nord, 10 minutes du sacré coeur et de Pigalle et son fameux moulin rouge! Appartement tout confort avec un vrai lit!
8831	Quiet and bright, freshly renovate apartment with balcony and parking. A wonderful place to rest after a long day of walk in Paris	2-rooms apartment with balcony, american kitchen, double bedroom, very quiet and sunny. Close to Canal Saint Martin. Modern and cosy decoration, a perfect place for a couple for a wonderful stay in Paris Quiet and bright, freshly renovate apartment with balcony and parking. A wonderful place to rest after a long day of walk in Paris washing machine, dishwasher I would like to interact with Guests before their stay by phone or by email good restaurants, thaï, cambodien, french, italian food  long walk along Canal Saint Martin, quai de Jemmapes, Parc des Buttes Chaumont Sunday Market and Brunches 5 Metro Lignes, RER B, easy access to train stations Gare de L'Est : Metro ligne 4, 5, 7 Jacques Bonsergent : Metro  5 Gare du Nord / La Chapelle: RER B (Aéroport Orly or Roissy Charles de Gaulle) & metro ligne 4 &t 2 Colonel Fabien : metro 2 Goncourt : metro 11 5 min from Gare de l'Est by feet
8832	"Cosy apartment in the heart of Belleville, in a very quite street. Apartment of 35m² i share with my brother Thomas. He has his own bed room. You will be staying in the living room in a 1 person bed separated with curtains that really make a bedroom. My brother can be there, but he will let you the all living room so you can be like home ! The apartment is on the 2nd floor without elevator. Subway station (Belleville at 2 min). A lot of bars and restaurants really close. And all you need for a super stay! Especially a wonderful market on saturday morning at 100m to taste local french products. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier Belleville.  Il fait 35m² et je le partage avec mon frère Thomas. Il a sa propre chambre.  Vous serez accueillis dans de ""chalon"" = chambre+salon ! Les deux sont clairement séparés par des rideaux qui forment une réelle chambre à coucher.  Mon frère pourra être là en fin de journée, mais il vous laissera l'intégralité de la pièce sans"	"                Je propose un lit une place dans l'appartement que je partage avec mon frère.              Cosy apartment in the heart of Belleville, in a very quite street. Apartment of 35m² i share with my brother Thomas. He has his own bed room. You will be staying in the living room in a 1 person bed separated with curtains that really make a bedroom. My brother can be there, but he will let you the all living room so you can be like home ! The apartment is on the 2nd floor without elevator. Subway station (Belleville at 2 min). A lot of bars and restaurants really close. And all you need for a super stay! Especially a wonderful market on saturday morning at 100m to taste local french products. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier Belleville.  Il fait 35m² et je le partage avec mon frère Thomas. Il a sa propre chambre.  Vous serez accueillis dans de ""chalon"" = chambre+salon ! Les deux sont clairement séparés par des rideaux qui forment une réelle chambre à"
8833	The space is an apartment where live two students , osteopathy and journalism. We offer a room in Air b'n'b in our apartment. The apartment will also be occupied by one of us . We love hearing new people and share the experiences of each!	"This is a nice apartment on the 6th floor of a beautiful building Haussman at ""Gare de l'Est"" , perfectly located if people want to travel. The area is ideal, with the ""St Martin canal"", the street ""Rue du Faubourg St Denis"" and bars ! The space is an apartment where live two students , osteopathy and journalism. We offer a room in Air b'n'b in our apartment. The apartment will also be occupied by one of us . We love hearing new people and share the experiences of each! The apartment has two bedrooms, a lounge , a bathroom and a kitchen. Travelers will have privatized their rooms and common areas , namely the living room, bathroom and kitchen We will be happy to give tips outputs to travelers. We speak English, so it is possible to communicate! The ""Gare de l'Est"" is a neighborhood that everyone adopts in Paris. Near the Canal Saint Martin , it is known for its trendy bars , to its docks and cinemas. The street ""Rue de Faubourg Saint Denis"" offers many traditional shops and many bars ."
8834		Le studio est idéalement situé à proximité du canal St Martin, dans une rue calme  très bien desservie par les transports. Situé dans une résidence sécurisée avec ascenseur, il peut accueillir deux personnes.   Tout proche des quartiers très branchés et animés du Canal St Martin et du Canal de l'Ourcq mais aussi du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Beaucoup de restaurants , bars et cinémas à proximité. Il y a également de nombreux commerces aux alentours. Trois lignes de métro à moins de 2mn à pied (lignes 2,5 et 7). A 10mn de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est.
8835	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre grâce à la répartition des pièces et son aménagement : - Un lieux de vie, cosy le salon/salle à manger qui donne sur une avenue passante qui rythme nos journées (vis à vis au loin vu que c'est une avenue).  - Une chambre très spacieuse, au calme donnant du côté cours pour se reposer.  - Une cuisine petite mais fonctionnelle toute équipée (réaménagée très récemment en octobre 2014).  - Une salle de bain très petite mais comprenant une grande douche et des WC séparés (discrets, se trouvant dans l'appartement à l'entré). L'appartement est alors idéal pour tous, pour : - Un jeune couple seul, tout simplement parce que c'est ce que nous sommes et que nous y vivons très bien au quotidien. - Un jeune couple accompagné d'un enfant. La chambre permet de trouver son intimité tandis que le salon comporte un meuble rehaussé d'un futon permettant d'accueillir le sommeil d'un enfant. - 3 ou 4 maximum ami(e)s proches qui ont un petit budget pour quelques jours.	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre grâce à la répartition des pièces et son aménagement : - Un lieux de vie, cosy le salon/salle à manger qui donne sur une avenue passante qui rythme nos journées (vis à vis au loin vu que c'est une avenue).  - Une chambre très spacieuse, au calme donnant du côté cours pour se reposer.  - Une cuisine petite mais fonctionnelle toute équipée (réaménagée très récemment en octobre 2014).  - Une salle de bain très petite mais comprenant une grande douche et des WC séparés (discrets, se trouvant dans l'appartement à l'entré). L'appartement est alors idéal pour tous, pour : - Un jeune couple seul, tout simplement parce que c'est ce que nous sommes et que nous y vivons très bien au quotidien. - Un jeune couple accompagné d'un enfant. La chambre permet de trouver son intimité tandis que le salon comporte un meuble rehaussé d'un futon permettant d'accueillir le sommeil d'un enfant. - 3 ou 4 maximum ami(e)s proches qui ont un petit budget pour quelques jours.
8836	The flat is very quiet and bright, 6th and last floor. No lift. Kitchen fully furnished including dishwasher and washing machine. Living Room with a very good quality large sofa bed. One bedroom with a large bed. Shower and toilet in the bathroom. Everything is new, flat restored early 2014. Wifi Trendy and lively neighbourhood with all the facilities and a lot of very good restaurants. Métro Bonne Nouvelle/Grands Boulevards (Line 8 and Line 9) Métro Poissonnière (Line 7) 15 minutes walk from Opéra, Châtelet and République	The flat is very quiet and bright, 6th and last floor. No lift. Kitchen fully furnished including dishwasher and washing machine. Living Room with a very good quality large sofa bed. One bedroom with a large bed. Shower and toilet in the bathroom. Everything is new, flat restored early 2014. Wifi Trendy and lively neighbourhood with all the facilities and a lot of very good restaurants. Métro Bonne Nouvelle/Grands Boulevards (Line 8 and Line 9) Métro Poissonnière (Line 7) 15 minutes walk from Opéra, Châtelet and République
8837	Après quatre étages sans ascenseur, vous accédez à cet appartement d'une surface de 40 m².  Vous disposez d'une salle-à-manger/cuisine équipée :  - réfrigérateur,  - plaque de cuisson,  - four traditionnel,  - four micro-ondes,  - lave-vaisselle,  - ustensiles de cuisine,  - plats, vaisselle, couverts. Prenez le minimum dans vos bagages puisque vous trouvez dans la salle d'eau : - produits de toilette, - serviettes,  - sèche-cheveux, - lave-linge séchant, - fer et table à repasser. (pensez juste à votre brosse à dents).  Vous n'avez pas de draps à emporter, ils sont mis à votre disposition.	VENEZ à 2, 4, 6 ! 3 VRAIS LITS S'ADAPTENT A VOS BESOINS ;-) Après quatre étages sans ascenseur, vous accédez à cet appartement d'une surface de 40 m².  Vous disposez d'une salle-à-manger/cuisine équipée :  - réfrigérateur,  - plaque de cuisson,  - four traditionnel,  - four micro-ondes,  - lave-vaisselle,  - ustensiles de cuisine,  - plats, vaisselle, couverts. Prenez le minimum dans vos bagages puisque vous trouvez dans la salle d'eau : - produits de toilette, - serviettes,  - sèche-cheveux, - lave-linge séchant, - fer et table à repasser. (pensez juste à votre brosse à dents).  Vous n'avez pas de draps à emporter, ils sont mis à votre disposition. Astucieux couchages : les 3 vrais lits, dont 2 dans la même pièce, sont invisibles le jour et se présentent à vous uniquement à l'heure du coucher vous laissant tout l'espace le jour. Personne ne dort sur un canapé sur lequel tout le monde s'est assis la journée. 1 lit plateau Queen size 160 x 200 - 2 armoires-lits 140 x 190 Vous êtes en ré
8838	1 double bed (for 2) is available in a private room.  You will share the apartment with me or my roommate. From August 19 to 31 the whole apartment is available, 2 bedrooms with double beds to accommodate up to 2 adult couples. Bathroom with bathtub. toilet in separate room. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can cook.  3rd floor, no elevator. If i'm gone you will have to feed the fish. :)	Charming sunny flat on the 3rd floor of quiet building. Great summer spot on the canal St Martin. Metro Stalingrad or Louis Blanc.  A few minutes away from Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Cinema at 200m. 1 double bed (for 2) is available in a private room.  You will share the apartment with me or my roommate. From August 19 to 31 the whole apartment is available, 2 bedrooms with double beds to accommodate up to 2 adult couples. Bathroom with bathtub. toilet in separate room. The kitchen is fully equipped so you can cook.  3rd floor, no elevator. If i'm gone you will have to feed the fish. :) AAA The canal is great to hang out in the summer.  try to play pétanque! (boules available in the apartment). cinemas Quai de Seine & Quai de Loire at 200m. metro lines 2, 5, 7.  city bikes near by.
8839	Logement atypique avec poteaux en bois, balcon filant, et orientation plein sud. Cet appartement est extrêmement ensoleillé et lumineux. Placé au bord du canal saint martin et du canal de l'ourcq, ce logement est idéal pour un WE à Paris.	Jolie deux pièces avec poutres apparentes et balcon filant. Orientation Sud et 5ième étage. Lumineux, Spacieux, idéalement situé. Proche du Canal Saint Martin, du Canal de l'Ourcq, et du Parc de la Villette. Idéal pour un WE à Paris. Logement atypique avec poteaux en bois, balcon filant, et orientation plein sud. Cet appartement est extrêmement ensoleillé et lumineux. Placé au bord du canal saint martin et du canal de l'ourcq, ce logement est idéal pour un WE à Paris. Vous aurez accès à: internet sans fil, un lave linge, un lave caisselle, un four, des plaques au gaz, un frigidaire avec réfrigérateur, une salle bain avec baignoire, et tout le matériel nécessaire pour cuisiner. Lors de la remise des clés, je serais présent pour présenter l'appartement aux futurs locataires, leurs donner les informations sur le quartier, et répondre à leurs questions.  Je resterais joignable par téléphone pendant toute la durée de leurs séjours. Le quartier est unique avec ses canaux (Canal Saint Martin,
8840	Bel appartement de 45m2 calme et lumineux, agréable à vivre entièrement restauré grande hauteur sous plafond. Il se situe au nord du 10e arrondissement, à 8 minutes à pied de Montmartre ou de la Gare du Nord.  Il se compose d'une entrée, une cuisine, un salon, une salle de bain et une grande pièce séparée en deux par un claustra avec lit en mezzanine et canapé lit. Nombreux rangements et penderie. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, four, four à micro ondes,   hotte aspirante, plaques vitro-céramique, réfrigérateur avec freezer et lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec douche, WC, sèche serviettes et lave linge. Salon-salle à manger avec 2 fauteuils et table basse, table à rallonge pouvant accueillir 6 convives. Chambre-living avec lit en mezzanine et canapé BZ de 140 pour 4 couchages (2 fois 2 places).	Bel appartement pierre de taille typiquement Parisien dans immeuble Haussmannien. Calme et lumineux avec vue sur deux cours, il peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. À 8 minutes à pied du Sacré-Cœur, principales lignes de métro ( 2, 4, RER B ). Bel appartement de 45m2 calme et lumineux, agréable à vivre entièrement restauré grande hauteur sous plafond. Il se situe au nord du 10e arrondissement, à 8 minutes à pied de Montmartre ou de la Gare du Nord.  Il se compose d'une entrée, une cuisine, un salon, une salle de bain et une grande pièce séparée en deux par un claustra avec lit en mezzanine et canapé lit. Nombreux rangements et penderie. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, four, four à micro ondes,   hotte aspirante, plaques vitro-céramique, réfrigérateur avec freezer et lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec douche, WC, sèche serviettes et lave linge. Salon-salle à manger avec 2 fauteuils et table basse, table à rallonge pouvant accueillir 6 convives. Chambre-living avec lit en mezzan
8841	Bright apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris close to the trendy pedestrian street of Montorgueil. This charming 60 sqm apartment is very quiet and full of light.  The flat gets a large living room with 3 french windows and direct access to the southern facing balcony bathed of light from morning to evening, a large sofa, flat screen TV, wi-fi and telephone (for long term rental). The kitchen is fully equipped with a SMEG refregirator, a Nespresso coffee machine, combined microwave, toasters and a dish washer. Bathroom with bath and washing machine. (Towels provided if needed) and  Bedroom with a high quality double bed and a large closet.  I am at your entire disposal to help or provide you any information before, during and after your stay! I can be reached at any time by mail or on my phone. Located in rue de Clery (2nd district), you will enjoy the neighbourhood. Very close the trendy rue Montorgueil, one of the most famous street in Paris lined with famous restaurants, c	Bright 60 sqm apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris close to the trendy pedestrian street of Montorgueil. Bright apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris close to the trendy pedestrian street of Montorgueil. This charming 60 sqm apartment is very quiet and full of light.  The flat gets a large living room with 3 french windows and direct access to the southern facing balcony bathed of light from morning to evening, a large sofa, flat screen TV, wi-fi and telephone (for long term rental). The kitchen is fully equipped with a SMEG refregirator, a Nespresso coffee machine, combined microwave, toasters and a dish washer. Bathroom with bath and washing machine. (Towels provided if needed) and  Bedroom with a high quality double bed and a large closet.  I am at your entire disposal to help or provide you any information before, during and after your stay! I can be reached at any time by mail or on my phone. Located in rue de Clery (2nd district), you will enjoy the neighbour
8842	The appartment is located in the center of Paris. 2 min walk from the metro Goncourt line 11 or  5 min walk from the metro Republique, Line 8,3,11,9,5. Many bars and restaurants all of kinds in the area, supermakets.  This is an area where you feel completely safe. 	Great area, Next canal saint Martin, 10 min walk from historic area Le Marais, and 20 min from the Hotel de ville, chatelet. The appartment is located in the center of Paris. 2 min walk from the metro Goncourt line 11 or  5 min walk from the metro Republique, Line 8,3,11,9,5. Many bars and restaurants all of kinds in the area, supermakets.  This is an area where you feel completely safe. We'll let the whole apartment during your stay, with clean sheets and towels. 
8843	Excellent location on Canal Saint Martin in friendly neighborhood with our favorite delicious bakery just downstairs, as well as multiple grocery stores and delicious restaurants of many variety near by. Located in a modern building with elevator, very secure building with easy access. Fully furnished apartment : american style kitchen with 	Bonjour! Hello! Hola! Oi! Ni Hao! Hallo! For Rent: Spacious modern apartment located 2 minutes by foot from Canal Saint Martin, 8 minutes from Gare de l'Est, great location. Fully equipped kitchen, shower, dining table. Elevator, secure building. Excellent location on Canal Saint Martin in friendly neighborhood with our favorite delicious bakery just downstairs, as well as multiple grocery stores and delicious restaurants of many variety near by. Located in a modern building with elevator, very secure building with easy access. Fully furnished apartment : american style kitchen with 
8844		Here is a very plesant flat of 70metters square composed of 2 bedrooms, 1 leaving room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and toilets. The interaction will depend of the availabilty of everyone, you might be alone in the appartment some days or nights of your stay.
8845	my love studio is in the centre of Paris with 28m carres.  the flat has a very big bed. It's in the second floor without elevator. The flat is equipped with:  Hair dryer  Electric fan  Microwave oven  And Wi-fi access  The linen is included(sheets, towels etc) I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world	welcome, the guest can use everything in the studio  the flat has a mezzaine double bed  there are many restaurants, bars and supermarches here  1 mins walk from the Metro Strasbourg saint-denis, near Metro republique; chateau d'eau; gare de l'est my love studio is in the centre of Paris with 28m carres.  the flat has a very big bed. It's in the second floor without elevator. The flat is equipped with:  Hair dryer  Electric fan  Microwave oven  And Wi-fi access  The linen is included(sheets, towels etc) I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world The guest will be allowed to use everything in my flat, including everything in the kitchen, restroom, and bedroom.  You can Check in after 13h and check out before 12h. If you have any problems, contact with me So close to the supermarket, banks, bars and restaurants The transportation is convenient, quickly.  1 mins walk from 
8846	The apartment is close from subway (république) and next to a lot of good restaurants & supermarket. This charming place is very quiet for lovers.  You can take breakfast and lunch on the balcony, with a garden view.  The living room is quite big, bright & very cosy. The room have a very comfortable bed and you can have the surprise to be awaked by the birdsong.	This cosy apartment is situated on the Canal Saint-Martin, wit
8847		This appartment is small but cosy and calm.  It's located in one of the best neighborhood in Paris for people who like bars, clubs, retsaurants, but also art and parisian style !  the location is very convinient, close to many subway station.
8848	You will have a unique experience in this appartment with a very high ceiling (5 meters), its open kitchen and the peaceful living room. In the living room you will also find a sofa bed.  In the second room you will find a mezzanine with the bedroom at the top and a fully equipped bathroom with bottomless shower and separate WC	In this former factory of Chanel, you will find a typical parisian appartment in a building from the XVIIth century located in the heart of Paris, next to Gare du Nord. This flat is perfect to discover the best of Paris You will have a unique experience in this appartment with a very high ceiling (5 meters), its open kitchen and the peaceful living room. In the living room you will also find a sofa bed.  In the second room you will find a mezzanine with the bedroom at the top and a fully equipped bathroom with bottomless shower and separate WC You can enjoy all the appartment I am fluent in English and born in Paris, I will be able to answer your questions at any time and give you many insider tips Our appartment is located in the very heart of the famous Xth arrondissement of Paris and of the beaten path, next to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est (rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis). You will enjoy the day and night life of the neighboorhood, a real experience of the Parisian way of life ! Many
8849	Recently renoved by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd floor of a small parisian building, in a quiet street. It comprises a living room with an open plan kitchen overlooking a charming paved courtyard. Two bedrooms, each with a double bed (an additional bed for kids can be arranged), a shower room with separate toilet, and a walk in closet at disposal. The flat includes an oven, a micro wawe, a fridge, a freezer, a diswasher, a washer - dryer and an iron. Au 3ème étage, situé dans une rue tranquille,  l'appartement se compose d'un lumineux séjour / cuisine  donnant sur une jolie cour pavée, d'une salle de douche et de toilettes séparés. Deux chambres, chacune équipée d'un lit double. Possibilité lit d'appoint (enfant) sur demande.  Grand dressing séparé à disposition. A disposition: four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vaisselle, lave linge, séche linge, fer à repasser.  	Typical parisian apartment ideally located  in the heart of Paris, 5mns walking from Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord (Eurostar access and direct link to CDG airport). It can accomodate four people with its 2 cosy bedrooms.     Recently renoved by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 3rd floor of a small parisian building, in a quiet street. It comprises a living room with an open plan kitchen overlooking a charming paved courtyard. Two bedrooms, each with a double bed (an additional bed for kids can be arranged), a shower room with separate toilet, and a walk in closet at disposal. The flat includes an oven, a micro wawe, a fridge, a freezer, a diswasher, a washer - dryer and an iron. Au 3ème étage, situé dans une rue tranquille,  l'appartement se compose d'un lumineux séjour / cuisine  donnant sur une jolie cour pavée, d'une salle de douche et de toilettes séparés. Deux chambres, chacune équipée d'un lit double. Possibilité lit d'appoint (enfant) sur demande.  Grand 
8850	30 sq m studio with a double bed bedroom + a private bathroom (shower, WC) and a small kitchen (fridge,microwave) Large windows on a very quiet courtyard As the room is located in my apartment (same entrance) but you are very independent (you don't have to cross the apartment !) If you like, just ask me for having a tasteful and various breakfast shared with us. Paris 10th is becoming very trendy and gay with nice bars and restaurants 10mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, TGV Nord, RER from Airports) and Gare de l'Est (Thalys, ICE, TGV Est) Walking distance to Le Marais, Notre Dame, Republique, Opéra, Les Halles ... We are willing to show hot spots and go out with our guests Lift in the building Rémi	"you stay IN my apartment, which is a nice loft in a former 1930 industrial building ... but you are INDEPENDENT as the ""room"" is a 30 sq m well equipped studio !! 30 sq m studio with a double bed bedroom + a private bathroom (shower, WC) and a small kitchen (fridge,microwave) Large windows on a very quiet courtyard As the room is located in my apartment (same entrance) but you are very independent (you don't have to cross the apartment !) If you like, just ask me for having a tasteful and various breakfast shared with us. Paris 10th is becoming very trendy and gay with nice bars and restaurants 10mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, TGV Nord, RER from Airports) and Gare de l'Est (Thalys, ICE, TGV Est) Walking distance to Le Marais, Notre Dame, Republique, Opéra, Les Halles ... We are willing to show hot spots and go out with our guests Lift in the building Rémi Metro lines n° 4, 8, 9, 7, 5 Bike and car rental (Velib & Autolib) RER trains: A,B,D,EOLE"
8851	Appartement de 50m2 au cœur du quartier vivant et cosmopolite de Strasbourg-Saint-Denis.  Grand séjour avec cuisine à l’américaine tout équipée, neuve et fonctionnelle. 	the flat is located on the 2nd floor of a ancient building, Paris Center (10th). 1 bed room and 1 big living room with a sofa bed and a large open-plan kitchen fully equiped. 15min walk to Notre Dame and the heart of Paris and close to 3 métro lines
8852	Bright, simple, cute and well equiped!	Bright, simple, cute and well equiped! Good location to visit Montmartre and Canal Saint Martin, to go out and enjoy a full of life district! Easy to reach and to get out to visit, you can get the subway line 4, 7, 5 and 2
8853		"Large bedroom in the Center of Paris. Sleeps 2 adults. Bathroom & toilets. Very central and in a nice area of Paris. The street is full of trendy cafes and restaurants. Close to Canal Saint Martin and Grands Boulevards. Very close to metro stations You are free to use the living room and the kitchen I will be happy to show you the best places in the area. One of the trendiest Street of Paris 2 mins walk to Metro Station ""Chateau d'Eau"" (Line 4), 5 mins to ""Strasbourg St Denis"" (Lines 4,8,9) and 7 mins walk to ""Gare de l'Est"" (Lines 4,5,7)"
8854	Idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule venant s'installer pour le premier semestre (phone number hidden) à Paris. Vous disposerez du logement entier, et serez ainsi totalement indépendant(s). Les charges (gaz et électricité) sont incluses dans le tarif. L'appartement est entièrement meublé. Plusieurs étagères et les penderies du dressing seront dégagées afin que vous puissiez y déposer vos vêtements et affaires. - La chambre dispose d'un grand lit deux places. - Le salon et la chambre sont séparés par une grande porte coulissante. - La cuisine est entièrement équipée (ustensiles de cuisine, vaisselle, réfrigérateur et congélateur, micro-ondes, four, plaques chauffantes...)  - La salle de bain contient une baignoire et une machine à laver le linge.  - Les toilettes sont à part. Pour votre séjour, je vous fournis draps de lit, serviettes et gants de toilette. Vous pourrez utiliser la machine à laver à votre convenance. Charmant 2 pièces en plein cœur du jeune et dynamique 10e arrondi	Suitable for long stays. 2 rooms apartment, 375 ft², in the 10th district, close to city center. Very well served by many buses and the Paris metro, close to various shops, eateries and the famous Canal St-Martin. Very calm and pleasant to live in.
8855	Appartement bien agencé plein de charme, toute commodité. Cute appartment very light, romantic in a nice neighbourhood.	Deux pièces de charme à deux pas du canal saint martin, des buuttes chaumont et de gare de l'est. Goûtez à la vraie vie parisienne grâce à cet appartement calme bien agencé/desservi. Charmful 2 room appartment nearby the canal Saint Marin Experience an authentic lovely Parisian experience.Metros Appartement bien agencé plein de charme, toute commodité. Cute appartment very light, romantic in a nice neighbourhood. Je donnerai des préinformations par mail pour profiter du quartier/Informations by mail to enjoy the area L'appartement est situé au coeur de la vraie vie Parisienne, au Nord Est de Paris. Canal, Buttes Chaumont Bassin de la Villlette Gares de l'Est et du Nord 10 minutes à pied max. I consider the area as the hear of the Parisian life,  which is located in the North East of Paris. Canal/buttes chaumont/Gare de l'est gare du nord within a 10 minute reach by foot. Metros Louis Blanc, Chateau Landon, Gare de l'Est, Jaurès...Ligne/Line 5,2,7 bis 
8856	Room for rent in apartment. Classic two-bedrooms parisian flat (68 sqm). An elegant and soothing combination of old world charm and modern design with all the amenities. Lounge, kitchen, and bathroom are shared with the host (on morning & evening), but you'll feel at home all day :-) 	"Chambre à louer dans appartement. Classique trois-pièces ""bourgeois"" parisien de 68 m2. Salon, cuisine, et salle de bains sont partagés avec l'hôte (matin et soir) . Dans la journée, vous êtes comme chez vous :-) A 2 pas des Grands Boulevards, Canal St Martin, Opera et République ... Room for rent in apartment. Classic two-bedrooms parisian flat (68 sqm). An elegant and soothing combination of old world charm and modern design with all the amenities. Lounge, kitchen, and bathroom are shared with the host (on morning & evening), but you'll feel at home all day :-) Elevator, balcony, bathtub, ...  TV, DVD player, Wifi, ... Washing machine, Dryer, Dishwasher, ... Toaster, Nespresso machine, ... What else ?  :-) You are welcome in an open-minded, couchsurfer spirit ... Very lively and central district to discover Paris ! The appartment is at 2 steps from the Grands Boulevards, 15 mn walk from Canal St Martin, Opera and Republic places... You'll find all you need in the neighborhood (superm"
8857	DESCRIPTION  Refined 80 meters of surface appartment with wonderfull view in front of canal St martin  The apartment is on the 2rd floor of a building with elevator. The space is very sunny offering a stunning views of Canal St martin 15 Square meters room with huge parental bedroom and a king size bed composed with a luxury mattress from a high quality .Pillows and duvet are in goose down. When you get in that bed...you are like in a cloud..!  A closet to tidy your personal effect and a table with a chair.  The windows are double glazed to outside noise.	Refined 80 meters of surface appartment with wonderfull view in front of canal St martin  The apartment is on the 2rd floor of a building with elevator. The space is very sunny offering a stunning views of Canal St martin DESCRIPTION  Refined 80 meters of surface appartment with wonderfull view in front of canal St martin  The apartment is on the 2rd floor of a building with elevator. The space is very sunny offering a stunning views of Canal St martin 15 Square meters room with huge parental bedroom and a king size bed composed with a luxury mattress from a high quality .Pillows and duvet are in goose down. When you get in that bed...you are like in a cloud..!  A closet to tidy your personal effect and a table with a chair.  The windows are double glazed to outside noise. Access to the whole apartment! - The living room is very confortable with a 2 seats sofa A big dining table behind perfect for cool dinner in front of Canal ST Martin - The kitchen is fully equiped, quite big (12sqm)
8858	Lovely parisian studio, located near the Canal Saint Martin (Paris 10). Ideal for couples. Very calm and luminous, with view on a private garden, facing south. Kitchen fully equipped (oven, toaster,hob...), washing machine. Bathroom with shower and (website hidden) & Wifi. Studio charmant, dans le 10 eme arrondissement de Paris, situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin. Idéal pour les couple. Très calme et lumineux car donnant sur un jardin privé exposé plein sud. Coin cuisine pratique et équipé (four, plaques, grille pain), machine à laver. Salle de bain avec douche et (website hidden) et Wifi.	Cosy and peaceful Studio near Canal Saint Martin, Paris 10. 2 or 3 people. Trendy neighborhood. Metro Gare de l'Est (Lines 5,4,7), many bus. Lumineux et calme, 27m2 . Idéal pour couple. Possibilité 3 pers. Métro Gare de l'Est (Ligne 5,4,7), nombreux bus. Lovely parisian studio, located near the Canal Saint Martin (Paris 10). Ideal for couples. Very calm and luminous, with view on a private garden, facing south. Kitchen fully equipped (oven, toaster,hob...), washing machine. Bathroom with shower and (website hidden) & Wifi. Studio charmant, dans le 10 eme arrondissement de Paris, situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin. Idéal pour les couple. Très calme et lumineux car donnant sur un jardin privé exposé plein sud. Coin cuisine pratique et équipé (four, plaques, grille pain), machine à laver. Salle de bain avec douche et (website hidden) et Wifi. Trendy and dynamic neighborhood. Several bars, restaurants, shops and supermarkets. Located near public parks and the Canal Saint Martin just ou
8859	Cet appartement très confortable est entièrement refait a neuf. Il convient pour trois personnes, on y retrouve télévision et internet. Il est situé au 4eme étage (sans ascenseur). Le quartier est populaire et très vivant avec de nombreux restaurants.	Appartement de charme de deux pièces (30m2) au cœur de paris à quelques minutes à pied de la place de la république et du canal saint martin. Proche de toutes les commodités situé au 4eme étage dans un immeuble typiquement parisien. Cet appartement très confortable est entièrement refait a neuf. Il convient pour trois personnes, on y retrouve télévision et internet. Il est situé au 4eme étage (sans ascenseur). Le quartier est populaire et très vivant avec de nombreux restaurants. vous aurez la possibilité de vous balader au bord du canal saint martin et les lignes de métros emmèneront nos hôtes la ou ils veulent aller....
8860	I offer you my charming apartment, tastefully furnished, cozy, quiet (courtyard). Paris 10, near the Canal Saint Martin, of all trade (very good bakery, Monoprix, Franprix, wine ...). You can also find very good fresh produce through the covered market near my home. Of course, the time of your stay I would not be in the apartment. 2min Metro Gare de l'Est line 7,5,4 7min Metro North Station Line 2.5, RER B and D 7min canal saint martin 7min garden Villemin Close to Montmartre and the Marais	I offer you my charming apartment of 27m ², tastefully furnished, cozy, quiet (courtyard). Paris 10, near the Canal Saint Martin, of all trade (very good bakery, Monoprix, Franprix, wine ...). You can also find very good fresh produce through the covered market near my home. Of course, the time of your stay I would not be in the apartment. 2 bed (140cm) / Flat Screen TV Washing Machine Large fridge and large freezer Toaster I offer you my charming apartment, tastefully furnished, cozy, quiet (courtyard). Paris 10, near the Canal Saint Martin, of all trade (very good bakery, Monoprix, Franprix, wine ...). You can also find very good fresh produce through the covered market near my home. Of course, the time of your stay I would not be in the apartment. 2min Metro Gare de l'Est line 7,5,4 7min Metro North Station Line 2.5, RER B and D 7min canal saint martin 7min garden Villemin Close to Montmartre and the Marais 1 bed (140cm)  TV  Washing Machine  Large fridge and large freezer  Toaster 
8861		1 room Apartment with big terrace and beautiful view on Tour Eiffel.  Located in the center of Paris, Canal Saint Martin neighborhood, close to Metro Gare de l'Est and shops. Quiet and bright.
8862	the appartment has a double living room and three bedrooms (two double beds and one child bed + an extra child bed or single mattress is also available) 117 square meters the view is beautiful , bathed with sunlight, very quiet and yet only five minutes away from the trendy area of the canal saint martin	the appartment has a double living room and three bedrooms (two double beds and one child bed + an extra child bed or single mattress is also available) 117 square meters the view is beautiful , bathed with sunlight, very quiet and yet only five minutes away from the trendy area of the canal saint martin you have full access to the whole appartment and the balcony, empty closet space will be provided of course. only 5 mnutes away from the canal saint martin area where you will find many hip restaurant and cafés, as well as THE parisian place for summer picnic. close to many metro  and train stations, it will be so easy for you to go anywhere you want !
8863		This apartment is located a few minutes from the monuments of Paris such as Sacré coeur, Opéra and the Grand boulevards,there are some shops not far from it. Is's very convenient for those who whant to stay on in Paris without the hastle.
8864	Spacious and bright 3 room apartment (55m2) with 2 separated bedrooms (each bedroom is furnished with a kingsize bed). The art nouveau apartment decorated with fireplaces and located on the 5th floor is quiet and on the sunny side of the town. Long balcony with view over Sacré-Coeur and a fully-equipped kitchen. Bathroom and toilet separated. The possibility exists to have a 5th person sleeping in the living room. Wifi access and washing machine available. (Note: no elevator)	Spacious and bright 3 room apartment (55m2) with 2 separated bedrooms. The art nouveau apartment with balcony, near the Canal Saint Martin, is quiet and sunny. Vibrant commercial area. Near metro and train stations. Spacious and bright 3 room apartment (55m2) with 2 separated bedrooms (each bedroom is furnished with a kingsize bed). The art nouveau apartment decorated with fireplaces and located on the 5th floor is quiet and on the sunny side of the town. Long balcony with view over Sacré-Coeur and a fully-equipped kitchen. Bathroom and toilet separated. The possibility exists to have a 5th person sleeping in the living room. Wifi access and washing machine available. (Note: no elevator) All apartment. Great location only 50 m from the vibrant and charming canal St Martin. As the area gains popularity, new boutiques, cafés and restaurants keep cropping up on booth sides of the canal. Locals love to walk or just have a glass of wine at the canal on Sundays when the area is car free.  Th
8865	Charming and cozy apartment in the 10th arrondissement, perfect for couples. The apartment consists of a small kitchen equipped with all appliances, a living room with a couch that is actually a day bed and a big TV, a small bathroom and a bedroom with a bed for two. The apartment is located in a quiet neighborhood but a 1 minute walk from the popular Canal St.Martin and only a ten minute walk from Republique. 	Charming and cozy apartment in the 10th arrondissement, perfect for couples. The apartment consists of a small kitchen equipped with all appliances, a living room with a couch that is actually a day bed and a big TV, a small bathroom and a bedroom wi
8866	Conviviality . Cosy.  Everything but the storeroom When I'm there	My flat is situated in the center Of paris. It is  3 minutes away From the Metro station.  The area  is very good And safe.   Restaurants,shops, bars very close by. Gare du nord. Gare de l'est less then 8 minutes walk from my place. Conviviality . Cosy.  Everything but the storeroom When I'm there Everything but the storeroom When I'm there Cosmopolite. Young. Secure. Bus. Subway. Gares.
8867	Our place is very unique as it is a real house in the heart of Paris with a private parking space. It's a  peaceful haven ideally located to visit all the must sees of the city of lights! On the ground floor: 2 bedrooms ( one is our baby's room with a convertible couch for 2 adults, the other is very large and has a bunk bed) , 1 bathroom. On the 1st floor: one ensuite bedroom with a king size bed,a separate toilet, a spacious luminous living room with skylights and a beautiful equipped kitchen. (We keep the 2nd floor as a storage)	A 100 m2 house newly renovated in the center of Paris nestled in a quiet courtyard. Ideally located to visit all the must sees. 3 bedrooms, a bathroom + a shower, a luminous living room and an equipped kitchen, a private parking space. Very special! Our place is very unique as it is a real house in the heart of Paris with a private parking space. It's a  peaceful haven ideally located to visit all the must sees of the city of lights! On the ground floor: 2 bedrooms ( one is our baby's room with a convertible couch for 2 adults, the other is very large and has a bunk bed) , 1 bathroom. On the 1st floor: one ensuite bedroom with a king size bed,a separate toilet, a spacious luminous living room with skylights and a beautiful equipped kitchen. (We keep the 2nd floor as a storage) You can use our parking space in front of the house! Free internet, 2 TVs with cable and a DVD player, washing and drying machine, coffee machine, dishwasher As a real Parisian I'll be happy to give you all the t
8868	This is a really typical parisian flat in the center of paris. It's really sunny, quiet and cosy.  You can walk by foot to lots of museum, theatre, coffee, the nicest bakeries, bars and very fashion shops. 10 minutes walk to Opera / République / Châtelet.  It's really easy to go where you want because you have 4 metro stations (line 8, 9, 4 and 3) that can bring you everywhere in the city very quickly (Montmartre, Effeil Tower, Champs-Elysées, Saint-Michel, etc). The apartment contains a main room with a sofa a bed, a table.  The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, electric hobs, microwave/oven, kettle, washing machine. The  bathroom with a entire bath, WC, a flatiron.  All bed linen is provided, as well as towels. There is Wifi with a private high speed internet connection.  It's on the 5rd floor with an elevator.  Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day. We eventually accept more than 2 people.There is an air matress if 	This is a really typical parisian flat in the center of paris. It's really sunny, quiet and cosy.  You can walk by foot to lots of museum, theatre, coffee, the nicest bakeries, bars and very fashion shops. 10 minutes walk to Opera / République / Châtelet.  It's really easy to go where you want because you have 4 metro stations (line 8, 9, 4 and 3) that can bring you everywhere in the city very quickly (Montmartre, Effeil Tower, Champs-Elysées, Saint-Michel, etc). The apartment contains a main room with a sofa a bed, a table.  The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, electric hobs, microwave/oven, kettle, washing machine. The  bathroom with a entire bath, WC, a flatiron.  All bed linen is provided, as well as towels. There is Wifi with a private high speed internet connection.  It's on the 5rd floor with an elevator.  Check-in and check-out times are flexible, unless there are guests arriving/departing the same day. We eventually accept more than 2 people.There is an air matress if 
8869	L'appartement possède une grande luminosité, grâce à une baie vitrée parcourant la longueur de la pièce et permet d'accéder à la terrasse de 20m². Freebox révolution Xbox Canal+ enceintes Douche italienne Toilette séparé Cuisine suréquipée  La remise des clefs se fera en main propre ou par l'intermédiaire de la gardienne Un quartier animé, vivant, populaire et cosmopolite avec des commerces ouverts tard le soir, de bon restaurants et des bars sympas. L'appartement se trouve à proximité de la Gare de l'Est Ligne 2 Ligne 11 Bus 46 Freebox révolution Xbox enceintes Douche italienne Toilette séparé Cuisine suréquipé  Lave vaisselle  La remise des clefs se fera en main propre ou par l'intermédiaire de la gardienne Un quartier animé, vivant, populaire et cosmopolite avec des commerces ouverts tard le soir, de bon restaurants et des bars sympas. L'appartement se trouve à proximité de la Gare de l'Est Ligne 2 Ligne 11 Bus 46	Bel appartement situé au dernier étage (7eme) d'un immeuble 70's avec ascenseur et concierge. Appartement lumineux, paisible avec terrasse. A deux pas du Canal Saint-Martin, de la station Goncourt (ligne 11) et Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) L'appartement possède une grande luminosité, grâce à une baie vitrée parcourant la longueur de la pièce et permet d'accéder à la terrasse de 20m². Freebox révolution Xbox Canal+ enceintes Douche italienne Toilette séparé Cuisine suréquipée  La remise des clefs se fera en main propre ou par l'intermédiaire de la gardienne Un quartier animé, vivant, populaire et cosmopolite avec des commerces ouverts tard le soir, de bon restaurants et des bars sympas. L'appartement se trouve à proximité de la Gare de l'Est Ligne 2 Ligne 11 Bus 46 Freebox révolution Xbox enceintes Douche italienne Toilette séparé Cuisine suréquipé  Lave vaisselle  La remise des clefs se fera en main propre ou par l'intermédiaire de la gardienne Un quartier animé, vivant, populaire et cosmo
8870		Lovely Apartment in Paris, ideally situate, less than 5 min walking from the subway. 
8871	wellcome in Paris. Just in center of Paris, you can find all of you need in france. Good	wellcome in Paris. Just in center of Paris, you can find all of you need in france. Good
8872	"Located in the heart of the trendy Parisian life, between  - at the south : the very neighborhoods Bobo the Canal Saint-Martin and the Marais,  - at the West : quai de Loire  and the""Cité de La Villette"",  - at the north Buttes-Chaumont, Belleville  - at the East East Mesnil-Montant, Père Lachaise. This typically Parisian apartment, totally renovated, although located in a busy area is very quiet as overlooking a courtyard. It has a fully equipped open kitchen (oven, microwave, Nespresso machine, washing machine ...), a living room with a sofa bed, a large flat screen TV, a spacious room and WiFi high Flow rate. Metro, bus and shops are nearby. Many cafes and restaurants. Everything has been designed to make your stay easy and enjoyable"	"Located in the heart of the 10th arrondissement of Paris, on a quiet street, but in the heart of BoBo bustle of the capital, this apartment  newly renovated suit those seeking a quiet foothold, convenient and comfortable. Located in the heart of the trendy Parisian life, between  - at the south : the very neighborhoods Bobo the Canal Saint-Martin and the Marais,  - at the West : quai de Loire  and the""Cité de La Villette"",  - at the north Buttes-Chaumont, Belleville  - at the East East Mesnil-Montant, Père Lachaise. This typically Parisian apartment, totally renovated, although located in a busy area is very quiet as overlooking a courtyard. It has a fully equipped open kitchen (oven, microwave, Nespresso machine, washing machine ...), a living room with a sofa bed, a large flat screen TV, a spacious room and WiFi high Flow rate. Metro, bus and shops are nearby. Many cafes and restaurants. Everything has been designed to make your stay easy and enjoyable The entire property is availabl"
8873	Double bed in bedroom, double sofa bed in the living room. Open kitchen. Shower, bathtub, WC. The chimney is not in use. 3rd floor (no elevator).	60 square metre loft in the tenth district, next to the Canal Saint-Martin, near to subways, local commerces, restaurants, railway stations and tourist sites. Double bed in bedroom, double sofa bed in the living room. Open kitchen. Shower, bathtub, WC. The chimney is not in use. 3rd floor (no elevator). Access to everything in the flat I am available to chat prior to arrival to supply you with all information needed after you book the flat.  We will see each other on your arrival and on your departure.  During your stay you will have full privacy, I am however available for suggestion of places to visit or events to attend while you're in Paris.  Please use the Instant book option in all confidence.  If the dates are cleared in the calendar then the flat is available.  The rate is the one displayed by Airbnb.  I will provide you with any additional info you may need as soon as your booking is effective.   The vicinity of the canal Saint-Martin with its long walks and cosy bars, restaur
8874	"Ideally located in the center of Paris on the beautifull ""Canal st Martin"", you'll be happy to discover a very nice and typical part of Paris. You'll be living in a zen athmosphere in this 30m2 flat, 10th arrondissement, on the line 11 by subway (Goncourt station/3 minutes walk) or république (5 minutes walk). You can go directly to the most beautiful parts of Paris including Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysées avenue,Opera Garnier, Invalides, Hotel de ville,Bastille Opera, Ile st Louis( on the Seine river) etc... You can also experiment ""Vélib stations""  if you want to go for a ride on bike! Many stations around the flat. If i am available during your stay, i also can propose you yoga private lesson and massage in the appartment for a relaxing moment. (Ayurvedic indian massage and hot stones massage). I am working for parisians palaces. ""ZEN"" is the secret of happiness! Description of the appartment:  Studio 30m2 LINVING-ROOM: 1 convertible futon (2 persons), TV/ internet-wifi connexion, DVD"	"Ideally located in the center of Paris on the beautifull ""Canal st Martin"", you'll be happy to discover a very nice and typical part of Paris. You'll be living in a zen athmosphere in this 30m2 flat, 10th arrondissement, on the line 11 by subway (Goncourt station/3 minutes walk) or république (5 minutes walk). You can go directly to the most beautiful parts of Paris including Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysées avenue,Opera Garnier, Invalides, Hotel de ville,Bastille Opera, Ile st Louis( on the Seine river) etc... You can also experiment ""Vélib stations""  if you want to go for a ride on bike! Many stations around the flat. If i am available during your stay, i also can propose you yoga private lesson and massage in the appartment for a relaxing moment. (Ayurvedic indian massage and hot stones massage). I am working for parisians palaces. ""ZEN"" is the secret of happiness! Description of the appartment:  Studio 30m2 LINVING-ROOM: 1 convertible futon (2 persons), TV/ internet-wifi connexion, DVD"
8875		Roof top view, Eiffel tower view from the master bedroom. Long balcony for sunny breakfast. Double living with confortable convertible bed. Metro Louis Blanc station down the flat (line 7).  Perfect for a family stay. 
8876	An open kitchen, a bedroom, and a very cosy living-room will make you feel comfortable at once. You can enjoy breakfast on the balcony or prefer the calm you get inside the flat. An ideal place for a visiting couple.	"Charming flat with 3 rooms, a balcony, lots of light situated in a lively neighbourhood but very calm once inside. Close to the city centre of Paris, lots of metro lines, easily accessible from stations and airports. An open kitchen, a bedroom, and a very cosy living-room will make you feel comfortable at once. You can enjoy breakfast on the balcony or prefer the calm you get inside the flat. An ideal place for a visiting couple. We will let you know all details you need whenever you ask for them. Neighbourhood is very animated with lots of cafés, bars and restaurants. Close by, the canal Saint-Martin is also a famous area for nice walks and coffees outside. The market Saint-Quentin is opened every day except Mondays, and you'll find there everything you would like, including really fine French cheeses ;) The RER B is 10mn away (gare du Nord) so if you come by plane it's a direct journey. Metro lines 4, 5 and 7 are also very close (closest stop is 3mn walk: ""Château d'eau or Gare de l'"
8877		Nice and Sunny 100sqm Flat, with a large living room, a separate kitchen. Prime Location, 30sec walk from Metro Poissonnière, on Rue Lafayette. The bedroom is 20 sqm, furnished w/ a king size bedroom, 2 windows facing a courtyard, very quiet.
8878		Studio located very close to Canal Saint-Martin with separate kitchen. Quiet, pleasant and very well located .This Flat is perfect for a couple who wishes to experience Paris and enjoy a trendy neighborhood.
8879	Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Très clair, orienté Est/Ouest.  Une grande chambre de 13m2 environ, très claire et calme (donnant sur jardin privé).  Un grand espace cuisine/séjour de 20m2.  Salle de bain. WC séparés.  Cuisine équipée : plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, four, lave vaisselle, frigo congélateur Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave linge.  Salon avec TV et WiFi. At the 3rd floor, very clear.  A separate bedroom very calm, view towards a little garden.  Renewed in 2014 ; well equiped.  Easy access to Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Châtelet/Les Halles by bus or subway. 	Bel appartement situé à proximité de l'Hôpital Saint Louis, du Canal Saint Martin (500m) et du parc des Buttes Chaumont (900m).  Une vraie chambre avec lit 2 personnes ; un couchage d'appoint pour 1 enfant est possible. (vacances scolaires seulement) Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Très clair, orienté Est/Ouest.  Une grande chambre de 13m2 environ, très claire et calme (donnant sur jardin privé).  Un grand espace cuisine/séjour de 20m2.  Salle de bain. WC séparés.  Cuisine équipée : plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, four, lave vaisselle, frigo congélateur Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave linge.  Salon avec TV et WiFi. At the 3rd floor, very clear.  A separate bedroom very calm, view towards a little garden.  Renewed in 2014 ; well equiped.  Easy access to Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Châtelet/Les Halles by bus or subway. Une chambre reste privée et sera fermée. A votre disposition pour toute information complémentaire. Quartier vivant, animé et commerçant.  A proximité immédiate : 
8880	Large, calm and welcoming space	"lovely 60meters loft Close to gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord Ground floor in a quiet street Nice neighborhood with several bars and restaurants Large, calm and welcoming space We are available for any kind of information, help, advices, accompaniment... A quiet little street in a lively district (rue du Fbg St Denis)  Many bars, restaurants, theaters... A few blocks away from the ""Grands Boulevards"" Todos los transportes de la capital convergent hacha las espacions del Norte y Este: Velib', Metro, bus, Noctiliens... We speak french, english and spanish We cook france and mexican We love to share!"
8881	This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  The room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch. The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2	Shared house with 3 other chinese girls. The room for rent is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples or males sorry.  The room is 20m2 , with a big double bed and a convertible couch. The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 Room, kitchen , bathroom. you can use the kitchen for breakfast but cooking is not allowed. We had some problems with some of my previous guests , who occupied the kitchen for 24/7 and left it in a mess, disturbed my flat mates a lot. As I will rent my room when I'm travelling, my guests will probably not meet me. If you have any questions you can ask other girls, they are all very nice girls. Republique is a very nice area, there are a lot of supermarkets, bars, restaurants. It's 10mins walking distance to Grand boulvard where you can find some bars/ nightclubs openning till 6am.  The Saint mar
8882		L'appartement est composée d'une cuisine toute equipée (frigo, four, micro-ondes, gaziniere, etc..), d'un salon, d'un WC, d'une salle de bain et d'une chambre fermée.
8883	The studio is 14m2 and is bright and comfortable with two big windows. It's got wifi, sonos, records, a turntable, a big telly, and everything you need for cooking. The toilet is private but on the landing. The shower, as you can see, is conveniently located next to the kitchenette.  The area is great - heaps of transport, cafes, and bars. Very easy to get to all the touristy stuff and you'll be able to see first hand how Paris is changing.	This little studio is located just off the Canal Saint-Martin in the middle of Paris' gentrification explosion. There are more hip cafés than you can shake a stick at. Comfortable for one, or two if you really like each other. The studio is 14m2 and is bright and comfortable with two big windows. It's got wifi, sonos, records, a turntable, a big telly, and everything you need for cooking. The toilet is private but on the landing. The shower, as you can see, is conveniently located next to the kitchenette.  The area is great - heaps of transport, cafes, and bars. Very easy to get to all the touristy stuff and you'll be able to see first hand how Paris is changing.
8884	It is ideally located in the 10th arrondissement, between the Buttes Chaumont Park and the St Martin canal (less than 10 min by foot) and is near many restaurants and shops.  The flat is bright, on the 6th (and last) floor without elevator. It is located in a typical Parisian building of the 19th century, in a one-way street. 	Little apartment on the roof, cosy and all furnished, in a typical Parisian building (no elevator). Well served by public transport, 15min from the center of Paris. Cosmopolitan, lively district with many stores, bars and restaurants. Enjoy!  It is ideally located in the 10th arrondissement, between the Buttes Chaumont Park and the St Martin canal (less than 10 min by foot) and is near many restaurants and shops.  The flat is bright, on the 6th (and last) floor without elevator. It is located in a typical Parisian building of the 19th century, in a one-way street.  Flat of 20m², entirely refurbished in 2013, with an entry, a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, cooktop, washing machine, iron, kettle, coffee machine, toaster, tableware, basic condiments…), a bathroom (shower, wc, sink, hair dryer, towels), a living room (sofa-bed, mattress of quality, 140-200 sheets included, tv, table, stools, wardrobe and storage). High speed internet, flat screen (internationnal channels) and D
8885	Cuisine équipée, salle de bain design, grand salon. Supermarché à 50 mètres.	Chambre confortable au sein d'un appartement convivial disposant d'un grand salon et d'une cuisine ouverte. Le logement est idéalement situé pour profiter pleinement du canal de l'Ourcq en été tout en étant proche des plus beaux coins de Paris. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain design, grand salon. Supermarché à 50 mètres. Une personne sera présente pour répondre à vos questions et préparez au mieux votre séjour à Paris. Le quartier Stalingrad/Jaurès a la particularité d'être très animé pendant la période estivale. Le canal de l'Ourcq est un endroit idéal pour se retrouver, faire des rencontres ou boire un verre dans des bars atypiques. Tous les meilleurs coins de Paris se trouvent à 15 minutes maximum de l'appartement. De nombreux transports à 50 mètres de l'appartement.
8886		1 min from Gare du Nord & 5 min from Montmartre, a private room ( 27m2 ) in a large apartment of 100m2.  The apartment is in a Haussmann style, flooring, moldings, large fireplaces and large mirrors in all rooms.
8887		Appartement de 2 pièces, 40 M², un grand salon, une chambre + une cuisine séparée. Parfaitement situé dans un quartier vivant, près du canal St Martin, de la place Ste Marthe, et du métro Goncourt. Box Internet. L'appartement est calme et ensoleillé.
8888	 Charming and cosy studio in one of the best area of Paris. On the third floor of a typical parisian dressed stone building. One minute away from the line 7 (Metro Chateau-Landon) and five minutes away from Gare de l'Est, wich connects you everywhere (line 4, 5 & 7). It is situated just by the canal Saint-Martin wich offers you a beautiful walk, day or night. Studio is composed of a small entry with a wardrobe, one bathroom with separated toilets, and the living room/chamber with a sofabed and a table.  Small kitchen is fully equiped with refregirator, oven, cutlery and cooker hood. If you're a lazy disher, you can close it with a store. 70's stuff. You probably won't come to Paris to watch TV, and you're right. We already share something.There is no TV but a record player where you can plug any iPod or whatever. If you want to, you can also play some of my jazz records that i will leave in. This a cosy flat perfect to have dinner and talks around the table. If you want to relax, you c	 Charming and cosy studio in one of the best area of Paris. On the third floor of a typical parisian dressed stone building. One minute away from the line 7 (Metro Chateau-Landon) and five minutes away from Gare de l'Est, wich connects you everywhere (line 4, 5 & 7). It is situated just by the canal Saint-Martin wich offers you a beautiful walk, day or night. Studio is composed of a small entry with a wardrobe, one bathroom with separated toilets, and the living room/chamber with a sofabed and a table.  Small kitchen is fully equiped with refregirator, oven, cutlery and cooker hood. If you're a lazy disher, you can close it with a store. 70's stuff. You probably won't come to Paris to watch TV, and you're right. We already share something.There is no TV but a record player where you can plug any iPod or whatever. If you want to, you can also play some of my jazz records that i will leave in. This a cosy flat perfect to have dinner and talks around the table. If you want to relax, you c
8889	Our nest is located in the 10th arrondissement at walking distance from Gare du Nord, Canal Saint-Martin and Montmartre! It is in the Indian quarter surrounded by many yummy indian restaurants and shops. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. We live in the 6th floor with elevator and our place has all you can need amenities. The living room has a kitchen corner, a dining table with 4 chairs and a very cute balcony where you can relax and have a drink. The bedroon has a double bed and a big desk with all work equipment (computer, printer, wifi …). The bathroom has a shower « a l’italienne », a sink and the toilets .. all beautifully decorated. You can enjoy the parisian experience of going to « le marché » either at Le marché couvert de la chapelle or Le marché Saint-Quentin.	Our nest is located in the 10th arrondissement at walking distance from Gare du Nord, Canal Saint-Martin and Montmartre! It is in the Indian quarter surrounded by many yummy indian restaurants and shops. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. Our nest is located in the 10th arrondissement at walking distance from Gare du Nord, Canal Saint-Martin and Montmartre! It is in the Indian quarter surrounded by many yummy indian restaurants and shops. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. We live in the 6th floor with elevator and our place has all you can need amenities. The living room has a kitchen corner, a dining table with 4 chairs and a very cute balcony where you can relax and have a drink. The bedroon has a double bed and a big desk with all work equipment (computer, printer, wifi …). The bathroom has a shower « a l’italienne », a sink and the toilets .. all beautifully decorated. You can enjoy the parisian experience of going to « le marché » either at Le marché couvert de la chapelle or L
8890	Grand et beau loft sur cour privée et calme (160 m2)  près du canal st martin,  5 mn de République dans quartier très vivant typique de Paris. Tous commerces et beaucoup de restaurants à proximités proche transports (métro, bus ect) Idéal pour couples et enfants.  4 chambres, deux salles de bain, Trois toilettes 2 chambres avec lit double (et salle de bain) deux chambres lit simple  (idéal enfants) Un sentiment d'espace et de sérénité en plein Paris avec tout le  confort ....télévision, lecteur dvd, wi-fi, machines à laver la vaisselle et le linge  très agréable à vivre avec deux grandes pièces communes. Grande cuisine salle à manger et grand salon  Vous trouverez les lits faits, des serviettes et tout le linge de maison nécessaire. Le ménage est compris dans le prix. Nous avons déjà loué notre appartement et les gens étaient ravis de leur sejour, nous comptons sur vous pour nous donner votre avis ... N'hésitez pas à nous contacter, c'est avec plaisir que nous répondrons à toutes vos q	Grand et beau loft sur cour privée et calme (160 m2)  près du canal st martin,  5 mn de République dans quartier très vivant typique de Paris. Tous commerces et beaucoup de restaurants à proximités proche transports (métro, bus ect) Idéal pour couples et enfants.  4 chambres, deux salles de bain, Trois toilettes 2 chambres avec lit double (et salle de bain) deux chambres lit simple  (idéal enfants) Un sentiment d'espace et de sérénité en plein Paris avec tout le  confort ....télévision, lecteur dvd, wi-fi, machines à laver la vaisselle et le linge  très agréable à vivre avec deux grandes pièces communes. Grande cuisine salle à manger et grand salon  Vous trouverez les lits faits, des serviettes et tout le linge de maison nécessaire. Le ménage est compris dans le prix. Nous avons déjà loué notre appartement et les gens étaient ravis de leur sejour, nous comptons sur vous pour nous donner votre avis ... N'hésitez pas à nous contacter, c'est avec plaisir que nous répondrons à toutes vos q
8891		Appartement de 65 m2 proche de Montmartre et de toutes commodités.  Une cuisine, une salle de bain, un bureau et un salon ( canapé lit) avec balcon filant Une chambre séparée au calme sur cour avec un grand lit 2 places.      Lumineux, orienté E/O Je laisserai à disposition des conseils de petits restos sympas et pas chers à découvrir, plan de Paris et des transports en commun. Des quartiers à découvrir accessible à pieds depuis l'appartement. Quartier carrefour, entre le quartier indien à la chapelle, les boutiques africaines à château rouge, et le chic et touristique quartier de Montmartre. Facile d'accès et très bien desservi Proche Gare du Nord ( RER B et D) , à 2 stations de Gare de Lyon Métro: lignes 2, 4 et 5
8892	Our apartment located in the tenth arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the city. As the apartment is five minutes walking distance away from numerous metro-lines (Louis Blanc, Stalingrad & Jaures), it is very easy to get around. Also walking distance to two big train stations: Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Multicultural area near lots of authentic Indian restaurants, but also next door to up and coming area of Canal saint Martin. We are also located near the Parc de la Villette, Parc de Buttes Chaumont and not far from Montmartre.  We are on the top floor, which means plenty of light and a beautiful view over countless parisian rooftops. The apartment consists of a bathroom, a bedroom (our bedroom that is), a kitchenette and a salon - where you would be staying. The sofa is a pull-out, comfortable and big enough for two, so this is ideal for a couple or two close friends. Of course you are free to use the kitchen, fridge and anything else you may need.  We are a young anglophone	Our apartment located in the tenth arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the city. As the apartment is five minutes walking distance away from numerous metro-lines (Louis Blanc, Stalingrad & Jaures), it is very easy to get around. Also walking distance to two big train stations: Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Multicultural area near lots of authentic Indian restaurants, but also next door to up and coming area of Canal saint Martin. We are also located near the Parc de la Villette, Parc de Buttes Chaumont and not far from Montmartre.  We are on the top floor, which means plenty of light and a beautiful view over countless parisian rooftops. The apartment consists of a bathroom, a bedroom (our bedroom that is), a kitchenette and a salon - where you would be staying. The sofa is a pull-out, comfortable and big enough for two, so this is ideal for a couple or two close friends. Of course you are free to use the kitchen, fridge and anything else you may need.  We are a young anglophone
8893	Apartment under the roof, very bright, with a big living room , 2 bedrooms, and a bathroom (shower and toilet)	NOTICE : there is a kitten in the flat ! Very charming apartment under the roof.  Very hype and popular area, don’t choose this flat if you prefer bourgeois area without anything to do. Here there is a lot of restaurants, bar and shop from every nationalities, from typically French to Indian, going true Turkish and Italian... Apartment under the roof, very bright, with a big living room , 2 bedrooms, and a bathroom (shower and toilet) Your room is separted, with shelfs for your stuff and a double bed. You will have to share the bathroom with us.  At your disposal : cooker with oven, microwave, fridge, washing machine , hair dryer, WIFI + sheets/towels During you time here, we will help you if you need any advice, for your journey in Paris. The 10th district of Paris is a very central area, very nice and very popular. Since at least ten years now, it also became one of the most trendy (bobo / hipster) area in Paris. It is an area full of life during days and nights (but don’t worry your
8894	Very bright and spacious and offering a terrific view of the city, the apartment is situated in a lively and beautiful district, close to the St marthe square and the St martin canal. It contains two rooms, a living room, a kitchen equiped,  a bathroom and a toilet. Très lumineux et spacieux et offrant une vue splendide sur la ville, l'appartement est situé dans un quartier charmant et animé, à côté de la place st marthe et du canal st martin. Il a deux chambres, un salon, une cuisine équipée, SDB et WC séparés.	Private room in a spacious and bright flat of a lively and charming district. It offers a splendid view of the main part of paris, and is perfectly situated to visit the city. Chambre privée dans un appartement spacieux, lumineux et central de paris Very bright and spacious and offering a terrific view of the city, the apartment is situated in a lively and beautiful district, close to the St marthe square and the St martin canal. It contains two rooms, a living room, a kitchen equiped,  a bathroom and a toilet. Très lumineux et spacieux et offrant une vue splendide sur la ville, l'appartement est situé dans un quartier charmant et animé, à côté de la place st marthe et du canal st martin. Il a deux chambres, un salon, une cuisine équipée, SDB et WC séparés. The travellers will have their private room, and will have also access of all the shared parts of the apartment, our flat is yours! Bénéficiant de leur chambre privée, les voyageurs auront également accès à toutes les parties commun
8895	Wood floor, typical parisian space, mix of old design and modern furnitures, Wifi, cable television, oven, washing machine, dishwasher. Amazing neighbourhood, cafés, bio and gastronomique restaurants, fashion shops. View on le canal St Martin. Close to République metro.  	Charming and quiet appartment 50 meters from the Canal St Martin with design furnitures, wifi and balcony at the 5th floor. Beautiful little street, near metro République, lots of restaurants, cafés and shops. Perfect for a couple.   Wood floor, typical parisian space, mix of old design and modern furnitures, Wifi, cable television, oven, washing machine, dishwasher. Amazing neighbourhood, cafés, bio and gastronomique restaurants, fashion shops. View on le canal St Martin. Close to République metro.   The entire appartment, 75 square meters.  In English on the phone and by email. I'll be in the US during your stay.  the street is very quiet, yet the neighbourhood is animated with lot of restaurants, cafés and shops. The view on le Canal St Martin is great, the proximity of République and Le Marais very easy to walk around.  Metro République Possibility to install a baby bed on the second bedroom or a child on the sofa bed. 
8896	A great shelter on rue La Fayette, just 50 meters from Gare du Nord, with perfect links to and from CDG Airport (30 min.). The 50 m² apartment with balcony is fully equipped (TV, WiFi, Nespresso, washing machine...) and we would be glad to welcome new guests giving them some good tips on the area. 	"This quiet bedroom (facing the courtyard) is a comfortable shelter in the center of Paris, located in a modern appartment with balcony and all commodities (TV Cable, Internet, Nespresso..) 50 meters from Gare du Nord and 30 min to CDG Airport A great shelter on rue La Fayette, just 50 meters from Gare du Nord, with perfect links to and from CDG Airport (30 min.). The 50 m² apartment with balcony is fully equipped (TV, WiFi, Nespresso, washing machine...) and we would be glad to welcome new guests giving them some good tips on the area.  Beside their private room with a modern double bed, our guests can access all the appartment, from the modern living room to the kitchen with all commodities, from the bathroom to the balcony. Our guests can either live their own life, visiting paris and staying ""locked"" in their room to enjoy a good rest, or have a drink with us as we love to meet new people from everywhere. Just let us know about your feeling, your plans, your expectations. Authentic "
8897	The open-space kitchen on the ground floor of the apartment is eminently practical and fully equipped. A dining table to share some great time before chilling in the living room equipped with a large flat screen TV. Still at this floor, separate WC and a hidden closet with washer/dryer and hanging wardrobe will give you all the practical comfort you need during your stay. At the top floor: The airy and open-space bathroom in the master bedroom include a perfect bathtub. As well as a large closet for your clothes and plenty of storage spaces for other personal belongings. For those of you who need a real and large desk for working, you will find one up the stairs facing a wide window and above the open-plan living room at the lower floor. Although located in a rather frantic area, this apartment will offer you all the calm and peaceful atmosphere you need day and night since it does not look onto the street but to a large green and quiet courtyard. The building has two entries, on diffe	Contemporary and crisp, this is a bright, modern duplex apartment well furnished in comfortable modern classic design on the first floor with lift. Lights are the soul of this place, you can transform it after the sunset. The open-space kitchen on the ground floor of the apartment is eminently practical and fully equipped. A dining table to share some great time before chilling in the living room equipped with a large flat screen TV. Still at this floor, separate WC and a hidden closet with washer/dryer and hanging wardrobe will give you all the practical comfort you need during your stay. At the top floor: The airy and open-space bathroom in the master bedroom include a perfect bathtub. As well as a large closet for your clothes and plenty of storage spaces for other personal belongings. For those of you who need a real and large desk for working, you will find one up the stairs facing a wide window and above the open-plan living room at the lower floor. Although located in a rather f
8898		Studio 22 m² coté cour très bien éclairé a deux secondes de gare du nord au centre de Paris  Salle de bain avec baignoire  cuisine équipée :four plus micro-onde   accès a internet wifi plus télévision
8899	In a haussmannian building, on the 2nd floor, 2 rooms with a great deal of character, with wooden floor : A big living room with a fireplace and a sofa bed, a bedroom on a calm courtyard, a really functional kitchen 	Ideally located between gare de l'Est, gare du Nord and the Canal St Martin, this nice 2 rooms apartment - big living room with a fireplace, quiet bedroom +kitchen + bathroom, can receive 4 travellers greedy to discover Paris                         In a haussmannian building, on the 2nd floor, 2 rooms with a great deal of character, with wooden floor : A big living room with a fireplace and a sofa bed, a bedroom on a calm courtyard, a really functional kitchen All the apartment is available. Respectful smokers allowed. Pets with fur, feathers or scales too. You can also use our bicycles : one for a woman, one for a man. A bike ride is ideal to discover Paris! The owner, member of our family, lives in the building. You can contact him if you need   Ah! The Neighborhood...! The Rotonde, beautiful building from the end of 18th century, at the end of the street, invites you to walk along the Canal St Martin, full of laughs and life, under the shadows of the trees and in the modern or roma
8900	Located in a very arty, really parisian district, it's perfect to live like a local, picnicing or playing petanque on the canal, eating in small & coloured streets... It's a very quiet & safe place (2 codes to get in+ lift). Giving over a private garden, you won't find a place more peaceful than this one. No more street noises, only birds singings. You can also have a drink or dinner on the quiet terrace, which is really enjoyable after a long day. If too cold, you can also eat inside on the bar. The real queen size bed is the promise of a restful night.	Perfectly located (15 min from very center), it's a peaceful & bright studio, perfect to rest from a tiring day. You can enjoy having dinner on the terrace over the private garden without any street noises & a restful sleep in real queen size bed . Located in a very arty, really parisian district, it's perfect to live like a local, picnicing or playing petanque on the canal, eating in small & coloured streets... It's a very quiet & safe place (2 codes to get in+ lift). Giving over a private garden, you won't find a place more peaceful than this one. No more street noises, only birds singings. You can also have a drink or dinner on the quiet terrace, which is really enjoyable after a long day. If too cold, you can also eat inside on the bar. The real queen size bed is the promise of a restful night. The whole studio, with the terrace is accessible. I know very well the area, I'll give you tips where to go out! There are lots of possibilities! The Quartier Sainte Marthe is a magic and ar
8901	"Chic apartment of 65 m2 for 2/3 people in the center of Paris on the Canal Saint Martin. Ideal location for exploring Paris. The nearby underground and Vélib allows to benefit from all means of transport in minutes. The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator and can accommodate a couple and a child. A doorman and access code secure the property. Completely renovated, the apartment has a refined decoration and high quality furniture. It consists of: An entry An open kitchen fully equipped with fridge, oven, electric hob, a toaster, a coffee machine, a washing machine. A living room with a nice leather sofa, coffee table, dining room table, TV and WiFi. A bedroom with a bed of high quality and desks. A bathroom with a walk-in shower. The toilets are separated. You will find 50 m bakery and supermarket open until 0:00. The Canal St. Martin neighborhood is known for its atmosphere ""bohemian bourgeois"", trendy restaurants and shops. You can make a morning jog around the canal, "	A chic apartment for 2/3 people of 65 m2 located in the center of Paris near the Canal Saint Martin. The apartment has a refined décor and a privileged location that will make your stay in Paris a memorable one. Chic apartment of 65 m2 for 2/3 people in the center of Paris on the Canal Saint Martin. Ideal location for exploring Paris. The nearby underground and Vélib allows to benefit from all means of transport in minutes. The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator and can accommodate a couple and a child. A doorman and access code secure the property. Completely renovated, the apartment has a refined decoration and high quality furniture. It consists of: An entry An open kitchen fully equipped with fridge, oven, electric hob, a toaster, a coffee machine, a washing machine. A living room with a nice leather sofa, coffee table, dining room table, TV and WiFi. A bedroom with a bed of high quality and desks. A bathroom with a walk-in shower. The toilets are separated. You wi
8902	 This apartment is a 25 square meters (approximation 270 square feet) apartment; located in the charming 5th district of Paris two minutes walking from the bucolic Canal Saint Martin This one bedroom apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a calm residence. It offers a living / dining room equiped with an american kitchen, a separate bedroom, a separate bathroom with shower. The services are of quality, and it offers all modern comforts and can easily accommodate two people for business or leisure trip. Located in a central district, near to the Place de la République and the Canal Saint Martin, the nearest metro stations are Louis Blanc and Gare du Nord.	This 25 square meters (270 square feet) apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building located rue Chaudron, in the 10th district of Paris. It offers 1 living / dining room, 1 bedroom, 1 full kitchen and 1 bathroom with WC.  This apartment is a 25 square meters (approximation 270 square feet) apartment; located in the charming 5th district of Paris two minutes walking from the bucolic Canal Saint Martin This one bedroom apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a calm residence. It offers a living / dining room equiped with an american kitchen, a separate bedroom, a separate bathroom with shower. The services are of quality, and it offers all modern comforts and can easily accommodate two people for business or leisure trip. Located in a central district, near to the Place de la République and the Canal Saint Martin, the nearest metro stations are Louis Blanc and Gare du Nord. - Wifi unlimited - International TV - Dishwasher - Washing Machine - Sheets - Towels I am at your disposit
8903		Charmant appartement donnant sur cour, calme et lumineux. Chambre/salon/cuisine séparée/toilette/salle de bain A disposition : machine à laver, mini-four, plaques de cuisson, frigo, wifi, sèche-cheveu ! Quartier Stalingrad, nombreux transports. Quartier animé, multiculturel et convivial hors des sentiers touristiques. Très proche de Montmartre, de la gare du Nord et du canal St Martin. Lignes de métro 5 / 7 et 2 à 2 minutes à pieds. Ligne 4 et RER à 10 minutes à pieds.
8904	Very nice parisian apartment! With a lot of light and a little balcony.  1 min. from Canal Saint Martin, 7 min. from République, the best place to stay in Paris!  Very nice restaurants and bars around, but the apartment is quiet. Welcome to Paris!! This apartment is a place of quietness and calm in the middle of the most popular and the nicest neighborhood in Paris. In typical parisian building, you can enjoy the sun all afternoon on the small balcony. It is at the 5th floor, and there is no elevator. I will be very happy to tell you about the great places to go around the house, and in Paris. I really love my neighborhood and I want you to enjoy your stay in Paris! 3 minutes from the house, you have the very nice Place Sainte-Marthe, where you can have a drink and eat. You can walk along the Canal Saint Martin, one of the nicest walk in Paris, or take a boat! You are also very close to République. Down the building there is a bus station, with a direct access to the center of Paris. Y	Very nice parisian apartment! with a lot of light, a little balcony. One bedroom, separated kitchen. 1 minute from Canal Saint Martin, 7 minutes from République. In a nice district with a lot of bars and restaurants. Very nice parisian apartment! With a lot of light and a little balcony.  1 min. from Canal Saint Martin, 7 min. from République, the best place to stay in Paris!  Very nice restaurants and bars around, but the apartment is quiet. Welcome to Paris!! This apartment is a place of quietness and calm in the middle of the most popular and the nicest neighborhood in Paris. In typical parisian building, you can enjoy the sun all afternoon on the small balcony. It is at the 5th floor, and there is no elevator. I will be very happy to tell you about the great places to go around the house, and in Paris. I really love my neighborhood and I want you to enjoy your stay in Paris! 3 minutes from the house, you have the very nice Place Sainte-Marthe, where you can have a drink and eat. Yo
8905	On the 4th flour (with elevator) on the courtyard side, the flat includes a fully-equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, baking tray and  basic glossery : coffee, tea, spices, etc…)  at your disposal, a big living room with huge coach and a dining area. Bathroom with a bath and seprated toilets. WIFI available. Two bedrooms.  	60 m² typical french flat with wooden floor, old chimney, etc… Very bright and very calm (with a peaceful courtyard). Nearby Montmartre.  On the 4th flour (with elevator) on the courtyard side, the flat includes a fully-equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, baking tray and  basic glossery : coffee, tea, spices, etc…)  at your disposal, a big living room with huge coach and a dining area. Bathroom with a bath and seprated toilets. WIFI available. Two bedrooms.  Fully equiped kitchen, shared bathroom (with me !), and the living room.  If my schedule makes it possible, I would be glad to share a coffee or to guide you in the neighborhoods.  Very lively district  (10e) where you’ll find easily : supermarket, bakery, bars and restaurants !  Very close to the main must-seen Parisian places (Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra, Galerie Lafayette…) and to the very trendy Rue des Martyrs? But also very near to many Metro stations like Barbès or Poissonnière (lines 2, 4, 5, 7) and train station (Gare du No
8906	"Beautiful Haussmannian ""bourgeois"" style, we are four in this apartment, all my roomates (25/30 years old) are nice and will give you tips and adresses around the flat."	"    Room (17m2) in the 2nd floor of a big haussmannian flat (170m2) with one double bed and possibility to add one additional single bed. big spaces, kitchen fully equipped. Located in a central area in a lively populat neighborhood.    Beautiful Haussmannian ""bourgeois"" style, we are four in this apartment, all my roomates (25/30 years old) are nice and will give you tips and adresses around the flat. Lots of affordable international and french places to eat (italian, syrian, american, turkish, indian, japanese, etc), cool bars (Prado, Mauri 7, Chez Jeannette, Le Syndicat, Le Château d'eau, le Cadran) and good places to buy food (fruits and vegetables, organic food, supermarkets, etc).  Located in a very central area (10mn foot from the Georges Pompidou center, 6 mn foot from the place of the République, 5 min foot from the ""Gare de l'Est"" Train Station). Metro: Line 4 ""Château d'eau"" Line 8 / 9 : ""Strasbourg Saint-Denis"" Line 4 / 5 : ""Gare de l'Est"""
8907	160 Square Foot Bi-Level Apartment located near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est which makes the location very convenient when arriving from England or eastern Europe.  It's also very central and within walking distance to Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Beaubourg Museum, Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), grands boulevards, Opéra Garnier.  House ideal for a family, or a group of friends. There are 4 rooms : 3 with a kid size beds / 1 with bunk beds, 2 private bathrooms (1 bathtub, 1 shower)  + 2 toilets. There is one Full HD TV Screen + High Speed Internet (100mo) + complete audio system and even an old pinball to organize family pinball competitions. The flat is full of colors, each room has its own. The apartment is at the last floor and in the corner of the building, meaning you're in the sky and at the top of the trees. There is a huge balcony going around the flat. In summer time you can enjoy meals or drinks on the balcony and view on sunsets at 10pm at the end of the street. The neighbourhood is s	Very large and central 2 floors flat : easy walk to Notre Dame, Le marais, Le Sacré Coeur and lovely Canal St Martin banks. Located in Strasourg St Denis area the place rising for nightlife bars and restaurants and a true Parisian neighbourhood 160 Square Foot Bi-Level Apartment located near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est which makes the location very convenient when arriving from England or eastern Europe.  It's also very central and within walking distance to Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Beaubourg Museum, Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), grands boulevards, Opéra Garnier.  House ideal for a family, or a group of friends. There are 4 rooms : 3 with a kid size beds / 1 with bunk beds, 2 private bathrooms (1 bathtub, 1 shower)  + 2 toilets. There is one Full HD TV Screen + High Speed Internet (100mo) + complete audio system and even an old pinball to organize family pinball competitions. The flat is full of colors, each room has its own. The apartment is at the last floor and in the corner of the bui
8908	Studio spacieux avec lit mezzanine permettant de libérer un grand espace de vie. Grande salle de bain avec de nombreux espaces de rangements. Canapé convertible en lit permettant d'accueillir 4 personnes au maximum.	WARNING : Water damage following a water leak. 40% discount from the usual price (View the latest pictures added). Situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et de la place de la République cet appartement est idéal pour une escapade à Paris ! Studio de 22m2 refait à neuf en juin 2015, très calme au rez-de-chaussée. Peut loger 2 personnes idéalement, 4 au maximum. Studio spacieux avec lit mezzanine permettant de libérer un grand espace de vie. Grande salle de bain avec de nombreux espaces de rangements. Canapé convertible en lit permettant d'accueillir 4 personnes au maximum. Équipement complets : TV, Internet, plaques de cuisson, frigo, four micro ondes, lave-linge séchant, fer/table à repasser, machine à café, grille pain, bouilloire.
8909	Loft on the Canal St Martin, opposite the famous Hotel du Nord, bohemian, romantic and trendy. Ample charm style art gallery, living room with fully equipped kitchen, high ceilings, skylight, exposed stone and large windows. 2 large bedrooms with built-in bathroom, overlooking charming courtyard Equipped laundry. 	Loft on the Canal St Martin, opposite the famous Hotel du Nord, bohemian, romantic and trendy. Ample charm style art gallery, living room with fully equipped kitchen, high ceilings, skylight, exposed stone and large windows. 2 large bedrooms. Loft on the Canal St Martin, opposite the famous Hotel du Nord, bohemian, romantic and trendy. Ample charm style art gallery, living room with fully equipped kitchen, high ceilings, skylight, exposed stone and large windows. 2 large bedrooms with built-in bathroom, overlooking charming courtyard Equipped laundry. This is one of the city's most romantic with its bridges and locks used by barges and boats. In this area live actors, artists as well as families on Sunday, enjoy strolling almost like in the countryside. On summer evenings, many people settled there to picnic or play music. The bars and restaurants appeal to residents and passersby attracted by the warm atmosphere. We are  passionate about cooking, art and fashion. We have two boys aged
8910		coucou, je vous propose de partager un magnifique studio dans le 10eme vous aurez la mezzanine kingsize et moi le canapé clic-clac vous avez accès à tout le studio, TV, salle de bain, cuisine, armoire. uniquement les filles sont acceptées
8911	Appartement de trois pièces, spacieux, confortable, lumineux. Situé au bord du canal St. Martin dans un quartier vivant et attractif où l'on trouve des restaurants, des cafés, des boutiques pour tous les goûts.	Une chambre dans un appartement calme, spacieux et lumineux au bord du canal St Martin. A room in a two-bedroom apartment is available in the centre of Paris, near the Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est. Appartement de trois pièces, spacieux, confortable, lumineux. Situé au bord du canal St. Martin dans un quartier vivant et attractif où l'on trouve des restaurants, des cafés, des boutiques pour tous les goûts. Une chambre spacieuse, claire et calme. Vous avez accès à la cuisine commune, tout équipée, et au grand salon décoré avec des vitraux. L'appartement est très bien situé, à proximité de plusieurs métros: Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, République, Jacques Bonsergent.
8912		Près de la Gare de l'est et de la Gare du Nord à 2 pas du canal saint Martin Autolib et Velib juste à proximité, et métro, Bus très commerçant
8913	Appartement de 2 pieces de 43m2 sotue au coeur du 10eme arrondissement de Paris (Metro Strasbourg St Denis). Au 3eme etage, lumineux et donnant sur une une cour arborée très calme, Il est composé d'un salon ouvert sur salle a manger et cuisine ouverte toute equipée frigo + congélateur, plaques a induction, four + machine à laver. La chambre est spacieuse et contient de nombreux rangements. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. 	Appartement de 2 pieces de 43m2  au coeur du 10eme arrondissement de Paris (Metro Strasbourg St Denis). Au 3eme étage, lumineux et donnant sur une une cour arborée très calme, Il est compose d'un salon ouvert sur salle a manger et cuisine ouverte. Appartement de 2 pieces de 43m2 sotue au coeur du 10eme arrondissement de Paris (Metro Strasbourg St Denis). Au 3eme etage, lumineux et donnant sur une une cour arborée très calme, Il est composé d'un salon ouvert sur salle a manger et cuisine ouverte toute equipée frigo + congélateur, plaques a induction, four + machine à laver. La chambre est spacieuse et contient de nombreux rangements. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. Si vous le souhaitez, je serai disponible pour vous accueillir a votre arrivée afin de répondre a toutes vos questions et vous faire des recommandations pour votre séjour. Le quartier est au coeur de Paris et propose de nombreuses commodités et activités. Boulangerie, Cafés,  supermarchés et maraichers se trouvent e
8914	"We propose you 1 spacious room (17 m2 = 183 square feet) with 2 simple beds and a view upon jardin Villemin and canal Saint Martin in a typical parisian apartment (90 m2 = 968 square feet). Kitchen (oven, micro-wave, fridge-freezer) and bathroom (little bathtub, washing-machine). Sheets, linen and dishes provided. You can also play the piano in the living-room. Internet (wi-fi or cable, as you want). The flat overlooks the Jardin Villemin and the canal Saint Martin, very near the mythical ""Hôtel du Nord"" (film set in a famous french movie in 1938). The flat is located in a very lovely, lively and sought-after district. There are many shops (bakers, grocers, supermarkets), bars and restaurants nearby. We are close to the metro stations Gare de l'(email hidden) walk) and Gare du (email hidden) walk). Many central sites are easily accessibles by the metro in a few stations. See you soon !"	"We propose you 1 spacious room (17 m2 = 183 square feet) with 2 simple beds and a view upon jardin Villemin and canal Saint Martin in a typical parisian apartment (90 m2 = 968 square feet). Kitchen (oven, micro-wave, fridge-freezer) and bathroom (little bathtub, washing-machine). Sheets, linen and dishes provided. You can also play the piano in the living-room. Internet (wi-fi or cable, as you want). The flat overlooks the Jardin Villemin and the canal Saint Martin, very near the mythical ""Hôtel du Nord"" (film set in a famous french movie in 1938). The flat is located in a very lovely, lively and sought-after district. There are many shops (bakers, grocers, supermarkets), bars and restaurants nearby. We are close to the metro stations Gare de l'(email hidden) walk) and Gare du (email hidden) walk). Many central sites are easily accessibles by the metro in a few stations. See you soon !"
8915	Wonderful appartment, 100m2 like an industrial loft, but With 2 private and separated bedrooms, 2 bathroom and 2 toilets. The living room is really large, 70m2, a part with american kitchen, a part with dinig room, and a part with a big and confortable sofa  The appartment has been renovated in 2012. It is very quiet and luminous. Giving on a courtyard and not on the street,  you dont realise that you are In the center of Paris. The appartment looks like a NewYork one: red bricks, concrete beam, and cut stones. Its really atypical and beautiful. Located in the town center, you have 5 subways stations around: Bonne Nouvelle lines 8,9, Poissonieres Line 7, gare de l est line 5 and château d eau Line 4. You are near to all monuments ans you are ideally sited to see thé sights of Paris. All comodities in appartment; TV, DVD, wifi, microwaves, dishwasher, Washing machine	Spacious, luxuous, confortable, quiet... All you need to feel at home in Paris Wonderful appartment, 100m2 like an industrial loft, but With 2 private and separated bedrooms, 2 bathroom and 2 toilets. The living room is really large, 70m2, a part with american kitchen, a part with dinig room, and a part with a big and confortable sofa  The appartment has been renovated in 2012. It is very quiet and luminous. Giving on a courtyard and not on the street,  you dont realise that you are In the center of Paris. The appartment looks like a NewYork one: red bricks, concrete beam, and cut stones. Its really atypical and beautiful. Located in the town center, you have 5 subways stations around: Bonne Nouvelle lines 8,9, Poissonieres Line 7, gare de l est line 5 and château d eau Line 4. You are near to all monuments ans you are ideally sited to see thé sights of Paris. All comodities in appartment; TV, DVD, wifi, microwaves, dishwasher, Washing machine 10min walking from Gare Du Nord Subway acc
8916	Joli appartement de 38m2, au rdc d'un bel immeuble au centre de Paris, rénové et agréable, la base idéale pour vos excursions dans la capitale. Le Canal St Martin est à 50 mètres de la rue, le métro est à trente mètres...Il y a aussi de nombreux restaurants, divers et variés, dans le quartier. Canapé 2 places dans la pièce principale, la chambre se trouvant à l'écart. Je partage avec vous la cuisine toute équipée et la salle de bains refaite à neuf. Je vous donnerai des serviettes et des draps propres, des oreillers également. Vous êtes complètement indépendants, je vous laisse un jeu de clés. Internet, tv, collections de films et de livres d'art, tout ce qu'il faut pour un séjour parisien réussi!	. Joli appartement de 38m2, au rdc d'un bel immeuble au centre de Paris, rénové et agréable, la base idéale pour vos excursions dans la capitale. Le Canal St Martin est à 50 mètres de la rue, le métro est à trente mètres...Il y a aussi de nombreux restaurants, divers et variés, dans le quartier. Canapé 2 places dans la pièce principale, la chambre se trouvant à l'écart. Je partage avec vous la cuisine toute équipée et la salle de bains refaite à neuf. Je vous donnerai des serviettes et des draps propres, des oreillers également. Vous êtes complètement indépendants, je vous laisse un jeu de clés. Internet, tv, collections de films et de livres d'art, tout ce qu'il faut pour un séjour parisien réussi! . De la nuit du 12 au 13/08 seulement. Le Canal St martin, la Villette, Paris plage, les cinémas, petits commerces et restaurants en tout genre. Un jardin et une cour (transats) sont également disponibles, l'appartement se situant au rdc. Métro Ligne 7 : Arrêt : Château-Landon, Louis Blanc 
8917	60m2 2 rooms apartment on the 9th floor renewed in 2015 with : - day side : a big living room with a beautiful open and equipped kitchen opening on a big terrasse overhanging on Paris. The views offers all the greatest monuments of Paris : Bastille, Panthéon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Beaubourg, Invalides, Eiffel Tower, Opéra Garnier, etc.. Without forgetting the comfortable hamac allowing to hang out in the sunshine. - Separated toilets, bathroom with a bath-tub. - night side : spacious and luminous bedroom (looking onto a private courtyard) with a wide exceptional comfort bed (bought in 2015). Equipements :  - dishwasher - washing machine - gaz hob, electric oven - WiFi - active monitoring speakers (HiFi)	Perched in the heart of Paris, this 2 rooms flat will be your  home sweet home. Its exceptional view offers the main Paris monuments. The bedroom giving on the courtyard is very calm. It's ideally located to visit all Paris. 60m2 2 rooms apartment on the 9th floor renewed in 2015 with : - day side : a big living room with a beautiful open and equipped kitchen opening on a big terrasse overhanging on Paris. The views offers all the greatest monuments of Paris : Bastille, Panthéon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Beaubourg, Invalides, Eiffel Tower, Opéra Garnier, etc.. Without forgetting the comfortable hamac allowing to hang out in the sunshine. - Separated toilets, bathroom with a bath-tub. - night side : spacious and luminous bedroom (looking onto a private courtyard) with a wide exceptional comfort bed (bought in 2015). Equipements :  - dishwasher - washing machine - gaz hob, electric oven - WiFi - active monitoring speakers (HiFi) You will have access to all the appartement equipment. You'll 
8918	In a charming little private paved street at just a stone-throw from the canal St Martin this just renovated loft styled 60m2 apartment is perfectly equipped for you to enjoy your stay. This is a really relaxing peaceful place bathed with natural light throughout the day, so quiet you can't think you're in the center of Paris, you can even sleep with the windows open ! The child bedroom is not shared (this is why the flat is 55 instead of 60m2) , an additional mattress for one person can be added in the living room if needed. Funny anecdote : The Joconde when stolen in 1911 was hidden for 1 year and discovered in this building ;) Wi-Fi iMac Computer with amplifier and speakers.  Dishwasher Combo washer dryer Oven Microwave oven Gas cooker Fridge A fan Bath & Shower Towels 1 Bedroom with Double bed (160) Extra single mattress bed linen	In a charming little private paved street at just a stone-throw from the canal St Martin this just renovated loft styled apartment is perfectly equipped for you to enjoy your stay. In a charming little private paved street at just a stone-throw from the canal St Martin this just renovated loft styled 60m2 apartment is perfectly equipped for you to enjoy your stay. This is a really relaxing peaceful place bathed with natural light throughout the day, so quiet you can't think you're in the center of Paris, you can even sleep with the windows open ! The child bedroom is not shared (this is why the flat is 55 instead of 60m2) , an additional mattress for one person can be added in the living room if needed. Funny anecdote : The Joconde when stolen in 1911 was hidden for 1 year and discovered in this building ;) Wi-Fi iMac Computer with amplifier and speakers.  Dishwasher Combo washer dryer Oven Microwave oven Gas cooker Fridge A fan Bath & Shower Towels 1 Bedroom with Double bed (160) Extr
8919		Situé dans un quartier animé et branché, l'appartement est spacieux, calme et lumineux. Très agréable à vivre, il a été refait à neuf, meublé et équipé avec soin l'an dernier.
8920	Cosy, sunny and quiet 1-bedroom apartment.  The Apartment is located near “Bonne nouvelle” station and near the pedestrian courtyard of “Cours des Petites Ecuries”.  	Cosy, sunny and quiet 1-bedroom apartment.  The Apartment is located near “Bonne nouvelle” station and near the pedestrian courtyard of “Cours des Petites Ecuries”.  Very comfortable for a couple in a romantic getaway!  Cosy, sunny and quiet 1-bedroom apartment.  The Apartment is located near “Bonne nouvelle” station and near the pedestrian courtyard of “Cours des Petites Ecuries”.  
8921	Serviettes et draps fournis Café et thé, petite collation :) Wifi Pas de télévision	Cosy studio located on the Canal Saint Martin in the very central district 10th (GARE DE L'EST/REPUBLIQUE) Friendly neighborhood!!! Metro : 3,5,4,7,9,8 I have a cat : Jacques ! If it's ok for you, you can take care of him. If you don't want, Jacques could go away during your stay ! Don't hesitate to tell me what you want :)
8922	The accommodation can accommodate 4 people with the room and the very comfortable sofa bed. The table is extendable and the kitchen is very convenient to make good dinner. It is bright and very quiet.	Two unusual and rare pieces with exposed beams. It includes a fully equipped kitchen, large living room with a sofa bed and a dining room table that expands, a small bathroom and a nice room. The area is young and trendy and in central Paris. The accommodation can accommodate 4 people with the room and the very comfortable sofa bed. The table is extendable and the kitchen is very convenient to make good dinner. It is bright and very quiet. They have the whole apartment which consists of a large living room with a fully equipped kitchen. On a large 30m2 living space with a large sofa and a dining table extendable dining. There is a small but functional bathroom with a small tub / shower, toilet and sink. A closet will be available to them in the great room of 12m2. There has wifi and two televisions. I would be there for their arrival and for the departure. The Canal Saint-Martin is a very touristy and busy area. Shops are open 7/7 and the district has all different restaurants. The apa
8923	It is quiet, cosy, and clean. My bed is quite confortable. I live on the 3rd floor and there is no elevator.	When you’re walking along the canal there are many exciting things to see: original shops, trendy restaurants and lots of people!  Canal St.Martin is a popular place to be. Parisians, tourist, young and old..all gathered along the banks of the canal. It is quiet, cosy, and clean. My bed is quite confortable. I live on the 3rd floor and there is no elevator. You will have access to everything. When I'm abroad you don't need me for the check-in because I have a deposit box where I put my keys outside of my flat. It means that you can arrive anytime and be late as late as you want ;) Several subway station by order of proximity: - Jacques Bonsergent - Gare de l'est - Republique
8924	L'appartement de 45 m² est composé d'un grand salon / salle à manger, d'une cuisine entièrement équipée avec ouverture, d'une chambre avec lit queen size et une salle de bains avec toilettes séparées. Le salon est équipé d'un home cinema avec vidéo-projecteur. Il est idéal pour un couple mais peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes supplémentaires (grand canapé dans le salon). Linges de maison fourni. Le prix inclut le ménage. Il est situé à proximité du Canal Saint Martin, de République et du parc des Buttes Chaumont.	L'appartement de 45 m² est composé d'un grand salon / salle à manger, d'une cuisine entièrement équipée avec ouverture, d'une chambre avec lit queen size et une salle de bains avec toilettes séparées. Le salon est équipé d'un home cinema avec vidéo-projecteur. Il est idéal pour un couple mais peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes supplémentaires (grand canapé dans le salon). Linges de maison fourni. Le prix inclut le ménage. Il est situé à proximité du Canal Saint Martin, de République et du parc des Buttes Chaumont. L'appartement se loue dans sa totalité et les voyageurs auront donc accès à toutes ses parties. Je loue mon appartement lorsque je m'évade de Paris, que ce soit pour un week-end ou plusieurs semaines à l'étranger. Je ne serai donc pas présent sur place mais des amis seront toujours à proximité à Paris en cas de besoin. L'appartement est situé dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris, à la limite du 19ème et du 11ème. Le quartier du canal Saint Martin est un endroit très animé l
8925		78 m2 2 chambres/2 lits doubles (possibilité rajout lit enfant)  Grand salon, salle à manger, cuisine américaine. Gardienne disponible et de confiance Emplacement idéal pour découvrir paris (5 min de république et du canal saint martin...)
8926		Dans quartier vivant et animé (entre le canal Saint martin, et Oberkampf), profitez du calme d'un appartement sur cour intérieure arborée ! Nous partagerons le séjour/cuisine/salle de bain, vous aurez votre chambre avec un petit salon privé. Je vous donnerai les bonnes adresses du quartier avec plaisir !
8927	Une déco, mêlant vintage, industriel et design contemporain pour un week-end en amoureux en couple, en famille (lit bébé), ou entre amis. Un intérieur chaleureux ou l'on se sent chez soi immédiatement.  - 2 grands lits 2 places - 1 canapé salon pour 1 personne de 180 cm max - 1 lit bébé - 1 lit d'appoint	Une déco, mêlant vintage, industriel et design contemporain pour un week-end en amoureux en couple, en famille (lit bébé), ou entre amis. Un intérieur chaleureux ou l'on se sent chez soi immédiatement.  - 2 grands lits 2 places - 1 canapé salon pour 1 personne de 180 cm max - 1 lit bébé - 1 lit d'appoint 1 chambre amis et bébé, salle de bain, cuisine, salon, vous pouvez utiliser la machine a laver la vaisselle, la machine a laver le linge, la télé, le dock enceinte IPOD, la chambre principale Nous vous fournissons les draps pour les lits. Vous portez vos serviettes de toilette. Pour les restrictions il y en a peu, nous voyons ça a votre arrivé.  Nous vivons dans cet appartement, nous vous demandons donc respect et discrétion. A l'arrivé pour un boire un verre et lors de leur départ, sauf si nous sommes absents. Nous restons joignable par téléphone  This is the theatres' quarter and We love the food shops, open all week long, many café and bistrot where you can have a drink at night wit
8928	Appartement très lumineux donnant sur le métro château London. A deux pas du canal Saint Matin, idéal pour amis ou couple avec enfants.	Appartement de 52 m² au deuxième étage, incluant 2 chambres spacieuses, une salle de bain, un salon et une cuisine fonctionnelle. Situé à deux pas du Canal Saint-Martin, en face du métro Château Landon (ligne 7) Appartement très lumineux donnant sur le métro château London. A deux pas du canal Saint Matin, idéal pour amis ou couple avec enfants. Cartier dynamique avec de nombreux commerces, boulangers, fromagers, supérettes ... Ainsi que de nombreux restaurants et bars le long du Canal. Vous serez à 500m de la Gare de l'Est donnant accès au métro des ligne 4 . 5 et 7. L'appartement se situe en face de la station de métro Château Landon, ligne 7. Les serviettes de bains ne sont pas fournis.
8929	The apartment is situated on the second floor (with a lift from the first floor) in the building overlooking an inner courtyard. This gives peace and tranquility with no street noise. There is an entrance hall, a bathroom with shower, basin and toilet. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, stove, microwave, fridge, freezer and essential food ingredients for your stay!). The main sitting area has a four seater table, a sofa, additional chairs, TV and music system with docking station. There is a marble fireplace in this room. The main bedroom has a standard double bed, fireplace, large built in wardrobe, TV and library with books and DVD's. The second separate bedroom has a large day bed which extends to a very comfortable full size double bed (180x200cm). This apartment is in a Haussmannian building and maintains its original features; wooden floors, ornate cornices, windows and fireplaces. All rooms have their own window!	This two bedroom apartment is situated in the golden triangle of Canal St Martin. It is opposite the famous boulangerie 'Du Pain et Des Idées' at the angle of rue de Marseille and  rue Yves Toudic. Fully equipped, original fireplaces & wooden floors! The apartment is situated on the second floor (with a lift from the first floor) in the building overlooking an inner courtyard. This gives peace and tranquility with no street noise. There is an entrance hall, a bathroom with shower, basin and toilet. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, stove, microwave, fridge, freezer and essential food ingredients for your stay!). The main sitting area has a four seater table, a sofa, additional chairs, TV and music system with docking station. There is a marble fireplace in this room. The main bedroom has a standard double bed, fireplace, large built in wardrobe, TV and library with books and DVD's. The second separate bedroom has a large day bed which extends to a
8930	"Nice 2 rooms of 50 m² in the heart of the  ""Bobo""'s district, 10ème (Did you see Amelie Poulain ?), This district is very authentic despite not too much  touristic.The flat is in a quite street, close to Gare du Nord (from airport), it's a safe district. Along the Canal Saint Martin, the place to be for a sunny Parisian picnic. And two of the best bakeries in Paris ! ***About the flat***  In a quite street, it's a recent building with all the modern confort. Elevator digicode... Bright appartement, with Salon-kitchen, who is a nice place to live, to cook, watch tv, or simply have rest after a long day visiting Paris. and a nice room  (So you can sleep confortably with 4 people, two in the room, two on the couch (who is convertible) -The kitchen is moderne, dish machine, washing machine, oven, fridge, deep freeze, toaster, 2  ceramic)  - bathroom with bath/shower, big classes. - Internet access with Wifi. - Large TV  - PS3 -- We provide the needing for you sejour. Breakfast, the, mik, s"	"In one of the most beautiful district of Paris despite not too touristic. A  confortable flat, in a modern building on a quite street. Many public transport around. The perfect flat for a charming week-end in Paris. Nice 2 rooms of 50 m² in the heart of the  ""Bobo""'s district, 10ème (Did you see Amelie Poulain ?), This district is very authentic despite not too much  touristic.The flat is in a quite street, close to Gare du Nord (from airport), it's a safe district. Along the Canal Saint Martin, the place to be for a sunny Parisian picnic. And two of the best bakeries in Paris ! ***About the flat***  In a quite street, it's a recent building with all the modern confort. Elevator digicode... Bright appartement, with Salon-kitchen, who is a nice place to live, to cook, watch tv, or simply have rest after a long day visiting Paris. and a nice room  (So you can sleep confortably with 4 people, two in the room, two on the couch (who is convertible) -The kitchen is moderne, dish machine, was"
8931	L'appartement est calme dans une belle rue commerçante, avec double vitrage. 	Bonjour, je travaille dans la culture. J'aime beaucoup accueillir. Commerces et transports (métro, bus) sont tous à côté de mon immeuble. Vous serez logés au coeur de Paris dans un lit deux places confortable. Je parle français, anglais, espagnol. L'appartement est calme dans une belle rue commerçante, avec double vitrage. Accès par le métro Goncourt (ligne 11) ou Belleville (ligne 2) ou Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) Je pourrai vous conseillez et vous accompagner durant votre séjour. Le quartier est très agréable au coeur de Paris avec beaucoup de commerces sympas et pas chers. Les accès en métro et bus sont très nombreux. A proximité d'une piscine et grand parc de verdure. N'hésitez pas à me poser des questions d'ici votre venue si besoin.
8932		Appartement de 50m2 au bord du Canal Saint Martin, dans le 10e arr. de Paris (central).  Calme, lumineux et confortable, l'appartement est situé dans un immeuble moderne au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Profitez d'un quartier agréable et branché !
8933	So cute so french so PARIS. Welcome in the beautiful town of the world. Lovely flat one lounge with table 4 chairs, un coat (bed settee for 2 peoples) kitchen with oven, microwave oven and fridge. one bedroom with 1 bed for 2 peoples. one bathroom with toilets and shower. Close to 6 station metro and bus. Close to a lot of shop (clothes, supermarket) Close to Canal saint martin, lovely river so cute for promenade or drink french coffee !! ENJOY PARIS :-)	So cute so french so PARIS. Welcome in the beautiful town of the world. Lovely flat one lounge with table 4 chairs, un coat (bed settee for 2 peoples) kitchen with oven, microwave oven and fridge. one bedroom with 1 bed for 2 peoples. one bathroom with toilets and shower. Close to 6 station metro and bus. Close to a lot of shop (clothes, supermarket) Close to Canal saint martin, lovely river so cute for promenade or drink french coffee !! ENJOY PARIS :-)
8934		This is a small comtortable studio 11m2 that is located one block away from Gare du Nord station  RER B direct lignes from the airports, Eurostar  Gare de l Est Thalys northern Europe The place is very luminous and it is 6 floor without elevator :(  Facilities and shower are inside :)   . 
8935	In the heart of the Grands Boulevards, a few minutes walk from the pedestrian Montorgueil, full of colors and smells - the real Paris where we like to walk the nose in the air you will love this apartment 45m2 located on the 3rd floor without elevator, completely refurbished and haven of silence and light. The accommodation comprises of a beautiful bathroom mosaic glowing, a quiet room overlooking a courtyard with a double bed 1.40 x 2 m, a large open plan kitchen and lounge with a double sofa bed with a bed 1.40 mx 2 m. The combination of modern and former gives an impression of color very successful, well-being and authenticity. The wooden floors, beamed ceilings and stone wall: all the ingredients to make your stay warm and cozy. At the foot of the building, you will find all the shops useful a Velib station and can stroll around the bustling Paris between the mythical Cinema Grand Rex theater to entertain you, and take advantage of the electric atmosphere of a busiest streets of Pa	In the heart of the Grands Boulevards, a few minutes walk from the pedestrian Montorgueil, full of colors and smells - the real Paris where we like to walk the nose in the air you will love this apartment 45m2 located on the 3rd floor without elevator, completely refurbished and haven of silence and light. The accommodation comprises of a beautiful bathroom mosaic glowing, a quiet room overlooking a courtyard with a double bed 1.40 x 2 m, a large open plan kitchen and lounge with a double sofa bed with a bed 1.40 mx 2 m. The combination of modern and former gives an impression of color very successful, well-being and authenticity. The wooden floors, beamed ceilings and stone wall: all the ingredients to make your stay warm and cozy. At the foot of the building, you will find all the shops useful a Velib station and can stroll around the bustling Paris between the mythical Cinema Grand Rex theater to entertain you, and take advantage of the electric atmosphere of a busiest streets of Pa
8936		Deux pièces accueillant (28 m2) avec décoration style industriel, très bien situé près du Canal Saint-Martin, idéal pour couple.   Tout équipé (wifi + draps + serviettes). Le quartier du Canal Saint-Martin est charmant et offre de nombreuses activités à faire : restaurant, balade au long du canal, tour en péniche sur le canal, salles de concerts, bars, boites de nuit, parc des Buttes Chaumont, promenade en vélo (borne vélib à proximité), shopping ouvert même le dimanche (Sandro, The Kooples, APC, Bash...), Canal de l'Ourcq avec possibilité de faire du canoë, de jouer à la pétanque.. 3 supermarchés à proximité, boulangerie, boucher, fromager à 30 mètres. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement comprenant 1 chambre avec un lit double + 1 living room avec cuisine à l'américaine. La cuisine est totalement équipée : four, plaques de cuisson vitrocéramique, petit frigidaire, bouilloire.   Gare du Nord  Gare de l'Est  Metro Louis Blanc  Metro Jaurès  Bus 54 - 26  Bornes Vélib 
8937	Ideally situated, very quiet, any comfort. This magnificent and typically Parisian apartment with high painted ceilings and fireplaces in every rooms(parts,plays) benefits of one well-kept decoration.  Apartment in the rez of put with a terrace of 15m2 where we can have lunch or have dinner outside by hearing(understanding) the bell tower of the church holy Vincent de Paul. Entered, on the right a big lounge / dining room which distributes 1 double room, then in the corridor(lane) has right another room(chamber) with a single bed, the kitchen is at the end of this corridor, then on the left, a big parental bedroom which gives onto the terrace. The room of bainest in quoted. Big height under ceiling, moulding, fireplace. Beautiful living space. In 5 min of the Gare du Nord station (express of the airport Charles de Gaulle and arrival of the Eurostar) and of the east Station.  Just a step from the center of Paris: Saint Martin canal (10 min on foot), Operated (10 min on foot), Montmartre	Ideally situated, very quiet, any comfort. This magnificent and typically Parisian apartment with high painted ceilings and fireplaces in every rooms(parts,plays) benefits of one well-kept decoration.  Apartment in the rez of put with a terrace of 15m2 where we can have lunch or have dinner outside by hearing(understanding) the bell tower of the church holy Vincent de Paul. Entered, on the right a big lounge / dining room which distributes 1 double room, then in the corridor(lane) has right another room(chamber) with a single bed, the kitchen is at the end of this corridor, then on the left, a big parental bedroom which gives onto the terrace. The room of bainest in quoted. Big height under ceiling, moulding, fireplace. Beautiful living space. In 5 min of the Gare du Nord station (express of the airport Charles de Gaulle and arrival of the Eurostar) and of the east Station.  Just a step from the center of Paris: Saint Martin canal (10 min on foot), Operated (10 min on foot), Montmartre
8938	Charming family apartment on the top floor  of a Parisian building  with balcony along and  bedroom backside. Double living room with dining area and open  kitchen completely equipped,  2 bedrooms, bathroom with  a bath and shower include, separate toilet. In the first bedroom : one double bed (160x200), in the second bedroom : one single bed (90x200)  including  a mezzanine bed and  one extra sofa bed  ( it is a children room), in the lounge : one comfortable sofa bed (160x200). Linens and towels  are provided. You will find in the kitchen basic products as oil, vinegar, condiments, sugar, salt, pepper, epices, pastas, rices, coffee, etc....  If you use them, have the kindness to replace them. The building is very quiet, it is necessary to respect the tranquillity of the inhabitants so that all can live in good harmony.	Charming family apartment on the top floor of a Parisian building with balconies and rooms along the courtyard. Ideally located in a central area, the new 10th, between Gare du Nord and Gare de L'Est is two Canal St Martin Charming family apartment on the top floor  of a Parisian building  with balcony along and  bedroom backside. Double living room with dining area and open  kitchen completely equipped,  2 bedrooms, bathroom with  a bath and shower include, separate toilet. In the first bedroom : one double bed (160x200), in the second bedroom : one single bed (90x200)  including  a mezzanine bed and  one extra sofa bed  ( it is a children room), in the lounge : one comfortable sofa bed (160x200). Linens and towels  are provided. You will find in the kitchen basic products as oil, vinegar, condiments, sugar, salt, pepper, epices, pastas, rices, coffee, etc....  If you use them, have the kindness to replace them. The building is very quiet, it is necessary to respect the tranquillity o
8939	L'appartamento 	In the heart of Paris, in one of the most prestigious building in the area, the studio is new and equipped with every comfort: kitchen, wardrobe, two sofa beds, one with an orthopedic mattress, and a large bathroom with bathtub.  The neighborhood is super trendy and central. You can visit Paris by foot!
8940	L'appartement se trouve au 5em étage dans un immeuble sans ascenseur. Les deux chambres, le salon, les toilettes et la salle de bain sont desservis par un couloir. Il est tout en parquet et lumineux.	Chambre privée dans un appartement très agréable de 70 mètres carrés.  Très bien desservi, il vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour à Paris. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus de détails! L'appartement se trouve au 5em étage dans un immeuble sans ascenseur. Les deux chambres, le salon, les toilettes et la salle de bain sont desservis par un couloir. Il est tout en parquet et lumineux. L'appartement se trouve a proximité (3 minutes) de l'arrêt de métro Louis Blanc (7 et 7bis) et à 5 minutes de l'arrêt Jaures (2 et 5).
8941	My apartement just looks like a small house in the heart of Paris ! Located near the Grands Boulevards, this atypical two-storeys loft under the roof will charm you with its 65 square meters and its wonderful outside terrace. It is on the second floor (no elevator) of an old typical parisian building. The whole apartment faces the large interior courtyard. The interior decoration is simple and cosy, the apartement is very spacious. It will be your peace haven in Paris after hectic days spent discovering the capital !  You will enjoy a bathroom (with a bath tube) to relax, separate toilet, a large and nice kitchen to cook yourself diner, a comfortable leaving room to spend quality time reading or just doing nothing, a calm bedroom with plenty of space…and at last, upstairs, a great terrace to sunbathe or savor a nice glass of wine… Everything you need to have a pleasant and comfortable stay will be at your disposal (fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, etc…). All the necessary linen	This apartement is like a small house in the heat of Paris : enjoy a great space, without direct neighbours and a very peaceful environment with windows facing a calm courtyard. And last but not least, a nice terrace to enjoy the warm summer nights. My apartement just looks like a small house in the heart of Paris ! Located near the Grands Boulevards, this atypical two-storeys loft under the roof will charm you with its 65 square meters and its wonderful outside terrace. It is on the second floor (no elevator) of an old typical parisian building. The whole apartment faces the large interior courtyard. The interior decoration is simple and cosy, the apartement is very spacious. It will be your peace haven in Paris after hectic days spent discovering the capital !  You will enjoy a bathroom (with a bath tube) to relax, separate toilet, a large and nice kitchen to cook yourself diner, a comfortable leaving room to spend quality time reading or just doing nothing, a calm bedroom with plent
8942		Appartement lumineux, immeuble ancien (sol en pente, poutres, tomettes). Séjour et cuisine américaine, petite chambre, petite baignoire.
8943	This is a great apartment just steps from wonderful Canal St. Martin! This area is one of the more dynamic of the neighbourhood : best bakery of Paris down the apartment, supermarkets open late at night, cheese and biological products shops, all sorts of international restaurants, dry-cleaners, bars, bookstores, independent fashion designer, stores open on sunday in the street right at the corner. There are lot of cool restaurants in the very close area and the canal is really becoming alive in the summer! Apartment located at one street of the Canal so it's still really quiet. You have the Velib' station (free bicycle) just down the apartment. The closest subway station : Jacques Bonsergent 2 min walking and Republique is 5 min walking, there is also many buses and the bus 65 which goes straight to Gare de Lyon. 10 min to Gare du Nord where you can take RER B directly for Charles de Gaulle-Roissy and Orly airports. We are 2 roommates living   in the apartment: Océane and Laura. We are	This is a great apartment just steps from wonderful Canal St. Martin! This area is one of the more dynamic of the neighbourhood : best bakery of Paris down the apartment, supermarkets open late at night, cheese and biological products shops, all sorts of international restaurants, dry-cleaners, bars, bookstores, independent fashion designer, stores open on sunday in the street right at the corner. There are lot of cool restaurants in the very close area and the canal is really becoming alive in the summer! Apartment located at one street of the Canal so it's still really quiet. You have the Velib' station (free bicycle) just down the apartment. The closest subway station : Jacques Bonsergent 2 min walking and Republique is 5 min walking, there is also many buses and the bus 65 which goes straight to Gare de Lyon. 10 min to Gare du Nord where you can take RER B directly for Charles de Gaulle-Roissy and Orly airports. We are 2 roommates living   in the apartment: Océane and Laura. We are
8944		Great location in center of Paris between le canal saint martin,le marais, grand boulevard and pigalle. Not fare from Eiffel tower and Notre de Paris. Ideal for tourist stuff and easy to get underground aswell. The flat is to share with me.
8945	Welcome to this typical parisian loft! We will be glad to host you during your stay in Paris, whether you come for work or to discover the city. The loft is ideally located, in the heart of Paris next to 5 metro lines and many buses and velib (bikes made available by the City) stations. You will enjoy this very charming and comfy space, literally on the Canal St Martin. The place has everything you need: high speed wireless Internet, confortable bed, fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, hot coffee, lots of sun, great books... Everything to make your stay perfect! (We even have a video projector :)) We'll be super happy to give your our best list of restaurants, coffee shops, bars, boutiques and special places in the area and in the city in general, so you can make the most of your trip in our lovely city. Feel free to ask us any question you may have, and see you soon!	Welcome to our charming and typical parisian loft! You will enjoy this spacious and bright space in the hippest area of the city, the 10th arrondissement of Paris. The loft has everything you need to make your stay perfect! Welcome to this typical parisian loft! We will be glad to host you during your stay in Paris, whether you come for work or to discover the city. The loft is ideally located, in the heart of Paris next to 5 metro lines and many buses and velib (bikes made available by the City) stations. You will enjoy this very charming and comfy space, literally on the Canal St Martin. The place has everything you need: high speed wireless Internet, confortable bed, fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, hot coffee, lots of sun, great books... Everything to make your stay perfect! (We even have a video projector :)) We'll be super happy to give your our best list of restaurants, coffee shops, bars, boutiques and special places in the area and in the city in general, so you can ma
8946		2-3 pièces spacieux, lumineux, avec beaucoup de charme , donnant intégralement sur cour, dans un quartier central et animé de Paris. Bien relié au métro vous pourrez traverser Paris aisément ou profiter du quartier et du canal St Martin. Cuisine américaine équipée, séjour de 40m2
8947		C'est un petit appartement mansardé rue Bichat, à deux pas du canal Saint-Martin, dans un des quartiers les plus sympas de Paris. Il est très lumineux, proche de toutes commodités, agréable à vivre. Parfait pour un couple ou pour des amis!
8948	"Paris-10, France, Ile de France Paris - Paris. Apartment/ flat, 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, Large Living/Dining room, Open-plan kitchen, 1 Separate toilet. 4 persons maximum, 70 m2. 4th floor with lift. -This attractive Central-Paris apartement boasts a Stylish Modern demeanour with touches of ""Old Parisian Bougeoisie""elegance. Natural hues of grey and beige run throughout the interior creating a relaxed ambience. The multi-cultural 10th district located in the heart of paris,borders the Monmartre area and the artists'haunt. A short commute with the metro (line 7) takes you to the 10 floors shopper's paradise of Galeries Lafayette and Printemps' department stores,and to the old Opera Garnier,or to the ""Musée du Louvre"" in ten minutes from the nearby metro station:Poissonnière (Line7). 2 real bedroms with each one a double bed. The linen comes from the Dry-Cleaner's Dining suite has a table with seating for 6. Kitchen: Apart providing a complete set of kitchenware also top-equipped"	"Paris-10, France, Ile de France Paris - Paris. Apartment/ flat, 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, Large Living/Dining room, Open-plan kitchen, 1 Separate toilet. 4 persons maximum, 70 m2. 4th floor with lift. -This attractive Central-Paris apartement boasts a Stylish Modern demeanour with touches of ""Old Parisian Bougeoisie""elegance. Natural hues of grey and beige run throughout the interior creating a relaxed ambience. The multi-cultural 10th district located in the heart of paris,borders the Monmartre area and the artists'haunt. A short commute with the metro (line 7) takes you to the 10 floors shopper's paradise of Galeries Lafayette and Printemps' department stores,and to the old Opera Garnier,or to the ""Musée du Louvre"" in ten minutes from the nearby metro station:Poissonnière (Line7). 2 real bedroms with each one a double bed. The linen comes from the Dry-Cleaner's Dining suite has a table with seating for 6. Kitchen: Apart providing a complete set of kitchenware also top-equipped"
8949	Welcome in the Indian district of Paris !  The flat is located near Gare du Nord train station, in a lively area. You will enjoy a spacious 60 m2 (645 ft2) calm and sunny, with a large living room and a warm atmosphere.  If you need any help for special needs, just ask.  A bientôt Edouard 	"A charming flat in a lively and central location. Near Gare du Nord train station. 2 rooms in 60m2 with a large and bright living room. Capacity 3 persons.  Welcome in the Indian district of Paris !  The flat is located near Gare du Nord train station, in a lively area. You will enjoy a spacious 60 m2 (645 ft2) calm and sunny, with a large living room and a warm atmosphere.  If you need any help for special needs, just ask.  A bientôt Edouard  There is one bedroom for two and a pull out sofa for one (sheets and towels are included for all).  I answer to every request.  Sometimes I have the chance to meet guest, otherwise a friend handle it for me.  The neighborhood will show you an other side of Paris. It's a small Tamoul district. The elevated subway and the railways train around give a New York atmosphere to the location and this what I like.  Around the place there is everything you need. Bakery, supermarket and restaurants are down the street.  If you want to chill out there is ""pa"
8950	L'appartement est plein de lumière, et il est unique comme il est central et aussi très calme. La rue du Faubourg St Denis a pleins de bars et restaurants sympas, aussi bien que des supermarchés. Accès après à l'appart passe par une mini-rue intérieure toute calme, donc le placement d'être au centre ne compromet pas le calme et la sérénité!	Deux-pièces propre, cozy et lumineux en plein centre de Paris! Peut loger deux à quatre personnes et est très central, sur la rue Fbg St Denis, au calme dans une petite rue adorable puis proche proximité métro et monuments! Profitez de Paris sur un budget abordable! L'appartement est plein de lumière, et il est unique comme il est central et aussi très calme. La rue du Faubourg St Denis a pleins de bars et restaurants sympas, aussi bien que des supermarchés. Accès après à l'appart passe par une mini-rue intérieure toute calme, donc le placement d'être au centre ne compromet pas le calme et la sérénité! Je loue mon appart charmant surtout quand je pars en formation dans le cadre de mon travail. Vous serez donc accueilli par une de mes très bonnes amies, Laurine, qui vous donnera la clé et vous montre l'appartment. Je resterai joignable à tout moment par portable! :) L'appartement est 2 minutes à pied du métro ligne 4, arrêt Château d'Eau, et 8 minutes à pied de la ligne 5, arrêt Gare de
8951	Superb duplex 70m², very bright, located in the heart of Paris.  Our apartment is idealy located, on the 4th floor. You enter directly into a large living/dining room (40m²) ; on the floor: a large bedroom and another adjoining room with a sofa bed and a separate bathroom	Heart of Paris apartment, our charming duplex is ideal for a family or group of friends visiting Paris ! (directly served by 3 metro lines) Superb duplex 70m², very bright, located in the heart of Paris.  Our apartment is idealy located, on the 4th floor. You enter directly into a large living/dining room (40m²) ; on the floor: a large bedroom and another adjoining room with a sofa bed and a separate bathroom THE APARTMENT The 70 m² are perfect for 2 or 4 people.  The apartment is clean, comfortable, refurnished. The place really bright thanks to the large French Windows in the living room and the bedroom.  The duplex is located on the fourth floor with no elevators Kitchen has a hob, oven, refrigerator, expresso machine (real one) and opens on the living room furnished with sofa, dining table.  2nd floior, the bedroom got a bed, a wardrobe, the second one is with a sofa bed. The bathroom access is in the 2nd floor  with a sink and a large bathtub.(separated restrooms)  It is a really 
8952	This is a bright and laid back place, with one big bedroom, one living room that is also a small kitchen (basically furnished with 1 small oven, 2 electric hot plates, 1 small refrigerator), and one bathroom (shower). The street facing the bedroom is calm, and despite proximity to Gare de l'Est I don't hear the trains. Nerds & geeks: espresso machine, broadband/wireless internet connection, random uncased electronics.	Canal St-Martin and Gare de l'Est 1 min away! The flat (~35 m2) is composed by: - 1 big bedroom (~20 m2) - 1 kitchen + living room - 1 bathroom. It is very luminous and located at 3rd (and last) floor -- no elevator. This is a bright and laid back place, with one big bedroom, one living room that is also a small kitchen (basically furnished with 1 small oven, 2 electric hot plates, 1 small refrigerator), and one bathroom (shower). The street facing the bedroom is calm, and despite proximity to Gare de l'Est I don't hear the trains. Nerds & geeks: espresso machine, broadband/wireless internet connection, random uncased electronics. You'll have the whole flat for you. Unless I'm on vacation, I'll be around in the city. You can ring me pretty much 24-7. The Canal Saint-Martin area is a lovely neighborhood organized around a little canal, with plenty of nice restaurants and bars around. The apartment is 2 min away from the Jardin Villemin, a very nice park facing the canal.  On sundays, th
8953	"Lovely, luminous and quiet apartment with a view on the roofs of Paris. Right next to Canal St-Martin, you can enjoy the Parisian neighborhood life: shopping, restaurants, bars... However thanks to its central location, you can easily enjoy the rest of Paris by foot, by bike or by subway! The sunlight when having your breakfast! The sparkling Eiffel Tower when sleeping in your bed! Lots of trendy places to shop, have diner and drinks! -------------------------- 5 minutes walk from subway station ""Gare de l'Est"" (Lines 4, 5 et 7) or ""Jacques Bonsergent"" (Line 5). 10 minutes walk from subway station ""République"" (Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11)."	"Lovely, luminous and quiet apartment with a view on the roofs of Paris. Right next to Canal St-Martin, you can enjoy the Parisian neighborhood life: shopping, restaurants, bars... However thanks to its central location, you can easily enjoy the rest of Paris by foot, by bike or by subway! Lovely, luminous and quiet apartment with a view on the roofs of Paris. Right next to Canal St-Martin, you can enjoy the Parisian neighborhood life: shopping, restaurants, bars... However thanks to its central location, you can easily enjoy the rest of Paris by foot, by bike or by subway! The sunlight when having your breakfast! The sparkling Eiffel Tower when sleeping in your bed! Lots of trendy places to shop, have diner and drinks! -------------------------- 5 minutes walk from subway station ""Gare de l'Est"" (Lines 4, 5 et 7) or ""Jacques Bonsergent"" (Line 5). 10 minutes walk from subway station ""République"" (Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). Lots of trendy places to shop, have diner and drinks! --------------"
8954	Beautiful, calm and typicaly parisian flat, in the center of Paris (métro République), near the Canal Saint Martin and The Marais. Perfect place to visit, shopping and live the city like Parisian do. Up to five persons, fully equipt.	Beautiful, calm and typicaly parisian flat, in the center of Paris (métro République), near the Canal Saint Martin and The Marais. Perfect place to visit, shopping and live the city like Parisian do. Up to five persons, fully equipt. Beautiful, calm and typicaly parisian flat, in the center of Paris (métro République), near the Canal Saint Martin and The Marais. Perfect place to visit, shopping and live the city like Parisian do. Up to five persons, fully equipt. Métro République We welcome the travellers and give them adresses on the neighborhood
8955		At the heart of one of the most charming district of Paris.  Vintage furnished flat from the 70s.  Exposed beams, fireplaces, wood floor. View on the park, thus no closed view.  Just a step from the Canal Saint Martin
8956	This guesthouse is located in central Paris, close to the Gare du Nord, that is directly connected with both airports (Orly and Roissy) and major stations. It is located in a quiet street, on the 4th floor (with elevator) of a typical Parisian building. Two rooms are open for rent.  The room Cezanne is spacious (over 15m2) and has a separate shower and a water ... It is furnished with a bed, queen-size 1.6 m X 2 m and has a small safe in order to go away quietly walking around town ! … more : Wifi, hearty breakfast and the welcome awaits you	This guesthouse is located in central Paris, close to the Gare du Nord, that is directly connected with both airports (Orly and Roissy) and major stations. It is located in a quiet street, on the 4th floor (with elevator) of a typical Parisian building. Two rooms are open for rent.  The room Cezanne is spacious (over 15m2) and has a separate shower and a water ... It is furnished with a bed, queen-size 1.6 m X 2 m and has a small safe in order to go away quietly walking around town ! … more : Wifi, hearty breakfast and the welcome awaits you
8957	Le logement donne directement sur le Canal Saint Martin, le dimanche et les jours fériés, le quartier est piéton et le stationnement est gratuit le mois d'août. Il est situé proche du centre de Paris, d'un parc	Lovely flat with a direct view on Saint Martin Canal 
8958	Situated in a quiet, private community on the Passage Delanos in the10th arr (very near the 9th arr). located on the 3rd floor without elevator this place is bright and quiet. Wifi  Large windows, good lighting, courtyard view, quiet. 344 square feet (32m2)  One bedroom completely furnished, kitchen well equipped and very functional open on the main room with large table and sofa making a small bed possible for 1 guest or for a kid  Located on the 3rd floor in a well-maintained building with security code entrances. No elevator.  Large bedroom has large bed, wall-to-wall wardrobe closet, antique mirror above decorative built-in marble fireplace, loveseat , and cable TV. Hardwood floors. small entry closet, and beautiful tile pavers floor. Long window draperies throughout. We furnish the linens.  bathroom with shower toilets and sink and washing machine, towels  the metro stop can be Gare du Nord direct to Roissy Charles de Gaulle or La Chapelle   you also have a bus stop front of the b	Situated in a quiet, private community on the Passage Delanos 18th century  1 bedroom apt completely furnished, kitchen equipped functional open on the main room sofa making small bed and large bedroom with large bed and  sofa and full bathroom  Situated in a quiet, private community on the Passage Delanos in the10th arr (very near the 9th arr). located on the 3rd floor without elevator this place is bright and quiet. Wifi  Large windows, good lighting, courtyard view, quiet. 344 square feet (32m2)  One bedroom completely furnished, kitchen well equipped and very functional open on the main room with large table and sofa making a small bed possible for 1 guest or for a kid  Located on the 3rd floor in a well-maintained building with security code entrances. No elevator.  Large bedroom has large bed, wall-to-wall wardrobe closet, antique mirror above decorative built-in marble fireplace, loveseat , and cable TV. Hardwood floors. small entry closet, and beautiful tile pavers floor. Long 
8959	There are 3 bedrooms: one small master bedroom with a double bed (160cm wide) and two kids' bedrooms (one of which with an elevated bed). In total, there is 1 double bed and 3 single beds. The bathroom has a full size bathtub and 2 sinks; the kitchen is fully open and integrated in the dining room.	Our familial apartment is located on the 4th floor (no elevator!) of a typically Parisian building. It has 3 bedrooms and a large living room/dining room/kitchen area that makes for a very pleasant living space. It was fully renovated in 2013. There are 3 bedrooms: one small master bedroom with a double bed (160cm wide) and two kids' bedrooms (one of which with an elevated bed). In total, there is 1 double bed and 3 single beds. The bathroom has a full size bathtub and 2 sinks; the kitchen is fully open and integrated in the dining room. We will not be in town during your stay, but reachable by phone/email. Ours is a very mixed area. African hair salons are right downstairs, an alley of Indian restaurants is close by, as well as Turkish and Chinese supermarkets. But we are also in the heart of one of Paris' most up-and-coming and rapidly gentrifying neighborhoods, a hub for startups, design, architecture and advertising industries, with trendy restaurants and bars just around the corne
8960	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre, lumineux et calme. Il y a une chambre pour adultes et une chambre pouvant accueillir un enfant en bas âge (lit à barreaux).  Vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin puisque nous avons la chance d'y vivre !	Très joli 3 pièces de 65 m² à deux pas du Canal St Martin et de sa douceur de vivre ! Très calme, il est idéal pour accueillir un couple ou une petite famille.  We speak English and Italian. L'appartement est très agréable à vivre, lumineux et calme. Il y a une chambre pour adultes et une chambre pouvant accueillir un enfant en bas âge (lit à barreaux).  Vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin puisque nous avons la chance d'y vivre ! L'appartement est idéalement situé à deux pas du Canal, 15 minutes à pied de République et des Buttes Chaumont.  Vous pouvez me poser toutes les questions que vous souhaitez. J'ai par le passé loué un autre appartement et je me rends aussi disponible que possible. Nous voyageons également régulièrement via Airbnb. Le quartier est top avec des petits commerces tout à côté (la boulangerie en face de l'appart!). En descendant vers le Canal vous trouverez pleins de petites boutiques de créateurs ouvertes aussi le dimanche ! Le ménage est en option si vous
8961	L’appartement a une chambre séparée avec un grand lit double (200X160) et le canapé convertible peut accueillir une à 2 personnes supplémentaires. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave vaisselle, micro onde grill et plaques à induction. L’ensemble a été réalisé avec soin. Vous trouverez aussi de nombreux commerces de proximité ( boulangerie, épicerie ...) il y a un ascenseur.	Ancien studio photo récemment transformé en appartement de 50m2 “, au 2em étage avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, une chambre, salon, cuisine, douche à l'italienne. C’est un endroit calme et lumineux situé dans une voie privée “La Cité Paradis”. L’appartement a une chambre séparée avec un grand lit double (200X160) et le canapé convertible peut accueillir une à 2 personnes supplémentaires. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave vaisselle, micro onde grill et plaques à induction. L’ensemble a été réalisé avec soin. Vous trouverez aussi de nombreux commerces de proximité ( boulangerie, épicerie ...) il y a un ascenseur. La literie est fournie ainsi que le linge de toilette Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir, et si je ne suis pas disponible c'est Fleur qui vous recevra. Idéalement situé à proximité des gares de l’Est et du Nord , à 10mn des “Grands Boulevards” et 20mn à pieds des “Grands magasins “ : Printemps et  Galeries Lafayette. Vous y trouverez une grande variété de 
8962	This beautiful apartment of 120 m2 with a vast terrace (17m2) combines with perfection the modern one and the old one. Located in a building of the 18th century on the 2nd floor (with ascencor), it is composed of a vast stay of 55 m2 with American kitchen and three independent rooms including one with sight on the terrace. This apartment was renovated in September 2008 in a loft spirit while preserving the charm of old (mouldings, turn of doors…). In the historic heart of Paris, in a very quiet street, nearby the Grands boulevards, the Louvres, the Lafayette galeries, the Tuileries and the national opera, our neighbourhood is very nice, and will satisfy everybody : museums, theatres, french markets, indian district, shopping, restaurants, parc, famous places... We are just 15 or 20 minutes away by foot from Pigalle, Montorgueil, Montmartre, another great parts of the city. It is a very safe place. Of course, we will let you know where to go or not in Paris !! 	This beautiful apartment of 120 m2 with a vast terrace (17m2) combines with perfection the modern one and the old one. Located in a building of the 18th century on the 2nd floor (with ascencor), it is composed of a vast stay of 55 m2 with American kitchen and three independent rooms including one with sight on the terrace. This apartment was renovated in September 2008 in a loft spirit while preserving the charm of old (mouldings, turn of doors…). In the historic heart of Paris, in a very quiet street, nearby the Grands boulevards, the Louvres, the Lafayette galeries, the Tuileries and the national opera, our neighbourhood is very nice, and will satisfy everybody : museums, theatres, french markets, indian district, shopping, restaurants, parc, famous places... We are just 15 or 20 minutes away by foot from Pigalle, Montorgueil, Montmartre, another great parts of the city. It is a very safe place. Of course, we will let you know where to go or not in Paris !! 
8963	Hi everybody !! The location :  In the north Paris closed to Montmartre, and a very good place to move all around Paris. I sublet my room for 47€/night (10€ more for 2 people) in my 160 square meters flat where 4 wonderful and open-minded roommates live (including me, but I'am absent when you will come). They'll be able to sort you out and advice you on where to go. No prejudice againt the flatshare, we are between 24 and 30 years old, the flat is clean in a typical parisian style (Hausmann). My room is perfect for one or two: spacious, plenty of storage, balcony, and the flat has a shared bathroom with shower and bath! (15m2 approx.) The living-room (25m2 approx.), the kitchen (12m2) are opened to you. As we say in French, in our place, your are in your place, if you respect the tranquility of others. If you like biking, there is also 5 bike station near to my place. It is a good transport to discover Paris. If needed I can tell you where to go by bike, and how to. The flat is with al	Hi ! This is a large room in a high ceiling Haussmanian flat on the second floor of a 19th century building, with lift, located at 5mn walk from Montmartre / Pigalle and one minute to Gare Du Nord station, where you have access to transports Hi everybody !! The location :  In the north Paris closed to Montmartre, and a very good place to move all around Paris. I sublet my room for 47€/night (10€ more for 2 people) in my 160 square meters flat where 4 wonderful and open-minded roommates live (including me, but I'am absent when you will come). They'll be able to sort you out and advice you on where to go. No prejudice againt the flatshare, we are between 24 and 30 years old, the flat is clean in a typical parisian style (Hausmann). My room is perfect for one or two: spacious, plenty of storage, balcony, and the flat has a shared bathroom with shower and bath! (15m2 approx.) The living-room (25m2 approx.), the kitchen (12m2) are opened to you. As we say in French, in our place, your are i
8964	Cozy apartment in the center of Paris (25 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, 300 meters from Gare de l'Est). Bright, quiet, comfortable, well appointed especially suitable for couples or group of 3 friends max. Excellent location. Code. No elevator - 3rd Floor Bedroom with double bed Living room with sofa bed Kitchen to the living room. Hob / Oven / Kettle / Toaster / Nespresso. Bathroom with tub / sink / toilet TV, Internet, washing machine, books and closet at your disposal. Discreet welcome. No smoking Close to many bars, restaurants, shops Canal (open on Sundays). Pedestrian area at the weekend. Supermarket / Fruits and vegetables / Bakery etc 3min Park 5 min cinema 10 min Metro Gare de l'Est (lines 4,5,7) and close to Colonel Fabien / Jaurès. 10 minutes from Place de la République. A good compromise for a successful stay in Paris :)	Cozy apartment in the center of Paris (25 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, 300 meters from Gare de l'Est). Bright, quiet, comfortable, well appointed especially suitable for couples or group of 3 friends max. Excellent location. Code. No elevator - 3rd Floor Bedroom with double bed Living room with sofa bed Kitchen to the living room. Hob / Oven / Kettle / Toaster / Nespresso. Bathroom with tub / sink / toilet TV, Internet, washing machine, books and closet at your disposal. Discreet welcome. No smoking Close to many bars, restaurants, shops Canal (open on Sundays). Pedestrian area at the weekend. Supermarket / Fruits and vegetables / Bakery etc 3min Park 5 min cinema 10 min Metro Gare de l'Est (lines 4,5,7) and close to Colonel Fabien / Jaurès. 10 minutes from Place de la République. A good compromise for a successful stay in Paris :)
8965	In a central and lively neighborhood, it is the perfect location to discover Paris! You will be staying in the livingroom that I changed into a comfortable studio with a sleeping area (double bed) and living room area (sofa + TV). The room is about 25 m², is very bright and has a direct access to the large balcony (south exposition). 	In a beautiful apartment located in a secured and quiet residence, I propose you a comfortable and large room with direct access on a balcony where you can eat and enjoy drinks after long days of exploration.
8966	"The appartment measures 70 square metres (800 sq ft). We are happy to share all kind of information with our guests regarding their stay in Paris.  Gare du Nord is also an animated part of Paris, with a traditional marché (marché Saint Quentin), brasseries. If you're falling for Indian food, you'll be happy to find the best restaurants right around the corner.  Gare du Nord is an ideal starting point to visit Paris and its surroundings : - Walking distance to Canal Saint Martin - Metro and RER lines connecting directly to Bastille, Chatelet, Saint Michel Notre Dame, Opera, Saint Germain Coffee, tea and basic cooking ingrediens are at the guests disposal.  Guest are welcome to use: - the living room (sofa, dining table, 37"" flat screen TV, stereo)  -the fully equiped kitchen (with everything needed to cook)  -the bathroom -Free high speed wifi Gare du Nord is an ideal starting point to visit Paris and its surroundings : - Walking distance to Canal Saint Martin - Metro and RER lines conn"	"Hi! We offer you a room in our newly renovated Parisian apartment. Located close to all major attractions: 1 train stop to Opera & Centre Pompidou, 2 Metro stops to Montmartre, and direct train connections from both Paris airports.    The appartment measures 70 square metres (800 sq ft). We are happy to share all kind of information with our guests regarding their stay in Paris.  Gare du Nord is also an animated part of Paris, with a traditional marché (marché Saint Quentin), brasseries. If you're falling for Indian food, you'll be happy to find the best restaurants right around the corner.  Gare du Nord is an ideal starting point to visit Paris and its surroundings : - Walking distance to Canal Saint Martin - Metro and RER lines connecting directly to Bastille, Chatelet, Saint Michel Notre Dame, Opera, Saint Germain Coffee, tea and basic cooking ingrediens are at the guests disposal.  Guest are welcome to use: - the living room (sofa, dining table, 37"" flat screen TV, stereo)  -the fu"
8967	Très beau studio sous les toits tout près du Canal Saint-Martin, quartier typique et très chaleureux.  Un p'tit nid romantique! La cuisine est bien équipée et sa situation permet d'aller rapidement aussi bien dans le centre de Paris qu'aux aéroports. Il est perché sous les toits parisiens avec une vue dégagée, sans vis-à-vis, au sixième étage avec ascenseur. Le quartier est très chaleureux, avec de nombreux bars et restaurants dans les rues alentour ou au bord du canal. La cuisine est toute équipée, vous y trouverez un réfrigérateur, des plaques de cuisson, un four, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un grille-pain. Le coin salle de bain se compose d’une douche,d’un lavabo et de WC séparé derrière la porte blanche sur les photos. Côté chambre, vous trouverez un bureau avec connexion internet wifi ainsi qu’un station d’accueil pour ipod radio-réveil, un vrai lit deux places et des livres. Quatre stations de métro desservent l’appartement : -Gare de l’Est (4,5,7) -Château d’eau (4) -Jacques 	Très beau studio sous les toits tout près du Canal Saint-Martin, quartier typique et très chaleureux.  Un p'tit nid romantique! La cuisine est bien équipée et sa situation permet d'aller rapidement aussi bien dans le centre de Paris qu'aux aéroports. Il est perché sous les toits parisiens avec une vue dégagée, sans vis-à-vis, au sixième étage avec ascenseur. Le quartier est très chaleureux, avec de nombreux bars et restaurants dans les rues alentour ou au bord du canal. La cuisine est toute équipée, vous y trouverez un réfrigérateur, des plaques de cuisson, un four, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un grille-pain. Le coin salle de bain se compose d’une douche,d’un lavabo et de WC séparé derrière la porte blanche sur les photos. Côté chambre, vous trouverez un bureau avec connexion internet wifi ainsi qu’un station d’accueil pour ipod radio-réveil, un vrai lit deux places et des livres. Quatre stations de métro desservent l’appartement : -Gare de l’Est (4,5,7) -Château d’eau (4) -Jacques 
8968	Very nice apartment for 2 people, it is quiet and bright, it has a double exposure , the sun is in the room and the bathroom in the morning on the terrace bitter lunch and dinner where you will enjoy taking a drink or dine quietly .	"I rent my apartment , large 2 rooms of 58 m2 quiet well equipped between the Republic Square and st martin canal, with a furnished garden terrace . Enjoy the good as well as the brightness of the place. Very nice apartment for 2 people, it is quiet and bright, it has a double exposure , the sun is in the room and the bathroom in the morning on the terrace bitter lunch and dinner where you will enjoy taking a drink or dine quietly . The kitchen is well equipped, dishwasher, coffee maker , blender and of course electric plates and oven. For the breakfast: coffee ""nespresso"", tea, hot chocolate with jam, honey etc... Comfortable bed 160/200 Cable TV , wi-fi , DVD player, hi fi .  Check in and check out time flexible . I try as much as possible to receive my guests , I am at your disposal for any information on Paris. Very nice area , instead of the republic has been recently restored with more space for pedestrians , St Martin Canal is at the end of the street with North hotel near the be"
8969	Mon logement est unique, parce que il est renove et bien equipe avec les electromenagers neuf (induction, four, refrigerateur...). Style contemporain, minimaliste. Il y a la place pour 2 personnes.	Joli petit appartement refait à neuf dans le dixième arr. de Paris, à côté du métro Colonel Fabien et Belleville. Ligne 2 et 11,15 minutes de l'Hotel de Ville. Refait à neuf, meublé, style design, clair, côté cour, au deuxième étage, libre de suite. Mon logement est unique, parce que il est renove et bien equipe avec les electromenagers neuf (induction, four, refrigerateur...). Style contemporain, minimaliste. Il y a la place pour 2 personnes. Les voyageurs auront l'acces a  tout : ameublement, l'internet, pas d'interdictions prevues. Je ne serai pas présent dans le logement pendant le séjour de mes voyageurs. Je transmets les clefs et reste joignable par telephone et par mail. Le logement est situe pas loin de parc de Butte de Chaumont, parc de Belleville, et du canal Saint Martin. Situe sur le boulevard arbore, l'endroit est buccolique. En 10 minutes on accede a Montmartre et en 15 minutes  l'Hotel de Ville. L'appartement est pas loin de la Gare du Nord (La Chapelle) et Gare de l'Est
8970	Rent studio 26m2, brightened up on garden, in quiet residence, without face to face. Bathroom, kitchen, washing machine, internet. Tourist district of the Canal Saint Martin, close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Republique. Near subways (Colonel Fabien, Goncourt, Jacques Bonsergent) and bus (lines 75, 46, 65) musical bars, festive atmosphere. Heterogeneous district, at the same time bohemian, smart and popular. Perfect for lovers...	Rent studio 26m2, brightened up on garden, in quiet residence, without face to face. Bathroom, kitchen, washing machine, internet. Tourist district of the Canal Saint Martin, close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Republique. Near subways (Colonel Fabien, Goncourt, Jacques Bonsergent) and bus (lines 75, 46, 65) musical bars, festive atmosphere. Heterogeneous district, at the same time bohemian, smart and popular. Perfect for lovers...
8971	Logement tout équipé, idéal pour les couples.  Cuisine et salle de bain privatives. Quartier dynamique avec petite place et commerces à proximité. Le logement est situé à 5 minutes du Canal Saint Martin. C'est un point de rencontre pour les jeunes surtout en été. Vous pouvez vous asseoir le long du canal avec une bouteille de vin et du fromage. Il y a beaucoup de restaurants, cafés, bars, supermarchés. La rue est cependant très calme et bien éclairé la nuit.  A 10 minutes à pied, vous pouvez également vous rendre au parc des Buttes de Chaumont, idéal pour pique niquer Métro Colonel Fabien ligne 2 Métro Belleville ligne 11 Possibilité de prendre des vélos à Station Vélib situé dans la rue. Vous pouvez trouver des places de parking. Serviettes de toilette et linge de lit sont fournis. Tout équipé et salle de bain privative. Quartier dynamique et commerces à proximité Le Canal Saint Martin est un point de rencontre pour les jeunes surtout en été. Vous pouvez vous asseoir le long du canal 	Studio agréable et calme situé à proximité du Canal St Martin.Logement tout équipé, idéal pour les couples. Quartier sympa à proximité des métros Belleville et Colonel Fabien (5 min à pied). Accès rapide jusque Hôtel de Ville ou Champs  Élysées Logement tout équipé, idéal pour les couples.  Cuisine et salle de bain privatives. Quartier dynamique avec petite place et commerces à proximité. Le logement est situé à 5 minutes du Canal Saint Martin. C'est un point de rencontre pour les jeunes surtout en été. Vous pouvez vous asseoir le long du canal avec une bouteille de vin et du fromage. Il y a beaucoup de restaurants, cafés, bars, supermarchés. La rue est cependant très calme et bien éclairé la nuit.  A 10 minutes à pied, vous pouvez également vous rendre au parc des Buttes de Chaumont, idéal pour pique niquer Métro Colonel Fabien ligne 2 Métro Belleville ligne 11 Possibilité de prendre des vélos à Station Vélib situé dans la rue. Vous pouvez trouver des places de parking. Serviettes de 
8972	At the 6th floor this 30m2 apartment has a wonderful clear view on Paris rooftops. The space under the roof slope and the opened kitchen on the living-room provide a real spacious sensation. Completely refurbished in 2011, this apartment is made for 4 people. The sofa bed is a high quality one made for a daily usage. The bathroom is open on the bedroom, the slatted bed has a mattress in latex. The water-closet are separated. For your convenience in all seasons, this apartment is air-conditioned.	Fantastic appartment at 6th floor with a view on the Paris roofs. At the 6th floor this 30m2 apartment has a wonderful clear view on Paris rooftops. The space under the roof slope and the opened kitchen on the living-room provide a real spacious sensation. Completely refurbished in 2011, this apartment is made for 4 people. The sofa bed is a high quality one made for a daily usage. The bathroom is open on the bedroom, the slatted bed has a mattress in latex. The water-closet are separated. For your convenience in all seasons, this apartment is air-conditioned. We are living in the building and will be available to help you. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, apartements are close to centers of interest like the canal Saint Martin or the Pompidou centre. They are really reachable with many common transports and the train stations : gare du Nord and gare de l'Est. We refurbished these apartments taking care of the modern comfort and respect of the typical Parisian style. Household li
8973		Un petit nid au cœur de Paris. Mon appartement est situé au croisement de plusieurs arrondissements.. Très pratique pour se déplacer. Situé au 2ème Etg, cet espace peut accueillir 2 personnes et possède un certain charme avec parquet et cheminée! Proches de tout commerces, à 2 min du métro République. Métro lignes 3 / 5 / 8 / 9 / 11. J'ai un petit ballon d'eau chaude. Vous ne pourrez donc pas y passer une éternité.. surtout à deux. ^^
8974		Charming quiet room in the heart of Paris Apartment of 150 m2; large equipped private room I live with 4 lovely roomates, all 26/27 years old 10/15 min (by metro/bike) from the main turistic spots, directly connected with airports and train statio
8975	Spacieux loft en duplex de 110m2 à Paris 10ème, sur cour, très clair, aucun bruit et très calme.Dans le quartier du Canal St Martin  L’APPARTEMENT :Situé aux 2ème et 3ème (et dernier) étage d’un bâtiment industriel des années 20.  3m20 de hauteur de plafond.        - 1er niveau :  entrée, WC, grande pièce à vivre (50m2) avec une cuisine dînatoire.        - 2ème niveau : 3 chambres, 1 salle de bain et 1 WC séparé.  1 chambre avec 1 lit double,  2 autres chambres avec 1 lit simple (dont un lit qui se tire avec un autre lit.Possible de rajouter un lit simple dans une chambre. Possibilité d'equipement bébé (lit, chaise haute) L'appartement est idéal pour un couple avec 2 ou 3 enfants, selon les aménagements, il peut aussi accueillir un bébé, (l'escalier est sécurisé par des barrières) ou uniquement des adultes. L'appartement est très calme (sur cour), on y dort très bien. Il est aussi très ensoleillé (exposition Sud).Wifi illimité gratuit. Cuisine équipée, machine à laver le linge, vaissel	110 m2  plein sud sur cour au calme, dernier étage. Quartier Canal St Martin  3 chambres, 2 WC, salle de bain, cuisine salon de 50m2. A côté de rue avec tous les commerces, métro et bus. Spacieux loft en duplex de 110m2 à Paris 10ème, sur cour, très clair, aucun bruit et très calme.Dans le quartier du Canal St Martin  L’APPARTEMENT :Situé aux 2ème et 3ème (et dernier) étage d’un bâtiment industriel des années 20.  3m20 de hauteur de plafond.        - 1er niveau :  entrée, WC, grande pièce à vivre (50m2) avec une cuisine dînatoire.        - 2ème niveau : 3 chambres, 1 salle de bain et 1 WC séparé.  1 chambre avec 1 lit double,  2 autres chambres avec 1 lit simple (dont un lit qui se tire avec un autre lit.Possible de rajouter un lit simple dans une chambre. Possibilité d'equipement bébé (lit, chaise haute) L'appartement est idéal pour un couple avec 2 ou 3 enfants, selon les aménagements, il peut aussi accueillir un bébé, (l'escalier est sécurisé par des barrières) ou uniquement des adu
8976	Mon appartement est un charmant 2 pièces de 40m², situé à quelques mètres du Canal Saint Martin. Il est très calme, toutes les pièces donnent sur une cour.  Il est constitué d'une belle chambre avec un lit double et un bureau, un salon très agréable et cosy. Une banquette peut accueillir une personne pour y dormir. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Ma salle de bain est petite, très petite! Mais ultra confortable, dotée d'une douche multi jet. L'appartement est  disponible pour 3 personnes. Je vous laisse profiter de tous les produits de base si vous souhaitez cuisiner. Des confitures et miel sont à votre disposition, ainsi que des boissons fraiches (von, bieres, jus, eau gazeuse ...)  Je répondrai à toutes vos questions.  Ecrivez moi !	I love my aera. I sure your would love it too! Perfect in the springtime and summer. My flat has 2 rooms. You can be 1, 2 or 3 guests. It's a really nice place!
8977	This is a 2 Bedroom Flat, in the heart of one of the most trendy 	Typical full of charm apartment, 100m away for the famous canal Saint Martin. Ideal for 4 people, with two real bedroom, with kingsize 140cm beds. Newly refurbish kitchen. Amazing area close to all the nicest restaurants and typical shops.  This is a 2 Bedroom Flat, in the heart of one of the most trendy 
8978	30M2, calm, lots of light, neat canal St-martin and place de la Republique. One living room and one bedroom at the last floor of a charming and typicall parisian building. All cumfort: wi-fee, washing-machine, bathroom,TV, Music. Perfect for one person or a couple.	30 M2 calm and quiet appartment.  30M2, calm, lots of light, neat canal St-martin and place de la Republique. One living room and one bedroom at the last floor of a charming and typicall parisian building. All cumfort: wi-fee, washing-machine, bathroom,TV, Music. Perfect for one person or a couple. I personnally welcome the guests. at the border of chinese and hipsters neighborhood. Lots of restaurant, supermarket, shops. calm and attractive. verry near of everything: canal st-martin, Place de la Republique, parc of Buttes Chaumont. if the subway, at five minutes of Châtelet, Quartier Latin. 10 minutes of the Louvre.
8979	This bright 50-m2 one-bedroom apartment for 4 people in Paris is located on the 8th floor of a building dating back to the 60’s with elevator in the 10th arrondissement. The area is one of the best served of the city, since metro station Colonel Fabiet (email hidden) and line M5, M7, M11 and M2 stop close by; moreover, railways station Château-Landon‎ is within easy reach.  The apartment opens up onto a small corridor leading to an anteroom with a spacious built-in closet where the fully equipped kitchen is located. The door on the right leads into the living room, with large windows offering a breathtaking panorama of the city: just relax on the sofa and take a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower or the Sacrèe Coeur. The living room features two single sofa beds, a round coffee table, a wooden consolle with TV and a large dining table for 4 people; the room is further embellished by three beautiful lamps by Fontana Arte.  The night area consists of a lovely bathroom fitted with bath tub, wash	Bright 1 bedroom accommodation with view, located on the 8th floor of a building dating back to the ‘60s (with elevator), few steps from Canal Saint Martin, in the 10th arrondissement. This bright 50-m2 one-bedroom apartment for 4 people in Paris is located on the 8th floor of a building dating back to the 60’s with elevator in the 10th arrondissement. The area is one of the best served of the city, since metro station Colonel Fabiet (email hidden) and line M5, M7, M11 and M2 stop close by; moreover, railways station Château-Landon‎ is within easy reach.  The apartment opens up onto a small corridor leading to an anteroom with a spacious built-in closet where the fully equipped kitchen is located. The door on the right leads into the living room, with large windows offering a breathtaking panorama of the city: just relax on the sofa and take a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower or the Sacrèe Coeur. The living room features two single sofa beds, a round coffee table, a wooden consolle with TV 
8980	Once in the house enter into the entrance with the sweeping staircase and open plan kitchen and living room.  The dining table can accomodate 6 or more. Step downstairs to reach the Chill out room which can be used to accomodate one person on the single bed or can be used as a TV watching room or office.  It has a wc and a sink. Please note that the stairs are very old stone stairs that are narrow and quite steep at times - for this reason we cannot offer the house to kids under 6 or seniors with walking difficulties.  Bedroom 1 is upstairs it has a wonderful light coming in from the 2 large windows which are flooded with sunlight.  There is a real walk-in closet set with wooden shelves.  A small desk space and commode. the double bed measures 140x200cm The Bathroom is on the first floor and has a Japanese slate bath and shower with overhead shower and shower hose.  The glass ceiling gives a good dose of wake-up light and illuminates the space.  You can take a bath too.  The lovely old	The countryside in Paris.  A 3 storey house set in a quiet garden courtyard with 3 bedrooms.  Located in the new more trendy than the Marais, Canal St Martin. Within walking distance to Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord this amazing house is more than a dream come true for anyone visiting Paris. Once in the house enter into the entrance with the sweeping staircase and open plan kitchen and living room.  The dining table can accomodate 6 or more. Step downstairs to reach the Chill out room which can be used to accomodate one person on the single bed or can be used as a TV watching room or office.  It has a wc and a sink. Please note that the stairs are very old stone stairs that are narrow and quite steep at times - for this reason we cannot offer the house to kids under 6 or seniors with walking difficulties.  Bedroom 1 is upstairs it has a wonderful light coming in from the 2 large windows which are flooded with sunlight.  There is a real walk-in closet set with wooden shelves.  A small 
8981	A 3 bedroom townhouse on 3 levels, situated at the end of a private and quiet street.  The house has a spacious living/dining room, with a fully equipped kitchen on the first floor. On the second floor, there is one room with a double bed, and another room with twin beds as well as a large shower and a separated toilet. On the last and third floor, you will find a master bedroom with a bathroom and separated toilet. The whole house has a sound system installed in all the main rooms that you can control from your mobile phone.  You can also enjoy your breakfast in the little garden in front of the house in the private alley.	Come and stay in a 143m2 luxurious house situated in Napoleons old stables.This renovated 3 bedroom house, is perfectly situated near République, the Canal St Martin, the park Buttes de Chaumont and the very popular Oberkampf bar area. A 3 bedroom townhouse on 3 levels, situated at the end of a private and quiet street.  The house has a spacious living/dining room, with a fully equipped kitchen on the first floor. On the second floor, there is one room with a double bed, and another room with twin beds as well as a large shower and a separated toilet. On the last and third floor, you will find a master bedroom with a bathroom and separated toilet. The whole house has a sound system installed in all the main rooms that you can control from your mobile phone.  You can also enjoy your breakfast in the little garden in front of the house in the private alley. You will have access to the whole house. Very lively neighbourhood, close to everything. Very near the Canal St Martin, place de la 
8982	This 1 bedroom apartment 484 sq. feet (45m2) includes a large living room with everything you need to feel at home and enjoy your stay (TV, audio equipment, internet…),  and a fully equipped kitchen. The bedroom is not on the street side, with a very confortable bed so a good night's sleep is guaranteed! The apartment is situated at the foot of Montmarte and the Sacré Cœur and is only a 10 minute walk away. Romantic cobble stone streets and lamp lit staircases will take you to the most wonderful views of Paris! Guests will be met personally and shown around the apartment. Any questions about the neighborhood and Paris will be answered with pleasure.	Bright apartment including a large living room, fully equipped kitchen and a cosy & very confortable bedroom. Enjoy this nice location (5 minutes walk from Montmartre and all the transportations for every touristic areas).  This 1 bedroom apartment 484 sq. feet (45m2) includes a large living room with everything you need to feel at home and enjoy your stay (TV, audio equipment, internet…),  and a fully equipped kitchen. The bedroom is not on the street side, with a very confortable bed so a good night's sleep is guaranteed! The apartment is situated at the foot of Montmarte and the Sacré Cœur and is only a 10 minute walk away. Romantic cobble stone streets and lamp lit staircases will take you to the most wonderful views of Paris! Guests will be met personally and shown around the apartment. Any questions about the neighborhood and Paris will be answered with pleasure. Guests will be met personally. This neighborhood, gives you the best of both worlds. You are close to the sights and w
8983	Donnant directement sur une large cour  arborée l'appartement complètement équipé vous offrira calme et  confort après une journée de visite ou de travail.  The apartment overlooks a lovely courtyard garden and offers all the tranquility you need after a day walking the busy streets or simply to relax after a hard day at work. La plupart des quartiers historiques (Marais, Bastille, quartier latin) sont accessible à pieds ou d'un court trajet en métro. La rue en elle même est remplie de restaurants, bars et commerces de bouche de grande qualité dans une atmosphère typiquement parisienne. Most areas of historical Paris are within walking distance. The street offers a wide choice of restaurant, cafes, fine food shops and bakeries for a very typical Parisian experience and atmosphere.	Donnant directement sur une large cour  arborée l'appartement complètement équipé vous offrira calme et  confort après une journée de visite ou de travail.  The apartment overlooks a lovely courtyard garden and offers all the tranquility you need after a day walking the busy streets or simply to relax after a hard day at work. La plupart des quartiers historiques (Marais, Bastille, quartier latin) sont accessible à pieds ou d'un court trajet en métro. La rue en elle même est remplie de restaurants, bars et commerces de bouche de grande qualité dans une atmosphère typiquement parisienne. Most areas of historical Paris are within walking distance. The street offers a wide choice of restaurant, cafes, fine food shops and bakeries for a very typical Parisian experience and atmosphere. situé entre les métro Strasbourg Saint-Denis et Château d'eau. Les gare du nord et de l'est sont accessible à pied Located between Strasbourg Saint-Denis and Château d'eau  métro stations. The apartment is al
8984	"The house has been fully renovated in 2012. DETAILS ---------- *   Sleeps comfortably 2 people (new queen size mattress) *   Terrace, with a view on our private courtyard *   Bathroom with japanese style bath *   Fully equipped kitchen, with washing machine  *   Trendy and safe neighborhood  *   4 doors (with 2 secured code) between street and you *   Amazingly quiet though situated in a very central location *   High-Speed Internet (ADSL, WiFi) connection Little house (27 sq meter) :  Living room with kitchen space (12 sq meter),  bed on the mezzanine (7 sq meter), bathroom (2 sq meter) and outside private little terrace (4 sq meter) EQUIPMENT- AMENITIES ---------------------------- All the comfort of home : * Living room with a club chair, a 2 seater sofa, a wardrobe and a chest of drawers * Real mattress bed ""queen size"" on the mezzanine * Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, toaster, kettle, microwave, vitro-cooker, eating utensils), washing machine, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, "	"150 feet from the trendy ""canal Saint-Martin"", in the heart of Paris...  ""little house in paris"" is in our courtyard, hidden at the end of a private alley...  Seated on the terrace, overlooking at our rose, bamboo and orange trees, you'll feel peaceful and relax as if staying in french countryside, while you'll stay right in the center of the city! The house has been fully renovated in 2012. DETAILS ---------- *   Sleeps comfortably 2 people (new queen size mattress) *   Terrace, with a view on our private courtyard *   Bathroom with japanese style bath *   Fully equipped kitchen, with washing machine  *   Trendy and safe neighborhood  *   4 doors (with 2 secured code) between street and you *   Amazingly quiet though situated in a very central location *   High-Speed Internet (ADSL, WiFi) connection Little house (27 sq meter) :  Living room with kitchen space (12 sq meter),  bed on the mezzanine (7 sq meter), bathroom (2 sq meter) and outside private little terrace (4 sq meter) EQUIPM"
8985	Spacious living room with a modern and equipped kitchen.  Possibility to use the sofa as an extra bed  3min from a subway station 10min to République a hub subway station  and main square of Paris.	Ideal for a lovers week in Paris, modern renovated flat in the ancient convent of St Louis hospital. 2 steps from St Martin Canal, nice and old quarter of Paris with its lively area with bars and restaurants. Spacious living room with a modern and equipped kitchen.  Possibility to use the sofa as an extra bed  3min from a subway station 10min to République a hub subway station  and main square of Paris. Beautiful quarter of Paris close to St Martin canal with its swing bridges and locks. Right downtown, easy access to transportation to reach every part of Paris. Lively area of Paris with bars and restaurant closeby. From the airport, easy access via public transport. Take RER B to Gare du Nord then change to subway line 5 for 2 stops. Métro Jacques Bonsergent is a few steps away from the flat.
8986	The apartment in the heart of the new chic and fancy area of Paris is paradoxically a true heaven, bright and cozy. The comfortable atmosphere with vintage touch allow you to feel at home. A real little gem in Paris. The bedding is a premium one and an iMac will be there to rock you with a selection of movie a web access. A bottle of wine will be waiting for your arrival and you will have everything you need for an enjoyable and delicious breakfast. Clean sheets and towels will be obviously available. We let the good addresses of the area that is constantly evolving and holds many places to discover. We will be pleased to receive you very soon.	Be at home in Paris in this typical and fancy appartment in the heart of the new chic area of Paris. Enjoy this calm and rest yourself with a glass of wine listening vintage music songs. We will be pleased to be receive you. Bests, Damien. The apartment in the heart of the new chic and fancy area of Paris is paradoxically a true heaven, bright and cozy. The comfortable atmosphere with vintage touch allow you to feel at home. A real little gem in Paris. The bedding is a premium one and an iMac will be there to rock you with a selection of movie a web access. A bottle of wine will be waiting for your arrival and you will have everything you need for an enjoyable and delicious breakfast. Clean sheets and towels will be obviously available. We let the good addresses of the area that is constantly evolving and holds many places to discover. We will be pleased to receive you very soon. You will find the flat easily and you will have direct access to 5 underground lines, Eurostar railway stat
8987	L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les grasses matinées sont possibles car l'immeuble est calme tout en étant dans un quartier où vous pourrez trouver rapidement un restaurant ou un bar.  Vous pourrez profiter de tous les équipements: machine à laver, internet, matelas confortable.	Nous mettons à votre disposition un studio chaleureux, très bien aménagé, avec un vrai lit et tout l'équipement nécessaire pour profiter de Paris. A 10min des Buttes Chaumont, à 5min du Canal Saint Martin , au cœur du quartier Sainte Marthe. L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Les grasses matinées sont possibles car l'immeuble est calme tout en étant dans un quartier où vous pourrez trouver rapidement un restaurant ou un bar.  Vous pourrez profiter de tous les équipements: machine à laver, internet, matelas confortable. Je serai disponible par téléphone ou par email durant tout votre séjour. L'appartement est situé au cœur du quartier Sainte Marthe, réputé pour sa convivialité. Les restaurateurs sont accueillants, les artisans toujours prêts à expliquer leur travail. Vous pourrez facilement vous détendre ou profiter des nombreux bars, restos et terrasses de l'arrondissement. Vous pouvez aussi facilement pique-niquer aux Buttes Chaumont ou au bord du Canal Saint Martin. Appartement
8988	Situé dans une des plus jolies cour du 10ème arrondissement, quartier branché et cosmopolite. La terrasse entoure l'appartement, toutes les pièces permettent d'y accéder par des baies vitrées.  Très calme, cette terrasse prolonge l'appartement, on peut y manger, s'y prélasser en profitant du soleil (pas si rare à Paris !)	"Lumineux appartement de 3 pièces avec grande terrasse arborée tout autour (5ème étage, avec ascenseur).  Grand salon et cuisine américaine équipée.  Deux grandes chambres avec grand lit. Situé dans une des plus jolie cour du 10ème. Situé dans une des plus jolies cour du 10ème arrondissement, quartier branché et cosmopolite. La terrasse entoure l'appartement, toutes les pièces permettent d'y accéder par des baies vitrées.  Très calme, cette terrasse prolonge l'appartement, on peut y manger, s'y prélasser en profitant du soleil (pas si rare à Paris !) Proche Canal Saint-Martin, Grands Boulevards et quartier du Marais. 3 lignes de métro : 4, 9, et 8 et La Gare du Nord est à 10mn à pied. A vélib, de nombreux sites touristiques sont accessibles : 10 mn pour aller au Louvre et le centre Pompidou, 15 mn Montmartre ou le jardin de la Villette... Je connais bien Paris et le quartier et peut donner des ""trucs"" pour apprécier la ville et rendre votre séjour plus agréable. Je ne serais pas présent"
8989	Fully equipped apartment with kitchen, bathroom with tub, small peaceful terrace with sun from mid-afternoon. Located in the heart of Paris, 50 meters from the Canal St. Martin and in a trendy and lively Paris. There are also many restaurants in the area as well as food shops and shop open daily. Close to the Republique Metro station that takes you everywhere in Paris The apartment is new, very bright and calm.	Fully equipped apartment with kitchen, bathroom with tub, small peaceful terrace with sun from mid-afternoon. Located in the heart of Paris, 50 meters from the Canal St. Martin and in a trendy and lively Paris. There are also many restaurants in the area as well as food shops and shop open daily. Close to the Republique Metro station that takes you everywhere in Paris The apartment is new, very bright and calm.
8990	Appartement au 2ème étage, récent et lumineux. Possibilité d'accueillir un voyageur supplémentaire avec la canapé dans le salon.	Appartement deux pièces de 30m2 refait à neuf. Peut loger 2 personnes et est très central, dans une rue calme à deux pas du Canal St Martin. Chambre avec lit 2 places, salle de bain avec douche, wc, salon avec cuisine américaine et canapé lit.       Appartement au 2ème étage, récent et lumineux. Possibilité d'accueillir un voyageur supplémentaire avec la canapé dans le salon. Métro :  République : L3, L5, L8, L9 et L11 Jaques Bonsergent : L5 Colonel Fabien : L2
8991	Located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building, the studio is 36 m2, perfect for a couple. The couch also unfolds to sleep an extra person.  Plenty of architecture books to read and jazz CDs for when you decide to stay in. There's even a piano! 	Bright, modern studio designed by the architect owner, located a few steps from the Canal.  The studio overlooks a calm cobblestone courtyard with lots of greenery, and is next door to a buddhist center.  Located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building, the studio is 36 m2, perfect for a couple. The couch also unfolds to sleep an extra person.  Plenty of architecture books to read and jazz CDs for when you decide to stay in. There's even a piano! Marion will welcome you when you arrive and explain to you all the little things. We will be happy to answer any questions or give some tips on the neighborhood, but be sure that we will leave you in peace to make your own experience of Paris :) Canal St. Martin is the place to be! Plenty of boutiques, coffee shops and bars in the area but also perfect for strolling or having a picinic on the banks of the canal. You can also walk up to Place Stalingrad for a drink or a movie, or enjoy the green at the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, both 10-
8992	loft en Duplex Petit jardin de bambou 	Jolie atelier 4 m sous plafond, en duplex avec une grande chambre. Plein centre de Paris dans le quartier bobo du canal St martin, à 10 mn à pied du marais. Kute loft in the heart of Paris, little bambo garden Long location 1 month or 2 months, loft en Duplex Petit jardin de bambou
8993	The apartment is self catering and fully furnished. It is located in the 10th arrondissement, just steps from wonderful Canal St. Martin, which is closed to all vehicles on the sunday and holiday. The apartment is perfect for a single person or a couple,. We offer you a 3rd floor bright apartment, located in a very calm inner courtyard. The street, rue du Faubourg Saint Martin, is one of the more dynamic of the neighbourhood : bakeries, post-office, police station, supermarkets, cheese and biological products shops, all sorts of international restaurants, dry-cleaners, bars, bookstores, art galleries, independent fashion designers, 10 minute walk from the theater MK2 (10 cinema screens). The neighbourhood is closed to all vehicle circulation on the weekends, which is the best guarantee for bucolic expériences. Apartment located less than 20 minutes away from downtown in bus, metro or public bike: Saint Michel, Louvre, Bastille, Montmartre, le Marais, Centre Pompidou, Buttes Chaumont, e	This 2 rooms apartment is self catering, fully furnished and located just a step from wonderful Canal St. Martin. The apartment is perfect for a couple, or a couple + a child. And it's a very calm place in the heart of Paris ! The apartment is self catering and fully furnished. It is located in the 10th arrondissement, just steps from wonderful Canal St. Martin, which is closed to all vehicles on the sunday and holiday. The apartment is perfect for a single person or a couple,. We offer you a 3rd floor bright apartment, located in a very calm inner courtyard. The street, rue du Faubourg Saint Martin, is one of the more dynamic of the neighbourhood : bakeries, post-office, police station, supermarkets, cheese and biological products shops, all sorts of international restaurants, dry-cleaners, bars, bookstores, art galleries, independent fashion designers, 10 minute walk from the theater MK2 (10 cinema screens). The neighbourhood is closed to all vehicle circulation on the weekends, whic
8994	Apartment of 25 m2 at the foot of the subway Goncourt, and has 5 minutes stands of the Saint Martin canal, the pubs(ads,advertising), the restaurants, and trade. Place in 3 floor on court(yard), in the peace.  Bright apartment, composes d a cooking(kitchen), a room of shower with shower, and dress(toilet), machine has to wash. Separation for the corner(place) harms. Lounge(Show) equips with armchairs Fully-equipped kitchen, corner(place) harms with a single bed. Possibility two. Subway: line 11 Bus: 75 Possible WiFi connection only by wifi  	Apartment of 25 m2 at the foot of the subway Goncourt, and has 5 minutes stands of the Saint Martin canal, the pubs(ads,advertising), the restaurants, and trade. Place in 3 floor on court(yard), in the peace.  Bright apartment, composes d a cooking(kitchen), a room of shower with shower, and dress(toilet), machine has to wash. Separation for the corner(place) harms. Lounge(Show) equips with armchairs Fully-equipped kitchen, corner(place) harms with a single bed. Possibility two. Subway: line 11 Bus: 75 Possible WiFi connection only by wifi  
8995	Great view on the canal Saint-Martin, very rare! And a fireplace in the living room: you may use it!	"Nice and cosy Parisian-style 1 bedroom appartment, in one of the most hype areas of Paris. Stunning view on the canal Saint-Martin. And a fireplace that you may use as much as you want! One large bedroom (double bed) + a sofa bed in the living room Great view on the canal Saint-Martin, very rare! And a fireplace in the living room: you may use it! One of the best areas for living in Paris (canal Saint-Martin), ""Brooklyn style"", a cosy Parisian-style decoration. Very well served by public transport. ""A view"": rare in Paris! Saint Martin canal, tens of very nice restaurants,  trendy shops metro station: Gare de l'Est"
8996	The apartment is near Gare du Nord (ten minute walk), Montmartre, Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont. Our apartment, quiet very bright (not overlooked), is a beautiful apartment in a brick building 30 years (5th floor without elevator) in a quiet street. It was renovated in late 2011 by an architect and is very cozy. You enter the apartment through a hallway with a desk computer (at your disposal). The main room is a living-dining room with a table with four chairs, a sofa bed (sleeps 140-180, Bultex). you will find a flat screen HD TV 70 cm, a home theater, a dvd player and Apple TV as well as a library of books and dvds.   The room consists of a true 180x140 bed (mattress Dunlopillos, linen included) with bedside tables and a wardrobe. The kitchen, bright and clear, is functional and fully equipped (oven, fridge freezer, ceramic hob, dishwasher, food processor, toaster, Nespresso Machine, kettle ...).   The bathroom has a shower with two heads, a washing machine, a dryer and a hair 	L'appartement est à proximité de la Gare du Nord (dix minutes à pied) du quartier Montmartre, du Canal St Martin et des Buttes Chaumont. L'appartement est très bien desservi en transport en commun (métro, bus...). Draps et serviettes fournies The apartment is near Gare du Nord (ten minute walk), Montmartre, Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont. Our apartment, quiet very bright (not overlooked), is a beautiful apartment in a brick building 30 years (5th floor without elevator) in a quiet street. It was renovated in late 2011 by an architect and is very cozy. You enter the apartment through a hallway with a desk computer (at your disposal). The main room is a living-dining room with a table with four chairs, a sofa bed (sleeps 140-180, Bultex). you will find a flat screen HD TV 70 cm, a home theater, a dvd player and Apple TV as well as a library of books and dvds.   The room consists of a true 180x140 bed (mattress Dunlopillos, linen included) with bedside tables and a wardrobe. The kitc
8997	Big screen, linens, dishwasher. You will feel at home very quickly. Very bright, very spacious, ideal for a little rest.	Welcome Home ! This apartment with wide indoor spaces is ideally located near the East and North Station. Very nice area, St Martin Canal and the Seine are only two steps away. Large display, fully equipped, like at home. Big screen, linens, dishwasher. You will feel at home very quickly. Very bright, very spacious, ideal for a little rest. Two stations, more than 10 subway stations, ideal for visiting Paris. The famous Seine quays, the Canal St Martin, heart and the authentic charm of Paris at the bottom of the door ! Do not hesitate to contact me : I am happy to share with you my favorite places and share my favorite places in Paris. In this very young and dynamic area, you can drink beer before a game or you can picnic with family at the edge of docks.  Or you can just get come rest! Subway: - Very close stations: Stalingrad (2, 5 and 7) Louis Blanc (7) La Chapelle (2); Gare du Nord (4.5 RER B, D and E) and Gare de l'Est (4, 5, and 7). - Many bus lines to get anywhere from anywhere 
8998	Grande terrasse, sur le canal st martin quartier agréable et animé.	Appart lumineux de 2pièces, cuisine et sdb séparées. Grande terrasse. Situe ds le centre de paris. Idéal pour un séjour agréable. Wifi et tv. Grande terrasse, sur le canal st martin quartier agréable et animé. Metro à 1min à pied. Bus 1min.
8999	Large 2 bedroom flat between Opera and Montmartre. Ultra Quiet and bright. Typical parisian flat with cornices, wooden floors and fire place. Context : on court only, full of quietness, triple exposure, 5th floor, bathed with light. Apartment freshly renovated in April 2012. Fully furnished and very comfortable. 1 bed 160 x 200 1 sofa (bed convertible) 4 chairs 1 dining table Separate, fully equipped kitchen (combi oven + microwave, fridge, dish washer) Bathroom with italian shower Big flat screen with DVD player High speed internet (wifi) Sheets and towels provided for your stay, included in price Baby cot and toys Situation : 5 minute walk from Gare du Nord train station, 15 minute walk from sacré-coeur (Montmartre) and 15 minute on foot from Opera (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Haussmann...).  Check in time : from 4 pm to 9 pm. However you may leave your bags as early as 11 am while the cleaning lady is preparing the flat. Check out time : before 11 am. However you may leave your ba	Large 52sq meter flat, central paris, ultra quiet and full of light ! Newly refurbised. 5 min walking distance from Gare du nord (to CDG). 15 min walk from Montmartre, Moulin rouge, Opera and shopping : Printemps Haussmann and Galeries Lafayette. Large 2 bedroom flat between Opera and Montmartre. Ultra Quiet and bright. Typical parisian flat with cornices, wooden floors and fire place. Context : on court only, full of quietness, triple exposure, 5th floor, bathed with light. Apartment freshly renovated in April 2012. Fully furnished and very comfortable. 1 bed 160 x 200 1 sofa (bed convertible) 4 chairs 1 dining table Separate, fully equipped kitchen (combi oven + microwave, fridge, dish washer) Bathroom with italian shower Big flat screen with DVD player High speed internet (wifi) Sheets and towels provided for your stay, included in price Baby cot and toys Situation : 5 minute walk from Gare du Nord train station, 15 minute walk from sacré-coeur (Montmartre) and 15 minute on foot fro
