32400		Free from 14 to 30 August only. Beautiful Paris view. Pets not allowed. Small flat fully furnished. 50 m2. Baby bed & chair. Parking place at the bottom. Paris 18e (Porte de la chapelle & Marx Dormoy metro. Bus. Velib. Auto lib).
32401	Grand appartement composé d'un salon et d'une chambre séparés. L'appartement se situe dans le quartier de la goutte d'or à 5 min de Montmartre et du métro Barbès. La rue est calme la plupart du temps.	Grand appartement de 2 pièces à deux pas de Montmartre dans un quartier dynamique. Possibilité de couchage pour 4 personnes, coin cuisine, salle de bain, idéal pour couple avec enfants. Proche du métro Barbès, accès ligne 2 et ligne 4. Grand appartement composé d'un salon et d'une chambre séparés. L'appartement se situe dans le quartier de la goutte d'or à 5 min de Montmartre et du métro Barbès. La rue est calme la plupart du temps. Accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement y compris une cuisine équipée, une machine à laver, une connexion wifi. Draps et serviettes de bain fournies. Les voyageurs sont en parfaite indépendance pendant leur séjour. Je reste disponible par téléphone si besoin.
32402	The Sacré Coeur and Montmartre neighborhood are at 10 minutes walking, and you can be in the center of Paris in 10 minutes with the subway (lines 4 and 12 at 5 minutes walking from the flat). I would be pleased to welcome you and share with you my favorites places and tips!	The flat is situated at the highest floor, which makes it really luminous. It is fully furnished (TV, washing machine, oven etc.)     The Sacré Coeur and Montmartre neighborhood are at 10 minutes walking, and you can be in the center of Paris in 10 minutes with the subway (lines 4 and 12 at 5 minutes walking from the flat). I would be pleased to welcome you and share with you my favorites places and tips! All furniture in the flat Lines 4 or 12 of the subway (subway stations at 5 minutes walking) or bus 60 in the street of the flat.
32403	Beau deux pièces de 42 m2, pour deux personnes adultes maximum, entièrement refait à neuf en 2012, idéalement situé au 6e étage avec ascenseur, double exposition. Belle chambre calme, sur jardin,  exposée sud/sud-est,  sans vis-à-vis. Lit de 140cm. Linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Salle d’eau attenante (cloison modulable) avec très grande douche à l’italienne, grande glace, sèche-cheveux et lave-linge. Étendoir à linge, fer et table à repasser à disposition.  Salon avec vue dégagée sur petit stade verdoyant. Cuisine américaine toute équipée : machine à café SENSEO, grille-pain et bouilloire, micro-onde, four, plaques à induction, hotte, réfrigérateur et congélateur et détecteur de fumée. WC séparé avec lave main. Digicode plus interphone.	Refait à neuf en 2012 par un architecte d'intérieur au  6e étage avec ascenseur, double exposition traversant. Ensoleillé et calme. Tout équipé, draps et serviettes fournis.  Quartier très vivant et très bien desservi. L'idéal pour vos vacances. Beau deux pièces de 42 m2, pour deux personnes adultes maximum, entièrement refait à neuf en 2012, idéalement situé au 6e étage avec ascenseur, double exposition. Belle chambre calme, sur jardin,  exposée sud/sud-est,  sans vis-à-vis. Lit de 140cm. Linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Salle d’eau attenante (cloison modulable) avec très grande douche à l’italienne, grande glace, sèche-cheveux et lave-linge. Étendoir à linge, fer et table à repasser à disposition.  Salon avec vue dégagée sur petit stade verdoyant. Cuisine américaine toute équipée : machine à café SENSEO, grille-pain et bouilloire, micro-onde, four, plaques à induction, hotte, réfrigérateur et congélateur et détecteur de fumée. WC séparé avec lave main. Digicode plus interphone. Je
32404	Very close to Montmartre (15 mn walking or at a few stops with the subway), great room, calm, comfortable and brand new, in lively neighborhood. The subway, buses and bicycles are right down our building.  The room is big (13m²), very luminous and totally new. The bed is very comfortable (size 140 cm). There is a TV screen & a DVD player. There is a tiny balcony.	Very close to Montmartre (15 mn walking or 5 mn witht the subway), big bedroom in refurbished apartment, clean, cosy and comfortable. Ideally located in trendy neighborhood with subway, buses and bicycles at the foot of the building.  Very close to Montmartre (15 mn walking or at a few stops with the subway), great room, calm, comfortable and brand new, in lively neighborhood. The subway, buses and bicycles are right down our building.  The room is big (13m²), very luminous and totally new. The bed is very comfortable (size 140 cm). There is a TV screen & a DVD player. There is a tiny balcony. You have free access to the bathroom, the kitchen (space for you in the fridge) and the living room.   Towels, sheets, shampoo and shower gel are provided. Access to Wifi and telephone (illimited phone calls to landlines in Europe and some other countries) The neighborhood is lively with everything you need: restaurants, coffee shops, bakeries, supermarkets and a traditional market. Above all, it
32405	This flat is th perfect pied a terre for you for discovering and enjoying Paris and above all for visiting Montmartre:  les than 5 minutes walk to be at the sacré cœur! in thé flat, you Will find everything you need:  Dish washer, washing machine, microwave, nespresso, toast grill, electric katel... Internet with wifi. There is a room with two person bed, see on tne fotos!! A sofa where it s possible to sleep for one person... The neighborhood is quiet and pleasant ... 	This flat is th perfect pied a terre for you for discovering and enjoying Paris and above all for visiting Montmartre:  les than 5 minutes walk to be at the sacré cœur! in thé flat, you Will find everything you need:  Dish washer, washing machine, microwave, nespresso, toast grill, electric katel... Internet with wifi. There is a room with two person bed, see on tne fotos!! A sofa where it s possible to sleep for one person... The neighborhood is quiet and pleasant ... 
32406	Beautiful apartment typical for the Montmartre area with its authentic beams. Warm and convivial it is ideal for families or couples. This apartment is situated in the historical heart of the 18th district of Paris where you will be able to appreciate its tranquillity.	Charming apartment with authentic beams Beautiful apartment typical for the Montmartre area with its authentic beams. Warm and convivial it is ideal for families or couples. This apartment is situated in the historical heart of the 18th district of Paris where you will be able to appreciate its tranquillity. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Château Rouge (M4) 258 m Anvers (M2) 413 m Barbès - Rochechouart (M2/M4) 471 m We inform 
32407	Located close to the famous Place du Tertre, this pretty studio is ideal for a young couple visiting Paris. With a clear, uncluttered decor it will seduce you with its clever layout, beautiful authentic beams and wooden floors.	Located close to the famous Place du Tertre, this pretty studio is ideal for a young couple visiting Paris. With a clear, uncluttered decor it will seduce you with its clever layout, beautiful authentic beams and wooden floors. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transports à proximité Abbesses M12 Château Rouge M4 We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of 
32408	The appartment is 50m2 (2 bedrooms), fully furnished, and comfy. Located in the very nice district of Montmartre with many facilities around, close to underground station Jules Joffrin, at walking distance of the Sacre Coeur. Perfect to enjoy Paris. Nice building from the 30's Spiral staircase to go to the appartment : 2d Floor Moulding and old blocked chimney Kitchen is open on the living room Welcome Pack, towels, books, television, board games Will present you the area and will be fully available to exchange and show you around, meet people. The atmosphere in the neighborhood is incredibely welcoming and friendly. People living there are from all around the world. The restaurants and bars in rue Versginy are the meeting place of all the neighbors    and friends passing by : a small french village ambiance in the heart of Paris. Many buses and metro station Jules Joffrin at 2 min.  	The appartment is 45m2 (2 bedrooms), fully furnished, and comfy. Located in the very nice district of Montmartre with many facilities around, close to underground station Jules Joffrin, at walking distance of the Sacre Coeur. Perfect to enjoy Paris. The appartment is 50m2 (2 bedrooms), fully furnished, and comfy. Located in the very nice district of Montmartre with many facilities around, close to underground station Jules Joffrin, at walking distance of the Sacre Coeur. Perfect to enjoy Paris. Nice building from the 30's Spiral staircase to go to the appartment : 2d Floor Moulding and old blocked chimney Kitchen is open on the living room Welcome Pack, towels, books, television, board games Will present you the area and will be fully available to exchange and show you around, meet people. The atmosphere in the neighborhood is incredibely welcoming and friendly. People living there are from all around the world. The restaurants and bars in rue Versginy are the meeting place of all the 
32409	// For the weekend of 5th of June 2015 you must arrive on Friday before 2 p.m // Hi ! My appartment is at 2 minutes from montmartre and has a big balconny for sunny breakfast . Every room are quiet big : the kitchen is perfect for cookers and the open shower is big/ You're 2 minutes from montmartre to watch the beautifull sunset of Paris.	A 36 square meters loft, 2 minutes from montmartre. A big kitchen and a balcony. // For the weekend of 5th of June 2015 you must arrive on Friday before 2 p.m // Hi ! My appartment is at 2 minutes from montmartre and has a big balconny for sunny breakfast . Every room are quiet big : the kitchen is perfect for cookers and the open shower is big/ You're 2 minutes from montmartre to watch the beautifull sunset of Paris. You will have access to an Imac 21 inch, and a good sound system. I am a food lover, ask me for any restaurant i'll find a good one for you ! Line 4 (Chateau Rouge) Line 12 ( Lamarck) Line 2 (Barbes)
32410	Bel appartement situé dans un quartier vivant et où il fait bon vivre. Vous y trouverez pleins de cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens ainsi qu'une multitude de commerces indépendants. Vous y découvrirez une vie de quartier, avec son marché, ses jardins fleuris et ses terrasses abondantes. Facilement accessible par le métro 4 et 12 ainsi que le Velib et Autolib. Beautiful appartment located in a festive and lively district. You will enjoy the multitude of parisien restaurants and cafes as well as the number of independent shops. You will discover the typical 18th district life with its local market, flowered gardens and terraces. Easily accessible by line 4 and line 12 of the metro, as well as public bikes (Velib) and public cars (Autolib). 	Appartement de 36m2 avec chambre séparée. Entièrement rénové, avec meubles design et équipements haut de gamme. Au calme et proche des métros. 2 rooms appartment. Uscale amenities, design furnitures. Quiet and close to the metro. Free WIFI. Bel appartement situé dans un quartier vivant et où il fait bon vivre. Vous y trouverez pleins de cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens ainsi qu'une multitude de commerces indépendants. Vous y découvrirez une vie de quartier, avec son marché, ses jardins fleuris et ses terrasses abondantes. Facilement accessible par le métro 4 et 12 ainsi que le Velib et Autolib. Beautiful appartment located in a festive and lively district. You will enjoy the multitude of parisien restaurants and cafes as well as the number of independent shops. You will discover the typical 18th district life with its local market, flowered gardens and terraces. Easily accessible by line 4 and line 12 of the metro, as well as public bikes (Velib) and public cars (Autolib). L'
32411	Cosy flat with a bright living-room and a fully equiped kitchen. Perfect for couple.	35 m² flat located in the heart of the 18th arrondissement. 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Facing south, the apartment is very bright. Fully equipped apartment with dressing in the room . Access to entire flat. Do not hesitate to contact me :-) Cosy flat with a bright living-room and a fully equiped kitchen. Perfect for couple. You  have access to the entire flat. Do not hesitate to contact me. I'll be happy to give you tips for restaurant, pub or whatever else. The flat is close to many bars and restaurants. The neigborhood is very alive. The flat is close to many subway station : line 4, 12 and 13 are nearby.
32412	Mon appartement se trouve derrière la butte Montmartre au nord de Paris. C’est un 40m2, avec une chambre, un séjour ouvert sur la cuisine et une petite salle de bain. Il est au 6e étage, sans ascenseur d’un immeuble très propre, calme et avec concierge. Il est traversant, exposé au sud et sur rue pour le séjour et la chambre et au nord sur cours pour la cuisine, ce qui permet de faire des courants d’air en été quand il fait trop chaud. Il est à 5mn de deux lignes de metro, la 12 (Jules Joffrin), et la 4 (Simplon) qui amène au centre de Paris en 15mn. Le quartier est très animé et vivant, avec beaucoup de commerces et de cafés. Le Sacré Cœur et les Puces de Saint Ouen sont à 15mn à pied.	Situé derrière Montmartre, dans un quartier très vivant mais au calme dans un immeuble très bien tenu, ce 40m2 très lumineux est idéal pour un jeune couple à la découverte de Paris.    Mon appartement se trouve derrière la butte Montmartre au nord de Paris. C’est un 40m2, avec une chambre, un séjour ouvert sur la cuisine et une petite salle de bain. Il est au 6e étage, sans ascenseur d’un immeuble très propre, calme et avec concierge. Il est traversant, exposé au sud et sur rue pour le séjour et la chambre et au nord sur cours pour la cuisine, ce qui permet de faire des courants d’air en été quand il fait trop chaud. Il est à 5mn de deux lignes de metro, la 12 (Jules Joffrin), et la 4 (Simplon) qui amène au centre de Paris en 15mn. Le quartier est très animé et vivant, avec beaucoup de commerces et de cafés. Le Sacré Cœur et les Puces de Saint Ouen sont à 15mn à pied.
32413	The apartment is very comfortable. 40 m2. The living room offers a nice space of 27m2. It is very well furnished. You have everything you need for having a good rest after a big visiting day in our beautiful Paris city. You have access to all the equipment. You will feel at home in 2 minutes ! 	"Beautiful apartment in Montmartre in a quiet street with all the commodities. You can reach the ""Sacré-Coeur"" in 15 minutes by foot. Louvre museum is at 20 minutes by bus (95). Champs-Elysées are at 15 minutes by bus (31). Bienvenue à Paris ! The apartment is very comfortable. 40 m2. The living room offers a nice space of 27m2. It is very well furnished. You have everything you need for having a good rest after a big visiting day in our beautiful Paris city. You have access to all the equipment. You will feel at home in 2 minutes ! The apartment is just for you. If you need council or advice for your stay, we are here. Welcome in one of the more Parisian authentic district. Despite the touristic interest, you are in a lively and commercial area. Supermarkets, groceries, butcher etc... are in the area. At 50 meters, you have a fresh open market (Marche Ordener) 2 times per week (Wednesday and Saturday). In Rue du Poteau you have a daily fresh open market in a typical Parisian street. A "
32414	"Luminious 2 rooms appartment (for 1 to 4 people) located at the 4th floor (without lift) of a beautiful and calm ""haussmanien"" building in the 18th district. Well arranged and fully equiped, the flat is both functional and charming with parquet and mouldings. Typically parisian! The sofa is a real double bed. The living room is equiped with a flat TV. Wifi is accessible anywhere in the appartment. In the kitchen, there are :  - a big fridge - ceramic hobs - a micro wave - an electric oven All kitchen tools are at your disposal. Air dryer is at your disposal in the bathroom. Located 5 min walking from the metro station and several bus lines (84, 31), you will easily access the nicest Parisian spots : Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Sacré Coeur, Notre Dame de Paris... All convenience food stores are right down the street. Do not hesitate to contact me for any question, I'll be happy to answer. Cheers ! Yasmina & Thibault"	"Fully-furnished, charming and cosy typically ""parisian"" appartment, 15 minutes walking distance from Montmartre and all touristy attractions - Very calm - Confortably fits to 4 pers.  - 5 minutes from the nearest metro station Luminious 2 rooms appartment (for 1 to 4 people) located at the 4th floor (without lift) of a beautiful and calm ""haussmanien"" building in the 18th district. Well arranged and fully equiped, the flat is both functional and charming with parquet and mouldings. Typically parisian! The sofa is a real double bed. The living room is equiped with a flat TV. Wifi is accessible anywhere in the appartment. In the kitchen, there are :  - a big fridge - ceramic hobs - a micro wave - an electric oven All kitchen tools are at your disposal. Air dryer is at your disposal in the bathroom. Located 5 min walking from the metro station and several bus lines (84, 31), you will easily access the nicest Parisian spots : Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Sacré Coeur, Notre Dame de Pari"
32415	"The flat is 27m2, there is a quite spacious bathroom, a living room / kitchen and a bedroom.  As it's on the 5th floor and there are windows in every room, it's full of light, and it's also quiet. The bed is a double bed. The couch is a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people. I provide sheets, blankets, pillows and towels.   There is a big fridge frizzer, a microwave and an oven. There is also a washing machine and a dishwasher. The washing machine can also dry, but it's better to use it only for some clothe. For more drying there is a laundry downstairs. Internet available. I'm not responsible if there is any problem with the operator. I believe it is nicely decorated, ""homy"".  I don't mind you smoking in the house.  My neighbors are very nice and so is my sister who lives 3 minutes walking from my house. I have a cat, he won't be there when you are in, but even if the apartment is very clean, if you are allergic you should consider it :) I believe it is a nice place to stay in Paris !"	"My parisian apartment just by Montmartre for you ! The flat is 27m2, there is a quite spacious bathroom, a living room / kitchen and a bedroom.  As it's on the 5th floor and there are windows in every room, it's full of light, and it's also quiet. The bed is a double bed. The couch is a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people. I provide sheets, blankets, pillows and towels.   There is a big fridge frizzer, a microwave and an oven. There is also a washing machine and a dishwasher. The washing machine can also dry, but it's better to use it only for some clothe. For more drying there is a laundry downstairs. Internet available. I'm not responsible if there is any problem with the operator. I believe it is nicely decorated, ""homy"".  I don't mind you smoking in the house.  My neighbors are very nice and so is my sister who lives 3 minutes walking from my house. I have a cat, he won't be there when you are in, but even if the apartment is very clean, if you are allergic you should consider it :) "
32416	13m2 room for rent in a 43m2 apartment.	Private room rents, Japanese partition in 3 pieces apartment, equipped with a double bed and a sofa 2 pax. Located at the bottom of Montmartre (15 mn by walk from the Sacré-Cœur). Close to shops, market, underground. Quiet, lively and dynamic area. 13m2 room for rent in a 43m2 apartment. Kitchen equipment : - Range cooker - Microwave - Espresso machine  Bathroom : - Shower - Hair dryer I can help you during your stay to get information for visiting Paris. Typical and cosmopolitan area. 1 - METRO (Long and cheap - 5:30 AM to 00:45 AM )) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Map : (website hidden) You can arrive by 3 stations: Jules Joffrin line 12, Simplon and Marcadet Poissonniers line 4. (+ more details in the section Address --> Itinerary).  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2 - SHUTTLE (Fast and cheap - 24h/24). -------------------------------------------------------------
32417	"Studio 20 m2, for 2 persons maximum (no couple with a small chlidren), fully equipped (sofa bed for 2), kitchen with oven, refrigerator, stove, dishes, linens, duvet and pillows (with cover), towels, washing machine, need breakfast - coffee, butter, biscuits, sugar, jam, milk ...), safe, very bright, 50 meters from the metro and bus, 4th floor, no elevator. It is located in a very busy commercial area in the heart of Pigalle / Moulin Rouge, in the 18th arrondissement, near the metro ""Blanche"" (line 2), the metro ""Place de Clichy"" (line 2/13), and the Metro Pigalle (line 2/12), 100 m from the Moulin Rouge and at the foot of Montmartre (Sacré Coeur). Open living / kitchen room. Bedding: 1 double sofa bed. 1 shower room / WC. Interior facilities: Kitchen (hob, oven, refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, washing machine, cutlery, glasses, dishes). Bathroom (shower) / WC. Soap / shampoo, towels. Multimedia (wifi access). Others (Vacuum, Sheets and towels included), electric heating. building:"	"Studio 20 m2, for 2 persons, fully equipped (sofa bed for 2), kitchen with oven, refrigerator, stove, dishes, linens, duvet and pillows (with cover), towels, washing machine, need breakfast - coffee, butter, biscuits, sugar, jam, milk ...). Studio 20 m2, for 2 persons maximum (no couple with a small chlidren), fully equipped (sofa bed for 2), kitchen with oven, refrigerator, stove, dishes, linens, duvet and pillows (with cover), towels, washing machine, need breakfast - coffee, butter, biscuits, sugar, jam, milk ...), safe, very bright, 50 meters from the metro and bus, 4th floor, no elevator. It is located in a very busy commercial area in the heart of Pigalle / Moulin Rouge, in the 18th arrondissement, near the metro ""Blanche"" (line 2), the metro ""Place de Clichy"" (line 2/13), and the Metro Pigalle (line 2/12), 100 m from the Moulin Rouge and at the foot of Montmartre (Sacré Coeur). Open living / kitchen room. Bedding: 1 double sofa bed. 1 shower room / WC. Interior facilities: Kitch"
32418	 Designed for two, you will find everything you need and even more in the cute little home.	"Confortable 1 bedroom fully furnished flat in the heart on Montmartre, rue Lepic, just beside Moulin de la Galette. Walking distance from Sacré Coeur, Place du Tertre, Abbesses, Moulin Rouge, Café d'Amélie, bars and restaurant. Because it's easier when everything is available in the flat, you will have access to : internet, TV, iron, dish-washer, fridge, oven, micro-wave, hair dryer. Feel free to ask any questions about the appartement, the location or any other tips. A book will be waiting for you with all useful informations. Just up the ""Virage Lepic"", located in the heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Abbesses or Blanche metro station, this cozy and smart flat will be perfect for your stay in Paris. You will fully enjoy life as a real Montmartrois, buy your baguette and croissants in the some of the best bakers in Paris, drink a coffee in Amelie Poulain's coffee, eat in cute little restaurants all around the flat. 5 minutes walk to Métro Station Abbesses (L12) 5 minutes walk to"
32419	It's incredibly bright and peaceful. It's located in a neighborhood full of shops, bars, restaurants and from the balcony you can see the entire Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, right there, brushed by clouds at sunset or majestically lit bulbs of ivory at night.	Very bright, very quiet, clean and comfortable, great views on horizon and splendid view of the Sacré Coeur, 5 minutes away on foot. Great area. A block away from line 4, 20 min to Notre-Dame, 25 min to the Champs-ELysées... It's incredibly bright and peaceful. It's located in a neighborhood full of shops, bars, restaurants and from the balcony you can see the entire Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, right there, brushed by clouds at sunset or majestically lit bulbs of ivory at night. All the necessary and desirable amenities, a huge shower, good quality furniture, spaces designed for reading, relaxing and life in general, beautiful plants, endless views ... By e-mail, phone or in person if necessary or requested. Montmartre / Jules Joffrin / Marché Saint Pierre / Rue de Clignancourt Ligne 4, 12 et 2 - Bus 80, 56, 31 - Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord The apartment is bright because it faces the horizon on one side and a hill on the other - it's on the 6th floor. It's good for your legs and hear
32420	The room is  spacious, with a lot of storage space, a large bed and a large window. It is a very quiet place.  	" Light room in a  well decorated typical Parisian flat with hardwood floor and high ceilings. The flat is litterally one minute from the metro. There is good wifi in the flat and you will be able use the kitchen and the waching machine The room is  spacious, with a lot of storage space, a large bed and a large window. It is a very quiet place.  Guests have access to their private room, the shared bathroom and the kitchen. They may use my washing machine and dryer.There is good wifi in all the flat.  I am more than happy to provide info on Paris and the neighborhood, but I am seldom home in the evenings. The neighborhood is really like a village (les batignolles) it has beautiful buildings. It is a very safe neighborhood, cool bars and  so convenient to shop for food.  The appartement is one minute from metro station Guy Moquet: line 13 takes you to ""les grand magasins"" and to the great museums. The metro system in Paris is so dense that you may go anywhere in about half an hour. From t"
32421	2 room apartment of 37m2 for 2 people.  Very bright and quiet 15 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart.  Kitchen (oven, hob, extractor, dishwasher, freezer, toaster, coffee maker ...) Large living / dining room: table for 4 people, sofa  Room: small but very comfortable  Bathroom: walk-in shower.  Washing machine, iron and ironing board,  Internet, TV, WI-FI,  heating quality  Other: The apartment is located on the 6th floor  Nearby: shops (bakery - small supermarket), restaurants and cafes, guarded car park. 	2 room apartment of 37m2 for 2 people.  Very bright and quiet 15 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart.  Kitchen (oven, hob, extractor, dishwasher, freezer, toaster, coffee maker ...) Large living / dining room: table for 4 people, sofa  Room: small but 2 room apartment of 37m2 for 2 people.  Very bright and quiet 15 minutes walk from the Sacred Heart.  Kitchen (oven, hob, extractor, dishwasher, freezer, toaster, coffee maker ...) Large living / dining room: table for 4 people, sofa  Room: small but very comfortable  Bathroom: walk-in shower.  Washing machine, iron and ironing board,  Internet, TV, WI-FI,  heating quality  Other: The apartment is located on the 6th floor  Nearby: shops (bakery - small supermarket), restaurants and cafes, guarded car park.  I get travelers upon arrival and upon departure. I can give them information on the neighborhood, transport or visiting Paris. it is an area both popular and very close to tourist areas (Montmartre). this is an area that moves without b
32422	You will find in the studio every accomodations a traveller needs : clean begging, towels, a washing-machine, a 2 electric stoves cooker, a fridge with the essentials, a micro-wave, kitchen devices. Etc.  This is a luminous, clean, tiny but very fonctional apartment. 	This is a renovated 28 square-meters studio, located in gorgeous Montmartre.  I am looking for long term occupation for the summer (July-August-September).
32423	Très bel appartement de 37m2 décoré avec soin et totalement équipé (WIFI, Four combiné micro-ondes, lave linge, machine Nespresso, frigidaire... inclus), au 2e étage sans ascenseur. Lumineux et calme (donne sur cour), il permet de se reposer tranquillement après une grosse journée de visite ou de travail. La chambre est particulièrement silencieuse, pour le plaisir des gros dormeurs comme moi. 	Appartement de 37m2 parfaitement agencé et équipé. Très calme, lumineux, on s'y sent bien. Situe à 5 minutes du métro et 1 min du bus, il est à 15 min des quartiers typiques de Montmartre, abbesses & Pigalle, et 10min en bus de la Villette & du Canal St Martin. Très bel appartement de 37m2 décoré avec soin et totalement équipé (WIFI, Four combiné micro-ondes, lave linge, machine Nespresso, frigidaire... inclus), au 2e étage sans ascenseur. Lumineux et calme (donne sur cour), il permet de se reposer tranquillement après une grosse journée de visite ou de travail. La chambre est particulièrement silencieuse, pour le plaisir des gros dormeurs comme moi. Les voyageurs pourront utiliser la cuisine pour se concocter de bons petits plats, et bien entendu l'ensemble de l'appartement. Je serai ravie de pouvoir vous renseigner sur les choses à faire ou à voir, et vous laisserai des indications précises pour les transports. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire de plus en plus vivant
32424		Cosy Apartment in Montmartre close to the Sacre Coeur... one salon + one bedroom, kitchen full equipped and small bathroom with shower.
32425	Cet appartement était une ancienne boutique du quartier qui a été réaménagée en un bel appartement de 70m² très lumineux.  Les grandes baies vitrées de l'appartement laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière. La pièce à vivre est spacieuse avec sa cuisine ouverte sur le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée.  La chambre est au sous sol, avec la salle de bain et peut accueillir un couple ainsi que 2 enfants. Le canapé peut aussi servir de lit d'appoint pour 2 personnes.   L'appartement est situé à mi chemin entre le canal de la Villette et la butte Montmartre.  C'est un appartement de charme avec pierres apparentes dans le salon et la chambre.	Bel appartement spacieux et lumineux dans un quartier pluriethnique et en plein essor.  Une très grande pièce à vivre agréable, avec une cuisine toute équipée et un coin salon spacieux.  Il peut accueillir de 2 à 6 personnes. Cet appartement était une ancienne boutique du quartier qui a été réaménagée en un bel appartement de 70m² très lumineux.  Les grandes baies vitrées de l'appartement laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière. La pièce à vivre est spacieuse avec sa cuisine ouverte sur le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée.  La chambre est au sous sol, avec la salle de bain et peut accueillir un couple ainsi que 2 enfants. Le canapé peut aussi servir de lit d'appoint pour 2 personnes.   L'appartement est situé à mi chemin entre le canal de la Villette et la butte Montmartre.  C'est un appartement de charme avec pierres apparentes dans le salon et la chambre. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement Dans la mesure du possible, nous nous rendrons disponible pour vous 
32426	Nice, cozy flat with a lot of light recently renovated in diversly populated and animated area at Metro Marcadet Poissonniers. Walking distance from Montmartre (15min), and very pratical to go around Paris in metro. Description of the flat: - Small Entrance - Open kitchen on living room with sofa-bed , kitchen with all commodities: oven, microwave, induction plates, toaster, coffee maker, dish washer... - Internet access, no TV - Bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, hair dryer... - Nice bedroom with double bed 140-200 - Towels and sheets provided - No elevator (5th floor) The flat is ideal for a couple or 2 friends staying in Paris; It is possible to be 3 or 4 but it will be a little tight. I'll be happy to advice you about the nice places to go to for dinner or for a drink in the area!  	In this charming 2 bedroom appartement recently renovated, you will feel at home. Cozy, with a lot of light and well equiped, it is located in a lively neighborhod, close to Montmartre and very pratical to go around, perfectfor a typical parisian we! Nice, cozy flat with a lot of light recently renovated in diversly populated and animated area at Metro Marcadet Poissonniers. Walking distance from Montmartre (15min), and very pratical to go around Paris in metro. Description of the flat: - Small Entrance - Open kitchen on living room with sofa-bed , kitchen with all commodities: oven, microwave, induction plates, toaster, coffee maker, dish washer... - Internet access, no TV - Bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, hair dryer... - Nice bedroom with double bed 140-200 - Towels and sheets provided - No elevator (5th floor) The flat is ideal for a couple or 2 friends staying in Paris; It is possible to be 3 or 4 but it will be a little tight. I'll be happy to advice you about the nice pla
32427	With 44 square meter, this apartment is much wider than any standard hotelroom you'll find for the same budget.  Its great advantage is the view of the Sacre Coeur from the bedroom. An amazing and unique view to look at when waking up or going to bed. Also, the livingroom and the kitchen are combined, which allows to optimize the space and enjoy your stay. A spacious and comfortable sofa is also there if you want to chill out after a long day of walk.     	You couldn't find a better place to enjoy your stay in Paris! -View on Sacre Coeur -Easy to access from Roissy/Orly airports -Several metro lines (2, 4, 12) at walking distance -2nd fl, 44 m2 (1 livingroom, 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom) With 44 square meter, this apartment is much wider than any standard hotelroom you'll find for the same budget.  Its great advantage is the view of the Sacre Coeur from the bedroom. An amazing and unique view to look at when waking up or going to bed. Also, the livingroom and the kitchen are combined, which allows to optimize the space and enjoy your stay. A spacious and comfortable sofa is also there if you want to chill out after a long day of walk.     You will find everything to make your stay nice and easy: - a nice livingroom with music stereo (including radio, CD & mp3 player as well as USB plug), sofa and lower table for dinner.  - a full-equipped kitchen, with fridge&freezer, microwave, induction cooker plates, boiler and everything you nee
32428	Description : Studio moderne de 25 m2 avec petite terrasse. Lumineux. Dernier étage d'un immeuble récent. Avec ascenseur. Sans vis à vis. Entièrement refait à neuf.  Lit de 2 personnes. Wifi, drap, serviettes fournis.  Ménage fait. Transport : Quartier calme. Proche des transports et de Montmartre. 1 station (RER E) de St Lazare, 1 station (RER B ou D) de Châtelet, 2 stations (RER D) de Gare de Lyon. Direct (ligne 12) de gare Montparnasse et de St Lazare. 200 mètres du métro Marx Dormoy et 400 mètres de Gare du Nord (la chapelle). Au dessus d'un Monoprix (ferme à 21h45). A proximité : Plusieurs traiteurs, supermarchés, Poste, pharmacies, banques, restaurants... dans la rue. Marché de l'olive juste derrière. - Wifi  - Chauffage central  - Machine à laver  - Micro-ondes J'ai remarqué des disfonctionnements dans le calendrier. N'hésitez pas à m'écrire pour vérifier la disponibilité de l'appartement.	"Studio moderne de 25 m2 avec petite terrasse. Lumineux. Dernier étage d'un immeuble récent. Avec ascenseur. Sans vis à vis. Entièrement refait à neuf.  ""BZ"" de 2 personnes. Wifi, drap, serviettes fournis. Description : Studio moderne de 25 m2 avec petite terrasse. Lumineux. Dernier étage d'un immeuble récent. Avec ascenseur. Sans vis à vis. Entièrement refait à neuf.  Lit de 2 personnes. Wifi, drap, serviettes fournis.  Ménage fait. Transport : Quartier calme. Proche des transports et de Montmartre. 1 station (RER E) de St Lazare, 1 station (RER B ou D) de Châtelet, 2 stations (RER D) de Gare de Lyon. Direct (ligne 12) de gare Montparnasse et de St Lazare. 200 mètres du métro Marx Dormoy et 400 mètres de Gare du Nord (la chapelle). Au dessus d'un Monoprix (ferme à 21h45). A proximité : Plusieurs traiteurs, supermarchés, Poste, pharmacies, banques, restaurants... dans la rue. Marché de l'olive juste derrière. - Wifi  - Chauffage central  - Machine à laver  - Micro-ondes J'ai remarqué de"
32429	A very nice and cosy apartment (26m2), living room with carpets, sofa-bed and coffee table, old terracotta tiled floor, and many lamps. Large folding table and chairs perfect for quiet diner at home. It is very comfortable, the kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, oven, and electric hot-plates, it also has a washing-machine and all the cooking ustensiles you might need.  The bedroom with mezzanine has a double bed, a nice marble-fireplace (not useable), and many books!  Very easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot, nice small park to chill and enjoy the sun on the top of Rue Muller, and many commodities around opened on Sunday.	Lovely 2-room appartment, 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Many A very nice and cosy apartment (26m2), living room with carpets, sofa-bed and coffee table, old terracotta tiled floor, and many lamps. Large folding table and chairs perfect for quiet diner at home. It is very comfortable, the kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, oven, and electric hot-plates, it also has a washing-machine and all the cooking ustensiles you might need.  The bedroom with mezzanine has a double bed, a nice marble-fireplace (not useable), and many books!  Very easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot, nice small park to chill and enjoy the sun on the top of Rue Muller, and many commodities around opened on Sunday. The area is very cosmopolite, you will have a chance to be soak up the atmosphere of a small piece of Africa in Paris on one side, and on the other side of the street you are in the trendy area of Montmartre, but the real Parisian one, not the turistic one! There are plenty of nice bars a
32430	On the groundfloor of a beautiful old building, discover this studio with brand new mezzanine! Fully equipped and designed for your comfort, this apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. Near the public transport stops (subway and bus) and the city center it has definitely its advantages for discovering Montmartre, a historic village in the heart of Paris.	On the groundfloor of a beautiful old building, discover this studio with brand new mezzanine! Fully equipped and designed for your comfort, this apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. Near the public transport stops (subway and bus) and the city center it has definitely its advantages for discovering Montmartre, a historic village in the heart of Paris. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. We inform you that we set up a simply c
32431	This studio is the perfect place to stay for your trip in Paris. You'll love the neighborhood and the studio is furnished with everything you will need for your stay. The studio is next to Montmartre and le Moulin Rouge. The studio is on a quiet courtyard so you don't have the noise of the lively neighborrod which is really nice. This studio is really the perfect place for our stay in Paris and it will be a pleasure for us to receive you.  In the studio there is a single bed that it become a double bed just by pulling it, a bathroom, a kitchenette with everything (Oven, Microwave, coffee machine, kettle, a washing machine).	This studio is really well situated in the neighborhood of Montmartre. Montmartre is a lovely neighborrod for your stay, it's typically parisian and really lively. The studio is on a quiet courtyard, on the ground flood of a parisian building. This studio is the perfect place to stay for your trip in Paris. You'll love the neighborhood and the studio is furnished with everything you will need for your stay. The studio is next to Montmartre and le Moulin Rouge. The studio is on a quiet courtyard so you don't have the noise of the lively neighborrod which is really nice. This studio is really the perfect place for our stay in Paris and it will be a pleasure for us to receive you.  In the studio there is a single bed that it become a double bed just by pulling it, a bathroom, a kitchenette with everything (Oven, Microwave, coffee machine, kettle, a washing machine). Line 12 : Abbesses Line 12 and 2 : Pigalle
32432	A pretty large and comfortable flat, especially a wide living room. Every commodities to enjoy your journey in Paris. 	A two bedroom flat fully equipped and cosy of 56 (website hidden). A large living room with a sofa bed and a japanese style bedroom adjoining the bathroom. Five minutes by feet from three subway stations and ten minutes by feet from the Sacré Coeur.  A pretty large and comfortable flat, especially a wide living room. Every commodities to enjoy your journey in Paris.  Guests have access to any room of my flat, except of my daughter's bedroom.  You may write to me anytime for further informations.  I will be there to welcome you at your arrival and at your departure.  The neighborhood is very mixed and living. There are shops (bakeries, supermarket ...) all around.  The flat is very accessible (3 subway stations 5 minutes away by foot, lines 2, 4 and 12, a lot of bus stops) and you can go anywhere in Paris without any difficulty. To get there form the airports so as from the main railway stations is also very simple and fast: the flat is 10 minutes away from the North railway station, co
32433	Beautiful, modern and very cosy flat, 60m², including 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room overlooking an open kitchen, a sunny balcony and a bathroom with bathtub. Everything is provided for a family:  2 double beds in the rooms, a large sofa bed, a cot Appliances: washing machine, dishwasher, stove, oven, microwave ... 10 minutes of Montmartre, our apartment is located close to shops! We hope you will have a great time!	Beautiful, modern and very cosy flat, 60m², including 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room overlooking an open kitchen, a sunny balcony and a bathroom with bathtub. Everything is provided for a family:  2 double beds in the rooms, a large sofa bed, a cot Appliances: washing machine, dishwasher, stove, oven, microwave ... 10 minutes of Montmartre, our apartment is located close to shops! We hope you will have a great time! Travelers will have access to all housing except our bar and food in the freezer. Part of our wardrobe will be for guests clothes, the other part will contain our clothes. Before and during the stay we can stay in touch with travelers by phone, sms email or skype. lively, very close to Montmartre Metro Chateau Rouge (ligne 4) or Marcadet Poissonnier (ligne 12) or Barbès (ligne 2)
32434	Sunny and very cosy flat with chimney, moulding and parquet floor in each room. Typical Parisian!	I let my room in a friendly shared flat for a few days. The flat is shiny and located in lively neighbourhood, near Montmartre, La Chapelle, Gare du Nord (RER from both airports), the 2nd, 4th, 12th metro line. It is clean and fully equiped. Sunny and very cosy flat with chimney, moulding and parquet floor in each room. Typical Parisian! You will share the living room, the kitchen and the bathroom. 
32435	This is a two rooms apartment in the center of Montmartre. The flat has a spacious bedroom including a double bed, wardrobe and two windows. In the living room there is a sofa-bed that sleeps additional two people with two big windows, a table for 6 and an open kitchen. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine and a big fridge. All the windows are facing the inner yard, hence you can relax in a quite place after a day exploring the sights of Paris.	Cosy 1 bedroom renovated apartment. Situated just by metro Abbesses in the quite street, 5 minutes walking from the famous Moulin Rouge. It is a very lovely area with many shops and cafes just up the street. This is a two rooms apartment in the center of Montmartre. The flat has a spacious bedroom including a double bed, wardrobe and two windows. In the living room there is a sofa-bed that sleeps additional two people with two big windows, a table for 6 and an open kitchen. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine and a big fridge. All the windows are facing the inner yard, hence you can relax in a quite place after a day exploring the sights of Paris. You will have the whole apartment for yourself and can freely use everything: TV, Sound System, WiFi, Stove, Oven, Dishwasher, Coffee Machine, Laundry machine etc. Towels and linen will also be provided, free of charge, if required. We will be available on phone or email anytime before, during and after your
32436		A quelques mètres de la  Butte Montmartre, Pigalle du célèbre marché aux puces. salon, cuisine, salle de bain, wc Quartier très agréable : restaurants, magazins,la seine et le sacrée coeur a 5 minutes du métro Marx dormoy ligne 12 et 10 minutes de la gare du nord
32437	A great flat in a calm building : perfect to have a rest after a long day of visiting Paris ! Enjoy the lounge for breakfast/lunch/dinner with a warm light and a perfect sound system. 2 beds are available : one of them is a sofa bed. The kitchen gives you no excuse to cook typical French dishes ! Also toilets are separated from the bath room.	"Discover the awesome city of Paris and its new Brooklyn : ""la Goutte d'Or"" in the 18th arrondissement. Here all is about local beers, African market, wine bars and urban creatives stores, etc. A great flat in a calm building : perfect to have a rest after a long day of visiting Paris ! Enjoy the lounge for breakfast/lunch/dinner with a warm light and a perfect sound system. 2 beds are available : one of them is a sofa bed. The kitchen gives you no excuse to cook typical French dishes ! Also toilets are separated from the bath room. All the flat will be available I will let you a guide for visiting Paris and for using this flat called ""Le Lieu"" Visit Paris from the most typical Parisian arrondissement : the 18th one ! Enjoy all the unique melting pot happening here, while getting in an African store then a local beer shop to finally going down to a French restaurant with a view on the Sacré Coeur.. You are literally at one minute walking from the underground station Chateau Rouge (line "
32438	"Au coeur du quartier des abbesses, à Montmartre, charmant deux pieces de 50m2, un salon, une chambre, cuisine équipée, salle d'eau, parquet et cheminée, au 3é étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien et récemment rénové. Situé rue Lepic à deux pas du célèbre café ""d'Amélie Poulain"", à proximité du Sacré Coeur, dans un quartier commerçant, commerce de bouche, bars, restaurants, théatre et boutiques branchées..."	"Au coeur du quartier des abbesses, à Montmartre, charmant deux pieces de 50m2, un salon, une chambre, cuisine équipée, salle d'eau, parquet et cheminée, au 3é étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien et récemment rénové. Situé rue Lepic à deux pas du célèbre café ""d'Amélie Poulain"", à proximité du Sacré Coeur, dans un quartier commerçant, commerce de bouche, bars, restaurants, théatre et boutiques branchées..."
32439	Appartment available for maximal of 4 people and 3 children. on the 1st floor ( 20m ²):  a double bed (190 x140) and a bunk bed for children (140x70). Additional mattress (120x60) possible for a 3rd child. baby's cot,  toys andhighchair available .... Rez-de-chaussé (45m ²): a big lounge, a room with a double bed (200x140), a bathroom with bathtub and a completely equipped open-plan kitchen (oven, 4 fires in the gas, the refrigerator, the freezer, the kettle, the coffee machine, etc.). Apartment situated in the 5th and last floor without elevator.	Charming duplex at the heart of the XVIIIth district, quiet and bright. Maximum 4 people + 3 children (8/10 y.o. and less) Close to any shops and to the public transportation. Easy to join the airports via RER B. Appartment available for maximal of 4 people and 3 children. on the 1st floor ( 20m ²):  a double bed (190 x140) and a bunk bed for children (140x70). Additional mattress (120x60) possible for a 3rd child. baby's cot,  toys andhighchair available .... Rez-de-chaussé (45m ²): a big lounge, a room with a double bed (200x140), a bathroom with bathtub and a completely equipped open-plan kitchen (oven, 4 fires in the gas, the refrigerator, the freezer, the kettle, the coffee machine, etc.). Apartment situated in the 5th and last floor without elevator. You enjoy an unlimited WiFi internet access, a washing machine, an oven and 4 gas fires. We provide you sheets and bath towels, and advice for your stay (subway map, etc.). No smoking, no pets We will not be on site during your stay 
32440	It's a lively street and very safe . In the apartment , there is a living room with a sofa bed for 2 persons with TV , wifi and end table to take a drink . In the the room there is a double and a space to pack your clothes . There is kitchen with microwaves and everything to cook for a short stay + a washing machine . And a bathroom with a shower and the toilet.  We provide you shampoo , shower gel , towels and linen . The nearest metro is Marx Dormoy ( Line 12) See you :)	A very nice apartment on the fifth floor with lift . Located rue de la guadeloupe , the apartment is surrounded of many shops , supermarkets , restaurants and bars . 
32441	Room 2 persons, bed 160 cm, forming a private independent studio 20 m2 on the same floor as our apartment. Bathroom : a shower. No kitchen, but kettle, tea, coffee provided. Garden terrace garden furniture. Shops. Metro station : Guy Moquet, 18th district, Champs-Elysées far 20 mn. Near Montmartre (15 min walk)	Studio-room 20 m2 independent, 1-2 people, bed 160 cm, sheet provided. Beside our flat. Without kitchen. Shower WC, towels. Access garden-terrace. Lively shopping area (low Montmartre). No kitchen. Boiler, mugs, plates. Metro direct Champs Elysées Room 2 persons, bed 160 cm, forming a private independent studio 20 m2 on the same floor as our apartment. Bathroom : a shower. No kitchen, but kettle, tea, coffee provided. Garden terrace garden furniture. Shops. Metro station : Guy Moquet, 18th district, Champs-Elysées far 20 mn. Near Montmartre (15 min walk) Bed is ready (quilt, pillows), bath towels provided.  Table and chairs in the room.  Kettle, small dishwasher, tea and coffee. Bathroom : a shower, WC  The garden is common with us, you have your own space in front of your private room and bathroom.  Private terrace with garden table and chairs, part of our garden of 70 m2. Books, magazines. We live in the apartment next door immediately on the same floor. We stay at your disposal for 
32442	Touristes et parisiens viennent à Montmartre pour se promener dans ses vieilles rues dallées aux charmes d’antan et contempler les travaux des artistes, comme sur la place du Tertre, ou bien la rue Lepic et son café Les Deux Moulins, célèbre depuis le film Amélie Poulain, les bâtiments années 30 de la rue Saint-Vincent...mais aussi pour sa dimension religieuse importante. En effet Montmartre est un haut lieu de pèlerinages autour de l’église Saint-Pierre et, évidemment, la basilique du Sacré-Coeur.	Touristes et parisiens viennent à Montmartre pour se promener dans ses vieilles rues dallées aux charmes d’antan et contempler les travaux des artistes, comme sur la place du Tertre, ou bien la rue Lepic et son café Les Deux Moulins, célèbre depuis le film Amélie Poulain, les bâtiments années 30 de la rue Saint-Vincent...mais aussi pour sa dimension religieuse importante. En effet Montmartre est un haut lieu de pèlerinages autour de l’église Saint-Pierre et, évidemment, la basilique du Sacré-Coeur. Sacré-Coeur, Musée Dali, Maison de Dalida et sa statue Les artistes peintre Bus : (phone number hidden)  calcul d'itinéraire sur (website hidden) Montmartrobus : Cliquez ici pour accéder au plan Voiture : Parking le plus proche : Anvers Métro : > Jules Joffrin (Ligne 12) + Montmartrobus (arrêt place du Tertre) ou > Lamarck Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) + Montmartrobus ou > Pigalle (Ligne 12 ou ligne 2) + Montmartrobus (arrêt Norvins) ou > Anvers (Ligne 2) ou Abbesses (Ligne 12) + Funiculaire calcu
32443		2 pièces situé quartier Marx Dormoy Paris 18, proche Montmartre, Gare du Nord Stalingrad. Peut accueillir 4 personnes car possède une grande chambre et un salon équipé d'un canapé d'angle convertible.  L'appartement se situe au rez-de-chaussée sur cour intérieure sécurisée. Il n'attend plus que vous! Populaire, jeune, bars et restos très sympas!  Métro ligne 12 Marx Dormoy À 5 min en bus de Gare du Nord Pas de réservation pour moins de 2 jours. 
32444		A charming designer loft with lots of sunshine, and a stunning view of Sacre Coeur.  For cats lovers only. A great kitchen and laundry machine on site. Just 8 minutes walk to Sacre Coeur.
32445	Chambre privée dans appartement en étoile de 50m2, avec petit balcon donnant sur la rue	Charmante chambre privée proche tous commerces (caviste, fromager, boulanger...) dans une très charmante petite rue sans voitures et son petit escalier en contrebas typique de Montmartre Chambre privée dans appartement en étoile de 50m2, avec petit balcon donnant sur la rue Salle de bains avec baignoire, Cuisine avec micro-ondes, Salon avec TV, Wifi En semaine, je vous accompagnerai volontiers pour un tour de Montmartre Quartier calme avec tous les commerces à proximité rue Damrémont: fleuriste, fromager, boulanger, etc... Tout près de Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses et de la Place de Clichy, et du Moulin Rouge Proche métro ligne 12 Lamarck et ligne 2 Place Clichy Accès Métro Lamarck Ligne 12 à 3 minutes ou Place de Clichy Ligne 2 à 5 minutes Je débute sur Airbnb c'est pourquoi pas de commentaires.
32446	" 5 min walk from the Sacre Coeur, in the buzzing area of Montmatre. You will be in the heart of one the most typical parisian neighborhood. My flat is on the 4th floor ( with lift), it is very bright, you could sunbathe from every windows :) This Flat will comfortably welcome 4 people. With one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Bathroom with bath, separated toilet. Original wooden floor.  A nice quiet place in a middle of a hectic city My ""Home sweet home"" is the perfect spot if you want to feel like living a real parisian. You will be connected with 3 different lines of Métro ( Abesses (12), Blanche (2), Place de Clichy (13)) You will be 15 min away from Le Louvre, Les champs-elysées, Les Grands Magasins, or La concorde 20 min away from Le marais or the Eiffel Tower. "	"Only few minutes away from Le sacré Coeur. Charming 1 bedroom flat in the heart of Montmatre.  Looking forward to welcome you! 5 min walk from the Sacre Coeur, in the buzzing area of Montmatre. You will be in the heart of one the most typical parisian neighborhood. My flat is on the 4th floor ( with lift), it is very bright, you could sunbathe from every windows :) This Flat will comfortably welcome 4 people. With one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Bathroom with bath, separated toilet. Original wooden floor.  A nice quiet place in a middle of a hectic city My ""Home sweet home"" is the perfect spot if you want to feel like living a real parisian. You will be connected with 3 different lines of Métro ( Abesses (12), Blanche (2), Place de Clichy (13)) You will be 15 min away from Le Louvre, Les champs-elysées, Les Grands Magasins, or La concorde 20 min away from Le marais or the Eiffel Tower. The flat will be yours. Kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave, induction plates, super s"
32447	"Here's my 5th floor flat (in a 7th floor building with small elevator), It's a very bright 47m2 flat with 1 tiny room  (just a large bed under the window: feels like a boat cabin where you can see the stars, you wont get that anywhere else in Paris!)  but with a huge living-room with a big convertible couch  (fits 2 tall men, and i'm 6'2, but if you're four adults, i hope you guys are close!) and a big table. It's a calm building but in a lively area (Barbes, a sense of ""local Harlem""), about 20m away from the metro station Barbes-Rochechouart (lines 4 and 2), 7 min away from Montmartre, 4min away from Gare du Nord, 10min away from Pigalle, you'll get the fresh market on wednesday and saturday, and it's 4 min away from an easy going area (rue clignancourt) or 7 min away from the cool 9th arrondissement (rue des martyrs). Bienvenue à Paris ! "	"Here's my 5th floor flat (in a 7th floor building with small elevator), It's a very bright 47m2 flat with 1 tiny room  (just a large bed under the window: feels like a boat cabin where you can see the stars, you wont get that anywhere else in Paris!)  but with a huge living-room with a big convertible couch  (fits 2 tall men, and i'm 6'2, but if you're four adults, i hope you guys are close!) and a big table. It's a calm building but in a lively area (Barbes, a sense of ""local Harlem""), about 20m away from the metro station Barbes-Rochechouart (lines 4 and 2), 7 min away from Montmartre, 4min away from Gare du Nord, 10min away from Pigalle, you'll get the fresh market on wednesday and saturday, and it's 4 min away from an easy going area (rue clignancourt) or 7 min away from the cool 9th arrondissement (rue des martyrs). Bienvenue à Paris ! "
32448	Studio de 30m2, avec cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire , 1 lit .	Studio à deux pas du metro , accueillant et chaleureux.  Peut loger 2 personnes ( 3 si nécessaire ) , dans un quartier vivant, avec bars , restaurants et commerces à proximité . Studio de 30m2, avec cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire , 1 lit . Accès internet. Echange aussi souvent que nécessaire . Quartier vivant, animé et populaire . Marché de fruits et légumes, épiceries exotiques, bars sympas . Montmartre est à 10 min à pied . A deux pas du métro chateau rouge, près de la gare du Nord et de la gare de l'Est  ( 5 min en métro ) .
32449	Joli appartement de 41 M2 situé à 6 minutes du métro la Chapelle (L2) et 10 minutes de Chateau Rouge (L4). A 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre. A quinze minutes à pied du canal de l'ourcq et de Jaurès. L'appartement comprend une chambre avec lit simple et un salon avec canapé convertible deux places. Possibilité de prêter un matelas gonflable et lit parapluie pour bébé. Salle de bain avec baignoire, kitchenette, balcon. 300 euros / semaine.Libre du 09 août au 24 août.	Joli appartement de 41 M2 situé à 6 minutes du métro la Chapelle (L2) et 10 minutes de Chateau Rouge (L4). A 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre. A quinze minutes à pied du canal de l'ourcq et de Jaurès. L'appartement comprend une chambre avec lit simple et un salon avec canapé convertible deux places. Possibilité de prêter un matelas gonflable et lit parapluie pour bébé. Salle de bain avec baignoire, kitchenette, balcon. 300 euros / semaine.Libre du 09 août au 24 août.
32450	You can't get a better hintch of Paris than here, even though not in the very centre, this is where Parisians are, live and go out	My appartment is located in the heart of the 18th arrondissement a 15 min walk from the Sacre Coeur, and same walking distance from Les Puces de Clignancourt. The neighboorhood is very lively and central to any cool place to visit or go out too  You can't get a better hintch of Paris than here, even though not in the very centre, this is where Parisians are, live and go out Around our apartment, there are plenty of very good restaurants or bars to discover. There is a bike stations down the apartment, if you feel like going for a bije tour! Metro is also literally a one minute away and it's really quick to go anywhere.  I will be staying in the other bed room (yes it's a flatsharing) but working during the day. I'll be happy to give you advice to visit around. I can also be very discreet. As an anecdocte; a girl that stayed in our apartment for a week last year is now our neighbour and really good friend! The neighborhood is a bless for food shopping with the market three times a week,
32451	This all renew duplex offer 4 rooms, 3 bathrooms on two levels, specially adapted for big families, it offer a wide living room with all equipped open kitchen. Ideally located a few steps from Place du Tertre and Sacré Coeur This is a unique place, on two different level, this nice duplex has been entirely designed by an architect and offer great mix between modern equipment and Parisian flat typical style.	This all renew duplex offer 4 rooms, 3 bathrooms on two levels, specially adapted for big families, it offer a wide living room with all equipped open kitchen. Ideally located a few steps from Place du Tertre and Sacré Coeur This all renew duplex offer 4 rooms, 3 bathrooms on two levels, specially adapted for big families, it offer a wide living room with all equipped open kitchen. Ideally located a few steps from Place du Tertre and Sacré Coeur This is a unique place, on two different level, this nice duplex has been entirely designed by an architect and offer great mix between modern equipment and Parisian flat typical style. A great place for a big family as ours to stay for their stay in Paris Magnificent apartment of 100 m2, recently renewed and perfectly equipped. First level : A big very bright lounge with two big windows with an open-plan kitchen with bar. Well equipped with a hi-fi system and with a flat screen with cable television. Fully-equipped kitchen with oven, oven with
32452	This Lovely Apartment is located in the heart of Montmartre , near to Place du Tertre, a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica, you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris Place du Tertre many restaurants , shops and many artists who propose to paint your portrait Ideally located for exploring all that Montmartre and Paris have to offer – Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur, beautiful cobblestone streets, shopping, art galleries, museums, cozy cafes, bars and restaurants, theatres - in what is arguably considered one of the most beautiful and historic neighbourhood in the City of Lights.Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of ParisSleeps 5 ( 1 bed rooms , and 1 living room) Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves ) Linen, towels, international tv and free wifiNear the apartment you can find ;many bars. restaurants, trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums, famous portraitists, old cabaret	Cozy Artistic Apartment in the Heart of Montmartre Very well Decorated +Terrasse  This Lovely Apartment is located in the heart of Montmartre , near to Place du Tertre, a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica, you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris Place du Tertre many restaurants , shops and many artists who propose to paint your portrait Ideally located for exploring all that Montmartre and Paris have to offer – Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur, beautiful cobblestone streets, shopping, art galleries, museums, cozy cafes, bars and restaurants, theatres - in what is arguably considered one of the most beautiful and historic neighbourhood in the City of Lights.Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of ParisSleeps 5 ( 1 bed rooms , and 1 living room) Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves ) Linen, towels, international tv and free wifiNear the apartment you can find ;many bars. res
32453	situation exceptional: on the butte montmartre street of the martyrs to a few meters of the subway pigalle, sacré-coeur animated district transport easy in the middle of pigalle montmartre sopi Calm because on small court 2nd stage with elevator	A small apartment with bed in mezzanine and convertible. kitchen equipped TV bathroom. Calm, in front of subway Pigalle Montmartre, close moulin-Rouge, and all commodities. Exceptional situation, district very sympathetic 2 to 4 beds. situation exceptional: on the butte montmartre street of the martyrs to a few meters of the subway pigalle, sacré-coeur animated district transport easy in the middle of pigalle montmartre sopi Calm because on small court 2nd stage with elevator TV Internet/wifi cook very equipped (blender, stinks etc…) bathroom beds on mezzanine queen size Pigalle moulin rouge montmartre metro bus
32454		Très bel appartement typiquement parisien, chambre spacieuse pour deux, calme et lumineuse. Parties communes avec salle de bain (baignoire) et très jolie cuisine toute équipée/ Very nice parisian flat, best neighbourhood, spacious & peaceful room.
32455		Beau grand appartement de 2 chambres dans immeuble calme et quartier animé.  2 minutes à pied de la ligne de métro 12 (Marx Dormoy) A proximité des commerces, restaurants et bars.
32456	CONVENIENCE : Provide bath towels. Sheets (website hidden) & INTERNET : No Internet but I've a wonderful video-projector so if you want to watch your films, put them on USB key :) BERTH : One double bed in the bedroom + a sofa which can welcome a third person if you need. THE CATS / THE HOUSE'S GUARDS : No particular rules. Only not let them go out.	"On the first floor, this charming apartment of 35m2 with woodwork on the ground and on the ceiling, has a room (large bed), a bathroom (with toilets), fully-equipped kitchen. ATTENTION : Cats on site. Ideal for couple (who likes cats). CONVENIENCE : Provide bath towels. Sheets (website hidden) & INTERNET : No Internet but I've a wonderful video-projector so if you want to watch your films, put them on USB key :) BERTH : One double bed in the bedroom + a sofa which can welcome a third person if you need. THE CATS / THE HOUSE'S GUARDS : No particular rules. Only not let them go out. The apartment is situated just near to the famous district of Abbesses and so his cathedral the “Sacré Coeur"". Nor far to Moulin Rouge or Cabaret Michou. The 18th and the 9th districts are well known to be full of little squares typicly parisian which allow to really take advantage of your holidays. You will can enjoy of several subway lines (Barbes, Anvers or Abbesses) to be mobile accross the capital. You c"
32457	Cet ancien atelier d'artiste est situé au cœur d'un quartier animé et très agréable du 18e arrondissement de Paris. Le quartier de Montmartre et la basilique du Sacré-Cœur sont accessible à une dizaine de minutes à pied et la mairie du 18è est toute proche également. L'appartement fait 40m², comprenant: - Une grande pièce avec un coin cuisine et un atelier - Une salle de bain avec baignoire - Toilettes séparés - Une chambre avec un grand lit 2 places. - Une cuisine équipée d'un four, d'un micro-onde, de plaques à gaz, de 2 machines à café (Senseo et Nespresso), d'une bouilloire, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un congélateur et d'un grille pain. L'appartement a tout le confort nécessaire y compris un accès wifi à internet et de la télévision par câble avec 200 chaines (Françaises et étrangères). Il est situé au rez de chaussé sur cours, il est très lumineux grâce à ces 8 fenêtres (murs et toits). L'immeuble est protégé par un code et la porte de l'atelier a une serrure sécurisée 3 points	Cet ancien atelier d'artiste est situé au cœur d'un quartier animé et très agréable du 18e arrondissement de Paris. Le quartier de Montmartre et la basilique du Sacré-Cœur sont accessible à une dizaine de minutes à pied et la mairie du 18è est toute proche également. L'appartement fait 40m², comprenant: - Une grande pièce avec un coin cuisine et un atelier - Une salle de bain avec baignoire - Toilettes séparés - Une chambre avec un grand lit 2 places. - Une cuisine équipée d'un four, d'un micro-onde, de plaques à gaz, de 2 machines à café (Senseo et Nespresso), d'une bouilloire, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un congélateur et d'un grille pain. L'appartement a tout le confort nécessaire y compris un accès wifi à internet et de la télévision par câble avec 200 chaines (Françaises et étrangères). Il est situé au rez de chaussé sur cours, il est très lumineux grâce à ces 8 fenêtres (murs et toits). L'immeuble est protégé par un code et la porte de l'atelier a une serrure sécurisée 3 points De l'aé
32458		Grand appartement ( 106 m2 ) dans un immeuble de type haussmannien avec ascenseur. Il occupe tout le 2ème étage bénéficiant ainsi de toutes les orientations . Charme de l'ancien: cheminées et gdes glaces, parquets, moulures, meubles de style... L'appartement se trouve à deux pas de la station de métro La Fourche et de nombreux autobus sillonnant Paris , proche aussi de la gare St Lazare.  Très proche également du périphérique en descendant à la porte Saint Ouen. Les magasins d'alimentation et de de toutes sortes sont nombreux dans le quartier ainsi que des restaurants. On peut prendre un taxi très facilement...
32459	"Magnifique appartement sous les toits de Paris avec vue sur le sacrée cœur, la Tour Eiffel, et le sud parisien. Situé à 50 m du sacré cœur et 100m du métro Abbesses, il est idéalement placé pour vos excursions touristiques ou professionnelles. L'appartement fait 55m2, il est totalement ouvert en semi duplex avec une grande chambre à l'étage, une seconde en bas avec salle de bain et un salon cuisine avec une très belle hauteur sous plafond. L'appartement est très joli, très fonctionnel, extrêmement lumineux tout au long de la journée. La cuisine est équipée si vous voulez cuisiner, dans le cas contraire vous trouverez plein d'excellents restaurants à deux pas. Le canapé dans le salon peut éventuellement accueillir une cinquième personne, l'appartement possède deux lits double. L'appartement est accessible en métro : La ligne 12 : Abbesses. Ligne 2:  Pigalle ou Anvers.  En bas de l'appartement vous avez un accès direct pour monter au "" Sacré cœur"" par le funiculaire. À deux rues plus bas"	"Magnifique appartement sous les toits de Paris, en plein Montmartre, dans l'une des rue les plus typique de ce quartier. Profiter de la vue sur le "" sacrée Cœur"", la ""Tour Eiffel"", et de l'ambiance du film "" Amélie Poulain"".  Un joli balcon vous accueillera pour les petits déjeuners ensoleillés. Magnifique appartement sous les toits de Paris avec vue sur le sacrée cœur, la Tour Eiffel, et le sud parisien. Situé à 50 m du sacré cœur et 100m du métro Abbesses, il est idéalement placé pour vos excursions touristiques ou professionnelles. L'appartement fait 55m2, il est totalement ouvert en semi duplex avec une grande chambre à l'étage, une seconde en bas avec salle de bain et un salon cuisine avec une très belle hauteur sous plafond. L'appartement est très joli, très fonctionnel, extrêmement lumineux tout au long de la journée. La cuisine est équipée si vous voulez cuisiner, dans le cas contraire vous trouverez plein d'excellents restaurants à deux pas. Le canapé dans le salon peut éventu"
32460	Notre appartement est un havre de paix au cœur de la ville. Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux ou en famille.	Situé au pied de la butte montmartre, très proche du métro (ligne 4, 12 et 13) dans une petite rue pavée, tourné sur un jardin intérieur, vous pourrez profiter du confort et de la tranquillité de notre appartement. quartier animé jour et nuit... Notre appartement est un havre de paix au cœur de la ville. Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux ou en famille. Nous vous laissons profiter de la cuisine salle à manger directement ouverte sur le salon, la chambre double, la salle de bain et les WC... Le quartier est aussi agréable le jour que la nuit. Le mercredi et le samedi, vous pourrez aller au marché Ordener à la sortie de la rue; tous les autres jours, au marché rue du poteau. L'apres-midi, vous pourrez vous promener sur la colline de Montmartre ou prendre le métro ou le bus pour acceder tres rapidement aux quartiers et activités de Paris (grands magasins à 15min...). Le soir vous pourrez profiter des nombreux petits bars ou restaurants du quartier. Metro les plus proches: Jules Joffrin, Lam
32461	Deux pièces, cuisine-salle à manger et chambre-salon (couchage clic-clac deux places). Cuisine spacieuse bien équipée. Notre chez nous.	Deux pièces cosy idéal couple, silencieux, lumineux, vue sur les toits! Tout confort. Aux pieds du métro Place de Clichy (10 min opéra, 15 min Louvre ou Champs Élysées... ) 10 min à pieds du Sacré Cœur, 5 min Moulin Rouge, 2 min des Batignolles...  Deux pièces, cuisine-salle à manger et chambre-salon (couchage clic-clac deux places). Cuisine spacieuse bien équipée. Notre chez nous. Accès wifi, pas de télévision. Lave vaisselle et lave linge à disposition. Attention, 5ème (sans ascenseur !!!) Avant de vous confier les clefs de notre chez-nous, nous serons heureux de vous accueillir et de vous donner tous les renseignements dont vous pourrez avoir besoin et de vous faire partager notre amour de Paris (bons plans sorties, restaurants....etc) Quartier animé, tous les commerces possibles à deux pas, très bien desservi par les transports en commun (bus, métro). Nombreux bars, restaurants et salles de spectacles à proximité. Métro lignes 13, 2, à 5 min de la ligne 3 (Europe) Bus Si vous voule
32462	The flat is furnished and equipped with all what you may need for your stay. You’ll have 2 beds at your disposal, a 2 person in the parental bedroom and 1 person with an additional mattress you can put on the floor. So, it can accommodate up to 4 people.  The flat has also an American style kitchen fully-equipped, including a fridge, dishwasher, if you want to prepare your own meals. It have a washing machine and a dryer you can use easily.  The bathroom has a shower and a washbasin. The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Montmartre. It is a trendy and vibrant neighborhood, ideal to enjoy Paris as a local ! The area is full of museums, fashion boutiques, restaurants, gardens…and other places of interest for sightseeing. The nightlife there is also very lively since Montmartre offers countless opportunities for entertainment.	Charming apartment  in the oldest building  of the street - about 1750.  It's at the 1st Floor with a large staircase access - no lift - Old charm ally in the modern comfort, with a pleasant south-side sunny terrace. The flat is furnished and equipped with all what you may need for your stay. You’ll have 2 beds at your disposal, a 2 person in the parental bedroom and 1 person with an additional mattress you can put on the floor. So, it can accommodate up to 4 people.  The flat has also an American style kitchen fully-equipped, including a fridge, dishwasher, if you want to prepare your own meals. It have a washing machine and a dryer you can use easily.  The bathroom has a shower and a washbasin. The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Montmartre. It is a trendy and vibrant neighborhood, ideal to enjoy Paris as a local ! The area is full of museums, fashion boutiques, restaurants, gardens…and other places of interest for sightseeing. The nightlife there is also very livel
32463	"Charming two rooms (4 beds) in Montmartre, very luminous, very calm, in the heart of the ""Boheme choc"" Abbesses area.  One bedroom with two beds, one big living room with a big sofa-bed. Kitchen, bathroom with large bath. Free Wifi"	"Charming two rooms (4 beds) in Montmartre, very luminous, very calm, in the heart of the ""Boheme choc"" Abbesses area.  One bedroom with two beds, one big living room with a big sofa-bed. Kitchen, bathroom with large bath. Free Wifi Access to every rooms I can help guests to find typical Parisian wine bars, great restaurants, excellent bakeries etc. There are many things to see and visit in the area, as le Sacré Coeur of course, la Butte Montmartre, and many charming hidden places or squares, unknown little streets, very good brasseries and food shops. There are many places in the area to go out all day and nigh long, such as bars, pubs, restaurants, clubs, music venues etc. Very close to Abbesses, Pigalle, Blanche metro stations"
32464		Deux pièces de caractère dans un immeuble des années 30, situé à quelques minutes a pied de la Butte de Montmartre. Immeuble calme. Quartier vivant, tous les commerces à proximité.
32465	The studio is ideal for 1 person or a couple. I never leave the place without my cat, so you won't have to carry about it. However, if you got one it's welcome.	Set in one of the most attractive zone of Paris, it's 25m2, ideal for 1 or 2 persons. On the 3rd  floor with lifts, it's equiped with a washing machine and wifi. Many convenience stores all around and 2mn from the metro Barbès-Rochechouart. The studio is ideal for 1 person or a couple. I never leave the place without my cat, so you won't have to carry about it. However, if you got one it's welcome. You're close from the Sacre Coeur, a great touristic zone with many many restaurants and bars, and from the never slipping Paris: the sexy Pigalle. 2mn from the station Barbes-Rochechouart (M2 & 4), 10mn from the station Abbesses (M12). There are also many buses, bikes and cars to rent (velib and autolib) just in front of the building. Train station are close too: Gare du nord and Gare de l'est (10 to 15mn walking).
32466	This beautiful spacious apartment of 140 sqm, fully renovated in 2014, is located in a beautiful Haussmann building. Designed to accommodate up to 4 people, it is made for this purpose with a nice living room with a corner sofa and a real dining area and two lovely separate rooms, equipped with a spacious dressing room. This apartment offers a lovely view of a beautiful garden. The beautiful kitchen is equipped so that you do not miss anything during your stay. As for the bathroom and shower room, it has a rain shower, clean towels included ideal for relaxing after a long day of walking the streets of the capital. The decoration of this apartment and comfort make no doubt a perfect option for a successful stay in the capital. In addition, you can enjoy all the technology available to you: flat screen TV with cable channels, wireless internet connection, both for work and for leisure.	Beautiful bright spacious apartment of 120 m2 in front of a sunny garden with a quiet and pleasant park for children including a living room, 2bedrooms a bathroom and a shower room dressing a few meters from the Butte Montmartre Blow of assured heart This beautiful spacious apartment of 140 sqm, fully renovated in 2014, is located in a beautiful Haussmann building. Designed to accommodate up to 4 people, it is made for this purpose with a nice living room with a corner sofa and a real dining area and two lovely separate rooms, equipped with a spacious dressing room. This apartment offers a lovely view of a beautiful garden. The beautiful kitchen is equipped so that you do not miss anything during your stay. As for the bathroom and shower room, it has a rain shower, clean towels included ideal for relaxing after a long day of walking the streets of the capital. The decoration of this apartment and comfort make no doubt a perfect option for a successful stay in the capital. In addition, 
32467		Belle chambre avec accès direct sur terrasse sans vis à vis dans une résidence calme et accueillante à 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré-cœur. L'appartement se trouve au pied du métro et est desservis par plusieurs lignes centrales! Grand lit idéal pour un couple, plusieurs rangements, commodité, parcking ...
32468	Comme une petite maison, ce duplex lumineux composé de deux pièces  bénéficie d'une terrasse privée.  Il est équipé de : Cuisine / four / lave-linge / lave-vaisselle / wifi Like a small house, this sunny duplex offers a private terrace. Fully équipes with Kitchen / microwave / Washing machine / dishwasher Wifi	Comme une petite maison ! Deux pièces en duplex au cœur de Montmartre avec terrasse privée. A deux pas des abbesses et du Sacré Cœur Like a small house! 2 rooms Flat (duplex) in the heart of Montmartre with private terrace. 2 steps away from Place des Abbesses and Sacré Cœur Comme une petite maison, ce duplex lumineux composé de deux pièces  bénéficie d'une terrasse privée.  Il est équipé de : Cuisine / four / lave-linge / lave-vaisselle / wifi Like a small house, this sunny duplex offers a private terrace. Fully équipes with Kitchen / microwave / Washing machine / dishwasher Wifi Logement entier avec toutes les facilités. Montmartre est un quartier vivant avec de nombreux cafés et restaurants. Le Sacré Coeur à Proximité offre un point incroyable sur Paris Les Abbesses in Montmartre is a lively and chatming area with many restaurants and cafés. Sacré cœur offers a tremendous point of view on Paris. Métro Abbesses ou Pigalle. La ligne 2 offre une connexion rapide (3 stations) avec la Ga
32469	Small 35 sq/m - 2 rooms appartment (with a small shower room and separated kitchen) convenientely located very near by Montmartre and Batignolles and less than 200 meters from metro station Place de Clichy. In an old Haussmann styled building, on the 3rd floor (no elevator ... It's the ransom for authenticity), this flat can accommodate 2 adults and a kid (not more). I can provide a baby bed or an army foldable bed. Facing a small dead end alley, ii enjoys bright day light and it's preserved from the noise of the main street. All usual equipment are available (Nespresso etc.). It's my own house, not a R£B purposed flat. The design, furnitures are a reflection of my personality. Hence, I'm looking for responsible tenants who will respect as much as enjoy my very own private space.	Small 35 sq/m - 2 rooms appartment (with a small shower room and separated kitchen) convenientely located very near by Montmartre and Batignolles and less than 200 meters from metro station Place de Clichy. In an old Haussmann styled building, on the 3rd floor (no elevator ... It's the ransom for authenticity), this flat can accommodate 2 adults and a kid (not more). I can provide a baby bed or an army foldable bed. Facing a small dead end alley, ii enjoys bright day light and it's preserved from the noise of the main street. All usual equipment are available (Nespresso etc.). It's my own house, not a R£B purposed flat. The design, furnitures are a reflection of my personality. Hence, I'm looking for responsible tenants who will respect as much as enjoy my very own private space. U will have total access to the appartment and its facilities Place Clichy is located in the hearth of the XVIII district of Paris, a few hundred meters from Montmartre, Batignolles, Pigalle etc.  There are lo
32470	Paris apartment 2 minutes of the Sacred Heart , Montmartre, with 2 rooms , an entrance, 1 bedroom with a real bed , 1 living room ( very comfortable sofa bed , 1 kitchenette , 1 shower room with washing machine dryer on the 3rd floor elevator. NEUF	NEW.2 minutes of the Sacred Heart, St. Peter's Market and the Butte Montmartre, 2/4 people with 2 rooms, 1 hall, 1 bedroom with 1 real bed, 1 living/very comfortable sofa bed, kitchenette, 1 shower, wash and dryer machine in the 3 floor with elevator Paris apartment 2 minutes of the Sacred Heart , Montmartre, with 2 rooms , an entrance, 1 bedroom with a real bed , 1 living room ( very comfortable sofa bed , 1 kitchenette , 1 shower room with washing machine dryer on the 3rd floor elevator. NEUF Internet TV Wifi 150 channels washing dryer, Nespresso . A few steps you can discover at your parties Place des Tertre and its artists, theaters, cabarets and the legendary Moulin Rouge which make the charm of the Parisian district .  Montmartre located in front of the Sacred Heart in the 18th district , immerses you in one of the whirlpools and tourist districts of Paris : Montmartre . Paris : Montmartre . 150 TV channels and wireless internet Parking (fee ): nearby public All ... pubs, cabaret
32471	THE FLAT/ Welcome in Paris, experience Montmartre and the Parisian way of life ! Feel at home in our typical and cosy parisian flat (60 m2 / 645 ft2), a 3-rooms appartment  in an old typical parisian building. The flat is very quiet, sunny and very well located. Views on the Eiffel’s tower and on Abbesses’ square. 5th floor. No elevator : take a sit on the balcony to enjoy the great view of Paris!  Located in the heart of Abbesses, a hipster and trendy place very close to Pigalle. This borough is cosmopolitan and artistic.	Welcome in our 3 pieces flat (60m2)in Montmartre! Quiet and Sunny, the view over the Eiffel'stower will surprise you! Come to enjoy a nice private room and a very spacious living-room with a   THE FLAT/ Welcome in Paris, experience Montmartre and the Parisian way of life ! Feel at home in our typical and cosy parisian flat (60 m2 / 645 ft2), a 3-rooms appartment  in an old typical parisian building. The flat is very quiet, sunny and very well located. Views on the Eiffel’s tower and on Abbesses’ square. 5th floor. No elevator : take a sit on the balcony to enjoy the great view of Paris!  Located in the heart of Abbesses, a hipster and trendy place very close to Pigalle. This borough is cosmopolitan and artistic. Fully equiped open kitchen including an oven, a dishwasher, a fridge, induction cooker and a washing machine. Feel free to use the water boiler to taste good teas, and to try our expressos. The living-room is very cosy and large, including a leather sofa, a wooden table and a T
32472	Grand canapé d'angle pouvant se déplier pour devenir lit double . Petite table basse lui faisant face . 1 chambre, 1 salon avec une télévision. Une salle de bain avec machine a laver, Une cuisine équipée avec micro-onde et gazinière. Le quartier est très vivant mais l'appartement est bien insonorisée . La peinture brique et la décoration africaine donne une ambiance chaleureuse  à l'ensemble .    Remarque : La pression de la douche n'est pas très forte . La rue donne sur un marché et n'est donc pas très propre le soir.  La porte de l'immeuble s'ouvre grâce à un code dans la journée et à un badge le soir .  Une machine a laver le linge et un lave vaisselle . Une gaziniere, un micro onde, grille pain frigo etc... L'armoire de coin de la chambre et le meuble bar ainsi que les bouteilles ne sont pas a disposition . Présentation de l'appartement avec remise des clefs en main propre . Le marché africain ou l'on trouve de tout dans la rue poulet , la rue Custine très chic en face , la proximi	Appartement/flat  45 m^2 2 -4  personnes/ people Cuisine équipée / fully équippedkitchen  grand salon/big living room chambre  lit double / double room salle de bain / bathroom Metro/subway 1 min Line 4 Quartier africain /  african neighbourhood Sacre cœur 10 min insonorisé / soundproof 4  étage/floor sans ascenseur / without elevator Grand canapé d'angle pouvant se déplier pour devenir lit double . Petite table basse lui faisant face . 1 chambre, 1 salon avec une télévision. Une salle de bain avec machine a laver, Une cuisine équipée avec micro-onde et gazinière. Le quartier est très vivant mais l'appartement est bien insonorisée . La peinture brique et la décoration africaine donne une ambiance chaleureuse  à l'ensemble .    Remarque : La pression de la douche n'est pas très forte . La rue donne sur un marché et n'est donc pas très propre le soir.  La porte de l'immeuble s'ouvre grâce à un code dans la journée et à un badge le soir .  Une machine a laver le linge et un lave vaisselle
32473	Fully furnished, nice framed artwork, cosy, studio available. Separate kitchen with pots and pans that you can use. One bathroom. 8th floor in a building with elevator. Requires access code and key card to enter for added security. Linens and towels provided. Closet and armoire for storage.  Wifi; washing machine; dishwasher; upright piano; Danish Hi-Fi Dolby surround combined with HD video projector for home cinema. Don't hesitate for further questions. There are some improvements made with the decoration which are not on the pics.	Upright piano, Danish Hi-Fi DTS combined HD video projector for home cinema… Many Blue Ray DVDs that you can use. Fully furnished, nice framed artwork, cosy, studio available. Separate kitchen with pots and pans that you can use. One bathroom. 8th floor in a building with elevator. Requires access code and key card to enter for added security. Linens and towels provided. Closet and armoire for storage.  Wifi; washing machine; dishwasher; upright piano; Danish Hi-Fi Dolby surround combined with HD video projector for home cinema. Don't hesitate for further questions. There are some improvements made with the decoration which are not on the pics. I'll provide you your own key. I'll leave you messages if I'm going out with friend to place that a traveller might like. Near Gare du Nord (trains to London, Amsterdam, Brussels, Germany, etc.). Extremely well served by public transportation: five subway lines and several bus lines within 2-minute walking distance. Saturday and Wednesday market
32474	Dans le XVIII arrondissement de paris, au pied de la butte, proche commerces, 2 pièces 40m2, balconnet, lumineux,  fleurie, mon appart est ouvert à tous! Baignoire, cuisine équipée, TV ( Netflix, canalsat, Bein,...), home cinéma, vidéo projecteur, WIFI, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, instrument de musique, skate, animaux bienvenus,... Dispo et réponse rapide. In the 18 district, at the bottom of Montmartre, a lots of shops around, 40m2, small balcony, bright, flowers and cooking plants, my flat is open to anybody! Bath, equipped kitchen, TV in english (Netflix, Canalsat ), home cinema, video projector, WIFI,  washing machine, dish machine, musical instrument, skateboards, pet friendly,.... Quick answer and available anytime.	Dans le XVIII arrondissement de paris, au pied de la butte, proche commerces, 2 pièces 40m2, balconnet, lumineux,  fleurie, mon appart est ouvert à tous! Baignoire, cuisine équipée, TV ( Netflix, canalsat, Bein,...), home cinéma, vidéo projecteur, WIFI, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, instrument de musique, skate, animaux bienvenus,... Dispo et réponse rapide. In the 18 district, at the bottom of Montmartre, a lots of shops around, 40m2, small balcony, bright, flowers and cooking plants, my flat is open to anybody! Bath, equipped kitchen, TV in english (Netflix, Canalsat ), home cinema, video projector, WIFI,  washing machine, dish machine, musical instrument, skateboards, pet friendly,.... Quick answer and available anytime. Proche de Montmartre, de la rue des Abbesses, du marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen, de Pigalle et du Moulin Rouge, cet appart est idéal comme point de chute dans la capitale.  10 minutes du coeur de Montmartre, à 20 minutes du centre de Paris (Champs Élysées, Louvre
32475	Very nice area (next to Sacré Coeur), 35m² in an historic hausmanian building.	My flat is ideal for a couple. This 35m2 flat is located in a very calm area. You can reach the Sacré Coeur in 5 minutes walking. It arranges all the conveniences. Very nice area (next to Sacré Coeur), 35m² in an historic hausmanian building. You'll access all the flat, including washing machine, microwave, free wi-fi, a brand choice of DVD and books if you feel in a cocooning mood. I ll be there in the beginning to give you the keys and show you all the tricks about the gas machinery (yes it is an old building so some recommendations are usefull :)) Situated in the living heart of Montmartre, you'll be able to Climb up to le sacré coeur very easily (if you can match all the stairs leading to it :)) Very close to Roissy Charles de Gaule (North of Paris), the place is really close to Lamarck station and marcadet poissoniers.
32476	"if you re fed up with hotels and want to spend some time in paris in a cosy home , thisis for you... a nice parisian haussmanian appartement with three rooms and one dining / office room where u can have a sofa for two as well ? which gives you the ppossiblities of 6 people sleeping ; a seperate kitchen where you can coock your favorite dishes :) nest to you, the ""sacré coeur"" , pigale, abesses, opera... an the shopping centers of lafayette are at 15mn walk... quite and cosy home waiting for you . details :) one bedroom with double bed  one bedroom with two beds ( one over the other , superpossed, ) one sofa ( sleeping double two persons) one seprate kitchen  seperate toilets seprate bathroom small balcony overviewing  "	"a spacious home is awaiting you in mont martre area, 10mn wawy from the church ""sacree coeur"". historical area with beautiful promenades by feet or bus , and if you feel like cheking out the night life, moulin rouge in pigale area is a block away..."
32477	Nice renovated apartment at the foot of the Butte Montmartre. Very well fitted composed of a bright living room with a double sofa bed, a fully furnished and modern kitchen and a bedroom. It is perfect for a peaceful stay in the parisian capital.	Nice renovated apartment at the foot of the Butte Montmartre. Very well fitted composed of a bright living room with a double sofa bed, a fully furnished and modern kitchen and a bedroom. It is perfect for a peaceful stay in the parisian capital. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Château Rouge (M4) 297 m Marcadet - Poissonniers (M12/M4) 431 m We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligati
32478	Quiet and charming	Fully equipped studio flat on top of the Montmartre Hill. Close to all local independant shops in Abbesses and the Basilique Sacre-Coeur. Quiet and charming Quiet cobblestone and hilly Montmartre street.  The studio is self-catered. The keys are usually held by one of the neighbouring agency to enable easy access.  It's Paris! walking is the best way to enjoy the Montmartre hill of take the little Montmartrebus for a tour around the Hill of Montmartre. Near the métro Abbesses line 12 and Pigalle line 2. always switch on the ventilation fan when leaving the premises to enable permanent flow of fresh air into the studio and avoid stale air. Keep the shutters of the kitchen Closed when leaving the premises. When staying many days clean the drain of the shower to avoid getting blocked up. Don't flush anything else but toilet paper in the toilet.
32479		Very Charming, Calm & Cosy Flat (10mn walk from Montmartre)  Fully furnished - Big bedrooms (king size bed) 4th floor, 5mn walk to metro J. Joffrin, Guy Moquet (line 12 & 13)  Very friendly host, will be at your disposal during your stay !
32480	Proche du Sacré cœur dans un quartier très parisien.	Proche du Sacré cœur dans un quartier très parisien. Métro/RER/Bus Montmartre à pied Téléphone, mail, une personne (voisine et amie) sur place en cas de soucis. Beaucoup de bars, très animés, bobo, artistes, populaire... Depuis aéroport RER + métro Depuis gares métro 
32481	Bienvenue dans mon appartement au cœur du 18ème.  Moulures et parquet donnent un charme à ce 2 pièces agréable de 44 m2 et lumineux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Au 4ème étage, vous bénéficierez d'un espace bien agencé : le salon avec un canapé d'angle convertible pour 2 personnes, deux fauteuils, une table, 8 chaises plus une télévision écran plat et un lecteur  dvd b-ray. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, four, plaques vitro céramique, réfrigérateur avec un mini congélateur, lave vaisselle, grille pain, bouilloire, vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge. La salle de bain petite a une douche, un lavabo, un WC et un sèche serviettes. Nous fournissons l'ensemble du linge de maison nécessaire à votre séjour, serviettes de toilettes, draps et couettes. Vous dormirez au calme dans une chambre sur cour avec un lit de 140x200 de qualité, rangement et penderie. Vous trouverez un petit guide pratique en français ou en anglais contenant des informations relatives à l'appartement ains	A 2 pas de la Butte Montmartre et du Sacré Cœur, appartement parisien lumineux de 44 m2. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, à quelques minutes de 3 lignes de métro dans le quartier convivial de Jules Joffrin et de Lamarck Caulaincourt Bienvenue dans mon appartement au cœur du 18ème.  Moulures et parquet donnent un charme à ce 2 pièces agréable de 44 m2 et lumineux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Au 4ème étage, vous bénéficierez d'un espace bien agencé : le salon avec un canapé d'angle convertible pour 2 personnes, deux fauteuils, une table, 8 chaises plus une télévision écran plat et un lecteur  dvd b-ray. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, four, plaques vitro céramique, réfrigérateur avec un mini congélateur, lave vaisselle, grille pain, bouilloire, vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge. La salle de bain petite a une douche, un lavabo, un WC et un sèche serviettes. Nous fournissons l'ensemble du linge de maison nécessaire à votre séjour, serviettes de toilettes, draps et co
32482	Pleasant large flat in Monmartre close to the Sacré Coeur. American kitchen and two separate bedroom. A bathroom with a bath. A living room with a large vue on the Paris's roofs.	In one of the most beautiful and charismatic districts of Paris... 200 meters far away from Sacré-Cœur! Pleasant large flat in Monmartre close to the Sacré Coeur. American kitchen and two separate bedroom. A bathroom with a bath. A living room with a large vue on the Paris's roofs. Métro Abbesses
32483	"(Pour le français, voir ci-dessous) ** The apartment is all for you. I won't be in it. *** NO MATTER WHAT - DO NOT RESERVE ON YOUR OWN. ONLY WAY POSSIBLE IS TO CONFIRM MY OFFER THAT I SEND YOU. ""Yehuda was so nice and helpful, and made everything easy for us. I especially appreciated his tips for restaurants, bakeries and bars in the area. This is a nice compact and quiet apartment in a convenient location, very close to the Metro. Lovely neighborhood, lots of nice shops, restaurants and bakeries close by. Near to the tourist spots and shopping areas. Wireless network and well fitted apartment. We enjoyed our stay a lot so we can just recommend this apartment."" (Danijela, June 2013) What more can I say? :-) A Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in the most charming part of Paris: Montmartre, excellent location, near the Pigalle and Abbesses metro stations. The location :  The apartment is very near the metro stations and is 15-20 minutes away from the Louvre and the Notre Dame;  It is 5 minute"	"The best location you can dream of in Paris. House is near the metro, near touristic sites. Real Parisian experience. (Pour le français, voir ci-dessous) ** The apartment is all for you. I won't be in it. *** NO MATTER WHAT - DO NOT RESERVE ON YOUR OWN. ONLY WAY POSSIBLE IS TO CONFIRM MY OFFER THAT I SEND YOU. ""Yehuda was so nice and helpful, and made everything easy for us. I especially appreciated his tips for restaurants, bakeries and bars in the area. This is a nice compact and quiet apartment in a convenient location, very close to the Metro. Lovely neighborhood, lots of nice shops, restaurants and bakeries close by. Near to the tourist spots and shopping areas. Wireless network and well fitted apartment. We enjoyed our stay a lot so we can just recommend this apartment."" (Danijela, June 2013) What more can I say? :-) A Beautiful 2 rooms apartment in the most charming part of Paris: Montmartre, excellent location, near the Pigalle and Abbesses metro stations. The location :  The a"
32484		Wifi,tv,radiateur et tous le confort parisien
32485	Beau deux pièces de 50 mètres carrés - 3e étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble haussmannien, typiquement parisien, au pied de la butte Montmartre, avec parquet, moulures, charme de l'ancien dans un bel immeuble pierre de taille. Chambre calme, sur cour, avec un grand lit 2 places (160 cm). Dans la cuisine, lave-linge et sèche-linge, gaz, four et micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle et bien sur toute la vaisselle dont vous aurez besoin. Draps et serviettes sont fournis, Internet wifi haut débit illimité. Petite salle de bains agréable, avec baignoire sabot et douche, lavabo et toilettes. 	Appartement 50 m2 dans bel immeuble haussmannien à Montmartre. Métro Marcadet-Poissonnier et Chateau Rouge. 1 chambre, 1 séjour, 1 cuisine équipée, WC, salle de bains. Libre uniquement pendant mes périodes de vacances puisque c'est mon lieu de vie. Beau deux pièces de 50 mètres carrés - 3e étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble haussmannien, typiquement parisien, au pied de la butte Montmartre, avec parquet, moulures, charme de l'ancien dans un bel immeuble pierre de taille. Chambre calme, sur cour, avec un grand lit 2 places (160 cm). Dans la cuisine, lave-linge et sèche-linge, gaz, four et micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle et bien sur toute la vaisselle dont vous aurez besoin. Draps et serviettes sont fournis, Internet wifi haut débit illimité. Petite salle de bains agréable, avec baignoire sabot et douche, lavabo et toilettes.  Proche tous commerces, supermarché juste en face de l'immeuble, et métro très proche. Le métro le plus proche est Marcadet-Poissonniers sur la ligne 4 et 12, et Chateau-Ro
32486	Very cosy appartement located in Montmartre next to the Sacré Coeur.  You ll be in the heart of the Montmartre village to feel the parisian experience !!  You ll find lots of restaurants and bar around to chill out ! 2 min walk from tube station and you ll reach All places in Paris very easily ! You will feel the parisian experience in the area with all small streets, hidden shops and restaurant... BEDROOM A nice bedroom with a single bed, Place to hang your close, you ll have a good and quiet sleep ! LIVING ROOM Cosy and quiet too.  You ll find a very confortable sofa bed for two ,  TV and WIFI !  You can see Paris looking by the windows and find a small typical street next to a nice garden!  BATHROOM & KITCHEN Small and functionnal , you ll find what you need to cook , have breakfast and a good shower . You will find everything you need, towels, shits, waching machine. There is no elevator in the building and the flat is located 4th floor. A healthy exercice before climbing stairs of	Very cosy appartement located in Montmartre next to the Sacré Coeur.  You ll be in the heart of the Montmartre village to feel the parisian experience !!  You ll find lots of restaurants and bar around to chill out ! 2 min walk from tube station and you ll reach All places in Paris very easily ! You will feel the parisian experience in the area with all small streets, hidden shops and restaurant... BEDROOM A nice bedroom with a single bed, Place to hang your close, you ll have a good and quiet sleep ! LIVING ROOM Cosy and quiet too.  You ll find a very confortable sofa bed for two ,  TV and WIFI !  You can see Paris looking by the windows and find a small typical street next to a nice garden!  BATHROOM & KITCHEN Small and functionnal , you ll find what you need to cook , have breakfast and a good shower . You will find everything you need, towels, shits, waching machine. There is no elevator in the building and the flat is located 4th floor. A healthy exercice before climbing stairs of
32487	The apartment features:  - one living room with a sofa that can possibly host one extra person - one combined dining room/adult bedroom with a king size bed and cable TV, XBox 360... - one kids bedroom with two single beds, two desks, one extra matelas and a cupboard  - one separate kitchen open to the living room, with 4 gaz cooktops, a microwave-oven, a oven, a Nespresso coffee machine (capsules not included), a water boiler, a toaster, a washing and drying machine, a dishwasher - one bathroom with a bath/shower - one separate toilets - an entrance hall with a fridge/freezer Towels and bed sheets are at disposal. Free wifi.	At the border of the Montmartre area in the XVIIIth district, enjoy our 58 square meters flat on the 4th floor of the building, ideal for a couple with two children and possibly 1 more person. The apartment features:  - one living room with a sofa that can possibly host one extra person - one combined dining room/adult bedroom with a king size bed and cable TV, XBox 360... - one kids bedroom with two single beds, two desks, one extra matelas and a cupboard  - one separate kitchen open to the living room, with 4 gaz cooktops, a microwave-oven, a oven, a Nespresso coffee machine (capsules not included), a water boiler, a toaster, a washing and drying machine, a dishwasher - one bathroom with a bath/shower - one separate toilets - an entrance hall with a fridge/freezer Towels and bed sheets are at disposal. Free wifi. We are located at the Marcadet-Poissonniers station where you can get 2 subway lines: 4 and 12. Gare du Nord is only 3 stations away and can bring you to the CDG and Orly ai
32488		Luminous room and the use of living room kitchen and bathroom. Towels and clean sheets at your disposal. close to M° lines 4, 12 & 2. Looking forward to hear from you ! clo lively and exotic !
32489	L'appartement a été refait à neuf cet été. Il est très fonctionnel, avec une chambre, un salon et une cuisine ouverte sur le salon.  De déco très épurée, vous vous sentirez chez vous. Et si vous aimez la musique, un système de sonorisation qualitatif est présent ! Vous pourrez écouter vos chansons préférées !!!	Appartement 2 pièces, entièrement équipé.  Situé à 2 mn du métro La Chapelle ou Marx Dormoy, à proximité de Pigalle et de Montmartre.  Il y a un lit 2 places et un canapé dans le salon. On peut facilement y loger à 3 ou 4 personnes. L'appartement a été refait à neuf cet été. Il est très fonctionnel, avec une chambre, un salon et une cuisine ouverte sur le salon.  De déco très épurée, vous vous sentirez chez vous. Et si vous aimez la musique, un système de sonorisation qualitatif est présent ! Vous pourrez écouter vos chansons préférées !!! Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement car il n'est disponible que lorsque je suis absent ! Lors de votre venue, je vous accueillerai et on pourra échanger avec plaisir si vous avez besoin de conseil sur votre visite à Paris :) Quartier très dynamique en pleine réhabilitation urbaine ! Vous avez tout à proximité (magasins, restaurants, bars...) Accès facile par Métro et RER
32490	Petit appartement cosy en rez-de-chaussée, très agréable avec la cour, très calme. Il dispose d'une chambre séparée, d'un salon avec kitchenette, et d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC. La mezzanine est grande et permet de tenir assis sans aucun problème.	Charmant petit deux pièces au rez-de-chaussée avec cour semi-privative, idéal pour un couple. Très calme, il dispose d'une chambre avec un lit pour deux personnes en mezzanine, et un lit d'appoint pour 1 personne. Petit appartement cosy en rez-de-chaussée, très agréable avec la cour, très calme. Il dispose d'une chambre séparée, d'un salon avec kitchenette, et d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC. La mezzanine est grande et permet de tenir assis sans aucun problème. Lors de votre séjour, toutes les pièces vous seront accessibles, l'espace de la cour également. N'hésitez pas à vous installer sur la petite table pour partager un repas ou seulement prendre l'air. Étant actuellement en déplacement, c'est Vera qui se chargera de vous accueillir, et vous fournir tous les renseignements utiles durant votre séjour chez moi. A mi-chemin entre le Sacré-cœur (la butte Montmartre est à 5 minutes à pied) et Barbès, le quartier est très vivant, dynamique et rempli de bonnes adresses à découvrir ! I
32491	Appartement de 60m² traversant situé au 2ème étage dans une copropriété propre et sécurisée avec digicode et interphone. l'appartement a récement été refait à neuf, il possède tout le confort souhaité, il est composé d'un couloir qui dessert , une cuisine équipée, une chambre à coucher sur cour avec un lit double de 160 cm, un salon de 26m² equipé d'un confortable canapé-lit de 2 places, une salle de bains et un wc separé	Charming apartment 60sqm 4 persons .   2nd floor with lift. Living room 26sqm with convertible comfortable bedsofa for two. A bedroom with a doublebed, a fully equipped kitchen, bath and separate wc. Dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine, microwave, internet, Tv cable Great parisian lively area, all kind of restaurants, bars, cafes, shops and boutiques, close to Sacré Cœur , walking distance to Opéra area . 3 underground stations, several buses, Velibe stations Metro Abbesses or Blanche, Bus 95,80,30
32492		Very cute and cosy 1 bedroom appartment in the heart of Montmartre! Montmartre is the symbol of Paris with the Moulin Rouge, the Sacred Heart Basilica, and the true old athmosphere of the capital! The apartment has a living room, separate bedroom with bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen!
32493	Magnifique studio de 42 m2 comprenant une très belle pièce à vivre avec un ravissant coin séjour et un lit tout confort.  Le studio comprend également une cuisine équipée séparée (lave-linge, sèche-linge, frigo, micro-ondes, wi-fi) et une salle de douche séparée avec WC.  Le studio se situe dans résidence sécurisée et calme au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus célèbres et les plus animés de Paris 	Magnifique studio de 42 m2 comprenant une très belle pièce à vivre avec un ravissant coin séjour et un lit tout confort.  Le studio comprend également une cuisine équipée séparée (lave-linge, sèche-linge, frigo, micro-ondes, wi-fi) et une salle de douche séparée avec WC.  Le studio se situe dans résidence sécurisée et calme au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus célèbres et les plus animés de Paris  tous les équipements sont disponibles ainsi que les provisions d'alimentation échange par mail et telephone. je ne reside pas sur place et selon l'heure d'arrivée je me trouverai sur place ou confierai la clé à un tiers. animation, diversité dans le quartier et residence sécurisée train metro et bus ou taxi centre de Paris
32494	Je propose un joli deux pièces de 40 m2, 3e étage donnant sur cour dans un immeuble agréable et convivial. Chambre avec lit deux places et salon avec canapé lit 2 places. Machine à laver, accès à internet, plaques électriques de cuisson, frigo.	Beau 2 pièces de 40m2 situé entre Montmartre, le Canal de l'ourcq et le parc des buttes chaumont. Parquet et belle hauteur sur plafond, au 3e étage, l'appartement est calme et donne sur cour. Je propose un joli deux pièces de 40 m2, 3e étage donnant sur cour dans un immeuble agréable et convivial. Chambre avec lit deux places et salon avec canapé lit 2 places. Machine à laver, accès à internet, plaques électriques de cuisson, frigo. Situation centrale, à quelques pas canal de l'ourcq et du canal saint martin, à quelques minutes du 104, du parc des buttes chaumont et de montmartre, à une vingtaine de minutes du centre historique  (Châtelet, musée du Louvre, Notre Dame) Des conseils de visites et de choses à faire à Paris et aux alentours, des bons plans sortie, restos et bars. Proche Canal Saint Martin. Commerces et cinémas à proximité, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble. Métro, bus, RER, vélos : très bien desservi. Proche gare du nord et gare de l'est.
32495	Charming three bedrooms apartment, at the foot of Montmartre, ideally located across from Jules Joffrin Metro, filled with a popular and bohemia atmosphere!  Overlooking the town hall and the church from the 5th floor, the flat has big massive windows all around and is filled with light every day of the year. Especially in summer!!  The apartment is composed of a dining room, a spacious living room with a sofa (which can be used as a single bed), an separated fully equipped kitchen, a master bedroom with a double bed,  a bedroom with 2 kid's beds (a single bed and a cot), and another kid's room with a single bed and a bathroom with bath. There is a convertible chair which turns into a single bed for an extra person (adult or child) to sleep.  Computer and internet connection available. Linen and towels provided.  Convenient if travelling with children as the kids bedrooms are full of toys (for our 3 and 6 year olds) and a extra portable cot available on request as well.   The kitchen a	Very beautiful and spacious apartment, stylish and decorated with taste. Friendly and kids friendly. Amazing location in Paris. (Montmartre). We keep it affordable to make it accessible to as many as possible. Charming three bedrooms apartment, at the foot of Montmartre, ideally located across from Jules Joffrin Metro, filled with a popular and bohemia atmosphere!  Overlooking the town hall and the church from the 5th floor, the flat has big massive windows all around and is filled with light every day of the year. Especially in summer!!  The apartment is composed of a dining room, a spacious living room with a sofa (which can be used as a single bed), an separated fully equipped kitchen, a master bedroom with a double bed,  a bedroom with 2 kid's beds (a single bed and a cot), and another kid's room with a single bed and a bathroom with bath. There is a convertible chair which turns into a single bed for an extra person (adult or child) to sleep.  Computer and internet connection avai
32496	"Wonderful 46m² appartment fully equiped (see details) located near the ""Batignolles"" village. Montmartre and Pigalle are close, metro (L13) at 100 meters will bring directly to Champs Elysées, Invalides, Saint Lazare and Montparnasse Stations, etc."	"Wonderful 46m² appartment fully equiped (see details) located near the ""Batignolles"" village. Montmartre and Pigalle are close, metro (L13) at 100 meters will bring directly to Champs Elysées, Invalides, Saint Lazare and Montparnasse Stations, etc. Wonderful 46m² appartment fully equiped (see details) located near the ""Batignolles"" village. Montmartre and Pigalle are close, metro (L13) at 100 meters will bring directly to Champs Elysées, Invalides, Saint Lazare and Montparnasse Stations, etc. 1 living room with TV/Sound system 1 dinning room with tables and chairs from 4 to 8 sits, 1 fully equiped kitchen 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 people 1 bathroom,  WC In most of the cases, I will personally welcome guests in the appartment for the briefing. Drinks and snacks will be proposed. piece of advice le parc Martin Luther King le square des Batignolles le 151 bis rue Cardiner (restaurant) Metro Line number 13 is at 100 meters, station ""Brochant"" a lot of buses are also available (see RATP we"
32497	Idéalement situé pour les voyageurs arrivant des aéroports, ou de la Gare du Nord, il est composé d'une vaste pièce à vivre largement éclairée communiquant avec la cuisine. La chambre est séparée avec une grande fenêtre. La cuisine est toute équipée ainsi que la salle de bain (douche, WC, lavabo). Il convient pour 2 ou 3 personnes.	Idéalement situé pour les voyageurs arrivant des aéroports, ou de la Gare du Nord, il est composé d'une vaste pièce à vivre largement éclairée communiquant avec la cuisine. La chambre est séparée avec une grande fenêtre. La cuisine est toute équipée ainsi que la salle de bain (douche, WC, lavabo). Il convient pour 2 ou 3 personnes. La butte Montmartre se situe à 2 arrêts de métro (ligne 2). Le marché de l'Olive, avec sa halle couverte, permet de faire ses courses tous les jours. Dans la rue Pajol, juste derrière chez moi, vous pourrez découvrir les cafés, boulangeries, boutiques. Enfin dans la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, qui mène à la Gare du Nord, vous découvrirez des centaines de restaurants indiens, vendeurs de saris et autres merveilles venues d'Inde.  Vous pouvez arrivez par la ligne 2, métro La Chapelle. Cette station communique avec la Gare du Nord ainsi que la ligne de RER qui va à l'aéroport (RER B). La station Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) et Stalingrad (ligne 7) permettent égaleme
32498		Renting my 80sqm apartment. Nice Lively Flat in the inner Paris.  Between popular & arty area you will appreciated the atmosphere. 15 min from Montmartre.  5 min from public transportation (Gare du Nord).
32499	Our Guests will fall in love with the calm of the charming pedestrian street where the building is located. It is quite unique to stay in a place that is only 3 minutes walk from famous Sacré-Coeur.	Lovely appartement located in the heart of Montmartre, in a pedestrian street with trees running along the side. The street leads directly to famous Sacré-Coeur (3 minutes walk!). This 30 square meters apartment has a capacity of 4 Guests. It has been fully renovated in June 2012, and decorated with great attention to details. The flat is located on the 3rd floor of a typical building of Montmartre. The apartment is calm, super cosy and fully equiped. Our Guests will fall in love with the calm of the charming pedestrian street where the building is located. It is quite unique to stay in a place that is only 3 minutes walk from famous Sacré-Coeur. Private apartment. We are happy to help our Guests with any question they might have. Montmartre is one of the most famous districts in Paris, and also one of the most picturesque. People love to  come here to visit famous Sacré-Coeur Basilica, and enjoy the incredible view, rising high above the Paris rooftops from across the city. The 130 me
32500	"You will be welcomed by a bottle of French wine specially selected by myself and touristic guide of Paris and my area. It's a lovely flat at the foot of the famous ""sacré cœur"" of Montmartre. You will enjoy a pleasant living room, a full furnished kitchen and an enjoyable bedroom. Everything for the breakfast is included (cafe, thea, jam, honey, orange juice) The third person will sleep in the living room on the sofa. It's not a a sofa-bed but a double fainting sofa. The biggest one become a bed 180X90cm. "	"Lovely 2 rooms flat fully furnished at the foot of Montmartre. Located at the third and last floor of a quiet private residence. Lovely and livelly area with bar, restaurant, ""boulangerie"". Breakfast and welcoming bottle of wine included! You will be welcomed by a bottle of French wine specially selected by myself and touristic guide of Paris and my area. It's a lovely flat at the foot of the famous ""sacré cœur"" of Montmartre. You will enjoy a pleasant living room, a full furnished kitchen and an enjoyable bedroom. Everything for the breakfast is included (cafe, thea, jam, honey, orange juice) The third person will sleep in the living room on the sofa. It's not a a sofa-bed but a double fainting sofa. The biggest one become a bed 180X90cm.  You will have access to the totality of the flat For my guess I can recommended some places, book restaurant/theater and other services. Ideally located at the foot of Montmartre and the famous ""Sacré cœur"". You can reach by foot in 10 minutes the f"
32501	The apartment consists of a large voluminous room, with a bedroom and a kitchen. The living room has a dining table and the kitchen is equipped with appliances (ceramic hob, refrigerator, oven, dishwasher). The room has a double bed with high quality mattresses. Sleeping cases are also provided. To store your personal belongings, you have a large dressing room and several storage spaces. Very bright room has a double glazed window ensuring perfect tranquility. The kitchen is equipped with all household appliances necessary to make his own meals. You have a ceramic plate with two fires. A side are oven, dishwasher and a large refrigerator. Many arrangements exist in which there are pots, pans, plates and cutlery for all your meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner).	Furnished apartment with 2 rooms, 32m2, sunny. On the 4th floor. Double glazing, parquet. Living room (TV, dining table, sofa), Equipped Kitchen, Bedroom (bed 2 places), bathroom (bath, washing machine, dryer), Internet. The apartment consists of a large voluminous room, with a bedroom and a kitchen. The living room has a dining table and the kitchen is equipped with appliances (ceramic hob, refrigerator, oven, dishwasher). The room has a double bed with high quality mattresses. Sleeping cases are also provided. To store your personal belongings, you have a large dressing room and several storage spaces. Very bright room has a double glazed window ensuring perfect tranquility. The kitchen is equipped with all household appliances necessary to make his own meals. You have a ceramic plate with two fires. A side are oven, dishwasher and a large refrigerator. Many arrangements exist in which there are pots, pans, plates and cutlery for all your meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner). Telephony a
32502	L'appartement dispose d'une situation géographique rare et recherchée. Il fait 50 m² et dispose de 2 chambres (dont une que j'occupe), d'un salon avec télé et lecteur DVD, d'une salle de bains avec baignoire, de toilettes séparées, d'une cuisine	Pour une nuit, un week-end voir plus, venez découvrir Paris dans une ambiance détendue et confortable. A 5 min des métros Pigalle ou Abbesses, sur la rue des Martyrs venez découvrir le vrai Montmartre, ses bars, ses restos, ses shops... L'appartement dispose d'une situation géographique rare et recherchée. Il fait 50 m² et dispose de 2 chambres (dont une que j'occupe), d'un salon avec télé et lecteur DVD, d'une salle de bains avec baignoire, de toilettes séparées, d'une cuisine Les voyageurs auront accès aux installations de l'appartement, à internet, au frigo... Je travaille beaucoup mais je serai là pour vous recevoir, vous donner des conseils sur les endroits à visiter si vous le souhaitez...
32503	Le contraste entre le calme de l'appartement et l'animation du quartier.  Excellent rapport qualite prix.	Le contraste entre le calme de l'appartement et l'animation du quartier.  Excellent rapport qualite prix. A l'ensemble des prestations de l'(website hidden), internet wifi, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge seche-linge Quartier hype tres anime avec bars, restaurants, spectacles (Moulin Rouge, theatres, cinemas, cabarets). A proximite du Sacre-Coeur.  Butte Montmartre. A 100m du Metro PIgalle ligne 12 nord/sud et ligne 2 est/ouest
32504	charming appartment of 25 m2 with every comfort: wifi, laundry washing machine, oven and gas hob, near metro (lines 2, 4, and 12) close to shops, market, health food store. The apartment is tastefully furnished, tiled floor, plants in the windows, the shower is made with Moroccan tiles Near the sacré coeur, canal saint martin and canal de l'ourcq, cinemas and bars. The closest park is the Buttes-Chaumont parc. it is also close to the 104 where there are many cultural events.	charming appartment of 25 m2 with every comfort: wifi, laundry washing machine, oven and gas hob, near metro (lines 2, 4, and 12) close to shops, market, health food store. The apartment is tastefully furnished, tiled floor, plants in the windows, the shower is made with Moroccan tiles Near the sacré coeur, canal saint martin and canal de l'ourcq, cinemas and bars. The closest park is the Buttes-Chaumont parc. it is also close to the 104 where there are many cultural events.
32505	"I know it's long, but if interested, do read everything before requesting so you have most of the info? :-) And we will of course gladly answer any other questions you might have!  *This place is really one of a kind in Paris. First and foremost because of its view (very rare to have a VIEW in Paris, let alone one of both its most famous landmarks: The Sacre Coeur of MONTMARTRE, and the EIFFEL TOWER, and most of Paris in between!). *The inside of the apartment, though humble and unpretentious, is really impressive if you like ""vintage bohemian chic"" kinds of DECO.  Full of great things gathered at flea markets, family treasures, retro collages etc. Every little thing in the apartment has its story.  *The place is about 80 m2 + balcony. We have a cleaner who will come before and after your stay, so although it looks a little full, it will be super clean! A room-mate used to live in what is now usually an office. The place is now set up for a couple, but with potential bedding for extra "	"Wake up to a view of Sacré Coeur & Eiffel Tower. Huge living space, double bedroom + office with single bed, balcony. Retro deco. Ideal for 2or 3, potentially possible up to 5 with great electric air beds. Only rented out this summer exceptionally. I know it's long, but if interested, do read everything before requesting so you have most of the info? :-) And we will of course gladly answer any other questions you might have!  *This place is really one of a kind in Paris. First and foremost because of its view (very rare to have a VIEW in Paris, let alone one of both its most famous landmarks: The Sacre Coeur of MONTMARTRE, and the EIFFEL TOWER, and most of Paris in between!). *The inside of the apartment, though humble and unpretentious, is really impressive if you like ""vintage bohemian chic"" kinds of DECO.  Full of great things gathered at flea markets, family treasures, retro collages etc. Every little thing in the apartment has its story.  *The place is about 80 m2 + balcony. We ha"
32506	"Le salon est équipé d'un canapé confortable pour dormir une personne. Disponible Internet/Wifi La cuisine est ouvert au salon et elle est toute équipée. - Cuisinière/four électrique avec plaque vitrocéramique. -Réfrigérateur Samsung - cafetière à capsules Dolce Gusto Nescafé (chauffage de l'eau pour faire du thé ou des infusions..) - Machine à laver (fonction très rapide ""30 minutes"") Une grande salle de bain avec lavabo, toilette, baignoire, meubles de rangement, sèche -cheveux, chauffage,... Tout le linge de maison est fourni! Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble une supermarché Franprix et des restaurants."	"Appartement lumineux dans le 18ème,tout equipé, 50m2, à 15min à pied du Sacre Coeur (Montmatre), à 5 min du marché de puces. On bas du bâtiment il y a un Franprix (supermarché). Metro ligne 4 directe á Gare du Nord,Châtelet, l'île de Cité,St.Michel.. Le salon est équipé d'un canapé confortable pour dormir une personne. Disponible Internet/Wifi La cuisine est ouvert au salon et elle est toute équipée. - Cuisinière/four électrique avec plaque vitrocéramique. -Réfrigérateur Samsung - cafetière à capsules Dolce Gusto Nescafé (chauffage de l'eau pour faire du thé ou des infusions..) - Machine à laver (fonction très rapide ""30 minutes"") Une grande salle de bain avec lavabo, toilette, baignoire, meubles de rangement, sèche -cheveux, chauffage,... Tout le linge de maison est fourni! Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble une supermarché Franprix et des restaurants. Je suis toujours disponible par téléphone et par mail! Quartier multiculturelle, très enrichissement. Metro: Ligne 4 ""Porte de Clign"
32507	Studio calme dans un immeuble typique de Montmartre, à 2 pas de la rue Lepic, du Moulin Rouge et la place des Abbesses. Entièrement rénové, très fonctionnel (TV, wifi, cuisine équipée) ce studio est calme mais idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris. Quiet studio in a typical building of Montmartre, 2 steps from the Rue Lepic, the Moulin Rouge and the Place des Abbesses. Completely renovated, very functional (TV , wifi , kitchen ) this studio is quiet but conveniently located.	Studio calme dans un immeuble typique de Montmartre, à 2 pas de la rue Lepic, du Moulin Rouge et la place des Abbesses. Entièrement rénové, très fonctionnel (TV, wifi, cuisine équipée) ce studio est calme mais idéalement situé. Studio calme dans un immeuble typique de Montmartre, à 2 pas de la rue Lepic, du Moulin Rouge et la place des Abbesses. Entièrement rénové, très fonctionnel (TV, wifi, cuisine équipée) ce studio est calme mais idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris. Quiet studio in a typical building of Montmartre, 2 steps from the Rue Lepic, the Moulin Rouge and the Place des Abbesses. Completely renovated, very functional (TV , wifi , kitchen ) this studio is quiet but conveniently located. Le studio, situé au 2e étage est entièrement indépendant. Pas adapté pour personnes handicapées (escaliers étroits, pas d'ascenseur) Completely stand-alone studio on the 3rd floor. Not adapted for disabled people (narrow stairs, no elevator). Présente lors de l'arrivée ou entrée par code. Pr
32508	I rent my flat It’s a cosy apartment, 2 rooms (a living room and a bedroom) In the bedroom, there is  a comfortable double bed and in the living room a sofa bed. On the ground floor, no stairs to climb, perfect after walking around all day in Paris  You will have available Wi-Fi internet access, TV, washing machine, bathroom, towels, dry hair. You can cook at home (in the kitchen there s everything You need) …  When the weather is nice, You can enjoy the large terrace.  Non-smoking in (but You can smoke in the garden)  Located in a popular area in the 18th district of Paris it mixes french, north and black african right at the bottom of Montmartre and it’s near the Sacre Coeur (10 minutes walk). There are several public transport stops near the apartment.  Metro line 4 and line 12 which cross Paris from north to south, taking You to all the major Paris attractions In the close neighborhood, You will enjoy several bakeries, supermarkets... About checkin and checkout time, The week-end I	I rent my flat It’s a cosy apartment, 2 rooms (a living room and a bedroom) In the bedroom, there is  a comfortable double bed and in the living room a sofa bed. On the ground floor, no stairs to climb, perfect after walking around all day in Paris  You will have available Wi-Fi internet access, TV, washing machine, bathroom, towels, dry hair. You can cook at home (in the kitchen there s everything You need) …  When the weather is nice, You can enjoy the large terrace.  Non-smoking in (but You can smoke in the garden)  Located in a popular area in the 18th district of Paris it mixes french, north and black african right at the bottom of Montmartre and it’s near the Sacre Coeur (10 minutes walk). There are several public transport stops near the apartment.  Metro line 4 and line 12 which cross Paris from north to south, taking You to all the major Paris attractions In the close neighborhood, You will enjoy several bakeries, supermarkets... About checkin and checkout time, The week-end I
32509		The studio is located in the 18th arrondissement in a cosmopolitan district. It is 10 minutes away from Montmartre on foot and 15 minutes from the city centre by metro. The apartment is extremely quiet with sun all day long
32510	Between Place des Abbesses and the Basilica of the Sacred-Heart, the apartment is conveniently located in Montmartre.  3rd floor, south-facing and fully renovated, the apartment is very nice and bright.  The room has a double bed, a wardrobe and shelves. The window with double glazing and blackout curtains overlooking a quiet courtyard.	"Bright apartment, 3rd floor, very clear and without overlooked.  In the heart of Montmartre, between Place des Abbesses (100m) and the Sacred-Heart (300m), 2 steps from the shop of ""Amélie"" (100m). Between Place des Abbesses and the Basilica of the Sacred-Heart, the apartment is conveniently located in Montmartre.  3rd floor, south-facing and fully renovated, the apartment is very nice and bright.  The room has a double bed, a wardrobe and shelves. The window with double glazing and blackout curtains overlooking a quiet courtyard. Bedroom with bathroom. Living room and kitchen that you can use at your leisure. I will arrange to give you any information available. On a hill overlooking the city, Montmartre is the most beautiful ""village"" of Paris. Tourists and citizens mingle walking the cobblestone streets, in this area both warm and quiet of the old Paris. At the heart of Montmartre, the apartment provides immediate access to authentic Parisian cafes and restaurants, wineries, bakerie"
32511	Deux pièces :  cuisine équipée : frigo, congélateur, four, cuisinière ...  La cuisine est ouverte sur un salon avec canapé lit 2 places Chambre avec lit 2 places  Salle de bain avec baignoire Proche des transports : Metro (ligne 12 et 4), bus (ligne (phone number hidden)...) En 3ème étage sans ascenseur  15 minutes à pied du sacré coeur Consignes : merci de prévoir draps de bain et de lit.	Deux pièces :  cuisine (frigo, congélateur, four, cuisinière) ouverte sur salon avec canapé lit 2 places Chambre avec lit 2 places  Salle de bain avec baignoire Proche des transports : Metro (ligne 12 et 4), bus (ligne (phone number hidden)..) En 3ème étage sans ascenseur  15 minutes à pied du sacré coeur Deux pièces :  cuisine équipée : frigo, congélateur, four, cuisinière ...  La cuisine est ouverte sur un salon avec canapé lit 2 places Chambre avec lit 2 places  Salle de bain avec baignoire Proche des transports : Metro (ligne 12 et 4), bus (ligne (phone number hidden)...) En 3ème étage sans ascenseur  15 minutes à pied du sacré coeur Consignes : merci de prévoir draps de bain et de lit. Non Depuis les gares de l est et du nord: en 10 minutes de métro par la ligne 4 (Metro Simplon) Depuis la Gare de Lyon : en 35 minutes par la ligne 14 jusqu'à madeleine puis la ligne 12  Depuis la Gare Montparnasse : 30 minutes par la ligne 12 (Metro Jules Joffrin)
32512		The house is located between the lively neighborhood of Montmartre, the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge and the Batignolles. In Montmartre's hill many of the 18th century buildings are still intact, giving the neighborhood a history-charged feel. By contrast, the area is also known for its art scene and its trendsetting qualities. Subway lines and many buses just steps away will bring you straight to all attractions (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame, Le Louvre...) and shopping areas (Galeries Lafayette, Avenue Montaigne, Rue du Faubourg St Honoré) and 4 Railway stations (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse and Gare St Lazare).  The nearest subway station is Guy Moquet - Line 13 (200 meters).  It's super easy to get to the house from the all Paris airports.  Easy parking with car.
32513		Ma chambre fait environ 15M2 et possède deux couchages.Un lit et un canapé qui peut se transformer en deuxième lit.L'appartement est très pratique et agréable, avec pour 50M2 de surface totale.Le tout dans un quartier sympa, à deux pas de du métro.
32514	room in a 40 meters square charming artist's flat in a beautiful 1900's building Metro Marx Dormoy near Gare du Nord 6th and last floor by stairs. NO ELEVATOR. so you'll have a n(phone number hidden)ce view on Montmartre Sacre Coeur and the Eiffel tower ;) 1 bedroom with a two places bed 1 small open kitchen with oven, fridge, toaster... 1 bathroom with toilet and small bath wifi connection included 300 € deposit required 	Room in a Nice High flat! room in a 40 meters square charming artist's flat in a beautiful 1900's building Metro Marx Dormoy near Gare du Nord 6th and last floor by stairs. NO ELEVATOR. so you'll have a n(phone number hidden)ce view on Montmartre Sacre Coeur and the Eiffel tower ;) 1 bedroom with a two places bed 1 small open kitchen with oven, fridge, toaster... 1 bathroom with toilet and small bath wifi connection included 300 € deposit required 
32515	1 bedroom flat with 1 living room, 1 bathroom (bathtube, washing machine), kitchen fully equiped (micro-wave, fridge, freezer, toaster, boiler,oven),1 bedroom with a king size bed. Original wooden floors  Elevator available.	"Lovely 60m2 1 bdr flat with a living room,a bathroom (bathtube, washing machine), kitchen fully equiped (micro-wave, fridge, freeze, toaster, boiler,oven),1 bdr with a king size bed.Wifi. Very bright with skyview. Near St Ouen flea market &Montmartre 1 bedroom flat with 1 living room, 1 bathroom (bathtube, washing machine), kitchen fully equiped (micro-wave, fridge, freezer, toaster, boiler,oven),1 bedroom with a king size bed. Original wooden floors  Elevator available. Very nice organic restaurant & coffee shop ""La Recyclerie"" just downstairs in the old parisian train station from the secret  ""la petite ceinture"". Grocery stores & Fresh fruits and vegetables market, fish stores and butcher downstairs. Also, many supermarket are available around. Very nice traditional local cafés & homemade french cuisine restaurants. 10 minutes by walk to the famous Saint-Ouen flea market Very Close to Montmartre (20 mn by walk, 5 mn by bus, metro) 15 mns to the Center of Paris (metro line 4)  Porte "
32516	The apartment is very bright. The decor is quite sleek, zen.  There are currently no vis-à-vis.  Shops, restaurants, everything is nearby in the street.	Lightfull flat. Bedroom, leaving room, bathroom & kitchen. All furnished. King bed + matress if needed Located in a lovely pedestrian street with market, restaurants, bars... 10 minutes walking from Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur. 1 minute from subway. The apartment is very bright. The decor is quite sleek, zen.  There are currently no vis-à-vis.  Shops, restaurants, everything is nearby in the street. Fully Equipped Kitchen: microwave, fridge, washing machine, blender, kettle, hob, juicer ...  Comfortable living room: sofa, wifi  Separate room with a double bed in a cute alcove. Bath linen, bed linen provided. I'm available by email and phone before and during the stay. I fluently speak english. The apartment is located in a cobbled pedestrian street. The windows overlook the covered Marché de l'Olive. The street is very cute with its bars and small restaurants. The street is pedestrianized, so there is no noise from cars. It's like a village atmosphere in the heart of Paris! The apartment i
32517	Really little heaven of peace in the center of Paris, in the very calm blind alley near a green park ; in the typical parisian building find your nice 1 piece apartment for 1 or 2 people. 	Really little heaven of peace in the center of Paris, in the very calm blind alley near a green park ; in the typical parisian building find your nice 1 piece apartment for 1 or 2 people.  Recently renovated with a new furniture, this apartment is equiped with a sofa 130*190 cm for 2 people, equipped kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, 2 hotplates, kitchen utensils), (for your comfort - TV providing international channels as well as French channels, free internet connection, wifi ) as well, washing machine, hairdryer. Bathroom has a shower, sink and toilet. Bed linen and towels are provided. Beverages and fruits are offered. Please, do not hesitate to contact me for further information. We do everything to make your stay as pleasant and you keep the best memories! The neighborhood is very animated, with supermarkets, shops, bar, restaurants of world kitchens, theaters, museums and historical monuments within walking distance.  The metro station Place de Clichy (lines 2 and 13) is within 
32518	A 10minutes à pied de Montmarte	'  Beautiful studio 26m2 all amenities (kitchen, bathroom, living room). A 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Perfect for a romantic weekend.  \ N \ n  A 10 minutes walk from Montmarte  \ N \ n  Sofa, tv, internet, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, refrigerator, stove, bathtub  \ N \ n  Mathieu will be there to welcome you  \ N \ n  Lively neighborhood conveniently located: 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and 10 minutes walk from the Batignolles  \ N \ n  Apartment for 3 minutes walk from metro Guy Moquet (line 13), 15 minutes walk from the subway Abbesses (line 12)  '
32519	Typically parisian haussmann-style flat : 100 year-old this year ! 6th floor, which means light, views and balcony. Fully furnished 2 bedrooms : one with a large bed, the other with 2 single beds. Kitchen with washing-machine, dishwasher, oven... Living-room and balcony with table, chairs and depending on the season : lemon, figs, raspberries... still waiting for some kiwis ! It is a pleasant and quiet family flat, with a friendly neighborhood. Close to all facilities and shops (both supermarkets open 7/7 and small food shops). Two swimming pools and several parks or public gardens with playgrounds for children are just around the corner. Lots of good restaurants, nice cafés. Then, you can walk easily to Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur or the Flea market. Nearby tube station : Jules Joffrin (line 12), Porte de Clignancourt (line 4). Many buses (80 for Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower..., 95 for the Louvre Museum and Latin Quarter). 	Typically parisian haussmann-style flat : 100 year-old this year ! 6th floor, which means light, views and balcony. Fully furnished 2 bedrooms : one with a large bed, the other with 2 single beds. Kitchen with washing-machine, dishwasher, oven... Living-room and balcony with table, chairs and depending on the season : lemon, figs, raspberries... still waiting for some kiwis ! It is a pleasant and quiet family flat, with a friendly neighborhood. Close to all facilities and shops (both supermarkets open 7/7 and small food shops). Two swimming pools and several parks or public gardens with playgrounds for children are just around the corner. Lots of good restaurants, nice cafés. Then, you can walk easily to Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur or the Flea market. Nearby tube station : Jules Joffrin (line 12), Porte de Clignancourt (line 4). Many buses (80 for Grands Magasins, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower..., 95 for the Louvre Museum and Latin Quarter). 
32520		grand appartement lumineux , parfait pour une famille ou de vacances entre amis. Chaleureux et à côté de Montmartre. Quartier vivant !
32521	Sous les toits, il a le charme de l'ancien et le confort moderne et son ascenseur. Sa cour arborée est paisible et sujette aux apéritifs lorsque le temps est clément. Le petit balcon vous transporte aux premières loges du Sacré Coeur qui offre ici son visage oriental. La capacité est de deux personnes, voir trois si on déplie le canapé lit du salon. 	View on the Sacré Coeur. You will fall in love with this tiny nest under the roof (with elevator). Welcome to Paris, in the heart of vibrant Chateau rouge, the most picturesque place reminiscent of Paris of yesteryear. internet Very nice neighborhood. During the summer, you can enjoy the current and share the table and the chairs to have a drink.  Ligne 4, direct from the gare du Nord, gare de l'Est, gare Montparnasse. 
32522	Petit et cosy, joliment décoré pour un séjour romantique à 2. Entièrement équipé pour un court séjour serein dans un quartier parisien exceptionnel.	Idéal pour un séjour romantique, ce beau studio rénové et lumineux est situé aux pieds des jardins et des marches de la basilique de Montmartre. A proximité du quartier des Abbesses, du Moulin Rouge et de la place du Tertre.                Petit et cosy, joliment décoré pour un séjour romantique à 2. Entièrement équipé pour un court séjour serein dans un quartier parisien exceptionnel. A mi chemin entre la vie de village des Abbesses et un haut lieu touristique Parisien la basilique du Sacré-cœur avec la fameuse place du Terte et ses peintres.
32523	"Chambre très calme, refaite à neuf, proche du sacré cœur et de la salle de concert ""La cigale""."	"Chambre de 10m², comportant un lit superposé 1 place, et canapé clic-clac double Salle de bain et Wc . A 2 min de la salle de concert la Cigale et à 5 mn des marches du Sacré Cœur . Draps, couettes, et serviettes fournis. Chambre très calme, refaite à neuf, proche du sacré cœur et de la salle de concert ""La cigale"". Sympathique, accueil, conseils si besoins pour coins sympa. Quartier formidable, à la fois touristique et animé, nombreux bar, à deux pas du quartier Shopping des Abbesses. Et à 5 min du village en rue pavée  des Abbesses. Métro Pigale, Bus 54 à 5 minutes à pieds de la gare du Nord Possibilité d'arriver dans l'après-midi (15h-16h), départ le lendemain au plus tard à 12h30"
32524	Charmant appartement de 3 pièces dans un immeubles de cachet des années 50. Situé à deux pas de la Gare du Nord, dans un quartier très animé. De nombreux commerces sont à proximité, des restaurants, commerces ouverts la nuit... Le canal Saint Martin est à 7 minutes et Montmartre, Pigalle etc...à 15 minutes à pied! Grace aux lignes de métro(5 et 2) et au RER B vous atteindrez le centre de Paris très rapidement.   L'appartement (avec parquet et moulures) offre tout le confort d'un intérieur soigné et designé. Les pièces sont lumineuses avec une double exposition et une vue sur un parc. Il y a 2 chambres, dont une a double fonction, à la fois chambre d'ami et chambre d'enfant. Les parents et les enfants en bas age sont donc les bien venus, ils auront tout le matériel nécessaire. La cuisine est toute équipée et moderne.(Plaques à induction, micro-ondes, four,lave vaisselle etc...) Vous disposerez aussi d'un lave-linge, d'un sèche ligne et du Wifi. La salle de bain et les cabinets de toilet	This spacious apartment is very friendly as well for a couple with children for tourists. It can accommodate 4 adults and small children. It is 5 minutes from the RER B and D very close to train stations and airports. Very convenient. Charmant appartement de 3 pièces dans un immeubles de cachet des années 50. Situé à deux pas de la Gare du Nord, dans un quartier très animé. De nombreux commerces sont à proximité, des restaurants, commerces ouverts la nuit... Le canal Saint Martin est à 7 minutes et Montmartre, Pigalle etc...à 15 minutes à pied! Grace aux lignes de métro(5 et 2) et au RER B vous atteindrez le centre de Paris très rapidement.   L'appartement (avec parquet et moulures) offre tout le confort d'un intérieur soigné et designé. Les pièces sont lumineuses avec une double exposition et une vue sur un parc. Il y a 2 chambres, dont une a double fonction, à la fois chambre d'ami et chambre d'enfant. Les parents et les enfants en bas age sont donc les bien venus, ils auront tout le
32525	The apartment is very big, lovely and bright. It's a typical Parisian apartment (Haussmanien) with the chimneys & moulures !	The apartment is very big, lovely and bright. It's a typical Parisian apartment (Haussmanien) with the chimneys & moulures ! You have access to all the common parts ! (Kitchen, living room, bathroom etc) My roommate Camille will be hosting you. I will give you my cellphone, so that you can contact me if you need any help with anything. This part of town is great, because it's easy access to all the cool spots in Paris ! If you want, I will prepare a list of places I suggest to try out around the apartment and further away. Just let me know before ;) Two metro stops really  close by (less than 5minutes walk each), the bus stop right downstairs ... Nothing could be easier ! We speak French & English !
32526	Enjoy your parisian stay, in this new refurbish appartment , in a old typical parisian building dated from 1885.  You can be up to 3 adults : 2 in the bedroom, and 1 on sofa bed, or 2 adults, and 2 kids, up to 14 years old. The price is for 2 persons. Located on a pedestrian and daily market street, you can enjoy parisian cooking, and grocery shopping, as well as the lively and cultural diversity of the neighbourhood.  This charming apartment is located  10 minutes walk from the Sacré Cœur church,  10 minutes walk from Pigalle and Abbesses and only 2 minutes walk from subway station, Château Rouge . (line 4) The most famous attractions are few metro stations away ; 20 minutes to Notre Dame and Saint Michel district  30 minutes for Champs Elysées and Arc of Triumph 10 minutes from the trendy « canal St Martin » district,  20 minutes from Bastille and Le Marais. Many buses can bring you all over Paris, from our Place.  Velib ; bicycle stations are very close and pratical to visit Paris t	 Two rooms’appartment, light and bright, in a typical french building’s eaves. Big size bed, ideal for 2 persons, but can be convenient for a family with 2 young kids . Located 2 minutes from subway station, and 10 minutes walk from Sacre Cœur. Enjoy your parisian stay, in this new refurbish appartment , in a old typical parisian building dated from 1885.  You can be up to 3 adults : 2 in the bedroom, and 1 on sofa bed, or 2 adults, and 2 kids, up to 14 years old. The price is for 2 persons. Located on a pedestrian and daily market street, you can enjoy parisian cooking, and grocery shopping, as well as the lively and cultural diversity of the neighbourhood.  This charming apartment is located  10 minutes walk from the Sacré Cœur church,  10 minutes walk from Pigalle and Abbesses and only 2 minutes walk from subway station, Château Rouge . (line 4) The most famous attractions are few metro stations away ; 20 minutes to Notre Dame and Saint Michel district  30 minutes for Champs Elysées
32527	Ce logement est un logement calme dans un bel immeuble. c'est un appartement bien agencé et fonctionnel. 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 grand salon avec canapé  avec cuisine américaine, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparés. possibilité   d d un matelas gonflable  	Doté d'une terrasse, cet appartement lumineux se trouve à quelques minutes du métro marx dormoy, très proche également du quartier Montmartre avec la ligne 12  arrêt Abesses Situé dans un immeuble de standing  il peut accueillir  2-3 personnes  - matelas gonflable pour  le salon  Ce logement est un logement calme dans un bel immeuble. c'est un appartement bien agencé et fonctionnel. 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 grand salon avec canapé  avec cuisine américaine, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et wc séparés. possibilité   d d un matelas gonflable  wifi,machine à laver ,machine à café, terrasse. des photos de l'appartement sur demande. Nous aimons beaucoup les rencontres, nous serons présents à  l'accueil des voyageurs ou parfois des amis  Nous pourrons vous accueillir en anglais et en italien. Nous serons également là pour vous si vous avez besoin d'information Les voyageurs ont accès  à un quartier typique de paris avec sa halle et son marché, des petits cafés pittoresques. Ce quartier e
32528	Very nice appartment : 1 studio all renovated with a separate Kitchen and a bright Shower room	Being very close to the Sacré Coeur (50meters), in Montmartre (the artists center of Paris), bright studio (20m2) just renovated on the third floor of a typical parisian bulding with a view on the roofs of Paris. All the charme of Paris is here. Very nice appartment : 1 studio all renovated with a separate Kitchen and a bright Shower room Entire Appartment I will be available if you need anything. Heart of Montmartre : just in front of the steps to access to the Sacré Coeur, near the artists place, the restaurant, bars... For the access to the appartment, you have differents options:  - The easiest and the closest: the metro Anvers ( Metro line 2): you have at this station the funiculaire which drop you to the Sacré Coeur. Then, you are at 300m (or 4 min by walk) and the street goes down : very easy Link : (website hidden) Other options :  - Metro Lamarck ( Metro line 12): 7 min walk to the appartement, quiet flat. link : (website hidden) -Métro Château Rouge ( Metro line 4): 8 min wal
32529	Le loft se trouve dans une résidence classée,  cela fait 50 ans que des artistes vivent et partagent dans ce lieu singulier. J'ai un studio de Musique dans la résidence et le laisse à votre disposition avec plaisir.	Situé dans une résidence d'artiste à Montmartre, loft lumineux, atypique avec une chambre double donnant sur une belle salle de bain. Grande salle de séjour baigné de lumière grâce à sa verrière pleine hauteur et studio de musique au Rdc.  À bientôt Le loft se trouve dans une résidence classée,  cela fait 50 ans que des artistes vivent et partagent dans ce lieu singulier. J'ai un studio de Musique dans la résidence et le laisse à votre disposition avec plaisir. Vous avez accès à une cuisine bien équipée, nous vous fournissons des serviettes, draps,café, thés et tous le nécessaire pour que votre séjour se passe dans d'agréables conditions. Bien-sur nous avons le wifi et une sono. Je suis disponible et vous accueille personnellement. Mon studio se trouve au Rez de chaussée de la résidence, je peux donc répondre à vos demandes très rapidement. Enfin je ne suis jamais avare de bon conseils pour sortir et bien manger dans le quartier. J'aime le coté historique mais en perpétuel mouvement de
32530	Lovely kitchen, separate bathroom, bright living room with clic-clac sofa bed and spacious bedroom with two beds. Perfect space on the 4th floor for 2 people at Montmartre but also convenient for 4. The apartement itself is very cosy and quiet. Metro station Château Rouge (line 4) is just a minute away from the house. Also lines 2 and 12 are pretty close which can take you  easily almost anywhere in Paris. Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord are one metro station away or at seven-minute walk distance. The area is very multicultural. There are a lot bars and cafes around. Few supermarkets are very close to the house, there is also a bakery opened 24/7 and basic-supply shop open until 3 a.m. right at the foot of the building. One of the most beautiful areas of Paris- Montmartre is just a step away. Famous party area Pigalle is just few minutes away as well.	Cosy 40-square-meter apartment at Château Rouge. Lovely kitchen, separate bathroom, bright living room with clic-clac sofa bed and spacious bedroom with two beds. Perfect space for 4 people in Montmartre. Lovely kitchen, separate bathroom, bright living room with clic-clac sofa bed and spacious bedroom with two beds. Perfect space on the 4th floor for 2 people at Montmartre but also convenient for 4. The apartement itself is very cosy and quiet. Metro station Château Rouge (line 4) is just a minute away from the house. Also lines 2 and 12 are pretty close which can take you  easily almost anywhere in Paris. Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord are one metro station away or at seven-minute walk distance. The area is very multicultural. There are a lot bars and cafes around. Few supermarkets are very close to the house, there is also a bakery opened 24/7 and basic-supply shop open until 3 a.m. right at the foot of the building. One of the most beautiful areas of Paris- Montmartre is just a ste
32531	At the top of Montmartre, this beautiful apartment is a stone throw from the Moulin de la Galette and the house of Dalida. It is spacious, and has a beautiful bedroom with a view on the roofs of Montmartre and the rue Lepic, a very large living room with a great view on Paris, a full equipped kitchen as well as an elegant bathroom with a bath. On a quiet street of Montmartre, the apartment is located within a walking distance from the Sacre- Coeur and the Place du Tertre, not far away from the Moulin Rouge and the Lepic market. It is quite close to several metro stations (Abbesses and Blanche) as well as bus lines to get you anywhere in Paris.(direct lines to Louvre, Opera, Saint Germain...) and the Montmartobus, a little bus that takes you all around the hill ! Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, the apartment overlooks the roofs and a part of the rue Lepic and the Moulin de la Galette. The Sacre- Coeur, the Place du Tertre, the Moulin Rouge and Lepic market are all within walking	Wonderful 50m² 1bedroom flat in the upper part of Montmartre with elevator and beautiful view ! Quiet, full of light, fully equipped and comfortable. A dream accommodation in the best district of Paris ! At the top of Montmartre, this beautiful apartment is a stone throw from the Moulin de la Galette and the house of Dalida. It is spacious, and has a beautiful bedroom with a view on the roofs of Montmartre and the rue Lepic, a very large living room with a great view on Paris, a full equipped kitchen as well as an elegant bathroom with a bath. On a quiet street of Montmartre, the apartment is located within a walking distance from the Sacre- Coeur and the Place du Tertre, not far away from the Moulin Rouge and the Lepic market. It is quite close to several metro stations (Abbesses and Blanche) as well as bus lines to get you anywhere in Paris.(direct lines to Louvre, Opera, Saint Germain...) and the Montmartobus, a little bus that takes you all around the hill ! Located on the 3rd floo
32532	"25m² studio in the heart of the ""goutte d'or"" neigbourghood, equipped with a large double bed, and a one-person futon. It can easily accomodate 2 people, possibly three (it would be quite promiscuous, ideal for a child).  It is located at the 4th floor of a secure building. You will have access to the well-furnished kitchen, with an American-style bar to have meals on. The kitchen contains cutlery, crockery,cooking utensils, and an Italian coffee machine.  There are no dishwasher and oven. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub and toilet. There is no washing machine in the studio, but there is a laundry service five minutes away."	"Lovely studio close to Montmartre. Full of light and in the very young, dynamic and colourful 'quartier de la goutte d'or'. 25m² studio in the heart of the ""goutte d'or"" neigbourghood, equipped with a large double bed, and a one-person futon. It can easily accomodate 2 people, possibly three (it would be quite promiscuous, ideal for a child).  It is located at the 4th floor of a secure building. You will have access to the well-furnished kitchen, with an American-style bar to have meals on. The kitchen contains cutlery, crockery,cooking utensils, and an Italian coffee machine.  There are no dishwasher and oven. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub and toilet. There is no washing machine in the studio, but there is a laundry service five minutes away. I will be available via phone or email in case of problems. The studio is in the heart of the popular neigbourghood of ""la goutte d'or"", which is undergoing widespread change, with many alternative locations developing.  The historic Mo"
32533	Je vis dans l'appartement, il est donc très bien équipé pour la vie de tous les jours. Tout l'appartement sera mis à votre disposition. Je reste à votre disposition pendant toute la durée du séjour (par téléphone ou mail), si vous avez la moindre question ou un problème. En métro, ligne 4 (Simplon) ou ligne 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers). En bus, lignes (phone number hidden) à proximité. Plusieurs stations Vélib proches.  Un canapé-lit permet d'accueillir une 3ème personne si besoin.	Appartement de 2 pièces, moderne, refait à neuf et très lumineux, au 6e étage (sans ascenseur), près des stations Simplon (ligne 4) et Marcadet-Poissonniers (ligne 12). Rue très calme. Commerces à proximité (boulangerie, supermarché, marché...). Je vis dans l'appartement, il est donc très bien équipé pour la vie de tous les jours. Tout l'appartement sera mis à votre disposition. Je reste à votre disposition pendant toute la durée du séjour (par téléphone ou mail), si vous avez la moindre question ou un problème. En métro, ligne 4 (Simplon) ou ligne 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers). En bus, lignes (phone number hidden) à proximité. Plusieurs stations Vélib proches.  Un canapé-lit permet d'accueillir une 3ème personne si besoin. Tout l'appartement sera mis à votre disposition. Je reste à votre disposition pendant toute la durée du séjour (par téléphone ou mail), si vous avez la moindre question ou un problème. En métro, ligne 4 (Simplon) ou ligne 12 (Marcadet-Poissonniers). En bus, lignes (pho
32534	The apartment is a 36 sqm and has two rooms. The kitchen is open on a spacious living room. The bedroom and the bathroom are separated. The apartment is well-equiped : one washing maching, one dishwasher, internet, a 140cm bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. There is an amazing view on Paris and the Invalides from the windows of the living room.	The 2-room apartment is located in the heart of Montmartre, next to the Moulin de la Galette (5-6 min to the Sacré-Coeur by feet). It's bright, lovely and very charming, especially for a couple who wants to spend an amazing time in Paris. The apartment is a 36 sqm and has two rooms. The kitchen is open on a spacious living room. The bedroom and the bathroom are separated. The apartment is well-equiped : one washing maching, one dishwasher, internet, a 140cm bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. There is an amazing view on Paris and the Invalides from the windows of the living room. We will be available during your stay to give you any information and advice for your stay in Paris. Montmartre is a very charming, quiet and unique district in Paris, where you can find the basilica of the Sacré-Cœur and its amazing view on Paris, the Tertre square and its numerous artists, charming little streets and parks, the Dalí space, Montmartre's vines, Lapin Agile's cabaret, Montmart
32535	Feel very at home on your stay in Paris at this great studio of 25m2. It is located in the 18th district behind Montmartre at 200 meters from the subway Marcadet-Poissonniers. The studio is completely new (painting, furniture, kitchen). The apartment itself is an ideal stay for two people, but it can welcome four with a convertible sofa. 	This authentic studio in the 18th district of Paris is entirely equipped with all you need, and can welcome four people. At 200 meters from the subway, it is close to all commodities, but it is overlooking a courtyard, and so it is very quiet. Feel very at home on your stay in Paris at this great studio of 25m2. It is located in the 18th district behind Montmartre at 200 meters from the subway Marcadet-Poissonniers. The studio is completely new (painting, furniture, kitchen). The apartment itself is an ideal stay for two people, but it can welcome four with a convertible sofa.  - A double bed - A convertible sofa - All furnished kitchen : oven, microwave, kitchen hood, combo washer dryer, and all kitchen utensils for the cooking lovers.  - Italian style shower - Bed linen and towels supplied.  - Breakfast & basic products supplied : coffee, tea, french bread, jam, honey, butter, spices, oil ...  - High speed internet, WIFI, cable TV I will be there to welcome you, and explain all there
32536	You're in a very intimate place of Paris, from which it's easy to discover the whole city, even by walking as you're close to a lot of spots (Champs-Elysées, Opera, centre, parcs of Buttes Chaumont and Monceau, La Villette).  And of course if you wanna explore the surrounds, you're in a village which lives at its own rythm.  Welcome in the place of Amelie de Montmartre	At your own rythm, in a cosy apartment.  You will be in the artistic part of Paris : Montmartre, where it's just good to walk and meet people, sit at the terrace of a cafe, take a view at the whole Paris from the Sacre-Coeur hill... You're in a very intimate place of Paris, from which it's easy to discover the whole city, even by walking as you're close to a lot of spots (Champs-Elysées, Opera, centre, parcs of Buttes Chaumont and Monceau, La Villette).  And of course if you wanna explore the surrounds, you're in a village which lives at its own rythm.  Welcome in the place of Amelie de Montmartre Full access to the appartment My friend or I will welcome you, but won't be present for the duration of your renting.  Anyway, one of us will always be reachable in case of question or problem. You're in Montmartre, around you is the Rue Lepic and the Moulin Rouge, and also the place of the Abbesses and the Sacré-Coeur. A lot of bars and brunch cafes to discover the village at your own rythm.
32537	A deux pas des attractions touristiques, mais a mille pieds du bruit. Studio dans un quartier animé de jour comme de nuit, juste au coin de la rue Lepic, après le café d'Amélie Poulin, on se retrouve dans un havre de paix. Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, dans une ruelle calme, piétonne le dimanche.   Attention, le studio est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, il n'est donc pas adapté aux voyageurs avec des enfants en bas âges ni aux voyageurs ayant des problèmes de santé qui pourraient rendre les 5 étages fastidieuses et gâcher ainsi leur séjour. 	Charming little studio to rent in the heart of Montmartre, very well located in a small lane overlooking the Rue Lepic - 30m from Amélie Poulin coffee and 2 minutes from the Moulin Rouge and cabarets, theaters, cinemas and gourmet restaurants. 10 minutes from the Place du Tertre. Blanche Metro 2 minutes, Pigalle 7 min. Studio fully renovated in a modern and functional style: 1 sofa bed for 2 persons, cupboard kitchenette (ceramic hob, microwave, fridge with freezer), bathroom.  Towels and linens (website hidden) with more than 100 chanels; high speed internet; wifi The apartment is on the 5th floor of a walkup building. Metro Blanche (line 2) - 2 minutes,  Metro Pigalle (line 2 and 12) - 7 min. Metro Place Clichy (line 2, 13) - 7 min  
32538	I settled in this place and in this area after living in various districts of Paris. I hope my place today reflects a part of me : cultural diversity, imprints of travels (Madagascar, Mexico, other African and Asian countries) with a touch of retro. I am a huge fan of vintage furniture. Both for esthaetics and responsible life choices I favour second hand goods.	Enjoy a very well fitted flat : 1 bedroom, living room, fully equipped kitchen and dining room. Live off the beaten track by experiencing one of the most ethnically rich areas of Paris. You will enjoy the diversity of foods, of music and restaurants. I settled in this place and in this area after living in various districts of Paris. I hope my place today reflects a part of me : cultural diversity, imprints of travels (Madagascar, Mexico, other African and Asian countries) with a touch of retro. I am a huge fan of vintage furniture. Both for esthaetics and responsible life choices I favour second hand goods. All areas are accessible to guests. I will free dedicated space for storage and will leave a few guidelines for the appliances. I am happy to help you with tips before you come. Also see guide section. The 18th district has a lot of facets. Where I live you are at the crossroads of many communities (Sri Lanka, Ivory Coast, etc) and very close to the iconic 18th (arty and yuppy). So
32539		Ce charmant 2 pièces de 43m2 mélangeant le moderne et l'ancien est situé à 10mn a pied de Montmartre. Commerces et parcs à proximité. Très bien desservi par les transports en commun, agréable pour se détendre et profiter de la vie parisienne.
32540	tres bien place tout equipe lumineux Charme ancien	3 pieces montmartrois 60m2  2 Chambres. a dispo 1 chambre avec acces direct salle de bain et salon + wifi et tv cable avec canal+. 1 chambre bureau espace prive tres bien place tout equipe lumineux Charme ancien salon + cuisine + sdb + wc pas la :) en vadrouille donc par email ou tel Bas Montmartre - Rue du poteu - rue custine ! vie de quartier 100% Ligne 12 Jule joffrin ligne 4 Chateau rouge nombreux bus 3 pieces mais considerer comme un 2 car 1 des chambres est 100% prise 
32541	Il y a 2 chambres, la mienne et celle de mon colloc, un salon, une grande salle de bain, des toilettes séparées, une cuisine et un balcon.	I propose you a pretty room in a 55m2 flat next to the metro Barbes and the sacré coeur!
32542	Un havre de paix en plein Paris, proche de tout et au pied de Montmartre. Appartement très ensoleillé, orienté sud ouest, avec vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur, Montmartre et les toits de Paris. Sa magnifique terrasse permet de prendre ses repas en extérieur à l'abri des regards. 	"Magnifique studio (33m2) avec grande terrasse (18m2) vue imprenable sur Sacré cœur. Proche Jules Joffrin (5 mns à pied), dans le quartier Simplon, métro: Simplon (ligne4). Exposition Sud-Ouest, donc très clair & ensoleillé. Tout équipé, machine à laver, TV écran plat, internet wifi, linges & draps, vaisselles etc.. Idéal Un havre de paix en plein Paris, proche de tout et au pied de Montmartre. Appartement très ensoleillé, orienté sud ouest, avec vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur, Montmartre et les toits de Paris. Sa magnifique terrasse permet de prendre ses repas en extérieur à l'abri des regards.  Quartier animé proche de Montmartre et des puces de Saint Ouen. Commerces et restaurants à proximité. Sa ligne de métro ""Simplon"" (Ligne 4) vous amène en 10 mn au centre de Paris, pour flaner sur les bords de Seine et en 20 mn au coeur du quartier de Saint Germain. Vous pouvez vous rendre à pied aux fameuses puces de Saint Ouen en 10 mn ou directement en haut de la Butte Montmartre en 10 mn "
32543	"This is a nice and bright flat of 40m² located in the 2nd floor of a charming traditional building.  The apartment is in the heart of Montmartre, calm and really close to the ""Sacré Coeur"". Paul Verlaine (a french poet of the 19th) lived in this flat with his wife before he met Arthur Rimbaud. Perfect for a couple. One or two other guests can still sleep on the convertible sofa in the living room. The apartment is close to all conveniences like supermarkets, nice restaurants and transportation... You need no more than 5 minutes walking to reach two metro stations - Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12) and Château Rouge (line 4) - and easily join all the main attractions of the city.  The apartment is fully furnished : • one double bed • a convertible sofa  • wifi  • washing machine • flat-iron  • bathroom with all conveniences. • kitchen fully equiped. Candies, maps and documentations at your arrival. If you need I can also give you some recommandations for your visits.  Enjoy your stay and "	"This is a nice and bright flat of 40m² located in the 2nd floor of a charming traditional building.  The apartment is in the heart of Montmartre, calm and really close to the ""Sacré Coeur"". Paul Verlaine (a french poet of the 19th) lived in this flat with his wife before he met Arthur Rimbaud. Perfect for a couple. One or two other guests can still sleep on the convertible sofa in the living room. The apartment is close to all conveniences like supermarkets, nice restaurants and transportation... You need no more than 5 minutes walking to reach two metro stations - Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12) and Château Rouge (line 4) - and easily join all the main attractions of the city.  The apartment is fully furnished : • one double bed • a convertible sofa  • wifi  • washing machine • flat-iron  • bathroom with all conveniences. • kitchen fully equiped. Candies, maps and documentations at your arrival. If you need I can also give you some recommandations for your visits.  Enjoy your stay and "
32544	The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this classic Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea	Fully equipped with everything you will need, this unique & wacky apartment is located in Paris' 18th District, near the historic Montmarte neighborhood.  Flatbook manages apartments all over the world, so you always have a home when you need it. The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this classic Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea Our goal is to make sure you feel at home while you're staying with us so please enjoy the entire space and all of its content! Think of us as y
32545	Charming little flat of 30 sqm located close to Montmarte in the 18th district with a great view on a typical parisian church. Really sunny and quite place on the 6th floor with elevator. Our flat is located at the metro Jules Joffrin, 2 stops away from the Sacré Coeur. This 30sqm apartment offers a large living space with a : -sofa -table with chairs -flat TV -fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, toaster, kettle…)  -washing-machine / dryer -internet connection -TV -double bed -bathroom (towels, hairdryer) Our district is very lively with many corner shop (bakery, butchery…) and where you can go to the market the sunday morning  The location is quite central, near Abbesses, Pigale and « Les Grands Magasins » : Le Printemps, Les Galeries Lafayette.. Please don't hesitate to email me for any questions! 	Charming little flat of 30 sqm located close to Montmarte in the 18th district with a great view on a typical parisian church. Really sunny and quite place on the 6th floor with elevator. Our flat is located at the metro Jules Joffrin, 2 stops away from the Sacré Coeur. This 30sqm apartment offers a large living space with a : -sofa -table with chairs -flat TV -fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, toaster, kettle…)  -washing-machine / dryer -internet connection -TV -double bed -bathroom (towels, hairdryer) Our district is very lively with many corner shop (bakery, butchery…) and where you can go to the market the sunday morning  The location is quite central, near Abbesses, Pigale and « Les Grands Magasins » : Le Printemps, Les Galeries Lafayette.. Please don't hesitate to email me for any questions! 
32546	Charmant studio de 30m2, métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), dans un quartier tendance, jeune et dynamique, à 2 pas du sacré cœur et du quartier de montmartre . Ideal pour 2 personnes, mais aussi pour 1 seule. Vue dégagée. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, parquet, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé, belle pièce à vivre, le tout dans un immeuble sécurisé. Nombreux commerces et marché à proximité. Serviettes et couverture de lit à dispositions wifi inclus matelas en Latex voiture disponible : https:// (website hidden)	magnifique studio de 30 m2 a montmartre, métro jules joffrin, avec cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes , a très vite Charmant studio de 30m2, métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), dans un quartier tendance, jeune et dynamique, à 2 pas du sacré cœur et du quartier de montmartre . Ideal pour 2 personnes, mais aussi pour 1 seule. Vue dégagée. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, parquet, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé, belle pièce à vivre, le tout dans un immeuble sécurisé. Nombreux commerces et marché à proximité. Serviettes et couverture de lit à dispositions wifi inclus matelas en Latex voiture disponible : https:// (website hidden)
32547		Joli deux pièce très lumineux et refait à neuf à deux pas du Sacré Coeur comprend 1 chambre et 1 canapé convertible. Cuisine Américaine, très fonctionnelle. Proche de toutes commodités, cet appartement est situé au troisième étage avec ascenseur.
32548	Situé dans un immeuble ancien et donnant sur un square arboré, appartement  de 90 m2 avec une entrée, un double living, une cuisine et deux chambres. Au pied de Montmartre.Pour amoureux du vieux Paris. Vous y trouverez des livres, mais pas de télévision ni de four micro-onde! 	Un appartement de charme, baigné de soleil, dominant un jardin au pied de la butte Montmartre. D'une superficie de 90m2, il comporte une entrée, un double living-room, deux chambres, une cuisine et une salle de bain. Pour amateurs du vieux Paris. Situé dans un immeuble ancien et donnant sur un square arboré, appartement  de 90 m2 avec une entrée, un double living, une cuisine et deux chambres. Au pied de Montmartre.Pour amoureux du vieux Paris. Vous y trouverez des livres, mais pas de télévision ni de four micro-onde! Tout l'appartement est ouvert à l'exception d'une pièce dans laquelle sont entreposés nos effets personnels. Je serai ravie d'accueillir les voyageurs, mais louant cet appartement pendant les vacances, c'est une amie (ou encore ma fille) qui les accueillera et leur expliquera le fonctionnement de la maison. Je suis accessible par téléphone pour toute demande de renseignement. L'appartement donne sur un square très calme situé dans un quartier dynamique et vivant au Nord d
32549	35m² apartment, two rooms (a bedroom and a living room).  First floor. The apartment is comprised of an an entrance, a bathroom, a separate kitchen (which contains a micro-wave oven, a fridge, an electric stove, a cafetiere and a washing-machine), a living room (which contains a double sofa bed and can be used as a bedroom) and a room (double bed). Wi-fi is included. Transport (metro, bus, bikes) and commodity stores are close by. At the foot of the Butte Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur.  You'll have access to everything in the apartment, including a separate and fully equipped kitchen (which contains a micro-wave oven, a fridge, an electric stove, a cafetiere and a washing-machine), a living room (which contains a double sofa bed and can be used as a bedroom) and a room (double bed). Wi-fi is included. Transport (metro, bus, bikes) and commodity stores are close by. At the foot of the Butte Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur.  We're subletting our apartment while we're away so unfortunatel	Appartement calme et lumineux au pied de la butte Montmartre, 35m², 2 pièces (une chambre + un salon pouvant faire office de deuxième chambre).  Nice, bright and peaceful apartment close to Montmartre, 35m², two rooms (a bedroom and a living room). 35m² apartment, two rooms (a bedroom and a living room).  First floor. The apartment is comprised of an an entrance, a bathroom, a separate kitchen (which contains a micro-wave oven, a fridge, an electric stove, a cafetiere and a washing-machine), a living room (which contains a double sofa bed and can be used as a bedroom) and a room (double bed). Wi-fi is included. Transport (metro, bus, bikes) and commodity stores are close by. At the foot of the Butte Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur.  You'll have access to everything in the apartment, including a separate and fully equipped kitchen (which contains a micro-wave oven, a fridge, an electric stove, a cafetiere and a washing-machine), a living room (which contains a double sofa bed and can be 
32550	You have your own room separated from the living room by a curtain. There is your bed, office, wardrobe, and your own window! Wifi 24/24	A 10 m² room in a 48 m² flat, sunny, comfortable, and well-equipped near Montmartre .You will have your own room equipped with a single bed. Subway station is at 2min by feet       You have your own room separated from the living room by a curtain. There is your bed, office, wardrobe, and your own window! Wifi 24/24 You have access to the living room (tv, phone), the bathroom, and the kitchen Subway 4, 12, 2  We have a lovely dog
32551	You will find everything you need in a small (17 sqm) but well equipped studio: one double bed and one double confortable sofa bed, equipped kitchenette, shower, toilet, hairdryer, etc. All brand new from June 2015 ! The studio is on 4th floor with an elevator.	This nice and cosy studio has just been renovated and newly furnished (June 2015). It is 17 sqm with heigh ceilings and can accommodate up to 4 persons, with a confortable sofa bed (mattress of good quality) and a double bed. On quiet courtyard. You will find everything you need in a small (17 sqm) but well equipped studio: one double bed and one double confortable sofa bed, equipped kitchenette, shower, toilet, hairdryer, etc. All brand new from June 2015 ! The studio is on 4th floor with an elevator. The apartment is fully private for you. We will be happy to help you to access the apartment from your arrival place (airport, train station, etc) and find easily your accommodation. We will also give you tips for nice restaurants in the neighborhood, as well as great bakeries, shops, etc. Plenty of nice little restaurants. The apartment is situated in the typical Montmartre area. On one side you will have the famous and touristic Sacré-Coeur area, and on the other side the more local ar
32552	"A very nice flat with 2 rooms (courtyard), close to Montmartre and to the fly market of Saint Ouen (10 minutes walk) at ""Jules Joffrin"" metro station. Many shops, restaurants and bars. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Wifi "	"A very nice flat with 2 rooms (courtyard), close to Montmartre and to the fly market of Saint Ouen (10 minutes walk) at ""Jules Joffrin"" metro station. Many shops, restaurants and bars. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Wifi A very nice flat with 2 rooms (courtyard), close to Montmartre and to the fly market of Saint Ouen (10 minutes walk) at ""Jules Joffrin"" metro station. Many shops, restaurants and bars. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Wifi No pets allowed. Close to Montmartre and to the fly market of Saint Ouen (10 minutes walk) at ""Jules Joffrin"" metro station. Many shops, restaurants and bars. Metro lines: 12 and 4 Bus : 80 - 60 - 31 / Montmartrobus Vélib Stations (bikes)"
32553	Quiet, charming, and well located! For 4 people: 2 in the bedroom, 2 on the couch !	 Well located if you want to visit well-known places such as Sacred Heart, Montmartre, and Saint-Ouen flea market. Quiet place with a little balcony where you can enjoy your breakfast. The flat can welcome 4 people; 2 in the bedroom, 2 on the couch! Quiet, charming, and well located! For 4 people: 2 in the bedroom, 2 on the couch ! All the flat, Internet, Balcony Any tips, advice, I'm at your disposal !  Nice shops in Poteau Street where you will be able to discover different types of food. From Italian to Greek, the atmosphere is great and charming. On Belliard Street, don't hesitate to make a break on the Ruisseau Garden where the inhabitants of the neighboorhood share a garden! And of course... Montmartre! 15 minutes by walk. Line 4 - Porte de Clignancourt  --> direct to Saint-Michel  Line 12 - Jules Joffrin --> direct to Pigalle, Charles de Gaulle Etoile
32554	Our apartment has its windows on both sides (east and west) towards courtyards so it is very quiet and bright.    There is place for six adults and 1 baby.  The apartment is high and divided into: 1 kitchen fully furnished and equipped with washing machine, dish washer, dryer, oven, fridge, a small table, 1 separated toilettes, 1 children bedrooms with 2 single beds and 1 baby bed, 1 living-eating room with sofa which can be switched into a bed for 2 persons, 1 living room-office with working places and Hi-Fi, library, 1 bathroom with tube/shower and sink, 1 bedroom with double bed.	Typical Parisian apartment of 94m2 in the 18th district of Paris! Perfect for couples and families ! Nice market, pedestrian areas, cafés, parks as well as the metro at 3 min which brings you to the center of the city in 15 min. Our apartment has its windows on both sides (east and west) towards courtyards so it is very quiet and bright.    There is place for six adults and 1 baby.  The apartment is high and divided into: 1 kitchen fully furnished and equipped with washing machine, dish washer, dryer, oven, fridge, a small table, 1 separated toilettes, 1 children bedrooms with 2 single beds and 1 baby bed, 1 living-eating room with sofa which can be switched into a bed for 2 persons, 1 living room-office with working places and Hi-Fi, library, 1 bathroom with tube/shower and sink, 1 bedroom with double bed. The neighborhood The apartment is situated in an urbain and dynamic neighborhood, idéal for lovers, young families, artists and lovers of international food (Indian, Asian, French, 
32555	Situated within walking distance from Montmartre/Sacre Coeur, and many shops and restaurants. The apartment is clean, very light and provides guests with everything to feel comfortable. Can easily sleep three people with 1 queen-size bed and a futon (bedding supplied). 4 fresh produce markets within a  10 minute radius. Helpful tips and area information provided.	The apartment is spacious with 1 large bedroom + balcony, dining area and kitchen, bathroom and lounge room.  Location is in the area of Saint Bernard Church, near a lot of markets, and 5-10 minutes by walk from the Sacré Coeur. Situated within walking distance from Montmartre/Sacre Coeur, and many shops and restaurants. The apartment is clean, very light and provides guests with everything to feel comfortable. Can easily sleep three people with 1 queen-size bed and a futon (bedding supplied). 4 fresh produce markets within a  10 minute radius. Helpful tips and area information provided. Secure access with building codes and also apartment located safely on the second-floor. Full explanation etc on arrival. Apartment is located in the 18th arrondissement. There are markets in every direction and there is a much friendlier and less pretentious Parisian vibe. Short walk from the trendy Abbesses area and Sacre Coeur. Located near metro lines 4, 12, 2 and a five minute walk to Gare du Nord
32556	This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, TV, cable, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom.  	"Parisian atypique Loft (600 square feet) in the heart of the historical neighbourhood of Montmartre, 5 minutes walking from Sacré-Coeur, possibilty to lodge 4 people (on very confortable double couch and one queen size bed) very quiet. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, TV, cable, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom.  Jules Joffrin - Mairie du 18ème  Jules Joffrin and the Mairie (""town hall"") of the 18th arrondissement, hidden behind Montmartre Renting an apartment close to Jules Joffrin lets you see a different side of the capital, from a less touristy district that is still close to the main places of interest. In the shadows of the Sacré-Coeur Behind Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur, the Jules Joffrin district extends as far as Saint-Ouen. Densely populated, this working class district of Paris has"
32557	Bright and spacious apartment located on the 3rd floor of a historic building in the 18th district.  The apartment has high ceilings, parquet floor and plenty of space (about 120 square meters). It can accommodate up to 11 people.  The rooms 2 big living rooms.       -1st: TV room with large flatscreen, 2 couches, coffee table, etc.       -2nd: dining room with table for up to 8 people, fireplace, 2 beanbags 3 double bedrooms (2 king size beds, 1 queen size) with closets.  + 2 double mattresses and 1 single mattress that can be put in the living room (separated from the TV room) The windows all have curtains/shutters to darken. The bathroom has a bathtub. WC separated.  Apart from providing a complete set of kitchenware, the kitchen also provides: induction hob and oven, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, washing machine, kettle, coffee maker, blender, juicer, toaster, etc.	Beautiful and spacious 120m2 in Paris 18th district. 5 minutes walking distance from Montmartre. 3 bedrooms and 2 living rooms. 100 meters from metro station (Line 2 and 4), 15 minutes from center of Paris (Chatelet, Notre Dame). Bright and spacious apartment located on the 3rd floor of a historic building in the 18th district.  The apartment has high ceilings, parquet floor and plenty of space (about 120 square meters). It can accommodate up to 11 people.  The rooms 2 big living rooms.       -1st: TV room with large flatscreen, 2 couches, coffee table, etc.       -2nd: dining room with table for up to 8 people, fireplace, 2 beanbags 3 double bedrooms (2 king size beds, 1 queen size) with closets.  + 2 double mattresses and 1 single mattress that can be put in the living room (separated from the TV room) The windows all have curtains/shutters to darken. The bathroom has a bathtub. WC separated.  Apart from providing a complete set of kitchenware, the kitchen also provides: induction ho
32558	My bedroom is available in a shared flat in one of the best area of Paris, it is a bright and modern double bedroom which offer all facilities, there is brand new equipped kitchen and bathroom (to share with my flatmate) in the most beautiful street of Paris in central Montmartre!	nice, bright & safe room (flatshare of 2) in most beautiful street of Paris My bedroom is available in a shared flat in one of the best area of Paris, it is a bright and modern double bedroom which offer all facilities, there is brand new equipped kitchen and bathroom (to share with my flatmate) in the most beautiful street of Paris in central Montmartre! my flatmate is british and she will stay around during your stay, she is lovely and will be happy to help in any case; I will let you many notes about Paris and will be reacheable all the time for any reason and to make your Journey in Paris unforgetabe ;). 
32559	"Lovely apartment renovated in 2011, cosy and homely located on the 4th floor (elevator) of a typical 1930's ""Art Deco"" building!  The apartment of 40 m² (400 sf) has wooden floor, high ceiling and central heating opens on a quiet and nice flowered courtyard. The double living-room is furnished with a brand new large leather hidebed in one room and an also brand new confortable murphy double-bed, table / desk and chairs. The rent includes all the household linen (sheets, towels, tablecloths), LCD TV, Video player,high speedinternet, Wi-Fi , a french DVD collection and a selection of books. Should you want to call back home, it is free for many countries including USA, Canada, UK, etc...The kitchen is fully equipped with gas burners, oven, microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher etc...(pots, pans, plates, glasses, cutlery, towels). The stretchable dining table will allow you to have more space during day time! There is also storage space available for all your personal e"	"Lovely apartment renovated in 2011, cosy and homely located on the 4th floor (elevator) of a typical 1930's ""Art Deco"" building!  The apartment of 40 m² (400 sf) has wooden floor, high ceiling and central heating opens on a quiet and nice flowered courtyard. The double living-room is furnished with a brand new large leather hidebed in one room and an also brand new confortable murphy double-bed, table / desk and chairs. The rent includes all the household linen (sheets, towels, tablecloths), LCD TV, Video player,high speedinternet, Wi-Fi , a french DVD collection and a selection of books. Should you want to call back home, it is free for many countries including USA, Canada, UK, etc...The kitchen is fully equipped with gas burners, oven, microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher etc...(pots, pans, plates, glasses, cutlery, towels). The stretchable dining table will allow you to have more space during day time! There is also storage space available for all your personal e"
32560		Our appartment is nice and bright. There is a double bed in the room and a sofa bed in the living-room. A little balcony will allow you to enjoy the life and colours of the 18th district. Popular neighbourhood, which can be a little noisy sometimes, but always nice and lively. Very near to the metro station, cafés and shops. Close to the very cute Marché de l'olive. Laundry at the bottom of the house. Metro: 2 minutes from the metro station line 12.  Taxi stand next to the metro station. Buses: line 60 (Montmartre, Buttes Chaumont), line 65 (Gare de l'Est, République, Bastille).  20 min from Montmartre and la Villette by foot.
32561		An approximately 20m square studio with a fully equipped kitchenette, a sitting area with a coffee table and a lying area with a double bed and a TV. Located in the heart of Paris near the legendary district Pigalle, 5 minutes from Montmartre.
32562	Sa situation géographique et son panorama. Cet coquet studio est idéal pour accueillir 2 personnes. Studio au 6ème étage dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, en plein coeur de Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses. (1 mn du métro Abbesses). Canapé-lit cinna confortable ( 140x200), penderie, cuisine équipée (plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec douche à l'italienne - toilettes - Accès wifi et enceinte musique.	Ce ravissant studio refait à neuf par un architecte d'intérieur, au 6ème étage offre une vue exceptionnelle sur les monuments de Paris. Situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, dans le quartier des Abbesses, à côté du Sacré-Coeur et du Moulin Rouge. Sa situation géographique et son panorama. Cet coquet studio est idéal pour accueillir 2 personnes. Studio au 6ème étage dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, en plein coeur de Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses. (1 mn du métro Abbesses). Canapé-lit cinna confortable ( 140x200), penderie, cuisine équipée (plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec douche à l'italienne - toilettes - Accès wifi et enceinte musique. Wifi - enceinte musique Laëtitia vous accueillera dans la bonne humeur et fera en sorte de satisfaire les envies de chacun. Présentation de bonnes adresses (restaurants, bistrots, expositions, musées....). Brochures et plan de paris fournis.  Laëtitia sera disponible tout au long de votre séjour (services de conc
32563	The studio is located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris; It includes the main room, with a bed for two people, a desk and a kitchen. The place is brand new in all its furniture and amenities, and is nice to chill even in the day if you need to have some rest. There is a separate bathroom including a shower. The sun enlightens the place during the whole day, especially from 10am to1pm. At this time, it is pleasant to open the window to take a sunbath during your lunch !	nice 14m2 studio, 30 sec away from the sub. Ask me anything about the neighborhood ! First tips here : 10 min walk from Montmartre. 10 min away, Saint-Ouen flea market is perfect for vintage clothes. For restaurants, rue du Ruisseau is amazing. The studio is located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris; It includes the main room, with a bed for two people, a desk and a kitchen. The place is brand new in all its furniture and amenities, and is nice to chill even in the day if you need to have some rest. There is a separate bathroom including a shower. The sun enlightens the place during the whole day, especially from 10am to1pm. At this time, it is pleasant to open the window to take a sunbath during your lunch ! You'll have access to all rooms and amenities. As you arrive, I'll take time to inform you about all details, and give you a notice about the principal amenities and about the internet access. Feel free to leave me e-mails or text messages for further questions, i will be helpfu
32564	Ce charmant 2 pièces de 35m² vient d'être totalement rénové et vous apporte le confort d'équipements neufs tout en conservant le charme des appartements anciens typiquement parisien avec parquet d'origine et  cheminée. Situé à côté de la rue Lepic, rendue célèbre par le film de Jean-Pierre Jeunet 'Le fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain', vous pourrez profiter de ses nombreux commerces, cafés et restaurants. Montmartre n'est qu'à 5 minutes à pieds et le métro Abesses à 2 minutes vous permet de vous rendre facilement dans tous les hauts-lieux de Paris. Cet appartement se compose d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé convertible offrant un couchage pour 2 personnes, d'une télévision et d'une connexion wifi, d'une cuisine totalement équipée ouverte sur le séjour, d'une salle de bains avec baignoire balnéo et d'une petite chambre avec un lit de 1.40m pour 2 personnes. La cuisine est totalement équipée, outre la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine, vous avez à votre disposition, un lave-vaisselle, 	Vous vous trouverez en plein cœur du plus parisien de nos quartiers : Montmartre!  Ce charmant 2 pièces de 35m² vient d'être totalement rénové et vous apporte le confort d'équipements neufs tout en conservant le charme des appartements anciens typiquement parisien avec parquet d'origine et  cheminée. Situé à côté de la rue Lepic, rendue célèbre par le film de Jean-Pierre Jeunet 'Le fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain', vous pourrez profiter de ses nombreux commerces, cafés et restaurants. Montmartre n'est qu'à 5 minutes à pieds et le métro Abesses à 2 minutes vous permet de vous rendre facilement dans tous les hauts-lieux de Paris. Cet appartement se compose d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé convertible offrant un couchage pour 2 personnes, d'une télévision et d'une connexion wifi, d'une cuisine totalement équipée ouverte sur le séjour, d'une salle de bains avec baignoire balnéo et d'une petite chambre avec un lit de 1.40m pour 2 personnes. La cuisine est totalement équipée, outre la vaissel
32565	The apartment is in a popular area (two big markets are close by, on Wednesday and Saturday); shops; cafe'; African, French, Japanese, Indian restaurants. 	The apartment is in a popular area (two big markets are close by, on Wednesday and Saturday); shops; cafe'; African, French, Japanese, Indian restaurants.  The guests have access to the whole apartment. For any question I will be happy and available to talk to you.    La Goutte d'Or is a mix of many cultures and traditions living in the same place. The apartment is an easy way to be close to the main attractions in Paris. A cosy and relaxing (completely renewed) place.  Metro 2 e metro 4.  The apartment is very lightly, with three real rooms.  The beds are: a futon + tatami in one room; 1 single bed in the living room; 1 single bed (for a kid) in the third room.  L'appartement est lumineux, avec 3 vraies chambres (Une chambres à lit double futon + tatami; une grand salon/salle a manger avec un lit standard et une chambre d'enfants avec 1 lits simple). 
32566	Situé au troisième étage (sans ascenseur, le bâti est ancien) d'un immeuble à l'accès sécurisé par pass, mon logement  vous accueillera au dessus d'une rue plutôt animée du nord de Paris. Montmartre à 10 minutes, vous trouverez commerces et bars à proximité, ainsi que les transports pour vous permettre de découvrir toute la capitale. Vous pourrez vous réveillez avec le soleil levant (mais les doubles vitrages et les rideaux vous en protègeront aussi) dans une ambiance décorée d'objets rapportés de voyages et de photographies. Les plantes seront ravies de profiter de votre présence!	Dans le quartier de Château Rouge, vous profiterez d'un studio à la décoration métissée, situé à proximité du Sacré Coeur et de nombreux transports vous menant aux 4 coins de Paris. 25 m2 pour vous accueillir avec cuisine équipée, entrée-dressing et salle d'eau. Situé au troisième étage (sans ascenseur, le bâti est ancien) d'un immeuble à l'accès sécurisé par pass, mon logement  vous accueillera au dessus d'une rue plutôt animée du nord de Paris. Montmartre à 10 minutes, vous trouverez commerces et bars à proximité, ainsi que les transports pour vous permettre de découvrir toute la capitale. Vous pourrez vous réveillez avec le soleil levant (mais les doubles vitrages et les rideaux vous en protègeront aussi) dans une ambiance décorée d'objets rapportés de voyages et de photographies. Les plantes seront ravies de profiter de votre présence! La cuisine équipée dispose d'un réfrigérateur, un four, deux plaques chauffantes et une machine à laver, le matériel de cuisine (cafetière italienne
32567	Tipical parisian flat over the roofs, open space, kitchen, 1 double bed, cheminet, parquet, toilet. Internet included. For 2 people.	The apartment consists of a spacious room, open plan kitchen, a chimney and a double bed.  Internet and washing mashine. Fantastic view over Paris roofs! Tipical parisian flat over the roofs, open space, kitchen, 1 double bed, cheminet, parquet, toilet. Internet included. For 2 people. Internet, Washing machine, cheminet, TV, Hi-FI Metro line nr. (email hidden), shops, restaurants, café. I live in Italy, in Florence, where I also rent another apartment ;-)  In Paris there is a very nice friend of mine, who is in charge of the apartment since 2008, and who will be glad to help you with everything you need to know about Paris. Close to the apartment you will find Place des Abbesses with its metro station and everything you might need, from restaurants and bars to supermarkets, shopping and groceries: There are lots of shops and really nice café s & restaurants around. Rue des Abbesses is a very dynamic street with a lot of pubs and typical parisian restaurants! Nice places to get drinks 
32568	This small apartment is nestled in a cocoon under the roof.  It offers a view of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Quiet and light guaranteed ! This little 2 rooms renovated is perfect for one person or a couple. With a very respectful and friendly neighborhood, you'll enjoy this part of Haussmann building.  The parquet floor and the view over the rooftops of the Butte Montmartre are the keys to its charm.  It is the seventh floor without lift, but it's actually quite easy! I made it every day the last two years and it has been perfect... the view and quietness on the top are very good motivation :)	This small apartment is nestled in a cocoon under the roof.  It offers a view of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Quiet and light guaranteed ! This little 2 rooms renovated is perfect for one person or a couple. With a very respectful and friendly neighborhood, you'll enjoy this part of Haussmann building.  The parquet floor and the view over the rooftops of the Butte Montmartre are the keys to its charm.  It is the seventh floor without lift, but it's actually quite easy! I made it every day the last two years and it has been perfect... the view and quietness on the top are very good motivation :) - Fully equipped kitchen  - Walk-in Shower  - Laundry  - Double bed, mattress comfort  - Wireless Internet  - Printer / scanner / copier  And relaxation in the ... FatBoy facing the view.  The toilets are on the landing (the door next to the appartment's one). They are shared with the two neighbours who are very clean, respectful and sympathic. District where life is good, always lively and w
32569	We live a cozy one bedroom apartment with a full living room and bathroom. The 3 windows in the living room look out over the Abbesses street, with a magnificient view on Paris (including Opera Garnier and Eiffel tower). A full kitchen includes a 4-range stove, oven, microwave and refrigerator/freezer.Queen size bed in the bedroom. Bathroom with shower.  6th floor NO LIFT	If you want to live like a true parisian, near the famous sites but not amidst the tourist crowds, you will love staying in our area. Cosy modern flat, ideal for a couple, 6th floor NO LIFT but a magnificent view over Paris. We live a cozy one bedroom apartment with a full living room and bathroom. The 3 windows in the living room look out over the Abbesses street, with a magnificient view on Paris (including Opera Garnier and Eiffel tower). A full kitchen includes a 4-range stove, oven, microwave and refrigerator/freezer.Queen size bed in the bedroom. Bathroom with shower.  6th floor NO LIFT Two différents lines of metro are very close: line 12 (Abbesses station 50 meters) and line 2 (Pigalle station 150 meters). 
32570		Studio sur la butte montmatre avec emplacement idéal. Environnement montmartois avec ses pubs,accès métro immédiat,boutique et commodités aux alentours.Refait complètement a neuf avec machine a laver, micro ondes,frigidaire et congélateur... ACCES DIRECT AVEC LA STATION LAMACK CAULAINCOURT Je me ferai un plaisir de vous guider dans votre découverte du quartier le quartier montmartois vous propose une animation typiquement parisienne le studio se situe a la station de metro lamack caulaincourt
32571	Situated in a very beautiful building on the Hill of Montmartre this apartment is ready to accommodate up to 4 persons. Recently renovated this apartment is ideal for your stay in Paris. It is composed of a nice living room with the sofa bed and a kitchenette, a bathroom and a mezzanine with a double bedroom. Tastefully decorated, spacious and very calm this studio is a haven of peace in the heart of Paris.	    Beautiful Studio Mezzanine    Situated in a very beautiful building on the Hill of Montmartre this apartment is ready to accommodate up to 4 persons. Recently renovated this apartment is ideal for your stay in Paris. It is composed of a nice living room with the sofa bed and a kitchenette, a bathroom and a mezzanine with a double bedroom. Tastefully decorated, spacious and very calm this studio is a haven of peace in the heart of Paris. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and a
32572	Spacieux, lumineux et très bien situé.	"Grand 2 pièces de 70m2 situé Place de Clichy entre les Champs Elysées et Montmartre.  Grande chambre avec lit 2 places, salon spacieux avec cuisine US. Quartier vivant et bien desservi par le métro Ligne 2 et 13 et les BUS (phone number hidden).  Spacieux, lumineux et très bien situé. Accès à tous l'équipement ménagé. Réception à l'arrivée et au départ des voyageurs. Le marché bio du samedi matin, les cinémas et les commerces. Métro : Ligne 2 et 13 BUS : (phone number hidden) Appartement non-fumeur, au 3ème étage avec un grand et bel ascenseur ""big lift""."
32573	This big family flat, tipycally Parisien is right down the Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, sunny, with huge balcony, his 3 bed rooms ( 5/6 places with kids) smart distribution allowing intimacy and his new bathroom will delight you. Quiet street (almost no cars & 2 bedrooms are not on the street) Bedrooms : 1 parental 1 single 1 kids room (possible for 3) 3 coatch in the triple living room kitchen: washing machine, hoven, toast, rice-cooker, etc Bathroom : bath, towels, washin & drying WC Triple living room: 8 places coaches, dining table (extendable) 2 desk, table outdoor on the balcony, Hi-Fi, Intrenet & wifi Subways: RER B Gare du Nord (exit La Chapele) Sub La Chapelle / Barbès / Chateau Rouge / Marquadetr-Poissoniers As it's our living appartement, we rent it while we are in howlidays, so you will be on touch whith our friend from the neer area who will welcolme you and will be able to advise you while you stay, his you need it. The area : Le quartier Saint Bernard is locaded down Mon	This big family flat, tipycally Parisien is right down the Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, sunny, his 2 bed rooms ( 3 after the 11 of juily = all flat for your ) a smart distribution allowing intimacy and his new bathroom will delight you. Quiet street. This big family flat, tipycally Parisien is right down the Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, sunny, with huge balcony, his 3 bed rooms ( 5/6 places with kids) smart distribution allowing intimacy and his new bathroom will delight you. Quiet street (almost no cars & 2 bedrooms are not on the street) Bedrooms : 1 parental 1 single 1 kids room (possible for 3) 3 coatch in the triple living room kitchen: washing machine, hoven, toast, rice-cooker, etc Bathroom : bath, towels, washin & drying WC Triple living room: 8 places coaches, dining table (extendable) 2 desk, table outdoor on the balcony, Hi-Fi, Intrenet & wifi Subways: RER B Gare du Nord (exit La Chapele) Sub La Chapelle / Barbès / Chateau Rouge / Marquadetr-Poissoniers As it's our living ap
32574	The light and the sun in the living room, and the view... 	Charming 38m². 20 rue Stephenson 75018. Fully equipped.  1 Bedroom apt-ideal 2 persons, + 1 sofa bed for 3rd pers. 15mn walking to Montmartre & 10mn to Gare du Nord. Very Nice view.  Full of light, comfort & charm.  4th Floor, NO Elevator. The light and the sun in the living room, and the view...  Montmartre, Gare du Nord. 
32575	Lumineux, calme. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf.	Très beaux 40m2 Paris 18ème, quartier Pajol. Très propre, lumineux, calme. RER B, métro 2-12-7. Proche marché de l'Olive, parcs et Hall Pajol (restaurants). Internet Lumineux, calme. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf. internet, lave vaisselle, machine à laver, four, Tv Proche Sacré-Cœur. Le marché de l'Olive (marche réputé à Paris ouvert tout les jours de 9h00 a 19h30). La hall Pajol (restaurants très cosmopolites). Proximité du 104 (centre d'art contemporain). Proximité de parc et square. Nombreux bars et café. Metro 12 Marx Dormoy, RERb Gare du Nord, Metro 7 Riquet, Metro 2 La Chapelle, Metro 4 Marcadet poissonniers.
32576	Recently refurbished appartment in a mordern & arty style, in a 1920's small & quiet building, typical of the old village of Montmartre. The appartment offers all comfort : a double bed 160x200, 1 bathroom with shower, washing machine, kitchen with fridge, Nespresso machine, microwave oven, traditional oven, TV. Located on the 1st floor from stairs.	Located in a very quiet dead end street in the artists village of Montmartre. You will enjoy the quiet and retro village ambiance of Montmartre, a neighbourhood mainly occupied by parisians, in the northern non touristic part of the hill.
32577		Wifi,tv,radiateur et tous le confort parisien
32578	"At the foot of Montmartre, next to the charming Square Clignancourt and the ""Rue du poteau"" Market... Beautiful 3 room apartment (55 m2), bright, double exposure, lots of charm. Melanie and Alain will be pleased to welcome you. The 6th (top) floor WITH elevator of a building Haussmann (typical Parisian nineteenth century), with an entry code, intercom, double glazing, open views. Two bedrooms, hardwood floors, fully equipped kitchen, bath room light, with large walk-in shower. This apartment is equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a cinema projector with projection screen, a hi-fi system, telephone and unlimited broadband internet access with wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Close to all amenities (shops, 30 m from the supermarket and the metro line 4, 400 m from the metro line 12 and Montmartrobus), 16 minute walk from the ""Sacré coeur"", 15 minutes by subway from the Place du Châtelet station Velib (bike Self-"	"Beautiful 3 room apartment of 55 m2, bright,  double exposure, lots of charm.  At the foot of Montmartre, next to the charming Square Clignancourt, Puces de St Ouen  Very close to shops and transport! At the foot of Montmartre, next to the charming Square Clignancourt and the ""Rue du poteau"" Market... Beautiful 3 room apartment (55 m2), bright, double exposure, lots of charm. Melanie and Alain will be pleased to welcome you. The 6th (top) floor WITH elevator of a building Haussmann (typical Parisian nineteenth century), with an entry code, intercom, double glazing, open views. Two bedrooms, hardwood floors, fully equipped kitchen, bath room light, with large walk-in shower. This apartment is equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a cinema projector with projection screen, a hi-fi system, telephone and unlimited broadband internet access with wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Close to all amenities (shops, 30 m fro"
32579	The apartment Located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a nice building with caretaker and concierge, the apartment has a large balcony overlooking a beautiful private garden. The accommodation offers all the comfort of a modern apartment : large open kitchen fully equipped (Freezer, oven, microwave, espresso machine, etc. ) ; living room with a high quality sofa bed (140x200), 32 inch flat screen, VOD, high speed Wifi / LAN, unlimited calls (landlines in France and 120 countries). Large sunny balcony, caretaker, concierge, security code, available parking in the building (extra).	Welcome to Montmartre! This fully renovated apartment, spacious (47m2), sunny, very quiet will make you spend a pleasant stay in Paris. Good heating & hot water. Ideally located, 3 metro lines and 3 bus lines serves the main sites of the capital.  The apartment Located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a nice building with caretaker and concierge, the apartment has a large balcony overlooking a beautiful private garden. The accommodation offers all the comfort of a modern apartment : large open kitchen fully equipped (Freezer, oven, microwave, espresso machine, etc. ) ; living room with a high quality sofa bed (140x200), 32 inch flat screen, VOD, high speed Wifi / LAN, unlimited calls (landlines in France and 120 countries). Large sunny balcony, caretaker, concierge, security code, available parking in the building (extra). I live in the same street , very convenient. Neighborhood - The authentic charm of Montmartre (Sacré-cœur, vineyard, Moulin Rouge, Abbesses, theaters). - Commercial
32580	"""Tiny but Nice"". You'll love it!"	"I live alone in a lovely 20 m2 studio flat. I can host up to two people but I prefer to host one since the flat is tiny.  We’ll be sharing the flat but not the bed as the guests take the bunk bed and I sleep on the couch. ""Tiny but Nice"". You'll love it! ""Sacré Cœur"" is like 4 minutes walking from my place. 2 metro stations are very close, BUT you'll love Paris if you go biking!!"
32581	Renovated for an optimum occupancy! Its quality is the neighborough which make you feel a part of the village. For two people, you'll be happy to rest after visiting the city, or working all day - Stores open late at night.	"35 m2 renovated, ""sous les toits de Paris"", in the young and cool Montmartre 's neighborough , between Sacré Coeur and the famous flea market of Clignancourt . Many stores open late and so french :bakery, cheese, wine, groceries  rightdownstairs !! Renovated for an optimum occupancy! Its quality is the neighborough which make you feel a part of the village. For two people, you'll be happy to rest after visiting the city, or working all day - Stores open late at night. the appartment is entirely at the disposal of the visitors I'll be there at the entrance and as far as possible disposal 24H/24 for any informations you need. I love my city and I'll be happy to share my passion with the hosts directly in the one of the famous and more typically villages of paris  (friendly neighbours ) and food and fashion and cool bars - easy from Gare du Nord ( airport and London shuttle) - it's a perfect stop for a parisian projection So close to the most popular fleamarket in Paris : (website hidden)"
32582	L'appartement de type Haussemannien, fait 40 m2. Les moulures au plafond lui donne un caractère authentique dans un des quartiers les plus atypiques de Paris, Montmartre. Le bar americain dans l'appartement est une oeuvre d'art d'un artiste Francais. Le Sacré-Coeur est à seulement 4 minutes de l'appartement. La vue donne sur une cours intérieure calme et l'appartement et très lumineux. Dans l'appartement vous aurez la Tv, une machine à laver, une baignoire, des serviettes et des draps propres. Internet est en cours d'installation !  The Haussemannien type of apartment is 40 sq m . The ceiling moldings give it an authentic character in one of the most unusual areas of Paris, Montmartre. The American bar in the apartment is an artwork of a French artist. The Sacred Heart is only 4 minutes from the apartment . The view overlooks a quiet courtyard what makes the apartment very bright. In the apartment you'll have the TV, washing machine , bath , towels and clean sheets. Internet is being i	L'appartement de type Haussemannien, fait 40 m2. Les moulures au plafond lui donne un caractère authentique dans un des quartiers les plus atypiques de Paris, Montmartre. Le bar americain dans l'appartement est une oeuvre d'art d'un artiste Francais. Le Sacré-Coeur est à seulement 4 minutes de l'appartement. La vue donne sur une cours intérieure calme et l'appartement et très lumineux. Dans l'appartement vous aurez la Tv, une machine à laver, une baignoire, des serviettes et des draps propres. Internet est en cours d'installation !  The Haussemannien type of apartment is 40 sq m . The ceiling moldings give it an authentic character in one of the most unusual areas of Paris, Montmartre. The American bar in the apartment is an artwork of a French artist. The Sacred Heart is only 4 minutes from the apartment . The view overlooks a quiet courtyard what makes the apartment very bright. In the apartment you'll have the TV, washing machine , bath , towels and clean sheets. Internet is being i
32583	Set on a quiet, sunny courtyard, the apartment offers a bit of calm in the midst of a bustling tourist attraction. Enjoy a separate bedroom with a queen size bed and an en-suite bathroom. In the living room you'll find a large and very comfortable sofa bed, which pulls out easily with all the cushions in place.  	Situated between the trendy Abbesses neighbourhood and the Place St Pierre (at the base of the Funiculaire), this beautiful one-bedroom apartment offers a comfortable and stylish accommodation for up to four people.  Set on a quiet, sunny courtyard, the apartment offers a bit of calm in the midst of a bustling tourist attraction. Enjoy a separate bedroom with a queen size bed and an en-suite bathroom. In the living room you'll find a large and very comfortable sofa bed, which pulls out easily with all the cushions in place.   Compact but fully equipped kitchen, with washer/dryer, dishwasher, oven, stove, microwave, Nespresso machine and fridge freezer. High-speed wireless internet. Cable TV with some English channels. DVD/Blue-ray player.  I'm happy to answer any questions you might have about the apartment, our neighborhood or Paris in general, before or during your stay. 
32584	C’est au cœur de Montmartre, à deux pas de la rue Lepic, que vous découvrirez ce joli petit studio design. Le studio est situé au calme dans la rue Constance, donnant sur la célèbre rue Lepic et le quartier des Abbesses à Montmartre. Au-delà de son intérêt touristique et historique, le quartier est particulièrement apprécié pour avoir conservé une réelle vie de quartier avec une multitude de commerces traditionnels, de bars et de restaurants ce qui en fait un des coins des plus vivants et accueillants de Paris. Le studio est à deux pas de tous les sites Montmartrois et des moyens de transport parisiens. En métro vous rejoindrez les Champs-Elysées en 15 minutes et le Louvre en 25 minutes. Le quartier Montmartre-Moulin Rouge s'étend sur tout le XVIIIème arrondissement et une partie du IXème arrondissement. Il comporte l'ancienne commune de Montmartre, rattachée en 1860 à Paris. La butte Montmartre est le quartier le plus touristique de Paris avec la basilique du Sacré-Coeur qui domine la	C’est au cœur de Montmartre, à deux pas de la rue Lepic, que vous découvrirez ce joli petit studio design. Le studio est situé au calme dans la rue Constance, donnant sur la célèbre rue Lepic et le quartier des Abbesses à Montmartre. Au-delà de son intérêt touristique et historique, le quartier est particulièrement apprécié pour avoir conservé une réelle vie de quartier avec une multitude de commerces traditionnels, de bars et de restaurants ce qui en fait un des coins des plus vivants et accueillants de Paris. Le studio est à deux pas de tous les sites Montmartrois et des moyens de transport parisiens. En métro vous rejoindrez les Champs-Elysées en 15 minutes et le Louvre en 25 minutes. Le quartier Montmartre-Moulin Rouge s'étend sur tout le XVIIIème arrondissement et une partie du IXème arrondissement. Il comporte l'ancienne commune de Montmartre, rattachée en 1860 à Paris. La butte Montmartre est le quartier le plus touristique de Paris avec la basilique du Sacré-Coeur qui domine la
32585	Situated in the heart of Montmartre (Abbesses) very cosy and unique parisian appartment of 60 square meters.  Spacious and sunny living room with usable chimney and fully equiped kitchen. Cute balcony oriented southwest with amazing view on Paris (5th floor) : ideal for breakfast !  Two Independant Bedrooms with double beds. Recently renovated bathroom and kitchen.  Internet connexion with WI-FI available.	Lovely and unique appartment in Montmartre  with a balcony and an amazing view over Paris. Ideal for a couple or a family. Situated in the heart of Montmartre (Abbesses) very cosy and unique parisian appartment of 60 square meters.  Spacious and sunny living room with usable chimney and fully equiped kitchen. Cute balcony oriented southwest with amazing view on Paris (5th floor) : ideal for breakfast !  Two Independant Bedrooms with double beds. Recently renovated bathroom and kitchen.  Internet connexion with WI-FI available. I'll be available at any time during your stay if you need anything. The appartment is situated Rue Houdon, a quiet street of the Abbesses, one of the most charming and animated neighbourhoods in Montmartre. Metro stations : Pigalle - Abbesses
32586	This apartment was recently renovated by a couple of architect. It has a perfect size to host a couple and there is also an extra bed in the living room. There are 2 main rooms, a big living room connected to the kitchen, a sleeping room, a bathroom/dressing room and toilets. This flat, situated on the 6th and last floor of the building, is plenty of sun light thanks to its big windows facing south. No need to climb stairs there is an elevetor. The apartment is very comfortable. A washing/drying machine, and a dishwasher are available. The kitchen is made and furnished for people who like cooking. And there is a big bathtub. Our apartment is a perfect place for discovering Paris and having some rest in a comfortable place.	Perfect place for discovering Paris and having some rest in a comfortable place. This apartment was recently renovated by a couple of architect. It has a perfect size to host a couple and there is also an extra bed in the living room. There are 2 main rooms, a big living room connected to the kitchen, a sleeping room, a bathroom/dressing room and toilets. This flat, situated on the 6th and last floor of the building, is plenty of sun light thanks to its big windows facing south. No need to climb stairs there is an elevetor. The apartment is very comfortable. A washing/drying machine, and a dishwasher are available. The kitchen is made and furnished for people who like cooking. And there is a big bathtub. Our apartment is a perfect place for discovering Paris and having some rest in a comfortable place. This listing is for the entire apartment and its balcony. Nearby Montmatre (15 min by foot), the apartment is situated in a very nice Parisian place, next too plenty of shops such as gro
32587		Au plein centre du quartier historique de Montmartre, a quelques minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, ce grand studio/1 chambre est parfait pour un couple éventuellement avec un enfant. Le WIFI est inclus dans le service. Un lit bébé peux être disponible.
32588	Charming 2 rooms parisian flat, on the fourth floor of a nice 19th century building. Beautiful wooden floor, mouldings, fireplace. Decorated with charm and elegance. Very bright. South-facing. All furnished.  Hall. Main room which can accommodate two persons (+ one on a air mattress). Flat screen TV. Unlimited high-speed Internet. WiFi, home line phone. Kitchen: gaz cooker with oven, kettle, toaster and utensils necessary for the cooking. Bathroom with bath, washing machine, iron and ironing board at your disposal. Situated in the 18eme area of Paris, Train station Chateau Rouge, 2 stops from gare du Nord, and 10 minutes walk of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Close Bus and Taxis station.  Smokers accepted / Animals accepted Deposit will be asked you upon your arrival and restored at the time of your departure. Entry and departure of the apartment to organize according own availabilities. The owner speaks French and currently English.  For more informations about the accommodation, ple	Charming 2 rooms parisian flat, on the fourth floor of a nice 19th century building. Beautiful wooden floor, mouldings, fireplace. Decorated with charm and elegance. Very bright. South-facing. All furnished.  Hall. Main room which can accommodate two persons (+ one on a air mattress). Flat screen TV. Unlimited high-speed Internet. WiFi, home line phone. Kitchen: gaz cooker with oven, kettle, toaster and utensils necessary for the cooking. Bathroom with bath, washing machine, iron and ironing board at your disposal. Situated in the 18eme area of Paris, Train station Chateau Rouge, 2 stops from gare du Nord, and 10 minutes walk of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Close Bus and Taxis station.  Smokers accepted / Animals accepted Deposit will be asked you upon your arrival and restored at the time of your departure. Entry and departure of the apartment to organize according own availabilities. The owner speaks French and currently English.  For more informations about the accommodation, ple
32589	Welcome to Poissonniers Bonheur !  This 325 ft2 studio contains a bed for two. It's fully equipped with internet wifi, washing machine, shower, hair drier, clean sheets and towels, TV, DVD and an iMac. The kitchenette is open and is equipped with a multi-function microwave, fridge, coffee maker (Nespresso), electric kettle, toaster and all cooking utensils necessary.  The living-room part is very friendly with a big sofa, where 2 more people can also sleep. The apartment is very luminous; specially during summer because it's situated at the 3rd floor of the building. It is ideally located : - 10 minutes to Montmartre by walk - very close to the metro Marcadet-Poissonniers with 2 convenient lines (4 and 12) : you can directly join the center within 15 minutes (Chatelet, Opéra, Concorde, Gare du Nord Gare de l'Est, etc.). In a lower-class area (it could be a bit lively sometimes), its localization will let you discover the other side of Montmartre, not only the touristic one, the typical	Welcome in this studio apartment : it would be yours for some days ! You will enjoy Montmartre which really right nearby and public transportation (at the foot of my buiding) will bring you easily all over Paris, the city of light !  Welcome to Poissonniers Bonheur !  This 325 ft2 studio contains a bed for two. It's fully equipped with internet wifi, washing machine, shower, hair drier, clean sheets and towels, TV, DVD and an iMac. The kitchenette is open and is equipped with a multi-function microwave, fridge, coffee maker (Nespresso), electric kettle, toaster and all cooking utensils necessary.  The living-room part is very friendly with a big sofa, where 2 more people can also sleep. The apartment is very luminous; specially during summer because it's situated at the 3rd floor of the building. It is ideally located : - 10 minutes to Montmartre by walk - very close to the metro Marcadet-Poissonniers with 2 convenient lines (4 and 12) : you can directly join the center within 15 minut
32590	It feels really great to live in this apartment, it's so confortable, and the heat comes from the floor so you are always warm ! In the summer you can enjoy the balcony.	A very nice and cosy apartment (25m2) with carpets, many lamps, and old trinkets! Refurbished recently so very confortable, with a balcony, an open view, a bathtub and a sofa bed for 2 people. Easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot.  It feels really great to live in this apartment, it's so confortable, and the heat comes from the floor so you are always warm ! In the summer you can enjoy the balcony. I rent my flat when i'm on holiday or when i'm gone for the weekend so it's entirely yours! You 'll find everything you need in the neighbourhood at any time, it's not a very touristic area so it's quite cheap compared to other places in Paris. You are very close to Gare du Nord (10 mins walk or 2 mins by bus) which is the gare you arrive from the airport Roissy Charles de Gaule. Also Gare st Lazare and Gare de l'Est are quite close by bus or metro. The metro is right next to the building, it's the station Marx Dormoy (line 12). If you walk 5 mins you have the station La Chapelle
32591	Charmant appartement, tout confort, tout équipé. Capacité: 2 à 3 personnes Location pour une nuit / un week-end / une semaine / vacances Idéalement situé aux pieds de Montmartre, à proximité des stations de métro Anvers ( ligne 2 ), Chateau rouge ( ligne 4 ), Jules Joffrin( ligne 12). Bus ligne 80 APPARTEMENT: Lumineux, agréable, propre, calme et cosy - Chambre: Un lit deux places, un bureau et une magnifique vu sur le Sacré Coeur. - Salon: Un canapé lit en fer forgé, TV (avec Canal plus), Free, wifi, livres de tourisme sur Paris. - Cuisine: Mini four, frigo, micro-onde, cafetière, grille pain, vaisselle, bar avec chaises haute... - Salle de bain: Baignoire, lave linge, WC. QUARTIER: - Appartement situé au nord de Paris, idéalement situé au coeur du village Ramey, au pied de la butte de Montmartre - Basilique du Sacré Cœur à 5 minutes à pieds, accessible par un escalier 2 rue plus loin ( Passage Cottin ) - Nombreuses salles de spectacles, de concert et de théâtres à proximité: le Mouli	Charmant appartement, tout confort, tout équipé. Capacité: 2 à 3 personnes Location pour une nuit / un week-end / une semaine / vacances Idéalement situé aux pieds de Montmartre, à proximité des stations de métro Anvers ( ligne 2 ), Chateau rouge ( ligne 4 ), Jules Joffrin( ligne 12). Bus ligne 80 APPARTEMENT: Lumineux, agréable, propre, calme et cosy - Chambre: Un lit deux places, un bureau et une magnifique vu sur le Sacré Coeur. - Salon: Un canapé lit en fer forgé, TV (avec Canal plus), Free, wifi, livres de tourisme sur Paris. - Cuisine: Mini four, frigo, micro-onde, cafetière, grille pain, vaisselle, bar avec chaises haute... - Salle de bain: Baignoire, lave linge, WC. QUARTIER: - Appartement situé au nord de Paris, idéalement situé au coeur du village Ramey, au pied de la butte de Montmartre - Basilique du Sacré Cœur à 5 minutes à pieds, accessible par un escalier 2 rue plus loin ( Passage Cottin ) - Nombreuses salles de spectacles, de concert et de théâtres à proximité: le Mouli
32592		Situé au plein coeur du 18ieme à côté du marché de l'olive et proche du canal de l'ourcq, grand studio avec lit double grande cuisine et baignoire. Lumineux déco ethnique A 10 min a pied de garde du nord pour les connexions airport CDG/Orly 
32593		30m^2 dans quartier vivant. appartement bien agencé au calme. salon, chambre et cuisine séparés. idéale courts séjours à paris. proche Montmartre, métro ligne 4 au pied de l'immeuble.
32594		Je partage un charmant studio situé en bas de la butte Montmartre, à 15mn du sacré cœur dans une résidence calme et propre. Le studio tout équipé est situé dans un quartier animé avec des commerces à proximité, des restaurant et à 5mn du métro. Comme le studio sera à partager avec moi, je pourrai vous aider sans souci lors de votre séjour dans le quartier. Le quartier est très animé avec la présence de commerce en bas de l'immeuble. L'appartement est situé à 15mn du Sacré Coeur, Pigalle et Montmartre. Très animé de jour comme de nuit. Le logement est à proximité des transports en commun: 5mn à pieds des métros Guy Moquet (Ligne 13), Lamarck-Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) et 7 mn de la station Jules Joffrin (Ligne 12). La ligne 31 du bus est située en bas de l'immeuble Il y a également un grand balcon, qui donne sur la rue avec une grande baie vitrée
32595	Le canapé-lit sera remplacé à votre arrivée par un gros futon confortable. Il y a un petit bureau, une machine à laver dans la cuisine avec de la lessive à disposition, et de la place pour cuisiner !	"Petit appartement lumineux à Max Dormoy, une pièce à vivre où dormir, une cuisine séparée et une douche. Quartier animé d'où l'ont rejoint en quelques minutes tout le 18eme, les lignes 2, 4 et 12, avec accès rapide aux gares du Nord et de l'Est. Le canapé-lit sera remplacé à votre arrivée par un gros futon confortable. Il y a un petit bureau, une machine à laver dans la cuisine avec de la lessive à disposition, et de la place pour cuisiner ! Métro Marx Dormoy ou arrêt ""Les Roses"" du bus 65, qui rejoint notamment Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est en quelques minutes."
32596	Charming 2 room apartment of 40 m2 located at the foot of Montmartre, at the 6th floor  (no elevator sorry !) It consists of:  - A bright living room with sleeping one place (one sofa as extra bed - best for kids but adult also can sleep on it). - One bedroom with a real bed 2 places (160 x 190 cm) - A bathroom with bathtub and washing machine  - a fitted kitchen with hob and microwave. 3 people can stay in the apartment.	"Charming 2 room apartment of 40 m2 located at the foot of Montmartre. it sleeps 3 people. Located on the 6th floor, the apartment is very quiet and bright. Charming 2 room apartment of 40 m2 located at the foot of Montmartre, at the 6th floor  (no elevator sorry !) It consists of:  - A bright living room with sleeping one place (one sofa as extra bed - best for kids but adult also can sleep on it). - One bedroom with a real bed 2 places (160 x 190 cm) - A bathroom with bathtub and washing machine  - a fitted kitchen with hob and microwave. 3 people can stay in the (website hidden) with cable channels and internet connexion I stay available by phone during your stay  for any questions. The flat is located 15 minutes walk from the ""Sacré Coeur"", 3 minutes walk from the Place Jules Joffrin, known for its famous Rue du Poteau. You can take one of the many subway stations to go quickly everywhere: - 20 mn to the Louvre museum  - 30 mn to the Effeil Tower - 20 mn to Saint Michel area - 20 mn"
32597	-The apartment is composed of a large living room/kitchen, the counter connecting the two spaces, one bedroom and a bathroom with Italian shower. -It is located in the 18th district of Paris, 2 min walk from the subway (lines 12 and 4) and less than 15 min walk from the Sacré Cœur! -Fully equipped kitchen. -There is a WIFI (fiber) and flat screen. -Towels, sheets, soap are included as well as everything for breakfast.	"-The apartment is composed of a large living room/kitchen, the counter connecting the two spaces, one bedroom and a bathroom with Italian shower. -It is located in the 18th district of Paris, 2 min walk from the subway (lines 12 and 4) and less than 15 min walk from the Sacré Cœur! -Fully equipped kitchen. -There is a WIFI (fiber) and flat screen. -Towels, sheets, soap are included as well as everything for breakfast. The flat is housed in the heart of an historic and lively district. You will find typical shops and restaurants and many places to go out. I will obviously be delighted to share with you my favorite spots... The area is very well connected with three subway lines (line 2,4 and 12), leading to the main main sites of Paris. Moreover the apartment is just 15 min walk or 3 subway stations from ""Gare du Nord"" where arrive trains from airports (Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Orly Airport) and trains from the UK, Belgium and the Netherlands (Eurostar, Thalys). There is a"
32598	The room is approximately 3m x 4m, with a standard double bed. Instead of curtains, a roller blind keeps out the light.  There is a small table and a couple of small chairs in the shared kitchen, where we often take breakfast and other light meals.  Bathroom and WC are separate; bathroom has a sink and a quaint vertical bathtub. Room available on weekly rental only.	ONE room in a charming, fully furnished 2-bed apartment in Montmartre, residential district 10 minutes’ walk from Sacré Coeur basilica. It’s very quiet and luminous. Classic wooden parquet floor, shared kitchen, small bathroom and separate WC. The room is approximately 3m x 4m, with a standard double bed. Instead of curtains, a roller blind keeps out the light.  There is a small table and a couple of small chairs in the shared kitchen, where we often take breakfast and other light meals.  Bathroom and WC are separate; bathroom has a sink and a quaint vertical bathtub. Room available on weekly rental only. you have your own key so you can get in and out any time you want main door operates by using digicode We hope your stay with us is enjoyable. Our guests usually prefer for us to stay out of their hair after the initial contact and introduction. If, however, you are after additional assistance, we would help out as best we can. As the apartment is located within a residential compound
32599	The flat is on the first floor of an old building dating from 1895. It is built along the building, therefor it has windows in each room (double glazing and rolling electric shutters).  It is located just above a boulangerie, the perfect spot to fetch some pastries for breakfast! It is composed of: - a living room: with TV, home cinema (5 speakers), a Blu-Ray player and an internet box (Wi-Fi included). - a bathroom: modern, bright and with a large open shower. - a separate kitchen: fully equipped (refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave-oven, kettle, coffee machine, blender and washing machine). - a bedroom: one double bed (140x190) and a large closet. - toilets separate from the bathroom: located in the entrance of the apartment.	Recently renovated and fully equipped 2-rooms apartment with all conforts (Internet included), just a 10min walk from Montmartre. The flat is on the first floor of an old building dating from 1895. It is built along the building, therefor it has windows in each room (double glazing and rolling electric shutters).  It is located just above a boulangerie, the perfect spot to fetch some pastries for breakfast! It is composed of: - a living room: with TV, home cinema (5 speakers), a Blu-Ray player and an internet box (Wi-Fi included). - a bathroom: modern, bright and with a large open shower. - a separate kitchen: fully equipped (refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave-oven, kettle, coffee machine, blender and washing machine). - a bedroom: one double bed (140x190) and a large closet. - toilets separate from the bathroom: located in the entrance of the apartment. Visitors will have access to all of the apartment and its equipment. The apartment is located in a calm and sunny little street. Yo
32600	2 big rooms (2 double beds + 1 inflatable) Big bathroom with a bath tub and a washing machine (Separate toilets)	Cool 75sqm. flat furnished with taste, perfect for family or friends gatherings in Paris! 2 big rooms (2 double beds + 1 inflatable) Big bathroom with a bath tub and a washing machine (Separate toilets) 5 min walk from Guy Mocquet (line 13) 10 min walk from Porte de Clignancourt (line 4)
32601	En plein coeur de Montmartre, Vous disposerez de deux très jolies chambres, spacieuses et claires, dans un bel appartement d'un immeuble haussmannien. Un parquet blond doré, des murs blancs et une indienne en guise de rideaux pour le charme, un lit deux place, une mezzanine et un canapé lit pour le confort, tout est réunis pour faire de votre séjour dans un des quartiers les plus vivants de paris un moment inoubliable ..  Montmartre est un village dans Paris ! Laissez vous charmer par les sinueuses ruelles de pavés, les échoppes et boutiques d'artisanat, les ateliers d'artistes et les terrasses de cafés ou l'on sert le bon petit vin du village! et oui!. les vignes dont chaque automne ont fait les vendanges seront sous vos yeux! .. et beaucoup d'autres trésors ! Toutes les pièces de l'appartements sont grandes, autant la cuisine que la salle de bain. accessible par trois lignes de metro : 12 Abbesses ; 2 Blanche ; 13 place clichy. Vie de quartier unique avec tous ces artistes, chanteurs	En plein coeur de Montmartre, Vous disposerez d'une très jolies chambres, spacieuses et claires, dans un bel appartement d'un immeuble hausmanien. Un parquet blond doré, des murs blancs et une indienne en guise de rideaux pour le charme, un lit de En plein coeur de Montmartre, Vous disposerez de deux très jolies chambres, spacieuses et claires, dans un bel appartement d'un immeuble haussmannien. Un parquet blond doré, des murs blancs et une indienne en guise de rideaux pour le charme, un lit deux place, une mezzanine et un canapé lit pour le confort, tout est réunis pour faire de votre séjour dans un des quartiers les plus vivants de paris un moment inoubliable ..  Montmartre est un village dans Paris ! Laissez vous charmer par les sinueuses ruelles de pavés, les échoppes et boutiques d'artisanat, les ateliers d'artistes et les terrasses de cafés ou l'on sert le bon petit vin du village! et oui!. les vignes dont chaque automne ont fait les vendanges seront sous vos yeux! .. et beaucoup
32602	I am subletting my beautiful room in the 18th. You will share a 45 sq meter flat with a super nice girl working in art and culture.  The room (14sq meters) is always sunny.  Huge desk, cupboard, storages available for your stuffs.  You will feel at home easily!	I am subletting my beautiful room in the 18th. The room (14sq meters) is always sunny.  You will feel at home easily!          I am subletting my beautiful room in the 18th. You will share a 45 sq meter flat with a super nice girl working in art and culture.  The room (14sq meters) is always sunny.  Huge desk, cupboard, storages available for your stuffs.  You will feel at home easily! You will have access to  -a kitchen with everything you'll need (oven, electric hotplate, fridge, rice cooker, blender, coffee maker, toaster, croque-monsieur machine ;) etc )  -the bathroom with a bathtub -toilets I'll be away and you'll stay with my Greek housemate, she's 25 and speaks English, French, Greek, Spanish, Italian.  The flat is perfectly located at 20 -real- meters of the metro station line 4 - Porte de Clignancourt And is perfectly located between les Puces de Clignancourt and Jules Joffrin (5mn walk). The neighborhood is very lively and a mix of popular, bobo, and calm.  You have everythi
32603	You'll find everything you need: sheets, towels, shower gel and soap	You'll find everything you need: sheets, towels, shower gel and soap
32604		Appartement de 26m² refait à neuf en 2014. 1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine/entrée, 1 SDB. Très bien situé aux pieds d'une charmante place et dans un quartier vivant de Montmartre. A 2 minutes à pied du métro Abbesses - Ligne 12.
32605		Studio du 18éme arrondissement parisien, proche Mairie du XVIII, Jules Joffrin, Montmartre, Pigalle. Lit double, canapé et futon, cuisine équipés avec machine à laver, plaque de cuisson... Salle de bain avec douche isolée.
32606	"Just in front the Anvers subway , a famous and popular district of Montmartre, this magnificent renovated duplex is ideal for a big family. It can indeed welcome up to ten persons. It is composed of a spacious and bright stay, a kitchen fully furnished, two bathrooms and three attractive rooms... This apartment will know to seduce you by its comfort and by the view that it offers on the ""all Paris"". The clear and uncluttered decoration is also a trump card for this magnificent Parisian duplex. * Cleaning fees are expected : 80 € * Living expenses are expected (0.40 cts / person / day) * Check in will be at our office in opening hours (09:00-19:00 Monday to Saturday) if a scale is applied: Arrival and / or departure between 19h - 20h € 40.00 Arrival and / or departure between 20h - 00h € 80.00 Arrival and / or departure between 00h - 06h € 120.00 Arrival and / ouDépart between 06h - 08h € 80.00 Arrival and / or departure between 08h - 09h € 40.00 Sundays and public holidays € 80.00 * Re"	"Montmartre Family Apartment Just in front the Anvers subway , a famous and popular district of Montmartre, this magnificent renovated duplex is ideal for a big family. It can indeed welcome up to ten persons. It is composed of a spacious and bright stay, a kitchen fully furnished, two bathrooms and three attractive rooms... This apartment will know to seduce you by its comfort and by the view that it offers on the ""all Paris"". The clear and uncluttered decoration is also a trump card for this magnificent Parisian duplex. * Cleaning fees are expected : 80 € * Living expenses are expected (0.40 cts / person / day) * Check in will be at our office in opening hours (09:00-19:00 Monday to Saturday) if a scale is applied: Arrival and / or departure between 19h - 20h € 40.00 Arrival and / or departure between 20h - 00h € 80.00 Arrival and / or departure between 00h - 06h € 120.00 Arrival and / ouDépart between 06h - 08h € 80.00 Arrival and / or departure between 08h - 09h € 40.00 Sundays and "
32607	The apartment is at the 5th floor; the under-the-roof design, the bare wood pillars and the round-top windows give a warm and welcoming feel. 	Cozy little apartment right between Montmartre and Batignolles neighbourhoods. Experience staying in a typical Parisian studio, and enjoy & discover everything the neighbourhoods and the city have to offer! The apartment is at the 5th floor; the under-the-roof design, the bare wood pillars and the round-top windows give a warm and welcoming feel.  The whole place is yours to enjoy!  There will be some space to store your clothes, luggage and personal items. The rest of my stuff will still be there so please be respectful. The bed is 140x200, very comfortable and firm. The kitchen has all basics cooking utensils that you are welcome to use, including tea, coffee and condiments. Ideally located between the Batignolles and Montmartre, you will be just a walk away from cute cafes and bars, as well as intimate  gourmet restaurants.  It is a 15 mins walk through Montmartre to the Sacré-Coeur Church.  The neighbourhood itself is lively but not loud at night, and has everything you need down t
32608	Appartement dans un immeuble hausmannien	Deux-pièces de 38m2 situé à la mairie du 18.  1 chambre avec un grand lit 2 places, petite salle de douche, toilettes séparés, salon, cuisine séparée.  Proche rue commerçante, tous transports (vélib, métro Jules Joffrin et Simplon, bus 85 et autres). Appartement dans un immeuble hausmannien Accès Internet (fibre), Wifi, TV Je vous donne personnellement les clés de l'appartement. Quartier très vivant, restaurants et bars branchés, rue commerçante juste à côté (marché, fromagerie, boulangerie, charcuterie, poissonnerie), de quoi faire ses courses. Métro Simplon ou Jules Joffrin Bus 85 Proche de la Porte de Clignancourt (en voiture) 5 étages sans ascenseur
32609	Our beautiful and cozy two-room apartment has a real parisian feeling! It can comfortably accommodate up to 3 people and is located in the center, close to Montmartre and 1 minute walk from underground station. 	Our beautiful and cozy two-room apartment with exposed brick has a real feeling metropolitan ! It can comfortably accommodate two people and is located in the center but in a quiet street , just two blocks from Washington Park . Enjoy a fully equippe Our beautiful and cozy two-room apartment has a real parisian feeling! It can comfortably accommodate up to 3 people and is located in the center, close to Montmartre and 1 minute walk from underground station.  Vous pouvez profiter pleinement de notre appartement. Une cuisine entièrement équipée, une chambre confortable avec un lit double et un salon pouvant recevoir une personne supplémentaire dans un canapé-lit pratique. Vous pourrez profiter d'une salle de bain propre avec douche. I am always here to answer to all of your questions! Before, during and after your stay just drop me a line or text me and I will help you :) The district is just amazing: central, livingful and with a lot of amenities. You can live like a local just by buyin
32610		Bel appartement haussmanien, à deux pas de la gare du nord. 4e étage (avec ascensceur), sur cour (très calme)
32611	Sumptous apartment with an unparalleled view of the Sacré Coeur. Charmingly decorated and accommodating up to 6 guests with two bedrooms and double sofa-bed, this light and spacious apartment will have you falling in love at first sight on your first day in Paris. Situated in the centre of the bohemian quarter, Montmartre, this apartment is just a few steps away from the Basilique du Sacré Coeur. It is also close to a number of tourist attractions of the area such as the Moulin Rouge. Aside from the obvious sights not to be missed, this area of Paris sets itself apart with a fantastic variety of restaurants and bars.	Sumptous apartment with an unparalleled view of the Sacré Coeur. Charmingly decorated and accommodating up to 6 guests with two bedrooms and double sofa-bed, this light and spacious apartment will have you falling in love at first sight on your first day in Paris. Situated in the centre of the bohemian quarter, Montmartre, this apartment is just a few steps away from the Basilique du Sacré Coeur. It is also close to a number of tourist attractions of the area such as the Moulin Rouge. Aside from the obvious sights not to be missed, this area of Paris sets itself apart with a fantastic variety of restaurants and bars. Wi-fi internet Apartment phone (calls to landlines internationally, list available upon request) Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre, Le Trianon Metro line 2, 4, 12 Bus
32612	Very bright and pleasurable, our flat is a true little nest at the north of Paris. Very quiet (it is located in a tiny pedestrian street), it gives also an entrance to a private garden, only open for the inhabitants of our little building. Not overlooked, and with welcoming neighbours.	Very bright and pleasurable, our flat is a true little nest at the north of Paris. Very quiet (it is located in a tiny pedestrian street), it gives also an entrance to a private garden, only open for the inhabitants of our little building. Not overlooked, and with welcoming neighbours. The appartment can properly host three people since it has two rooms, one with a single and one with a double bed. But the sofa in the living room is a double sofa bed, very comfortable (one of us is sleeping on it every night, so it's not that bad), two people can sleep on it.
32613	L’appartement est à l’image de ce quartier vibrant de Montmartre : un mélange d’ancien et de moderne qui lui donne un charme à part, terriblement parisien. On est tout près de la place et du métro Abbesses, au premier étage d’un bel immeuble avec une terrasse de café juste en bas, des magasins, un square avec un manège. La vaste pièce à vivre donne sur la rue. Mobilier classique et moderne s’y côtoient dans un décor à l’ancienne : parquet ciré, moulures au plafond, gravures au mur, manteau de cheminée. On est bien dans la maison d’un écrivain : les étagères croulent sous les livres, un magnifique secrétaire  occupe la place centrale, servant de transition entre le salon contemporain et la salle à manger classique. La  cuisine ouverte  est, quant à elle, ultra moderne et parfaitement équipée. De part et d'autre de l'entrée se trouvent les deux chambres sur cour, donc au calme, et la salle de bain.  La première chambre, spacieuse, est équipée d'un un lit double. Là encore, cheminée décor	L’appartement est à l’image de ce quartier vibrant de Montmartre : un mélange d’ancien et de moderne qui lui donne un charme à part, terriblement parisien. On est tout près de la place et du métro Abbesses, au premier étage d’un bel immeuble avec une terrasse de café juste en bas, des magasins, un square avec un manège. La vaste pièce à vivre donne sur la rue. Mobilier classique et moderne s’y côtoient dans un décor à l’ancienne : parquet ciré, moulures au plafond, gravures au mur, manteau de cheminée. On est bien dans la maison d’un écrivain : les étagères croulent sous les livres, un magnifique secrétaire  occupe la place centrale, servant de transition entre le salon contemporain et la salle à manger classique. La  cuisine ouverte  est, quant à elle, ultra moderne et parfaitement équipée. De part et d'autre de l'entrée se trouvent les deux chambres sur cour, donc au calme, et la salle de bain.  La première chambre, spacieuse, est équipée d'un un lit double. Là encore, cheminée décor
32614	The flat is the perfect place to spend few days in Paris. Although the street is very lively with a lot of food shops (very nice bakery, butcher, groccery shop...), you will the apartment is located in a very quiet courtyard. Thus you'll sleep very well there. As it's located on the third floor with big windows, it is also very bright and a big tree hides you from the opposite building.   The flat offers a lot of space for two people and is well furnished and organized:   - The bedroom as a large double bed, a desk and huge bookshelves - The separate kitchen is fully equipped with a coffee machine, a full cookware, an oven and microwave, stoves and even books for your own cookery -  The living room is great to rest in one of our vintage armchairs - The modern bathroom has a shower, a washing machine and I provide clean towels - Wifi and wireless internet are available.  - I keep it clean and very tidy for my guests and I provide clean sheets for the bed.	Our flat is located in the heart of Montmartre, just 2 blocks from the Moulin Rouge and 1 block from Abbesses, in a very shopping area (cute cafés and restaurants around). It has 1 quiet bedroom for 2 people, 1 kitchen and an old-style living room. The flat is the perfect place to spend few days in Paris. Although the street is very lively with a lot of food shops (very nice bakery, butcher, groccery shop...), you will the apartment is located in a very quiet courtyard. Thus you'll sleep very well there. As it's located on the third floor with big windows, it is also very bright and a big tree hides you from the opposite building.   The flat offers a lot of space for two people and is well furnished and organized:   - The bedroom as a large double bed, a desk and huge bookshelves - The separate kitchen is fully equipped with a coffee machine, a full cookware, an oven and microwave, stoves and even books for your own cookery -  The living room is great to rest in one of our vintage armc
32615	"Venez goûter la vie parisienne au coeur d'un quartier historique ! Magnifiquement situé à deux pas de la butte Montmartre, vous voisinerez avec Charles Berling, Orlando, Claude Lelouche, Richard Berry, Didier Bourdon et quelques autres... L'appartement est un ravissant deux pièces, entièrement refait à neuf. Sur cour, il bénéficie d'un calme rare dans la capitale. Il dispose d'un salon ouvert sur la cuisine, et d'une chambre confortable. Entièrement équipé, vous y trouverez une grande TV avec le câble, un lave linge, un four électrique et un four micro-ondes, 4 plaques électriques, et tout le petit électroménager, fer et table à repasser.  Idéalement situé en haut de l'avenue Junot, surnommée ""Les Champs Elysées de la Butte"", entre la place du Tertre (à 5 mn à pied), et la rue Caulaincourt typiquement parisienne, vous découvrirez tous les charmes de la vie quotidienne du ""Village"", alliés aux plus beaux spots touristiques. D'un côté les petits commerçants et les terrasses de café, de l"	"MONTMARTRE. Nid douillet et typique de 34 m2 tout équipé,  calme sur cour, à 5 minutes du Sacré Cœur et de la place du Tertre, à 10 minutes du Moulin Rouge, et de Pigalle, avenue Junot la plus chic et plus célèbre de Montmartre...  Métro à 5 minutes. Venez goûter la vie parisienne au coeur d'un quartier historique ! Magnifiquement situé à deux pas de la butte Montmartre, vous voisinerez avec Charles Berling, Orlando, Claude Lelouche, Richard Berry, Didier Bourdon et quelques autres... L'appartement est un ravissant deux pièces, entièrement refait à neuf. Sur cour, il bénéficie d'un calme rare dans la capitale. Il dispose d'un salon ouvert sur la cuisine, et d'une chambre confortable. Entièrement équipé, vous y trouverez une grande TV avec le câble, un lave linge, un four électrique et un four micro-ondes, 4 plaques électriques, et tout le petit électroménager, fer et table à repasser.  Idéalement situé en haut de l'avenue Junot, surnommée ""Les Champs Elysées de la Butte"", entre la plac"
32616	Very comfortable apartment where you will feel instantly at home. It has a beautiful living room with a large sofa bed for two people. I will make the bed for you so you don't have to bother folding everything back into place. Sheets and towels are changed before and after each stay. And the whole place is fully cleaned before your arrival.  There is a rather large equipped kitchen that you can use if you need it.  I don't own a TV but there is a wireless internet connexion, hot water and a heating system.	A cosy one bedroom, second floor apartment, in the heart of the 18th district of Paris. Located within walking distance of Montmartre, Pigalle and Abesses. It has all you need: Kitchen, bathroom and is 2 min walk from two metro stations. Very comfortable apartment where you will feel instantly at home. It has a beautiful living room with a large sofa bed for two people. I will make the bed for you so you don't have to bother folding everything back into place. Sheets and towels are changed before and after each stay. And the whole place is fully cleaned before your arrival.  There is a rather large equipped kitchen that you can use if you need it.  I don't own a TV but there is a wireless internet connexion, hot water and a heating system. Upon your arrival, I will be glad to quickly show you around before leaving, the closest bakery, restaurants and how to access both the metro stations and the Sacré Coeur. You will have my cell number in case of emergencies or if you want a last minu
32617	West exposed and facing street and courtyard the appartment has an 8m2 terrace with flowerpots and a white round metallic table with two black chairs with the view on the renowned Moulin Rouge. At first is the tiny hall having a portrait of François Truffaut, a 1900’ Louis Philippe mirror and a recessed closet behind a beige fabric curtain. Charming the 23 m2 living room has white and grey walls contrasting with the warm red carpet and two french windows giving access to the 8m2 balcony. Placed to the right side of the hall, its furniture is composed of a square console beside the sofa, two 1930’bridge armchairs and a glass topped coffee table with rought iron legs. Beside there is an Hausmanian console (19th century), a hdTV (240 channels with embedded radio), and a Napoleon III mirror. A rectangular wooden dining table with four white chairs is placed close to the window in the 8 m2 dinning room. This last one has a black and white stone floor. In the kitchen : Micro-wave and grill, 	Exceptional for having being the scene of the film Moulin Rouge (2001) This 47 m2 cozy appartment recently decorated and bright is located on the 5th french floor of a well-maintained building from the beginning of the 20th century. West exposed and facing street and courtyard the appartment has an 8m2 terrace with flowerpots and a white round metallic table with two black chairs with the view on the renowned Moulin Rouge. At first is the tiny hall having a portrait of François Truffaut, a 1900’ Louis Philippe mirror and a recessed closet behind a beige fabric curtain. Charming the 23 m2 living room has white and grey walls contrasting with the warm red carpet and two french windows giving access to the 8m2 balcony. Placed to the right side of the hall, its furniture is composed of a square console beside the sofa, two 1930’bridge armchairs and a glass topped coffee table with rought iron legs. Beside there is an Hausmanian console (19th century), a hdTV (240 channels with embedded rad
32618		Studio parisien agréable de 25m² idéalement situé à deux pas du célèbre quartier de Montmartre et de Pigalle. Il se compose d'une grande pièce à vivre avec lit mezzanine, Il est également à deux pas du métro Marcadet Poissonniers
32619	A wonderful terrace overlooking a cute Parisian  garden. Warm in winter and fresh in summer, you will really feel like at home :) Always proper, kitchen at your disposal, WiFi, basic products... What else do you need?	35 m2 appartment - 25 m2 bedroom with 1,50 m x 2,10 m bed for a couple/single. Bathroom, kitchen & terrace. Towels and blankets included. Very closed to metro lines 4 and 12 (2 minutes by a walk). Possibility to add breakfast. Clean, practical, cute. A wonderful terrace overlooking a cute Parisian  garden. Warm in winter and fresh in summer, you will really feel like at home :) Always proper, kitchen at your disposal, WiFi, basic products... What else do you need? My whole appartment. Even if I am on a trip, my Philippin butler can come and help you! I am for free but he is 12 € per hour ;) #artists #actors #comedians #barmen #dancers #crazypeople #magicians #fairies THIS IS MONTMARTRE A supermarket just down and a lot of bars and restaurants around! Cheaper than those for tourists ;p And more Frenchy! Metro Line 12 crosses Paris from North to South by the central Concorde and Madeleine squares. Second street on the left, Lamarck-Caulaincourt station. Metro Line 4 crosses Paris from No
32620	This place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this charming Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Deck - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Knife Set - Iron and ironing board	This lovely 1 bedroom apartment is located in the heart of Paris and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay. This place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this charming Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Deck - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Knife Set - Iron and ironing board Our goal is to make sure you feel at home while you're staying with us so
32621		"Located few steps away from Moulin Rouge and Sacré-Cœur Basilica the flat is fully furnished, has a kitchen/living room with convertible sofa bed, a single bed room and a bathroom. Metro station and any shopping facilities at a stone's throw. Internet connection, Blue-ray reader The owner will go trhrough check-in and check-out process with the guests (keys, safety deposit, general info about the place and the neibourghood,...) One of the most lively and touristic area of the city, very well connected with public transportation,... Closes métro station is ""Blanche""  (line n.2) or ""Abbesses"" (line n.12)"
32622	Beautiful 2-room apartment, located at Montmartre, with an overlooking view to the south of Paris: La Tour Eiffel, Le Grand Palais and le charme of the various roofs of Paris. Just renewed by an interior designer, it has a mix of modern touch within its 19th century traditional style. Every decoration element has been hand-picked by me. The apt has 1 master suite with a queen bed and an italian aquarium shower. Clean linen and towels are also available. The fully-equiped kitchen is at your disposal: cooking-top, oven, microwave, fridge/refrigerator, french-press, and every kitchen ustensil so you can feel at home. The counter hosts comfortably 4 guests, even though I strongly recommend the balcony with its outdoor bistrot table to enjoy the extraordinary view. In the living room, a comfortable sofa-bed may welcome your kids or 2 other friends. The apt is also equiped with ultra-high-speed wifi internet (optical fiber), cable tv with more than 200 channels and a landline phone with free	2-room apt, in the heart of Montmartre, the most typical quartier of Paris, with its endless entertainment options. Just renewed by an interior designer. Sleeps 4 Enjoy an unforgettable romantic moment on the outdoor balcony with its magnificent view to the entire body of the Eiffel Tower Beautiful 2-room apartment, located at Montmartre, with an overlooking view to the south of Paris: La Tour Eiffel, Le Grand Palais and le charme of the various roofs of Paris. Just renewed by an interior designer, it has a mix of modern touch within its 19th century traditional style. Every decoration element has been hand-picked by me. The apt has 1 master suite with a queen bed and an italian aquarium shower. Clean linen and towels are also available. The fully-equiped kitchen is at your disposal: cooking-top, oven, microwave, fridge/refrigerator, french-press, and every kitchen ustensil so you can feel at home. The counter hosts comfortably 4 guests, even though I strongly recommend the balcony wit
32623	"Dans cet appartement tout confort, à la décoration sobre et aux meubles et accessoires de qualité (lampes imitation ""Tiffany"", canapé-lit Roche-Bobois, table Steiner, commode Louis XV, literie et linge de maison Descamps...), vous séjournerez dans un quartier animé (bars, cafés, restaurants) tout en jouissant du calme de sa situation privilégiée et de la vue sur une cour arborée, plantée d'arbres centenaires, vestiges du maquis montmartrois.   Il est entièrement équipé (machine à café expresso, presse-agrumes, téléviseur à écran plat, Wifi, ordinateur, machine à laver le linge, sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques à induction, hotte, frigidaire, congélateur, placard, salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne). L'électroménager est neuf. Le linge de maison (serviette, draps...) est fourni ainsi que les condiments de base (huile d'olive, moutarde, vinaigre, sel, poivre, épices)."	"APPARTEMENT (45m2) DE STANDING (parquet, moulures), TRES CALME, situé au 4ème étage d'un bel immeuble parisien haussmannien situé à MONTMARTRE, dans la même rue que le Sacré-Cœur, à 5 minutes à pied des vignes de la rue Saint-Vincent et du Lapin Agil Dans cet appartement tout confort, à la décoration sobre et aux meubles et accessoires de qualité (lampes imitation ""Tiffany"", canapé-lit Roche-Bobois, table Steiner, commode Louis XV, literie et linge de maison Descamps...), vous séjournerez dans un quartier animé (bars, cafés, restaurants) tout en jouissant du calme de sa situation privilégiée et de la vue sur une cour arborée, plantée d'arbres centenaires, vestiges du maquis montmartrois.   Il est entièrement équipé (machine à café expresso, presse-agrumes, téléviseur à écran plat, Wifi, ordinateur, machine à laver le linge, sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques à induction, hotte, frigidaire, congélateur, placard, salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne). L'électroménager est neuf. "
32624		Modern and cosy 70 square meter with terrace! very bright, beautiful view on Paris'roof... 2 bedrooms, double size beds. One single bed in the living room. fitted kitchen with dish-washer and washing machine, bathroom, wc. 2 flat tv screens. 
32625	Open plan kitchen with all furnitures (hotplates, oven, micro wave oven, fridge, washing machine...). Double bed + 1 single mattress. Internet wifi. 	"Two rooms flat, warm and pretty. Third floor in a peaceful building, next Montmartre (15 minutes by walk). Well located, well served by public transport (métro, RER, bus).  Lively area. Open plan kitchen with all furnitures (hotplates, oven, micro wave oven, fridge, washing machine...). Double bed + 1 single mattress. Internet wifi. The charming St Bernard'Church place with its typical cafés ""Le Mistral""). The place Olive's Market and its cafés and restaurants. ""Chez Arsène/A la Ville de Macon"", an old bar rue Doudeauville for its unique (website hidden) Pierre Market, a big material store.  Metro (subway) : lines 2,4,5,12 (stations : La Chapelle, Gare du nord, Marx Dormoy, Chateau rouge) RER (train) : B, D"
32626	Le studio est surtout adapté pour un couple seul ou éventuellement avec des enfants. Je le déconseillerais pour 4 adultes, il ne serait pas très fonctionnel.	Rue des Abbesses, charmant studio 30 m², typiquement Montmartrois et idéalement placé. Très agréable à vivre. J’espère que vous vous y sentirez aussi bien que moi ! Le studio est surtout adapté pour un couple seul ou éventuellement avec des enfants. Je le déconseillerais pour 4 adultes, il ne serait pas très fonctionnel. L'appartement se situe au 4ème étage sur cour, il est donc très calme. Je serai joignable à tout moment de la journée. Je peux me déplacer en cas d'impératif. Au cœur de Montmartre et des Abbesses, un des plus beaux et agréables quartiers de Paris avec de très nombreux restaurants, cafés, bars et brasseries typiquement parisiens juste en bas de l'immeuble. De très nombreuses boutiques et magasins qui sont même ouverts le dimanche. Le Sacré-Cœur, la place du Tertre, les vignes de Montmartre, Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge sont à quelques minutes à pied. Les métros sont juste à côté : - Abbesses (ligne 12) / 2 minutes à pied - Pigalle ou blanche (ligne 2) / 5 minutes à pied - 
32627	The apartment consists of 44m2 perfectly distributed : - A large living room of 20 m2 with two windows - A fully equipped functional kitchen - A cozy bedroom without vis-a-vis - A bathroom with shower - Separate toilet There's a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room that can accommodate one adult or two children. Access to the building is secured by two digital codes and intercom.	"At the bottom of the Montmartre hill ( Sacré-Cœur, Moulin Rouge), close to the ""village"" of Abbesses and right in the heart of the trendy district of Pigalle. A charming, bright and calm appartment facing the metro station. The apartment consists of 44m2 perfectly distributed : - A large living room of 20 m2 with two windows - A fully equipped functional kitchen - A cozy bedroom without vis-a-vis - A bathroom with shower - Separate toilet There's a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room that can accommodate one adult or two children. Access to the building is secured by two digital codes and intercom. Travellers can access the wifi and all the facilities of the apartment (tv, stereo, etc.). Bed linen and towels are provided The neighborhood his mixing several aspects, qualities and interests: - The mythical and romantic Paris (Montmartre, the Sacré-Coeur, the Moulin Rouge, café of Amélie Poulain, etc.) - The typical place of Abbesses with its village atmosphere rig"
32628	Welcome to our place ! We welcome you and let you to enjoy our apartment Paris like true Parisians! The apartment is spacious, bright and well equipped for a weekend or longer stay (dishwasher, washing machine, microwave). 1 bedroom + 1 super comfy sofa and easy to convert in a large bed for 2. Located on the 5th floor with a secure access and the bearing is private. For sunny days a large 20m2 terrace awaits you for a drink. Enjoy the lights of the city and the view of the Sacré-Coeur  The Neighborhood Close to Montmartre, about 10 minutes walk. Neighborhood where you will find everything you need: supermarket, market, pharmacy, post office ... Restaurant and bar ... The area...  Sacre Coeur on foot or by bus Between 10 and 20 minutes maximum in metro: The flea market, the Canal Saint Martin, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, Notre Dame de Paris, Saint Germain ... Metro:  less than 5 minutes by foot : Line 4, Line 12 Line 2 Bus: 60 at the foot of the building that takes you to the Parc des B	A very bright place to sta Welcome to our place ! We welcome you and let you to enjoy our apartment Paris like true Parisians! The apartment is spacious, bright and well equipped for a weekend or longer stay (dishwasher, washing machine, microwave). 1 bedroom + 1 super comfy sofa and easy to convert in a large bed for 2. Located on the 5th floor with a secure access and the bearing is private. For sunny days a large 20m2 terrace awaits you for a drink. Enjoy the lights of the city and the view of the Sacré-Coeur  The Neighborhood Close to Montmartre, about 10 minutes walk. Neighborhood where you will find everything you need: supermarket, market, pharmacy, post office ... Restaurant and bar ... The area...  Sacre Coeur on foot or by bus Between 10 and 20 minutes maximum in metro: The flea market, the Canal Saint Martin, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, Notre Dame de Paris, Saint Germain ... Metro:  less than 5 minutes by foot : Line 4, Line 12 Line 2 Bus: 60 at the foot of the building that 
32629	A cosy and homey lounge	Hello, want to stay in an friendly place, not too small & quiet? Nice & cosy flat, on the 6th floor with lift. One bedroom, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Ideal for couples!Plenty of shops around, 2 min walk to the Metro Fourche A cosy and homey lounge Access to the whole flat, make yourself at home I welcome them, explain them what to see around:), places to go, where to go food shopping and entertaining places
32630	Enter the charms of Montmartre, for a true Parisian experience.  Beautiful and very quiet two rooms apartment with one bedroom Located on a private lane on the hill of montmartre Sleeps: up to 3 people (1 double bed 140x200 + 1 sofa bed 130x190)  Floor: 1st floor (european : 1 flight of stairs) Bathroom with shower.  Subway: Abbesses (L12), Anvers / Pigalle ( L2/L12)  Surface area: 40 m2  Secured building with digital code  Property equipped: TV, towels, linens, etc..  fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, washing machin, oven), hair dryer, iron. WIFI available Sleeping: - A double bed in the bedroom: 140 cm x 200 cm A sofa bed in the living room, 130x190, foam matress .  Window shutters available in the bedroom and living room A few steps away from the Sacre Coeur and Moulin Rouge. Montmartre. Abbesses quarter : discover the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflowed with cafes, restaurants, theatres and several open markets.  ++ 2 of the	FALL 2015 There will be construction work on my building starting octobre 1st till december 23rd. Working from monday to friday 8:30pm to 5pm. NEW DISCOUNTED PRICES and 5 days booking minimum. Thank you for your understanding Enter the charms of Montmartre, for a true Parisian experience.  Beautiful and very quiet two rooms apartment with one bedroom Located on a private lane on the hill of montmartre Sleeps: up to 3 people (1 double bed 140x200 + 1 sofa bed 130x190)  Floor: 1st floor (european : 1 flight of stairs) Bathroom with shower.  Subway: Abbesses (L12), Anvers / Pigalle ( L2/L12)  Surface area: 40 m2  Secured building with digital code  Property equipped: TV, towels, linens, etc..  fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, washing machin, oven), hair dryer, iron. WIFI available Sleeping: - A double bed in the bedroom: 140 cm x 200 cm A sofa bed in the living room, 130x190, foam matress .  Window shutters available in the bedroom and living room A few steps away from the S
32631	The appartement is 55 m² with two bedrooms, one living room with balcony, one kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated. The flat is decorated with mouldings and three fireplaces. WIFI. It’s near rue du Poteau/Rue Championnet. 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. 	On the second floor, there are two bedrooms, one living room with balcony, one kitchen, toilet and one bathroom.  This quarter is quiet and near Montmartre. We can walk and see le jardin des ruisseaux, many shops, restaurants and bars.  The appartement is 55 m² with two bedrooms, one living room with balcony, one kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated. The flat is decorated with mouldings and three fireplaces. WIFI. It’s near rue du Poteau/Rue Championnet. 10 minutes walk from Montmartre. Travellers can have acces all of the appartement and use all of facilities. We could not attend in Paris during  your holiday. However you can contact us by mail or phone at any time for questions about the flat or other advices (toursim). Begfore your arrival at Paris, we can give some details about the aera and the places to visit in Paris. One of our friends leaves near the flat and can be free if there is a problem.
32632	Wifi connection, TV, kitchen facilities, washing machine, frigde  Near metro Max Dormoy or Chateau Rouge, close to buses	Wifi connection, TV, kitchen facilities, washing machine, frigde  Near metro Max Dormoy or Chateau Rouge, close to buses Bus : (phone number hidden) Metro Max Dormoy or Chateau Rouge
32633	You will have the free access to enjoy the courtyard and have a drink or eat your breakfast.	A very typical and charming Montmartre's flat with 2 rooms 45m, wooden floor, moulding and a fireplace that you can use. A living room with a little garden,an open kitchen all equiped,a bathing room and a bedroom.  in a trendy area. Sheets, towels and wifi included. You will have the free access to enjoy the courtyard and have a drink or eat your breakfast. 3 minutes from the subway, buses, velib or even the autolib.
32634		Triplex de 70m2 refait à neuf proche Pigalle et Montmartre, idéal pour un we, chambre pour 2 et possibilité 2 couchages supplémentaires TV et WIFI, cuisine équipée Transports et commerces au pied de l'immeuble Beaucoup de charme
32635	Bedroom with real bed 140cm x 200cm fully equipped with exit on the northern balcony.  Bathroom with bath, washing machine, and hair-dryer.  Kitchen is equipped with fridge and freezer in it. Stove, oven, microwave, toaster, electric water boiler, electric fruit squeeze, dish washer.  Living room has sofa bed and digital piano with exit on the sunny balcony with beautiful view on Sacre Coeur. In addition it is very calm. 	47 square meters two-room-apartment in XVIII district with two balconies with a magnificent view on Sacre Coeur. Metro Porte de Clignancourt line 4 and bus number 56 just in front of the main entrance. Bedroom with real bed 140cm x 200cm fully equipped with exit on the northern balcony.  Bathroom with bath, washing machine, and hair-dryer.  Kitchen is equipped with fridge and freezer in it. Stove, oven, microwave, toaster, electric water boiler, electric fruit squeeze, dish washer.  Living room has sofa bed and digital piano with exit on the sunny balcony with beautiful view on Sacre Coeur. In addition it is very calm. We live close and we can help you out if you need anything. All the tips to discover Paris the way we see it you can get it from us. First contact by email after we can keep in touch by phone. We live close and we can help you out if you need anything. All the tips to discover Paris the way we see it you can get it from us. First contact by email after we can keep in tou
32636	C'est un appartement de 60 m2, avec deux chambres, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, une petite cuisine ouverte, et un double séjour. Il est situé dans le quartier de Montmartre, juste derrière le Marché St Pierre.  	Appartement moderne de 60m2 situé à deux rues du Sacré-Coeur qui offre toutes les commodités nécessaires pour se déplacer dans Paris. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes dans une chambre individuelle. C'est un appartement de 60 m2, avec deux chambres, une salle de bain avec baignoire, toilettes séparées, une petite cuisine ouverte, et un double séjour. Il est situé dans le quartier de Montmartre, juste derrière le Marché St Pierre. Vous aurez accès aux parties communes évidemment, vous pourrez également profiter de la machine à laver et du sèche-linge. Nous disposons de Wi-Fi que vous pourrez bien entendu utiliser. Ma soeur et moi vivons toutes les deux dans cet appartement. Il est donc probable que nous soyons présentes lorsque vous viendrez séjourner ici. C'est un quartier que j'adore: plein de vie, multiculturel et populaire. Il est tout proche du Sacré-Coeur, passage obligé pour les touristes, ainsi que du village de Montmartre et ses rues pavées, avec sa fameuse place du Tertre. Nous n
32637	Entirely renovated, our sunny studio is perfect for 2 persons! It has a very large living room with a confortable queen-size sofa bed. You'll find all the facilities you need to fell like at home. There is a large TV if you prefer to stay in. Keep in touch with family and friends with high speed wireless internet! There is a separated fully equipped kitchen with stove, oven, all the tools, pots and pans, dishes, toaster, coffee maker, dishwasher, laundry machine and a large fridge. Shower room with washbasin, towels and hairdryer. A toilet room and a wardrobe... But most of all, you'll enjoy a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the Sacre Coeur!	Make unforgettable your stay in Paris with our beautiful and sunny studio in Montmartre! Placed at 10 minutes from the Sacre Coeur, in a typical XIX century building, our studio is fully equipped, served by 2 subway lines to get everywhere. Entirely renovated, our sunny studio is perfect for 2 persons! It has a very large living room with a confortable queen-size sofa bed. You'll find all the facilities you need to fell like at home. There is a large TV if you prefer to stay in. Keep in touch with family and friends with high speed wireless internet! There is a separated fully equipped kitchen with stove, oven, all the tools, pots and pans, dishes, toaster, coffee maker, dishwasher, laundry machine and a large fridge. Shower room with washbasin, towels and hairdryer. A toilet room and a wardrobe... But most of all, you'll enjoy a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the Sacre Coeur! The whole studio will be yours. You'll have nice and clean towels, soap, tooth paste, shampoo, co
32638	This lovely 35 m2 apartment (1 bedroom, 1living-room)  offers the charm of a Parisian apartment: hardwood floors, moldings and fireplaces 1900 will seduce you. Its cozy decor will welcome you pleasantly! Located 10 minutes walk from Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the famous Place du Tertre also Pigalle and many activities offered by the district, this quiet and bright apartment is perfect to visit Paris and go back to rest the evening. composing Separate kitchen, Living room - Dining room / 1 bedroom / bathroom / WC. Bedding: 1 double bed Interior facilities: Kitchen (2 hotplates, refrigerator / freezer, Italian coffee maker  , toaster) Internet WIFI broadband Miscellaneous (Vacuum, Iron, Sheets and towels included) Electric heating. building Date of construction: 1900 View of: courtyard of a side street on the other IMPORTANT The fireplaces are not used Fireplaces are not usable Near: Bus stop: 200 m (lines 95, 31, 60) Metro: 500m (line 12) 500m (line 13) Restaurant: 100 m Supermarket: 	This lovely 35 m2 apartment (1 bedroom, 1living-room)  offers the charm of a Parisian apartment: hardwood floors, moldings and fireplaces 1900 will seduce you. Its cozy decor will welcome you pleasantly! Located 10 minutes walk from Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, the famous Place du Tertre also Pigalle and many activities offered by the district, this quiet and bright apartment is perfect to visit Paris and go back to rest the evening. composing Separate kitchen, Living room - Dining room / 1 bedroom / bathroom / WC. Bedding: 1 double bed Interior facilities: Kitchen (2 hotplates, refrigerator / freezer, Italian coffee maker  , toaster) Internet WIFI broadband Miscellaneous (Vacuum, Iron, Sheets and towels included) Electric heating. building Date of construction: 1900 View of: courtyard of a side street on the other IMPORTANT The fireplaces are not used Fireplaces are not usable Near: Bus stop: 200 m (lines 95, 31, 60) Metro: 500m (line 12) 500m (line 13) Restaurant: 100 m Supermarket: 
32639	Two bedrooms + living room + kitchen appartement in Montmartre neighborhood 2 quartos + sala + cozinha 5min a pé de Montmartre 	Niché au pied de Montmartre, à trois pas du célèbre cinéma le Louxor, un appartement  qui charme, ouvert et ensoleillé.  Métros (4 et 2) et autobus au bas de la rue, donnent accès à tout Paris. Parfait pour circuler dans la ville ou la découvrir. Two bedrooms + living room + kitchen appartement in Montmartre neighborhood 2 quartos + sala + cozinha 5min a pé de Montmartre 2 min from metro . Close to montmartre and very famous cinema theater Luxor. Paris is yours 2 min do metro. Perto de uma prestigiosa sala de cinema I will be there when you arrive for little help if necessary, and when you leave.  Quartier dépaysant, populaire et vivant et sécurisé. Plein de charme et de coins cachés. Mérite d'être découvert. L'appartement est dans un petit immeuble tranquille avec une très jolie entrée qui donne sur une cour arborée. Voisinage agréable, plutôt composé de couples jeunes avec enfants ou d'étudiants. Tout le monde est gentil et serviable.  Facilité d'accès à tout Paris. Accès direct Notr
32640	"2 rooms appartment redone for nine You'll appreciate the kitchen with microwave, oven, vitro plate, washes dishes and also washing machine for your long stays, as well as the TV, internet equipments and phone. The appartment is accomodated for 4 people because there is a sofa bed in the living room. After walking around Paris the whole day, you'll relax under the ""rain"" of the Italian shower and then share a friendly evening around the bar (US kitchen)."	"1 minute from metro and bus 20mn from Gare St Lazare / Galeries Lafayette & Printemps Haussman / Opéra / Madeleine / Condorde Market hall in front on the apartment, opened from tuesday to sunday. 2 rooms appartment redone for nine You'll appreciate the kitchen with microwave, oven, vitro plate, washes dishes and also washing machine for your long stays, as well as the TV, internet equipments and phone. The appartment is accomodated for 4 people because there is a sofa bed in the living room. After walking around Paris the whole day, you'll relax under the ""rain"" of the Italian shower and then share a friendly evening around the bar (US kitchen). You have a cupboard for you clothes. I won't live in the apartment during you stay, but we'll meet, depending on you arrival and departure time. However, I'll be reachable by phone or email. If you don't want to cook, try the caterers of the ""Marché de l'Olive"" (Italian, Moroccan, Senegalese) just in front of my apartment, or the good restauran"
32641	Nice and cosy parisian Flat. L'appartement est composé d'une jolie chambre coté cour, un salon avec un balcon, une cuisine équipée ( micro-onde, four, machine Nespresso…), une salle de bain avec une douche à l'italienne. The apartment has a room facing a courtyard, cozy living room with a balcony, kitchen with microwave, fridge, oven, bathroom with a shower and a separated toilet.	Bel appartement de style parisien. Chambre très confortable et lumineuse avec un lit confortable, une salle de bains avec une douche spacieuse. Nice and cosy parisian Flat. L'appartement est composé d'une jolie chambre coté cour, un salon avec un balcon, une cuisine équipée ( micro-onde, four, machine Nespresso…), une salle de bain avec une douche à l'italienne. The apartment has a room facing a courtyard, cozy living room with a balcony, kitchen with microwave, fridge, oven, bathroom with a shower and a separated toilet. Seront aussi inclus : wifi, serviettes de toilette et draps. Bel appartement de style parisien.  L'appartement se trouve dans un quartier très vivant , à 5 mn du métro Lamarck caulaincourt ( ligne 12), les abbesses et Montmartre sont à 10 mn à pieds et des lignes de bus se trouvent en bas de l'appart (ligne 31 / 95 / 60 ) Nice Parisian furnished apartment close (5 mins) to the metro line Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 12°) and the picturesque area of Montmartre and Abesse
32642		3 pièces lumineux sous les toits dans immeuble haussmannien, plein de charme sur cour. Refait à neuf en 2014. 10mn à pied de Montmartre. 2 pas des métros 4&12. Marché sur boulevard. Idéal 4 personnes (lit double+canapé lit). 6° étage sans ascenseur.
32643	Appartement bien agencé et très calme, au premier étage, donnant sur cour. À l'entrée, une cuisine équipée notamment avec un four pour les petits plats et une machine à laver pour le côté pratique. Puis une chambre séparée avec un grand lit 2 places très confortable et enfin, une petite salle de bain, propre avec douche et toilettes. Rangements à disposition et de nombreuses plantes vertes, pour l'ambiance!	"23m2, calme (sur cour),  à deux pas de la ligne 4 (Simplon) et de la ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin) // Au pied de la Butte Montmartre pour des balades ""carte postale"" // Un grand marché 3 fois/semaine et une cuisine séparée pour petits plats estivaux! Appartement bien agencé et très calme, au premier étage, donnant sur cour. À l'entrée, une cuisine équipée notamment avec un four pour les petits plats et une machine à laver pour le côté pratique. Puis une chambre séparée avec un grand lit 2 places très confortable et enfin, une petite salle de bain, propre avec douche et toilettes. Rangements à disposition et de nombreuses plantes vertes, pour l'ambiance! L'appartement se situe dans un quartier animé et très sympa (terrasses de café, restos, marchés...) au pied de la Butte Montmartre! À deux pas du métro Simplon (ligne 4) et du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), ainsi que de nombreuses lignes de bus. À 2 minutes d'une station Vélib' pour les sportifs et d'un arrêt du Noctilien pour les noctambul"
32644	Its a very welcoming and roomy appartement in Paris very close from Montmartre! We have embellished it with objects brought from all the countries where we lived and travelled. From any place you are coming, you will feel at home. You will benefit from all the equipments: hair dryer, dish washer, washing/dryer machine, fan, oven, micro wave... and a well furnished kitchen! Number of beds : 1 double bed (140 x 190) in the bedroom  + 1 bed for baby (till 2 years / 2 and 1/2  years) if requested 1 sofa - bed for 2(140  x 190) in the living room	The flat, fully equiped, is very cosy and confortable . It can welcome until 4 people and is located close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. Very well served by public transport, its the perfect base to discover Paris! Its a very welcoming and roomy appartement in Paris very close from Montmartre! We have embellished it with objects brought from all the countries where we lived and travelled. From any place you are coming, you will feel at home. You will benefit from all the equipments: hair dryer, dish washer, washing/dryer machine, fan, oven, micro wave... and a well furnished kitchen! Number of beds : 1 double bed (140 x 190) in the bedroom  + 1 bed for baby (till 2 years / 2 and 1/2  years) if requested 1 sofa - bed for 2(140  x 190) in the living room We will answer all your questions and will be available by phone anytime. You will find at your arrival all you need to discover Paris (maps, guides, adress and good plan...) Very close to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur, in an endearing wor
32645	Charmant 2 pièces (37m2) entièrement équipé (micro ondes, four, plaques, lave linge, grille pain, fer à repasser, bouilloire, linge maison, TV, internet, WIFI...), très lumineux (6ème étage) et très calme (sur cour).  2 couchages : 1 lit double dans la chambre (matelas TEMPUR 160 x 200). Salle d'eau petite mais fonctionnelle - WC séparé.  Chambre agréable et spacieuse - grande pièce à vivre avec coin salon, coin salle à manger et kitchenette ouverte. Idéalement situé dans le nord de Paris, à 50 m du métro La Chapelle, ligne 2.  Accès au centre et aux monuments historiques: Montmartre (Sacré Cœur), le Canal de l'Ourq et la Villette sont à 15 min à pied.  Très pratique, la Gare du Nord est à 5 min à pied (pour ceux arrivant par Eurostar/Thalys ou RER de l'aéroport). A 5 minutes, le Marché de l'Olive, rénové récemment, ouvert tous les jours - de nombreux restaurants sont installés autour.  Le 104, le nouveau centre international d'art est à 10 min à pied ainsi que le Jardin d'Eole. Nombre	Appartement coquet très calme au sixième et dernier étage sur cour dans un quartier multiculturel à 20 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Proche du métro et de tous commerces, 7 minutes à pied du Marché de l'Olive, entouré de restaurants, bars et cafés. Charmant 2 pièces (37m2) entièrement équipé (micro ondes, four, plaques, lave linge, grille pain, fer à repasser, bouilloire, linge maison, TV, internet, WIFI...), très lumineux (6ème étage) et très calme (sur cour).  2 couchages : 1 lit double dans la chambre (matelas TEMPUR 160 x 200). Salle d'eau petite mais fonctionnelle - WC séparé.  Chambre agréable et spacieuse - grande pièce à vivre avec coin salon, coin salle à manger et kitchenette ouverte. Idéalement situé dans le nord de Paris, à 50 m du métro La Chapelle, ligne 2.  Accès au centre et aux monuments historiques: Montmartre (Sacré Cœur), le Canal de l'Ourq et la Villette sont à 15 min à pied.  Très pratique, la Gare du Nord est à 5 min à pied (pour ceux arrivant par Eurostar/Thalys
32646		Une grande piece a deux blox (regarder le photo) qui peut loger trois personnes.  18eme,metrò13 Guy Moquet  A partager avec le titulaire(siest pas en vacances)  Petit déjeneur offert  tout a disposition: Penderie, TV, Four, Fritteuse, Cuisine, ecc...
32647	Built as a house on 2 floors, each room has its own bathroom. Fully equipped.	"Beautiful and modern flat built as a house, cosy and confortable, in the  heart of the well-known Montmartre. Lively streets filled with typical cafés, terraces and little shops. The flat is calm and in retreat from the buzz. Built as a house on 2 floors, each room has its own bathroom. Fully equipped. Kitchen, dining room, living room, 2 bedrooms double bed, 2 bathrooms, 1 laundry room. I am available along your stay if you need any help. Lively area, full of cafés, restaurants and little shops. Close to all buses and Metro, the nearest stop ""Abesses"" is 5 minutes walk from the flat."
32648	A quite and luminous apartment with one bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen fully furnished (dishwasher, washing machine). Many windows all of which are on private backyards.	Nice one bedroom flat for up to 3 people in the XVIIIth. At walking distance of Montmartre and Les Puces de St Ouen, it is well connected (metro line 4, 12). The apartment is luminous and calm, with many windows all on backyards. A quite and luminous apartment with one bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen fully furnished (dishwasher, washing machine). Many windows all of which are on private backyards. The apartment is all yours. You are provided everything you need, dishes, wifi internet, some space for your clothes, a washing machine and a dishwasher, a TV, pillows for the bed and the matress. Don't forget to take your sheets. You will find our advises of the best of our neighborhood. The best cafés, brasseries or restaurants, and a shared garden for a sunbath in a quite natural area. At a walking distance of Montmartre, the neighborhood offers all the advantages of a big city (transportation, restaurants, etc) , within a human sized area. A shared garden at 5min walk offers y
32649	Studio de 15 m2, tout équipé Studio of 15 m2, fully equiped Au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur, escalier facile, juste un petit effort) 6th floor, (without elevator, stairs easy, just a little work out) WIFI par clé USB, (vous pouvez l'utiliser partout durant votre séjour WIFI by key USB (you can use out the studio, during your trip) 	"Bienvenue pour une escapade parisienne Welcome for a trip ""parisien"" Proche du Sacré-Coeur (20 mn à pied - 10 mn en bus) Near Sacré-Coeur (20mn by foot / 10mn by bus) Charmant Studio tout y est pour vous accueillir Lovely studio - Welcome Studio de 15 m2, tout équipé Studio of 15 m2, fully equiped Au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur, escalier facile, juste un petit effort) 6th floor, (without elevator, stairs easy, just a little work out) WIFI par clé USB, (vous pouvez l'utiliser partout durant votre séjour WIFI by key USB (you can use out the studio, during your trip) Lit canapé neuf / New bed Draps et Oreillers à votre disposition sheets and pillows available Côté kitchenette :  Essentiel de la cuisine / Kitchen wade  Salle de bain ; douche carrelée- lavabo - WC Bathroom : Shower and WC Serviettes à votre disposition towels available Planche à repasser et fer Table and iron A disposition plan de métro, plan de paris, livre de ballades de Paris For you map of subway and map of Paris Le quar"
32650	New , design Kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, dishing machine, nespresso, oven, toster, juicer,  Bathroom with wc, shower, washbasin, hairdrier, dry towel. Vacuum and iron 	Nice modern and secured flat near Montmartre and the St Ouen flea market.  Very popular and quiet suburb  New , design Kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, dishing machine, nespresso, oven, toster, juicer,  Bathroom with wc, shower, washbasin, hairdrier, dry towel. Vacuum and iron  All included: sheets and towels, nespresso capsule (short stay), heating  Popular and safe. A lot of shops and restaurants  By Suburb: Line 4 with direct access To Gare du Nord (connection To Charles de Gaulle Airport by RER B), Gare de l'Est, St Germain des Près, Gare Montparnasse  By car: Quick access to the loop and motorway To Charles de Gaulle Airport Very near St Ouen flea market and Montmartre  
32651	Le studio est très bien situé géographiquement, sa vue est charmante.	Au cœur du village Montmartre, ma chambre de 17m 2 vous offre un confort et un cadre très agréable pour votre séjour. Les commerces, cafés et restaurants sont au pied de mon immeuble. Une localisation géographique de rêve et une vue très agréable ! Le studio est très bien situé géographiquement, sa vue est charmante. Toutes les commodités sont à porter de mains. Oui à votre arrivée ! Montmartre est un quartier unique en son genre romantique et pittoresque. Un incontournable lors d'un séjour parisien. Métro Blanche ou Place de Clichy. De nombreux bus desservent le quartier.
32652		Situé dans le quartier Barbès-Rochechouart, ce studio de 16 m² aménagé pour 2 personnes, situé au 1er étage sans ascenseur est à proximité immédiate de Montmartre (10min à pied), Pigalle (10min à pied) et Gare du Nord/Eurostar (5min à pied). La salle de douche a été rénovée récemment en Août pour répondre aux commentaires.
32653	In the 3rd and last floor of a small co-ownership, in the African district, the apartment contains 2 rooms. Very quiet and fitted out well, there are 3 windows for 25m2, so it's stil bright even when it makes grey!!  Not far from Montmartre district and from the lively area of Barbès. The apartment is accessible by subways line 2, 4 and 12. So it's not a problem to go to the center in 15 minutes. All around there are all you need. A bakery, a supermarket... Down the apartment there is a very good African restaurant and if you want to eat in a local parisian place you just have to walk 10 minutes : there are many good place down Montmartre.  Amateur of blues and jazz could listen to my collection of vinyl. 	In the 3rd and last floor of a small co-ownership, in the African district, the apartment contains 2 rooms. Very quiet and fitted out well, there are 3 windows for 25m2, so it's stil bright even when it makes grey!!  Not far from Montmartre district and from the lively area of Barbès. The apartment is accessible by subways line 2, 4 and 12. So it's not a problem to go to the center in 15 minutes. All around there are all you need. A bakery, a supermarket... Down the apartment there is a very good African restaurant and if you want to eat in a local parisian place you just have to walk 10 minutes : there are many good place down Montmartre.  Amateur of blues and jazz could listen to my collection of vinyl. 
32654	Chambre indépendante et silencieuse dans un très confortable appartement, spacieux et lumineux (deux pièces, grand salon, cuisine séparée), poutres apparentes et beaucoup de charme, aux pieds du Sacré-Coeur et de la place des Abbesses. Belle cour intérieure, idéale pour profiter du beau temps et vue sur la basilique de Montmartre.	Very nice, bright and quiet double room in large and cosy apartment, fully equipped, with a lovely inner courtyard and view on Sacré-Coeur. The apartment is in a magic neighborhood, with a lot of attractions, well-served by bus, vélib and metro.  Chambre indépendante et silencieuse dans un très confortable appartement, spacieux et lumineux (deux pièces, grand salon, cuisine séparée), poutres apparentes et beaucoup de charme, aux pieds du Sacré-Coeur et de la place des Abbesses. Belle cour intérieure, idéale pour profiter du beau temps et vue sur la basilique de Montmartre. Les espaces communs (salon, cuisine) et les équipements sont partagés   Appartement typiquement montmartrois, au calme, au cœur d'un quartier vivant et magique, proche de tous commerces et d'un choix des plus variés de restaurants, bars, caves à vin...à côté d'un délicieux marché de produits du terroir (vendredi après-midi) ! Très bien desservi niveau transport : Métro :  ligne 2 (Anvers), mais également ligne 4 (Bar
32655	This magnificent 1 bedroom apartment, 40 m2, is located on the third floor in a building dating from the early 20th century and is just a few steps away from the Sacré Cœur in Monmartre.  Very bright and with an open view, the apartment gives onto a small shady square and faces the famous stairs so typical of the Montmartre area. It is surrounded by cafés and French restaurants and there is an excellent couscous restaurant at the foot of the building.  A super-market, boulangerie and many other shops are nearby.  Visit the Sacré Cœur and the Place du Tertre, with their panoramic view of Paris, as well as the famous Montmartre funicular, all just a few minutes away.  Several different metro and bus lines are close by, giving you easy access to all of Paris: Anvers (ligne 2), Abbesses (ligne 12), Château-Rouge (ligne 4). Enjoy an evening of music at the “Soleil de la Butte” with its retro music that is transformed into a nightclub on Saturdays, or at the “Blue Note” with its jazzy Brazil	This magnificent 1 bedroom apartment, 40 m2, is located on the third floor in a building dating from the early 20th century and is just a few steps away from the Sacré Cœur in Monmartre.  Very bright and with an open view, the apartment gives onto a small shady square and faces the famous stairs so typical of the Montmartre area. It is surrounded by cafés and French restaurants and there is an excellent couscous restaurant at the foot of the building.  A super-market, boulangerie and many other shops are nearby.  Visit the Sacré Cœur and the Place du Tertre, with their panoramic view of Paris, as well as the famous Montmartre funicular, all just a few minutes away.  Several different metro and bus lines are close by, giving you easy access to all of Paris: Anvers (ligne 2), Abbesses (ligne 12), Château-Rouge (ligne 4). Enjoy an evening of music at the “Soleil de la Butte” with its retro music that is transformed into a nightclub on Saturdays, or at the “Blue Note” with its jazzy Brazil
32656	In my studio you'll feel right at home! It is located in the charming Montmartre quarter, close to the locals cafés and shopping at Abbesses square and metro station. On the fourth floor, it has amazing views of Sacré Coeur and the rooftops of Paris on the other side.  It is very calm without pass by traffic and looking out on an dead end street with an open air view on the Sacré Cœur of course. Lately the buildings staircase was entirely renovated.  You will have the studio for yourself when renting it. I've made sure it is equipped with everything you need for your stay (and cookin too) and I have a hotel service providing crisp clean white sheets and towels and cleaning between each guest. My studio has a italian tiled shower with toilet, a bed with a new Simmons mattress, a kitchen corner with micro wave, cooking plates and a fridge. Wifi internet and digital flat screen TV is installed.  I warmly recommend my studio for anyone that seek an authentic Parisian experience; a couple o	My studio is furnished like a home, a charming mix of vintage and new with hotel service for crisp sheets  It has amazing views of Sacré Coeur and the rooftops of Paris on the other side, at he heart of the charming Montmartre quarter, in very calm dead-end street. In my studio you'll feel right at home! It is located in the charming Montmartre quarter, close to the locals cafés and shopping at Abbesses square and metro station. On the fourth floor, it has amazing views of Sacré Coeur and the rooftops of Paris on the other side.  It is very calm without pass by traffic and looking out on an dead end street with an open air view on the Sacré Cœur of course. Lately the buildings staircase was entirely renovated.  You will have the studio for yourself when renting it. I've made sure it is equipped with everything you need for your stay (and cookin too) and I have a hotel service providing crisp clean white sheets and towels and cleaning between each guest. My studio has a italian tiled sh
32657	Spacious and bright artist’s studio, a five-minute walk from Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre, cabinet of wonders with panoramic view over the rooftops, wide rising sun, very uncommon spot, calm and romantic ivory tower, like on a waveless deck, large bathtub, fitted kitchen, washing machine, high speed WIFI, wooden floor, antics and old furnitures, house plants, mirrors and masks, a fancy collection of hats, queen-size confortable bed, secure building isolated from the lively street and nearby cafés.  Get off the beaten track. Discover an unique horizon over Paris. Share an artist’ life style in Montmartre. Do not live in here like you were renting an anonymous hotel room. Close from metro Château Rouge (line 4) and Anvers (line 2) 	Spacious and bright artist’s studio, a five-minute walk from Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre, cabinet of wonders with panoramic view over the rooftops, wide rising sun, very uncommon spot, calm and romantic ivory tower, like on a waveless deck, large batht Spacious and bright artist’s studio, a five-minute walk from Sacré-Coeur in Montmartre, cabinet of wonders with panoramic view over the rooftops, wide rising sun, very uncommon spot, calm and romantic ivory tower, like on a waveless deck, large bathtub, fitted kitchen, washing machine, high speed WIFI, wooden floor, antics and old furnitures, house plants, mirrors and masks, a fancy collection of hats, queen-size confortable bed, secure building isolated from the lively street and nearby cafés.  Get off the beaten track. Discover an unique horizon over Paris. Share an artist’ life style in Montmartre. Do not live in here like you were renting an anonymous hotel room. Close from metro Château Rouge (line 4) and Anvers (line 2) A customized 
32658	Situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, c'est un appartement calme et lumineux, idéal pour une personne ou 2.	Appartement très calme, 2 pièces en cour intérieure, à côté du métro Abbesses et 5 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur. 30m2 dans le plus beau quartier de Paris, tout équipé, cuisine, télé, internet et enceintes ! Situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, c'est un appartement calme et lumineux, idéal pour une personne ou 2. Les voyageurs peuvent utiliser tous les équipements à l'exception de l'ordinateur et la seule interdiction est de fumer dans la chambre. Uniquement la pour l'arrivée et le départ. La vie de quartier unique, l'ambiance atypique du 18e et tous les petits commerces de proximité. La beauté de l'arrondissement et le Sacré Coeur à côté Métro 12 (Abbesses) ou Métro 2 (Blanche). Depuis l'aéroport : RER jusqu'à Gare du Nord, puis ligne 2 jusqu'à Blanche. Pas de garage, possibilité de garer scooter devant. Préférence pour la location sur l'entière période, possibilité de se servir en nourriture et produits ménagers / douche si remplacés.
32659	Studio, 27 square meters, with much light and quiet.  Accomodates 2 persons. 6th floor with a lift, overlooking the courtyard.  Good Bultex bedding, small open plan kitchen, bathroom with a bathtub. Large window throwing light all day long and until evening. A calm building, with a concierge. A 15-minute walk from Montmartre, in a lively district.  And a 10-minutes walk from Bassin de la Villette and Canal  Saint Martin (MK2 cinemas, nice cafés). All shops for food directly on the street, and world food restaurants at a walking distance (Indian, Thai, Vietnamese, Mediterranean, African).  Situated between two metro stations (Line 2 and Line 12) allowing to quickly move around everywhere in Paris.  City bike station 50 meters away. A pleasant place at the heart of the old popular Paris. 	Studio, 27 square meters, with much light and quiet.  Accomodates 2 persons. 6th floor with a lift, overlooking the courtyard.  Good Bultex bedding, small open plan kitchen, bathroom with a bathtub. Large window throwing light all day long and until evening. A calm building, with a concierge. A 15-minute walk from Montmartre, in a lively district.  And a 10-minutes walk from Bassin de la Villette and Canal  Saint Martin (MK2 cinemas, nice cafés). All shops for food directly on the street, and world food restaurants at a walking distance (Indian, Thai, Vietnamese, Mediterranean, African).  Situated between two metro stations (Line 2 and Line 12) allowing to quickly move around everywhere in Paris.  City bike station 50 meters away. A pleasant place at the heart of the old popular Paris. Lively atmosphere, at the crossroads between Indian, African, and Asian cultures.  Ideally located to get everywhere in Paris in no time. The Quartier de l'Olive, with a great market and cafés. The Bassi
32660	Modern and charming studio in the butte Montmartre, a perfect place to discover Paris. 490€ per week. Renovated in 2012, studio-one bedroom for 2, one bathroom, fully-fitted kitchen. First floor and digit code. Facilities: Washer, electric cooker, Plaque de cuisson, Micro-wave, refrigerator,TV, heating, flatiron, blow-dryer, Hoover, Nespresso machine. WIFI, towels and linens included. What makes our apartment so special? Right in the middle of Montmartre, Rue Lecuyer (Place Jean Gabin) is two-minute away from the Basilique du Sacré Coeur and from Place du Tertre, famous for its painters and artists. Located in one of the most dynamic neighbourhood of Paris, full of restaurants (Lapin Agile, La crémaillère, Cabaret Jazz, the well-known Le Moulin Rouge, Chez Michou...) wine bars, galleries, cabarets and daily-useful stores, the apartment is quiet and sunny. The perfect place for a couple or just a lovely way to feel the real spirit of Paris! We are available for you, so feel free to ask 	Our studio is located in the very heart of Montmartre, one of the most famous and pleasant neighborhood or Paris. Our studio is modern, freshly renovated and refurbished in 2012. It's well-suited for a couple and a child, or three friends, indeed.    Modern and charming studio in the butte Montmartre, a perfect place to discover Paris. 490€ per week. Renovated in 2012, studio-one bedroom for 2, one bathroom, fully-fitted kitchen. First floor and digit code. Facilities: Washer, electric cooker, Plaque de cuisson, Micro-wave, refrigerator,TV, heating, flatiron, blow-dryer, Hoover, Nespresso machine. WIFI, towels and linens included. What makes our apartment so special? Right in the middle of Montmartre, Rue Lecuyer (Place Jean Gabin) is two-minute away from the Basilique du Sacré Coeur and from Place du Tertre, famous for its painters and artists. Located in one of the most dynamic neighbourhood of Paris, full of restaurants (Lapin Agile, La crémaillère, Cabaret Jazz, the well-known Le M
32661		Deux pièces lumineux refais quasiment à neuf accueillant 3p. grâce a sa chambre séparée et a son canapé lit dépliable dans le salon. Profitez de sa cuisine neuve et équipée, ainsi que de sa proximité avec le métro et ses commerces. A 20 de Châtelet.
32662		Très joli appartement deux pièces, 35m2, avec balcon, vue sur le Sacré Cœur
32663	Dans le salon nous avons fait un coin chambre pour plus d'intimité. L'espace est donc séparé en 3 avec une cuisine, un coin chambre et un salon avec canapé, fauteuils et table basse.	Joli 2 piéces de 42m2 accueillant au Nord de Paris, pour 4 personnes max.  A 25 min à pied de Montmartre, 10 min des puces de Saint Ouen, 15 min en tram du parc de la Villette. Cuisine équipée, terrasse avec vue sur Montmartre et SdB avec baignoire Dans le salon nous avons fait un coin chambre pour plus d'intimité. L'espace est donc séparé en 3 avec une cuisine, un coin chambre et un salon avec canapé, fauteuils et table basse. Il faut passer par la chambre pour accéder à la salle de bain et aux toilettes. Vous pouvez utiliser un place de Parking sous demande. Si vous avez des questions, nous pourrons vous répondre par mail dans la journée. Pas de téléphone... Quartier vivant, très légèrement excentré mais c se qui le rend calme. A 5 min à pied de porte de clignancourt et porte de la chapelle.  a 20 min à pied du sacré coeur Place de parking sécurisé en sous sol, a réserver avant votre arrivée. Demandez nous si vous êtes intéressés. Metro ligne 12 et 4 à 10 min à pied. Des bus et vélib
32664	In the typical neighborhood of Montmartre, you could stay on night or more in a typical Haussmanian flat built in 1911 (parquet, trims on the ceiling, chimney, balcony) in an independant room with all the confort necessary (you can use all the rooms, except the bedroom where i stay of course). You will be given a key for your autonomy. The bedroom has a convertible double-bed of high quality, a table with two chairs, an internet Wi-Fi connection. There is a curtain on the door of separation of the room. A small bed can also be put in the room. The flat has also a bathroom (shower, bath), and an equipied kitchen with an oven, a washing-heater machine, an espresso machine. A continental breakfast will be proposed to you in the morning.  The flat is luminous and there's a view on a garden from the kitchen. The building has a lift. The closest metro station station is at 150 meters from the flat (station Simplon, ligne 4). From this ligne, you can cross Paris from the north to the south an	In the typical neighborhood of Montmartre, you could stay on night or more in a typical Haussmanian flat built in 1911 (parquet, trims on the ceiling, chimney, balcony) in an independant room with all the confort necessary (you can use all the rooms, except the bedroom where i stay of course). You will be given a key for your autonomy. The bedroom has a convertible double-bed of high quality, a table with two chairs, an internet Wi-Fi connection. There is a curtain on the door of separation of the room. A small bed can also be put in the room. The flat has also a bathroom (shower, bath), and an equipied kitchen with an oven, a washing-heater machine, an espresso machine. A continental breakfast will be proposed to you in the morning.  The flat is luminous and there's a view on a garden from the kitchen. The building has a lift. The closest metro station station is at 150 meters from the flat (station Simplon, ligne 4). From this ligne, you can cross Paris from the north to the south an
32665		Ce 2 pièces aux briques apparentes est accueillant et typique ! Il peut accueillir 4 personnes, et donne sur une cour calme, à deux blocs du Montmartre. Profitez de sa cuisine avec bar, de ses commerces et de sa proximité avec le métro.
32666	"A large balcony runs the length of the apartments 1st floor (the buildings second floor) means you can soak up the ambiance of Montmartre-one of the most original neighbourhoods of Paris. Enjoy your morning coffee and croissant from one of the many fabulous local boulangeries as you watch the passersby shopping at the various market vendors on rue Lepic or watch the sunset as you enjoy your glass of wine.  The apartment combines both modern comfort and a classic French style. On the first floor  there are two bedrooms-the master bedroom and a child's room.  The master bedroom contains a queen-size bed, a large screen TV and a spacious walk-in closet. We have a extra single bed or ""fold out bed"" in this bedroom. The second bedroom on 1st floor is a charming child's room with a custom-built fortified castle-like bed fit for any little prince or princess. The bedroom also has a large folding ""fold-out"" bed that transforms into an additional single bed for another child or even an adult.  "	The Grand Lepic apartment which suits 8 adults and up to 10 people if including children is situated in a classical Hausmannian residence which dates back to 1892. The building was once the residence of the dancers and performers of the world famous Moulin Rouge-which is located just down the street at Place Blanche.  This grand duplex, situated on the 2nd and 3rd floor, measures a stunning 160m2 (1722 ft2). It has 4 bedrooms, 3 spacious full bath & shower rooms and one separate WC. 4 separate A large balcony runs the length of the apartments 1st floor (the buildings second floor) means you can soak up the ambiance of Montmartre-one of the most original neighbourhoods of Paris. Enjoy your morning coffee and croissant from one of the many fabulous local boulangeries as you watch the passersby shopping at the various market vendors on rue Lepic or watch the sunset as you enjoy your glass of wine.  The apartment combines both modern comfort and a classic French style. On the first floor  
32667	Appartement familial de 80m2 en duplex à louer uniquement pendant les périodes de vacances scolaires et l'été, situé à Paris dans le 18ème arrondissement.  Grand séjour de 40m2, calme, très lumineux, balcon filant avec vue sur le Sacré-Cœur.  Métro Barbès/La Chapelle, proche gare du Nord, 15 mn à pied de Montmartre. 1 couchage double et 2 couchages simples. Tout confort: internet, cuisine équipée avec micro-onde, machine Nespresso. Baignoire. 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Accessible par les lignes de métro 2, 4 et 12. Tous commerces à proximité, quartier vivant et cosmopolite.	Appartement familial de 80m2 en duplex à louer uniquement pendant les périodes de vacances scolaires et l'été, situé à Paris dans le 18ème arrondissement.  Grand séjour de 40m2, calme, très lumineux, balcon filant avec vue sur le Sacré-Cœur.  Métro Barbès/La Chapelle, proche gare du Nord, 15 mn à pied de Montmartre. 1 couchage double et 2 couchages simples. Tout confort: internet, cuisine équipée avec micro-onde, machine Nespresso. Baignoire. 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Accessible par les lignes de métro 2, 4 et 12. Tous commerces à proximité, quartier vivant et cosmopolite. Tous transports utiles à proximité: métro, bus, taxi, train, parking.
32668	Tour équipé, agréable et intime . Nous louons moins cher car nous laissons nos affaires personnelles , traces éparses de nos petites vies parisiennes dans 36 M carré ;) nous demandons le plus grand respect à nos locataires venant profiter de Paris dans notre petit nid ...	Joli appartement , lumineux et traversant , dans le 18 eme arrondissement de Paris . Proche tous commerces  avec la charmante rue du poteau et a 15 min a pied de Montmartre . Tout équipé, 2 pièces , salon, chambre , sdb avec baignoire et kitchenette. Ordinateur avec wifi ,  Équipement cuisine : four, micro ondes, plaques électriques. Tour équipé, agréable et intime . Nous louons moins cher car nous laissons nos affaires personnelles , traces éparses de nos petites vies parisiennes dans 36 M carré ;) nous demandons le plus grand respect à nos locataires venant profiter de Paris dans notre petit nid ... Metro Jules Joffrin ligne 12 Metro Porte de Clignancourt , ligne 4 Bus : (phone number hidden) Vous profiterez du plaisir d'un appartement au cœur du 18 eme arrondissement si poétique . La reçyclerie juste à côté vous donnera l'occasion de grignoter des tapas et boire un verre dans les jardins des voies ferrés . Le soir, vous pourrez profiter de la vie de Montmartre de nuit en une promena
32669		Très charmant deux pièces, lumineux, agréable, plein coeur de Paris, à 5 min du sacrè-coeur et toutes commodités. 
32670		Un ancien atelier transformé en maison au fond d'une cour sur 3 niveaux au cœur d'un quartier typiquement parisien. À 15 minutes à pieds du Sacré-cœur. Deux lignes de métro qui vous mène en 1/4 d'heure au centre de Paris. 
32671		Charmant petit deux pièces à deux pas de la butte Montmartre. Calme, sur cour, ensoleillé, c'est le parfait endroit pour profiter d'un séjour inoubliable dans la plus belle ville du monde...  Proche métro et tous commerces. 15 min à pieds du Sacré Coeur. Depuis Roissy CDG ( 38 min): RER B jusqu'à la station Gare du Nord où vous empruntez la ligne 4 pour rejoindre la station Marcadet-Poissonier (sortie rue Labat). Depuis Orly (59 min): Orly Bus depuis l'aéroport jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau puis métro ligne 4 jusqu'à Marcadet-Poissonier (sortie rue Labat). Depuis N'importe quelle gare: Ligne 4 ou 12 Arrêt: Marcadet-Poissonier
32672	l'appartement comprend - une entrée - une salle avec un canapé clic clac (neuf), un bureau, des rangements, une penderie et équipé d'une télévision-lecteur DVD et wifi (livebox) - une petite cuisine avec fenêtre équipée d'un frigidaire, d'un four micro-ondes et de plaques de cuisson (gaz) - une petite salle de bain avec douche, wc et lavabo Logement traversant très clair (trois fenêtres). Matelas d'appoint pour accueillir éventuellement une troisième personne 	Appart F1 de 23m2 avec pièce principale, salle de bain, petite cuisine. Très clair. 2ème étage sans asc. immeuble ravalé, sécurisé. Quartier mairie du 18è animé de multiples commerces et cafés ; Proximité métro ( 12 et 4) et bus. l'appartement comprend - une entrée - une salle avec un canapé clic clac (neuf), un bureau, des rangements, une penderie et équipé d'une télévision-lecteur DVD et wifi (livebox) - une petite cuisine avec fenêtre équipée d'un frigidaire, d'un four micro-ondes et de plaques de cuisson (gaz) - une petite salle de bain avec douche, wc et lavabo Logement traversant très clair (trois fenêtres). Matelas d'appoint pour accueillir éventuellement une troisième personne Situated in the heart of the 18th arrondisement of Paris, 15 minutes walking from Montmartre in the north of the city, in a lively quarter full of cafes Near metros Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4), and multiple bus lines.
32673	Le propriétaire est dessinateur, et comédien, et partage sa vie entre la France et le Maroc. La décoration de l'appartement est sobre et harmonieuse, laissant prévaloir l'espace et faisant la part belle au bois; ce qui rend le lieu chaleureux.	Typiquement parisien, spacieux ; double living, balcon très belle vue sur Montmartre 5ème étage, chambre double calme, salle de bains, toilettes. 3 couchages. Parquet. Tous équipements. Entre Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est. Le propriétaire est dessinateur, et comédien, et partage sa vie entre la France et le Maroc. La décoration de l'appartement est sobre et harmonieuse, laissant prévaloir l'espace et faisant la part belle au bois; ce qui rend le lieu chaleureux. Comme précisé plus haut, il se situe en centre-ville et proche des principaux centres d’intérêt, commerciaux, culturels, de loisirs ou d'affaires (La Défense à 30 mn). Proche également de parcs et jardins, notamment le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, le canal Saint-Martin,le Bassin de la Villette (15 mn à pied), et le merveilleux cimetière du Père-Lachaise (direct en métro, 15 mn). Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est sont très proches, liaison directe de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, et de la Gare de Lyon (2 stations de RER); l'aéroport d'
32674		Sunny and quiet studio near Montmartre, the Flea Market, and great public transportation.  It has a single bed, but possibility of a double, bathroom with WC and shower;  equipped kitchenette.  You can sit out on the passerelle like a balcony
32675	In the heart of Montmartre hill, in a very pleasant street with shops and stores, you will enjoy this charming studio on the 1 st floor of a secure building. This charming and convinient flat consists of : a living room with a large sofa, a dining table with chairs, an open equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower, sink and toilet. Ideally located in a historic district of Paris, you can visit the many nearby museums or stroll through the narrow streets of Montmartrte to discover the oldest building of Paris and many shops. Bed linens and towels provided.	In the heart of Montmartre hill, in a very pleasant street with shops and stores, you will enjoy this charming studio on the 1 st floor of a secure building. This charming and convinient flat consists of : a living room with a large sofa, a dining table with chairs, an open equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower, sink and toilet. Ideally located in a historic district of Paris, you can visit the many nearby museums or stroll through the narrow streets of Montmartrte to discover the oldest building of Paris and many shops. Bed linens and towels provided.
32676	The apartment has been completely refreshed one year ago by Ana and her boyfriend (its owners). Originally, this property was an atypical 2 rooms where the kitchen was located on the little room which is the bathroom today. This configuration was not really comfortable. That's the reason why Ana and her boyfriend have decided to remodel it.   I would like you to know that they give their best to make this unit as cozy as possible. The unit which is located on the famous « Rue Lepic » in the hearth of Montmartre (2 min walk from the « Café des 2 Moulins » known because of « Amelie Poulain » - 5 min walk from the « Abbesses » - 5 min walk from the « Moulin Rouge » cabaret)   This vibrant neighborhood is really done for travelers looking for the old Paris mood. In walknig distance, you will find lot of cofees (called in french « bistrots), groceries, bakeries and restaurants. But like the unit is located on a quiet street (the one which gives on the « Rue Lepic »), you will not suffer fro	"Located in a very quiet street of Montmartre overlooking the Rue Lepic, the studio is the perfect place for travelers seeking the ambiance « old bitstrot » you can find for example in ""Café des 2 moulins"" (coffee of the famous Amélie Poulain) The apartment has been completely refreshed one year ago by Ana and her boyfriend (its owners). Originally, this property was an atypical 2 rooms where the kitchen was located on the little room which is the bathroom today. This configuration was not really comfortable. That's the reason why Ana and her boyfriend have decided to remodel it.   I would like you to know that they give their best to make this unit as cozy as possible. The unit which is located on the famous « Rue Lepic » in the hearth of Montmartre (2 min walk from the « Café des 2 Moulins » known because of « Amelie Poulain » - 5 min walk from the « Abbesses » - 5 min walk from the « Moulin Rouge » cabaret)   This vibrant neighborhood is really done for travelers looking for the old "
32677	The room is situated in a large appartement, with a typical parisien charm (with ancient wooden floor, genuine molding, fireplaces...). The room is 15 m2 in our 54 m2 apartment. It is light during the day, calm at night. The bed is a high-quality double sofa-bed, conceived as a daily bedding, with a real bed base and a thick mattress.	Nice bedroom next to Montmartre in a 54 m2 apartment. African neighborhood, lively and easy going during the day, calm at night. The location is perfect to visit Paris or to go out. The room is situated in a large appartement, with a typical parisien charm (with ancient wooden floor, genuine molding, fireplaces...). The room is 15 m2 in our 54 m2 apartment. It is light during the day, calm at night. The bed is a high-quality double sofa-bed, conceived as a daily bedding, with a real bed base and a thick mattress. You will enjoy your private bedroom, and will have access to: the kitchen-dinning-room and bathroom. The appartement is all furnished (washing machine, fridge, dishwasher etc.). We are a young couple, both PhD students in cognitive science, born Parisians. We speak fluent English, and have bases in German and Portuguese. Our schedules are flexibles, we will be happy to welcome you and share our tips and knowledge of the city. The appartement is situated at a five minutes walk 
32678	"DURING AUGUST, THE APARTMENT IS RENTED ONLY THE WEEK;THANK YOU The apartment is located in the 18th district, metro ""Guy Moquet"". The station is on the line 13, 5 minutes walk from the apartment . The bus line 81 will take you directly in the heart of Paris (Châtelet). But, if you prefer, you may come down the Champs Elysées then take the bus 31, it will pick you at the Arc de Triomphe at the top of the Champs Elysées. At the first floor of a building typically Parisian, you will be seduced by the atmosphere of this flat hightly decorated with furnitures and knicknacks directly mocked in the Chips of Saint Ouen which are in 10mn from there. Mouldings and parquet in oak add to the warm character of places. With its 63 m2 arranged in star this apartment gives an impression of space. Big entry prolonged by a vast and completely equipped opened kitchen. (wash linen, washes dishes, oven, microwaves, refrigerator with freezer) A double lounge of 28m2 (télévison, DVD reader) with a sleeping a"	"DURING AUGUST, THE APARTMENT IS RENTED ONLY THE WEEK;THANK YOU The apartment is located in the 18th district, metro ""Guy Moquet"". The station is on the line 13, 5 minutes walk from the apartment . The bus line 81 will take you directly in the heart of Paris (Châtelet). But, if you prefer, you may come down the Champs Elysées then take the bus 31, it will pick you at the Arc de Triomphe at the top of the Champs Elysées. At the first floor of a building typically Parisian, you will be seduced by the atmosphere of this flat hightly decorated with furnitures and knicknacks directly mocked in the Chips of Saint Ouen which are in 10mn from there. Mouldings and parquet in oak add to the warm character of places. With its 63 m2 arranged in star this apartment gives an impression of space. Big entry prolonged by a vast and completely equipped opened kitchen. (wash linen, washes dishes, oven, microwaves, refrigerator with freezer) A double lounge of 28m2 (télévison, DVD reader) with a sleeping a"
32679		appartement tres clair, 5 ieme etage sans ascenseur, a 10 mn a Pieds du Sacré Coeur ; 10 mn des puces de saint ouen quartier animé, tous commerces tres pres . appartement  tout équipé  Metro Jules Joffrin
32680		Idéalement situé à 10 min du Sacré Coeur et desservi par deux métro (Marcadet-Poissonier L4 et L12).  Appartement lumineux de 28 mètre carré (salon/cuisine, chambre, salle de bain/wc) au sixième étage.
32681	Montmartre typique 	Montmartre typique 
32682		"Appartement situé dans le 18ième près de Jules Joffrin et donc de la butte de Montmartre. Proche de toutes commodités. Se compose d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon (avec un canapé-lit), d'une salle de bain, d'une ""semi chambre""."
32683	This last floor appartment is very bright and soothing with and open outlook. For 2 people and full equipped, this home has a triple exposure with a nice view of Paris -Cet appartement sous les toits de Paris, lumineux, charmant et sans vis à vis est typique.  Pour 2 personnes et entièrement équipé, il bénéficie d'une triple exposition offrant une belle vue dégagé sur  Paris. Il est à deux pas du Sacré Coeur et du métro Barbès.	This is a cute appartment for staying in Montmartre area, with a charming style. Very sunny  with  great views of Paris. The flat is near everything you need, metro is very close : line 2 and 4. I'll be happy to welcome you. This last floor appartment is very bright and soothing with and open outlook. For 2 people and full equipped, this home has a triple exposure with a nice view of Paris -Cet appartement sous les toits de Paris, lumineux, charmant et sans vis à vis est typique.  Pour 2 personnes et entièrement équipé, il bénéficie d'une triple exposition offrant une belle vue dégagé sur  Paris. Il est à deux pas du Sacré Coeur et du métro Barbès. Full equipped: -internet/wifi -first quality double bed. -towel and shits are provided. -hair dryer. -Full equipped kitchen. -Washing machine. Appartement entierement équipé, comprenant : -Internet illimité ADSL haut débit en wifi. -Literie de qualité supérieure. Lit 2 places. -Draps et serviettes  -Sèche cheveux.  -La cuisine est équipée de
32684	Comfortable haussmannian apartment with a  continuous balcony,  on the second floor with elevator. Over-looking a calm, one way street (morning sun). Modern bathroom and kitchen, 3 rooms: bedroom, living room, and a dining room (table seats 9).	Beautiful, comfortable, and calm +50m2 apartment. Walking distance from Montmartre, 5 min from the Moulin Rouge, and 15 min from Grand Magasins (Galerie Lafayette, Printemps). Perfect for a romantic weekend getaway! Comfortable haussmannian apartment with a  continuous balcony,  on the second floor with elevator. Over-looking a calm, one way street (morning sun). Modern bathroom and kitchen, 3 rooms: bedroom, living room, and a dining room (table seats 9). Guest have access to: Free Wifi, Flat Screen TV, dishwasher, washing machine, Senseo coffee machine, and  an orange press. Keys will be given either by me or a friend upon arrival. Lovely, reasonably priced restaurants/bars of all different origins at close proximity (Rue de Dames/Ganneron) Epicerie at 20m. Grocery at 50m. Marché des Batignolles (17ieme) within walking distance (10 minutes). Rue Legendre with delicious brunch places. Sacre Coeur 10 minutes walking and rue Lepic (5 min).Dining recommendations upon request! La Fourche 
32685		Très  beau pièces au pied du métro jules joffrin à  10 min de Montmartre. Idéal pour un week-end en amoureux. Apparemment de 49m2 contenant  salle de bain avec baignoire,  cuisine équipée, balcon, chambre.
32686	Appartement calme avec vue  Le charme d'un appartement typiquement parisien 	Appartement calme avec vue  Le charme d'un appartement typiquement parisien  WI FI  I'll be happy to give good tips (restaurants, bars, places to see)  Quartier animé et coloré  métro ligne 4 
32687		Une belle cuisine, salle de bain et un lit! Il y a une supermarché en face. Vous venez l'appartement facilement du métro Château Rouge ou Marcadet Poissonniers! Vous passez le temps en partageant avec 3 japonais. Vous partagez l'appartement avec 3 japonais. You stay with three japanse mens.
32688	This airy Montmartre apartment is perfect for families or friends (sleeps 4-6).  In an authentic Parisian building, on the fourth floor (yes, no lift) sits this delightful 2-bedroom apartment, charmingly decorated and incorporating original features such as bow windows and parquet floors. Set back off the main street, the apartment feels enclosed, private and refreshing. You get the whole place to yourself: 2 bedrooms, an open-plan kitchen/dining room and a cosy shower room. The main room is a bright open-plan sitting room and kitchen. Here you'll find a dining table (seats 6) The master bedroom has a low-slung double bed, ample wardrobe space and French windows. The second room can be used as a room or as an office. The shower room is simple but adequate; there’s no bathtub. But there is a washing machine.   There are hundreds of restaurants on your doorstep too: head south rue des abbesses : there is a varied assortment of independent bistros, bars and boulangeries. You can stock up 	This airy Montmartre apartment is perfect for families or friends (sleeps 4-6).  In an authentic Parisian building, on the fourth floor (yes, no lift) sits this delightful 2-bedroom apartment, charmingly decorated and incorporating original features such as bow windows and parquet floors. Set back off the main street, the apartment feels enclosed, private and refreshing. You get the whole place to yourself: 2 bedrooms, an open-plan kitchen/dining room and a cosy shower room. The main room is a bright open-plan sitting room and kitchen. Here you'll find a dining table (seats 6) The master bedroom has a low-slung double bed, ample wardrobe space and French windows. The second room can be used as a room or as an office. The shower room is simple but adequate; there’s no bathtub. But there is a washing machine.   There are hundreds of restaurants on your doorstep too: head south rue des abbesses : there is a varied assortment of independent bistros, bars and boulangeries. You can stock up 
32689	"Nice apartment in Montmartre district,close to Sacré Coeur  The apartment is 60 sqm big and the bedroom sleeps 2 persons comfortably. - One bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed  - One large living room with a couch  - Equipped kitchen  - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower  - dining room with a large table  - wifi and soundsystem Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! The flat is ideally located with convenient access to metro stations and bus lines. The area is packed with bars, restaurants and cultural places.A lot of shops and supermarkets around; Metro line 2 (1minute walking), straight to ""Champs-Elysees"" and Montmartre.  Metro line 4 (1 minutes walking) straight to Chatelet "	"A 13 m² room in a 60 m² flat. The room is quiet, comfortable, and the flat is well-equipped. You will feel at home!  Its located near Montmartre where you can go by foot. You will have your own room equipped with a comfy double bed. Nice apartment in Montmartre district,close to Sacré Coeur  The apartment is 60 sqm big and the bedroom sleeps 2 persons comfortably. - One bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed  - One large living room with a couch  - Equipped kitchen  - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower  - dining room with a large table  - wifi and soundsystem Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! The flat is ideally located with convenient access to metro stations and bus lines. The area is packed with bars, restaurants and cultural places.A lot of shops and supermarkets around; Metro line 2 (1minute walking), straight to ""Champs-Elysees"" and Montmartre.  Metro line 4 (1 minutes walking"
32690	"King bed and private bathroom in a Parisian apartment with wonderful views on Sacré Coeur. Very nice and romantic neighborhood of Paris ""Village"", close to Montmartre vineyards, Sacré Coeur, trendy Abbesses, exclusive avenue Junot, ... Many fine restaurants. Local shops. 50m from Metro line 12, Lamarck-Caulaincourt, direct to Concorde, Rue du Bac, Montparnasse, ... Yoga materials can be used by guests. "	"In the heart of charming Montmartre, enjoy a confortable king size bedroom with it own bathroom. King bed and private bathroom in a Parisian apartment with wonderful views on Sacré Coeur. Very nice and romantic neighborhood of Paris ""Village"", close to Montmartre vineyards, Sacré Coeur, trendy Abbesses, exclusive avenue Junot, ... Many fine restaurants. Local shops. 50m from Metro line 12, Lamarck-Caulaincourt, direct to Concorde, Rue du Bac, Montparnasse, ... Yoga materials can be used by guests. Bedroom and its private bath room. Kitchen and Living room (normal and reasonable use) Balcony "
32691	The flat has been renovated in 2015 and is very pleasant to live in. 	Welcome to Paris! Overlooking the courtyard, the flat is very quiet and sunny. You will be very close to Montmartre, in a shopping area. Metro : lines 2, 4 and 12. The flat has been renovated in 2015 and is very pleasant to live in. Markets, groceries, restaurants, bars: you will find everything you need in this animated area! The flat is close to Montmartre and La Villette. Walkers will love it! Metro stations: Château rouge, Barbès-Rochechouart, Marcadet-Poissonniers. Lines: 2, 4 and 12.
32692	Typical parisian 1900's apartment, renovated 1 year ago. Welcoming cocoon. Cosy, colored and practice space. It feels good.	My apartment is a 30m² very bright and quiet 2 rooms. It's at 5 min walking from Montmartre and 3 min from the metro which send you to the center quickly. there is a beautiful bedroom with a double bed, cosy living room, little bathroom and a kitche Typical parisian 1900's apartment, renovated 1 year ago. Welcoming cocoon. Cosy, colored and practice space. It feels good. Guests will have access to whole apartment and equipment. I give some advices to the guests and try to answer all the questions they have for the best.I will be glad to share with you my favorite places. Lively area. many grocery store around the house, and a market. The ligne 4(métro château rouge) is at 3 minutes walking. The Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est are at less than 10 min. The ligne 4 reach you to the center in 15minutes. It's very easy to get to the apartment Train and subway station very close. Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est at less than 10 min by the subway. The apartment is at 3min of the subway station C
32693	Hello, I am renting my cosy and atypical parisien studio to persons who wish to visit Paris diferently!  Not only will I leave my appartement all set up for a lovely stay, but I also plan on leaving a few of my parisien tips if needed! bars, shops, walk-abouts etc... Great 28m2 studio in Paris, all accomodations, well equiped (can host up to 3person).  There are 2 bed options with very comfortable matresses : one double bed and a twin bed. The kitchen is fully equiped with modern electric oven and ceramic hob, washing machine, refrigerator/freezer and cuboards filled with all the essential equipement and condiments to cook and prepare breakfast. (Various Boulangerie nearby for french breakfast with baguette and croissant!) A small but practical bathroom with a very comfortable shower. Also remaining at your disposal Music player, TV and WiFi connection...  This studio appartment is ideal for a summer in Paris, where you can enjoy having a quiet outdoor breakfast in the patio garden! Yo	Hello, I am renting my cosy and atypical parisien studio to persons who wish to visit Paris diferently!  Not only will I leave my appartement all set up for a lovely stay, but I also plan on leaving a few of my parisien tips if needed! bars, shops, walk-abouts etc... Great 28m2 studio in Paris, all accomodations, well equiped (can host up to 3person).  There are 2 bed options with very comfortable matresses : one double bed and a twin bed. The kitchen is fully equiped with modern electric oven and ceramic hob, washing machine, refrigerator/freezer and cuboards filled with all the essential equipement and condiments to cook and prepare breakfast. (Various Boulangerie nearby for french breakfast with baguette and croissant!) A small but practical bathroom with a very comfortable shower. Also remaining at your disposal Music player, TV and WiFi connection...  This studio appartment is ideal for a summer in Paris, where you can enjoy having a quiet outdoor breakfast in the patio garden! Yo
32694	L'immeuble est un immeuble du 19 ième siècle, très élégant.  L'appartement est un appartement typiquement parisien de 80 M2  avec beaucoup de caractère, exposé plein sud. Il dispose d'une très grande cuisine, idéale pour cuisiner et tout le confort : wifi, machine à laver. 	La chambre est une belle et grande pièce, lumineuse, plein sud, situé dans un appartement de 80 mètres carré. L'immeuble est un ancien immeuble de caractère. L'appartement se situe à 10 minutes à pied de de Montmartre. Lit excellent confort.  L'immeuble est un immeuble du 19 ième siècle, très élégant.  L'appartement est un appartement typiquement parisien de 80 M2  avec beaucoup de caractère, exposé plein sud. Il dispose d'une très grande cuisine, idéale pour cuisiner et tout le confort : wifi, machine à laver.  Le métro Lamarck Caulaincourt est situé à 5 mn à pieds. Appartement situé à 10 mn à pieds du sacré coeur, 10 mn à pieds du quartier des Abesses.  Par le métro:  10 minutes de Madeleine et de Concorde . 15 minutes d'opéra.   Je ne serai pas présente dans l'appartement. Mon colocataire (Jérôme : 33 ans) sera en revanche présent et pourra vous donner des conseils pour profiter au mieux de la vie parisienne.  La rue Caulaincourt et ses environs sont très appréciés notamment en rais
32695	Quiet Studio situated at the ground floor overlooking the courtyard.  A room of 17.5 sq m and a private laundry and dressing just opposite of 4 sq m. Sheet bed, pillows and bath towels are furnished Choose this unique spot to visit and to enjoy a real Parisian life.	"You cannot be closer to the Sacré Cœur... In the heart of Montmartre, nicknamed also ""the small village"", it´s THE place to be to really enjoy your trip! My flat will satisfy all people looking for an authenthic and unique experience Quiet Studio situated at the ground floor overlooking the courtyard.  A room of 17.5 sq m and a private laundry and dressing just opposite of 4 sq m. Sheet bed, pillows and bath towels are furnished Choose this unique spot to visit and to enjoy a real Parisian life. Métro Abbesses (ligne 12), Château Rouge (ligne 4) ou Anvers (ligne 2)"
32696	hey, we have a very nice little apartment, two spaces and separated kitchen.  Sun all over the place and mostly calm.	I rent my two room apartment only when i'm not there to let you experience how is it to live here.  It is very cute, a popular place in paris, 5th floor, a sunny apartment with a bedroom with  balcony to watch the Sun  hey, we have a very nice little apartment, two spaces and separated kitchen.  Sun all over the place and mostly calm. take the subway line 12, stop at marx dormoy. then googlemap it. :)  Popular place, all you need around, life, bar, restaurant, mostly bobos here :) I rent only full apartment so I welcome you and go normaly :) bus, subway, velib ( paris bike..) very easy
32697	This 40sq. meters apartment is located in a typical Montmartre building of the 1890’s. On the 4th floor, the living room is full of sunlight in the late morning and afternoon. There is fully equipped open-kitchen  (expresso coffee machine, boiler, toaster, micro oven, cooking hobs) where you can easily prepare meals.  The room ( with view on the yard) has a king size bed for 2 persons. It is very quiet and comfortable. Sheets and towels are provided for your stay. There is a Sofabed (queen size - for 2 persons) in the living room (view on street – may be a bit noisy at night). The bathroom, next to the room, has a bath, basin and toilet. There is an hairdryer (may be useful,) In the apartment there is also a washing machine with dryer included. If needed an iron is at your disposal)) Cleaning fee for each stay is standard (EUR35) 	You stay in Paris? The best place to live is certainly Montmartre district! 8 min walking distance from Sacre-coeur, same from Moulin Rouge, this 2 room apartment is in the heart of Montmartre. Abbesses square is less than 4 min walking distance This 40sq. meters apartment is located in a typical Montmartre building of the 1890’s. On the 4th floor, the living room is full of sunlight in the late morning and afternoon. There is fully equipped open-kitchen  (expresso coffee machine, boiler, toaster, micro oven, cooking hobs) where you can easily prepare meals.  The room ( with view on the yard) has a king size bed for 2 persons. It is very quiet and comfortable. Sheets and towels are provided for your stay. There is a Sofabed (queen size - for 2 persons) in the living room (view on street – may be a bit noisy at night). The bathroom, next to the room, has a bath, basin and toilet. There is an hairdryer (may be useful,) In the apartment there is also a washing machine with dryer included.
32698	L'appartement typique parisien dispose de 2 pièces: Dans la salon , un très confortable canapé de 3 places convertible en lit de 2 places. Une cuisine ouverte avec un petit réfrigérateur une machine à laver le linge, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques un grille pain (pour le petit déjeuner !!! ) et une bouilloire .Les assiettes ,verres et couverts sont à votre disposition. 	Idéalement situé à Montmartre avec une très belle vue sur le Sacré Cœur, L'appartement est au 6e étage, au cœur de Paris, à proximité de de certains des plus célèbres quartiers, monuments et boutiques du monde et à seulement 5 minutes du métro. L'appartement typique parisien dispose de 2 pièces: Dans la salon , un très confortable canapé de 3 places convertible en lit de 2 places. Une cuisine ouverte avec un petit réfrigérateur une machine à laver le linge, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques un grille pain (pour le petit déjeuner !!! ) et une bouilloire .Les assiettes ,verres et couverts sont à votre disposition. Deux balcons (Un dans la Chambre et un dans le salon ) avec une superbe vue sur le basilique du Sacré Cœur et le mondialement connu village de Montmartre (Ses ruelles,son histoire, son charme). Je suis très réactif aux échanges par mail et téléphone. J'accueil mes visiteurs pour leur montrer les installations,des indications sur l'appartement , quelques idées sur le quartier , la mobil
32699	1 ou 2 Chambres dans grand appartement en colocation (2 autres colocataires) calme et ensoleillé. Derrière la butte Montmartre (10 min à pied), quartier dynamique et agréable, nombreux commerces à proximité. Marché avenue de Saint-Ouen. A deux min à pied du métro Guy Moquet, (15 min de châtelet en métro), de nombreux bus (31, 60, 81).  Location du 8 juillet au 5septembre pour la grande chambre.  Location du 1er au 31 août pour la 2ème chambre. 500 euros les 2 semaines pour la grande chambre (25m2) 400 euros les 2semaines pour la 2ème chambre (15m2).  Parfaite pour un couple en vacances, intimité garantie, échanges possibles avec les autres colocataires! Les deux autres colocataires, Alissia et Victor, seront peut être là, mais sûrement en vacances, ils sont très accueillants et sympathiques en tout cas! Room (25m2) in a big shared apartment (3 rooms in total), calm and sunny. In a typical Parisian residence from the early XXth century. Behind the butte Montmartre (10 min by foot), nice	1 ou 2 Chambres dans grand appartement en colocation (2 autres colocataires) calme et ensoleillé. Derrière la butte Montmartre (10 min à pied), quartier dynamique et agréable, nombreux commerces à proximité. Marché avenue de Saint-Ouen. A deux min à pied du métro Guy Moquet, (15 min de châtelet en métro), de nombreux bus (31, 60, 81).  Location du 8 juillet au 5septembre pour la grande chambre.  Location du 1er au 31 août pour la 2ème chambre. 500 euros les 2 semaines pour la grande chambre (25m2) 400 euros les 2semaines pour la 2ème chambre (15m2).  Parfaite pour un couple en vacances, intimité garantie, échanges possibles avec les autres colocataires! Les deux autres colocataires, Alissia et Victor, seront peut être là, mais sûrement en vacances, ils sont très accueillants et sympathiques en tout cas! Room (25m2) in a big shared apartment (3 rooms in total), calm and sunny. In a typical Parisian residence from the early XXth century. Behind the butte Montmartre (10 min by foot), nice
