4500	31m2 appartement, recently renoved. Arrangement and decoration are not finished yet and some boxes still have to be unpacked. Nevertheless , feel welcome to book the place ! Living-room, 1 bedroom with 140cm large bed (for 2), kitchen with all you may need, and a tiny bathroom with shower and Saniflo macerator system.  Towels and linens are provided. Quiet and bright. Perfect for 2 persons. Safe area. Metro station is only 400 meters away (line 5). Easy to connect with all touristic areas (Paris is a small city) Closeby : metro, supermarkets, banks, bars, restaurants, cinemas ...	31m2 2-rooms appartement in an old parisian building (3rd floor, no lift) 5mn walk from the metro, the Buttes Chaumont Park and near the canal. Quiet and recently renoved. Metro is only 400 meters away. Near supermarkets, restaurants, bars ... 31m2 appartement, recently renoved. Arrangement and decoration are not finished yet and some boxes still have to be unpacked. Nevertheless , feel welcome to book the place ! Living-room, 1 bedroom with 140cm large bed (for 2), kitchen with all you may need, and a tiny bathroom with shower and Saniflo macerator system.  Towels and linens are provided. Quiet and bright. Perfect for 2 persons. Safe area. Metro station is only 400 meters away (line 5). Easy to connect with all touristic areas (Paris is a small city) Closeby : metro, supermarkets, banks, bars, restaurants, cinemas ... You have he whole appartment for yourselves I will welcome you and give you some recommendations. I will be around during your stay if you need me, or I will make sure s
4501	~ L'appartement est un charmant deux pièces très lumineux : Il est situé au 4ème étage + Il y a des fenêtres de chaque coté de l'appartement, ce qui permet un doux courant d'air durant les chaleurs estivales.  ~ L'appartement est un deux pièces avec chambre et salon - cuisinette séparés	L'appartement est situé aux Buttes Chaumont à 7 min du quartier bouillonnant de belleville ~ ménilmontant. À deux pas du Père Lachaise, ce quartier vous offrira un autre visage de la capitale, celui d'un Paris animé, populaire et sympathique. ~ L'appartement est un charmant deux pièces très lumineux : Il est situé au 4ème étage + Il y a des fenêtres de chaque coté de l'appartement, ce qui permet un doux courant d'air durant les chaleurs estivales.  ~ L'appartement est un deux pièces avec chambre et salon - cuisinette séparés La rue de la Villette est une rue commerçante calme et sympathique.  Boulangerie, épiceries, cafés et bars à 1mn, supermarché à 3 mn.  Marché rue des Pyrénées les dimanches matin ~ Marché de Belleville mardi et vendredi matin. Métro Ligne 11 : Jourdain (7minutes à pied) ou Ligne 7 Bis : Botzaris (1minute à pied) Ligne de Bus 48 la plus proche. Station Vélib' à 1 minute à pied
4502		Logement ou on se sent bien.!  Intimité !  Terrasse et extérieur cosy ! Salon entièrement privatisé pour le voyageur A tout :) Tout a moins de 20min  10 min des galerie lafayettes ! Opéra ! Châtelet  Parc des Buttes de Chaumont et parc de la Villette a 2 pas !  Quartier vivant
4503	We just bought this full of light, quiet 2 bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian neighborhood. It is a 5 min walk to Canal Saint-Martin, or to Buttes Chaumont, the most beautiful park in Paris. It is 5 min to Metro Jaures, and 2 more minutes to Métro Stalingrad, all and all 4 different metro lines), which takes you in 10-20 minutes to the Latin Quarter, to the Louvre, the Opera, Etoile, Marais and to other central Parisian sights.  This 45 sqm apartment is on the third floor (no elevator), its 5 windows overlooking different charming open views of the neighborhood.  The entrance door opens on a dining-room with a small but fully equipped open kitchen. The corridor takes you to a bedroom with a double bed, and then to a big living-room/bedroom (with convertible). The apartment is just renovated, newly painted, with old wooden parquet.  The light floods the entire apartment at all hours of the day, a rare asset in Paris.  The entrance to the building is with a code, then you have anoth	We just bought this full of light, quiet 2 bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian neighborhood. It is a 5 min walk to Canal Saint-Martin, or to Buttes Chaumont, the most beautiful park in Paris. It is 5 min to Metro Jaures, and 2 more minutes to Métro Stalingrad, all and all 4 different metro lines), which takes you in 10-20 minutes to the Latin Quarter, to the Louvre, the Opera, Etoile, Marais and to other central Parisian sights.  This 45 sqm apartment is on the third floor (no elevator), its 5 windows overlooking different charming open views of the neighborhood.  The entrance door opens on a dining-room with a small but fully equipped open kitchen. The corridor takes you to a bedroom with a double bed, and then to a big living-room/bedroom (with convertible). The apartment is just renovated, newly painted, with old wooden parquet.  The light floods the entire apartment at all hours of the day, a rare asset in Paris.  The entrance to the building is with a code, then you have anoth
4504	Hi ! You're welcome to stay in our warm and cosy one room studio apartment (the kitchen is separate, so is the bathroom) for one to three persons. One large bed on the mezzanine, one single bed (+ one convertible sofa), a big window with view on trees in a charming and quiet pedestrian street, wooden parquet and traditional high ceiling,  typical Parisian style. The flat is located in the Mouzaïa neighborhood, in the 19th district of Paris. It is close to the great new hype area of Canal de l'Ourcq (full of restaurants, bars, pubs and cinemas) and 3 minutes walk from the biggest parisian park of Buttes-Chaumont.  There are 3 different subway lines all at less than 10 minutes walk from the apartment (the closest is Botzaris on 7 bis and is 3 minutes away). 15 min subway ride from the city center (metro station line 11) and less than 15 minutes from MONTMARTRE.. Exact time from the subway station a few minutes away from the apartment :   - Beaubourg (Pompidou) Musee & quartier Le Marais:	Hi ! You're welcome to stay in our warm and cosy one room studio apartment (the kitchen is separate, so is the bathroom) for one to three persons. One large bed on the mezzanine, one single bed (+ one convertible sofa), a big window with view on trees in a charming and quiet pedestrian street, wooden parquet and traditional high ceiling,  typical Parisian style. The flat is located in the Mouzaïa neighborhood, in the 19th district of Paris. It is close to the great new hype area of Canal de l'Ourcq (full of restaurants, bars, pubs and cinemas) and 3 minutes walk from the biggest parisian park of Buttes-Chaumont.  There are 3 different subway lines all at less than 10 minutes walk from the apartment (the closest is Botzaris on 7 bis and is 3 minutes away). 15 min subway ride from the city center (metro station line 11) and less than 15 minutes from MONTMARTRE.. Exact time from the subway station a few minutes away from the apartment :   - Beaubourg (Pompidou) Musee & quartier Le Marais:
4505	Bel espace à vivre au pied du métro, dans vieux quartier typique de l'est parisien, ultra vivant et cosmopolite, au bas de la colline de Belleville, proche de Ménilontant. Appartement au 1er étage sans ascenseur, en triple exposition, soleil tournant toute la journée, charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquets), spacieux (80m2), très grande pièce à vivre plein sud de 38m2 avec 4 fenêtres, piano accordé, cuisine ouverte, 1 grande chambre + bureau & dressing, 1 seconde chambre avec bureau. Double vitrage partout. Cuisine équipée : feux gaz, four électrique, lave vaisselle. Salle de bain + baignoire - douche, lave linge. WC séparé. WIFI/TV/chaîne hifi. Chauffage central. Accueil 5 personnes : 2 chambres avec lit double dans chacune + un canapé dans le salon pouvant servir de lit d'appoint pour une personne. Possibilité de matelas supplémentaire pour une 6ème personne / lit de bébé sur demande. Grand marché + petit marché gastronomique 2 fois par semaine. Nombreux restaurants pour toutes les b	Bel espace à vivre au pied du métro, dans vieux quartier typique de l'est parisien, ultra vivant et cosmopolite, au bas de la colline de Belleville, proche de Ménilontant. Appartement au 1er étage sans ascenseur, en triple exposition, soleil tournant toute la journée, charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquets), spacieux (80m2), très grande pièce à vivre plein sud de 38m2 avec 4 fenêtres, piano accordé, cuisine ouverte, 1 grande chambre + bureau & dressing, 1 seconde chambre avec bureau. Double vitrage partout. Cuisine équipée : feux gaz, four électrique, lave vaisselle. Salle de bain + baignoire - douche, lave linge. WC séparé. WIFI/TV/chaîne hifi. Chauffage central. Accueil 5 personnes : 2 chambres avec lit double dans chacune + un canapé dans le salon pouvant servir de lit d'appoint pour une personne. Possibilité de matelas supplémentaire pour une 6ème personne / lit de bébé sur demande. Grand marché + petit marché gastronomique 2 fois par semaine. Nombreux restaurants pour toutes les b
4506	"LOVELY HOUSE PARIS buttes Chaumont Private Yard with flowers 5 persons ,two bedrooms 80 square meter   Métro   Place des fêtes ,Télégraphe Come and relaxing parisian atmosphere in very charming parisian house located in Jourdain ,Belleville area next to Buttes Chaumont big park Ideal for families or two couples Very quiet House with a small private yard  You have your own yard when you can relax and have lunch or dinner 2 levels of 35 square meters ,wooden floors Living room,kitchen, first level Second level ,one room 13 square meters,and one 25 square meters room with a big mezzanine (for three people )one double bed and one simple bed) One bathroom our  two small cats are living outside and come sometimes to eat ,very independent and they shave a third level for them,down the house  Many shops restaurants,¨""Places des fêtes"" market Less than 12 minutes from ChATELET? LOUVRE MARAIS, few stations the métro is 100 m from the house  Very quiet and safe area  rebuilt by a couple of drama "	House renovated by a couple of theater artist for 5 persons    50 m from the metro telegraphe close to le Marais Very beautiful materials and lovely atmosphere one parental room and double and simple beds room for children or adults        LOVELY HOUSE PARIS buttes Chaumont Private Yard with flowers 5 persons ,two bedrooms 80 square meter   Métro   Place des fêtes ,Télégraphe Come and relaxing parisian atmosphere in very charming parisian house located in Jourdain ,Belleville area next to Buttes Chaumont big park Ideal for families or two couples Very quiet House with a small private yard  You have your own yard when you can relax and have lunch or dinner 2 levels of 35 square meters ,wooden floors Living room,kitchen, first level Second level ,one room 13 square meters,and one 25 square meters room with a big mezzanine (for three people )one double bed and one simple bed) One bathroom our  two small cats are living outside and come sometimes to eat ,very independent and they shave a t
4507		The room is big and nice : there is wooden floor, a big window and a balcony, there is a a double bed, shelves and cupboards where you can put your belongings, many books and comics in French and in English that you can borrow, a rocking chair, a comfy armchair...
4508	Décoré avec goût dans le style vieux Paris dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lumineux, traversant, 5ème étage avec balcon filant pour dîner à deux au soleil ou se bronzer. Calme dans une rue semi-piétonne, tous les commerces à proximité, la ligne 5 du métro à 50 mètres.	Magnifique petit appartement tout équipé et décoré avec goût pour 4 personnes. 5ème étage lumineux et traversant avec possibilité de manger sur le balcon. 3 pièces et cuisine ouverte. Devant la Philharmonie de Paris et le Zenith. Décoré avec goût dans le style vieux Paris dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, lumineux, traversant, 5ème étage avec balcon filant pour dîner à deux au soleil ou se bronzer. Calme dans une rue semi-piétonne, tous les commerces à proximité, la ligne 5 du métro à 50 mètres. Toutes les pièces sauf le dressing. Le frigo, le wifi, la télévision TNT, le lecteur DVD, les livres et revues, le lit 2 places, le canapé-lit 2 places, le balcon, la table et les chaises du balcon. Je serai présent à votre arrivée pour vous briefer sur l'appartement et le quartier. Je serai également là à votre départ pour la remise des clés. Le 19eme est un quartier en plein ascension. Avec l'ouverture de la Philharmonie de Paris (visible de la chambre à couc
4509	Private room 20m2 with one double very comfortable sofa-bed, two chairs, one desk and a table, and free WIFI.  The room is well lit by sunlight and it has a balcony where one can sit, have tea and relax.  The apartment is located 2 min from metro/bus. Supermarket at 50m.  Around the building there are many restaurants and nice bars, and we are just 10 min away from Canal de l'Ourcq and 15 min from Belleville.  We're nice and friendly, we speak fluent english, french and italian	Just a block from Canal de l'Ourcq, this private room with balcony is in our bright and cheery apartment, a few meters away from the Metro Crimée. The room is cozy and comfy and the apartment is located in a popular, lively, neighbourhood. Private room 20m2 with one double very comfortable sofa-bed, two chairs, one desk and a table, and free WIFI.  The room is well lit by sunlight and it has a balcony where one can sit, have tea and relax.  The apartment is located 2 min from metro/bus. Supermarket at 50m.  Around the building there are many restaurants and nice bars, and we are just 10 min away from Canal de l'Ourcq and 15 min from Belleville.  We're nice and friendly, we speak fluent english, french and italian Full private access to your own room. Shared access to kitchen, bathroom, and washing machine.  The kitchen is fully equipped and it also has a washing machine. In the kitchen, you can use all utensils, the stove and cookers for cooking, as well as all the 'ingredients' that a
4510	Apartment at Quai de l'Oise PARIS in the 19e, close to Buttes Chaumont Park and also Villette Park; only 3 metro stations to Montmartre, apartment located in a building alongside Canal de l'Oise on the 3rd floor with elevator, wifi. Spacious 65 m2 with full kitchen opening onto an open-plan dining and living area, 1 bedroom, bathroom and separate toilet; very quiet with rear-facing balcony; very pleasant area with many superette options for food shopping, bakeries and other shops close by; local market on Thursdays and Sundays. Situated right on Canal de l'Oise, you can walk easily to Bassin de la Villette et as well as to Canal Saint Martin, with its locks, then on to La Bastille. You are right next to Science City at La Villette, Music City, Buttes Chaumont Park, cinemas. The centre of Paris is barely 20 minutes away. Métro stations close by are CRIMEE - OURCQ - STALINGRAD (lignes 7-5-2)  Parking may be possible in the building by prior arrangement. 	Apartment at Quai de l'Oise PARIS in the 19e, close to Buttes Chaumont Park and also Villette Park; only 3 metro stations to Montmartre; apartment located in a building alongside Canal de l'Ourcq on the 3rd floor with elevator, wifi. Apartment at Quai de l'Oise PARIS in the 19e, close to Buttes Chaumont Park and also Villette Park; only 3 metro stations to Montmartre, apartment located in a building alongside Canal de l'Oise on the 3rd floor with elevator, wifi. Spacious 65 m2 with full kitchen opening onto an open-plan dining and living area, 1 bedroom, bathroom and separate toilet; very quiet with rear-facing balcony; very pleasant area with many superette options for food shopping, bakeries and other shops close by; local market on Thursdays and Sundays. Situated right on Canal de l'Oise, you can walk easily to Bassin de la Villette et as well as to Canal Saint Martin, with its locks, then on to La Bastille. You are right next to Science City at La Villette, Music City, Buttes Chaum
4511	Large flat, 3 rooms (only 1 to rent) and a convertible sofa for 2 more guests. You can use the bathrooms (of course !) and the kitchen.  What is makes our flat unique ? The terrace, where you can chill, sunbath, make a bbq (electric) and even bath in the (small) swimming pool !	Double bed in a flat next to Ourq's canal, and a convertible sofa for two more guests. Kitchen & bathroom. Nice roomates and a terrace where you can chill, use the electric bbq, an even a swiming pool !!  7 - Riquet Large flat, 3 rooms (only 1 to rent) and a convertible sofa for 2 more guests. You can use the bathrooms (of course !) and the kitchen.  What is makes our flat unique ? The terrace, where you can chill, sunbath, make a bbq (electric) and even bath in the (small) swimming pool ! You can use the entire flat but the other roomates' romms. One of my roomates can welcome you and give you some nice tips about Paris ! You are just next to the Ourq's canal (Paris plage during august). 5 to 10 min walking you'll be able to wander around the Parc des buttes chaumont of La Villette. For the Kids, you have La Cité des Sciences. And if you like culture, expositions and street art, you should look for the 104. The subway station (Riquet, L7) is almost in front of the building door !
4512	3 pièces moderne et lumineux, idéal jusqu'à 4 personnes, entre amis ou en famille. Très bien situé, à 2 pas du Canal St Martin,  à mi-distance du parc des Buttes Chaumont et de Montmartre. Lignes de métro 2, 5 et 7 ! Gardien accueillant en journée. 	3 pièces moderne et lumineux, idéal jusqu'à 4 personnes, entre amis ou en famille. Très bien situé, à 2 pas du Canal St Martin,  à mi-distance du parc des Buttes Chaumont et de Montmartre. Lignes de métro 2, 5 et 7 ! Gardien accueillant en journée. 3 pièces moderne et lumineux, idéal jusqu'à 4 personnes, entre amis ou en famille. Très bien situé, à 2 pas du Canal St Martin,  à mi-distance du parc des Buttes Chaumont et de Montmartre. Lignes de métro 2, 5 et 7 ! Gardien accueillant en journée. 
4513		"l'appartement  est situé à proximité du métro ""Stalingrad"", dans le 19e, au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble sécurisé de 3 étages d'une petite rue. L'appartement comprend un séjour avec canapé dépliant/deux places, une cuisine et une salle de bain/WC."
4514	Il s'agît d'une chambre de 15 m2 dans un appartement de 46 m2, avec internet, électricité, cuisine, frigo, lave linge, bibliothèque, dans un des quartiers le plus sympa de paris. Il y a aussi un jardin privatif qui peut être utilisé.	"It's a room in an apartment situated at the heart of the new neighborhood ""à la mode"" de Belleville. Full of commerces all over around, bars, parks. Into a calm apartment, full of books and joy. With a beautiful collective garden downstairs."
4515	Bonjour ! You can reach the appartment easily : two metro lines (lines 11 at 300 meters and 7bis at 150 meters) and the Tramway T3 are within walking distance.  All public transportation  are located within 3 to 7 minutes by walking.  If you want to reserve only for one or two days, there is a special price : add 40 euros. Everybody says that my appartment is pretty, spacious calm and bright.  The 60 square meters are distributed in : -two bedrooms and three confortable double beds (160cm in the first one and two 140cm mastress in the second one).  -living room  -small kitchen open on the living room  - bathroom well designed.  -First room as a double bed (160X190) -The second room  has two double comfortable bed (140cm) , one is lying on a solid mezzanine. Two adults (or children) can sleep on those beds. Actually, if you are more than 4 people, you can use the second mastress (140cm), lying it on the floor under the mezzanine.   The appartment has been was renovated in 2007. It is th	Enjoy a bright and calm appartment furnished with three double confortable beds in two bedrooms.  Bonjour ! You can reach the appartment easily : two metro lines (lines 11 at 300 meters and 7bis at 150 meters) and the Tramway T3 are within walking distance.  All public transportation  are located within 3 to 7 minutes by walking.  If you want to reserve only for one or two days, there is a special price : add 40 euros. Everybody says that my appartment is pretty, spacious calm and bright.  The 60 square meters are distributed in : -two bedrooms and three confortable double beds (160cm in the first one and two 140cm mastress in the second one).  -living room  -small kitchen open on the living room  - bathroom well designed.  -First room as a double bed (160X190) -The second room  has two double comfortable bed (140cm) , one is lying on a solid mezzanine. Two adults (or children) can sleep on those beds. Actually, if you are more than 4 people, you can use the second mastress (140cm), ly
4516		appartement tout équipé très agréable à côté du canal
4517	For all the ones who likes unique appartments and who really wants to have a fantastic parisian experience, this place is the ideal one. This charming loft is spacious, beautiful, well located to run around the city, and also perfect to have romantic dinners and relaxing evenings.	Our appartment is located in the very animated area of Belleville - 5 minutes to Place de la République and 15m to the Louvre - easy from airport. Loft in a former industrial building. There are 2 bathrooms - 1 bedroom, and a bed for 2 in the living  For all the ones who likes unique appartments and who really wants to have a fantastic parisian experience, this place is the ideal one. This charming loft is spacious, beautiful, well located to run around the city, and also perfect to have romantic dinners and relaxing evenings. Guess will have access to the whole appartment We will make sure you'll have a great experience! As we are travelling, our sister in law will welcome you, we will be recheable by telephone and email. Belleville is the old popular neighborhood of Paris where singer Edith Piaff was born. Always a place for migrants, it is now also today the best place for street-artists, architects and young students. Very central, well diserved with train stations,metro, bus... It
4518	Cet appartement est agréable et pratique dans un immeuble parisien classique. Un lit double et un canapé/lit double + un lit mezzanine. Il y a des pots de plantes à arroser. Fenêtres double vitrage, lave vaisselle, bon ordinateur avec connexion WIFI, téléphone illimité vers les fixes en France et dans le monde. 	Bel appartement riche en fenêtres, salon spacieux et accueillant. Location pour une semaine minimum. Près du Bassin de La-Villette (Paris-Plage). bien desservi: métro, bus - à 20mn de Châtelet. Bien entouré de commerces, cafés, cinéma, parcs.   Cet appartement est agréable et pratique dans un immeuble parisien classique. Un lit double et un canapé/lit double + un lit mezzanine. Il y a des pots de plantes à arroser. Fenêtres double vitrage, lave vaisselle, bon ordinateur avec connexion WIFI, téléphone illimité vers les fixes en France et dans le monde.  Métro Crimée ligne 7, Bus 60 et 54 et un peu plus loin - le Tram. Échange par mail et par Téléphone   A 3 stations de la Gare du Nord, placé entre le parc de La Villette, les Buttes Chaumont et le Canal de l'Ourq. J'adore mon quartier qui est riche en commerçants, en restaurants, parcs, cinéma. Il y a aussi le Canal de l'Ourq qui lui donne un caché, et un charment marché au bout de ma petite rue deux fois par semaine.
4519	"Dear All,  I'm very proud to introduce you this nice flat in Butte Chaumont park area. Nice apartment of 36m² fully equipped with an open kitchen and a separated bedroom: - Washing / Drying machine / Dishwasher - Oven / Microwave / Nespresso machine... - TV / Hi-Fi / Home cinema / Free Wifi - Provision of linen and towels - Comfortable double bed, double sofa bed and many arrangements The flat is located in a very nice area called ""le marché"" near ""Laumière"" subway station and is 5 to 10 minutes walk from : - Les buttes Chaumont - Le canal St Martin - La Villette (cité de la musique) And is 15 minutes by subway from Montmartre, le Père Lachaise and the City center. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. Bel appartement de 36m ² entièrement équipée avec une cuisine ouverte et d'une chambre séparée: - Lave-linge / machine séch"	"** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear All,  I'm very proud to introduce you this nice flat in Butte Chaumont park area. Nice apartment of 36m² fully equipped with an open kitchen and a separated bedroom: - Washing / Drying machine / Dishwasher - Oven / Microwave / Nespresso machine... - TV / Hi-Fi / Home cinema / Free Wifi - Provision of linen and towels - Comfortable double bed, double sofa bed and many arrangements The flat is located in a very nice area called ""le marché"" near ""Laumière"" subway station and is 5 to 10 minutes walk from : - Les buttes Chaumont - Le canal St Martin - La Villette (cité de la musique) And is 15 minutes by subway from Montmartre, le Père Lachaise and the City center. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. "
4520	Très calme, la proximité du canal est une parenthèse apaisante après une journée trépidante à Paris. Le studio lumineux se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur(s), et le parking en sous-sol est gardé la nuit. Attention, le linge de lit est fourni, mais pas les serviettes de toilette pour le moment.	Studio de 28 m2 à Paris, très calme avec balcon, et vue sur le canal de l'Ourcq. Proche des cinémas MK2, du parc de la Villette, du Point Ephémère, de nombreux cafés le long du canal...    Très calme, la proximité du canal est une parenthèse apaisante après une journée trépidante à Paris. Le studio lumineux se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur(s), et le parking en sous-sol est gardé la nuit. Attention, le linge de lit est fourni, mais pas les serviettes de toilette pour le moment. Un lave vaisselle est disponible. Je suis disponible pour tout renseignement sur le quartier (bonnes adresses…), ainsi que sur l'actualité culturelle parisienne (expo, concerts…). Profitez du parc de la Villette et de ses nombreuses salles de concert, de la Philharmonique, de la Cité des Sciences (pour les enfants) etc… Festivals de musique ou de cinéma avec des nombreuses animations gratuites. Prenez un verre le long du canal dans l'un des cafés animés le soir, ou allez voir une expo, écouter un concert ou 
4521		Ma colocataire étant parfois absente, nous louons sa chambre. Je dors dans le salon mais l'accès à la cuisine et à la salle de bain est possible sans passer par celui-ci. Je suis étudiante en art et ma colocataire étudiante en théâtre. Nous serions heureuse de vous faire profiter de cette chambre (1 lit dble) et cela nous aiderait également à finir plus facilement le mois ;)  Draps et serviettes fournis, à 3min à pieds du métro Porte des Lilas (M11) Commerces nombreux à proximité, bus...
4522	Salon spacieux et lumineux avec parquet, toujours bien chauffé et aéré. L'appartement est fonctionnel, doté d'une cuisine aménagée, d'une vaste salle de bain avec WC séparés et de nombreux rangements.	Un petit nid douillet dans un cadre spacieux et chaleureux. Prenez de la hauteur dans ce lumineux appartement parisien ! Salon spacieux et lumineux avec parquet, toujours bien chauffé et aéré. L'appartement est fonctionnel, doté d'une cuisine aménagée, d'une vaste salle de bain avec WC séparés et de nombreux rangements. Vous avez accès à la totalité de l'appartement. L'immeuble est situé sur une large avenue dotée de toutes les commodités. Supermarchés, poste, pharmacie, boulangeries, banques... sont situés sur le pâté de maison. A 5 min de marche vous avez accès au canal de l'Ourcq et ses petits bars et restaurants. Le parc de la Villette avec sa cité des Sciences et le Parc des Buttes Chaumont ainsi que le 104 sont à moins de 15 min à pieds. Le centre ville parisien est accessible directement par la ligne 7 (moins de 20 min pour se rendre à Châtelet)
4523	"- In the apartment there is a very high debit and free internet connection. There a bath tub in the bathroom and a washing machine. My bedroom is spacious and cosy. The apartment is a typical parisian one, with big windows and the ceiling is decorated with moldings. My room has great light during the day because it is orientated south.   - I provide the sheets and towels.  -  The metro station ""Place des fêtes"" (line 11) is just down the street and connects to all the big areas: ""République"", ""Châtelet"".  - The ""Place des fêtes"" itself is a big square, very practical because there is a huge supermarket called ""Monoprix"", lots of shops and a post office. Three times a week there is a wonderful open market on square with fresh products. There is also a very good bakery right down my apartment, for the ones who enjoy a ""croissant"" in the morning.  - The apartment is located near the beautiful parc ""Les buttes chaumont"", it is also in the Belleville district which is famous for his restaur"	"Typical parisian apartment, with a large bedroom, a cosy living room and a bathroom with a bathtub. It is located in the uppers of Belleville, right above the metro station Place des fêtes !  - In the apartment there is a very high debit and free internet connection. There a bath tub in the bathroom and a washing machine. My bedroom is spacious and cosy. The apartment is a typical parisian one, with big windows and the ceiling is decorated with moldings. My room has great light during the day because it is orientated south.   - I provide the sheets and towels.  -  The metro station ""Place des fêtes"" (line 11) is just down the street and connects to all the big areas: ""République"", ""Châtelet"".  - The ""Place des fêtes"" itself is a big square, very practical because there is a huge supermarket called ""Monoprix"", lots of shops and a post office. Three times a week there is a wonderful open market on square with fresh products. There is also a very good bakery right down my apartment, for t"
4524	Situé à 2 minutes du Métro Colonel Fabien (Ligne 2) et 5 minutes du Métro Jean Jaurès (Lignes 2,5 et 7bis). Parfait pour accueillir confortablement 2 personnes, notre appartement offre un grand lit à l'étage, sous les toits, et un fauteuil convertible si besoin en bas (nous prévenir si besoin de ce couchage, supplément pour le blanc de +10€). Au 1er, vous découvrirez une petite cuisine tout équipée donnant sur un salon très agréable, bénéficiant d'une belle ouverture sur l'extérieur, ainsi qu'un bureau d'appoint et la salle de bain. Accès à l'étage par un escalier atypique en quinconce, donnant sur une véritable chambre sous poutres apparentes, très charmante. Le deux pentes étant sous mezzanine, petite vigilance pour les personnes de grande taille !	Deux-pièces accueillant et atypique, niché au 4ème étage d'un immeuble situé entre le Canal St Martin et les Buttes Chaumont. Tout équipé,  au 1er vous trouverez une belle pièce à vivre et au 2nd une chambre sous les toits avec poutres apparentes. Situé à 2 minutes du Métro Colonel Fabien (Ligne 2) et 5 minutes du Métro Jean Jaurès (Lignes 2,5 et 7bis). Parfait pour accueillir confortablement 2 personnes, notre appartement offre un grand lit à l'étage, sous les toits, et un fauteuil convertible si besoin en bas (nous prévenir si besoin de ce couchage, supplément pour le blanc de +10€). Au 1er, vous découvrirez une petite cuisine tout équipée donnant sur un salon très agréable, bénéficiant d'une belle ouverture sur l'extérieur, ainsi qu'un bureau d'appoint et la salle de bain. Accès à l'étage par un escalier atypique en quinconce, donnant sur une véritable chambre sous poutres apparentes, très charmante. Le deux pentes étant sous mezzanine, petite vigilance pour les personnes de grande 
4525	Center of Paris is 7 min from the appartment , the métro station is down the building. Room for rent in an apartment of 67 m2, 4 rooms.  The appartment is  well located, top floor (6th) of a Haussmanian building overlooking Paris (there is an elevator). The area is on the top of one of the Parisian hill. The building is quiet, the appartment is sunny (double exposure), view of all over Paris from the kitchen window and from one of the bed room ( the one called room with a view in my listings which is more expensive 80 euros for one and 95 euros for 2 per night ).  The windows of the bedrooms are equiped whith double glazing. The appartment has wooden floor, in each bedroom the ceiling has mouldings, each bed room has a fireplace. The appartment is furnished , and equiped with washing machine, dishwasher, etc.. WIFI. You can prepare your meals in the kitchen.  The building is located 50 m away from shops and the very convenient metro line 11 ( brown line), our station is called Pyrénées	The appartment is well located, top floor (6th) of a Haussmanian building overlooking Paris (there is an elevator). The area is on the top of one of the Parisian hill. The appartment is bright (double exposure), view of all over Paris kitchen , 1room Center of Paris is 7 min from the appartment , the métro station is down the building. Room for rent in an apartment of 67 m2, 4 rooms.  The appartment is  well located, top floor (6th) of a Haussmanian building overlooking Paris (there is an elevator). The area is on the top of one of the Parisian hill. The building is quiet, the appartment is sunny (double exposure), view of all over Paris from the kitchen window and from one of the bed room ( the one called room with a view in my listings which is more expensive 80 euros for one and 95 euros for 2 per night ).  The windows of the bedrooms are equiped whith double glazing. The appartment has wooden floor, in each bedroom the ceiling has mouldings, each bed room has a fireplace. The appar
4526	The house is fully equipped with a kitchen (stove, microwave, sink ...), washer (no dryer), television, and wifi. It's comfy and 'home-ly'	A charming Parisian apartment well-lit with big windows. Has one bedroom and one living room each equipped with a double bed.  It's more a home than just a house, comfy and warm in winter, bright and sunny in summer. You'll love the neighborhood ! The house is fully equipped with a kitchen (stove, microwave, sink ...), washer (no dryer), television, and wifi. It's comfy and 'home-ly' You'll have access to the entire apartment (living room, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom). I'll be available by email and telephone but you probably won't see me. It's a great neighborhood, not many tourist traps around, it's mostly residential. The house is *so* well-connected to public transport. The metro Jaurès (lines 2 and 5) is 2 minutes away. There's also the metro Bolivar right downstairs (line 7bis). The house is 40 minutes away from the airport Charles de Gaulle and only 10 minutes by metro from the big train station Gare du Nord (where you can take trains to London and other european capitals).
4527		Cuisine fonctionnel, parquet et petit coin nuit parfaitement au calme. Cet appartement vous séduira par son côté accueillant et chaleureux. Les 4 fenêtres orientées sud et ouest permettent de profiter de l'ensoleillement jusque tard dans la soirée.  A deux pas des Buttes Chaumont, vous pourrez découvrir le canal St Martin.
4528	"The apartment is  68 square meters and can host comfortably 4 people. It also features a 14 square meters balcony.  -2 Bedrooms with Double Bed.  -1 Spacious Living Room -Flat screen High Def TV -Free Wifi and Cable TV -Fully functional Kitchen  -Bathroom – bathtub -Separate WC OTHER DETAILS * Located in a modern secure building (double intercom with a 24h/24 watchman and a 12h/24 keeper) at the 6th floor with elevator. * Extremely bright thanks to the large windows distributing the sunlight. * Extremely quiet because of the windows facing no traffic but a pleasant courtyard * don’t miss ""Paris Plage"" event in July and August and its numerous free attractions, it turns the canal into a very popular area to stroll around!"	"Unique and sunny 2 Bedroom Apartment with a long balcony close to everything The apartment is  68 square meters and can host comfortably 4 people. It also features a 14 square meters balcony.  -2 Bedrooms with Double Bed.  -1 Spacious Living Room -Flat screen High Def TV -Free Wifi and Cable TV -Fully functional Kitchen  -Bathroom – bathtub -Separate WC OTHER DETAILS * Located in a modern secure building (double intercom with a 24h/24 watchman and a 12h/24 keeper) at the 6th floor with elevator. * Extremely bright thanks to the large windows distributing the sunlight. * Extremely quiet because of the windows facing no traffic but a pleasant courtyard * don’t miss ""Paris Plage"" event in July and August and its numerous free attractions, it turns the canal into a very popular area to stroll around! Please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more informations – French spoken too. We love our city and will be happy to make suggestions for places to see and restaurants to dine at. We "
4529	This charming 2 rooms style Loft (42 m2) is located on the ground floor of the of a 19 th century nice building.Its windows give over a quiet garden. One bedroom for 2 persons. And a living room with an open-plan kitchen. A true bathroom with a window and a true bath ! Few furnitures, many cupboards and high ceiling give a felling of space and serenity.	This very quiet place will suit to persons who needs calm and serenity. I's 5 mn walking from the beautiful Buttes chaumont Park and the bohème parisian ambiance of Place Jourdain. This charming 2 rooms style Loft (42 m2) is located on the ground floor of the of a 19 th century nice building.Its windows give over a quiet garden. One bedroom for 2 persons. And a living room with an open-plan kitchen. A true bathroom with a window and a true bath ! Few furnitures, many cupboards and high ceiling give a felling of space and serenity. All flat You'l be welcomed by the caretaker, cause, I live far in Marseille. The beautiful buttes chaumont Park, is 5 mn walking... A nice bohème ambiance with good restaurant near Place Jourdain... Metro Botzaris. Also near to metro Jourdain ( 15 mn direct to center of Paris, Chatelet) Ideal for artist or people needing to spent a few months in a quiet place !
4530		Superbe petite Chambre avec tout le confort nécessaire pour quelques jours ou plus. De nombreux commerces sont à proximités ainsi qu'un grand centre commercial. Dans un quartier en plein développement la station de métro ligne 7 est à 5 min à pieds.
4531	Typical Haussmann building , the apartment is surrounded by two balconies, large French windows and bring light and release , you will see the sky here ... even from the second floor ! A large living room with kitchen, bedroom and bathroom are available. The toilett is separate.	This apartment renovated by an architect (although some finishing touches are still tinkering ... ) is an ideal place to stay in Paris a few days. The ideal base for visiting the City of Light . Typical Haussmann building , the apartment is surrounded by two balconies, large French windows and bring light and release , you will see the sky here ... even from the second floor ! A large living room with kitchen, bedroom and bathroom are available. The toilett is separate. The Secretan neighborhood is a friendly area , located between the Canal St Martin and Park des Buttes Chaumont. You will find at the foot of the building fruit and vegetable merchants , fishmonger and butcher, wine shops, supermarket and store Bio , Italian deli and bistro ... The channel is nearby, the perfect place for a walk or boat, a drink overlooking the water or a movie . The Buttes Chaumont park is one of the most beautiful parks in Paris, very hilly park ensures a sporty jog. For lovers , the purpose of the wa
4532	Appartement de charme, parquet, moulures, cheminées. Mobilier ancien. Petite copropriété donnant sur une cour arborée.	Appartement de charme, parquet, moulures, cheminées. Mobilier ancien. Petite copropriété donnant sur une cour arborée. Quartier vivant, multiculturel, nombreux commerces de proximité, proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du parc de Belleville. Village Jourdain. Piscine Pailleron (idéale pour familles) et patinoire à 10 minutes à pied. Cinémas sur le canal de l'Ourcq. Proximité canal Saint-Martin. Métro ligne 11 (appartement situé à 2 minutes de la station). Bus 60, 48, 26. Station Velib.
4533	This large double-oriented apartment, very calm and bright, is composed of two bedrooms with a garden view, and a full-equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, dish-washer, washing/drying machine…) open to the living/diving room. We must not forget the piano area welcoming you. 	Spacious appartment, in a building set along the banks of the canal, offering a relaxing atmosphere, conducive to unwinding and relaxing. View over the barges, cinema downstairs.  This large double-oriented apartment, very calm and bright, is composed of two bedrooms with a garden view, and a full-equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, dish-washer, washing/drying machine…) open to the living/diving room. We must not forget the piano area welcoming you.  The apartment has been completely refurbished and offers all the amenities: Wifi, television, access to garden and to sandbox, for kids.  I am very easily reachable by email, text message or mobile phone. The caretaker of the building also is very helpful and reliable if unexpected problems occur.  I love this neighbourhood, which is the one of the bucolic Paris, the Paris of locks, floodgates and its barges, ideal for romantic walks or with your family, and still, being a few minutes away from the centre.  Activities are numerous here: wal
4534	The apartment is nice and clean, there is a double bed and a bunk bed, it's perfect for a couple or a friends.  There is a kitchen with refrigerator and electric hob	"Petit studio agréable The apartment is nice and clean, there is a double bed and a bunk bed, it's perfect for a couple or a friends.  There is a kitchen with refrigerator and electric hob The neighborhood he's nice and quiet, you can have a walk until the Buttes-Chaumont park's or to the Belleville's artists' workshops. There is a lot of fruit and vegetable market and flea markets in the area, it's a nice place to live and visit. The apartment is near to the night spot and bar of Ménilmontant, you can go out in the evening,  it's a great place. 10 min from center of Paris by subway.  Line 11 ""Jourdain"""
4535	It's an apartment including a bedroom with double bed, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower & WC. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a stove, an oven and a washing machine. It's right on the canal which you can admire from the bedroom! Bedsheets and towels are provided. As well as tea & coffee if needed. Internet Ethernet/wifi. No TV. For the green thumbs, dont hesitate to take care of the plants!	Nice parisian apartment perfect for a couple. View on the canal! The area is very pleasant, and you can get anywhere in Paris with 2 subway lines only 5 minutes away. Everything you need is nearby: supermarkets, open air market, great parks... It's an apartment including a bedroom with double bed, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom with shower & WC. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a stove, an oven and a washing machine. It's right on the canal which you can admire from the bedroom! Bedsheets and towels are provided. As well as tea & coffee if needed. Internet Ethernet/wifi. No TV. For the green thumbs, dont hesitate to take care of the plants! The whole apartment will be yours. The appartment is located in the 19th arrondissement along the canal de l’Ourcq. It is a very plesant area where you have everything nearby: shops, subway, parks, cinemas, open air market, swimming pool… It is also very close to 2 parks : Les Buttes Chaumont (must do) and La Villette, a park offering
4536	Voulez vous croquez la vie parisienne à pleines dents? Ce bed and breakfast situé dans le 19 eme arrondissement, près du parc des Buttes Chaumont est fait pour vous! Ce quartier où il fait bon vivre possède de nombreuses distractions et utilités (sortie, ballade sur le canal de l'ourcq et le quai de la seine, restaurants, cafés, banques, parfumerie, magasins de mode...). La chambre d'hôte se trouve dans un appartement de 80m2 d'un très bel immeuble, au 5 eme étage avec ascenseur. Votre chambre avec une capacité d'accueil de deux personnes donne une magnifique vue sur le Sacre Cœur. Le lit peut être séparé en deux si vous le souhaitez. Le sol est recouvert d'une moquette bleu. Vous aurez une salle de bain privée. Seules les toilettes sont à partager avec la propriétaire. Le petit déjeuner sera servi dans la salle de séjour. Vous aurez des croissants frais et du pain accompagnés de thé, café, lait, chocolat chaud ou jus de fruits. Vous pourrez tartiner votre pain avec de la confiture fai	Voulez vous croquez la vie parisienne à pleines dents? Ce bed and breakfast situé dans le 19 eme arrondissement, près du parc des Buttes Chaumont est fait pour vous! Ce quartier où il fait bon vivre possède de nombreuses distractions et utilités (sortie, ballade sur le canal de l'ourcq et le quai de la seine, restaurants, cafés, banques, parfumerie, magasins de mode...). La chambre d'hôte se trouve dans un appartement de 80m2 d'un très bel immeuble, au 5 eme étage avec ascenseur. Votre chambre avec une capacité d'accueil de deux personnes donne une magnifique vue sur le Sacre Cœur. Le lit peut être séparé en deux si vous le souhaitez. Le sol est recouvert d'une moquette bleu. Vous aurez une salle de bain privée. Seules les toilettes sont à partager avec la propriétaire. Le petit déjeuner sera servi dans la salle de séjour. Vous aurez des croissants frais et du pain accompagnés de thé, café, lait, chocolat chaud ou jus de fruits. Vous pourrez tartiner votre pain avec de la confiture fai
4537	Appartement chaleureux, pratique, très bien situé dans Paris, et sans vis à vis !	Appartement chaleureux, pratique, très bien situé dans Paris, et sans vis à vis ! Vous pourrez vous servir dans notre thé, épices, shampoing, code WIFI...  On se rencontrera pour l'échange des clés autour d'un thé! Le jardin des Buttes de Chaumont (à 2 min) est superbe, les quais de l'Ourq (2min) sont magnifiques, avec les péniches, cinémas, restaurants et bar en bordure, le parc de la Villette est accessible à pied, et Montmartre est à 15min en métro ! Métro Bolivar, 7bis (à la porte de l'appartement), Sinon Métro Jaurès, Ligne 5 et 2 (à 2min) ou Métro Louis Blanc, Ligne 7 (10min à pied)
4538	Welcome to my appartment ! I am a french/english parisian, and I will be very happy to help you out during your stay in Paris.  My appartment is in a modern building , on the second floor with a lift. It is mostly decorated with vintage 70'S furniture .  I live there with my friendly oriental siamese cat. The room I am renting is spacious and has a vintage 70's Bed in it.  The bathroom is a shared bathroom. You have access to the kitchen and living room for breakfast and diner.  kitchen include an oven & a stove . You can cook simple food like pasta, rice & vegetables. In the living room you'll find a big television with dvd player adsl and cable tv. Phone calls are free for U.S and most countries. . You can hook yourself on internet through wi-fi.  The 75 bus will take you down in twenty minutes into the heart of the marais (the oldest part of paris). The metro will take you in twenty minutes to bastille, twenty minutes to the opera and twenty five minutes to the louvre. or the Latin 	Mostly decorated with 70's furniture, the appartment is  30/40 minutes away from  most tourist Places and 5 minutes away from amazing Park des Buttes Chaumont . A friendly place for your stay in Paris . Welcome to my appartment ! I am a french/english parisian, and I will be very happy to help you out during your stay in Paris.  My appartment is in a modern building , on the second floor with a lift. It is mostly decorated with vintage 70'S furniture .  I live there with my friendly oriental siamese cat. The room I am renting is spacious and has a vintage 70's Bed in it.  The bathroom is a shared bathroom. You have access to the kitchen and living room for breakfast and diner.  kitchen include an oven & a stove . You can cook simple food like pasta, rice & vegetables. In the living room you'll find a big television with dvd player adsl and cable tv. Phone calls are free for U.S and most countries. . You can hook yourself on internet through wi-fi.  The 75 bus will take you down in twen
4539	Perfect for a young family like us.  Our apartment (62m2 or 667sqft) is composed of a large double living room very comfortable, with a large american kitchen / dining room. The bathroom is spacious (with a bath). The child's room is very cozy and calm, can easily be transformed into normal room with a double mattress.  The apartment is tastefully furnished in a practical and aesthetic way.	Our charming 62 square meters apartment is perfect to accommodate a young family (or 4 people). Located in an lively neighborhood, well served by public transport with convenient and quick access to the center of Paris. Perfect for a young family like us.  Our apartment (62m2 or 667sqft) is composed of a large double living room very comfortable, with a large american kitchen / dining room. The bathroom is spacious (with a bath). The child's room is very cozy and calm, can easily be transformed into normal room with a double mattress.  The apartment is tastefully furnished in a practical and aesthetic way. The apartment is furnished, it has all the usual and necessary essential household appliances: washing machine, dishwasher, vacuum cleaner, refrigerator, freezer, oven, hobs, juicer, armored entrance door, etc. .. The neighborhood is very nice especially in summer with the canal de l'Ourcq just a few steps from the apartment, with all the bars, restaurants and cinemas in the area. Th
4540	"Luxurious Penthouse appartment of 80 square meters situated at the 10th and 11th floor of a recent building (with elevator) in avenue Jean Jaure in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, close by the famous ""Cité de la Musique"" Panoramic View all over Paris (included the Eiffel Tower in the Background). Decorated and furnished to High standart, designed by Architects, with varnished wooden floor in living spaces, and marble in bathroom and arround kitchen area. The Flat itself comprise = - at the 11th floor accessible via internal stair, a big living room of 50 square meters with kitchen aera and terrace, south-west facing. This big living room is also furnished with a sofa bed. - at the 10th floor 2 bedrooms with balcony, bathroom with bathtub, separate toilet, wardrobe, and study aera with internet connexion. Each bedroom is provided with a double bed. Restaurants and shops nearby. Tranports = Metro Ourcq closeby (at 100 meters) and many buses. Towels and linens provided. Internet Wifi an"	"Luxurious Penthouse of 80 sqm situated at the 10th floor of a modern buidling of Paris 19e, with panoramic view over the city, consisting in a huge linving room with open kitchen upstairs, and of 2 bedrooms + bathroom and WC downstairs.  Luxurious Penthouse appartment of 80 square meters situated at the 10th and 11th floor of a recent building (with elevator) in avenue Jean Jaure in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, close by the famous ""Cité de la Musique"" Panoramic View all over Paris (included the Eiffel Tower in the Background). Decorated and furnished to High standart, designed by Architects, with varnished wooden floor in living spaces, and marble in bathroom and arround kitchen area. The Flat itself comprise = - at the 11th floor accessible via internal stair, a big living room of 50 square meters with kitchen aera and terrace, south-west facing. This big living room is also furnished with a sofa bed. - at the 10th floor 2 bedrooms with balcony, bathroom with bathtub, separate to"
4541		à 2min du métro Laumière (ligne 5) et à 5min à pieds du parc des buttes chaumont et du canal de l'Ourcq. Notre appartement est bien équipé et agréable à vivre. La ligne 5 dessert également les places de la République et Bastille.
4542	Welcome to Paris ! I rent a private bedroom very comfortable and cosy in my three-room apartment.  The bedroom has a very good double bed (bed and mattress bought at the end of March 2013), a wall closet, and drawers under the bed.  The bedroom is very calm ( no street noise).  The apartment is on the first floor (ground floor) and opens on to a very nice and calm tree-lined courtyard. You can have diner there or even read on the chaise-longue during Summer. The apartment consists of the two bedrooms (mine and yours), a cosy living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a restroom. You can use internet and the washing machine.  The apartment is in a very lively and nice neighborhood.  You can get to in less than 5 minutes  walking : a pharmacy, a bakery, a supermarket, a grocery open all the night long, an organic shop, chinese and thaï restaurants, coffee shops, banks, and even a bookstore. There is a market twice a week.  The apartment is a 5 minutes walk from the Belville subway stop (line	Welcome to Paris ! I rent a private bedroom very comfortable and cosy in my three-room apartment.  The bedroom has a very good double bed (bed and mattress bought at the end of March 2013), a wall closet, and drawers under the bed.  The bedroom is very calm ( no street noise).  The apartment is on the first floor (ground floor) and opens on to a very nice and calm tree-lined courtyard. You can have diner there or even read on the chaise-longue during Summer. The apartment consists of the two bedrooms (mine and yours), a cosy living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a restroom. You can use internet and the washing machine.  The apartment is in a very lively and nice neighborhood.  You can get to in less than 5 minutes  walking : a pharmacy, a bakery, a supermarket, a grocery open all the night long, an organic shop, chinese and thaï restaurants, coffee shops, banks, and even a bookstore. There is a market twice a week.  The apartment is a 5 minutes walk from the Belville subway stop (line
4543		Studio de 20 m2, tout confort et lumineux. A proximité du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du parc de la Vilette. Accès direct au canal de l'Ourcq. A 2 minutes du métro Laumière. Hôte disponible durant votre séjour parlant français, anglais et espagnol.
4544	Le studio à une surface de 35m². Salle de bain, cuisine américaine tout équipé,  un salon avec canapé, écran lcd.  Lit double avec couette. 	Cosy studio of 35m² in new propriety. American kitchen, bathroom of 5m², big dressing. It's at the 8th floor with elevator. The studio wifi, tv of 112cm, washing machine At 150m ( cinema, supermarket, tram & metro, tabacco, club & shopping center )
4545	The studio has a nice terrace overlooking Paris, with table and chairs... Great for a breakfast or drink outside! 	I live in a studio under the Parisian roofs, ideally located between the Buttes Chaumont and the Belleville parks. Close to everything (shops, cafés, restaurants...), but in a very quiet street... You can have breakfast in the sun on the balcony!  The studio has a nice terrace overlooking Paris, with table and chairs... Great for a breakfast or drink outside!  You can freely help yourself for breakfast! There's also a bathroom, towels, and everything you may need. I'd be happy to advise you on what to see or do and where to eat or go out in Paris if you'd like to. The neighbourhood is very lively, you'll find a lot of nice cafés and bars in Belleville (but the street the studio is in is very quiet). It is also rather central, you can reach most metro lines in less than 10 minutes (there's line 11 and line 2 five minutes away from the flat). You can reach the flat thanks to the metro (Belleville or Pyrénées) or the bus (line 26). 
4546	This apartment has been completely renewed last year. It is spacious and bright and well located for buses (to go to Gare Saint-Lazare, Belleville, Saint Germain-des-Prés, Centre Pompidou, Rue de Rivoli or the Galeries Lafayette) and metros (Père-Lachaise, Ménilmontant, Champs Elysées, République, Arts et Métiers, Hôtel de Ville, Chatelet). It is near the Buttes Chaumont park, near the Canal Saint-Martin and from the top and the neighborhood there is a beautiful view on Paris. 	Lovely apartment near the Buttes Chaumont and the Canal. It has been completely renewed and has a balcony with a nice view. The room is spacious and bright and a confortable sofa-bed for 2 is available in the living-room. Close to Eurostar station. This apartment has been completely renewed last year. It is spacious and bright and well located for buses (to go to Gare Saint-Lazare, Belleville, Saint Germain-des-Prés, Centre Pompidou, Rue de Rivoli or the Galeries Lafayette) and metros (Père-Lachaise, Ménilmontant, Champs Elysées, République, Arts et Métiers, Hôtel de Ville, Chatelet). It is near the Buttes Chaumont park, near the Canal Saint-Martin and from the top and the neighborhood there is a beautiful view on Paris.  There is access to the kitchen and the bathroom. The kitchen is all new with an oven and a dishwasher. The bathroom is also new with a tub and a combo washer dryer.  This area of Paris is very calm. There are cafés, parks and the Canal, very close to the apartment. Th
4547	1 real bed and 1  sofa bed.	"Nice 37m² bright flat. Lovely neighborhood, 3 min walk to Canal de l’Ourcq, 5 min des Buttes Chaumont. 4 min walk to the metro Laumière (line 5), 10 min walk to Jaurès/Stalingrad (lines 2+5+7). Supermark across the street. 1 real bed and 1  sofa bed. Metro line 5, station Laumière, 4 min walk.  Metro line 2+7 Jaurès/Stalingrad, 10 min walk. Bus 60, stop Jean-Jaurès - Lorraine, 1 min walk. Bicycle ""Vélib"" station at 50 meters. Cool neighborhood, picnic and pétanque near the Canal. Cinema 5 min walk. Parc de la Villette at 10 min walk. Buttes Chaumont at 5 min walk."
4548	The loft is located in the 19th district of Paris, in the north-east of the city, in a lively neighborhood between the Buttes Chaumont park and the Ourcq canal. As for you, you live in a 15m2 bedroom nested in this atypical quiet and comfortable 120m2 loft. The breakfast is supplied in our wide private space of 68m2.  The bedroom comfortably fits 2 adults.	Very quiet 15m2 bedroom in a comfortable loft, very near to the Ourcq metro station (line 5). Between the Ourcq canal (cruises), and the Buttes Chaumont fashionable park, close to La Villette and Philharmonic (concerts, expositions, shows, park). The loft is located in the 19th district of Paris, in the north-east of the city, in a lively neighborhood between the Buttes Chaumont park and the Ourcq canal. As for you, you live in a 15m2 bedroom nested in this atypical quiet and comfortable 120m2 loft. The breakfast is supplied in our wide private space of 68m2.  The bedroom comfortably fits 2 adults. Your bedroom is on the first floor, and is providing a wide closet and dresser, an office desk and a private bathroom with wide shower and toilets. You have to climb a small ladder to get to your full size bed up on a mezzanine. WiFi available and free. Cot and highchair for your child available (up to three years old) ! Celine and me love travelling and meeting new people : discovering diff
4549	A very quite and comfortable apartment for one to four (website hidden) is situated in front of Parc des buttes-Chaumont,a very large and romantic park Very suitable for visiting Paris with your family or friends; Tha apartment is composed with a lounge dining room with a comfortable sofa to sleep 2 people,one bed room with a large bed for 2 people,one equipped kitchen,one washing room with shower and toilet. Outside ,just to the door you have all supermarkets,bars and restaurants. Subway at 3 minutes.	A very quite and comfortable apartment for one to four (website hidden) is situated in front of Parc des buttes-Chaumont,a very large and romantic park Very suitable for visiting Paris with your family or friends; Tha apartment is composed with a lounge dining room with a comfortable sofa to sleep 2 people,one bed room with a large bed for 2 people,one equipped kitchen,one washing room with shower and toilet. Outside ,just to the door you have all supermarkets,bars and restaurants. Subway at 3 minutes.
4550	Tout en haut de la célèbre rue de Belleville, à 10 minutes du centre ville, un petit cocon de calme vous attend pour vous ressourcer après vos journées parisiennes. Quoi de mieux qu'une chambre spacieuse donnant sur terrasse et jardin ?	Bonjour !  Venez passer quelques jours dans mon cocon parisien, à 10 minutes de l'hypercentre de Paris... Mais au calme, dans un immeuble propre et récent, dans une chambre donnant sur terrasse et jardin ! A très vite,  Claire Tout en haut de la célèbre rue de Belleville, à 10 minutes du centre ville, un petit cocon de calme vous attend pour vous ressourcer après vos journées parisiennes. Quoi de mieux qu'une chambre spacieuse donnant sur terrasse et jardin ? Vous allez loger dans une chambre dédiée aux voyageurs et aux amis.  Même si je vis dans cet appartement, vous pouvez tout à fait utiliser les communs : cuisine, salle de bain, et même salon ! Bien sûr, vous pourrez également accéder à la terrasse et au jardin, qui sont privés et rattachés à l'immeuble. En fonction de vos besoins, je suis disposée à vous apporter tout type de conseils durant votre séjour (où faire ses courses ? quel restaurant choisir ? comment se repérer ? comment se déplacer ?). A 7 minutes en métro de Républiqu
4551	My place is located in a cool area, close to the center, easy if you want to visit Paris. I can host two persons comfortably.	"Hey I'm renting my place in Paris. It is perfect if you want to visit Paris, there many transport close by : Metro, bus, Velib… Every thing are accessible in the apartment : bed shower, kitchen, internet, washing machin... My place is located in a cool area, close to the center, easy if you want to visit Paris. I can host two persons comfortably. The guests will have access to the full apartment : bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and all equipments needed. Communication is important, so don""t hesitate to ask questions before arrival, you can still contact me during the stay. I will be here to give you the key but I will let you the place during the stay. The apartment is located between Montmartre and Canal de l'Ourq a very alive area, also close to the center and touristic attractions. Metro Stalingrad, line 2,5,7. 45 mins from the airport Charles de Gaules. You can also park a car downstairs. Don't hesitate to ask me any questions."
4552	Très calme  Confort moderne Ameublement minimaliste	Deux pièces avec terrasse dans immeuble récent de standing pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Situé à 100m du Parc des Buttes Chaumont et du métro . Venez profiter de ce logement tout équipé Très calme  Confort moderne Ameublement minimaliste Metro a 100m Parc des Buttes Chaumont 100m Commerces à proximité Oui si demande et affinités J'adore le Parc des Buttes Chaumont , c'est là que je m'entraîne pour la course à pied. Les commerces traditionnels de Jourdain ,  Les bistrots de quartier Métro à côté
4553	The apartment is quiet and safe, freshly painted, located on the third floor in a building with only permanent inhabitants. So the real Parisian ambiance marks it. With steel door and lock you won't have to worry for your belongings while visiting, partying and simply enjoying the city. The closest neighborhood is friendly, more than helpful and please note it! Seriously talkative! If you want to improve your french you should necessarily come by, try my chummy neighbors :P	The apartment is quiet and safe, freshly painted, located on the third floor in a building with only permanent inhabitants. So the real Parisian ambiance marks it. With steel door and lock you won't have to worry for your belongings while visiting, partying and simply enjoying the city. The closest neighborhood is friendly, more than helpful and please note it! Seriously talkative! If you want to improve your french you should necessarily come by, try my chummy neighbors :P You can use my bike, washingmachine hairdryer, telephone, food processor, juicer and juice squeezer, microwave etc. There is a fully equipped kitchen, complete with full size refrigerator, toaster, microwave and fully stocked cabinets with dishes, cookware and utensils. You can always reach me by an E-mail. I will answer you within couple hours, even if I'm abroad! There is every possible common transport nearby like several buses' lines, fast trains RER and 3 metro lines. Also, two stations of the municipal bikes a
4554	A 31m studio apartment which has been entirely renovated in 2012. Situated on the 5th floor and accessible by an elevator. Facing south, it is light throughout the day with a view to the canal. The building is calm and well maintained, with the surrounding area very quiet. The living room is dominated by a broad floor to ceiling window, with a balcony outside. The bedroom area is private, light and has a large double bed. The main living area is home to a large and very comfortable sofa surrounded by bookshelves full architecture and art books as week as novels and cooking books, should you be interested. The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven, a toaster, large fridge/freezer… everything you would need to cook if you feel like it. The bathroom has a bath, shower head, large basin and washing machine. A toilet is located in a separate room. About 5min walking: le parc de la Villette, le 104 (cultural centre), le parc des Buttes Chaumont home to the famous bar Rosa Bonheur, Cinéma MK2, le	A 31m studio apartment which has been entirely renovated in 2012. Situated on the 5th floor and accessible by an elevator. Facing south, it is light throughout the day with a view to the canal. The building is calm and well maintained, with the surrounding area very quiet. The living room is dominated by a broad floor to ceiling window, with a balcony outside. The bedroom area is private, light and has a large double bed. The main living area is home to a large and very comfortable sofa surrounded by bookshelves full architecture and art books as week as novels and cooking books, should you be interested. The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven, a toaster, large fridge/freezer… everything you would need to cook if you feel like it. The bathroom has a bath, shower head, large basin and washing machine. A toilet is located in a separate room. About 5min walking: le parc de la Villette, le 104 (cultural centre), le parc des Buttes Chaumont home to the famous bar Rosa Bonheur, Cinéma MK2, le
4555	This is a really quiet place, with nice neighbors and close to all facilities. There is one king size bed, one sofa bed, and two mattress if necessary. Wifi is included, with a TV, a stereo, and a DVD player. I would be really happy to share my knowledge of Paris, and advise you for the best restaurants, bars and clubs around the neighborhood. Multicultural neighborhood that became really trendy in the past years. On multiple points it is similar with Williamsburg and Bushwick in Brooklyn. 5 minutes walk from the Belleville Metro station with the 11th or 2nd lines. The bus and the city bikes (Vélib') are also available nearby. Cool :) There is one king size bed, one sofa bed, and two mattress if necessary. Wifi is included, with a TV, a stereo, and a DVD player. I would be really happy to share my knowledge of Paris, and advise you for the best restaurants, bars and clubs around the neighborhood. Multicultural neighborhood that became really trendy in the past years. On multiple points	I own a nice studio in Paris, in the dsctrict of Belleville. Close to the Buttes-Chaumont and République (2 subway stations). 30 square feet in the 
4556	**** Please, send me a message before to book **** **** Before to accept a reservation, I need to know the check-in/check-out time you want to be sure i can welcome you ****  This apartment is located in a rejuvenated neighbourhood in Paris – the 19th arrondissement (District), in a small calm and residential street. It's just next to the Bassin de la Villette (a great stretch of water 700 metres / 2100 feet long by 70 meter / 210 feet wide) and the Canal de l'Ourcq. As you will see, it's a nice and vibrant area and a lively hub of cultural and leisure activities.   Along the canal banks, you will find cinemas, restaurants, bars, boating and sailing activities, bike paths,... And during summer, you may enjoy a lot of free events, such as concerts, a music festival or an open air cinema festival at the Parc de la Villette. Apartment : 452 sqf (42m2) - 6th floor w/elevator. Accommodations for 4 guests (up to 5) : - 1 bedroom with one double-sized bed, - 1 living room with a convertible s	**** Please, send me a message before to book **** **** Before to accept a reservation, I need to know the check-in/check-out time you want to be sure i can welcome you ****  This apartment is located in a rejuvenated neighbourhood in Paris – the 19th arrondissement (District), in a small calm and residential street. It's just next to the Bassin de la Villette (a great stretch of water 700 metres / 2100 feet long by 70 meter / 210 feet wide) and the Canal de l'Ourcq. As you will see, it's a nice and vibrant area and a lively hub of cultural and leisure activities.   Along the canal banks, you will find cinemas, restaurants, bars, boating and sailing activities, bike paths,... And during summer, you may enjoy a lot of free events, such as concerts, a music festival or an open air cinema festival at the Parc de la Villette. Apartment : 452 sqf (42m2) - 6th floor w/elevator. Accommodations for 4 guests (up to 5) : - 1 bedroom with one double-sized bed, - 1 living room with a convertible s
4557	Grand studio de 31 mètres carrés, très confortable pour une ou deux personnes.  Petit balcon avec une vue sur le parc des Buttes Chaumont, un des plus beaux et plus grands espaces verts de Paris. 	Grand studio de 31 mètres carrés, très confortable pour une ou deux personnes. Petit balcon avec une vue sur le parc des Buttes Chaumont, un des plus beaux et plus grands espaces verts de Paris. Vous avez accès à tout ce qui se trouve dans l'appartement (à l'exception d'un placard). Côté cuisine, tout ce qui est nécessaire : vaisselle, frigo, congélateur, micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, grille-pain. Vous pourrez également utiliser sur place les produits de bases qui s’y trouvent (huiles, café, thé, sucre, produit vaisselle, sel&poivre).  Côté pratique : machiner à laver (avec lessive) et étendoir, serviettes, sèche-cheveux, codes Freewifi, télévision. Mon appartement est disponible lorsque je suis en déplacements hors de Paris, mais je resterai bien évidement joignable par téléphone et par mail pour toute question ou problèmes éventuels.  Quartier calme mais à quelques minutes à pied du quartier animé de Belleville. Commerces et restaurants à proximités.  L’appartement se trouve à 3
4558	Cet appartement lumineux  situé au 1er étage d'une résidence calme fait un peu plus de 30m2. Avec une entrée et une cuisine, la grande pièce à vivre est divisée en 2 avec un coin lit et un coin repas. La salle de bain a une baignoire et ressemble à .... Une salle de bain ! La terrasse fait 10m2 et vous y trouverez une table pou prendre vos petit déjeuners au soleil ! 	Petit studio de 30m2 avec sa terrasse dans une résidence calme et charmante.  Cet appartement lumineux  situé au 1er étage d'une résidence calme fait un peu plus de 30m2. Avec une entrée et une cuisine, la grande pièce à vivre est divisée en 2 avec un coin lit et un coin repas. La salle de bain a une baignoire et ressemble à .... Une salle de bain ! La terrasse fait 10m2 et vous y trouverez une table pou prendre vos petit déjeuners au soleil !  Accès à tout mon appartement et son garage !  Je suis très souvent absente pour le travail donc cet appartement est mon ancre que je partage avec les gens qui passent!  Le quartier est génial! Ça bouge près du Canal de l'Ourq, au 104 et à la Vilette. L'appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, sur la ligne 7 vous accédez à tout Paris!  La ligne 7, métro Crimée est à 50m de la résidence. Traversant Paris, la ligne 7 permet d'accéder à tout Paris. La ligne 7 passe par Gare de l'Est (10min). Le bus va directement à Gare du Nord en 20min.
4559	Three rooms of 67m2, in the 11th floor (with elevator!) of a modern building at the heart of the district of Belleville. Plate glass windows in every room offer an overhanging sight on all Paris - The Sacré Coeur, the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, etc. A balcony runs along the apartment and a place allows to have the coffee by dominating the city. The apartment can accommodate 5 people: 2 in the bedroom, 2 in the sofa bed, and 1 child ( 0-3 years) in the room of our son.	At the heart of the lively district Belleville, a very luminous apartment in the 11th floor, with a balcony all around. A cosy room for 2 persons, a room for a baby (0-3 year) and a living room with a confortable sofa for 2. Very well served Three rooms of 67m2, in the 11th floor (with elevator!) of a modern building at the heart of the district of Belleville. Plate glass windows in every room offer an overhanging sight on all Paris - The Sacré Coeur, the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, etc. A balcony runs along the apartment and a place allows to have the coffee by dominating the city. The apartment can accommodate 5 people: 2 in the bedroom, 2 in the sofa bed, and 1 child ( 0-3 years) in the room of our son. The whole apartment is at disposal of the hosts. WiFi, TV, hi-fi system (many CD and DVD). Fully equipped kitchen (electric oven, microwaves, toaster, mixer, machine to make sparkling water, etc.) in which it is possible to have a quick snack. N
4560		"The room like the appartment is very bright and is thus very pleasant to live in. It is located on the fifth floor with lift 5 minutes walking to the subway station Place des Fêtes (line 11), and in front of the subway station Pré-Saint-Gervais (line 7 bis). The splendid ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"" is located only 5 minutes on foot from the appartment. You will have access to a fully equipped kitchen and to the Wifi. The appartment is to be shared with my really nice roomate, Thomas."
4561		Agréable duplex de 74m2, très lumineux à 100m du canal de l'ourcq. Grande pièce à vivre avec cheminée. Chambre privée, lit canapé très confortable. Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. A deux pas du parc de la villette et des buttes chaumont.
4562	"The bed room available is 12m2, has all during the day daylight and sun from 9.30 am. There is just at the moment an air mattress and not a lot of place to range clothes..but it is very nice flat and it would fit perfectly for people who wants to visit a lot and spending just the night in the room. As well as people who likes camping. Beside this fact, bathroom has a shower and wc, Kitchen is equipped and you share the flat with a nice flatmate. The flat is 60,50m2 and quite nice with old parquet and white high celling. Transport: M7 stop: Corentin Cariou.  The area is ""populaire"", in the street you can find a lot of shops and few restaurants, but the best is to follow the canal saint Martin and you will get to the place Jaures where a lot of activities, cinemas, restaurants by the river. You also have the ""Parc de la Villette"", with science and industry museum, a big parc and concert places."	"The bed room available is 12m2, has all during the day daylight and sun from 9.30 am. There is just at the moment an air mattress and not a lot of place to range clothes..but it is very nice flat and it would fit perfectly for people who wants to visit a lot and spending just the night in the room. As well as people who likes camping. Beside this fact, bathroom has a shower and wc, Kitchen is equipped and you share the flat with a nice flatmate. The flat is 60,50m2 and quite nice with old parquet and white high celling. Transport: M7 stop: Corentin Cariou.  The area is ""populaire"", in the street you can find a lot of shops and few restaurants, but the best is to follow the canal saint Martin and you will get to the place Jaures where a lot of activities, cinemas, restaurants by the river. You also have the ""Parc de la Villette"", with science and industry museum, a big parc and concert places."
4563	Live the authentic parisian BOBO (bohemian bourgeois) experience : Splendid loft designed by owners (architect & photographer) in Paris Belleville : 90 sq meters, eiffel structure, second floor A Living room of 60 sq meter + One bedroom + 2 alcoves ( with a double bed each) and possibility of a third double bed on a mezzanine (6-8 persons, perfect for 4-6 adults and some kids). Baby bed avaible. A dressing room and a small office.  Big bathroom including a bathtub and the shower you have always dreamed of. Huge windows, very clear, beautiful light. 2 hammocks. Big dining table (you can invite up to 12 persons for dinner) Wifi, stereo music, washing machine, dryer, dish washer, oven. Including 2 liters of olive oil from sicily (watch out, you’ll get addicted to it !) Including Paris special guide by the owner (with adresses of all the best restaurants, bars, cafés, sport centers, parks, bakeries, wine bars and organic bio-shops in the area!) including Breakfast reserves 2.000 books (lit	Live the authentic parisian BOBO (bohemian bourgeois) experience : Splendid loft designed by owners (architect & photographer) in Paris Belleville  Live the authentic parisian BOBO (bohemian bourgeois) experience : Splendid loft designed by owners (architect & photographer) in Paris Belleville : 90 sq meters, eiffel structure, second floor A Living room of 60 sq meter + One bedroom + 2 alcoves ( with a double bed each) and possibility of a third double bed on a mezzanine (6-8 persons, perfect for 4-6 adults and some kids). Baby bed avaible. A dressing room and a small office.  Big bathroom including a bathtub and the shower you have always dreamed of. Huge windows, very clear, beautiful light. 2 hammocks. Big dining table (you can invite up to 12 persons for dinner) Wifi, stereo music, washing machine, dryer, dish washer, oven. Including 2 liters of olive oil from sicily (watch out, you’ll get addicted to it !) Including Paris special guide by the owner (with adresses of all the best r
4564	"The apartment is large and gets a lot of light. We have a 30m² living room ""loft style"", with East and West exposure. The kitchen is ready to use and very modern. You get one double bedroom and a baby/child bedroom in which an adult can sleep as well. You won't be bothered: there are no other apartments on this floor."	"Just next to the canal Saint Martin, our apartment is very spacious and comfortable. With the metro, you can get to the centre of Paris in 15 minutes. We have a double room and a child /baby room, and eveything you need to to take care of a baby! The apartment is large and gets a lot of light. We have a 30m² living room ""loft style"", with East and West exposure. The kitchen is ready to use and very modern. You get one double bedroom and a baby/child bedroom in which an adult can sleep as well. You won't be bothered: there are no other apartments on this floor. Our apartment offers every convenience a traveler needs: washer, dryer, Wifi Internet connection. You can come with a baby or a child : changing table, small bathtub, park, etc. We have a baby bed and a bigger child bed! You can phone or email us at any moment of your stay. The neighborhood lets you discover a quite unknown and amazing side of Paris : at the ""Bassin de la Villette"" and the ""canal Saint Martin"", you will find a pe"
4565	Situé juste en bas des Buttes Chaumont, ce studio est très agréable à vivre.  Il se situe au carrefour du 19e, 10e, 11e et 20e.  Au 5 étage (avec ascenseur), il est lumineux et paisible.  Stations à deux pas: Colonel Fabien, Jaurès, Bolivar: Lignes 2, 5, 7 bis.  Je ferai la visite du studio et laisserai les clefs pour les récupérer à la fin du séjour.  C'est un quartier calme et très agréable : le parc  des Buttes Chaumont, la rue Bolivar et tous ses commerces de quartier, le canal saint martin.  Métros Colonel Fabien, Jaurès. 	Situé juste en bas des Buttes Chaumont, ce studio est très agréable à vivre.  Il se situe au carrefour du 19e, 10e, 11e et 20e.  Au 5 étage (avec ascenseur), il est lumineux et paisible.  Stations à deux pas: Colonel Fabien, Jaurès, Bolivar: Lignes 2, 5, 7 bis.  Situé juste en bas des Buttes Chaumont, ce studio est très agréable à vivre.  Il se situe au carrefour du 19e, 10e, 11e et 20e.  Au 5 étage (avec ascenseur), il est lumineux et paisible.  Stations à deux pas: Colonel Fabien, Jaurès, Bolivar: Lignes 2, 5, 7 bis.  Je ferai la visite du studio et laisserai les clefs pour les récupérer à la fin du séjour.  C'est un quartier calme et très agréable : le parc  des Buttes Chaumont, la rue Bolivar et tous ses commerces de quartier, le canal saint martin.  Métros Colonel Fabien, Jaurès.  Je ferai la visite du studio et laisserai les clefs pour les récupérer à la fin du séjour.  C'est un quartier calme et très agréable : le parc  des Buttes Chaumont, la rue Bolivar et tous ses commerces d
4566		Cosy studio closed to the Paris city center ! Nice and enjoyable place to enjoy the beauty of the city. I want you to feel like at home in a foreign country/city.
4567	The studio is 25 m2 and located at the 3rd and last floor of a 1930's building. The main room has one very comfy futon, a parisian table, cute chairs and a closet for your own stuff! The kitchen is fully equiped, you will find a fridge, a sink, a oven, an eletric stove, a coffee machine, a tea pot, a toaster, a blender and even shakers if you feel in a cocktail mood. The bathroom is small but effective: shower and toilets.  	This 25m2 studio is located in the cool and relax 19th arrondissement of Paris. Caught between the Bassin de la Villette and the Buttes Chaumont park, it's the perfect place to be in the summer! The studio is 25 m2 and located at the 3rd and last floor of a 1930's building. The main room has one very comfy futon, a parisian table, cute chairs and a closet for your own stuff! The kitchen is fully equiped, you will find a fridge, a sink, a oven, an eletric stove, a coffee machine, a tea pot, a toaster, a blender and even shakers if you feel in a cocktail mood. The bathroom is small but effective: shower and toilets.  You can access and use pretty much everything that's in the flat! There are loads of books and films on the shelves that you should feel free to use. Even some wine bottles that you should definitely try (just if you empty them all, maybe buy some few more ones)! I'm renting the flat during my holidays (as a teacher, i have some) so i won't be around while you stay there but
4568		Rez de jardin en duplex de 120 m2 très calme donnant sur allée arborée. Situé au bord du canal de l'Ourcq et tout proche du métro. Une vraie campagne à Paris. Déco inspirée.
4569	Je parle anglais. Mon appartement est situé au centre de Paris à côté du métro et des bus  20 min de l aéroport CDG  Appartement très confortable avec équipent pour bébé.  2 chambres avec double couchage soit 4 pers  Appart 5 pièces de 100 m2 / 2  chambres/  salon / salle à manger / cuisine équipée/salle de bain équipe/ balcon   Au cœur de Paris face au jardin des buttes Chaumont. Paris 19ème Possibilite de cuisiner seulement Cachere  Possibilite de faire votre guide dans Paris avec ma voiture 	Je parle anglais. Mon appartement est situé au centre de Paris à côté du métro et des bus  Face du parc   Appartement de 100m2   2 chambres avec double lit  TV plasma possibilité lit de bébé  Système alarme  Petit déjeuner inclus Je parle anglais. Mon appartement est situé au centre de Paris à côté du métro et des bus  20 min de l aéroport CDG  Appartement très confortable avec équipent pour bébé.  2 chambres avec double couchage soit 4 pers  Appart 5 pièces de 100 m2 / 2  chambres/  salon / salle à manger / cuisine équipée/salle de bain équipe/ balcon   Au cœur de Paris face au jardin des buttes Chaumont. Paris 19ème Possibilite de cuisiner seulement Cachere  Possibilite de faire votre guide dans Paris avec ma voiture Bus n°60 Bus n°75 Bus n°48 Métro ligne 5 Possibilite de cuisiner seulement Cachere  Possibilite de faire votre guide dans Paris avec ma voiture Quartier populaire  proche tous commerces  mairie, poste, banques , restaurants, supermarchés, pharmacies  cet.... Bus ou métro
4570	Quatre pièces familial, avec vue dégagée. Lumineux et confortable.  Il peut accueillir confortablement un couple avec deux ou trois enfants.   Il dispose d'une chambre d'adulte, d'un salon avec cuisine américaine, et de deux chambres d'enfants.  Un canapé-lit deux places est disponible dans le salon, et un canapé-lit une place dans une des chambres d'enfant. Un garage est à votre disposition si vous venez en voiture (sur demande).	Une belle vue sur l'est parisien dans un appartement familial, à deux minutes de la Villette et 5 minutes des Buttes Chaumont. Idéal pour les familles voulant visiter Paris tout en profitant du calme des parcs et du canal de l'Ourcq. Quatre pièces familial, avec vue dégagée. Lumineux et confortable.  Il peut accueillir confortablement un couple avec deux ou trois enfants.   Il dispose d'une chambre d'adulte, d'un salon avec cuisine américaine, et de deux chambres d'enfants.  Un canapé-lit deux places est disponible dans le salon, et un canapé-lit une place dans une des chambres d'enfant. Un garage est à votre disposition si vous venez en voiture (sur demande). Vous aurez accès à notre appartement tel que nous y vivons quotidiennement. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Si notre appartement est disponible, c'est que nous sommes en vacances. Il est donc probable que nous ne puissions pas vous rencontrer directement. Ce qui n'empêche pas les échanges. En se promenant au bord du can
4571	Peaceful after a full day in Paris	130m2(1,4sf) on three levels. Downstairs large living space Kitchen,dining and living area open to a terrace. Upstairs at one side large bedroom open bathroomwc on the other side smaller bedroom indepandant bathroomwc 3floor tv room little sofa bed. Peaceful after a full day in Paris The whole house is yours (130m2). Youll will find an auxiliary bed under the single bed in the smaller bedroom if you need it and  one little sofa bed on the third floor We are surrunded by culturel spot : Le parc de la Villette, des Buttes Chaumont, the new Philharmonic Hall, The 104 (Contemporary Art Center) and also Paris Plage at summer time (one month between July August).  Many bars, restaurants, for busy nightlife :-)) You will find choice of supermarket, and at 3mn walking the subway line 7 witch take you in 15mn at the center of Paris. (Opéra, Louvre, Chatelet Les Halles, Beaubourg, Bastille...) Easy acces from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Gare du Nord or Gare de l'Est. Subway line 7  Bed sheets & t
4572		A very spacious flat of 92 square meters, 100 meters away from the subway (line 11, directly 6 minutes to République and 10 minutes to Hotel de Ville(le Marais). Only 400 meters from the most beautiful park in Paris, Buttes Chaumont. Line 11 and line 7bis. Tramway and 2 buses.
4573		Je loue mon appartement de 35 m2, clair et calme, une chambre avec lit double, salon, cuisine équipée ( gazière, lave-linge), et salle de bain. Il est situé dans le quartier de la mouzaia dans le 19ème. Proche des transports, metro, tram et bus.
4574	Small cabinet(office) of curiosity.	Small cabinet(office) of curiosity. stubble.  Not very far either you will find the park of Belleville, beautiful view on Paris. Subway Belleville in 15mn with its small Chinese district. Not far they are the terraces of Tunisians the businesses are many. The subway is direct to arrive in the center of Paris line 11 (subway the Jordan and Pyrenees) My studio is situated in a quiet district. Very pleasant by his(her) population and his(her) bars of district. Exceptional by his(her,its) coeducation(mixing), its cultural diversity: former(old) working-class district, become popular, trendy lefty, with artistic character.  Not far from a street and from a district very alive, high Belleville. And between big two park overhanging Paris. Many artists live there. Subway station :  7bis: Buttes Chaumons and Botzaris 11: Jourdain ou Pyrénées, Ligne direct jusqu'au centre de Paris (République et Châtelet les Halles) Bus : Walk 10 mn , Transport by bus le n° 26 ( Station St Lazard //  Station du 
4575	Ce studio est situé dans un quartier très plaisant de Paris. Au 2ème étage, sans ascenseur, il est composé de 2 pièces, lumineuses, bien agencées et est tout équipé: canapé lit 2 places (type BZ), four/micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, machine à laver, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, cafetière, grille pain, radio,.... La salle de bain comprend un lavabo, une baignoire et des WC. 	A 4 minutes à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont, au fond d'une cour fleurie, ce studio de 22m², tout confort est un un lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris. Appartement très lumineux avec accès sécurisé, il vous apportera tout le confort nécessaire. Ce studio est situé dans un quartier très plaisant de Paris. Au 2ème étage, sans ascenseur, il est composé de 2 pièces, lumineuses, bien agencées et est tout équipé: canapé lit 2 places (type BZ), four/micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, machine à laver, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, cafetière, grille pain, radio,.... La salle de bain comprend un lavabo, une baignoire et des WC.  Aucune restriction, vous aurez accès à la totalité du logement et de ses équipements (frigo, micro-ondes, grille pain, internet wifi, douche, machine à laver....) A leur convenance ( présence sur place à la remise des clés, par mail et/ou par téléphone) Situé dans un quartier très vivant avec de nombreux commerces à proximité (superette, boulangerie, boucherie, tabac, bars, re
4576	The flat is located on the 6th floor of an old parisian style building equiped with an elevator. It offers a view over chesnut trees and parisian roofs south east. The sun comes in each room in the morning. Renovated in spring 2015 it offers a colourfull interior decorating. You will enjoy the peacefull and relaxing atmosphere in a lively and parisian authentic aera. Each room opens on the small hallway. The bedroom is equiped with a double bed and a desk. The kitchen has gas hotplates and oven, and a washing machine. The small but functional bathroom includes an italian shower. The living room offers a reading corner where you can relax on tatamis mats.	Charming 41 m2 rooftop flat (6th floor, elevator), well lit, overlooking trees and typical Paris roofs. Near Belleville area. Direct metro acces to Châtelet (20 mn).  Feel like true Parisians in this flat well suited for a couple. The flat is located on the 6th floor of an old parisian style building equiped with an elevator. It offers a view over chesnut trees and parisian roofs south east. The sun comes in each room in the morning. Renovated in spring 2015 it offers a colourfull interior decorating. You will enjoy the peacefull and relaxing atmosphere in a lively and parisian authentic aera. Each room opens on the small hallway. The bedroom is equiped with a double bed and a desk. The kitchen has gas hotplates and oven, and a washing machine. The small but functional bathroom includes an italian shower. The living room offers a reading corner where you can relax on tatamis mats. The entire flat is at your disposal. Sleeping room with a cupboard and bed drawers for your belongings, Li
4577	Quartier très agréable au bord de l'eau - Péniches Proche de la place du Marché les jeudis et dimanches (20 mètres)	Bel appart avec balcon et vue sur le canal PARKING INCLUS très cosy pour deux personnes Cuisine équipée Salon avec canapé lit Bassin de la Villette, Péniches, Parc de la Villette, Zénith Cinéma, proche transports commerces Quartier très agréable au bord de l'eau - Péniches Proche de la place du Marché les jeudis et dimanches (20 mètres) Cuisine - salon - salle de bains - toilettes - balcon - parking Barbecue électrique Je suis disponible pour répondre à toutes vos questions par téléphone ou mail Bassin de la Villette Métro - tramway - voiture - bateau Tv - internet
4578	My apartment is totally unique, it's a mini recording studio fully soundproof room, perfect for home musicians-composers visiting Paris. My apartment is very spacious and bright, has a very large living room and all the amenities. Also ideal for couples on holiday wishing to discover the beautiful and friendly neighborhood of Belleville and Buttes Chaumont.	Very close to Village-Jourdain and Buttes-Chaumont! In a beautiful Haussmann building, my apartment atypical 2 rooms has wooden floors and molding. On the ground floor on a beautiful courtyard garden, ideal artist, composer, bohemian couples. My apartment is totally unique, it's a mini recording studio fully soundproof room, perfect for home musicians-composers visiting Paris. My apartment is very spacious and bright, has a very large living room and all the amenities. Also ideal for couples on holiday wishing to discover the beautiful and friendly neighborhood of Belleville and Buttes Chaumont. The entire apartment! If I'm not in Paris, I could at any time inform you and answer all your questions! My property is close to the Buttes Chaumont, 5 minutes from Belleville and the shopping street, 200 meters from the Market Place des fêtes, and in front of the old studios of television. My apartment is very close to the subway Jourdain (line 11) or Botzaris (line 7bis). (website hidden)
4579		Duplex parisien  5/6éme étage 125 m 1 grand Salon 5 chambres 2 Toilettes 2 salle de bains Cuisine équipée Sol parquet Vue Aerienne sur le canal de l'Ourq A 30 mètres du Metro Stalingrad A 20 mètres De Cinéma, cafés,  Restaurant 
4580	Appartement de 45m2, très propre et lumineux, avec parquet et cheminées, entièrement rénové en avril 2015 ! Le quartier est paisible (l'appartement est en face d'un parc) et la rue du télégraphe est très calme, elle est séparée du boulevard de Belleville.  Vous pourrez profiter du salon (env. 20 mètres carrés avec un canapé 3 places, une télévision et une table basse). La salle de bain complètement neuve (avec baignoire). Je fournis les draps et les serviettes de bain. La cuisine (frigo, machine Nespresso..), la machine à laver, étendoir à linge, un fer à repasser sont à votre disposition. Évidemment, vous aurez accès au wifi.	A seulement 10 mètres du metro (station Télégraphe - ligne 11 ) ! En empruntant le métro, vous serez à 15/20 min environ du centre de Paris et du quartier du Marais (stations Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet). La ligne 11 est très pratique car elle est très courte et donc très rapide et rejoint différentes stations stratégiques pour effectuer des correspondances, comme châtelet, Belleville ou République, où vous pourrez faire pratiquement tous vos changements. Appartement de 45m2, très propre et lumineux, avec parquet et cheminées, entièrement rénové en avril 2015 ! Le quartier est paisible (l'appartement est en face d'un parc) et la rue du télégraphe est très calme, elle est séparée du boulevard de Belleville.  Vous pourrez profiter du salon (env. 20 mètres carrés avec un canapé 3 places, une télévision et une table basse). La salle de bain complètement neuve (avec baignoire). Je fournis les draps et les serviettes de bain. La cuisine (frigo, machine Nespresso..), la machine à laver, étendo
4581	Studio of 20 sq meters with all you need to make your stay perfect. Perfect for 2 The calendar is always up to date and dates available are the days I'm away.  Located near the Crimee metro on line 7 and overlooking a courtyard, it comprises a main room which has been converted into the bedroom with a bed and a wardrobe corner and another room used as lounge area with a small coffee table. The kitchen is small but is equipped with the main amenities for you to enjoy breakfast and even dinner if you feel like cooking. A thrown stone away from the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Buttes Chaumont in the 19th arrondissement. Chill by the Canal or in the park des Buttes Chaumont on a sunny day and bring your own picnic or enjoy a drink or two at one of many bars around the area. You can also catch the latest movies at the nearby cinemas.  For the sporty ones you can either walk or ride your bike along the Canal and go from La Villette to Meaux (which is about 130 kms). Also nearby the CENTQUATRE (n	Studio of 20 sq meters with all you need to make your stay perfect. Perfect for 2 The calendar is always up to date and dates available are the days I'm away.  Located near the Crimee metro on line 7 and overlooking a courtyard, it comprises a main room which has been converted into the bedroom with a bed and a wardrobe corner and another room used as lounge area with a small coffee table. The kitchen is small but is equipped with the main amenities for you to enjoy breakfast and even dinner if you feel like cooking. A thrown stone away from the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Buttes Chaumont in the 19th arrondissement. Chill by the Canal or in the park des Buttes Chaumont on a sunny day and bring your own picnic or enjoy a drink or two at one of many bars around the area. You can also catch the latest movies at the nearby cinemas.  For the sporty ones you can either walk or ride your bike along the Canal and go from La Villette to Meaux (which is about 130 kms). Also nearby the CENTQUATRE (n
4582	Chambre sympatique proche de toutes commodités. Très facile d'accès, et très centrale (3 lignes de métros à proximité)	Chambre au premier étage d'un immeuble sympathique, comprenant tout le charme de l'ancien: parquet, moulures, cheminée. Très lumineuse le matin et très confortable, elle saura vous acceuillir pour un court voyage (une semaine).  Appartement proche d'un des arrondissements les plus prisés de Paris (11ème arr), vous n'avez qu'un pas pour vous baladez le long du bassin de la Villette, des Buttes Chaumonts ou du Canal Saint Martin. Chambre sympatique proche de toutes commodités. Très facile d'accès, et très centrale (3 lignes de métros à proximité) Vous aurez ainsi accès à la chambre, la cuisine, la salle de bain, les toilettes sépaés Je serai sur Paris durant votre séjour, et reste à votre disponibilités pour toute aide ou autres bons plans. A mi-chemin etre le 19eme, le 10eme, et le 11eme vous aurez accès aux buttes chaumonts très facilement, ainsi qu'au parc de la Vilette et surtout du canal saint martin. Plein de bars, restaurants très sympathiques et peu excessifs à deux pas (n'hésite
4583	This charming apartment in métro Jourdain, Paris, is perfect for a family or two couples of friends. Very luminous at the 5th floor, it has every thing to feel good and comfortable. The neighborhood is typically parisien with a lot of traditional food shops but also supermarkets and little outside cafés.	This charming apartment in métro Jourdain, Paris, is perfect for a family or two couples of friends. Very luminous at the 5th floor of a typical parisien building, it has every thing to feel good, comfortable and french ;) This charming apartment in métro Jourdain, Paris, is perfect for a family or two couples of friends. Very luminous at the 5th floor, it has every thing to feel good and comfortable. The neighborhood is typically parisien with a lot of traditional food shops but also supermarkets and little outside cafés. The neighborhood is typically parisien with a lot of traditional food shops but also supermarkets and little outside cafés.
4584	Notre immeuble date du début du 20ème siècle. Notre appartement possède encore le charme de l'époque avec son parquet, ses cheminées, ses grands miroirs et ses moulures au plafond. 	"Appartement de 70 m² disposant d'un salon commun et de 3 chambres doubles. Aux portes du parc de La Villette, à 10 min des Buttes Chaumont, à 30 m du métro Porte de Pantin (ligne 5). Chambre dispo variable selon la date choisie""!! Notre immeuble date du début du 20ème siècle. Notre appartement possède encore le charme de l'époque avec son parquet, ses cheminées, ses grands miroirs et ses moulures au plafond.  Chez nous, sentez-vous chez vous! Vous avez accès au salon, au pièces d'eau et à la cuisine, où vous pouvez à souhait mijoter vos petits plats. Frigo, four, vaisselle, ainsi que nos condiments épices et placards sont à votre disposition. Un jeu de clé vous sera également remis pour aller et venir à votre guise. Nous serons toujours ravis d'échanger avec nos hôtes qui le souhaitent, et de faire découvrir toutes les beautés et possibilités offertes par la capitale française! Notre quartier est très vivant. Nous sommes aux portes du parc de La Villette avec la Cité des sciences, la C"
4585	My house is 48m2 / 516 sqm : - 1 bedroom with fireplace (not working, decorative), overlooking a school yard - 1 living room facing west : beautiful lighting in the afternoon and gorgeous sunsets - Independent kitchen, with all you need for a great meal. - 1 long corridor with tons of books The apartment is cosy and warm, with all you need for a nice stay. It is artfully decorated: I am an art lover and gourmet cook, and I believe that shines in the apartment. Gay / Lesbian friendly	My house is 48m2 / 516 sqm : - 1 bedroom with fireplace (not working, decorative), overlooking a school yard - 1 living room facing west : beautiful lighting in the afternoon and gorgeous sunsets - Independent kitchen, with all you need for a great m My house is 48m2 / 516 sqm : - 1 bedroom with fireplace (not working, decorative), overlooking a school yard - 1 living room facing west : beautiful lighting in the afternoon and gorgeous sunsets - Independent kitchen, with all you need for a great meal. - 1 long corridor with tons of books The apartment is cosy and warm, with all you need for a nice stay. It is artfully decorated: I am an art lover and gourmet cook, and I believe that shines in the apartment. Gay / Lesbian friendly I will help you find anything you need, provide all information about the apartment and will share tips about places (where and how to go) as well as a map and guide ! I will be close by, so easily reachable Ideally located : - Direct subway ride to Central Par
4586	45m2 toutes commodités  Une vue incroyable sur tout paris depuis le dernier étage d'une tour au bord du canal / Amazing view all over Paris from the last floor of a high building on top of the Canal	Last floor of a tower near the canal. AMAZING view : Montmartre Cosy nice vintage appartement
4587	Bienvenue chez nous! Nous vous proposons notre salon bien isolé du reste de l'appartement. Il est équipé d'un canapé-lit très confortable, et convient parfaitement pour 2 personnes. 	Saloon with balcony located in a pedestrian street in the Stalingrad area between the Bassin de la Villette, 104 (cultural and popular place) and the Canal St-Martin. Well served by three subway lines and many bus lines.
4588		bel appart refait à neuf tout équipé dans une rue calme, à deux pas du parc des buttes de Chaumont à 5 mn à pied de la place de la république très bien desservi (lignes 2,5 et 7bis, bus 75 et 26) il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes
4589		Jardin. Parking. Proche métro et tous commerces
4590	Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, avec tomettes au sol, situé à quelques mètres seulement de la Cité des Sciences et de l'industrie. 	2 pièces de 38 m2 Métro Corentin Cariou ligne 7 Cuisine aménagée et équipée frigo, machine à laver, plaque et four.Vaisselle. Séjour avec canapé clic clac, tv, box internet, Wifi. Chambre avec dressing, salle de bain attenante, douche italienne. Appartement entièrement refait à neuf, avec tomettes au sol, situé à quelques mètres seulement de la Cité des Sciences et de l'industrie. 1 grand salon, 1 chambre avec Salle de douche attenante, 1 cuisine toute équipée Metro Ligne 7  Corentin Carriou
4591	Profitez d'un jardin suspendu à Paris est assez rare! Les bienfaits du jacuzzi appréciables... Le calme, la luminositée Parking........	"Retrouvez le calme de la campagne dans cet appartement atypique et refait à neuf Situé à deux pas de ""La petite Amsterdam""près du Bassin de la Villette et proche de toutes commodités. A 20mn en Metro de Châtelet d'Opera , 15 mn de Montmartre.... Profitez d'un jardin suspendu à Paris est assez rare! Les bienfaits du jacuzzi appréciables... Le calme, la luminositée Parking........ Le plus possible! C'est un quartier très vivant et populaire qui s'est transformé très vite avec l'amènagement du bassin de la villette( restaurants, cinema, ,bar peniche) attirant de plus en plus de ""Bobo"" L'ouverture du centre artistique"" Le 104"" participe à ce phénomène! Metro Crimée ligne 7 (5mn à pieds) 15mn du centre Vélo à disposition Possibilité de garer sa voiture sur demande! Cet appartement n'est pas à louer pour des fêtes ou des réceptions!!!!!!"
4592	Maison de ville indépendante , ancien atelier d’artiste, grand volume style loft.  Au coeur du quartier trendy d’Oberkampf et du Paris populaire de Belleville / Ménilmontant.  Accès par une cour privée et calme : Maison de ville  indépendante : 1 loft au rez-de-chaussé avec les chambres au 1er étage avec votre propre escalier à intérieur du loft. Au rez-de-chaussée, vaste espace de 90 m2 en pierres apparentes et sous une verrière ensoleillée, comprenant 3 zones de vie : - Une cuisine / bar américain  entièrement équipée : tout confort (four, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, grille-pain, micro-onde, etc.) pour les petits-déjeuners et dîners. - Un grand espace détente avec grand sofa sous verrière  - Un coin sofa / TV , plus un coin a première chambre : 1 grand lit de 160 cm de large, avec grande salle de bain ( baignoire, douche, évier, wc, machine à laver le linge et sèche-linge, sèche-cheveux) Au premier étage : - La suite parentale confortable et spacieuse : Grand lit double de 160 cm de l	Vast Loft of 160 m2, on private cour, calm,  in popular and fashion area of Belleville/Oberkampf or large family or two couples, vast salon sun,american kitchen, previously artist cabine, Near Restaurants, Bars, théâtre, Bus, 3 Métro. Wifi/ TV    
4593	Charmant appartement dans une ancienne imprimerie. Un havre de paix et cosy dans Paris. Quartier du 19ème arrondissement, la Villette, à l'angle du Canal de l'Ourcq : le nouvel endroit branché ! 10 minutes à pieds du canal Saint Martin et du Parc des buttes chaumonts. très bien desservit par le métro ligne 7 et 5, pistes cyclables le long du canal. L'appartement comprend 2 pièces : Salon / Cuisine américaine et Chambre. avec un couloir et un grand dressing. salle de douche avec WC.  très bien agencé. volume et espace. ATTENTION : Les draps et serviettes sont fournis à la demande. 10€ par personnes. La location du linge de maison est facultatif, vous préciserez si vous prendrez les vôtres ou celui de l appartement. A bientot à Paris	Charmant appartement calme et cosy ! Chambre + salon / très bien équipée / 19ème arrondissement, la Villette, Canal de l'Ourcq : le nouvel endroit branché ! 10 minutes à pieds du canal Saint Martin et du Parc des Buttes Chaumont Charmant appartement dans une ancienne imprimerie. Un havre de paix et cosy dans Paris. Quartier du 19ème arrondissement, la Villette, à l'angle du Canal de l'Ourcq : le nouvel endroit branché ! 10 minutes à pieds du canal Saint Martin et du Parc des buttes chaumonts. très bien desservit par le métro ligne 7 et 5, pistes cyclables le long du canal. L'appartement comprend 2 pièces : Salon / Cuisine américaine et Chambre. avec un couloir et un grand dressing. salle de douche avec WC.  très bien agencé. volume et espace. ATTENTION : Les draps et serviettes sont fournis à la demande. 10€ par personnes. La location du linge de maison est facultatif, vous préciserez si vous prendrez les vôtres ou celui de l appartement. A bientot à Paris Métro Ligne 5 Ourcq et Ligne 
4594		3 pièces de 70 m2 remis à neuf récemment. L'appartement se trouve à 100 mètres du parc des Buttes Chaumont et du métro ! De nombreux commerces aux alentours et un quartier très agréable. 20 min en métro du centre de Paris
4595	Chambre avec lit 140x190 Canapé convertible dans le salon 160x190 Chambre d'enfant jusqu'à 10 ans environ 80x160 Possibilité d'utiliser un lit parapluie dans la chambre des parents (avec un vrai matelas) pour un bébé. 	T3 (59m2) calme et lumineux au RDC à 3 minutes du parc des Buttes Chaumont.  Grande pièce à vivre de 27 m2 avec cuisine bien équipée. Parquet, belle hauteur sous plafond. La chambre d'enfant peut accueillir un enfant jusqu'à 10 ans. Lit parapluie. Chambre avec lit 140x190 Canapé convertible dans le salon 160x190 Chambre d'enfant jusqu'à 10 ans environ 80x160 Possibilité d'utiliser un lit parapluie dans la chambre des parents (avec un vrai matelas) pour un bébé. Tout vous est accessible: vous êtes chez nous comme chez vous. - coin bureau : ordinateur, connexion wifi - au salon: TV, DVD, livres - dans la cuisine: produits de base, thé, café , aromates - pour les enfants: jeux, livres, trottinette - dans la salle de bains: machine à laver, sèche linge, sèche cheveux -chaise haute  Nous ne serons pas présents pendant l'échange mais serons disponibles avant pour répondre à toute question par mail ou par téléphone et laisserons une liste des commerces et de nos lieux préférés. Le quartier es
4596	We love our loft. It was designed by an architect who renovated an old factory. There are still exposed beam in Eiffel style. There is 4,20 m height under ceiling in 40% of our loft. It gives a nice feeling of space, air and comfort. There is two floors, on the first one, you have the living room with a 4m high library plenty of books to read in english and french, like in a book shop or like at the university la Sorbonne, then you have  the kitchen, a terrace of 10 square meters where we like to spend some time for the aperitif in the summer time. There is also a room and a bathroom.  On the second floor there is one room with a bathroom and a room for watching TV (there is a bed also)   - Fast & free WiFi access.  - Big Television - screen to plug if you are bringing your laptop.  - Free telephone worldwide to landline numbers (NO Mobil-phones)  - Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, full oven, fridge/freezer, Fruit presser, dishwasher and everything you need to cook and enjoy a de	Our loft is 100 square meters, quiet, comfortable, designed by an architect, has 3 rooms, 2 bath rooms and a terrace. We are 10 minutes from the center ”Chatelet” with the metro, 5 minutes walk from one of the biggest park in Paris We love our loft. It was designed by an architect who renovated an old factory. There are still exposed beam in Eiffel style. There is 4,20 m height under ceiling in 40% of our loft. It gives a nice feeling of space, air and comfort. There is two floors, on the first one, you have the living room with a 4m high library plenty of books to read in english and french, like in a book shop or like at the university la Sorbonne, then you have  the kitchen, a terrace of 10 square meters where we like to spend some time for the aperitif in the summer time. There is also a room and a bathroom.  On the second floor there is one room with a bathroom and a room for watching TV (there is a bed also)   - Fast & free WiFi access.  - Big Television - screen to plug if you a
4597	Make use of everything you need, it yours for the time of your stay! * we allow 1 supplementary guest (for a total  of 3 people) *There is 1 full-size double bed and 1 single size airmatress	Bonjour! We welcome other travelers in our lovely studio by Ourcq Canal so enjoy a 100% vegetarian & organic kitchen, play music, go outdoor in Paris's most  multicural & inspiring quarter or find public transport 1 min away :) LOVE.PEACE.MUSIC! Make use of everything you need, it yours for the time of your stay! * we allow 1 supplementary guest (for a total  of 3 people) *There is 1 full-size double bed and 1 single size airmatress Everything. Amenities. Music (website hidden) tru Internet Wifi (if you bring your own laptop) Books. Food. ... If you have a laptop, you might access the French TV channels via our internet wifi. Unfortunately, we probably won't have much time to show them around but will try to stay as long as we actually can before leaving for our travels Very diverse, eclectic, multicultural, graffitis all over the stresst walls, plenty of bars and cafe, bike lines, outdoor recreational areas, museums and cultural spots but best The Canal AND the Buttes Chaumont Park!! 
4598	The appartment is filled with light, from morning to sunset. You are litterally over Paris' roofs ! It is well distributed - on the left, the children's space, with 1 kid's room and 1 adult room with a mezzanine, that have their own shower room and their own toilets ; on the right, the parents' suite, with a private bathroom. In the middle, a huge living space with an open kitchen, a wide dining room a fireplace, a piano... and 2 sofas that can be transformed into 2 single beds (suitable for kids or easy going adults !). If you travel with another couple, each party will be able to have its intimacy, while sharing a common space.	Close to the Buttes Chaumont Park, this 3 rooms penthouse can host up to 8 pax. On the 6th floor (elevator), sunny and beautifully decorated, it's a stone's throw away from the Canal, 10' from Montmartre, 15' from Bastille & the Marais. 2 weeks 1750€ The appartment is filled with light, from morning to sunset. You are litterally over Paris' roofs ! It is well distributed - on the left, the children's space, with 1 kid's room and 1 adult room with a mezzanine, that have their own shower room and their own toilets ; on the right, the parents' suite, with a private bathroom. In the middle, a huge living space with an open kitchen, a wide dining room a fireplace, a piano... and 2 sofas that can be transformed into 2 single beds (suitable for kids or easy going adults !). If you travel with another couple, each party will be able to have its intimacy, while sharing a common space. Our appartment is filled with art, paintings, photographies, sculptures. We only have wifi, no TV is offered, w
4599	Le logement est un 3 pièces, avec un agréable salon - salle à manger pourvu d'un petit balcon. La chambre à louer, qui donne sur la cour intérieure est très calme. Toutes les pièces sont desservies par un couloir centrale pour plus d'indépendance.	Charmante chambre à louer à deux pas du parc de la Villette et du canal de l'Ourcq. Concerts à la Philharmonie, cinéma en plein air, picnic et apéro au bord de l'eau et activités nautiques sur le canal : Découvrez Paris autrement et profitez à fond des activités estivales ! Le logement est un 3 pièces, avec un agréable salon - salle à manger pourvu d'un petit balcon. La chambre à louer, qui donne sur la cour intérieure est très calme. Toutes les pièces sont desservies par un couloir centrale pour plus d'indépendance. Les voyageurs auront accès à la chambre, au salon, à la cuisine et à la salle de bain. Nous serons présents pour discuter avec les voyageurs et les conseiller sur leur séjour. Le logements se trouve dans une rue piétonne commerçante. il se trouve juste au dessus d'une excellente pizzeria et d'un traiteur libanais de qualité. Il y a quantité de petits commerces à proximité immédiate : supermarché, boulangeries, boucherie, caviste, ... Le logement est à 2 min du métro Porte 
4600	3 room flat, for up to 7 people to feel like home. The first room has a double bed with a comfortable bed, a small TV, a dresser and a closet to store clothing. The second bedroom has a double bed and one single bed and a dresser. The rooms are very quiet and bright (garden). The living room has a sofa bed for sleeping daily for 2 people, a table, a TV, internet, and balcony. The kitchen has a fridge, microwave, hob, dishwasher. The district: You are 1o 'the heart of Paris, whether you come for culture, shopping, dining, Parisian nightlife or the charm of walking on the banks of the Seine. Châtelet-Les Halles metro station is the largest of Paris allowing you to go around the city very quickly or go directly to the airport. The apartment is located in a small quiet street a stone from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Seine. Shopping district, you will find the apartment next to the shops or other food you may need during your stay. - Refundable deposit for the loan of towels € 10 - State 	3 room flat, for up to 7 people to feel like home. The first room has a double bed with a comfortable bed, a small TV, a dresser and a closet to store clothing. The second bedroom has a double bed and one single bed and a dresser. The rooms are very quiet and bright (garden). The living room has a sofa bed for sleeping daily for 2 people, a table, a TV, internet, and balcony. The kitchen has a fridge, microwave, hob, dishwasher. The district: You are 1o 'the heart of Paris, whether you come for culture, shopping, dining, Parisian nightlife or the charm of walking on the banks of the Seine. Châtelet-Les Halles metro station is the largest of Paris allowing you to go around the city very quickly or go directly to the airport. The apartment is located in a small quiet street a stone from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Seine. Shopping district, you will find the apartment next to the shops or other food you may need during your stay. - Refundable deposit for the loan of towels € 10 - State 
4601		Hello I go travelling for one month and rent my room. My lovely flat m will 
4602		L'appartement de 70 m2 comprend trois chambre, une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée avec machine à laver. Il est situé au 5eme étage d'un immeuble ancien, à deux pas du parc de la Vilette et du canal de l'Ourcq, très agréables l'été.
4603	What a perfect place for this room in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, you can easily access the canal ourcq, Science City, the Louvre, the Seine, Notre Dame, the Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet ... The flat is 25 sqm with sofa bed, brand new kitchen with coffee machine, TV on the wall, a large the bathroom witha shower, sink and toilet, and an unlimited access to Internet WIFI.	Welcome!!!! Brand new apartment at two minutes from the Ourcq Canal and the Parc de la Villette. What a perfect place for this room in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, you can easily access the canal ourcq, Science City, the Louvre, the Seine, Notre Dame, the Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet ... The flat is 25 sqm with sofa bed, brand new kitchen with coffee machine, TV on the wall, a large the bathroom witha shower, sink and toilet, and an unlimited access to Internet WIFI. You have access to all the flat Since I am not in Paris right now, OhMyGuest team will take care of everything: booking management, communications with you, key exchanges, and of course all the inquiries you could have. The neighborhood is alive day and night. There are many cinemas, bakeries, butchers, pharmacies, cafes, theater, restaurants, supermarket, grocery store, newsstand ... for all budgets as well as shops, all shops in the streets and nearby. The neighborhood is safe and is very well connected by bus, tram,
4604	Très bien situé sur les Quais de Loire. Au 10eme étage.  La chambre comporte un petit salon privatif, et la seconde chambre est occupée par ma colocataire.  Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine et la salle de bain. En espagnol et anglais Lignes 7, 2, 5	Très bien situé sur les Quais de Loire. Au 10eme étage.  L'appartement est vide sur cette période. Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine et la salle de bain. En espagnol et anglais Lignes 7, 2, 5
4605	The apartment is a spacious 55m2 duplex, very well equipped: kitchen open to dining area and living room with wooden floors and balcony, bathroom with bath. Upstairs two bedrooms (non-communicating). Quiet and very bright.	"Private room in a very charming duplex apartment of 55m2 very well equipped: kitchen open to dining area and living area with wooden floors and balcony, bathroom with tub. Quiet and bright. Double bed and dresser. The apartment is a spacious 55m2 duplex, very well equipped: kitchen open to dining area and living room with wooden floors and balcony, bathroom with bath. Upstairs two bedrooms (non-communicating). Quiet and very bright. Travelers have free access to the kitchen, living-dining room and bathroom. We will leave to the travelers a map of Paris and some tips on neighborhood life. We always are happy to share our good addresses which we adapt according to the needs! The district is very pleasant! There are several shops nearby. (supermarkets, bakeries, pharmacies ...) .Family atmosphere. The ""Buttes Chaumont"" park is a 5 minute walk and the ""Ourcq Canal"", ideal for an aperitif or play bowls on sunny days. The building isvery close to the metro ""Laumière"" (line 5) and 8 minutes w"
4606	Very well located studio with lots of bars, restaurants, parcs and the canal nearby. There are also many cheap street markets and supermarkets just next to the apartment.  It's a very well-made 24m2 studio with space, well-equipped, with kitchen, high-speed internet included, speakers, simply but  tastefully decorated.	Very cosy and bright studio in the Low Belleville neighborhood.  The place to be in Paris: near lots of bars, restaurants, the Saint Martin Canal and the Buttes Chaumont parc.
4607	lumineux, grande baie vitrée balcon de 5m2 plein sud construction récente, bonne isolation	lumineux, grande baie vitrée balcon de 5m2 plein sud construction récente, bonne isolation place de parking sous sol sécurisé placards de rangement TV, blu ray, home cinema four-micro-onde combiné, lave linge, appareils à raclette, à fondue et à croque monsieur. information complementaire remise de clé bons plans Nouvelle salle de concert: la Philharmonie Canal de l'Ourcq (piste cyclable et piéton) Parcs de la Villette et des Buttes-Chaumont (balades,activités sportives et culturelles) Cinémas Mk2 au bord du canal proximité commerces/marchés/restaurants métro ligne 5 Tram T3 bis bus
4608	It's like Your Room but in Paris.	"My Lovely Studio comfortably fits two and is located between Buttes-Chaumont and Belleville on a quiet Street in a great Neighborhood. Enjoy diversity, great food and easy access to all city of Paris. It's like Your Room but in Paris. You have access to what ever you need. Linens and towels are provided. If you need any help, advice i'm living in Paris for 10years and know quit great places and deals This neighborhood is so quiet, peaceful and friendly. It's quit a artistic area... it's Paris! Laundry, grocery stores, pharmacy, coffee places and boutiques are very close around the studio. 3 minutes walk from: - the metro station ""Pyrénées"" line 11,  - bus Station  ""Pyrénées-Belleville"" line 26 10 minutes walk from: -metro station ""Bellevillle"" line 2 -metro station ""Buttes Chaumont"" line 7bis You're about 15 minutes from Canal Saint Martin, Jaurès,... cinémas... I speak English, French, Spanish and a bit of German. "
4609	Mon logement est une petite maison sur 4 étages avec une immense terrasse dans les nuages disposant d'une verrière, sous laquelle on peut s'abriter même quand il pleut. 	A lovely 100 m2 house with private floor and rooftop and a view on Eiffel Tower and Montmartre for 4 guests. In summer, there is a wonderful sunset behind the Sacré-Coeur. The house is situated 3 min by walking far away from Buttes Chaumont park, 5 min far away from Belleville district and 20 min far away with the metro from Châtelet. Big american kitchen and huge bathroom. Indoor and outdoor terrasse with table for 4 people and big sofa. Mon logement est une petite maison sur 4 étages avec une immense terrasse dans les nuages disposant d'une verrière, sous laquelle on peut s'abriter même quand il pleut. Chez moi, vous aurez accès :  - au 1er étage, à une chambre et une salle de bain disposant d'une immense baignoire - au 3e étage : à un salon et une cuisine américaine disposant d'un piano  - au 4e étage : à une terrasse et un salon sous verrière avec vue sur tout Paris. Durant votre séjour, je serai en déplacement mais consulterai tous les soirs mes mails. La butte Bergeyre est un pet
4610	Quartier calme, cuisine aménagée et en continuité avec le salon, idéal pour 2 personnes et possibilité de dormir jusqu'à 4 personnes (2 lits doubles dont un canapé lit dans le salon), bien meublé. Attention, si vous êtes 4, il ne reste pas beaucoup de places dans le salon :) à savoir !	Appartement situé dans une impasse, quartier résidentiel calme, située à 2 pas du parc des buttes chaumont. F2 avec canapé lit dans le salon, idéal pour 2 personnes et pouvant aller jusqu'à 4 personnes max. Cuisine équipée, machine à laver, HiFi Quartier calme, cuisine aménagée et en continuité avec le salon, idéal pour 2 personnes et possibilité de dormir jusqu'à 4 personnes (2 lits doubles dont un canapé lit dans le salon), bien meublé. Attention, si vous êtes 4, il ne reste pas beaucoup de places dans le salon :) à savoir ! appartement très bien placé entre le quartier de Belleville et le bas du parc des buttes Chaumont. Le métro Belleville, Bolivar et Colonel Fabien sont accessibles à 5min à pied, station de Velib tout près. 2 accès sont possibles : passer par Avenue Simon Bolivar puis prendre l'impasse au niveau du 75 (derrière la barrière accès voiture) jusqu'au batiment 75 bis puis sonner à TESSIER, 2ème étage; soit passer par le Boulevard de La Villette, et passer par la Cité C
4611	Ideal for young couples - vintage lovers, with interesting features : fully equipped kitchen, a retro bath, the raised bed area access with a ladder, very high ceiling, windows view on bamboo three, private outdoor garden in one of the rare courtyard in Paris. All These are all great feature who makes this place unique. 	Loft with a private outdoor in a courtyard garden. In the 10th arr. of Paris, next to the Canal st Martin. Ideal for couples - fully equipped, a block away from the tube.  Special  price for summer €69/night until august 30th. Ideal for young couples - vintage lovers, with interesting features : fully equipped kitchen, a retro bath, the raised bed area access with a ladder, very high ceiling, windows view on bamboo three, private outdoor garden in one of the rare courtyard in Paris. All These are all great feature who makes this place unique. Down the street, you can find a small organic place where the coffee is excellent, they have morning papers (Open all week during the day, closed on WE), down the street all the best food and supermarket shop and all over the canal new creative restaurants.  I'm present when guest arrival and usually stays  available by email or text for any help and questions during the trip. Neighborhood  Right by A pedestrian canal on week ends where there the 
4612	Nice studio near the park de la Villette. There are all you need-a little kitchen,washing machine, a balcony. The only thing you must to know-bed dimensions are 120x190. It's ok for two people but not too much comfortable.	Modern cosy apartment, 28m² with terrace, view on the Place de la Cité des Sciences. Underground directly in front of it: métro Porte de la Villette, line 7. Small supermarket and restaurants opposite, parc de la Villette. Ideally for 2 persons. Nice studio near the park de la Villette. There are all you need-a little kitchen,washing machine, a balcony. The only thing you must to know-bed dimensions are 120x190. It's ok for two people but not too much comfortable. Metro Porte de la Villette, bus and tramway just in front of my building
4613		Loue bel appartement, tout confort. Proche Parc des Buttes Chaumont, lignes 7bis (Botzaris) et 11 (Jourdain). Résidence sécurisé et calme. 
4614	Appartement lumineux dans le 19ème arrondissement, situé sur le Canal de l'Ourcq, des Buttes Chaumont, de 2 cinémas, du parc de la Villette et à 10 min a pied du 104, nouveau lieu culturel à Paris ( spectacles, expositions, cafés, restaurant, librairie, lieu de danses ) cuisine séparée plaques électriques, machine à laver), décoration mélangé entre le moderne et l'ancien (photos prochainement)   wifi, téléphone fixe, salle-de-bain (, douche, toilettes, lavabo, serviette de bain et draps fournis).	Modern, 40m2 (400ft2) apt on the 4th floor with 3 littles balconies w/ view of southern Paris. Located in the 19th just up the street from Canal Ourcq. Local groceries, bakeries, restaurants and bars in walking distance. Fully equipped.  Appartement lumineux dans le 19ème arrondissement, situé sur le Canal de l'Ourcq, des Buttes Chaumont, de 2 cinémas, du parc de la Villette et à 10 min a pied du 104, nouveau lieu culturel à Paris ( spectacles, expositions, cafés, restaurant, librairie, lieu de danses ) cuisine séparée plaques électriques, machine à laver), décoration mélangé entre le moderne et l'ancien (photos prochainement)   wifi, téléphone fixe, salle-de-bain (, douche, toilettes, lavabo, serviette de bain et draps fournis). LES INVITES DORMIRONS DANS LE SALON, dans un canapé deux places (matelas Bultex) avec drap et couverture. ils pourront accéder à la salle de bain et la cuisine. Je peux leurs faire découvrir les endroits qu j'aime de Paris, les conseillés dans leurs découverte
4615	 30m2 bright living room thanks to its large window. It has a flat-screen TV, hi-fi system, Wifi and Internet access, sofa, seat and a dining area. A large fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, washing machine, dishwasher,oven, kettle, coffee machine).  1 bedroom with a proper double bed (160X200) 1 office bedroom 2 bathrooms (one with a bath-tub and one with an Italian shower) and separate WC.  20m2 terrace with a nice view of Paris rooftops. It is equipped with a barbecue and garden furniture’s. 1 private parking space available Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any other question. Sebastien & Capucine 	The apartment is perfectly located on the Canal Saint Martin with easy access to the main point of interests. Situated on the 6th and last floor with an elevator:80 square meter (+ 20 square meter equipped terrace). It can host 2 persons with kids.  30m2 bright living room thanks to its large window. It has a flat-screen TV, hi-fi system, Wifi and Internet access, sofa, seat and a dining area. A large fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, washing machine, dishwasher,oven, kettle, coffee machine).  1 bedroom with a proper double bed (160X200) 1 office bedroom 2 bathrooms (one with a bath-tub and one with an Italian shower) and separate WC.  20m2 terrace with a nice view of Paris rooftops. It is equipped with a barbecue and garden furniture’s. 1 private parking space available Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any other question. Sebastien & Capucine Guests have access to the whole apartment The neighborhood is quiet and lovely. There is a supermarket down the building 
4616		"Lovely studio for a couple or a single person in Paris' heart. Close to the park ""Buttes Chaumont"" in the 19th district. You can be in the historic center of Paris in only 20 minutes using the Metropolitan. You are at 23,5 sec of a very beautifull park (the second biggest of Paris!!). There is a supermarket at 33,6 sec (in the street behind) ! The Metro is only at 25,7 sec from the Studio. You have also bus, Velib (almost free bikes), and Autolib (electric cars) not far away."
4617	Great architecture of the 70s, our building is part of the historical architectural heritage of the XXth century. The Room The room is spacious 10m2 and well laid out, it includes : - A Queen size bed - An office table - A big wardrobe containing 2 towels - High speed WIFI connection and printer	Enjoy Paris while staying at our guest room in the 5th highest building of Paris, offering an awesome view on the North of Paris. Easy to commute, well located close to shops and parks. Note: the room is a previous dressing/office, it has NO window. Great architecture of the 70s, our building is part of the historical architectural heritage of the XXth century. The Room The room is spacious 10m2 and well laid out, it includes : - A Queen size bed - An office table - A big wardrobe containing 2 towels - High speed WIFI connection and printer You are free to use the living room, kitchen and bathroom as you want. Make yourself at home ! I am living with my mom. She is retired and can help you for check-in/out, cleaning stuff & more importantly cooking ! I am a Software Engineer in Paris, so I will be working from 10am to 7pm during weekdays. I can help you check-in and out since I'm working 15 min away from our place. I would love to show you around Paris during my free time ! From the ai
4618	Ce studio peut accueillir deux personnes pour un séjour de courte ou longue durée.	Ce studio peut accueillir deux personnes pour un séjour de courte ou longue durée. Le studio est équipé du nécessaire pour cuisiner. Le linge de lit et de toilette sont fournis. Pendant la durée de leur séjour, les hôtes pourront en cas de problème me joindre sur mon téléphone portable. Les canaux de paris ainsi que les buttes de Chaumont  et le métro à proximité font de se quartier un lieu agréable et pratique pour visiter Paris. A moins de 2 minutes à pieds du métro Jaurès lignes 2, 5 et 7 bis. Depuis l'Aéroport Charles De Gaulle ou d'Orly : RER B jusqu'à gare du nord et Ligne 5 jusqu'à Jaurès.
4619	"Hi everybody ! FULL FLAT for 4 people in the CANAL SAINT MARTIN ! 1 bed mezzanine & 1 sofa bed Kitchen full equipped. It s a very nice area, perfect to discover Paris!! 10 min from Montmartre and 30 min eiffel tower !! REALLY EASY TO COME from Gare du nord station (only 2 metro stops line 5 until ""jaures "" station) . when you arrive from CDG or ORLY, you arrive at GARE DU NORD, so with the same metro ticket you can arrive at home :-))"	"Hi everybody ! FULL FLAT for 4 people in the CANAL SAINT MARTIN ! 1 bed mezzanine & 1 sofa bed Kitchen full equipped. It s a very nice area, perfect to discover Paris!! 10 min from Montmartre and 30 min eiffel tower !! Hi everybody ! FULL FLAT for 4 people in the CANAL SAINT MARTIN ! 1 bed mezzanine & 1 sofa bed Kitchen full equipped. It s a very nice area, perfect to discover Paris!! 10 min from Montmartre and 30 min eiffel tower !! REALLY EASY TO COME from Gare du nord station (only 2 metro stops line 5 until ""jaures "" station) . when you arrive from CDG or ORLY, you arrive at GARE DU NORD, so with the same metro ticket you can arrive at home :-)) all the house is for you ! you will have towels and clean bed sheets. super area canal saint martin ! you can do picnics in summer or just do jogging after you visits ! there is a lot of restaurants near home on the canal, and cinemas !! it s a great area easy from gare du nord or from CDG or orly - just stop at gare du nord and take line 5"
4620		Charmant appartement 50 m² avec un grand balcon!  Près d'une rue commerçante, à 1 minute du parc des Buttes Chaumont, à 5 minutes du Canal Saint Martin et  à 15 minutes à pied de République ! Lit convertible disponible dans le salon! Au plaisir !    Quartier super sympa avec les Buttes Chaumont et le Canal Saint Martin! Rues commerçantes à proximité, appartement dans une rue calme   Métro Jaurès ligne 2 et 5  ou Métro Colonel Fabien ligne 2
4621	Renovated apartment with beautiful and warm materials. Solid parquet floor. Furniture and decoration of high quality. Large living-dining-kitchen area overlooking the canal. In the living-room, very comfortable sofa-bed for 2. On the other side, beautiful bedroom with double bed overlooking a large well maintained garden.  Breathtaking view of the canal and its banks. Quiet area, yet lively, sporty, friendly.  4 subway lines and 4 bus stops take you all over Paris. Less than 15/20 minutes from the Triumph-Champs Elysees, Chatelet, Louvre, Saint Germain, Le Marais, Montmartre ...    Lively and festive neighborhood. Very little traffic. Relaxed atmosphere conducive to sports and recreational activities, picnics, walks. 12 cinemas in front of the apartment. Near the beautiful Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. A very special place in Paris, and close to everything.  Métro Jaurès or Stalingrad (Lines 2, 5, 7 and 7a). Many Bus stops.  Magical and different place right in Paris. Close to everything w	With amazing views on the Canal, beautiful apartment, modern, warm, for 4 people, overlooking the Bassin de la Villette and its cultural, festive, fun, and sportive life. All strategic locations in Paris at hand Renovated apartment with beautiful and warm materials. Solid parquet floor. Furniture and decoration of high quality. Large living-dining-kitchen area overlooking the canal. In the living-room, very comfortable sofa-bed for 2. On the other side, beautiful bedroom with double bed overlooking a large well maintained garden.  Breathtaking view of the canal and its banks. Quiet area, yet lively, sporty, friendly.  4 subway lines and 4 bus stops take you all over Paris. Less than 15/20 minutes from the Triumph-Champs Elysees, Chatelet, Louvre, Saint Germain, Le Marais, Montmartre ...    Lively and festive neighborhood. Very little traffic. Relaxed atmosphere conducive to sports and recreational activities, picnics, walks. 12 cinemas in front of the apartment. Near the beautiful Parc
4622	Le studio est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble moderne, avec vue sur l'Est parisien et est très calme. Il est situé en face du parc de la Villette et est donc particulièrement approprié si vous souhaitez vous rendre à un concert à la Philharmonie de Paris, au Zénith ou la Grande halle de la Villette par exemple qui sont accessibles à pied en quelques minutes.	Cosy studio au 12ème étage et sans vis à vis d'un immeuble moderne, au voisinage sympathique. Le studio est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble moderne, avec vue sur l'Est parisien et est très calme. Il est situé en face du parc de la Villette et est donc particulièrement approprié si vous souhaitez vous rendre à un concert à la Philharmonie de Paris, au Zénith ou la Grande halle de la Villette par exemple qui sont accessibles à pied en quelques minutes. Local à vélo Quartier très agréable avec le parc, le canal et station de location de vélo et piste cyclable en bas de l'immeuble. Commerces, pharmacie, piscine à proximité. Cinéma : MK2 Quai de Seine / Loire 15mn Des restaurants et cafés sympa : les bancs publics, café 19 et Burger King Centre commercial accessible en navette fluviale Métro : Ourcq (ligne 5), Porte de Pantin (ligne 5) Bus : 75-PC 2 arrêt Porte de Pantin En voiture : suivre fléchage Parc de la Villette Sud Parking : Sous la Cité des Sciences (Nord)
4623		The apartment is located 1 min from one of the largest parks in the city with its trendy places like Rosa Bonheur . 3 minutes Laumière metro (line 5) you will enjoy many leisure activities around the Canal Saint- Martin ( cinemas , flea markets )  Close to shops ( bakeries , butchers , creamer , greengrocers and supermarket) Perfectly connected area A 10mm Pere Lachaise ( Bus 60) A 5 mm from the music city (line 5) A 20mm Louvre Museum ( Bus 48) In a modern building , with code , this apartment of 40 m2 is on the 2nd floor with garden side ( bright and quiet ) lift. It consists of two separate rooms and can accommodate up to 2 people. The neighbors are lovely and the area is nice. Living room with kitchen ( kettle, oven, ... ) cuisine. The bathroom has a bath and a computer corner washing with iron and ironing board The rent includes WiFi, bed linen, towels and plenty of storage
4624	Apartment with a big bedroom and a living room, it's small but functional bathroom and kitchen. The bed is large (160) and brand new.	I just renovated my appart ready to welcome you with all the commodities. I am used to travel, so I arranged it to be very comfortable. The location is ideal, on the metro stop, next to the Canal and the Buttes Chaumont. Sunny and quiet. Apartment with a big bedroom and a living room, it's small but functional bathroom and kitchen. The bed is large (160) and brand new. The whole apartment will be yours.  You will be alone with a complete privacy. I mostly live nearby at my boyfriend's. We are available whenever you need. If we are in vacation, we can be reached either by phone or email. Someone will always be there to welcome you at the appartement. The neighborhood is very lively : cafés, bars, restaurants, groceries, pressing, bakeries, metro, bus, park just downstairs from my place. It's a place where real Parisians live, its right in between canal saint martin and park Buttes Chaumont within a 5 minutes walk. The apartment is just on top of the metro. The line 5 will take you quick
4625	Hi, My boyfriend, me and our 2yo baby live in this great apartment in Paris (Belleville area) Our apartment is completely refurbished inside an old factory building renewed. We made it from scratch and all by ourself 3 years ago so we are pretty proud of it ! We'll be glad to offer it for your vacation in Paris. Our apartment is a duplex in a really good building, on the 1st floor (no lift). The big living room (30 sq.m) includes the kitchen fully equipped, 1 convertible couch (2 people bed), 2 tables with 6 chairs. Upstairs we have the bathroom (shower) and 2 bedrooms : 1 equipped with baby bed and the other with a 140*190 bed. In addition we have a futon matress that can be installed upstairs. The apartment is perfect for 4 adults (+ 1 baby) , but it is totally possible to be 6 if the couch sleeping is ok for you . AT your disposal: 1 Bike, washing machine, kitchen equipments, baby games, kitchen books (in french), books (some in english), no tv but radio, mp3, CD , wifi... We speak 	Nice flat, confortable in a dynamic part of the city Hi, My boyfriend, me and our 2yo baby live in this great apartment in Paris (Belleville area) Our apartment is completely refurbished inside an old factory building renewed. We made it from scratch and all by ourself 3 years ago so we are pretty proud of it ! We'll be glad to offer it for your vacation in Paris. Our apartment is a duplex in a really good building, on the 1st floor (no lift). The big living room (30 sq.m) includes the kitchen fully equipped, 1 convertible couch (2 people bed), 2 tables with 6 chairs. Upstairs we have the bathroom (shower) and 2 bedrooms : 1 equipped with baby bed and the other with a 140*190 bed. In addition we have a futon matress that can be installed upstairs. The apartment is perfect for 4 adults (+ 1 baby) , but it is totally possible to be 6 if the couch sleeping is ok for you . AT your disposal: 1 Bike, washing machine, kitchen equipments, baby games, kitchen books (in french), books (some in e
4626	Appartement de 45 m2 Calme et tranquille au 1er étage. Il y a une chambre pour enfants avec tous les joués, mais sans le chat! Un beau salon qui ce transforme en chambre très facilement, avec un vidéo projecteur! La salle de douche est spacieuse et pratique! La cuisine est très bien équipé pour se préparer de bon repas! L'appartement est très bien placé: -A 1 Pas de tous les commerces (Boucherie, Supermarché, Bio, Boulangerie, rue commerçante, …) -A 2 pas du métro Colonel Fabien (Ligne 2) et du bus (75 et 46), -A 3 pas du Canal St Martin (Bar, Resto, salle de concert, ballade, …) -A 4 pas du Parc des Butes Chaumont (Parc, Lac, Jeux pour enfant, Piscine, Patinoire, …) -A 5 pas du Canal de l'Ourq (Cinéma, Mk2, Bateau, Ballade, …) -A 6 pas du Parc de La Villette  .Pour les enfants: Jeux, Toboggan, Citée des science et des enfants, la Géode, … .Salle de concert: Le Zenith, La Philharmonie, la Citée de la Musique, Le cabaret Sauvage, … …	Charmant appartement familial de 45m2 à Paris! 2 Pièces à coté du Canal St Martin et du Parc des Butes Chaumont. Parfait pour une Famille ou en Couple. Calme et Tranquille, proche des Transports et des Commerces. Idéal pour une escapade Parisienne! Appartement de 45 m2 Calme et tranquille au 1er étage. Il y a une chambre pour enfants avec tous les joués, mais sans le chat! Un beau salon qui ce transforme en chambre très facilement, avec un vidéo projecteur! La salle de douche est spacieuse et pratique! La cuisine est très bien équipé pour se préparer de bon repas! L'appartement est très bien placé: -A 1 Pas de tous les commerces (Boucherie, Supermarché, Bio, Boulangerie, rue commerçante, …) -A 2 pas du métro Colonel Fabien (Ligne 2) et du bus (75 et 46), -A 3 pas du Canal St Martin (Bar, Resto, salle de concert, ballade, …) -A 4 pas du Parc des Butes Chaumont (Parc, Lac, Jeux pour enfant, Piscine, Patinoire, …) -A 5 pas du Canal de l'Ourq (Cinéma, Mk2, Bateau, Ballade, …) -A 6 pas du P
4627	Beautiful typically Parisian apartment of 70 m2 with parquet, fireplace and mouldings on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a typically Parisian building well maintained. The apartment consists of an entry, a room with a sofa double bed, a dining-room table for 6 persons, a 107 cm television, and a sofa double bed and one room with a real double bed. The apartment has a lot of arrangements. The kitchen was renewed in 2012 and equipped with an oven, of one microwave, of an induction cooker, one wash dishes and of a refrigerator. The bathroom was completely renewed too in 2012 with a washbasin, an Italian-style shower and contains a washing machine and a tumble-dryer. Toilets are separated and contains one wash hand. The apartment has a double exposure and a nice flowered balcony .The apartment is equipped with the Wi-Fi.  The apartment is located in a busy shopping district next to various supermarkets, to two bakeries and various restaurants (Italian, Asian, Lebanese and French). It i	Typical Parisian apartment of 70 m2 with parquet floor, fireplace and moldings on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a Haussmann building well maintained. It is located in a neighborhood with many traders and 2 steps from the metro Crimee. Beautiful typically Parisian apartment of 70 m2 with parquet, fireplace and mouldings on the 5th floor (without elevator) of a typically Parisian building well maintained. The apartment consists of an entry, a room with a sofa double bed, a dining-room table for 6 persons, a 107 cm television, and a sofa double bed and one room with a real double bed. The apartment has a lot of arrangements. The kitchen was renewed in 2012 and equipped with an oven, of one microwave, of an induction cooker, one wash dishes and of a refrigerator. The bathroom was completely renewed too in 2012 with a washbasin, an Italian-style shower and contains a washing machine and a tumble-dryer. Toilets are separated and contains one wash hand. The apartment has a double exposure an
4628	Our loft is situated on the second floor of a tree-shaded courtyard.	We hope you will enjoy your stay in this roomy loft of 55 square meters overlooking a calm, tree-filled courtyard near the parc Buttes-Chaumont. It is located a few meters from the metro station Pyrénées. For 2-4 personnes, all included. Our loft is situated on the second floor of a tree-shaded courtyard. Our guests will have access to the whole appartment (55 square meters). We are also fond of travels so we will be very happy to share our trip experiences with you. It is very nice to be close to the area of Belleville and a few minutes walking from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont where you may enjoy having a picnic. The appartment is situated in a small tree-shaded courtyard with artists' workshops, in the background of a peaceful one-way street so you will not be disturbed by the traffic (we do not hear the cars): just enjoy the birds chirping :-) Metro station Pyrénées (line 11) The appartment is perfect for 4 people (2 in the bedroom with a double-bed and 2 in one of the sofa-beds in
4629	Appartement très bien situé, a cinq minutes du métro Riquet (ligne 7) et dix minutes de Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5 et 7). L'appartement se trouve à 10 min en transport du sacrée cœur et 10 min de opéra quartier centrale et touristique de paris.  La résidence est protégée 24h/24.  A l'entrée de la résidence vous trouverez boulangerie, primeur, supermarché, pharmacie.  Proche du métro vous trouverez restaurants, bars et de nombreux supermarché.  L'appartement est tout équipée : four, frigo, machine à lavé, lave vaisselle, serviettes, draps.  Appartement refait récemment à neuf, idéal pour couple. Le canapé est convertible.	Appartement 48m carré, proche transport, à 5 min du canal parisien, à 10 min en transport du sacrée cœur, de opéra et du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont. Appartement tout équipé dans une jolie et calme résidence privée. Restaurants, bars et supermarchés à proximité. Parfait pour couple Appartement très bien situé, a cinq minutes du métro Riquet (ligne 7) et dix minutes de Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5 et 7). L'appartement se trouve à 10 min en transport du sacrée cœur et 10 min de opéra quartier centrale et touristique de paris.  La résidence est protégée 24h/24.  A l'entrée de la résidence vous trouverez boulangerie, primeur, supermarché, pharmacie.  Proche du métro vous trouverez restaurants, bars et de nombreux supermarché.  L'appartement est tout équipée : four, frigo, machine à lavé, lave vaisselle, serviettes, draps.  Appartement refait récemment à neuf, idéal pour couple. Le canapé est convertible. Nous vivons également dans la résidence. Pour quelconque problèmes ou questions nous somm
4630		Big room in shared flat (2pers). The apartment is located in one of the most cosmopolites neighborhoods in Paris, and a 1 minute walking from the Parc de la Villette (culture, Philharmonic de Paris, outdoor cinema and concerts…) and less of  1 minute
4631	Ideally situated opposite the city of music and the Bassin de la Villette, it is close to the metro station Porte de Pantin, line 5 serving Bastille and République. It is also close to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Montmartre. metro station is Ourcq that dessert or Porte de Pantin. It is completely refurbished on the 3rd floor, avenue Jean Jaurès. The apartment is very bright, triple exposure, very comfortable, WiFi, TV, DVD player. It can accommodate 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 children. (Sofa bed in the lounge) The apartment is very bright, triple exposure, very comfortable, WiFi, TV, DVD player. It has all the amenities. Electric heating. The toilet is in the bathroom. Sheets and towels provided.	Ideally situated near of the city of music and the Bassin de la Villette, it is close to the metro station Porte de Pantin, line 5 serving Bastille and République. It is also close to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Montmartre. Ideally situated opposite the city of music and the Bassin de la Villette, it is close to the metro station Porte de Pantin, line 5 serving Bastille and République. It is also close to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Montmartre. metro station is Ourcq that dessert or Porte de Pantin. It is completely refurbished on the 3rd floor, avenue Jean Jaurès. The apartment is very bright, triple exposure, very comfortable, WiFi, TV, DVD player. It can accommodate 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 children. (Sofa bed in the lounge) The apartment is very bright, triple exposure, very comfortable, WiFi, TV, DVD player. It has all the amenities. Electric heating. The toilet is in the bathroom. Sheets and towels provided. Face to the Parc de la Villette, the Cité de la Musique. Nea
4632	Il s'agit d'un appartement de 60m2  avec un grand séjour de 25m2 et 2 chambres. Il est situé dans une charmante petite résidence à la fois très parisienne et verdoyante. L'atmosphère est très calme, loin du bruit de la rue et l'appartement, très lumineux, donne sur 2 cours. Dans le salon, poêle à bois et home cinema, cuisine toute équipée, lave-linge, sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle et évidemment internet par fibre optique. Très bonne literie et grandes penderies dans les chambres. Vous serez à 100m à pied du métro (direct pour Chatelet en 10 minutes), bus et tous commerces. A deux minutes à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont et des quartiers très animés de Jourdain et Belleville. Une foule de restaurants et de bars à proximité. La résidence vous fera aussi profiter d'une grande cour où il fait bon boire un verre ou prendre le soleil, un luxe rare à Paris! Un chat vit dans l'appartement.	12m2 room in a nice 60m2 full of light flat located right near the most gorgeous park in Paris, 1 min away from subway and 2 min to all convenience and typical stores. Less than 10 min to the heart of Paris by metro. Parking  inside the courtyard.
4633	Quiet and pleasant building on the quays. A caretaker has residence. The apt :  - 1 Bedroom : A bed for 2 persons (exceptionnal new bed !). - Triple living room with balcony. A comfortable bed settee (for 2 persons) + 1 bed-settee for 1 person  ( 6,30 x 2,36 feet : small but possible for few nights only) + 1 big table and 7 sits. - Separate and functional Kitchen (without micro-waves and dishwasher), a table, 4 sits.  - Balcony with table, 2 sits and a bank - Bathroom with bath and daylight.  - Separated Toilets. HIFI-WIFI Code (No computer at disposal) Furnished linen. Sunny and charming appartment very pleasant and very quiet. It's like the countryside in Paris. A dog lives usually in the appartment. Not present when you will come. Closed : - The Parc de la Villette : Direct Access crossing the quai.  - Le Buttes Chaumont Garden : 25mns foot. - A lot of cultural spots : Cité des Sciences, Geode, Theaters (in the parc), Cinemas (on the quais à 15 mns foot) et in the summer, under the 	On the channel, Spacious and Luminous 2 Rooms with Balcony (700 sq). Double exposition.  Extraordinary Views on Paris and on the Canal, Cité des Sciences and Parc de la Villette. M : Corentin Cariou, Lign 7 Elevator. Apt totally renovated in 2014. Quiet and pleasant building on the quays. A caretaker has residence. The apt :  - 1 Bedroom : A bed for 2 persons (exceptionnal new bed !). - Triple living room with balcony. A comfortable bed settee (for 2 persons) + 1 bed-settee for 1 person  ( 6,30 x 2,36 feet : small but possible for few nights only) + 1 big table and 7 sits. - Separate and functional Kitchen (without micro-waves and dishwasher), a table, 4 sits.  - Balcony with table, 2 sits and a bank - Bathroom with bath and daylight.  - Separated Toilets. HIFI-WIFI Code (No computer at disposal) Furnished linen. Sunny and charming appartment very pleasant and very quiet. It's like the countryside in Paris. A dog lives usually in the appartment. Not present when you will come. Closed :
4634	Dans un bel immeuble en pierre de taille typiquement parisien, cet appartement avec paquet de 65 m2 est habité à l'année par un couple et une enfant. - un grand lit double neuf (140x200) dans la chambre parentale - un lit gigogne dans le salon ( soit deux lits simples soit un grand lit de 160 X 200) - un grand lit (90x200) dans la chambre d'enfant Au besoin on peut rajouter un lit de camp. Les draps sont fournis. Cuisine équipée, avec plaque à inductions et four à chaleur tournante. Pour les enfants il y des jeux, un vélo et nous sommes à  proximité du parc des Buttes-Chaumont et de la Villette.	Appartement de 65 m2 idéalement situé entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont, le canal de l'Ourcq et le parc de la Villette. Lumineux, calme et accueillant, dans un quartier familial avec tous les commerces et les transports à proximité  immédiate. Dans un bel immeuble en pierre de taille typiquement parisien, cet appartement avec paquet de 65 m2 est habité à l'année par un couple et une enfant. - un grand lit double neuf (140x200) dans la chambre parentale - un lit gigogne dans le salon ( soit deux lits simples soit un grand lit de 160 X 200) - un grand lit (90x200) dans la chambre d'enfant Au besoin on peut rajouter un lit de camp. Les draps sont fournis. Cuisine équipée, avec plaque à inductions et four à chaleur tournante. Pour les enfants il y des jeux, un vélo et nous sommes à  proximité du parc des Buttes-Chaumont et de la Villette. - au salon : une télé, un ordinateur PC fixe, connexion Wifi,  DVD.  - dans la cuisine: produits de base, thés, cafés , aromates, radio, enceinte pour Ip
4635	heigh ceiling, luminous, quiet 	Good location, 2 steps from the metro, close to shops, restaurants, movies and Ourcq Channel. Bedroom and bathroom on the floor. heigh ceiling, luminous, quiet  2 movies, restaurants, Ourcq Channel, bars, 4 minutes metro lines (L2; 5; 7)
4636	l'appart est proche tout commerce, entièrement équipé:  TV , internet wifi, téléphone local illimité, machine expresso, four micro-onde et grill, réfrigérateur, plaque électriques. Lave vaisselle et lave linge Le linge de maison est fourni et installé à l'arrivée. Nell'appartemento troverete tutto il confort del quotidiano, in quanto dispone di: TV, intenet wifi, chiamate ai fissi illimitate, macchina espresso, forno a micronde e grill, placche elettriche, lavastoviglie e lavatrice. La biancheria è fornita agli ospiti al momento dell'arrivo.  	Appartement situé à deux pas du parc Buttes Chaumont, à 200m du metro Place des Fêtes et à 10min du centre ville. Appartamento a due passi del parco Buttes Chaumont, a 200m dalla fermata della metro (linea 11) Place des Fêtes e a 10min dal centro. l'appart est proche tout commerce, entièrement équipé:  TV , internet wifi, téléphone local illimité, machine expresso, four micro-onde et grill, réfrigérateur, plaque électriques. Lave vaisselle et lave linge Le linge de maison est fourni et installé à l'arrivée. Nell'appartemento troverete tutto il confort del quotidiano, in quanto dispone di: TV, intenet wifi, chiamate ai fissi illimitate, macchina espresso, forno a micronde e grill, placche elettriche, lavastoviglie e lavatrice. La biancheria è fornita agli ospiti al momento dell'arrivo.  Les locateurs ont à disposition une chambre double dans l’appartement vide. Idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. Gli ospiti avranno accesso a tutti i servizi dell'appartamento. Potranno soggiornar
4637		Loft spacieux et lumineux, au calme avec sauna, 6m sous plafond, 3 belles chambres en bois. Cour privée. Super quartier  Proximité Parc de la Villette, bassin de l'Ourq, Buttes Chaumont Marché jeudi et dimanche. Cinémas, Proche commerces (Bio aussi)
4638	Typical old Parisian apartment, with a small balcony. Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), it is very bright. Fully equipped kitchen.	Apartment of 34m2 on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a 1911 building, in a quiet semi-pedestrian street leading to the Parc de la Villette , 50m from the Porte de Pantin metro station ( line 5). Typical old Parisian apartment, with a small balcony. Located on the 5th floor (no elevator), it is very bright. Fully equipped kitchen. Bed linen and towels are provided , and you can of course use the kitchen ( microwave, oven, stove, fridge) . Wifi available. I want you to feel at home. I'll try to keep in touch with you to answer your questions about the place, and also what to do in Paris and in my neighborhood. The apartment is very close ( you can actually see it from my balcony ) to the Parc de la Villette , packed with cultural venues ( Zénith concert hall, Cité de la Musique and Philharmonie, Museum of Sciences, Géode movie theater, ...). Another interesting park (in a completely different style), is also nearby : the Parc des Buttes Chaumont . The neighborhood is alive but safe. My st
4639		Au bord du canal de l'Ourq, dans un quartier dynamique et chaleureux, studio dans immeuble Art Deco très ensoleillé et bien équipé accueille hôtes sympas ! Pistes cyclables, parcs (la Villette, Buttes Chaumont), cinémas, bars et restaus à proximité... pour des plaisirs au fil de l'eau!
4640	Recently renovated this large apartment of 50 sq meters on the first floor (one flight up) has a large bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a pull out sofa bed. A fully equipped kitchen, including dishwasher, microwave, oven, stove, refrigerator, and a coffee machine.   There is cable TV, WIFI, a  bathroom with a small bathtub, a washing machine and everything you need to feel at home. Since this is our home and we live here there is no closet space.  Parc de la Villete, a 5 minute walk, houses museums, concert halls, live performance stages, and theatres, as well as playgrounds for children, and thirty-five architectural follies  including Cité de la Musique, Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, La Géode - an IMAX theatre, Le Zénith, Philharmonie de Paris, to name a few. Also bistros, boulangeries, markets, outdoor cinema in summer, Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, Canal de St Martin and Ourcq, are all a step away. It's a lively neighborhood, with everything at your doorstep. You	20 meters to the metro on a lovely cobbled street and a 5 minute walk to Parc de la Villette, near Eurostar terminal. This recently renovated apartment has one bedroom with large double bed and a double sofa bed in the living room. Big open kitchen. Recently renovated this large apartment of 50 sq meters on the first floor (one flight up) has a large bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a pull out sofa bed. A fully equipped kitchen, including dishwasher, microwave, oven, stove, refrigerator, and a coffee machine.   There is cable TV, WIFI, a  bathroom with a small bathtub, a washing machine and everything you need to feel at home. Since this is our home and we live here there is no closet space.  Parc de la Villete, a 5 minute walk, houses museums, concert halls, live performance stages, and theatres, as well as playgrounds for children, and thirty-five architectural follies  including Cité de la Musique, Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, La Géode - an IMAX theatre, Le Z
4641	rue calme , tout près du beau jardin des Buttes Chaumont.. Je vous accueillerai vers 18h , le départ se fera vers 10h le lendemain matin. Les week-end, plus de facilités .	chambre chez l'habitant, lit dans  pièce indépendante,  dans petit Apt 43 M2, tout près du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bien desservi métro Pyrennées ligne 11. bus. pour 1 ou 2 personnes. non fumeur. Une nuit minimum. draps et serviettes fournis. rue calme , tout près du beau jardin des Buttes Chaumont.. Je vous accueillerai vers 18h , le départ se fera vers 10h le lendemain matin. Les week-end, plus de facilités . vous pourrez, utiliser la salle de bain qui sera partagée, je fournis les draps et serviettes de bain. Je peux également vous préparer le petit déjeuner. Vous dormirez dans un canapé lit dans une petite pièce indépendante. confortable . l'idéal pour un séjour de courte durée. deux nuits maximum je serais là pour vous renseigner au mieux sur vos sorties. Je connais bien Paris et mon quartier, je pourrais vous indiquer  de petits restaurants etc.. je ne parle pas vraiment anglais, il serait souhaitable que vous parliez français.. tout près du parc des Buttes Chaumont, et le Haut 
4642	Appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur avec tous les équipements nécessaires pour passer un bon séjour: cuisine équipée, four, micro-onde, frigo, congélateur, sèche cheveux, internet en fibre optique, wifi. Une chambre en mezzanine avec velux, 1 canapé lit dans le salon. Coin salle de bain avec cabine de douche.	Joli appartement de 26m2 (+ 15m2 chambre en mezzanine). Proche métro 2-5-7, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est. Calme, balcon avec vue sur Montmartre. Appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur avec tous les équipements nécessaires pour passer un bon séjour: cuisine équipée, four, micro-onde, frigo, congélateur, sèche cheveux, internet en fibre optique, wifi. Une chambre en mezzanine avec velux, 1 canapé lit dans le salon. Coin salle de bain avec cabine de douche. A 5mn à pied du Canal de l'Ourcq et 2 cinémas, Parc de la Vilette, Parc des Buttes Chaumont,... Je peux vous conseiller des visites dans Paris, des spectacles et restaurants sympas. Quartier populaire et vivant avec des commerces ouverts tous les jours. 3 lignes de métro: 2, 5, 7. Proche Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est.
4643	Hello, I have a  bedroom to rent in a big apartment located at Colonel Fabien close to canal St Martin and the Parc des buttes Chaumonts. The room has a view on all Paris and is facing the south so it's very lighty ! It's sharing a balcony with the living room where you can also find a big piano.  In the bathroom you have both shower and bath. And we have a big kitchen with its own balcony on the north. My two roommates Laurie and Vincent are living in the two others bedrooms in a friendly and welcoming mood !	Hello, I have a  bedroom to rent in a big apartment located at Colonel Fabien close to canal St Martin and the Parc des buttes Chaumonts. The room has a view on all Paris and is facing the south so it's very lighty ! It's sharing a balcony with the living room where you can also find a big piano.  In the bathroom you have both shower and bath. And we have a big kitchen with its own balcony on the north. My two roommates Laurie and Vincent are living in the two others bedrooms in a friendly and welcoming mood ! Kitchen is big and convenient for cooking.  You can also play the piano We are nice and helpful people; Each of us has a busy life so we are not always around but we liketo talk to our guests and make them feel like home There is a supermarket just  around the corner; You can walk from home to the metro station Colonel Fabien  in 3 minutes, to the parc des Buttes Chaumont in 5 minutes and to the Canal de L'Ourcq in 10 minutes. But you can also stay home and enjoy the view! Coming
4644		Chambre au calme, avec vue sur jardin verdoyant, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont. Colocation de 4 personnes, dans un appartement lumineux et calme. Pièces communes agréables, ambiance respectueuse des rythmes de chacun. Cuisine & SDB toutes équipées.
4645	30m² apartment with a beautiful panoramic view over the famous Buttes Chaumont park and the East of Paris. Located in the young, bohemian, family-friendly 19th arrondissement right in front of the bassin de la Villette canal, where people come to play boules and picnic late into the long summer evenings. All along the canal you'll find restaurants, bars, cinemas and theatres on the quays and on houseboats; plus all the conveniences you'd expect - supermarkets, butchers, fromageries and boulangeries with delicious Parisian pastries. The apartment is quiet and well lit, on the 14th floor of the building. You'll have a large, comfortable sofa bed, a spacious separate kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and a balcony with a table and chairs so you can enjoy the view while you eat. The apartment has WIFI internet, a stereo, a coffee machine, a washing machine etc. There is a parking space in the basement that you can use if you have a car. The closest metro stations are a couple of minutes wal	30m² apartment with a beautiful panoramic view over the famous Buttes Chaumont park and the East of Paris. Located in the young, bohemian, family-friendly 19th arrondissement right in front of the bassin de la Villette canal, where people come to play boules and picnic late into the long summer evenings. All along the canal you'll find restaurants, bars, cinemas and theatres on the quays and on houseboats; plus all the conveniences you'd expect - supermarkets, butchers, fromageries and boulangeries with delicious Parisian pastries. The apartment is quiet and well lit, on the 14th floor of the building. You'll have a large, comfortable sofa bed, a spacious separate kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and a balcony with a table and chairs so you can enjoy the view while you eat. The apartment has WIFI internet, a stereo, a coffee machine, a washing machine etc. There is a parking space in the basement that you can use if you have a car. The closest metro stations are a couple of minutes wal
4646	Our appartment is nice, like many other but i promise you very good welcome and clean and sunny appartment ! You won't be desappointed ! The appartment is located in a nice neighborhood and the canal just beside is quite pleasant and go can make a walk to La Villette or to the Canal Saint Martin. Ideally located in the 19th arrondissement: 5 minutes walk from Subway (lines 7), close to Montmartre. Great confort, Free Wifi Suitable for 3 persons (1 large room + sofa).	For 3 pers (1 bed+sofa (but not sofa-bed) Secure building with elevator. French market 2 times a week in front of the building. At 20mn of the heart of Paris : Châtelet & Chaussée d'Antin-Lafayette Near La Vilette & Canal de l'Ourcq Enjoy your stay ! Our appartment is nice, like many other but i promise you very good welcome and clean and sunny appartment ! You won't be desappointed ! The appartment is located in a nice neighborhood and the canal just beside is quite pleasant and go can make a walk to La Villette or to the Canal Saint Martin. Ideally located in the 19th arrondissement: 5 minutes walk from Subway (lines 7), close to Montmartre. Great confort, Free Wifi Suitable for 3 persons (1 large room + sofa). - Kitchen well equiped - Bathroom with bathtube - Great room for 2 persons bed - Spacious living with TV, Internet, books and BD and a sofa (but not sofa-bed) - Nice balcony When we'll give you the keys !  We'll be very happy to share with you Parisian tips and must go places 
4647	Apartment with mezzanine bedroom, open kitchen with bar and bathroom with toilet. Direct access to the shared terrass. The apartment is fully equipped and includes: - A kitchen with two hot plates, microwave, hob, Nespresso machine, large fridge/freezer, washer dryer, all kitchen utensils, bar, storage. - A living room includes a sofa, a coffee table, several stools, a dining table for 2-6 persons with 4 chairs, desk. - A loft bedroom with a little dressing room - A bathroom with Italian shower, sink and storage. - A terrass (not private) with a table and two chairs, a bike, a cubbyhole.	Apartment with mezzanine bedroom, open kitchen with bar and bathroom with toilet. Direct access to the shared terrass. Apartment with mezzanine bedroom, open kitchen with bar and bathroom with toilet. Direct access to the shared terrass. The apartment is fully equipped and includes: - A kitchen with two hot plates, microwave, hob, Nespresso machine, large fridge/freezer, washer dryer, all kitchen utensils, bar, storage. - A living room includes a sofa, a coffee table, several stools, a dining table for 2-6 persons with 4 chairs, desk. - A loft bedroom with a little dressing room - A bathroom with Italian shower, sink and storage. - A terrass (not private) with a table and two chairs, a bike, a cubbyhole. The terrass is not private, it is shared with three other apartments. The apartment is very well equipped, you will not miss anything! A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by pho
4648		une chambre avec un lit très confortable dans un bel appartement à coté du parc Buttes-Chaumont. Une vraie literie de qualité,2 placards de rangement. Nous garantissons une bonne ambiance en vous accueillant.
4649	Petit bâtiment de 3 étage situer au cœur du 19 eme métro ligne 11 à 5 minutes . Centre de Paris à 15 minutes . Au pied de l'immeuble , commerces ouvert jusqu'à 2 h du matin et grand parc . 	Appartement 42 m2 situer à 15 minutes du centre de Paris . Au pied de l'immeuble métro ligne 11 , grand parc , commerces . À 5 minutes du parc des butte Chaumont . ( wifi , cuisine toute équipé grande chambre , salon salle à manger , canapè convertible , écran plat ) .  Petit bâtiment de 3 étage situer au cœur du 19 eme métro ligne 11 à 5 minutes . Centre de Paris à 15 minutes . Au pied de l'immeuble , commerces ouvert jusqu'à 2 h du matin et grand parc .  Canapè d'angle convertible 2 personnes , wifi , écran plat avec chaîne de freebox , salle de bain + toilette grande cuisine toute équipé . ( four , lave linge , frigo , congélateur , cafetière , grillè pain , plaque de cuisson .  Accueil et attention auprès des voyageur seront au rendez vous . Nous seront présent pour les renseigner mais très peu de temps pour les accompagné dans leurs visite de Paris : appartement pouvant être entièrement libre pour 4 personnes du 18 ou 19 août au 26 août 2014 : 600 euros  Grand parc très agréable a
4650	Très agréable à vivre, lumineux. Le quartier est très agréable.	Appartement de 45 m2, sympa, confortable, équipé. Très proche métro. Une vraie chambre, salle de bains et WC séparés. Très calme. 6 e asc. Proximité du quartier vivant du Bassin de la Villette, 104, Cite des Sciences, Philarmonie, Buttes Chaumont.... Très agréable à vivre, lumineux. Le quartier est très agréable. Lave vaiselle, lave linge Je serai joignable par mail pendant toute la durée du séjour et par téléphone. La quartier de la Villette est très animé le soir en été  autour du Bassin. Facile de faire son jogging sur les bars du canal. Petit déjeuner ou apéro le soir sur les péniches du bassin. Très rapidement dans l'hyper centre de Paris avec la ligne 7. Ligne 7, Crimée. La station est à 50m de l'appartement. Bus 54 - 60. Autolib et vélin très proches.
4651	It is very pleasant to stay on the balcony and enjoy the view. it's a quite street and I'm sure you will love the decoration of the studio, based on my trips abroad. It's is only 5 min walk to this beautiful big park les Buttes Chaumont.	"It is a roomy studio (33 m²), very bright and clean with a seperate kitchen and a bathroom and the best part: a nice big balcony with a beautiful view. You will feel confortable! The area is very pleasant (market, shops and good restaurants). It is very pleasant to stay on the balcony and enjoy the view. it's a quite street and I'm sure you will love the decoration of the studio, based on my trips abroad. It's is only 5 min walk to this beautiful big park les Buttes Chaumont. You will have full access (even to the closet :-)) You will be able to reach me and I will give you a local contact. Close to metro station ""Place des fêtes"""
4652	To avoid misunderstandings, you must know that this is a room inside our apartment, and that we have a 2 yeas old baby. We share the bathroom, the toilet and the kitchen. You can watch some others pics and read more info of the flat in this link: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1703490 	"Nice and bright room, with a very confy sofabed for 2 persons, and a little desk. The flat is situated in a semi-pedestrian street, with many restaurants. A few meters from the subway, just in front of ""parc de la Villette"". Ideal for a couple visiting Paris. To avoid misunderstandings, you must know that this is a room inside our apartment, and that we have a 2 yeas old baby. We share the bathroom, the toilet and the kitchen. You can watch some others pics and read more info of the flat in this link: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1703490 You will have access to the kitchen if you feel like cooking. Just clean it when you're done. We will be there to answer any question you have about your visit in Paris. We might share a meal if we coordinate... Take a look in our apartment page www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1703490 ""Porte de Pantin"" stop, metro line 5 (orange)"
4653	Studio  25 m2 between 10 ieme and 19 ieme NEW district served by the line 11 Belleville or pyrénées and the line 2 Belleville ground floor  decorated with flowers  small courtyard   bright  parquet mezzanine with double bed and sofa double bed bathroom: shower + washbasin . WC kitchen refrigerator, washing machine, oven, oven microwave. Hi-fi + link IPOD Record player	Studio  25 m2 between 10 ieme and 19 ieme NEW district served by the line 11 Belleville or pyrénées and the line 2 Belleville ground floor  decorated with flowers  small courtyard   bright  parquet mezzanine with double bed and sofa double bed bathroom: shower + washbasin . WC kitchen refrigerator, washing machine, oven, oven microwave. Hi-fi + link IPOD Record player
4654	Very charming studio . Close to subway and shops A really nice neighborhood. 15 minutes by metro from the center of Paris . The studio is practical, bright and comfortable for 1 or 2 people	Very charming studio . Close to subway and shops A really nice neighborhood. 15 minutes by metro from the center of Paris . The studio is practical, bright and comfortable for 1 or 2 people Very charming studio . Close to subway and shops A really nice neighborhood. 15 minutes by metro from the center of Paris . The studio is practical, bright and comfortable for 1 or 2 people Very comfortable and practical , this studio has been studied by an architect. It is bright and quiet and close to various shops and transport practice. This studio will charm you! It sleeps 2 people. This studio has an equipped kitchen  , a nice bathroom, wc ( sani grinder ), a double bed ( folding ) and a washing machine. Bed linen and towels are provided. The whole apartment is available Someone will be there to welcome you and help you if needed ! In any case , I remain reachable by email . Le quartier de Jourdain et la rue de Belleville sont animés, remplie de commerçants de quartier, comme un petit village.
4655		Jepeux partager mon appartement pour un week end pour un couple voulant visiter la capitale.  ligne 7 metro riquet
4656	We offer a private bedroom in a flat occupied by two cousins / cousins. It's an apartment of 80 square meters where it feels good in a typical Parisian Haussmann building ! The apartment has two bedrooms (12 and 15 sqm) , each room is of course closed for privacy, a large living room with lounge , dining room and open to the kitchen, a bathroom with toilet in but closed . Beautiful wooden floors , double glazing, rooms are bright . Being rarely absent together , we propose juste one bedroom in the apartment.We will specify which of course room will be assigned upon your arrival . In the room you will have clean sheets, duvets, pillows, towels, mirrors , electrical outlets, lights , television ( depending of the room ) . We may, in exceptional circumstances, for 1 or 2 additional guests with you because the sofa is convertible (additional 30 € per additional person per night) .	A cozy private room in a nice apartment very well equipped, a small cozy nest to blow after a good day to trudge in Paris . It is located in the 19th north of the downtown ( 15-20 min by metro (LINE 7) ) . We offer a private bedroom in a flat occupied by two cousins / cousins. It's an apartment of 80 square meters where it feels good in a typical Parisian Haussmann building ! The apartment has two bedrooms (12 and 15 sqm) , each room is of course closed for privacy, a large living room with lounge , dining room and open to the kitchen, a bathroom with toilet in but closed . Beautiful wooden floors , double glazing, rooms are bright . Being rarely absent together , we propose juste one bedroom in the apartment.We will specify which of course room will be assigned upon your arrival . In the room you will have clean sheets, duvets, pillows, towels, mirrors , electrical outlets, lights , television ( depending of the room ) . We may, in exceptional circumstances, for 1 or 2 additional gues
4657		Big, spacious and comfortable apartment in the north east of Paris. It’s at the 5th floor, with lift, in a building of the 80s. 3min. walking from Metro: Crimée (line7), 5min. walking from the “Canal de l’ourcq” (lovelies walks, restaurants, bars and cinemas); 20 min. subway from The Opera, Montmartre; 15min.walking from the “Parc de la Villette”, next to the “104”(Cultural Center: shows, exhibitions, booking shop, adults and child activities). You have a lot of supermarkets, outside markets, bakeries, restaurants, …. There are 3 Bedrooms: -1 bedroom with a double bed  -1 bedroom with 1 double bed + 1 mezzanine double bed -1 child bedroom with 1 simple bed + 1 mezzanine simple bed There is 1 bathroom with a bath tub and separated WC; 1 small room with a washing machine; a big living room with a sofa bed; a kitchen with all furniture for cooking (oven, stove tops and refrigerator) and a balcony.  WIFI access. The apartment is no empty, we have all our things in our house because we live
4658		Chambre spacieuse avec un lit double; appartement neuf et propre, tout équipé (lave vaisselle, machine à laver, four et micro-onde, télé, wifi).Quartier super agréable, juste à côté du parc de la Vilette, à deux pas du métro Corentin Cariou
4659	The apartment is flooded with light and is open onto the Bassin de la Villette. It has been recently renovated and re-decorated in a New-York loft style - exposed brick, steel beams and waxed-concrete walls. The bathroom boasts an incredible view onto the canal and is equipped with a clothes dryer. The kitchen opens onto a vast living space and dining (email hidden)e kitchen is very well equipped with an oven, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, microwave and all of the equipment needed to prepare a meal.  In the living room there is a convertible sofa which can sleep 2 extra guests. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a very comfortable mattress (160x200). The enormous advantage of this bedroom is its large closet with plenty of space to hang clothes. In both the bedroom and the living room you can adjust the light settings to choose your ambiance. There is WIFI connection and a high end sound system. As for the area, you could not be more spoilt for choice. During	The apartment is flooded with light and is open onto the Bassin de la Villette. It has been recently renovated and re-decorated in a New-York loft style - exposed brick, steel beams and waxed-concrete walls. The bathroom boasts an incredible view onto the canal and is equipped with a clothes dryer. The kitchen opens onto a vast living space and dining (email hidden)e kitchen is very well equipped with an oven, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, microwave and all of the equipment needed to prepare a meal.  In the living room there is a convertible sofa which can sleep 2 extra guests. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a very comfortable mattress (160x200). The enormous advantage of this bedroom is its large closet with plenty of space to hang clothes. In both the bedroom and the living room you can adjust the light settings to choose your ambiance. There is WIFI connection and a high end sound system. As for the area, you could not be more spoilt for choice. During
4660		deux pièces très lumineux proche du parc des buttes Chaumont et parc de la Villette. proche métro et supermarché. Tres confortable et atypique... ATTENTION 7eme etage sans ascenseur
4661	Appartement décoré avec soin (déco vintage et scandinave), très calme et tout confort!	Appartement décoré avec soin (déco vintage et scandinave), très calme et tout confort! 4ème étage AVEC ascenseur Je suis très disponible pour échanger et faire en sorte que tout se passe bien. Je me ferai une joie de conseiller des restaurants, des bars, ou des endroits insolites à visiter! Le canal Saint-Martin est à deux minutes à pied, c'est un régal de s'y balader à pied ou à vélo. Le parc de Vilette est aussi un lieu très agréable pour les parisiens et les touristes. C'est un quartier très vivant, très animé avec beaucoup de bars et de restaurants branchés prés du canal! Lignes 2, 7, 5 à Jaurès, Stalingrad ou Riquet. La caution s'applique uniquement pour les longs séjours.
4662	The apartment is a duplex with two levels: two bathroom, toilets and balcony and with large window. The residence is in a beautiful garden. The duplex is shared with a Hong Kong photographer who speak Chinese and a history teacher. Bedroom with a private fridge	5minutes by walking to the canal in Paris, charming, bright and spacious room, in a duplex with direct access to a balcony, and a bathroom. Building in a huge garden.  3 minutes from métro Crimée. 20 minutes to Louvre, 40 minutes to Eiffel tour. The apartment is a duplex with two levels: two bathroom, toilets and balcony and with large window. The residence is in a beautiful garden. The duplex is shared with a Hong Kong photographer who speak Chinese and a history teacher. Bedroom with a private fridge Direct access to a balcony, share kitchen, bathroom private, except share the washing machine in the bathroom. Feel free to ask any questions about Paris, your stay. I'm teacher for history subject, I can advise you for interesting places and exhibitions.  Chinese photographer can explain in chinese. - The canal de l'Ourcq with romantic walk nearby the bridge or the park LA Villette 5 minutes -free film outdoor sometimes in english in the park de la villette, during the summer, by walkin
4663	 30m2 : une cuisine, une chambre séjour, sdb (refaite en août), wc séparés, internet, TV. Situé au square bolivar, appartement très charmant, lumineux, calme, proche commerces, à 2min du parc des Buttes Chaumont. 	Charmant appartement avec cuisine séparée dans le 19ième à côté du Parc des Buttes Chaumont.Quartier très agréable et calme à 10 mn du centre ville. 30m2 : une cuisine, une chambre séjour, sdb (refaite en août), wc séparés, internet, TV. Situé au square bolivar, appartement très charmant, lumineux, calme, proche commerces, à 2min du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Totalité de l'appartement échange possible Je ne serai pas présent dans l'appartement Les Buttes Chaumont http://(email hidden)/balades/balade-dans-le-parc-des-buttes-chaumont/ Quartier très agréable, très vert grâce au parc, de nombreux bistrots et brasseries typiques parisiennes (le Rosa Bonheur, le Folies, le Zorba), deux marchés à 10 minutes du centre ville en métro (5 stations) ou près de quartier plus populaire comme Belleville et 10 mn en bus ou 15 mn à pied du canal de l'ourcq (cinéma/bars…) Le marché de la place des fêtes (website hidden) L'espace pailleron piscine découverte/patinoire/salle de sport (website hidden) Métro
4664		Location : Avenue de Flandres, Paris 19 1er étage avec ascenseur Métro : Crimée (Ligne 7) Entrée : séjour, chambres : Sol marbre, Canapé en cuir d'angle,  Lave-linge, sèche-linge, lave vaisselle, écran plat dans toutes les pièces.
4665		A votre disposition, pour vous assurer de pouvoir cuisiner en toute tranquilité: un micro-onde, four, machine à café italienne téléphone (surtout sms) et par email A proximité, n'hésitez pas à laisser vos pas vous guider au Parc de la Villette, vous prélasser sur les pelouses des Buttes Chaumonts, vous relaxer sur les abords du Canal de l'Ourcq... Accès Métro ligne 5, station Ourcq à moins de 5 minutes à pied Je suis disponible pour indiquer les restaurants, bars, commerces du quartier mais aussi dans le reste de Paris :)
4666	Very clean, well equipped , Commercial & subway nearby Flyers, subway map and different indications will be provided on site to enjoy your stay 5th floor. No elevator	Calm and functional flat in an old building . Well equipped, separated kitchen & bathroom, double bed , Wifi. A 1min walk from subway Corentin Cariou (number 7 : Opéra - Louvre - Palais Royal - Lafayette) and 2min from Parc de la Villette Very clean, well equipped , Commercial & subway nearby Flyers, subway map and different indications will be provided on site to enjoy your stay 5th floor. No elevator The apartment is available . Towels are provided and clean. Shower, shampoo , toothpaste, soap ... The area is very nice. Strolling along the canal is a real pleasure . Canal Saint-Martin a little further is a must for socializing and meet people. You can rent an electric boat without a license for a short trip with friends along the canal Subway line 7 - 1min walk Franprix is situated just down the building, open 7/ 7
4667	L'appartement se trouve dans un bel immeuble bien entretenu avec gardienne. L'appartement se trouve au calme sur une cour arborée.	Idéal pour un pied à terre à Paris  Le studio comprend : salle de B. (douche, lavabo, WC, lave linge), cuisine bien équipée, lit 2 places très confortable, Internet et télévision.  Son prix attractif permet un séjour idyllique! L'appartement se trouve dans un bel immeuble bien entretenu avec gardienne. L'appartement se trouve au calme sur une cour arborée. Métro Riquet (Ligne 7 - rose)  Bus 54 Le quartier sera vous accueillir avec ces nombreux animations et bars... Il se situe proche du Canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la villette, des endroits agréables pour s'y promener. Le 104, un lieu culturel et d'expositions est à 2 minutes de l'appartement. Métro Riquet (ligne 7)
4668	Immeuble sécurisé, cuisine spacieuse ouverte sur le salon avec canapé et bureau, Appartement et salle de bain très propres avec grande douche en céramique toute neuve. Tout équipé : internet, four, lave-vaisselle, lave linge, bouilloire, etc. Lit avec super matelas 200x140.	Appartement de 35m2 entièrement refait à neuf dans un quartier très vivant. Lumineux et calme, trois fenêtres donnent sur une cour avec des arbres, sans vis à vis direct. Cuisine spacieuse, salle de bain avec grande douche. Wifi (fibre). Non fumeur. Immeuble sécurisé, cuisine spacieuse ouverte sur le salon avec canapé et bureau, Appartement et salle de bain très propres avec grande douche en céramique toute neuve. Tout équipé : internet, four, lave-vaisselle, lave linge, bouilloire, etc. Lit avec super matelas 200x140. Nous avons quelques adresses favorites dans le quartier (et nous les partageons avec plaisir !) A quelques mètres de l'appartement, le Canal de l'Ourcq, idéal aux beaux jours pour louer un bateau électrique, jouer à la pétanque en sirotant un pastis ou pour découvrir les quais ensoleillés. Vous y trouverez des restaurants, des bars, deux cinémas (MK2), des théâtres sur les quais ou sur les péniches ; mais aussi plein de petits commerces (boulanger, boucher, fromager, pri
4669	Up to 4 guests can sleep in the big bed and the big sofabed	Up to 4 guests can sleep in the big bed and the big sofabed All Ideally located, close to Parc de la Villette, Canal de l'Ourqc, quai de seine, Buttes Chaumont, Zenith de paris, Philarmonie Proximity metro, bus, Velib, Autolib, 5 minutes tram and ring. Access airport by rer train
4670	price, proximity to restaurant, supermarket etc, easy access to the transport, room cleaned,	please keep the room and common place clean if possible  please don't make a lot of noise in the room after mid night  please don't disturb my roommate,  please don't cook,  please don't lose the key price, proximity to restaurant, supermarket etc, easy access to the transport, room cleaned, room rent, bathroom and showerroom they are quiet There is a good Chinese restaurant 双客酒楼 and all different kinds of supermarket. Peoples there are friendly. 
4671		Appartement familial de 75m2 près des quais de seine et du très beau parc des buttes chaumont. Situé au 11ème étage d'une résidence calme il est très lumineux aéré et offre une belle vue sur paris avec deux grands balcons filant. Métro ligne 2,5,7,7b
4672		The fully renovated 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment features a breathtaking view of Paris from the 12th floor. Fully equipped kitchen and modern furniture. Close to the public transportation network (Metro, buses and Tramway) is just 15 min away from all touristic attractions.
4673	I rent a 9m2 room in my 56m2 appartment in the 19th district (or arrondissement!), very close to the Laumière metro stop on line 5 and at a walking distance to the very enjoyable parc des buttes chaumont or parc de la villette	je propose une petite chambre (de 9m2) dans appartement de 56m2 dans le 19e arrondissement, à 2 pas du metro LAUMIERE (ligne 5). idéalement situé à coté du parc des buttes chaumont et du bassin de la villette. I rent a 9m2 room in my 56m2 appartment in the 19th district (or arrondissement!), very close to the Laumière metro stop on line 5 and at a walking distance to the very enjoyable parc des buttes chaumont or parc de la villette
4674	You will have a nice and restful experience in my flat for several reasons :  - It is so rare in Paris that it is worth mentioning it: the apartment is bright and ... calm ! You will enjoy nice and restful nights, also thanks to the high-quality bed. - The apartment is perfectly located to visit Paris and discover the Parisian way-of-life: Thanks to the subway located 5' walking from my place, you will be able to reach the main touristic places in around 15-20 minutes (Notre Dame, Louvre, Centre Pompidou, Sacré Coeur, Père Lachaise Cementery). - You will be able to discover some key places that are loved by Parisians, but not so well know by tourists : Canal Saint Martin, Parc des Buttes Chaumont, La Villette. - After a day of urban life, you will have the opportunity to rest, walk, even do jogging in the parc des Buttes Chaumont, a peaceful and king of wild park. - You will have access to shops, restaurants, bars, and a French boulangerie and a French Café just downstairs the flat! - 	"Lovely ""parisian style"" flat with two rooms : large bedroom with king size bed and living room with an open kitchen fully equipped.  Calm and bright,located close to restaurants, bars, shops, subways (only 15' from the center of Paris), Buttes Chaumont Park (2') and Canal Saint Martin (15' walking). You will have a nice and restful experience in my flat for several reasons :  - It is so rare in Paris that it is worth mentioning it: the apartment is bright and ... calm ! You will enjoy nice and restful nights, also thanks to the high-quality bed. - The apartment is perfectly located to visit Paris and discover the Parisian way-of-life: Thanks to the subway located 5' walking from my place, you will be able to reach the main touristic places in around 15-20 minutes (Notre Dame, Louvre, Centre Pompidou, Sacré Coeur, Père Lachaise Cementery). - You will be able to discover some key places that are loved by Parisians, but not so well know by tourists : Canal Saint Martin, Parc des Buttes Ch"
4675	Cet appartement moderne et tout équipé vous ravira par son charme, son confort, et son emplacement. Idéal pour une famille, cet appartement offre un logement confortable pour 5 personnes.  La grande terrasse 17m2 vous permettra de déjeuner au soleil pour les beaux jours.  Le grand salon salle à manger ouvert sur la cuisine tout équipée . 25m2 Une chambre parentale avec un lit double , climatisation et volet électrique  Une chambre avec un lit 1place en mezzanine et un canapé lit double.  2 salles de bains avec 2 toilettes séparés	Appartement trois pièces neuf, lumineux, doté d'une terrasse et climatisé.  Le quartier Secrétan avec commerces, restaurants, cinémas, parcs, canal St Martin,  La Villette expo, etc. Proximité avec le cœur de Paris grâce aux deux stations de métro. Cet appartement moderne et tout équipé vous ravira par son charme, son confort, et son emplacement. Idéal pour une famille, cet appartement offre un logement confortable pour 5 personnes.  La grande terrasse 17m2 vous permettra de déjeuner au soleil pour les beaux jours.  Le grand salon salle à manger ouvert sur la cuisine tout équipée . 25m2 Une chambre parentale avec un lit double , climatisation et volet électrique  Une chambre avec un lit 1place en mezzanine et un canapé lit double.  2 salles de bains avec 2 toilettes séparés Machine à laver. Cuisine équipée.  WIFI. Je suis à quelques rues de l'appartement pour la gestion des commodités si besoin. Mon numéro de téléphone sera laissé si besoin. En plein coeur du 19e arrondissement, a quel
4676	Hello there!  In need of a room for the weekend? I am renting my room in the 19th Arrondissement of Paris, close to the Buttes Chaumont. The apartment features anything you will need for your stay and the neighborhood is very quiet.  The room is perfect for one although it will very comfortably fit a couple! Very fast Wi-Fi is included, 5th floor with two elevators, quiet neighborhood, 1 min from Metro walking.  The heart of the city is at a 12 min metro ride! You will be able to shop for food or groceries in the neighborhood itself, lots of cheap places and amazing people - bakers, butchers, supermarkets, post office, you name it! A few useful information :  -Metro Télégraphe (11) : 1 min walking from the apartment.  -Tramway Porte des Lilas (3b) 5 min walking from the apartement  -Station Velib (city bikes) 1 min walking from the apartement.  -Bus Noctilien (night buses) stops right in front of the apartment.	Hello there! I'm renting my room in the 19th Arrondissement of Paris - Metro Télégraphe.  Although I'm only renting my room (about 11 square meters), you will be able to enjoy the whole apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor of a building 
4677		CHAMBRE EN APPARTEMENT DE 25m2 A LOUER A 50 METRES DU METRO. SALLE DE BAIN ET CUISINE TOUTE EQUIPEE. QUARTIER CALME ET POPULAIRE. PARIS NORD PROCHE PARC DE LA VILLETTE ET CANAL DE L'OURCQ. TOUTES CHARGES COMPRISES 400 EUROS LA SEMAINE.
4678		You will have access to the entire flat except from my room. Don't hesitate to ask if you have any question or need any tips about the area or the city! We are two flatmates and we let one of our room free, meaning there will always be one of us to receive you! We are both big travelers and love meeting other people, we would be glad to share a drink with you!
4679	Hi! I'm offering my own Paris apartment for seasonal rental, on a daily or weekly basis . It is a nice, roomy (approx 900 sq feet) sunny place, within walking distance to an  olympic size public swimming pool (you can see it from the kitchen!), walking distance to beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont (see pictures) and walking distance to Parc de la Villette (concerts, outdoors movie fest) It has 2 baths, 1 ensuite master bedroom with king size bed (the mattress is a futon, I like them firm, be aware of that if you prefer going soft), 2 teen bedrooms (1 adult size single bes, 80cmX190cm in each room), a double spaced living room. Sleeps 4 adults free wifi, access to my CD/DVD and book collections and Yamaha digital piano. Pets welcome.  Nice residential building.  I recently had the place re-painted and just got a new futon sofa in the living room (possibility for an additional adult to sleep there) Friendly and helpful neighbors. book now for this summer! Philippe	Three bedroom in quiet street but lively neighborhood, next to park and public swimming pool, close to all Parisian activities (museum, movies and more!) This is my home place and I offer a special summer rate while my kids and I are out of town. Hi! I'm offering my own Paris apartment for seasonal rental, on a daily or weekly basis . It is a nice, roomy (approx 900 sq feet) sunny place, within walking distance to an  olympic size public swimming pool (you can see it from the kitchen!), walking distance to beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont (see pictures) and walking distance to Parc de la Villette (concerts, outdoors movie fest) It has 2 baths, 1 ensuite master bedroom with king size bed (the mattress is a futon, I like them firm, be aware of that if you prefer going soft), 2 teen bedrooms (1 adult size single bes, 80cmX190cm in each room), a double spaced living room. Sleeps 4 adults free wifi, access to my CD/DVD and book collections and Yamaha digital piano. Pets welcome.  Nice res
4680		Grande chambre dans un deux pièces cosy. Peut accueillir 2 personnes.. Se situe dans une rue calme en plein cœur du 19ème à proximité du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du Canal de l'Ourcq et de la Villette ... Cuisine + salle de bain + internet Je passerais du temps avec mes voyageurs bien entendu, quand je serais sur place... Il est bien desservi, on a accès à tous les petits commerce à proximité.. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont si l'envie nous prends de vouloir bronzer ou pic niquer au soleil, la Villette si envie de suivre des concerts en plein air ou pourquoi pas au zénith de Paris, le canal de l'ourcq à 2 pas... Ligne 5 arrêt Laumière
4681	A simple charm in the heart of a quiet residential area with surprising little houses aligned on the slopes leading to the Buttes Chaumont . 46 m2 on 6th floor (no elevator , it's good for legs ... ) Airy , double exposure , bright and well distributed with a large main kitchen / living / dining area and a small bathroom, small toilet , and comfortable bedroom with a double bed, dresser and closet + wardrobe.	Beautifully decorated two-room, cozy, all amenities ! Can accommodate 4 people: double bed room, double sofa bed in the living room, in a quiet & green street close to the Buttes Chaumont park. Metro, Tram , shops, Vélib & Autolib A simple charm in the heart of a quiet residential area with surprising little houses aligned on the slopes leading to the Buttes Chaumont . 46 m2 on 6th floor (no elevator , it's good for legs ... ) Airy , double exposure , bright and well distributed with a large main kitchen / living / dining area and a small bathroom, small toilet , and comfortable bedroom with a double bed, dresser and closet + wardrobe. (website hidden)
4682	French/NZ couple sublet cosy Paris apartment. 7min from the centre of Paris by metro! Or walk to the centre in 25/30min. Situated metro Jourdain, in the19th arrondissement. A really nice area with lots of little shops. (good cheese shops, bakery, butcher, wine etc, and also a really good food market up the road every tue, fri and sun), plus an attractive gothic church facing the metro. 5min walk to the beautiful park les Buttes Chaumont and just up the road from lively Belleville with cool bars and chinese restaurants.  On the ground floor looking into a calm courtyard, The apartment is 36m2, light with 2 big windows in the main living room with an open kitchen and high ceiling.  There is a small bedroom with double bed,a bathroom and a separate toilet.  Plus a room of 9m2 that we will be closing off for storage of our instruments and clothes. Considering that we are keeping one of the rooms for storage we propose to sublet the apartment fully furnished with sheets, towels, washing mac	c French/NZ couple sublet cosy Paris apartment. 7min from the centre of Paris by metro! Or walk to the centre in 25/30min. Situated metro Jourdain, in the19th arrondissement. A really nice area with lots of little shops. (good cheese shops, bakery, butcher, wine etc, and also a really good food market up the road every tue, fri and sun), plus an attractive gothic church facing the metro. 5min walk to the beautiful park les Buttes Chaumont and just up the road from lively Belleville with cool bars and chinese restaurants.  On the ground floor looking into a calm courtyard, The apartment is 36m2, light with 2 big windows in the main living room with an open kitchen and high ceiling.  There is a small bedroom with double bed,a bathroom and a separate toilet.  Plus a room of 9m2 that we will be closing off for storage of our instruments and clothes. Considering that we are keeping one of the rooms for storage we propose to sublet the apartment fully furnished with sheets, towels, washing m
4683	price, proximity to restaurant, supermarket etc, easy access to the transport, room cleaned,	price, proximity to restaurant, supermarket etc, easy access to the transport, room cleaned, room rent, bathroom and showerroom My roommate will be in charge of delivery of keys. There is a good Chinese restaurant 双客酒楼 and all different kinds of supermarket. Peoples there are friendly. Metro 5
4684	Appartement en duplex avec :  • Une cuisine toute équipée (plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur, machine nescafé, machine à laver/sèche-linge …) • Un salon avec vue sur la terrasse, canapé (canapé lit 2 places), une télé (canal +) • Une chambre à l'étage avec un grand lit 2 places + rangements. • Une salle de bain (douche, sèche cheveux, produits …)	Très bel appartement cosy en duplex.  Surface de 40m², spacieux et calme, avec une très belle terrasse de 10m². Au pied du métro Botzaris (ligne 7 bis) et du parc des Buttes- Chaumont, à 3 min à pied du métro Place des Fêtes (ligne 11) Appartement en duplex avec :  • Une cuisine toute équipée (plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur, machine nescafé, machine à laver/sèche-linge …) • Un salon avec vue sur la terrasse, canapé (canapé lit 2 places), une télé (canal +) • Une chambre à l'étage avec un grand lit 2 places + rangements. • Une salle de bain (douche, sèche cheveux, produits …) • Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. • Internet sans fil. • Tout l'appartement est disponible. • Au pied du parc les Buttes-Chaumont, le plus grand (et le plus beau) parc de Paris. • Un quartier agréable et familial • Un grand marché 3 fois par semaine (marché Place des Fêtes chaque mardi, vendredi et dimanche jusqu'à 14H). • À proximité : commerçants de quartier (boulange
4685	Ideal for couple with kid	3 rooms apartment - 65m2 full equipped -  first floor - very good condition - wonderful location Ideal for couple with kid Les voisins sont sympas et le quartier très vivant : boulangerie, boucherie et épicerie en bas de l'immeuble, supermarché à 2 min à pied. Chaque jeudi et dimanche, un grand marché à 5 min à pied.    Nous sommes au bord du canal de l'Ourcq, promenade très agréable à pied ou en vélo grâce à des pistes cyclables aménagées sur plusieurs kilomètres   Tous les étés, Paris Plage s'y installe avec de nombreuses animations gratuites pour les petits et les grands : manèges, accrobranche, bal musette, canoé sur le canal, spectacles, restaurants de plein air. Autour du bassin, vous pourrez prendre un verre en terrasse, faire une partie de pétanque ou écouter un concert sur une des péniches.   Le magnifique parc des Buttes Chaumont, est accessible à 10 minutes à pied. Subway Line 5 and 7 goes straight to Opera, Chatelet, Bastille, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Republique.
4686	"-very spacious living room with with one convertible bed - ""parents"" room with double bed -""children"" room with 1 high-sleeper bed and 1 mattress on the floor - fully equipped kitchen - bathroom with bathtub Every room with a balcony View on the Eiffel Tower (in the distance) from the parents' room."	"Calm and sunny apartment with 2 bedrooms and a very spacious living room. Well-located, in a very nice area, close to Buttes-Chaumont park. 2 balconies and a nice view on Paris. -very spacious living room with with one convertible bed - ""parents"" room with double bed -""children"" room with 1 high-sleeper bed and 1 mattress on the floor - fully equipped kitchen - bathroom with bathtub Every room with a balcony View on the Eiffel Tower (in the distance) from the parents' room. you will have access to the whole apartment, except a box room in which we store our things. I will be there to welcome you. Or if we are away, a friend will give you the key and be available while your stay. Calm and lively area next to Buttes-Chaumont Park, one of the most romantic place in Paris ! Great also for kids to play. Restaurants, cafés, small shops and market nearby. The apartment is at station ""Pyrénées"", metro line 11, which goes very fast to the city center. (Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou...)"
4687	You can use the hole space, just feel free! My neigbors are nice and friendly. The appartment is on 4th floor, so very clear with a nice view. It's calm, little courtyard.   	"40m2, quiet, 4th floor, 1 living (possible to sleep on couch), 1 bedroom for 2, independent kitchen, 5 minutes walk from canal de l'Ourcq (Paris Plages), Villette, Buttes Chaumont, Centre cultural 104. Restos, bars, supermarkets, ideal in summer! You can use the hole space, just feel free! My neigbors are nice and friendly. The appartment is on 4th floor, so very clear with a nice view. It's calm, little courtyard. Pick up and bring back the keys from/to my neigbors on 3rd floor. You can join my on my mobile The aria in the north east of Paris is ideal in summer: lots of park areas, 10 minutes walk to ""parc de la Villette"" and Buttes Chaumots, 5 minutes walk to ""canal de l'ourcq"" with ""Paris Plages"" and free boat tours. Lots of bars (bar ourqc), cafés (Chez Mézig, la rotonde), restaurants (my favorite: Au rendez-vous de la marine for frech sea-food) not to expensive. Possibility to do bicyle tours on canal de l'ourcq. The cultural center 104 is very interesting and stays open in summer"
4688	the apartment is fully equiped and you will find everything you need to make your stay confortable, free wifi and tv cable	Charming and cosy fully renovated litle apartment, perfect for a couple. (one living room and one bedroom) the apartment is fully equiped and you will find everything you need to make your stay confortable, free wifi and tv cable free wifi and tv cable Located next to canal Saint-Martin, Park de la vilette and Buttes chaumont. Which is one of the most beautifull parks in paris it is a nice place to relax, go for a walk and have a picnic on a sunny day, there you can also find a beautifull view of the city! around the flat you will find Restaurants, Supermarkets and Metro. 20 min from touristic famous places, Le Louvre, Saint Michel... 15 min from gare du Nord (Eurostar) 50 min from the Airport Charles de Gaulle 
4689	Bright studio of 27 m2, or 290 squared feet (one piece), 100M from canal Ourcq, between Parc de la Villette, and MK2 Quai de Seine cinemas. Ideal for 2 people. Top floor, bright, no neighbors facing windows, sky view, balcony, fireplace, hardwood floors, mirrors, overlooking a quiet street. You can have breakfast on the balcony where the sun is until noon. Bed: sofa bed in white leather sofa.  No television: it is useless. But you can look tv on your computer via internet. Wi FI free and unlimited. Cinemas 10 minutes walk from the apartment, and bars all along the canal where everybody picnics and plays petanque summer. You can discover the joys of electronic drums and read my books, and so, improve your french Kitchen: you'll can cook, and of course, fridge, coffee machine, toaster. dishes etc.... Towels and linens, washing machine. internet and wi fi, in the heart of the XIX ème arrondissement, near the park of Buttes Chaumont, Near many shops and grocery stores. 300 m (or 980 feet) 	Bright studio of 27 m2, or 290 squared feet (one piece), 100M from canal Ourcq, between Parc de la Villette, and MK2 Quai de Seine cinemas. Ideal for 2 people. Top floor, bright, no neighbors facing windows, sky view, balcony, fireplace, hardwood floors, mirrors, overlooking a quiet street. You can have breakfast on the balcony where the sun is until noon. Bed: sofa bed in white leather sofa.  No television: it is useless. But you can look tv on your computer via internet. Wi FI free and unlimited. Cinemas 10 minutes walk from the apartment, and bars all along the canal where everybody picnics and plays petanque summer. You can discover the joys of electronic drums and read my books, and so, improve your french Kitchen: you'll can cook, and of course, fridge, coffee machine, toaster. dishes etc.... Towels and linens, washing machine. internet and wi fi, in the heart of the XIX ème arrondissement, near the park of Buttes Chaumont, Near many shops and grocery stores. 300 m (or 980 feet) 
4690	Réveil au son des oiseaux dans un coin de nature au centre de Paris.Chambre dans une maison du 19eme siècle située dans un passage calme du quartier de Belleville. Près du parc des Buttes Chaumont, à 10mn en métro de la place de la République.  Nous sommes tous artistes, français, américaine, calmes et discrets (sérigraphe, comédienne/clown, dessinateurs). Agés de (phone number hidden)  ans . . Nous partageons un grand salon lumineux équipé d'une grande table. En hiver la cuisine vit au rythme des feux de cheminée. Métro, restaurants et salles de concerts à proximité.	Réveil au son des oiseaux dans un coin de nature au centre de Paris.Chambre dans une maison du 19eme siècle située dans un passage calme du quartier de Belleville. Près du parc des Buttes Chaumont, à 10mn en métro de la place de la République.  Nous sommes tous artistes, français, américaine, calmes et discrets (sérigraphe, comédienne/clown, dessinateurs). Agés de (phone number hidden)  ans . . Nous partageons un grand salon lumineux équipé d'une grande table. En hiver la cuisine vit au rythme des feux de cheminée. Métro, restaurants et salles de concerts à proximité. La chambre est équipée d'un matelas, d'une cuisine avec frigo et micro onde, une terasse privée donnant sur les toits et la végétation. Une salle de bain personnelle équipée d'une douche. La maison est connectée à internet par Wifi, et les appels téléphoniques sont illimités vers les fixes en Europe ainsi que sur les téléphones d'Amérique du nord We have decided to rent out this room through air bnb because we enjoy meeti
4691	Charming studio situated there rez of road in a paved street lined with particular houses  A charming studio full foot 22 with cooking(kitchen), bathroom with shower, double bed, arrangements. By the subway line 11  Telegraph or Place(Square) of the parties(holidays). Has 4 minutes of the logment. 3 swimming pools are situated in 5 in 10 minutes of housing a sports complex of which 2 Olympic ponds and spaces out him(it) Edouard Pailleron with 2 tennis courts in hard-packed surface possibility of reserving on (website hidden).	Charming studio situated there rez of road in a paved street lined with particular houses  A charming studio full foot 22 with cooking(kitchen), bathroom with shower, double bed, arrangements. By the subway line 11  Telegraph or Place(Square) of the parties(holidays). Has 4 minutes of the logment. 3 swimming pools are situated in 5 in 10 minutes of housing a sports complex of which 2 Olympic ponds and spaces out him(it) Edouard Pailleron with 2 tennis courts in hard-packed surface possibility of reserving on (website hidden). Has all which in the studio In the flesh verbally All shops Place des Fêtes and street Belleville.   Large market 2 times a week. 2 parks Buttes Chaumont and Red Buttes nearby. The wonderful parks Buttes Chaumont or red buttes be 10 minutes by subway from downtown Vélib stations and transport links nearby.   pools are located 5-10 minutes from the apartments, 2 pools and Olympic sports complex space Edouard Pailleron with 2 clay tennis courts beaten possibility to
4692	This modern and fully equipped apartment will delight you with its charm, comfort and location in the city. Ideal for a family, it offers comfortable accommodation for 5 people. The large balcony allows you to lunch in the sun. The large living-dining room (33m2) is open on the fully equipped kitchen. A master bedroom with double bed. A guest room with 1 single mezzanine bed and double sofa bed. 2 bathrooms. Electric blinds in all rooms. Airco in living room and bedrooms.	2 BR modern apartment, sunny, quiet with airco. The Secretan neighborhood with shops, restaurants, cinemas, parks, St Martin canal, lake, La Villette exhibition, etc. Close to the heart of Paris thanks to the two metro stations. Hosts 5 people. This modern and fully equipped apartment will delight you with its charm, comfort and location in the city. Ideal for a family, it offers comfortable accommodation for 5 people. The large balcony allows you to lunch in the sun. The large living-dining room (33m2) is open on the fully equipped kitchen. A master bedroom with double bed. A guest room with 1 single mezzanine bed and double sofa bed. 2 bathrooms. Electric blinds in all rooms. Airco in living room and bedrooms. Free WIFI. Fully equipped kitchen w/dishwasher. Washing machine.   Room for bicycles. Recycling bins room. Secure underground parking in the same building. Ourselves or a trustworthy person will welcome you on your day of arrival. Same process at check-out. We live in the neigh
4693		Appartement situé dans Paris assez récent et spacieux. Vous disposez de tout le confort dont vous avez besoin avec les transports en commun à proximité ainsi que des commerces en tout genre. Pour plus d'informations, n'hésitez pas à me contacter.
4694	The apartment is on the 5th floor, there is an elevator and a janitor in the building. Very close to the metro station Botzaris, the building opens on one side on the the very wide Parc des Buttes Chaumont : a nice place to chill and picnic. There are 3 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 1 bedroom with a bed for one person (possibility to add a mattress on the floor for a child) 1 bedroom with a bed for one person that can convert into a bed for 2.	Bright and quiet, our apartment is located in North-EasParis, just along the beautiful Parc des Buttes Chaumont. The 3 bedrooms overlook a nice courtyard, and the wide living room overlooks the lovely rooftops and gardens of the houses of La Mouzaia. The apartment is on the 5th floor, there is an elevator and a janitor in the building. Very close to the metro station Botzaris, the building opens on one side on the the very wide Parc des Buttes Chaumont : a nice place to chill and picnic. There are 3 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 1 bedroom with a bed for one person (possibility to add a mattress on the floor for a child) 1 bedroom with a bed for one person that can convert into a bed for 2. The guests can access the whole apartment. The guests can reach us by phone during their stay. The immediate neighborhood is quiet and inhabited by families, there are very nice restaurants and bar we can indicate. Our apartment overviews a very charming neighborhood of little houses (very un
4695		Appartement meublé au pied du métro à 2min du canal, commerces de proximité
4696	Agencé pour un gain de place 	"Charmant 2 pièces traversant, 37m2, situé dans le quartier du canal de l'Ourcq L'appartement se compose d'un couloir-entrée, un ""double"" séjour, une cuisine équipée, un canapé, une grande chambre et son lit 2 places, ineternet, wi-fi, télé câblée. Agencé pour un gain de place Je peux libérer de temps en temps mon appart mais pas pour de longues périodes Les balades sur le canal  La geode et son parc Mes affaires personnelles restent dans l'appartement en mon absence"
4697		Set within a quiet and comfortable property near the Villette and Buttes de Chaumont Park, this light, newly renovated 30m2 studio is well connected by public transport (1min from M Crimée) to the main sights in Paris ~20min from the Louvre, Garnier Opera, Comedie Française by direct underground).
4698	Comfortable and equipped, it can accommodate a couple and 2 children maximum. It is composed of: - A living room with a sofa bed for 2, stereo, computer. Linens provided. - A bright and spacious room, bed 2 places. - A separate kitchen with induction hob, oven, fridge and freezer, washing machine and dishwasher. - A bathroom with bath, basin. Towels provided if needed. - Separate toilets. The apartment is non smoking but you can smoke in the kitchen only, taking care to air.	Charming, clean and bright apartment with a beautiful view over the Bassin de la Villette and its boats. For 2 to 4 people, with its 42 square meters, it is the perfect place to settle and go enjoy Paris ! Comfortable and equipped, it can accommodate a couple and 2 children maximum. It is composed of: - A living room with a sofa bed for 2, stereo, computer. Linens provided. - A bright and spacious room, bed 2 places. - A separate kitchen with induction hob, oven, fridge and freezer, washing machine and dishwasher. - A bathroom with bath, basin. Towels provided if needed. - Separate toilets. The apartment is non smoking but you can smoke in the kitchen only, taking care to air. You have access to the entire apartment, equipped kitchen (dishes and cookware provided). I will be traveling when you are in the apartment. Depending on your dates, you will be welcomed by myself or a friend. Undergoing transformation in places, the 19th district, very lively, offers numerous activities. The Bas
4699	Surface de 25m2 sur deux étages,situé au RDC, il est composé d'un salon, d'une kitchenette, salle d'eau et d'une chambre en sousplex. Métro Colonel Fabien à 5 minutes de marche, vous serez en plein coeur de paris en moins de 15 minutes (châtelet).   La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, micro onde. Un accès à la wifi est également disponible. 	Surface de 25m2 sur deux étages,situé au RDC, il est composé d'un salon, d'une kitchenette, salle d'eau et d'une chambre en sousplex. Métro Colonel Fabien à 5 minutes de marche, vous serez en plein coeur de paris en moins de 15 minutes (châtelet).   La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, micro onde. Un accès à la wifi est également disponible. Les voyageurs disposeront, pour eux seuls, de la totalité de l'appartement et de ses équipements.  Je suis présent pour accueillir les voyageurs, leur remettre les clés et les conseiller pour leur séjour le cas échéant. Pour le chek out, un dépôt des clés dans la boite aux lettres satisfait tout le monde. Quartier calme avec malgré tout des commerces à proximité. Le parc de Buttes Chaumont offre un cadre agréable de promenade. Station métro Colonel Fabien sur la ligne 2
4700	Our flat is on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian building style. It has 1 bedroom, 1 living room with sofa (extra bed), 1 bathroom and 1 kitchen. Ideal for couples or family of 3/4. Brand new bathroom and living room!! Very easy to find and close to Gare du Nord Station. Near the flat, 2 subway lines at Jaures Station (Lines 2, 5 and 7bis), Place de la Republique is only 10 minutes away by walk along the beautiful Canal Saint Martin. Also a Velib Station. Many shops and facilities to get anywhere in Paris easily!!!	Very well located in Paris, between the lovely Canal Saint Martin and les Buttes Chaumont. Close to bars, restaurants, facilities (subway)...Perfect for couples and families. You can use everything : kitchen, cable TV, wifi... Bienvenue à Paris :-) Our flat is on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian building style. It has 1 bedroom, 1 living room with sofa (extra bed), 1 bathroom and 1 kitchen. Ideal for couples or family of 3/4. Brand new bathroom and living room!! Very easy to find and close to Gare du Nord Station. Near the flat, 2 subway lines at Jaures Station (Lines 2, 5 and 7bis), Place de la Republique is only 10 minutes away by walk along the beautiful Canal Saint Martin. Also a Velib Station. Many shops and facilities to get anywhere in Paris easily!!! The location is the whole flat which means a bedroom with double bed, a kitchen, a living room with sofa, cable TV, table... and one brand new bathroom. Please ask us if you have any questions before, during and after your stay.
4701		La chambre est de 14 m2 dans appartement de 38 m2 au premier étage avec ascenseur situé rue Mathis 75019 à 2 min à pied du Metro CRIME. La rue est très commerçante, 
4702	Our home in Paris is located in a quiet withdrawal of sight and sound. On the exterior wood it offers over 2 floors , 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with bath, 3 toilets, equipped for adults and children , it will seduce you with its 70m2 garden with BBQ We have: - Ground floor: 1 large living / dining room with open kitchen and 1 bathroom 70m2 overlooking the wooded garden with BBQ - 1st : 3 bedrooms with 1 bathroom and 1 WC (2 rooms with 2 single beds each - or 4 beds 190 * 90- and 1 bedroom with a mattress (phone number hidden)nd : 2 bedrooms with 1 bathroom and 1 WC (1 double bed 160 * 200 and a sofa bed 120 * 190) All shops are nearby with bakery at the corner , G20 supermarket, Monoprix Bio shop etc ... 3 mins walk .	Come and stay in a charming house comfortable and quiet in Paris and close to all commodities.  Our home in Paris is located in a quiet withdrawal of sight and sound. On the exterior wood it offers over 2 floors , 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with bath, 3 toilets, equipped for adults and children , it will seduce you with its 70m2 garden with BBQ We have: - Ground floor: 1 large living / dining room with open kitchen and 1 bathroom 70m2 overlooking the wooded garden with BBQ - 1st : 3 bedrooms with 1 bathroom and 1 WC (2 rooms with 2 single beds each - or 4 beds 190 * 90- and 1 bedroom with a mattress (phone number hidden)nd : 2 bedrooms with 1 bathroom and 1 WC (1 double bed 160 * 200 and a sofa bed 120 * 190) All shops are nearby with bakery at the corner , G20 supermarket, Monoprix Bio shop etc ... 3 mins walk . Travelers have access to machines Wash , dishwasher , dryer, TV, WiFi , stereo ... We can equip the house of a cot and other necessary accessories for comfort ( and the parents !
4703		The flat is located near the Parc de la Villette (5 min) and its famous Géode. The metro station is in 3 min by foot. My room has 2 windows, that's
4704	très agréable,il est grand,lumineux,au 2ème étage ,baignoire,calme....	appartement de 80 m2,chambre enfant (2 lits en mezzanine),une chambre adulte et une autre pièce avec canapé-lit.Grand séjour,lumineux,à deux pas du superbe parc des Buttes Chaumont,quartier jourdain à 2 minutes,commerces de proximité . très agréable,il est grand,lumineux,au 2ème étage ,baignoire,calme.... il y a un marché 3 fois par semaine à 1 minute de l'appartement,place des fêtes,le parc des Buttes Chaumont à 10 minutes à pied,des commerces de proximité . accès facile dans le centre ,métro ligne 11,bus 48 et 60 j'attends un photographe pro pour mettre plus de photos!!
4705	Perfect localization near the Buttes-Chaumont Garden, the typical Belleville street, 15 minutes from the center of Paris, Châtelet, Notre Dame, le Louvre and Montmartre	Nice flat with all commodities for a perfect tour in Paris! Perfect localization near the Buttes-Chaumont Garden, the typical Belleville street, 15 minutes from the center of Paris, Châtelet, Notre Dame, le Louvre and Montmartre Do not hesitate to contact me by email or phone, I will answer to you as soon as possible
4706	Récent, moderne, facile d'accès et très bien équipé.  Terrasse aménagée et parking souterrain sécurisé. 	  Direct Châtelet Paris City Hall. 100m from the metro; all shops and services.   Two recent pieces of 40m refined decoration and very well equipped, with terrace and parking. A 11m² room, bed 160x200. Kitchen living room 20m².     
4707	Grand studio de 29m², agréable à vivre, bien chauffé pour quand il fait froid, et très lumineux. Idéal pour un couple ! L'appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, et comporte un accès handicapé.  Vous y êtes les bienvenu-e-s ! Warm flat, confortable and enlightened, ideal for a couple ! There is everything you'll need during your stay (kitchen with tools, oven, fridge & all, bathroom with towels...). The flat is at the 5th floor, with an elevator, and is disabled persons friendly.  You are very welcomed ! 	Grand studio de 29m² très lumineux et chaleureux, idéal pour un séjour en couple! Cuisine et SdB équipées. L'appartement se situe entre le Canal de l'Ourcq et le Parc des Buttes Chaumont, dans un quartier vivant, créatif et populaire. Bienvenue !! Grand studio de 29m², agréable à vivre, bien chauffé pour quand il fait froid, et très lumineux. Idéal pour un couple ! L'appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, et comporte un accès handicapé.  Vous y êtes les bienvenu-e-s ! Warm flat, confortable and enlightened, ideal for a couple ! There is everything you'll need during your stay (kitchen with tools, oven, fridge & all, bathroom with towels...). The flat is at the 5th floor, with an elevator, and is disabled persons friendly.  You are very welcomed !  L'appartement entier sera à votre disposition.  The entire flat will be for you. Je serai sur Paris pendant votre séjour, disponible pour vous faire visiter l'appartement et aussi, si vous voulez, pour faire un tour dans Paris, aller b
4708	Le studio se compose : * d'une grande cuisine équipée : frigidaire, lave-linge, four et micro-onde, plaque Vitro, cafetière Nespresso Gran Maestria, grille-pain et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Vous pourrez utiliser tout ce qui sera disponible dans les placards. * D'une salle de bains avec produit et serviette propre. WC à part. * D'un salon équipé d'un canapé convertible couchage quotidien, d'une table basse relevable, d'une TV LG3D, d'une Freebox révolution (fibre optique avec code Wi-Fi) et d'un home cinéma 5.1 pour les fans de son. (un petit ventilateur sera même posé s'il fait trop chaud pendant votre séjour) * Côté rangement, le placard et la penderie seront à votre disposition dans l'entrée. * Double vitrage pour la tranquillité dans le salon. Lampe Phillips pour un éclairage tamisé.	F1 32m² situé en face du parc des Buttes Chaumont dans le 19e. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC à part, penderie et placard dans le couloir, salon avec TV 3D, Home cinéma 5.1, table basse ajustable et canapé lit convertible quotidien Le studio se compose : * d'une grande cuisine équipée : frigidaire, lave-linge, four et micro-onde, plaque Vitro, cafetière Nespresso Gran Maestria, grille-pain et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Vous pourrez utiliser tout ce qui sera disponible dans les placards. * D'une salle de bains avec produit et serviette propre. WC à part. * D'un salon équipé d'un canapé convertible couchage quotidien, d'une table basse relevable, d'une TV LG3D, d'une Freebox révolution (fibre optique avec code Wi-Fi) et d'un home cinéma 5.1 pour les fans de son. (un petit ventilateur sera même posé s'il fait trop chaud pendant votre séjour) * Côté rangement, le placard et la penderie seront à votre disposition dans l'entrée. * Double vitrage pour la tranquillité
4709	Entièrement équipé  je vie à l'autre bout du logement	Grande chambre tout est fournis. Si vous chercher un séjour de qualité et de tranquillité alors cette annonce est pour vous.Une personne sympa et respectueuse qui  apprécie  le calme et la bonne humeur. Endroit pleins de charme transport moins 1mn. Entièrement équipé  je vie à l'autre bout du logement salle de bains,toilette,cuisine ainsi que le salon  et tous les équipements inclus. Les conseillers être présents s ils ont besoin d une aide.
4710	Appartement refait à neuf, avec parquet, 2 chambres, un grand canapé d'angle qui se transforme en lit (soit 6 couchages possibles), 1 grande salle de bain, une cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, grille-pain, cafetière, bouilloire, théière, vaisselle et four) et un grand salon. Situé au coeur du quartier Secretan, dans une rue très commerçante, à 5 minutes du métro Jaurès (5 minutes de Gare du Nord et 20 minutes de Châtelet) et à 10 min d'un des plus beaux parcs parisiens, le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont ! Dans un quartier vivant, offrant de nombreuses boutiques et un grand choix de restaurants. A 1 minute de l'appart, Marché Franprix ouvert 7 jours sur 7 et à 100 m du Monoprix ouvert jusqu'à 21h30 du lundi au samedi.	Bel appartement avec deux chambres, un grand salon et une grande salle de bain (4 à 6 personnes) dans un bel immeuble entièrement rénové. Quartier très commerçant, à 10 min du parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5 min du métro Jaurès. Appart très agréable ! Appartement refait à neuf, avec parquet, 2 chambres, un grand canapé d'angle qui se transforme en lit (soit 6 couchages au total), 1 grande salle de bain, une cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, grille-pain, cafetière, bouilloire, théière, vaisselle et four) et un grand salon. Situé au coeur du quartier Secretan, dans une rue très commerçante, à 5 minutes du métro Jaurès (5 minutes de Gare du Nord et 20 minutes de Châtelet) et à 10 mn d'un des plus beaux parcs parisiens, le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont ! Dans un quartier vivant, offrant de nombreuses boutiques et un grand choix de restaurants. A 1 minute de l'appart, Marché Franprix ouvert 7 jours sur 7 et à 100 m du Monoprix ouvert jusqu'à 21h30 du lundi au samedi. La
4711	Cozy newly renovated 11 m² room with hardwood floor, brand new bed and all furnished. Inside that confortable and nicely decorated flat, typical parisian style, you will have a quiet room to relax after a long day of visit or work.	I own this lovely typical Parisian flat that I renovated and decorated myself. This quiet household is a great place to discover a trendy and active neighborhood. The flat is close to lots of shops, bars, restaurants and parks (Buttes Chaumont, ...). Cozy newly renovated 11 m² room with hardwood floor, brand new bed and all furnished. Inside that confortable and nicely decorated flat, typical parisian style, you will have a quiet room to relax after a long day of visit or work. This is a two room flat where you will have access to a confortable livingroom, equiped kitchen and bathroom. The whole place is renovated, well arranged and decorated. I spend little time in the second room, but will definetly be able to make you feel home in the flat, show you the lovely neighborhood and all the little things that make Paris a incredible place to discover. The street is very calm and the building has a nice little courtyard. Within 5 minutes walk are lots of little restaurants, a couple trendy
4712	DESCRIPTION: This perfectly equipped nice flat + sunny balcony, very luminous, in the 19th arrondissement, bohemian style, 76 m2, 2 bedrooms, 1 double beds + 2 single bed. The appartment is on the second floor with elevador and 1 private parking. The neighborhood is very quiet and lovely, an ideal location for families. Located in the front of the beautifull Bassin de la Villette.  AMENITIES: You will find bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer, towels...., a high quality mattress of 140x200cm, a equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher and oven, nespresso coffee machine, Internet included.  LOCATION: The popular Canal Saint-Martin is just a 10 min walk away, but the area along the Bassin de la Villette is amazing and upcoming and just became very trendy over the past 3-4 years, and my personal opinion as a local is, it’s a much nicer place to stay then the Marais: cooler places and more authenticity. It is comparable to areas like Berlin Mitte/Prenzlauer Berg/ Kreuzberg or Williamsburg or E	DESCRIPTION: This perfectly equipped nice flat + sunny balcony, very luminous, in the 19th arrondissement, bohemian style, 76 m2, 2 bedrooms, 1 double beds + 2 single bed.  1 private parking. DESCRIPTION: This perfectly equipped nice flat + sunny balcony, very luminous, in the 19th arrondissement, bohemian style, 76 m2, 2 bedrooms, 1 double beds + 2 single bed. The appartment is on the second floor with elevador and 1 private parking. The neighborhood is very quiet and lovely, an ideal location for families. Located in the front of the beautifull Bassin de la Villette.  AMENITIES: You will find bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer, towels...., a high quality mattress of 140x200cm, a equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher and oven, nespresso coffee machine, Internet included.  LOCATION: The popular Canal Saint-Martin is just a 10 min walk away, but the area along the Bassin de la Villette is amazing and upcoming and just became very trendy over the past 3-4 years, and my personal opinion 
4713	Studio + kitchen, balcony. 4th floor with elevator. Very convenient, you can reach lots of leisure facilities easily. It's the place I usually occupy, except when U're here ;) 	Small apartment near the butte Chaumont, Ourcq canal and La Villette (concerts, festivals, clubs...). Free access to all amenities in the apartment (even the wine ;)
4714	large quiet room in a traditionnal parisian style	room of 15sq meters in a furnished flat.  idealy located between Buttes Chaumont park for the romantic one & Bassin de la Villette for layed off people.  10 min from Gare de Nord/gare de l'Est (metro lines 5/2) lively area full of bar and restaurants large quiet room in a traditionnal parisian style everything they would need in the flat, but international phonecalls I share my flat with two flatmates, nice people, english/spanish speaking.  everyone lives his life but we also share time together. lots of parks and green areas Buttes Chaumont : (website hidden)_visites_guidees_des_parcs_et_jardins_de_paris  mk2 cinemas 10mn walks  (website hidden)  cafes bar and restaurants rosa bonheur  (website hidden) pavillon du lac (website hidden) antipode  (website hidden)  point ephemere  (website hidden) gare du nord 10mn maximum  ligne 5 @1mn walk  lignes 2and 7 @10mn here is a website-agenda full of tips and ideas for your trip in Paris  (website hidden)
4715		En plein coeur de Belleville, une chambre, d'environ 10m2 sera libre tout le mois d'août, propre, bien rangée, équipée avec un lit double, un bureau et de la place dans les armoires. Transports et commerces à deux pas ! Room available for august !
4716	Notre appartement de 105M2 se compose de 3 chambres, 1 grand salon, 1 cuisine indépendante équipée et 2 salles de bains avec douche et baignoire.  Il est totalement équipé : ordinateur et accès internet gratuit, TV (avec + de 100 chaines), linge (draps et serviettes) et vaisselle fournis.	Notre appartement de 105M2 se compose de 3 chambres, 1 grand salon, 1 cuisine indépendante équipée et 2 salles de bains avec douche et baignoire.  Il est totalement équipé : ordinateur et accès internet gratuit, TV (avec + de 100 chaines), linge (draps et serviettes) et vaisselle fournis. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement en entier et il y aura 2 jeux de clés Les échanges se feront soit par mail (de préférence afin de garder une trace de toutes les conversations) soit par téléphone. Vous l'apprécierez pour son emplacement dans un quartier vivant et populaire, à 100 mètres du métro Place des Fêtes (la ligne 11 dessert directement le centre de Paris avec un terminus à Châtelet).  Vous rejoindrez le célèbre parc des Buttes Chaumont en seulement 5 minutes à pied. Egalement, le quartier Jourdain, à 5 minutes à pied, coincé ente les Buttes Chaumont et le parc de Belleville, est un petit quartier-village. La station de métro la plus proche est Place des Fêtes, sur la ligne 11. A
4717	Maison avec jardin privé au calme	Chambre privé   Dans un endroit calme  Avec salle de douche à disposition  Jardin à disposition  Au pied du métro Ourcq  A 5min des Buttes Chaumont ,parc de la vilette ,zénith concert ,expo,canal de l Ourcq ,café ciné ,20min du centre de Paris  Plus un espace commun 50m et jardin Maison avec jardin privé au calme Les voyageurs auront une chambre privé  Et séjour en collectif avec jardin Oui séjour commun Demandez vos réservations ... Je peux essayer d arranger votre location Nous avons le parc des Buttes Chaumont ,canal ,les quais ciné et parc de la vilette ,zénith . Je suis au pied du métro Ourcq ligne 5  20 m du centre de Paris Je peux héberger dans un lit 2personnes  Ou  2 Chambres avec lits  superposés  Ou  1 chambre avec un matelas
4718	Son emplacement excellent proche d'un bassin de loisirs et lieux de promenades et culturels.	Chambre a côté du canal de l'ourcq et voici quelques promenades et sorties en perspectives  : a proximité à pieds de la Philarmonie de Paris, du Zénith, de la cité des sciences et des cinémas, du parc Villette et des Buttes Chaumont, du canal Saint Martin. Son emplacement excellent proche d'un bassin de loisirs et lieux de promenades et culturels. Metro ligne7 et 5, commerces, lieux culturel cité de la musique la Philarmonie de Paris 10 minutes à pieds, cité des sciences, le zénith pour les concerts et spectacles et cinémas MK2 et la Géode ... S'ils le souhaitent je peux servir de guide dans le quartier Aere du fait du canal, proche de lieux de promenades, varie coté canal et bassin de la Villette avec ses loisirs, le parc des Buttes Chaumont, cote culturel avec le parc de la Villette pour les enfants la cité des sciences et aussi la Philarmonie de Paris , la cité de la musique, le zénith de quoi varier ses plaisirs et sorties à 10 minutes à pied. Dans le quartier aussi le marche au pi
4719		Appartement chaleureux dans un quartier agréable : parc, commerce, restaurants, bars, etc. à proximité.  15 minutes en transports de l'hypercentre parisien.
4720	Kawaii and nicely decorated you will feel at home	Cosy and cute studio 2mn walking from the loviest park the buttes chaumont and canal de l'ourcq. Only 20mn to center by subway. The main room have a very comfy sofa bed, small kitchen with everything you need. Bathroom have a small bath, love walls and washing machine. Feel home! Kawaii and nicely decorated you will feel at home You can use the kitchen filled with all you need and there is an oven and electric heater.  Bathroom have a washing machine feel free to use it and if you know how to sew you can use the sewing machine! I can answer all your question regarding the appartment the neighbourhood or whatever you need. The neighboorhood is very nice and full of supermarkets and all the shop you need within 1mn walking. The Buttes Chaumont within 2mn is one of the most beautifull park of Paris and is very nice for walking, pic nicking or jogging. Further down the road you have the canal de l'ourq very nice and lively place to have a drink, eat or go to one of the two cinemas. Ligne 2
4721		Bonjour :-) A bright studio thanks to its large windows in the main room, near from the Ourcq canal that 
4722		juste en face de la place du marché, cet appart' peut etre votre future point de chute pour votre séjour à Paris! metro ligne 11, chatelet a 15 min
4723	Beautiful open view on the North East of Paris, Montmartre ...	"Please be nice to have a ""clear"" Face Picture on your profil, I wouldn't rent to a pair of legs or a boat... whit all the kindness thank you for your understanding . Nice claire Bed Room 1 person chez l'habitant. 15 m2 .. Beautiful open view on the North East of Paris, Montmartre ... All. I lake to feel lake friends are coming to visit, not in a hotel room even if I lake people to feel independent.   Park facing the building, many restaurants, close to subways, art center ... Lignes métros : 2, 5, 7 ,12.  Stations : 1) Stalingrad, 2) RIquet, 3) Marx Dormoy.  Autobus : 65 & 60 . et Auto Lib & vélib."
4724	Logement pour 2 personnes maximum. Vue imprenable, intégralement rénové, propre, calme, idéalement situé.	Logement pour 2 personnes maximum. Vue imprenable, intégralement rénové, propre, calme, idéalement situé. Tout l'appartement Quartier animé, authentique, arboré. 3 lignes de métro (2, 5, 7bis) et plusieurs lignes de bus au bas de la porte. -
4725		2 pièces avec terrasse avec vue sur Tour Eiffel et Sacré Coeur dans une résidence moderne et sécurisée. Idéal pour 2 personnes à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont, du canal de l'Ourcq et du Parc de la Villette, à 15 min en métro du coeur de Paris. Beautiful apartment in Paris with wonderful view on Eiffel Tour, Sacré Coeur for a lovely stay near Buttes Chaumont and La Villette New Philharmonie de Paris in northern part of Paris. Only 15 min by subway to the center of Paris.
4726	Completely independent bedroom (independent entry way and access, courtyard window, quiet) with independent bathroom and toilet. Access to the shared living room and kitchen. The apartment is located in a unique, lively and diverse neighborhood:  a few minutes walking distance to Cité des Sciences et de l’Industrie, Cité de la Musique, National Music Conservatory, Ourq Canal, nearby cinema theaters, Parc de la Villette, Parc des Buttes Chaumont and full of lovely lively cafés and restaurants. 	Chambre totalement indépendante (entrée indépendante) avec sdb et wc pour la chambre. Accès au salon et à la cuisine commune. Dans un quartier riche: Cité des Sciences, Cité de la Musique, Conservatoire National de Musique, Canal de l'Ourq, cinémas proche, Parc de la Villette, Parc des Buttes Chaumonts et pleins de sympathiques cafés animés sans être bruyants... Completely independent bedroom (independent entry way and access, courtyard window, quiet) with independent bathroom and toilet. Access to the shared living room and kitchen. The apartment is located in a unique, lively and diverse neighborhood:  a few minutes walking distance to Cité des Sciences et de l’Industrie, Cité de la Musique, National Music Conservatory, Ourq Canal, nearby cinema theaters, Parc de la Villette, Parc des Buttes Chaumont and full of lovely lively cafés and restaurants.
4727	"Un immeuble classé signé d'un grand architecte. Sécurisé. Interphone et pass. Vidéosurveillance. Appartement très ensoleillé entièrement rénové en 2013.  Parquet et porte fenêtre sur balcon dans toutes les pièces. Exposition plein sud. Vue exceptionnelle sur le ""lac de la Villette"" en plein Paris. 2 salles de bains. 2 WC. Confort 3 étoiles."	"Au bord du bassin de la Villette, en plein soleil,grand 4 pièces moderne, 105 m2, dans un quartier à la mode,  accueille au calme une famille de 6 personnes. 4 lignes de métro. Restaurants, cinémas et tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Parking Un immeuble classé signé d'un grand architecte. Sécurisé. Interphone et pass. Vidéosurveillance. Appartement très ensoleillé entièrement rénové en 2013.  Parquet et porte fenêtre sur balcon dans toutes les pièces. Exposition plein sud. Vue exceptionnelle sur le ""lac de la Villette"" en plein Paris. 2 salles de bains. 2 WC. Confort 3 étoiles. Tous les services intégrés : machine à café express SAECO, machine à laver, sèche linge, télévision HD par cable, téléphone, chaine HIFI, WIFI. Parking en sous sol. Notre personne de confiance reçoit les voyageurs  et donne toutes les explications. Le Canal Saint Martin, les bateaux, les arbres, les oiseaux, les promenades et footing au bord du Bassin de la Villette. Les cinémas et restaurants tout autour e"
4728	The Appartment is typically parisian with parquet floor and mouldings in the ceiling. The long balcony is accessible from all the rooms of the appartment, it is very  nice to take a drink or to dinner on it by watching the view of Sacré Cœur. Fifth floor / no elevator ( BUT GREAT VIEW! ;) ) WE RENT: THE ENTIER FLAT 110€/ BY NIGHT( 6 places available)	There are 2 bedrooms in this appartment, usually we rent one but it is possible to rent the entier appartement.  The balcony is very nice during summer, you can see the Sacré Cœur by eating your breakfast! Very easy to move in Paris from here! The Appartment is typically parisian with parquet floor and mouldings in the ceiling. The long balcony is accessible from all the rooms of the appartment, it is very  nice to take a drink or to dinner on it by watching the view of Sacré Cœur. Fifth floor / no elevator ( BUT GREAT VIEW! ;) ) WE RENT: THE ENTIER FLAT 110€/ BY NIGHT( 6 places available) We will prepare you a typical french breakfast with croissants, baguette, homemade marmelade etc...  You have access to internet and TV with international channels. We would be delighted to recommend you our favorite places in Paris. We are not in the apartment  3 nights by week The neighborhood is very a storekeeper. Shall find you a butcher, a scoop, a baker unless 2 min by walking. Metro: Ligne 7b
4729	our 85 square meter appartment is located in the 19th area of paris, near the canal de l ourq (30 seconds from metro stop riquet line 7). the appartment is really big, can host a family (we have 2 kids, one is 3 years old and the other is 3 monthes old, therefore we have all the comodities for babys), is bright, has a small balcony where you can have meals, is clean, and has anything you could need for vacation (washing machine, internet etc..).About display of the sleeping : as you can see on photos, we have 2 rooms and a big dining room : - first room : the parental room, with a double bed - second room : the kids room, with a bed for a baby and a bed for a kid, but you can also display a double bed materass on the floor (that we can provide). - dining room : there s a big & comfortable sofa bed in the dining room (double bed) that you can use to sleep.	our 85 square meter appartment is located in the 19th area of paris, near the canal de l ourq (30 seconds from metro stop riquet line 7). the appartment is really big, can host a family (we have 2 kids, one is 3 years old and the other is 7 monthes) our 85 square meter appartment is located in the 19th area of paris, near the canal de l ourq (30 seconds from metro stop riquet line 7). the appartment is really big, can host a family (we have 2 kids, one is 3 years old and the other is 3 monthes old, therefore we have all the comodities for babys), is bright, has a small balcony where you can have meals, is clean, and has anything you could need for vacation (washing machine, internet etc..).About display of the sleeping : as you can see on photos, we have 2 rooms and a big dining room : - first room : the parental room, with a double bed - second room : the kids room, with a bed for a baby and a bed for a kid, but you can also display a double bed materass on the floor (that we can prov
4730	Very nice two-bedrooms apartment of 36 m2 for up to 4 people, close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, with a beautiful view on the Butte Bergeyre (district full of charm) and Paris. The apartment is at the 8th and last floor of the building, it is very bright and crossing. It is very quiet and the neighbors are very friendly. Detail and use of the apartment: - 2 rooms of 12m2: a bedroom, and a living room that can easily be used as a second bedroom. There is a sofa bed in both rooms and clothing store. There is also a piano that can be used if you want to play. Wifi, computer (Mac) available. - Kitchen: all kitchen equipments are available (refrigerator, stove, oven, crockery, utensils etc ...). No food will be provided. - Bathroom: washing machine, hairdryer, towels and washcloths are available. - Entry and large storage. A shopping bag is available if needed.	Very nice two-bedrooms apartment of 36 m2 for up to 4 people, close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, with a beautiful view on the Butte Bergeyre (district full of charm) and Paris. Very nice two-bedrooms apartment of 36 m2 for up to 4 people, close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, with a beautiful view on the Butte Bergeyre (district full of charm) and Paris. The apartment is at the 8th and last floor of the building, it is very bright and crossing. It is very quiet and the neighbors are very friendly. Detail and use of the apartment: - 2 rooms of 12m2: a bedroom, and a living room that can easily be used as a second bedroom. There is a sofa bed in both rooms and clothing store. There is also a piano that can be used if you want to play. Wifi, computer (Mac) available. - Kitchen: all kitchen equipments are available (refrigerator, stove, oven, crockery, utensils etc ...). No food will be provided. - Bathroom: washing machine, hairdryer, towels and washcloths are available. - Entry and large st
4731		A la recherche du calme parisien? Ce 2pièces est idéal pour un couple et dispose de tout le confort. Situé à 7mn à pieds des Buttes Chaumont, et à 10 mn de l'hotel de ville en métro. Marché sur la place tous les mardi, vendredi et dimanche.
4732		Chambre privée dans une colocation de 3 étudiants. L'appartement est situé à 150 m du canal de l'Ourcq et moins de 100 m du métro riquet, dans un quartier vivant comptant de nombreux commerces, restaurants et bars très sympas. Moins de 100 mètres du métro riquet (autres stations à proximité : Stalingrad, Jaurès, Laumière). A 150 mètres de différents bus.
4733	Très calme ,protégé du bruit de la circulation	Maison sur deux étages,accueillante et typique! Pour loger quatre personnes dans un quartier vivant aux abords du canal de l'Ourcq , à deux pas de la Géode. Sa terrasse donne accès à la cuisine et au salon.Chambres et salle de bain sont à l'étage.   Très calme ,protégé du bruit de la circulation Toute la maison,sauf le dernier étage.  Seulement à la remise des clefs Les espaces verts parc des Buttes Chaumont Parcs de la cité de la musique abord du canal  Promenade en bateau. En voiture par la porte de la Villette en train par la ligne 7 du métro station riquet par avion aéroport Roissy ou Orly .
4734	You will be hosted in an attractive apartment with three rooms :  -a fully-equipped kitchen / living room with a double sofa bed -a sleeping room with a double bed -a bathroom	Nice apartment with three rooms in a quiet area. Very close to two famous tourist attractions (Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and Canal Saint-Martin), and to two railway stations : Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Access to the whole apartment. You will be hosted in an attractive apartment with three rooms :  -a fully-equipped kitchen / living room with a double sofa bed -a sleeping room with a double bed -a bathroom You will have access to the whole apartment, since I will not live in it during your stay. -nice and quiet area  -5 minutes walking to two famous tourist attractions : Parc des Buttes -Chaumont and Canal Saint-Martin -2 minutes walking to the metro stations Jaurès and Stalingrad (lines 2, 5, 7 and 7bis)  -10 minutes walking (3 minutes with the metro) to the Gare de l'Est and the Gare du Nord (two of the main railway stations of Paris)
4735	Mon appartement est situé dans un quartier Parisien atypique, dans l'esprit de Montmartre, où il est agréable de flâner et se reposer.  Situé au pied des Buttes Chaumont et à deux pas de Belleville, cet appartement vous séduira par son caractère rare et unique.  Le quartier se veut accueillant et chaleureux. La butte Bergeyre, très peu connue, se mérite !  Certains seront charmés par la vue du balcon, donnant sur de très belles maisons d'architectes et d'autres seront comblés d'aller faire un tour aux Buttes Chaumont dans lequel se trouve le fameux bar du Rosa Bonheur ! 	Mon appartement est situé dans un quartier typiquement Parisien, dans l'esprit de Montmartre, où il est agréable de flâner et se reposer.    Mon appartement est situé dans un quartier Parisien atypique, dans l'esprit de Montmartre, où il est agréable de flâner et se reposer.  Situé au pied des Buttes Chaumont et à deux pas de Belleville, cet appartement vous séduira par son caractère rare et unique.  Le quartier se veut accueillant et chaleureux. La butte Bergeyre, très peu connue, se mérite !  Certains seront charmés par la vue du balcon, donnant sur de très belles maisons d'architectes et d'autres seront comblés d'aller faire un tour aux Buttes Chaumont dans lequel se trouve le fameux bar du Rosa Bonheur ! Appartement très cosy et mignon pouvant accueillir 4 personnes avec :  - Grande cuisine et totalement équipée (four, gazinière, frigo, congélateur, cafetière Italienne et cafetière percolateur), - Une grande chambre spacieuse avec un lit double,  - Une salle de bain munie d'une mac
4736	Le logement est situé dans un immeuble refait à neuf, entretenu et sécurisé. Caméra à l'entrée et 2 digicodes. 	Furnished appartement for rent with bathroom, and kitchen for one person.
4737	Home sweet home, a cute & functional flat has had a complete overhaul. His parisian mood will make your day.  A fitted kitchen with all what you need to prepare fantastic diner. A big bathroom and a cosy living room. You will found one bedroom for 2pers. and one bed for 1pers in the living room. Perfect for a family with one kid or a couple.  We will give an english notice for the appartment and tips for going out (diner, bar) 	Home sweet home, a cute & functional flat has had a complete facelif. His parisian mood will make your day. Home sweet home, a cute & functional flat has had a complete overhaul. His parisian mood will make your day.  A fitted kitchen with all what you need to prepare fantastic diner. A big bathroom and a cosy living room. You will found one bedroom for 2pers. and one bed for 1pers in the living room. Perfect for a family with one kid or a couple.  We will give an english notice for the appartment and tips for going out (diner, bar) all the apartment i will be available on the phone if you need information during your stay In a quiet & charming neighborhood, perfect for a couple or family. 3min walks from Buttes Chaumont garden  (A beautiful historic park with an overview of PAris) Shops (butcher's shop, bakery, drugstore) and market (tuesday and sunday) in the area The area is full of old workers little houses with nice sidewalks. In the heart of the BOBO parisian mood.  Metro Line 7b
4738	petite maison avec un étage, deux chambre à l'étage avec salle de bain.  au rdc, les toilettes, le salon et la cuisine et une porte menant à la cave.  tout près des métro Place des fêtes et Danube. 	LOCATION dans Maison/appart' à Paris 19e à partir du 1er août 2015 - 31 août = => 1 chambre à louer de 20 m² avec grande fenêtre, meublée avec lit 1place, dressing, étagères... Dans coloc de trois personnes dont Dominique, vous et Polona ! petite maison avec un étage, deux chambre à l'étage avec salle de bain.  au rdc, les toilettes, le salon et la cuisine et une porte menant à la cave.  tout près des métro Place des fêtes et Danube.
4739	Our 150m2 duplex was built in 2000 on a factory site. Located on the first floor: a large entrance hall 60m2 living room 40m2 lounge room with a desk and library fully equipped, separate kitchen bathroom and separate toilet The second floor has two well-lit bedrooms surrounded by glass walls The living room is well-lit and leads into an outdoor 15m2 botanical terrace that is ideal for a cup of coffee. The library, also a bright space, is a pleasant and calm area of the residence. The entrance to the building is by a digital keypad and intercom. There is also an elevator. For those who want to discover Paris, our loft is convenient, comfortable, and welcoming. You can take advantage of the tranquility whenever you wish, all the while having easy access throughout Paris. The loft is just steps away from the metro station Pyrénées. on line 11 that runs through République and Châtelet. From these stops you can easily access many other areas in Paris. There are also Vélib, Auto'lib, and tax	Our 150m2 duplex was built in 2000 on a factory site. Located on the first floor: a large entrance hall 60m2 living room 40m2 lounge room with a desk and library fully equipped, separate kitchen bathroom and separate toilet The second floor has two well-lit bedrooms surrounded by glass walls The living room is well-lit and leads into an outdoor 15m2 botanical terrace that is ideal for a cup of coffee. The library, also a bright space, is a pleasant and calm area of the residence. The entrance to the building is by a digital keypad and intercom. There is also an elevator. For those who want to discover Paris, our loft is convenient, comfortable, and welcoming. You can take advantage of the tranquility whenever you wish, all the while having easy access throughout Paris. The loft is just steps away from the metro station Pyrénées. on line 11 that runs through République and Châtelet. From these stops you can easily access many other areas in Paris. There are also Vélib, Auto'lib, and tax
4740	Experience Paris while staying in this cozy two piece apartment in the heart of the 19th district. The first floor apartment faces the internal patio for a sunny but quiet experience.	Welcome to a calm and cozy two piece apartment in the heart of the 19th district of Paris. Supermarket, boulangerie and metro station at the door (lines 2,5,7bis) Experience Paris while staying in this cozy two piece apartment in the heart of the 19th district. The first floor apartment faces the internal patio for a sunny but quiet experience. The apartment is accessible via metro Jaures (lines 2, 5 and 6bis) or Stalingrad (lines 2, 5 and 7), as well as by using Bus 26. The apartment is in a first floor, no elevator. The neighborhood is buzzing with activities that go from eating out next to the Canal or enjoying a movie in either of two cinemas walking distance, and visiting Buttes Chaumont, one of the loveliest parks in town. metro Jaures (lines 2, 5 and 6bis) or Stalingrad (lines 2, 5 and 7), as well as by using Bus 26. Enjoy a quiet stay in this cozy and central Parisian apartment.
4741	Idéalement situé dans le quartier en plein essor entre le calme du plus grand parc de Paris et les rues animés de Belleville. Nous partagerons avec vous nos adresses préférés des restaurants, bar à vin , galeries et bons plans du quartier et ses environs. L'appartement est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double. La cuisine entièrement équipée communique avec le salon où se trouvent 2 banquettes et une grande table basse. Les banquettes peuvent servir de lit d’appoint.	Dans une rue calme à 2 pas du Parc de Buttes Chaumont et quartier animé de Belleville ce 2 pièces de 37 mètres carrés aux charmes parisiens  donne sur cour et peut accueillir 3 personnes. Idéalement situé dans le quartier en plein essor entre le calme du plus grand parc de Paris et les rues animés de Belleville. Nous partagerons avec vous nos adresses préférés des restaurants, bar à vin , galeries et bons plans du quartier et ses environs. L'appartement est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double. La cuisine entièrement équipée communique avec le salon où se trouvent 2 banquettes et une grande table basse. Les banquettes peuvent servir de lit d’appoint. Le logement avec tout son équipement (wifi, frigo, four, lave et sèche linge, lave vaisselle...) sera entièrement à votre disposition durant le séjour. Les personnes occupant notre logement peuvent m'écrire des mails avant et pendant leur voyage pour toute question ou demande de conseil. Ce quartier avec  peu de touristes mais très pri
4742	L'appartement est spacieux et calme. Il y a une chambre avec un lit 2 places très confortable, un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon, une chambre d'enfant avec petit balcon, une salle de bain, un salon avec cuisine ouverte et un bureau.	Cet appartement est situé à deux pas du parc de La Villette. Le metro Corentin Cariou est à 30 secondes à pied de l'immeuble (ligne 7).  L'appartement est spacieux et calme. Il y a une chambre avec un lit 2 places très confortable, un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon, une chambre d'enfant avec petit balcon, une salle de bain, un salon avec cuisine ouverte et un bureau. Dans la cuisine vous aurez accès à la machine à laver le linge, au lave vaisselle, aux ustensiles de cuisine, four etc. Dans la salle de bain vous trouverez un sèche cheveux, des serviettes de bain, du savon, du shampoing. Nous pourrons vous laisser des guides de Paris et du métro.  Il suffit de traverser la rue pour accéder au parc de la Villette.  L'appartement est situé à deux pas du métro Corentin Cariou (ligne 7) qui dessert les stations Opéra, Pyramide, musée du Louvre, Châtelet etc. 
4743		Bright flat, with 2 rooms, in a quiet street , next to the Ourcq Canal and Parc de la Villette . Very nice neighborhood ( barges , concert halls , cinema, .. ) . Fully equipped, can accommodate 4 persons ( 2 beds of 2 places) Near the subway .
4744	Private room of 12 square meters with big and very comfortable bed, a desk, and a window with the balcony and view of Eiffel tower. You'll have your intimacy because the 2 flatmates have their room in the opposite side of the appartment.  	Very bright room (12m2) in a wonderfool flat on the 12th floor. Amazing view of Paris and the Eiffel tower. Access to 2 balconies, the living-room, the kitchen and bathroom. Very well served district 15 to 30 max of all sightseings. Private room of 12 square meters with big and very comfortable bed, a desk, and a window with the balcony and view of Eiffel tower. You'll have your intimacy because the 2 flatmates have their room in the opposite side of the appartment.  You'll have access to all the facilities of the flat (kitchen with your private fridge, balconies, shared bathroom, big living room, etcetera). And if you have any questions during your stay, you can ask my nice and welcoming flatmates (2). If you have any questions, I will be glad to answer you and to guide you. Discover the cosmopolit and very creative and underground neighborhood of Belleville, as well as the romantic and famous parc of Buttes Chaumont and Canal Saint-Martin (see pictures), 2 minutes by foot. Very well 
4745	Large room in a perfect condition in the best collocation. Don't worry, all of us are frequent users of Airbnb. During Christmas, you will be almost alone :). I offer you a large bedroom with a double bed with high quality bedding, my apartment does not face the street, which makes for quiet, comfortable sleeping. Moreover, It is full of natural light. If you want to cook during your stay, no worries, the kitchen is there for you. You can even have a little nap in front of the TV. A fast internet wireless connection to book all your brunch & restaurant :). Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, toaster, a stove and etc.  A large bathroom with a bathtub. There are dishes and cookware, clean linens and towels in the apartment.	"Large room in a perfect condition in the best collocation. Don't worry, all of us are frequent users of Airbnb. During Christmas, you will be almost alone :). I offer you a large bedroom with a double bed with high quality bedding, my apartment does not face the street, which makes for quiet, comfortable sleeping. Moreover, It is full of natural light. If you want to cook during your stay, no worries, the kitchen is there for you. You can even have a little nap in front of the TV. A fast internet wireless connection to book all your brunch & restaurant :). Fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, toaster, a stove and etc.  A large bathroom with a bathtub. There are dishes and cookware, clean linens and towels in the apartment. 10 min from ""Centre Pompidou"". 15 min by walk from the famous & romantic ""Père Lachaise Cemetry"". 20min from ""Louvre Museum"" Metro: Telegraphe, Jourdain - line 11 Bus: 60 Telegraphe Noctilien N12 N23 Autolib, Velib We will meet once you arrive in Paris so I can g"
4746	Butte Bergeyre, quartier très calme et verdoyant,  à 2 pas du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont	Butte Bergeyre, quartier très calme et verdoyant,  à 2 pas du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont à votre disposition le salon et la chambre d'enfant à partager cuisine, salle de bain, cours-jardin accès à de nombreuses lignes de métro et bus à proximité jardin partagé avec vue sur Paris Butte Bergeyre, quartier très calme et verdoyant,  à 2 pas du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont L'été les voyageurs ont accès à la cours avec table pour déjeuner, et un jardin partagé un peu plus loin dans la rue. Très peu de voiture car j'habite sur une petite colline accessible par 3 escaliers et juste une seule route en lacets. à 5mn à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont à 5 stations de métro de Montmartre à 6 stations de métro du centre de Paris + 7mn de marche c'est facile de garer la voiture à proximité pendant les vacances scolaires. 2 lignes de bus, juste en bas de la petite colline, nombreuses lignes de métro, de 5 à 10mn de marche selon les lignes. 
4747	Very bright and calm duplex appartment (1st and 2nd floor).  A real feeling of space !  And all comfort inside. Little blacony on the bedroom. Bath in the bathroom. Closed kitchen. Separate WC.	Very bright and calm duplex appartment (1st and 2nd floor).  A real feeling of space !  And all comfort inside. Little blacony on the bedroom. Bath in the bathroom. Closed kitchen. Separate WC. Buttes Chaumont is one of the favorite park for all Parisians. Quiet and nice. On line 11 (metro station Pyrénées), you are at République in 3 stops and in Chatelet in 6 which is the center of Paris.
4748	La chambre est petite -  La  fenêtre donne sur le palier (pas sur le jardin) voir photo	Dans appartement 45 m2 : - une  petite chambre de 7  m2 Métro Stalingrad : Ligne 2, 5 et 7  L'appartement est face au jardin d'Eole   3 e étage sans ascenseur. La chambre est petite -  La  fenêtre donne sur le palier (pas sur le jardin) voir photo Accès séjour/cuisine et possibilité de cuisiner Bouilloire thé et tisanes dans la chambre - petit dejeuner non prévu : boulangerie entre métro et appartement Linge toilette, sèche-cheveux mis à disposition Franprix en bas de l'immeuble ouvert tous les jours, même le dimanche, de 9 h à 21 h Je serai présente durant votre séjour L'heure maxi de départ du dernier jour de votre sejour est 10 h. L espace bagages gare du nord et gare de l ´est (accessibles à pied) est ouvert de 7h30 à 22 H 30 (tarif à partir de 5,50 €) Possibilité de manger en face dans le jardin d'Eole sur l'herbe ou sur les tables de picnic aménagées Si 2 lits dans la petite chambre, l'aménagement du 2e lit se fait avec un matelas gonflable et matelas d'appoint 250 m de la sortie
4749	In a neighborhood with old world charm, bustling even on Sunday, 3-room apartment (47 m2), beam, bright and quiet, the third and last floor of a small building with no elevator.  Located between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de Belleville, close to a typical small square with cafe, restaurants, wine cellar and bakery nearby.  several viewpoints _on Paris, the esplanade overlooking the Parc de Belleville _on the Sacred Heart Butte Bergeyre and _on the Eilfel Tower illuminated at the station Pyrénés  6/7 stations - 15 minutes from Chatelet / Les Halles (metro line 11 - Station Pyrenees, Belleville Buttes Chaumont)  Live 20 minutes from St Lazare station by Bus 26	"PARIS 19e ardt quiet & bright artist's apartment near ""Buttes Chaumont"" park  2 chambers + living with an open kitchen bathroom with WC - Bathtub close to the metro-station, you are direct to Chatelet  Best for family or 2 couples In a neighborhood with old world charm, bustling even on Sunday, 3-room apartment (47 m2), beam, bright and quiet, the third and last floor of a small building with no elevator.  Located between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de Belleville, close to a typical small square with cafe, restaurants, wine cellar and bakery nearby.  several viewpoints _on Paris, the esplanade overlooking the Parc de Belleville _on the Sacred Heart Butte Bergeyre and _on the Eilfel Tower illuminated at the station Pyrénés  6/7 stations - 15 minutes from Chatelet / Les Halles (metro line 11 - Station Pyrenees, Belleville Buttes Chaumont)  Live 20 minutes from St Lazare station by Bus 26"
4750	The apartment is stunning. It was refurbished last summer and is really comfortable now we settled in. 	The apartment is stunning. It was refurbished last summer and is really comfortable now we settled in.  The guests will have access to the whole apartment and all the equipment that comes with it. The neighborhood is probably one of the best in Paris. It feels like a small village and is yet very attractive: restaurants, bars, art galleries, book shops. It has a lot to offer within a five-minute walk. Oh, and we didn't even mention the Parc de Belleville and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont yet! It is very easy to come over to our house. The Metro station is around the corner and it's line 11, which takes you to Châtelet in 10 minutes.
4751	The flat is located in the 19th district of Paris. Nice 15 square meter apartment, it has one big room fully equipped (with a kitchen) and a separate bathroom. It is quiet, warm and very  bright.  Ideal apartment for couples wishing to visit the capital (confortable double bed, kitchen, dining room table, storage areas). Articles of bedding are provided and towels as well.  Located 15 minutes away by subway from Châtelet, the apartment is perfect to go quickly into the heart of Paris and enjoy your stay. Its location is very nice: the neighborhood is lively and vibrant (restaurants rue de Belleville, bars, shops...) and the park Buttes Chaumont is perfect for walking, running or having a drink with friends (at Rosa bonheur!). 	This charming apartment is located in the heart of Paris, 19th district. Welcoming, cosy, located 3min from metro Jourdain, 1 minute from the lovely and well-known Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Perfect for a great moment in Paris ! The flat is located in the 19th district of Paris. Nice 15 square meter apartment, it has one big room fully equipped (with a kitchen) and a separate bathroom. It is quiet, warm and very  bright.  Ideal apartment for couples wishing to visit the capital (confortable double bed, kitchen, dining room table, storage areas). Articles of bedding are provided and towels as well.  Located 15 minutes away by subway from Châtelet, the apartment is perfect to go quickly into the heart of Paris and enjoy your stay. Its location is very nice: the neighborhood is lively and vibrant (restaurants rue de Belleville, bars, shops...) and the park Buttes Chaumont is perfect for walking, running or having a drink with friends (at Rosa bonheur!).  - 1 double bed - 1 bathroom with sh
4752		Beau 2 pièces refait à neuf janv 2014 au 5e étage d'une résid. année 70, très lumineux, tout confort (sauf télé mais wifi fibre) lit 160cm, double vitrage donnant sur impasse, à deux pas du canal (péniches, bars, ciné) et 2mns du métro Crimée. 
4753	Perfect for families who wish to discover Paris or old Paris lovers !  The appartement allows privacy either for parents or two couples as the two rooms are separated by a large corridor. Two other persons can also sleep really comfortably in the convertible double bed sofa.	70m2 appartement for rent in the 19th district of Paris, one minute walk from the Canal de L'Ourcq, 15 min away from the city center.  2 double bed rooms, 2 bathrooms, closed kitchen and large living room with a convertible sofa (2 persons) Perfect for families who wish to discover Paris or old Paris lovers !  The appartement allows privacy either for parents or two couples as the two rooms are separated by a large corridor. Two other persons can also sleep really comfortably in the convertible double bed sofa. Internet, BooseSound System and facilities just round the corner ! (shopping malls, food supplies, charming and affordable  restaurants, cinemas, clubs and bars !) During the summer, the Canal is full with entertainments and you will be just five minutes walk from the parc de la Villette where you will be able to enjoy your coffee in the morning and party at night. We have been living here for a few years now and will be able to provide our guests with advices and good tips abou
4754	Hello!  When my flatmate is away, we rent her bedroom, nice, cosy and sunny bedroom in our flat, at the 4th floor (with a lift) of a very parisian building in the 19th arrondissement (north-est) It is a 15m² bedroom in a 62m² appartment, in which we both live during the whole year, so it is fully equipped: illimited ADSL internet, equipped kitchen (oven, gaz cooker, pans etc) In the bedroom (quiet and sunny) are a double bed and an office. I myself live in this flat so we'll be flatmate during your stay ;) (Important!! The bedroom and his bed are for two people so the price of the night is for one or two people. But we do have a beddy-couch in our living room where a third personn can stay, and in these conditions the price of the staying of this third personn can be decided together ... Our flat is located between the metro'stations Jaurès (line 2 or 5) and Laumière (line 5). Our area is the north-est of Paris, 20mn by metro from Opera and the Louvre, 2mn by walk from the Canal de l'O	Hello!  When my flatmate is away, we rent her bedroom, nice, cosy and sunny bedroom in our flat, at the 4th floor (with a lift) of a very parisian building in the 19th arrondissement (north-est) It is a 15m² bedroom in a 62m² appartment, in which we both live during the whole year, so it is fully equipped: illimited ADSL internet, equipped kitchen (oven, gaz cooker, pans etc) In the bedroom (quiet and sunny) are a double bed and an office. I myself live in this flat so we'll be flatmate during your stay ;) (Important!! The bedroom and his bed are for two people so the price of the night is for one or two people. But we do have a beddy-couch in our living room where a third personn can stay, and in these conditions the price of the staying of this third personn can be decided together ... Our flat is located between the metro'stations Jaurès (line 2 or 5) and Laumière (line 5). Our area is the north-est of Paris, 20mn by metro from Opera and the Louvre, 2mn by walk from the Canal de l'O
4755	HLM de qualité (humour)	35m2 au coeur de Jourdain Paris XIX - 2 pieces avec chambre (la mienne) et clic clac plutôt nice dans le salon. J'ai un chat aussi! HLM de qualité (humour) Accès tout. Même au frigo ! J'adore échanger avec des gens nouveaux donc ça sera pas un problème. Je serais présente évidement ! C'est le quartier où j'ai grandi. Alors je le connais très bien. Ça ressemble a un peu village dans Paris. Best district ever Ligne 11 métro Jourdain
4756		Nice studio, 25 Sq near the beautiful buttes chaumont parc, 1st floor, quiet aera Joli studio  de 25 mètres carré, près du manifique parc des buttes chaumont au 1er étage, très bien agencé. beaucoup de rangements Vous pouvez me contacter par téléphone (appels / textos) You can call or text me Quartier très sympathique, à 200 mètre du magnifique parc des buttes Chaumont, à 10 minutes de Châtelet.  Really nice neighborhood, 200 metres from the buttes chaumont parc, 10 minutes from  Châtelet. Métro Pyrénées, ligne 11
4757	Fully renovated, fully furnished and decorated by professionals, this studio duplex, located in a courtyard on the ground floor without neighbors above, has everything of a small house. It is ideal for two people!	Beautiful duplex of 20m2 near the Buttes Chaumont, fully renovated, (email hidden)ly and central area (a few metro stations / bus Marais, Saint-Germain or Châtelet). Fully renovated, fully furnished and decorated by professionals, this studio duplex, located in a courtyard on the ground floor without neighbors above, has everything of a small house. It is ideal for two people! You have at your disposal: Ceramic hob and a microwave oven to cook you delicious meals! Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle. Towels and linens. Sofa bed comfortable double (and very simple to unfold :). Guests also have access to a flat screen LED with different cable channels. High speed internet access. We do not live far away and are available every day at any hour (or almost;). We will be happy to help you maximize your stay by giving you all the tips! You can count on us in case of problems. Know that you are in the heart of eastern Paris! Rich in its diversity and its unique neighborhoods, you will const
4758	Only 15 minutes walk from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from the Parc de la Villette and 20 minutes (in metro) from Châtelet, the flat, located on the 12th floor and fully renovated in 2012, will offer you a unique view on Paris. It is 100m2 big with 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms, one separate toilet, a large living room (30m2) and a fully equiped kitchen. It offers a unique panorama on Paris. From the lounge, exposed south/west, you can appreciate the sunset on Montmartre as well as the Eiffel Tower and the full beauty of Paris city. Fom the rooms exposed South/East, the sun rises on the Canal and the Parc des Buttes de Chaumont.  	10m2 calm and comfy private room with double bed as well as a very nice view on the Bassin de la Villette! The flat is 100m2, recently renovated and well arranged, with a unique panorama of Paris : Eiffel Tower, Montmartre... To name a few :) Only 15 minutes walk from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from the Parc de la Villette and 20 minutes (in metro) from Châtelet, the flat, located on the 12th floor and fully renovated in 2012, will offer you a unique view on Paris. It is 100m2 big with 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms, one separate toilet, a large living room (30m2) and a fully equiped kitchen. It offers a unique panorama on Paris. From the lounge, exposed south/west, you can appreciate the sunset on Montmartre as well as the Eiffel Tower and the full beauty of Paris city. Fom the rooms exposed South/East, the sun rises on the Canal and the Parc des Buttes de Chaumont.  The guests will have access to the whole flat except the 2 other bedrooms and will be able to use the washing machines. 
4759	Heureux nouveaux propriétaires en 2014, nous avons entièrement rénové notre appartement avec des matériaux de qualité et de belles prestations, à coup sûr, vous vous sentirez comme à la maison, la qualité de vie du quartier vous fera également sentir comme de vrais parisiens!	Heureux nouveaux propriétaires en 2014, nous avons entièrement rénové notre appartement avec des matériaux de qualité et de belles prestations, à coup sûr, vous vous sentirez comme à la maison, la qualité de vie du quartier vous fera également sentir comme de vrais parisiens! Les voyageurs ont accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain, lave vaisselle, lave linge, tout confort. Nous sommes de grands voyageurs, nous pouvons échanger sur les bons plans parisiens et de notre quartiers en particuliers, l'échange peut aussi se dérouler autour des villes d'origines de nos visiteurs l'appartement est situé entre le parc des buttes Chaumont (à 200 mètres, visible des fenêtres du salon) et le bassin de la Villette, nouveau quartier branché, le 19ème offre une grande diversité de resto et bar, avec le métro, vous êtes à 15 minutes des principales attractions touristiques de Paris. Métro ligne 5, station Laumière 5 min de Gare du Nord,  45 min de l'a
4760	Full of natural light all day long, this second floor apartment faces south and has large windows all around. The loft has a spacious and very quiet separate bedroom with a queen-sized bed and a view of the courtyard. You can sleep like a baby even with windows wide open!  Indulge in an open Italian-style shower at the end of the day before relaxing in the large living room (over 30m2), with a high ceiling (over three meters high) and with modern exposed beams as well as a comfy pull-out couch and a big-screen tv plus full internet access.  Fully-equipped kitchen including oven, coffee machine, dishwasher and everything you need to cook up a storm. Washing machine is also included so laundry is no problem. Close to several supermarkets and late-night shops, it’s also conveniently close to several metro stations (Botzaris, Place des fêtes, Jourdain) that take you directly to the heart of Paris (République, Beaubourg, Le Marais) in a few minutes. However, no need to go far because the ne	Beautiful, fully furnished and quiet loft (60M2), in the heart of Buttes-Chaumont, 19e arr (M : botzaris, Place des fêtes, Jourdain). In a former factory, filled with artists
4761	Our apartment is quiet and beautiful. Its 3m40 ceilings add to the charm of the rooms. It is located in a neighborhood that has become very popular with Parisians. Located less than 15 minutes by subway or 20 minutes by bus from the Marais district, it boasts of its proximity to the Canal St Martin and Ourq where it is good to walk or a drink. Our apartment is a cozy nest, a comforting place for anyone who has spent the day strolling through the city! You can highlight and dine, there are many nice restaurants where you can dine without having to take public transport. We will tell you our favorite places!	Our apartment is a gem Parisian (Haussmann) of 70m2. It can accommodate 4 people. Located in a quiet and leafy, it is still at the heart of events that Parisians like to do on the weekend, walk along the Canal or in the parc des buttes chaumont. Our apartment is quiet and beautiful. Its 3m40 ceilings add to the charm of the rooms. It is located in a neighborhood that has become very popular with Parisians. Located less than 15 minutes by subway or 20 minutes by bus from the Marais district, it boasts of its proximity to the Canal St Martin and Ourq where it is good to walk or a drink. Our apartment is a cozy nest, a comforting place for anyone who has spent the day strolling through the city! You can highlight and dine, there are many nice restaurants where you can dine without having to take public transport. We will tell you our favorite places! Travelers will have access to the entire apartment. The only exception will not touch the fixed office computer but we will leave a connecte
4762	This newly renovated, 2-room flat (48m² or 520 sq ft) on the fifth floor in a building erected in the early 20th century can be acceded either by steps or thanks to an elevator. If you like a quiet, authentic place and style, this is where you want to live while in Paris. This setting has a nice view, not overlooked. Even with hot weather in Paris it's cool without AC.  The main room has a comfortable double sofa bed, a dining room table for four people, a flat TV as well as four confortable comtemporary chairs . The kitchen opening on the main room, is fully equipped with oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, induction hob, fridge with freezer and a set of tableware and a closet. (User's manuals are available in English and French) The bedroom has a real double bed, a chest of drawers, a closet for hanging your clothes and storage, a desk and two folding chairs. A wallet done on purpose for shoes is available in the corridor, so it doesn't stand in the middle of the rooms. Although the ba	"This newly renovated, 2-room flat on the fifth floor can welcome 2 to 4 adults. The kitchen is fully equipped. Location nearby 2 metro stations in a quiet place close to the ""Buttes Chaumont"" park and ""canal Saint Martin"". This newly renovated, 2-room flat (48m² or 520 sq ft) on the fifth floor in a building erected in the early 20th century can be acceded either by steps or thanks to an elevator. If you like a quiet, authentic place and style, this is where you want to live while in Paris. This setting has a nice view, not overlooked. Even with hot weather in Paris it's cool without AC.  The main room has a comfortable double sofa bed, a dining room table for four people, a flat TV as well as four confortable comtemporary chairs . The kitchen opening on the main room, is fully equipped with oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, induction hob, fridge with freezer and a set of tableware and a closet. (User's manuals are available in English and French) The bedroom has a real double bed, a c"
4763	Nous proposons notre bel appartement 3 pièces de 60 m², refait à neuf dans le quartier de Crimée. Il peut accueillir 6 voyageurs.  Nous avons 1 lit deux places dans la chambre, et 2 canapés-lit dans le salon.  Il est spacieux, très agréable à vivre  ! Près de la Villette, du Canal de l'Ourcq, de Montmarte etc. il est idéalement situé pour passer un agréable séjour parisien !! 	Charmant trois pièces situé dans le 19e arrondissement dans un quartier agréable et animé à deux pas du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette. Proche du métro, et de toutes les commodités. Nous proposons notre bel appartement 3 pièces de 60 m², refait à neuf dans le quartier de Crimée. Il peut accueillir 6 voyageurs.  Nous avons 1 lit deux places dans la chambre, et 2 canapés-lit dans le salon.  Il est spacieux, très agréable à vivre  ! Près de la Villette, du Canal de l'Ourcq, de Montmarte etc. il est idéalement situé pour passer un agréable séjour parisien !! Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement !  Chambre, salon, salle à manger, salle de bain avec petite baignoire, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, internet,  etc.  Le quartier est très agréable et animé, à deux pas du canal de l'Ourcq, de ses péniches et de ses petits bars de quartier. Le parc de la Villette, la Cité des sciences et le centre culturel le 104 sont également à une dizaine de minutes à pieds ! Le métro 7 desser
4764		Little and charming flat for one or two persons besides the amazing park Buttes Chaumont. 5 minutes from the metro station Bolivar (line 7bis) and 10 minutes from the metro station Jaurés (line 5 and 2).  A lot of shops and supermarkets around. 
4765	Large (115m), 3 bedroomed apartment on 8th floor of a well kept modern (70s) apartment block in the 19th arrondissement of Paris overlooking the Buttes Chaumont park. Views across NW Paris & Sacre Coeur. Two ensuite bedrooms with double beds and showers and a bedroom with single bed. Ideal family apartment (We're a family of four when we're there). Huge park literally just across road and a minute from metro Botzaris. Close proximity to shops, supermarket, bars and restaurants. Balcony running whole length of apartment with tables and chairs to sit and watch the sun go down.	Large (115m), 3 bedroomed apartment on 8th floor of a well kept modern (70s) apartment block in the 19th arrondissement of Paris overlooking the Buttes Chaumont park. Views across NW Paris & Sacre Coeur. Two ensuite bedrooms with double beds and showers and a bedroom with single bed. Ideal family apartment (We're a family of four when we're there). Huge park literally just across road and a minute from metro Botzaris. Close proximity to shops, supermarket, bars and restaurants. Balcony running whole length of apartment with tables and chairs to sit and watch the sun go down. You pick up keys from the concierge. After that make yourself at home and enjoy life in Paris. We aren't in Paris at the moment. You are just across the road from the largest park in Paris. Join the free Tai Chi class every morning that you can see just below from the balcony. Have a drink a the wonderful Rosa Bonheur, again less than a minute inside the park. There's the market three times a week at Place de Fetes
4766	Amazing 35m² apartment in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Located on the 6th floor (with elevator), beautiful view of Paris. The bedroom area is a high bed (access with scale). The large living room with the kitchen is ideal for a good time and enjoy the flat. The bathroom is spacious with a large shower.	Apartment of 30m² with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris (6th floor with elevator) Typical Parisian neighborhood with many shops, restaurants and cafes. Ideal for 2 people but possibility to sleep with 2 extra people on the sofa bed. Amazing 35m² apartment in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Located on the 6th floor (with elevator), beautiful view of Paris. The bedroom area is a high bed (access with scale). The large living room with the kitchen is ideal for a good time and enjoy the flat. The bathroom is spacious with a large shower. Feel free to use whatever you need for a pleasant stay. There is a safe box available for you. There is also an air conditioning if it's too warm in the apartment. Typical Parisian neighborhood. Many shops and restaurants. The Buttes Chaumont park is famous for the Parisian.  A few meters from the flat! There is a metro station nearby :  Laumière (line 5), about 3 minutes walk. There is also : Jaurès metro station (Line 2 and 5) is about 10 min
4767	In this very nice Parisian apartment you will have a bedroom for 2, a 30 m2 living room, a bathroom and a big kitchen. Open outlook on one side, great sunlight on the other !   The bedroom has an open outlook. The view: a terrace below with plants and remote buildings. It's very pleasant and quiet.  The equiped and pleasant kitchen (12 sq meters) can be used for cooking your own meals or do your laundry. The guests will also have the use of the living room entirely. The apartment is located at metro station Jourdain, in a lovely area with artists, cafes, bars, nice food shops, parks, and the relaxed atmosphere of a town (the aera is nicknamed Le Village). It's safe though not touristic. There are 2 lovely parks where you can picknick, sunbathe or take a run. (parc des Buttes Chaumont and parc de Belleville.) Subway station Jourdain is 2 min away: metro line n° 11 will take you directly in 4 stops to Republique ( (canal Saint Martin, les Grands Boulevards), 6 stops to Rambuteau (the Cen	In this very nice Parisian apartment you will have a bedroom for 2, a 30 m2 living room, a bathroom and a big kitchen. Open outlook on one side, great sunlight on the other !   In this very nice Parisian apartment you will have a bedroom for 2, a 30 m2 living room, a bathroom and a big kitchen. Open outlook on one side, great sunlight on the other !   The bedroom has an open outlook. The view: a terrace below with plants and remote buildings. It's very pleasant and quiet.  The equiped and pleasant kitchen (12 sq meters) can be used for cooking your own meals or do your laundry. The guests will also have the use of the living room entirely. The apartment is located at metro station Jourdain, in a lovely area with artists, cafes, bars, nice food shops, parks, and the relaxed atmosphere of a town (the aera is nicknamed Le Village). It's safe though not touristic. There are 2 lovely parks where you can picknick, sunbathe or take a run. (parc des Buttes Chaumont and parc de Belleville.) Sub
4768	Belle vue sur la Butte Bergeyre, au calme	Bel appartement tout confort à deux pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont.  35 m² : chambre, salle de bain et salon, petit balcon. Disponible selon calendrier + éventuellement sur demande Belle vue sur la Butte Bergeyre, au calme Au coeur du 19ième arrondissement, l'appartement est situé entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont et le canal Saint Martin. Au coeur du 19ième arrondissement, l'appartement est situé entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont et le canal Saint Martin. Métros Colonel Fabien (ligne 2), Belleville (lignes 2 et 11) Bus 26 et 75
4769		Typical french building from 1939, a 45m square flat with old style parquet, but  Living room with a comfortable and large convertible sofa, separate kitchen and bathroom.  1 spacious and clear bedroom, with a high and large bed and a desk 
4770	A big and sunny living-room facing the park. A fully equiped office room with book-shelves, printer, comfortable desk to study, write and read. The bedroom is very peaceful with a view on gardens. 	Great for pic-nics, strolls, naps, and 15 minutes from trendy Marais. All food accomodation. Experience Paris 19e between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and the Canal in this 3-room appt facing the trees. Shelves full of books and DVDs.  A big and sunny living-room facing the park. A fully equiped office room with book-shelves, printer, comfortable desk to study, write and read. The bedroom is very peaceful with a view on gardens.  All food accomodation and trendy cafés (Chics types, Rosa Bonheur) round the block. Help yourself to our numerous books and DVDs for quiet evenings. Maps and guides to experience Paris.     We are english-speaking hosts, lived abroad many times, and hope to welcome our guests as well as we were in Spain, Germany and the US. While we travel we will be in touch through email and our family is at hand. The equipment in the appmt (kitchen bathroom, towels, bedsheets...) is fully available. 
4771	Appartement en plein Paris et sans vis à vis! Belle superficie (48m2) et bien desservi À proximité du métro, tramway L'appartement est bien situé, brasseries parisiennes en bas de l'immeuble, parc de la Villette, Zénith, Cité des Sciences, la Géode... L'appartement est bien desservi: métro ligne 7 Porte de la Villette ou Tramway	Exclusivité à Porte de la Villette Paris 19ème  Profitez d'un appartement accueillant, douillé et entièrement équipé juste en face de la Cité des Sciences, Zénith de Paris et du parc, sans vis à vis!avec chambre climatisée Appartement en plein Paris et sans vis à vis! Belle superficie (48m2) et bien desservi À proximité du métro, tramway L'appartement est bien situé, brasseries parisiennes en bas de l'immeuble, parc de la Villette, Zénith, Cité des Sciences, la Géode... L'appartement est bien desservi: métro ligne 7 Porte de la Villette ou Tramway À proximité du métro, tramway, velib' L'appartement est bien situé, brasseries parisiennes en bas de l'immeuble, parc de la Villette, Zénith, Cité des Sciences, la Géode... L'appartement est bien desservi: métro ligne 7 Porte de la Villette ou Tramway
4772	My Ngoc et Pierre habitent à Paris depuis toujours. My Ngoc est coach culinaire et saura vous conseiller sur la gastronomie. Pierre est journaliste influent du web 2.0 et connaît Paris comme sa poche.  Dans un appartement 4 pièces de 80 m², calme et spacieux, nous disposons de 2 chambres. Les chambres, au calme, donnent sur une terrasse de 17 m², avec vue sur un jardin privatif sans vis à vis, idéal pour déjeuner ou dîner en toute tranquillité. Cette chambre peut accueillir 1  personne. Voir notre autre annonce pour la 2ème chambre. 	Appartement 80m² pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. 2 chambres disponibles, au calme, donnant sur terrasse et jardin privatif. Tout confort, cuisine équipée, séjour, salle de bain et WC séparés. Proche commerces et transports, à 15mn de Chatelet My Ngoc et Pierre habitent à Paris depuis toujours. My Ngoc est coach culinaire et saura vous conseiller sur la gastronomie. Pierre est journaliste influent du web 2.0 et connaît Paris comme sa poche.  Dans un appartement 4 pièces de 80 m², calme et spacieux, nous disposons de 2 chambres. Les chambres, au calme, donnent sur une terrasse de 17 m², avec vue sur un jardin privatif sans vis à vis, idéal pour déjeuner ou dîner en toute tranquillité. Cette chambre peut accueillir 1  personne. Voir notre autre annonce pour la 2ème chambre. Les voyageurs ont accès aux pièces communes à savoir : un grand séjour-salle à manger, une cuisine équipée plaque au gaz et four électrique, WC séparé, salle de bain avec cabine douche-baignoire, terrasse acces
4773	You will stay in a cosy apartment of 37m2 and is located in a modern and secured residence just in front of the biggest and one of the most beautiful parks in Paris, le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. The trendy Marais district is within 10 minutes by transport. The neighborhood is appreciated by the bohemian parisian crowd for its bars and restaurants. The apartment is clean and very practical. It is perfect for a couple but can host up to 4 people. All the windows overlook an interior garden and you will not be bothered by the traffic day or night. Underground parking is available in the residence with a direct access to the apartment by elevator. It is not included in then price and will cost additional 12 Euros per day. 2 metro stations are very close. Botzaris station (line 7bis) is within 2 minutes walk and Jourdain station (line 11) is within 5 minutes walk. The street Belleville which is nearby is a place with a lot of typically parisian restaurants, food shops (bakeries, pastries, c	You will stay in a cosy apartment of 37m2 and is located in a modern and secured residence just in front of the biggest and one of the most beautiful parks in Paris, le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont.    You will stay in a cosy apartment of 37m2 and is located in a modern and secured residence just in front of the biggest and one of the most beautiful parks in Paris, le Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. The trendy Marais district is within 10 minutes by transport. The neighborhood is appreciated by the bohemian parisian crowd for its bars and restaurants. The apartment is clean and very practical. It is perfect for a couple but can host up to 4 people. All the windows overlook an interior garden and you will not be bothered by the traffic day or night. Underground parking is available in the residence with a direct access to the apartment by elevator. It is not included in then price and will cost additional 12 Euros per day. 2 metro stations are very close. Botzaris station (line 7bis) is within 2 
4774	The bedroom is overlooking a quiet little street and you'll spend very peacefull nights.There is a singing and charming canary who needs no caring except some water and grains.	"Pleasant 56 square meters ground floor apartment (former commercial local with a display window protected by stores and plants pots) in the heart of Belleville/ park Buttes Chaumont, lively neighbourhood . Peaceful, comfortable and full equiped. The bedroom is overlooking a quiet little street and you'll spend very peacefull nights.There is a singing and charming canary who needs no caring except some water and grains. Free access to all rooms. I will be available by phone during your stay. Typical parisian atmosphere with lots of cheap and exotic restaurants, bars with musical and poetrical performances... You can go for a walk in the most fabulous and largest park in Paris ""Les Buttes Chaumont"", or in the area of Menilmontant, with its narrow streets, its little ancient groceries and winehouses. By metro : Pyrénées metro station (3 mn walking) that will leave you straight to the heart of Paris, Velib station near by."
4775		Propose une chambre confortable, avec vue sur le Canal St-Martin. Dans appart 50m², 3 pièces. Cuisine, SdB, Toilettes séparés. Je vis dans l'appart, très habituée aux colocs, ne pas hésiter à me contacter via FB. A bientôt
4776	"Wooden floorboards, five minutes from canal, very kind bathtub, large bathroom (rare in Paris) You will have access to WIFI Internet, guitar, dishwasher, washing machine, huge bathtub, really kind and loving bed I can help you with anything you need to know... The canal walks are magical especially in autumn, the fantastically lively and very colorful  Sunday food market is  a 5 minute walk and not to be missed The super hip 104 (Cent Quatre) arts space is also a 5 minute walk and has great concerts and art exhibitions Being near the  best park in central Paris (buttes chaumont) the yoga centre 10 minute walk along the canal you can stay healthy and spiritual at the same time. The cinema is also a 10 minute walk again along the canal. All the little cafes and restaurants along the canal serve decent food. Regarding bread and baguettes- get ""la tradition"" whenever you are in Paris. So much better than regular baguettes Metro crimee is a 3 minute walk from my place and its a 15 minute ri"	Vibey 1930's style 1 bedroom apartment - modern kitchen, 1930's bathtub, insanely comfortable (no joke!!) sealy posturepedic king size bed, spacious (50 m) natural wood floors, 5 mins walk to Canal St Martin, close to Parc du Buttes Chaumont, 2 mins from metro, 15 mins metro to Opera/Louvre. Wooden floorboards, five minutes from canal, very kind bathtub, large bathroom (rare in Paris) You will have access to WIFI Internet, guitar, dishwasher, washing machine, huge bathtub, really kind and loving bed I can help you with anything you need to know... The canal walks are magical especially in autumn, the fantastically lively and very colorful  Sunday food market is  a 5 minute walk and not to be missed The super hip 104 (Cent Quatre) arts space is also a 5 minute walk and has great concerts and art exhibitions Being near the  best park in central Paris (buttes chaumont) the yoga centre 10 minute walk along the canal you can stay healthy and spiritual at the same time. The cinema is also a 
4777		Une chambre claire, équipé de nombreux placard Un havre de paix dans une rue calme et piétonne. Nous serons heureux de vous accueillir dans une maison familiale et harmonieuse. le petit déjeuner sera l'occasion de faire votre connaissance et de vous guider dans notre quartier des Buttes Chaumont. les plus: le jaccuzzi, le patio, le double-salon, le WIFI. Transports: faciles d'accés 15 mn de Chatelêt  (centre paris):  +  metro télégraphe à 2 mn  + tramway (porte des lilas) 3mn + bus 1 mn
4778	Mon appartement est situé à Paris, proche du métro et de toutes les commerces. Le magnifique parc Buttes-Chaumont se trouve à 5 min à pieds et offre une vue imprenable sur tout Paris. Le quartier est vivant et chaleureux. La place de parking privé offre la possibilité de découvrir Paris en voiture à portée de main. L'appartement donne sur le jardin privé, sans vis-à-vis. De cette façon il est très calme et lumineux.	L'appartement se trouve au 2ème étage d'un bel immeuble. Ascenseur, parking, T2, entrée, WC, salle de bains équipée, , cuisine séparée et équipée, très lumineux, toutes les commodités, proche très beau parc Buttes-Chaumont, côté jardin, calme. Mon appartement est situé à Paris, proche du métro et de toutes les commerces. Le magnifique parc Buttes-Chaumont se trouve à 5 min à pieds et offre une vue imprenable sur tout Paris. Le quartier est vivant et chaleureux. La place de parking privé offre la possibilité de découvrir Paris en voiture à portée de main. L'appartement donne sur le jardin privé, sans vis-à-vis. De cette façon il est très calme et lumineux. Toutes les parties du logement sont accessibles. Vous avez également un grand dressing à votre disposition. L'appartement se trouve à coté du métro ligne 11, stations : Pyrénées ou Jourdain.  Bus 26, 43, 60
4779	New Space! After leaving NYC, I wanted a NYC-type of loft in Paris and found this place... Now I'd like to share it with all of you. The loft is 60 square meters with a 20 square meters mezzanine, it can host up to 4 people. The bedroom is in the mezzanine with a real double bed and there's a high quality new futon in the living room for 2 more people, a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, washing machine, fridge and freezer..), internet wifi, small bathroom (shower), a TV with cable TV... a big table, two big fatboy poufs...	Very bright and quiet 60 square meters loft with a big 20 square meters mezzanine in a cute courtyard in the trendiest area of Paris. 15 minutes walk from Republique Plaza, 5 minutes from the Canal Saint Martin. New Space! After leaving NYC, I wanted a NYC-type of loft in Paris and found this place... Now I'd like to share it with all of you. The loft is 60 square meters with a 20 square meters mezzanine, it can host up to 4 people. The bedroom is in the mezzanine with a real double bed and there's a high quality new futon in the living room for 2 more people, a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, washing machine, fridge and freezer..), internet wifi, small bathroom (shower), a TV with cable TV... a big table, two big fatboy poufs...
4780	Very nice apartment with good light !  40m2 - Kitchen, Living room, Room and bathroom perfect for a couple or friends.  Planxa, table and kitchen garden on the balconies  !!	"Apartment on the third and top floor. With 2 balconies in the XIX arrondissement, close to the ""Canal de l'Ourcq"" (Parc de la Villette,  the 104 Montmartre ...) Very clean and comfortable, hope you enjoy your Paris travel in this nice flat !! Very nice apartment with good light !  40m2 - Kitchen, Living room, Room and bathroom perfect for a couple or friends.  Planxa, table and kitchen garden on the balconies  !! Internet Wifi, kitchen (small oven, toaster, planxa, kettle & fridge,...) Please fell free to ask us all your question. We can help you with a list for good restaurants, place to see...etc Let me know what do you need ! Popular area with the Canal de l'Ourcq, a lot of restaurants and place to see. Close to Montmatre... Very nice in spring/summer !  Public transport - 3 min - (subway L.7, bus 60 , tramway T.3) Enjoy our kitchen garden !! (please give him some water...)"
4781	"The flat, on the 5th floor of a old parisian building is really nice, with a lovely view on the roofs. There are 2 large rooms : one living-room with a dining corner and a large bedroom with a double bed. Although the flat is perfect for a couple, you can easily welcome an extra guest or a child as you have extra beds available.  On the ground floor, you have a really cool bar called "" La bicyclette"" which is quite famous in the area for its live concerts and great atmosphere. From the flat, you won't hear any noise  but if you like to see a typical parisian bar, i invite you to go and say hello to Bruno, the bar tender. "	"Located 100m from the metro station (lines 2, 5 & 7), 2mns walking from Canal Saint Martin and Canal de l'Ourcq and 10mns from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, in a charming and lively area,  this 2-room flat (38m2)  is a perfect home to enjoy Paris ! The flat, on the 5th floor of a old parisian building is really nice, with a lovely view on the roofs. There are 2 large rooms : one living-room with a dining corner and a large bedroom with a double bed. Although the flat is perfect for a couple, you can easily welcome an extra guest or a child as you have extra beds available.  On the ground floor, you have a really cool bar called "" La bicyclette"" which is quite famous in the area for its live concerts and great atmosphere. From the flat, you won't hear any noise  but if you like to see a typical parisian bar, i invite you to go and say hello to Bruno, the bar tender.  The wifi network is called freebox_nikita, the password is nikitaya2014 I am usually very quick at replying to your reque"
4782	Logement dans un quartier parisien commerçant et très bien placé pour aller au cœur de Paris très rapidement.  En métro à 15 min de Châtelet (quartier touristique) et à 10 min de République (lieux sympas où sortir)	Logement dans un quartier parisien commerçant et très bien placé pour aller au cœur de Paris très rapidement.  En métro à 15 min de Châtelet (quartier touristique) et à 10 min de République (lieux sympas où sortir) Le canapé lit convertible est en réalité très confortable, n'ayez pas peur pour votre dos ! L’appartement est calme mais reste proche des endroits sympa où sortir. Depuis que je suis à Paris, j'adore mon quartier Jourdain/ Buttes Chaumont, il y a plein de petits commerces et on peut se balader dans un des plus beaux parcs de Paris à seulement quelques minutes.  Cet appartement est très bien desservit avec : - le métro 11, arrêt Jourdain qui conduit très rapidement vers le cœur de Paris Châtelet, République, deux quartiers très animés où l'on retrouve des monuments à visiter. - Le métro 7bis, arrêt Botzaris qui mène au nouveau quartier sympa du canal de l'Ourq idéal pour profiter des petits bars au bord de l'eau. - Bus 60 : accès direct à gare du Nord - Bus 26 ou 48 : accès d
4783	For smart travelers. Really simple and practice, not for fashion lovers ;) you will be close to the most beautiful park of Paris ! The area is really safe, the building is ultra secure (2security codes for outside door, 1 watch keeper in the hall and 1 digital code in the elevator)	Cute studio, 1 room with open kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 double bed. Quite and very central. For smart travlers. Really simple and practice. Close to one of the most beutiful park in paris: Les buttes chaumont. A hill+lac in the town ! For smart travelers. Really simple and practice, not for fashion lovers ;) you will be close to the most beautiful park of Paris ! The area is really safe, the building is ultra secure (2security codes for outside door, 1 watch keeper in the hall and 1 digital code in the elevator) check the guide section : i'll put all the good spot in the area :) and more if you ask for !! quite neighborhood. place really central in paris ! line 2 & 5 & 11 walkable 5 min each + full of bus
4784		Lovely 2-room flat, 30 square meters, 19th arrondissement of Paris. Very quiet and close to commodities. 5 mn walk away from parks Buttes Chaumont & La Villette for picnics and relaxing.  2mn walk away from subway line 5 (Ourq)  
4785		Cosy and quiet Studio in the middle of parisian quarters Belleville, Butte-Chaumont. Short walk to Metro lines 11 and 2. Amazing park around the corner. Nice shower and kitchen.  You're definitely going to  enjoy your stay.
4786		A very high standing apartment in the center of Paris : - 10min from Montmartre - 50m from the canal - 3 rooms (dble beds) - 1 modern living room (1 convertible sofa & 1 sofa) - 2 bathrooms - 1 full equipped kitchen - High quality sound system
4787	"My studio is the perfect place for a couple who wants to live the parisian experience! It is located in a quiet street. It is small but has a very good layout: One room with a kitchen and a bar, storages, a bright bathroom with a bathtub, tv, internet and cable. It is very close to the subway (less than 1min by foot, station Ourcq line 5), close to a very famous and romantic park called ""Les buttes Chaumont"" and La Villette park. You have a grocecy shop only 2 min away by foot and a boulangerie. If you need more information don't hesitate i'll be happy to answer your questions!  Mathilde"	"My studio is the perfect place for a couple who wants to live the parisian experience! It is located in a quiet street. It is small but has a very good layout: One room with a kitchen and a bar, storages, a bright bathroom with a bathtub, tv, internet and cable. It is very close to the subway (less than 1min by foot, station Ourcq line 5), close to a very famous and romantic park called ""Les buttes Chaumont"" and La Villette park. You have a grocecy shop only 2 min away by foot and a boulangerie. If you need more information don't hesitate i'll be happy to answer your questions!  Mathilde"
4788		Carole et Lisa vous accueillent dans leur appartement situé en face du parc des Buttes-Chaumont. La chambre dispose d'un grand lit 2 places. Vous bénéficierez d'un grand confort avec possibilité de petit-déjeuner si vous le souhaitez (5 Eur/pers). En juillet, les courts séjours -d'une semaine seront privilégiés!
4789		Charmant appartement de 2 pièces avec jardin situé à coté du canal de l’Ourcq, à cinq minutes à pied du Parc de la Villette. Bien desservi par les transports : lignes 5 et 7 du métro et bus 60. Idéal pour un couple ou une jeune famille.
4790	Situé au 1er étage  d'une charmante petite rue calme.  Appartement très lumineux. Composé d'une pièce de vie spacieuse tout équipé (1 grand lit 2places  et 1 canapé lit 2places / grande table / chaises ...) Cuisine ouverte. Une salle de bain agréable et un couloir ou disposer ses valises. 	28 m² chaleureux, calme et lumineux. Très bien desservis par les transports, à 15mn du centre de Paris!    Situé à Jourdain, charment quartier Parisien à l'allure de village, à moins de 5 mn à pieds des Buttes de Chaumont. Proche tous commerces Situé au 1er étage  d'une charmante petite rue calme.  Appartement très lumineux. Composé d'une pièce de vie spacieuse tout équipé (1 grand lit 2places  et 1 canapé lit 2places / grande table / chaises ...) Cuisine ouverte. Une salle de bain agréable et un couloir ou disposer ses valises. Jourdain, charment quartier de l'est Parisien à l'allure de village avec des rues ou se mêlent commerçants et artisans, sans oublier son église gothique.  A moins de 5 mn à pieds du Parc des Buttes de Chaumont ou vous pourrez venir pique-niquer , vous reposer en toute tranquillité ou apprécier l'ambiance du Rosa Bonheur… Bonnes Adresses / Visite du quartier : Après l’achat d’une baguette à LA boulangerie (140 rue de Belleville, Meilleure Baguette de Paris en 20
4791	This atypical Loft of 57 m2 in duplex is situated in full greenery! In a residence closed and reassured with a garden. Redone by an architect: - On the ground floor, a modern and fully-equipped kitchen , the toilet, the bedroom and an bathroom of Italian-style shower. Access directly to the garden. - On the first floor a large lounge with two sofas, a TV flat big screen, a dining room outings of two tables bar and of 4 chairs. A light way with a vertiginous impression)! Small balcony and access to the garden  by a staircase. Ideal for two people (real bed of 140 cms), I accept a 3rd person without supplement and can give an inflatable mattress. Possibility of sleeping directly on the sofa but which is not convertible.	Loft in duplex in a little piece of heaven. Take advantage of an exceptional place in the heart of Paris but far from the tumult of the city. Walk  along the channel in the park of Vilette and enjoy numerous culturous activities This atypical Loft of 57 m2 in duplex is situated in full greenery! In a residence closed and reassured with a garden. Redone by an architect: - On the ground floor, a modern and fully-equipped kitchen , the toilet, the bedroom and an bathroom of Italian-style shower. Access directly to the garden. - On the first floor a large lounge with two sofas, a TV flat big screen, a dining room outings of two tables bar and of 4 chairs. A light way with a vertiginous impression)! Small balcony and access to the garden  by a staircase. Ideal for two people (real bed of 140 cms), I accept a 3rd person without supplement and can give an inflatable mattress. Possibility of sleeping directly on the sofa but which is not convertible. My hosts will have at arrangement all the b
4792	Idéal pour couple voulant passer un moment romantique à Paris, ce studio bénéficie d'un plafond à NUIT ETOILEE par fibre optique. Effet assuré !!! Lumineux, sans vis-à-vis, sur petite cour fleurie, ce logement tout confort et haut de gamme a de nombreux atouts tel qu'une cabine de douche à l'italienne avec colonne à pluie tropicale éclairée par LED, WC suspendu, Système de son 5.1, console de jeux Xbox 360, imprimante 3en1, éclairage d'ambiance par LED, machine lavante séchante, plaques de cuisson à induction, Canapé lit de marque avec matelas orthopédique Simmons, dressing, porte blindée etc...	Beau studio lumineux, cosy, moderne et design dans une charmante petite copropriété propre et très calme. Situé dans une rue paisible d'un quartier tendance, il est à 1 minute du Parc des Buttes-Chaumont et à 3 minutes des  stations de bus et métro. Idéal pour couple voulant passer un moment romantique à Paris, ce studio bénéficie d'un plafond à NUIT ETOILEE par fibre optique. Effet assuré !!! Lumineux, sans vis-à-vis, sur petite cour fleurie, ce logement tout confort et haut de gamme a de nombreux atouts tel qu'une cabine de douche à l'italienne avec colonne à pluie tropicale éclairée par LED, WC suspendu, Système de son 5.1, console de jeux Xbox 360, imprimante 3en1, éclairage d'ambiance par LED, machine lavante séchante, plaques de cuisson à induction, Canapé lit de marque avec matelas orthopédique Simmons, dressing, porte blindée etc... Entre Parc des Buttes Chaumont et Jardins de Belleville, le quartier Jourdain est un véritable village paisible et cosmopolite où les rues sont pav
4793		Studio trés calme.lit simple, matelas pneumatique éléctrique confortable,Kitchenette avec frigo.salle de bain. 19 eme arrondissement metro Ourcq. a coté du canal de l'ourcq et du parc de la villette quartier agreable et bien situé.
4794	The flat is situated  at the top of our building. Hence a great feeling of privacy. A big artist studio is for rent ; it has a  double bed  and an extra bed for a third person.  It is ideal for a couple but it can host up to 3 people. There is also  a kitchen,  architect-made small but convenient.           Both  rooms overlook a large terrace 100m2. A table tennis-table is available...It's the ideal spot to relax after a hectic day of visits...     There is a parking lot downstairs with a  direct  access by lift. 	    In Paris close to le Parc de la  Villette,  a lovely ARTIST STUDIO  with big  terrace, in a very well kept estate,  secure (guarded). Metro line 7 takes you everywhere. Best for 2,  It is suitable for up to 3 people...Shopping close at hand.    The flat is situated  at the top of our building. Hence a great feeling of privacy. A big artist studio is for rent ; it has a  double bed  and an extra bed for a third person.  It is ideal for a couple but it can host up to 3 people. There is also  a kitchen,  architect-made small but convenient.           Both  rooms overlook a large terrace 100m2. A table tennis-table is available...It's the ideal spot to relax after a hectic day of visits...     There is a parking lot downstairs with a  direct  access by lift. The big studio (with its own loggia) has  a  direct access to the terrace . There is a kitchen.  A bathroom (see view). Toilets are apart. We are not in our flat in the Summer months. Claudia our neighbour will  welcome you and wil
4795		Charmante maison de 65m2 avec grand salon et cuisine donnant sur cour ensoleillée et arborée de 25m2. Situé entre le canal saint Martin (5min) et le parc des Buttes Chaumont (5min), dans un quartier très commerçant. Idéal couple avec enfant.
4796		Je vous souhaite la bienvenue dans mon appartement de 40 m2 très lumineux et très calme avec un balcon donnant sur le jardin. Situé à deux pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du Canal de l'Ourcq et de la piscine Pailleron. Le quartier bénéficie de la proximité du superbe parc des Buttes Chaumont, de la piscine Pailleron avec son jaccuzi et jets hydromassants, ainsi qu'un solarium extérieur. Les cinemas sont à 10 mn à pied et la cité de la Villette à quelques stations de métros. Les stations de métro les plus proches sont Colonel Fabien sur la ligne 2, Jaurès sur la ligne 5 ou Bolivar sur la ligne 7 bis. Le bus N° 26 vous emmène à gare du nord en 10 mn.
4797		Appart 90m2 tout équipé pouvant accueillir 6 personnes. 2 chambres (1 lit 2p et 1 cliclac 2p), 1 grand salon avec canapé convertible et cuisine US. 1 sdb avec baignoire et wc séparés. Balcon Place de parking  Place de parking en sous sol
4798	Par ce qu il est décorer à mon goût il est cosy et typiquement parisien	Appartement de 60 m' avec 2 chambres une salle de bain baignoire  La chambre à un lit deux places et donne côté cour intérieur  A 50 m du métro  dans un quartier en pleine expansion vous pourrez vous balader à la Villette sur les quai le soir ambiance bonne enfant Par ce qu il est décorer à mon goût il est cosy et typiquement parisien Salle de bain et cuisine Je suis plutôt accueillante et serviable donc tout dépend de la rencontre sinon ouverte à la découverte ! Mon quartier représenté le monde pluri culturel avec une ambiance bonne enfant sur le canal bar resto un peu beaubeau a deux pas du métro  On y retrouve aussi le parc de la Villette avec son zénith la géode ,la cite  des siences , le philharmonic de Paris qui vient d ouvrir  Mais aussi les Buttes Chaumont  La fenêtre donné côté cour intérieur donc pas de bruits A deux pas du métro ligne 5 métro Ourcq sur cette ligne se trouve la Gare du Nord, la gare de l est ,république, Bastille donc rend facile à l accès de tout Paris
4799	bonjour ,je loue une chambre meublée dans mon appartement  tout équipé du 15 juillet au 31 aout (700 € le mois ,50 € la nuit ,minimum 2 nuits ) le quartier très commerçant ,mi bobo ,mi populaire , à 3mn du métro,à 15 mn du centre ,à 10mn du parc des buttes chaumont  appartement très bien décoré, calme, très lumineux avec grand balcon ,plein sud, vue imprenable  sur Paris !	bonjour ,je loue une chambre meublée dans mon appartement  tout équipé du 15 juillet au 31 aout (700 € le mois ,50 € la nuit ,minimum 2 nuits ) le quartier très commerçant ,mi bobo ,mi populaire , à 3mn du métro,à 15 mn du centre ,à 10mn du parc des buttes chaumont  appartement très bien décoré, calme, très lumineux avec grand balcon ,plein sud, vue imprenable  sur Paris ! accès à la cuisine et tout son équipement ,à la salle de bain et machine à laver,au salon et au grand balcon. je serai disponible pour vous aider dans votre séjour quartier,calme et à la fois festif  pour sortir, boire un verre sur les quais de seine (15mn à pied) de nombreux endroits pour sortir sont proches ,pour visiter tout est à 15/30 MN !en métro le métro est au coin de la rue (2mn max à pied),bus au bout de la rue ...
