34500		Appartement spacieux et lumineux de 150 m2  avec le charme de l'ancien ( parquet, cheminées, moulures ) refait à neuf avec 2 salles de bains avec douche à l'italienne et cuisine américaine et arrière-cuisine.
34501	This lovely property is arround 60 sq meters (600 sq feet) with a queen-size bedroom and also a double sofa bed in the living room. It is fully equiped: TV, WiFi, HiFi system. The bathroom also have a washing machine with dryer, and in the kitchen you will find everything to cook French food, even a dishwasher. The building is secured, access is made using PIN code and intercom. There is also a caretaker leaving in the building in case you need assistance. The apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator. January and February bookings only by the month at 2400Euros/month + 700 Euros security deposit. 	A very romantic setting with river views in a great location. Now available for monthly bookings from Nov 2015 -Feb 2016 for 2 - 3 guests. This lovely property is arround 60 sq meters (600 sq feet) with a queen-size bedroom and also a double sofa bed in the living room. It is fully equiped: TV, WiFi, HiFi system. The bathroom also have a washing machine with dryer, and in the kitchen you will find everything to cook French food, even a dishwasher. The building is secured, access is made using PIN code and intercom. There is also a caretaker leaving in the building in case you need assistance. The apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator. January and February bookings only by the month at 2400Euros/month + 700 Euros security deposit. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in adva
34502		Nous aurons un grand plaisir à vous recevoir dans nouvel appartement, fraichement rénové, climatisé et en plein coeur du Marais!
34503		Charmant appartement de deux pièces comprenant un salon avec canapé d'angle convertible, une chambre pour deux personnes avec un lit bébé, une cuisine et salle de bain. L'appartement se situe à Montreuil à 15min à pied du métro ou bus à 100m.
34504	Rue des Archives, in the heart of the MARAIS, the nicer and most central area of PARIS nearby, NOTRE DAME, PLACE DES VOSGES, GEORGES POMPIDOU MUSEUM, ILE SAINT LOUIS ... Its ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs) will allow you to reach all the main sites of interest very easily with a large public transport network (metro, bus, RER, cab) On the 1st Floor, as a luxury hotel room, this one room appartment welcomes you for your tourist or business stay in the french capital city. Entirely renovated with great care and high quality materials in a contemporary style, you stay will be pleasant and comfortable. All is new. The great bedding (160x200) will allow you to have peaceful and quiet nights even during the summer hot nights as air conditioning is set up. The bathroom with a separate toilet has a large shower cabinet. A washing machine is available. The Kitchen is fully equipped with all you need for cooking (microwave, fridge, hob, 	Rue des Archives, in the heart of the MARAIS, the nicer and most central area of PARIS nearby, NOTRE DAME, PLACE DES VOSGES, GEORGES POMPIDOU MUSEUM, ILE SAINT LOUIS ... Its ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs) will allow you to reach all the main sites of interest very easily with a large public transport network (metro, bus, RER, cab) On the 1st Floor, as a luxury hotel room, this one room appartment welcomes you for your tourist or business stay in the french capital city. Entirely renovated with great care and high quality materials in a contemporary style, you stay will be pleasant and comfortable. All is new. The great bedding (160x200) will allow you to have peaceful and quiet nights even during the summer hot nights as air conditioning is set up. The bathroom with a separate toilet has a large shower cabinet. A washing machine is available. The Kitchen is fully equipped with all you need for cooking (microwave, fridge, hob, 
34505	Appartement typique du Marais, refait à neuf avec colombage repeint en blanc pour plus de modernité. 3 grandes fenêtres donnant sur les toits illuminent la pièce à vivre. Idéal pour séjourner lors d'un voyage touristique ou pour un séjour longue durée (workers en mission temporaire à Paris). Un grand salon avec canapé très confortable (servant de lit pour les 7 et 8e voyageurs). Cuisine avec table pour 6/8 personnes.  Salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et lavabo, machine à laver le linge, avec fenêtre sur cour.  3 chambres (1 avec lit 180 x 200 , 1 avec lit de  180 x 200, 1 avec 2 lits superposés  90x200), matelas de grand confort et linge de qualité. Serviettes de bain mises à disposition.	Idéalement situé au coeur du Paris branché, historique et culturel. Sous les toits de Paris, un appartement très confortable refait à neuf, toutes commodités. En amoureux ou en famille, vous adorerez profiter de Paris aussi facilement ! Appartement typique du Marais, refait à neuf avec colombage repeint en blanc pour plus de modernité. 3 grandes fenêtres donnant sur les toits illuminent la pièce à vivre. Idéal pour séjourner lors d'un voyage touristique ou pour un séjour longue durée (workers en mission temporaire à Paris). Un grand salon avec canapé très confortable (servant de lit pour les 7 et 8e voyageurs). Cuisine avec table pour 6/8 personnes.  Salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et lavabo, machine à laver le linge, avec fenêtre sur cour.  3 chambres (1 avec lit 180 x 200 , 1 avec lit de  180 x 200, 1 avec 2 lits superposés  90x200), matelas de grand confort et linge de qualité. Serviettes de bain mises à disposition. Sur place, un Book d'accueil avec toutes les bonnes adresses du (
34506	The apartment is composed of a fully equipped open kitchen with a spacious living room and two quiet bedrooms that face a wide courtyard.  Kitchen: Furnished with utensils, toaster, microwave, dishwasher, oven, pots, pans, and glassware. Bathroom: Renovated mosaic tile bathroom with shower and washing machine. Hair dryer and towels.  Bedroom 1: Quiet and faces courtyard with Queen bed.  Bedroom 2/Study: Single bed facing courtyard with a large amount of closet space.  Renovated building with a wide staircase. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without elevator.  The apartment will be fully cleaned by a maid and linens washed before check-in.	Bright modern fully renovated 3 room Marais apartment with large French windows and high ceilings steps away from Saint Paul and Place des Vosges. The apartment is composed of a fully equipped open kitchen with a spacious living room and two quiet bedrooms that face a wide courtyard.  Kitchen: Furnished with utensils, toaster, microwave, dishwasher, oven, pots, pans, and glassware. Bathroom: Renovated mosaic tile bathroom with shower and washing machine. Hair dryer and towels.  Bedroom 1: Quiet and faces courtyard with Queen bed.  Bedroom 2/Study: Single bed facing courtyard with a large amount of closet space.  Renovated building with a wide staircase. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without elevator.  The apartment will be fully cleaned by a maid and linens washed before check-in. The apartment is centrally located in the heart of the Marais and is surrounded by nice boutiques, art galleries, and museums. The Picasso museum and Musee Carnavalet are walking distance as well 
34507	"Area: Le Marais - historic center of the city  Nearby Neighborhood: Ile Saint-Louis - Place des Vosges. Our flat is located on the the 5th floor with lift in an ancient parisian building in a very safe and familial neighborhood as we are on the same street as the main police station of the Marais.  We can receive from 1 to 3 people. You'll sleep quietly in our double living room . There is a simple bed and a double sofa-bed. The rooms are big and full of light with antique ""parquet"", chimneys and a huge balcony with a view on the ""génie de la Bastille"" !  In the kitchen you will have breakfast. The shared bathroom has a shower and separate toilets. We'll provide bed sheets and towels. The apartment is decorated with a lot of taste, a mix of modern and classic style that functions really nicely in Parisian apartments. There is general feeling of peacefulness which is great after a day visiting the delights of Paris. Come home ! Your stay will be a dream in the city of lights !!! "	"Live with a parisian family, what a great experience !  We rent our big  living room of 35 m2 in our apartment of 100 m2. We can receive from 1 to 3 people. You'll sleep quietly in our double living room in a very quiet and safe street.  Area: Le Marais - historic center of the city  Nearby Neighborhood: Ile Saint-Louis - Place des Vosges. Our flat is located on the the 5th floor with lift in an ancient parisian building in a very safe and familial neighborhood as we are on the same street as the main police station of the Marais.  We can receive from 1 to 3 people. You'll sleep quietly in our double living room . There is a simple bed and a double sofa-bed. The rooms are big and full of light with antique ""parquet"", chimneys and a huge balcony with a view on the ""génie de la Bastille"" !  In the kitchen you will have breakfast. The shared bathroom has a shower and separate toilets. We'll provide bed sheets and towels. The apartment is decorated with a lot of taste, a mix of modern and "
34508		En plein centre de Paris, mon petit chez moi vous accueillera dans un joli cadre vintage et atypique. Niche au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien avec un petit balcon, il offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un week end sympa a Paris. Réservez maintenant! Logement entier. Accueil et départ. C'est le quartier le plus central de Paris. Vous aurez accès à tout très facilement. Proche de tous commerces, monuments et la seine, le vieux quartier du Marais vous charmera à coup sûr! Ligne 1  Saint-Paul / Hôtel de Ville Ligne 11  Hôtel de Ville Bus 96, 69, 76 (direction Châtelet) rue Vieille du Temple - Marie du 4è 96, 69, 76 (direction Bastille) Église Saint Gervais  Vélib  BHV  Rue vieille du temple
34509	During December 21-January 6 the entire apartment will be available to rent. I will be out of town. Normally, the apartment has a separate bedroom which I use, and the main room has a full size loft bed. I'm usually at University all day, but I travel often and leave the whole apartment is empty. It is one of the most beautiful places I have lived in while in Paris. Great neighborhood if you like history, great dining, antique shopping and falafels!  	A 5 min walk from the metro at Saint Paul, you are right next to the Seine and Notre Dame. Large windows, historic views, dining, shopping, this place has it all. It has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, couch, dining area and full size bed. Every window reveals beautiful views.
34510	This is a 24 metre boat, comfortable and warm in winter. A child's bunk-bed is also available in a separate cabin at no extra cost.	Bright double cabin adjoining a beautiful private bathroom with shower. Rich continental breakfast in communal area of the boat. Unlimited tea/coffee. Short walk to Notre Dame,  Bastille, Le Marais and much more.  Close to buses and metro station. This is a 24 metre boat, comfortable and warm in winter. A child's bunk-bed is also available in a separate cabin at no extra cost. Guests can sit out on deck if the weather is warm. They can also make tea and coffee whenever they want. I will meet you on your arrival and be available when necessary and can advise you what to see in the area. This is a lively neighbourhood with plenty of cafes, restaurants and shops nearby. We are close to the Opera and the Picasso museum. The Louvre, if you like walking, is about 3 km.The Notre Dame, the left bank and the Latin quarter are about 20 minutes walk. There is a underground garage close by and we are very near bus lines and the metro-stop. But Paris is best on foot and this is a lovely start to a 
34511	Very well located flat in Paris, in Beaubourg and  the centre of the Marais, at 200m of the Seine river and Louvre, Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame et Place des Vosges.  The flat is on 3rd  floor without elevator It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a separated room, 1 sofa bed for 2 person   (140x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an oven, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, coffee maker, kitchen tool, washing machine, iron, internet wifi, a bathroom, household linens with towels included	Appreciate the feeling of being home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of my fully renovated apartment. Our flats are ideally located in the heart of Paris, on the border of the famous Marais area, near the Centre Georges Pompidou, les Halles and the Hotel de Ville. Within 10 minutes walking distance you are in Saint Germain - Saint Michel or at The Louvre Manyshops and stores are close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery, Supermarket, Open air market, Theater, Restaurant, Cafe, Club, Laundromat, Doctor, Hospital, Easy acces from Roissy and Orly airports (taxi or RER) and from the main train stations Very well located flat in Paris, in Beaubourg and  the centre of the Marais, at 200m of the Seine river and Louvre, Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame et Place des Vosges.  The flat is on 3rd  floor without elevator It is a quiet and cosy flat with 1 double bed (140x200cm) in a separated room, 1 sofa bed for 2 person   (140x200cm) in the living room with TV, all equiped kitchen with cooktop and an 
34512	Only a short walk away are famous attractions, such as the Tuilerie Gardens, the Seine, the Place des Victoires and Place de la Concorde. Just a two minute walk away is the Metro. A bus stop and taxi stand are just around the corner. Dining venues, bars, bakeries and patisseries are conveniently close by. An elevator takes you to the third floor.  The apartment is reached via a flight of stairs. Stretched across two levels, the Dans les Jardins features 140 square meters (1507 square feet) of comfortable living space. On the first floor, the open concept living room shares space with the dining area for eight people and allows easy access to the fully equipped kitchen. A large balcony overlooking the Palais Royal gardens is within easy reach. The first bedroom with a king bed, walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom, is also located on this floor. The second floor hosts two bedrooms and a terrace. One of the bedrooms has a king bed and the other has a queen bed; both have en-suite bathroo	Located in the heart of Paris and just moments away from the gardens of the Louvre Museum, Dans les Jardins is situated in the original Palais Royal which was constructed in the 17th century. Only a short walk away are famous attractions, such as the Tuilerie Gardens, the Seine, the Place des Victoires and Place de la Concorde. Just a two minute walk away is the Metro. A bus stop and taxi stand are just around the corner. Dining venues, bars, bakeries and patisseries are conveniently close by. An elevator takes you to the third floor.  The apartment is reached via a flight of stairs. Stretched across two levels, the Dans les Jardins features 140 square meters (1507 square feet) of comfortable living space. On the first floor, the open concept living room shares space with the dining area for eight people and allows easy access to the fully equipped kitchen. A large balcony overlooking the Palais Royal gardens is within easy reach. The first bedroom with a king bed, walk-in closet and e
34513		Magnifique studio au coeur du Marais (centre de Paris) avec grande terrasse , à deux pas du métro Saint Paul (Ligne 1)  Peut accueillir 2 à 3 personnes ( 1 grand lit double + 1 lit d'appoint pour 1 personne )
34514	"Appartement de charme,  situé dans un immeuble de style haussmannien. Au cœur de Paris, proche de la Place de la Bastille et à 2 minutes de la Place des Vosges, la plus belle place de Paris ! Le quartier, typiquement Parisien est animé et très sûr. Équipe d'un grand canapé-lit très confortable avec système ""RAPIDO"" qui  permet de convertir la canapé en lit, d'un seul geste (sans enlever les coussins du canapé) La salle de bain dispose d'une douche et de toilettes Les équipements - TV LCD - Chauffage - Internet wifi  - Machine à laver  - Cuisine ouverte équipée avec plaque induction,  four à micro-ondes, machine à café Dolce Gusto,  vaisselle, casseroles etc... Le linge de maison est fourni (serviettes et draps) . Surface : 22m2 Capacité d'accueil : 2 personnes Très calme, dans un immeuble très bien entretenu L'appartement est situé 6ème étage, sans ascenseur. A proximité de tous commerces. Un supermarché est situé à 3 minutes a pieds"	"Situé au pied de la Place de la Bastille dans le centre historique de Paris, cet appartement est le point de départ idéal pour découvrir Paris! Calme et très agréable, il est proche de tous commerces et des lieux d’intérêts Accès Metro 1, 5 & 8 Appartement de charme,  situé dans un immeuble de style haussmannien. Au cœur de Paris, proche de la Place de la Bastille et à 2 minutes de la Place des Vosges, la plus belle place de Paris ! Le quartier, typiquement Parisien est animé et très sûr. Équipe d'un grand canapé-lit très confortable avec système ""RAPIDO"" qui  permet de convertir la canapé en lit, d'un seul geste (sans enlever les coussins du canapé) La salle de bain dispose d'une douche et de toilettes Les équipements - TV LCD - Chauffage - Internet wifi  - Machine à laver  - Cuisine ouverte équipée avec plaque induction,  four à micro-ondes, machine à café Dolce Gusto,  vaisselle, casseroles etc... Le linge de maison est fourni (serviettes et draps) . Surface : 22m2 Capacité d'accuei"
34515	I am situated in the heart of Paris, just steps away from famous centre Georges Pompidou and of the Marais, 22 rue de la Reynie. It will be a pleasure for us to greet you in this historic and animated neighbourhood. By foot, by bus, by bicycle (Velib) or by metro, you will easily discover the Hôtel de ville (city hall), the Louvre, the Notre-Dame cathedral, the quartier Latin, as well as many cafés, pubs, and excellent restaurants.	I am situated in the heart of Paris, just steps away from famous centre Georges Pompidou and of the Marais, 22 rue de la Reynie. It will be a pleasure for us to greet you in this historic and animated neighbourhood. By foot, by bus, by bicycle (Velib) or by metro, you will easily discover the Hôtel de ville (city hall), the Louvre, the Notre-Dame cathedral, the quartier Latin, as well as many cafés, pubs, and excellent restaurants.
34516	Come to enjoy the real Paris ! 	"Beautiful and lightful 58 m2 apartment close to the ""Place des Vosges"" in the heart of ""Le Marais"". A large living / dining room, well furnished kitchen, and two bedrooms with double beds. Close to shops and subway line 1 & 8.  Please contact us !  Come to enjoy the real Paris !  Le Marais est un quartier incroyable pour se balader, découvrir les musées, les restaurants et surtout les jardins cachés entre les différents bâtiments !  Il y a toujours de l'animation, même le dimanche :-) Proche Ligne 1 (Saint-Paul, Bastille) et 8 (Chemin Vert)"
34517	-	One street away from the famous Place des Vosges and Place de La Bastille, you will enjoy for your exclusive use a spacy one bed room apartment located at the 3rd floor with elevator. -
34518	Charming and comfortable two bedroom apartment of 88m2 in the historic site of Place des Vosges, Paris. Located in Le Marais, 4th district, one of the best areas in town. The neighbourhood is full of trendy restaurants, traditional cafés, art galleries and lots of fashion shops. Walking distance to museums and city sights, such the Carnavalet Museum, Jewish History Museum, Centre Pompidou . Both Metro station and bus stops are within 4 minutes walk. The apartment is on a XVII century building, on the third floor. Recently renovated in August 2013 but keeping the original style, with wood floors, molded ceilings and beautifully decorated.  Master bedroom with a super comfortable queen size bed and the second bedroom with two single beds. The fifth guest sleeps in a big sofa-bed in the living room. One fully equipped bathroom with the best hot shower in the world! We also have a guests toilette. Bed linen and towels are provided. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, stove, dishwasher and wash	Charming and comfortable two bedroom apartment of 88m2 in the historic site of Place des Vosges, Paris. Located in Le Marais, 4th district, one of the best areas in town. The neighbourhood is full of trendy restaurants, traditional cafés, art galleries and lots of fashion shops. Walking distance to museums and city sights, such the Carnavalet Museum, Jewish History Museum, Centre Pompidou . Both Metro station and bus stops are within 4 minutes walk. The apartment is on a XVII century building, on the third floor. Recently renovated in August 2013 but keeping the original style, with wood floors, molded ceilings and beautifully decorated.  Master bedroom with a super comfortable queen size bed and the second bedroom with two single beds. The fifth guest sleeps in a big sofa-bed in the living room. One fully equipped bathroom with the best hot shower in the world! We also have a guests toilette. Bed linen and towels are provided. Kitchen with fridge, microwave, stove, dishwasher and wash
34519	A bright, non smoking and tastefully decorated apartment in the centre of the city of lights. The apartment is located in a quiet street ( after 7pm every evening and weekends  /  residents are mostly young professionals, business owners, and young families), in the much searched after second district of Paris.  From here, you are just a quick metro ride ( 2 main train stations, both a 5 minute walk)  to most monuments, museums, cathedrals, restaurants and shopping galleries. During the summer and sunny days, you can easily walk to most destinations. As well, the famously known district of Montorgueil ( Paris most famous street known for its fine French cuisine and local organic products, cafes, eclectic food scene, wine bars, fine bakery shops and more) is just around the corner.  This area is known for its French countryside feeling in the city.   A popular spot for locals to socialize while doing their fresh local bought organic food shopping.  The area is perfectly lined with famou	A new, bright, non smoking and tastefully decorated 1 bedroom apartment in central Paris.  Great transport, a food haven for food lovers within walking distance from the quartier Montorgueil area, and many important national museums and sites A bright, non smoking and tastefully decorated apartment in the centre of the city of lights. The apartment is located in a quiet street ( after 7pm every evening and weekends  /  residents are mostly young professionals, business owners, and young families), in the much searched after second district of Paris.  From here, you are just a quick metro ride ( 2 main train stations, both a 5 minute walk)  to most monuments, museums, cathedrals, restaurants and shopping galleries. During the summer and sunny days, you can easily walk to most destinations. As well, the famously known district of Montorgueil ( Paris most famous street known for its fine French cuisine and local organic products, cafes, eclectic food scene, wine bars, fine bakery shops an
34520	"Sous les poutres blanchies, se niche ce petit paradis ou le temps semble s'être arrêté. Il y règne une atmosphère paisible, ou les vieux bouquins de la bibliothèque n'en finissent plus de vous inviter au voyage. Sur l'île St Louis, on y flâne a pied, sur les quais de Seine, ou dans les vieilles boutiques : a vous de choisir ! Vous n'êtes pas prêt d'oublier les charmes innombrables de ce joli studio et de ce ""petit village"" au cœur de la capitale ..."	"Sur l'ile St Louis, l'île des artistes, se niche ce merveilleux studio complétement rénové, sous les toits, dans un style plein de charme et d'authenticité. Vous allez adorer ! Sous les poutres blanchies, se niche ce petit paradis ou le temps semble s'être arrêté. Il y règne une atmosphère paisible, ou les vieux bouquins de la bibliothèque n'en finissent plus de vous inviter au voyage. Sur l'île St Louis, on y flâne a pied, sur les quais de Seine, ou dans les vieilles boutiques : a vous de choisir ! Vous n'êtes pas prêt d'oublier les charmes innombrables de ce joli studio et de ce ""petit village"" au cœur de la capitale ... Depuis l'île St Louis, il vous sera possible d'accéder sans l'usage de la voiture a tous les sites emblématiques de Paris. L'île St Louis regorge de petits restaurants, cafés Parisiens, boutiques anciennes, galeries d'art, ateliers d'artistes, ... Sur les quais de Seine, les promenades seront romantiques...Depuis les ponts qui franchissent les bras de Seine, vous all"
34521	"NEW ON AIRBNB - SPECIAL LAUNCH RATE! Enter next to the famous Place des Vosges, and you are there! This full of light Parisian, very quiet apartment is located in the very heart of the Marais and is decorated and furnished in the quarter style: Elegant and refined! In other words: it's gorgeous!   It includes: . A large master bedroom, with one double bed (140x200 cm) and a single bed (80x200 cm) . A bright and relaxing living room, with a comfortable, convertible sofa for 2 persons (160x200 cm) . A fully equipped kitchen . A large bathroom . Separated toilets   Did we mention that Le Marais (""The Marsh"", French pronunciation: [maʁɛ]) is the oldest district of Paris? This aristocratic district hosts many outstanding buildings of historical and architectural importance. It's also what many famous artists - from Victor Hugo to John Galliano - called home. And now, for the duration of your next Parisian trip, so can you!"	"Live the Parisian experience, right in the heart of the Marais, in a charming and relaxing typical Parisian apartment!  The perfect place to relax after a long day discovering  all Paris famous spots...and hidden gems! Welcome to your Parisian home! NEW ON AIRBNB - SPECIAL LAUNCH RATE! Enter next to the famous Place des Vosges, and you are there! This full of light Parisian, very quiet apartment is located in the very heart of the Marais and is decorated and furnished in the quarter style: Elegant and refined! In other words: it's gorgeous!   It includes: . A large master bedroom, with one double bed (140x200 cm) and a single bed (80x200 cm) . A bright and relaxing living room, with a comfortable, convertible sofa for 2 persons (160x200 cm) . A fully equipped kitchen . A large bathroom . Separated toilets   Did we mention that Le Marais (""The Marsh"", French pronunciation: [maʁɛ]) is the oldest district of Paris? This aristocratic district hosts many outstanding buildings of historical "
34522	In the heart of Paris on the Ile de la Cité, Nice one bedroom apartment on the top floor of a beautiful Haussman building at the foot of Notre Dame. The apartment of 50 m2 on being quiet, no traffic noise, offers a beautiful view of the Cathedral of Notre Dame and is 5 minutes from Le Marais, Chatelet, boulevard Saint Germain and Saint Michel... It has a fitted kitchen bar with 4 stools, 4 ring hob, fridge, microwave, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster, juicer ... The living room with a sofa non convertible 2 people, a coffee table, a leather armchair, LCD TV 127 cm, a DVD player, a pregnant Boss Airplay. The dining room has a dining table for 4 people, DVD library. The room quiet on the course has a double bed, a 54 cm LCD TV and DVD player, a wardrobe and a small dressing room. Spacious bathroom with washing machine and dryer. Code and intercom. Linen and towels provided. 1 inflatable mattress available (1-2 people).	Exceptional view of Notre Dame de Paris. Apartment charming, quiet courtyard and conveniently located. The most exclusive area and most historic Paris. Ideal for tourism and shopping. In the heart of Paris on the Ile de la Cité, Nice one bedroom apartment on the top floor of a beautiful Haussman building at the foot of Notre Dame. The apartment of 50 m2 on being quiet, no traffic noise, offers a beautiful view of the Cathedral of Notre Dame and is 5 minutes from Le Marais, Chatelet, boulevard Saint Germain and Saint Michel... It has a fitted kitchen bar with 4 stools, 4 ring hob, fridge, microwave, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster, juicer ... The living room with a sofa non convertible 2 people, a coffee table, a leather armchair, LCD TV 127 cm, a DVD player, a pregnant Boss Airplay. The dining room has a dining table for 4 people, DVD library. The room quiet on the course has a double bed, a 54 cm LCD TV and DVD player, a wardrobe and a small dressing room. Spacious bathroom with wa
34523	Cosy & Sunny ! Rue Saint-Paul : near Place des Vosges. This charming and sunny 46 m2 flat is located on Rue St-Paul at 6th and last level with elevator; into a  classic building with a security code.   This bright apartment has four double windows which open on the roofs of Paris.  The kitchen is opened on the lounge and dining room., including a microwave oven, a traditional oven, an induction cooker, a traditional coffee machine, a machine with espresso, a dish-washer, a washing machine, etc. The sofa is convertible and allows to sleep one or two persons. The bedroom possesses a double bed. The shower-room includes a shower, one toilets and a (website hidden) cable, WiFi internet. The apartment is situated between the Place of Vosges, the Village St-Paul and the island Saint Louis. He is near of Bastille, Beaubourg, Chatelet and Notre-Dame (5 - 10 mn ). It is near the subway St-Paul, and near all the traditional shops. Arrival and departure in the course of the day and reservation on	Cosy & Sunny ! Rue Saint-Paul : near Place des Vosges. This charming and sunny 46 m2 flat is located on Rue St-Paul at 6th and last level with elevator; into a  classic building with a security code.   This bright apartment has four double windows which open on the roofs of Paris.  The kitchen is opened on the lounge and dining room., including a microwave oven, a traditional oven, an induction cooker, a traditional coffee machine, a machine with espresso, a dish-washer, a washing machine, etc. The sofa is convertible and allows to sleep one or two persons. The bedroom possesses a double bed. The shower-room includes a shower, one toilets and a (website hidden) cable, WiFi internet. The apartment is situated between the Place of Vosges, the Village St-Paul and the island Saint Louis. He is near of Bastille, Beaubourg, Chatelet and Notre-Dame (5 - 10 mn ). It is near the subway St-Paul, and near all the traditional shops. Arrival and departure in the course of the day and reservation on
34524	The house is one of the most fascinating buildings of Paris; it has been built during the 16th century in a timber framing style. To get the opportunity to experience a night in the building will makes your trip unforgettable. So it is in a middle age atmosphere and under the wooden beam that you will have your Parisian nights. LOCATION CENTER OF PARIS 4th DISTRICT Hotel de Ville / St Paul The apartment is located in the heard of Paris, which is the best place to discover the city by foot. In the Marais, 2 min from Hôtel de Ville and rue Rivoli (shopping street), 2 min from the Seine river and its banks, 5 min from la place des Vosges and 10 min from the Cathedral of Notre Dame of Paris, most of the famous sights can be reach by foot ... Finally, the activity of the area makes the best place to enjoy the French cuisine on a restaurant's terrace, but the area will also provide you all the convenient stores needed.  The city of lights is just waiting for you !! Métro: Hôtel de Ville, Sai	The house is one of the most fascinating buildings of Paris; it has been built during the 16th century in a timber framing style. To get the opportunity to experience a night in the building will makes your trip unforgettable. So it is in a middle ag The house is one of the most fascinating buildings of Paris; it has been built during the 16th century in a timber framing style. To get the opportunity to experience a night in the building will makes your trip unforgettable. So it is in a middle age atmosphere and under the wooden beam that you will have your Parisian nights. LOCATION CENTER OF PARIS 4th DISTRICT Hotel de Ville / St Paul The apartment is located in the heard of Paris, which is the best place to discover the city by foot. In the Marais, 2 min from Hôtel de Ville and rue Rivoli (shopping street), 2 min from the Seine river and its banks, 5 min from la place des Vosges and 10 min from the Cathedral of Notre Dame of Paris, most of the famous sights can be reach by foot ... F
34525	My apartment is 42m2 one bedroom apartment. The room feature a double bed and a closet. The living room has a couch that can accommodate a third person. There is small but modern and fully equipped bathroom with a shower. The kitchen is fully equipped (laundry machine, washing machine). Also in the kitchen there is a full dinning table. There is no TV yet but there is internet/WiFi. Since temperatures don't tend to go too high over here for the hot days there is a fan. The apartment aligned with windows and full of lite. It is situated on a 1st floor of a garden building. The location is just absolutely perfect. You have in the proximity metro lines 1,5,7,8 and you are even less then minutes away from Bastille, the river Seine, le Marias, St Paul, ... It's the heart of Paris. In the daytime as well as nighttime. Though in the night the place is amazingly calm since it's situated in the garden.	One bedroom apartment.  It is located in an amazing spot - 2 minutes from Bastille, all the transports, 3 minutes from Seine and splendid view on Notre Dame, 2 minutes from Marais! Even I couldn't dare to dream living in a such place ! :) My apartment is 42m2 one bedroom apartment. The room feature a double bed and a closet. The living room has a couch that can accommodate a third person. There is small but modern and fully equipped bathroom with a shower. The kitchen is fully equipped (laundry machine, washing machine). Also in the kitchen there is a full dinning table. There is no TV yet but there is internet/WiFi. Since temperatures don't tend to go too high over here for the hot days there is a fan. The apartment aligned with windows and full of lite. It is situated on a 1st floor of a garden building. The location is just absolutely perfect. You have in the proximity metro lines 1,5,7,8 and you are even less then minutes away from Bastille, the river Seine, le Marias, St Paul, ...
34526	"Right in the center, the historical and charming district of Paris, l'ïle-Saint-Louis,  the appartment has a direct view on the Seine and is linked by a  little bridge to the Cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris and the Latin Quarter (St Germain des Prés) , on one side, and on the other  the shopping area of Rivoli street,and  the fashion quartier of the ""Marais"" . In fact it is very convenient both for visiting, shopping and enjoying the different parts of Paris. The flat itself , more than 90 square meters,is at the top of a beautiful and historical building (5th floor with an elevator) with all the modern confort needed ( washing machine , electric (email hidden)c), in a rare and exceptionnally charming and protected place.  You'll enjoy the natural light in the living room with a totally furnished and open kitchen.  There is one bedroom for two, two water closets , one in the  bathroom with both a shower and a bath, the other in a separate cabinet with a lavabo."	"In the right center of Paris, 5mn by feet from Notre Dame de Paris, the Marais, the latin Quarter…etc , in the historical part of the city, this vast apartment is on the 5 th and last floor, with a wonderful view on the bank of the Seine. Right in the center, the historical and charming district of Paris, l'ïle-Saint-Louis,  the appartment has a direct view on the Seine and is linked by a  little bridge to the Cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris and the Latin Quarter (St Germain des Prés) , on one side, and on the other  the shopping area of Rivoli street,and  the fashion quartier of the ""Marais"" . In fact it is very convenient both for visiting, shopping and enjoying the different parts of Paris. The flat itself , more than 90 square meters,is at the top of a beautiful and historical building (5th floor with an elevator) with all the modern confort needed ( washing machine , electric (email hidden)c), in a rare and exceptionnally charming and protected place.  You'll enjoy the natural ligh"
34527		Appartement traversant , calme et lumineux dans le quartier du marais. 5ème étage. Nombreux commerces. A 10 mn a pied de la cathédrale Notre Dame. A 2 mn du centre Pompidou  Louvre 3 stations de métro ou 15 mn a pied Metro Ligne 1 : 4 mn
34528	The studio is located on the first floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and handrail original timber. It has 35m2, king size double bed and a sofa bed, wardrobes, chairs and lamps are part of the decoration. The double-glazed windows, which overlook the street, the studio offers total silence. The studio also is equipped with WIFI high speed internet and cable TV channels, a full kitchen with microwave oven, traditional oven, modern induction plates, refrigerator freezer, coffee maker nexpresso, kettle, dishwashing machine, cooking utensils general and washing machine. The huge bathroom with shower, comfortable and strong and separate toilet as mandated by the French tradition. This comfortable studio is perfect for people with good taste who want to enjoy the typical Paris and be part of this rich culture.  	The studio is located on the first floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and handrail original timber. The studio is located on the first floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and handrail original timber. It has 35m2, king size double bed and a sofa bed, wardrobes, chairs and lamps are part of the decoration. The double-glazed windows, which overlook the street, the studio offers total silence. The studio also is equipped with WIFI high speed internet and cable TV channels, a full kitchen with microwave oven, traditional oven, modern induction plates, refrigerator freezer, coffee maker nexpresso, kettle, dishwashing machine, cooking utensils general and washing machine. The huge bathroom with shower, comfortable and strong and separate toilet as mandated by the French tradition. This comfortable studio is perfect for people with good taste who want to enjoy the typic
34529	You will be in the historic heart of Paris, LE MARAIS, near the RUE SAINTE CROIX DE LA BRETONNERIE. All by walking... Put your suitcases and go to stroll in the alleys of Le Marais... let invite you by the history of the area... Take a coffee Places des Vosges, visit the Cathedral Notre-Dame, the Georges Pompidou Center, the Carnavalet museum, the Picasso museum, pass by the street of Francs - Bourgeois, the square of the City hall (place de l´hôtel de ville), Saint- Germain, the Saint Louis Island, or the famous place of La Bastille and all this, by walking...! Enjoy... i may stop renting for short terms periods in a few times. 	Very cosy Duplex in the heart of LE MARAIS, fully equiped. Until 4 people (2beds). All included (linen, towels, wifi, 3D TV, Iphone  charger, Radio..).On the 4th floor without lift, welcome in Paris.. 600 years old Historical building in Wood & Stone You will be in the historic heart of Paris, LE MARAIS, near the RUE SAINTE CROIX DE LA BRETONNERIE. All by walking... Put your suitcases and go to stroll in the alleys of Le Marais... let invite you by the history of the area... Take a coffee Places des Vosges, visit the Cathedral Notre-Dame, the Georges Pompidou Center, the Carnavalet museum, the Picasso museum, pass by the street of Francs - Bourgeois, the square of the City hall (place de l´hôtel de ville), Saint- Germain, the Saint Louis Island, or the famous place of La Bastille and all this, by walking...! Enjoy... i may stop renting for short terms periods in a few times. The duplex is not that good for very young childen and disabled people. There is no lift in the building.  No no
34530	The apartment is located on l'ile st louis, the most bourgeois centered area of Paris. In a safe residential building, the pearl: a view extraordinaire of notre dame from your living room. The apartment is composed of a living room/dining room (website hidden), music, DVDs, internet at your disposition.  A veranda, beautifull, with a table facing notre dame, what a better way to start your day? Two bedrooms, two queen size beds, and many space to store your things.  Cute kitchen, fully equiped and designed with simplicity.  The bathroom is fully equiped, small but functional. An amazing space in the rare opportunities you can find to stay on l'ile saint louis. A very rare appartment.	An amazing vue of Notre Dame: The real parisian experience. The apartment is located on l'ile st louis, the most bourgeois centered area of Paris. In a safe residential building, the pearl: a view extraordinaire of notre dame from your living room. The apartment is composed of a living room/dining room (website hidden), music, DVDs, internet at your disposition.  A veranda, beautifull, with a table facing notre dame, what a better way to start your day? Two bedrooms, two queen size beds, and many space to store your things.  Cute kitchen, fully equiped and designed with simplicity.  The bathroom is fully equiped, small but functional. An amazing space in the rare opportunities you can find to stay on l'ile saint louis. A very rare appartment. This is your place, please feel like home! I love to share experiences and tips with my guests. Please feel free to ask anything, i am always happy to help! Well! WOW! Ile saint louis is center of universe to me. When in Paris there is no better l
34531	In the heart of the famous Marais district you will find this apartment in unrivaled charm. This is on the fifth and last floor (no elevator), where you can this sunny apartment with terrace. Carefully decorated, you will feel at home in this dwelling that awaits you and is consists of: - A large living / dining room with TV - An equipped semi-open kitchen - A large sun terrace - A room with a double bed - A bathroom with tub	In the heart of the famous Marais district you will find this apartment in unrivaled charm. This is the fifth and final floor (no elevator), where you can find this sunny apartment with terrace! In the heart of the famous Marais district you will find this apartment in unrivaled charm. This is on the fifth and last floor (no elevator), where you can this sunny apartment with terrace. Carefully decorated, you will feel at home in this dwelling that awaits you and is consists of: - A large living / dining room with TV - An equipped semi-open kitchen - A large sun terrace - A room with a double bed - A bathroom with tub - Parties forbidden - Non-smoking flat
34532	"Very rare.Trendy, authentic and central appartement, in an authentic building of the 18th siècle ,in the trendiest area of Paris!  38 m2 , Exposed beams , double glazing , Very clear, calm and sunny flat at the 3th floor, really nice vue! 1 rooms with double bed (140cm),  a nice living room with a sofa bed (2 places : 140cm) (with a cost of 35€ by day by person after ) located in the 4th district of Paris called ""le Marais"", in the trendiest and Authentic area called ""La Place du Marché Sainte Catherine » pedestrian area and at 200 m from La Place des Vosges / near Chatelet, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville and Notre Dame de Paris .  "	"Very rare. Central appartement in an building of the 18th siècle, in the trendiest area of Paris!  38 m2 / 400sqfeet. Exposed beams. Calm, double glazing flat. Our 3th floor flat is very sunny and clear and got a really nice view above the place. Very rare.Trendy, authentic and central appartement, in an authentic building of the 18th siècle ,in the trendiest area of Paris!  38 m2 , Exposed beams , double glazing , Very clear, calm and sunny flat at the 3th floor, really nice vue! 1 rooms with double bed (140cm),  a nice living room with a sofa bed (2 places : 140cm) (with a cost of 35€ by day by person after ) located in the 4th district of Paris called ""le Marais"", in the trendiest and Authentic area called ""La Place du Marché Sainte Catherine » pedestrian area and at 200 m from La Place des Vosges / near Chatelet, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville and Notre Dame de Paris .  Near many fashion shops- Art Galeries and Nice trendy restaurants and cafes..- Musée Picasso- all restaurants, places "
34533	This 42 sqm apartment has two rooms, it can sleep up to four guests. The entrance directly gives on the living/dining-room. Its warm tones makes this room very homey. It features a comfortable couch (sofabed for two people, 140x200), an armchair, a coffee table and a flat television with a cable TV box and a DVD player. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, and you will find a dining table for four people. From this main room you will then access the bedroom. It is comfortable, with a double bed 140x200 and a spacious dressing, perfect for your clothes and suitcases. The bedroom, just as the whole apartment, is very quiet as it gives on a courtyard. The bathroom gives on the living-room. It is in perfect condition and features a bathtub with a shower head, a washbasin with a large mirror and the toilets. This apartment has been renovated in 2013, the equipments are brand new. It is a comfortable place, decorated with much taste, bright, quiet and ideal for a couple. It will also	Very charming 42sqm 1-bedroom apartment suitable for four people in Paris - Saint Louis Island. Decorated and renovated in 2013, very homey, this place and its location will be the promise of a unforgettable stay ! This 42 sqm apartment has two rooms, it can sleep up to four guests. The entrance directly gives on the living/dining-room. Its warm tones makes this room very homey. It features a comfortable couch (sofabed for two people, 140x200), an armchair, a coffee table and a flat television with a cable TV box and a DVD player. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, and you will find a dining table for four people. From this main room you will then access the bedroom. It is comfortable, with a double bed 140x200 and a spacious dressing, perfect for your clothes and suitcases. The bedroom, just as the whole apartment, is very quiet as it gives on a courtyard. The bathroom gives on the living-room. It is in perfect condition and features a bathtub with a shower head, a washbasin
34534	STANDING The Paris rental apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a code. The windows are all double-glazed and the bedroom overlooks a small courtyard so the inside of the apartment is really quiet. LAYOUT This 50sqm apartment that is available to rent in Paris has been tastefully renovated.  The bedroom is located right on your left when you enter the apartment. It has a double bed (140x190) and a large closet will enable you to store luggage and clothes. The windows look onto a quiet courtyard. You will therefore sleep in a very peaceful environment. The room next door is the bathroom. It has an Italian walk-in shower, a washer dryer and the toilet. The stones on the wall give this bathroom much charm and elegance. The kitchen is right in front of the entrance door. It is of course totally equipped and has another direct access to the dining area. The main room of the Paris apartment is divided in two areas. The dining area featur	Should you wish to stay in a delightful one-bedroom apartment in the centre of the historical Marais, rent this Paris apartment for a while - you will love it. A peaceful apartment in a lively area. STANDING The Paris rental apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a code. The windows are all double-glazed and the bedroom overlooks a small courtyard so the inside of the apartment is really quiet. LAYOUT This 50sqm apartment that is available to rent in Paris has been tastefully renovated.  The bedroom is located right on your left when you enter the apartment. It has a double bed (140x190) and a large closet will enable you to store luggage and clothes. The windows look onto a quiet courtyard. You will therefore sleep in a very peaceful environment. The room next door is the bathroom. It has an Italian walk-in shower, a washer dryer and the toilet. The stones on the wall give this bathroom much charm and elegance. The kitchen is right
34535		Situated on the beautiful Quai de Bourbon. Gorgoeus and romantic, fantastic kitchen with all professinal appliances and magnificent flat wear and Crystal stem wear. Ground floor for easy access, and all amenities.  Please read reviews! As often or as little as you like. check in is from 2 pm onwards and check out at 11 am however we can be flexible with these hours whenever possible!!!
34536		"In front of the NOTRE DAME DE PARIS, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms capacity for 6 PEOPLE, on the 3RD FLOOR WITHOUT ELEVATOR, the view for the salon directly to ""Les Gargoles de Paris""        "
34537	This 110m² (approx. 1,180 sq. ft.) three-bedroom duplex apartment is located on the third French floor of an 18th century walk-up building. The entrance gate is protected by a coded security system that opens into a hall and a small garden that leads to an old-fashioned staircase. The apartment entrance opens directly into a staircase leading to the dining area. From there, the apartment is divided as follows: on the first level are the separate kitchen, a dining room leading to a living room with high ceilings, and the master bedroom with an open bathroom. A narrow staircase in the dining area leads upstairs to the two teenage's bedrooms and bathroom. The apartment is decorated with a contemporary, zen taste and has parquet floors everywhere except in the kitchen, which is tiled. The 50m² (approx. 535 sq. ft.) living room has five double glazed-windows; three of them are northeast exposed and overlook the street and the two others have southwestern exposure and a view of the courtyard	Located between Rue Saint Paul and Rue Beautreillis, this apartment is centrally located in Paris. The historic district of the Marais has a lot of living advantages with many lovely little streets, cafés, and trendy shops. It is one of the most desi This 110m² (approx. 1,180 sq. ft.) three-bedroom duplex apartment is located on the third French floor of an 18th century walk-up building. The entrance gate is protected by a coded security system that opens into a hall and a small garden that leads to an old-fashioned staircase. The apartment entrance opens directly into a staircase leading to the dining area. From there, the apartment is divided as follows: on the first level are the separate kitchen, a dining room leading to a living room with high ceilings, and the master bedroom with an open bathroom. A narrow staircase in the dining area leads upstairs to the two teenage's bedrooms and bathroom. The apartment is decorated with a contemporary, zen taste and has parquet floors everywh
34538	• Luxury bathroom with XL-shower • Equiped Kitchen corner - Dressing corner • Plasma satellite television - Cordless high speed internet access • Queen size 160X200cm bed • Comfortable seating area	"In the very heart of the Marais,  18th century edifice .Your residence is on the second floor of this historical building, an elegant environment subtly marrying the latest in contemporary equipment (state-of-the-art bathrooms, and the timeless Paris • Luxury bathroom with XL-shower • Equiped Kitchen corner - Dressing corner • Plasma satellite television - Cordless high speed internet access • Queen size 160X200cm bed • Comfortable seating area Bathroom Kitchen with Nespresso machine WIFI - InternationalTV I'm always pleased to give my secrets all around The special atmosphere of ""Le Marais"" is unique in Paris The mix of restaurants, shops, art galleries gives you everything you'll need. Metro Ligne 1 - Hotel de Ville station"
34539	In the heart of the Marais district, 5th floor with elevator. Three independant rooms, One double bedroom and the second one with 2 beds. Independant equiped kitchen, bathroom and closet. Very quiet and luminous, free wifi, possibility for babybed.	In the heart of the Marais district, 5 min far from Bastille and nearly along the Seine, just next the ile Saint Louis.  Lovely 75 square meters, three rooms, two bedrooms. Very luminous and quiet. In the heart of the Marais district, 5th floor with elevator. Three independant rooms, One double bedroom and the second one with 2 beds. Independant equiped kitchen, bathroom and closet. Very quiet and luminous, free wifi, possibility for babybed. 5 min far from Bastille and nearly along the Seine, just next the ile Saint Louis. Underground stations Sully Morland line 7 within 100 m and Bastille 5 min per foot , numerous buses.  The marais district where is located the apartment, is one of the oldest, historical cheerfull one. We are just next the ile Saint Louis where you will find the Basilic Notre Dame de Saint Louis. And you will overview the Seine, in it's oldest part. 5 min far from Bastille and nearly along the Seine, just next the ile Saint Louis. Underground stations Sully Morland 
34540	The living room is equipped with a double sofa bed that allows two further people to sleep there, a table to have dinner and a desk where one will be able to work. The decoration is  very homely, you will dream all day long during your Paris visits of the deserved and desired relaxation time you will have there. The kitchen is open on the living room and comes fully equipped. Very functional and of a high standard, it twill turn you into a « cordon bleu » and for the ones more used to cooking into one of the greatest French Chiefs. The bedroom has a very comfortable double bed and the ambience here is warm and cosy. A dressing room is accessible from the bedroom : it will allow you to store all your stuff and luggage very easily. The bathoom of this Paris apartment, accessible from the living room, has a bathtub and the toilet is not separate. Each room has an independent air conditioning control. This warm and homely apartment, perfectly located and of a very high standard will perfec	Everything in this Paris rental flat has been thought through and designed for your own satisfaction and pleasure. It is warm and comfortable, ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or friends discovering Paris. The living room is equipped with a double sofa bed that allows two further people to sleep there, a table to have dinner and a desk where one will be able to work. The decoration is  very homely, you will dream all day long during your Paris visits of the deserved and desired relaxation time you will have there. The kitchen is open on the living room and comes fully equipped. Very functional and of a high standard, it twill turn you into a « cordon bleu » and for the ones more used to cooking into one of the greatest French Chiefs. The bedroom has a very comfortable double bed and the ambience here is warm and cosy. A dressing room is accessible from the bedroom : it will allow you to store all your stuff and luggage very easily. The bathoom of this Paris apartment, a
34541	STANDING This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows offer a clear view and give on a courtyard.  LAYOUT This 50sqm apartment has three separate rooms: a separate bedroom, a dining-room with an open fitted kitchen and a living-room that can be used as a second bedroom if you need. It is organized as such : the entrance hall directly gives on the dining-room. It features a beautiful dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining-room. Its equipments are contemporary (induction stoves, dish-washer, large sliding cupboards…) but its decoration will please any History lover ! You will be amazed by the Italian sink made of pink marble and its faucet from the 17th century. The living-room is separated from the dining-room by a wooden door made of three panels coming straight from the Vaux-le-Vicomte Castle ! These amazing panels as well as all the panels in the dining-room, living-room and 	    Amazing 3-room 50 sqm apartment to rent in Paris - St Louis Island. This wonderful apartment is suitable for up to four guests. Decorated with much taste by History lovers, this place is just amazing with its wonderful pieces of furniture and  STANDING This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows offer a clear view and give on a courtyard.  LAYOUT This 50sqm apartment has three separate rooms: a separate bedroom, a dining-room with an open fitted kitchen and a living-room that can be used as a second bedroom if you need. It is organized as such : the entrance hall directly gives on the dining-room. It features a beautiful dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining-room. Its equipments are contemporary (induction stoves, dish-washer, large sliding cupboards…) but its decoration will please any History lover ! You will be amazed by the Italian sink made of pink marble and its fau
34542	Situé au cœur de Paris dans le quartier animé du Marais, c'est un pied à terre idéal pour vos sorties touristiques et nocturnes.  L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme proche toutes commodités (métro,bus,velib´, restaurant,bar,magasins etc) vous profitez ainsi des nombreux avantages du centre sans en subir ces inconvénients (bruits, circulation..) La chambre lumineuse est équipée d'un très grand lit, d'un dressing vide pour vos effets personnels ainsi que d'un bureau. Elle est située à l'étage du duplex et bénéficie du WIFI. L'étage est composé de la salle de bain (baignoire douche WC lavabo machine à laver sèche cheveux lisseur), de votre chambre, et de la chambre de ma colocataire et amie (jeune fille charmante et discrète qui part tôt le matin et rentre le soir vers 19h, elle ne vous dérangera pas) Le rez de chaussée de l'appartement est l'endroit ou l'on vit, entrée, séjour confortable de 25m carré, cuisine tout équipée (frigo, cuisinière avec four, lave vaisselle etc) et sall	Jolie chambre ensoleillée avec grand lit (160X200) dans charmant duplex de 77m2 situé dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier Le Marais. Idéal pour visite touristique & Proche toutes commodités (musée, galerie, théâtre,bar, restaurant.) Very central localisation  Métro : 4min St Paul 6min  Bastille Sully-Morland 40min aéroportCDG Situé au cœur de Paris dans le quartier animé du Marais, c'est un pied à terre idéal pour vos sorties touristiques et nocturnes.  L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme proche toutes commodités (métro,bus,velib´, restaurant,bar,magasins etc) vous profitez ainsi des nombreux avantages du centre sans en subir ces inconvénients (bruits, circulation..) La chambre lumineuse est équipée d'un très grand lit, d'un dressing vide pour vos effets personnels ainsi que d'un bureau. Elle est située à l'étage du duplex et bénéficie du WIFI. L'étage est composé de la salle de bain (baignoire douche WC lavabo machine à laver sèche cheveux lisseur), de votre chambre, et de l
34543	Apartment fully equipped for you to enjoy your trip: Kitchen - washing machine, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle And machine Expresso. Phone Wifi The living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, double sofa bed, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, built-in shelves, hard wood floor. A small open kitchen will provide you with everything that you may need for your stay.  A double bed on the mezzanine and a sofa bed is in the living room make it possible to welcome up to 4 people.  The apartment is equipped with bed linens and hair dryer Very close to metro stations: 2 blocks from Hotel de Ville (line 1 and 11), 2 blocks from Rambuteau station (line 11)	Apartment fully equipped for you to enjoy your trip: Kitchen - washing machine, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle And machine Expresso. Phone Wifi The living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, double sofa bed, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, built-in shelves, hard wood floor. A small open kitchen will provide you with everything that you may need for your stay.  A double bed on the mezzanine and a sofa bed is in the living room make it possible to welcome up to 4 people.  The apartment is equipped with bed linens and hair dryer Very close to metro stations: 2 blocks from Hotel de Ville (line 1 and 11), 2 blocks from Rambuteau station (line 11) Metro Line 1 ( station Hotel de Ville) and line 11 (station Rambuteau)
34544	Located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a mezzanine with a height of around 120cm between the beams.	Lovely 40 sqm apartment with a mezzanine, exposed beams, wooden floor and contemporary features. Uncluttered and harmonious decoration, suitable for four people, entirely renovated in August 2013.  Located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a mezzanine with a height of around 120cm between the beams. his apartment has been entirely renovated and furnished in august 2013. The entrance directly gives on the main room, so lovely with its high ceiling and the exposed beams. The living area features a comfortable sofabed (two sleeps 140x200 with a mattress chosen especially for daily use), a coffee table and a huge advanced TV screen on the wall (pictures will be updated shortly). The dining area has an adjustable dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, separated from it with a bar. The bathroom is accessible by crossing the kitchen. It has a beautiful and spacious Italian style walk-in sh
34545	Short introduction  Intimate and quietly luxurious, this little studio apartment promises modern romance. You’ll fall in love with the shimmering details, and appreciate the quality kitchen and bathroom. Wake up in the comfortable bed and have a Parisian breakfast at home before heading out to the happening 11th– you’ll be in good company.  Neighbourhood and location  The hip and alternative 11ème arrondissement, casually known as Bastille, is where you’ll find the urban-chic bars, eateries and bohemian vibe of the Oberkampf, Rue du Faubourg and St. Antoine. Cultural spots in the area include the Place de la Bastille, the new Bastille Opera house and the Edith Piaf museum, paying homage to the late singer. The nearby pretty Parc de Belleville is perfect for picnicking with a view to Montmartre, or head into Marais for some culture at the George Pompidou centre or the Picasso museum.	Welcome! Un studio situé dans le 4ème arrondissement surprend par sa décoration soignée…Son  agencement et équipement ont été pensés de façon à ce que vous passiez un séjour agréable. Vous allez particulièrement apprécier la qualité de la cuisine et de la salle de bain. Cet appartement bénéficie d'une situation privilégiée sur la fameuse Place de la Bastille, dans le quartier historique du Marais, et vous permet de visiter et de profiter des plus beaux monuments et musées de Paris. Avec ses ruelles étroites datant du Moyen Age et ses lieux insolites chargés d’histoire, le Marais est l’un des quartiers de Paris qui a su conserver au fil du temps son charme pittoresque. La Seine ainsi que la célèbre Place des Vosges se trouvent à 5 minutes de marche de l’appartement. Check in gratuit entre 15 h et 20 h. En dehors de ces horaires, extra de 30 € à payer en cash à l'arrivée.  Le week end , le check in est payant ( 40 € en cash )  Juste devant le métro Bastille et sur la place de la Place de
34546	L'appartement est situé à 2 min à pied du magnifique quartier St-Pail et à 5 min à pied du charmant quartier du Marais.  Vue magnifique depuis le salon et la terrasse sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame, Invalides...) et la Seine.  The house is very close to St-Paul (2min walking) and Le Marais (5 min walking).  You will have a perfect view on Paris' most beautiful monuments (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Invalides...) and the Seine.  Lignes de métro:   Sully-Morland (Ligne 7) Quai de la Rapée (Ligne 5) Bastille (Ligne 1, 5 et 8)	Vue incroyable avec une terrasse arborée de 110 m2. Appartement lumineux, grand salon, 3 chambres (3 lits doubles), 2 salles de bain , 2 wc.  Une décoration raffinée Une cuisine de professionnel. Accès direct par l'ascenceur dans l'appartement. L'appartement est situé à 2 min à pied du magnifique quartier St-Paul et à 5 min à pied du charmant quartier du Maraise et de l'île Saint-Louis.  Deux quartiers parfaits pour flâner et pourvus de nombreux restaurants.  Vue magnifique depuis le salon et la terrasse sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame, Invalides...) et la Seine.  The house is very close to St-Paul (2min walking), le Marais (5 min walking) and island Saint-Louis and Notre-Dame de Paris.  You will have a perfect view on Paris' most beautiful monuments (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Invalides...) and the Seine.  Two ideals neighborhoods to stroll and provided by a lot of restaurants. Lignes de métro:   Sully-Morland (Ligne 7) Quai de la Rapée (Ligne 5) Bastille
34547	Situé au 4e étage sans vis à vis, doté de 3 grandes fenêtres orienté Est-Sud Est, l'appartement offre une vue saisissante sur les toits en zinc du Paris historique et reçoit une belle lumière dès le début de la journée.  	"Au 4e étage d'un hôtel particulier, en plein cœur du marais et du Paris historique, cet appartement calme et lumineux ravira les voyageurs voulant découvrir Paris ""de l'intérieur"". L'agencement intérieur est simple et aéré. Situé au 4e étage sans vis à vis, doté de 3 grandes fenêtres orienté Est-Sud Est, l'appartement offre une vue saisissante sur les toits en zinc du Paris historique et reçoit une belle lumière dès le début de la journée. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement En plein cœur du marais, l'appartement est le point de départ idéal pour partir à la découverte du Paris historique.  Les quais de la Seine, l'île Saint Louis et ses charmantes ruelles, commerces et ses restaurants, sont à 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement. En poussant un peu plus loin, on arrive sur l'île de la cité et la cathédrale de Notre Dame, puis le quartier Saint Michel. Le musée du Louvre et le grand Palais, sont à moins de 10 minutes en métro de l'appartement (5 stations). Sur la même ligne et quelques st"
34548	 Small studio 18m2 (200sf) in a  17th century building well equiped shower, toilet, equipped kitchen with refrigerator, with freezer, micro wave, electric (website hidden), double bed, wardrobe.    	An exceptional location for this 18m2 (200sf) studio located in the Marais Beaubourg in the heart of Paris. You will be at two steps from the Centre Georges Pompidou (100m), Tours St Jacques (200m), Iles de la cité with the cathedral Notre Dame (700m  Small studio 18m2 (200sf) in a  17th century building well equiped shower, toilet, equipped kitchen with refrigerator, with freezer, micro wave, electric (website hidden), double bed, wardrobe.    
34549	 Le studio donne sur une rue piétonne, à deux minutes à pied du métro. Nombreux commerces et restaurants dans les environs immédiats.	Located in the heart of the historical 4th district of Paris, this charming studio features all modern conveniences within the setting of a 17th century heritage-listed building. Enjoy the vibrance of overlooking a pedestrian-only street in the Marais whilst being only a few minutes walk from the Centre Pompidou, Hotel de Ville, the Louvre, Notre Dame and the most essential metro line for any visitor to Paris, line 1. The 22m2 studio apartment is situated on the first floor*, accessible via a wide wooden staircase. Whether your visit be for pleasure or work, Goubi Studio allows you to get one step closer to living your experience in the French capital as a true Parisian.  Le studio donne sur une rue piétonne, à deux minutes à pied du métro. Nombreux commerces et restaurants dans les environs immédiats. Un ordinateur est à disposition des locataires.Sèche cheveux, planche à repasser sont également disponibles. Propriétaire non présent dans le studio. Métro ligne 1: Station Hôtel de Vill
34550	Beautifully restore 17th century building with 400 year old oak beamed ceilings. The apartment is very quiet overlooking a serene internal courtyard with cobble stones and original 17th century stone well. The foundations are part of the original walls of Paris.	Fully furnished 2 bedroom apartment (60 m², 660sqft) in the historical and fashionable shopping district of the Marais, right in the centre of Paris.  Close to the banks of the Seine and walking distance from many historical attractions. Beautifully restore 17th century building with 400 year old oak beamed ceilings. The apartment is very quiet overlooking a serene internal courtyard with cobble stones and original 17th century stone well. The foundations are part of the original walls of Paris. The apartment is on the 2nd floor Access to the apartment is via an internal courtyard and stone staircase on the left. The courtyard is accessed from the street via a front door (with security code) and a second secured metal gate (with intercom and key) Happy to organise sight-seeing or walking tours etc. with personal English speaking guide. The Marais is one of the oldest and most charming quarters of Paris, with many coffee shops,  trendy restaurants, art galleries, secluded public gardens
34551	A one room flat (15sqm), alone in a little house in a courtyard, where you can park, rue Saint Antoine, 20m from the Place des Vosges, between Place de la Bastille and Hotel de Ville, in the center of the the old area : the Marais. A lively day and night life, full of fashion and design stores, galleries, bars; gardens and museums, (Centre G Pompidou, the Louvres, Picasso.. etc).  Across the river from Notre Dame. A very central place, check the map. The flat is fully equiped: confortable  convertible for 2 people bathroom with shower, air dryer, kitchen linens, towels, wi-fi. 20euros to be paid in cash for the cleaning	A one room flat (15sqm), alone in a little house in a courtyard, where you can park, rue Saint Antoine, 20m from the Place des Vosges, between Place de la Bastille and Hotel de Ville, in the center of the the old area : the Marais. A lively day and night life, full of fashion and design stores, galleries, bars; gardens and museums, (Centre G Pompidou, the Louvres, Picasso.. etc).  Across the river from Notre Dame. A very central place, check the map. The flat is fully equiped: confortable  convertible for 2 people bathroom with shower, air dryer, kitchen linens, towels, wi-fi. 20euros to be paid in cash for the cleaning
34552	ANCIEN ATELIER D'ARTISTE IDEALEMENT SITUE SUR l'ILE SAINT LOUIS, QUAI D'ANJOU.  Son décor prestigieux et enchanteur vous plongera immédiatement dans l'univers raffiné d'un hôtel particulier  datant du XVIIème siècle. Cette location garantit l'excellence à votre séjour. - LUXE ET CHARME : vous serez séduits par son accès aisé au rez de chaussée, l'intimité sonore préservée et la luminosité relaxante de ses fenêtres ouvrant une large vue sur la Seine et le Pont Marie, le quartier du Marais et l'église Saint Paul. Vous aurez accès à la cour intérieure de l'immeuble. Chaud l'hiver, il reste frais tout l'été ! LE MOBILIER RUSTIQUE FRANCAIS à l'allure chaleureuse, la ligne épurée d'une cheminée authentique du 18ème siècle.  SES PROPORTIONS D'ORIGINE, spacieuses et élégantes, ont été respectées et intégralement conservés. La hauteur sous plafond exceptionnelle, ses poutres apparentes en chêne tri centenaire, ses murs et sols en pierre de Paris, de Jérusalem et de Toscane se déclinent dans des	ATELIER ARTISTE 42 M2 VUE SUR SEINE - ILE SAINT LOUIS PATRIMOINE UNESCO - REZ DE CHAUSSEE CALME SPACIEUX LUMINEUX - MOBILIER  RUSTIQUE EQUIPEMENT LUXE - HYGIENE CONFORT SERENITE - ACCUEIL FAMILIAL - LABELS SUPERHOST LUXURY - SELECTION TELE FR2 ! ANCIEN ATELIER D'ARTISTE IDEALEMENT SITUE SUR l'ILE SAINT LOUIS, QUAI D'ANJOU.  Son décor prestigieux et enchanteur vous plongera immédiatement dans l'univers raffiné d'un hôtel particulier  datant du XVIIème siècle. Cette location garantit l'excellence à votre séjour. - LUXE ET CHARME : vous serez séduits par son accès aisé au rez de chaussée, l'intimité sonore préservée et la luminosité relaxante de ses fenêtres ouvrant une large vue sur la Seine et le Pont Marie, le quartier du Marais et l'église Saint Paul. Vous aurez accès à la cour intérieure de l'immeuble. Chaud l'hiver, il reste frais tout l'été ! LE MOBILIER RUSTIQUE FRANCAIS à l'allure chaleureuse, la ligne épurée d'une cheminée authentique du 18ème siècle.  SES PROPORTIONS D'ORIGINE,
34553	This lovely duplex is composed downstairs by a large living room and a kitchen, and upstairs by 2 bedrooms and toilet. You'll find in each bedroom a high quality bedding with large queen size bed. A closet and hangers are provided. Each bedroom has its private bathroom, and yours will be provided with clean towels, soap and shampoo. The flat is fully equipped: Free Wifi access, iron, 3D TV with hundreds of cable channels, including numerous English language news stations such as CNN and BBC. The kitchen is also fully equipped: you will find a cooktop with an aeration hood above, an oven, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a wine holder, and even a Beertender that can serve you a perfect cold beer after a tiring day :) !  	"Hello, I am subrenting one of the 2 bedrooms of my duplex situated in ""Le Marais"" a historical district and one of the most beautiful, and trendy areas in paris.  If you have any question, feel free to contact me. Dan. This lovely duplex is composed downstairs by a large living room and a kitchen, and upstairs by 2 bedrooms and toilet. You'll find in each bedroom a high quality bedding with large queen size bed. A closet and hangers are provided. Each bedroom has its private bathroom, and yours will be provided with clean towels, soap and shampoo. The flat is fully equipped: Free Wifi access, iron, 3D TV with hundreds of cable channels, including numerous English language news stations such as CNN and BBC. The kitchen is also fully equipped: you will find a cooktop with an aeration hood above, an oven, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a wine holder, and even a Beertender that can serve you a perfect cold beer after a tiring day :) !  As a guest you'll hav"
34554	This lovely duplex apartment is situated on rue de la Huchette, in the famous Latin Quarter, next to Notre Dame in the 5th arrondissement. It is on the 2nd floor, without an elevator, on the court side. The living room is cosy with wooden beams (1m80 high under lowest wooden beam) and two large windows. Stairs lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine (1m50 high). You will love the perfect location of this duplex apartment for 4 guests, in the center of the Latin Quarter.  This duplex of 20 square meters (about 215 sq ft) includes a luminous living room with a convertible sofa (double size bed), coffee table, TV, and internet in wi-fi. The kitchen features an electric stove, microwave, fridge, toaster, and coffee maker. The thin white table next to the kitchen opens into a table for four guests. Four folding chairs are in the wardrobe. The lowest beams in the living room have a height of 1m80 (or about 5.9 ft) The stairs on the main floor (10 steps) lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine with	This lovely duplex apartment is situated on rue de la Huchette, in the famous Latin Quarter, next to Notre Dame in the 5th arrondissement. It is on the 2nd floor, without an elevator, on the court side. The living room is cosy with wooden beams (1m80 high under lowest wooden beam) and two large windows. Stairs lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine (1m50 high). You will love the perfect location of this duplex apartment for 4 guests, in the center of the Latin Quarter.  This duplex of 20 square meters (about 215 sq ft) includes a luminous living room with a convertible sofa (double size bed), coffee table, TV, and internet in wi-fi. The kitchen features an electric stove, microwave, fridge, toaster, and coffee maker. The thin white table next to the kitchen opens into a table for four guests. Four folding chairs are in the wardrobe. The lowest beams in the living room have a height of 1m80 (or about 5.9 ft) The stairs on the main floor (10 steps) lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine with
34555	It is a recently renovated small apartment in a typical ancient Parisian building. It is located right in the heart of Paris, in the very dynamic and fashionable district of Marais. There is a small terrace in the courtyard with a table, where you can have breakfast when the weather is nice. The apartment is well equipped and very functional, it comfortably accommodates three people or a couple with two kids and the kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom has a large bathtub and a towel heater.	In the heart of the historical Marais district, a quiet and recently renovated apartment. Bedroom with double bed, living room with convertible sofa bed, fully equipped American kitchen, bathroom and terrace. Typical Parisian building. It is a recently renovated small apartment in a typical ancient Parisian building. It is located right in the heart of Paris, in the very dynamic and fashionable district of Marais. There is a small terrace in the courtyard with a table, where you can have breakfast when the weather is nice. The apartment is well equipped and very functional, it comfortably accommodates three people or a couple with two kids and the kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom has a large bathtub and a towel heater. Getting around couldn’t be easier! 200m from Saint Paul Metro station, on line 1, in the heart of Paris. Most monuments and historical districts can be reached easily on foot, including Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso, St Michel, St Germain des Près, Place des Vosg
34556	Charming and luminous 50m2 - 1 bedroom apt. Located in the historical center of Paris, also know as Le Marais. Very close to Hotel de Ville, Chatelet, all momuments and the river. Lovely appartement located next to the Hotel de Ville. Spacious with 50m2 to be able to enjoy your stay  It's full of light on the 4th floor without elevator. It has : - one bedroom with a double bed with fresh sheets and large closets - one living room with a large couch convertible in 2 spare beds ideal for kids. - one kitchen with all accommodations (dish washer-washing machine-hoven…) - one bathroom with a large shower , fresh towels and hair dryer - Wifi. Television. DVD player. The area offers all kinds of stores, bars, cafés, galeries, shops. The flat is 1 min walk from the huge store BHV and close to the Forum des Halles (cinemas), and the contemporary art center Centre Georges Pompidou. You will access to all the flat and amenities to make the best of your trip ! I will communicate with you as you pr	Charming and luminous 50m2 - 1 bedroom apt. Located in the historical center of Paris, also know as Le Marais. Ideal for a couple, or a family with 2 kids.  Close to Hotel de Ville, Chatelet, and the river. Charming and luminous 50m2 - 1 bedroom apt. Located in the historical center of Paris, also know as Le Marais. Very close to Hotel de Ville, Chatelet, all momuments and the river. Lovely appartement located next to the Hotel de Ville. Spacious with 50m2 to be able to enjoy your stay  It's full of light on the 4th floor without elevator. It has : - one bedroom with a double bed with fresh sheets and large closets - one living room with a large couch convertible in 2 spare beds ideal for kids. - one kitchen with all accommodations (dish washer-washing machine-hoven…) - one bathroom with a large shower , fresh towels and hair dryer - Wifi. Television. DVD player. The area offers all kinds of stores, bars, cafés, galeries, shops. The flat is 1 min walk from the huge store BHV and close 
34557	Situe en plein coeur de Marias. Au pied de l'immeuble de nombreux bars, des commerces, les transports en communs. La place des Vosges, La place de la Bastille, l'Hotel de Ville, Saint Paul , l'Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame ... autant d'endroits ou l'on peux se rendre à pied en quelques minutes. L'appartement se situe dans un immeuble ancien avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'une entrée avec rangement et miroirs un grand séjour avec de grandes fenêtres donnant sur la cour pavée. Un vrai canapé lit en cuir pouvant accueillir deux personnes, une table à manger pour 4 personnes et une grande télévision avec les chaines par câble et canal plus Dans la cuisine vous trouverez tout l’équipement nécessaire pour cuisiner : four micro ondes combine, lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, grille pain , Machine à café, sans compter la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine. Une grande salle de bains avec une grande baignoire et un sèche serviette et une chambre donnant également sur la cour. La chambre se 	rue Sainte Croix de la Bretonnerie En plein cœur du Marais, Ce spacieux appartement de deux pièces vous séduira par sa fonctionnalité, son grand séjour,  ses grandes fenêtres qui laissent rentrer toute la lumière et son calme. Situe en plein coeur de Marias. Au pied de l'immeuble de nombreux bars, des commerces, les transports en communs. La place des Vosges, La place de la Bastille, l'Hotel de Ville, Saint Paul , l'Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame ... autant d'endroits ou l'on peux se rendre à pied en quelques minutes. L'appartement se situe dans un immeuble ancien avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'une entrée avec rangement et miroirs un grand séjour avec de grandes fenêtres donnant sur la cour pavée. Un vrai canapé lit en cuir pouvant accueillir deux personnes, une table à manger pour 4 personnes et une grande télévision avec les chaines par câble et canal plus Dans la cuisine vous trouverez tout l’équipement nécessaire pour cuisiner : four micro ondes combine, lave linge séchant, lave vais
34558	it is at the heart of animations in Paris, very living neighborhood. You might need ear balls to sleep. you may visit many important places just by walking.	This charming appartement has two rooms, surface is 25 square meter, it is at the heart of Paris, at Chatelet, close to theaters, jazz clubs, several metro lines, in historical building with old beams at ceiling. it is at the heart of animations in Paris, very living neighborhood. You might need ear balls to sleep. you may visit many important places just by walking. the whole appatment. little You walk to Notre Dame cathedral, river island of City, Saint jacques Tower, Pompidou center, Les halles, several ancient beautiful churches theaters... you cannot dream of a better location for public transportation bring ear balls to sleep because of street animation at night if you do not have your bed linen and towel, You may borrow those in the apartment,  there is a supplement for cleaning. 
34559	Apartment include a living room, kitchen, Tassimo coffee machine, refrigerator, microwave/stove and kitchenware. There are 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with shower and 1 toilet in front of the entrance door. There is a lift(elevator) in the building that is clean and well maintained.	Access to the whole flat. Apartment is perfectly located in a quiet and low traffic street of a residential area. Close to the Seine river. You will get tranquillity while staying in the heart of the city. There is a lift in the building that is clean and well maintained. Apartment include a living room, kitchen, Tassimo coffee machine, refrigerator, microwave/stove and kitchenware. There are 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with shower and 1 toilet in front of the entrance door. There is a lift(elevator) in the building that is clean and well maintained. You will access to many Monuments and Landmatks area of Paris from here, guests can enjoy easy access to all that the lively city has to offer. We will meet you at the apartment, handle the keys and show you around, after that you can always call us if you need any assistance or tips! If you guests have any questions about the apartement, Paris pr about me please do not hesitate to ask. Close proximity to various local supermarkets. This bright 
34560	Idéal pour 4 personnes, l'appartement possède 2 chambres, l'une sur cour, l'autre sur rue, ainsi qu'un salon, une cuisine indépendante et une salle de bains avec toilettes. Confortable et cosy,il est totalement meublé et parfaitement équipé. L'accès à l'immeuble se fait par un digicode et un interphone. L'appartement se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Salon 18 m2 Canapé, fauteuils, table basse, table d'appoint, télévision, Wifi Cuisine  Lave-vaisselle, plaques de cuisson au gaz, four, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso, réfrigérateur, lave-linge, sèche-linge, vaisselle. Chambre 1, sur cour Lit double (140*190), nombreux rangements. Chambre 2, sur rue Lit double (140*190), nombreux rangements. Salle de bain Petite baignoire, toilettes, lavabo, sèche-cheveux. 	Situé au cœur du Marais, à 50 m du métro Saint Paul, cet appartement de 3 pièces, dont 2 vraies chambres, bénéficie d'une situation centrale. Totalement refait à neuf, il offre un pied-à-terre de premier choix pour vos séjours parisiens. Idéal pour 4 personnes, l'appartement possède 2 chambres, l'une sur cour, l'autre sur rue, ainsi qu'un salon, une cuisine indépendante et une salle de bains avec toilettes. Confortable et cosy,il est totalement meublé et parfaitement équipé. L'accès à l'immeuble se fait par un digicode et un interphone. L'appartement se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Salon 18 m2 Canapé, fauteuils, table basse, table d'appoint, télévision, Wifi Cuisine  Lave-vaisselle, plaques de cuisson au gaz, four, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso, réfrigérateur, lave-linge, sèche-linge, vaisselle. Chambre 1, sur cour Lit double (140*190), nombreux rangements. Chambre 2, sur rue Lit double (140*190), nombreux rangements. Salle de bain Petite baignoire, toilettes, lavabo, sè
34561	Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, en plein cœur de Paris. Avec une chambre avec de nombreux rangements, une salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver, le salon a un canapé lit, une cuisine ouverte sur le salon entièrement équipée avec micro-onde, four, réfrigérateur, casseroles, etc... Chaine Hifi, internet wifi, télévision, l'appartement est parfaitement équipé. Une table à manger dans le salon permet de diner tranquillement.	En plein cœur de Paris, appartement typiquement parisien avec 1 chambre séparée, une salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver, une cuisine ouverte sur le salon avec un canapé lit. Possible de séjourner à 4 personnes. Parfait pour un court séjour Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, en plein cœur de Paris. Avec une chambre avec de nombreux rangements, une salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver, le salon a un canapé lit, une cuisine ouverte sur le salon entièrement équipée avec micro-onde, four, réfrigérateur, casseroles, etc... Chaine Hifi, internet wifi, télévision, l'appartement est parfaitement équipé. Une table à manger dans le salon permet de diner tranquillement. Tout est à disposition à l'appartement : Internet wifi, télévision, cuisine, draps, linge, Je vous accueille moi-même à l'appartement En plein cœur de Paris, derrière l'Hôtel de Ville, et devant le Marais, vous pourrez accéder à beaucoup de lieux touristiques à p
34562	Welcome to my luxury loft in the heart of Paris! 100 square meters of Quality & design. Totally renavated in late 2014. You'll enjoy the Big bedroom with a tempur double King size bed. The 2 flat screen TV are Linked to 130 TV Channels and VOD offernigs. Full equiped kitchen & bath Loft totally refreshed end of july. Perfect for a couple with/witout children or friends. original photos on demand. Guests will have acces to the center of Paris ! Very rare in this area !	Totally renovated Loft in the absolute center of Paris. Fully equiped with latest technology. Welcome to my luxury loft in the heart of Paris! 100 square meters of Quality & design. Totally renavated in late 2014. You'll enjoy the Big bedroom with a tempur double King size bed. The 2 flat screen TV are Linked to 130 TV Channels and VOD offernigs. Full equiped kitchen & bath Loft totally refreshed end of july. Perfect for a couple with/witout children or friends. original photos on demand. Guests will have acces to the center of Paris ! Very rare in this area !
34563	Logement typique parisien dans un ancien hôtel, double expositon, vue dégagée place Edmond Michel et Beaubourg, et place de La Reynie de l'autre.	"Studio d'angle lumineux de 36 m2 au 3eme etage, douillet et typique, pouvant accueillir 3 personnes, avec vue imprenable sur le centre Pompidou/Beaubourg, cèlébre musée d'art moderne. Logement typique parisien dans un ancien hôtel, double expositon, vue dégagée place Edmond Michel et Beaubourg, et place de La Reynie de l'autre. Dans le quartier du Marais, en face au  Centre Pompidou/Beaubourg, à 10 mn le musée Picasso,et à 15 mn du musée du Louvre. Egalement proche de la Seine. Le quartier est essentiellement pietons donc calme. Non loin du BHV Marais et de nombreuses boutiques de décoration, de vêtements, et de restaurants typiques notamment ""le bistrot beaubourg"" traditionnel français, référencé dans les guides touristiques. Tous transports à disposition, à coté du Forum des Halles et du Chatelet (centre de Paris) : bus, métro, RER, taxi, et velib."
34564	An exceptional location in the historic heart of Paris, overlooking the calm of a beautiful flowered courtyard	Coeur historique de Paris, dans un immeuble classé du 17è s., où vécurent des artistes dont le peintre Chagall, sur l'un des plus beaux quais de l'Ile Saint-Louis, appartement donnant sur une belle cour fleurie et pavée à louer pendant les vacances An exceptional location in the historic heart of Paris, overlooking the calm of a beautiful flowered courtyard Access to the whole flat. Quiet use of the apartment is required I let to my guests a list of nice museums, good restaurants, typical shops, and interesting things to see in the area.... Historical and Artistical area métro: Pont Marie, Sully Morland, Saint paul,and lot of  busses Be happy
34565	Located on the famous Rue Rue Sainte-Croix de la Bretonnerie, between the main streets of the Marais, Rue du Temple and Rue des Archives, the studio of 40 m2, located in a building with total security (two doors and intercom), is available for a staircase. This spacious apartment, illuminated (receives light all day !!) and quiet (across the courtyard) has a cozy and warm decor. It has: 1 room, with wooden floors and dark race apparent logs in the ceiling and wall structure (typical of buildings in the Marais dating from the 19th century), leather sofa (which in one click turns in bed king size double), wardrobes, shelves and desks, large coffee table, rug, dining table for 4 people, voluminous curtains, lamps and tables of contemporary painters; 1 kitchen with oven / microwave, electric plates, large fridge freezer, various tools; 1 bathroom with shower, and separate toilet, as required by French tradition. 	Located on the famous Rue Rue Sainte-Croix de la Bretonnerie, between the main streets of the Marais, Rue du Temple and Rue des Archives, the studio of 40 m2 Located on the famous Rue Rue Sainte-Croix de la Bretonnerie, between the main streets of the Marais, Rue du Temple and Rue des Archives, the studio of 40 m2, located in a building with total security (two doors and intercom), is available for a staircase. This spacious apartment, illuminated (receives light all day !!) and quiet (across the courtyard) has a cozy and warm decor. It has: 1 room, with wooden floors and dark race apparent logs in the ceiling and wall structure (typical of buildings in the Marais dating from the 19th century), leather sofa (which in one click turns in bed king size double), wardrobes, shelves and desks, large coffee table, rug, dining table for 4 people, voluminous curtains, lamps and tables of contemporary painters; 1 kitchen with oven / microwave, electric plates, large fridge freezer, various tools
34566	Studio with AIR CONDITIONNING, perfect location, le marais Just everything is at your door: - Museums: the Pompidou center, the Louvre less that 10 minutes away, the Picasso Museum, le Musee Carnavalet, l'Hotel de Sully... - Monuments: Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, la Sainte Chapelle, Bastille, Opera... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 30 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 10 minutes away by metro. - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, in the historic, lively and safe Marais district. The Islands Ile de la Cite and Ile Saint Louis are just near by. The Latin Quarter is on the other side of la Seine (few minutes away) etc. - Dozens of restaurants and bars, art galleries, boutiques, department stores... - Metro station and supermarkets, bakeries, groceries ...   Hence this apartment is ideal for a family of 4 or 5, and even for 2 couples willing to share the same apartment, and have some privacy.                     - metro Ho	darling studio with AIR CONDITIONNING, perfect location, le marais Studio with AIR CONDITIONNING, perfect location, le marais Just everything is at your door: - Museums: the Pompidou center, the Louvre less that 10 minutes away, the Picasso Museum, le Musee Carnavalet, l'Hotel de Sully... - Monuments: Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, la Sainte Chapelle, Bastille, Opera... The Eiffel Tower (which is not in the very center of Paris) is about 30 mn away by metro. The Champs Elysees avenue is less than 10 minutes away by metro. - Districts: you are in the heart of Paris, in the historic, lively and safe Marais district. The Islands Ile de la Cite and Ile Saint Louis are just near by. The Latin Quarter is on the other side of la Seine (few minutes away) etc. - Dozens of restaurants and bars, art galleries, boutiques, department stores... - Metro station and supermarkets, bakeries, groceries ...   Hence this apartment is ideal for a family of 4 or 5, and even for 2 couples willing to share the sa
34567	Charmant studio à pierres et poutres apparentes, chaleureux et typique ! Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Bien agencé avec 1 canapé-lit. Très central, au 1er étage dans une rue calme entre châtelet Les Halles et le centre Pompidou au cœur du Marais. À 5 minutes à pied des métros et RER.  Détails : 1 machine à laver sur roulette dans la salle de bain pour fermer la porte.  Charming studio in stone walls, warm and typical! Ideal for 1 or 2 people. Well appointed with 1 sofa bed. Very central, the 1st floor in a quiet street between Châtelet Les Halles and the Pompidou center in the heart of the Marais. 5 minutes walk from the metro and RER. Details: 1 washing machine on wheels in the bathroom for close the door. À 5 minutes à pied des métros et transports en commun. 30 minutes en transport des aéroports.  Détails : 1 machine à laver sur roue dans la salle de bain pour fermer la porte  1 Washing machine on wheels in the bathroom to close the door	Charmant studio idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Bien agencé avec 1 canapé-lit.  1er étage dans une rue calme au cœur du Marais. À 5 minutes à pied métros et RER.  Cute appartment for 1 or 2 people. 1 sofa-bed. First floor. Just 5 minutes near undergrounds. Charmant studio à pierres et poutres apparentes, chaleureux et typique ! Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Bien agencé avec 1 canapé-lit. Très central, au 1er étage dans une rue calme entre châtelet Les Halles et le centre Pompidou au cœur du Marais. À 5 minutes à pied des métros et RER.  Détails : 1 machine à laver sur roulette dans la salle de bain pour fermer la porte.  Charming studio in stone walls, warm and typical! Ideal for 1 or 2 people. Well appointed with 1 sofa bed. Very central, the 1st floor in a quiet street between Châtelet Les Halles and the Pompidou center in the heart of the Marais. 5 minutes walk from the metro and RER. Details: 1 washing machine on wheels in the bathroom for close the door. À 5 minutes à pied des métros 
34568	Welcome Home,  If you are looking for apartment to rent year in the heart of the city of Paris, you are in the right place!  Located in the center of Paris, close to the touristic sites (Especially from Beaubourg and the 'town hall'), this apartment is Ideally Situated in the Marais and offers you everything: tourist attractions, museums, shopping streets and wonderful typical Parisian stores and restaurants.  It very well aussi all connected by the metro, RER and bus lines (night and day) Which allow you to Have good time anywhere in Paris at Any Time of the night or day!  The studio has-been Recently renovated (in 2011) and is very quiet. It Consists of one bedroom with a large double bed, a spacious and modern living area as well as a kitchen and a bathroom.  All services are in proximity of the front apartment, Such as a bakery, a hair dresser and cafes or restaurants. The apartment is Located on the 6th floor (no lift) of a very quiet building	This centrally-located studio apartment is perfect for visiting Paris. Very quiet,close to train and metro, you will be in the heart of Paris, close to Le Marais in a place full or restaurant, bars and museums.  Recently renewed and totally equiped! Welcome Home,  If you are looking for apartment to rent year in the heart of the city of Paris, you are in the right place!  Located in the center of Paris, close to the touristic sites (Especially from Beaubourg and the 'town hall'), this apartment is Ideally Situated in the Marais and offers you everything: tourist attractions, museums, shopping streets and wonderful typical Parisian stores and restaurants.  It very well aussi all connected by the metro, RER and bus lines (night and day) Which allow you to Have good time anywhere in Paris at Any Time of the night or day!  The studio has-been Recently renovated (in 2011) and is very quiet. It Consists of one bedroom with a large double bed, a spacious and modern living area as well as a ki
34569	On the last floor of a tipycal parisian building. You will enjoy a bright spacy apartment.	Ideally located in the area of Le Marais. I offer you a birght and spacy full apartment at the top floor with elevator.    On the last floor of a tipycal parisian building. You will enjoy a bright spacy apartment. The guest have access to the whole Apartment I follow my guest from inquiery to check out Ultra safe and quiet area with easy access to Paris most beautifull places Metro Line 1, station St Paul is 3 minutes away
34570	In the Marais, 28m2 studio-appartment with all comfort in a historical building of the XIXth century on 5th floor with elevator. Very quiet and central between Place de la Bastille and Place des Vosges, you are only 10 minutes from the Ile Saint-Louis, the banks of the Seine, 15/20 minutes walk from the place of Chatelet, the Pompidou Center and Les Halles and Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain boulevard. The studio is well furnished. The bed is a convertible sofa in the lounge area with TV, internet (WI-FI), radio, CD and DVD player. The living area includes a walnut table and four chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, a washing machine, a dishwasher and all the necessary utensils for cooking. Large closet and wardrobe can store personal effects. The bathroom, bright with a large window, has a sink, toilet and a large shower area. The apartment has two large windows facing south-west with a balcony where you can take breakfast. It offers a beautiful view over the rooftops of	In the Marais, 28m2 studio-appartment with all comfort in a historical building of the XIXth century on 5th floor with elevator. Very quiet and central between Place de la Bastille and Place des Vosges, you are only 10 minutes from the Ile Saint-Louis, the banks of the Seine, 15/20 minutes walk from the place of Chatelet, the Pompidou Center and Les Halles and Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain boulevard. The studio is well furnished. The bed is a convertible sofa in the lounge area with TV, internet (WI-FI), radio, CD and DVD player. The living area includes a walnut table and four chairs. The kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, a washing machine, a dishwasher and all the necessary utensils for cooking. Large closet and wardrobe can store personal effects. The bathroom, bright with a large window, has a sink, toilet and a large shower area. The apartment has two large windows facing south-west with a balcony where you can take breakfast. It offers a beautiful view over the rooftops of
34571	A relaxing ashore during your business trip or a family of 4 people sightseeing (cot possible more).	In the heart of Paris, ideal for visiting Paris Ideally located in the historic center of Paris, in the heart of lively shopping halls (1st district), this modern two-room apartment, 42 m2, will surprise you with its calm, its brightness and its comp A relaxing ashore during your business trip or a family of 4 people sightseeing (cot possible more). The apartment is located in a pedestrian street in the district of Chatelet-Les Halles. It is less than a kilometer from the center of the great monuments of Paris: Notre-Dame, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, Beaubourg, Montorgueil, etc.. The apartment is 30 meters away from station Chatelet - Les Halles. It is very well served by public transport: 5 Metro lines and 3 RER lines (subway trains to reach the airports, Versailles, Disneyland). 3rd floor, with elevator
34572	Cette chambre lumineuse, fraiche et accueillante, fait partie de mon appartement-atelier d'artiste de 50m², habité par des oeuvres d'art. La chambre est séparée du séjour par un large mur de division qui permet une certaine intimité mais sans portes. Elle comporte une cheminée, et deux fenêtres qui donnent sur les toits de Paris, d'où l'on peut voir des magnifiques couchers de soleil !	Le charme de la chambre d'un atelier d'artiste, associé au confort d'un appartement au coeur de Paris, dans un très bel immeuble avec ascenseur, situé dans une rue piétonne bordée d'arbres, à deux minutes à pieds du Centre Pompidou. Cette chambre lumineuse, fraiche et accueillante, fait partie de mon appartement-atelier d'artiste de 50m², habité par des oeuvres d'art. La chambre est séparée du séjour par un large mur de division qui permet une certaine intimité mais sans portes. Elle comporte une cheminée, et deux fenêtres qui donnent sur les toits de Paris, d'où l'on peut voir des magnifiques couchers de soleil ! Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement-atelier. Je suis ouvert à l'échange, et à la possibilité de faire découvrir des coins de Paris, peu accessibles aux touristes, qui vous plongeront dans le vif de l'euphorie parisienne. Un quartier vivant, où est agréable se promener et flâner, animé à la fois de lieux de loisirs : restaurants, bars, pubs, boîtes de nuits.
34573		
34574	A nice 1 bedroom very practical, very well decorated. Very well located in The Place Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais district, carefully renovated in January 2012.This 25m² studio apartment is located on the 3th floor without lift. The main entrance gate is protected by a security system. For 2 guests, this apartment is very silent and illuminated, over the courtyard. A south facing window in main room, a east facing window in the kitchen, with separate bathroom in excellent condition, carefully and thoroughly (email hidden)e sleeping part has a queen size bed for a couple 140 x 200 cm. It also offers a flat screen TV, DSL high speed access to internet and TV The tiled kitchen part is equipped with induction hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee makers, micro-waves, all the essential kitchenware and tableware.The beautiful bathroom, finely tiled with large nozzle, wash-basin and toilet.Linen and towels are provided for.	Near the famous Place de Vosges and in the The Marais, near the bubbling Bastille area, not far from the Seine river and the Ile St Louis, also very close to St Paul metro station, on one of the main metro lines. 3 Floor without elevator. A nice 1 bedroom very practical, very well decorated. Very well located in The Place Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais district, carefully renovated in January 2012.This 25m² studio apartment is located on the 3th floor without lift. The main entrance gate is protected by a security system. For 2 guests, this apartment is very silent and illuminated, over the courtyard. A south facing window in main room, a east facing window in the kitchen, with separate bathroom in excellent condition, carefully and thoroughly (email hidden)e sleeping part has a queen size bed for a couple 140 x 200 cm. It also offers a flat screen TV, DSL high speed access to internet and TV The tiled kitchen part is equipped with induction hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster,
34575	Logement confortable en plein coeur du marais	Entirely renovated and fully-equiped apartment (flat-screen TV, WI-fi, expresso machine...) in the heart of the Marais, located on Ecouffes street. Just a few steps away from Saint Paul station on the line 1 (touristic line). 
34576	The neighborhood is incredible, quite clean. Everything is open on sundays, this being the jewish area. While all your friends may have complained about not being able to shop on sundays, you'll be able to show off a little. Tons of great food, cheap drinks and very friendly environment.	A very circular apartment, decorated with utmost peculiarity. Full of life, it's a perfect summer getaway destination. While the sun beats on the neighborhood, the place stays cool! Located in a historical district. The neighborhood is incredible, quite clean. Everything is open on sundays, this being the jewish area. While all your friends may have complained about not being able to shop on sundays, you'll be able to show off a little. Tons of great food, cheap drinks and very friendly environment. You will have access to the apartment in its entirety. I will remain in Paris, and would of course be delighted to help in anyway possible, unless it's 3am, it may prove difficult to be delighted at said time. Closest metro is Saint Paul, on line 1, it's a 5-8 minute walk from the apartment (depending on your pace. though i'm certain it's possible to walk it in 3 minutes)
34577	2 pièces au calme dans un immeuble qui donne sur la Tour Saint Jacques, au coeur de Paris. 	2 pièces lumineux sur cour calme, situé au coeur de Paris entre Châtelet et Hôtel de Ville,  pour 2 personnes 2 pièces au calme dans un immeuble qui donne sur la Tour Saint Jacques, au coeur de Paris.  Nice neighorhood, close from trendy areas and places to visit Metro lines : (phone number hidden) Rer Many buses
34578	The Location: Central & Charming… Our gem of a studio is located  in the very historical heart and center of Paris, LE MARAIS, in the 4th district, 2 minutes away by foot from Hôtel de Ville - City Hall (280 meters exactly) and also walking distance from world-renowned museums (Carnavalet, Beaubourg-Pompidou, Louvre, Picasso, Cognac-Jay), fashionable and trendy shops of every type, markets, theaters, cinemas & monuments, top restaurants & bars, hype art galleries, fashion houses and workshops, etc. It’s also less than 15 minutes away on foot from La Place des Vosges, Cathedral of Notre-Dame, Le Quartier Latin, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Île de la Cîté, Bastille, and Saint-Louis Island…  Five underground stations (10 minutes) away from Concorde and Madeleine, seven stations (15 minutes) away from Champs-Elysées and nine stations (20 minutes) away from Arc de Triomphe. As you will experience, Paris’ center is not that huge and every interesting place hopefully not far away from another, hen	"Every sight-seeing spot in Paris at walking distance or 10 minutes by Métro, Bus, bike. 2012 renovated, design-decorated studio w/ every needed functionality. Your piece of ""Chez Vous"" & comfortable nest in a wonderful & most central neighbourhood. The Location: Central & Charming… Our gem of a studio is located  in the very historical heart and center of Paris, LE MARAIS, in the 4th district, 2 minutes away by foot from Hôtel de Ville - City Hall (280 meters exactly) and also walking distance from world-renowned museums (Carnavalet, Beaubourg-Pompidou, Louvre, Picasso, Cognac-Jay), fashionable and trendy shops of every type, markets, theaters, cinemas & monuments, top restaurants & bars, hype art galleries, fashion houses and workshops, etc. It’s also less than 15 minutes away on foot from La Place des Vosges, Cathedral of Notre-Dame, Le Quartier Latin, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Île de la Cîté, Bastille, and Saint-Louis Island…  Five underground stations (10 minutes) away from Concorde "
34579	Joli 2 pièces de 43 m2 en plein coeur du marais, rue pavée dans le 4ème arrondissement de Paris. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. A 200 mètres de la place des Vosges et  à quelques pas de la  rue des rosiers.  Appartement calme pour deux personnes, grand lit. Grande cuisine  aménagée avec lave linge, grande salle de bain avec baignoire. Appartement ensoleillé. Vous pourrez apprécier les nombreux commerces et restaurants du quartier.   Appartement bien desservit avec métro juste en bas de la rue ( ligne 1 )donc vous êtes à 10 minutes des Champs Elysées, 7 min du Musée du Louvres en métro Les serviettes de bain et les draps sont fournis.  vous avez un lave linge- secheuse à disposition, un sèche cheveux, tv avec cable et canal +, wifi.  	charmant deux pièces en plein coeur d' un des quartier les plus prisés de la Capitale : Le marais. Appartement chaleureux et calme situé à  deux pas de la place des Vosges et à proximité du métro.grande salle de bain avec baignoire et grande cuisine Joli 2 pièces de 43 m2 en plein coeur du marais, rue pavée dans le 4ème arrondissement de Paris. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. A 200 mètres de la place des Vosges et  à quelques pas de la  rue des rosiers.  Appartement calme pour deux personnes, grand lit. Grande cuisine  aménagée avec lave linge, grande salle de bain avec baignoire. Appartement ensoleillé. Vous pourrez apprécier les nombreux commerces et restaurants du quartier.   Appartement bien desservit avec métro juste en bas de la rue ( ligne 1 )donc vous êtes à 10 minutes des Champs Elysées, 7 min du Musée du Louvres en métro Les serviettes de bain et les draps sont fournis.  vous avez un lave linge- secheuse à disposition, un sèche cheveux, tv avec cable et canal +, wifi.  les comm
34580	A very handsomely appointed one bedroom flat that can easily accommodate 4 adults. This property has been prepared with great care by the property owners, With a generous 40 m2 in size (about 430 ft2), this apartment has a separate kitchen just after the entry door, a large salon with 2 windows and the old exposed wooden beams that separate the dining area, plus a bedroom with another window. All windows face out onto a lovely courtyard, which is very quiet and have double paned windows to ensure a restful stay for you. The apartment is in excellent condition and will be enjoyed by even our demanding travelers. This Paris rental in on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) walk up. There is a queen size bed (new November 2013) in the bedroom, plus lots of closets for you. The dining room separates the bedroom and living room and has an expandable table which can accommodate up to 4 people. The sofa bed in the living room actually conceals 2 twin size beds, which can be arranged completely sep	 Location and Style in the Same Place!  Ensure yourself a very comfortable stay in Paris, in refined surroundings, with everything you need at hand, and most of all, of Paris within strolling distance outside your door!     A very handsomely appointed one bedroom flat that can easily accommodate 4 adults. This property has been prepared with great care by the property owners, With a generous 40 m2 in size (about 430 ft2), this apartment has a separate kitchen just after the entry door, a large salon with 2 windows and the old exposed wooden beams that separate the dining area, plus a bedroom with another window. All windows face out onto a lovely courtyard, which is very quiet and have double paned windows to ensure a restful stay for you. The apartment is in excellent condition and will be enjoyed by even our demanding travelers. This Paris rental in on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) walk up. There is a queen size bed (new November 2013) in the bedroom, plus lots of closets for you. 
34581		2 pièces lumineux et avec beaucoup de charme à deux pas de Notre-Dame de Paris, pouvant accueillir 4 personnes : - 1 chambre avec lit double + 1 canapé-lit dans le salon. - salle de bain avec baignoire - cuisine équipée Au pied du métro   
34582	Ce charmant appartement, entièrement rénové, est situé en plein coeur de Paris à 2min à pied de la Place des Vosges ! Vous serez séduit de vivre dans le quartier historique du Marais ! Sa situation idéale vous permettra un accès facile aux  plus grands sites touristiques de Paris ! Une chambre avec un lit-double, l'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 pers grâce au canapé-lit du salon. Une large cuisine ouverte sur le salon ainsi qu'une douche à l'italienne complètent le charme de l'appartement. L'appartement et tous ses équipements sont à votre entière disposition, comme un lave-linge, machine à café, home cinema... Notre voisinage est très calme, par respect pour celui-ci, pas de fête autorisée dans l'appartement. Nous vous accueillons personnellement à votre arrivée et ensuite nous vous laissons profiter seuls des lieux ! Quartier historique de Paris, Le Marais présente d'innombrables avantages ! A 2 minutes à pied de la Place des Vosges, vous aimerez flâner dans le quartier tant p	Ce charmant appartement, entièrement rénové, est situé en plein coeur de Paris à 2min à pied de la Place des Vosges ! Vous serez séduit de vivre dans le quartier historique du Marais ! Sa situation idéale vous permettra un accès facile aux  plus grands sites touristiques de Paris ! Une chambre avec un lit-double, l'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 pers grâce au canapé-lit du salon. Une large cuisine ouverte sur le salon ainsi qu'une douche à l'italienne complètent le charme de l'appartement. L'appartement et tous ses équipements sont à votre entière disposition, comme un lave-linge, machine à café, home cinema... Notre voisinage est très calme, par respect pour celui-ci, pas de fête autorisée dans l'appartement. Nous vous accueillons personnellement à votre arrivée et ensuite nous vous laissons profiter seuls des lieux ! Quartier historique de Paris, Le Marais présente d'innombrables avantages ! A 2 minutes à pied de la Place des Vosges, vous aimerez flâner dans le quartier tant p
34583	The building is typically of Marais and is very well-kept. THE APARTMENT On the 1rst floor without elevator overlooking the courtyard, the apartment is very calm. It consists of: - Semi open kitchen fully equipped: plates, microwave oven, refrigerator as well as all you need to cook and eat:  plates, saucepans, cups, glasses - Living room with sofa and dining table for 4  - Bathroom with bath, towel rail and toilet - Bedroom with double bed, with absolute calmness. 	This apartment for 3 persons is ideally located in the heart of Marais, close to Beaubourg and Hotel de Ville. Completely renovated, it has the charm of Marais with exposed beams. Charm and romanticism ensured ! The building is typically of Marais and is very well-kept. THE APARTMENT On the 1rst floor without elevator overlooking the courtyard, the apartment is very calm. It consists of: - Semi open kitchen fully equipped: plates, microwave oven, refrigerator as well as all you need to cook and eat:  plates, saucepans, cups, glasses - Living room with sofa and dining table for 4  - Bathroom with bath, towel rail and toilet - Bedroom with double bed, with absolute calmness. CULTURE Within 10-15 minutes on foot, you will find the Museum Arts et Métiers, the Museum Picasso, the Museum of Art and History of Judaism, the Museum of Hunting and Nature, the Museum of National Archives, the Museum of the History of France, the Museum of the Doll, the Museum Carnavalet etc. EXITS Within 15 minut
34584	Wonderful studio apartment of 15 m² overlooking the Hôtel de Ville and the towers of Notre-Dame de Paris. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom with nice shower and toilets separated in the flat. Located in the IV th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of Paris, close to Hôtel de Ville and gay friendly area.  Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Many shops, great restaurants and cinemas nearby. Located on the 6th floor with elevator. Full equipped apartment: wifi , washing machine, dryer, microwave, hob and (website hidden) with more than 100 free channels. We speak french (mother tongue), english and italian fluently.  Quiet and secure building with a doorman. Really very nice view ;-) Coffee, chocolate and tea are available. NON-SMOKING apartment. Welcome to you.	Wonderful studio overlooking the Hôtel de Ville and the towers of Notre-Dame. Located in the heart of Paris close to Hôtel de Ville. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom. Wifi, TV, washing machine, dryer. Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Wonderful studio apartment of 15 m² overlooking the Hôtel de Ville and the towers of Notre-Dame de Paris. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom with nice shower and toilets separated in the flat. Located in the IV th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of Paris, close to Hôtel de Ville and gay friendly area.  Subway station line 1 : 20 meters ! Many shops, great restaurants and cinemas nearby. Located on the 6th floor with elevator. Full equipped apartment: wifi , washing machine, dryer, microwave, hob and (website hidden) with more than 100 free channels. We speak french (mother tongue), english and italian fluently.  Quiet and secure building with a doorman. Really very nice view ;-) Coffee, chocolate and tea are available. NON-SMOKING apartment. Welc
34585	Our apartment is around 60 sq meters (600 sq feet) with a queen-size bedroom and also a double sofa bed in the living room. It is fully equiped: TV, WiFi, HiFi system. The bathroom also has a washing machine with dryer, and in the kitchen you will find everything to cook French food, even a dishwasher. The building is secured, access is made using PIN code and intercom. There is also a caretaker leaving in the building in case you need assistance. The apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator. 	No won offer for May 2015 at 120 Eur for 2 guests. Our apartment is around 60 sq meters (600 sq feet) with a queen-size bedroom and also a double sofa bed in the living room. It is fully equiped: TV, WiFi, HiFi system. The bathroom also has a washing machine with dryer, and in the kitchen you will find everything to cook French food, even a dishwasher. The building is secured, access is made using PIN code and intercom. There is also a caretaker leaving in the building in case you need assistance. The apartment is on the 3rd floor, with elevator. The full apartment is all yours! Towels, linen and internet are included. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. We will welcome you, help you settle done and facilitate your
34586	Amazing apartment situated in Rue St Paul , in the 4 area from Paris just in front of the river ,next to les Marais and bastille The apartment has 118 square meters. There's 2 double rooms each one with is own bathroom, and one big living room 70 sqm , with a american kitchen and one single toilet. There's elevator , and the appartment is in the first floor.  Crossing the street there's the beautiful River , where we can have some very nice walks, or if you go to the other side of the street , we get in Les Marais, where we can find all types of shops restaurants, etc There's also 2 parking spaces. There's all the commerces around, restaurants, shops, metro stations and bus and taxi stations. You will fall in love for the apartment, very simple and  design and very confortable. 	Amazing apartment situated in Rue St Paul , in the 4 area from Paris just in front of the river ,next to les Marais and bastille The apartment has 118 square meters. There's 2 double rooms each one with is own bathroom, and one big living room 70 sqm Amazing apartment situated in Rue St Paul , in the 4 area from Paris just in front of the river ,next to les Marais and bastille The apartment has 118 square meters. There's 2 double rooms each one with is own bathroom, and one big living room 70 sqm , with a american kitchen and one single toilet. There's elevator , and the appartment is in the first floor.  Crossing the street there's the beautiful River , where we can have some very nice walks, or if you go to the other side of the street , we get in Les Marais, where we can find all types of shops restaurants, etc There's also 2 parking spaces. There's all the commerces around, restaurants, shops, metro stations and bus and taxi stations. You will fall in love for the apartment, very s
34587	Appartement de 65 m2, 2 chambres pour trois personnes (1 chambre lit double, 1 chambre lit simple) idéalement situé dans le quartier historique du Marais (4e arrondissement), rue piétonne entre Beaubourg, Hôtel de ville, Notre Dame, Louvre... Salon, Salle de bains, WC séparés, cuisine équipée : congélateur, plaques vitro-céramiques, four, four micro-ondes, salle de bains baignoire, lave-linge et sèche-linge.  Accès libre à toutes les pièces et à toutes les installations. Linge de maison fourni. Ménage fait à l'arrivée et au départ. Produits d'épicerie de première nécessité fournis également  Le propriétaire ne sera pas présent dans les lieux. Il assurera seulement l'accueil et le départ des voyageurs.  Quartier historique du Marais. Beaubourg, l'Hotel de ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre ne sont qu'à quelques centaines de mètres à pied. Nombreux restaurants et commerçants alentours. Petit supermarché, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble.  Métro Châtelet et Hôtel de Ville à deux pas. Lignes (ph	Appartement de 65 m2, 2 chambres pour trois personnes (1 chambre lit double, 1 chambre lit simple) idéalement situé dans le quartier historique du Marais (4e arrondissement), rue piétonne entre Beaubourg, Hôtel de ville, Notre Dame, Louvre... Salon, Salle de bains, WC séparés, cuisine équipée : congélateur, plaques vitro-céramiques, four, four micro-ondes, salle de bains baignoire, lave-linge et sèche-linge.  Accès libre à toutes les pièces et à toutes les installations. Linge de maison fourni. Ménage fait à l'arrivée et au départ. Produits d'épicerie de première nécessité fournis également  Le propriétaire ne sera pas présent dans les lieux. Il assurera seulement l'accueil et le départ des voyageurs.  Quartier historique du Marais. Beaubourg, l'Hotel de ville, Notre Dame, le Louvre ne sont qu'à quelques centaines de mètres à pied. Nombreux restaurants et commerçants alentours. Petit supermarché, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble.  Métro Châtelet et Hôtel de Ville à deux pas. Lignes (ph
34588	This cosy one bedroom apartment is situated at the heart of the Historic Marais area, in the 4th Arrondissement. It is next to the Saint Paul Metro Station, Place de la Bastille and Ile Saint Louis. On the 3rd floor without an elevator, it is fully furnished with a lovely modern decoration and very comfortable. The one bedroom apartment has a surface of 40 square meters, or 430 square feet, with a large and luminous living room that features two windows, convertible sofa, an arm chair, a small dining table, a bookcase and a coffee table. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washer, fridge...There is internet in wi-fi and cable TV with international channels. Enjoy a pretty view on the parisian street. The bedroom features a queen size bed and a nice wardrobe. The window is overlooking a nice and quiet courtyard. The bathroom includes a shower and the toilet is separate (in the apartment).  The apartment is situated on one of the most historic areas 	This cosy one bedroom apartment is situated at the heart of the Historic Marais area, in the 4th Arrondissement. It is next to the Saint Paul Metro Station, Place de la Bastille and Ile Saint Louis. On the 3rd floor without an elevator, it is fully furnished with a lovely modern decoration and very comfortable. The one bedroom apartment has a surface of 40 square meters, or 430 square feet, with a large and luminous living room that features two windows, convertible sofa, an arm chair, a small dining table, a bookcase and a coffee table. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washer, fridge...There is internet in wi-fi and cable TV with international channels. Enjoy a pretty view on the parisian street. The bedroom features a queen size bed and a nice wardrobe. The window is overlooking a nice and quiet courtyard. The bathroom includes a shower and the toilet is separate (in the apartment).  The apartment is situated on one of the most historic areas 
34589	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais district, a couple of steps away from the Pompidou Center and a 12 min. walk from Notre Dame.   Location on the 6th floor (with elevator) gives great view of the Pompidou Center, exceptional natural lighting, and quietness.  The Pompidou Escape has very modern designer furniture and was recently fully renovated.  The owners provide luxury sheets, towels, shampoo, shower gel and soap.   The decor reflects the owners' passion for Tango.  Tango aficionados will appreciate the Pompidou Escape's proximity to 2 famous Parisian Tango studios. Our style: We (the owners of this apartment) are a cosmopolitan couple who have lived and studied in many countries (France, Italy, Russia, Lebanon and the United States). We have taken extreme care in selecting, furnishing and decorating this apartment  ensuring we would feel comfortable and enjoy it. Our style is modern and minimalistic and is colored by our passion for Tango dancing. We hope you will enjoy it	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais district, a couple of steps away from the Pompidou Center which can be viewed from windows. Very quiet. Lots of light (6th floor). Elevator. 1 bedroom (separate). Sleeps up to 4. Modern and elegant design. Ideally located in the heart of the Marais district, a couple of steps away from the Pompidou Center and a 12 min. walk from Notre Dame.   Location on the 6th floor (with elevator) gives great view of the Pompidou Center, exceptional natural lighting, and quietness.  The Pompidou Escape has very modern designer furniture and was recently fully renovated.  The owners provide luxury sheets, towels, shampoo, shower gel and soap.   The decor reflects the owners' passion for Tango.  Tango aficionados will appreciate the Pompidou Escape's proximity to 2 famous Parisian Tango studios. Our style: We (the owners of this apartment) are a cosmopolitan couple who have lived and studied in many countries (France, Italy, Russia, Lebanon and the United Sta
34590	"This pretty 25 m2 apartment is sunny and modern, located in an antic building in the historic zone of the Marais, in the heart of Paris, near the famous ""rue des Rosiers"".  Through the window, you can see the sky and the charming old roofs of Paris.  It is located at the 5th floor and there is no elevator.  Ideal for 2 people, there is a nice little kitchen with microwave oven, ceramic glass cook-top and fridge, a shower and WC, a real double bed.  We supply kitchen utensil, plates, bed sheets and towels.  Feel like home in Paris! No smoking  Pets could be accepted after discussion"	"This pretty 25 m2 apartment is sunny and modern, located in an antic building in the historic zone of the Marais, in the heart of Paris, near the famous ""rue des Rosiers"".  Through the window, you can see the sky and the charming old roofs of Paris. This pretty 25 m2 apartment is sunny and modern, located in an antic building in the historic zone of the Marais, in the heart of Paris, near the famous ""rue des Rosiers"".  Through the window, you can see the sky and the charming old roofs of Paris.  It is located at the 5th floor and there is no elevator.  Ideal for 2 people, there is a nice little kitchen with microwave oven, ceramic glass cook-top and fridge, a shower and WC, a real double bed.  We supply kitchen utensil, plates, bed sheets and towels.  Feel like home in Paris! No smoking  Pets could be accepted after discussion Metro Saint Paul, Hotel de Ville Many Bus"
34591	This studio is very simple and esthetical. Everything was thought : from the japanese table to the convertible sofa.  	"This charming studio, in the heart of Paris, is ready to host you ! Alone or in couple, you would enjoy your journey in this 13m2 studio, 5 minutes from the most famous french monuments : Notre Dame de Paris, Panthéon,... The room includes bed, shower, wc...and La Seine ;)  This studio is very simple and esthetical. Everything was thought : from the japanese table to the convertible sofa.  You can reach the studio from Metro Saint Paul (L1) or Metro Pont Marie (L7). You will enjoy the sight of La Seine by crossing the ""Pont Marie"" bridge and then turning directly on your left you would find the place to stay !  I am a french and international young man : I studied 6 months in South Korea and I enjoy to meet so many people from so many countries in the world.  It would be a pleasure to meet you, my guest, and to advise you about the most beautiful spots where to go and the best restaurants where to eat. L'Île Saint Louis is the most famous and the best place in Paris where to stay.  - I"
34592	The apartment is located in the nicest area of Paris: le Marais, close to Bastille. The neighborhood is very nice, walking back home at night is safe. The building was an old fabrics factory, it has large rooms and windows with the charming bricks and steel look. It is a large studio of 19m² plus a mezzanine of 7 m2. It is located at the ground floor, with the door opening directly on the courtyard. It gives the feeling of living in a house. The open kitchen is equipped for cooking, it has a fridge, microwave, washing/drying machine .. The mezzanine offers a cosy sleeping area, reachable from the stairs (not recommended for guest with mobility issues). You can stand up in the mezzanine if you are less than 6 feet tall.    The bathroom has a small bath tub and a WC. It is equipped with wifi. The beds can be configured as a 160cmx200cm bed or two 80cmx200cm beds.   This is a non-smoking apartment. CLEANLINESS : NO CLEANING FEE BUT the studio MUST BE CLEAN at the check out or I will have 	The apartment is located in the nicest area of Paris: le Marais, close to Bastille. The neighborhood is very nice, walking back home at night is safe. The building was an old fabrics factory, it has large rooms and windows with the charming bricks and steel look. It is a large studio of 19m² plus a mezzanine of 7 m2. It is located at the ground floor, with the door opening directly on the courtyard. It gives the feeling of living in a house. The open kitchen is equipped for cooking, it has a fridge, microwave, washing/drying machine .. The mezzanine offers a cosy sleeping area, reachable from the stairs (not recommended for guest with mobility issues). You can stand up in the mezzanine if you are less than 6 feet tall.    The bathroom has a small bath tub and a WC. It is equipped with wifi. The beds can be configured as a 160cmx200cm bed or two 80cmx200cm beds.   This is a non-smoking apartment. CLEANLINESS : NO CLEANING FEE BUT the studio MUST BE CLEAN at the check out or I will have 
34593		Le métro le plus proche est Saint Paul, ligne 1
34594	"Right in the heart of Paris near the biggest places of interest this apartment of two rooms renewed in the style of the Marais with its visible beams will know how to seduce you. Situated in the third floor of a former building on quiet court this apartment has a bathroom with a big shower , a room (double bed), a kitchen equipped with lava / tumble-dryer and all the accessories of cooking. Accessible via the subway line 1, station ""Hotel de Ville"" but also near the lines of RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) for a direct access since airports. "	"Right in the heart of Paris near the biggest places of interest this apartment of two rooms renewed in the style of the Marais with its visible beams will know how to seduce you. Situated in the third floor of a former building on quiet court this apartment has a bathroom with a big shower , a room (double bed), a kitchen equipped with lava / tumble-dryer and all the accessories of cooking. Accessible via the subway line 1, station ""Hotel de Ville"" but also near the lines of RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) for a direct access since airports. "
34595	In the heart of Paris :  35m² Authentic & cosy apartment with exposed beams for up to 4 guests located in the heart of Paris. The flat is on an upper floor WITH  ELEVATOR / LIFT access    .    Located in the 4th arrondissement in central paris The  apartment is a short walk from Chatelet station (direct to both airports and major train stations) .       Furnishings include a double bed with quality latex mattress.  For two others guests there is a convertible sofa-bed. Other furnishings : a table and 4 chairs, dresser drawers, an armoire and all other household ammenties for a comfortable and practical stay in Paris. Fully equipped kitchen includes microwave, refrigerator and cookers. Small washing machine. Bathroom with bathtub/shower, sink and bidet. Separate water closet..  The building is secure and protected by a main door with passcode, a second door with digital key      NESPRESSO coffee   maker and PHILIPS mood lamp are available. Wi-fi access offered,  Philips flat-screen TV. 	35m² comfortable flat with exposed beams. Suits 4 people. Located on upper floor with ELEVATOR in the heart of Paris  !  Easy access from stations/airports and then to Paris monuments and attractions.  In the heart of Paris :  35m² Authentic & cosy apartment with exposed beams for up to 4 guests located in the heart of Paris. The flat is on an upper floor WITH  ELEVATOR / LIFT access    .    Located in the 4th arrondissement in central paris The  apartment is a short walk from Chatelet station (direct to both airports and major train stations) .       Furnishings include a double bed with quality latex mattress.  For two others guests there is a convertible sofa-bed. Other furnishings : a table and 4 chairs, dresser drawers, an armoire and all other household ammenties for a comfortable and practical stay in Paris. Fully equipped kitchen includes microwave, refrigerator and cookers. Small washing machine. Bathroom with bathtub/shower, sink and bidet. Separate water closet..  The buildi
34596	STRICTLY SMOKE FREE! This means even smokers who smoke outside cannot stay in this apartment.	65 sq meters. 17th c. building. Exposed beams, stone. New AIR CONDITIONER. Quiet, private. All new appliances: Washer dryer, dishwasher. Dunlopillo comfortable mattress.  140 x 190 bed. Ideal location, enjoying best of Paris. Calm, quiet loft-space. STRICTLY SMOKE FREE! This means even smokers who smoke outside cannot stay in this apartment.
34597	This part of Paris is magic. We are surrounded by water. The apartment is in one of the oldest buildings in Paris and has been renovated recently to five star standards. It has a great deal of charm privacy and is very safe. Its also on the ground floor so easy access with bags and no stairs. 	Ground floor 1 bedroom apartment in 1700 building. Apartment is full of original features with old beams has been recently designer modernised. Consist of 1 bedroom with a living room with a sofa bed. Kitchen is fully equipped. I bathroom and separate WC. 2hr Maid service available at extra cost.  This part of Paris is magic. We are surrounded by water. The apartment is in one of the oldest buildings in Paris and has been renovated recently to five star standards. It has a great deal of charm privacy and is very safe. Its also on the ground floor so easy access with bags and no stairs.  wifi available and satellite tv. Central heating through the floor. Washing machine  if i am not working far away from home and i'm around , guests can get in touch with me if they need extra information. The Île Saint-Louis (French pronunciation: [il sɛ̃ lwi]) is one of two natural islands in the Seine river, in Paris, France (the other natural island is Île de la Cité; the Île aux Cygnes is artificial
34598	A washing machine is available, the kitchen is fully equiped with all you need for coocking ( fridge, hob, dish water, all dishes and ustensils ...) In the room you will find a TV. Wi-Fi.	" Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais ""Old Paris"" nearby Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame. A very charming 47 sqm apartment  on the 3 rd Floor with all the confort you need. A washing machine is available, the kitchen is fully equiped with all you need for coocking ( fridge, hob, dish water, all dishes and ustensils ...) In the room you will find a TV. Wi-Fi. It's ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs ...) will allow the main sites of interest very easily withe a large public transport network (metro, bus RER, taxi)"
34599	Perfect location, on a quiet street, in the highly sought after Marais/Bastille neighborhood.  Tucked away in an alley, hidden within the vibrant Marais neighborhood, this apartment does not disappoint. Great location for access to Bastille Metro and Marais sites.Very close to Bastille station and access to all of Paris. Quiet street with very comfortable beds. Walk to Picasso museum. Good Asian restaurant across the street as well as small Italian restaurant, Cucina Napoletana, with the best homemade cheesecake. This great flat, one step from la Place des Vosges, St Paul area and Bastille offers the best comfort ever for a couple looking for a spacious flat with a nice plan. This great flat, one step from la Place des Vosges, St Paul area and Bastille offers the best comfort ever for a couple looking for a spacious flat with a nice plan. The bedroom is spacious and quiet with a large wardrobe. In the bathroom stands a shower AND a bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped with a bar to e	Perfect location, on a quiet street, in the highly sought after Marais/Bastille neighborhood.  Tucked away in an alley, hidden within the vibrant Marais neighborhood, this apartment does not disappoint. Great location for access to Bastille Metro and Marais sites.Very close to Bastille station and access to all of Paris. Quiet street with very comfortable beds. Walk to Picasso museum. Good Asian restaurant across the street as well as small Italian restaurant, Cucina Napoletana, with the best homemade cheesecake. This great flat, one step from la Place des Vosges, St Paul area and Bastille offers the best comfort ever for a couple looking for a spacious flat with a nice plan. This great flat, one step from la Place des Vosges, St Paul area and Bastille offers the best comfort ever for a couple looking for a spacious flat with a nice plan. The bedroom is spacious and quiet with a large wardrobe. In the bathroom stands a shower AND a bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped with a bar to e
34600		Bonjour,je mets en location mon studio situé au centre de Paris pas loin de la Cathédrale équipé d'une télé,serviettes de bain ,draps fournis ,une petite cuisine bien équipée, une salle de bain ,2 lits pour 3 personnes et du Wifi internet merci à pl.
34601	Antique parisien apartment with a comfy and unique feel. Modern kitchen with new furnishings. Living room with work area, flat screen TV, chairs, and sofa bed. High ceilings and beautiful tile floors with an open floor plan make it a very spacious area. Comfy bedroom with real double bed. The modern bathroom consists of washer, dryer, toilet, and shower. 	Located on Ile Saint Louis in the 4th district of Paris. Île Saint-Louis is one of two natural islands on the Seine river in Paris. It's the most famous district and located in the heart of Paris.    Antique parisien apartment with a comfy and unique feel. Modern kitchen with new furnishings. Living room with work area, flat screen TV, chairs, and sofa bed. High ceilings and beautiful tile floors with an open floor plan make it a very spacious area. Comfy bedroom with real double bed. The modern bathroom consists of washer, dryer, toilet, and shower.  Fully equipped kitchen, washer and dryer, T.V., and wifi. Anything you may need to enjoy a lovely stay in Paris! Located on a quaint side street of the 4th district one minute walking distance from the Seine. Friendly and relatively calm neighborhood. You are right next to a variety of boutiques, galleries, french specialty shops, cafes, and authentic french restaurants. Less than a five minute walk away from a lovely park and Notre Dame.
34602	Apartment: The apartment is located on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian Haussmann building architecture. The input code in the first and second door intercom door. Small elevator, but very useful. The apartment was renovated in 2013, it is entirely floors and race entry, you will find a hall and a bathroom with toilet, large lounge with TV, decorative fireplace, designer furniture and cozy style. A large balcony with a beautiful view of the Seine which offers lots of light and sun in the morning this lovely apartment. Kitchen complete with oven, microwave, induction hob, fridge, freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher and general utensils. In the kitchen, you also have a washing machine and dining table for 4 people. The room with a king size bed (160x200), large wardrobe, a small window overlooking Notre Dame de Paris, bathroom with walk-in shower and heated towel rail. All windows are double glazed which offers total silence this comfortable apartment. Ideal for a couple who	The apartment is located on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian Haussmann building architecture. Apartment: The apartment is located on the 5th floor of a typical Parisian Haussmann building architecture. The input code in the first and second door intercom door. Small elevator, but very useful. The apartment was renovated in 2013, it is entirely floors and race entry, you will find a hall and a bathroom with toilet, large lounge with TV, decorative fireplace, designer furniture and cozy style. A large balcony with a beautiful view of the Seine which offers lots of light and sun in the morning this lovely apartment. Kitchen complete with oven, microwave, induction hob, fridge, freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, dishwasher and general utensils. In the kitchen, you also have a washing machine and dining table for 4 people. The room with a king size bed (160x200), large wardrobe, a small window overlooking Notre Dame de Paris, bathroom with walk-in shower and heated towel rail. All window
34603	In the centre of Paris, in the heart of the Marais, in a historic building from the 17th century, this renovated studio is in a convenient location just steps from the Place des Vosges, Notre Dame de Paris, Bastille, the Town Hall... the historic center of the capital. This little studio is also located in a chic and trendy quarter with many museums and art galleries.  With its character and its refined decoration, it offers comfort and the chance to immerse yourself in this historic city! The owners, a couple from Paris, live in the same building and will make themselves available for any reasonable request and to share all their tips! 3rd floor courtyard (no elevator). Many quality shops, bars, tobacconists, restaurants, bakery, laundry... at the foot of the building. Shops open 7 days a week.  Fully equipped kitchenette.  Bathroom with WC, washbasin and shower.  HD flat-screen television and Internet (RJ45 or WiFi) connection.  Rented with bed linen, towels, hair dryer. Metro Saint-	In the centre of Paris, in the heart of the Marais, in a historic building from the 17th century, this renovated studio is in a convenient location just steps from the Place des Vosges, Notre Dame de Paris, Bastille, the Town Hall... the historic center of the capital. This little studio is also located in a chic and trendy quarter with many museums and art galleries.  With its character and its refined decoration, it offers comfort and the chance to immerse yourself in this historic city! The owners, a couple from Paris, live in the same building and will make themselves available for any reasonable request and to share all their tips! 3rd floor courtyard (no elevator). Many quality shops, bars, tobacconists, restaurants, bakery, laundry... at the foot of the building. Shops open 7 days a week.  Fully equipped kitchenette.  Bathroom with WC, washbasin and shower.  HD flat-screen television and Internet (RJ45 or WiFi) connection.  Rented with bed linen, towels, hair dryer. Metro Saint-
34604	The apartment has all the charm and authenticity of Paris with antique furniture, beautiful parquet floors a fire place, and warm subtle colors throughout, while providing comfort, space and practicality. It's also very quiet.	Brand refurbished in 2015, it has all the comfort you can expect, with beautiful decor and extreme quietness. Spacious and bright living area with open kitchen, 2 beautiful bedrooms. The apartment has all the charm and authenticity of Paris with antique furniture, beautiful parquet floors a fire place, and warm subtle colors throughout, while providing comfort, space and practicality. It's also very quiet. 4th floor with elevator, free wifi and long distance phone calls. I answer my email everyday and is reachable anytime by phone during my guests' stay. The beautiful building in a beautiful street in the heart of the Marais district.  The atmosphere of the Marais is unique thanks to its nice restaurants and cafés, trendy shops, beautiful squares, nice architecture. It's very safe, even at night. Closest metro is Saint-Paul on line 1. 4th floor with elevator  
34605	This flat located in the heart of the marais has been recently renew, he is completely equipped and offer great volume with nice living room and separate dining room open to the kitchen. Two adults rooms, one sleeping coach in the living room and one room for a children with baby bed (until 3 years)	This nice flat all renew last year is 100 m2, with 3 rooms and 2 bathroom. Very bright with double exposition. Located in the heart of the Marais, 5 minutes to the Seine, and Beaubourg, all cafés, restaurants and shops around within 2 minutes This flat located in the heart of the marais has been recently renew, he is completely equipped and offer great volume with nice living room and separate dining room open to the kitchen. Two adults rooms, one sleeping coach in the living room and one room for a children with baby bed (until 3 years) Guest will have access to the whole place, two rooms + a child room, two bathrooms one with bath other with the parental room with shower. you also have access to a nice balcony. You will receive a guide of the apartment with all our favorites spots around our place : shops, restaurants, cafés ... You are in the center of the Marais, rue du temple, 5 minutes from the Seine, Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame, and close to all main attraction, and cafés, res
34606		Discover the true heart of Paris ! Located in one of the most charming and chic area of Paris, this cute little loft is ideal for a couple willing to enjoy
34607	Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the roofs of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Well you've come to the right place... Une tasse de thé dans un salon parisien du Marais ? Bienvenue chez vous ! YOUR ROOM  Your Parisian room will be a nice 20 square meter flat (about 225 square feet) in the heart of “Le Marais”, the historical district of Paris. It is a 5 minute walk from Notre Dame, the City Hall, the Seine River, and 10 minutes away from Place des Vosges…  Not only is it bright - the window opens on a lovely typical Parisian view over the roofs and the Pompidou/Beaubourg Museum but it is also extremely quiet for the very centre of Paris.  The apartment is on the top floor (sixth), with an elevator.  You will have access to a fully equiped kitchen : oven, 4 fires, microwave oven, a refrigerator/ freezer, dish washer, washing-machine, toaster, kettle…. Toilets, a bathroom with a basin and a bath (hairdryer, towels provided).  Internet wifi access. The flat is lo	Enjoy a lovely room in the heart of le Marais, a typical French breakfast is included. Belle chambre calme au coeur du Marais, petit déjeûner à la française inclus. Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the roofs of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Well you've come to the right place... Une tasse de thé dans un salon parisien du Marais ? Bienvenue chez vous ! YOUR ROOM  Your Parisian room will be a nice 20 square meter flat (about 225 square feet) in the heart of “Le Marais”, the historical district of Paris. It is a 5 minute walk from Notre Dame, the City Hall, the Seine River, and 10 minutes away from Place des Vosges…  Not only is it bright - the window opens on a lovely typical Parisian view over the roofs and the Pompidou/Beaubourg Museum but it is also extremely quiet for the very centre of Paris.  The apartment is on the top floor (sixth), with an elevator.  You will have access to a fully equiped kitchen : oven, 4 fires, microwave oven, a refrigerator/ fre
34608	The apartment is one big open room, it has for many years been the working studio of an international artist, so it has a great big work table, a small open kitchen three french doors towards the street, high ceilings and original french features of fireplace, mirror and leather chairs. The space is bright and open. There is a good size bathroom with a bath tub, and a seperate toilet. The apartment is on the third floor and there is a small lift.  	The apartment is in the most exciting and creative part of Paris, Les Marais. With restaurants, bars, shops and museums just outside the door, you couldn't ask for a more central place to be when visiting Paris The apartment is one big open room, it has for many years been the working studio of an international artist, so it has a great big work table, a small open kitchen three french doors towards the street, high ceilings and original french features of fireplace, mirror and leather chairs. The space is bright and open. There is a good size bathroom with a bath tub, and a seperate toilet. The apartment is on the third floor and there is a small lift.  The caretaker will be there for arrival and departure, apart from that you are on your own Les Marais is one of the most exciting places in Paris, the trendiest bars and restaurants, the most beautiful clothes shops and the most culturally diverse neighbourhood. You can eat a fantastic falafel just downstairs, or you can eat at the mos
34609	Welcome to my very charming apartment in the center of Paris. My flat is 70m2 or approximately 753.47f2. You have your own bedroom with a Queen size bed, (max 2 people) your own bathroom which has a tub, toilet and sink (towels are provided). Your bathroom also has the Washer & Dryer which you can use if needed. I stay on the daybed in the living and head to the gym every morning. We will share the common areas (kitchen, dining and living room). It's on the 4th floor and there's no lift but it's a lovely, lovely space. You can have all the coffee and tea you want (milk & sugar included :-). Again a towel and washcloth is provided and you can use the kitchen, appliances, dishes etc.  The entrance to my building is on rue de la Verrerie which is a small alley but you go through two courtyards before you get to my actual building which makes it super quiet :-) You are truly in the center of Paris and have easy access to numerous attractions, bus and metro stations.  There's no lift in the	Welcome to my very charming apartment in the center of Paris. This is a private bedroom & bathroom. If you want to rent the full apartment and have it to yourself, view my profile here:  https://www.airbnb.com/manage-listing/4626377/calendar Welcome to my very charming apartment in the center of Paris. My flat is 70m2 or approximately 753.47f2. You have your own bedroom with a Queen size bed, (max 2 people) your own bathroom which has a tub, toilet and sink (towels are provided). Your bathroom also has the Washer & Dryer which you can use if needed. I stay on the daybed in the living and head to the gym every morning. We will share the common areas (kitchen, dining and living room). It's on the 4th floor and there's no lift but it's a lovely, lovely space. You can have all the coffee and tea you want (milk & sugar included :-). Again a towel and washcloth is provided and you can use the kitchen, appliances, dishes etc.  The entrance to my building is on rue de la Verrerie which is a sm
34610	Ideal place to stay for two... You can enjoy cafés or nice restaurant in the neighborhood, or use the nice kitchen and chill out in the nice bathtube...	A comfy and fully equiped large studio on Ile saint louis... The warmth of the wooden wall and the charm of this authentic old style parquet,  the rounded window on the peaceful courtyard will make you feel living  in a cocoon... Ideal place to stay for two... You can enjoy cafés or nice restaurant in the neighborhood, or use the nice kitchen and chill out in the nice bathtube... Free wifi Sheets and towels separate wc separate kitchen separate bathroom Living next door, i can provide you advice to enjoy your stay (shopping, restaurant, visits, shows, exhibitions...) Like in the village in the center of Paris... 30 sec from the river 3 minutes from Notre-Dame and St Michel 5 minutes from Le Marais All metros main lines nearby (direct line for Musee d'orsay, eiffel tower, centre pompidou, chateau de versailles), bike rentals Lots of Bistros, cafés and nice restaurant Typical bakeries, butcher's shop, cheese dairys, wine cellar... Easy to reach by subway, buses or RER We can arrange an a
34611	2 rooms under the roofs, amazing view  upon Notre Dame and all over Paris (2 windows) sunny, very calm, 7th stage with elevator  Lovely decoration. First room (bedroom) : a real bed 2 places,  cupboards, CD lector, library, water-boiler, electric radiator, sheets and towels furnished. 2nd room (student corner) with a table to work or dream  in front of Notre Dame and all over Paris, like a bird... Important : NO shower, NO kitchen NO Water in the rooms but Lavabo & WC collectives very clean on the same stage. If you want to have a shower, it is possible to go to the beautiful Art-Déco swimming-pool besides the house, very clean ( 4 euros) Th rooms are on the top of an elegant building standing (with caretaker) located in full heart of historical Paris (Latin Quarter) near Sorbonne-Univerity, Panthéon, very close to Notre Dame and  the Seine River. Swimming-pool, Market, Bookshops, Shopping, Restaurants, Coffees, Cinemas etc  5mn by foot. Very easy of access : Subway (Odéon, St Michel, 	Incredible location just in front of Notre Dame Very charming deco cosy and romantic 2 rooms very calm and sunny 2 rooms under the roofs, amazing view  upon Notre Dame and all over Paris (2 windows) sunny, very calm, 7th stage with elevator  Lovely decoration. First room (bedroom) : a real bed 2 places,  cupboards, CD lector, library, water-boiler, electric radiator, sheets and towels furnished. 2nd room (student corner) with a table to work or dream  in front of Notre Dame and all over Paris, like a bird... Important : NO shower, NO kitchen NO Water in the rooms but Lavabo & WC collectives very clean on the same stage. If you want to have a shower, it is possible to go to the beautiful Art-Déco swimming-pool besides the house, very clean ( 4 euros) Th rooms are on the top of an elegant building standing (with caretaker) located in full heart of historical Paris (Latin Quarter) near Sorbonne-Univerity, Panthéon, very close to Notre Dame and  the Seine River. Swimming-pool, Market, Book
34612	Dupleix, 8 windows top direct view on the most crazy museum of modern art build in 1975 , top central , top quiet by night, because depestrian area ( you will forget car noises! )  - 1 rooms on second floor like a little house, 2 toilets, 1 bathroom,  all very light, beds and covers are top qualities - The apartment is second and thrird floor of the bulding, door top security  - You are in the Marais doors , all the restaurants are at you feet, museum Picasso and many more (books and maps all for you), in this district all shops are open also in sunday and you can go by foot everywhere so easly ... Louvres, La seine, Notre Dame cathedral ... - Subway Chateet Les Halles (5 mn ), Hotel de Ville (4mn), Ramuteau ( 3mn)  - Supermarket 60 m /  open until midnight Dupleix, 8 fenêtres, sans vis à vis , vous dominez la place la plus centrale de Paris. Les  meubles designés par  architectes français et internationaux, Vue exceptionnelle sur le centre Georges Pompidou Beaubourg.2 chambres dont un	All around the apartment : no cars, all pedestrian, the top famous museum of modern art, lots of shops, restaurant, nice terrasse-café, supermarket open until midnight. Top busy in the day and so calm by nigth. A swimming pool at 50 m, starbuck etc  Dupleix, 8 windows top direct view on the most crazy museum of modern art build in 1975 , top central , top quiet by night, because depestrian area ( you will forget car noises! )  - 1 rooms on second floor like a little house, 2 toilets, 1 bathroom,  all very light, beds and covers are top qualities - The apartment is second and thrird floor of the bulding, door top security  - You are in the Marais doors , all the restaurants are at you feet, museum Picasso and many more (books and maps all for you), in this district all shops are open also in sunday and you can go by foot everywhere so easly ... Louvres, La seine, Notre Dame cathedral ... - Subway Chateet Les Halles (5 mn ), Hotel de Ville (4mn), Ramuteau ( 3mn)  - Supermarket 60 m /  op
34613	STANDING This short term apartment rental in Paris is located on the 1st floor (French floor) of a building with a lift. It has a quiet courtyard and access is secured by a door code. LAYOUT This 30sqm apartment has recently been renewed. It has a spacious room divided into several areas. The entrance runs into the dining area which has a fitted kitchen. The counter table can accommodate up to four guests. The first sofa-bed which accommodates one person (80x190) has been installed in the dining-room area. A room divider (on a track) will give intimacy to those who will sleep in the double sofa-bed (queen size 160x200) of the living-room/bedroom area. There is also a desk in the living-room area. A wardrobe enables you to store your clothes and luggage. The bathroom with a bathtub and toilet is accessible from the kitchen / dining-room area. This apartment can accommodate up to three guests and combines the charm of traditional (with wooden floor, nice wooden beam) with the comfort of 	Get the best of both worlds by renting this Paris apartment, which has the charm of tradtional with the comfort of contemporary living. Centrally located on the enchanting Ile Saint Louis, it is suitable for three people. STANDING This short term apartment rental in Paris is located on the 1st floor (French floor) of a building with a lift. It has a quiet courtyard and access is secured by a door code. LAYOUT This 30sqm apartment has recently been renewed. It has a spacious room divided into several areas. The entrance runs into the dining area which has a fitted kitchen. The counter table can accommodate up to four guests. The first sofa-bed which accommodates one person (80x190) has been installed in the dining-room area. A room divider (on a track) will give intimacy to those who will sleep in the double sofa-bed (queen size 160x200) of the living-room/bedroom area. There is also a desk in the living-room area. A wardrobe enables you to store your clothes and luggage. The bathroom w
34614		Idéalement au cœur du quartier du Marais, à deux pas de l'Hôtel de Ville, de Bastille, de Notre Dame, et de Beaubourg, cet appartement cosy vous attend. Très lumineux sur cour, il est situé au 4e étage. Parfait pour découvrir Paris.
34615	Apartment located  on the ground floor (entry door in a quite and safe yard), the flat includes 1 living room and 1 bedroom (basement) accessible with an easy stair. Modern kitchen fully equipped. Bathroom with 1 shower. During the day, you have view on the amazing large yard. Very quite, ideal to relax after a busy day or night! The apartment is rent for you with free wifi, TV. Linen and towels are provided for free.  I always answer to your request / mail within 24h max. I do my best enabling you to live a unique experience in Paris! The apartment is centrally located in The Marais (corner Vieille du Temple / Saintre Croix de la Bretonnerie). It is an amazing district with full of trendy shops (Karl Lagerfeld, Macaron from Pierre Hermé, Kooples …) and typical French restaurant (Robert et Louise, Les Philosophes ..), Café …By foot, you can visit Notre Dame, Place des Vosges, Centre Pompidou (5 mn walking), Le Louvre, Orsay (10 mn walking). Ideally located for anyone who wants to enjoy	Special offer for the first guest in this new flat listed on Airbnb! Fully renovated (2014) located in the heart of Le Marais in an old 18 century building. Apartment located  on the ground floor (entry door in a quite and safe yard), the flat includes 1 living room and 1 bedroom (basement) accessible with an easy stair. Modern kitchen fully equipped. Bathroom with 1 shower. During the day, you have view on the amazing large yard. Very quite, ideal to relax after a busy day or night! The apartment is rent for you with free wifi, TV. Linen and towels are provided for free.  I always answer to your request / mail within 24h max. I do my best enabling you to live a unique experience in Paris! The apartment is centrally located in The Marais (corner Vieille du Temple / Saintre Croix de la Bretonnerie). It is an amazing district with full of trendy shops (Karl Lagerfeld, Macaron from Pierre Hermé, Kooples …) and typical French restaurant (Robert et Louise, Les Philosophes ..), Café …By foot
34616	In the main salon, on the lower level, you will immediately take note of the exposed rough-hewn beams and three floor-to-ceiling windows with sheer green and blue curtains. The craftsman wood furniture compliments the rustic look of the original ceiling beams and supplies side chairs, a sleeper sofa, and a small desk. Also on the lower level is the dining area. Ladder-back chairs surround a round table with supplemental leaves to expand for additional diners. With a couple of Chinese-style artifacts and the wood of the table and chairs, the dining area continues the style of the main salon. Separated from the main salon by a sliding glass pane door, the kitchen is styled with rustic cabinets, tile floors, and a red and white motif. Fully equipped, the kitchen also includes a small folding table with chair. The bathroom on the main level has tiled walls, washbasin, and shower. Upstairs, the three bedrooms are distinct and private. The master has a queen-sized bed, build-in closet cabine	Located in a building built listed on the national historic register, this three-bedroom unit has two levels, unique architectural details, and vibrant colors. In the main salon, on the lower level, you will immediately take note of the exposed rough-hewn beams and three floor-to-ceiling windows with sheer green and blue curtains. The craftsman wood furniture compliments the rustic look of the original ceiling beams and supplies side chairs, a sleeper sofa, and a small desk. Also on the lower level is the dining area. Ladder-back chairs surround a round table with supplemental leaves to expand for additional diners. With a couple of Chinese-style artifacts and the wood of the table and chairs, the dining area continues the style of the main salon. Separated from the main salon by a sliding glass pane door, the kitchen is styled with rustic cabinets, tile floors, and a red and white motif. Fully equipped, the kitchen also includes a small folding table with chair. The bathroom on the ma
34617	Welcome in this charming studio very close to Marais area and Notre Dame. This 15 square meters is in 5th floor with balcony and has a elevator. Ideal to visit Paris due to the great location.    The studio consists of: A double sofa-bed A single bed A shower + WC A Internet connexion with Wifi Very good public transportation: Accès facile: Metro 5: Quai de la Rapée. La ligne 5 dessert la gare du Nord, de l'Est, Austerlitz. LE MARAIS Avec ses ruelles étroites et ses hôtels particuliers, le Marais est un des quartiers de Paris qui a su conserver au fil du temps un charme pittoresque. Ce lieu compte de célèbres monuments en particulier le Musée Carnavalet, consacré à l'histoire de Paris depuis la Préhistoire jusqu'à nos jours et le musée Picasso. Place des Vosges, inaugurée en 1612, se trouve la Maison de Victor Hugo où ce dernier a écrit ses plus grands drames, Marie Tudor et Ruy Blas entre autres.	Welcome in this charming studio very close to Marais area and Notre Dame. This 15 square meters is in 5th floor with balcony and has a elevator. Ideal to visit Paris due to the great location.    The studio consists of: A double sofa-bed A single bed A shower + WC A Internet connexion with Wifi Very good public transportation: Accès facile: Metro 5: Quai de la Rapée. La ligne 5 dessert la gare du Nord, de l'Est, Austerlitz. LE MARAIS Avec ses ruelles étroites et ses hôtels particuliers, le Marais est un des quartiers de Paris qui a su conserver au fil du temps un charme pittoresque. Ce lieu compte de célèbres monuments en particulier le Musée Carnavalet, consacré à l'histoire de Paris depuis la Préhistoire jusqu'à nos jours et le musée Picasso. Place des Vosges, inaugurée en 1612, se trouve la Maison de Victor Hugo où ce dernier a écrit ses plus grands drames, Marie Tudor et Ruy Blas entre autres.
34618	We are delighted to offer your the opportunity to live the real Parisian life ! The appartment is Ideally located, quiet, stylish.  On the famous rue de Rivoli right in front of the Place de l’Hôtel de Ville, our flat is in the historical center of Paris and within walking distances of many sites : -Less than 5 minutes : Notre-Dame de Paris, île Saint-Louis on one side ; Le Marais and Pompidou Centre on the other side… -10-15 minutes : Bastille and Place des Vosges, Le Louvre, Quartier Latin (5th district), Saint Germain des Près And the Metro Line 1 of the underground, which crosses Paris from Bois de Vincennes to Bois de Boulogne going through Bastille, Louvre and Champs Elysées is just a few meters away. Our neighbourhood is really unique! The famous and redesigned BHV is literallly around the corner, cross the street and you are on the Hotel de Ville square next to the River Seine, go towards Pompidou Centre and you find the largest pedestrian area in Paris, full of cafés, restaura	The bedroom is in a lovely, quiet and large apartment of 160 sqm in front of Place de l'Hôtel de Ville overlooking a typical Parisian Courtyard. Many restaurants, cafés and museums around. Tube line 1 few meters from the building! and all the buses. We are delighted to offer your the opportunity to live the real Parisian life ! The appartment is Ideally located, quiet, stylish.  On the famous rue de Rivoli right in front of the Place de l’Hôtel de Ville, our flat is in the historical center of Paris and within walking distances of many sites : -Less than 5 minutes : Notre-Dame de Paris, île Saint-Louis on one side ; Le Marais and Pompidou Centre on the other side… -10-15 minutes : Bastille and Place des Vosges, Le Louvre, Quartier Latin (5th district), Saint Germain des Près And the Metro Line 1 of the underground, which crosses Paris from Bois de Vincennes to Bois de Boulogne going through Bastille, Louvre and Champs Elysées is just a few meters away. Our neighbourhood is really uniqu
34619	In English  Apartment 50m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom, and a living room with a 2  sofa bed. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, free internet,  Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Appartement de deux pièces 50m2 au 2 étage sans ascenseur, une chambre avec un lit deux places de bonne qualité et un séjour avec un canapé(bonne qualité) 2 lits séparés d'une place, une cuisine équipée, WC et salle de douche. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche cheveux, internet illimité. Important : le parking est en extra, 30€ la nuité	Dans une résidence classée historique, un bel appartement au 2e étage de deux pièces qui peut accueillir 4 personnes, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, place des Vosges, Bastille  etc ... In English  Apartment 50m2, 2 rooms  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom, and a living room with a 2  sofa bed. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, free internet,  Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  Appartement de deux pièces 50m2 au 2 étage sans ascenseur, une chambre avec un lit deux places de bonne qualité et un séjour avec un canapé(bonne qualité
34620	Duplex with a garden. Not on the street but on a garden. You can eat or take a drink in the garden. 17e century building. No smoker inside. Famous district : le marais. Center of Paris. A few seconds to all shops, playground, subway, bus and restaurants... 	Historic and hip place in Paris. Very central in the middle of Paris. No need car. Quiet because on a garden (private space with tables and chairs), 
34621	Tres bel appartement lumineux, cosy, branché dans le meilleur quartier avec balcon superbe et vue sur le canal de l arsenal	Bonjour a tous, Nous sommes deux collocataires agréables et nous aimons partager des moment ensemble dans le respect de chacun.Notre appartement est un lieux très lumineux, avec un balcon qui permet de prendre le petit déjeuenr au soleil:) sur un transat tout en profitant de la vue du canal ensoleillée. A proximité des endroits les plus cools de Paris:bastille, le marais, république et les quais de seine avec la fantastioque Ile St louis et ses glaces Berthillon! une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine équipée, un salon cosy, deux chambres de bonne taille, un WC sont a votre disposition. Metro:Ligne 1, 5, 8 Dear all, We are two flatmates friendly and we like to enjoy time together chilling while respect each other independance.Our flat is very bright, with a balcony which enable you to have a sunny breakfast on a long chair:) while enjoying the sunny view on the canal and the opera.Very close to all the coolest place to hang out in Paris: Bastille, Le Marais, Republique, the Sein
34622	For visitors who wish to explore Paris on foot, this vacation rental is an excellent place from which to set out, for the Marais is a district replete with the luxury that only the perfect blend of culture and history can provide. This elegant rental places you in the heart of Paris. Exposed beams and antiques from the Napoleon III and Louis-Philippe periods characterize this 600 square-foot one bedroom. The historic charm is complimented by modern conveniences such as a remote controlled electronic heater and air conditioning. The living area is open and features a grand window with French doors. The exposed beam ceiling and tile floors add architectural interest to this airy floor plan. Eat meals at the dining table with widow view, or enjoy the comfortable couch and arm chair. The room also contains a desk, card table, and entertainment center. The couch converts to a sofa bed for up to two guests. The eat-in kitchen, with high bar stools for counter-height dining, is fully equipped	Exposed beams and antiques from the Napoleon III and Louis-Philippe periods characterize this 600 square-foot one bedroom. The historic charm is complimented by modern conveniences such as a remote controlled electronic heater and air conditioning. For visitors who wish to explore Paris on foot, this vacation rental is an excellent place from which to set out, for the Marais is a district replete with the luxury that only the perfect blend of culture and history can provide. This elegant rental places you in the heart of Paris. Exposed beams and antiques from the Napoleon III and Louis-Philippe periods characterize this 600 square-foot one bedroom. The historic charm is complimented by modern conveniences such as a remote controlled electronic heater and air conditioning. The living area is open and features a grand window with French doors. The exposed beam ceiling and tile floors add architectural interest to this airy floor plan. Eat meals at the dining table with widow view, or enj
34623	Standing This house dates from the French Revolution, it was also the residence of a famous writer of the late 19th century, Victorien Sardou. It has two floors and overlooks a lovely paved courtyard planted with tree. During spring the courtyard will be gorgeous, you will hear the birds in the morning, you will love this environment. The access to the courtyard is secured by a door code. The windows overlook the courtyard, the house is very quiet Layout This 80 sqm house is absolutely charming, it has three separate bedrooms and can accommodate five people. The entrance is on the ground floor. The stairs lead up to the 1st floor directly into the living room. The living area has a sofa, armchairs, a coffee table and a flat TV. The dining area has a table for five people. From the living room / dining room you will access the equipped kitchen. From the kitchen you will then enter the first bedroom. It is equipped with a double bed 140x200, a desk and storage space with wardrobe and she	Do not miss a chance to rent this cozy 3-bedroom house in the heart of Le Marais. You will love its welcoming atmosphere and its very interesting price ! Standing This house dates from the French Revolution, it was also the residence of a famous writer of the late 19th century, Victorien Sardou. It has two floors and overlooks a lovely paved courtyard planted with tree. During spring the courtyard will be gorgeous, you will hear the birds in the morning, you will love this environment. The access to the courtyard is secured by a door code. The windows overlook the courtyard, the house is very quiet Layout This 80 sqm house is absolutely charming, it has three separate bedrooms and can accommodate five people. The entrance is on the ground floor. The stairs lead up to the 1st floor directly into the living room. The living area has a sofa, armchairs, a coffee table and a flat TV. The dining area has a table for five people. From the living room / dining room you will access the equipped
34624	"Situé à 100 m de Notre-Dame au 6ème étage dans un immeuble élégant haussmannien avec ascenseur et est aménagé avec soin. Vous pourrez bénéficier d'une belle vue sur les toits de Paris. Conçu pour deux personnes, il est tout à fait possible d'en accueillir 3, grâce à un canapé modulable et transformable en un lit 1 ou 2 places. Il est donc parfait pour un couple avec 1 enfant ou trois amis. Un rideau permet de séparer espace nuit/espace salon à votre convenance. Le lit 2 places, avec un bon matelas, est en mezzanine fixe (et non un meuble) et accessible par des marches via le coin cuisine.... Le studio est ainsi optimisé.  Tout près du RER B (direct depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et Orly) et du RER C (qui mène entre autre au chateau de Versailles)  Stations de métro proches : ""Cité"" - ligne 4, ""Hôtel de Ville""- ligne 1 et 11, et  ""Maubert-Mutualité"" - la ligne 10.  De nombreux bus au départ de l'Hotel de ville à 250m et/ou de ""Chatelêt"" à 500m sillonent tout Paris.  L'Hotel de vill"	Ce studio chaleureux, tout équipé, sur l'Ile de la Cité,  dans un bâtiment élégant au coeur même du Paris historique, peut accueillir de 2 à 3 personnes (disposant d'un vrai lit et d'un canapé).  A 2 pas de Notre-Dame, du marais, du quartier latin... Situé à 100 m de Notre-Dame au 6ème étage dans un immeuble élégant haussmannien avec ascenseur et est aménagé avec soin. Vous pourrez bénéficier d'une belle vue sur les toits de Paris. Conçu pour deux personnes, il est tout à fait possible d'en accueillir 3, grâce à un canapé modulable et transformable en un lit 1 ou 2 places. Il est donc parfait pour un couple avec 1 enfant ou trois amis. Un rideau permet de séparer espace nuit/espace salon à votre convenance. Le lit 2 places, avec un bon matelas, est en mezzanine fixe (et non un meuble) et accessible par des marches via le coin cuisine.... Le studio est ainsi optimisé.  Tout près du RER B (direct depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et Orly) et du RER C (qui mène entre autre au chateau de
34625	"La vue sur l'Hotel de Ville et la localisation (Marais/Chatelet, metro ""Hotel de Ville"" au pied de l'immeuble) sont vraiment les 2 atouts majeurs de ce studio en plein coeur de Paris."	"A cosy studio of 34m2, with a stunning view on the Hotel de Ville. You will feel at home in this fully-equiped studio (TV set, High-speed internet conexion, equiped kitchen, a washing machine, 2 sofas including a convertible sofa/bed, shower and WC) La vue sur l'Hotel de Ville et la localisation (Marais/Chatelet, metro ""Hotel de Ville"" au pied de l'immeuble) sont vraiment les 2 atouts majeurs de ce studio en plein coeur de Paris. Toutes les parties du studio sont accessibles. Si vous avez besoin d'une quelconque requête concernant une sortie dans le quartier ou des questions sur certaines fonctionnalités du studio je suis évidemment disponible pour vous apportez mon aide. Metro Hotel de Ville 1 et 11 au pied de l'immeuble."
34626	Lovely apartment under the roof, in a XVIIth century building. The charm of the old but this has its defaults, there is no elevator to go to the fourth floor...	Charmant studio, récemment refait à neuf avec poutres apparentes et vue sur les toits en plein coeur de Paris! Lovely studio, just renovated, in the heart of Paris with a view over the roofs. Lovely apartment under the roof, in a XVIIth century building. The charm of the old but this has its defaults, there is no elevator to go to the fourth floor... You will be in Le Marais, one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris. You will find plenty of restaurants, bars, museums, art galleries, shops... and still be in a very quiet environment. I will leave some tips about it. Hôtel de Ville et Rambuteau 2min away, Châtelet les Halles 5min.
34627	The apartment is available every time.  If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is on the 4rd floor with elevator in a very quite standing building.  This is a studio so just on emain room with all the facilities: 1 queen size sofa bed  The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities and facilities: microwave, wash machine, coffee machine, oven, etc etc   you will be able to cook like a French Gourmet.  Of course full free Internet W	In the heart of Paris, on the Ile Saint Louis, the most romantic spot in Paris, studio apartment 4th floor with elevator, 2 sleeps, Free WIFI and cable TV The apartment is available every time.  If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 50e and greeter fees 50e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is on the 4rd floor with elevator in a very quite standing building.  This is a studio so just on emain room with all the facilities: 1 queen size sofa bed  The living room is equipped with all the amenities you will need during your stay The kitchen is fully equipped with all the ameniti
34628	SPACIOUS STUDIO WITH EXPOSED BEAMS AND HIGH CEILING ON SAINT LOUIS ISLAND Standing 17th century building secured by a code and an intercom. The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor with a lift. It overlooks the street Saint Louis en ile but the apartment is very quiet as the large windows are double glazed. Layout Apartment ro rent in Paris of 42 m2 consisting of a large room organized in several areas : First, a sleeping area with two large single beds of 100x200. You can put them side by side to have a very large bed of 200x200. Then you will enjoy the living area with a couch, and finally a dining area with a table for two with lovely armchairs. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the large wardrobe with many shelves and hanging rails. The room is pleasant with large double glazed windows overlooking the street and it has nice high ceilings with exposed beams. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped with a microwave oven with grill function. The bathro	Overlooking the main street of Saint Louis Island, this spacious and comfortable studio will be perfect for a couple or two people traveling together. SPACIOUS STUDIO WITH EXPOSED BEAMS AND HIGH CEILING ON SAINT LOUIS ISLAND Standing 17th century building secured by a code and an intercom. The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor with a lift. It overlooks the street Saint Louis en ile but the apartment is very quiet as the large windows are double glazed. Layout Apartment ro rent in Paris of 42 m2 consisting of a large room organized in several areas : First, a sleeping area with two large single beds of 100x200. You can put them side by side to have a very large bed of 200x200. Then you will enjoy the living area with a couch, and finally a dining area with a table for two with lovely armchairs. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the large wardrobe with many shelves and hanging rails. The room is pleasant with large double glazed windows overlooking the st
34629	Typical parisian flat with wooden floor and molding roof. You'll enjoy a private double bed room. The dwelling is south oriented on the quiet rue François Miron.	Room in a 60m2 flat on a typical old parisian building, really central. Shared living room, bathroom and seperate WC. Perfect place to enjoy the french capital and to move around the historical Marais district. Reachable by metro Saint Paul, line 1. Typical parisian flat with wooden floor and molding roof. You'll enjoy a private double bed room. The dwelling is south oriented on the quiet rue François Miron. You'll enjoy the entire flat with its living room, open kitchen, bathroom and seperated WC. Restricted access only for my bedroom. I'll be there for you, ready to give you some tips to enjoy your stay in Paris. The Marais district is full of attractive places as bars, restaurants, shops, Museum, etc. The building entrance is 2 minutes walking from the metro stration Saint Paul, line 1.
34630	Renovated studio in May 2013, located in the heart of Paris, in the historic Marais district. It is on the 5th floor without elevator and windows are displayed on the quiet courtyard overlooking the rooftops of Paris. There is a TV, high speed internet, a double bed, a closet to store your belongings, a dining table and a small fully equipped kitchen. There's no climatisation (It's not allowed in old building) but a ventilator in case it's too warm in the apartment. It's never really warm in Paris.  The bathroom is equipped with hairdryer, shower, toilet and sink.  Easy access to transportation and tourist sites, Vélib 'station nearby, metro Saint Paul (line 1) less than 5 minutes. While shopping on the Rue de Rivoli and strolling in the Marais. Ideally located in the heart of the Marais and close to the Bastille and the other side of the river, Saint-Germain and the Latin Quarter, this studio is perfect to enjoy your holidays in Paris. The area called Le Marais is located in the fourt	Renovated studio in May 2013, located in the heart of Paris, in the historic Marais district. It is on the 5th floor without elevator and windows are displayed on the quiet courtyard overlooking the rooftops of Paris. There is a TV, high speed internet, a double bed, a closet to store your belongings, a dining table and a small fully equipped kitchen. There's no climatisation (It's not allowed in old building) but a ventilator in case it's too warm in the apartment. It's never really warm in Paris.  The bathroom is equipped with hairdryer, shower, toilet and sink.  Easy access to transportation and tourist sites, Vélib 'station nearby, metro Saint Paul (line 1) less than 5 minutes. While shopping on the Rue de Rivoli and strolling in the Marais. Ideally located in the heart of the Marais and close to the Bastille and the other side of the river, Saint-Germain and the Latin Quarter, this studio is perfect to enjoy your holidays in Paris. The area called Le Marais is located in the fourt
34631	In the real heart of the Marais, very SECURE area, a Studio  on the 6th and last floor with elevator, very quiet Brand new with a luxurious Swiss Bed 140x190 cm Brand new, Tv loewe, hi speed internet, wifi, kitchen. fridge, microwave, and Nespresso. LADIES OF COURSE THERE IS A HAIRDRYER;;;;; Linen and towels, iron and board are provided,  It is at a 2 minute walking distance from the Picasso Museum, Carnavelt Museum and the Place des Vosges (Vosges` square), the construction of which was requested by King Henri IV at the beginning of the 17th century, in a brick and stone architecture unique in Paris, with an homogeneous square design and lovely arcades.  You are 1 minutes walk to subway LIne 1 (Louvre Museum in 5 minutes, Champs Elysees  Kosher restaurant, Place de Vosges Supermarket and Pharmacy very close. Very easy walk to the Notre Dame, and great bars, restaurants and shops just outside the door. No smoking and no pets Dans le meilleur du Marais un petit Studio entièrement rénové	In the real heart of the Marais, very SECURE area, a Studio  on the 6th and last floor with elevator, very quiet Brand new with a luxurious Swiss Bed 140x190 cm Brand new, Tv loewe, hi speed internet, wifi, kitchen. fridge, microwave, and Nespresso. LADIES OF COURSE THERE IS A HAIRDRYER;;;;; Linen and towels, iron and board are provided,  It is at a 2 minute walking distance from the Picasso Museum, Carnavelt Museum and the Place des Vosges (Vosges` square), the construction of which was requested by King Henri IV at the beginning of the 17th century, in a brick and stone architecture unique in Paris, with an homogeneous square design and lovely arcades.  You are 1 minutes walk to subway LIne 1 (Louvre Museum in 5 minutes, Champs Elysees  Kosher restaurant, Place de Vosges Supermarket and Pharmacy very close. Very easy walk to the Notre Dame, and great bars, restaurants and shops just outside the door. No smoking and no pets Dans le meilleur du Marais un petit Studio entièrement rénové
34632	"This classic luxurious Hausmanian Airconditionned 110 m2 apartment has 4 rooms: 1 living room, 1 dining room and 2 bedrooms. It is at the 4th floor with lift (from the 1rst floor only) and has windows on the South and North (""traversant"")."	"Our apartment is in the very center of Paris in Le Marais close to the Pompidou Center (Modern Art Museum). Notre-Dame, Le Louvre and many other tourist spots are less than 10 mn walking. The place is very safe, quiet and full of good restaurants. This classic luxurious Hausmanian Airconditionned 110 m2 apartment has 4 rooms: 1 living room, 1 dining room and 2 bedrooms. It is at the 4th floor with lift (from the 1rst floor only) and has windows on the South and North (""traversant""). Couldn't be more central, safe and full of nice shops and restaurants. Even if you'll walk to most places, the apartment is near the ""Châtelet Les Halles Station"" which is the most important Métro center in Paris (Lines (phone number hidden) and RER A and B).  It is Direct from the Charles de Gaulle Airport and very easy from Orly too.  Direct to Disney too. On top of that there are many buses going everywhere. "
34633	STANDING Very good standing building, typical of the Saint Louis island, with its French wooden and iron stairs. The Paris rental apartment is on the third floor without an elevator. It is above Monsieur Le Franc's cremerie and Madame Martin's boulangerie. There are three South facing windows allowing in plenty of light and provide a wonderful view along the Rue St Louis en L'Ile. The beautiful Barosque church can be seen just on the left hand side. LAYOUT Lovely Paris studio of 30 m2, recently renovated. It is beautifully but simply decorated and is furnished to highlight its traditional features, giving it style and character. It consists of a large living room and a smart, well equipped, open kitchen, with breakfast counter and stools.. A very high quality sofabed is just as comfortable as a double bed. The modern bathroom has an excellent shower along with the toilet and the washer/dryer. If you want to work/study or simply check your emails there is a stylish console desk against 	A beautiful, simple apartment that is furnished to highlight its traditional French features. This is a fabulous location on an island in the centre of the city that feels like a small Parisian village. STANDING Very good standing building, typical of the Saint Louis island, with its French wooden and iron stairs. The Paris rental apartment is on the third floor without an elevator. It is above Monsieur Le Franc's cremerie and Madame Martin's boulangerie. There are three South facing windows allowing in plenty of light and provide a wonderful view along the Rue St Louis en L'Ile. The beautiful Barosque church can be seen just on the left hand side. LAYOUT Lovely Paris studio of 30 m2, recently renovated. It is beautifully but simply decorated and is furnished to highlight its traditional features, giving it style and character. It consists of a large living room and a smart, well equipped, open kitchen, with breakfast counter and stools.. A very high quality sofabed is just as comforta
34634	Cet appartement atypique de 42 m2 est idéalement situé dans un des quartiers les plus animés et branchés de la Capitale, le Marais. Plein de charme et accueillant, avec belle hauteur sous plafond de 3,50m, pierres et poutres apparentes, tomettes au sol.  Donnant sur une très jolie cour arborée, il a cette particularité d’être très calme, un véritable havre de paix au beau milieu de la vie très animée du quartier. Il bénéficie d’une grande pièce à vivre, très agréable et confortable avec ses 2 canapés dont un convertible en lit 2 places, ses nombreux fauteuils et son bureau.  Les draps, couettes, oreillers sont fournis. Accès WI-FI haut débit illimité, télévision grand écran/ TNT   Grande cuisine entièrement équipée : table, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, four mixte, lave-linge, machine à café Nespresso. Salle de bain avec WC, baignoire, étendoir, sèche-cheveux. Les serviettes de bain, shampoing et gel douche sont fournis.	Grand studio de 42m2 situé au coeur du Marais, plein de charme, à deux pas de la rue des Rosiers et de la Place des Vosges. Idéal pour un couple, cet appartement situé au 1er étage est spacieux et très calme, donnant sur une jolie cour arborée. Cet appartement atypique de 42 m2 est idéalement situé dans un des quartiers les plus animés et branchés de la Capitale, le Marais. Plein de charme et accueillant, avec belle hauteur sous plafond de 3,50m, pierres et poutres apparentes, tomettes au sol.  Donnant sur une très jolie cour arborée, il a cette particularité d’être très calme, un véritable havre de paix au beau milieu de la vie très animée du quartier. Il bénéficie d’une grande pièce à vivre, très agréable et confortable avec ses 2 canapés dont un convertible en lit 2 places, ses nombreux fauteuils et son bureau.  Les draps, couettes, oreillers sont fournis. Accès WI-FI haut débit illimité, télévision grand écran/ TNT   Grande cuisine entièrement équipée : table, réfrigérateur, plaque
34635	Donnant sur cour il est extrêmement calme.  La pièces principale permet le couchage de 3 personnes avec un lit double de 140 et un canapé convertible en lit pour 1 adulte ou 2 enfants La cuisine est totalement équipée. Vous pouvez cuisiner et prendre vos repas à l'appartement. Sont mis à votre disposition des casseroles, de la vaisselle, verres, tasses,... grille-pain, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso sont également à votre disposition Un lave-vaisselle est également à votre disposition ainsi qu'une machine à laver le linge	Cet appartement tout récemment rénové est idéalement situé au cœur du Marais, quartier central pour visiter Paris. Typique du Marais l'appartement a conservé tout le charme de l'ancien avec une rénovation offrant tout le confort actuel Donnant sur cour il est extrêmement calme.  La pièces principale permet le couchage de 3 personnes avec un lit double de 140 et un canapé convertible en lit pour 1 adulte ou 2 enfants La cuisine est totalement équipée. Vous pouvez cuisiner et prendre vos repas à l'appartement. Sont mis à votre disposition des casseroles, de la vaisselle, verres, tasses,... grille-pain, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso sont également à votre disposition Un lave-vaisselle est également à votre disposition ainsi qu'une machine à laver le linge L'appartement vous est totalement dédié, vous pouvez utiliser tous les équipements qui s'y trouvent. Une connexion internet est également à votre disposition, les codes sont indiqués dans l'appartement. Je réponds aux emails rapid
34636	Venez visiter Paris en habitant dans l'un des quartiers les plus beaux de la Ville lumière! a 5 min du Pied de Notre Dame, du Marais, du Quartier Latin... et 10 du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, ou de Bastille n'hésitez pas à demander plus de détails! bus,  métro ligne 10 (Maubert Mutualité), 1 (saint paul)  et 7 (pont marie)	Next to historical neighbourhoods of Paris (le marais, quartier latin, Notre Dame...) that are at walking distance (5mins top), this studio is located on St Louis Island, one of the most beautiful places to live in Paris. Photos will tell u the rest. bus,  métro ligne 10 (Maubert Mutualité), 1 (saint paul)  et 7 (pont marie)
34637		Emplacement idéal qui permet de visiter le meilleur de Paris à pieds : dans le quartier animé du Marais. Deux pieces de 35 M2 tout confort qui vient juste d'être rénové entierement. L'équipement est neuf et complet avec un accés internet libre. 
34638	the 11 sm (118 p2) bedroom The bedroom is off the living room, separated by sliding doors.	The modern one bedroom apartment is on the 2nd floor (considered 3rd in U.S.) of a five-story modern (1972) building with 2 elevators.  It is equiped with central air conditioning. It includes a balcony embellished with fresh greenery. the 11 sm (118 p2) bedroom The bedroom is off the living room, separated by sliding doors. Guests will have access to everything except one cupboard and 2 closets.  On the balcony there is a small table with 2 chairs, it is possible to eat outside. There is also a deckchair. I might be in the apartment or not. If yes, I sleep on the sofabed in the living room. Just ask me before you make your reservation. Depending on the date of your stay, I might be reachable in Paris or away. Located on a residential street near the Place des Vosges, this one bedroom apartment on Rue du Pas de la Mule and Boulevard Beaumarchais offers a beautiful layout with modern amenities and a balcony in a 20th century elevator building. Ideally located, this home sits in a contem
34639	Top 4th floor - 1 Queen bed in Bedroom / 1 Fold out couch in Salon. Loft 14FT Ceiling, 2 Terraces (smoking outside possible), 2 Fireplaces, 2 Skylights. Extreme PRIVACY, NO PRESS CAN INFILTRATE the exterior if you are a celebrity. 5***** upgrades in Bathroom and Kitchen. Ile Saint Louis IS the location to be in - It is the real old Paris. Notre-Dame is only a few steps away. The Latin Quarter and the Marais are 5 minutes away. Bus 67 runs through the island to Pigalle. the Metro is a 3 minute walk. Direct to Opera. You will fall in love with Paris over and over again walking around in this area. The accordion player on the bridge to Notre Dame plays the most romantic songs...  On this special island, very few apartments exist like this. Terraces! Fireplaces! Skylights! Nearly 400 years old and newly renovated. :0) Shops, cafes, restaurants, ice cream, creperies are everywhere here, a French authentic feel. A dream for the bohemian, cool, luxury minded individuals, this 17th Century apa	A sumptuous location for an unforgettable stay in the very heart of Paris. Five star location in an 'Old Paris' environment. A perfect place to fall in love and lavish in love during your entire stay here...Pure Romance for any type of stay you wish! Top 4th floor - 1 Queen bed in Bedroom / 1 Fold out couch in Salon. Loft 14FT Ceiling, 2 Terraces (smoking outside possible), 2 Fireplaces, 2 Skylights. Extreme PRIVACY, NO PRESS CAN INFILTRATE the exterior if you are a celebrity. 5***** upgrades in Bathroom and Kitchen. Ile Saint Louis IS the location to be in - It is the real old Paris. Notre-Dame is only a few steps away. The Latin Quarter and the Marais are 5 minutes away. Bus 67 runs through the island to Pigalle. the Metro is a 3 minute walk. Direct to Opera. You will fall in love with Paris over and over again walking around in this area. The accordion player on the bridge to Notre Dame plays the most romantic songs...  On this special island, very few apartments exist like this. Te
34640	This beautiful and rare 43 square meters 1 Bedroom duplex apartment is ideally located on quai d Anjou on the Saint Louis Island, on the 1st French floor of a 17th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people (1 queensize bed + 1 sofabed). This apartment is equipped with : ethanol fireplace, washer, dryer, dishwasher, terrace, unlimited high speed internet access, TV, DVD, wooden beams, exposed old stones. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 17th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom	This beautiful and rare 43 square meters 1 Bedroom duplex apartment is ideally located on quai d Anjou on the Saint Louis Island, on the 1st French floor of a 17th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people (1 queensize bed + 1 sofabed). This apartment is equipped with : ethanol fireplace, washer, dryer, dishwasher, terrace, unlimited high speed internet access, TV, DVD, wooden beams, exposed old stones. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 17th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom
34641		Superbe appartement d'architecte dans le Marais. A deux pas de la fameuse place des Vosgues et de la place de la bastille. Metro Saint Paul. 5 petits etages Sans ascenseur. Acces internet , TV (chambre + salon) , lave vaisselle, lave linge.
34642	The place is coming with : - the entrance with a large dressing connected to the others rooms. - Living room, with a library, a desk and it chair, a large sofa with two retro arm chairs, a coffee table, a carpet, TVHD, DVD, Ipod speaker. Windows over looking the street. - the dining area with a round table and 4 chairs. - an open modern kitchen on the back with fridge, oven, micro wave, cook top, dish washer, boiler, coffee maker, toaster and items needed for cooking and eating.  - the bedroom in the back, with a commode, a large dressing, a double bed (160x200cm) - Bathroom with large italian shower, a bath sink, washing machine and WC. The apartment is rented with towels linen and iron.	Beautiful 56 sqm apartment, on bedroom , on the fourth floor with no lift in the heart of the Antics area of St Paul. The place is coming with : - the entrance with a large dressing connected to the others rooms. - Living room, with a library, a desk and it chair, a large sofa with two retro arm chairs, a coffee table, a carpet, TVHD, DVD, Ipod speaker. Windows over looking the street. - the dining area with a round table and 4 chairs. - an open modern kitchen on the back with fridge, oven, micro wave, cook top, dish washer, boiler, coffee maker, toaster and items needed for cooking and eating.  - the bedroom in the back, with a commode, a large dressing, a double bed (160x200cm) - Bathroom with large italian shower, a bath sink, washing machine and WC. The apartment is rented with towels linen and iron. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame 
34643	Located in Le Marais historical district, this is a fully renovated 20 m2 (215 ft2) studio located on the last floor (4th) of a typical medieval building with beam. Quiet and bright with 2 courtyard windows which give you a nice view on Parisian roofs. It includes: - A kitchen with electric hob, fridge, microwave and oven, a Nespresso coffee machine, a washing machine and everything you need to cook. - A eating area with a table and 4 chairs - A living-room/bedroom area with a convertible sofa for 2 people (linens provided) and a bedside table with TV - A shower room with sink, toilet and shower (towels provided) + hairdryer - Plenty of storage space located in the walls. - Free WIFI access	Come and discover one of the world's greatest cities from its central historical district (Le Marais) nested in this bright and fully renovated 20 m2 (215 ft2) studio of a quiet typical building! Located in Le Marais historical district, this is a fully renovated 20 m2 (215 ft2) studio located on the last floor (4th) of a typical medieval building with beam. Quiet and bright with 2 courtyard windows which give you a nice view on Parisian roofs. It includes: - A kitchen with electric hob, fridge, microwave and oven, a Nespresso coffee machine, a washing machine and everything you need to cook. - A eating area with a table and 4 chairs - A living-room/bedroom area with a convertible sofa for 2 people (linens provided) and a bedside table with TV - A shower room with sink, toilet and shower (towels provided) + hairdryer - Plenty of storage space located in the walls. - Free WIFI access The streets around the apartment offer dozens of typical shops, cafés and bars that make the neighborhoo
34644	My flat is located in Le marais nearby Place des vosges. I propose to rent it theses summer and a flat sharing inn other period with an independent bedroom	I rent my flat these summer (july and august) in le marais area near place des vosges; All comfort. My flat is located in Le marais nearby Place des vosges. I propose to rent it theses summer and a flat sharing inn other period with an independent bedroom Total access in full renting period and we share the flat while I rent the bedroom Le Marais is a nice area, full of old buildings, Place des Vosges is from 5 minutes by walkings. In the center of Paris? all transports facilities nearby
34645	This apartment of 25m ² is ideally situated right in the heart of Le Marais area, near Beaubourg in the 3rd floor without elevator of an ancient building on an inner courtyard .  It is situated in a lively area where you can find all commodities that you will need during your stay (the fresh food market , restaurants, bakeries, etc...). Le Marais offers amazing opportunities to shop at designers' boutiques, brunches on Sunday; The beautiful Place des Vosges is also within reach as well as the very interesting Picasso Museum.  For entertainment and main stream shopping Les Halles are also nearby with its shops, cinemas, culturels events in Beaubourg.  It has just been newly renovated and nicely (website hidden) has a big main room with a kitchen area, a table bar to have your meals and a confortable new double bed.There is a shower in the bathroom with washlinen/ dryer. It is comfortable, completely equipped with an internet WIFI connection and international channels.  At your arrival, 	This apartment of 25m ² is ideally situated right in the heart of Le Marais area, near Beaubourg in the 3rd floor without elevator of an ancient building on an inner courtyard .  It is situated in a lively area where you can find all commodities that you will need during your stay (the fresh food market , restaurants, bakeries, etc...). Le Marais offers amazing opportunities to shop at designers' boutiques, brunches on Sunday; The beautiful Place des Vosges is also within reach as well as the very interesting Picasso Museum.  For entertainment and main stream shopping Les Halles are also nearby with its shops, cinemas, culturels events in Beaubourg.  It has just been newly renovated and nicely (website hidden) has a big main room with a kitchen area, a table bar to have your meals and a confortable new double bed.There is a shower in the bathroom with washlinen/ dryer. It is comfortable, completely equipped with an internet WIFI connection and international channels.  At your arrival, 
34646	In the very center of Paris, on the ile saint louis, this haussmanian apartment has a perfect and very convenient location to visit and relax as a real parisian  / Notre Dame de Paris/ Saint germainBastille/Hôtel de Ville ..  This 55 m2 apartment is located in a trendy and chic neighborhood with many museums, art galleries and shops ( le marais)  It offers all the comfort and warm atmosphere to enjoy a quiet stay in the historic Paris! 6th floor with elevator overlooking the Seine and the Pantheon. Closed fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, microwave, etc ...) Bathroom with bath and separate restrooms HD flat screen TV and internet connection (WiFi). Rented with linen, towels. Cupboards are available. Hosts are nearly always welcomed by the landlord Many quality shops, bars, tobacco, restaurants, bakery, laundry ... down the building. Shops open 7/7. Metro - Pont Marie (line 7) and Saint-Paul (line 1) + bicycle station + bus You can park on the island by car. 	In the very center of Paris, on the ile saint louis, this haussmanian apartment has a perfect and very convenient location to visit and relax as a real parisian  / Notre Dame de Paris/ Saint germainBastille/Hôtel de Ville ..  This 55 m2 apartment is located in a trendy and chic neighborhood with many museums, art galleries and shops ( le marais)  It offers all the comfort and warm atmosphere to enjoy a quiet stay in the historic Paris! 6th floor with elevator overlooking the Seine and the Pantheon. Closed fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, microwave, etc ...) Bathroom with bath and separate restrooms HD flat screen TV and internet connection (WiFi). Rented with linen, towels. Cupboards are available. Hosts are nearly always welcomed by the landlord Many quality shops, bars, tobacco, restaurants, bakery, laundry ... down the building. Shops open 7/7. Metro - Pont Marie (line 7) and Saint-Paul (line 1) + bicycle station + bus You can park on the island by car. 
34647	A real bedroom with a very comfortable bed for two people and large closets with a safe and one AC unit. The living room - with one AC unit - includes a very comfortable sofa bed for 2 extra visitors and 1 convertible sofa chair for 1 extra visitor. The kitchen is all equipped with new household appliances. The cosy bathroom has a small tub and a shower.	In a typical, old building in Le Marais, on the 2nd floor (no lift), this 32m2, 2 room apartment (1 bedroom with a bed for 2 people + 1 lounge with a sofa bed for 2 extra visitors + 1 bed chair for 1 extra visitor) has been recently renovated and is fitted with two air-conditioning units. The flat offers modern design furniture, an all equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a tub, free WIFI, a TV set, a CD player. Quiet location and a small private terrace with flowers and a table with chairs. A real bedroom with a very comfortable bed for two people and large closets with a safe and one AC unit. The living room - with one AC unit - includes a very comfortable sofa bed for 2 extra visitors and 1 convertible sofa chair for 1 extra visitor. The kitchen is all equipped with new household appliances. The cosy bathroom has a small tub and a shower. Fully independent apartment on the 2nd floor. The building is old, so no elevator is possible but except just one fairly steep flight of steps, the a
34648	ONE OF THE BEST LOCATIONS IN PARIS SOME METERS PLACE DES VOSGES Very near the famous Place des Vosges (you can see some of it from the window) in Le Marais, 4TH District , also close to the lively Bastille area, not far from the Seine river and the Ile St Louis, also very close to St Paul metro station, on one of the main metro lines, in the middle of an area with many Arts Galleries and shops.  Just beautifully renovated in October 2012 by a tasteful decorator.  THE STUDIO  2 South facing windows in the kitchen and sitting room, with separate shower-room + wc. - two single beds 90 cms x 190 cms (the second one can be pulled from below the main one),  - cupboards on each side of the beds,  - a round table with two chairs,  - a little chest of drawers with a flat TV on it and shelves above,  - a classy tiled shower room with toilet,  - a colorful kitchen corner with electrical induction burners, a refrigerator, a sink, cupboards and usual kitchenware/tableware. Overall a very cute nest 	Very charming apartment in the heart of Paris in the very tendance area LE MARAIS in the 4º district. Completely equipped you can have a very nice stay in Paris ONE OF THE BEST LOCATIONS IN PARIS SOME METERS PLACE DES VOSGES Very near the famous Place des Vosges (you can see some of it from the window) in Le Marais, 4TH District , also close to the lively Bastille area, not far from the Seine river and the Ile St Louis, also very close to St Paul metro station, on one of the main metro lines, in the middle of an area with many Arts Galleries and shops.  Just beautifully renovated in October 2012 by a tasteful decorator.  THE STUDIO  2 South facing windows in the kitchen and sitting room, with separate shower-room + wc. - two single beds 90 cms x 190 cms (the second one can be pulled from below the main one),  - cupboards on each side of the beds,  - a round table with two chairs,  - a little chest of drawers with a flat TV on it and shelves above,  - a classy tiled shower room with toi
34649	Elégance et charme d'un hôtel particulier du XVIIe siècle. Appartement conçu pour 2 personnes	"Dans l'Ile Saint-Louis, en plein centre de Paris, élégant et charmant appartement en mezzanine dans hôtel particulier du XVIIe. Monuments, musées et commerces accessibles à pied. Ambiance très calme, un village sur la Seine contre Notre-Dame de Paris Elégance et charme d'un hôtel particulier du XVIIe siècle. Appartement conçu pour 2 personnes appartement seulement. WiFi gratuit je suis à leur disposition avant leur arrivée pour toute question sur Paris. Je mets à leur disposition des guides sur Paris en plusieurs langues et des promenades inédites. English spoken Toute la vie d'un village sur une île en plein centre de Paris, loin du bruit. Tous les commerces sont dans l'ile et la plupart des sites et musées sont accessibles à pied depuis l'appartement. Métro : Station ""St Paul Le Marais"" sur la ligne n°1              Stations ""Pont Marie"" et ""Sully Morland"" sur la ligne n°7               Station RER B ""St Michel Notre Dame"" Pas d'animaux"
34650	This is truly a wonderful location in the City of Light. Your neighborhood, the Latin Quarter, is packed with bars, cafés, restaurants and shops, and it places you within easy walking distance of beautiful Notre Dame Cathedral and bustling Boulevard Saint Germain. To further explore the French capital, make good use of the metro station close to your accommodation. Offering lovely views of the Seine and Notre Dame, your apartment boasts a comfortable and friendly lounge and 2 bright bedrooms furnished with queen size beds. Its kitchen is well-equipped for the preparation of snacks or meals, while the bathroom is fitted with a tub. A wonderful and comfortable holiday awaits you in this apartment in Paris! The building is located just on the bank of the Seine river (Quai de Montebello 75005 Paris), in one of the most typical and central areas of the city.	A wonderful and comfortable holiday awaits you in this apartment in Paris! This is truly a wonderful location in the City of Light. Your neighborhood, the Latin Quarter, is packed with bars, cafés, restaurants and shops, and it places you within easy walking distance of beautiful Notre Dame Cathedral and bustling Boulevard Saint Germain. To further explore the French capital, make good use of the metro station close to your accommodation. Offering lovely views of the Seine and Notre Dame, your apartment boasts a comfortable and friendly lounge and 2 bright bedrooms furnished with queen size beds. Its kitchen is well-equipped for the preparation of snacks or meals, while the bathroom is fitted with a tub. A wonderful and comfortable holiday awaits you in this apartment in Paris! The building is located just on the bank of the Seine river (Quai de Montebello 75005 Paris), in one of the most typical and central areas of the city. I will be pleased to give you tips and advices on the neigh
34651	Perfect two bedrooms apartment at the gateway to the Marais. You will enjoy the extremely convenient location and the lovely space of this great and bright flat for 6. Comfortable, cozy, and complete with all that you need to live in Paris in an autonomous fashion, this apartment is an ideal place for up to 6 people  to stay on a calm edge of the urban action. Situated in an attractive modern building with an elevator, the large windows overlook the very calmand quiet courtyard The apartment has been decorated in calming tones of cool blues beige, and white. There is queen size bed in each bedroom area and sofa bed in the living room that can be accomodated for two people. The kitchen is equipped with electric stove, a combination Microwave/oven and refrigerator. It is fully stocked with dishes, glasses, pots and pans. For added convenience, you will also find a dish washer combination unit as well. The 1st bathroom with stand-up shower, is a tranquil space for quick morning shower. Th	Amazing big flat, perfectly located in the hyper center Paris.  In the 4th floor with elevator of a classic parisian building, this great apartment is ideal for families or friends discovering Paris:  Main parisian attractions are walking distance!
34652	"This studio offers a magnificent view of the ""little genius"", a historical monument in Paris, a symbol of freedom. Located in a beautiful old building, Napoleon III, the 6th floor (with elevator) you'll feel like living under the roofs of Paris. You can even have your breakfast on the balcony. Very bright, it boasts a high-end renovation in 2012. It has been restructured for maximum optimization of space. It is equipped for 2 people (comfortable sofa, sleeping 140) and it has an extra bed in the mezzanine for 1 person or a child. The mezzanine bed is a bit too close to the ceiling. The bathroom and kitchen were built with beautiful materials. Located in the Marais, near Place des Vosges, the Bastille and the Ile Saint Louis, you are well placed to explore on foot many monuments of Paris and live in one of the oldest and most prestigious neighborhoods of Paris: Parisian symbol of modernity with its galleries, trendy shops, bars and restaurants. At 10 meters from Bastille station, you ge"	"This studio offers a magnificent view of the ""little genius"", a historical monument in Paris, a symbol of freedom. Located in a beautiful old building, Napoleon III, the 6th floor (with elevator) you'll feel like living under the roofs of Paris. You can even have your breakfast on the balcony. Very bright, it boasts a high-end renovation in 2012. It has been restructured for maximum optimization of space. It is equipped for 2 people (comfortable sofa, sleeping 140) and it has an extra bed in the mezzanine for 1 person or a child. The mezzanine bed is a bit too close to the ceiling. The bathroom and kitchen were built with beautiful materials. Located in the Marais, near Place des Vosges, the Bastille and the Ile Saint Louis, you are well placed to explore on foot many monuments of Paris and live in one of the oldest and most prestigious neighborhoods of Paris: Parisian symbol of modernity with its galleries, trendy shops, bars and restaurants. At 10 meters from Bastille station, you ge"
34653	Beautiful apartment in the historic center of Paris:  The Île Saint-Louis  is one of two natural islands in the Seine river, in Paris. The island is named after King Louis IX of France (Saint Louis). The island is connected to the rest of Paris by bridges to both banks of the river and by the Pont Saint-Louis to the Île de la Cité. This island was formerly used for the grazing of market cattle and stocking wood. One of France's first examples of urban planning, it was mapped and built from end to end during the 17th-century reigns of Henri IV and Louis XIII. A peaceful oasis of calm in the busy Paris centre, this island has only narrow one-way streets, no métro stations and two bus stops. Most of the island is residential, but there are several restaurants, shops, cafés and ice cream parlours at street level, as well as one large church, Saint-Louis-en-l'Île Church. The  apartment is in 2 min walk from Notre Dame de Paris! Nothing is more central then Ile Saint Louis. The apartment is 	Very beautiful apartment in Paris on the one of two natural islands in the Seine river, in the heat Paris in 2 minutes of  walk  from Notre Dame de Paris, 2 minutes of walk from Saint-Michel, The Marais is now one of Paris' main localities for art 
34654	This 84 m2  updated 18th Century Best Central Paris location  has two bedrooms and two baths  plus a 22m2 terrassse  The kitchen was totally remodelled in 2012 The style is  classic Old France rather than Modern  The beds are very comfortable , 2 king size, as well as two fold out single beds . All the linens, shets and towels  are from USA- Calvin Klein  , Ralph Lauren etc . Both bathrooms have showers , there are two toilets  There are lots of guide book , maps , novels in both French and English in the library area . There are  also many cook books in the kitchen  The neighbourhood is upscale and safe , as many famous people live nearby  We are on the main street of this island ,  with bridges to  cross to the left Bank and the Right Bank.  We are at the quiet end of the street, ie away from Notre Dame  and  there are no restaurants or  shops allowed in our area . the bedrooms are at the back of the apartment , away from the street, so  both are very quiet  There are many  wonderful	Beautiful apartment  2 Br 2 bathroom in best area of Central Paris  Just steps to buses and Metro , as well as many restaurants and boulangeries . Walk to  Notre Dame , Bastille and The Marais  Fully furnished and equipped to USA standards This 84 m2  updated 18th Century Best Central Paris location  has two bedrooms and two baths  plus a 22m2 terrassse  The kitchen was totally remodelled in 2012 The style is  classic Old France rather than Modern  The beds are very comfortable , 2 king size, as well as two fold out single beds . All the linens, shets and towels  are from USA- Calvin Klein  , Ralph Lauren etc . Both bathrooms have showers , there are two toilets  There are lots of guide book , maps , novels in both French and English in the library area . There are  also many cook books in the kitchen  The neighbourhood is upscale and safe , as many famous people live nearby  We are on the main street of this island ,  with bridges to  cross to the left Bank and the Right Bank.  We are
34655	Pierres et poutres apparentes. Vieux puits du 17ème siècle au coeur de l'appartement. 	Bel appartement, 2 pièces, 28m2, refait à neuf, dans une ancienne ménagerie royale. Rez de chaussée, sur cour, calme. Entièrement équipé : Internet, Tv, lecteur DVD, lave-linge-séchant, lave-vaisselle, lit 160cm. Chambre séparée + canapé-lit.    Pierres et poutres apparentes. Vieux puits du 17ème siècle au coeur de l'appartement.  Très beau quartier du marais, très calme. La seine est à 100m. Beaucoup de possibilités de promenades aux alentours : vieux quais de Paris, Ile Saint Louis, Marais. Grandes facilités d'accès en transport : Métro :  -Sully Morland (Ligne 7)------50m -Bastille (Ligne 8, 1, 5)--------150m -Saint Paul (Ligne 1)----------150m Bus : 86, 87 (arrêt Sully-morland), 76, 69 et 96 (Birague) 
34656	2 pièces de charme, entre le centre Pompidou (5minutes a pied) et  Notre Dame (10 minutes a pied), dans une rue piétonne, sous les toits d'un immeuble haussmannien, au 6ème étage avec une très belle vue. Entièrement refait à neuf, chaleureux et confortable, l'appartement est composé d’une pièce à vivre avec une cuisine complètement équipée (four, micro-ondes, lave-linge, réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle), d’un salon avec canapé-lit très confortable (160cm),internet haut débit illimité, et coin bureau d’une chambre avec lit 140cm, dressing , et d’une salle de bain avec grande douche. 	Charmant deux pièces avec vue sur notre-Dame, situé  au centre de Paris à deux pas des métros et RER. Cuisine américaine , salle de bain, salon et chambre vous serez séduits par son emplacement et son charme. 2 pièces de charme, entre le centre Pompidou (5minutes a pied) et  Notre Dame (10 minutes a pied), dans une rue piétonne, sous les toits d'un immeuble haussmannien, au 6ème étage avec une très belle vue. Entièrement refait à neuf, chaleureux et confortable, l'appartement est composé d’une pièce à vivre avec une cuisine complètement équipée (four, micro-ondes, lave-linge, réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle), d’un salon avec canapé-lit très confortable (160cm),internet haut débit illimité, et coin bureau d’une chambre avec lit 140cm, dressing , et d’une salle de bain avec grande douche. Je suis joignable et disponible pour les voyageurs Quartier historique et piéton, il contient des trésors architecturaux et des musées fabuleux (Centre Pompidou,Notre Dame,Louvre, mus
34657	L'apart est un peu roots, à mi-chemin entre une mansarde et une maison de hobbit, mais il est très chaleureux. Vous vous brosserez les dents dans l'évier de la cuisine mais votre chambre est spacieuse et pleine de livres fascinants, et tous les gens qui aiment le dépaysement l'apprécient. 	L'appartement est situé au cœur du Marais. La chambre fait 10m², il y a aussi un salon et une cuisine, et c'est sur cour, donc tranquille. L'appartement est un peu roots, à mi-chemin entre une mansarde et une maison de hobbit. Voir les détails :) L'apart est un peu roots, à mi-chemin entre une mansarde et une maison de hobbit, mais il est très chaleureux. Vous vous brosserez les dents dans l'évier de la cuisine mais votre chambre est spacieuse et pleine de livres fascinants, et tous les gens qui aiment le dépaysement l'apprécient. A tout, sauf ma chambre. Il se peut que je dorme ou pas dans l'appart quand vous serez là. Dans les deux cas, ce sera bien pour vous, parce que soit je pourrai vous aider dans votre découverte de Paris, soit je vous laisserai l'appartement tout entier (45m²), surtout si vous restez plusieurs jours. J'aime toujours connaitre les personnes que j'accueille, et je prends toujours le temps de venir les chercher au métro, et de leur présenter l'appartement. Le Mara
34658	XVII century building. ground floor. 3 levels. 2 for rental. central paris with no noise; large living room (diner area 6/8 persons and seating area); big kitchen with breakfast / diner area for 3 and access to sunny garden one independant bedroom for 2 with bath and dressing internet, wifi, tv, phone (with restrictions) one extra person OK with sofa (perfect for one child) maid available if interested	one bedroom for 2 with bath (20m²) , a huge place (50m²) on first floor with private sunny garden (150m²) and teck terrace for lunch/dinner. very quiet place. Mezzanine with sofa. high speed WIFI. central location. 2 cats to take care of. XVII century building. ground floor. 3 levels. 2 for rental. central paris with no noise; large living room (diner area 6/8 persons and seating area); big kitchen with breakfast / diner area for 3 and access to sunny garden one independant bedroom for 2 with bath and dressing internet, wifi, tv, phone (with restrictions) one extra person OK with sofa (perfect for one child) maid available if interested close to any public transportation and busy location. 2 locked doors before the appartment door. access to all the appartment including fully equiped kitchen (with dishwash) & laundry (wash and dry) except one closed downstair room. emails, phone historical and cultural location pedestrians busy streets no car needed any way subway and busses within 5 m
34659	2 Bedrooms - 4 GUESTS ONLY -Bedroom 1: Master bedroom with queen-size bed (160cm) overlooking the courtyard and rooftops. -Bedroom 2: Double bed (140cm) with view overlooking courtyard and rooftops. 1 Bathroom + Separate Toilet The bathroom has a shower, bathtub, and sink. There is a separate powder room with toilet and sink. Kitchen: -Modern Bulthaup kitchen fully-equipped with high-end Siemens appliances, dishes, cookware, cutlery. -Dishwasher -Nespresso machine -Toaster Other details: -Elevator: apartment is located on the 4th floor (5th floor American) -Free high speed wireless internet, cable television and telephone. -Floor Heating -Washing machine and separate dryer -Hairdryer in bathroom ****NO AIR CONDITIONING*** ------------------------------------------------------------ Check out our www. venture2paris . c o m Follow us!  Twiter: @venture2paris	"Stunning contemporary 2 bedroom apartment. Rue Trésor is situated  in the area known as ""Le Marais,""  a fashionable district - home to trendy restaurants, fashion houses and art galleries. 2 Bedrooms - 4 GUESTS ONLY -Bedroom 1: Master bedroom with queen-size bed (160cm) overlooking the courtyard and rooftops. -Bedroom 2: Double bed (140cm) with view overlooking courtyard and rooftops. 1 Bathroom + Separate Toilet The bathroom has a shower, bathtub, and sink. There is a separate powder room with toilet and sink. Kitchen: -Modern Bulthaup kitchen fully-equipped with high-end Siemens appliances, dishes, cookware, cutlery. -Dishwasher -Nespresso machine -Toaster Other details: -Elevator: apartment is located on the 4th floor (5th floor American) -Free high speed wireless internet, cable television and telephone. -Floor Heating -Washing machine and separate dryer -Hairdryer in bathroom ****NO AIR CONDITIONING*** ------------------------------------------------------------ Check out our www."
34660	Situated on the 3th floor Le Marais old building and antic street with 24/7 secure access, it will allow you to experience and enjoy the Paris’ center way of life ! Dream place for anyone who wants to have a great time in the City of Light… New & old-time styled, efficient & design-cosy completely renovated one-room apartment, modern & industrial design decorated with typical old wood beam ceilings, very quiet & bright. Everything is new here ! We also tried to find the ideal balance between old-time real estate style and modernity, between ancient Paris touches and contemporary amenities. It will be up to you to experience it and see if we managed it well !T he window opens on a very silent courtyard which is very rare in Paris. You will also be able to enjoy the view on a Church's roofs… The studio consists of: a nice living-room with top quality sofa bed of modern design (160 cm large with HQ bed base and mattress),many channels and 32 inches flat screen LCD TV, a large wardrobe, of	Enjoy the tranquility in a unique place. Located in the vibrant and historical Marais district, this amazing apartment will seduce you.   My calendar is always up to date and the flat always ready to welcome you! Situated on the 3th floor Le Marais old building and antic street with 24/7 secure access, it will allow you to experience and enjoy the Paris’ center way of life ! Dream place for anyone who wants to have a great time in the City of Light… New & old-time styled, efficient & design-cosy completely renovated one-room apartment, modern & industrial design decorated with typical old wood beam ceilings, very quiet & bright. Everything is new here ! We also tried to find the ideal balance between old-time real estate style and modernity, between ancient Paris touches and contemporary amenities. It will be up to you to experience it and see if we managed it well !T he window opens on a very silent courtyard which is very rare in Paris. You will also be able to enjoy the view on a Ch
34661		Bourgoise, Luxuriously Chic, In the heart of Paris, specially on the île Saint Louis.  Close to everything. 70m sq I Feel like a QUEEN in this beautiful appartement.  
34662	Appartement de 80m², entièrement refait à neuf, au cœur du quartier piéton de Beaubourg. Double exposition, au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour les familles ou les groupes d'amis. 3 chambres avec 1 lit double, 1 lit simple et 1 lit enfant (70x160cm). Possibilité d'utiliser le canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon pour personnes supplémentaires (20 € par personne). Lit pour bébé sur demande. Salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Belle cuisine indépendante.	Appartement chaleureux et confortable au centre de Paris, très pratique, tout à proximité à pied ou en transports ! Dans cet appartement, douceur de vivre et confort vous attendent avec  3 chambres, salon, cuisine indépendante et salle de bains. Appartement de 80m², entièrement refait à neuf, au cœur du quartier piéton de Beaubourg. Double exposition, au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour les familles ou les groupes d'amis. 3 chambres avec 1 lit double, 1 lit simple et 1 lit enfant (70x160cm). Possibilité d'utiliser le canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon pour personnes supplémentaires (20 € par personne). Lit pour bébé sur demande. Salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Belle cuisine indépendante. Une bouteille de vin est offerte à votre arrivée ! Cuisine avec micro-ondes, plaques à induction, four, lave-vaisselle et chaises hautes pour enfants. Salle de bains avec baignoire, sèche-cheveux et lave-linge. Salon avec vidéo-projecteur, internet WiFi et canapé convertible 2 place
34663		Bel appartement au cœur du Marais, idéalement situé entre Saint-Paul et Bastille. Charmant, spacieux, calme, lumineux, agréable. Salle de bain en duplex.  Parfait pour séjour / vacances à Paris. Location d'au moins trois jours souhaitée.
34664		In the heart of the Marais, in a quiet pedestrian street and 2 steps from the Pompidou Centre, CHATELET, and MainRivoli Street,  this newly furnished and very cozy studio satisfy , I hope all your expectations.
34665	Beautiful studio of 26 square meters located on the 2nd floor without elevator. The apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. The apartment has a very comfortable double bed (140X190) can accommodate sleeping  No smoker No pets	Beautiful studio of 26 square meters located on the 2nd floor without elevator. The apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. The apartment has a very comfortable double bed (140X190) can accommodate sleeping  No smoker No pets
34666	In a design and minimalist decor , this apartment offers all the comfort and technology possible . Equipped with a cinema screen and a high-end sound system in the room and in the living room as in the cinema . It is located in the Marais , popular district of Paris and especially gorgeous !! Most: In the center of Paris , very well connected by metro and buses. At 1 min from the Place des Vosges 5 minutes from the Hotel de Ville 10 minutes from the Place du Châtelet 10 minutes from the Place de la Bastille	The Appartment is Located In the heart of Le Marais , the most beautiful area of Paris .  Shop , restaurants , park and many other places in Le Marais , it's like a village .  Museum like Picasso , the house of Victor Hugo Near to place des Vosges In a design and minimalist decor , this apartment offers all the comfort and technology possible . Equipped with a cinema screen and a high-end sound system in the room and in the living room as in the cinema . It is located in the Marais , popular district of Paris and especially gorgeous !! Most: In the center of Paris , very well connected by metro and buses. At 1 min from the Place des Vosges 5 minutes from the Hotel de Ville 10 minutes from the Place du Châtelet 10 minutes from the Place de la Bastille Internet , ipod connexion , toaster, orange squeezer , iron , washing machine
34667	In one of the oldest house in Paris, a totally refurbished apartment for two. A lovenest in the most central area of Paris with a direct view on the river, pedestrian access to some of the exciting sites of the city. You benefit from a modern comfort in a nearly three centuries old building with access to a fully equiped kitchen, a spacious bathroom with a washing machine, a livingroom with a dining table for four, a large closet, TV, Wifi and a safe. There is a foldable bed (150x200) that disappears into the wall, but is a real good bed ...	Situated on the Ile Saint Louis facing the river Seine and located in between the right and left banks of Paris, this typical 17th century hostelry offers you a superb and romantic Parisian 
34668	Appartement type loft : cuisine US ouverte sur le salon avec grande hauteur sous plafond (4 mètres !). Accès à la mezzanine par escalier intérieur	île Saint-Louis, charmant appartement dans un immeuble XVIIIème avec le charme de l'ancien : poutres et pierres apparentes Appartement type loft + combles aménagées en mezzanine. Salon cathédrale avec grande hauteur sous plafond (4 mètres !) Appartement très lumineux avec 3 fenêtres. Orientation Sud et Ouest. Aucun vis-à-vis. Vue sur les monuments de Paris : Panthéon, Notre Dame, Tour Eiffel.... L'appartement est meublé et équipé : 2 lits 140x190cm, douche, wc, cuisine US équipée (plaques de cuisson, four, micro-onde, lave-linge, casseroles et poele, assiettes, verres et couverts...) Pour 1 à 4 personnes. Un pied à terre idéal dans le Paris historique ! Charming flat very well located on the Ile-Saint-Louis ! Fully furnished with 2 beds. For 1 to 4 persons. Cosy and quiet flat on the last floor. You can enjoy a great view on the monuments of Paris: Panthéon, Notre Dame, Eiffel...  A great localization in the heart of the old Paris, close to the Seine and Notre Dame ! Very practical for
34669	Simple, well equipped, ideal for a small family at a reasonable price	Very well located studio  in the Marais, St Paul metro. Two steps from the Rue des Rosiers, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame. The studio is on ground floor courtyard, quiet. double bed in mezzanine, double sofa bed and extra bed.
34670	The apartment includes two bedrooms with double beds, a large living room of 30 m2 (with a single bed), a dining room, a bathroom (shower and bath), a fully equipped kitchen and a large entrance. This property sleeps up to 6 people, with the addition of a floor mattress.	Wood floor, mouldings, old fireplaces and a large living room make this 110 m2 flat a typical Haussmann one. Located in the heart of Paris, this very comfortable flat sleeps up to 6 people and offers easy access to all major Paris must-see. The apartment includes two bedrooms with double beds, a large living room of 30 m2 (with a single bed), a dining room, a bathroom (shower and bath), a fully equipped kitchen and a large entrance. This property sleeps up to 6 people, with the addition of a floor mattress. You will have access to the whole place. I do travel a lot and rent flat in all cities I visit, I know how it is important to get advised by local people. It will be a pleasure for me to welcome you in Paris and give tips and advice to make you discover my city in the best way. I used to study History of Art in Paris, I know by heart all museums schedules, tips not to queue, and many unknown monuments and art places. The apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Marais distri
34671		Au cœur du Marais, Appartement cosy, et fonctionnel, donnant sur une cour intérieure. Idéal pour profiter de Paris dans les meilleurs conditions. Proche de 2 stations de métro, de nombreux commerces et restaurants. J'ai également un clic-clac... Vous avez accès à tout le logement Il y a toute les commodités pour passer un agréable séjour à proximité tel que plusieurs magasins d'alimentation, le BHV à deux pas... Il y a plusieurs ligne de métro à proximité (Hôtel de Ville, Rambuteau...), une station vélib juste en bas...
34672	The apartment can accommodate two people, ideal for a couple. This accommodation is unique because it is in the heart of Paris, in the famous Marais district, close to the Line 1 and St Paul station. It is a cocoon, fully equipped, combining modernism and classicism.	"Discover a 28 sqm apartment in the heart of the Marais, Rue Saint-Paul, close to the ""St. Paul"" underground (line 1). This real living, fully equipped, sleeps two. In the center of Paris, it is both chic and cozy. The apartment can accommodate two people, ideal for a couple. This accommodation is unique because it is in the heart of Paris, in the famous Marais district, close to the Line 1 and St Paul station. It is a cocoon, fully equipped, combining modernism and classicism. Guests have access to all apartment equipment :  large flat screen TV (LED), satellite, broadband wifi, washing machine, fan, iron and ironing board, bathtub and toilet, toiletries, linens provided (sheets, towels ...), French and international magazines, kitchen fully equipped, sofa bed with high quality mattress. The apartment is in a gated community with security code, in a quiet and very safe. You can talk with me by e-mail and telephone. I am available all day."
34673		Remarquablement situé à quelques pas de la célèbre cathédrale Notre Dame.
34674	Hello, You will be in the center of the center of Paris. Apartment of three rooms in an old building located in one of Europe's largest pedestrian restricted zone. It is at 2nd floor with a lift. The apartment has all possible equipment, from a broadband wireless, ... up to a bathroom with two sinks! Everything is close: 1 minute walk from the Museum of Modern Art Beaubourg Pompidou 8 minutes walk from Notre Dame 10 minutes to the Louvre Within walking distance of all of Paris, near the train to Versailles and Les Halles station is the largest node metro and RER to go around like Montmartre or Euro Disney. We are waiting for you arno 	Hello, You will be in the center of the center of Paris. Apartment of three rooms in an old building located in one of Europe's largest pedestrian restricted zone. It is at 2nd floor with a lift. The apartment has all possible equipment, from a broadband wireless, ... up to a bathroom with two sinks! Everything is close: 1 minute walk from the Museum of Modern Art Beaubourg Pompidou 8 minutes walk from Notre Dame 10 minutes to the Louvre Within walking distance of all of Paris, near the train to Versailles and Les Halles station is the largest node metro and RER to go around like Montmartre or Euro Disney. We are waiting for you arno 
34675	The kitchen is fully equipped, with a real oven. There is a dishwasher, a washing machine, a drying machine. There is wifi internet connexion and a TV. The bedroom has wooden floor, big closet. It has an en-suite modern bathroom with a shower and sink. The windows is equipped with electrical outside shutter to keep the room dark in the morning. The bed is is 160x200cm. The living room is very large, with 2 large windows on a very quiet street. The sofa is convertible into a very comfortable bed (160x200 cm). The flat has a lot of light, and is very calm. It is situated on the 3rd floor of a beautiful 18th century building, newly renovated (but there is sadly no elevator). I hope to see you soon in Paris!	"A beautiful apartment at the heart of Le Marais. The flat is 60 square meters, with one bedroom with en-suite bathroom, one big kitchen, a living room with a sofa-bed. It is very charming with antique furniture, fireplace, old ""tomettes"" on the floor The kitchen is fully equipped, with a real oven. There is a dishwasher, a washing machine, a drying machine. There is wifi internet connexion and a TV. The bedroom has wooden floor, big closet. It has an en-suite modern bathroom with a shower and sink. The windows is equipped with electrical outside shutter to keep the room dark in the morning. The bed is is 160x200cm. The living room is very large, with 2 large windows on a very quiet street. The sofa is convertible into a very comfortable bed (160x200 cm). The flat has a lot of light, and is very calm. It is situated on the 3rd floor of a beautiful 18th century building, newly renovated (but there is sadly no elevator). I hope to see you soon in Paris! It is ideally situated at the heart"
34676	Our apartment, 1st French floor (1st UK/2nd US = one flight of stairs to climb), was recently (May 2012) completely refurbished and tastefully decorated by a local architect.  It boasts an excellent location between the famous Place des Vosges and the Place du marché St. Catherine (both within a 2-minute walk). You will be within a 7-12 minute walk from the Notre Dame de Paris and the Louvre.  You will take advantage of all the vivid streets of the Marais near-by while still having quiet and restful nights at this apartment.   For stays of 6 and more nights, a bottle of champagne is offered.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price):  - FREE Wi-Fi internet - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties  - Hair dryer  - Iron/iron board  - Very comfortable mattresses - Memory foam and latex pillows  - A set of 3 towels per person - Shampoo, shower gel, soap - Dishwasher detergent - Washer detergent (for stays over 3 nights).    SLEEPS up to 4 people.  Ideal for couples or families. Our	MARAIS: a quiet, cozy and very clean modern one bedroom apartment welcomes you in the very historical center of Paris - Le Marais neighborhood - which dates back to XIII century and hosts many architectural masterpieces of the past.   Our apartment, 1st French floor (1st UK/2nd US = one flight of stairs to climb), was recently (May 2012) completely refurbished and tastefully decorated by a local architect.  It boasts an excellent location between the famous Place des Vosges and the Place du marché St. Catherine (both within a 2-minute walk). You will be within a 7-12 minute walk from the Notre Dame de Paris and the Louvre.  You will take advantage of all the vivid streets of the Marais near-by while still having quiet and restful nights at this apartment.   For stays of 6 and more nights, a bottle of champagne is offered.  WE PROVIDE (included in the price):  - FREE Wi-Fi internet - FREE fixed-line international calls to most counties  - Hair dryer  - Iron/iron board  - Very comfortabl
34677	"A very charming large loft 65m2 on the 3rd floor lies in a quiet area and in a fantastic 17th century Hotel Particulier with a lovely courtyard on Ile St Louis, right in the heart of Paris. This romantic nest has beautiful large wood beams. It is nicely furnished and well equipped, with a fire place, WiFi, cable TV, Dryer/Washing machine. You can easily stroll to Notre Dame Cathedral, Les Halles, Hotel de Ville, Latin Quarter, St Germain, Place de Vosges, Marais... The beautiful island is not only known for its history but for Berthillon one of the best ice cream in the world.  On the other end of the island you find an organic wine store ""L'ETIQUETTE"" with Harve and Franck who offer an enormous variety of bio wine and champagne. A must GO & TRY!!! They do wine tastings every Saturday. The best coffee in the area you find at ""Cafeotheque"": 52, rue de l’Hôtel-de-Ville 75004 Paris France The choice of coffee is fantastic and the smell of fresh grounded beans delicious. "	"A very charming large loft 65m2 on the 3rd floor lies in a quiet area and in a fantastic 17th century Hotel Particulier with a lovely courtyard on Ile St Louis, right in the heart of Paris. This romantic nest has beautiful large wood beams. It is nicely furnished and well equipped, with a fire place, WiFi, cable TV, Dryer/Washing machine. You can easily stroll to Notre Dame Cathedral, Les Halles, Hotel de Ville, Latin Quarter, St Germain, Place de Vosges, Marais... The beautiful island is not only known for its history but for Berthillon one of the best ice cream in the world.  On the other end of the island you find an organic wine store ""L'ETIQUETTE"" with Harve and Franck who offer an enormous variety of bio wine and champagne. A must GO & TRY!!! They do wine tastings every Saturday. The best coffee in the area you find at ""Cafeotheque"": 52, rue de l’Hôtel-de-Ville 75004 Paris France The choice of coffee is fantastic and the smell of fresh grounded beans delicious. Address, codes etc"
34678	"Beautiful  flat in Le Marais, Bastille. A beautiful apartment at the heart of Le Marais. The flat is 45 square meters, with one little bedroom and bathroom, one open kitchen, a living room with a sofa-bed. It is very charming luminous apatment, old ""tomettes"" on the floor in the kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped, with a  oven. There is a , a washing machine, a drying machine in the bathroom. There is wifi internet connexion and a TV. The flat has a lot of light, and is very calm. It is situated on the 5rd floor of a beautiful  building (no elevator) It is ideally situated at the heart of Le Marais, near place des Vosges and Bastille.  Surrounded by some very exciting shopping area. Everything you need is walking distance (food shops, groceries, cheese, wine shops, designer shops, bakeries, drugstores...) The Metro Stations are Chemin vert or Breget Sabin or Bastille. I hope to see you soon in Paris!"	"Beautiful  flat in Le Marais, Bastille. A beautiful apartment at the heart of Le Marais. The flat is 45 square meters, with one little bedroom and bathroom, one open kitchen, a living room with a sofa-bed. It is very charming luminous apatment, old ""tomettes"" on the floor in the kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped, with a  oven. There is a , a washing machine, a drying machine in the bathroom. There is wifi internet connexion and a TV. The flat has a lot of light, and is very calm. It is situated on the 5rd floor of a beautiful  building (no elevator) It is ideally situated at the heart of Le Marais, near place des Vosges and Bastille.  Surrounded by some very exciting shopping area. Everything you need is walking distance (food shops, groceries, cheese, wine shops, designer shops, bakeries, drugstores...) The Metro Stations are Chemin vert or Breget Sabin or Bastille. I hope to see you soon in Paris!"
34679		Vous revez de vivre une soirée comme  un vrai esquimau sans sortir de Paris.... Location exclusive une soirée du 11 au 12 octobre!! Contactez moi... mais vite avant que l'offre ne se réchauffe ...
34680	Charmant appartement dans le Marais en plein coeur de Paris avec une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Saint Jacques! Situé au 2ème étage d'un très bel immeuble avec ascenseur, chauffage collectif et grand balcon exposition sud/ouest. Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec un canapé lit équipé d'un matelas pour couchage permanent (140x200), un bureau, une bibliothèque, télévision, chaîne hifi connexion internet, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée avec lave linge, une grande salle de bain et une petite pièce séparée en guise de dressing. Linge fourni. Vous pourrez vous rendre à pied en 5 minutes à l'hôtel de ville, en 5 minutes à Chatelet, aux halles, en 10/15min à Saint Michel et place de l'Odéon. Métro Hôtel de Ville: lignes 1,11 Métro Châtelet : lignes 11,4,14,1 RER A,B,D 	Charmant appartement dans le Marais en plein coeur de Paris avec une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Saint Jacques! Situé au 2ème étage d'un très bel immeuble avec ascenseur, chauffage collectif et grand balcon exposition sud/ouest. Il est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre avec un canapé lit équipé d'un matelas pour couchage permanent (140x200), un bureau, une bibliothèque, télévision, chaîne hifi connexion internet, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée avec lave linge, une grande salle de bain et une petite pièce séparée en guise de dressing. Linge fourni. Vous pourrez vous rendre à pied en 5 minutes à l'hôtel de ville, en 5 minutes à Chatelet, aux halles, en 10/15min à Saint Michel et place de l'Odéon. Métro Hôtel de Ville: lignes 1,11 Métro Châtelet : lignes 11,4,14,1 RER A,B,D Attention pour un séjour supérieur à 1 mois les frais de ménage sont de 20€ supplémentaires à payer à la fin du séjour. 
34681	The view is exceptional as well as the district, calms down, alive and central	A lot of charm for this house which can welcome 6 people. A double bed of 140 X 190, a double bed of 160 X 200 and a sofa reads to be divided. The view on the place of Vosges is magic and romantic! The view is exceptional as well as the district, calms down, alive and central During the check-in, I take time to install(settle) at best the travelers. They can contact me at any time. Ideally placed at the heart of the Swamp the Place of Vosges offers a space aerated with admirable architecture of the XVIIth century Métro Saint Paul - Bastille
34682	"The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the famous, trendy, and chic neighborhood named ""Marais"", right next to the Georges Pompidou center. It is a charming flat on the 3rd floor, whose area is 43 m2. Very quiet, it consists of a living room with a sofa-bed, a bedroom with a very confortable queen size's bed (160cm), a lovely bathroom and a functional kitchen. You can use TV and wifi . Bed linen and towels are provided.  Its central position in the heart of Paris is perfect to visit the city on foot. Just a few minutes walk from the apartment, you will find the famous museum Le Louvre, the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, the romantic fountain Saint-Michel, Picasso Museum, Hôtel de Ville, Place des Vosges, the Seine quays, the Georges Pompidou center,  the church Saint Eustache, ...  If you love shopping, you can also go to the BHVmarais. The night, you can have a drink or eating out in the numerous restaurants of the neighborhood. Theatres, cinemas, nightclubs are also waiti"	"Exposed beams, floor tiles, excellent bedding, cute terrace, you will be charmed by this mervellous appartment localised in the very center of Paris, combining the authentic charm with modern comfort. Blow of heart assured ! The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the famous, trendy, and chic neighborhood named ""Marais"", right next to the Georges Pompidou center. It is a charming flat on the 3rd floor, whose area is 43 m2. Very quiet, it consists of a living room with a sofa-bed, a bedroom with a very confortable queen size's bed (160cm), a lovely bathroom and a functional kitchen. You can use TV and wifi . Bed linen and towels are provided.  Its central position in the heart of Paris is perfect to visit the city on foot. Just a few minutes walk from the apartment, you will find the famous museum Le Louvre, the cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, the romantic fountain Saint-Michel, Picasso Museum, Hôtel de Ville, Place des Vosges, the Seine quays, the Georges Pompidou center,  th"
34683	This cozy 32 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on Quai d Anjou in the 4th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 17th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 17th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom	This cozy 32 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on Quai d Anjou in the 4th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 17th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 17th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, intercom
34684	In a 17th century building secured by an intercom, this flat is on the 2nd floor without a lift and has a very high ceiling. A large entrance hall with a desk and antique furniture leading to two separate areas : private and reception. The private area includes two bedrooms (one for two adults with a double bed and a dressing room and one with a mezzanine and a single bed for a child or a teenager), one bathroom and one toilet which is separate. A washing-drying machine is in the hallway. The reception area includes a spacious living room with a large sofa composed of two separate meridians which allow two people to sleep. It also includes a dining room with an open kitchen fully equipped with all utilities. Living and dining rooms are separated by a Shoji room divider.	In one of the most typical area of Paris, a renewed flat which shares with its inhabitants its history. The best way to live like a parisian and to feel the atmosphere described by French authors such as Baudelaire who used to live one street away. In a 17th century building secured by an intercom, this flat is on the 2nd floor without a lift and has a very high ceiling. A large entrance hall with a desk and antique furniture leading to two separate areas : private and reception. The private area includes two bedrooms (one for two adults with a double bed and a dressing room and one with a mezzanine and a single bed for a child or a teenager), one bathroom and one toilet which is separate. A washing-drying machine is in the hallway. The reception area includes a spacious living room with a large sofa composed of two separate meridians which allow two people to sleep. It also includes a dining room with an open kitchen fully equipped with all utilities. Living and dining rooms are separ
34685		Perfect location to visit Paris, you are staying right in the center point. Notre Dame, Le Marais, Quartier Latin, le Louvre... are all walking distance. Small flat with bedroom on the upper floor newly refurbished. 
34686	Renovated studio in 2012 for 4 people with lift. Marais, near Place des Vosges. Once the Place was ready, Le Marais soon became the Mecca of high Society gatherings with the likes of Mme de Sévigné, Racine, La Fontaine and Molière. After a lengthy decline, Le Marais is now shining anew. visit the city and the museums on foot without waste of time right in the heart of the city in 10 minutes you have the island of the City(Estate), the Seine and its pleasure steamers, Beaubourg museum, Louvre, gardens of the Palais Royal, Théâtre du Châtelet and the City, 40 cinemas, the l'été:Paris-beach(l'été:Paris-range) on banks of the Seine, the famous street of Rivoli and the forum of the Halle. To eat of everything of MacDo to the small gourmet restaurants as well as pubs.studio secure (carries(wears) blindée+digicodes) Services(Performances) high range, television set flat screen, coffee machine, bedding top of the range, big shower cubicle with hydro-massageséquipé with a sofa bed 140 x very co	Renovated studio in 2012 for 4 people with lift. Marais, near Place des Vosges. Once the Place was ready, Le Marais soon became the Mecca of high Society gatherings with the likes of Mme de Sévigné, Racine, La Fontaine and Molière. After a lengthy decline, Le Marais is now shining anew. visit the city and the museums on foot without waste of time right in the heart of the city in 10 minutes you have the island of the City(Estate), the Seine and its pleasure steamers, Beaubourg museum, Louvre, gardens of the Palais Royal, Théâtre du Châtelet and the City, 40 cinemas, the l'été:Paris-beach(l'été:Paris-range) on banks of the Seine, the famous street of Rivoli and the forum of the Halle. To eat of everything of MacDo to the small gourmet restaurants as well as pubs.studio secure (carries(wears) blindée+digicodes) Services(Performances) high range, television set flat screen, coffee machine, bedding top of the range, big shower cubicle with hydro-massageséquipé with a sofa bed 140 x very co
34687	Bel appartement de 43m2 bien situé. Beaucoup de charme, lumineux et calme. Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais se situe à quelques minutes à pied. Parfait pour un couple. Bel appartement 2 pièces de 43m2 bien situé. Parfait pour un couple.Beaucoup de charme, lumineux et calme. Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais et la célèbre place des Vosges se situent à environ 15 minutes à pied. Le jardin des Plantes se situe également à environ 15 minutes à pied. Proche Gare TGV, métro, RER, Bus 	Bel appartement de 43m2 bien situé. Beaucoup de charme, lumineux et calme. Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais se situe à quelques minutes à pied. Parfait pour un couple. Bel appartement de 43m2 bien situé. Beaucoup de charme, lumineux et calme. Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais se situe à quelques minutes à pied. Parfait pour un couple. Bel appartement 2 pièces de 43m2 bien situé. Parfait pour un couple.Beaucoup de charme, lumineux et calme. Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais et la célèbre place des Vosges se situent à environ 15 minutes à pied. Le jardin des Plantes se situe également à environ 15 minutes à pied. Proche Gare TGV, métro, RER, Bus Proche de la place la Bastille, de la Gare de Lyon mais aussi du célèbre marché d'Aligre. Le quartier du Marais e
34688	The apartment is on a typical Parisian building. Access is secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 5th floor, without an elevator, with a beautiful view over the Seine. Layout The apartment in Paris has been renovated in 2014. It offers high quality amenities and has a 55 m2 surface. It consists of a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom and toilet. The main room / lounge, has a round table dinner for up to 6 people and a leather sofa with two armchairs. The sofa can be used as a single bed for a child or a young adult (170x75). The living-room has top of the range equipments : flat television (hidden behind sliding panels library) with cable TV channels, a DVD/Bluray with a very good sound system. For musicians, a beautiful piano (electric), allows them to practice their music in Paris. The kitchen is very modern and fully equipped with a steam oven, hob and large fridge.The bedroom, on the back of the apartment, has a double bed (160 * 200), a wardrobe an	 Contemporary 55 sqm 1-bedroom apartment with a balcony over the Seine River to rent for a couple with a child (or young adult) in Saint Louis Island !  The apartment is on a typical Parisian building. Access is secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 5th floor, without an elevator, with a beautiful view over the Seine. Layout The apartment in Paris has been renovated in 2014. It offers high quality amenities and has a 55 m2 surface. It consists of a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom and toilet. The main room / lounge, has a round table dinner for up to 6 people and a leather sofa with two armchairs. The sofa can be used as a single bed for a child or a young adult (170x75). The living-room has top of the range equipments : flat television (hidden behind sliding panels library) with cable TV channels, a DVD/Bluray with a very good sound system. For musicians, a beautiful piano (electric), allows them to practice their music in Paris. The kitchen is very
34689	amazing hotel's room, very clean with all commodities and the perfect location near marais. you will feel like at home. it is a room of 16 meter square like a hotel room	NEW Studio very modern and cosy like hotel room with all commodities in a very central area to have an unforgettable moment amazing hotel's room, very clean with all commodities and the perfect location near marais. you will feel like at home. it is a room of 16 meter square like a hotel room all in the flat i do my best and leave you a good impression, you can ask me anything at any time very central, in heart of the marais, near Bastille, Republique, Chatelet-les halls, Notre Dame. You can do everything by walk. All restaurants and bar and animation are downstair Rambuteau (ligne 11) art et métier (art et métier) Hotel de ville (ligne 1) Chatelet les halles (ligne 1, 4) nothing
34690	 Cet appartement, situé dans un hotel particulier,  totalement rénové et aménagé avec des matériaux de qualité,  vous apportera après vos escapades  un environnement chaleureux et reposant.Vous bénéficiez d'un quartier animé et commerçant tout en profitant du calme de l'appartement donnant sur cour. En plein cœur du quartier typique du Marais. Vous n'aurez que l'embarras du choix en restaurants et en balades dans ces rues réputées pour leurs boutiques atypiques. Vous pourrez également vous rendre facilement à pieds, Vélib ou métro (station St Paul , Hotel de Ville) voir les principaux sites touristiques de Paris: ile St Louis, Notre Dame, Louvre à 10 min à pied. 	 Cet appartement, situé dans un hotel particulier,  totalement rénové et aménagé avec des matériaux de qualité,  vous apportera après vos escapades  un environnement chaleureux et reposant.Vous bénéficiez d'un quartier animé et commerçant tout en profitant du calme de l'appartement donnant sur cour. En plein cœur du quartier typique du Marais. Vous n'aurez que l'embarras du choix en restaurants et en balades dans ces rues réputées pour leurs boutiques atypiques. Vous pourrez également vous rendre facilement à pieds, Vélib ou métro (station St Paul , Hotel de Ville) voir les principaux sites touristiques de Paris: ile St Louis, Notre Dame, Louvre à 10 min à pied. Métro hôtel de ville ou saint Paul le marais  RER châtelet pour atteindre Orly ou Roissy  Charles de Gaulle  Quartier très ani 
34691	Idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris, il est très charmant, calme, lumineux et cosy. Poutres apparentes. Il est très bien équipé et refait a neuf, au 1er étage d'un bel immeuble typique  du marais.	Idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris, il est très charmant, calme, lumineux et cosy. Poutres apparentes. Il est très bien équipé et refait a neuf, au 1er étage d'un bel immeuble typique  du marais. Le marais est un quartier très vivant avec des nombreux bars tendance et des très bons restaurants. les petites rues piétonnes pleines de charme. on y trouve de nombreux musées et sites culturels. il est idéalement situé près des nombreux monuments comme NOTRE DAME, BEAUBOURG, HOTEL DE VILLE, MUSEE DU LOUVRE.....  Metro Hôtel de ville à 1 minute à pied , métro Saint Paul à 1 minute à pied , métro Chatelet à 5 minutes à pied.  
34692	This large studio is on one of the two islands, in the very center of Paris. The apartment building, built in 1643 is on the Seine, is one of the most romantic, old-world addresses in Paris.  Today the Ile Saint-Louis is one of the most authentic and unaffected 17th- and 18th-century neighborhoods in Paris.  The 372 year old building is on the Seine, and the apartment with a courtyard view, a total of 47m2. The studio is a good size, 37m2 downstairs and separate large comfortable 10m2 (12'x12') sleeping loft upstairs.  The main room has 11 ft ceilings, tall windows with open wooden beams with ivy planter boxes outside the window.  As you exit the building you're on the Seine once again. The river is beautiful and tranquil at all times of the year with the riverboats coming and going. A very special area of Paris.  The pictures enclosed tell all. The building is on the Seine facing the Marais in the very centre of Paris. This location is very close to the Pont Marie bridge over the Sein	This apartment is on one of the two islands in the very center of Paris. This apartment building was built in 1643 on the Seine and is one of the most romantic, old world addresses in Paris. This large studio is on one of the two islands, in the very center of Paris. The apartment building, built in 1643 is on the Seine, is one of the most romantic, old-world addresses in Paris.  Today the Ile Saint-Louis is one of the most authentic and unaffected 17th- and 18th-century neighborhoods in Paris.  The 372 year old building is on the Seine, and the apartment with a courtyard view, a total of 47m2. The studio is a good size, 37m2 downstairs and separate large comfortable 10m2 (12'x12') sleeping loft upstairs.  The main room has 11 ft ceilings, tall windows with open wooden beams with ivy planter boxes outside the window.  As you exit the building you're on the Seine once again. The river is beautiful and tranquil at all times of the year with the riverboats coming and going. A very special
34693	Le quartier est génial. En plein coeur de Paris, collé à Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, au Marais, nous sommes aussi à quelques pas du Louvre et des Tuileries.  Le fait d'être très central est aussi un immense avantage : vous serez partout dans Paris en moins de 30 mn ! Il suffit principalement d'arriver à Châtelet, la plus grosse station de la ville, et nous vous guiderons à bon port !	Le quartier est génial. En plein coeur de Paris, collé à Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, au Marais, nous sommes aussi à quelques pas du Louvre et des Tuileries.  Le fait d'être très central est aussi un immense avantage : vous serez partout dans Paris en moins de 30 mn ! Il suffit principalement d'arriver à Châtelet, la plus grosse station de la ville, et nous vous guiderons à bon port !
34694	"My 32 square meter apartment is situated in the heart of ""Le Marais"".  In this area you will feel Paris historical pulse: a mix of old buildings and modern facilities and shops.   The apartment is on the 5th floor, and you'll find inside:     - A sweet  living space with a nice outlook  on the street and a wonderful view on ""La Bastille"" and Parisian rooftops. COMFY CHAIRS AND SOFA !   -  An american kitchen including microwave, fridge, toaster and everything you need to cook and eat the ""Parisian Way"".   - One bedroom including a doublesize bed, CLEAN sheets and SOFT pillows.    - A modern bathroom (soaps / towels/ paper) Bonuses : a nice guitare to play with !                                         ********************* OUTSIDE: Discovered nearby, and 2 minutes between 10 minutes walk: Contemporary art galleries  Maison Européenne de la Photographie  Centre Beaubourg  Musée Carnavalet  Picasso Museum  Place des Vosges  The Ile Saint Louis  Shopping / BHV  and a SECRET PLACE I will i"	"A modern and comfy appt, perfectly located in the heart of one of Paris most lively and charming neighbourhood: ""La Marais"".  You'll have easy access to Paris main historical and arts museums, lots of fashion shops and food markets. Bienvenue ! My 32 square meter apartment is situated in the heart of ""Le Marais"".  In this area you will feel Paris historical pulse: a mix of old buildings and modern facilities and shops.   The apartment is on the 5th floor, and you'll find inside:     - A sweet  living space with a nice outlook  on the street and a wonderful view on ""La Bastille"" and Parisian rooftops. COMFY CHAIRS AND SOFA !   -  An american kitchen including microwave, fridge, toaster and everything you need to cook and eat the ""Parisian Way"".   - One bedroom including a doublesize bed, CLEAN sheets and SOFT pillows.    - A modern bathroom (soaps / towels/ paper) Bonuses : a nice guitare to play with !                                         ********************* OUTSIDE: Discovered ne"
34695	Studio in the heart of Marais, Paris. It is small cozy studio, perfect for a couple or single person.  If you looking for luxury, this is not the best place for you. If you are looking for a nice time in the cozy traditional Parisian way, this studio is perfect and location will give you easy access to do go easily everywhere in a walking distance. The apartment is very bright, on the 5th floor (no elevator), with two big windows turned to the beautiful Parisian Place du Marché Sainte-Catherine with nice view. You will have an access to internet on wireless (it's a public wifi, the speed will depend on network traffic). The kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, refrigerator and freezer, a little oven and a Tea kettle. All eq. for cooking available. Bathroom with a shower, towels and sheets are provided by me.  The bed is couch bed ( bought in June 2014). Located in a perfect area of the Marais, just next to Place de Vosges. The closest metro stations are Saint Paul (line number 1)	It is small cozy studio, perfect for a couple or single person.  If you are looking for a nice time in a traditional Parisian way, this studio is perfect and location is great! Is a simple studio with all you need for sleep and cook. Studio in the heart of Marais, Paris. It is small cozy studio, perfect for a couple or single person.  If you looking for luxury, this is not the best place for you. If you are looking for a nice time in the cozy traditional Parisian way, this studio is perfect and location will give you easy access to do go easily everywhere in a walking distance. The apartment is very bright, on the 5th floor (no elevator), with two big windows turned to the beautiful Parisian Place du Marché Sainte-Catherine with nice view. You will have an access to internet on wireless (it's a public wifi, the speed will depend on network traffic). The kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, refrigerator and freezer, a little oven and a Tea kettle. All eq. for cooking available. Ba
34696	"The apartment has 35m2, located in a building with enhanced security (two doors at the entrance with electronic code), was divided into a small room and a super comfortable lounge with expansive views to the street Geoffroy L'Angevin. Their logs apparent ceiling timbers, typical of the buildings in the Marais district dating from the 17th and 18th century, and its tasteful decor give the apartment a very special charm. It has: 1 bedroom with double bed; 1 room with futon (convertible to toddler bed), 2 comfortable armchairs design, coffee table, large wardrobe; 1 kitchen, all in black marble with various utensils, toaster, coffee maker, refrigerator and freezer, large oven and modern glass ceramic plates; 1 bathroom, beige marble, with heater (which also serves to dry the towels) and spacious showers. The apartment, recently renovated, is situated in a quiet street, rue Geoffroy L'Angevin, corner with the famous Rue du Temple, famous for its variety of boutiques, bars and typical ""bras"	The apartment has 35m2, located in a building with enhanced security (two doors at the entrance with electronic code), was divided into a small room and a super comfortable lounge with expansive view to the street Geoffroy L'Angevin The apartment has 35m2, located in a building with enhanced security (two doors at the entrance with electronic code), was divided into a small room and a super comfortable lounge with expansive views to the street Geoffroy L'Angevin. Their logs apparent ceiling timbers, typical of the buildings in the Marais district dating from the 17th and 18th century, and its tasteful decor give the apartment a very special charm. It has: 1 bedroom with double bed; 1 room with futon (convertible to toddler bed), 2 comfortable armchairs design, coffee table, large wardrobe; 1 kitchen, all in black marble with various utensils, toaster, coffee maker, refrigerator and freezer, large oven and modern glass ceramic plates; 1 bathroom, beige marble, with heater (which also se
34697	Most beautiful  and historical part of  Marais  area  (75004), 5minutes walk to Seine river, you find this     charming 30m2 's   2 rooms   appartement with Bathroom ( with window!), kicken, free WIFI internet connexion  bathing in  Sunshine ( 3 windows) and  very Quiet (rare for very middle Marais area).   Next to  typical Parisien cafes  and shops, also  next to Bio food market nearlist tube station  is  Hotel de Ville / St Paul, ( direct to Champs-elysee, Chatelet, Batille etc..)   1min  from Bus station  for line  (phone number hidden) mn walk to Seine River, 7 mn walk to pompidou center next to  supermarket ( rare in Marais) for your  everyday needs we provide  towels sheets,   open on Sunday too. Bed+matrasse for 2 personnes  is   from Muji shop  ( size 128 X 194)  all the charme is here  to  enjoy  Paris and have  a  quiet reste  300euros 's security deposit will required trough airbnb. which will be returned at after your departure by Airbnb  if no dammaged objets. I'm sure you	Most beautiful  and historical part of  Marais  area  (75004), 5minutes walk to Seine river, you find this     charming 30m2 's   2 rooms   appartement with Bathroom ( with window!), kicken, free WIFI internet connexion  bathing in  Sunshine ( 3 windows) and  very Quiet (rare for very middle Marais area).   Next to  typical Parisien cafes  and shops, also  next to Bio food market nearlist tube station  is  Hotel de Ville / St Paul, ( direct to Champs-elysee, Chatelet, Batille etc..)   1min  from Bus station  for line  (phone number hidden) mn walk to Seine River, 7 mn walk to pompidou center next to  supermarket ( rare in Marais) for your  everyday needs we provide  towels sheets,   open on Sunday too. Bed+matrasse for 2 personnes  is   from Muji shop  ( size 128 X 194)  all the charme is here  to  enjoy  Paris and have  a  quiet reste  300euros 's security deposit will required trough airbnb. which will be returned at after your departure by Airbnb  if no dammaged objets. I'm sure you
34698		The studio is in the heart of Paris' most sought after neighbourhood, Le Marais.  Is deserved by the metro LINE 1(St Paul - 3min walk).  A five minute walk will get you to Notre Dame and its two blocks away from the Seine River. Le Marais is now one of Paris' main localities for art galleries. Following its rehabilitation, the Marais has become a fashionable district, home to many trendy restaurants, fashion houses, and hype galleries. It spreads across parts of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements in Paris (on the Rive Droite, or Right Bank, of the Seine). Metro: St Paul (Line 1) Pont Marie (Line 7)
34699	Located 17 rue du Temple, right in the Marais neighborhood, 5 min walk to Notre Dame cathedral, 2 min walk from Beaubourg Museum and 10 min walk from La Place des Vosges. A full equiped kitchen and bathroom, large living room with view to the street.	I rent my room in a 3 bedrooms apt located rue du Temple. Located 17 rue du Temple, right in the Marais neighborhood, 5 min walk to Notre Dame cathedral, 2 min walk from Beaubourg Museum and 10 min walk from La Place des Vosges. A full equiped kitchen and bathroom, large living room with view to the street. You will share the apt with my 2 others roomates, who have their own  bedrooms. I plan my things to always be present the day you're coming to share with you everything you should/wannna know about the apt and the neighborhood (good restaurants, markets, bars, fun stuffs, museums, cinemas etc...). I only rent my room when I'm leaving abroad, so we must see each other before, once I'm gone I'm gone. For those who would like to rent it in in the middle of my available dates, I'm sorry to inform you that I can't.  :( Nothing, in Paris, is more than 30 minutes away from my place. That's the best thing of living in a central place. Metro line 1 (Paris East and West)  and line 11 (North W
34700	"If necessary, the apartment is equipped with 2 sofas which can accommodate 2 additional guests. Note: there is no proper ""entrance"" in the apartment: the entry door is in the bedroom (see pictures)"	"Nice apartment in the Quartier Latin, 200m from Notre Dame. The apartment has one bedroom equipped with a double bed and a desk, one big living room/kitchen fully equipped and one bathroom with bath and toilets (in total: 42 sq. m). If necessary, the apartment is equipped with 2 sofas which can accommodate 2 additional guests. Note: there is no proper ""entrance"" in the apartment: the entry door is in the bedroom (see pictures) We will be away during your stay, but might be there at the beginning to give you the keys and welcome you. If not, Alizée's sister, Océane, who lives in Paris as well will meet you upon arrival. We and Océane will be happy to share with you our favorite places in Paris. Located in the heart of Paris, in the ""Quartier Latin"", our flat is 2min by walk from Notre Dame. Our street is one of the most bustling street in Paris with a lot of bars, restaurants, shops, theaters, etc. Nevertheless, being located between 2 courtyards, the apartment is very quiet. The apartm"
34701	Il s'agit d'une chambre de 14m2 au sein de l'appartement dans lequel nous habitons.  	Chambre dans notre appartement à Paris dans le Marais Il s'agit d'une chambre de 14m2 au sein de l'appartement dans lequel nous habitons. Le voyageur aura accès à la salle de bain, aux toilettes, ainsi qu'à la cuisine de notre appartement, à condition de les laisser dans un état parfait de propreté après chaque utilisation. Nous répondrons à toutes les questions des voyageurs auxquelles il nous sera possible de répondre. Métro : ligne 1 ,  Bus : 96, Le fait que le voyageur ait accès à la cuisine ne signifie pas que la nourriture est fournie. Des photos de la chambre seront mises en ligne le 4 ou le 5 septembre 2015. Merci de votre patience.
34702	Enjoy a chic Parisian getaway in my classic studio in the center of Paris. Perfect for a couple or two friends..one queen size bed with 12 foot ceilings and windows, fireplace, separate kitchen equipped with everything necessary for cooking..washing machine, bathroom, shower, clean sheets and towels..shelving for your things(my clothing and personal belongings will be removed during your stay)..   Je parle français et anglais.	PROMO: If you book for around 2 weeks or more in July/August, I will negociate a better price!! Enjoy a chic Parisian getaway in my classic studio in the center of Paris. Perfect for a couple or two friends..one queen size bed with 12 foot ceilings and windows, fireplace, separate kitchen equipped with everything necessary for cooking..washing machine, bathroom, shower, clean sheets and towels..shelving for your things(my clothing and personal belongings will be removed during your stay)..   Je parle français et anglais. I am always available by call, text, email, and airbnb message. Rue le Regrattier located on the prestigious Ile-Saint-Louis in the VERY center of Paris. Surrounded by authentic cheese fromageries, boulangeries, and markets. Don't forget the delicious Berthillon ice cream and amazing restaurants and cafés. 5 minutes walking distance from Notre Dame, 8 minutes from the Marais and Latin Quarter. Very close to the Pont Marie metro stop on the 7 line, the Saint Paul metro 
34703	Découvrez Paris d’une manière unique en séjournant dans une petite maisonnette sur L’Ile Saint Louis, chose rare. Ce duplex de 2 pièces de 34 m² entièrement rénové dans les règles de l’art - conservant ses pierres murales et son parquet d’origine au 1er étage - a été aménagé avec des matériaux et du mobilier de très grande qualité,  pour vous permettre de séjourner confortablement et de vous sentir comme chez vous. Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple ou une famille avec 2 enfants, il peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Au rez-de-chaussée, vous trouverez  -une pièce de séjour comprenant un canapé convertible confortable de 140cm de large pour 2 personnes très facile à déplier et une table basse, une petite table dînatoire avec 2 chaises ainsi que 2 tabourets pliants (si vous êtes 4),  -un bar avec 2 tabourets hauts, un meuble avec TV, -une cuisine toute équipée (lavante-séchante, lave-vaisselle, combiné réfrigérateur – congélateur, micro-ondes combiné four, machine à café Nespress	Spend your vacation in the heart of Paris, on the famous Saint Louis Island, a few minutes from Notre Dame! This 17th century  1 BR house/duplex is located in a nice and quiet courtyard and has been entirely renovated and refurbished beginning 2015. Enjoy discovering Paris in a unique way while staying in a cute tiny house on the Ile Saint Louis. This 34 square meters/ 365 square feet 2 floors house has been entirely renovated keeping the original stone walls , the hardwood floors on the first floor and is equipped with highest quality furniture, lighting and artwork to make you feel good in a sweet home. This place is ideal for  a couple or a small family and can host up to 4 people. On the ground floor, you will find a lovely decorated living room with a modern sofa bed, dining table and bar, a fully equipped kitchen (washing and drying machine, dishwasher, fridge, microwave/oven, refrigerator/freezer, Nespresso machine,…) and also a very tiny but nice and fully equipped bathroom wit
34704	Eugènie Studio the perfect pad in the heart of Paris a romantic getaway for two or perfect for a family with too young children or three adults. A brand new renovation Eugènie has been cleverly designed to feel very spacious in a cozy space. A mezzanine level accessed by a secure step ladder sleeps two very comfortably The pull out sofa bed sleeps a further 2 children or one adult. The galley kitchen houses all you need to eat in with the added bonus of a washing machine. Eugèine provides internet Tv and long distance free calls from land to land. Quietly tucked away on the ground floor with a view onto the courtyard a nice place to come home to at the end of a very busy day on the bustling streets of Paris. 	Eugènie Studio the perfect pad in the heart of Paris a romantic getaway for two or perfect for a family with too young children or three adults. A brand new renovation Eugènie has been cleverly designed to feel very spacious in a cozy space. A mezzanine level accessed by a secure step ladder sleeps two very comfortably The pull out sofa bed sleeps a further 2 children or one adult. The galley kitchen houses all you need to eat in with the added bonus of a washing machine. Eugèine provides internet Tv and long distance free calls from land to land. Quietly tucked away on the ground floor with a view onto the courtyard a nice place to come home to at the end of a very busy day on the bustling streets of Paris. The apartment is fully at your disposal we want you to feel at home respecting our pad so future Guests can enjoy a nice tradition at our Eugénie… Once a reservation has been made and our House Rules have been agreed by you we send you a detailed arrival and direction document dire
34705	THE APARTMENT HAS BEEN RECENTLY COMPLETELY REDONE, SO NOW IT IS LIKE NEW.  Location: Paris Arrondissement 4, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (4th District - Le Marais, close to rue des Rosiers and Place de Vosges) with INTERNET and TV. Accommodations: Apartment, 1 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom with WC, Sleeps 1-3 Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris! Very central ! The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district. Close to rue des Rosiers and Place de Vosges, this very luminous 82 sq. ft (25 m2) apartment sits in an historical building up three flights of stairs. The building is located just in front of the beautiful Saint Paul church, on which the apartment has the view, a few steps from the subway stop Saint Paul. The entrance opens onto the living room, in which antique and modern furnishing creates a unique atmosphere and where you can find a convertible sofa-bed (for 2 adults). T	Next to Place de Vosges, this luminous apartment sits in an historical building located just in front of the beautiful Saint Paul church, on which the apartment has the view, a few steps from the subway stop Saint Paul.    THE APARTMENT HAS BEEN RECENTLY COMPLETELY REDONE, SO NOW IT IS LIKE NEW.  Location: Paris Arrondissement 4, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (4th District - Le Marais, close to rue des Rosiers and Place de Vosges) with INTERNET and TV. Accommodations: Apartment, 1 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom with WC, Sleeps 1-3 Enjoy the city like a local parisian, while staying in one of the most authentic and vibrant neighbourhoods in Paris! Very central ! The flat is located at the heart of the trendy Marais district. Close to rue des Rosiers and Place de Vosges, this very luminous 82 sq. ft (25 m2) apartment sits in an historical building up three flights of stairs. The building is located just in front of the beautiful Saint Paul church, on which the apartment has the
34706	PLEASE SEND A MSG BEFORE BOOKING REQUEST. THANK YOU. IT'S AN APARTMENT FOR GUESTS. I DON'T LIVIE THERE:) One step out, you are right in the center of Le Marais( and not the edge!), the most historical and charming part of Paris with of lots of old architecture and museums. It is surrounded by trendy cafes, restos, boutiques... This  charming 18th century apartment was entirely redone keeping  the character and charm of its original features. It is pretty, clean, bright and quiet. It is a quaint apartment, lots of light from six large windows, overlooking an inner courtyard near a green lawn, plants, trees and birds. Although the apartment is in a very lively area, it is very quiet as it is in the back of the court yard and all the windows are double-insulated.  The apartment is not big (40m2) but has separate bedrooms so it can be used for 2 couples or 1 couple with children. ( The latter case is ideal as there is no closet space in the 2nd bed room). Main bed room has a queen size bed	-Le Marais, the oldest, most charming & trendy part of Paris center.  -Subway & commercial street=2min walk -VERY quiet & bright. -2 flights up w/o elevator -Size=40m2 -2 rooms(1 queen, 1 sofa double, 1 foldable single) -Well heated in winter PLEASE SEND A MSG BEFORE BOOKING REQUEST. THANK YOU. IT'S AN APARTMENT FOR GUESTS. I DON'T LIVIE THERE:) One step out, you are right in the center of Le Marais( and not the edge!), the most historical and charming part of Paris with of lots of old architecture and museums. It is surrounded by trendy cafes, restos, boutiques... This  charming 18th century apartment was entirely redone keeping  the character and charm of its original features. It is pretty, clean, bright and quiet. It is a quaint apartment, lots of light from six large windows, overlooking an inner courtyard near a green lawn, plants, trees and birds. Although the apartment is in a very lively area, it is very quiet as it is in the back of the court yard and all the windows are doub
34707		Ideal for two people, the studio is very quiet and ideally situated in the middle of the Marais.  
34708	What makes this space unique is that it is really for people that like fine things, a great location, if you are coming to enjoy the Ile, and you want to have comfort to come and sleep and eat, then go hit the town for a great price this is it. This is not for students.	The finest quality of all sorts in a mini little pied de terre. Pillows , blankets linens, cutlery, dishes, full sized real refrigerator, with a little outdoor mini terrrasse! One the first floor! What makes this space unique is that it is really for people that like fine things, a great location, if you are coming to enjoy the Ile, and you want to have comfort to come and sleep and eat, then go hit the town for a great price this is it. This is not for students. You will have access to everything in the flat, if you want to shop and cook and use the private little terrasse for your breakfast, or lunch or drinks after visiting the city, its private.  the there is a sofa which is a bed for one person, a real bed. and the loft upstairs for two. Also great for a Young couple with a little one on a budget because of the size not quality. As much or as little as you like! If you do not know this neighborhood, you would be doing yourself a serious disservice not to see the magic and beauty o
34709		En plein cœur du Marais. Chambre calme. Salle de Bain. WC séparé. Grand (website hidden), Wifi. Cuisine. Draps et linge de toilette fournis.
34710	Nice 2 bedrooms in the hearts of Marais	In front of the Archives de Paris, beauty and HIGH STANDING TWO BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, with capacity for 6 people; fully kitchen, 5th floor WITH ELEVATOR, the amazing view and all the comfort that you need in the heart of the Marais Area  Nice 2 bedrooms in the hearts of Marais 5th floor with elevator, very charming and amazing view Marais a very chic, charming and cosmopolitan, in the city center 
34711	"Located right in the center of Paris in the 4th ""arrondissement"", probably the best area of Paris: Le Marais. It is centrally located with plenty points of Interest within walking distance.  Le Marais is the historic quarter of Paris with many restaurants, bars, museums. The nightlife is probably the best in the city.  Many places to visit (within walking distance) in this lovely area such as the Picasso museum, the jewish quarter with ""la rue des Rosiers"", place des Vosges, Hotel de Ville (city hall), Pompidou museum, Saint Germain des Prés, l'ile Saint louis, Cathedral Notre Dame, the Louvre. Transportation is easy with the main metro lines 50m away and bike stations close by (Velib) The appartment is 62sqm, 2 bedrooms (1 master queen size room + 1 bunk beds bedroom) , Living room , fully equipped: ADSL, Flat screen TV, PC... Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, stove with oven, fridge), 1.5 bathroom.  Modern style decorated but with original hardwood floors and molde"	"Located right in the center of Paris in the 4th ""arrondissement"", probably the best area of Paris: Le Marais. It is centrally located with plenty points of Interest within walking distance.  Le Marais is the historic quarter of Paris with many restaurants, bars, museums. The nightlife is probably the best in the city.  Many places to visit (within walking distance) in this lovely area such as the Picasso museum, the jewish quarter with ""la rue des Rosiers"", place des Vosges, Hotel de Ville (city hall), Pompidou museum, Saint Germain des Prés, l'ile Saint louis, Cathedral Notre Dame, the Louvre. Transportation is easy with the main metro lines 50m away and bike stations close by (Velib) The appartment is 62sqm, 2 bedrooms (1 master queen size room + 1 bunk beds bedroom) , Living room , fully equipped: ADSL, Flat screen TV, PC... Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, stove with oven, fridge), 1.5 bathroom.  Modern style decorated but with original hardwood floors and molde"
34712	Very charming apartment in Le Marais, the center of PARIS. Rue des Francs Bourgeois, Just next to Place des Vosges. building from the 19th century. all in stone. Very parisian. 5th floor. lot of light. Balcony. with a view on parisian roofs. Very quiet. 55 m2. double living room. one bedroom on the courtyard (very quiet) 1 bathroom with shower. little kitchen seperated with dishwasher. washing machine. wifi. only little thing, there is no elevator. So keep you healthy! I can provide you a list of very nice restaurants in the area.	Very charming apartment in Le Marais, the center of PARIS. Rue des Francs Bourgeois, Just next to Place des Vosges. building from the 19th century. all in stone. Very parisian. 5th floor. lot of light. Balcony. with a view on parisian roofs. Very quiet. 55 m2. double living room. one bedroom on the courtyard (very quiet) 1 bathroom with shower. little kitchen seperated with dishwasher. washing machine. wifi. only little thing, there is no elevator. So keep you healthy! I can provide you a list of very nice restaurants in the area. Just next to Musée Carnavalet (Museum of history of Paris) Very close of Musée Picasso Very close of rue de Bretagne with all the fashionable bars The new contemporary art galleries area (around rue Saint Claude) Metro Saint Paul
34713	A CHARMING FLAT UNDER THE ROOFS... The flat has recently been renovated by a trendy designer and is fully-equiped with an open kitchen (kettle, fridge, microwave, pans...) and a sunny living room with views on the rooftops of Paris from every windows !  The living room has been refurnished since the pictures with a new dark sofa bed, large table, shelves and a hamock ! The cosy bathroom has a view on the rooftops of Paris and a large shower, WC. The separated room has a double bed (190 x 140 cm) and a large window. Bed sheets and towels are provided. The building as an elevator, but there are few steps to walk up to the last floor. No guests, no pet please. Three persons maximum in the flat. ...IN THE HEART OF PARIS : L'ILE SAINT-LOUIS In the heart of Ile Saint-Louis, the two rooms flat has an outstanding location.  A very quiet place in the middle of Paris, the Ile Saint-Louis is a village with a prestigious history, epitomized by its 17th century town houses. Very close to Notre-Dame	A charming cosy flat in the heart of Paris. If you are looking for a relaxing, romantic stay: This is THE place!  Plus, you are at a walking distance of the main attractions of Paris. A CHARMING FLAT UNDER THE ROOFS... The flat has recently been renovated by a trendy designer and is fully-equiped with an open kitchen (kettle, fridge, microwave, pans...) and a sunny living room with views on the rooftops of Paris from every windows !  The living room has been refurnished since the pictures with a new dark sofa bed, large table, shelves and a hamock ! The cosy bathroom has a view on the rooftops of Paris and a large shower, WC. The separated room has a double bed (190 x 140 cm) and a large window. Bed sheets and towels are provided. The building as an elevator, but there are few steps to walk up to the last floor. No guests, no pet please. Three persons maximum in the flat. ...IN THE HEART OF PARIS : L'ILE SAINT-LOUIS In the heart of Ile Saint-Louis, the two rooms flat has an outstanding
34714	Located rue st sauveur very near rue Montorgueil, this charming studio apartment is a few minutes away from Les Halles, in the Heart of the famous Montorgueil area with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and pubs. It's also within a short walking distance from main points of interest like : Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cité or Ile Saint Louis.  You will have the whole apartment to your selves this is not not a share  All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, wold level museums and lesser known places, just there for you to discover. The area is full of restaurants, cafes, bars and clubs, yet the apartment is completely noise free which is quite surprising in the heart of a city. You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the district is quite safe. You may meet casually movie actors, politicians, philosophs and opinions leaders. The Studio is in a 17th century building. The entrance gate i	Located rue st sauveur very near rue Montorgueil, this charming studio apartment is a few minutes away from Les Halles, in the Heart of the famous Montorgueil area Located rue st sauveur very near rue Montorgueil, this charming studio apartment is a few minutes away from Les Halles, in the Heart of the famous Montorgueil area with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and pubs. It's also within a short walking distance from main points of interest like : Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cité or Ile Saint Louis.  You will have the whole apartment to your selves this is not not a share  All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, wold level museums and lesser known places, just there for you to discover. The area is full of restaurants, cafes, bars and clubs, yet the apartment is completely noise free which is quite surprising in the heart of a city. You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the dis
34715	Perfect for couples or singles, it's fully equipped for short or mid durations visits. In the wide night area there's a comfortable double-bed; the charming living area has two armchairs, a tea table and a desk to write or work on. I you are a reader, feel free to have a look at my vast, multilanguage, bookshelf. 	Wonderfully positioned on the St. Louis island, in the very heart of Paris, 3 minutes walking from Notre-Dame, 5 minutes from the historic district of Marais, this large (39 square meters), luminous, silent studio apartment with separated kitchen!  Perfect for couples or singles, it's fully equipped for short or mid durations visits. In the wide night area there's a comfortable double-bed; the charming living area has two armchairs, a tea table and a desk to write or work on. I you are a reader, feel free to have a look at my vast, multilanguage, bookshelf.  If you need some suggestions about nice, hidden or not well-known places to visit in town, well, ask me!
34716	"The studio is a mini one bedroom of 323 sqft (30 m2) and best sleeps a single traveler.  It offers unlimited WiFi+Fiber Cable Internet+TV (CNN, BBC and much more channels available) access as well as an HP printer+scanner; a sunny living room w/ a large flat screen TV and a Bluray disc reader ; a roomy kitchen w/ an oven-microwave, a blender and a Nespresso machine (...what else?) ; a bathroom w/ a large shower and a separate toilet. A hard-wood floors hallway is distributing the rooms : it is furnished with a large double closet / dressing with two full-length mirrors and some space to store your luggage.  The single bed in the living room is a ""récamière - meridian day bed"", offering a top quality mattress, which can be used both as a bed and sofa (but when sleeping on it, with the absolute comfort of a proper bed). An Adirondack chair will allow you to sunbathe most of the afternoon, as the living room window faces direct shine with a charming view of the nearby typical parisian roo"	"Located on the 4th floor of a renovated Haussmannian building, the apt is a charming 1 BR, quite sunny and very quiet as it is oriented on a courtyard. There is an elevator. Each room (living, kitchen, bath, toilet) is separated and has a brand new double-glazed, openable window. The studio is a mini one bedroom of 323 sqft (30 m2) and best sleeps a single traveler.  It offers unlimited WiFi+Fiber Cable Internet+TV (CNN, BBC and much more channels available) access as well as an HP printer+scanner; a sunny living room w/ a large flat screen TV and a Bluray disc reader ; a roomy kitchen w/ an oven-microwave, a blender and a Nespresso machine (...what else?) ; a bathroom w/ a large shower and a separate toilet. A hard-wood floors hallway is distributing the rooms : it is furnished with a large double closet / dressing with two full-length mirrors and some space to store your luggage.  The single bed in the living room is a ""récamière - meridian day bed"", offering a top quality mattress, "
34717	Bel appartement avec tout confort et commodités, décoré luxueusement art déco années 30, moderne, fonctionnel, conviviale et confortable. Situé dans le quartier historique et huppé du Marais, face à la Mairie du 4eme arrondissement, en plein centre de Paris. Au 3eme étage sans ascenseur.  Il dispose d'une chambre à coucher avec un grand lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire, séjour avec un canapé réversible, une cuisine équipée et les toilette séparées. Pas de vis à vis. Télévision installée dans la chambre à (website hidden). Fibre optique.	Beaux appartement, décoration Art-Déco année 30. moderne, conviviale et confortable.  En plein centre, 8mn de marche de Notre-Dame. Idéal pour deux personnes. Il peut accueillir 4 personnes grâce au vrai canapé lit. Un supplément de 40€  pour 4 pers Bel appartement avec tout confort et commodités, décoré luxueusement art déco années 30, moderne, fonctionnel, conviviale et confortable. Situé dans le quartier historique et huppé du Marais, face à la Mairie du 4eme arrondissement, en plein centre de Paris. Au 3eme étage sans ascenseur.  Il dispose d'une chambre à coucher avec un grand lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire, séjour avec un canapé réversible, une cuisine équipée et les toilette séparées. Pas de vis à vis. Télévision installée dans la chambre à (website hidden). Fibre optique. Si vous êtes 2 personne, un grand placard dans la chambre est à votre disposition. Si vous êtes 3 ou 4 personnes un 2eme placard dans le séjour peut être met avorté disponibilité. Pendant votre séjour, 
34718	"Le studio, bien équipé et tout confort, est composé d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, une télévision, des rangements (armoire et commode), un coin repas (un bar pour manger ""sur le pouce""  ainsi qu'une table pour un savoureux tête à tête), cuisine ouverte avec réfrigérateur (+ partie congélateur), plaques de cuisson et set de cuisine (Grille-pain, Cafetière, Bouilloire..). Draps et serviettes de toilette à disposition."	"Studio typiquement parisien refait à neuf récemment,  situé au dernier étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble du 19e siècle, face à la tour Saint-Jacques. Il se compose d'un coin cuisine ouvert sur une lumineuse pièce à vivre et d'une s. de bain. Le studio, bien équipé et tout confort, est composé d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, une télévision, des rangements (armoire et commode), un coin repas (un bar pour manger ""sur le pouce""  ainsi qu'une table pour un savoureux tête à tête), cuisine ouverte avec réfrigérateur (+ partie congélateur), plaques de cuisson et set de cuisine (Grille-pain, Cafetière, Bouilloire..). Draps et serviettes de toilette à disposition. Logement entier.  Accès Wifi en cours d'installation. Je suis disponible par mail et la réponse est généralement sous quelques heures.  Lors du séjour, les voyageurs peuvent me joindre à tout moment s'il le désire.  Quartier très agréable et touristique, proche de la plupart des sites historiques de Paris: le Louvre, l'Hôtel de"
34719	3 eme etage sans ascenseur Sur rue Pietonne Cyber cafe , supermarche, boulangerie, cafe, restaurants a 2 min a pied	Appartement en plein coeur de la capitale. Ideal pour un sejour business, visite, culture, shopping ou en amoureux ! Metro /RER / BUS  Chatelet 3 eme etage sans ascenseur Sur rue Pietonne Cyber cafe , supermarche, boulangerie, cafe, restaurants a 2 min a pied Proche de Beaubourg, Hotel de Ville, Chatelet Les Halles, Notre Dame, Musee du Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, Bateaux Mouches ... Métro (phone number hidden) Bus RER A B D
34720	"Vivez l’expérience Parisienne... Situé en plein cœur du marais, ce studio très calme sur cour est composé d'une cuisine équipée (Micro ondes, Rice Cooker, Bouilloire, Machine à Laver) et d'un coin chambre (Lit en 140cm) + Bureau ainsi que d'une salle de bain  Nous mettons à disposition de tous nos vacanciers: - Un ordinateur leur permettant d'accéder à Internet le plus simplement du monde - Machine Nespresso + Capsules La rue du temple fait partie des rues les plus commerçantes du Marais, a peine sortie de l'immeuble, vous sera mêlez à la foule et la vie trépidante de tous ses commerces. Prenez le temps de vous asseoir à une terrasse et profitez 5 Mn du métro ""Hotel de ville"" (Ligne 1) 5 Mn du métro ""Rambuteau"" (Ligne 11) 5 Mn du centre Georges Pompidou "	"파리 마레지역에 자리잡고 있는 아늑하고, 조용한 콘도입니다. 전철역과 5분거리이며, 저녘이라도 마음 편이 돌아다닐수 있는 안전한 구역입니다. 많은 문의 부탁 드립니다~~ 꾸벅 인사 ^^ 大家好~我们的studio坐落与巴黎蓬皮杜博物馆附近。 周围有龐畢度、市政廳，腳力好的話，可走到聖母院、羅浮宮等知名景點，周邊有一些披薩及麵包店，還有數間小超市，生活機能非常的棒！ Vivez l’expérience Parisienne... Situé en plein cœur du marais, ce studio très calme sur cour est composé d'une cuisine équipée (Micro ondes, Rice Cooker, Bouilloire, Machine à Laver) et d'un coin chambre (Lit en 140cm) + Bureau (équipé d'un PC Portable) ainsi que d'une salle de bain  Nous mettons à disposition de tous nos vacanciers: - Un ordinateur leur permettant d'accéder à Internet le plus simplement du monde - Machine Nespresso + Capsules - Serviette de toilette La rue du temple fait partie des rues les plus commerçantes du Marais, a peine sortie de l'immeuble, vous sera mêlez à la foule et la vie trépidante de tous ses commerces. Prenez le temps de vous asseoir à une terrasse et profitez de la vie parisienne 5 Mn du métro ""Hotel de ville"" (Ligne 1) 5 Mn du métro ""Rambuteau"" (Ligne 11) 5 "
34721	"Localisation idéale au centre de Paris pour découvrir tous les monuments parisiens, sites et musées et expériencer la vie parisienne, proche de tout (commerces,supermarchés, marché alimentaire en plein air, restaurants et cafés,galeries d'art, le métro et les lignes de bus, de taxis et de Vélib ...). L'appartement est idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris, au Nord du Marais, la partie la plus ancienne de Paris, rempli de minuscules ruelles branchées et animées. Vous êtes dans le milieu le plus vivant et ""bobo"" (Bourgeois-Bohème)de Paris: Canal St Martin, rue de Bretagne, rue Oberkampf, et 5 mn de vélo les zones touristiques de l'Opéra Bastille, du cimetière du Père Lachaise, place des Vosges, le Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso, le Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bien que très branchée, la  région offre encore d'excellentes options abordables pour sortir et faire du shopping, terrasses, cafés, bars musique live, des galeries d'art, boutiques design vintage, etc  Situé dans un ancien hôtel p"	" Localisation idéale au centre de Paris pour découvrir tous les monuments parisiens, sites et musées et expériencer la vie parisienne, proche de tout (commerces,supermarchés, marché alimentaire en plein air, restaurants et cafés,galeries d'art, le métro et les lignes de bus, de taxis et de Vélib ...). L'appartement est idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris, au Nord du Marais, la partie la plus ancienne de Paris, rempli de minuscules ruelles branchées et animées. Vous êtes dans le milieu le plus vivant et ""bobo"" (Bourgeois-Bohème)de Paris: Canal St Martin, rue de Bretagne, rue Oberkampf, et 5 mn de vélo les zones touristiques de l'Opéra Bastille, du cimetière du Père Lachaise, place des Vosges, le Centre Pompidou, Musée Picasso, le Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Bien que très branchée, la  région offre encore d'excellentes options abordables pour sortir et faire du shopping, terrasses, cafés, bars musique live, des galeries d'art, boutiques design vintage, etc  Situé dans un ancien hôtel "
34722		2 private room for 4 guests in a spacious appartement (104 sq.m). Fifth floor of a typical Haussmannian building.  Many transport facilities ( 3 metro lines and many buses). 10min by feet from Notre Dame de Paris.
34723	SUPERB 1BR APARTMENT (2 to 4 people ) Full renovation march 2012 House of the XVII century – Original wood beams Marvelously located in the heart of the prestigious and exquisite Saint Louis island, The comfort of a modern, renovated and functional apartment, and the charm of an historical place. Baroque mirror and original cristal lights to complete the decoration. A true magic place to discover all the major touristic sites, while fully enjoying Parisian living. Surface: 36 M2 Address: Lively street crossing the Ile Saint-Louis / Rue des deux ponts Metro station: Pont-Marie – line 7 across the pont-Marie bridge (2 minutes) BEDROOM: A separate charming and cosy bedroom with a queen size bed from the highest quality, Designed cupboard, and lot of space to put your luggage A principal room with a couch which converts into a top quality queen size bed (real mattress of 15 cm). Dinning table up to four people. BATHROOM: Large and completely redesigned bathroom, with mosaic Spacious shower	SUPERB 1BR APARTMENT (2 to 4 people ) Full renovation march 2012 House of the XVII century – Original wood beams Marvelously located in the heart of the prestigious and exquisite Saint Louis island, The comfort of a modern, renovated and functional apartment, and the charm of an historical place. Baroque mirror and original cristal lights to complete the decoration. A true magic place to discover all the major touristic sites, while fully enjoying Parisian living. Surface: 36 M2 Address: Lively street crossing the Ile Saint-Louis / Rue des deux ponts Metro station: Pont-Marie – line 7 across the pont-Marie bridge (2 minutes) BEDROOM: A separate charming and cosy bedroom with a queen size bed from the highest quality, Designed cupboard, and lot of space to put your luggage A principal room with a couch which converts into a top quality queen size bed (real mattress of 15 cm). Dinning table up to four people. BATHROOM: Large and completely redesigned bathroom, with mosaic Spacious shower
34724	The spacious salon (living/dining room) features a welcoming seating area with two oversized couches and a couple of easy chairs - ideal for relaxing with a glass of wine and a chunk of Morbier after a long day of exploring the City of Light. The salon flows into a den/television room, which has another large pullout sofa for your two extra guests. The bedroom offers a queen-sized bed decked out with the finest linens. The adjoining elegant bathroom, complete with deep bathtub, affords quiet but real luxury. Should you fancy eating in on occasion, or sampling some of those luscious delicacies acquired in the Paris markets, the kitchen is fully equipped for trying out a new French recipe, or simply enjoying your morning coffee with a croissant or pain au chocolat. Elegant comfort awaits you in this gem of an apartment set in the quaintest île in the Seine.	Located on the 1st floor of a lovely elevator building, this sun-drenched one bedroom apartment offers luxury & class for your long awaited stay in Paris. The apartment is fully equipped and beautifully furnished, and offers the greatest of comfort. The spacious salon (living/dining room) features a welcoming seating area with two oversized couches and a couple of easy chairs - ideal for relaxing with a glass of wine and a chunk of Morbier after a long day of exploring the City of Light. The salon flows into a den/television room, which has another large pullout sofa for your two extra guests. The bedroom offers a queen-sized bed decked out with the finest linens. The adjoining elegant bathroom, complete with deep bathtub, affords quiet but real luxury. Should you fancy eating in on occasion, or sampling some of those luscious delicacies acquired in the Paris markets, the kitchen is fully equipped for trying out a new French recipe, or simply enjoying your morning coffee with a croissa
34725		Lovely and cosy Apartment, situated in the heart of the Ils St Louis, two minutes by walk from Notre Dame. Studio composed of separate kitchen, living room, bedroom and (email hidden)e apartment is very bright, you can admire the Seine river.
34726	"In the heart of the Marais, 5 minute walk from Beaubourg museum, entirely refurbished studio / suite on 5th floor US (WITH ELEVATOR) and gorgeous view on a cobble stone pedestrian street. In a small 18th century building, a charming studio remodeled into a luxury suite. A subtle alliance of antique (wood beams & floor, unique antiques) and modern (sound proof windows, HD TV, Ipod dock stereo system, Nespresso machine, ...). Two large windows offer a magnificent view of Paris roof tops, the sky and a typically parisian cobble stone pedestrian street. Ideally located on the 5th floor (US) WITH ELEVATOR, the suite is composed of: -a fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, microwave oven, refrigerator, Nespresso machine) -a living room with ""ultra comfort"" pull out couch (mattress EPEDA extra confort) 160x200cm. A convertible arm chair (full comfort and sleeps one child/small adult) -a bathroom with an extra large shower, antique decoration and towel heater The suite includes the following fr"	"In the heart of the Marais, 5 minute walk from Beaubourg museum, entirely refurbished studio / suite on 5th floor US (WITH ELEVATOR) and gorgeous view on a cobble stone pedestrian street. In a small 18th century building, a charming studio remodeled into a luxury suite. A subtle alliance of antique (wood beams & floor, unique antiques) and modern (sound proof windows, HD TV, Ipod dock stereo system, Nespresso machine, ...). Two large windows offer a magnificent view of Paris roof tops, the sky and a typically parisian cobble stone pedestrian street. Ideally located on the 5th floor (US) WITH ELEVATOR, the suite is composed of: -a fully equipped kitchen (dish washer, microwave oven, refrigerator, Nespresso machine) -a living room with ""ultra comfort"" pull out couch (mattress EPEDA extra confort) 160x200cm. A convertible arm chair (full comfort and sleeps one child/small adult) -a bathroom with an extra large shower, antique decoration and towel heater The suite includes the following fr"
34727	On the 5th floor with lift (6th floor US with lift ).  Small hallway leading to the main room which has a small, fully equipped, open plan, fitted kitchen, seating area with modern, very comfortable sofa-bed for two people: 150x190. This lovely bathroom has a shower, basin, WC, washer-dryer and storage cupboard.	On the 5th floor with lift (6th floor US with lift ).  Small hallway leading to the main room which has a small, fully equipped, open plan, fitted kitchen, seating area with modern, very comfortable sofa-bed for two people: 150x190. This lovely bathroom has a shower, basin, WC, washer-dryer and storage cupboard. Fully furnished studio. Guests can call me 7 days a week, 24 hours. This studio is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, the historic Marais, a few metres from Rue des Rosiers and the Hôtel de Ville, in a lively area, near to shops.   You can walk to Place des Vosges, l’Île St-Louis, Notre Dame cathedral and the Bastille in under fifteen minutes. The apartment is less than 100 metres from the Hôtel de Ville metro station. All of the apartments in our association have been featured for their style, cleanliness, and location, so you can take your pick. If you’re considering coming to Paris with a car, I would recommend against driving much in the city unless you’
34728	This 2 bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is located in a recently renovated building finished to a high standard. There is secure access to the building’s entrance hallways with coded elevator access and the apartment has a camera / intercom connected to the building’s main entrance. The Paris apartment is a short distance across the Pont Marie to two metro lines and bus stops and is only one metro stop from the central Chatelet Les Halles station which serves Charles de Gaulle airport. The apartment rental sleeps up to six people. This bright, spacious rental apartment in Paris (80m2) comprises of a large, smartly furnished, comfortable open plan living and dining space with cable TV and DVD player, Hi-Fi, phone and internet access. Located on the 4th (EU) floor, the two floor-to-ceiling casement windows overlook the Ile St Louis towards Pont Marie and Pont La Tournelle. The living area has a smart oak floor, two couches, one of which easily converts into a comfortable double bed, bo	You will find this jewel of Paris short term apartments to be a Â“home away from homeÂ”. In the gorgeous location of Saint Louis Island, it is surrounded by attractions to visit, cafes, restaurants and local speciality food shops. This 2 bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is located in a recently renovated building finished to a high standard. There is secure access to the building’s entrance hallways with coded elevator access and the apartment has a camera / intercom connected to the building’s main entrance. The Paris apartment is a short distance across the Pont Marie to two metro lines and bus stops and is only one metro stop from the central Chatelet Les Halles station which serves Charles de Gaulle airport. The apartment rental sleeps up to six people. This bright, spacious rental apartment in Paris (80m2) comprises of a large, smartly furnished, comfortable open plan living and dining space with cable TV and DVD player, Hi-Fi, phone and internet access. Located on the 4th (EU) 
34729	Studio confortable 25m², situe en plein centre de Paris / Comfortable apartment 25m², located in the center of Paris / Apartamento confortable 25m², situado en el centro de Paris	Studio confortable 25m², situe en plein centre de Paris / Comfortable apartment 25m², located in the center of Paris / Apartamento confortable 25m², situado en el centro de Paris Vous pouvez profiter pleinement d'un appartement de 25m², NO fumeur, avec un accès gratuit et illimité à internet et télévision, cuisine équipe, salle de bain avec WC, vrai lit double 1,40m*2,00m, 1 clic clac 0,90m*1,90m. Flat 25m², NO smoking, with Internet, television, kitchen, bathroom, double bed 1,40m*2,00m, 1 sofabed 0,90m*1,90m. Apartamento de 25m², NO FUMADORES, con Internet, televisión, cocina, sala de baño completa, 1 cama doble1,40m*2,00m y 1 sofa-cama sencillo 0,90m*1,90m. L’île Saint-Louis est une île de la Seine située en plein cœur de Paris, dans le 4e arrondissement, juste en amont de l’île de la Cité. Très sympa pour une petite balade le soir en amoureux ou avec des amis Les stations les plus proches sont celles de Pont Marie et Sully - Morland, sur la ligne 7, sur la rive droite de la Seine. 
34730	The 24m2 apartment is cool, calm and yet in the very heart of one of the most charming areas in Paris. The Studio is as close to a 4 star hotel room as you can get - as it has never been anyone's actual lived-in home. At the same time I aim to give you that special Airbnb personal feeling and independence of being in a real home. Elevator: There is a large, silent and modern Elevator that will take you from the entrance level to the 3rd floor. Personal Assistance: You will be met and taken care of during your stay by my next door neighbors, who are basically always nearby. Both the neighbors and myself will go the extra mile to make sure your stay is a perfect as possible, including offering you loads of information and advise about Paris (in general) and Le Marais (in particular).  The Bed: The bed is 160 x 200 cm (63 x 79 inches), it's quite new and very comfortable (see reviews). Cleanliness: I work hard to give you a perfectly clean studio because I take cleanliness very very serio	"A newly renovated Studio (24m2) in the heart of Le Marais. A large room with a kitchen and a modern bathroom. The Studio has only been used for the occasional ""sleep-over"" so all is new & fresh. Double windows makes it very calm & and silent at night. Fiber optic internet, near perfect transportation hub directly outside (metro, taxi, bus, rent-bicycles), walking distance to most of the most famous museums and on top of that I will go the extra mile with advise to help you get the most of Paris. The 24m2 apartment is cool, calm and yet in the very heart of one of the most charming areas in Paris. The Studio is as close to a 4 star hotel room as you can get - as it has never been anyone's actual lived-in home. At the same time I aim to give you that special Airbnb personal feeling and independence of being in a real home. Elevator: There is a large, silent and modern Elevator that will take you from the entrance level to the 3rd floor. Personal Assistance: You will be met and taken care"
34731	Building “pierre de taille” of very great standing. The apartment is located on the ground floor, it overlooks an extremely quiet courtyard. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. This lovely 26sqm studio has a main room with a comfortable couch and a large flat TV screen. You will also find a dock for your iPod or your iPhone.  The sleeping area is on the mezzanine, it features a 140×190 double bed. From the main room you will access the fitted kitchen, it is small but very functional. The bathroom features a bathtub and a toilet. This charming pied-à-terre can sleep up to two guests. If you look for a nest during your stay in Cité Island, in the deep heart of Paris, this is the place !	Lovely studio with a mezzanine to rent in the magnificent Cité Island in Paris ! Very functional, comfortable bathroom, you will love this cozy nest ! Building “pierre de taille” of very great standing. The apartment is located on the ground floor, it overlooks an extremely quiet courtyard. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. This lovely 26sqm studio has a main room with a comfortable couch and a large flat TV screen. You will also find a dock for your iPod or your iPhone.  The sleeping area is on the mezzanine, it features a 140×190 double bed. From the main room you will access the fitted kitchen, it is small but very functional. The bathroom features a bathtub and a toilet. This charming pied-à-terre can sleep up to two guests. If you look for a nest during your stay in Cité Island, in the deep heart of Paris, this is the place ! The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs One of the Pari
34732	This apartment is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, in the historic Marais district, just a few metres from the Place des Vosges, in a lively area, close to local businesses. The apartment is less than 100 metres from the  Saint-Paul underground station. You can go for a walk around the Place des Vosges, Ile-Saint-Louis, Notre Dame Cathedral and the Bastille in less than five minutes. The Marais district is has lots of bustling shops and restaurants. This apartment is opposite the famous St. Paul's Church, it was commissioned by Louis XIII and handed over in 1641. This church is one of the oldest examples of Jesuit architecture in Paris. This apartment is composed in the following way  : this apartment has a separate bedroom on a mezzanine with a double bed (140x190), a fully equipped kitchen, a small but functional bathroom and toilet. In the lounge, there is a comfortable sofa bed for 1 adult (or 2 children). Beautifully renovated, this apartment is very quiet.	This apartment is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, in the historic Marais district, just a few metres from the Place des Vosges, in a lively area, close to local businesses. Beautifully renovated, this apartment is very quiet. This apartment is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, in the historic Marais district, just a few metres from the Place des Vosges, in a lively area, close to local businesses. The apartment is less than 100 metres from the  Saint-Paul underground station. You can go for a walk around the Place des Vosges, Ile-Saint-Louis, Notre Dame Cathedral and the Bastille in less than five minutes. The Marais district is has lots of bustling shops and restaurants. This apartment is opposite the famous St. Paul's Church, it was commissioned by Louis XIII and handed over in 1641. This church is one of the oldest examples of Jesuit architecture in Paris. This apartment is composed in the following way  : this apartment has a separate bed
34733	The studio, with its small area offers everything needed for a perfect stay, fully equipped (washing machine, dryer, wi-fi, TV, Nespresso coffee machine ..) It has a mezzanine with a true bedroom with a double bed. It is on the first floor of an old building, typical of the island, with elevator. The studio overlooks the courtyard, and you will be seduced by its serenity.	Charming little studio renovated by an architect, ideally located in the heart of the island of Saint Louis, which is an exceptional place to visit in Paris. The studio, with its small area offers everything needed for a perfect stay, fully equipped (washing machine, dryer, wi-fi, TV, Nespresso coffee machine ..) It has a mezzanine with a true bedroom with a double bed. It is on the first floor of an old building, typical of the island, with elevator. The studio overlooks the courtyard, and you will be seduced by its serenity. The best welcome awaits you, do not hesitate to ask us for the best places to visit, to enjoy a wonderful stay in Paris Thanks to its exceptional location you will live some time in the legendary district of Paris, with its restaurants, cafes and terraces, boutiques and historic palaces, which will make the stay even more magical. It's only few steps from Notre Dame, Sainte Chapelle, Saint Germain, in the heart of Old Paris! Close to transportation (RER B, C, Met
34734		Studio tout confort, cuisinette, salle d'eau, chambre en alcôve (séparée). Lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, télévision ;  situé au centre de Paris (Hôtel de ville), sur cour (calme) au sixième étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5ème étage. Charme parisien, immeuble haussmanien
34735	The apartment consists of: - Living room features a coffee table, armchair, a sofa bed sleeping one adult or two children, an HD TV, DVD player, a stereo station, Wi-Fi for internet connection. - a corner room with a bed 160 cm x 200cm and two dressing.  - a dining area with round table and four seats.  - a kitchen including, washing machine, oven, fridge crockery and cutlery, plates, utensils and cooking, coffee maker, teapot, toaster.  - bathroom: with shower, toilet, hair dryer.  The linen is provided	33 m² studio at 3rd floor overlooking a courtyard on Saint Louis Island, excellent location in the center of an historic Paris. The apartment consists of: - Living room features a coffee table, armchair, a sofa bed sleeping one adult or two children, an HD TV, DVD player, a stereo station, Wi-Fi for internet connection. - a corner room with a bed 160 cm x 200cm and two dressing.  - a dining area with round table and four seats.  - a kitchen including, washing machine, oven, fridge crockery and cutlery, plates, utensils and cooking, coffee maker, teapot, toaster.  - bathroom: with shower, toilet, hair dryer.  The linen is provided Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. With Chatelet, the biggest Parisian station, you will be at few minutes from the RER A, B et D and lines 1, 4, 7, 11 et 14.
34736	An apartment of 100 m2 (1080sq) Unique in the heart of the Marais, renovated in May 2015, CROSSING without ANY OPPOSITE. It is located fifth floor with elevator; 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms including a master bedroom  2 toilets, one is separated. A kitchen fully equipped The best designer shops and restaurants are just downstairs	In the real heart of  Marais, a beautifulrenovated apartment on the 5th floor with elevator with a BEAUTIFUL VIEW  from the living and the bedroom east to west (feel cool when hot) An apartment of 100 m2 (1080sq) Unique in the heart of the Marais, renovated in May 2015, CROSSING without ANY OPPOSITE. It is located fifth floor with elevator; 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms including a master bedroom  2 toilets, one is separated. A kitchen fully equipped The best designer shops and restaurants are just downstairs Very fast WIFI 3 TV built in wifi Linen, towel, iron and board provided Ladies of course their is a Hairdryer US Plug for Europe provided Historic and very safe Musuem are just a few steps (Picasso) just renovated 2 minutes Places des Vosges, Carnavalet musuement 2-3 min Notre Dame Cathedral 15 min Louvre Musuem 3 min with subway Private parking 30€/day Metro line 1 - St Paul Station Private driver can pick you up at the airport From/to Charles de Gaulles 68€ (up to 4 passengers) From/t
34737	A charming cosy romantic mini studio with a grand quality,design & comfort based concept on a high standard Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a chic & artistic quarter of historical Marais. The flat is found to be easy on the 2 nd floor no elevator as it's historically presenting aged ancient building in an époque 17th Century. it's  typically found in this  district as an oldest part of Paris as it 's well known to be one of historical Marais district which presents timelessly characteristic old charms & its special value. The flat is offering delightfully Brand New! It's been entirely renovated with the most latest updated modern appliances .the room has been smartly arranged with carefully chosen quality materials in a tasteful design.  A modern bathroom equipped a comtemporian stylish inox shower unit with multiple water jets which offer a luxury Hydro-massage for à whole body shower .  An ultra modern kitchenette is compact yet well equipped & fully functional which is r	A charming cosy romantic mini studio with a grand quality,design & comfort based concept on a high standard Apart-Hotel room in a Fantastic location in a chic & artistic quarter of historical Marais. The flat is found to be easy on the 2 nd floor no elevator as it's historically presenting aged ancient building in an époque 17th Century. it's  typically found in this  district as an oldest part of Paris as it 's well known to be one of historical Marais district which presents timelessly characteristic old charms & its special value. The flat is offering delightfully Brand New! It's been entirely renovated with the most latest updated modern appliances .the room has been smartly arranged with carefully chosen quality materials in a tasteful design.  A modern bathroom equipped a comtemporian stylish inox shower unit with multiple water jets which offer a luxury Hydro-massage for à whole body shower .  An ultra modern kitchenette is compact yet well equipped & fully functional which is r
34738	My is very well located in the heart of Marais, Vieille du Temple street. I rent my huge room. My roomate live in the second room. There is a corridor between the two rooms so every body have his own space. Justo needs is privacy and sometime he rent his room too, so it can have some others travellers in the other room. The flat is cosy, in a quiet bulding. There also a kitchen and a tiny bathmroom with a shower. In my room you can find a double bed, a desk, a hifi system, there is internet, a dressing... There a watching machine, a hoven and a fridge in the kitchen.  Je partage mon charmant appartement situé au coeur du Marais, avec Justo mon colocataire. Nous avons chacun nos chambres qui sont séparés par un couloir. Il est important de respecter l'espace privé de mon colocataire. Parfois il loue également sa chambre, donc il peut y avoir d'autres voyageurs dans la chambre d'à côté. Il y a également une cuisine et une petite salle de bain. Ma chambre est spacieuse, elle mesure 17 mèt	I leave in the heart of the Marais, one of the most beautifull and famous corner of Paris. My roomate Justo is really nice and he speaks spanish, english and french. My room is quite huge, 17
34739		Luminous and cosy art déco 60sqm in a classic haussmannian building in the very center of Paris. 5minutes by walk from Notre Dame, Le Marais, Bastille, 10minutes by metro from Le Louvre or Opéra Best location in the very center of Paris. The Seine (River) in 100m from the flat ! Perfect for pre-dinner drink with a direct view on Notre-Dame ! Very quiet district with Markets, shops, restaurants, bars less than 5-10min by walk. All touristic hotspots accessible in less than 20min door to door. Metro stations Sully-Morland (Line 7) and Quai de la Râpé (Line 5) are less than 3min walk, Bastille (Lines 1, 5, 8) and Gare de Lyon (Lines 1, 14, A, D) less than 7min walk. Bus n° (phone number hidden) and 87 (perfect to go to Saint Germain des Près in 15min), 91 are all very close to my flat.
34740	"In between Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Place des Vosges and in the very lively famous Marais you will enjoy this fully renewed 26m2 studio (279 Sq Ft) on 4th floor with lift which offers a perfect layout and all the charm you can expect from a typical middle age style parisian apartment. The beautiful living room with beams all around, typical terracota on the floor, period window, offers more than its unique charm a confortable sofabed able to sleep 2, a nice wooden mezzanine under the roof with double bed, a full wall of cupboards, a practical table and chairs set that can be unfolded, an open convenient kitchen and modern colorfull bathroom with shower cabin, wc and washing machine. Authentic stairs or modern lift, the choice is yours to access this peacefull nest surrounded by the famous lively Marais with its wide range of restaurants, bars, shops, convenient stores and all historical and cultural treasures.  Metro line 1 ""Saint Paul"" or ""Hotel de Ville"" will bring you all round p"	The perfect location in the heart of historical and trendy Marais with the perfect flat in the oldest parisian middle age building ... The perfect journey through the best of Paris. In between Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Place des Vosges and in the very lively famous Marais you will enjoy this fully renewed 26m2 studio (279 Sq Ft) on 4th floor with lift which offers a perfect layout and all the charm you can expect from a typical middle age style parisian apartment. The beautiful living room with beams all around, typical terracota on the floor, period window, offers more than its unique charm a confortable sofabed able to sleep 2, a nice wooden mezzanine under the roof with double bed, a full wall of cupboards, a practical table and chairs set that can be unfolded, an open convenient kitchen and modern colorfull bathroom with shower cabin, wc and washing machine. Authentic stairs or modern lift, the choice is yours to access this peacefull nest surrounded by the famous lively Marais w
34741	This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows offer a clear view and give on a courtyard. This 50sqm apartment has three separate rooms: a separate bedroom, a dining-room with an open fitted kitchen and a living-room that can be used as a second bedroom if you need. It is organized as such : the entrance hall directly gives on the dining-room. It features a beautiful dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining-room. Its equipments are contemporary (induction stoves, dish-washer, large sliding cupboards…) but its decoration will please any History lover ! You will be amazed by the Italian sink made of pink marble and its faucet from the 17th century. The living-room is separated from the dining-room by a wooden door made of three panels coming straight from the Vaux-le-Vicomte Castle ! These amazing panels as well as all the panels in the dining-room, living-room and the bedroom come 	Amazing 3-room 50sqm apartment to rent in Paris - St Louis Island. This wonderful apartment is suitable for up to four guests. Decorated with much taste by History lovers, this place is just amazing with its wonderful pieces of furniture and wall pan This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows offer a clear view and give on a courtyard. This 50sqm apartment has three separate rooms: a separate bedroom, a dining-room with an open fitted kitchen and a living-room that can be used as a second bedroom if you need. It is organized as such : the entrance hall directly gives on the dining-room. It features a beautiful dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining-room. Its equipments are contemporary (induction stoves, dish-washer, large sliding cupboards…) but its decoration will please any History lover ! You will be amazed by the Italian sink made of pink marble and its faucet from the 1
34742	My flat is situated in the very heart of the Marais, right next to Hotel de Ville or Beaubourg. The studio was fully redone a year ago so it is brand new. It is equipped with a kitchenette (fridge and microwave oven), it has a nespresso machine and everything you need to cook. The studio is big and has very high ceiling. It is on the first floor but it is bright and very quiet because on the courtyard. There is a large mezzanine with a double bed, and a folding sofa so 4 people can sleep. The bathroom has a shower, There is a washing machine and a dryer. You will have access to Cable TV, Internet… The Marais is one of the trendiest and pleasant area of Paris with a lot of great restaurants, bars and shops. The flat is 5 min walk from the greatest spots of Paris like Beaubourg Museum, Notre Dame de Paris…  The nearest tube/subway station is Hotel de Ville (line 1).  I will be happy to provide you any other information on the area or the apartment, so do not hesitate to contact me! Equip	My flat is situated in the very heart of the Marais, right next to Hotel de Ville or Beaubourg. The studio was fully redone a year ago so it is brand new. It is equipped with a kitchenette (fridge and microwave oven), it has a nespresso machine and everything you need to cook. The studio is big and has very high ceiling. It is on the first floor but it is bright and very quiet because on the courtyard. There is a large mezzanine with a double bed, and a folding sofa so 4 people can sleep. The bathroom has a shower, There is a washing machine and a dryer. You will have access to Cable TV, Internet… The Marais is one of the trendiest and pleasant area of Paris with a lot of great restaurants, bars and shops. The flat is 5 min walk from the greatest spots of Paris like Beaubourg Museum, Notre Dame de Paris…  The nearest tube/subway station is Hotel de Ville (line 1).  I will be happy to provide you any other information on the area or the apartment, so do not hesitate to contact me! Equip
34743	"Studio tout confort : Cuisine entièrement équipée, salon meublé (convertible 2 pers bultex,chauffeuse bultex et possibilité de matelas d 'appoint), TV, PS2 et dvd intégré, lecteur cd,internet,four, cafetiere, bouilloire , grand dressing, lave linge..... Salle de bains, moderne, avec douche spacieuse.  IDEAL POUR 2 PERSONNES MAIS POSSIBLE 3 PERSONNES AVEC LIT D'APPOINT Propriétaire à proximité si besoin. Serviette fourni sur demande et avec supplement. PARIS 4eme. EN PLEIN CENTRE DE PARIS !5 min du Metro St PAUL et 15m de notre Dames de Paris Très beau studio 27 m2, 2 ème étage, clair et moderne, en plein cœur du quartier du Marais  , 100m place des Vosges.. Nombreux commerces et animations. Vous serez séduit par ce quartier purement parisien , connu pour ses nombreux commerces traditionnels (fromager, caviste...)et sa proximité des lieux touristiques. A 5 min du métro très connu ""st paul ""ligne 1 du métro  Propriétaire à proximité si besoin. Serviette fourni sur demande et avec supplem"	PARIS 4eme. EN PLEIN CENTRE DE PARIS ! 5 min du Metro St PAUL et 15m de notre Dame de Paris .Très beau studio 25 m2, 2 ème étage,calme, moderne et tous confort en plein cœur du quartier du Marais ,100m place des Vosges..  Ideal 2 personnes +enfant Studio tout confort : Cuisine entièrement équipée, salon meublé (convertible 2 pers bultex,chauffeuse bultex et possibilité de matelas d 'appoint), TV, PS2 et dvd intégré, lecteur cd,internet,four, cafetiere, bouilloire , grand dressing, lave linge..... Salle de bains, moderne, avec douche spacieuse.  IDEAL POUR 2 PERSONNES MAIS POSSIBLE 3 PERSONNES AVEC LIT D'APPOINT Propriétaire à proximité si besoin. Serviette fourni sur demande et avec supplement. PARIS 4eme. EN PLEIN CENTRE DE PARIS !5 min du Metro St PAUL et 15m de notre Dames de Paris Très beau studio 27 m2, 2 ème étage, clair et moderne, en plein cœur du quartier du Marais  , 100m place des Vosges.. Nombreux commerces et animations. Vous serez séduit par ce quartier purement parisien 
34744	Our large living room is almost completely round (building was erected in 17th century), with a stunning view of the July column and the Place de la Bastille. The apartment is very large (100m2), and sits on the site of the former Bastille prison! Each day tourists take photographs of the plaque on our building. The apartment has all the mod cons, plus huge dining room for entertaining, separate kitchen and breakfast area, cable TV and wifi. We'll provide you with fresh sheets, iron and drawer/hanging space. There is a sofa bed in the living room (the sofa pictured), and that room can be closed off for complete privacy. The other room has full single-sized bunk beds with brand new matresses. 	Our gorgeous apartment is on the first floor of a typical Haussman building, where the Marais meets the Bastille. Plenty of restaurants and bars at your feet, while Notre-Dame and the Latin Quarter are within walking distance.  Our large living room is almost completely round (building was erected in 17th century), with a stunning view of the July column and the Place de la Bastille. The apartment is very large (100m2), and sits on the site of the former Bastille prison! Each day tourists take photographs of the plaque on our building. The apartment has all the mod cons, plus huge dining room for entertaining, separate kitchen and breakfast area, cable TV and wifi. We'll provide you with fresh sheets, iron and drawer/hanging space. There is a sofa bed in the living room (the sofa pictured), and that room can be closed off for complete privacy. The other room has full single-sized bunk beds with brand new matresses.  The neighbourhood is amazing. Right in the heart of Paris, with easy a
34745	Very quiet, spacious and romantic 1-bedroom apartment on the top floor of a small secured 4-storey building overlooking a courtyard.  Bright living room with hammock ; open fully-equipped kitchen (kettle, toaster, large fridge/freezer, induction cooker + oven, washing machine + dishwasher, water filter) ; large bedroom with very comfortable queen-size bed, and tuned piano ; lush ensuite bathroom with large kidney-shaped bathtub.  Ideally situated at the heart of Paris in the Marais area (4th arrondissement), 5-mn walk to Metro Stations Hotel de Ville and Rambuteau, many bus routes all around, 10-mn to Notre-Dame, St Michel, Bastille, Place des Vosges, Louvre, Tuileries, ... Stay in the heart center of oldtown Paris, a stone's throw from the Seine : restaurants, fashion boutiques, supermarkets, delicious boulangeries, cafés, within a very short walking distance : the true Parisian life !	Beautiful, charming, top floor 1-br appartment in small building overlooking quiet courtyard, in the heart center of Paris : best Parisian experience in le Marais.  Very quiet, spacious and romantic 1-bedroom apartment on the top floor of a small secured 4-storey building overlooking a courtyard.  Bright living room with hammock ; open fully-equipped kitchen (kettle, toaster, large fridge/freezer, induction cooker + oven, washing machine + dishwasher, water filter) ; large bedroom with very comfortable queen-size bed, and tuned piano ; lush ensuite bathroom with large kidney-shaped bathtub.  Ideally situated at the heart of Paris in the Marais area (4th arrondissement), 5-mn walk to Metro Stations Hotel de Ville and Rambuteau, many bus routes all around, 10-mn to Notre-Dame, St Michel, Bastille, Place des Vosges, Louvre, Tuileries, ... Stay in the heart center of oldtown Paris, a stone's throw from the Seine : restaurants, fashion boutiques, supermarkets, delicious boulangeries, cafés,
34746	It's location and that it is a classic Parisian apartment.	A classic Parisian apartment right at Hotel de Ville.  5th floor, (100m2), has a great view where you are right between Notre Dame and the Pompidou.  We have two bedrooms and can comfortably accommodate 4, a large living room, and fully equipped. It's location and that it is a classic Parisian apartment. Wifi and a fully furnished and equipped apartment. It is great ,you are in the marais and right in front of Hotel de Ville.  Between Notre Dame and Pompidou.  You have everything you need and can do most of the attractions by foot! You are across the street from the Hotel de Ville metro station. And one station from Chatelet. Which means that the airport is potentially 45 min away by public transportation.
34747	A deux pas de la place des Vosges et de l'hôtel de ville, grand studio avec grand jardin privatif. Parking disponible. Logement entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, lave et seche-linge) salle de bains et Wc privatifs.	Joli duplex avec grand jardin privatif dans bel hôtel particulier en plein coeur du Marais. Entièrement équipé, tout confort, au calme à deux pas de la place des Vosges et de l'Hôtel de Ville. Peut loger deux personnes. Dispose d'un parking privé. A deux pas de la place des Vosges et de l'hôtel de ville, grand studio avec grand jardin privatif. Parking disponible. Logement entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, lave et seche-linge) salle de bains et Wc privatifs. Salle de bains et WC privatifs lors de votre séjour. jouissance du studio et du jardin. Pendant votre séjour, j'occuperai une chambre en Souplex avec une entrée et une salle de bains indépendantes. J'apprécie beaucoup de recevoir du monde. N'hésitez pas à me solliciter pour faciliter votre séjour. J'habite dans le quartier Saint Paul, en plein Marais. L'appartement est idéalement situé entre la place Sainte Catherine et la place des Vosges.  Que ce soit pour un voyage d'affaires et/ou pour un séjour Loisir (visite de musées, sho
34748	charmant studio au coeur du marais, à deux pas des métros saint paul et hotel de ville! emplacement parfait pour un séjour parisien inoubliable!!	Welcome to my charming little home in Paris city center: LE MARAIS! Close to metro (SAINT PAUL; HOTEL DE VILLE), Buses, renting cycles... Perfect location for a perfect trip! charmant studio au coeur du marais, à deux pas des métros saint paul et hotel de ville! emplacement parfait pour un séjour parisien inoubliable!! Internet WIFI, serviettes, draps, assiettes, couverts, sèche cheveux, Fer à repasser, ... échange par mail & téléphone Quartier Historique (et branché!) en plein centre de Paris! METRO  moins de 5 min: Saint Paul (ligne 1) Hôtel de ville (Ligne 1, 11) 5-7 min: Châtelet (Ligne 1, 11, 4, 7/ RER A et B) BUS & VELIB à 2 min 
34749		agréable studio au calme sur cour avec une jolie vue dégagée sur le centre Pompidou et les toits de Paris. très clair. quartier vivant et pratique. commerces de proximité, musées,restaurants, bars, galeries salles de spectacle.à quelques pas de la seine et de l'île st Louis.
34750	The master bedroom of this apartment is ideal for a couple. It the neighborhood of the Opéra Bastille, St Paul, Hotel Sully, Places des Vosges, and Le Marais  It measures 80m² (860 ft2) wooden flooring and is on the 6th floor (with an elevator) of a well maintained building dated around 1930 located off the street, thus very quiet. The first bedroom  - 1 beds, a double bed (140 x 200 cm) and a Sofa Bed (140 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing desk and lamps. The window overlooks the Lesdiguières street. (you will sleep in this room). The 2nd Bedroom has a double bed (140 x 200 cm), a large closet and shelves. The window also overlooks the Lesdiguières street. The third bedroom  - 1 bed, a double bed (140 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing desk and lamps. The window overlooks a quiet court. The kitchen is a small Parisian kitchen.  It is fully equipped with 4 gas burners and oven, a toaster, a micro-wave oven, a dishwasher,  a washing machine without dryer but we have a hanging rac	The master bedroom of this apartment is ideal for a couple. It the neighborhood of the Opéra Bastille, St Paul, Hotel Sully, Places des Vosges, and le Marais  It measures 80m² (667 ft2) wooden flooring and is on the 1st floor (with an elevator). The master bedroom of this apartment is ideal for a couple. It the neighborhood of the Opéra Bastille, St Paul, Hotel Sully, Places des Vosges, and Le Marais  It measures 80m² (860 ft2) wooden flooring and is on the 6th floor (with an elevator) of a well maintained building dated around 1930 located off the street, thus very quiet. The first bedroom  - 1 beds, a double bed (140 x 200 cm) and a Sofa Bed (140 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing desk and lamps. The window overlooks the Lesdiguières street. (you will sleep in this room). The 2nd Bedroom has a double bed (140 x 200 cm), a large closet and shelves. The window also overlooks the Lesdiguières street. The third bedroom  - 1 bed, a double bed (140 x 200 cm). It has a closet, a writing 
34751	In English  FLAT 31m2, 1 room  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and one sofa bed for one person. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  STUDIO de  31m2 , séjour avec petit séjour, une cuisine bien équipée, WC et salle de douche. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche cheveux, internet illimité, TV. Important : le parking est en extra, 30€ la nuitée.  Rue Saint Paul est bien desservie, Métro Saint Paul ou Sully Morland. 30mn de l'aéroport d'Orly et 45mn de Roissy Charles de Gaulle. A pieds	Dans le Marais, un grand studio de 31m2, profitez de sa proximité des endroits importants à visiter, comme Notre Dame, place des Vosges et tous les cafés/restaurants. Le check-in avec code libre toute la nuit sans supplément. In English  FLAT 31m2, 1 room  with a great quality 2 persons bedroom and one sofa bed for one person. Fully equipped kitchen, toilet, and shower room. It also includes a washing machine, a clothes dryer, an iron, heating system, hairdryer, internet, TV. Located in the lively Le Marais area! The Saint-Paul street is well located between Saint-Paul metro and Sully Morland metro. 30min away from Orly and 45min to Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport. 7min by walk to Bastille area, and 10min to Notre-Dame. Added free service:  You can leave your luggages for evening departure, until 9pm. En Français  STUDIO de  31m2 , séjour avec petit séjour, une cuisine bien équipée, WC et salle de douche. Il dispose d'une machine à laver, sèche linge, fer à repasser, chauffages, sèche
34752	 Main room(part,play): - Internet, free WIFI - 1 television cabled - Electric heating. - 1 sofa - bed - 4 pillows sofa and their cover - 1 thrown(cast) of sofa + cover - 1 coffee table + flowerpot and magazines(reviews) - 1 cupboard exotic wood 2 doors + 10 flies - 2 candles - 1 picture(board) - 2 wall lamps Kitchen area: - Dining table + 2 chairs - Microwaves - Machine with espresso ( supplied capsules) - Cleaning products - 1 ceiling light Independent bathroom: - 1 shower - 1 washbasin - 1 TOILETS - 2 storage cabinets 1 top and in the 1 bottom(stocking) - 1 carry(wear) toilet paper - 1 scrubbing brush toilets - 4 bath towels - 4 towels(briefcases) - 4 wash gloves - 2 wipe(suffer) hands - 2 knowledges + 2 shower gels - 1 body milk - 1 frost(gel) hand - Toilet paper - 1 wall lamp - 1 ceiling light Sleeping around: - 2 mattresses nine - 2 protect mattress - 4 fitted sheets - 2 flat sheet 2 pers. - 1 braid 2 pers. + - 2 quilt cover 2 pers. - 2 pillows sleeping around + 4 pillowcases - 1 	 Main room(part,play): - Internet, free WIFI - 1 television cabled - Electric heating. - 1 sofa - bed - 4 pillows sofa and their cover - 1 thrown(cast) of sofa + cover - 1 coffee table + flowerpot and magazines(reviews) - 1 cupboard exotic wood 2 doors + 10 flies - 2 candles - 1 picture(board) - 2 wall lamps Kitchen area: - Dining table + 2 chairs - Microwaves - Machine with espresso ( supplied capsules) - Cleaning products - 1 ceiling light Independent bathroom: - 1 shower - 1 washbasin - 1 TOILETS - 2 storage cabinets 1 top and in the 1 bottom(stocking) - 1 carry(wear) toilet paper - 1 scrubbing brush toilets - 4 bath towels - 4 towels(briefcases) - 4 wash gloves - 2 wipe(suffer) hands - 2 knowledges + 2 shower gels - 1 body milk - 1 frost(gel) hand - Toilet paper - 1 wall lamp - 1 ceiling light Sleeping around: - 2 mattresses nine - 2 protect mattress - 4 fitted sheets - 2 flat sheet 2 pers. - 1 braid 2 pers. + - 2 quilt cover 2 pers. - 2 pillows sleeping around + 4 pillowcases - 1 
34753	Cet appartement idéalement situé et entièrement rénové est idéal pour 2 , 4 ou 5 personnes (un grand lit en 160 et un canapé transformable en lit en 160 également). Possibilité 5 ème couchage sur chauffeuse mais qualité du couchage moins bon. Un matelas gonflable est possible sur demande. Un grand salon ouvert sur la cuisine moderne, une salle de bains et une chambre donnant sur une courette  font de ce lieu un endroit idéal pour un séjour parisien.	Superbe appartement de 45 m2 entièrement rénové et situé au 4 ème étage d'un immeuble rue des Lombards, au coeur de Paris et  à 2 minutes à pieds de la station Châtelet les Halles. Cet appartement idéalement situé et entièrement rénové est idéal pour 2 , 4 ou 5 personnes (un grand lit en 160 et un canapé transformable en lit en 160 également). Possibilité 5 ème couchage sur chauffeuse mais qualité du couchage moins bon. Un matelas gonflable est possible sur demande. Un grand salon ouvert sur la cuisine moderne, une salle de bains et une chambre donnant sur une courette  font de ce lieu un endroit idéal pour un séjour parisien. Il est très simple de trouver l'appartement :  Il se situe sur la ligne de métro numéro 1, 3,4 ,7, 14, RER A, B et D. Bref toutes les lignes principales de Paris. Vous devez vous arrêter à la station Châtelet les Halles mais également Hôtel de Ville. Le 50 se trouve dans une rue animée et très prisée. Immeuble en pierre de Paris. Je suis continuellement en relati
34754	"In the heart of the center of Paris, just behind Notre Dame Cathedral, this beautiful apartment will delight you for its position, its brightness, its modern design furniture, its art pieces, its “all comforts included” and its unmistakable Parisian charm with ceiling decorations, ancient parquet and fireplaces.  Two comfortable bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with two single beds; a 5th bed is also available to be installed where more convenient. Two bathrooms, a spacious living, a beautiful dining room and a big Bulthaup kitchen with Gaggenau applliences with absolutely all of what you may need to organize a special meal… …and off course washing machine, dryer, dish washer, high speed wifi internet connection, two 50"" plasma tv, and lot more! A cleaning service, three times a week, is included in the price!  Although this apartment is at more or less 15 seconds by walk from Notre Dame, it is situated in a narrow street outside of the touristic paths, which means calm an"	"In the heart of the center of Paris, just behind Notre Dame Cathedral, this beautiful apartment will delight you for its position, its brightness, its modern design furniture, its art pieces, its “all comforts included” and its unmistakable Parisian  In the heart of the center of Paris, just behind Notre Dame Cathedral, this beautiful apartment will delight you for its position, its brightness, its modern design furniture, its art pieces, its “all comforts included” and its unmistakable Parisian charm with ceiling decorations, ancient parquet and fireplaces.  Two comfortable bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with two single beds; a 5th bed is also available to be installed where more convenient. Two bathrooms, a spacious living, a beautiful dining room and a big Bulthaup kitchen with Gaggenau applliences with absolutely all of what you may need to organize a special meal… …and off course washing machine, dryer, dish washer, high speed wifi internet connection, two 50"" plasm"
34755	The apartment is located on the island of St. Louis right in the center of Paris. It is four minutes walking from the backside of Notre Dame Cathedral. Several bridges connect one to either the right or the left banks of the Seine River. So that you are just a few minutes stroll to such fame places like St. Michel, Hotel De Ville, St. Germain and the Latin Quarter. Just outside your door there are many small cafes, crepe stands and restaurants to choose from, plus specialty shopping and all food provisions like bakeries, cheese shops and fresh grocers'. You may avail yourself of the apartments splendid kitchen and, of course, the most famous ice-cream shops in France (perhaps in Europe!) - The Berthillon Stores. The apartment has a beautiful decor and is located on a small quiet side street off the Seine River itself. As so much of this islands traffic is mostly pedestrian, you can be assured of a relaxing and tranquil stay in this quiet setting. The building itself is very handsome an	Well located, non smoking luxury 2 bedroom apartment that sleeps up to 4 adults on ILE St. Louis Paris. The apartment is on the Second European floor. (1 flight up.) 3 night minimum stay. The apartment is located on the island of St. Louis right in the center of Paris. It is four minutes walking from the backside of Notre Dame Cathedral. Several bridges connect one to either the right or the left banks of the Seine River. So that you are just a few minutes stroll to such fame places like St. Michel, Hotel De Ville, St. Germain and the Latin Quarter. Just outside your door there are many small cafes, crepe stands and restaurants to choose from, plus specialty shopping and all food provisions like bakeries, cheese shops and fresh grocers'. You may avail yourself of the apartments splendid kitchen and, of course, the most famous ice-cream shops in France (perhaps in Europe!) - The Berthillon Stores. The apartment has a beautiful decor and is located on a small quiet side street off the Se
34756	Beware the patio will not be available for renovation. Charming apartment completely renovated in April 2011 ideally located rue des Rosiers, in the heart of the Marais, the historic center of Paris. This apartment has an entrance leading to a separate toilet, a small bathroom with shower and sink, large closet and the main room. The living room overlooking the street, the rue des Rosiers is a busy street, especially the day, it is rather quiet at night. There yardstick beautiful and fully equipped kitchen, plus a dishwasher and a washing machine, a large table to dine at six and two double sofa beds, large screen TV, high speed internet, a hi-fi and DVD. Then the double room overlooking a very nice patio, with lots of plants, a small table for coffee. This apartment can accommodate 6 people in the heart of Paris will provide you a pleasant stay in Paris! 	Beware the patio will not be available for renovation. Charming apartment completely renovated in April 2011 ideally located rue des Rosiers, in the heart of the Marais, the historic center of Paris. This apartment has an entrance leading to a separate toilet, a small bathroom with shower and sink, large closet and the main room. The living room overlooking the street, the rue des Rosiers is a busy street, especially the day, it is rather quiet at night. There yardstick beautiful and fully equipped kitchen, plus a dishwasher and a washing machine, a large table to dine at six and two double sofa beds, large screen TV, high speed internet, a hi-fi and DVD. Then the double room overlooking a very nice patio, with lots of plants, a small table for coffee. This apartment can accommodate 6 people in the heart of Paris will provide you a pleasant stay in Paris! 
34757	"At the heart of Paris, in one of the most popular areas of the capital, the apartment is situated in a typically Parisian 17th century small building in the Marais. Situated on the fourth and last floor, and reached by a wide wooden staircase, this apartment, in common with many historic properties in the Marais. The flat is oriented on a street (North) and a typical parisian courtyard (South-East). It has a great view on both the roof tops and the courtyard. It is decorated in an elegant and modern style.  The apartment (40 square metres, 400square feet), has a main area for living and dining, an open kitchen plus a bedroom and en-suite bathroom. There is a double bed in the bedroom as well as a sofa bed in the living room which ca accommodate two persons. The flat is fonctional and has plenty of storage for your clothes and luggage.  Le Marais (""The Marsh"") is an historic district in Paris, France. Long the aristocratic district of Paris it hosts many outstanding architectural buildi"	Wonderful place right off of Place des Vosges, Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, Notre Dame. Quick easy access to the metro in one minute by walk and around a lot of shops, cafes and restaurants. At the heart of Paris, in one of the most popular areas of the capital, the apartment is situated in a typically Parisian 17th century small building in the Marais. Situated on the fourth and last floor, and reached by a wide wooden staircase, this apartment, in common with many historic properties in the Marais. The flat is oriented on a street (North) and a typical parisian courtyard (South-East). It has a great view on both the roof tops and the courtyard. It is decorated in an elegant and modern style.  The apartment (40 square metres, 400square feet), has a main area for living and dining, an open kitchen plus a bedroom and en-suite bathroom. There is a double bed in the bedroom as well as a sofa bed in the living room which ca accommodate two persons. The flat is fonctional and has plenty of st
34758	"Paris apartment that has been recently renovated and is of a very good standing. It looks onto a beautiful flowered courtyard. The apartment is on the first floor (one flight of stairs) without an elevator. A digicode and concierge add security to this building. Paris apartment of 30sqm consisting of a large room with a top of the range setee/double bed. With the flexibility of having it up or down you can craete a spacious living area during the day and a comfortable bedroom at night. There is a simple console desk to work/study at. The Paris rental apartment is very bright and calm, with simple contemporary furniture. The kitchen is separate from the main room and is fully equipped. The very pretty bathroom has an excellent shower, a toilet and sink. Three lovely French windows look down on a beautiful flowered courtyard. One of the perfect little Paris apartments to rent, in a first class location, this constitutes a perfect ""pied à terre"" from which to discover the city, whether on"	Very close to Notre Dame de Paris, this studio is located on the Ile de la Cité. Looking onto a beautiful flowered courtyard, this Paris rental apartment is bright, calm and perfectly located to discover the city. Paris apartment that has been recently renovated and is of a very good standing. It looks onto a beautiful flowered courtyard. The apartment is on the first floor (one flight of stairs) without an elevator. A digicode and concierge add security to this building. Paris apartment of 30sqm consisting of a large room with a top of the range setee/double bed. With the flexibility of having it up or down you can craete a spacious living area during the day and a comfortable bedroom at night. There is a simple console desk to work/study at. The Paris rental apartment is very bright and calm, with simple contemporary furniture. The kitchen is separate from the main room and is fully equipped. The very pretty bathroom has an excellent shower, a toilet and sink. Three lovely French win
34759	AGREABLE STUDIO DE  33M² + BALCON  DE 3 M² SITUE ENTRE LES METROS BASTILLE ET SULLY MORLAND, A 5MN DE L 'ILE ST LOUIS , DES QUAIS DE SEINE , DE L'INSTITUT DU MONDE ARABE   DU BOULEVARD ST GERMAIN  A 10 MINUTES A PIED  DE  LA CATHEDRALE NOTRE DAME  TRES PROCHE DE LA RUE COMMERCANTE SAINT ANTOINE AVEC SES NOMBREUX COMMERCES ALIMENTAIRES SES RESTAURANTS ET CAFES SES BOUTIQUES DE MODE ET AVEC VUE DU BALCON  SUR LE PORT DE PLAISANCE DE BASTILLE  LE STUDIO EST AU 5EME ETAGE D'UNE RESIDENCE DE STANDING AVEC GARDIENS ET DEUX ASCENSEURS  CE STUDIO SE COMPOSE  D'UNE ENTREE , D'UN SALON  AVEC UN CANAPE LIT  A USAGE QUOTIDIEN   POUR  2  PERSONNES  D'UN COIN  REPAS D' UNE  KITCHENETTE AVEC FRIGO PLAQUES FOUR MICRO- ONDES  D'UNE SALLE DE BAINS EN MARBRE AVEC WC ET MACHINE A LAVER  . LE LINGE DE LIT ET LES DRAPS ET SERVIETTES DE BAINS SONT FOURNIS 	AGREABLE STUDIO DE  33M² + BALCON  DE 3 M² SITUE ENTRE LES METROS BASTILLE ET SULLY MORLAND, A 5MN DE L 'ILE ST LOUIS , DES QUAIS DE SEINE , DE L'INSTITUT DU MONDE ARABE   DU BOULEVARD ST GERMAIN  A 10 MINUTES A PIED  DE  LA CATHEDRALE NOTRE DAME  TRES PROCHE DE LA RUE COMMERCANTE SAINT ANTOINE AVEC SES NOMBREUX COMMERCES ALIMENTAIRES SES RESTAURANTS ET CAFES SES BOUTIQUES DE MODE ET AVEC VUE DU BALCON  SUR LE PORT DE PLAISANCE DE BASTILLE  LE STUDIO EST AU 5EME ETAGE D'UNE RESIDENCE DE STANDING AVEC GARDIENS ET DEUX ASCENSEURS  CE STUDIO SE COMPOSE  D'UNE ENTREE , D'UN SALON  AVEC UN CANAPE LIT  A USAGE QUOTIDIEN   POUR  2  PERSONNES  D'UN COIN  REPAS D' UNE  KITCHENETTE AVEC FRIGO PLAQUES FOUR MICRO- ONDES  D'UNE SALLE DE BAINS EN MARBRE AVEC WC ET MACHINE A LAVER  . LE LINGE DE LIT ET LES DRAPS ET SERVIETTES DE BAINS SONT FOURNIS  heure d'arrivée : 15h00 heure de départ :12h00 Métros et stations de bus à proximité Bastille et Sully Morland a 5Mn a pied  
34760	Au coeur du Marais, dans l'un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris, mon appartement est situé rue Saint Paul, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble historique. 22 m2 (+ couchage en mezzanine) pour profiter du caractère cosy et très ensoleillé. WC au niveau de l'entrée de l'appartement. Salle de bain et cuisine équipée donnant sur le séjour. Deux porte-fenêtres dans la salon donnant sur deux petits balcons Meubles : armoire et commode à votre disposition Dormir perché dans une belle mezzanine (comme dans un cocon).  Lit 160x200 cm Linge de lit mis également à disposition LE quartier historique de Paris, le Marais, toujours vivant. Pleins de petites boutiques à découvrir et une localisation centrale pour visiter la capitale. Métro : ligne 1, arrêt Saint Paul  Interdiction de fumer accès internet WIFI, TV écran plat, machine à laver, micro-ondes/four, plaques électriques, sèche-cheveux Remise des clés en main propre Echange par mail, téléphone Le quartier historique de Paris. Plein de petites bou	Appartement très cosy avec beaucoup de charme, style romantique en plein coeur d'un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris. Une belle pièce à vivre très ensoleillée de 22m2 grâce à 2 porte-fenêtres donnant sur deux balconnets + couchage mezzanine Au coeur du Marais, dans l'un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris, mon appartement est situé rue Saint Paul, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble historique. 22 m2 (+ couchage en mezzanine) pour profiter du caractère cosy et très ensoleillé. WC au niveau de l'entrée de l'appartement. Salle de bain et cuisine équipée donnant sur le séjour. Deux porte-fenêtres dans la salon donnant sur deux petits balcons Meubles : armoire et commode à votre disposition Dormir perché dans une belle mezzanine (comme dans un cocon).  Lit 160x200 cm Linge de lit mis également à disposition LE quartier historique de Paris, le Marais, toujours vivant. Pleins de petites boutiques à découvrir et une localisation centrale pour visiter la capitale. Métro : ligne 1, arrêt Sain
34761	You will find all practical informations of Paris and the area Inside the apartment. Towels and sheets are changed once a week, if you stay longer. 	"This very conforable apartment is situated on the 4th floor with elevator and direct view of ""Notre Dame"". Fully equiped kitchen, a large shower, a washing machine, free internet wifi, TV, free phone calls (land lines). You will find all practical informations of Paris and the area Inside the apartment. Towels and sheets are changed once a week, if you stay longer.  As I am living Inside the building, It will be easy for you to contact me. I am happy to help you any time. The apartment  is locate Quai aux Fleurs on the ""Ile de la Cité"", where Paris was founded. It's first name was ""Lutetia"". All major Monuments are whithin walking distance.  All major subway lines are closed by. Trains to the Airports and train stations are direct. "
34762	It's a spacious studio, 45 m², located on the second floor of a classic Parisian building. It can comfortably accommodate up to 4 people. There's a cozy main room with a sofa bed, flat screen, piano, and an entrance area/work space. Bathroom with all enmities. Wifi access throughout. Bedroom with real bed. Nicely decorated apartment with all that you may need for a lovely stay!	It's a spacious studio, 45 m², located on the second floor of a classic Parisian building. It can comfortably accommodate up to 4 people. There's a cozy main room with a sofa bed, flat screen, piano, and an entrance area/work space. Bathroom with all enmities. Wifi access throughout. Bedroom with real bed. Nicely decorated apartment with all that you may need for a lovely stay! Located in Le Marais a historical quartier in Paris known for it's rich culture and trendiness. Lively neighborhood filled with cute boutiques, cafes, restaurants, art galleries, and more. It's also known for it's fun nightlife! Walking distance from many touristique sites like Le Louvre, Notre Dame, the Picasso Museum, Place des Vosges, ect.   Conveniently located right between  Saint-Paul and Hôtel de Ville, Metro line 1, from there you will be able to easy explore the rest of Paris. Truly located in the heart of Paris. Please note that for the following times there is an extra charge for check-in:  Between 7:
34763	This lovely vacation rental is located in the historical Marais district in a typical Haussmannian building.  As central as it gets two minutes from Place des Vosges or Notre Dame and walking distance to many city landmarks, you will appreciate saving time so you can enjoy your trip the fullest. Located on the 3rd floor, accessed with elevator, this truly outstanding 19th century parisian apartment is very bright with large southerly exposure. A spacious double living-room, two large bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 dressing room, 1 laundry, 1 WC, and a very large entrance combining modern and ancient decoration. Nearest metro station is Saint-Paul (Line 1) wich is 3 minutes walk only. This line 1 will lead you to Champs Elysées.  Otherwise, there are many different stations nearby. You can enjoy a nice walk to  Notre Dame, Louvre, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayette, Jardins des Tuileries, Chatelet, St michel, etc. All the shops are at St Paul Square. Bus 69 going to  Orsay Museum , Bastille, Pè	This lovely vacation rental is located in the historical Marais district in a typical outstanding 19th century apartment with very bright and large southerly exposure. Sleeping fits for four adults. This lovely vacation rental is located in the historical Marais district in a typical Haussmannian building.  As central as it gets two minutes from Place des Vosges or Notre Dame and walking distance to many city landmarks, you will appreciate saving time so you can enjoy your trip the fullest. Located on the 3rd floor, accessed with elevator, this truly outstanding 19th century parisian apartment is very bright with large southerly exposure. A spacious double living-room, two large bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 dressing room, 1 laundry, 1 WC, and a very large entrance combining modern and ancient decoration. Nearest metro station is Saint-Paul (Line 1) wich is 3 minutes walk only. This line 1 will lead you to Champs Elysées.  Otherwise, there are many different stations nearby. You can enjoy a 
34764	Located 'Rue Budé' on the Ile Saint-Louis, for 3 persons in the most exclusive part of Paris. Charming and very cozy studio (about 26 m2 - 280 sq feets) with old beams and old tiled floor - top comfortable sofa bed with fast one hand set up mechanism (including a real over queen size bed - see comments)  - Wi-Fi, Telephone, computer, flat TV and cable  - Fabulous Italian shower space in the bathroom - Very complete cooking and kitchen equipments - High end appliance (washer dryer, washing machine...) - Small appliance provided (Iron and table, Hair dryer etc...) - Perfect space organization with many closets - Nice living room space - Very quiet place for a very relaxing stay Most of the other studio on the Island offer 40% less space (mostly 15 m2) compared to this one and only a few building have been entirely remodeled like this one. Place with outsanding guestbook (see vacation rental by owner number 168257), entirely reconstructed in a typical 17th century Parisian Building (itsel	Ile Saint Louis is the most exclusive area of Paris. Wide studio (280 sq Feets) entirely refurbished in a 17th century building.  Top charming and perfect for 3. Very well furnished, modern and with top confortable bedding. Icluding wifi and phone Located 'Rue Budé' on the Ile Saint-Louis, for 3 persons in the most exclusive part of Paris. Charming and very cozy studio (about 26 m2 - 280 sq feets) with old beams and old tiled floor - top comfortable sofa bed with fast one hand set up mechanism (including a real over queen size bed - see comments)  - Wi-Fi, Telephone, computer, flat TV and cable  - Fabulous Italian shower space in the bathroom - Very complete cooking and kitchen equipments - High end appliance (washer dryer, washing machine...) - Small appliance provided (Iron and table, Hair dryer etc...) - Perfect space organization with many closets - Nice living room space - Very quiet place for a very relaxing stay Most of the other studio on the Island offer 40% less space (mostly
34765	In the middle of Paris and near the nicest areas: Le Marais, the Seine and the Conciergerie, Beaubourg, etc. Also, less than 5 minutes walking to access 5 different metro lines (lines 1, 4, 5, 11 and 14) and 3 RER trains lines (lines A, B, D) which provide exceptional mobility for tourism purposes. 	Convenient 60 SQM flat in the middle of Paris. 1 nice living room with sofa. 2
34766	"Beautiful and quiet apartment 600 sq ft, with St Denis street  a pedestrian street without cars, in the heart of Paris. Windows in each room with blackout blinds. On 4th  floor of a very ""Parisian"" building (with elevator).  Entrance  kitchen: Mini-dish-washer, laundry washer ,micro-wave oven, programmable coffee machine, toaster, water boiler, cooking device. Dishes and cooking tools. Dish washer. Toilets with wash bassin. Dinning room/living room: Included internet access. Mini stereo player with tuner. HD TV Telephone. Round table, 4 folding chairs. Pullout sofa-bed (140x190) very comfortable for every day sleeping. Bedroom : Double bed (140x200) Clock radio  Closets. Bathroom: Very large shower. Arround the block: - Plenty of retaurants. - Public parking (Forum des Halles). - Grocery and ""all you need"" stuff. 2mn walk from: - Metro stations : Chatelet,  - RER B Les Halles - Louvre museum - rue de Rivoli and Comédie Française - Beaubourg museum - Taxi station  - commercial center ""L"	"In the heart of PARIS : Chatelet - Les Halles On the 5th floor with a lift beautiful apartment close of everything to see in PARIS Beautiful and quiet apartment 600 sq ft, with St Denis street  a pedestrian street without cars, in the heart of Paris. Windows in each room with blackout blinds. On 4th  floor of a very ""Parisian"" building (with elevator).  Entrance  kitchen: Mini-dish-washer, laundry washer ,micro-wave oven, programmable coffee machine, toaster, water boiler, cooking device. Dishes and cooking tools. Dish washer. Toilets with wash bassin. Dinning room/living room: Included internet access. Mini stereo player with tuner. HD TV Telephone. Round table, 4 folding chairs. Pullout sofa-bed (140x190) very comfortable for every day sleeping. Bedroom : Double bed (140x200) Clock radio  Closets. Bathroom: Very large shower. Arround the block: - Plenty of retaurants. - Public parking (Forum des Halles). - Grocery and ""all you need"" stuff. 2mn walk from: - Metro stations : Chatelet, "
34767	Ideally located in the very heart of Paris, this elegant, recently renovated Paris short term apartment is bathed in natural light with good proportions 60m2 (645 sq.ft) and offers complete comfort and privacy. Upon entering this cosy Paris home you will be surprised by the general features of the property: large entrance lobby with authentic Parisian oak hardwood floor opening to the dining room area, living area and the bedroom. A large storage cupboard stands in the entrance. The living room with hardwood floor and a marble fireplace has a view on the town hall of Paris, the roofs of Paris and a little view on the river Seine. From the balcony, you can see the Bastille and St Gervais bell tower. The living room is furnished with a top quality, comfortable leather sofa bed (very easy to open) with an excellent quality mattress, two armchairs, a coffee table, a desk and a large bookcase. Inside the bookcase you will find a brand new entertainment system with a flat screen TV offering 	Ideally located in the very heart of Paris, this elegant, recently renovated Paris short term apartment is bathed in natural light with good proportions 60m2 (645 sq.ft) and offers complete comfort and privacy. Upon entering this cosy Paris home you will be surprised by the general features of the property: large entrance lobby with authentic Parisian oak hardwood floor opening to the dining room area, living area and the bedroom. A large storage cupboard stands in the entrance. The living room with hardwood floor and a marble fireplace has a view on the town hall of Paris, the roofs of Paris and a little view on the river Seine. From the balcony, you can see the Bastille and St Gervais bell tower. The living room is furnished with a top quality, comfortable leather sofa bed (very easy to open) with an excellent quality mattress, two armchairs, a coffee table, a desk and a large bookcase. Inside the bookcase you will find a brand new entertainment system with a flat screen TV offering 
34768	Paris has over 3 reasons to be visited however the main 3, we have it!   -The location, 3eme arrondissement at the Marais, which is such an amazing point to start the excursion of romance, glance and scent of the city. There are also 3 Metro Lines (1, 5 & 8) available which it brings you to the major city sights in less than 30 minutes.   -The apartment conditions are fabulous starting from the bedroom, its beautiful view and double bed bringing such a relaxing time. Following to the separate toilet, bathroom and a joint spacious living room  – kitchen fully equipped.   -Facilities are just of a blink of an eye. Pastry shops, restaurants and Shopping are just around the corner. It is essential to remind that the apartment is a “strictly non-smoking space and no pets allowed”. Thank you for understanding.     Note: there are available two single air mattresses to allocate two additional people.	From one of the finest Parisian Neighbourhoods, this recently refurbished apartment located just a few steps from Place de Vosges ready to show you Paris.    Paris has over 3 reasons to be visited however the main 3, we have it!   -The location, 3eme arrondissement at the Marais, which is such an amazing point to start the excursion of romance, glance and scent of the city. There are also 3 Metro Lines (1, 5 & 8) available which it brings you to the major city sights in less than 30 minutes.   -The apartment conditions are fabulous starting from the bedroom, its beautiful view and double bed bringing such a relaxing time. Following to the separate toilet, bathroom and a joint spacious living room  – kitchen fully equipped.   -Facilities are just of a blink of an eye. Pastry shops, restaurants and Shopping are just around the corner. It is essential to remind that the apartment is a “strictly non-smoking space and no pets allowed”. Thank you for understanding.     Note: there are availa
34769	       This Paris apartment which is perfectly located, sunny and very spacious will suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from the best part of the city for a very fair price. The spacious lounge in this Paris apartment is equipped with a huge marble table where eight people can have dinner. It also has a huge flat screen TV, two couches ver comfy and a coffee table. The main bedroom is equipped with a large, comfortable double bed and looks onto the courtyard. It also has its own basin which can be very useful when there is just one bathroom. The two other bedrooms are equipped with two single beds and have a lot of storage space to stock your belongings and luggage. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped, a great place to improve your French gastronomy skills! The bathroom has both a bathtub and a walk in shower. Lavatories are separate but there is also one in the bathroom. This Paris apartment which is perfectly located, sunny and very spacious will su	    This Paris apartment which is perfectly located, sunny and very spacious will suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from the best part of the city for a very fair price.           This Paris apartment which is perfectly located, sunny and very spacious will suit a family or a group of friends who want to discover Paris from the best part of the city for a very fair price. The spacious lounge in this Paris apartment is equipped with a huge marble table where eight people can have dinner. It also has a huge flat screen TV, two couches ver comfy and a coffee table. The main bedroom is equipped with a large, comfortable double bed and looks onto the courtyard. It also has its own basin which can be very useful when there is just one bathroom. The two other bedrooms are equipped with two single beds and have a lot of storage space to stock your belongings and luggage. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped, a great place to improve your French gastronomy ski
34770	"This chic and very well situated 42 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue de Rivoli in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, phone, DVD, stereo, decorative fireplace, fax. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code. Saint-Paul, an unusual village of antiquities, bric-a-brac, and crafts. Saint-Paul is situated between Rue Saint Antoine and the Seine. In the 4th arrondissement of Paris, the Saint Paul district offers a different atmosphere from the gay-friendly Marais. Ideally situated, Saint Paul is perfect for a short-term rental. Saint Paul, one of the liveliest ""bobo"" (bourgeois bohemian) districts A stone's throw from the famous Place des Vosges, Saint Paul looks like an extension "	"This chic and very well situated 42 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue de Rivoli in the 4th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, wifi, phone, DVD, stereo, decorative fireplace, fax. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code. Saint-Paul, an unusual village of antiquities, bric-a-brac, and crafts. Saint-Paul is situated between Rue Saint Antoine and the Seine. In the 4th arrondissement of Paris, the Saint Paul district offers a different atmosphere from the gay-friendly Marais. Ideally situated, Saint Paul is perfect for a short-term rental. Saint Paul, one of the liveliest ""bobo"" (bourgeois bohemian) districts A stone's throw from the famous Place des Vosges, Saint Paul looks like an extension "
34771	We have a beautiful 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the most visited quartier of Paris. An amazing bright living room that looks into a beautiful, typically-French courtyard and has a view of the Notre Dame tower and two bedrooms, one including a king size bed and the other one a large sofa-bed that can sleep comfortably two persons. The bathroom is large and it has a bathtub and the kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The building is from 1650 and the apartment has been renovated -hardwood floor in all the rooms, tomettes (french style terra cotta tiles) in the bathroom and the kitchen, apparent wooden beams.  Ile de la Cite is the oldest part of Paris and only a small part of it is inhabited. The neighbourhood is one of the most interesting places of the city, right in the middle of the Seine, with the Hotel de Ville on the right bank of the river and the church of Notre Dame before the bridge to the left bank. The area is full of restaurants, French style bistros and coffe	We have a beautiful 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the most visited quartier of Paris. An amazing bright living room that looks into a beautiful, typically-French courtyard and has a view of the Notre Dame tower and two bedrooms, one including a king size bed and the other one a large sofa-bed that can sleep comfortably two persons. The bathroom is large and it has a bathtub and the kitchen is fully equipped and functional. The building is from 1650 and the apartment has been renovated -hardwood floor in all the rooms, tomettes (french style terra cotta tiles) in the bathroom and the kitchen, apparent wooden beams.  Ile de la Cite is the oldest part of Paris and only a small part of it is inhabited. The neighbourhood is one of the most interesting places of the city, right in the middle of the Seine, with the Hotel de Ville on the right bank of the river and the church of Notre Dame before the bridge to the left bank. The area is full of restaurants, French style bistros and coffe
34772	> First bedroom with 1 double bed = 2 people > Second bedroom with 1 double bed = 2 people > First SDB in the First Room equipped with shower, bidet and WC > Second bathroom accessed from the living room and also equipped with shower, bidet and WC > 1 hairdryer in each bathroom The bedrooms have large closets with closet and drawers. > Grand carefully decorated lounge > Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, oven, kettle, ceramic hobs, toaster etc. > Dining area open to the living room with table and 6 chairs. > Lift > Internet wifi,	Very close to the Pompidou Centre, 2 bedrooms with 2 built bathrooms, large living room with kitchenette equipped. Paris rooftops view from the 5th floor. Quiet in a lively neighborhood. Perfect for exploring Paris. > First bedroom with 1 double bed = 2 people > Second bedroom with 1 double bed = 2 people > First SDB in the First Room equipped with shower, bidet and WC > Second bathroom accessed from the living room and also equipped with shower, bidet and WC > 1 hairdryer in each bathroom The bedrooms have large closets with closet and drawers. > Grand carefully decorated lounge > Fully equipped kitchen with microwave, oven, kettle, ceramic hobs, toaster etc. > Dining area open to the living room with table and 6 chairs. > Lift > Internet wifi, The accommodation is fully available to travelers. No restrictions. I would not be in the apartment. But I live right next door and I can go to the apartment in 15 minutes to everything you would need. Lively. The apartment is located in a quie
34773		Cet appartement de 50 m2, est idéal pour une famille ou groupe d'amis de 4 personnes. Il est situé dans un quartier touristique.
34774	The apartment is located in the earth of The Marais : one of the most beautiful Paris district, very safe and secure ! Near Opéra Bastille, Ile-Saint-louis, Notre-Dame, Centre Georges-Pompidou, le Louvre ... It is easy walking distance to many of the Paris sites and metro lines ! In this flat everything has been thoroughly thought out to organize the space in a a very functional way to make your Paris stay a very special break in your life !  FLAT FACILITIES  ------------------------------------------------------------------ • Price Includes ALL Bills! : Hot Water, Electricity, Heating, Waste, Internet Wireless Broadband [WIFI] • Historic Art Deco Block • Specially bright Living Room with a big window • Fast Broadband Wireless Internet + HD TV & DVD • Very Comfortable Double Sofa Bed • Wardrobe to hang clothing with hangers • Spacious Table [80x80cm] to have a comfortable dinner • Great amount of Storage  • Modern Kitchen Fully equipped with a big window • Washing Machine • Modern Bath	CHARMING DESIGNER FLAT at LE MARAIS PLACE DES VOSGES Location Central Historic Paris Studio is perfect location and accommodation for Tourism or Business Perfect for Couples or Single SLEEPS UP TO 2 PEOPLE!  Best suited for 2 adults  1 Double SofaBed The apartment is located in the earth of The Marais : one of the most beautiful Paris district, very safe and secure ! Near Opéra Bastille, Ile-Saint-louis, Notre-Dame, Centre Georges-Pompidou, le Louvre ... It is easy walking distance to many of the Paris sites and metro lines ! In this flat everything has been thoroughly thought out to organize the space in a a very functional way to make your Paris stay a very special break in your life !  FLAT FACILITIES  ------------------------------------------------------------------ • Price Includes ALL Bills! : Hot Water, Electricity, Heating, Waste, Internet Wireless Broadband [WIFI] • Historic Art Deco Block • Specially bright Living Room with a big window • Fast Broadband Wireless Internet + H
34775	Great work courtyard facade will be finished late November 2013!!! You can book it!!! At the heart of the Swamp, in 200m of the subway station, St-Paul-le Marais, is situated your apartment, of Haussmann type(chap), installed(settled) on the 1st floor with elevator of a beautiful stone building of size. Your seasonal rented apartment is established(constituted) by an entrance(entry), of one dress(toilet), a cooking(kitchen), of a room(chamber) of 20m ², with 2 single beds which can position coast(rib) - side issue and of a big lounge(show) room has ' food with 1 big sofa beds and a sofa '. Three spaces have a parquet(public prosecutor's department) polished in oak of time(period), arranged in chevron. Every room(part,play) has its own color to excite at best the own characteristics and the charm. A quite particular care was carried(worn) in the decoration. A fully-equipped kitchen: fridge, 2 heating plates, kettle, toaster, microwaves, dishes, will allow you to get ready a rich meal be	Great work courtyard facade will be finished late November 2013!!! You can book it!!! At the heart of the Swamp, in 200m of the subway station, St-Paul-le Marais, is situated your apartment, of Haussmann type(chap), installed(settled) on the 1st floor with elevator of a beautiful stone building of size. Your seasonal rented apartment is established(constituted) by an entrance(entry), of one dress(toilet), a cooking(kitchen), of a room(chamber) of 20m ², with 2 single beds which can position coast(rib) - side issue and of a big lounge(show) room has ' food with 1 big sofa beds and a sofa '. Three spaces have a parquet(public prosecutor's department) polished in oak of time(period), arranged in chevron. Every room(part,play) has its own color to excite at best the own characteristics and the charm. A quite particular care was carried(worn) in the decoration. A fully-equipped kitchen: fridge, 2 heating plates, kettle, toaster, microwaves, dishes, will allow you to get ready a rich meal be
34776	This master bedroom has its own dressing, a bathroom (with bath tub) and a separate toilet. It is facing east and is bathed in light all morning. Its windows (soundproof)  are facing a very quiet street and a magnificent tree. It has a double bed (180 x 200), from Caravane (a most exclusive Parisian store), a desk, a double sofa and a pearl armchair. Contemporary art and modern photography on the walls makes this room beyond unique.  (Wi-Fi but no TV in the room). Just like a hotel junior suite !	In the heart of the Marais, next to place des Vosges and the Jewish district, this room is a like a junior suite, with a sofa,  a huge dressing, a private bathroom and separate toilet. It is facing a manificient tree, in a quiet but  central street. This master bedroom has its own dressing, a bathroom (with bath tub) and a separate toilet. It is facing east and is bathed in light all morning. Its windows (soundproof)  are facing a very quiet street and a magnificent tree. It has a double bed (180 x 200), from Caravane (a most exclusive Parisian store), a desk, a double sofa and a pearl armchair. Contemporary art and modern photography on the walls makes this room beyond unique.  (Wi-Fi but no TV in the room). Just like a hotel junior suite ! You may access the  beautiful kitchen with tiles from the XIXe century (with a dishwasher, oven, toaster, kettle, espresso machine), I'll be happy to assist you with any questions you may have on Paris, where to go, what to see, etc. The apartment 
34777	There is double bed in the bedroom and one  sofa bed for 2 in the living room.	"Located in the historical center of Paris, the apartment with air-conditioning is 2 steps away from Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville, the Seine and make it possible to wander in the Marais area. Newly renovated, the flat can accomodate 4 adults. There is double bed in the bedroom and one  sofa bed for 2 in the living room. I would be happy to help you out during your stay in Paris, by giving you useful address in the neighbourhood, just need to ask. The flat is located in the real heart of Paris. Which facilitate sightseeing on foot and is also very well served by public transport. You can enjoy the abundant number of restaurants and cafés located in the area or visit the many museums and art galleries nearby. The subway station Hotel de Ville is within 200m with quick access to RER ""Chatelet-Les Halles"" which goes directly to the airport or the many train stations of Paris."
34778	"Because many people don't read all the announcement, I have to precise first that the flat is located on the 6th and top floor (NO ELEVATOR), which makes it very clear, with a view of the roofs of Paris. Located in the famous and atypical ""Rue des Rosiers"", street where Falafels snack bars meet creators' shops, this studio is calm, overlooking a courtyard and Parisian roofs. The district in the heart of the City of  Light is very well served by public transportation:     - the subway stop “Saint Paul” (line 1) is less than 300 meters from the building and allows a connection express with Châtelet-Les Halles, Le Louvre, Champs-Elysées or even Bastille.      - the subway stop ""Pont-Marie"" (line 7) is at 600 meters and allows you to join Opéra and Place d'Italie     - numerous buses are available with direct lines to Opéra, Montparnasse, Le Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower as well as Pigalle and Montmartre. Refurbished in 2012, the studio flat can welcome up to 4 people. It contains a s"	"I'm offering you this lovely studio well located in the heart of the capital in “Le Marais”, festive, relaxed and trendy district that counts famous Parisian monuments and numerous bars and restaurants. Because many people don't read all the announcement, I have to precise first that the flat is located on the 6th and top floor (NO ELEVATOR), which makes it very clear, with a view of the roofs of Paris. Located in the famous and atypical ""Rue des Rosiers"", street where Falafels snack bars meet creators' shops, this studio is calm, overlooking a courtyard and Parisian roofs. The district in the heart of the City of  Light is very well served by public transportation:     - the subway stop “Saint Paul” (line 1) is less than 300 meters from the building and allows a connection express with Châtelet-Les Halles, Le Louvre, Champs-Elysées or even Bastille.      - the subway stop ""Pont-Marie"" (line 7) is at 600 meters and allows you to join Opéra and Place d'Italie     - numerous buses are av"
34779	It is in the heart of the ancient Marais, tucked away from the noise of the city on a quiet courtyard. Every attention has been given to charm and comfort. Conveniently located close to public transportation, in the heart of the Village Saint Paul, and two blocks from the Seine, it is walking distance to almost all major attractions in Paris including the Louvre, Places Des Vosges, Bastille Opera, and Notre Dame. The apartment is two short flights up from the ground floor (sorry, no elevator). A personal CONCIERGE will meet you when you arrive and will be available during your stay. Private chauffeur service to and from the airport or train station is available (additional fee 90Euros for 2, highly recommended).	This is a gorgeous, totally renovated large Parisian studio in a 17th century building with massive oak beams, Jerusalem limestone and old oak floors, luxurious fabrics, antique furnishings and all modern amenities. It is in the heart of the ancient Marais, tucked away from the noise of the city on a quiet courtyard. Every attention has been given to charm and comfort. Conveniently located close to public transportation, in the heart of the Village Saint Paul, and two blocks from the Seine, it is walking distance to almost all major attractions in Paris including the Louvre, Places Des Vosges, Bastille Opera, and Notre Dame. The apartment is two short flights up from the ground floor (sorry, no elevator). A personal CONCIERGE will meet you when you arrive and will be available during your stay. Private chauffeur service to and from the airport or train station is available (additional fee 90Euros for 2, highly recommended). The concierge will meet you and give you your keys and acquain
34780	The building is a very charming building which was built in the 18th century. To access the flat you have to walk through a very nice wooden door -Porte cochère in French and a paved courtyard. The flat is located on the 6th and last floor and is accessible with stairs or with a lift. A private 3m2 west oriented balcony is available to enjoy the sunset, the amazing view over Carnavalet Museum, the roofs of the Marais and Beaubourg. Though tiny, around 11m2, the flat is very convenient. It has been furnished with high quality products from the french designer Cinna. Touristic information is available as well as a guide but don't hesitate to ask questions... Please note that this place is for ONE person only. Since there are plants on the balcony, I might ask you to water those plants when it's warm and of course if you don't bother :-) If you decide to stay at my place, I except you to take care of my belongings! Thanks. :-)	Luxury cocoon in the heart of the Marais; top floor with balcony. Since I had problems with some people who think whatever they want, I don't rent to people who don't have any positive review. The building is a very charming building which was built in the 18th century. To access the flat you have to walk through a very nice wooden door -Porte cochère in French and a paved courtyard. The flat is located on the 6th and last floor and is accessible with stairs or with a lift. A private 3m2 west oriented balcony is available to enjoy the sunset, the amazing view over Carnavalet Museum, the roofs of the Marais and Beaubourg. Though tiny, around 11m2, the flat is very convenient. It has been furnished with high quality products from the french designer Cinna. Touristic information is available as well as a guide but don't hesitate to ask questions... Please note that this place is for ONE person only. Since there are plants on the balcony, I might ask you to water those plants when it's war
34781	The appartment is small but very comfortable, well decorated and romantic : ideal for a couple. For our guests : TV, free Wi-Fi, oven, microwave, coffee machine, fridge (no dishwasher).	"In the historical heart of Paris, 3 min by walk from Notre-Dame cathedral and Marais : lovely appartment located on the last floor with a beautiful view on Paris rooftops. Very quiet, typical shops and restaurants at the foot of the building. The appartment is small but very comfortable, well decorated and romantic : ideal for a couple. For our guests : TV, free Wi-Fi, oven, microwave, coffee machine, fridge (no dishwasher). The apartment is located on the 5th floor without elevator Very charming and romantic area of Paris. Good places to eat and drink in french restaurants or picnic near the Seine. Lots of typical shops (bakery, cheese dairy, winery, ""Berthillon"" ice creams...) Ideal location to visit Paris : metro, bus, bycicle only at 3 min by walk."
34782	The second bed is a Sofa-bed located in the living room. 2nd European floor with elevator (3rd US) 27 m2 (@290 ft2), 2 separate rooms, plus bathroom Sleeping accommodations:     Double bed in bedroom     Double sofa bed in living room Equipped kitchenette which includes:     Microwave oven & grill combo unit     Coffee maker     Washer/dryer     Under-counter refrigerator/freezer     All dishes, cutlery & glasses FREE local calls - except to mobiles FREE calls to North America FREE high speed Internet access; Wi-Fi or cable Flat screen cable TV with some English channels Bathroom  which includes:     Large shower     Sink     WC     Towel warmer     Hair dryer Towels & linens Iron/board Extra cleaning service available for additional fee (the apartment is clean on arrival)	"This charming apartment is located in the heart of ""the hottest""Paris district. Steps from Beaubourg, Place des Vosges and Notre Dame. Perfect for art lovers and ""fashionistas"". Apartment is set back onto courtyard, it is quite and peaceful. The second bed is a Sofa-bed located in the living room. 2nd European floor with elevator (3rd US) 27 m2 (@290 ft2), 2 separate rooms, plus bathroom Sleeping accommodations:     Double bed in bedroom     Double sofa bed in living room Equipped kitchenette which includes:     Microwave oven & grill combo unit     Coffee maker     Washer/dryer     Under-counter refrigerator/freezer     All dishes, cutlery & glasses FREE local calls - except to mobiles FREE calls to North America FREE high speed Internet access; Wi-Fi or cable Flat screen cable TV with some English channels Bathroom  which includes:     Large shower     Sink     WC     Towel warmer     Hair dryer Towels & linens Iron/board Extra cleaning service available for additional fee (the apart"
34783	This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a very good standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code, another door with an intercom (with a video system). The apartment has a view on the Seine River, the Eiffel Tower, the top of Notre Dame, The Pantheon and the Montparnasse Tour on the back.	Charming 1-bedroom apartment to rent for four people in Paris - Le Marais. Ideally located, entirely renovated, the promise of an unforgettable stay in a fantastic area of Paris ! This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a very good standing building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code, another door with an intercom (with a video system). The apartment has a view on the Seine River, the Eiffel Tower, the top of Notre Dame, The Pantheon and the Montparnasse Tour on the back. This 43sqm apartment has two rooms : a separate bedroom and a living-room. It can sleep a total of four people. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms. First, the main room. It has a living-room area with a sofabed for two people (140x190) and a large storage space for your clothes and luggage and a flat TV set with a DVD player. The dining are features a dining table for four people. This room is bright, one of the windows gives on the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Notre Dame, etc.. w
34784	Dear Guest, WHO never wanted to stay or live in Ile Saint Louis!!! Amazing place in Paris. Just like in small french town. I would like to introduce you to this perfect appartment in ile sqint louis in Paris. The place is just lovely and perfect for the family of 4 peoples or couples. All ustencils, kitchen waves, machines  and linens are included and provided upon arrival.  there are 2 Sofa bed : 1 for the parent, 1 for children. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. We are 5min from everything!!!  Saint germain, Hôtel de ville, Marais, Louvre, Notre dame etc....  We have more than 2 subways lines and stations, also 4 différents buses who is going every where in Paris. Please don't forget to read our house rules before the booking.  Check in is between 3pm - 9pm after 9pm you have to come to us pick up the key in our offic	Dear Guest, WHO never wanted to stay or live in Ile Saint Louis!!! Amazing place in Paris. Just like in small french town. I would like to introduce you to this perfect appartment in ile sqint louis in Paris. The place is just lovely and perfect for the family of 4 peoples or couples. All ustencils, kitchen waves, machines  and linens are included and provided upon arrival.  there are 2 Sofa bed : 1 for the parent, 1 for children. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. We are 5min from everything!!!  Saint germain, Hôtel de ville, Marais, Louvre, Notre dame etc....  We have more than 2 subways lines and stations, also 4 différents buses who is going every where in Paris. Please don't forget to read our house rules before the booking.  Check in is between 3pm - 9pm after 9pm you have to come to us pick up the key in our offic
34785	Paris Rambuteau - les Halle furnished apartment to rent, At the heart of the Marais, close to Notre-Dame, les Halles.  The apartment : 2 rooms appartement , being able to receive up to 4 people to feel as at home. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a good bedding and with a cupboard to tidy up your clothes. Sheets are supplied. The shower-room is equipped with a modern shower with shower rain, and flexible. Towels are supplied . The living room possesses a sofa/bed for sleeping for 2 people, a table, a TV and an internet WIFI. The kitchen possesses a refrigerator, a microwave, heating plates, a washing machine. The apartment gives onto a quiet court.  The district : You are at the heart of Paris, that you came for the culture, the shopping, the gastronomy, Parisian nights or the charm of the walks on the banks of the Seine. Rambuteau or Châtelet - les Halles which is the most important subway station of Paris allowing you to go in all the city very quickly or to reach direc	Paris Rambuteau - les Halle furnished apartment to rent, At the heart of the Marais, close to Notre-Dame, les Halles.  Paris Rambuteau - les Halle furnished apartment to rent, At the heart of the Marais, close to Notre-Dame, les Halles.  The apartment : 2 rooms appartement , being able to receive up to 4 people to feel as at home. The bedroom is equipped with a double bed with a good bedding and with a cupboard to tidy up your clothes. Sheets are supplied. The shower-room is equipped with a modern shower with shower rain, and flexible. Towels are supplied . The living room possesses a sofa/bed for sleeping for 2 people, a table, a TV and an internet WIFI. The kitchen possesses a refrigerator, a microwave, heating plates, a washing machine. The apartment gives onto a quiet court.  The district : You are at the heart of Paris, that you came for the culture, the shopping, the gastronomy, Parisian nights or the charm of the walks on the banks of the Seine. Rambuteau or Châtelet - les Halle
34786	"Hi, I am proposing an apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4rd arrondissement of Paris. The apartment is situated in the heart of Paris, right where the famous Rue des Rosiers beginns, with the world's best falafels :). Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated one block away from the Musée Carnavalet and the Picasso Museum, where the Marquise de Sévigné used to live, and 100 meters from the Place des Vosges, the first public square in the history of France, with the Victor Hugo house. You are also one block from the St-Paul subway station (Line 1) and 200 meters from the Seine and Ile St Louis, with the Cathédrale de Notre Dame. An ""Autolib"" station (electric car renting) was recently built on our street !  The apartment is strictly for non smokers. There is a wasching machine, iron, hairdryer, etc. The apartment is in a 3rd floor with elevator, has heating and is always clean thanks to my awesome cleaning la"	"Awesome apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4th ""arrondissement"". One block away from St Paul station and the Picasso Museum.  Hi, I am proposing an apartment in the very center of Le Marais, the bohemian 4rd arrondissement of Paris. The apartment is situated in the heart of Paris, right where the famous Rue des Rosiers beginns, with the world's best falafels :). Many advantages make this apartment the perfect place for your stay in Paris : the flat is situated one block away from the Musée Carnavalet and the Picasso Museum, where the Marquise de Sévigné used to live, and 100 meters from the Place des Vosges, the first public square in the history of France, with the Victor Hugo house. You are also one block from the St-Paul subway station (Line 1) and 200 meters from the Seine and Ile St Louis, with the Cathédrale de Notre Dame. An ""Autolib"" station (electric car renting) was recently built on our street !  The apartment is strictly for non smokers. There is a wasc"
34787		chambre privée
34788	18m² + mezzanine. A double bed in the mezzanine + a 2 places convertible couch. Bathroom with wc. Completly equipated with fridge and freezer, microwave oven, iron, washing machine, TV and WIFI	"18m² stuffed studio with mezzanine located between Châtelet and Hotel de Ville in a pedestrian street. 2nd Floor 18m² + mezzanine. A double bed in the mezzanine + a 2 places convertible couch. Bathroom with wc. Completly equipated with fridge and freezer, microwave oven, iron, washing machine, TV and WIFI Whole appartment I'm not living any more on the appartment so you will be indipendent and have access to all comodities. The appartment is located in the heart of ""Le Marais"" 15 minutes walking from Place des Vosges, behind Centre Pompidou, 200 metres from Notre Dame, 10 minutes from Louvre Museum. All comodities around (pharmacy, supermarket, restaurants, bars) You can have a walk in the old marais (rue du Temple, rue des Franc-Bourgeois, rue des Rosiers) RER A and B (direct from Orly or Roissy Airport) Metro station: Châtelet or Hôtel de Ville All the buses + nigth bus stops on Châtelet "
34789	This apartment to rent in Paris is located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building secured by a door code. The lift is also secured with a code. The windows are double glazed, they give on a courtyard. The apartment is then very quiet even if the street is busy. This 42 sqm apartment has two rooms, it can sleep up to four guests. The entrance directly gives on the living/dining-room. Its warm tones makes this room very homey. It features a comfortable couch (sofabed for two people, 140×200), an armchair, a coffee table and a flat television with a cable TV box and a DVD player. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, and you will find a dining table for four people. From this main room you will then access the bedroom. It is comfortable, with a double bed 140×200 and a spacious dressing, perfect for your clothes and suitcases. The bedroom, just as the whole apartment, is very quiet as it gives on a courtyard. The bathroom gives on the living-room. It is in perfect condit	Very charming 42sqm 1-bedroom apartment suitable for four people in Paris - Saint Louis Island. Decorated and renovated in 2013, very homey, this place and its location will be the promise of a unforgettable stay ! This apartment to rent in Paris is located on the 3rd floor of a very high standing building secured by a door code. The lift is also secured with a code. The windows are double glazed, they give on a courtyard. The apartment is then very quiet even if the street is busy. This 42 sqm apartment has two rooms, it can sleep up to four guests. The entrance directly gives on the living/dining-room. Its warm tones makes this room very homey. It features a comfortable couch (sofabed for two people, 140×200), an armchair, a coffee table and a flat television with a cable TV box and a DVD player. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, and you will find a dining table for four people. From this main room you will then access the bedroom. It is comfortable, with a double bed 140×
34790	"Right in the historic Marais district, between the banks of the Seine and the rue de Rivoli, 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame ... has 10 minutres the Place des Vosges, I invite you you ""loover"" in a spacious 15 m2 decorated by interior architect. You will have an en suite bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen: A dishwasher, washing machine / dryer, microwave, etc. ... machine kf / WC / free wireless internet (with key) Visit: Hotel de Ville = 5 minutes walk Centre George Pompidou = 5 minutes walk Notre Dame = 5 minutes walk Beaubourg = 15 minutes walk Place de la Republique = 20 minutes walk Louvre = 20 minutes walk Transport: Station ""Hotel de Ville"" Line 1 serves the strategic stations to visit Paris: Champs-Elysées, Châtelet, Nation and Defence 5 minutes from metro Hotel de Ville (line 1), Saint Paul (line 1) and Pont Marie (line 7) Châtelet station is 10 minutes walk, it is very convenient to get to Paris airports (Orly and Charles de Gaulle) Being Independent Professional Pho"	"In the Center, Historic & Touristic District of Paris Near the River Seine,Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, Pompidou & Louve Museum !  Lounge / sofa / TV + large bed 160X200. Right in the historic Marais district, between the banks of the Seine and the rue de Rivoli, 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame ... has 10 minutres the Place des Vosges, I invite you you ""loover"" in a spacious 15 m2 decorated by interior architect. You will have an en suite bathroom with bath, a fully equipped kitchen: A dishwasher, washing machine / dryer, microwave, etc. ... machine kf / WC / free wireless internet (with key) Visit: Hotel de Ville = 5 minutes walk Centre George Pompidou = 5 minutes walk Notre Dame = 5 minutes walk Beaubourg = 15 minutes walk Place de la Republique = 20 minutes walk Louvre = 20 minutes walk Transport: Station ""Hotel de Ville"" Line 1 serves the strategic stations to visit Paris: Champs-Elysées, Châtelet, Nation and Defence 5 minutes from metro Hotel de Ville (line 1), Saint Paul (line 1) "
34791	CHARMING APARTMENT BELONGING TO TWO FRENCH WRITERS WHOI LIVE MOSTLY IN THEIR COUNJTRY HOUSE IN BURGUNDY ONE BEDROOM ON 3 E ETAGE OF A SMALL WELL MAINTAINED BUILDING WITH TWO SECURITY CODES AND INTERPHONE .  NO ELEVATOR  A WALL OF BOOKS IN LIVING ROOM  WELL EQIUIPPED  FULL KITCHEN WITH GRANITE COUNTERS  HANDY TO TRANSPORT , METRO LINES 1 AND 7 , AS WELL AS MANY BUS LINES ON THE CORNER OF QUAIO DE BETHUNE TO TAKE YOU EVERYWHERE YOU DONT FEEL LIKE WALKING  A VERY UPSCALE  AND SAFE NEIGHBOURHOOD ,  MANY FAMOUS PEOPLE LIVE NEARBY INCLUDING  FAMOUS ACTORS AND POLITICIANS  IF ANY PROBLEMS HELP IS A P[HONE CALL AWAY - EITHER TO OUR PARIS REPRESENTATIVE  WHIO IS 20 MINUTES AWAY , OR TO US IN CALIFORNIA  MANY WONDERFUL RESTAURANTS ARE NEARBY- WE SEND YOU A LIST - . AS WELL SUPERKMARKETS ARE 5 MINUTES WALK , AND   POST OFFICE , PATISSERIES , CHESSE SHOPS ARE JUST NEARBY ON ILE SAINT LOUIS	wonderful apartment in best Central Paris location  It has  real old Paris  style decor  It is owned by two writers who live most of the time in their Country house in Burgundy . They are happy to rent it when they dont need it themselves  CHARMING APARTMENT BELONGING TO TWO FRENCH WRITERS WHOI LIVE MOSTLY IN THEIR COUNJTRY HOUSE IN BURGUNDY ONE BEDROOM ON 3 E ETAGE OF A SMALL WELL MAINTAINED BUILDING WITH TWO SECURITY CODES AND INTERPHONE .  NO ELEVATOR  A WALL OF BOOKS IN LIVING ROOM  WELL EQIUIPPED  FULL KITCHEN WITH GRANITE COUNTERS  HANDY TO TRANSPORT , METRO LINES 1 AND 7 , AS WELL AS MANY BUS LINES ON THE CORNER OF QUAIO DE BETHUNE TO TAKE YOU EVERYWHERE YOU DONT FEEL LIKE WALKING  A VERY UPSCALE  AND SAFE NEIGHBOURHOOD ,  MANY FAMOUS PEOPLE LIVE NEARBY INCLUDING  FAMOUS ACTORS AND POLITICIANS  IF ANY PROBLEMS HELP IS A P[HONE CALL AWAY - EITHER TO OUR PARIS REPRESENTATIVE  WHIO IS 20 MINUTES AWAY , OR TO US IN CALIFORNIA  MANY WONDERFUL RESTAURANTS ARE NEARBY- WE SEND YOU A LIS
34792	In a very high standing building that has been entirely refurbished and secured with two different codes. There is a large lift at your disposal (a wheel chair can easily fit in). The Paris apartment is on the first floor, looking onto the courtyard. The flat itself is equipped with very high quality and brand new furniture and equipment. Good taste, comfort and quality were keywords in the furnishment of this place. Each room has a portable A/C unit. Everything in this Paris flat has been thought through and designed for your own satisfaction and pleasure. The living room is equipped with a double sofa bed that allows two further people to sleep there, a table to have dinner and a desk where one will be able to work. The decoration is  very homely, you will dream all day long during your Paris visits of the deserved and desired relaxation time you will have there. The kitchen is open on the living room and comes fully equipped. Very functional and of a high standard, it twill turn you	Everything in this Paris rental flat has been thought through and designed for your own satisfaction and pleasure. It is warm and comfortable, ideally located and will perfectly suit a family or friends discovering Paris. In a very high standing building that has been entirely refurbished and secured with two different codes. There is a large lift at your disposal (a wheel chair can easily fit in). The Paris apartment is on the first floor, looking onto the courtyard. The flat itself is equipped with very high quality and brand new furniture and equipment. Good taste, comfort and quality were keywords in the furnishment of this place. Each room has a portable A/C unit. Everything in this Paris flat has been thought through and designed for your own satisfaction and pleasure. The living room is equipped with a double sofa bed that allows two further people to sleep there, a table to have dinner and a desk where one will be able to work. The decoration is  very homely, you will dream all
34793	Charming 3 rooms overlooking the Seine. Appliances and bedding in very good condition. Comfort. Ideal for a couple. A sofa bed is possible if asking especially.	This apartment with the view on the Ile Saint Louis and the Seine river is located in the heart of Paris, behind Notre Dame and facing the Marais district. Ideal for a couple, a large living room is perfect for a romantic dinner overlooking the boats Charming 3 rooms overlooking the Seine. Appliances and bedding in very good condition. Comfort. Ideal for a couple. A sofa bed is possible if asking especially. You get access to all the flat. We can share by email, phone and Viber. We will not be present during the stay. You will have the pleasure of waking up to the sounds of seagulls and boat, stroll on the docks, or relax after a long walk in rest sun terrace.  You are 300 m from BHV Marais for all your shopping, clothing and perfumes.  Several tipical markets around such as Maubert Mutuality located 400 m.  Brasserie Ile St Louis for lunch on the terrace overlooking the Seine  The brasserie Pont Louis Philippe  The small restaurants and cafes of L’Ile Saint Louis to discover. Maison B
34794	"Amazing studio in the famous area of Paris ""Le Marais"". Good vibes, You have to dicvover by yourself this historic area with his lot of shops , bar , restaurant and real parisien atmosphere. I will be for you for any recommandation, secret place.. typical parisian flat, with pure vibe, with all commodities, very quiet with elevator all in the flat always here for you best in paris. Heart of paris , historic bastille ligne 1 saint paul lign 1"	"Amazing studio in the famous area of Paris ""Le Marais"". Good vibes, You have to discover by yourself this historic area with his lot of shops , bar , restaurant and real parisien atmosphere. I will be for you for any recommandation, secret place.."
34795	 This apartment is on the 1st floor. The location is great and everything is so conveniently located. APARTMENT FEATURES:  First floor: 1 bedroom with queen size beds for 2 and a bathroom, Main floor: dining area, living room area, kitchen with all equipments, a convertible sofa for 2 people and a bathroom. There’s a washing machine. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. We want to make sure your stay is positive as possible! 	Hi and welcome to one of the most central apartments available in Paris. This contemporary 1 bedroom apartment is situated in the heart Le Marais district. It offers the perfect base from which to explore Paris. I would say this apartment is very well suited to a family of four. This apartment is on the 1st floor. The location is great and everything is so conveniently located. APARTMENT FEATURES:  First floor: 1 bedroom with queen size beds for 2 and a bathroom, Main floor: dining area, living room area, kitchen with all equipments, a convertible sofa for 2 people and a bathroom. There’s a washing machine. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. We want to make sure your stay is positive as possible! There are a huge options of restaurants, attractions, shows, displays, theaters, beauty salon, banks, farmacy and grocery stores right on your street.  Most important you have the metro lines 1 Subway within 10 minutes walk (Saint
34796		Grandes chambres dans appartement haussmannien  de 120 m2 au cœur du quartier historique et animé du Marais; proche de Notre Dame, du Centre Pompidou à deux pas de deux stations  de métro. Nous serons ravis de vous faire decouvrir nos bons plans !
34797	This apartment is located on the 1st floor of an ancient building without a lift. The building overlooks a lovely courtyard. The access secured by two door codes. The romantic alley leading to the courtyard comes out directly at Notre-Dame Cathedral.  All the windows look on to another quiet courtyard.	Right in front of Notre Dame, this is a perfect Paris apartment rental for a couple looking to stay in a bright and comfortable space. In a central location in the city, this apartment is ideal for exploring Paris. This apartment is located on the 1st floor of an ancient building without a lift. The building overlooks a lovely courtyard. The access secured by two door codes. The romantic alley leading to the courtyard comes out directly at Notre-Dame Cathedral.  All the windows look on to another quiet courtyard. This 55sqm Paris apartment rental has two rooms. The entrance opens to the main room. It is organized in two areas; the dining room, with a dining table where four guests can sit, and the living-room with two comfortable chairs, a coffee table and a desk. From the main room you can access the bedroom. It has a queen size bed (160x200) and a large wardrobe to store your clothes. Just off the bedroom is the bathroom. It is quite spacious and has a bathtub and two washbasins. Thi
34798	In aera very central, very hype. And appartment very quiet.	Charming quiet one bedroom apartment in an incredibly central location -  on a pedestrian street in the 1st next to the Centre Pompidou.   Elevator building.  Bedroom on a quiet courtyard.   Sleeps 3 ( one  person in living room)   Well equipped kitchen.  Internet and tv.   Great area with lively bars and restaurants.  Near the Louvre, Notre Dame and the Marais.  Very close to metro and the Chatelet station for the train from Roissy CDG airport.
34799	The appartment seems to be a small house facing a courtyard with a lovely garden in a very quiet place in the famous quarters of Le Marais in Paris, one of the best areas of the city with easy access to its most important sites.	Lovely, unique and cozy appartment for rent in Le Marais facing a garden in a courtyard, minimum 5 nights or longer periods. Fully equiped recently renovated, Italian shower,  luxurious decoration, air conditioning, can lodge up to 4 people. The appartment seems to be a small house facing a courtyard with a lovely garden in a very quiet place in the famous quarters of Le Marais in Paris, one of the best areas of the city with easy access to its most important sites.  Art Galleries, Restaurants, shops, pharmacies, banks, groceries, museums and transport facilities all at walking distance. Ile St Louis, Notre Dame, the Picasso Museum are among them. They can reach me whenever they wish on my cell phone. My only request is to avoid being noisy, the neighbours are very picky about it.
