7800	Appartement historique au 5° étage, très lumineux et très bien distribué. La chambre mène directement par un grand couloir au côté cuisine, sanitaire et salle de bains. Grande autonomie de circulation.	"Chambre lumineuse avec un lit double (120 cm de large, possibilité 2 personnes) et petit déjeuner compris.  Appartement ancien (1895) et lumineux, étage élevé, balcons, vue sur Paris, à deux pas des stations bus, métro et RER ""GARE DU NORD"" Appartement historique au 5° étage, très lumineux et très bien distribué. La chambre mène directement par un grand couloir au côté cuisine, sanitaire et salle de bains. Grande autonomie de circulation. Adresse à moins de 5' de la gare du Nord où il y a les trains internationaux Thalys et Eurostar, les RER B, D  et E, les métros ligne 4 et 5, les bus (phone number hidden) et 54 Paris est une si belle ville que c'est un plaisir de recommander des visites culturelles ou sportives, des expositions, des manifestations... Anglais peu parlé mais surtout l'espagnol. quartier très agréable par la proximité du bassin de la Villette et de son canal de l'Ourcq que l'on peut longer à pied ou en vélo, manger au bord de l'eau, profiter des deux cinémas MK2 ""art et"
7801	typiquement Parisien! offre une vue splendide sur les toits de Paris. Studio fonctionnel pouvant hebergé 3 personnes.	Amazing studio with little balcony where you can see the Canal st Martin and live the typically Parisian life. This area really popular can offer quiet life or bubble mood:you are in the middle of Paris. Marie,the lovely guardian is here if you like. typiquement Parisien! offre une vue splendide sur les toits de Paris. Studio fonctionnel pouvant hebergé 3 personnes. accès à 8 lignes de metro à pied a moins de 10minutes! 8 tubes lines at 10min walk chalereux! commerce de proximité,balade,bar restaurant et le charme du canal!
7802	This is the apartment I'm living in. It's fully furnished (TV, Internet, oven). The place is yours (no other guest will be there while you're staying.) It is 5 minutes walk from the Canal Saint Martin where you can find a lot of tasty restaurants and hip bars.	This is the apartment I'm living in. It's fully furnished (TV, Internet, oven). The place is yours (no other guest will be there while you're staying.) It is 5 minutes walk from the Canal Saint Martin where you can find a lot of tasty restaurants and hip bars. Fridge, Eater, Oven, Dish washer, Internet, TV, Elevator, bathub...you name it :) I'll show you the place around and give some advice on the neighborhood at check in. The Canal Saint Martin is one of the most dynamic area in Paris right now. You'll be in the very heart of the neighborhood where you can find as many restaurants and bars as it pleases you. It is also not far from other really nice neighborhoods such as: Bastille, Oberkampf, Le Marais (all 15 min walk) Line 2 is 3min walk (Colonel Fabien) And you're not far from Belleville where you can find line 11.
7803	**** You rent the whole apartment **** * THE APARTMENT : it's a 3 room apartment of 57m2 (613 sq ft) fully renovated in 2011, with stylish design decoration and warm atmosphere (one bedroom, an office and a large living room with a kitchen with a waxed concrete bar). Ideal for a couple, a group of 4 friends or a family with 2 children : double bed in the bedroom + double mattress in the living room. Linen and towels provided. The kitchen is fully equiped with a dishwasher, a washing/dry machine + the wifi and an ipad (no TV). I provide organic tea and italian coffee. Walk-in shower in the bedroom + a guest bathroom (toilet and basin) near the office.  * THE AREA : You will live a real parisian life in a central, trendy & arty district : the Canal Saint Martin (shops, nightlife, plenty of cool bars & restaurants). It's quite close to Le Marais (3 metro stations or 20 minutes walk) and very easy to go to Montmartre (direct by metro). If you want to enjoy nature in Paris, walk 10 minutes 	A modern, stylish and cosy apartment located in a central area (near République) which is lively, non-touristic, hypster, cosmopolite and safe.  **** You rent the whole apartment **** * THE APARTMENT : it's a 3 room apartment of 57m2 (613 sq ft) fully renovated in 2011, with stylish design decoration and warm atmosphere (one bedroom, an office and a large living room with a kitchen with a waxed concrete bar). Ideal for a couple, a group of 4 friends or a family with 2 children : double bed in the bedroom + double mattress in the living room. Linen and towels provided. The kitchen is fully equiped with a dishwasher, a washing/dry machine + the wifi and an ipad (no TV). I provide organic tea and italian coffee. Walk-in shower in the bedroom + a guest bathroom (toilet and basin) near the office.  * THE AREA : You will live a real parisian life in a central, trendy & arty district : the Canal Saint Martin (shops, nightlife, plenty of cool bars & restaurants). It's quite close to Le Marais 
7804	L'appartement est grand, composé d'une cuisine, d'une grande chambre , d'un grand salon et d'une salle de bain. Il est très parisien avec ses parquets en bois et ses moulures . Il est extrêmement calme, donnant sur 2 cours, et très bien situé dans un quartier très vivant, agréable et facile à vivre: Cafés, restaurants, commerces d'alimentation de grande qualité et variés. Situé au centre de Paris tous les autres quartiers sont faciles à atteindre.	Un grand appartement classique parisien, avec parquet et moulures, calme, sur cour à 10 mn de la Gare du Nord, au centre d'un quartier  trendy et vivant avec ses nombreux cafés, restaurants  et la qualité et la diversité des commerces de proximité L'appartement est grand, composé d'une cuisine, d'une grande chambre , d'un grand salon et d'une salle de bain. Il est très parisien avec ses parquets en bois et ses moulures . Il est extrêmement calme, donnant sur 2 cours, et très bien situé dans un quartier très vivant, agréable et facile à vivre: Cafés, restaurants, commerces d'alimentation de grande qualité et variés. Situé au centre de Paris tous les autres quartiers sont faciles à atteindre. Les invités ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et vous donner des renseignements , des conseils et vous dire les endroits que nous adorons à Paris Le quartier s'est complètement transformé ces dernières années. Il est devenu un lieu de sortie à la mode. De no
7805	"Located rue notre dame de nazareth very near Arts et Métiers and Republique , this charming studio apartment is a few minutes away from the mayor of paris, in the Heart of the famous ""republique"" area with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and pubs. It's also within a short walking distance from main points of interest like : Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cité or Ile Saint Louis.  You will have the whole apartment to your selves this is not not a share  All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries,   and lesser known places, just there for you to discover. You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the district is quite safe. You may meet casually movie actors, politicians, philosophs and opinions leaders. The Studio is in a 18th century building. The entrance gate is protected by a security system. this apartment has 18 square meters .The studio is fully furnished with a a double bed. , a sho"	"Located on the 3rd floor of a 5 storey building with no lift. This studio of 18 square meters overlooking a very quiet courtyard .You will be able to fully experience the diversity of the cultural life of Paris and especially historic Marais district Located rue notre dame de nazareth very near Arts et Métiers and Republique , this charming studio apartment is a few minutes away from the mayor of paris, in the Heart of the famous ""republique"" area with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and pubs. It's also within a short walking distance from main points of interest like : Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cité or Ile Saint Louis.  You will have the whole apartment to your selves this is not not a share  All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries,   and lesser known places, just there for you to discover. You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the district is quite safe. You may meet casually"
7806	This chic and elegant 42 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue du Faubourg Poissonniere in the 9th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, A/C. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils This holiday rental has a truly enchanting atmosphere. Very bright and furnished with taste, it has large windows overlooking inside the building. Very quiet and airy, the property consists of a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with toilet and shower. The charming living room features a white sofa (that can turn into a bed for 2 people), TV, ipod doc, beautiful wooden furnishings and a dining table up to 4 people, just in front of the large window and the kitchen. The open kitchen (equipped with microwave, washing machine, mixer, squeezer and coffee maker) is divided from the living room b	This lovely Paris apartment is perfect for authentic Parisien holidays, located close to Ópera Garnier, Gallerie Lafayette and the Rex theater, the flat is very well decorated and comfortable. You can also walk to the famous neighbohood Montmartre This chic and elegant 42 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue du Faubourg Poissonniere in the 9th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, A/C. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils This holiday rental has a truly enchanting atmosphere. Very bright and furnished with taste, it has large windows overlooking inside the building. Very quiet and airy, the property consists of a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom with toilet and shower. The charming living room features a white sofa (that can turn into a bed for 2 people), TV, ipod
7807	"Welcome in Paris, To enjoy your stay in Paris, I suggest you this 100 m² appartment located in the very heart of the new  trendy ""Canal Saint Martin"" area.  =>   Perfect location to discover Paris, 1 minute walk to all public transportations. Many typical Parisian cofee-shops, restaurants, cafes, terasses, and fashion designers (Maje, American Apparel, The kooples, Ikks, Agnès b, Wesc, APC...)  for some shoping just down the street. =>   The appartment is fully furnished and equipped with everything you need! . It offers you a lot of comfort and coziness:   2 separated bedrooms with double beds, fresh linen & Towles.   => On warm and sunny weekend nights there is a bit of noise from canal party-goers. Fred xxx"	"Welcome in Paris, To enjoy your stay in Paris, I suggest you this 100 m² appartment located in the very heart of the new  trendy ""Canal Saint Martin"" area.  =>   Perfect location to discover Paris, 1 minute walk to all public transportations. Many typical Parisian cofee-shops, restaurants, cafes, terasses, and fashion designers (Maje, American Apparel, The kooples, Ikks, Agnès b, Wesc, APC...)  for some shoping just down the street. =>   The appartment is fully furnished and equipped with everything you need! . It offers you a lot of comfort and coziness:   2 separated bedrooms with double beds, fresh linen & Towles.   => On warm and sunny weekend nights there is a bit of noise from canal party-goers. Fred xxx"
7808		Large double bedroom, with one double bed, to let in big, bright, well-equipped apartment with lovely views. Shared kitchen and bathroom. 5th floor with lift and some stairs. Weekly cleaning included in the price. Please note minimum stay 2 weeks. Close to Gare du Nord and Metro Poissoniére (line 7)
7809	- 2nd floor : 1 bedroom, 1 double bed 160x200 - 1st floor : 1 bedroom, 1 single bed 1 bedroom : 3 single beds. Everything you may need, also with children, is there.	"Nice appartment (5 rooms)  in the center of Paris. Calm and Shinny.  By walk : 5' to the Canal Saint-Martin. By subway : 8-10' to the Beaubourg Center  and the Seine River. Near all services and restaurants. Suitable for familly with 2-3 children. - 2nd floor : 1 bedroom, 1 double bed 160x200 - 1st floor : 1 bedroom, 1 single bed 1 bedroom : 3 single beds. Everything you may need, also with children, is there. Near the Saint-Martin's canal, Metro Stations lines 2, 11, buses. Market, 2 times a week, supermarket, many restaurants and ""cafés"" Still, our appartment is very calm with a direct view on southern roofs of Paris. Not far from ""Gare du Nord"" (about 15 minutes walikng or less by taxi or bus), the first railway station you pass true when you come from Paris-Roissy-Charles-de-Gaule Airport."
7810	The apartment is about 130m2. It is located in a building which is secure (code to open the front food and intercom). We have picked this apartment: For families and groups of friends looking for a comfortable place at low prices. In this apartment you have 3 bedrooms, 1 extra bedroom and 3 bathrooms (bathtub and/or shower) and a separate and fully equipped kitchen,  For travelers looking for a delicious and authentic Paris : You will live in a very Parisian area and at the same time enjoy the proximity to major attractions. If we had to describe this apartment very quickly, we would add that it is a Haussmann-style apartment (parquet floor, fireplace and moldings) The owners live there all year, they leave available to their travelers during their vacations. The decoration of the apartment could think of a writer's apartment. Books and bookshelves provide everything you need for a moment of relaxation or a nap;) The apartment consists of a large entrance overlooking the kitchen. This 	15 minutes walk from the heart of Paris, this very large and comfortable apartment (130m2) will delight families and groups of friends looking for space and quietness. For food lovers, the district meanwhile is filled with good addresses ! The apartment is about 130m2. It is located in a building which is secure (code to open the front food and intercom). We have picked this apartment: For families and groups of friends looking for a comfortable place at low prices. In this apartment you have 3 bedrooms, 1 extra bedroom and 3 bathrooms (bathtub and/or shower) and a separate and fully equipped kitchen,  For travelers looking for a delicious and authentic Paris : You will live in a very Parisian area and at the same time enjoy the proximity to major attractions. If we had to describe this apartment very quickly, we would add that it is a Haussmann-style apartment (parquet floor, fireplace and moldings) The owners live there all year, they leave available to their travelers during their v
7811	idéalement situé au centre de Paris (république/goncourt) dans le charmant quartier du canal st martin, très calme et donnant sur une cour verdoyante,il se trouve également à proximité des quartiers animés Parisiens et de tous les commerces.  Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur 	très agréable appartement à deux pas du canal saint martin,lumineux et spacieux ce grand deux pièces de 50m2 est idéal pour votre séjour.  Donnant sur une cour verdoyante il est très calme et entièrement  équipé. toutes commodités proches et métro La location n'est possible que par quinzaine maximum idéalement situé au centre de Paris (république/goncourt) dans le charmant quartier du canal st martin, très calme et donnant sur une cour verdoyante,il se trouve également à proximité des quartiers animés Parisiens et de tous les commerces.  Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur -Grand salon avec canapé,bureau et bibliothèque  -Cuisine équipée (frigo,congélateur,four,micro-ondes,blender) -Spacieuse sdb avec baignoire,toilettes séparés. -Chambre lit bultex deux places et rangement (+volet roulant) je reste à proximité durant votre séjour et peux répondre à toute question. Location possible que par quinzaine maximum. le quartier du canal st Martin,une bouffée d'air frais à Paris métro Goncourt ou rép
7812	Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien, très lumineux, orienté au Sud, parquet partout au sol. Immeuble sécurisé avec badge (ou code puis interphone). Tout équipé, il est constitué : - d'une grande chambre avec un vrai lit double et un bureau  - d'un salon avec canapé et télé - d'une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée  - d'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et WC.	Bienvenue à la maison ! Mon charmant 2 pièces de 31m2 se situe dans le quartier particulièrement central et animé de Belleville. Vous y trouverez tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un agréable séjour! Au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien, très lumineux, orienté au Sud, parquet partout au sol. Immeuble sécurisé avec badge (ou code puis interphone). Tout équipé, il est constitué : - d'une grande chambre avec un vrai lit double et un bureau  - d'un salon avec canapé et télé - d'une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée  - d'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et WC. L'appartement est disponible pour 2 personnes. Minimum 2 nuits. Pour toutes questions, n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je serai heureuse de vous répondre et de vous aider ! L'entrée de l'immeuble est sur le boulevard de la Villette, mais les trois fenêtres donnent sur une petite rue tranquille, à deux pas de la très branchée Place Sainte-Marthe, et à 10 min à pied du canal Saint-Martin. Le quartier est très commerçant 
7813	The apartment , located on the 5th and 6th floor, features the main  room on the first level with a lounge and a large dining room , 2 terraces with view  and a stunning ultra modern kitchen with every imaginable  and necessary equipment.  At this level , you get, also  a TV space with unlimited internet and wifi.  A bathroom is  also at your disposal, available at this level. Upstairs you will find  3 bedrooms for  sleeping 6 people , many  large closets , a shower and  a bathroom with bathtub. You can also access to the 2nd floor by elevator  The decor is very elegant , air conditioning throughout the apartment will allow you to stay in the best conditions . 	Dream apartment in a new building on 2 floors, overlooking the picturesque Canal Saint Martin for a wonderful family stay The apartment , located on the 5th and 6th floor, features the main  room on the first level with a lounge and a large dining room , 2 terraces with view  and a stunning ultra modern kitchen with every imaginable  and necessary equipment.  At this level , you get, also  a TV space with unlimited internet and wifi.  A bathroom is  also at your disposal, available at this level. Upstairs you will find  3 bedrooms for  sleeping 6 people , many  large closets , a shower and  a bathroom with bathtub. You can also access to the 2nd floor by elevator  The decor is very elegant , air conditioning throughout the apartment will allow you to stay in the best conditions . The apartment is located 2 steps from the very central Place de la République , from where you can easily access to the most interesting areas of Paris. Downstairs,  the picturesque Canal Saint Martin, immorta
7814	Situé dans une arrière cour, il n'a aucun vis à vis et est extrêmement calme. Vous pouvez dormir les fenêtres ouvertes et ne rien entendre de la rue. L'appartement fait 43 m2, il est parfait pour 3/4 personnes. Il est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Très lumineux car traversant, le double séjour vous accueillera avec le canapé d'angle.  Il y a une chambre avec un grand lit double séparé.  Le canapé est un convertible pour 2 personnes.  A noter qu'il y aura un espace de rangement qui pourra vous être consacré si besoin dans la penderie, il suffira de me le notifier.  Les toilettes sont séparés de la salle de bain.  Celle ci est attenante à la chambre. 	Appartement clair et clame (grand deux pièces de 43m2)  à quelques minutes à pied du canal saint martin et de belleville.  Proche de toutes les commodités. Situé dans une arrière cour, il n'a aucun vis à vis et est extrêmement calme. Vous pouvez dormir les fenêtres ouvertes et ne rien entendre de la rue. L'appartement fait 43 m2, il est parfait pour 3/4 personnes. Il est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Très lumineux car traversant, le double séjour vous accueillera avec le canapé d'angle.  Il y a une chambre avec un grand lit double séparé.  Le canapé est un convertible pour 2 personnes.  A noter qu'il y aura un espace de rangement qui pourra vous être consacré si besoin dans la penderie, il suffira de me le notifier.  Les toilettes sont séparés de la salle de bain.  Celle ci est attenante à la chambre. L'appartement est entre plusieurs quartiers agréables: Belleville et le Canal St Martin, pour dîner et sortir le soir.  Le canal est à 10 minutes à pied de l'appartement.  Juste à 
7815	Our apartment is part of a typical Parisian building of the middle of 19th century. Its wooden floor and fire place are part of the unique atmosphere those accommodations provide.  You’ll sleep comfy in a large bedroom’s king size bed up on a mezzanine, or in a brand new couch convertible to a double bed in that same room. Living room is a cosy place to stay, chilling on the couch or enjoying diner at the large 4-seats table. Kitchen is a separated room, with oven, micro-wave, cooking plates, big fridge... everything that will make you feel at home! Bathroom has everything you need, and toilets are separated.	Our two-rooms apartment will provide you the atmosphere of a classical Parisian flat from the 19th century – with the comfort of our times.  Our apartment is part of a typical Parisian building of the middle of 19th century. Its wooden floor and fire place are part of the unique atmosphere those accommodations provide.  You’ll sleep comfy in a large bedroom’s king size bed up on a mezzanine, or in a brand new couch convertible to a double bed in that same room. Living room is a cosy place to stay, chilling on the couch or enjoying diner at the large 4-seats table. Kitchen is a separated room, with oven, micro-wave, cooking plates, big fridge... everything that will make you feel at home! Bathroom has everything you need, and toilets are separated. Located on the first floor, the apartment is perfect for couples, with or without a kid. You'll be on your own in the apartement, and I'll always be available to make your stay a perfect one! Feel free to ask for more details on the apartemen
7816	Une chambre dans un bel appartement de 80m2 pratique et extrêmement bien situé dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris	Une chambre dans un bel appartement de 80m2 pratique et extrêmement bien situé dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris Quartier très calme et extrêmement bien animé à la fois avec de nombreux commerces et surtout restaurants de tout types. Lignes 4,5,8 et 9. Stations Jacques Bonsergent, Chateau d'Eau et Strasbourg Saint-Denis
7817	L'appartement offre le confort et l'équipement optimal pour un séjour à Paris (cuisine moderne et équipée avec four, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge).  Vous profiterez d'une grande pièce de vie au parquet authentique parisien pour vous détendre pendant votre séjour. Le grand canapé confortable vous permet de vous reposer devant la grande télévision et son système de sons incorporés. Très lumineuse avec ses quatre grandes fenêtres, vous aurez l'assurance d'être bien installé dans l'appartement.  La chambre, au bout de l'appartement comprend un lit deux places et un placard a disposition pour vous permettre d'installer vos affaires.  Vous bénéficiez également d'une salle de bains avec vasque et douche à l'italienne, lumineuse grâce à sa fenêtre et utile avec son sèche serviette.  Les toilettes, incluant un lave mains sont séparées ! The apartment offers the comfort and the optimal equipment for a stay in Paris (modern and equipped kitchen with oven, inducti	Beautiful, big apartment at Saint Martin canal in the center of Paris livened up with multitude of bars and trendy restaurants.  Take advantage of the luxury of a quiet, comfortable, modern, full equipped, typically Parisian apartment just a step from Grands Boulevards, the place of the Republique and le Marais !! L'appartement offre le confort et l'équipement optimal pour un séjour à Paris (cuisine moderne et équipée avec four, plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge).  Vous profiterez d'une grande pièce de vie au parquet authentique parisien pour vous détendre pendant votre séjour. Le grand canapé confortable vous permet de vous reposer devant la grande télévision et son système de sons incorporés. Très lumineuse avec ses quatre grandes fenêtres, vous aurez l'assurance d'être bien installé dans l'appartement.  La chambre, au bout de l'appartement comprend un lit deux places et un placard a disposition pour vous permettre d'installer vos affaires.  Vous bénéfici
7818		Appartement de caractère type hausmanien spacieux environ 50m2 à 2 min de gare du nord et 4 min de gare de l est dans quartier animé  Une fois à l intérieur aucun bruit ne vous dérangera
7819	Notre appartement dispose de 4 chambres et d'un grand espace à vivre de 32 m2. On y trouve une cuisine ouverte très conviviale et un confortable coin salon. La rue de Paradis est au coeur du Paris des faubourgs, un quartier animé, central et typique. 4 chambres :  - 3 chambres d'enfants avec des lits simples (possibilité d'ajouter d'autres matelas). - une suite parentale avec une salle d'eau (grande douche). Un grand séjour avec une cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques à induction, congélateur...). Le logement est habité par de nombreux livres, BD, DVD, quelques oeuvres d'art et instruments de musique. 4e étage accessible par un tout petit ascenseur. Notre appartement se situe tout près du métro Poissonnière (ligne 7 du métro), mais il est également proche de nombreuses autres stations et lignes (4, 5, 8, 9, 12). Il est également tout près des gares du Nord et de l'Est (10-15 minutes à pied). Sa situation géographique, très centrale, permet d'atteindre rapidement, l	Notre appartement dispose de 4 chambres et d'un grand espace à vivre de 32 m2. On y trouve une cuisine ouverte très conviviale et un confortable coin salon. La rue de Paradis est au coeur du Paris des faubourgs, un quartier animé, central et typique. 4 chambres :  - 3 chambres d'enfants avec des lits simples (possibilité d'ajouter d'autres matelas). - une suite parentale avec une salle d'eau (grande douche). Un grand séjour avec une cuisine ouverte toute équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques à induction, congélateur...). Le logement est habité par de nombreux livres, BD, DVD, quelques oeuvres d'art et instruments de musique. 4e étage accessible par un tout petit ascenseur. Notre appartement se situe tout près du métro Poissonnière (ligne 7 du métro), mais il est également proche de nombreuses autres stations et lignes (4, 5, 8, 9, 12). Il est également tout près des gares du Nord et de l'Est (10-15 minutes à pied). Sa situation géographique, très centrale, permet d'atteindre rapidement, l
7820	Hello, Till recently I hosted people while staying at the other room but now you will have a full privacy.  My sofa opens into a double bed (it's very comfortable). The living room (12m2) is separated from the kitchen and from the bathroom. My room will stay closed. The apartment is in avery good location in Paris (metro Goncourt), lots of bars, night life and very close to the center of the city (20 min walk to notre-dame). In Paris everything open until 2am except certain places that close in the morning, I can direct you there.  During the summer all people here go to do a pic-nic near Canal st-martin or Buttes Chaumont - both 5-10 minutes walk.	"I'm sharing place while I'm in vacation. walking distance from EVERYTHING! and one of the coolest untouristy places in paris. Hello, Till recently I hosted people while staying at the other room but now you will have a full privacy.  My sofa opens into a double bed (it's very comfortable). The living room (12m2) is separated from the kitchen and from the bathroom. My room will stay closed. The apartment is in avery good location in Paris (metro Goncourt), lots of bars, night life and very close to the center of the city (20 min walk to notre-dame). In Paris everything open until 2am except certain places that close in the morning, I can direct you there.  During the summer all people here go to do a pic-nic near Canal st-martin or Buttes Chaumont - both 5-10 minutes walk. Take a look at my Guidebook! Metro Goncourt and Metro Bellevile - Because of ""bed bugs"" problems in Europe, please do not make a reservation here if you're going to sleep before at a low cost dormitory.  - Please send"
7821	Bel appartement romantique de 120 m2 au 5° étage avec balcon dans un immeuble de type haussmannien en bordure du Canal St Martin. Très belles vues sur le Canal Saint Martin, les toits de Paris, le Sacré – Cœur et la Tour Eiffel. A deux pas de la Place de la République, il est situé dans un quartier central et bien desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro et d’autobus. L’agencement de cet appartement fait que les espaces chambres et salle de bains 1 et 2 sont isolés l’un de l’autre. Idéal pour 4 personnes - 2 couples - ou famille avec 2 enfants.	Bel appartement romantique de 120 m2 au 5° étage avec balcon et ascenseur dans un immeuble de type haussmannien en bordure du Canal St Martin. Très belles vues sur le Canal Saint Martin, les toits de Paris, le Sacré – Cœur et la Tour Eiffel. Bel appartement romantique de 120 m2 au 5° étage avec balcon dans un immeuble de type haussmannien en bordure du Canal St Martin. Très belles vues sur le Canal Saint Martin, les toits de Paris, le Sacré – Cœur et la Tour Eiffel. A deux pas de la Place de la République, il est situé dans un quartier central et bien desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro et d’autobus. L’agencement de cet appartement fait que les espaces chambres et salle de bains 1 et 2 sont isolés l’un de l’autre. Idéal pour 4 personnes - 2 couples - ou famille avec 2 enfants. Les occupants seront comme chez eux...mais à Paris. Accueil et départ ainsi qu'assistance tout au long de leur séjour. Echanges de courriel avant l'arrivée et partager un moment le premier jour pour répond
7822	- Joli studio de 25m² au 4ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur - Balcon filant avec vue dégagée donnant sur le boulevard - Peut accueillir deux personnes, idéal pour un couple - Lit double confortable - Connexion WIFI/Internet haut débit (fibre optique) - Chaîne Hifi (+ câble mini jack pour connexion de votre téléphone ou ordinateur portable) - Kitchenette équipée de deux plaques de cuisson, d’un réfrigérateur, d’une hotte, d’une cafetière nespresso, d’une bouilloire, d’un grille-pain, d’un lave linge / sèche linge et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner.  - Table et fer à repasser - Salle de bains avec grande douche confortable, lavabo et WC - Linge de maison (draps / serviettes) fourni	Très joli studio aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet!  Idéal pour un couple. Vue dégagée avec petit balcon filant. Situé à proximité de la place de la République (1min), du marais (5min) et du canal St Martin (5min). - Joli studio de 25m² au 4ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur - Balcon filant avec vue dégagée donnant sur le boulevard - Peut accueillir deux personnes, idéal pour un couple - Lit double confortable - Connexion WIFI/Internet haut débit (fibre optique) - Chaîne Hifi (+ câble mini jack pour connexion de votre téléphone ou ordinateur portable) - Kitchenette équipée de deux plaques de cuisson, d’un réfrigérateur, d’une hotte, d’une cafetière nespresso, d’une bouilloire, d’un grille-pain, d’un lave linge / sèche linge et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner.  - Table et fer à repasser - Salle de bains avec grande douche confortable, lavabo et WC - Linge de maison (draps / serviettes) fourni Une étagère de rangement est mise à votre disposition. L'armoire blanche que
7823	45M2 flat with woods on the floor. In a very calm location in the middle of a living and trendy area. 5 minutes from Republique, beautiful Canal St Martin; Next to métro Republique and Railway station Gare de l'est  Second floor -	Welcome to our lovely Parisian Flat with style ! Come discover real parisian life in a great trendy area . Central , Cosy , very well located . Shiny and calm . Line 4,5,8 et 9 are few step away We looking foward to host you . Jay 45M2 flat with woods on the floor. In a very calm location in the middle of a living and trendy area. 5 minutes from Republique, beautiful Canal St Martin; Next to métro Republique and Railway station Gare de l'est  Second floor - ALL FLAT Beautiful area Next to Gare de l'est                Republique                Jacques Bonsergent
7824	The apartment is on the 6th floor with elevator to the 5th floor. The apartment overlooks an interior course. So there is no noise. (we do not even have the impression of being in Paris). In the street, there is a Monoprix (mini market), a phrarmacy, Mc Donald, a Quick Restaurant and a lot of fast foods. There is a laundromat 5 minutes walk from the apartment. The apartment is located between two major railway stations. Subway access is done in less than 2 minutes. Access to the 4, 5 and 7 lines from Gare de l'Est and RER B, D and E from Gare du Nord. There are many bus lines that pass in front of the building. 	Small studio (9m2) apartment availlable during the christmas period.  Well equipped (I daily live in this studio) He is in Paris 10 (in front of Gare de l'Est and near Gare du Nord) Very close to the metro (3 lines at the bottom of the building) 
7825	Not far from Canal ST Martin and Republique.  1O minutes from Opera with the subway.	Nice appartment. 1 room, perfect for two persons. Or a couple with children.  Not far from Canal ST Martin and Republique.  1O minutes from Opera with the subway. Entire appartment subway :  République  : 8/9/11 Strasbourg st denis : 8/9/4 Quiet appartment. 
7826	On the fifth floor (with elevator of course) of an Art Deco building , you will enter in a two rooms flat away from any noise of the city. Recently completely renovated, this flat will be the perfect pied-a-terre for your parisien stay. You will appreciate the living-room's comfort and the warm morning light coming from three vient par three south-facing windows.  The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to cook gourmet dishes (oven, induction hobs,  induction and a useful dishwasher). A double glass door open on the romantic bedroom. The bathroom and  the old-style stand-alone bathtub to relax after a long day!   There is a separate WC. You won't have access to the dressing room but a closet is made available to you in the bedroom.   For greater comfort, I will supply you with  sheets and towels, and  to make your life easier, i will leave you basic products from the kitchen to the bathroom. 	This flat for two persons is the perfect place for few days in Paris. It is a sunny and pleasant renovated flat. Minutes Walk from Opera, République, châtelet, and the Canal St Martin. On the fifth floor (with elevator of course) of an Art Deco building , you will enter in a two rooms flat away from any noise of the city. Recently completely renovated, this flat will be the perfect pied-a-terre for your parisien stay. You will appreciate the living-room's comfort and the warm morning light coming from three vient par three south-facing windows.  The fully equipped kitchen will allow you to cook gourmet dishes (oven, induction hobs,  induction and a useful dishwasher). A double glass door open on the romantic bedroom. The bathroom and  the old-style stand-alone bathtub to relax after a long day!   There is a separate WC. You won't have access to the dressing room but a closet is made available to you in the bedroom.   For greater comfort, I will supply you with  sheets and towels, and  
7827	The apartment, renovated end of 2013, has retained its original fireplace, moldings and parquet floor and is fully furnished with antiques ; 3 windows overlook the Sacré-Coeur. It can accommodate up to 4 people: 1 double bedroom and a sofa bed for 2 people in the living room. Rose, your host, will pick you up at Gare du Nord station in order to make your arrival easier. You will recognize her with her red hat! Conditions:  The flat can be rent for a minimum of 4 nights for maximum 4 people.  Transportations:  2 minutes from Gare du Nord.  Easy accessible by public transport (7 bus lines, 5 metro/subway).  2 minutes to access Eurostar and Thalys gates (London, Brussels, Amsterdam). 30-50 minutes from International and Domestic airports 45 minutes to go to Eurodisney by train.  We will send you maps and full details when you confirm your booking.     Historical places:  15 minutes from Sacré-Coeur  15 minutes from Notre Dame  20 minutes from Saint Germain-des-Près  20 minutes from the Lo	Typical of a 19th Century Parisian home, our 55 m² (592 sq ft) comfortable apartment should charm you. Located near the Gare du Nord, 2 min to access to Eurostar and Thalys gates (London, Brussels, Amsterdam), and to take trains to the airports. The apartment, renovated end of 2013, has retained its original fireplace, moldings and parquet floor and is fully furnished with antiques ; 3 windows overlook the Sacré-Coeur. It can accommodate up to 4 people: 1 double bedroom and a sofa bed for 2 people in the living room. Rose, your host, will pick you up at Gare du Nord station in order to make your arrival easier. You will recognize her with her red hat! Conditions:  The flat can be rent for a minimum of 4 nights for maximum 4 people.  Transportations:  2 minutes from Gare du Nord.  Easy accessible by public transport (7 bus lines, 5 metro/subway).  2 minutes to access Eurostar and Thalys gates (London, Brussels, Amsterdam). 30-50 minutes from International and Domestic airports 45 minute
7828	L'appartement est particulièrement bien situé car il se trouve au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier à la fois populaire et branché. Au bout de la rue se trouve le canal saint Martin, sur les quais vous y trouverez pleins de resto et bar, les gens pique nique au bord de ce canal, c'est un quartier très convivial. Vous avez à côté 3 metro différents qui se trouvent sur 3 lignes différentes donc vous pouvez accéder facilement partout sans avoir à faire de nombreux changements ( ligne 7, 2 et 5). Vous rejoindrez de manière directe république, Bastille ou encore châtelet, la Gare de l'Est et j'en passe. La première chambre a la chance d'offrir la vue sur le sacrée coeur : de nuit c'est magnifique. A 5 min a pied se trouve le grand parc du butte Chaumont : agréable pour les coureur ou alors une belle balade avec les enfants au bord du lac. Vous serez donc héberge dans un appartement chaleureux entièrement équipé  et très bien placé, parfait pour une famille ou des amis. C'est une résidence ca	Beau trois pièces avec parquet d'époque. Il comprend une cuisine entièrement équipée. Il y a deux chambre, une avec un lit double avec vue sur le monument le sacrée coeur et l'autre 2 lit simple . Un grand salon, une salle de bain avec douche et dressing et WC séparés. L'appartement est particulièrement bien situé car il se trouve au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier à la fois populaire et branché. Au bout de la rue se trouve le canal saint Martin, sur les quais vous y trouverez pleins de resto et bar, les gens pique nique au bord de ce canal, c'est un quartier très convivial. Vous avez à côté 3 metro différents qui se trouvent sur 3 lignes différentes donc vous pouvez accéder facilement partout sans avoir à faire de nombreux changements ( ligne 7, 2 et 5). Vous rejoindrez de manière directe république, Bastille ou encore châtelet, la Gare de l'Est et j'en passe. La première chambre a la chance d'offrir la vue sur le sacrée coeur : de nuit c'est magnifique. A 5 min a pied se trouve le g
7829	A cosy and confortable place	Bobo district, ideally located in Paris for sightseeing. close to Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Louvre. 5mn to walk to the métro. many restaurants, bistrots, groceries open 7days/7 10mn from to the train stations gare du nord, gare de l'Est A cosy and confortable place kitchen bobo's district. an attractive place to go out 4 lines and many buses
7830	Typical 1930’s Parisian whole apartment with BALCONY, in the central and trendy area of Canal Saint Martin (by walk : 8 min from Republic, 20 minutes from Le Marais ). Many places around to have a drink and eat, good shops (shop area open on Sunday like le Marais) The appartement (6th floor, with lift) has parquet floor, and magnificent views over the canal and the Sacred Heart. It has a living room with sofa, dinning table, couch, a bedroom (140x190), a bathroom room with bathdub and a well equipped kitchen. The flat is very cosy and comfortable. For sure you enter in a home ready to live: you don't need to take with you sheets, linen, hair dryer, washing machine, etc. and you don't need to buy oil, salt, sugar to survive! And for sure you are having the whole apt for you and you are not sharing it.  Hight speed Internet / Wi-Fi.  the Canal St Martin (75010) is one of the most peaceful area of Paris and a very romantic place. It is to this Canal which has been shot the famous scene of	SPECIAL DISCOUNT WEEK PRICE: 98€/day instead 110€ to apologize about noises from the works outside because of a construction of a building. From monday to Friday: 7:30 am to 6:00 pm. But you manage to sleep: still now, nobody complains! A good deal!! Typical 1930’s Parisian whole apartment with BALCONY, in the central and trendy area of Canal Saint Martin (by walk : 8 min from Republic, 20 minutes from Le Marais ). Many places around to have a drink and eat, good shops (shop area open on Sunday like le Marais) The appartement (6th floor, with lift) has parquet floor, and magnificent views over the canal and the Sacred Heart. It has a living room with sofa, dinning table, couch, a bedroom (140x190), a bathroom room with bathdub and a well equipped kitchen. The flat is very cosy and comfortable. For sure you enter in a home ready to live: you don't need to take with you sheets, linen, hair dryer, washing machine, etc. and you don't need to buy oil, salt, sugar to survive! And for sure yo
7831	It´s a big 17mts2 room, with big windows, so very ligh-filled. Bed is confortable and big (1,60x2mts), you hace also a table where you can work and a small table to have breackfast at bed, if you want so.	Come to enjoy my beautiful room in an appartment next to Canal St Martin. It´s a 17mts room with beautiful light and space. Nice bed, wooden floors and furniture. The neighborhood is great, multicultural and with many sights and things to do. It´s a big 17mts2 room, with big windows, so very ligh-filled. Bed is confortable and big (1,60x2mts), you hace also a table where you can work and a small table to have breackfast at bed, if you want so. You can use our kitchen fully equiped (oven, fridge and washing mashine), the bathroom (with bathtub!) and the hall with a table to have your meals. Every space in the appartment has a window so every thing is ligh-filled. The neighborhood is just great! You will be at 100mts of the Canal St Martin, with all his restaurants and trendy bars. Near is the Parc and Bassin de la Villette, with also many bars ant cultural activities. Yo are also close to La chapelle and the african neiborhood. So it´a very mix quartier, with many things to explore. Nex
7832	"18m2 bedroom with private bathroom, Tv, wifi, and breakfast, in an 85m2 parisian apartment is located in the 09 area between Gare du Nord and opéra. No smoking room to avoid any allergy problems with my guests, our pets are not allowed in the apartment. Typical Parisien flat in a lovely and trendy area Free breakfast in the living room from 8.00am. This is a bed and breakfast, this is the reason why the kitchen is not available for cooking... You can use the fridge and made some quick snack. Free map of the city are available... Do not hesitate to ask me to book a taxi, a restaurant, or the way to reach museum and the most important places in Paris. Typical and trendy area close to Montmartre, opéra, and ""rue des martyrs"" with lots of bar and restaurant... 10 mn walk From Gare du Nord train station. 30mn direct train From Charles de gaules Paris airport and Gare du Nord central train station. 2mn walk to ""poissonnière"" métro station, and very close to ""cadet"" and ""notre dame de lorette"	18m2 bedroom with private bathroom, Tv, wifi, and breakfast, in an 85m2 parisian apartment is located in the 09 area between Gare du Nord and opéra.
7833	Our apartment is located in front of the Sacred Heart , it is close to a metro station ( the Chapel ) , you also have two other lines nearby (Line 5 and 7 ) and the RER B and RER D	"Hello ! My husband and I live in this charming duplex apartment of 100 m2 located in the 18th district . We offer bed sofa in our living room for your stay and your own bathroom. We have also two lovely cats . Our apartment is located in front of the Sacred Heart , it is close to a metro station ( the Chapel ) , you also have two other lines nearby (Line 5 and 7 ) and the RER B and RER D Guests have access to all common areas of the apartment except our room and our bathroom . You will have your own bathroom We can provide you with assistance throughout your stay, recommend restaurants , museums and other activities if desired we are very close to st martin canal, the apartment is very centered, a few metro stops you come to the heart of paris . We are located at three subway stations from the Moulin Rouge and Sacred Heart . Our apartment is located 3 minutes walk from the metro station "" chapel "" (line 2) , we are also very close to the lines 5 and 7 and the RER D RER B which takes yo"
7834	The haussmanian style apartment is very parisian with old style parquet and marble fireplace (building dates from the 19th century). The apartment has a surface aera of 70 m². We live on the second floor (without lift). There are windows in every room, and the apartment is sunny. The apartment has 3 bedrooms :  - one with a double bed (160 cm x 200 cm),  - one child room with a mezzanine single bed (90 x 200 cm) . In this room, there is a sofa bed for another child or adult. - one child room with a single bed (80 cm x 200 cm). The living room is comfortable. In the kitchen, you will find everything to cook properly and a small table and 4 stools. There is a small bathroom (with tub) and toilets (wich are separated). The apartment is easy to live and calm (windows with double glazing).	4 rooms in an haussmannien flat, center of Paris (Grands boulevards). Well-equipped flat in a vibrant neighbourhood, very accessible. Ideal for family with kids. The haussmanian style apartment is very parisian with old style parquet and marble fireplace (building dates from the 19th century). The apartment has a surface aera of 70 m². We live on the second floor (without lift). There are windows in every room, and the apartment is sunny. The apartment has 3 bedrooms :  - one with a double bed (160 cm x 200 cm),  - one child room with a mezzanine single bed (90 x 200 cm) . In this room, there is a sofa bed for another child or adult. - one child room with a single bed (80 cm x 200 cm). The living room is comfortable. In the kitchen, you will find everything to cook properly and a small table and 4 stools. There is a small bathroom (with tub) and toilets (wich are separated). The apartment is easy to live and calm (windows with double glazing). We are a couple with 2 children. We have a
7835	Fully furnished and spacious Loft/Apt  in a building designed by the famous architectural firm of Gustav Eiffel Centrally located tranquil and serene apartment on the third floor of a charming courtyard  Two of the bedrooms  overlook the courtyard and are very bright High ceilings and french windows with hard wood floors  Large Bedroom with a Queen size bed, two small tables on each side of bed and large closet Large size room with a big bunk bed, drawers and closet   Sheets, pillows, blankets, towels and other amenities provided Walk-in spacious full bathroom with tub and separate shower  and a skylight The living room area includes a comfortable couch with pillows, seats four-six people A large colorful ottoman, seats three people A two layered large coffee table Several book/CD shelves A dinning table which seats between four to twelve people A flat-screen TV  A fully equipped kitchen  An island counter with four stools Free High-speed WIFI  Heat  Very quiet and Safe Friendly neighb	Fully furnished and spacious Loft/Apt  in a building designed by the famous architectural firm of Gustav Eiffel Centrally located, tranquil and serene apartment on the third floor of a charming courtyard.  The  apt overlook the courtyard Fully furnished and spacious Loft/Apt  in a building designed by the famous architectural firm of Gustav Eiffel Centrally located tranquil and serene apartment on the third floor of a charming courtyard  Two of the bedrooms  overlook the courtyard and are very bright High ceilings and french windows with hard wood floors  Large Bedroom with a Queen size bed, two small tables on each side of bed and large closet Large size room with a big bunk bed, drawers and closet   Sheets, pillows, blankets, towels and other amenities provided Walk-in spacious full bathroom with tub and separate shower  and a skylight The living room area includes a comfortable couch with pillows, seats four-six people A large colorful ottoman, seats three people A two layered large
7836	The apartment has the charm of old parisian apartments. The 3 bedrooms, the kitchen (where we have our meals) and the bathroom have been renovated (some recently) and are fully equipped. It is situated on the second floor, so you will not see the rooftops of Paris. But it is not dark: the ceilings are high and the opposite building has only two floors.  There is a bedroom with a double bed for a couple, a large children's room with two bunk beds (+ a mattress that can be added to the floor), a smaller room with a bed of 120 cm on a mezzanine, and two toilets.  The decoration is simple, functional, comfortable but unpretentious. The temperature is naturally temperate, it is never very cold or very hot, even in case of large variations in heat outside. The neighbors are quiet and we never hear any car noise.	Old charming apartment 85 sq. 5 rooms, 2nd floor, very quiet, high ceilings, overlooking a flowery courtyard, in an lively district with numerous shops, restaurants and theaters. Very close to 2 metro stations. The apartment has the charm of old parisian apartments. The 3 bedrooms, the kitchen (where we have our meals) and the bathroom have been renovated (some recently) and are fully equipped. It is situated on the second floor, so you will not see the rooftops of Paris. But it is not dark: the ceilings are high and the opposite building has only two floors.  There is a bedroom with a double bed for a couple, a large children's room with two bunk beds (+ a mattress that can be added to the floor), a smaller room with a bed of 120 cm on a mezzanine, and two toilets.  The decoration is simple, functional, comfortable but unpretentious. The temperature is naturally temperate, it is never very cold or very hot, even in case of large variations in heat outside. The neighbors are quiet and 
7837	Cet appartement sous les toits aménagé avec un esprit Loft est idéalement situé dans un quartier très à la mode à Paris: Belleville. A quelques pas du Canal de Martin, il permet de découvrir Paris comme un vrai parisien. Entièrement équipé, il comporte un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé-lit deux places dans le salon. Sa surface totale est de 35 m2. Situé au 6eme étage (sans ascenseur), vous disposerez d'une très belle vue sur Paris et ses toits.	Appartement deux-pièces moderne, douillet et lumineux sous les toits avec balcons. Typiquement parisien!  Entièrement équipé, cet appartement peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Situé à proximité de plusieurs lieux authentiquement parisiens dont le Canal St Martin, il est idéalement situé à 50m du métro (2 lignes). Cet appartement sous les toits aménagé avec un esprit Loft est idéalement situé dans un quartier très à la mode à Paris: Belleville. A quelques pas du Canal de Martin, il permet de découvrir Paris comme un vrai parisien. Entièrement équipé, il comporte un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé-lit deux places dans le salon. Sa surface totale est de 35 m2. Situé au 6eme étage (sans ascenseur), vous disposerez d'une très belle vue sur Paris et ses toits. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement (1 chambre, 1 Salle d'eau, 1 WC, 1 salon avec cuisine américaine équipée). Je serai absente du logement le temps du séjour des voyageurs. Populaire et typique, le quartier de Bellevil
7838	Appartement très lumineux de 29m2. Très bien agencé, la cuisine est fonctionnelle, la chambre très spacieuse avec du rangement et un lit de 160cm Un charme fou avec un parquet ancien et un intérieur typique parisien Aucun vis à vis dans l'appartement ! Tout l'appartement est en libre accès, vous avez tout le nécessaire de cuisine, un lave vaisselle, un lave linge ainsi que des serviettes de bain et des produits de douche seront mis à votre disposition. Quartier populaire typique de paris, très sympa. 	Appartement très lumineux de 29m2. Très bien agencé, la cuisine est fonctionnelle, la chambre très spacieuse avec du rangement et un lit de 160cm Un charme fou avec un parquet ancien et un intérieur typique parisien Aucun vis à vis dans l'appartement ! Tout l'appartement est en libre accès, vous avez tout le nécessaire de cuisine, un lave vaisselle, un lave linge ainsi que des serviettes de bain et des produits de douche seront mis à votre disposition. Quartier populaire typique de paris, très sympa. Nous louons notre appartement quand nous sommes en déplacement, ainsi tout l'appartement est en libre accès. Nous ne serons pas présent dans l'appartement lors de votre séjour.  Quartier animé avec boulangerie et supermarché en bas de l'appartement. A deux pas, le restaurant BAB, les meilleurs burgers de Paris et la rue Sainte Marthe, très typique, colorée et une place très sympa pour boire un verre ! Proche de la rue Oberkampf avec de nombreux bars et restaurants. Station Goncourt la plus
7839	2nd floor without lift. This bright and airy space with its bold yet warm and sunny motif will inspire you to seize the day and get all you can out of Paris. Perfect for couples but comfortably sleeps up to 4 guests. (One double bed and one double sofa bed in separate rooms.)	This charming 2 room flat sleeps up to 4 people and features everything you need for comfort and convenience. 2nd floor without lift. This bright and airy space with its bold yet warm and sunny motif will inspire you to seize the day and get all you can out of Paris. Perfect for couples but comfortably sleeps up to 4 guests. (One double bed and one double sofa bed in separate rooms.) My guests have access to  WIFI Clean towels and linens The entire flat is at your disposal I am always available for my guests
7840	Center of Paris, 3 mn to subway and train RER at Gare du Nord, 10 mn walking distance to Montmartre. A nice independent bedroom in a flat with one person living. Access to bathroom (shower) and kitchen with all commodities. Wifi,  I am  a woman, would prefer another woman, perfect for models (fashion week) and short terms. linen and towels provided ask me to skyp directly	Center of Paris, 3 mn to subway and train RER at Gare du Nord, 10 mn walking distance to Montmartre. A nice independent bedroom in a flat with one person living. Access to bathroom (shower) and kitchen with all commodities. Wifi,  I am  a woman, would prefer another woman, perfect for models (fashion week) and short terms. linen and towels provided ask me to skyp directly
7841	95m2 1BD courtyard flat. Private mezzanine BD, ground floor salon & bathroom, huge open plan living room with vaulted ceilings downstairs. Great location by Temple Metro w/ cosy restaurants, markets, galleries, parks nearby Located in one of Paris's most sought-after streets, inside a quaint courtyard, it is rare to find apartments with this triplex construction anywhere in Paris. Set over three floors, there is space for two adults in  the mezzanine bedroom, and four people downstairs in the lounge area on double sized sofa beds.  Total size of the apartment is 93m2 or 1000ft2 Kitchen The kitchen comes equipped with brand new coffee machine, microwave and two fridges. Living room The living room comes with three sofas, widescreen TV, cable, internet and stereo plus desk and study area. Dining area The dining area comes with a dining table with space for six people. Bathroom comes with power shower, shampoo and shower gel.   Checkin/out A concierge service will greet you for the check-	93m2 (1000ft2) 1 bedroom courtyard loft style apartment on one of Paris's most charming streets. Apartment comes with mezzanine bedroom, airy ground floor salon & bathroom, and huge open plan living room with vaulted ceilings downstairs. There are three separate sleeping space on each of the three floors. Great location by Temple Metro within walking distance of some of the best restaurants, markets, galleries and parks in Paris. 95m2 1BD courtyard flat. Private mezzanine BD, ground floor salon & bathroom, huge open plan living room with vaulted ceilings downstairs. Great location by Temple Metro w/ cosy restaurants, markets, galleries, parks nearby Located in one of Paris's most sought-after streets, inside a quaint courtyard, it is rare to find apartments with this triplex construction anywhere in Paris. Set over three floors, there is space for two adults in  the mezzanine bedroom, and four people downstairs in the lounge area on double sized sofa beds.  Total size of the apartment 
7842		Charming, bright and quiet 2 rooms apartment located in Paris 10th near Strasbourg St Denis and Opera, lots of nice places to eat and drink nearby Marais, Opera, République, Canal st Martin and Pigalle areas easy to access by foot. Lots of very good eating places around that I would be glad to share! Also very convenient to access Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord.
7843	The apartment is ideally located in the center of Paris at Gare de l’Est, next to the trendy area of the Canal Saint-Martin (bars & restaurants, shopping). 10mn walk to Gare du Nord and the Grands Boulevards. 20mn walk to Montmartre, Chatelet and the historical center of the Marais.  Gare de L’Est station is very well deserved by the public transport. Metro lines : 4, 5, 7 and many buses lines (for day & night). This lovely, quiet and sunny 33sqm apartment is located at the very top of a typical Parisian building. You will have to climb 6 floors (no lift, sorry!) to discover its unique view on Paris rooftops and monuments (Eiffel Tower, Tour Montparnasse, Beaubourg museum, ...). The apartment is structured as a wide open space (living room and kitchen approx 20 sqm) with a separate bedroom (10 sqm) and bathroom ( 3sqm with shower and toilet). Three large windows with balconies are distributing lights and offering the most beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Capacity : 2/3 persons A lar	A charming and very calm apartment with an amazing view on Paris rooftops and famous monuments. Central location. The perfect basis to both explore the exciting city and enjoy a peaceful break watching the Eiffel Tower sparkling ! The apartment is ideally located in the center of Paris at Gare de l’Est, next to the trendy area of the Canal Saint-Martin (bars & restaurants, shopping). 10mn walk to Gare du Nord and the Grands Boulevards. 20mn walk to Montmartre, Chatelet and the historical center of the Marais.  Gare de L’Est station is very well deserved by the public transport. Metro lines : 4, 5, 7 and many buses lines (for day & night). This lovely, quiet and sunny 33sqm apartment is located at the very top of a typical Parisian building. You will have to climb 6 floors (no lift, sorry!) to discover its unique view on Paris rooftops and monuments (Eiffel Tower, Tour Montparnasse, Beaubourg museum, ...). The apartment is structured as a wide open space (living room and kitchen approx 
7844	My appartment has been renovated in 2014. Everything is perfectly clean and the neighbourhood is totally quiet. You have everything you need for cooking, and the room is very confortable. Everything is exactly as it seems on the photos ;)	40 square meters apartment near a lot of restaurants and next to 3 subway lines. You can reach all the most interesting places of Paris in less than 15 minutes. My appartment has been renovated in 2014. Everything is perfectly clean and the neighbourhood is totally quiet. You have everything you need for cooking, and the room is very confortable. Everything is exactly as it seems on the photos ;) Guests have a cupboard to let their clothes. They have internet, TV, and everything for cooking. I will give you the keys and explain to you everything you need ! During your stay, I will be reachable with whatsapp. Our neighbourhood has a lot of very good french restaurants. Our appartment is totally quiet, we are situated on an inner courtyard and not on the street. The appartment has 3 subway lines with a 5 minutes walk : line 4, line 5, line 2. Gare du Nord  is reachable with a 10 minutes walk if you have to take the eurostar.
7845	 Well equipped and very comfortable apartment, 55m2.	     Pleasant and comfortable apartment located in one of Paris’ trendiest district. This is a very bright apartment with quiet surroundings and a view on an inside courtyard. The apartment is located in a lively street with trendy restaurants.     Well equipped and very comfortable apartment, 55m2.  You will feel such as being « at home » in this very comfortable apartment Check in are usually around 10AM, Check out are at 1PM however we could be flexible in some cases. All the information related to the apartment will be sent to you via email, by phone or by text. If needed, we can provide you some pictures as well  You will be located in Paris 10th district’s trendiest neighbourhood. Next to Paris most popular places. Le Canal Saint Martin, Les Grands Boulevard and La place de la république are in 10 minutes walking distance from the appartment. In 10/15 minutes by metro or bus, you could also reach places such as : le marais (quartier historique de Paris), à châtelet Les Halles, au
7846		The private furnished bedroom (17sm), is quiet and has a double bed. The flat (100sm) is well located in the 10th district of Paris, between Canal St Martin and Montmartre. It has a beautiful living room, and all the commodities to feel like home.
7847	Au 6eme etage sans ascenseur, cour intérieure, pas de vis à vis.	Joli 2 pièces bien équipé, au calme, le long du Canal St Martin dans le 10ème, quartier très vivant avec restos, bars, boutiques. Près de République, Buttes Chaumont, la Villette, Gare de l'Est...4 lignes de métro à proximité , stations de Velib. Au 6eme etage sans ascenseur, cour intérieure, pas de vis à vis. Accès à tout l'appartement, pas de fiestas. Je suis joignable par téléphone ou mail, je ne serai pas dans l'appartement avec vous. Canal St Martin, quartier bobo très vivant: commerces, bars, restos, boutiques Metros: Gare de l'est, Republique, Colonel Fabien, Jacques Bonsergent
7848	Apartment of 45 m2 near canal Saint Martin in a building on a quiet street, close to the subway, bus, Velib, restaurants and shops. 2nd floor of the building, for 4 people, entrance, a large living room with kitchen on the street, a beautiful bedroom with fitted wardrobes, storage space, a bathroom, water closed. you have a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed for two people. The kitchen is equipped in the living room with an oven, microwave, induction plates, refrigerator with freezer, kettle, toaster, Nespresso, all kitchen utensils 6personnes. Large LCD TV with over 100 international channels, wireless internet included. vacuum cleaner, iron, hairdryer. 	Apartment of 45 m2 near canal Saint Martin in a building on a quiet street, close to the subway, bus, Velib, restaurants and shops. 2nd floor of the building, for 4 people, entrance, a large living room with kitchen,cosy bedroom,a shower and toilette Apartment of 45 m2 near canal Saint Martin in a building on a quiet street, close to the subway, bus, Velib, restaurants and shops. 2nd floor of the building, for 4 people, entrance, a large living room with kitchen on the street, a beautiful bedroom with fitted wardrobes, storage space, a bathroom, water closed. you have a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed for two people. The kitchen is equipped in the living room with an oven, microwave, induction plates, refrigerator with freezer, kettle, toaster, Nespresso, all kitchen utensils 6personnes. Large LCD TV with over 100 international channels, wireless internet included. vacuum cleaner, iron, hairdryer. Welcome to travelers, they will be at home, but in Paris, in this delightful are
7849	Why this flatWe live in this apartment and we LOVE it !! We only rent it during holidays.The flat is very sunny and calm. It is located in an historical building (17th century) and very charming and comfortable).Accommodations:  Apartment, 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bath (Sleeps 4-5)Keywords:  sunny quiet spacious louvreLocation :Between Sentier and the Quartier Montorgeuil, the neighborhood is multicultural, lively, safe with its historic pedestrian-only streets (week end only), and small retail shops, restaurants, cafes and open air markets. The hype and arty rue du Faubourg St Denis is very closed with nice restaurants. A few minutes walk from the flat are the lush gardens of Palais Royal, Famous shops and restaurants including Cafe Marly, Georges Restaurant, Costes Hotel, and designer boutiques.Access to the subway :1 min: M 8,9 - Bonne Nouvelle, 3 min: M 3 - Sentier5-10 min: Chatellet-les-Halles (M (phone number hidden) - RER A,B&D), with most of Metro lines and regional trains to Paris airpor	It's a family flat, very sunny and calm. Historical building (17th.) Multicultural, hype and safe location ( typical parisien ) with pedestrian streets, markets and restaurants. Very central (Montorgueil neighborhood ) Louvre, Montmartre easy acces Why this flatWe live in this apartment and we LOVE it !! We only rent it during holidays.The flat is very sunny and calm. It is located in an historical building (17th century) and very charming and comfortable).Accommodations:  Apartment, 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bath (Sleeps 4-5)Keywords:  sunny quiet spacious louvreLocation :Between Sentier and the Quartier Montorgeuil, the neighborhood is multicultural, lively, safe with its historic pedestrian-only streets (week end only), and small retail shops, restaurants, cafes and open air markets. The hype and arty rue du Faubourg St Denis is very closed with nice restaurants. A few minutes walk from the flat are the lush gardens of Palais Royal, Famous shops and restaurants including Cafe Marly, Georges Res
7850		Grand studio au centre de Paris à 5 min à pied de la Gare de l'est et de la Gare du nord. Proche métro lignes 4, 5, 7, 8 et 9. Big studio in the center of Paris. 5 min from Gare de l’est and Gare du nord by foot. 
7851	The Bedrooms We have three bedrooms and rent one of them out whenever one or more of us goes away for the weekend. The Apartment The apartment is much admired by our friends and guests and we absolutely love living here ! The main room is the living room. It's open onto the kitchen, and the flat is very bright and airy. The apartment is on the third floor with a lift and is very quiet as it looks onto a private courtyard. It's very beautiful and bohemian and Parisian... the floors are wooden and we have a fireplace, a breakfast bar with stools, and lots of books. There is a big kitchen (for Paris standards) with oven, microwave, 4 hobs, kettle, fridge, etc..., which you can use as long as you clean up afterwards! Bathroom with bath and shower and two sinks, a loo (with walls you can write on in chalk!) There is free wifi you can use. Our guests We're mostly looking for couples of friends who just want a place to bunk to explore Paris.  Who am I? I'm a 26 year old English girl, working 	Nice big room available in a 3 room flatshare in the cool Canal Saint Martin area. The Bedrooms We have three bedrooms and rent one of them out whenever one or more of us goes away for the weekend. The Apartment The apartment is much admired by our friends and guests and we absolutely love living here ! The main room is the living room. It's open onto the kitchen, and the flat is very bright and airy. The apartment is on the third floor with a lift and is very quiet as it looks onto a private courtyard. It's very beautiful and bohemian and Parisian... the floors are wooden and we have a fireplace, a breakfast bar with stools, and lots of books. There is a big kitchen (for Paris standards) with oven, microwave, 4 hobs, kettle, fridge, etc..., which you can use as long as you clean up afterwards! Bathroom with bath and shower and two sinks, a loo (with walls you can write on in chalk!) There is free wifi you can use. Our guests We're mostly looking for couples of friends who just want a 
7852	We have a main room with a comfortable 180/200 bed illuminated by a window facing south Paris and the Montparnasse tower.  The bath is sunny and spacious, natural light creates a cozy atmosphere for a long bath at the sunset. It has a fully equipped kitchen, toilet, WIFI, and a balcony. Windows facing all four directions provide a luminous space and a view of the Sacre Coeur, Rex Cinema, Centre Pompidou and the Arc de Triomphe. The building has an elevator.	Beautiful and luminous attic apartment located a top of a classic 18th Century building in the central 10th Arrondissement. Enjoy the best of central Paris life, staying at one of the most lively areas of the city, and enjoy the view! We have a main room with a comfortable 180/200 bed illuminated by a window facing south Paris and the Montparnasse tower.  The bath is sunny and spacious, natural light creates a cozy atmosphere for a long bath at the sunset. It has a fully equipped kitchen, toilet, WIFI, and a balcony. Windows facing all four directions provide a luminous space and a view of the Sacre Coeur, Rex Cinema, Centre Pompidou and the Arc de Triomphe. The building has an elevator. Main train stations are within walking distance, TGV, RER and Metro lines access at Gare de l'Est as well as Chateau d'Eau and Strasbourg - Saint Denis provide easy access to all the classic quarters of Paris. RER B will take you from both main airports to Gare de l'Est. Our friend Joel will take care 
7853		Superbe appartement de 67m² à louer en plein cœur de Paris, situé rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis dans le 10° arrondissement, un quartier moderne et branché à deux pas de Place de la République, du canal Saint-Martin, de la Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord.
7854	Loft in the very heart of Paris.  Exceptional family friendly apartment, at the border of the 9th and 10th arrondissement. This high-spec 3 bedroom apartment retains original features, including French parquetry, and is immaculately presented throughout and offering 120m2 of luxury living. On the second floor (no elevator) in a courtyard of a charming typical Parisian building, the apartment in very light and bright. One large double room for parents and two children rooms (one fully equipped for a baby) the apartment also has two bathrooms ( one equipped with a bathtub/shower, the other with a shower). The kitchen is spacious, bright and very well equipped (Microwave, Oven, Fridge). The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable (with English-speaking news channels). We have a Movie projector, to enjoy a few DVD at night. 	High end 3 bedrooms apartment, located in a lively  central area of Paris (9/10). Beautiful, spacious family friendly designer apartment. Quiet and bright. Ideal cosy place to lay back after a long day in Paris with your children. Loft in the very heart of Paris.  Exceptional family friendly apartment, at the border of the 9th and 10th arrondissement. This high-spec 3 bedroom apartment retains original features, including French parquetry, and is immaculately presented throughout and offering 120m2 of luxury living. On the second floor (no elevator) in a courtyard of a charming typical Parisian building, the apartment in very light and bright. One large double room for parents and two children rooms (one fully equipped for a baby) the apartment also has two bathrooms ( one equipped with a bathtub/shower, the other with a shower). The kitchen is spacious, bright and very well equipped (Microwave, Oven, Fridge). The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable (
7855	-The bedroom is a separate room (NOT A STUDIO) and includes a comfortable bed, a large closet with plenty of shelving for your clothes and suitcase, two Danish style nightstands, an efficient heater for the cold nights, and large windows.  -Fully equipped, modern kitchen, with a stove/oven, dishwasher, washing machine, and everything you might need to cook a full meal or entertain.  -The spacious bathroom includes a shower, a set of towels for each guest, and complimentary toiletries.  -Living room  has a large, comfortable couch for 1 additional guest to sleep, a teak dining table with chairs, and large windows overlooking the street.  -Beautifully restored wooden floors and italian designed tiles throughout.  -Fast Wifi and access to hundreds of TV channels on the flat screen TV.  Lighten up your luggage, because we will provide towels, local guide info, and a hairdryer. Information provided in either English , French, or Spanish, as needed.	Feel like a local! Newly renovated apartment in traditional Parisian building, overlooking the lively Canal St. Martin streets.  Enjoy modern appliances, vintage and design details, large windows, hand picked art, and plenty of storage and comfort. -The bedroom is a separate room (NOT A STUDIO) and includes a comfortable bed, a large closet with plenty of shelving for your clothes and suitcase, two Danish style nightstands, an efficient heater for the cold nights, and large windows.  -Fully equipped, modern kitchen, with a stove/oven, dishwasher, washing machine, and everything you might need to cook a full meal or entertain.  -The spacious bathroom includes a shower, a set of towels for each guest, and complimentary toiletries.  -Living room  has a large, comfortable couch for 1 additional guest to sleep, a teak dining table with chairs, and large windows overlooking the street.  -Beautifully restored wooden floors and italian designed tiles throughout.  -Fast Wifi and access to hundr
7856	The loft can take 4 persons. It has two separate bedrooms, each with a double bed in mezzanine.  The living-room and the kitchen are one and unique great room of 35 m2. The kitchen is well equiped, to cook a simple salad or more sophisticated food. I cook every day, so be sure that you will find all you need in my kitchen! In the small red bathroom there is a shower (no bathtub), and a washing machine. Please feel free to get an eye on the beloved books, and notice that I own no TV.  Wi-Fi is fonctional.	• Loft with two separate bedrooms  • Quiet street in a lively area • Near metro Gare du Nord    The loft can take 4 persons. It has two separate bedrooms, each with a double bed in mezzanine.  The living-room and the kitchen are one and unique great room of 35 m2. The kitchen is well equiped, to cook a simple salad or more sophisticated food. I cook every day, so be sure that you will find all you need in my kitchen! In the small red bathroom there is a shower (no bathtub), and a washing machine. Please feel free to get an eye on the beloved books, and notice that I own no TV.  Wi-Fi is fonctional. You will enjoy the entire apartment, as I propose it only when I'm traveling. You will find in the kitchen tea, coffee... You're very welcome to use olive oil, salt and pepper, vinegar, spices... You will also find in the bathroom soap and shampoo, and fresh towels.  Beds wil be made. On you arrival you will find on the table a homemade neighbourhood guide, just for you.  Hoping you will enj
7857	Superb 2-rooms apartment, 50 m² (538 sqft), in the heart of the young and “Bobo” 10th Paris’ district, typically Parisian place, situated close to all commodities and close-by the famous and beautiful Canal Saint Martin, where Parisians gather to enjoy picnics or drinks, the Republique’s place, with its famous statue and shops, and the Bastille’s place, known for its Opera, hip bars, restaurants and nightclubs. ***About the apartment*** It’s very quiet because surrounded by nice building’s courtyards with respectful neighbors (so rare in Paris !!). The building owns an elevator, an entry phone and a caretaker. Within the flat, you are going to live in a sunny and lovely place, simply decorated by travels’ souvenirs. - A living room and a bedroom (you can comfortably sleep until 4 persons = 1 bed and 1 sofa bed) - A fully equipped kitchen (fridge and deep-freeze, oven, micro wave, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine, 4 gaz hotplates and 2 sinks) - In the living room, there ar	Superb 2-rooms apartment, 50 m² (538 sqft), in the heart of the young and “Bobo” 10th Paris’ district, typically Parisian place, situated close to all commodities and close-by the famous and beautiful Canal Saint Martin, where Parisians gather to enjoy picnics or drinks, the Republique’s place, with its famous statue and shops, and the Bastille’s place, known for its Opera, hip bars, restaurants and nightclubs. ***About the apartment*** It’s very quiet because surrounded by nice building’s courtyards with respectful neighbors (so rare in Paris !!). The building owns an elevator, an entry phone and a caretaker. Within the flat, you are going to live in a sunny and lovely place, simply decorated by travels’ souvenirs. - A living room and a bedroom (you can comfortably sleep until 4 persons = 1 bed and 1 sofa bed) - A fully equipped kitchen (fridge and deep-freeze, oven, micro wave, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine, 4 gaz hotplates and 2 sinks) - In the living room, there ar
7858	Beautiful Flat, cosy lovely and well equipped in one of the trendiest areas in Paris. Staying at my place you'll the Parisian life The flat is located in the 10th district of Paris, (email hidden)ly, multicultural and popular area with handful of crowded bars and restaurants. The flat is isolated from the street, situated in the inner part of a complex so you'll completely forgot that there is plenty of animation in the area. This is the perfect stay for a couple or a single visiting Paris that would like to taste the typical Parisian experience.  You will receive a clean and tidy flat, clean bed (and confortable!), linen and towels a. After booking I will send you detailed instructions on how to get to the studio from the airport/train station. The area is fantastic, i love my district and I'll be happy to share my good spots.  This is a very central location, which is trendy these days among Parisians:  -Just a couple of minutes walk from many Metro lines (4,5,7,8,9) that will take y	Beautiful Flat, cosy lovely and well equipped in one of the trendiest areas in Paris. Staying at my place you'll the Parisian life The flat is located in the 10th district of Paris, (email hidden)ly, multicultural and popular area with handful of crowded bars and restaurants. The flat is isolated from the street, situated in the inner part of a complex so you'll completely forgot that there is plenty of animation in the area. This is the perfect stay for a couple or a single visiting Paris that would like to taste the typical Parisian experience.  You will receive a clean and tidy flat, clean bed (and confortable!), linen and towels a. After booking I will send you detailed instructions on how to get to the studio from the airport/train station. The area is fantastic, i love my district and I'll be happy to share my good spots.  This is a very central location, which is trendy these days among Parisians:  -Just a couple of minutes walk from many Metro lines (4,5,7,8,9) that will take y
7859	"This space is an experimental duplex apartment originally created by a german architect for his family, which now is their ""pied-à-terre"" for some short stays in Paris over the year. It perfectly suits a family or a group of friends with the spaciousness it provides and the many comfortable beds. The two main bedrooms and bathroom are at level -1, entrance and living room/kitchen are on ground floor level. The apartment is fully equipped with linen and towels, blow dryer, wifi internet, cableTV, DVD player, stereo, heating.  - The apartment is designed as a ""loft space"" without doors except of course for toilet and bathroom - It is very quiet  Sleeping arrangements: -downstairs:  2 bedrooms with one queen size bed each (180x200cm) for a total of 4 people + one twin bed for the 5th person and one twin bed mattress for a 6th person to be placed one in each of the two bedrooms, or both in one of them. -upstairs:  2 sofa/bed units of 90x190 for 7th and 8th adult and 1 unit of 90x150 (for c"	"Spacious 120m² (1290ft²) design duplex apartment in the trendy and upcoming Faubourg Saint-Denis area in the 10th district. Suitable for families, professionals and reasonable groups of friends over 28y. No suitable for party people. This space is an experimental duplex apartment originally created by a german architect for his family, which now is their ""pied-à-terre"" for some short stays in Paris over the year. It perfectly suits a family or a group of friends with the spaciousness it provides and the many comfortable beds. The two main bedrooms and bathroom are at level -1, entrance and living room/kitchen are on ground floor level. The apartment is fully equipped with linen and towels, blow dryer, wifi internet, cableTV, DVD player, stereo, heating.  - The apartment is designed as a ""loft space"" without doors except of course for toilet and bathroom - It is very quiet  Sleeping arrangements: -downstairs:  2 bedrooms with one queen size bed each (180x200cm) for a total of 4 people +"
7860	"This 90 m² apartment ""like a old country side house"" are located in central Paris. . At the first floor, located on a peaceful yard and on a safe area,the apartment is very very quiet. You will be totally out of the street noises. When you enter, you discover a warm and cozy living room and a furnished opened kitchen with a nice dining table (10pax) In the living room you will have a fire place and a comfy sofa to listing music and relax after your walking day in Paris. (Fire place is upon request for an extra fee). On the second floor of the the apartment , you will find 2 bedrooms (1 king size bed  & 1 Queen Size Bed), an additional space where you can accommodate 2 more ppls with 2 single beds), 1 bathrooms including 1 showers and 1 bath and restroom.  The neighborhood is very famous, Canal Saint-Martin is a trendy arty area. Many famous painters have captured the bridges and Parisian bistros all around. A lot of Art Gallery are also closed to the apartment."	"You are looking for a cosy place with the subway at 2 min ? In central Paris ? This apartment ""like a little house"" on the back yard will be perfect to you. Ideal for family, couple or friends.                        This 90 m² apartment ""like a old country side house"" are located in central Paris. . At the first floor, located on a peaceful yard and on a safe area,the apartment is very very quiet. You will be totally out of the street noises. When you enter, you discover a warm and cozy living room and a furnished opened kitchen with a nice dining table (10pax) In the living room you will have a fire place and a comfy sofa to listing music and relax after your walking day in Paris. (Fire place is upon request for an extra fee). On the second floor of the the apartment , you will find 2 bedrooms (1 king size bed  & 1 Queen Size Bed), an additional space where you can accommodate 2 more ppls with 2 single beds), 1 bathrooms including 1 showers and 1 bath and restroom.  The neighborhood "
7861		Chambre à louer dans un appartement calme, spacieux et agréable avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Au coeur de la capitale, cette chambre est idéale pour un séjour touristique ou professionnel, dans un quartier très sympa.      
7862	Spacious and luminous appartment, having a beautiful view above Paris rooftops.	Located in the center of Paris, you are at a walking distance from the Canal Saint Martin, Montmartre, Châtelet, Opera and the Galeries Lafayettes. Spacious and luminous appartment, having a beautiful view above Paris rooftops. you have access to the entire flat. You can reach me by email. The area is very lively, there are many bars, restaurants and famous clubs like the Rex, the Triptyque, the Memphis, etc. It is at a walking distance from Gare du Nord, where many trains arrive from Europe, and the ligne B as well, coming directly from Orly and CDG airports. It is on the 6th floor, and there is no lift.
7863	Very quiet and peaceful flat. Pleasant to stay a week-end or few months.	Charming and cosy flat in a little house located at the end of a private courtyard in artistic district of Paris (Belleville / Goncourt / Canal Saint Martin / Republique). Very quiet place, near restaurants, bars, music clubs, perfect to discover Par Very quiet and peaceful flat. Pleasant to stay a week-end or few months. Cool and artistic neighborhood. Trendy bars and good french and asian restaurants. Near Canal St Martin (5 min walk), Republique (5 min walk), Parc des Buttes Chaumont (10 min walk), Le Marais (15 min walk), Beaubourg museum / Georges Pompidou (20-25 min walk) 50m to subway station : Belleville (line 2 or 11), 60m to subway station : Goncourt (Line 11)
7864	********************************************* ONLY from 1st february to 9th I cant rent for just 2 or 3 nights  ********************************************* English : I offer this apartment in the heart of Paris near the legendary Grand Rex cinema (on the street ), the Paris Opera , the department stores of Boulevard Haussmann , the Grevin Museum ( in 3 minutes ) and many theaters . The apartment is serviced in less than 4 minutes to feet by 4 underground stations : Good News (line 8 and 9) , Poissoniere ( line 7) and Strasbourg saint (9, 8 online4 , ) Denis . The property is 12 minutes from Halles ( Hyper center paris ) , 10 minutes from Montmartre, at 15 minutes from Gare du Nord, Gare has 10 minutes to the east The good news Boulevards , Montmartre and the fbg streets Montmartre, Montorgueil Cadet and offer a wide selection of restaurants, bars and cafes. The apartment of 25 m2 is located in a beautiful building on Boulevard. It is ideally distributed and refurbished. The living ro	I offer you this apartment in the heart of Paris near the Grand Rex cinema mythical ( in the street ), the Paris Opera ( 5 minutes on foot ) , the department stores of Boulevard Haussmann (10 min on foot ) the Grevin Museum ( in 3 minutes ) ...
7865	This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator (2 steps in front of it), 2 security codes. The separated kitchen has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : fridge, dishwasher, Induction hob, microwave, washer, coffee maker, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. The  bathroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : washbasin, shower, toilet, tiled floor.	This tastefully decorated 58 square meters , 2 Bedroom, in a CENTRAL location, on the 6 floor of a 19th century building. It sleeps 4 to 6 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator (2 steps in front of it), 2 security codes. The separated kitchen has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : fridge, dishwasher, Induction hob, microwave, washer, coffee maker, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. The  bathroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : washbasin, shower, toilet, tiled floor.
7866		Very big double room in the center of Paris, at 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, Gare d'Est, Republique, Opera, Canal Saint Martin, Grand Boulevards. Perfect location. Very nice young atmosphere in the apartment
7867	Quiet and bright , this huge 2 room-appartment will seduce you with its warm furnishings, its central location and outstanding services for Paris. It is a modern Parisian apartment, consisting of a beautiful living room (living / dining room / open kitchen), a balcony to enjoy the greenery and rooftops of Paris, a bedroom overlooking Montmartre. Located on the 6th floor with elevator, it is ideal for 2 persons but can comfortably accommodate up to 4 persons (2 in sofa bed in living-room and 2 others in the room) The apartment includes: - A spacious and bright living room with 1 sofa bed, 1 club chair, another sofa, a library, a desk and a piano - for musicians delight - An open living area, fully equipped kitchen with all appliances (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, blender) and dishes needed to enjoy good meals around the dining table - A bathroom with bathtub and shower, sink and washing machine - Separate toilets with hand washing - A room with a vi	Cosy 60 sqm apartment welcoming 2 to 4 people fully equipped. Chill out in the residence's swimming pool, sauna or solarium! And, enjoy this friendly, quiet & lively area, 10-20 min from all tourist attractions, with amazing public transport network Quiet and bright , this huge 2 room-appartment will seduce you with its warm furnishings, its central location and outstanding services for Paris. It is a modern Parisian apartment, consisting of a beautiful living room (living / dining room / open kitchen), a balcony to enjoy the greenery and rooftops of Paris, a bedroom overlooking Montmartre. Located on the 6th floor with elevator, it is ideal for 2 persons but can comfortably accommodate up to 4 persons (2 in sofa bed in living-room and 2 others in the room) The apartment includes: - A spacious and bright living room with 1 sofa bed, 1 club chair, another sofa, a library, a desk and a piano - for musicians delight - An open living area, fully equipped kitchen with all appliances (stove,
7868	Fully furnished, this room is in the center of Paris. Only at 3/4 stops with the line 1 or 8 of the metro of Republique, le marais, le parc de vincennes etc Contact me to know more about the offering	In center paris at république (métro line 1, 4,8,9,11) ideally located by the canal st martin one bedroom with a 2 persons bed,  one living room with a sofa bed kitchen, bathroom Fully furnished, this room is in the center of Paris. Only at 3/4 stops with the line 1 or 8 of the metro of Republique, le marais, le parc de vincennes etc Contact me to know more about the offering
7869		Bienvenue dans un studio de charme et de caractère en plein cœur de Paris. Au métro Jacques Bonsergent ligne 5 et République lignes 3,5,8,9,11. C'est 25 m² parquetés de chêne, séparés en deux espaces cuisine/séjour et chambre par une cloison d'atelier avec une belle salle de bain (fenêtre et baignoire). Situé entre une cour pittoresque et une rue piétonne, c'est calme, confortable et très lumineux. Du côté magnifique du 10ème arrondissement, quartier d'artistes et d'idées avec vue sur les petits toits de zinc et le ciel de Paris, au milieu de ce qu'on y fait de + branché et de + raffiné. C'est fin et fou, les bars, restaurants, boulangeries et boutiques rivalisent d'attraits, de classe et d'originalité, et le + beau de la ville est tout près: le canal Saint Martin et son célèbre hôtel du nord est à 2 pas avec péniches et écluses, le marais à quelques minutes à pied, et tout proche, Montmartre, le père Lachaise...  Bienvenue dans la plus belle ville du monde, et dans mon nid!
7870	Chambre de 20m2 dans appartement typiquement parisien. A 100m du Canal Saint Martin. A 50 m du métro Jacques Bonsergent. Très central, tout près de la place de la République ( 5 lignes de métro ligne n°3, n°5, n°8, n°9, n°11 ) et proche du Marais. Quartier très commerçant. L'appartement se compose de :  - Une chambre avec lit deux places, TV - Un salon ( internet wi-fi) avec un canapé   - Une cuisine séparée et équipée (machine à laver - four - micro-ondes) - Une salle de douche.  - Draps & serviettes de bain fournis.   Je suis disponible pour toutes questions éventuelles.  Quartier très charmant, avec beaucoup de commerces. Idéal pour flâner le long du Canal Saint Martin. Le quartier est très central, Marais à 10m à pied.  5 lignes de métro à proximité et à moins de 50m de la ligne 5 arrêt Jacques Bonsergent.  RAS	Chambre de 20m2 dans appartement typiquement parisien. A 100m du Canal Saint Martin. A 50 m du métro Jacques Bonsergent. Très central, tout près de la place de la République ( 5 lignes de métro) et proche du Marais. Quartier très commerçant.  Chambre de 20m2 dans appartement typiquement parisien. A 100m du Canal Saint Martin. A 50 m du métro Jacques Bonsergent. Très central, tout près de la place de la République ( 5 lignes de métro ligne n°3, n°5, n°8, n°9, n°11 ) et proche du Marais. Quartier très commerçant. L'appartement se compose de :  - Une chambre avec lit deux places, TV - Un salon ( internet wi-fi) avec un canapé   - Une cuisine séparée et équipée (machine à laver - four - micro-ondes) - Une salle de douche.  - Draps & serviettes de bain fournis.   Je suis disponible pour toutes questions éventuelles.  Quartier très charmant, avec beaucoup de commerces. Idéal pour flâner le long du Canal Saint Martin. Le quartier est très central, Marais à 10m à pied.  5 lignes de métro à pro
7871		55 m2 appartment with all you can need for a perfect stay in Paris. Very well situated in a very cool neighborhood surrounded by some of the best attractions of Paris The appartment will be exclusively for the guests. Very nice neighbours that may help you if needed Direct access from 2 airports. 10 walking minutes to 2 of the main train stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est) 1 minute walking to 3 different metro lines (Metro Stalingrad / Luis Blanc / Jaures) Metro: 2-5-7
7872	the apartment is through one side of the street one side of a courtyard 2 floor luminous area coveted by real Parisians	Location: Paris Arrondissement 10, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe    Accommodations:  Apartment 1 Bath Sleeps  2 in real bed 2 sofa bed This large (42 square meter) appartement is located in an ancient covent.  The bed room is the apartment is through one side of the street one side of a courtyard 2 floor luminous area coveted by real Parisians washing machine oven dishwasher domestic iron large wardrobe bathtub i will be there to interaction with you.. a lot of metro  the closer is Goncourt bus.... ..
7873		Welcome home ! 1  bedroom flat in a typical Parisian building, with a triple balcony and trendy decoration.  Fully equiped & king size bed. Situated just next to Canal St Martin, with shops & bakery, metro station, restaurants and bars.
7874	Praised for 2 people. Ideal for a couple of lovers who want to visit Paris, or a business trip away from the hotel rooms without character. 25 m² studio lovely comfortable refurbished and very well appointed. Double bed with bedding springs new quality, pleasant space for dining, lounge, kitchen, shower room with washbasin and WC. Salon: TV Blueray player stereo. Kitchen: microwave, ceramic hob, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils and bed linen and towels for bathroom provided. Bright studio very quiet on the second floor. Located in a small tree-lined street in the Parisian charm. Close to subway stations Strasbourg - S  Denis and Chateau d'Eau and the Gare de l'Est. You can park in public parking rue d'Enghien. Very central you can access all the sights of the city and relax in the garden Villemin less than three minutes from the apartment, or stroll along the canal S  Martin. Many merchants located rue du Faubourg  S Denis allow you to make all your purchases: caterers, florists	Praised for 2 people. Ideal for a couple of lovers who want to visit Paris, or a business trip away from the hotel rooms without character. 25 m² studio lovely comfortable refurbished and very well appointed. Double bed with bedding springs new quality, pleasant space for dining, lounge, kitchen, shower room with washbasin and WC. Salon: TV Blueray player stereo. Kitchen: microwave, ceramic hob, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils and bed linen and towels for bathroom provided. Bright studio very quiet on the second floor. Located in a small tree-lined street in the Parisian charm. Close to subway stations Strasbourg - S  Denis and Chateau d'Eau and the Gare de l'Est. You can park in public parking rue d'Enghien. Very central you can access all the sights of the city and relax in the garden Villemin less than three minutes from the apartment, or stroll along the canal S  Martin. Many merchants located rue du Faubourg  S Denis allow you to make all your purchases: caterers, florists
7875	Mis à part les 6 étages sans ascenseur, l'appartement est super !   Tout à 2 pas, alimentation, tabacs, transports, pharmacies, banques.  Moyenne des trajets Uber 8€.	Studio de 21m2 situé à 200m de République, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, calme et lumineux. Idéalement situé, au coeur de Paris, quartier vivant et agréable. Durée maximum du séjour 1 semaine, 7 nuits. Machine à laver, plaque chauffante d'appoint, four. Je précise que je n'ai pas de micro-onde. Bouilloire/machine à café Nespresso (capsules fournies). Télévision par câble, internet en wifi. (fibre)  Salle de bain: sèche cheveux, plaques, gel douche shampoing et serviettes peuvent être fournies sur demande.  Les fenêtres ne sont pas équipées de volets, et les rideaux ne sont pas très couvrants.
7876	A big double room and its own bathroom.	Our charming haussmanian flat is located near Montmartre and Gare du Nord perfect to visit North and South of Paris and go for a walk along Canal Saint Martin. Your room is big with a double bed and with your own private bathroom (salle de bain n° 2 on photos). You could use our kitchen and our living room. Hope to see you soon. A big double room and its own bathroom. We share our kitchen and living room. You can use a bathroom dedicated to your stay.
7877	Apartment ideally located 100m from the St. Martin canal and its locks, the Bassin de la Villette and its rotunda, direct metro to the Champs Elysees, the Opera and at the foot of Montmartre. Many transport, shops, restaurants. In a residence, very quiet (we hear singing birds in the morning) and secure (guard, handler), overlooking two courtyards with many green areas, swimming pool, sauna and solarium (panoramic view of Paris). Apartment down the street, 40sqm, 9th floor with elevator, renovated in 2013, very bright and quiet, composed of a fully equipped entry-kitchen (dishwasher, oven and microwave, washing machine, tumble machine, kettle, toaster etc..), a bar area, a living room with 2 seater sofa (bed 140x200 cm), 1 convertible sofa (80x200cm bed), a dining area, HD cable TV, ADSL internet with secure WiFi, Telephone (free Europe, USA, Canada), a bedroom with a double bed and dressing room with bath (towels) linen provided (towels, sheets) bed and highchair available. Cleaning d	Apartment ideally located 100m from the St. Martin canal and its locks, the Bassin de la Villette and its rotunda, direct metro to the Champs Elysees, the Opera and at the foot of Montmartre. Many transport, shops, restaurants. In a residence, very quiet (we hear singing birds in the morning) and secure (guard, handler), overlooking two courtyards with many green areas, swimming pool, sauna and solarium (panoramic view of Paris). Apartment down the street, 40sqm, 9th floor with elevator, renovated in 2013, very bright and quiet, composed of a fully equipped entry-kitchen (dishwasher, oven and microwave, washing machine, tumble machine, kettle, toaster etc..), a bar area, a living room with 2 seater sofa (bed 140x200 cm), 1 convertible sofa (80x200cm bed), a dining area, HD cable TV, ADSL internet with secure WiFi, Telephone (free Europe, USA, Canada), a bedroom with a double bed and dressing room with bath (towels) linen provided (towels, sheets) bed and highchair available. Cleaning d
7878	Studio apartment of 30 sq m with view over the Basilica of Montmartre, comprised of a living room of 20 sq m, a kitchen of 3 sq m, a mezzanine of 5 sq m, and a bathroom of 2 sq m.  It is completely independent. You will be charmed by its tranquility, its wodden beams in the ceiling, the view over the Sacred Heart and the singing of birds in the morning!   In living room there is: a) a sofa  b) a table and four chairs c) a flat screen TV with cable d) closets   Kitchen is fully equipped: a) a refrigerator, a cook top, a mini-oven b) kitchen utensils: pots, pans... c) dishes                                                                                                                                d) a dish washer    The bathroom has a splendid shower Italian style, a sink and a WC. There is wireless internet. There is also a hair dryer, an iron and ironing table, clean towels and everything needed to spend quiet nights of rest. Flat is on the sixth floor without elevator	Enjoy the tranquillity and the charm of romantic Paris from home. You will easily reach the main tourist attractions of the city on foot and with public transports. Studio apartment of 30 sq m with view over the Basilica of Montmartre, comprised of a living room of 20 sq m, a kitchen of 3 sq m, a mezzanine of 5 sq m, and a bathroom of 2 sq m.  It is completely independent. You will be charmed by its tranquility, its wodden beams in the ceiling, the view over the Sacred Heart and the singing of birds in the morning!   In living room there is: a) a sofa  b) a table and four chairs c) a flat screen TV with cable d) closets   Kitchen is fully equipped: a) a refrigerator, a cook top, a mini-oven b) kitchen utensils: pots, pans... c) dishes                                                                                                                                d) a dish washer    The bathroom has a splendid shower Italian style, a sink and a WC. There is wireless internet. There is also
7879	The building dates from about 1800.  The apartment itself looks onto a lovely courtyard filled with plants.  The ceilings in this top-floor apartment are unusually high and the main living area is quite spacious.  It is furnished with a private fiber-optic Internet connection.  The kitchen has a very effective induction cooktop, an oven, a dish washer, and a refrigerator/freezer.  There is also a clothes washing machine (though no dryer).  All the furnishings you would expect are present: Iron & ironing board, hair dryer, pots/pans, cutlery, Nespresso, TV, Bluetooth sound system, and so on.  The bed is a queen-size.  There is queen-size fold-out bed in the living room that is extremely comfortable by fold-out bed standards.  The heat is electric.  The fireplace is decorative (non-functional).	A bright quiet 60m2 one-bedroom top-floor courtyard-facing apartment with a spacious kitchen in a lively neighborhood adored by Parisians and a minute's walk from Gare de l'Est's four metro lines. The building dates from about 1800.  The apartment itself looks onto a lovely courtyard filled with plants.  The ceilings in this top-floor apartment are unusually high and the main living area is quite spacious.  It is furnished with a private fiber-optic Internet connection.  The kitchen has a very effective induction cooktop, an oven, a dish washer, and a refrigerator/freezer.  There is also a clothes washing machine (though no dryer).  All the furnishings you would expect are present: Iron & ironing board, hair dryer, pots/pans, cutlery, Nespresso, TV, Bluetooth sound system, and so on.  The bed is a queen-size.  There is queen-size fold-out bed in the living room that is extremely comfortable by fold-out bed standards.  The heat is electric.  The fireplace is decorative (non-functional).
7880		Nice and spacious studio arranged with taste in the heart of Paris, close to many tube stations, in front of the beautiful Marché St Quentin. 10 minute walk from the Canal Saint-Martin and all its cool bars and restaurants! 
7881	Downtown, quiet, great restaurants and bars, neighbourhood open minded. Next to the Canal Saint Martin which is a beautiful and romantic place to have a walk or get you wine/beer/snack along the water. My cat mate could be there, if it's a problem I can take him with me;-)	Downtown, quiet, great restaurants and bars, neighbourhood open minded. Next to the Canal Saint Martin which is a beautiful and romantic place to have a walk or get you wine/beer/snack along the water. My cat mate could be there, if it's a problem I can take him with me;-) Canal Saint Martin, Canal de l'Ourcq, Belleville, Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, Place de la Bastille, Port de l'Arsenal, Place de la République, Le Marais. sms, emails Metro line 11; station Goncourt, 3 minutes walking Metro stations Republic and Jacques Bonsergent line 8,9,3,11,5  Bus line 75; stop Alibert  Bycicle spot down the street
7882	my flat is kind of unique since it is very quiet, with nice views on small gardens and some of PAris rooves! you can even her the birds in Spring & Summer!) please note that I live on 5th floor, with no lift, just stairs, which remain easy to climb, and keep you fit! it is very common in Paris, some have 6 even 8 floors no lift!!	"I offer a small but comfortable bed room with king size 160 cm large mattress, in a 55 m2 sunny flat ;  and with good atmosphere feeling  and humor!) Watch out! flat on 5th floor, no lift!.. that's where typical Parisian Life begins!!:) my flat is kind of unique since it is very quiet, with nice views on small gardens and some of PAris rooves! you can even her the birds in Spring & Summer!) please note that I live on 5th floor, with no lift, just stairs, which remain easy to climb, and keep you fit! it is very common in Paris, some have 6 even 8 floors no lift!! access to everything, except laundry. I ll be glad to give you my tips to move around paris very charming neighborhood, with some ""Amélie Poulain "" atmosphere, when walking along the nearby Canal Saint-MArtin, many lively trendy bars & restaurants around! being very close to GARE DE L EST & GARE DU NORD , feel free from Roissy Charles de Gaulle or from ORLY airport to take direct train RER B to paris city center and stop at GAR"
7883	The flat is 27m2 (290 sq ft) made of :  A small living room with a sofa that can turn into bed A bedroom with a 2 person bed A small kitchen, Toilets  The world smallest bathroom :) (just a shower). Perfect for 2 people, no problem if you're 3.	Hi there, I love my place and I hope that you'll love it too. I'm more used to couchsurfing than airbnb, but there is (website hidden) neighborhood is amazing and the location is perfect. The flat is 27m2 (290 sq ft) made of :  A small living room with a sofa that can turn into bed A bedroom with a 2 person bed A small kitchen, Toilets  The world smallest bathroom :) (just a shower). Perfect for 2 people, no problem if you're 3. You get the flat for yourself so everything is accessible. (wifi, coffee machine, kitchen, fridge, washing machine...) Off limits : my computer, clothes etc.. I give you the keys, you give me the keys back. Of course, i can show you on maps the spots that I like in this great city. The location is very central. There are a lot of friendly restaurants and bars around (but the flat is quiet) Close to grands boulevards  Line 9, 8 or 4, you can very easily go anywhere in Paris. I do a lot of velib (the paris bikes), very convenient.. Walking : Grand boulevards 5mns
7884	You will be sleeping in the living room. It is spacious and comfortable.	Our newly renovated apartment is well located and have a very nice view on the Canal Saint-Martin. The metro is very close: - line 2: 2 minutes - line 5: 2 minutes - line 7bis: 2 minutes  - line 7 5 minutes You can use our fitted kitchen. You can have access to the dishwasher, oven,... We love meeting new people. It would be a pleasure to talk with you and walk you around in the neighboorhood (if you like and as soon as we are free). We can advice you on places to visit.  We are at work on week days and we often go out for a drink, restaurants, theaters, ... You will be given a key to have access to our appartment: make yourself at home ! Our place is close to to the park Buttes Chaumont (10 min) and to Parc de la Villette (15 min). We also love walking down the canal and we usually do our jogging around there. The neighborhood is plenty of restaurants, bars, snacks and pubs (you can go dancing or go for a concert).  You also have lots of supermarkets,  french bakery, cheese shop (sell
7885	The apartment is located at the 1st floor of an XIXe building (high ceilings, wooden floors) & fully equipped & furnished (kitchen appliances, LCD TV, washing/drying machine, very high speed wireless, Playstation 3...) You'll have your own space with a double bed, a desk & a closet in a hallway to store your stuff	I'm renting a room in my 650sq ft great & friendly 2BR apt in the center of Paris in in one of the most lively neighboorhood in 10th district, full of shops, bars & restaurants.  It's short distance from all attractions (louvre, eiffel tower...) The apartment is located at the 1st floor of an XIXe building (high ceilings, wooden floors) & fully equipped & furnished (kitchen appliances, LCD TV, washing/drying machine, very high speed wireless, Playstation 3...) You'll have your own space with a double bed, a desk & a closet in a hallway to store your stuff You'll have access to all the areas (except my room), you could use all kitchen appliances, watch a movie, play a PS3 game, or take a bath anytime you want. I'm freelancing so when i'm working i can be really busy, working during the day & going out with friends in the evening, but i'll glad to help if you have any kind of questions about the apt & the neighbourhood.  I live in Strasbourg St Denis neighbourhood, which is one of the tr
7886		Appartement 2 pièces au coeur  du quartier Colonel Fabien, proche du Canal St Martin et de Belleville. Comprenant une chambre à coucher, un salon avec cuisine ouverte et équipée. 
7887	This flat is trully magical.  Imagine a mountain house in the middle of Paris.	Perfect for couple or 1 ps One private room in 130 sq share flat with a huge living room and kitchen.  This room has a private bathroom.  Internet, etc.  Location : Canal Saint Martin This flat is trully magical.  Imagine a mountain house in the middle of Paris. You ll have access to everything except the fourth room. If one of us is here, you r more than welcome to go out with us. Lovely neighborhood.  Canal saint martin--> center of paris. Everything is close, subway, bus.. etc.
7888	Duplex atypique situé aux 3ème étages refait a neuf en début d'année,   de 50 m2 sur 2 niveaux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes + un enfant de 0 a 3 ans.  Son style, ses verrières, sa cheminée en marbre, ses poutres et pierres apparentes lui donnent beaucoup de cachet. Au rdc, vous découvrirez un espace de vie agréable et très lumineux composé d'un salon et d'une cuisine/salle a manger entièrement équipée + une salle de bain a l'ambiance chaleureuse avec une grande douche/lavabos/WC. Vous pourrez monter a l'étage en empruntant l'escalier a pas japonais, une pièce unique, fabriqué sur place en chêne massif et décoré d'objets anciens et chinés lors de nos weekends vagabonds. A l'étage, vous y trouverez un petit cocon sous les toits composé de deux chambres ...Une première chambre avec un lit double et une autre chambre avec un canapé lit et un lit bebe ... Vos nuits seront sous les étoiles !!! N'hésitez pas a me contacter si vous avez des questions. j'y répondrai avec plaisir.  Idé	Appartement atypique et douillet, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à  4 personnes , idéal pour vos weekends et/ou vacances sur Paris . Équipé d'une climatisation pour la saison estivale :-) ! A 2 pas : Paris plage et cinéma en plein air bassin de la Villette Duplex atypique situé aux 3ème étages refait a neuf en début d'année,   de 50 m2 sur 2 niveaux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes + un enfant de 0 a 3 ans.  Son style, ses verrières, sa cheminée en marbre, ses poutres et pierres apparentes lui donnent beaucoup de cachet. Au rdc, vous découvrirez un espace de vie agréable et très lumineux composé d'un salon et d'une cuisine/salle a manger entièrement équipée + une salle de bain a l'ambiance chaleureuse avec une grande douche/lavabos/WC. Vous pourrez monter a l'étage en empruntant l'escalier a pas japonais, une pièce unique, fabriqué sur place en chêne massif et décoré d'objets anciens et chinés lors de nos weekends vagabonds. A l'étage, vous y trouverez un petit cocon sous les toits com
7889	Nice interior decoration by a professionnal  46m2  Cosy living room Spacious room with a large double bed Full equipped kitchen (oven, micro waves, dishwasher, washer,...) Bathroom with a tub, separate toilet.  No TV but really good wifi speed (and a lot of great books also :)	Cosy & bright 2 rooms apartment, 20m from the Canal St Martin, at the heart of a bucolic & trendy typical area.  Capacity for 2 to 4 pers. (1 large double bed + 1 inflatable mattress), fully equipped. Nice interior decoration by a professionnal  46m2  Cosy living room Spacious room with a large double bed Full equipped kitchen (oven, micro waves, dishwasher, washer,...) Bathroom with a tub, separate toilet.  No TV but really good wifi speed (and a lot of great books also :) The apartment is yours ! We've freed some space in the closets for you. We let you a little guidebook with useful information for the flat and with a lot of good addresses in the area (bakeries, restaurants, shopping...). My brother will give you the keys : he also lives in the area and will be able to advise you as well as us :) The République / Canal St Martin area is really ideal to discover the trendy side of Paris : well located, with the canal which is so bucolic and nice for a walk or a drink...   A colorful,
7890		It's an ideal place in the center of paris for 2 people. Many subways are very close. During August, I let my cat in my flat This charming area suggest a lot restaurants and bars. You can use my laptop, internet, wash machine, everything to cook,etc.
7891		"Large bedroom in the Center of Paris. Sleeps 4 adults. Bathroom & toilets. Very central and in a nice area of Paris. The street is full of trendy cafes and restaurants. Close to Canal Saint Martin and Grands Boulevards. Very close to metro stations You are free to use the living room and the kitchen I will be happy to show you the best places in the area. One of the Trendiest Street of Paris 2 mins walk to Metro Station ""Chateau d'Eau"" (Line 4), 5 mins to ""Strasbourg St Denis"" (Lines 4,8,9) and 7 mins walk to ""Gare de l'Est"" (Lines 4,5,7)"
7892		Welcome to a cozy and friendly studio in the heart of Paris
7893	Dans le quartier bobo du 10ème arrondissement de Paris, vous êtes au pied de la très jolie place sainte Marthe, à deux pas du canal Saint Martin et des bars branchés de la rue Oberkampf. Vous pouvez aller à pied Place de la République comme au parc des buttes Chaumont ou au parc de Belleville d'où la vue sur Paris est incroyable! Idéal pour visiter le Paris vivant et à 4arrêts de métros de l’hôtel de Ville au cœur de la ville, à 3 arrêts du quartier de Montmartre!  L'appartement très lumineux de 37m2, offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris, l'église de la rue Saint-Maur et une partie du Sacré Coeur de Montmartre. Idéal en couple, il dispose d'un canapé lit pour les enfants ou visiteurs de passage. La cuisine est toute équipée, la salle de bain très confortable et vous disposerez d'une connexion internet très rapide. 	Dans le quartier bobo du 10ème arrondissement de Paris, vous êtes au dessus de la très jolie place sainte Marthe, à deux pas du canal Saint Martin et des bars branchés de la rue Oberkampf. Vous pouvez aller à pied Place de la République comme au parc des buttes Chaumont ou au parc de Belleville d'où la vue sur Paris est incroyable! Idéal pour visiter le Paris vivant et à 4arrêts de métros de l’hôtel de Ville au cœur de la ville, à 3 arrêts du quartier de Montmartre!  L'appartement très lumineux de 37m2, offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris, l'église de la rue Saint-Maur et une partie du Sacré Coeur de Montmartre. Idéal en couple, il dispose d'un canapé lit pour les enfants ou un visiteur de passage. La cuisine est toute équipée, la salle de bain très confortable et vous disposerez d'une connexion internet très rapide. 
7894	It's hard to find spacious, bright and clean apartments in historic buildings in Paris. We're sure you will love relaxing, cooking, enjoying breakfast on the sunny balcony as much as we do. Plenty of English and French books, endless amounts of records, a bath tub and a big screen TV, our home also caters to those who want to stay in and relax.	We welcome you to our sunny home in Paris. Next to the Canal Saint Martin and the central metro hub of Republique, you find yourself in a trendy but laid back neighbourhood where the real Parisians actually live! Meanwhile 10 mins from central Paris. It's hard to find spacious, bright and clean apartments in historic buildings in Paris. We're sure you will love relaxing, cooking, enjoying breakfast on the sunny balcony as much as we do. Plenty of English and French books, endless amounts of records, a bath tub and a big screen TV, our home also caters to those who want to stay in and relax. Our neighbourhood is trendy, gritty, friendly and vibrant. The big, bright and cozy apartment of two art and music appreciators is located near one of the most connected subway stops and in the middle of the young neighbourhood where real Parisians live. Full of cafes, bars, restaurants and shops. I like to think of our neighbourhood as the urban Parisian version of the scene from Beauty and the Bea
7895	The apartment is 30 sq m and offers a large and very light room with a new queen size bed, a designer desk, comfortable sofa and arm-chairs, and a separate kitchen and bathroom, both newly renovated and fully equipped, in a modern building with a live-in doorman. The apartment is on the last (7th) with an elevator and boasts a 25sq m terrace with an unobstructed view of the city and the famous cathedral of Sacre Cœur. The terrace is  decorated with plants and has dining table with chairs for you to enjoy your Parisian breakfast or dinner on a beautiful sunny day	For your short or long stay in Paris we offer you a very beautiful studio apartment with private pqrking, in the centrally located 10th district of Paris, 5 min walk to the Canal Saint-Martin with its lively promenade, many restaurants and boutiques The apartment is 30 sq m and offers a large and very light room with a new queen size bed, a designer desk, comfortable sofa and arm-chairs, and a separate kitchen and bathroom, both newly renovated and fully equipped, in a modern building with a live-in doorman. The apartment is on the last (7th) with an elevator and boasts a 25sq m terrace with an unobstructed view of the city and the famous cathedral of Sacre Cœur. The terrace is  decorated with plants and has dining table with chairs for you to enjoy your Parisian breakfast or dinner on a beautiful sunny day The apartment has anything you might need during your stay :      Rare in Paris....Private secure parking!!!!!!! Queen-size bed (140 cm x 200 cm) with linen provided Sofa Desk Coffe
7896	We've been living  in our flat for 5 years that it is completely renovated with our taste. We are amateurs of art and design from the 50-60-70. You will find many art and architecture books in our bookshelf.	Our 2 room apartment (55 m2) is located in the heart of the famous Paris's district of Canal Saint Martin full of nice restaurants, fashion shops and art galleries. Sunny and quiet, It s a perfect stay for amateur of art and design of XXth century.   We've been living  in our flat for 5 years that it is completely renovated with our taste. We are amateurs of art and design from the 50-60-70. You will find many art and architecture books in our bookshelf. We ll be there to welcome you if you arrive before 4th of August. One of our neighboor or friend will do for us if you arrive after that date. You can reach us  by phone or email anytime !  We'd pleased to have a tour with you of this amazing area and to give our secret addresses. The area of Canal Saint Martin is one of the most picturesque Paris. It is full of small restaurants, fashion boutiques, design galleries .. When the weather is nice, you can even have a picnic on the banks of the canal especially on Sundays when traffic is p
7897	In this old mansion of Duke d' Enghien, you will be able to profit from the quietness of the apartment within a lively neighborhood. Its sunny terrace will welcome you after your long day discovering Paris.	Private room in a 80m2 quiet apartment with its peaceful and flowered 12m2 terrace. It is the perfect location, in the “Grands Boulevards” area, right in the heart of Paris’s trendy area. In this old mansion of Duke d' Enghien, you will be able to profit from the quietness of the apartment within a lively neighborhood. Its sunny terrace will welcome you after your long day discovering Paris. The apartment is on the 2nd floor without lift. With your private room, you will have access to the living room (23m2), to the lounge (19m2), to the spacious bathroom (7m2), to the kitchen and toilets.  Your room is small, only 8m2 but you'll find everything in it and in the apartment. Wifi is available free of charge. It will be my pleasure to give you any information you need to help make your stay the most pleasant. Both bobo and popular, this area is dynamic, trendy, cosmopolitan and friendly. You will very quickly feel comfortable with it. There are many shops nearby and the Faubourg poissonni
7898		Large bedroom and Large living room. Spacious apartment at the centre of Paris. 5mins from le marais, 15min from Eurostar, 5 mins from Gare de l'est. 12mins from Quartier Montorgueille, 2 mins from trendy restaurants and bars at faubourg Saint Denis and 2 mins from the wonderful Marché Saint Martin. 
7899	Il est lumineux, coloré, rassurant, calme, cosy, on s'y sent vraiment bien. Il est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans un quartier magnifique, le canal saint Martin et à 2 pas de république.	DISPONIBLE DU 8 AU 25 JUILLET: Studio, calme, lumineux, plein ciel, en plein coeur de Paris, a proximité de tout commerce et tout transport. Tout confort, lit, cafetière, sdb, wc, bureau! Il est lumineux, coloré, rassurant, calme, cosy, on s'y sent vraiment bien. Il est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans un quartier magnifique, le canal saint Martin et à 2 pas de république. Quartier central, vivant, romantique : boutiques artisanales et petits cafés restaurants colorés. Tout commerce, tout métro, et toutes les gares sncf  sont atteintes en 15 min! J'ai moi même beaucoup voyagé, vécu à l'étranger où heureusement quelques hôtes gardaient des prix raisonnables! donc je veux rendre la pareille! De plus, si je ne loue pas, je ne peux pas rentrer voir ma famille à Noel :-( . Calme, convivial, beaucoup de commerce, de café, de restaurant, magasin d'artisan. Central, on peut donc aller partout dans Paris en très peu de temps Metro ligne 5 jacques bonsergent. Il y a qu'un seul lit donc idéal p
7900	Il se compose :  - d’une grande pièce à vivre de 30 m2 avec un salon spacieux et confortable, et une cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée (four traditionnel, four à micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson mixte, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cave à vin) - d’une grande chambre de 15 m2 avec lit Queen size (160x200 cm) très calme (car donnant sur un autre passage) - d'une salle de bain (grande douche à l’italienne, grande vasque et grand miroir).  - et aussi : un bureau, une buanderie bien équipée (lave-linge séchant, table et fer à repasser) et des WC séparés avec lave-mains. Traversant (fenêtre dans chaque pièce), orienté nord/sud, très lumineux et très calme (situé entre 2 passages). Je loue mon appartement lorsque je suis en déplacement ou pars en week-end. Idéal pour un couple à la recherche de confort et d'une ambiance typiquement parisienne pour y découvrir la ville autrement. 	Très bel appartement calme et lumineux au premier étage d’un immeuble ancien à deux pas du Canal St Martin : 3 pièces de 60 m2 entièrement rénové par un architecte il y a 3 ans. Il se compose :  - d’une grande pièce à vivre de 30 m2 avec un salon spacieux et confortable, et une cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée (four traditionnel, four à micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson mixte, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cave à vin) - d’une grande chambre de 15 m2 avec lit Queen size (160x200 cm) très calme (car donnant sur un autre passage) - d'une salle de bain (grande douche à l’italienne, grande vasque et grand miroir).  - et aussi : un bureau, une buanderie bien équipée (lave-linge séchant, table et fer à repasser) et des WC séparés avec lave-mains. Traversant (fenêtre dans chaque pièce), orienté nord/sud, très lumineux et très calme (situé entre 2 passages). Je loue mon appartement lorsque je suis en déplacement ou pars en week-end. Idéal pour un couple à la recherche de confort et d'une ambi
7901		1 min from Gare du Nord, a private room in a large apartment of 100m2. The apartment is in a Haussmann style, flooring, moldings, large fireplaces and large mirrors in all rooms.
7902	A 3 minutes walk to the Jardin Villemin and the famous covered market Saint-Quentin or 5 minutes CANAL ST MARTIN, of the Faculty of Medicine, near hospitals and Lariboisière Saint-Louis, 15 mins walk from the Republic Square or Pigalle; 1840 Parisian building with concierge, former 2 rooms opened in one large room of 20m² and entrance, kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated for a total area of 35M, in the living room there is a double bed 140X190, 1 table and 4 chairs, desk with printer, fireside bultex transformable bed of 120x190 booster, swiveling flat-screen TV Freeview and DVD player, mini stereo, internet and as unlimited landlines in France and 120 international destinations the following countries: Argentina, Canada, China, Republic of Korea, United States of America, including Hawaii and Alaska, US Virgin Islands, Singapore. And unlimited calls to mobiles in France and overseas departments (excluding Mayotte and special numbers). Many cupboards; input with separate toilet, kit	A 3 minutes walk to the Jardin Villemin and the famous covered market Saint-Quentin or 5 minutes CANAL ST MARTIN, of the Faculty of Medicine, near hospitals and Lariboisière Saint-Louis, 15 mins walk from the Republic Square or Pigalle; 1840 Parisian A 3 minutes walk to the Jardin Villemin and the famous covered market Saint-Quentin or 5 minutes CANAL ST MARTIN, of the Faculty of Medicine, near hospitals and Lariboisière Saint-Louis, 15 mins walk from the Republic Square or Pigalle; 1840 Parisian building with concierge, former 2 rooms opened in one large room of 20m² and entrance, kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated for a total area of 35M, in the living room there is a double bed 140X190, 1 table and 4 chairs, desk with printer, fireside bultex transformable bed of 120x190 booster, swiveling flat-screen TV Freeview and DVD player, mini stereo, internet and as unlimited landlines in France and 120 international destinations the following countries: Argentina, Canada, China, Republi
7903		Our lovely flat is ideally situated in the center of Paris, in a very lively neighborhood, close to many bars and cafés.   On the 6th floor, it is full of light and has a balcony. There is one main living room with a couch for 2, a seperate 
7904		Nicely decorated 35m² appartment in the center of Paris, near The Grands Boulevards, walking distance from Galeries Lafayette and Centre Pompidou. Very cosy and bright, it has a living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom with a washing machine.
7905	"The amazing unobstructed view of all of Paris, Eiffel Tower, Pompidou Center, Opera,  Sacré Coeur….   A beautiful and very functional interior.   WiFi,  Dishwasher, Clothes washer/dryer, blue-touth stereo.   I have a list and an easy map of my favorite restaurants, bakeries, etc. My neighborhood is very mixed,  with Turkish restaurants, African hair dressers, hipster bars and great restaurants.  It is the last ""real"" central  neighborhood in the Paris.  While the bustling market street (butcher, baker, Easy connection by train and metro.  The Gare du Nord (Train to both airports)  is 10 minutes away.  Easy biking (vélib) distance to the museums and the river.  The Seine is 30 minutes away on foot. "	"This is a newly refurbished one bedroom apartment in central Paris.  There are breathtaking views of Paris from both sides of the apartment and a terrace for those wonderful summer evenings. The amazing unobstructed view of all of Paris, Eiffel Tower, Pompidou Center, Opera,  Sacré Coeur….   A beautiful and very functional interior.   WiFi,  Dishwasher, Clothes washer/dryer, blue-touth stereo.   I have a list and an easy map of my favorite restaurants, bakeries, etc. My neighborhood is very mixed,  with Turkish restaurants, African hair dressers, hipster bars and great restaurants.  It is the last ""real"" central  neighborhood in the Paris.  While the bustling market street (butcher, baker, Easy connection by train and metro.  The Gare du Nord (Train to both airports)  is 10 minutes away.  Easy biking (vélib) distance to the museums and the river.  The Seine is 30 minutes away on foot.  WiFi,  Dishwasher, Clothes washer/dryer, blue-touth stereo.   I have a list and an easy map of my fav"
7906	Ideally located front of 'Metro Goncourt' in the 11th, 3 minutes walk to the beautiful Canal Saint Martin, and 8 mins to Châtelet les Halles by metro. The apartment is 46 square metres, with a large fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, dishwasher, dining table, washing machine, all cooking and dining utensils). Large and very comfortable bed (recently purchased in the last 3 months), sofa bed, bathroom with bath and shower, due of the Parisien roof tops from the main room. Located at the 6th floor (with elevator) in a traditional Haussmann building. Lively area offers supermarkets as well as the bustling Belleville market, numerous restaurants and cafes.	Ideally located front of 'Metro Goncourt' in the 11th, 3 minutes walk to the beautiful Canal Saint Martin, and 8 mins to Châtelet les Halles by metro. The apartment is 46 square metres, with a large fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, dishwasher, dining table, washing machine, all cooking and dining utensils). Large and very comfortable bed (recently purchased in the last 3 months), sofa bed, bathroom with bath and shower, due of the Parisien roof tops from the main room. Located at the 6th floor (with elevator) in a traditional Haussmann building. Lively area offers supermarkets as well as the bustling Belleville market, numerous restaurants and cafes.
7907		Ce charmant deux -pièces aux moulures , parquet , cheminée est placé idéalement au coeur de Paris , proche du canal St Martin et de la place de la République . Il peut accueillir 4 personnes ( chambre séparée et  canapé lit ).Typiquement parisien
7908		Beau 3 pièces métro Gare de l'Est  a deux pas du canal saint martin
7909		Il s'agit d'une grande colocation (3pers.). L'appartement est très spacieux, lumineux, dans un immeuble très bien situé. Le quartier est animé, commerçant, près du (website hidden) vit tout le temps!
7910	Hello, I rent my apartment (47m2), which was fully renovated a few months ago. The apartment:  It is composed of a big and bright living room (three windows), with a big table where you can eat and a couch; a us kitchen that is fully equipped (dishwasher); a bedroom with a kind size bed, a working space; and a bathroom with a tub. It is possible for a third person to sleep on a mattress put on the floor (free of charge).  Sheets and towels are provided. Wireless and sound system (i-pod and mp3 docking station). The neighborhood:  The apartment is located in the 10th district (center /east of Paris), between République and Belleville. The neighborhood is cosmopolite, lively and lovely! Nearby, you can have a walk along the canal Saint Martin where you will meet the Parisian trendy crowd. You will also find a large range of restaurants, bars and night clubs.  The apartment is also close to the Belleville Park where you can enjoy a unique view on the Eiffel Tower and free concerts in the 	Hello, I rent my apartment (47m2), which was fully renovated a few months ago. The apartment:  It is composed of a big and bright living room (three windows), with a big table where you can eat and a couch; a us kitchen that is fully equipped (dishwasher); a bedroom with a kind size bed, a working space; and a bathroom with a tub. It is possible for a third person to sleep on a mattress put on the floor (free of charge).  Sheets and towels are provided. Wireless and sound system (i-pod and mp3 docking station). The neighborhood:  The apartment is located in the 10th district (center /east of Paris), between République and Belleville. The neighborhood is cosmopolite, lively and lovely! Nearby, you can have a walk along the canal Saint Martin where you will meet the Parisian trendy crowd. You will also find a large range of restaurants, bars and night clubs.  The apartment is also close to the Belleville Park where you can enjoy a unique view on the Eiffel Tower and free concerts in the 
7911	We have a bright and clean 2-room flat, rest room and living room,  including one double bed and one sofa-bed, with kitchen and small bathroom. The 38 m2 apartment is located in the 10th district of Paris, in an area of a couple of small and calm streets with bars, restaurants, bakeries and supermarkets.  We hope you’ll appreciate your stay !	We have a bright and clean 2-room flat, rest room and living room,  including one double bed and one sofa-bed, with kitchen and small bathroom. The 38 m2 apartment is located in the 10th district of Paris, in an area of a couple of small and calm streets with bars, restaurants, bakeries and supermarkets.  We hope you’ll appreciate your stay ! Washing machine Wifi and cabled internet access. Fridge, grill oven, two hotplates,  Nespresso machine, all necessary dishes and towels are provided. We won’t be there when you’ll be using the flat, but Coline’s friend will provide you the keys and any help you could need.  Nous serons à l'étranger pendant votre séjour, mais une amie de Coline sera joignable si besoin ! Lovely area of Canal St Martin is down the street.  A 7 min des métro Goncourt (ligne 11) / Belleville (lignes 2/11) / Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) It’s very close to the heart of the city (Chatelet, Notre-Dame), which you can access via metro station Goncourt (line 11, 7 min walk from
7912	Morning sun for your breakfast, cool shadow for the afternoon/evening, you will like the simplicity of this apartment. It was renovated in 2013 and is very comfortable. If you like cooking, you will be happy to find a rather well-equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher!	The nearest metro station is 100m away... but the apartment is so close to the heart of Paris that you might just want to walk or grab on a Velib'! Comfortable, recently renovated and including a nice kitchen, this apartment will make you feel home! Morning sun for your breakfast, cool shadow for the afternoon/evening, you will like the simplicity of this apartment. It was renovated in 2013 and is very comfortable. If you like cooking, you will be happy to find a rather well-equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher! You have the whole apartment for you. But of course, some cupboards will be occupied by my belongings, so please do not touch these. I will probably not be able to interact much with you, but I will make sure there is always someone (me, my brother, a friend) you can contact if you need anything. This neighbourhood is very lively. There is a mix of several populations, from Pakistan, Africa, Turquei... it's a mix of simple people but also artists and entrepreneurs. You can 
7913		A deux pas de la Place de la République et 5mn à pied du Canal St-Martin, deux pièces spacieux dans immeuble calme. Proximité directe commerces, restaurants et transports. Bonus famille: 1 lit enfant (jusque 3ans) + 1 canapé convertible 2 places. Je laisserai aux occupants les coordonnées d'une personne sur place en cas de problème. Le quartier République/Canal St-Martin est un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris. Les animations culturelles sont nombreuses. L'été des concerts gratuits en plein air animent la Place. Le week-end l'accès au Canal est piéton. Metro République (lines 5,8,9,11) and Jacques Bonsergent (line 5) ONE WEEK MINIMUM
7914	Family loft of 170 m ² situated near the Saint-Martin Canal. Atypical, former leatherwear workshop with wooden beam, parquet on the ground, in a craft co-ownership. A tray with a big living-room-kitchen of 90 m², 2 children bedrooms, an office & television area, 1 parental bedroom equipped with a bathroom, a shower room and 2 toilet rooms. Very comfortable, 1 bed 160 cm, 1 bed 140 cm, 1 bed 80 cm and two possible additional beds of 80 cm. The property is situated in the heart of a block, very quiet, on a yard. This apartment is completely atypical, but you will feel as there at home, because beyond its originality, it is a very family place. It is a beautiful construction made of wood, that warms this space.  Bright space, with a lot of charm and face to face mattering offices opposite, but there will be no embarrassment when you are back to the apartment after the office hours. The district is one of the most alive of Paris, as soon as you exit of the apartment, the small bridge above	Family loft of 170 m ² situated near the Saint-Martin Canal. Atypical, former leatherwear workshop with wooden beam, parquet on the ground, in a craft co-ownership. A tray with a big living-room-kitchen of 90 m², 2 children bedrooms, an office & television area, 1 parental bedroom equipped with a bathroom, a shower room and 2 toilet rooms. Very comfortable, 1 bed 160 cm, 1 bed 140 cm, 1 bed 80 cm and two possible additional beds of 80 cm. The property is situated in the heart of a block, very quiet, on a yard. This apartment is completely atypical, but you will feel as there at home, because beyond its originality, it is a very family place. It is a beautiful construction made of wood, that warms this space.  Bright space, with a lot of charm and face to face mattering offices opposite, but there will be no embarrassment when you are back to the apartment after the office hours. The district is one of the most alive of Paris, as soon as you exit of the apartment, the small bridge above
7915	This 100 square meters (1076 square feet) apartment is a beautiful 3 rooms located on the 5th floor of a building located quai de Jemmapes in the 10th district of Paris. It offers 1 large living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 full kitchen and 2 bathrooms with WC. The services are of quality, with a particularly neat decoration; and it offers a magnificent view over the bucolic Canal Saint Martin. It offers all the comforts to accommodate 4 people for a leisure or business trip. The nearest metro stations are Republique and Goncourt.	This 100 square meters (1076 square feet) apartment is a beautiful 3 rooms located on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a building located quai de Jemmapes in the 10th district of Paris. This 100 square meters (1076 square feet) apartment is a beautiful 3 rooms located on the 5th floor of a building located quai de Jemmapes in the 10th district of Paris. It offers 1 large living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 full kitchen and 2 bathrooms with WC. The services are of quality, with a particularly neat decoration; and it offers a magnificent view over the bucolic Canal Saint Martin. It offers all the comforts to accommodate 4 people for a leisure or business trip. The nearest metro stations are Republique and Goncourt. - Wifi unlimited - International TV - Dishwasher - Washing Machine - Dryer - Sheets - Towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. There are the two largest railway stations of Paris: the Gare de l´Est and Gare du Nord. Point of departure and arrival, where people and cultures
7916		Appartement de 35 m2 situé en plein coeur de Paris, autour du canal Saint Martin. Très calme desservi par 5 lignes de métro, idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Quartier très charmant et à l'écart des grands flux touristiques.
7917		Cosy and bright apartment situated in the heart of Paris (2 min walk from Canal St Martin, 5 min from Republique). Enjoy your stay in a young neighborhood with delightful bars and restaurants! Bus and subway are easy. You will have access to the entire apartment - I won't be here. I am always available by SMS/E-mail. If you need anything or if you have any questions, feel free to contact me. Lot of bars and restaurants (veggie food available). 7 subway lines are available within 7 min walk: Station J.Bonsergent: M°5 Station République: M°3,5,8,9,11 Station Château d'Eau: M°4 Station Gare de l'Est: M°4,5,7 Several bus stations can be reached on Avenue Magenta.
7918		Dans un magnifique appartement de 165m2 proche du canal Saint-Martin et du bassin de la Villette, nous vous proposons une grande chambre lumineuse de 16m2 équipée d'un lit confortable pour 2 personnes et un accès à toutes les pièces communes. L'appartement est une collocation entre 3 personnes toutes très sympathiques et accueillantes :) L'ambiance est calme mais conviviale et l'appartement est assez grand pour que personne ne se marche dessus. Tous les colocataires parlent bien anglais. We speak english :) !
7919	Valérie & Laurent will be happy to host you in their 115m² apartment on the sixth and top floor of an authentic early 19th Century building, equipped with an elevator. Well lit on both sides, the apartment has a panoramic view of Paris skyline and numerous monuments.	Valérie & Laurent will be happy to host you in their 115m² apartment on the sixth and top floor of an authentic early 19th Century building, equipped with an elevator. Well lit on both sides, the apartment has a panoramic view of Paris skyline and numerous monuments. We offer you a room with bed (king size), a smaller room with convertible sofa (double bed) and an independent/private bathroom with toilet & bathtub (30m² as a whole with 3 small typically Parisian zinc balconies). Low allergen environment with capacity of 2 adults + 1 child / min. 2 nights Ideal for a relaxed and care free break, we provide clean towels, sheets, soap and shampoo. Breakfast can be taken in our generous (50m²) open plan space. We serve quality tea or coffee, natural orange juice, bread, homemade jam, organic butter from Normandy. The neighborhood has a lot to offer with its ‘Grands Boulevards’: do some shopping and embrace the exciting nightlife (theaters, creative food restaurants, bars, brasseries and ni
7920	This is a nice apartment overlooking the rooftops of Paris, the Eiffel Tower and other monuments. in a quiet and trendy at the same time, Belleville, very close to the center and very well connected: - 2 subway lines. with 2, go shopping on the Champs Elysées in a half hour, or visit the Père Lachaise in 10 minutes. With 11, we'll go to Châtelet, see Notre Dame in 15 minutes. - 2 buses: the 75 directions and new bridge science city (the kids will love it!), The castle of Vincennes 46 direction and North Station. many activities for everyone: - Footing the Buttes Chaumont, Parc de Belleville, pool Desnoyez street, rue Parmentier Street Pailleron - Wednesday and Saturday market high quality products (from all regions of France). Organic shops. - Many restaurants, including a gourmet on the square, and all nationalities in adjacent streets. Enjoy walks along the canal saint martin (5 minutes) to Republic to Bastille ...	This is a nice apartment overlooking the rooftops of Paris, the Eiffel Tower and other monuments. in a quiet and trendy at the same time, Belleville, very close to the center and very well connected: - 2 subway lines. with 2, go shopping on the Champs Elysées in a half hour, or visit the Père Lachaise in 10 minutes. With 11, we'll go to Châtelet, see Notre Dame in 15 minutes. - 2 buses: the 75 directions and new bridge science city (the kids will love it!), The castle of Vincennes 46 direction and North Station. many activities for everyone: - Footing the Buttes Chaumont, Parc de Belleville, pool Desnoyez street, rue Parmentier Street Pailleron - Wednesday and Saturday market high quality products (from all regions of France). Organic shops. - Many restaurants, including a gourmet on the square, and all nationalities in adjacent streets. Enjoy walks along the canal saint martin (5 minutes) to Republic to Bastille ...
7921	We welcome you (ourselves) in our charming loft and leafy terrace.  4th floor, in a quiet courtyard, NO LIFT. Building with concierge and access code. The kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc. .. Laundry: washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board. The bathroom with large bath, hair dryer, towels dryer. Bed linen and duvet for the 2 beds and towels are provided.  Gas heating. Wifi. Cable television with international channel & CANAL+, home-cinema. House phone, land line you can call the USA and Europe for free. We operate on the basis of mutual confidence, and we treat our guests as friends.	Loft 85m2 in duplex, quiet and sunny courtyard/terrace 12m2/Full kitchen/2 bedrooms/bathroom/WC/washer & dryer/Wifi/ 4th floor no lift/Metro to 200m/10-15 min walk: historic center and museum /Quiet neighbours We welcome you (ourselves) in our charming loft and leafy terrace.  4th floor, in a quiet courtyard, NO LIFT. Building with concierge and access code. The kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc. .. Laundry: washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board. The bathroom with large bath, hair dryer, towels dryer. Bed linen and duvet for the 2 beds and towels are provided.  Gas heating. Wifi. Cable television with international channel & CANAL+, home-cinema. House phone, land line you can call the USA and Europe for free. We operate on the basis of mutual confidence, and we treat our guests as friends. To 200 m, Subway station: Strasbourg Saint-Denis (line: 4/8/9) exit side «Porte Saint-Martin». After the first courtyard entrance, Buildin
7922		Big 2 rooms 65m2, sober and sophisticated furniture, strategically situated 200 meters away from Place de la République, and 100 meters away from picturesque canal StMartin, in a quiet street. Large living room, fitted kitchen, pleasant bedroom and bathroom with bathtub.
7923		Appartement 3 pièces de 45 m², au 2 ème étage avec ascenseur plein centre de Paris, ensoleillé. Situé dans la rue du chateau d'eau à 2 mn de la place de la République. Parfait pour une famille ou 2 couples
7924	Situé dans le passage Delanos, une charmante cour historique classée, au 3e étage (sans ascenseur ), l'appartement est lumineux et calme. Il est composé d'un salon, d'une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée et refaite à neuf, d'une chambre séparée, d'une salle de bain avec douche et d'un WC séparé. Notre appartement est dans un quartier avec une atmosphère animée et dynamique (Bars, restaurants…). La plupart des commerces avoisinants sont ouverts toutes la journée jusqu’à tard dans la nuit et tout est disponible rapidement et près de l'appartement (restaurant, boulangerie, bureau de Tabac) The flat is located on Passage Delanos, a listed historic court with plenty of charm. A bright and calm apartment, on the 3rd floor (no lift), it consists of a living-room, an open-plan kitchen, a separate bedroom, a bathroom (with shower) and a separate toilet room. 	Welcoming in our cosy two-rooms apartment! Can accommodate two people and is very central, in a quiet street, just a step from Gare du Nord stations and east. You will take advantage of his kitchen and of its ideal location      
7925		grande chambre dans une colocation de style années 60 ( ascensceur privatif, portes ornementales et poignées dorées...) à deux pas du canal saint martin et proche de la gare de l'est. Il est à partager avec deux colocataires salariés.
7926	This is my flatmate`s room, she leaves it for rent when she travels. This room is about 13m2 , with a big double bed. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples sorry.  The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 with a huge ,fully equiped kitchen, feel free to use it if you clean up after. Room, kitchen , bathroom As I will rent my room when I'm travelling, my guests will probably not meet me. If you have any questions you can ask my (website hidden), they are all very nice girls. Republique is a very nice area, there are a lot of supermarkets, bars, restaurants. It's 10mins walking distance to Grand boulvard where you can find some bars/ nightclubs openning till 6am.  The Saint martin canal is 5min walking distance, where you can spend a lazy sunny afternoon with a beer :) In republique area there are 5 metro lines, which can easily lead you to everywhere in Paris, even to 	This is my flatmate`s room, she leaves it for rent when she travels. This room is about 13m2 , with a big double bed. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples sorry.  The room is totally private , while kitchen, bath This is my flatmate`s room, she leaves it for rent when she travels. This room is about 13m2 , with a big double bed. This is a shared appartment with 3 other chinese girls, cant host couples sorry.  The room is totally private , while kitchen, bathroom and toilet are shared with my (website hidden).  The apartment is 90m2 with a huge ,fully equiped kitchen, feel free to use it if you clean up after. Room, kitchen , bathroom As I will rent my room when I'm travelling, my guests will probably not meet me. If you have any questions you can ask my (website hidden), they are all very nice girls. Republique is a very nice area, there are a lot of supermarkets, bars, restaurants. It's 10mins walking distance to Grand boulvard where you can find s
7927	maison dans une cour avec atelier d'artiste, accès jardin avec jouissance partagée.Calme et verdure en plein centre de Paris. Duplex de caractère. 1er niveau: grande pièce cuisine-salle à manger, cheminée, un bureau, chambre avec mezzanine avec grand lit + lit 1 personne, salle de bain. 2e niveau une chambre avec grand lit	Paris X, duplex de 75 m2, 3 pièces tout confort, 5 couchages dans maison d'artiste avec jardin partagé, calme exceptionnel, quartier st Marthe situé à 5 min du métro Belleville, quartier animé, commerces, restaurants, marchés parisiens. maison dans une cour avec atelier d'artiste, accès jardin avec jouissance partagée.Calme et verdure en plein centre de Paris. Duplex de caractère. 1er niveau: grande pièce cuisine-salle à manger, cheminée, un bureau, chambre avec mezzanine avec grand lit + lit 1 personne, salle de bain. 2e niveau une chambre avec grand lit Lave linge, lave vaisselle, cuisinière gaz, micro-onde,  frigo, batterie de cuisine, télévision, internet, serviettes de bain et draps  fournis, sauna. Électricité  en sus. Caution de 1000€. rendre le logement en l'état ou rajout de 70€ pour le ménage.  Certains placards seront condamnés. Rendez vous sur place, remise de deux jeux de clefs, idem pour le départ. Quartier animé, commerces et restaurants à proximité, marché le mercredi e
7928	"It is a cute and bright furnished appartment, quite spatious for Paris (35m2/360ft2), on the 2nd floor of a safe and small 50's building. It's located in a lively area of the 10th arrondissement (corner of Boulevard de la Villette & rue de Sambre et Meuse), where the neighbourhood is cosmopolitan and soon to be ""hipster"". There are lots of cafes, restaurants, delis...  Farmers Market 2 times/week just downstairs. 10/15 min walk to canal Saint-Martin, Buttes Chaumont Park, Oberkampf or Republique. 10 min by metro to the very center of Paris (Chatelet) 2 metro lines (2 and 11) , buses and bike stations. Closets subway station : BELLEVILLE (2 and 11) It has : one double bed in a separate small bedroom, a sofa in the living room, a big equiped kitchen (Micro Wave, Nespresso, Washing machine for the clothes). Shower & wc. Wifi access. Fresh bed linens and towels are furnished. 4 days minimum. 30€ (cleaning fees)"	"Sunny and cumfortable 1 BR flat in Belleville in a lively and ""melting pot"" neighborhood ((website hidden)_profile.htm) It is a cute and bright furnished appartment, quite spatious for Paris (35m2/360ft2), on the 2nd floor of a safe and small 50's building. It's located in a lively area of the 10th arrondissement (corner of Boulevard de la Villette & rue de Sambre et Meuse), where the neighbourhood is cosmopolitan and soon to be ""hipster"". There are lots of cafes, restaurants, delis...  Farmers Market 2 times/week just downstairs. 10/15 min walk to canal Saint-Martin, Buttes Chaumont Park, Oberkampf or Republique. 10 min by metro to the very center of Paris (Chatelet) 2 metro lines (2 and 11) , buses and bike stations. Closets subway station : BELLEVILLE (2 and 11) It has : one double bed in a separate small bedroom, a sofa in the living room, a big equiped kitchen (Micro Wave, Nespresso, Washing machine for the clothes). Shower & wc. Wifi access. Fresh bed linens and towels are furnis"
7929	Nice 1 bedroom apartement (5th floor) in a building with lift. Beautiful parquet floors, high ceiling and very bright. It includes: a big open living room, a fully equiped american kitchen, cosy bedroom with built-in cupboards, a tiled bathroom and toilet space with a large shower cabin and washbasin.  The flat is completely soundproof and quiet. The whole is decorated in a tasteful way with designer and modern furniture.  Perfect place for people who want to get the most out of Paris. 	Very nice and brand new apartment located in a very attractive and lively neighborhood. You will feel welcome in this modern and well decorated fla Nice 1 bedroom apartement (5th floor) in a building with lift. Beautiful parquet floors, high ceiling and very bright. It includes: a big open living room, a fully equiped american kitchen, cosy bedroom with built-in cupboards, a tiled bathroom and toilet space with a large shower cabin and washbasin.  The flat is completely soundproof and quiet. The whole is decorated in a tasteful way with designer and modern furniture.  Perfect place for people who want to get the most out of Paris. The Canal St Martin neighborhood has a large choice of treatments. Many cafes, shops, bars and lovely restaurants of all sorts located just steps from the apartement. It is very enjoyable to wander around, walk along the charming canal, get a feel of the trendiest spot of Paris. Everything is at a walking distance, you will love it. Subway is only 2 minutes b
7930	L'appartement est constitué de trois pièces: Une grande chambre avec un confortable lit double et un coin bureau d'où vous pourrez étudier les différents guides de Paris que je mets à votre disposition. Un salon-cuisine avec un canapé, une TV, un accès au WIFI, le coin cuisine tout équipé (plaques induction, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière italienne). Et enfin une salle de bain très lumineuse, avec une cabine de douche, des miroirs partout, un lave-linge et les WC. Le linge de maison est fourni.	Je vous accueille dans mon appartement, très clair où règne mon univers, douillet avec une touche de créativité. L'appartement est constitué de trois pièces: Une grande chambre avec un confortable lit double et un coin bureau d'où vous pourrez étudier les différents guides de Paris que je mets à votre disposition. Un salon-cuisine avec un canapé, une TV, un accès au WIFI, le coin cuisine tout équipé (plaques induction, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, cafetière italienne). Et enfin une salle de bain très lumineuse, avec une cabine de douche, des miroirs partout, un lave-linge et les WC. Le linge de maison est fourni. Pas de cigarettes à l'intérieur. Les + du quartier: L'animation gaie et colorée de la rue Sainte-Marthe. La proximité avec le Canal Saint-Martin (5mn) Attention: il y a beaucoup de restaurants dans la rue donc le quartier est vivant et peut être bruyant certains soirs. Métros: - Belleville ou Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) - Belleville ou Goncourt (ligne 11) - République (10-12mn 
7931	Cute little flat in an old parisian building. If you are looking for comfort, peace and practicality, this is your choice. If you are looking for Parisian views, this is not for you. Quiet and peaceful, since it is in the inner courtyard, and easily accessible (4th floor with a lift). You have a living room, kitchen and a tiny functional bathroom. Ideal for a couple.  Fully equipped with all you need for a comfortable stay in Paris (see lists at the end of description). This is a no smoking flat (but you can smoke in the corridor at the window) ! The corridor has just been painted fresh so it is nice and clean ! The flat is located just at 15 minutes walk from Canal St.Martin, from Les Halles with plenty of restaurants! At 2 minutes to Château d'eau Metro Station (just 5 stops to city center - Pompidou Museum, etc), 5 minutes walk to Strasbourg St Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9) and 10 minutes walk to the transport hub in Republique (4 metro lines). So, all in all a great location. There are 	Cute little flat in the center of Paris. If you are looking for comfort, cosiness and practicality, this is your choice. It is well located with 3 metro lines (4,8, 9), near 2 train stations (Gares du Nord et de l'Est) and the highlights of Paris !! Cute little flat in an old parisian building. If you are looking for comfort, peace and practicality, this is your choice. If you are looking for Parisian views, this is not for you. Quiet and peaceful, since it is in the inner courtyard, and easily accessible (4th floor with a lift). You have a living room, kitchen and a tiny functional bathroom. Ideal for a couple.  Fully equipped with all you need for a comfortable stay in Paris (see lists at the end of description). This is a no smoking flat (but you can smoke in the corridor at the window) ! The corridor has just been painted fresh so it is nice and clean ! The flat is located just at 15 minutes walk from Canal St.Martin, from Les Halles with plenty of restaurants! At 2 minutes to Chât
7932	The 1-room flat offers you everything you need to have a nice and cosy stay in Paris. It is very quiet, even though in the middle of the parisian's unique lively quarter. Near the Opera, Galeries Lafayettes or Louvres, it is closed to any tourist spots you want to visit. If you don't want to walk, a metro station is only 3-minutes walk away from the studio. The street is very lively, with many restaurants, bars and grocery shops including one of the most famous cheese shop of Paris. 	If you want to stay in the heart of the real parisian life, this 1-room flat is ideal for you. The street is full of grocery shops, restaurants and bars. It is 3-minutes walk form a metro station with direct lines to Opera or Louvres! Bienvenue! The 1-room flat offers you everything you need to have a nice and cosy stay in Paris. It is very quiet, even though in the middle of the parisian's unique lively quarter. Near the Opera, Galeries Lafayettes or Louvres, it is closed to any tourist spots you want to visit. If you don't want to walk, a metro station is only 3-minutes walk away from the studio. The street is very lively, with many restaurants, bars and grocery shops including one of the most famous cheese shop of Paris.  A small kitchen, a newly renovated shower and a quiet nest to sleep in. Near gare du Nord, it is located to an important metro station 5Strasbourg-St Denis or Grands Boulevards) to enable you to reach the main attractions of the city.
7933	Large appartment in Paris center, with extensive access to all transport : a unique position to visit all Paris! Large and quiet rooms for breath after visits and walk. Up to 7 persons : 1 double bed + 3 single bed + 1 cot, and additional 1 sofa bed for 2.	2 floors : 1 large livingroom with full equiped open kitchen, 3 nice bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. 105sqm. Typical Parisian building down Montmartre hill, in Paris 10th. 5min to all transports (Eurostar, direct airport access, metro, bus). Large appartment in Paris center, with extensive access to all transport : a unique position to visit all Paris! Large and quiet rooms for breath after visits and walk. Up to 7 persons : 1 double bed + 3 single bed + 1 cot, and additional 1 sofa bed for 2. Fully equiped. Livingroom: TV (cable), broadband wireless internet, sound system. Kitchen : hotplates, oven, micro-wave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, Nespresso  Bathroom : washing machine, 1 shower, 1 bathtub/shower Kids : baby bathtub, changing table, cot and crib, bouncer, toys, DVD... Neighborhood is very convenient and lively (stores and open markets). Any place in Paris very accessible thanks to all transports. Gare du Nord : railway (Eurostar & Thalys), trains, metro and RER (5 lines, Roissy CDG airp
7934	Hello, I just completely renovated my apartment.  I travel a lot for work and hope you will enjoy the apartment while I am not in Paris.  Welcome & awaiting your reservation.  Best Caroline. DESCRIPTION:  Brand new, bright, cosy and fully equipped one bedroom flat in the heart of Paris, on the 4th floor of a 5 floors building, with 2 big windows in the lounge area overlooking the Canal Saint Martin. It is 5 minutes walk to République, 15 minutes walk to the Marais and 2 metro stations to  Gare du Nord. Inside the apartment you will find parquet flooring, a fully equipped open kitchen with a touch-activated cooktop, an assortment of kitchen cook- and dishware, a big closet a sound system with iPhone connection, a bathroom with fluffy towels, a sparkling clean shower with great water pressure, a separate bedroom with new comfortable double bed, fresh bed linen, a large sofa, new washing  machine, television, WIFI internet, .... everything new and at your disposal. THE CANAL ST MARTIN ARE	Hello, I just completely renovated my apartment.  I travel a lot for work and hope you will enjoy the apartment while I am not in Paris.  Welcome & awaiting your reservation.  Best Caroline. DESCRIPTION:  Brand new, bright, cosy and fully equipped one bedroom flat in the heart of Paris, on the 4th floor of a 5 floors building, with 2 big windows in the lounge area overlooking the Canal Saint Martin. It is 5 minutes walk to République, 15 minutes walk to the Marais and 2 metro stations to  Gare du Nord. Inside the apartment you will find parquet flooring, a fully equipped open kitchen with a touch-activated cooktop, an assortment of kitchen cook- and dishware, a big closet a sound system with iPhone connection, a bathroom with fluffy towels, a sparkling clean shower with great water pressure, a separate bedroom with new comfortable double bed, fresh bed linen, a large sofa, new washing  machine, television, WIFI internet, .... everything new and at your disposal. THE CANAL ST MARTIN ARE
7935	Spacieux et fonctionnel. Vue agréable , ce grand appartement pourra accueillir confortablement 8 personnes.  2 chambres ont un lit 2 places 1 chambre a 2 lits 1 place superposés 1 chambre a 2 lits 1 place.	"Appart 4 chb/8 pers canal St Martin Spacieux et fonctionnel. Vue agréable , ce grand appartement pourra accueillir confortablement 8 personnes.  2 chambres ont un lit 2 places 1 chambre a 2 lits 1 place superposés 1 chambre a 2 lits 1 place. Il y a 2 salles de bain (1 avec douche et 1 avec baignoire) dont 1 avec machine à laver et sèche-linge. 2 WC. Cuisine toute équipée avec four, lave-vaisselle, frigo-congélateur, micro-onde, grille-pain, expresso et bouilloire. Contact par email, réponse assurée. Je suis Antoine. Pour un nombre limité de clients, je suis en mesure d'offrir une réduction de 20% de la totalité du séjour alors dépêchez-vous à me contacter à: antohost@òutlôôk.çòm Pour vous assurer que vous serez en mesure de me joindre en composant le courriel tapez manuellement Ce quartier est un véritable ""village"" dans la ville, avec ses commerces vintages et atypiques. Proche de tout et loin de rien, il vous surprendra par son calme et sa diversité. Le métro ligne 2 arrêt "" colonel "
7936	Il est très bien situé a 200m des grands boulevards, pourtant très calme dans une cour privée très agréable. Hauteur sous plafond agréable (3m) et lumineux. 	Il est très bien situé a 200m des grands boulevards, pourtant très calme dans une cour privée très agréable. Hauteur sous plafond agréable (3m) et lumineux.  Internet  Quartier très vivant et touristique. (Opéra Garnier / grands boulevards.... ) Métro BONNE NOUVELLE lignes 8 et 9  Métro POISSONNIÈRE ligne 7
7937	Confortable, quiet, spacious, convenient and ideally located in the center of Paris, close by all museum and 5 different subway lines, velib station down the (website hidden)-Martin canal. 2 rooms, 64 m². 2/4 persons, fully equipped 2nd floor, balcony, elevator. Double lounge/dining room 35 m², bedroom 16 m², fully fitted kitchen (kittle, toaster, coffee machine, dishwaher...) Clear, sunny, double glazing, quiet bedroom, WiFi, DVD, arrangements, bathtub, washing machine. In a former building, apartment brightened up with a balcony equipped with a table and 2 chairs. Fully equipped, it has a large living room of 35m2 with a sofa bed comfortable of 140*190.  In the bedroom of 16m2, calm down on court, arrangements are at your disposal.  All bed linen is provided as well as bath towels. Lively area, the canal st martin is pedestrian on Sundays.  Nearby: restaurants, bars, bakeries, supermarkets … Easy Access by the subway Republic. The main tourist places of the capital are easily accessi	This 2 rooms flat of 64m2 is perfect for your Parisian stay in the trendy district of the St Martin canal. Perfectly equipped, it can welcome up to 4 people. Confortable, quiet, spacious, convenient and ideally located in the center of Paris, close by all museum and 5 different subway lines, velib station down the (website hidden)-Martin canal. 2 rooms, 64 m². 2/4 persons, fully equipped 2nd floor, balcony, elevator. Double lounge/dining room 35 m², bedroom 16 m², fully fitted kitchen (kittle, toaster, coffee machine, dishwaher...) Clear, sunny, double glazing, quiet bedroom, WiFi, DVD, arrangements, bathtub, washing machine. In a former building, apartment brightened up with a balcony equipped with a table and 2 chairs. Fully equipped, it has a large living room of 35m2 with a sofa bed comfortable of 140*190.  In the bedroom of 16m2, calm down on court, arrangements are at your disposal.  All bed linen is provided as well as bath towels. Lively area, the canal st martin is pedestrian 
7938	The appartement is really sunny and you feel you're in the sky. Great volumes and  in great condition.clean ! 	In the center of Paris in the neighborhood of the Grands Boulevards, 120m2 Appt on 7th floor with elevator. Old and Charming building, 2 balconies on both sides. 2 quiet bedrooms. Stylish decoration. Sacré-Coeur and Eiffel-Tower view ! The appartement is really sunny and you feel you're in the sky. Great volumes and  in great condition.clean ! You have access to all the equipment of the house..feel like home. very central neighborhood, walking distance to the Marais. 3 lignes of Subway just down the building. Traditionnal market and Bio products everyday around the corner. 
7939	We really like our apartment! It’ a classic « Haussmann » apartment (1886), at top floor (5th), with a view on a private paved and green courtyard. It’s ideal for a family. Recently beautifuly revamped as new (November 2012). May windows on both sides of the apartment. At the hearth of Paris, and yet perfectly calm. Wooden floor, chimney. Large flat screen TV. Kitchen with all conveniences. 3 confortable bedrooms. Can accomodate 7 guests : 1 bed for two, 3 single beds, 1 convertible bed for two. Bathroom with shower and bathtub. Separated toilets. Office space with computer and printer. Ideally located between canal St Martin, la Villette. Metro : Louis Blanc. Buttes Chaumont park accessible in 5 minutes by bus. Near Sacré Cœur (direct Metro 2),  St Germain (direct Métro 4) and Chatelet. Quartier latin also accessible in 15mn (métro ligne 7 direct). Rental from Saturday to Saturday. Exit cleaning fee : 50 € Car park, 5mn walk is available (6€/day)	Classic parsian family apartment, 95m2, 3 bedrooms, big lounge, old style parquet, mouldings and fireplace. Very bright (orientation southwest). Very well located, the household electrical comfort in a cosy and spacious appartment. Absolutly quiet ! We really like our apartment! It’ a classic « Haussmann » apartment (1886), at top floor (5th), with a view on a private paved and green courtyard. It’s ideal for a family. Recently beautifuly revamped as new (November 2012). May windows on both sides of the apartment. At the hearth of Paris, and yet perfectly calm. Wooden floor, chimney. Large flat screen TV. Kitchen with all conveniences. 3 confortable bedrooms. Can accomodate 7 guests : 1 bed for two, 3 single beds, 1 convertible bed for two. Bathroom with shower and bathtub. Separated toilets. Office space with computer and printer. Ideally located between canal St Martin, la Villette. Metro : Louis Blanc. Buttes Chaumont park accessible in 5 minutes by bus. Near Sacré Cœur (direct Metr
7940	THE VIEW! on the Basilique du sacré Coeur and Montmartre, as well as the chimneys of Paris. Very clear and quiet.	very romantic view on the roofs of Paris and Montmartre. Very clear and calm. On the main metro line, right accross gare du Nord. On 6 th floor with no elevator. Balinese wedding bed a little less wide than usual but enough for two.
7941		50 sq metre apartment on Canal Saint Martin, one of the most charming areas in Paris (safe, calm yet lively). Comprises one bedroom, one spacious living room, one bathroom with a separate toilet, and one fully-equipped kitchen.
7942	You will live in your private room with a private (shower) bath room. The room and the apartment are very quiet but located in one of the best  life area of Paris : a lot of restaurants, bars, the most historic cinema of Paris « Grand Rex » is just in front. 	Welcome in our parisian-bohemian stylish apartement in the center of Paris ! With an area of 120m2,  our apartment looks like an artist loft : that is to say with some flaws but lots of charm ;) You will live in your private room with a private (shower) bath room. The room and the apartment are very quiet but located in one of the best  life area of Paris : a lot of restaurants, bars, the most historic cinema of Paris « Grand Rex » is just in front.  You will live with my two roommate, 2 young women, Flo is 25 and Chrys is 30. This is a good apartement for independant people who want to discover all parts of Paris from the very center area : « Bonne Nouvelle » I will give you more information if you need. Feel free to post me any question.  The location is perfect to visit Paris in summer : 15 minutes walk from the Opera, rue de Rivoli, Les Halles, Canal Saint Martin… A lot of people in the street all the time and a 4* hotel just in front make the area a safe place.  I will leave you a
7943	Fully restored in March 2015	Lovely & bright studio 36m2 (sq meters) with high ceiling New and comfy double bed & large double sofa bed Fully equipped kitchen — King size shower cubicle Romantic neighborhood — Front of Canal Saint-Martin Close to Metro station & facilities Fully restored in March 2015 Fancy & romantic neighborhood The lovely Canal Saint-Martin — 5 minutes walking to Gare de l'Est. 10 minutes walking to Gare du Nord. 10 minutes walking to Republique. 10 minutes walking to Buttes-de-Chaumont Park. 20 minutes walking to Sacré Coeur, Montmartre. Subway  — Louis Blanc (lines 7 & 7bis) — 100 meters Chateau-Landon (line 7) — 100 meters Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5, 7) — 200 meters
7944		Ancien commerce en duplex 70 m2. Accès direct rue ou cour. Pièce Principale: grande hauteur sous plafond et pierres apparentes, mezzanine sur toute la longueur (2 lits 2 places), cuisine ouverte. Au 1er: SdB feuilletée or et 2 chambres.
7945	Lovely one-bedroom flat (301ft²/28m²), quiet (a concierge is living in the building), on 4th floor (with a *tiny* elevator) of a calm 6-floors building. You will have a large living-room with a French window, a separate fully-furnished kitchen (with 3 induction cookers, a microwave, a big fridge, a toaster, a coffee maker, dishes...), a bathroom with bathtub and separe toilets all available for your use.  There are a double bed (brand-new mattress, bought in July 2012) and a sofa bed in the living-room, which make the apartment perfect for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 children. Clean sheets and towels (1 per person) are included.  You'll enjoy wireless Internet connection and TV & radio via Freebox Revolution). You can use the washing-machine if you need to. From the building, you can walk to the: Grand Rex (cinema), Manoir de Paris, Canal Saint Martin, Musée Grévin, Printemps/Galeries Lafayette, main theaters etc. Location is central and very convenient. Nearest Transit:  - Bonne 	Nice apartment with separate kitchen, where 4 people can sleep. Located in the 10th district, a nice, dynamic and trendy area. It's central, close to a lot of metro stations which would be very convenient for you to go to touristic sites. Lovely one-bedroom flat (301ft²/28m²), quiet (a concierge is living in the building), on 4th floor (with a *tiny* elevator) of a calm 6-floors building. You will have a large living-room with a French window, a separate fully-furnished kitchen (with 3 induction cookers, a microwave, a big fridge, a toaster, a coffee maker, dishes...), a bathroom with bathtub and separe toilets all available for your use.  There are a double bed (brand-new mattress, bought in July 2012) and a sofa bed in the living-room, which make the apartment perfect for a couple or a family with 1 or 2 children. Clean sheets and towels (1 per person) are included.  You'll enjoy wireless Internet connection and TV & radio via Freebox Revolution). You can use the washing-machine if y
7946	The apartment is very sunny all day and very pleasant. No vis-à-vis and tastefully furnished. Ideally located for travelers arriving at Gare du Nord (Eurostar) or Gare de l’Est and even Paris airports. It is very central and well served by public transport. Many shops nearby and the indoor market (very typical of Saint Quentin) is 2 minutes away. Description: The apartment of 60m ² is located on the 6th and last floor and can accommodate up to 3 people (sofa in the living room for 1). The separate bedroom is furnished with a comfortable double bed 140x190 and a beautiful view over the Eiffel Tower (and the lights in the evening). It is on the courtyard side of the building so it is very quiet. The large living room has 2 sofas (one of the two can be used as a bed for 1 person), a dining table for 4-5 people. 2 large windows open onto a balcony and a nice view over the rooftops of Paris and some iconic monuments such as Beaubourg, Notre Dame or the Pantheon! The kitchen is open to the l	2 min walking from Gare du Nord! Lovely apartment with nice view on monuments, large and sunny living room. Eiffel tower view from the bedroom, very romantic!    The apartment is very sunny all day and very pleasant. No vis-à-vis and tastefully furnished. Ideally located for travelers arriving at Gare du Nord (Eurostar) or Gare de l’Est and even Paris airports. It is very central and well served by public transport. Many shops nearby and the indoor market (very typical of Saint Quentin) is 2 minutes away. Description: The apartment of 60m ² is located on the 6th and last floor and can accommodate up to 3 people (sofa in the living room for 1). The separate bedroom is furnished with a comfortable double bed 140x190 and a beautiful view over the Eiffel Tower (and the lights in the evening). It is on the courtyard side of the building so it is very quiet. The large living room has 2 sofas (one of the two can be used as a bed for 1 person), a dining table for 4-5 people. 2 large windows op
7947		Entirely Renovated studio in the 10th, right above the Place Franz Liszt, in front of the beautiful Church St Vincent de Paul. 2mins walk to Gare du Nord station (metro lines 4,5) 2mins walk to Poissonière station (metro line 7)
7948	petit studio, simple et fonctionnel très bien situé idéal pour séjour de visite ou pied à terre ponctuel	Studio 13 m2. Lit sur mezzanine. coin cuisine équipé, salle d'eau avec douche petit studio, simple et fonctionnel très bien situé idéal pour séjour de visite ou pied à terre ponctuel non fumeurs uniquement nombreux métros (lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) et bus (phone number hidden), N01, N02, N12, N23, N141, N142) Place de la République caution demandée
7949	Located in the charming « bo-bo » ( Bourgeois-Bohème) neighbourhood of Canal St Martin, situated in central Paris, this two bedroom apartment will offer you a real Parisian expérience. This 3rd floor hausmanian apartment with elevator has all the original features, High ceilings oak parquets floors, beautiful mouldings and antique marble chimneys. The entrance hall leads to a spacious and luminous living room with a double convertible sofa, the modern kitchen is fully equiped ( dish washer, coffee machine, kettle, gaz cooking plaques, fridge, kitchen ustensils…) with a large dining table that seats 8 people.  There are two double bedrooms, each with an individual luxurious bathroom with bath and shower. two other bedrooms with convertible sofas that sleep 2 people each share a little shower room with wc and sink. There is a laundry room, TV, Wifi and fans. This apartment with it’s fine decoration and spacious rooms will offer you a real taste of Parisian luxe !	4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, living room, fully equipped kitchen, laundry, internet. Located in the charming « bo-bo » ( Bourgeois-Bohème) neighbourhood of Canal St Martin, situated in central Paris, this two bedroom apartment will offer you a real Parisian expérience. This 3rd floor hausmanian apartment with elevator has all the original features, High ceilings oak parquets floors, beautiful mouldings and antique marble chimneys. The entrance hall leads to a spacious and luminous living room with a double convertible sofa, the modern kitchen is fully equiped ( dish washer, coffee machine, kettle, gaz cooking plaques, fridge, kitchen ustensils…) with a large dining table that seats 8 people.  There are two double bedrooms, each with an individual luxurious bathroom with bath and shower. two other bedrooms with convertible sofas that sleep 2 people each share a little shower room with wc and sink. There is a laundry room, TV, Wifi and fans. This apartment with it’s fine decoration and spaci
7950	Cet appartement haussmannien de 1867 est situé au 3ème étage sur cour (donc complètement silencieux), a une superficie de 110 m2 et des hauteurs sous plafond de 3 m. Les plafonds sont ornés de moulures d'époque et le plancher est en chêne. Les parties à vivre (séjour, salle à manger, cuisine et toilettes) sont d'un côté de l'appartement, et les chambres et salle de bain de l'autre. L'entrée dessert le salon équipé d'un canapé convertible pour deux vrais couchages, d'une télé grand écran et d'un lecteur de DVD. Utilisable en tant que chambre, le salon est totalement indépendant des autres pièces. La salle à manger communique avec le séjour par deux portes. Elle comporte une grande table pour vos repas, et d'un grand canapé pour vos digestions, et éventuellement servir d'un couchage supplémentaire de qualité. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigirateur/congélateur, four, micro-onde, lave linge, télé, vaisselle et linge de maison. Une table amovible ainsi que des tabourets vous permettront 	Cet appartement haussmannien de 1867 est situé au 3ème étage sur cour (donc complètement silencieux), a une superficie de 110 m2 et des hauteurs sous plafond de 3 m. Les plafonds sont ornés de moulures d'époque et le plancher est en chêne. Les parties à vivre (séjour, salle à manger, cuisine et toilettes) sont d'un côté de l'appartement, et les chambres et salle de bain de l'autre. L'entrée dessert le salon équipé d'un canapé convertible pour deux vrais couchages, d'une télé grand écran et d'un lecteur de DVD. Utilisable en tant que chambre, le salon est totalement indépendant des autres pièces. La salle à manger communique avec le séjour par deux portes. Elle comporte une grande table pour vos repas, et d'un grand canapé pour vos digestions, et éventuellement servir d'un couchage supplémentaire de qualité. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigirateur/congélateur, four, micro-onde, lave linge, télé, vaisselle et linge de maison. Une table amovible ainsi que des tabourets vous permettront 
7951	I'd love to welcome you in my charming home in the center of Paris, in the 10th district (arrondissement), on a tranquil square overlooking the church St Vincent de Paul.  The flat is very bright, and covers 226 feet sq (21 m2). It comprises one room, a small kitchen (with washing machine, electric hob, refrigerator and small oven), a shower room/toilet and a corridor with fitted cupboards. You'll have some storage room. Situated on the 7th floor with elevator. There is WIFI internet access. Clean sheets and towels are provided.  My place is close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est main train stations, Gare du Nord being the station where all trains coming from Paris airports CDG and Orly stop, as well as Thalys and Eurostar trains. You'll have 4 metro lines serving every possible Paris neighborhood within 3 minutes walking distance, as well as the RER (suburban trains) lines B, D and E. The airbnb calendar is updated daily, so if you see the apartment available on the calendar, my plac	I'd love to welcome you in my charming home in the center of Paris, in the 10th district (arrondissement), on a tranquil square overlooking the church St Vincent de Paul.  The flat is very bright, and covers 226 feet sq (21 m2). It comprises one room, a small kitchen (with washing machine, electric hob, refrigerator and small oven), a shower room/toilet and a corridor with fitted cupboards. You'll have some storage room. Situated on the 7th floor with elevator. There is WIFI internet access. Clean sheets and towels are provided.  My place is close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est main train stations, Gare du Nord being the station where all trains coming from Paris airports CDG and Orly stop, as well as Thalys and Eurostar trains. You'll have 4 metro lines serving every possible Paris neighborhood within 3 minutes walking distance, as well as the RER (suburban trains) lines B, D and E. The airbnb calendar is updated daily, so if you see the apartment available on the calendar, my plac
7952	Located in the charming and trendy « bo-bo » ( Bourgeois-Bohème) neighbourhood of Canal St Martin, situated in central Paris, this contemporary renewed Haussmanian apartment will offer you a real Parisian expérience. The area is well known for its upcoming fashion boutiques, traditional local grocery stores including one of Paris’s best Boulangeries (bakery ) and many delicious restaurants and bars. The 150 square meters apartment is situated on the 4th floor with elevator of a typicaly Haussmanian 19th century building.  The rooms are very spacious and bright with their high ceilings and large french windows. All the antique features as the marble chimneys, detailed ceiling mouldings, oak parquet floors, has been preserved and mixed with a very design and contemporary style which gives the apartment a unique decoration! The kitchen is open on the living room area with a dining central area, all the kitchen ustensils are provided for perfect home meals !  The tv with international chan	Very bright and nicely decorated Apartment in the Canal St Martin area. Located in the charming and trendy « bo-bo » ( Bourgeois-Bohème) neighbourhood of Canal St Martin, situated in central Paris, this contemporary renewed Haussmanian apartment will offer you a real Parisian expérience. The area is well known for its upcoming fashion boutiques, traditional local grocery stores including one of Paris’s best Boulangeries (bakery ) and many delicious restaurants and bars. The 150 square meters apartment is situated on the 4th floor with elevator of a typicaly Haussmanian 19th century building.  The rooms are very spacious and bright with their high ceilings and large french windows. All the antique features as the marble chimneys, detailed ceiling mouldings, oak parquet floors, has been preserved and mixed with a very design and contemporary style which gives the apartment a unique decoration! The kitchen is open on the living room area with a dining central area, all the kitchen ustensi
7953		Grand espace pour 6 ou 7 personnes, une  grande cuisine, grand séjour et une grande salle de bain, au coeur de Paris dans les quartiers des Grands Boulevards à côté du New Mornig et du Grand Rex, près de la République, Opéra, Centre Pompidou.
7954	Your bedroom is equipped with a sofa bed for 1 or 2 people and a writing table.  I'll stay in the bedroom next to you and we'll share the living room, the open purple kitchen and the bathroom. In the kitchen you'll find a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher, a Nespresso coffe machine and a washing machine. 	Welcome to my flat in the middle of Paris! You stay in your private bedroom while I'm staying in my room next to you. We'll share the rest of my home (bathroom, living room, kitchen). You'll find everything for your daily needs in walking distance. Your bedroom is equipped with a sofa bed for 1 or 2 people and a writing table.  I'll stay in the bedroom next to you and we'll share the living room, the open purple kitchen and the bathroom. In the kitchen you'll find a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher, a Nespresso coffe machine and a washing machine. WIFI available 3 rooms - 54m2  6th and last floor - no elevator but great view! I travel a lot, so I'm not always home. If I'm home I'm happy to answer any questions and give you any tips about Paris. It's in one of the trendiest areas of Paris. Close to Canal Saint-Martin with its lovely bars, restaurants and boutiques!  Whatever your daily needs may be, you'll find it just around the corner: supermarkets, grocery stores, flea markets, butch
7955	Very bright open space with a modern kitchen, typically parisian wooden beams and sturdy sound-proof windows. The bedroom has a comfortable king size bed and shutters that will allow you to sleep in on weekends. The bathroom is also very modern, with a very large shower and a brand new washer/dryer. 	This cosy and modern appartment is located on the banks of Canal Saint-Martin, surrounded by tasteful restaurants and lovely bars/cafés. Very bright open space with a modern kitchen, typically parisian wooden beams and sturdy sound-proof windows. The bedroom has a comfortable king size bed and shutters that will allow you to sleep in on weekends. The bathroom is also very modern, with a very large shower and a brand new washer/dryer. All rooms will be available to guests. I would however like for you to avoid touching any of my belongings or fragile objects. If you have to move anything around, please make sure to put everything back in its original place. I am happy to answer any questions or assist my guests whenever needed and I am easy to reach.
7956	"To get in the building, people need to pass 2 security doors with codes. Then you can enjoy a nice elevator (good when travelling with suitcases... and sometime rare in Paris!) bringing you to the ""nest""! EQUIPMENT- AMENITIES  ----------------------------  All the comfort of home :  * Living room with a brand new sofa, 2 seater sofa, one coffee table, one table for diner, TV cable, music sound system, video projector... * Fully equipped kitchen : fridge, gaz stove & oven, microwave, cooking & eating utensils, toaster, kettle, rice cooker... * Washing machine, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, bedding and linen, towels, vacuum (if needed)...  *  Tea, herbal tea, coffee, sugar, mineral water, salt, pepper, olive oil, hand soap, laundry soap, detergent... and some other basics * Bathroom with bath, towel, and basics ""Virtual tour"" Opening the secured door, you are now in the big hallway, from where you can see it's neat white paint on the walls, clean wooden floor and ceiling moldings e"	"This newly renovated haussmanian apartment is 75 mq and is ideally located within a minute walk from Gare du Nord, an ideal location for travellers. You'll appreciate dropping your heavy bags or suitcases, and start to discover Paris instantly! To get in the building, people need to pass 2 security doors with codes. Then you can enjoy a nice elevator (good when travelling with suitcases... and sometime rare in Paris!) bringing you to the ""nest""! EQUIPMENT- AMENITIES  ----------------------------  All the comfort of home :  * Living room with a brand new sofa, 2 seater sofa, one coffee table, one table for diner, TV cable, music sound system, video projector... * Fully equipped kitchen : fridge, gaz stove & oven, microwave, cooking & eating utensils, toaster, kettle, rice cooker... * Washing machine, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, bedding and linen, towels, vacuum (if needed)...  *  Tea, herbal tea, coffee, sugar, mineral water, salt, pepper, olive oil, hand soap, laundry soap, det"
7957	4th floor with lift. The rooms are spacious.  The bathroom is brand new so as the kitchen. The house is in its overall a pure luxurious Parisian space. The several windows leave light to come in and brighten your day. The beds are king size and the couch bed is also a double bed.  The bathroom is brand new and I provide soft towels and linens to my guest. Wireless internet is a must in my apartment, I give my guests the code as soon as they book they place.	This beautiful 3-room, 4th-storey flat is located on one of the most famous streets in Paris, Rue Lafayette. The perfect place to spend a short or medium-length stay in the most classy town in the world. 4th floor with lift. The rooms are spacious.  The bathroom is brand new so as the kitchen. The house is in its overall a pure luxurious Parisian space. The several windows leave light to come in and brighten your day. The beds are king size and the couch bed is also a double bed.  The bathroom is brand new and I provide soft towels and linens to my guest. Wireless internet is a must in my apartment, I give my guests the code as soon as they book they place. Free Wi-Fi & Cable TV I provide my guests with clean towels and linens I am always available for my guests and always make my very best to meet their requirements. The neighborhood is one of the most famous is Paris. It is chic and trendy. It is close to any places a tourist should visit during his stay in Paris. The flat is close t
7958		Large And cosy flat in the trendy 10th district (65m2), in front of the subway (Line 2 colonel Fabien), close to canal St. Martin (7min by walk). One large bedroom And a double living room. Flat screen TV, AirPlay music with large speaker, High speed wi fi. Fitted kitchen.
7959	Sunny, beautifull and recently renovated classical parisian appartment in a 19th century building.  Close to canal saint martin, very close to louis blanc metro station.  Confortable 30sqm living room with an open-plan kitchen. quiet room on court. Italian shower. Thanks to line 7 subway (louis blanc), you will be able to reach directly some of Paris main attractions : Notre dame, Le Louvre, Galerie lafayette / Haussman, Châtelet les Halles, Opéra Garnier, Le marais, Ile de la cité, Ile saint louis...  a 5 minutes walk will connect you to line 4, 5, 2 and gare de l'est and gare du nord railway stations. Plenty of fine french food shops and restaurant at your door.  And of course close to the romantic and hype canal saint martin.  Free wifi and computer provided. 	Sunny, beautifull and recently renovated classical parisian appartment in a 19th century building.  Close to canal saint martin, very close to louis blanc metro station.  Confortable 30sqm living room with an open-plan kitchen. quiet room on court. Italian shower. Thanks to line 7 subway (louis blanc), you will be able to reach directly some of Paris main attractions : Notre dame, Le Louvre, Galerie lafayette / Haussman, Châtelet les Halles, Opéra Garnier, Le marais, Ile de la cité, Ile saint louis...  a 5 minutes walk will connect you to line 4, 5, 2 and gare de l'est and gare du nord railway stations. Plenty of fine french food shops and restaurant at your door.  And of course close to the romantic and hype canal saint martin.  Free wifi and computer provided. 
7960	Appartement qui convient très bien à une famille en visite à Paris (120m2). On peut y passer du temps, car il est très spacieux et confortable (beaucoup de films et de jouets pour les enfants), et il y a une vraie vie de quartier typiquement parisienne.	         Centre Paris Appartement 5 pièces 2 chambres 2 lits doubles + 1 chambre 2 lits une place. Dernier étage sans ascenseur, tout confort, calme, ensoleillé, terrasse plein sud. Quartier République/canal St Martin, sûr, vivant, très bien desservi       Appartement qui convient très bien à une famille en visite à Paris (120m2). On peut y passer du temps, car il est très spacieux et confortable (beaucoup de films et de jouets pour les enfants), et il y a une vraie vie de quartier typiquement parisienne. A tout ce qui est à la maison à condition d'en prendre soin ! Si je suis à Paris à ce moment là, je serai heureuse de les rencontrer et de leur expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appartement Ce quartier est très vivant, très sûr avec un marché, beaucoup de commerces de proximité, de très nombreux bars et restaurants. Le Canal Saint Martin est un endroit magnifique, et la place de la République rénovée est désormais très agréable. On peut faire beaucoup de choses à pied.  Métros nombreux
7961	Charming flat à the 14th floor, with great terrace to have dinner or aperitif. Great view on a garden (no traffic noise !). One great room with one bed, one sofa, table, bar and kitchen + one bathroom (shower and bath)	"I sub rent my flat 10 days in september.  Flat is charming and really well located. The great + is the terrace in summertime.... Charming flat à the 14th floor, with great terrace to have dinner or aperitif. Great view on a garden (no traffic noise !). One great room with one bed, one sofa, table, bar and kitchen + one bathroom (shower and bath) Just the best neighborhood in Paris ! Right on the Canal St martin, great place to hang around, lots of bar and restaurants.. The canal is beautiful in the day and animated in the evening, and located right in the heart of the ""young paris "" (North East : Republique, Pigalle, Oberkampf, Bastille...) Metro Republique, Gare de l'Est, Goncourt  Line 8, 9, 5, 11, 3"
7962	50euro par personne a nuit, du Noel 25/12 au 28/12 soir.	Mes clients ont accès à une connexion Internet , chauffage et avoir accès à tous les types de confort à la maison Dans le quartier il ya plusieurs dispositions dans les supermarchés , boulangeries , laverie ... à quelques pas de là se trouve le Canal St Martin , très populaire auprès des jeunes et à proximité est la place de la Villette , ce qui conduit à la poursuite Grande beau parc de La Villette à la disposition des différentes lignes de métro . ligne 7 est situé juste en face de la sortie de la maison et à distance de marche il ya aussi la ligne 2 et la ligne 5 . Plusieurs arrêts de bus toujours quelques étapes . Marcher ne est pas très loin du centre de Paris
7963		Appartement de 65 m2 (2 pièces : grande chambre et grand salon-cuisine-véranda) avec vaste balcon-terrasse et véranda. Au 9ème étage dans un quartier très branché et central. Offre l'une des plus belles vues sur Paris. Magnifique !
7964	Renovated  stunning  one Bedroom flat with capacity of 4 , 60sq meter. Double Living room,  1 sofa-Bed , TV and fully equipped kitchen ( Dishwasher, toaster, oven, fridge, kettle, microwave...) 1 bedroom with  Queen size bed,  mirror wardrobe Wooden Floor Separate toilet and Bathroom with washing machine It is located in the 6th Floor (no lift ) of typical Parisian building. Not that bad and actually very  healthy :) ! Main entrance is actually under renovation. Located near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin, Bars, restaurants, cinema and shops nearby. Very central  and easy to reach in public transport, 10 min  walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar), 2 tube stations at 300 m.	Renovated in 2014, this stunning 60 sq.- one bedroom flat with capacity of 4 is located  in a very pleasant and central area in Paris.    Renovated  stunning  one Bedroom flat with capacity of 4 , 60sq meter. Double Living room,  1 sofa-Bed , TV and fully equipped kitchen ( Dishwasher, toaster, oven, fridge, kettle, microwave...) 1 bedroom with  Queen size bed,  mirror wardrobe Wooden Floor Separate toilet and Bathroom with washing machine It is located in the 6th Floor (no lift ) of typical Parisian building. Not that bad and actually very  healthy :) ! Main entrance is actually under renovation. Located near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin, Bars, restaurants, cinema and shops nearby. Very central  and easy to reach in public transport, 10 min  walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar), 2 tube stations at 300 m. Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, kitchenware, microwave oven, fridge, and washingmachine Clean linen and fresh towels  You can contact me anytime and I will do my best to prov
7965	Our appartment is centrally located in Paris, closed to the train stations Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord, and most metro lines. It takes 5 minutes walk  to get to the Place de la République, or the liviest banks of the Canal Saint-Martin, and 5 metro stations from the Seine.  Our flat is locates on the 4th floor. The building is equipped with a lift. It as hardwood floor and a double exposition on the boulevard ( living room and room 1 where windows have double glazing) and a courtyard (kitchen, rooms 2 & 3).  The appartment offers sleeping for 6. Parental room has a double bed, the boys' room has 2 bunk beds, room 3 has a sofa bed (double).	You'll be welcome in our home while we'll be travelling abroad this summer. This haussmanian style appartment of 102 m2, 3 rooms and one large living space, is centrally located in Paris 5 minutes walk from the Place de la République. Our appartment is centrally located in Paris, closed to the train stations Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord, and most metro lines. It takes 5 minutes walk  to get to the Place de la République, or the liviest banks of the Canal Saint-Martin, and 5 metro stations from the Seine.  Our flat is locates on the 4th floor. The building is equipped with a lift. It as hardwood floor and a double exposition on the boulevard ( living room and room 1 where windows have double glazing) and a courtyard (kitchen, rooms 2 & 3).  The appartment offers sleeping for 6. Parental room has a double bed, the boys' room has 2 bunk beds, room 3 has a sofa bed (double). Guests will have full access to our home commodities. We'll be away during your stay but will arrange keys to be del
7966	Un grand studio très lumineux avec une chambre séparée, exposé plein sud et ouest et sans vis à vis.  Il est au quatrième étage sans ascenseur mais la vue sur les toits de Paris et le calme de la cour sur lesquels  les fenêtres  donnent en fond un havre de paix charmant et cosy. L appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf en mars 2015. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec un petit four, des plaques chauffantes et un frigidaire et ouverte sur le salon. La chambre : un lit 190 * 140 et un grand placard. Dans la salle de bain vous trouverez une grande douche fermée avec tous les produits nécessaires. Gel douche, shampoing, crème et sèche cheveux seront toujours disponible. Un guide des bonnes adresses du quartier vous attendra sur la table.	Idéalement situé en bas de la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, en plein centre de Paris, ce spacieux studio entièrement refait à neuf avec une chambre séparée est très lumineux. Le quartier à la mode de Starbourg Saint Denis est animé, et très agréable à vivre. Un grand studio très lumineux avec une chambre séparée, exposé plein sud et ouest et sans vis à vis.  Il est au quatrième étage sans ascenseur mais la vue sur les toits de Paris et le calme de la cour sur lesquels  les fenêtres  donnent en fond un havre de paix charmant et cosy. L appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf en mars 2015. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec un petit four, des plaques chauffantes et un frigidaire et ouverte sur le salon. La chambre : un lit 190 * 140 et un grand placard. Dans la salle de bain vous trouverez une grande douche fermée avec tous les produits nécessaires. Gel douche, shampoing, crème et sèche cheveux seront toujours disponible. Un guide des bonnes adresses du quartier vous attendra sur
7967	The flavour of old Paris, wooden floors, a decorative chimney (which is not functionally). A mix between the bohemian spirit of artists and the modern way of being pragmatic. Singers and piano players can use the upright piano	Pittoresque flat almost in the banks of the Canal St Martin, in the heart of Paris. Many great restaurants, bars and shops in a lively part of Paris. Well connected by train, métro and bus. République, Marais quarters within 10 minutes by walking. The flavour of old Paris, wooden floors, a decorative chimney (which is not functionally). A mix between the bohemian spirit of artists and the modern way of being pragmatic. Singers and piano players can use the upright piano Bedroom with one double bed, living room with a double sofa bed, bathroom, toilets and the open kitchen You can always phone us or live us a message if you have an issue and we will answer you as soon as possible A peaceful place in the middle of a lively area in Paris. A large variety of restaurants, bars, coworkshops and shops. You will be in Canal St Martin in two minutes and République square and Marais quartes are 10 minutes away by foot. Plenty of busses and métro lines to connect you with all Paris as you'll have
7968	Home sweet home ! Welcome to our lovely flat underoof in the center of Paris, between the Romanesque 19th Century Butte Chaumont Parc and the canal Saint-Martin in a typicall parisian buiding. We are in the 6th and last floor with elevator. The place is very quiet and confortable. You will feel like home, with the wifi access and all the equipment. 	Welcome to our lovely flat underoof in the center of Paris, between the Romanesque 19th Century Butte Chaumont Parc and the canal Saint-Martin in a typicall parisian buiding. We are in the 6th and last floor with elevator. The place is very quiet ! Home sweet home ! Welcome to our lovely flat underoof in the center of Paris, between the Romanesque 19th Century Butte Chaumont Parc and the canal Saint-Martin in a typicall parisian buiding. We are in the 6th and last floor with elevator. The place is very quiet and confortable. You will feel like home, with the wifi access and all the equipment. 
7969	One bedroom flat, with large windows, bright, very quiet, overlooking a courtyard with secure access, digicodes in a private street, on the 6th floor without elevator, with reinforced door. A comfortable sofa bed in the living room is suitable for 2 persons (140cm mattress). You will have very high speed fiber internet, LED TV, DVD player with many movies, printer/scanner. The bedroom has a 140 x 190 cm double bed. Sheets, duvets and pillows for the bed and the sofa bed are provided for 4 people. Bathroom with walk-in shower, hairdryer, shower gel, shampoo, bath towels are also provided for 4 people. Kitchen with induction plates, microwave, oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine (cleaning/dryer), coffee machine, toaster. Coffee, tea and chocolate await you ...                            --------------------------- Appartement de 2 pièces, avec de grandes fenêtres, lumineux, très calme, donnant sur cour, avec accès sécurisé par digicodes et rue privative, situé au 6ème étage sans ascen	Venez flâner au coeur du quartier branché du Xème arrondissement, entre le Canal Saint-Martin et la Place de la République, dans un appartement de 2 pièces, design, refait à neuf, très calme, donnant sur cour, avec rue privative et digicodes. One bedroom flat, with large windows, bright, very quiet, overlooking a courtyard with secure access, digicodes in a private street, on the 6th floor without elevator, with reinforced door. A comfortable sofa bed in the living room is suitable for 2 persons (140cm mattress). You will have very high speed fiber internet, LED TV, DVD player with many movies, printer/scanner. The bedroom has a 140 x 190 cm double bed. Sheets, duvets and pillows for the bed and the sofa bed are provided for 4 people. Bathroom with walk-in shower, hairdryer, shower gel, shampoo, bath towels are also provided for 4 people. Kitchen with induction plates, microwave, oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine (cleaning/dryer), coffee machine, toaster. Coffee, tea and chocolate
7970	"Nice studio 27 m² in the 10th ""arrondissement"" of Paris One big room with a double bed and a sofa-bed: perfect for 2 or 3 people. And up to 4 people if you don't mind squeezing a little. Wi-fi, TV with 200 channels. Bathroom with bathtub and washing-machine, flatiron, hair-dryer. Kitchen in the main room with oven, micro-wave, induction plates fridge and freezer. The table can unfold and have 4 to 6 people. Very good condition, clean, bright, quiet. 3rd floor without elevator in an old building, situated in a cute and quiet alleyway."	"Cute cosy studio in an old building, quiet, in the very lively district of Faubourg St Denis. It is quite central and very well connected with public transport... ideal to discover Paris! Nice studio 27 m² in the 10th ""arrondissement"" of Paris One big room with a double bed and a sofa-bed: perfect for 2 or 3 people. And up to 4 people if you don't mind squeezing a little. Wi-fi, TV with 200 channels. Bathroom with bathtub and washing-machine, flatiron, hair-dryer. Kitchen in the main room with oven, micro-wave, induction plates fridge and freezer. The table can unfold and have 4 to 6 people. Very good condition, clean, bright, quiet. 3rd floor without elevator in an old building, situated in a cute and quiet alleyway. BREAKFAST ON REQUEST ONLY: For 3€ extra per person per day, I can provide all the ingredients for a traditional French breakfast (coffee, tea, milk, bread, butter, jam, cereals, or other ingredients on request). Very lively and cosmopolitan district, with many trendy bars"
7971	Charming Parisian style apartment with modern facilities and well space. In the fancy Canal Saint-Martin neighborhood, next to many shops (Sandro, Maje, The Kooples, jewelers, etc.) : you'll feel good in your new flat :) -- More pictures with the room and bathroom are coming soon	Charming Parisian style apartment on the famous Canal Saint Martin. Wood-floor, ceiling moulding and a nice shower, a very comfortable bed as well as the sofa as  will welcome you and make your stay enjoyable in the city of lights ! Charming Parisian style apartment with modern facilities and well space. In the fancy Canal Saint-Martin neighborhood, next to many shops (Sandro, Maje, The Kooples, jewelers, etc.) : you'll feel good in your new flat :) -- More pictures with the room and bathroom are coming soon I'll be available for any help and I will be happy to give you all the good locations, bars & restaurants known by Parisian people :) This neighborhood is well known for its numerous restaurants, bars and typical cafés. The Canal Saint Martin is very enjoyable and it's nice to walk along it. There is a lot of fashion shops in the neighborhood (Sandro, Maje, The Kooples, jewelers, A.P.C., Freeman Porter, just in the street) Next to Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, metro lines 3, 5, 8, 9
7972	1 pièce, 1 cuisine tout équipée, 1 wc, 1 salle de bain en mosaïque, 1 entrée, ascenseur. Moquette douce. Le mobilier est neuf et le lieu chaleureux. Luminosité, soleil l'après-midi. 1 personne seule ou 1 couple non fumeur	1 pièce, 1 cuisine tout équipée, 1 wc, 1 salle de bain en mosaïque, 1 entrée, ascenseur. Moquette douce. Le mobilier est neuf et le lieu chaleureux. Luminosité, soleil l'après-midi. 1 personne seule ou 1 couple non fumeur Lignes de métro : 8, 9 et 4 bus N° 20 et 39 Je suis joignable à tout moment et loge à côté. L'accueil est assuré. Logement calme sur cour, en face du Grand Rex, à côté du musée du Chocolat et du théâtre du Gymnase. L'Opéra à pied par les Grands Boulevards, commerces tout proche, bio, shopping. De nombreux théâtres et salles de spectacles. Le quartier de Montorgueil à 10 minutes à pied. Plein cœur de Paris. Métro lignes 8 et 9 au pied de l'immeuble et à 5 minutes à pied les lignes 4 et 3. Plusieurs bus à quelques minutes : (phone number hidden). Accès de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et Orly par les cars Air France départ de Opéra et arrivé à Opéra (20 minutes à pied de l'appartement).
7973	L'appartement est idéalement situé entre Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord, au calme dans une charmante cour récemment rénovée. Il se trouve au 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble (pas d'ascenseur) et occupe une superficie de 55m2. L'appartement possède tout le charme des appartements parisiens : moulures, parquet et cheminée. Il vient d'être complètement rénove dans un style industriel contemporain. Tout est fait pour vous sentir comme chez vous !  L'entrée dessert les toilettes indépendants et un placard.  La grande pièce à vivre se compose d'une cuisine équipée avec tout pour cuisiner : outre de nombreux petits électroménagers, vous trouverez un four et des plaques à inductions, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un lave-vaisselle et un micro-onde. Elle est ouvert sur un grand espace repas avec une table à manger. L'espace se prolonge avec un espace salon tout confort avec un canapé-lit (dimension lit ouvert : 140 x 190 cm), deux fauteuils ultra confortable et une télévision avec la box wi-fi.  L	Idéalement situé entre Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord, ce grand 2 pièces de 55 m2 est situé dans une cour charmante, au calme. Confortable, il peut héberger 4 personnes (1 grande chambre, 1 canapé-lit) et possède un bel espace salon et repas. L'appartement est idéalement situé entre Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord, au calme dans une charmante cour récemment rénovée. Il se trouve au 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble (pas d'ascenseur) et occupe une superficie de 55m2. L'appartement possède tout le charme des appartements parisiens : moulures, parquet et cheminée. Il vient d'être complètement rénove dans un style industriel contemporain. Tout est fait pour vous sentir comme chez vous !  L'entrée dessert les toilettes indépendants et un placard.  La grande pièce à vivre se compose d'une cuisine équipée avec tout pour cuisiner : outre de nombreux petits électroménagers, vous trouverez un four et des plaques à inductions, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un lave-vaisselle et un micro-onde. Elle est o
7974	Near Republique, surrounded by 5 different metro lines, this two room flat has a unusual view over the Renaissance's theater's roof and stairs. Jaccuzzi, sunshine all day and a sofa, this place is the one you need to enjoy Paris under the roofs! 33 square meters, apartment under the roofs, 5th floor 	    Near Republique, surrounded by 5 different metro lines, this two room flat has a unique view over the Renaissance's theater's roof and stairs. Jacc, sunshine all day and a sofa, this place is the one you need to enjoy Paris under the roofs !    Near Republique, surrounded by 5 different metro lines, this two room flat has a unusual view over the Renaissance's theater's roof and stairs. Jaccuzzi, sunshine all day and a sofa, this place is the one you need to enjoy Paris under the roofs! 33 square meters, apartment under the roofs, 5th floor 4 supermarkets very close, one of them closing at midnight, another opened on sundays ! There will be no one else in the flat when it is rented, i'll be there to handle the keys Many restaurants in the streets, serving french food of course but also an italian restaurant, a burger place, a marocan couscous place (the food so nice they named it twice), a mexican place too.  Subway with many lines right down the street. 3 min walk.
7975	THE APARTMENT Bright, charming duplex apartment  at the fourth and fifth floor of a 19th century building. The apartment is spacious (73 square meters) and touched by an amazing light. Upstairs you will find an openspace with a fully equipped kitchen (including a dishwasher, a microwave and an oven). Also a sofa (convertible to a double bed), a projector with a big screen, an electronic piano, and a table seating 4 to 6 people.  There are also 2 writing tables placed in two different areas of the open space. Downstairs: the master bedroom (with a french-sized double bed) and a large bathroom with washing machine, a bidet and a sizable bathtub (170x75 cm). There is a WC on both floors. Floors are wooden throughout the whole apartment except kitchen and WCs.  There is high-speed wireless internet connection. The building has no lift or elevator. I provide bed linens and towels for each guest.  Despite being really central the street is very quiet, few cars are allowed to go through. The 	Our charming duplex apartment with exposed wooden beems has a typical parisian feeling. There is a master bedroom and in the open space there is a sofa convertible to a double bed. Wifi, fully equipped kitchen and central location 3 mins from metro THE APARTMENT Bright, charming duplex apartment  at the fourth and fifth floor of a 19th century building. The apartment is spacious (73 square meters) and touched by an amazing light. Upstairs you will find an openspace with a fully equipped kitchen (including a dishwasher, a microwave and an oven). Also a sofa (convertible to a double bed), a projector with a big screen, an electronic piano, and a table seating 4 to 6 people.  There are also 2 writing tables placed in two different areas of the open space. Downstairs: the master bedroom (with a french-sized double bed) and a large bathroom with washing machine, a bidet and a sizable bathtub (170x75 cm). There is a WC on both floors. Floors are wooden throughout the whole apartment except k
7976	"At rue des Petites Ecuries, a stone's throw away from the ""Grands Boulevards"" and Opera, you will find this beautiful and delicately decorated apartment. Here you will be able to enjoy a true Parisian experience. situated on 3rd floor with no elevator. Secure corridor serving 2 rental apartments. Two-roomed parisienne apartment. 35m2 which can comfortably accommodate up to 3-4 people. The apartment is tastefully furnished and is equipped with heating, small bathroom - wifi and TV. The kitchen is fully equipped, allowing you to cook your local treasures, if you wish. Here is a list of appliances and utensils available: combination oven grill & microwave, cooking hood,  hotplates, Set of plates, bowls, all kinds od glasses, various utensils, a washing machin including dryer, hairdryer, vacuum, iron and ironing board, Hifi, TV with over150 channels We provide towels and sheets for our guests. Do not hesitate  asking any question, we'll be pleased to help you to prepare the most wonderful "	"Attention starting from December 23 until december 26th, the price by anybody, beyond 2, will be raised with 30 euros  per anybody and night .  Thank you.  At rue des Petites Ecuries, a stone's throw away from the ""Grands Boulevards"" and Opera, you will find this beautiful and delicately decorated apartment. Here you will be able to enjoy a true Parisian experience. situated on 3rd floor with no elevator. Secure corridor serving 2 rental apartments. Two-roomed parisienne apartment. 35m2 which can comfortably accommodate up to 3-4 people. The apartment is tastefully furnished and is equipped with heating, small bathroom - wifi and TV. The kitchen is fully equipped, allowing you to cook your local treasures, if you wish. Here is a list of appliances and utensils available: combination oven grill & microwave, cooking hood,  hotplates, Set of plates, bowls, all kinds od glasses, various utensils, a washing machin including dryer, hairdryer, vacuum, iron and ironing board, Hifi, TV with ove"
7977	"Have a pleasant stay in the heart of Paris in this charming apartment just a few steps from the metro station Poissonniere. This apartment is located in a typical Parisian neighborhood and ""connected"". A few minutes from the Canal Saint Martin and la Villette (among the most conspicuous places of the capital), you will be 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur and near the main sights of Paris: Champs Elysees, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Opera and its 'stores' ... The nearest metro stop is the line 7 ""fishmonger"" In addition, the neighborhood where the apartment you will find listed in your shops, grocery stores, bars, pubs, restaurants, cinemas ... It is fully equipped two rooms with an area of 35 m2. In a quiet courtyard, you will live in a tastefully decorated and very bright apartment on the 5th floor. Degagée on the roofs of Paris offers a magnificent spectacle. Composed of a living room (sofa bed two place) overlooking a kitchen, you will enjoy all the comforts of a modern apa"	"Have a pleasant stay in the heart of Paris in this charming apartment just a few steps from the metro station Poissonniere. This apartment is located in a typical Parisian neighborhood and ""connected"". A few minutes from the Canal Saint Martin and la Villette (among the most conspicuous places of the capital), you will be 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur and near the main sights of Paris: Champs Elysees, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Opera and its 'stores' ... The nearest metro stop is the line 7 ""fishmonger"" In addition, the neighborhood where the apartment you will find listed in your shops, grocery stores, bars, pubs, restaurants, cinemas ... It is fully equipped two rooms with an area of 35 m2. In a quiet courtyard, you will live in a tastefully decorated and very bright apartment on the 5th floor. Degagée on the roofs of Paris offers a magnificent spectacle. Composed of a living room (sofa bed two place) overlooking a kitchen, you will enjoy all the comforts of a modern apa"
7978	VUE MAGNIFIQUE SUR PARIS, LA TOUR EIFFEL ET LA BUTTE MONTMARTRE ! MAGNIFICENT PANORAMIC VIEW OF MONTMARTRE ! 	Cet appartement ultra lumineux de 92 m2, situé 8ème étage d’un immeuble ancien (digicode/ascenseur) donnant sur une petite rue calme, vous ravira. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous, comme de vrais parisiens. VUE MAGNIFIQUE SUR PARIS! VUE MAGNIFIQUE SUR PARIS, LA TOUR EIFFEL ET LA BUTTE MONTMARTRE ! MAGNIFICENT PANORAMIC VIEW OF MONTMARTRE ! Idéal pour un couple avec enfants, vous y trouverez en entrant un salon avec trois fenêtres (canapé-lit, table basse, TV, canal+, WIFI fibre gratuit, piano) ouvert sur la cuisine (deux fenêtres avec petits balcons individuels) entièrement équipée (plaques induction, lave-vaisselle, four, frigo, cafetière Nespresso, grille-pain, ustensiles et vaisselle) puis sur une salle à manger (table et chaises et buffet) avec deux fenêtres dont une panoramique. Un couloir vous mènera vers la partie nuit : 2 chambres (une chambre avec 1 lit double et dressing, une seconde chambre avec 2 lits superposés enfants et jeux d’enfants), chacune dotée d’un balcon indi
7979	"Please note : I would like to know a little about the people who are going to stay in this studio.  As a matter of security, please fill your profile out before inquiring about a stay. I wont accept bookings from blank profiles and please, don't click on ""BOOK IT"" until we have had a chance to communicate first.  Thanks a lot! Clean, charming and sunny (but tiny), studio for rental in excellent central location in the trendy section of Republique between the Marais and the romantic Canal Saint Martin.  Cool restaurants, fashion boutiques and quaint bars around. Ideal for students and young honeymooners. Quiet with good energy for writers. Located next to the metro station Republique. At the 6th floor (with elevator) of a typically Parisian building (19th century), this luminous studio is quiet and romantic.  There is a comfortable fold-out double bed, a kitchenette, a bathroom with shower and toilet.   Ideal for single person or couple. Has a lovely view of Parisian rooftops.  Has secu"	"Tiny studio in central Paris, between the Marais and Canal Saint Martin.   Please note : I would like to know a little about the people who are going to stay in this studio.  As a matter of security, please fill your profile out before inquiring about a stay. I wont accept bookings from blank profiles and please, don't click on ""BOOK IT"" until we have had a chance to communicate first.  Thanks a lot! Clean, charming and sunny (but tiny), studio for rental in excellent central location in the trendy section of Republique between the Marais and the romantic Canal Saint Martin.  Cool restaurants, fashion boutiques and quaint bars around. Ideal for students and young honeymooners. Quiet with good energy for writers. Located next to the metro station Republique. At the 6th floor (with elevator) of a typically Parisian building (19th century), this luminous studio is quiet and romantic.  There is a comfortable fold-out double bed, a kitchenette, a bathroom with shower and toilet.   Ideal for"
7980		 Niché au sein de ce quartier très dynamique, très jeune, et commerçant, joli petit studio de 26 m2, dans une rue perpendiculaire au Canal Saint Martin et à 5 min à pied de la place de la République. Venez passer un séjour au cœur de Paris.   je peux leur fournir des renseignements sur les lieux à voir, les activités à faire. Légèrement hipster et bobo, ce quartier regorge de boutiques et restaurants à concept. En plein cœur de Paris, de nombreuses activités, visites et monuments alentour sont accessibles via les nombreuses lignes de métro et très souvent à pied. Traversé par le Canal Saint Martin sur lequel vous pouvez réserver de jolie balades en péniche, ce quartier est protégé du trafic urbain et il est très agréable de s'y balader à pied ou en vélo. Les meilleures boulangeries parisiennes entourent également la place de la république. Slightly  hipster, this area is full of shops and concept restaurants. In the heart of Paris, many activities, visits and surrounding monuments are 
7981	The bedroom (160 sq ft) is comfortable with clear view. It is very bright with a beautiful evening light since facing directly west, and offers a beautiful view of the Sacré-Coeur. The living-room windows give access to a balcony overlooking the streetscape. They are fitted with double glazing. The kitchen is quite small but has all you need to make delicious dishes.	Welcome to our spacious, and typically Haussmannian apartment (large living-room, fireplace and parquet floor). The bedroom (160 sq ft) is comfortable with clear view. It is very bright with a beautiful evening light since facing directly west, and offers a beautiful view of the Sacré-Coeur. The living-room windows give access to a balcony overlooking the streetscape. They are fitted with double glazing. The kitchen is quite small but has all you need to make delicious dishes. Located very close to La Chapelle métro station and five minutes from Gare du Nord, our apartment is at the heart of the Indian district, exotic and colorful neighbourhood with traditional clothing and jewelry shops, as well as restaurants. French shops are also available: in addition to supermarkets, St Quentin indoor market provides the best of traditional French food. Many means of transportation (métro routes, RER - Regional Express Network - trains, bus routes, Vélib' - bike sharing system -) allow you to qu
7982		Located in a very pleasant, safe and central area in Paris near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin. This large  with an area of 31m2 has been renovated by an architect. It's located on the 2nd floor of a building dating back to 1830.
7983	The studio is small but very functional. There is a full featured kitchen, and a bathroom with shower and toilets.	Near Gare de l'Est and the Marché Saint-Quentin, this studio is well equipped, 161 sq.ft, on the first floor overlooking the courtyard. You can reach any metro and RER, and get very quickly to the most beautiful Parisian places. The studio is small but very functional. There is a full featured kitchen, and a bathroom with shower and toilets. The whole studio will be yours. Please note that check-in time is from 2 pm, and check-out by midday. If you have any special request according to this schedule, feel free to ask. The studio is always very clean. You will have fresh linen and bath sheets. The place is in a very lively neighborhood. You can reach the very romantic Canal Saint-Martin 5 minutes walking. And you are only 10 minutes with métro from Le Louvre and 8 minutes from Montmartre. Just near Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord, you can reach any bus, métro and RER (especially RER B for the airports).
7984	New renovated by an architect in October with a fully equipped studio kitchen open on the living room. A bathroom with shower and toilet with a rainshower'head. In the living room there is a real bed for 2, convertible sofa with latex mattresses high quality 140x200 and a table for lunch. The studio is at your disposal, you will not have to share. It is also possible to add an extra bed . You will find fluffy towels with soap and shampoo but also a hairdryer and a private with separate washing machine and drying laundry. Sheets and duvet are provided. A fitted kitchen with fridge and freezer 4 *, dishwasher, microwave, induction hob, extractor fan, electric kettle, crockery and cooking utensils. For your stay, we provide everything for your basic needs, such as coffee, tea ... 	Located in a very pleasant and central area in Paris near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin. This large studio with an area of 31m2 has been renovated by an architect in October. It is located on the 2nd floor of a building dating back to 1860 New renovated by an architect in October with a fully equipped studio kitchen open on the living room. A bathroom with shower and toilet with a rainshower'head. In the living room there is a real bed for 2, convertible sofa with latex mattresses high quality 140x200 and a table for lunch. The studio is at your disposal, you will not have to share. It is also possible to add an extra bed . You will find fluffy towels with soap and shampoo but also a hairdryer and a private with separate washing machine and drying laundry. Sheets and duvet are provided. A fitted kitchen with fridge and freezer 4 *, dishwasher, microwave, induction hob, extractor fan, electric kettle, crockery and cooking utensils. For your stay, we provide everything for your basic n
7985	Très bel appartement fonctionnel et très agréable à vivre. Situé au deuxième étage d’un immeuble sans ascenseur, l’appartement donne sur une cour arborée (très calme et lumineux). Ce deux pièces de 37 m2 est composé d’une chambre (avec lit-double « queen size » 160 x 190 cm), d’un salon avec canapé d’angle très convivial (écran plat, TV/wifi internet), une cuisine séparée toute équipée (four, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, grand frigo etc.) et d’une salle d’eau (douche italienne) avec toilettes. Des draps et des serviettes sont mis à votre disposition.  Proche de toutes commodités (petit supermarché au coin de la rue) dans un quartier vivant et très en vogue (nombreux restaurants et cafés), l’appartement est à deux pas du Canal St Martin, ce qui permet de jolies balades et piques-niques. Hypercentral, il est à proximité de la place de la République point névralgique pour rejoindre l'hypercentre, le nord et l'est de paris en 10 minutes. 	Très bel appartement central à deux pas du Canal St Martin. Au deuxième étage, donnant sur une cour arborée (très calme et lumineux). Profitez de sa belle chambre, grand salon, cuisine équipée et salle de bain italienne.  Très bel appartement fonctionnel et très agréable à vivre. Situé au deuxième étage d’un immeuble sans ascenseur, l’appartement donne sur une cour arborée (très calme et lumineux). Ce deux pièces de 37 m2 est composé d’une chambre (avec lit-double « queen size » 160 x 190 cm), d’un salon avec canapé d’angle très convivial (écran plat, TV/wifi internet), une cuisine séparée toute équipée (four, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, grand frigo etc.) et d’une salle d’eau (douche italienne) avec toilettes. Des draps et des serviettes sont mis à votre disposition.  Proche de toutes commodités (petit supermarché au coin de la rue) dans un quartier vivant et très en vogue (nombreux restaurants et cafés), l’appartement est à deux pas du Canal St Mart
7986	Un lit confortable. Une décoration agréable. Un équipement complet et adapté. Venez seul ou en couple profiter de cet appartement idéalement situé dans la zone centrale de Paris.  Après une journée à se balader, à bouger, à visiter, à sortir ou danser, vous profiterez pleinement ce cet espace de tranquillité et de confort pour vous détendre.  L'appartement est pensé pour vous plaire et j'espère que rien ne manquera à votre confort... 	Studio calme et central dans le quartier populaire et branché des faubourgs et des grands boulevards.  Complètement équipé (dont un vrai lit) et décoré pour votre plus grand confort, j'espère que votre séjour sera parfait à Paris... A bientôt! Un lit confortable. Une décoration agréable. Un équipement complet et adapté. Venez seul ou en couple profiter de cet appartement idéalement situé dans la zone centrale de Paris.  Après une journée à se balader, à bouger, à visiter, à sortir ou danser, vous profiterez pleinement ce cet espace de tranquillité et de confort pour vous détendre.  L'appartement est pensé pour vous plaire et j'espère que rien ne manquera à votre confort...  Pendant votre séjour, restez connectés avec vos proches grâce à l'accès internet et téléphone gratuit vers de nombreuses destinations. Les draps, les serviettes, savon et et shampoing sont à disposition. L'appartement est équipé afin de vous permettre de vous sentir comme à la maison à n'importe quel moment de la jo
7987	Studio calme, récemment rénové et tout (website hidden)ès bien situé dans un endroit branché de Paris, l'appartement est proche des principales attractions touristiques (Canal St Martin, Marais etc ) et des théâtres. Le studio convient parfaitement pour un couple, des amis ou une famille (4 personnes). Studio calme et atypique donnant sur une cour et petit jardin partagé arboré d'un joli figuier. Notre charmant studio situé au 2ième étage, tout juste  rénové, est idéal pour s'immerger l'espace de quelques jours ou semaines dans un quartier branché et vivant de Paris. L'appartement est très bien situé car sa situation est centrale;  à pied ou en métro, situé à proximité; - Canal St Martin à 5 minutes à pieds - Parc des Buttes-Chaumont 20 minutes à pied - Le Marais est à 15-20 minutes à pied - Place de la République à 10 minutes à pied et dessert de nombreuses lignes de métro (11,9,3,5). -La gare de Lyon est à 25 minutes (ligne 11 puis 1). Le quartier est très vivant, même le dimanche, v	Studio calme, récemment rénové et tout (website hidden)ès bien situé dans un endroit branché de Paris, l'appartement est proche des principales attractions touristiques (Canal St Martin, Marais etc ) et des théâtres. Le studio convient parfaitement pour un couple, des amis ou une famille (4 personnes). Studio calme, récemment rénové et tout (website hidden)ès bien situé dans un endroit branché de Paris, l'appartement est proche des principales attractions touristiques (Canal St Martin, Marais etc ) et des théâtres. Le studio convient parfaitement pour un couple, des amis ou une famille (4 personnes). Studio calme et atypique donnant sur une cour et petit jardin partagé arboré d'un joli figuier. Notre charmant studio situé au 2ième étage, tout juste  rénové, est idéal pour s'immerger l'espace de quelques jours ou semaines dans un quartier branché et vivant de Paris. L'appartement est très bien situé car sa situation est centrale;  à pied ou en métro, situé à proximité; - Canal St Martin
7988	Very cute and cosy little flat 6th floor with an open view on a courtyard , quiet .	Very cute and cosy little flat 6th floor with an open view on a courtyard , quiet . Internet, Télévision. I'll stay in touch for any questions.  Very convenient neighborhood lots of  nice  food shops ,  restaurants and Bars in the Canal St Martin. Very near Gare du Nord and Gare de L'Est. Nice walk along the Canal... Few train stations to access my place : Louis Blanc, Jaurés, Colonel Fabien, Gare de L'est
7989	Comfortable and well appointed apartment in which you'll feel like at home. It is located in a luxury residence with elevator in the popular and romantic area of the Canal Saint Martin.	Situated along the mythical Canal St Martin, i propose an apartment situated in the heart of Paris. It's calm, sunny and very comfortable : fully equipped kitchen,sofa, bed 2 places. You'll be close to shops, restaurants, bars, métros and attractions Comfortable and well appointed apartment in which you'll feel like at home. It is located in a luxury residence with elevator in the popular and romantic area of the Canal Saint Martin. Access to washing machine,  to the wireless internet, fully equipped kitchen that will allow you to cook good food or prepare breakfast . there is no more internet in the apartment I can understand it will be a problem for some people but you have perhaps a smartphone and there is a lot of coffee with free wifi next to apartment. And perhaps you don't want spent time on internet ;-) There so much things more interesting in Paris  I can give them a few tips about the area for restaurants, bars, shops or things to do nearby. Connecting the Bassin de la Villet
7990	Plein centre de Paris 10eme ardt. 60m2 charmant, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et douche cuisine équipée ouverte cosy parisien.  videoprojecteur bonne selection de dvd Rue calme dans quartier vivant et central, commercant. Nombreux restaurants et bars à proximité. republique/montorgueil/opera /louvre a moins de 20mn a pied.	Bel appartement pour 2 au coeur de Paris. Lumineux. Agréable. Salon spacieux Plein centre de Paris 10eme ardt. 60m2 charmant, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et douche cuisine équipée ouverte cosy parisien.  videoprojecteur bonne selection de dvd Rue calme dans quartier vivant et central, commercant. Nombreux restaurants et bars à proximité. republique/montorgueil/opera /louvre a moins de 20mn a pied. quartier très central, animé, restos, commerce.  
7991	For a truly Parisian experience this is the perfect characterful fourth floor apartment with an elevator, parquet floors and marble fireplaces. 120M2 comprised of: three large double bedrooms; two with double beds and one with two single beds. Large sitting/dining room with cable TV and internet.  A brand new bathroom with walk in Italian shower and WC, another separate WC.  Fitted kitchen with all appliances. 	A charming and spacious apartment offering a peaceful haven in the heart of bustling Paris.  Set back from the road in a typical French courtyard, it offers views over Parisian roof tops and the tip of Sacre Coeur.  For a truly Parisian experience this is the perfect characterful fourth floor apartment with an elevator, parquet floors and marble fireplaces. 120M2 comprised of: three large double bedrooms; two with double beds and one with two single beds. Large sitting/dining room with cable TV and internet.  A brand new bathroom with walk in Italian shower and WC, another separate WC.  Fitted kitchen with all appliances.  This is our family apartment but as we live in Alsace we are not often in Paris and so are happy to rent it to you!  You will be met and shown around the apartment by our trusty friend who speaks French, English, German.  In case of any problems he is on hand around the clock to take care of them and can also give you tips on Paris.  Feel free also to contact me at a
7992	Cet appartement très agréable de 35m² est idéal pour un couple désirant passer quelques jours à Paris, pour loisir et tourisme, ainsi que pour une personne venant travailler temporairement à la capitale (très fonctionnel avec chambre (lit double 140cm très confortable), salon, cuisine, grande salle de bains séparée avec baignoire, douche et WC parfaitement répartis). Ne pas oublier le petit marché de plein air du dimanche matin au bout de la rue ! This really pleasant flat (35 sqm / 380 sqf) is great for couples wishing to visit Paris in the best and easiest way or people temporary coming to the city for business. It is very useful with 2 rooms (bedroom with a very comfy double size bed and livingroom) and a large separated bathroom with a tub. If you get the opportunity to be there on sunday morning, have a visit to the open air market with fresh products !	Idéalement situé, tout proche du canal St Martin, rue calme avec petits restaurants très sympas, appartement de charme, refait à neuf récemment. Grande salle de bains, grande chambre très claire, cuisine et petit salon avec toutes commodités. Very close to the romantic canal St Martin in a quiet street with lot of parisian small and friendly restaurants, charming and useful flat, recently renewed and repaint, wide and separated bathroom, wide and clear bedroom, useful kitchen and living-room. Cet appartement très agréable de 35m² est idéal pour un couple désirant passer quelques jours à Paris, pour loisir et tourisme, ainsi que pour une personne venant travailler temporairement à la capitale (très fonctionnel avec chambre (lit double 140cm très confortable), salon, cuisine, grande salle de bains séparée avec baignoire, douche et WC parfaitement répartis). Ne pas oublier le petit marché de plein air du dimanche matin au bout de la rue ! This really pleasant flat (35 sqm / 380 sqf) is gr
7993	Spacious typical Parisian appartement with a big living-room (couch and TV) and a big balcony exposed to the sun all day. Very enjoyable kitchen and bathroom. The appartement is at the 6th floor oriented South so there is a beautiful light during the day until late at night. However, there is no elevator therefore you have to make a little bit of sport to arrive at the 6th floor. 	Lovely and charming appartement with a big saloon and balcony Located in one of them most dynamic area of Paris, between Republic and Montmartre, near from the canal St Martin,
7994	"Apartment for 1-2 people. 325 square feet, fully renovated, with a bedroom, an open kitchen, living room, and bathroom.  Very light, airy and fresh during summer, with a lovely view over the rooftops of Paris. Near Canal Saint-Martin, Belleville, the park Buttes Chaumont, Place Sainte-Marthe, République...  Typical ""parisien"" district, cosmopolitan restaurants and bars, outdoor market on Wednesday and Saturday with great fresh products!  Internet access, wifi, linens, towels, washing machine."	"Very bright and airy, with a lovely view over the rooftops of Paris ! Apartment for 1-2 people. 325 square feet, fully renovated, with a bedroom, an open kitchen, living room, and bathroom.  Very light, airy and fresh during summer, with a lovely view over the rooftops of Paris. Near Canal Saint-Martin, Belleville, the park Buttes Chaumont, Place Sainte-Marthe, République...  Typical ""parisien"" district, cosmopolitan restaurants and bars, outdoor market on Wednesday and Saturday with great fresh products!  Internet access, wifi, linens, towels, washing machine. Wifi Washing machine Dish washer Bathtub La Place Sainte-Marthe, le canal Saint-Martin, Belleville, Le parc des Buttes-Chaumont, some very nice markets (every day)"
7995	It's a big shared flat with young, nice and very opened mind people.	Room in big shared flat in center with one guy (29) and one girl (30). Access to the living room and the kitchen with washing machin and cloches dryer.
7996		Joli 2 pièces (39 m2) tout confort. Proche métro (ligne 11 et 2), commerces, bars et restaurants. Une chambre avec lit double 160, cuisine indépendante, salle de bain. 3ème étage sur cour calme et lumineuse.
7997	The largest bedroom has a 160 cm wide king size bed. The second room is an office space/bedroom. Stairs from that room take you to a large mezzanine area with a 140 cm wide king size bed. Both sleeping areas have their privacy and both have their own access to the bathroom. 	On a calm street, second floor with an elevator. Loads of bars and restaurant within a 5 m walk. 4 metros within a 5m walk.  Very central neighborhood. Both sleeping areas have their privacy and both have their own access to the bathroom. 
7998		Grande chambre calme entre la Gare du Nord (tous transports en commun) ,  l Opéra Garnier et les Galeries Lafayette, et la butte Monmartre et son sacré coeur.
7999	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    -----------------------------------------------    Welcome to our spacious, 90 square metre apartment in the hip 10th arrondissement of Paris!   This apartment is composed of 2 separate bedrooms, 1 sitting/dining room, 1 separate kitchen, 1 separate WC and 1 separate bathroom (with bath).   It can sleep up to 5 guests: 4 guests in two double beds and 1 guest on a single mattress in the living room.   It is situated on the fourth floor (with elevator), facing East, South and West, allowing for plenty of sunlight. The apartment style is largely inspired by the owner’s time spent in the Himalayas and there is high quality furniture with wardrobes and tables made from precious, exotic wood.    The apartment has a TV with international channels and of course wifi!     It’s in a vibrant neighbourhood with typical Parisian cafés just a few footsteps away (including the popular “Chez Jeannette”)	*The flat is 90 sqm big, it can accommodate up to 5 guests  *There are 2 bedrooms with double beds and a mattresses the living room.  *The building has an elevator  *The apartment is fully equipped Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    -----------------------------------------------    Welcome to our spacious, 90 square metre apartment in the hip 10th arrondissement of Paris!   This apartment is composed of 2 separate bedrooms, 1 sitting/dining room, 1 separate kitchen, 1 separate WC and 1 separate bathroom (with bath).   It can sleep up to 5 guests: 4 guests in two double beds and 1 guest on a single mattress in the living room.   It is situated on the fourth floor (with elevator), facing East, South and West, allowing for plenty of sunlight. The apartment style is largely inspired by the owner’s time spent in the Himalayas and there is high quality furniture with wardrobes and tables made from precious, exotic wood.    The
8000	Appartement calme au 3ème étage d'un immeuble récent. L'appartement est sain et très lumineux. L'espace chambre est très grand et très lumineux également.  Parquet au sol.  Détail : Une vue imprenable du Sacré Cœur visible de la fenêtre du salon.  Apartment calms down in the 3rd floor of a recent building. The apartment is healthy and very bright. The space room(chamber) is very big and very bright also.  Detail: a fantastic view of the Sacred visible Heart of the window of the lounge.	Bel appartement de deux pièces au 3ème étage d'une rue calme.  Idéalement situé a deux pas du canal Saint Martin et de la Gare de l'Est, cet appartement est idéal pour poser vos valises et découvrir Paris. Appartement calme au 3ème étage d'un immeuble récent. L'appartement est sain et très lumineux. L'espace chambre est très grand et très lumineux également.  Parquet au sol.  Détail : Une vue imprenable du Sacré Cœur visible de la fenêtre du salon.  Apartment calms down in the 3rd floor of a recent building. The apartment is healthy and very bright. The space room(chamber) is very big and very bright also.  Detail: a fantastic view of the Sacred visible Heart of the window of the lounge. Le logement entier est à votre disposition.  L'ensemble des équipements de l'appartement sont à votre disposition (TV, Internet sans fil, Console de jeux, machine Nespresso....)  All the equipments of the flat is at your disposal (TV, wireless Internet, video games,  Nespresso machine...) Je reste à vo
8001		Located in a very pleasant, safe and central area in Paris near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin. This very nice and luminous apartment is located on the 9th floor (elevator) with a great view on Paris roofs. Metro / Bus :  Goncourt metro station (on line 11) is 250 meters away. The bus 46 stops right in front of the building. Velib :  2 velib stations right next to the building. Train station / Airport:  It is 20 minutes walk from the Gare du Nord Eurostar / Thalys access and 40 minutes by RER from Roissy-Charles de Gaulle and Orly.
8002	"Charming apartment near the heart of Paris. Entirely refurbished as new, decorated with taste. This apartment is perfect for a couple.  This 35 m2 is located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building. If you arrive by train, Gare du Nord (Eurostar/Thalys/TGV) & Gare de l'Est (Deutsche Bahn/TGV) are 10 minutes walk away. The street is quiet though located in a lively and very trendy neighborhood, with many restaurants, bars, theaters and shops.  For a romantic walk, the ""Canal St Martin"" is 5 minutes walk away. The apt is very easy to access by public transportation: the closest metro stations are: - ""Château d'Eau"", lign 4. - ""Strasbourg St Denis"" ligns 4, 8 and 9 - ""Gare de l'Est"" ligns 4, 5 and 7 - ""Gare du Nord"" ligns 4 and 5 + RER B + RER D It is made of: 1 bedroom with a king sized bed 1 big living room with an open kitchen, separated by a bar/counter. The kitchen is fully equipped: microwave oven, dishwasher, fridge, freezer,.. 1 bathroom with shower stall and toilets. Towe"	"Bright and cosy 35 m2 one-bedroom apartment in a quiet street but popular and lively neighborhood with many restaurants and bars around.  A 10 minute-walk from Gare de l’Est and Gare du Nord. Easy to reach in public transportations with several met Charming apartment near the heart of Paris. Entirely refurbished as new, decorated with taste. This apartment is perfect for a couple.  This 35 m2 is located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building. If you arrive by train, Gare du Nord (Eurostar/Thalys/TGV) & Gare de l'Est (Deutsche Bahn/TGV) are 10 minutes walk away. The street is quiet though located in a lively and very trendy neighborhood, with many restaurants, bars, theaters and shops.  For a romantic walk, the ""Canal St Martin"" is 5 minutes walk away. The apt is very easy to access by public transportation: the closest metro stations are: - ""Château d'Eau"", lign 4. - ""Strasbourg St Denis"" ligns 4, 8 and 9 - ""Gare de l'Est"" ligns 4, 5 and 7 - ""Gare du Nord"" ligns 4 and 5 + RER "
8003	The property is conveniently located near Montmartre paris 18th of the Sacred Heart (5min walk) to the nearest metro is Barbes Rochechouart Station and many restaurants and cabaret Moulin Rouge and many other sites.	hello, I put my rent lounge with sofa bed 2 places in a 48m2 apartment near Montmartre (5min walk) nice and cozy. possibility to rent the whole apartment. The property is conveniently located near Montmartre paris 18th of the Sacred Heart (5min walk) to the nearest metro is Barbes Rochechouart Station and many restaurants and cabaret Moulin Rouge and many other sites. you will have access to all of the apartment ... animated and lively but also very quiet montmartre two steps. 2 or 4 subway stop Barbes Rochechouart North Station stop.
8004	Here is a very bright and modern apartment in the heart of Paris. This typically Parisian apartment (shutters, fireplace, hardwood floor) is ideal if you want to visit Paris with your children or friends: 3 bedrooms (including one with a convertible sofa ) and a large 50 sqm lounge  room. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2012 so it's brand new but in an old and stylish Parisian building. It's ideally located within walking distance from shops, Museums, Montorgueil, the Canal St Martin, Les Halles, Opera and the department stores. The area is very lively and trendy area with lots of shops restaurants, and cafés and easy commute to anywhere in Paris. A typical parisian apartment in a typically Parisian neighborhood… Definitely the right spot for you to spend your holidays!	Bright and modern 3 bedroom 95 sqm apartment in the heart of Paris. This typically Parisian apartment (shutters, fireplace, hardwood floor) is ideal if you want to visit Paris with your children or friends.           Here is a very bright and modern apartment in the heart of Paris. This typically Parisian apartment (shutters, fireplace, hardwood floor) is ideal if you want to visit Paris with your children or friends: 3 bedrooms (including one with a convertible sofa ) and a large 50 sqm lounge  room. The apartment was entirely renovated in 2012 so it's brand new but in an old and stylish Parisian building. It's ideally located within walking distance from shops, Museums, Montorgueil, the Canal St Martin, Les Halles, Opera and the department stores. The area is very lively and trendy area with lots of shops restaurants, and cafés and easy commute to anywhere in Paris. A typical parisian apartment in a typically Parisian neighborhood… Definitely the right spot for you to spend your holi
8005	Logement très agréable et à porter de tout.	En plein coeur de PARIS, près du canal Saint Martin, au 2eme étage d'un immeuble typique avec ascenseur. Il s'agit d'un agréable studio de 24 m2 en parfait état. Profitez de sa situation géographique : à 2 min Gare de l'Est, 10 min Gare du Nord. ようこそ Logement très agréable et à porter de tout. Quartier très animé au printemps, en été, en nocturne durant le week-end, les jours fériés et les belles journées ensoleillées. Gare de l'Est. Gare du Nord. De nombreux RER, de nombreux métros, de nombreux bus. taxis et uber.
8006	Super bright and colorful flat with a terrace located in the center of Paris will make your stay unforgettable. The apartment can accommodate 5 persons. It consists of spacious living room with a great number of windows which will make your stay super brightful. In the living room you will find a bookcase with a collection of our books, a sofa with a little table and chairs, a dinner table for 5 persons, TV, speakers. From this room you have the access to the cabinet with, work table, simple bed and  the entrance to the terrace with a lot flowers where you can enjoy your breakfast or a drink. Also the living room is connected to the american style kitchen fully equipped: Fridge, Freezer, Microwave, Cooker, Coffee Machine, Kettle, Dishwasher. There are 3 bedrooms. First one with a double bed, two little tables near the bed as well as one big, window is from the ceiling to the floor. It is decorated with different articles in buddhist style. Second bedroom is with a double bed, a table w	Super bright and colorful flat with a terrace located in the center of Paris will make your stay unforgettable.  Super bright and colorful flat with a terrace located in the center of Paris will make your stay unforgettable. The apartment can accommodate 5 persons. It consists of spacious living room with a great number of windows which will make your stay super brightful. In the living room you will find a bookcase with a collection of our books, a sofa with a little table and chairs, a dinner table for 5 persons, TV, speakers. From this room you have the access to the cabinet with, work table, simple bed and  the entrance to the terrace with a lot flowers where you can enjoy your breakfast or a drink. Also the living room is connected to the american style kitchen fully equipped: Fridge, Freezer, Microwave, Cooker, Coffee Machine, Kettle, Dishwasher. There are 3 bedrooms. First one with a double bed, two little tables near the bed as well as one big, window is from the ceiling to the
8007	C'est un appartement de charme dans un immeuble en pierre de taille au cœur de Paris (68m² + balcon filant) situé au 5éme étage avec ascenceur. Multi-exposition (belle cour calme remplie de plantes vertes ou boulevard Magenta au dessus des arbres) 	Situé entre Montmartre (Le Moulin rouge, Pigalle, Sacré-coeur), les Grands boulevards (Galeries Lafayette), l'Opéra Garnier et le canal Saint-Martin, cet appartement au charme typiquement parisien a toutes les commodités de transports et commerces. C'est un appartement de charme dans un immeuble en pierre de taille au cœur de Paris (68m² + balcon filant) situé au 5éme étage avec ascenceur. Multi-exposition (belle cour calme remplie de plantes vertes ou boulevard Magenta au dessus des arbres)  Paris 10ème est LE quartier à proximité de toute la vie Parisienne. En bordure du 2ème, 3ème, 9ème, 11ème,18ème,19ème et 20ème, ça en fait le quartier le plus actif de Paris. informations : site web ratp Stations vélibs partout et pistes cyclables RER B, D et E Métro 2, 4, 5 et 7 Bus 26, Bus 30, Bus 31, Bus 32, Bus 35, Bus 38, Bus 39, Bus 42, Bus 43, Bus 46, Bus 47, Bus 48, Bus 54, Bus 65 Noctilien N01, N02, N13, N14, N41, N42, N43, N44, N45, N140, N141, N142, N143, N144, N145 
8008	"Our apartment is located in the lively 10th arrondissement, rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, close to shops, bars and restaurants. 3 minutes walk from the ""cour des petites écuries"", 5 minutes from the train station ""Gare du Nord"", 15 minutes from ""Gare de l'Est"" and 5 minutes from the metro (line 4, 7, 8 and 9), the apartment is very well served. Located in a charming courtyard the apartment is very quiet. Composed of a fully equipped kitchen (oven, mico oven, 2 electric plates, fridge, kettle, nespresso machine, toaster),a large living room, a large bedroom, a bathroom and two fireplaces, the apartment offers all the charm and comfort you need to make the most of the capital. With two large windows (in the living room and bedroom) the apartment is bright. Apartment features: TV, Hi-fi, playstation 3, washing machine, internet."	"Our apartment is located in the lively 10th arrondissement, rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, close to shops, bars and restaurants. 3 minutes walk from the ""cour des petites écuries"", 5 minutes from the train station ""Gare du Nord"", 15 minutes from ""Gare de l'Est"" and 5 minutes from the metro (line 4, 7, 8 and 9), the apartment is very well served. Located in a charming courtyard the apartment is very quiet. Composed of a fully equipped kitchen (oven, mico oven, 2 electric plates, fridge, kettle, nespresso machine, toaster),a large living room, a large bedroom, a bathroom and two fireplaces, the apartment offers all the charm and comfort you need to make the most of the capital. With two large windows (in the living room and bedroom) the apartment is bright. Apartment features: TV, Hi-fi, playstation 3, washing machine, internet."
8009	Spacious, beautiful and bright two bedroom apartment in a beautiful building in the vibrant area of Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint-Denis, close to le Marais. It's a 72 m2 apartment (800 square feet) in the heart of Paris,10eme arrondissement. The apartment is divided in two rooms, with a fully equipped open kitchen, a dining area, a big living room and a spacious and charming bathroom. Fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, big TV, wifi... It's a second floor, with an elevator. Few steps away from the restaurants and nightlife. Walking distance from Hotel de ville, Chatelet, les Tuileries. 30 sec walking from two important subway stations (Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint-Denis). 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord. Because of the amount of bars in the area, we had to put double glazing windows everywhere. The noise coming from 2 bars in the street doesn't bother us but for sure. It doesn't bother our 2 years and a half daughter neither, but it could probably bother som	Spacious, beautiful and bright two bedroom apartment in a beautiful building in the vibrant area of Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint-Denis, close to le Marais. It's a 72 m2 apartment (800 square feet) in the heart of Paris,10eme arrondissement. The apartment is divided in two rooms, with a fully equipped open kitchen, a dining area, a big living room and a spacious and charming bathroom. Fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, big TV, wifi... It's a second floor, with an elevator. Few steps away from the restaurants and nightlife. Walking distance from Hotel de ville, Chatelet, les Tuileries. 30 sec walking from two important subway stations (Bonne Nouvelle and Strasbourg Saint-Denis). 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord. Because of the amount of bars in the area, we had to put double glazing windows everywhere. The noise coming from 2 bars in the street doesn't bother us but for sure. It doesn't bother our 2 years and a half daughter neither, but it could probably bother som
8010	Le studio fait 22m² et bénéficie d'une belle hauteur sous plafond qui procure une sensation de volume très appréciable.  Idéal pour un couple /// 22m² studio with high ceilings, is central and quiet.  Perfect for a couple	Studio contemporain au premier étage sur cour.  Central et pourtant dans un environnement calme.  Idéal pour visiter Paris, et profiter des quartiers animés. Contemporary studio on the 1st floor Central but in a quiet environment Le studio fait 22m² et bénéficie d'une belle hauteur sous plafond qui procure une sensation de volume très appréciable.  Idéal pour un couple /// 22m² studio with high ceilings, is central and quiet.  Perfect for a couple Rue calme au coeur de Paris dans un quartier vivant. Nombreux bars et restaurants offrant différentes cuisines et ambiances pour tous les budgets (je me ferai un plaisir de vous communiquer les bonnes adresses !) Nombreux commerces à proximité. Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris à pied :  - quartier des Grands Boulevards  - accédez directement au Grand Rex, au musée Grevin, les Folies Bergères. - en 10 min, rendez-vous dans le quartier de Montorgueil ou celui de République. A proximité de plusieurs monuments :   - à peine 15 min en transpo
8011	Bel appartement très confortable pour 4 personnes,  une grande chambre, avec lit double en 150cm, literie haut de gamme, ventilateur, grande penderie et commode. Une seconde chambre avec un  lit pour 1 personne et un coin bureau. Une salle à manger, table et chaises pour 6 personnes,  Un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit double de 140 cm. La cuisine est entièrement équipée,  la salle de bains comprend une baignoire avec douche. les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Un accès wifi haut débit gratuit. 	Situé au cœur de la Capitale, quartier animé, rue de Montorgueil. Bel appartement au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Idéal pour 4 personnes, 2 chambres, un salon et une salle à manger. Bel appartement très confortable pour 4 personnes,  une grande chambre, avec lit double en 150cm, literie haut de gamme, ventilateur, grande penderie et commode. Une seconde chambre avec un  lit pour 1 personne et un coin bureau. Une salle à manger, table et chaises pour 6 personnes,  Un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit double de 140 cm. La cuisine est entièrement équipée,  la salle de bains comprend une baignoire avec douche. les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Un accès wifi haut débit gratuit. Accès à tout l'appartement Je vous accueillerai pour vous remettre les clés, vous montrer l'appartement et vous présenter le quartier. L’appartement est situé au au coeur de Paris, c'est un quartier très animé, à deux pas de la rue  Montorgueil, de ses boulangeries, traiteurs et restaurants. Vous serez à 10 m
8012	Very cute, cosy and confortable, very bright with big windows and a great view. Beautiful furniture, separated kitchen and a big bathtub.	Very bright(open view), 25m2, kitchen equipped, big bathtub, beautiful furniture, bicycle in disposition, lively neighborhood, 5 mins from Buttes_Chaumont, Belleville,3 metro stations. Very cute, cosy and confortable, very bright with big windows and a great view. Beautiful furniture, separated kitchen and a big bathtub. 2 elevators We will be happy to help make your stay more comfortable in any way possible. Close to the great Parisien Parc des Buttes Chaumont and the Canal St Martin, very hip neighbourhood full of young people and also very close to Belleville. 5 mins from 3 metro stations (lines 2,5 and 7), 10 minutes from Gare du L'Est et Gare du Nord (RER B,D et E). We also have a bicycle that you could use at any time.
8013	Appartement de 30m2 tout équipé lumineux sur cours, très calme, un vrai petit air de campagne. Situé dans un quartier centré et branché de Paris, à  5 mn du canal Saint Martin, des gares de l'est et du nord, puis à 10 mn à pied du centre Pompidou	Appartement  30m2  équipé, lumineux sur cours, très calme, un vrai petit air de campagne. Situé dans un quartier centré et branché de Paris, à  10 mn du canal Saint Martin, des gares de l'est et du nord, puis à 15  mn à pied du centre Pompidou. Appartement de 30m2 tout équipé lumineux sur cours, très calme, un vrai petit air de campagne. Situé dans un quartier centré et branché de Paris, à  5 mn du canal Saint Martin, des gares de l'est et du nord, puis à 10 mn à pied du centre Pompidou Le quartier est (website hidden) est au pied du métro  il se trouve à 2 mn tout les bars branchés de Paris, des marchés, des très bons  restos du canal saint martin et du marais. A côté  se trouve la Gaité Lyrique ainsi que  le centre Pompidou. Il y 3 stations de métro à coté de l'appartement. Gare de l'est/ Château d'eau/ Strasbourg saint Denis.   lignes 4/8/9. Station VLib juste en bas de l'immeuble.
8014		Enjoy our apartment at the heart of Paris center ! You have your own room in our cosy flat where we hope you will feel like home. You can reach most of the touristic sightseeings by walk from our place or take the subway (station at 30 secs by walk)
8015	The whole flat is 65 sqm, of which 15 sqm is terrace, for a feel of countryside in the middle of Paris. You can access the building going through Tholoniat boulangerie, famous for its cakes and croissants. Meaning on sunday, you don't even have to put your shoes on to bring your dearest breakfast in bed. The place is water-radiator heated and thick walled: nice and warm in winter, fresh during the summer. There is a large and royally elevated bed for two people, a couch to nap on, and an inflatable bed for two if friends want to come and spend a few nights. Just outside the building is Julhès, a highly reputed wine, liquor and delicacy shop. A market and great butcher await you downstairs. So one is literally surrounded with all it takes to infuse the place with an aroma of vacation.	This cosy, terraced apartment is a little paradise nested between two worlds. Near Chez Jeanette and La Fidélité, trendy bars well known to Parisians, it offers a perfect insider's view, great to explore the Marais and a more popular side of town. The whole flat is 65 sqm, of which 15 sqm is terrace, for a feel of countryside in the middle of Paris. You can access the building going through Tholoniat boulangerie, famous for its cakes and croissants. Meaning on sunday, you don't even have to put your shoes on to bring your dearest breakfast in bed. The place is water-radiator heated and thick walled: nice and warm in winter, fresh during the summer. There is a large and royally elevated bed for two people, a couch to nap on, and an inflatable bed for two if friends want to come and spend a few nights. Just outside the building is Julhès, a highly reputed wine, liquor and delicacy shop. A market and great butcher await you downstairs. So one is literally surrounded with all it takes to i
8016	In the Center of Paris. At the 4th floor with an elevator.If you're keen to cook, the kitchen is fully equipped with top of the range utensils	close to Gare du Nord railway sation and to others subway stations. Nice areas in the center of Paris with many restaurants. In the Center of Paris. At the 4th floor with an elevator.If you're keen to cook, the kitchen is fully equipped with top of the range utensils You have access to the whole place. We'll be around to check you in, and will usually remain in the city while you're there in case you need anything. We're also happy to provide recommendations for great restaurants/bars/walks/etc nearby. The best thing about this neighborhood is the food. There are so many fabulous restaurants within 3 blocks of our apartment. The Canal saint Martin( close from the appartment) is actually closed to car traffic on Sundays. Many sbway line, you can get anywhere in Paris in few minutes. It's extremely convenient (that is ultimately the reason we chose to live here).
8017	The flat is 71 m2 big which is quite rare in Paris. It is on the second floor. There is one bedroom (which is mine) and one big living room that I don't use with a table and a couch. The bed is a sofa bed but it is very comfortable. You can use the kitchen, there is an oven, a fridge and a freezer. The flat is very clean. A cleaning lady is coming every week.	The room is very big. 31 m2 ! There is all facilities. The flat is located in a cool, young and living area. I DO NOT TAKE RESERVATION MORE THAN 3 WEEKS IN ADVANCE. The flat is 71 m2 big which is quite rare in Paris. It is on the second floor. There is one bedroom (which is mine) and one big living room that I don't use with a table and a couch. The bed is a sofa bed but it is very comfortable. You can use the kitchen, there is an oven, a fridge and a freezer. The flat is very clean. A cleaning lady is coming every week. My room is private and I work most of the time in my office but the rest of the flat is yours. I like to talk and share with my guest so I prefer communicative people. So make yourself at home, i mean it ! You can use everything, in the limit of decency of course ;-) It is located in the new hip district of Paris. Full of new bars and restaurants with young people and multicultural crowd. Very safe and just 3 stops with the tube from the very center or 10 minutes walki
8018	If you are looking for comfort, cosiness and practicality, this is your choice. 	Cosy little flat ideally located in the heart of Paris, next to the Canal Saint Martin
8019		Ce charmant 2 pièces à quelques mètres du Canal Saint Martin est idéal pour un séjour à Paris ! Calme, bien placé et tout à fait typique, il sera votre parfait petit nid parisien..
8020	A big living-room with an opened kitchen, a big parental room and a room for two kids (bunk beds). Really sunny, windows on a very quiet street (nearly no car trafic)	Very nice 3 rooms flat, in the center of Paris, near the Canal Saint Martin and Republique place. All commodities around, with a lovely neighbourhood life and premium shops (fashion, food, bike rental, ...) Fully equiped for a family with two kids
8021	Appartement chaleureux, atypique et lumineux. Sous les toits, poutres apparentes, 35m2, 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour un couple.	Grand studio, chaleureux et cosy situé au coeur de Paris. Lumineux avec une vue sur les toits de la ville. Ideal pour passer un séjour à Paris. Appartement chaleureux, atypique et lumineux. Sous les toits, poutres apparentes, 35m2, 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour un couple. Tout ou presque est accessible à pied. Quartier sympa et vivant, rue commerçante, restaurants, supermarché. Juste derrière les Grands Boulevards. En mon absence, un personne de confiance sera là pour vous accueillir. Arrivée et départ négociables sur les horaires. Quartier vivant, animés, très sympa. Commerces, restaurants, brasseries, terrasses. Un vrai quartier parisien! Metro Bonne Nouvelle ou Strasbourg St Denis. Ligne 8, 9 et 4. Appartement mansardé
8022	Bright double-bedroom in a huge flat at the very center of Paris. Near a lot of tube stations, free wifi, furnished kitchen, piano, guitar and more.. It is a 4-bedroom flatshare, my (website hidden) are amazing and will be able to guide through Paris and give you the tips that no other tourist guide will give you ;) furnished kitchen, wifi, guitar, piano..  My (website hidden) are amazing and will be able to guide through Paris and give you the tips that no other tourist guide will give you ;) A lot of restaurants and bars nearby. 10 minutes from Montmartre by foot ! Perfect for a short visit in Paris ! Metro 2 via Barbes, Metro 4,5,RER B via Gare du Nord , Metro 7 via Poissoniere	Bright double-bedroom in a huge flat at the very center of Paris. Near a lot of tube stations, free wifi, furnished kitchen, piano, guitar and more.. It is a 4-bedroom flatshare, my (website hidden) are amazing and will be able to guide through Paris  Bright double-bedroom in a huge flat at the very center of Paris. Near a lot of tube stations, free wifi, furnished kitchen, piano, guitar and more.. It is a 4-bedroom flatshare, my (website hidden) are amazing and will be able to guide through Paris and give you the tips that no other tourist guide will give you ;) furnished kitchen, wifi, guitar, piano..  My (website hidden) are amazing and will be able to guide through Paris and give you the tips that no other tourist guide will give you ;) A lot of restaurants and bars nearby. 10 minutes from Montmartre by foot ! Perfect for a short visit in Paris ! Metro 2 via Barbes, Metro 4,5,RER B via Gare du Nord , Metro 7 via Poissoniere furnished kitchen, wifi, guitar, piano..  My (website hidd
8023	Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Marais neighborhood, 3 min walking from the Republique place and 1 min from the Canal Saint Martin.   Perfect to enjoy our delicious restaurants under the sun! The flat, situated on the first floor can accommodate two people. It includes one large bedroom area with double bed, one bathroom, a kitchen totally equipped and a cosy living room. Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave oven and fridge.  You can contact me any time, I'm over-connected ;) Looking forward to welcoming you soon! 	Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Marais neighborhood, 3 min walking from the Republique place and 1 min from the Canal Saint Martin. Perfect location for two persons who like to discover the beautiful streets of Paris.  Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Marais neighborhood, 3 min walking from the Republique place and 1 min from the Canal Saint Martin.   Perfect to enjoy our delicious restaurants under the sun! The flat, situated on the first floor can accommodate two people. It includes one large bedroom area with double bed, one bathroom, a kitchen totally equipped and a cosy living room. Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave oven and fridge.  You can contact me any time, I'm over-connected ;) Looking forward to welcoming you soon! Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave oven and fridge.  You can contact me any time, I'm o
8024	"Just renovated, located on the 5th floor of an old parisian building with a space of 24m2. Separate room with queen size bed. Fully equipped, internet, phone, washer, oven.  Perfect for couples or young travelers. The apartment is located in a trendy neighborhood. Close to cool restaurants and bars.  Metro Parmentier ""Ligne 3"" (2min walk from the house) Metro République ""Ligne (phone number hidden)min walk from the house) Joli appartement qui vient d'être rénové, situé au 5ème étage d'un vieil immeuble parisien avec un espace de 24m2. Chambre séparée avec un lit de grande taille. Entièrement équipé, internet, téléphone, machine à laver, four. Parfait pour les couples ou les jeunes voyageurs. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier branché. Proche de restaurants et de bars sympas. Métro Parmentier ""Ligne 3"" (2min à pied de la maison) Métro République ""Ligne (phone number hidden)min à pied de la maison) transports : Ligne 3 - Parmentier Ligne 11 - Goncourt Lignes 3,5,8,9,11 - République"	"Just renovated, located on the 5th floor of an old parisian building with a space of 24m2. Separate room with queen size bed. Fully equipped, internet, phone, washer, oven.  Perfect for couples or young travelers. The apartment is located in a trendy neighborhood. Close to cool restaurants and bars.  Metro Parmentier ""Ligne 3"" (2min walk from the house) Metro République ""Ligne (phone number hidden)min walk from the house) Joli appartement qui vient d'être rénové, situé au 5ème étage d'un vieil immeuble parisien avec un espace de 24m2. Chambre séparée avec un lit de grande taille. Entièrement équipé, internet, téléphone, machine à laver, four. Parfait pour les couples ou les jeunes voyageurs. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier branché. Proche de restaurants et de bars sympas. Métro Parmentier ""Ligne 3"" (2min à pied de la maison) Métro République ""Ligne (phone number hidden)min à pied de la maison) transports : Ligne 3 - Parmentier Ligne 11 - Goncourt Lignes 3,5,8,9,11 - République"
8025	Logement de style classique, avec un joli parquet en bois clair et des moulures au plafond. Les équipement sont tous récents et fonctionnels.	Appartement de 40m2 situé au premier étage clair et agréable à vivre, récement refait à neuf. Cuisine toute équipée, ouverte sur le salon. Grande chambre donnant sur la rue. Toilettes séparés de la salle de bain très spacieuse. Logement de style classique, avec un joli parquet en bois clair et des moulures au plafond. Les équipement sont tous récents et fonctionnels. Je suis joignable pour des conseils/ problèmes éventuels si nécéssaire. Le quartier de la goutte d'Or est très cosmopolite, populaire et animé. Il peut être  parfois un peu bruyant. A 10 minutes de marche on trouve d'un coté Montmartres et ses ruelles paisibles, et de l'autre coté, le canal de l'Ourcq et le Parc de la Villette avec ses grandes pelouses. Une grande Brasserie chic vient d'ouvrir dans le quartier, en face de l'ancien célèbre cinéma Louxor qui a également réouvert ses portes. La Station Barbès-Rochechouart est à 3 minutes à pieds, elle dessert les lignes 2 et 4 du metro. La ligne 2 parcourt Paris d'est en oues
8026	Joli Appartement situé entre les buttes de Chaumont et le canal st martin.  Appartement calme donnant sur deux cours intérieures, joliment fleuries. Appartement situé au 2ème étage. 2 pièces:  1- une grande pièce:  cuisine américaine aménagée (frigo, machine à laver, gaz, four, vaisselle), espace de lecture, et espace de repas. Les épices, l'huile d'olive, du café bio (avec une cafetière italienne), et du thé sont mis à disposition pour vos repas.  Accès Wifi  - Une entre pièce: Une salle de bain (avec baignoire) et toilettes 2 - une belle chambre de 10 m2 donnant sur une cour avec une vue dégagée sur un jardin Le linge de maison est mis à disposition: douce et chaude couette, draps, oreillers. Petites serviettes de bain fournis - sur demande (je  mets à  disposition deux petites serviettes pour dépanner pour quelques jours). NOUVEAU MATELAS A MÉMOIRE DE FORME, POUR PLUS DE CONFORT. Actuellement, la façade arrière de l'appartement est en travaux, c'est pourquoi 2 poteaux se trouvent su	Joli Appartement de 30 m2 situé entre les buttes de Chaumont et le canal st martin.  Appartement calme donnant sur deux cours intérieures, joliment fleuries. Appartement de 2 pièces situé au 2ème étage. Joli Appartement situé entre les buttes de Chaumont et le canal st martin.  Appartement calme donnant sur deux cours intérieures, joliment fleuries. Appartement situé au 2ème étage. 2 pièces:  1- une grande pièce:  cuisine américaine aménagée (frigo, machine à laver, gaz, four, vaisselle), espace de lecture, et espace de repas. Les épices, l'huile d'olive, du café bio (avec une cafetière italienne), et du thé sont mis à disposition pour vos repas.  Accès Wifi  - Une entre pièce: Une salle de bain (avec baignoire) et toilettes 2 - une belle chambre de 10 m2 donnant sur une cour avec une vue dégagée sur un jardin Le linge de maison est mis à disposition: douce et chaude couette, draps, oreillers. Petites serviettes de bain fournis - sur demande (je  mets à  disposition deux petites servie
8027	Chambre de 15m2 dans un grand appartement de 100m2 typiquement parisien de style haussmanien avec parquet, moulure, et grand balcon.  	Chambre dans un grand appartement haussmannien charmant et chaleureux avec de vieilles prestations (parquet, cheminée, balcon). Tout les équipements sont compris. Appartement situé en plein cœur de Paris dans le quartier Indien très vivant.  Chambre de 15m2 dans un grand appartement de 100m2 typiquement parisien de style haussmanien avec parquet, moulure, et grand balcon.  Cet appartement dispose d'un équipement complet: machine à café, micro-onde, four, lave linge, literie... Vous aurez accès à la cuisine, la salle de bain, le grand séjour/salon et votre chambre.  We would be delighted to welcome foreign and talking about the Parisian heritage.  Le quartier est idéalement situé car il est central.  Il est très atypique puisqu'il se situe dans le quartier Indien, vous pourez déguster n'importe quel plat avec de nombreuses épices et regarder des films de Bollywood.  Le canal st martin est accessible à 5 minutes à pied.  Il est possible d'accéder à Montmartre en 10 minutes à pied. Welcom
8028		To rent: 1 bedroom in a large 120 m2 haussmanian flat, which comes with 3 very nice and quiet roomates.  2 min walk to metro stop Gare du Nord, lines available: 2, 4, 5 and RER B, D, and E.  20 min walk to Montmartre and Canal Saint Martin. Very nice neighborhood with shops, supermarkets, restaurants and bars. Metro lines 2 (Barbes-Rauchechoir), 4 (Gare du Nord) and 5 (Gare du Nord). RER lines B (Gare du Nord), D (Gare du Nord) and E (Magenta).
8029		Petite Chambre bien placée près des  gares du Nord et de l'Est.  Bien desservi par les transports en commun.  Commerce ,bar et restaurants.  Monuments historiques. Avec douche petit coin cuisine.  Idéal pour un jeune homme car elle est au 5eme étage sans ascenseur.
8030	Our apartment is small but perfectly formed! It is a very comfortable and welcoming place to spend time in during the day, when it gets a lot of sunlight, and at night when you can sit around our large kitchen table or relax on the very comfortable sofa. There is a separate bedroom with a double bed as well as a double sofa bed in the living room that sleeps two. The apartment is on the 5th floor with no lift so you will get fit! Don't worry, you get used to it really quickly. We are ideally looking for a booking of the whole period. If you need to arrive one day earlier or leave later please contact us as this may be possible. We speak English, French and Spanish	A one-bedroom, bright, sunny and welcoming 30sq m apartment between the Canal St Martin and Gare de l'Est, available while we are away on holiday. Excellent public transport and walking distance from all the best things to see in Paris! Our apartment is small but perfectly formed! It is a very comfortable and welcoming place to spend time in during the day, when it gets a lot of sunlight, and at night when you can sit around our large kitchen table or relax on the very comfortable sofa. There is a separate bedroom with a double bed as well as a double sofa bed in the living room that sleeps two. The apartment is on the 5th floor with no lift so you will get fit! Don't worry, you get used to it really quickly. We are ideally looking for a booking of the whole period. If you need to arrive one day earlier or leave later please contact us as this may be possible. We speak English, French and Spanish You will have access to everything in the apartment, which, as it is our home, is fully eq
8031	Double bedroom, calm and cosy, perfect for a couple who wants to rest in Paris for a bit.	Calm and sunny double bed room, mostly available during week-ends.  Roomates welcoming and easy going, willing to give you tips around the city and make you visit the area. Double bedroom, calm and cosy, perfect for a couple who wants to rest in Paris for a bit.
8032		Spacious (20m²) quiet room doublebed (+small bed possible), cupboards. Shared living room offering great view on canal Saint Martin, its many bars&restaurants. Close from: -gares du Nord&Est stations -Historical Marais, CentrePompidou Along the canal, reach the Seine or park de la Villette and cinemas, science museum, new Philharmony.
8033	Grand appartement (75m2) calme et lumineux à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et des Buttes Chaumont On the 2cd floor with a large and luminous living room, a comfortable bedroom (there is one bedroom, but we have 2 comfortable extra-mattress - but without bedbase - if you want to put them on the living room. Then you can come at 4), a fully equipped kitchen and a flourished balcony . You'll find yourself at home! All facilities are provided (elevator, very fast fiber optic internet, wifi, tv , washing machine. The flat is very clean (cleaning lady coming once a week) with access code and acaretaker.	75m2 apartment on the 2cd floor with a large and luminous living room, a comfortable bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen and a flourished balcony . You'll find yourself at home ! Grand appartement (75m2) calme et lumineux à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et des Buttes Chaumont On the 2cd floor with a large and luminous living room, a comfortable bedroom (there is one bedroom, but we have 2 comfortable extra-mattress - but without bedbase - if you want to put them on the living room. Then you can come at 4), a fully equipped kitchen and a flourished balcony . You'll find yourself at home! All facilities are provided (elevator, very fast fiber optic internet, wifi, tv , washing machine. The flat is very clean (cleaning lady coming once a week) with access code and acaretaker. I'm living 5 min from this place, then I will be able to help you quickly if any problem !  The flat is located in a very quiet pedestrian area at 2mn walk from the Canal Saint Martin and 10 mn to the Buttes Chaumont 
8034	The Republique Cosy apartment  Situated  close the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Republique  Apartment has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway . It is generously equipped with a nice room with a double bed  for 2 persons  ,  a living room with a small kitchen , LCD television, wireless internet, and a bathroom with shower and a  washing machine .   The apartment is positioned at the very heart of the city in a typical and well-maintained Parisian tenement. Located on the 4 th floor (no elevator)  The Marais is a village neighbourhood in the third arrondissement. Although it is popular with tourists, it is quiet at night and buzzing with local life by day. On Rue Rambuteau (2 stations from Republique ) you will find no less than three gourmet patisseries, two greengrocers, a supermarket and dozens of delicatessens and cafes (including the best coffee in Paris on your doorstep). The apartment is moments away from Châte	The Republique Cosy apartment  Situated  close the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Republique  Apartment has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway . It is generously equipped with a nice room with a double bed  for 2 persons  ,  a living room with a small kitchen , LCD television, wireless internet, and a bathroom with shower and a  washing machine .   The apartment is positioned at the very heart of the city in a typical and well-maintained Parisian tenement. Located on the 4 th floor (no elevator)  The Marais is a village neighbourhood in the third arrondissement. Although it is popular with tourists, it is quiet at night and buzzing with local life by day. On Rue Rambuteau (2 stations from Republique ) you will find no less than three gourmet patisseries, two greengrocers, a supermarket and dozens of delicatessens and cafes (including the best coffee in Paris on your doorstep). The apartment is moments away from Châte
8035	"--> One of the best Airbnb ranked place --> New sofa-bed in October ! --> Best situated place in Paris: Canal Saint Martin- THE Place to be  --> Very safe for girls (and others): Guard located on the same floor --> Very quiet, and easy access (located on first floor - 16 steps) -->Very flexible with arrival time --> Located on first floor. Easy access In the heart of Paris, 100 meters from the Place de la République and 50 m from the canal Saint Martin, cozy studio of 15m ² fully renovated! Located in a building 15 m close  from metro Jacques Bon sergent and 3 minutes from the metro ""Republique"" you will find all the amenities ... bus, stations of Vélib, restaurants ... Italian new bathroom, new luxurious sofa bed, new mattress in June too (13 cm ) and fully ergonomic equipped kitchen, it is also a flat screen TV, free WIFI, hotplates.  You will be autonomous, in the heart of the capital. Sheets are provided, with pilows, cover pilows and towells for two persons. Non smoking place, no "	"--> One of the best Airbnb ranked place --> New sofa-bed in October ! --> Best situated place in Paris: Canal Saint Martin- THE Place to be  --> Very safe for girls (and others): Guard located on the same floor --> Very quiet, and easy access (located on first floor - 16 steps) -->Very flexible with arrival time --> Located on first floor. Easy access In the heart of Paris, 100 meters from the Place de la République and 50 m from the canal Saint Martin, cozy studio of 15m ² fully renovated! Located in a building 15 m close  from metro Jacques Bon sergent and 3 minutes from the metro ""Republique"" you will find all the amenities ... bus, stations of Vélib, restaurants ... Italian new bathroom, new luxurious sofa bed, new mattress in June too (13 cm ) and fully ergonomic equipped kitchen, it is also a flat screen TV, free WIFI, hotplates.  You will be autonomous, in the heart of the capital. Sheets are provided, with pilows, cover pilows and towells for two persons. Non smoking place, no "
8036		Un 2 pièces (chambre & living) agréable, ensoleillé, calme. Le quartier sympathique, à deux pas du canal (website hidden) est aussi central, à 2mn de la Place de la République. Un appartement avec tout le confort; Internet, TV, Films, musique, livres.
8037	L'appartement est de style haussmannien (grandes fenêtres avec balconnets, parquet et hauts plafonds), il est idéal pour un couple (lit double + 1 canapé convertible). Possibilité de fermer le salon et la chambre (parois vitrées).  Très lumineux, il a une vue dégagée et le double vitrage est efficace. La déco est moderne et sobre. Connexion WIFI en fibre optique, avec un ordinateur à disposition pour Internet.  Il est extrêmement bien placé (30m du métro La chapelle (ligne 2), et 10 minutes à pieds de Gare du nord et de Gare de l'est). Il est entouré de commerces dans un quartier très vivant, cosmopolite et populaire :  Plusieurs bars sympas à 5 minutes, restaurants indiens.  L'appartement est propre et bien entretenu (cuisine et salle de bain nettoyée à la javel avant chaque arrivée, et draps fraichement lavés ;)). 	Charmant deux-pièces haussmannien, 36 m², lumineux et agréable. Idéal pour 2 (Lit 2places+convertible une place). A 30m du métro La chapelle, ligne 2 (vers Montmartre), 10min. à pieds de gare du nord (Eurostar et Aéroport) et gare de l'est.  L'appartement est de style haussmannien (grandes fenêtres avec balconnets, parquet et hauts plafonds), il est idéal pour un couple (lit double + 1 canapé convertible). Possibilité de fermer le salon et la chambre (parois vitrées).  Très lumineux, il a une vue dégagée et le double vitrage est efficace. La déco est moderne et sobre. Connexion WIFI en fibre optique, avec un ordinateur à disposition pour Internet.  Il est extrêmement bien placé (30m du métro La chapelle (ligne 2), et 10 minutes à pieds de Gare du nord et de Gare de l'est). Il est entouré de commerces dans un quartier très vivant, cosmopolite et populaire :  Plusieurs bars sympas à 5 minutes, restaurants indiens.  L'appartement est propre et bien entretenu (cuisine et salle de bain nett
8038	This is a quite studio apt. (30 square meters) for short term rental in (email hidden). Martin, one of the most astonishing and vibrant areas in the city. The studio is on the 2nd floor in a renovated 3 floor building. It's tastefully decorated and fully furnished.  This is an open space apartment divided the following way: - small entrance; - one room with the double bed, a large sofa which can transform to another double bed, bed linen, towels, refrigerator, kitchenware, housewares, cable TV, Wi Fi, DVD (+usb). - Bathroom and WC. The place is bright and clean. The neighborhood is really nice and full of good restaurants very appreciated by parisian people. Check all our Pictures and tell us if you have any doubt about the apartment. If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact us. 	This is a quite studio apt. (30 square meters) for short term rental in (email hidden). Martin, one of the most astonishing and vibrant areas in the city. The studio is on the 2nd floor in a renovated 3 floor building. It's tastefully decorated and fully furnished.  This is an open space apartment divided the following way: - small entrance; - one room with the double bed, a large sofa which can transform to another double bed, bed linen, towels, refrigerator, kitchenware, housewares, cable TV, Wi Fi, DVD (+usb). - Bathroom and WC. The place is bright and clean. The neighborhood is really nice and full of good restaurants very appreciated by parisian people. Check all our Pictures and tell us if you have any doubt about the apartment. If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact us. The apt. is located between Goncourt metro station and Republic but the nearest  is around the block from the building. (Goncourt)
8039		Jolie appartement chaleureux située à deux pas du métro belleville, quartier vivant et bon marché. Métro ligne 2 à 10 min d' Hotel de Ville de Paris ( centre de la capitale ), station velib à disposition. Nombreux bars et restaurants!
8040	Very large and quiet living room	Apartment located located 5 mins away from montorgeuil, chatelet, and others great areas. Spacious living room, furnished, tv, wifi. Opened kitchen. electric stove, microwaves, toaster,... Queen size bed in a cosy bedroom, dresser. Very large and quiet living room Access metro Line 4/8/9  just near the building door.
8041	4 bedrooms (2 double with queen beds, 2 children with single beds), 1 living room, 1 family/kids room, 1 and a half bathrooms, ground floor/ 1st floor duplex loft with a back yard in the 10th, near Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Canal St Martin. 5 minutes walk to Canal St Martin that goes from Stalingrad to République (tons of restaurants, shops, cafés on both sides of the river…) Public swimming pool around the corner  Marché Secrétan for food lovers  MK2 Quai de Loire et Quai de Seine for movie goers,  Point Ephémère for those who like music and concerts by the water Parc de la Villette and Parc des Buttes Chaumont 15 minutes walk The neighborhood is not fancy but very convenient  Direct train to Opéra (15'), Bastille (15'), République (10'), Montmartre (5')… What else… No microwave, No air conditioning but ground floor is cool and there are ceiling fans in each room, sweet and helpful neighbours + We have a cat (named Socks)	Casa Bibi is a 150 square meter duplex loft located in the heart of Paris's 10th arrondmnt. It offers the best of both worlds: large space with amenities, yet close to just about everything: metro, shops, parks, etc. Perfect for families + groups.  4 bedrooms (2 double with queen beds, 2 children with single beds), 1 living room, 1 family/kids room, 1 and a half bathrooms, ground floor/ 1st floor duplex loft with a back yard in the 10th, near Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Canal St Martin. 5 minutes walk to Canal St Martin that goes from Stalingrad to République (tons of restaurants, shops, cafés on both sides of the river…) Public swimming pool around the corner  Marché Secrétan for food lovers  MK2 Quai de Loire et Quai de Seine for movie goers,  Point Ephémère for those who like music and concerts by the water Parc de la Villette and Parc des Buttes Chaumont 15 minutes walk The neighborhood is not fancy but very convenient  Direct train to Opéra (15'), Bastille (15'), République (10')
8042	Logement refait à neuf dans un immeuble ancien.  Appartement très clair, dans une rue calme.	Joli 2 pièces refait à neuf, situé au 2ème étage, à deux pas du Marché Saint Martin. Localisé à 5 min à pied de la Place de la République, de la Gare de l'Est et du canal Saint Martin... Quartier dynamique et branché, très prisé des parisiens.  Logement refait à neuf dans un immeuble ancien.  Appartement très clair, dans une rue calme. Nombreux restaurants, bars et magasins dans le quartier.  Position centrale, idéal pour visiter Paris en journée et sortir le soir. Metro L5 (Jacques Bonsergent) Metro L4 (Chateau d'eau) Metro L8 et L9 (Strasbourg Saint Denis) Bus 38 : Chateau d'eau
8043		Grande chambre, très claire donnant sur terrasse ensoleillée.  Quartier central, nombreux bars et commerces.
8044	In the historical center of Paris, enjoy a flat with personality and smooth style. Two bedrooms (one single bed, and the other double bed) with linen sheets. Beautiful windows, with white linen curtains and view of Paris roof tops. The interiors are the results of different encounters, travels, and ways of life. Every object has been carefully chosen, and has it s reason to be there. The kitchen and wall paintings have been redone. Books, dvd, art works,Wifi, Ipod deck. And everything you might need for breakfast. Feel free to get in touch with me so that we can make sure that this apartment is the right choice for you. Restaurants, art galleries, book shops, boutiques, cafés, le marché des enfants rouges, and easy access to other neighborhood. Very close to Gare du Nord et Gare de Lyon ( direct en bus et métro) Please respect the neighbors  No additional guests	Central, close to sites, super market, metro, bakery, taxi. a wonderful elevator that takes you right to the apartment entrance. The apartment has wonderful windows that create a wonderful cross breeze. The WiFi is very fast with very good coverage. In the historical center of Paris, enjoy a flat with personality and smooth style. Two bedrooms (one single bed, and the other double bed) with linen sheets. Beautiful windows, with white linen curtains and view of Paris roof tops. The interiors are the results of different encounters, travels, and ways of life. Every object has been carefully chosen, and has it s reason to be there. The kitchen and wall paintings have been redone. Books, dvd, art works,Wifi, Ipod deck. And everything you might need for breakfast. Feel free to get in touch with me so that we can make sure that this apartment is the right choice for you. Restaurants, art galleries, book shops, boutiques, cafés, le marché des enfants rouges, and easy access to other neighborh
8045		Deux-pièces au bord du canal Saint-Martin, pouvant loger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au calme, cet appartement est très bien équipé, en plus d'être parfaitement situé au coeur de Paris. Métro, commerce, restaurants, parc à proximité !
8046		Deux pièces tout confort dans une cour arborée, très calme. Peut loger un couple et une 3ème personne sur un lit d'appoint. Bien desservi par commerces très proches, métro, RER . Bel espace cuisine et salle de bains. Accès aisé aux sites touristiques
8047	Super quiet and zen appartment (60 sqm / 645 ft2) in the typical bohemian and lively area “Canal St Martin”, from the livingroom or the balcony, you can enjoy the birds singing and the beautiful garden. The apartment is newly redone with ecological materials, I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do!	Super quiet and zen appartment (60 sqm / 645 ft2) in the typical bohemian and lively area “Canal St Martin”, from the livingroom or the balcony, you can enjoy the birds singing and the beautiful garden. The apartment is newly redone with ecological materials, I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do! You get the whole appartment for yourself :) I will welcome you when you arrive and I will be there when you leave - with possible exception if I am away for the week-end (then a friend of mine will be there!) You can reach me by phone at any time if you have questions. Lively area with a mix of old fashion and trendy cafés, bars, restaurants … I ll advise you on my favourite spots ;) The apartment is less than one minute walk from the Canal Saint-Martin, 10 minutes walk from Place de la République and Gare de l’Est, 15 minutes walk from le Marais and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (my favourite park in Paris), 20 mn walking distance from Gare du Nord.  You ll have plenty of choice concernin
8048	À very charmig 2 rooms appartment in à colorful street with bars ans restaurants.	Bienvenue in this very nice appartement in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. Close to the Canal Saint Martin you are in the very best À very charmig 2 rooms appartment in à colorful street with bars ans restaurants. The whole appartment will be for you This area bas devolpped à lot thèse lazst years: hipster bars ans restaurants, smalls boutiques and cafés.  2 min away from thé canal saint Martin and 10 min from thé post beautiful parc of Paris. Close to gare du nord and gare de l'est , as well as thé métro line 2,10,9,5
8049	Grande cuisine équipée lumineuse,table 8 chaises,lave vaisselle,micro onde,machie à café,lave et sèche linge. Deux chambres: lits double + armoires Séjour avec canapé  convertible deux places + quatres  fauteuil Couloir avec un meuble décoratif WC séparés Salle de bain avec douche italienne...  Internet WIFI Capacité d’accueil 6 personnes  	Appartement 4 pièces haussmannien de 120 M² au 3 ème  étage ,situé à deux minutes de la gare du Nord et de la gare de l'Est .        Grande cuisine équipée lumineuse,table 8 chaises,lave vaisselle,micro onde,machie à café,lave et sèche linge. Deux chambres: lits double + armoires Séjour avec canapé  convertible deux places + quatres  fauteuil Couloir avec un meuble décoratif WC séparés Salle de bain avec douche italienne...  Internet WIFI Capacité d’accueil 6 personnes  Tous l'appartement Interdiction de fumer Remise des clés à l’arrivée et non présente dans le logement pendant le séjour des voyageurs  Quartier animé, restaurants, théâtre et  boutiques sympas. Situé à Gare du Nord, vous pouvez arriver par bus,  métro, ou par trains ( eurostar, Thalys ... ). Il y a un parking à proximité L'appartement est à 20 minutes de l’aéroport CDG vous prenez le RER B . Appartement familial calme et chaleureux avec beaucoup d'objets 
8050	L'appartement se trouve au 5ème étage avec ascenseur,il est ainsi très lumineux et au coeur de la capital.Vous avez la possibilité de faire des cours de dessin en face de l'appartement dans un atelier d'artiste.   L'appartement donne sur cour, il est donc au calme. Il est alors important de ne pas mettre la musique trop forte à partir d'une certaine heure.  Opéra, Grands Boulevards, Bonne nouvelle : Les amoureux de grande musique et de ballets, eux, savourent une soirée à l’Opéra Garnier. Ce ne sont pas les seules passions nourries ici. Les amateurs de restaurants raffinés, de design et de vie théâtrale y trouveront aussi leur compte. métro : Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 9, ligne 8) Poissonnière (Ligne 7)	L'appartement se trouve au 5ème étage avec ascenseur,il est ainsi très lumineux et au coeur de la capital.Vous avez la possibilité de faire des cours de dessin en face de l'appartement dans un atelier d'artiste.   L'appartement donne sur cour, il est donc au calme. Il est alors important de ne pas mettre la musique trop forte à partir d'une certaine heure.  Opéra, Grands Boulevards, Bonne nouvelle : Les amoureux de grande musique et de ballets, eux, savourent une soirée à l’Opéra Garnier. Ce ne sont pas les seules passions nourries ici. Les amateurs de restaurants raffinés, de design et de vie théâtrale y trouveront aussi leur compte. métro : Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 9, ligne 8) Poissonnière (Ligne 7) Opéra, Grands Boulevards, Bonne nouvelle : Les amoureux de grande musique et de ballets, eux, savourent une soirée à l’Opéra Garnier. Ce ne sont pas les seules passions nourries ici. Les amateurs de restaurants raffinés, de design et de vie théâtrale y trouveront aussi leur compte. métro : B
8051	Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 80m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports.	Chambre spacieuse avec lit double dans un appartement très lumineux et chaleureux de 80m2 en plein cœur de Paris. Lovely and big BD in a nice 80sq apartment in the center of Paris Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 80m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports. L'appartement comprend un  grand salon, une TV écran plat, un ordinateur Imac , une connection Internet haut débit, une cuisine toute équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire ainsi que des WC séparés.  Dans un quartier très animé vous trouverez tout ce qu’il vous faut (Restaurants, marchés, boulangeries, bars, magasins, etc.) Montmartre (Basilique Sacré Cœur), le Canal Saint-Martin, la place de la République et quartier Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) sont deux pas.  A 10 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards (Musées théâtres et brasseries). Tous les monuments touristiques parisiens sont situés à moins de 30 minutes.  Gare de l'est (Metro 4,5,7) est à  2 minutes à pied, Gare du Nord (Eurostar, 
8052	This studio is perfect if you want to experience the real Paris, the street is full of life and it's the only street in Paris where everything is open even on sundays. A lot of trendy bars and restaurants so perfect if you come to enjoy and not to work ;) 	"This studio is perfect if you want to experience the real Paris, the street is full of life and it's the only street in Paris where everything is open even on sundays. A lot of trendy bars and restaurants so perfect if you come to enjoy and not to work ;)  Restaurants, bars, grocery stores, pharmacy, all in the same street Great night life and ambiance  Métros :  4,8,9 - Strasbourg Saint-Denis (3 minutes walk) 5- Jacques Bonsergent (7 minutes walk) 3,11 - République (12 minutes walk) Don't have a washing machine yet but there's a ""laverie"" 5 minutes walking from the flat. Don't mind if you smoke but please open the window if you do so. "
8053		2 room appt 45m2, haussmanian building. A few steps away from La Chapelle station, metro 2 : ideal location for touristic visits of Paris! All equipped, very pleasant appt. There is an extra mattress which allows 2 to 4 people.
8054	(English will follow) Autant se le dire: mon studio est assez petit (16m2), pour autant il est idéal à bien d'autres égards. -Pour commencer, il est situé non loin de la place de la République et de la Gare de L'est, ce qui vous permettra d'accéder rapidement à de nombreuses lignes de métro.  -Vous aurez aussi le loisir de tester de nombreux restaurants situés dans la rue: italien, français, américain, indien, thaï, vietnamien ou turc, il y en a pour tous les goûts et tous les budgets. -La grande fenêtre vous offrira une vue sur la cour intérieure verdoyante et vous pourrez même voir la tour Eiffel! -enfin, à deux rues se situe le Canal Saint Martin, magnifique et extrêmement populaire en été pour les pique niques et ballades, un vrai plaisir. Je pense sincèrement qu'il s'agit d'un logement idéal si vous voulez visiter Paris seul ou en couple et profiter d'un quartier très agréable. N'hésitez pas à me poser vos questions, je serai heureux d'y répondre. ENGLISH I won't hide it, my studi	Charmant studio au coeur de Paris (10eme). À deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, situé dans un quartier branché accueillant de nombreux restaurants et commerçants, mon logement fera votre bonheur si vous venez visiter la capitale seul(e) ou à deux (English will follow) Autant se le dire: mon studio est assez petit (16m2), pour autant il est idéal à bien d'autres égards. -Pour commencer, il est situé non loin de la place de la République et de la Gare de L'est, ce qui vous permettra d'accéder rapidement à de nombreuses lignes de métro.  -Vous aurez aussi le loisir de tester de nombreux restaurants situés dans la rue: italien, français, américain, indien, thaï, vietnamien ou turc, il y en a pour tous les goûts et tous les budgets. -La grande fenêtre vous offrira une vue sur la cour intérieure verdoyante et vous pourrez même voir la tour Eiffel! -enfin, à deux rues se situe le Canal Saint Martin, magnifique et extrêmement populaire en été pour les pique niques et ballades, un vrai plaisir. Je
8055		"A calm apartment in the centre of Paris. Situated between Sacre Coeur and Notre Dame and 5 min. walk from the Canal St. Martin, it is the ideal base to discover the sights of this beautiful city. Great for a couple or a single traveler. Excellent metro connection. WiFi, washing machine with dryer, elevator. Formerly a largely working class and migrant neighborhood, it has been the epicenter of gentrification in Paris. Similar to Brooklyn Williamsburg and Brick Lane in London, it offers an unparalleled cultural diversity and richness. Decried as a ""No Go Area"" by FOX news, it is home to the trendiest bars and restaurants in town like Faubourg 52, PNY and Bistro Bellet, along with largely ethnic streets like Passage Brady and its Indian restaurants or African beauty salons at Chateau d'Eau. And let's not forget the Canal Saint Martin, the scenic backdrop to Movies like Amélie and Midnight in Paris and the place to go for an ""apéro"" on a warm evening. 3 min. walking distance from the metr"
8056	Mon appartement est situé au 5 eme étage d'un immeuble récent, sur cour avec petit balcon. La vue est dégagée. La luminosité et le calme rendent cet appartement très attractif. L'appartement est constitué  d'un grand salon avec canapé et une table pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 convives. Une cuisine tout équipée qui donne sur le salon. Une salle de bain avec une petite baignoire. 2 chambres d'enfants avec dans chacune un lit  en mezzanine.  Un coin séparé est aménagé avec un lit double (1m40 x 2m), séparé du reste de l'espace par des cloisons. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas pour faire 1 couchage de plus.	Mon appartement est situé au 5 eme étage d'un immeuble récent, sur cour avec petit balcon. La vue est dégagée. La luminosité et le calme rendent cet appartement très attractif. L'appartement est constitué  d'un grand salon avec canapé et une table pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 convives. Une cuisine tout équipée qui donne sur le salon. Une salle de bain avec une petite baignoire. 2 chambres d'enfants avec dans chacune un lit  en mezzanine.  Un coin séparé est aménagé avec un lit double (1m40 x 2m), séparé du reste de l'espace par des cloisons. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas pour faire 1 couchage de plus. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Je me rendrai disponible pour pouvoir renseigner au mieux les voyageurs sur les bonnes adresses du quartier et sur le Paris qu'ils ont envi de découvrir. je suis joignable par mail et portable. Le quartier du canal est très recherché car plein de charme.  Quartier idéal pour  découvrir Paris   car très central.Quartier très commerçant. . 
8057	"Nice and comfortable Parisian apartment, located in the perfect district to discover paris : lots of bars/restaurants, easy access to all major subways and bus lines ! Enjoy a cosy apartment,  furnished kitchen with nice neighbors. Really nice and cosy 37 square meter apartment. Typically Parisian, it has woodenfloor and indoor fireplace. Ideally located, the apartment is really close to transportation  : subway chateau Landon (2 min - line 7) and gare de l'est (5 min - line 4,5, 7) ; buses (line 26, 46, 54 at 2 min and  a lot of others at 5 minutes at gare de l'est) : 2 ""velib"" stations just at 1 min. You will have access at all furnitures you will need :  - TV - Wifi - Special back Matress  - Oven (I dont have a microwave) - Fridge and Freezer - Everything you need to cook (I love to cook) - Nespresso machine - Washer - Linnen I will be happy to give you my addresses (nice places to see, restaurants, shopping...). Hope to see you soon !"	"Nice and comfortable Parisian apartment, located in the perfect district to discover paris : lots of bars/restaurants, easy access to all major subways and bus lines ! Enjoy a cosy apartment,  furnished kitchen with nice neighbors. Really nice and cosy 37 square meter apartment. Typically Parisian, it has woodenfloor and indoor fireplace. Ideally located, the apartment is really close to transportation  : subway chateau Landon (2 min - line 7) and gare de l'est (5 min - line 4,5, 7) ; buses (line 26, 46, 54 at 2 min and  a lot of others at 5 minutes at gare de l'est) : 2 ""velib"" stations just at 1 min. You will have access at all furnitures you will need :  - TV - Wifi - Special back Matress  - Oven (I dont have a microwave) - Fridge and Freezer - Everything you need to cook (I love to cook) - Nespresso machine - Washer - Linnen I will be happy to give you my addresses (nice places to see, restaurants, shopping...). Hope to see you soon !"
8058	Il est très bien placé, en plein centre et extrêmement bien desservi par le métro qui est juste en bas de l'immeuble. Beaucoup de bars juste à côté,  supermarché et commerces en bas de l'immeuble donc très pratique. A noter qu'il se situe au 5 ème etage sans ascenseur.	Une chambre avec un lit confortable, idéal pour couple ou personne de passage sur Paris. Possibilité 3 places supp. canapé lit et lit mezzanine. Appartement 3 pièces situé à 20m du métro très bien desservi (Lignes 4,8,9). Accès à toutes pièces. Il est très bien placé, en plein centre et extrêmement bien desservi par le métro qui est juste en bas de l'immeuble. Beaucoup de bars juste à côté,  supermarché et commerces en bas de l'immeuble donc très pratique. A noter qu'il se situe au 5 ème etage sans ascenseur. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout ( tv, ordinateur, tablette, internet, cuisine, etc ) C'est un quartier vivant et commerçants.  Il y a beaucoup de bars et de multiples restaurants de toutes sortes. Il y a un lit mezzanine juste avant la pièce pour accueillir une troisième personne.
8059	Logement tout confort de 70m2 dans lequel nous habitons et que nous louons pour de courtes périodes. Cuisine équipée (four, machine à café, lave-vaisselle, grille pain, presse-agrumes... ), douche italienne, machine à laver, canapé de relaxation dans le salon... Balcon ensoleillé le matin, avec petite table et chaises. WIFI dans l'appartement et télévision par cable. Capacité d'accueil: 2 personnes.  Ideal pour un couple.	Trois pièces de 70m2 (1 chambre, un salon, une cuisine), tout confort, entièrement refait par architecte, dans le 10eme arrondissement. Très central, tout proche du métro Strasbourg Saint Denis (lignes 4, 8, 9), à 15mn à pied du Marais ! Logement tout confort de 70m2 dans lequel nous habitons et que nous louons pour de courtes périodes. Cuisine équipée (four, machine à café, lave-vaisselle, grille pain, presse-agrumes... ), douche italienne, machine à laver, canapé de relaxation dans le salon... Balcon ensoleillé le matin, avec petite table et chaises. WIFI dans l'appartement et télévision par cable. Capacité d'accueil: 2 personnes.  Ideal pour un couple. Logement entier à disposition. Interphone, digicode Nous pourrons vous donner toutes les informations dont vous avez besoin avant et pendant votre séjour, par mail ou par téléphone. Normalement, nous ne serons pas là lorsque vous arriverez car nous mettons notre logement à disposition uniquement pendant nos vacances. Mais quelqu'un de
8060	The flat comprises a living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a kitchen. The view of the canal is very beautiful and relaxing and the neighborhood is nice and very central.	A 40 square meter apartment with a view of the Canal Saint Martin in the 10th arrondissement. Excellent location, close to a lot of shops (supermarkets, fruit, cheese, wine, bread, meat), restaurant and bars. The flat comprises a living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and a kitchen. The view of the canal is very beautiful and relaxing and the neighborhood is nice and very central. You will have access to all the amenities of the flat: kitchen, washing machine, bathroom. I will provide clean linen, towels, soap and shampoo and toilet paper. I will welcome you and give you some info about the flat and the neighborhood, but then I will leave you on your own in the flat. The canal Saint Martin is a charming place in all seasons. You can enjoy a beautiful walk south towards Bastille and the Seine, or North towards La Villette. Close to metro. 10 mn walk to Gare du Nord (for Northern France, Belgium, London), where the RER B takes you to Roissy Airport. 10 mn walk to Gare de l'
8061	This 2-room apartment, located on the 2nd floor of a gorgeous stone building, features everything you need for comfort and convenience : new bathroom fixtures, fully equipped kitchen, washing machine. The modern decor was designed and selected with care, down to the smallest detail. The bedding is extremely comfortable. All the comforts of home with all the style of a classy hotel suite!	This charming 2 room flat sleeps up to 3 people and features everything you need for comfort and convenience. This 2-room apartment, located on the 2nd floor of a gorgeous stone building, features everything you need for comfort and convenience : new bathroom fixtures, fully equipped kitchen, washing machine. The modern decor was designed and selected with care, down to the smallest detail. The bedding is extremely comfortable. All the comforts of home with all the style of a classy hotel suite!
8062	Ideally located in central Paris, this apartment offers a high quality service: apartment modern decor, HDTVs, appliances and baby equipment. Perfect for a trip to Paris for a family, group of friends or just a couple wanting a nice place to spend a good time in Paris. The service includes bed linen and towels. ***The apartment  The apartment is bright (triple exposure) and is located in a quiet street. The apartment, renovated, consists of 3 rooms (2 bedrooms, 1 living / dining room) It includes - A spacious lounge / dining room with (35 m²): sofa (bed 140 * 200), dining table, TV FULL HD (46 '/ 117 cm), dvd / blu ray player, fiber optic internet / wifi 100 MB, Playstation 3 - A large master bedroom with a queen size bed with comfortable mattress (160 * 200) with a convertible fireside (190 * 80) and storage - A large room with a double bed with comfortable mattress (140 * 200) and a trundle bed converts into a double bed or twin bed with comfortable mattress (90 or 180 * 200) - A ful	Spend a few days like Parisians. Located very closely to Canal St Martin and Marais, easy access to 7 lines of subway (go to major sites in a few minutes) You will be really surprised by the district, with all necessary shops nearby. Ideally located in central Paris, this apartment offers a high quality service: apartment modern decor, HDTVs, appliances and baby equipment. Perfect for a trip to Paris for a family, group of friends or just a couple wanting a nice place to spend a good time in Paris. The service includes bed linen and towels. ***The apartment  The apartment is bright (triple exposure) and is located in a quiet street. The apartment, renovated, consists of 3 rooms (2 bedrooms, 1 living / dining room) It includes - A spacious lounge / dining room with (35 m²): sofa (bed 140 * 200), dining table, TV FULL HD (46 '/ 117 cm), dvd / blu ray player, fiber optic internet / wifi 100 MB, Playstation 3 - A large master bedroom with a queen size bed with comfortable mattress (160 * 2
8063		In a very quiet street, 50 meters far from République square offering 5 tube lines and very close to the Canal St Martin. I offer a bedroom 16 sq m in a Flat 95 sq m + terrace 20 sq m, scd floor, lift ; large living, dining,  Very easy to visit Paris You could use bathroom, dining room and living room. Kitchen, only for breakfast.
8064	Situated on the first floor on courtyard, the apartment of 30m2 consists of a bedroom, a living room (with sofa bed), of a separate kitchen and a bathroom. The kitchen is completely equipped and have a washing machine. Apartment welcoming, quiet and very pleasant to live.	Nice little 2-room apartment situated in the center of Paris, quiet and well fitted out.  Located in 5 min of the Sacré Coeur and in 300meters of the Gare du Nord railway station. Situated on the first floor on courtyard, the apartment of 30m2 consists of a bedroom, a living room (with sofa bed), of a separate kitchen and a bathroom. The kitchen is completely equipped and have a washing machine. Apartment welcoming, quiet and very pleasant to live. - WIFI - washing machine - coffee machine, kettle - hairdryer - iron You can send me message when you want during the stay. The neighbourhood is ideally situated, nearby immediate (5 min on foot) places of interest of the Sacré Coeur, the quarter Pigalle and Montmarte. A lot of means of transport to move easily and everywhere in Paris. A lot of small shops and bar/restaurants. - subway line 2 - Barbès station (200 mètres) - Gare du Nord railway train station (300 mètres) - A lot of bus lines: (phone number hidden) There isn't door between th
8065		Located in the center of Paris in one of the trendiest and arty place near Marais, Beaubourg... This little flat will offer you, one lounge, an open kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom with a bathtub. 4th and last floor, sun all day, WIFI connection.
8066	Large, calm and welcoming space a masters bedroom, and a sofa-bed	"lovely 60meters loft Close to gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord Ground floor in a quiet street Nice neighborhood with several bars and restaurants Large, calm and welcoming space a masters bedroom, and a sofa-bed You can access the whole place We are available for any kind of information, help, advices, accompaniment... A quiet little street in a lively district (rue du Fbg St Denis)  Many bars, restaurants, theaters... A few blocks away from the ""Grands Boulevards"" All transports of the capital converge at the stations of Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est : Velib', Metro, bus, Noctiliens... We speak french, english and spanish"
8067	Beau deux pièces, grand séjour avec cuisine ouverte sur salon. Cuisine équipée.  Chambre spacieuse et lumineuse.	Beau deux pièces de 33m2 au coeur du quartier de Strasbourg Saint Denis et proche de la Gare du Nord. Calme et lumineux, parfait pour un weekend au coeur de Paris. Beau deux pièces, grand séjour avec cuisine ouverte sur salon. Cuisine équipée.  Chambre spacieuse et lumineuse. Vous aurez accès au quartier de Strasbourg Saint Denis, vivant et festif. Proche de Bastille et de Montmartre, vous serez près du tout Paris Nous pourrons communiquer, par mail, par message à n'importe quel moment. Quartier vivant, mais appartement sur cour donc calme.  De multiples petits bars font le charme du quartier, ainsi que la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis et de ces charmants petits commerçants. Accès métro :  Bonne nouvelle, ligne 9 et 8. Strasbourg Saint Denis, ligne 4, 9, 8
8068		Studio fonctionnel dans un quartier agréable, à mi chemin entre le Canal Saint Martin et le parc des Buttes Chaumont. Egalement à dix minutes à pieds de République. Appartement de 15m² propre et refait à neuf, métro Belleville et Colonel Fabien ! Proche de toutes commodités tel que supermarchés, bars, restaurants... Je serais à disposition des voyageurs pour toutes demandes. Métro Belleville : ligne 11. Métro Colonel Fabien : ligne 2.
8069	The apartment can welcome up to 2 guests. It consists in one spacious room, a fully equiped “American” kitchen and one bathroom. You will be sleeping in the comfy sofa bed provided with fresh linen.	Make the most of your stay in Paris and live the typical parisian life in this cosy flat located in the most trendy area of Paris !  My bright flat is located in a quiet building and provides you with comfortable equipment. 5' walk from metro. The apartment can welcome up to 2 guests. It consists in one spacious room, a fully equiped “American” kitchen and one bathroom. You will be sleeping in the comfy sofa bed provided with fresh linen. You will have full access to the equipment: wireless internet, washing machine, kitchen, bathroom (bathtube,WC and hair-dryer). Towels will be provided.  As it’s my every-day home, I let you borrow anything you need, but also put it back before leaving! At your arrival, I will show you the studio and explain how things work. During your stay, I will remain reachable by phone if needed. Staying at my apartment for a few days will make you feel like living typical local Parisian life !  The studio is at the heart of the trendy street, rue du Faubourg Sa
8070	Furnished with minimalist design, you will enjoy a small but perfect place for  a couple.  Nice feature for a warm summer: the courtyard keeps the flat fresh and enjoyable even during the hottest days.	Best place to feel like a real Parisian ! Anna and I will be pleased to welcome you in our quiet typical classic 19th century studio (wooden floor and fireplace).  You will enjoy the many books (mostly in French) art and music we love to live with. Furnished with minimalist design, you will enjoy a small but perfect place for  a couple.  Nice feature for a warm summer: the courtyard keeps the flat fresh and enjoyable even during the hottest days. We will be present to welcome you and suggest the best spots around. We love our friendly and vivid neighborhood ! Walking distance to cool bars and shops on trendy Canal St Martin (10min), exciting Barbes (5min) or relaxed rue des Martyrs (10min). Don't want to go that far ? You will also find amazing Thierry Breton empire next door (delicious french food at Michel and Casimir - don't miss the amazing brunch on the weekends!) or just try some classic french finger food and a glass of wine at Pointe du Grouin. 2min walk from Gare du Nord (TGV,
8071		Joli petit Studio rue LaFayette, de 16m2, situé en plein coeur de Paris. Equipé d'un petit coin cuisine, d'une salle de bain douche, et d'une fenêtre donnant sur la cour, c'est un pied à terre proche de tout, idéal pour séjourner dans la capitale. Les 16 m2 entiers sont à votre disposition!!!! Je reste joignable et disponible dans la mesure du raisonnable durant votre séjour. Si vous avez besoin d'un renseignement, d'un tuyau sur les environs, ou autre, pas de souci, sms ou appel. Mon studio est situé Rue LaFayette, oui oui, comme dans le Monopoly!  Vous disposez de tout à proximité: Restaurants grec, japonais, chinois, éthiopien, mauricien, SubWay etc... Banques et bureau de poste, Police, Librairie, Fleuriste, Primeur, Boulangeries, Boucheries, Poissonnier, Petits commerces, bazars et autres. Supermarchés Franprix, Picard, Dia, Carrefour. Le canal Saint Martin, où il fait bon se poser durant les beaux jours, est à deux pas. Un petit quartier de Paris très sympa, vivant et accueillant
8072	"This bedroom is located in my typical parisian apartment: tiny and cosy. It's furnished with a ""fifty's"" design. I like it very much but, of course, it is not a Palace :) "	"This bedroom is located in my typical parisian apartment: tiny and cosy. It's furnished with a ""fifty's"" design. I like it very much but, of course, it is not a Palace :) It counts all the commodities needed for a couple of travelers:  -a queen size bed, with a memory-foam mattress, fresh linens, blankets and duvet -a bathroom with a small bathtub, hairdryer and clean towels  -separate toilets -a balcony furnished with 2 chairs an a table (I looooooooove having breakfast or dinner there !) -a kitchen with a table to eat, 2 gas cooktop, fridge, freezer, nespresso coffee machine, oven and micro-wave, boiler and all utensils to cook. There is also a washing machine for the laundry. The apartment is on the second floor. There is a lift and 2 security entrance codes (anyway, the area is really safe). The caretaker and her family know the apartment well, they are really helpfull and living on the ground floor.  Feel free to contact me if you have any question that could help you prepare your"
8073	2-rooms appartment just in front of the famous REX ( famous cinema in Paris) and next to Grands boulevards;  and shopping streets :Lafayette and Printemps shops are 10 minutes away from tthe appartment and reachable by foot. It is composed of 1 bedroom + 1 living room with open kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. 2 Metro stations directly in front of the building: Ligne 8, 9. Ligne 4 is also very close ( station Strasbourg Saint-Denis) The appartment is very calm as it is located in a back-yard. The appartment is also 10 minutes away from Gare du nord and Gare de l'est.  Ideal place to Eurostar and Airport CDG ( It has the train 'RER-B' which directly links with the Airport Charle-du-Gaulle and it has many TGVs to many europe countries and EUROSTART to London).	Located in the heart of Paris, next ot the metro station Bonne Nouvelle, just in front of the famous REX. 2-rooms appartment ideal for a couple to spend a few days in Paris. Very Calm, as it is in the backyard. 2-rooms appartment just in front of the famous REX ( famous cinema in Paris) and next to Grands boulevards;  and shopping streets :Lafayette and Printemps shops are 10 minutes away from tthe appartment and reachable by foot. It is composed of 1 bedroom + 1 living room with open kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. 2 Metro stations directly in front of the building: Ligne 8, 9. Ligne 4 is also very close ( station Strasbourg Saint-Denis) The appartment is very calm as it is located in a back-yard. The appartment is also 10 minutes away from Gare du nord and Gare de l'est.  Ideal place to Eurostar and Airport CDG ( It has the train 'RER-B' which directly links with the Airport Charle-du-Gaulle and it has many TGVs to many europe countries and EUROSTART to London). -Internet - TV wi
8074	My place is very central and nicely furnished, so I am sure it will be the perfect spot to visit Paris during your week-ends or holidays. It is a one-room flat on 4th floor (no elevator, but not too high). The apartment has be refurbished 1 year ago, so it is very clean, and the kitchen and bathroom are brand new. It has a big window on a interior garden, so it is very luminous (sun in the afternoon) and very quiet (only birds'song). I am very attached to atmosphere, and I have tried to make my place a very cosy and chilled spot. I have studied Art history myself, and I get it shows in the decoration of the walls.	Cosy, sunny one-room flat just besides the Canal St Martin in a very lively area with a lot of restaurants, bars and boutique. Ideal for a couple or two friends. Nicely decorated, all-equiped kitchen, clean bathroom with toilets and shower, sofa bed. My place is very central and nicely furnished, so I am sure it will be the perfect spot to visit Paris during your week-ends or holidays. It is a one-room flat on 4th floor (no elevator, but not too high). The apartment has be refurbished 1 year ago, so it is very clean, and the kitchen and bathroom are brand new. It has a big window on a interior garden, so it is very luminous (sun in the afternoon) and very quiet (only birds'song). I am very attached to atmosphere, and I have tried to make my place a very cosy and chilled spot. I have studied Art history myself, and I get it shows in the decoration of the walls. You will be provided with fresh towels and sheets. You will be able to access free WiFi. You will be also be allowed to use the
8075	Nid douillet très chaleureux, mobilier contemporain pouvant accueillir 1 couple. 3ème étage AVEC ascenseur.  Il possède: -le WIFI -un canapé-lit -une table à manger -une baignoire  -WC indépendants -une machine à laver séchante. -2 plaques électriques  -four ménagère. Appartement très vitré mais qui peut être occultable entièrement pour les personnes désireuses d'obscurité. Proche de la gare de l'Est et de la gare du Nord. 	 Beau T1 chaleureux et douillet se situant Canal saint Martin. Il peut loger un couple. Il se trouve au pied du métro Bonsergent (1 station de République) et Vélib'. Tout à proximité: resto, brunch, commerces, parc, canal, cinéma à 700m.    Nid douillet très chaleureux, mobilier contemporain pouvant accueillir 1 couple. 3ème étage AVEC ascenseur.  Il possède: -le WIFI -un canapé-lit -une table à manger -une baignoire  -WC indépendants -une machine à laver séchante. -2 plaques électriques  -four ménagère. Appartement très vitré mais qui peut être occultable entièrement pour les personnes désireuses d'obscurité. Proche de la gare de l'Est et de la gare du Nord.  L'appartement se trouve aux pieds de la station Bonsergent (Ligne 5) dans le 10ème arrondissement, proche des gares de l'Est, du Nord et de la place de la République (qui dessert 5 lignes de métro) Proximité de vélib et d'une station taxi.  Le canal saint martin est à 200m. Il n'y a qu'à voir l'affluence les dimanches d'été pour 
8076	L'appartement est très confortable, la cuisine refaite à neuf. Il est ensoleillé toute la journée et la vue du balcon est très agréable. On peut y loger à 3 confortablement (lit deux places + canapé-lit 2 places). 	En plein coeur de Paris, deux pièces (30m2) au sixième étage avec balcon donnant sur le Canal St Martin. Très lumineux, entièrement refait à neuf et bien décoré, il est idéal pour un couple seul ou avec un enfant. L'appartement est très confortable, la cuisine refaite à neuf. Il est ensoleillé toute la journée et la vue du balcon est très agréable. On peut y loger à 3 confortablement (lit deux places + canapé-lit 2 places). De nombreux restaurants, boutiques, cafés sont directement au pied de l'immeuble avec de jolies terrasses en face du canal.  Etant placé en plein centre de Paris, il est possible de faire beaucoup de chose à pied: Le marais à 10min... Selon les périodes je serais présente pour vous remettre les clés en personne ou une amie s'en chargera, vous pourrez me joindre à tout moment par mail ou sur mon téléphone pour plus d'informations.. Métro Republique, Jacques Bonsergent et Gare de l'Est La caution (sous forme de chèque) ne sera bien sur pas encaissé sauf problème majeu
8077	Petit nid douillet avec tout le confort, en plein coeur de Paris. L'appartement fait un peu plus de 40 m2, il est très bien agencé et permet d'accueillir aisément une petite famille (un couple et un enfant ou deux). 	Petit nid douillet avec tout le confort, en plein coeur de Paris. L'appartement fait un peu plus de 40 m2, il est très bien agencé et permet d'accueillir aisément une petite famille (un couple et un enfant ou deux).  Le quartier est l'un des plus vivants de Paris, populaire et chaleureux, et très sûr le jour comme la nuit. Le canal Saint-Martin est à deux pas, où l'on peut flâner, pique-niquer, et plus encore le dimanche quand il est fermé à la circulation. Tous commerces à proximité, des magasins de prêt-à-porter chic au primeur du coin. Tous transports urbains, metro, bus, velib' La gare de l'est est toute proche.
8078	We've just bought this apartment. It's our nest. We decorated and furnished to our taste with originality: tradition, vintage and modern... and it works well! We did it comfortable for us who love to cook, welcome our friends and relax. We would be happy to welcome you.	80 sq meters, original duplex apartment,10th district, next to a typical market (40m), charming, quiet, very central. Close to a metro station (line7,5,4),many buses and bike stations. Nice parquet, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, linens provided!  We've just bought this apartment. It's our nest. We decorated and furnished to our taste with originality: tradition, vintage and modern... and it works well! We did it comfortable for us who love to cook, welcome our friends and relax. We would be happy to welcome you. Internet, 2 beds with linens, bathroom and towels, a nice kitchen and everything to make good meals. We also provide many guide books in Paris to discover Paris!  Only 1 restriction: No Party...  We welcome our hosts. In english, spanish and french of course. We provide them advices and recommandations for the best restaurants and time out. We help them if necessary to plan their trip in Paris.  Our neighborhood is one of the best place to be in Paris at this moment. The ar
8079	Nice and typical Parisian appartment (55 m²), Parking included and very close to subways  and the mystical canal de l'Ourcq/saint martin with its nice restaurants, shops and bars. Kitchen: Well furnished(Nespresso coffee machine for coffee lovers) Living Room: Very cosy with leather sofas  a Home Cinema  with access to cable and other services (Xbox One, Netflix, Canal +, Be IN). Sleeping: A very comfy bed for two in the sleeping room, adjustable electrically . Mattress for two in the living room	A lovely appartment with parking and closes to shops, the mystical canal saint martin and  3 metro lines that can take way everywhere. In the appartment you'll find a very quite bedroom and a lovely living room with a bed for two. Wifi, home cinema Nice and typical Parisian appartment (55 m²), Parking included and very close to subways  and the mystical canal de l'Ourcq/saint martin with its nice restaurants, shops and bars. Kitchen: Well furnished(Nespresso coffee machine for coffee lovers) Living Room: Very cosy with leather sofas  a Home Cinema  with access to cable and other services (Xbox One, Netflix, Canal +, Be IN). Sleeping: A very comfy bed for two in the sleeping room, adjustable electrically . Mattress for two in the living room 3 Metro lines (2,5, 7) 2 min from the appartment + 10 min by feet from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'est I'll be happy to give you any tips about the nice bars/restaurants in the arrondissement or Paris in general. It's in a very cool area, full of lit
8080	the flat is big for 4 people, with 2 bedroom, One with bunk bed. 1 big livingroom with a confortable sofa,  big kitchen, shower room... The whole flat. Free Wifi, bed linen, Towels Nice district, lots of shops, Organic shops, Market, Theatre, cinema... 	Au pied de la Porte Saint Denis Paris 10e, en plein centre, calme et spacieux. Idéal pour découvrir Paris, à deux pas des théâtres, commerces, et moyens de transport. Métros: lignes 4, 8, 9, stations Strasbourg Saint-Denis ou Bonne Nouvelle. the flat is big for 4 people, with 2 bedroom, One with bunk bed. 1 big livingroom with a confortable sofa,  big kitchen, shower room... The whole flat. Free Wifi, bed linen, Towels Nice district, lots of shops, Organic shops, Market, Theatre, cinema... Near Opéra, les Halles, the Seine river, Canal Saint Martin, the Louvre, Palais Royal, République, Saint Michel, Centre Pompidou, Bastille... Access to major transportation Metro: 4, 8, 9 lines downstairs . Bikes: 1 bike 1 min walking. 
8081	Ce logement est un vrai petit cocon pour être au calme et se détendre en plein centre ville Parisien. Il mêle le charme de l'ancien et modernité, puisqu'il a été refait à neuf récemment. Il est tout équipé et décoré avec gout.  Parquet au sol, plantes vertes, gros canapé d'angle bien confortable pour s'étaler dedans :) This flat is typically parisian, mixing the incredible charm of Haussman buildings with modern material.  The room is cosy and very bright,  This place is perfect to rest in the center of Paris, close from all the comodities and the subway station Strasbourg Saint Denis.	Nous vous proposons une chambre tout confort avec lit double et belle fenêtre, dans un appartement refait à neuf dans un bel immeuble haussmannien. Belle pièce à vivres sur cuisine ouverte, parquet au sol, grandes fenêtres.  Cosy room in cosy flat Ce logement est un vrai petit cocon pour être au calme et se détendre en plein centre ville Parisien. Il mêle le charme de l'ancien et modernité, puisqu'il a été refait à neuf récemment. Il est tout équipé et décoré avec gout.  Parquet au sol, plantes vertes, gros canapé d'angle bien confortable pour s'étaler dedans :) This flat is typically parisian, mixing the incredible charm of Haussman buildings with modern material.  The room is cosy and very bright,  This place is perfect to rest in the center of Paris, close from all the comodities and the subway station Strasbourg Saint Denis. Vous aurez accès à tout le logement sauf la chambre de ma colocataire :)  Access to all rooms except my roomate's room :) Vous aurez à votre disposition plan d
8082		New listing ! Bright & quiet 46 sq.m. apartment in flowery courtyard, your private countryside in central Paris ... Near Les Halles, South Pigalle, Grands Boulevards, Sentier, Canal Saint-Martin, République, Marais. 1 bedroom + 140 cm sofa bed in liv
8083		Studio charmant proche du Canal St Martin, metro Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) et Goncourt (ligne 11). Tout équipé, neuf, calme et lumineux. Commerces proches. Metro Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) à 2min a pied, metro Goncourt (ligne 11), 10min a pied, metro république, 15min a pied. 5min à pied du Canal St Martin, 15min de république.
8084		Located in the heat of old Paris, this cute apartment will allow you to discover easily the city by foot rue du Faubourg saint Denis is a lively area with many fashionable restaurants, businesses of mouths,caterers, dairymen
8085	Grande chambre avec lit double dans un charmant appartement rénové, tout équipé, à proximité des transports en commun (100 mètres du métro La Chapelle). Toutes commodités à moins de 200 mètres. Appartement au design moderne, refait à neuf dans une copropriété calme et très bien entretenue. Grande chambre avec lit double dans un charmant appartement rénové, tout équipé, à proximité des transports en commun (100 mètres du métro La Chapelle). Toutes commodités à moins de 200 mètres. Appartement au design moderne, refait à neuf dans une copropriété calme et très bien entretenue. Cuisine toute équipée. Possibilité d'utiliser la machine à laver. Appartement propre, neuf et confortable. 100 mètres du métro La Chapelle ( lignes 2 et 7). 200 mètres de la Gare du Nord (RER B et D) Possibilité de passer du temps avec un des locataires en fonction des disponibilités. Personnes ouvertes et bilingues anglais. Quartier animé, toutes commodités à proximité. Stations La Chapelle, sur la ligne 2 (100m) 	Comfortable private double bedroom in a clean recently renovated apartment. 5 mn away from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est (on foot), easy to find and close to all commodities: restaurants, supermarket and post office.  Grande chambre avec lit double dans un charmant appartement rénové, tout équipé, à proximité des transports en commun (100 mètres du métro La Chapelle). Toutes commodités à moins de 200 mètres. Appartement au design moderne, refait à neuf dans une copropriété calme et très bien entretenue. Grande chambre avec lit double dans un charmant appartement rénové, tout équipé, à proximité des transports en commun (100 mètres du métro La Chapelle). Toutes commodités à moins de 200 mètres. Appartement au design moderne, refait à neuf dans une copropriété calme et très bien entretenue. Cuisine toute équipée. Possibilité d'utiliser la machine à laver. Appartement propre, neuf et confortable. 100 mètres du métro La Chapelle ( lignes 2 et 7). 200 mètres de la Gare du Nord (RER B et D)
8086	Amazing little studio of 12 square meters only but everything has been optimized with air-conditioned . A water room includes the toilet, the shower and a sink A little cooking space not for great cooking, just to cook some pasta, rice ... and a microwaves. A comfortable room with a lot of cupboards and a comfortable bed for 2 adults. 6th floor without elevator but the steps are not tiring. Sunny, quiet, with a view on a leafy courtyard and on Paris roofs. Full of advantages ! Incroyable studette de seulement de 12 mètres carrés où tout a été optimisé qui dispose de l'air conditionné. Une pièce d’eau regroupe les toilettes, le douche et l’évier. Un petit coin de cuisson, pas u la grande cuisine, pour faire cuire des pâtes, du riz ..., Une chambre confortable avec beaucoup de placards et un lit confortable pour 2 adultes. 6ème étage sans ascenseur, mais les étapes ne sont pas fatigantes. Ensoleillé, calme, avec vue sur une cour arborée et sur les toits de Paris. Beaucoup d'avantages !	Studette au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, dans un quartier animé, sur une cour calme avec vue sur les toits parisiens. Petit espace optimisé, très bien agencé, climatisé pour un séjour à Paris dans des conditions idéales. Toutes commodités à proximité. Amazing little studio of 12 square meters only but everything has been optimized with air-conditioned . A water room includes the toilet, the shower and a sink A little cooking space not for great cooking, just to cook some pasta, rice ... and a microwaves. A comfortable room with a lot of cupboards and a comfortable bed for 2 adults. 6th floor without elevator but the steps are not tiring. Sunny, quiet, with a view on a leafy courtyard and on Paris roofs. Full of advantages ! Incroyable studette de seulement de 12 mètres carrés où tout a été optimisé qui dispose de l'air conditionné. Une pièce d’eau regroupe les toilettes, le douche et l’évier. Un petit coin de cuisson, pas u la grande cuisine, pour faire cuire des pâtes, du riz ..., Une c
8087	Chambre spacieuse a louer dans un bel appartement Haussmannien. Le quartier est branché et vivant, la chambre est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. Lumineux, la vue de la chambre donne sur un parc et le fameux canal Saint-Martin. Tous les commerces se trouvent à proximités.Vous pouvez satisfaire toute vos envie! Velib en bas de la maison!       	Chambre spacieuse a louer dans un bel appartement Haussmannien. Le quartier est branché et vivant, la chambre est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. Lumineux, la vue de la chambre donne sur un parc et le fameux canal Saint-Martin. Tous les commerces se trouvent à proximités.Vous pouvez satisfaire toute vos envie! Velib en bas de la maison!       
8088	L'appartement convient bien à une famille, ou à un groupe d'amis.  Le séjour et la chambre communiquent mais ont aussi chacun un accès au couloir, ce qui préserve l'indépendance et l'intimité des parents et de leurs enfants ou de deux couples. La cuisine a un coin/repas pour 4/5 personnes. Un équipement pour bébé, (lit, chaise haute et poussette canne) peut être mis à disposition sur demande. La salle de bains est petite mais dispose d'une baignoire, et les toilettes sont séparées.	Appartement calme et clair (séjour, chambre, cuisine/coin repas), au 3ème étage (ascenseur), près du centre, bien desservi (métro et bus), dans un quartier vivant et agréable (canal St Martin, parc), avec toutes les commodités (commerces...), L'appartement convient bien à une famille, ou à un groupe d'amis.  Le séjour et la chambre communiquent mais ont aussi chacun un accès au couloir, ce qui préserve l'indépendance et l'intimité des parents et de leurs enfants ou de deux couples. La cuisine a un coin/repas pour 4/5 personnes. Un équipement pour bébé, (lit, chaise haute et poussette canne) peut être mis à disposition sur demande. La salle de bains est petite mais dispose d'une baignoire, et les toilettes sont séparées. Vous disposerez de linge de toilette, draps, machine à laver et sécher le linge, sèche-cheveux ... l'appartement est équipé pour l'accès à internet (y compris en wifi), et à la TNT Je serai là pour vous accueillir et vous donner les renseignements nécessaires au bon dér
8089	Disponible à la location (week-end, semaine, mois... voir calendrier). Toutes charges comprises. Agréable deux-pièces de 43 m2, refait à neuf en 2009, entièrement meublé et équipé. Au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur). Entrée, séjour, chambre ouverte sur salle d'eau (douche à l'italienne), cuisine aménagée indépendante (possibilité d'y manger à trois), WC indépendant. Parquet, chauffage central au gaz, double vitrage, rangements, Wi-fi, réfrigérateur, mini four, 2 plaques gaz, lave-linge, TV. Possibilité de fournir le linge de maison. Idéal pour un couple, même avec un enfant, désirant séjourner sur Paris.  --------------- Lovely two-room flat, 43 m2. Refurbished 2009, fully equipped. 2nd floor without lift. Living room, double bedroom with washbasin and shower corner (italian-style shower), independent fitted kitchen (with dining corner for 3), independent toilets. Old-style parquet, gas central heating, double glazing, storage, wi-fi, fridge, mini oven, 2 gas cooktops, washing machine, TV.	Disponible à la location (week-end, semaine, mois... voir calendrier). Toutes charges comprises. Agréable deux-pièces de 43 m2, refait à neuf en 2009, entièrement meublé et équipé. Au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur). Entrée, séjour, chambre ouverte sur salle d'eau (douche à l'italienne), cuisine aménagée indépendante (possibilité d'y manger à trois), WC indépendant. Parquet, chauffage central au gaz, double vitrage, rangements, Wi-fi, réfrigérateur, mini four, 2 plaques gaz, lave-linge, TV. Possibilité de fournir le linge de maison. Idéal pour un couple, même avec un enfant, désirant séjourner sur Paris.  --------------- Lovely two-room flat, 43 m2. Refurbished 2009, fully equipped. 2nd floor without lift. Living room, double bedroom with washbasin and shower corner (italian-style shower), independent fitted kitchen (with dining corner for 3), independent toilets. Old-style parquet, gas central heating, double glazing, storage, wi-fi, fridge, mini oven, 2 gas cooktops, washing machine, TV.
8090	Compact studio located in Republique, in the center of Paris. It is on the 6th floor, with no elevator. Consider it your daily workout!	Lovely compact studio flat in the best Paris neighbourhood Compact studio located in Republique, in the center of Paris. It is on the 6th floor, with no elevator. Consider it your daily workout! Fully equipped with all the modern amenities: microwave, dishwasher, fridge, washing machine, oven, electrical stove, TV, wifi internet. The sofa bed turns into a comfortable bed for 2 people. A small bathroom is equipped with a shower, sink. The toilet is also located in the bathroom, inside the studio. Towels and bed linen are provided. I remain available for my guests throughout their stay via email or phone. Neighbourhood is great!  All the cool bars and restaurants of Paris are within walking distance, the Canal Saint-Martin is just 5 minutes away, while the Marais is just 10 minutes walk. Live a true Parisian life by enjoying the 10th arrondissement, home of Chez Jeanette, Nanashi, PNY, Allen's Market, Bob's Juice Bar and all the cute cafes of rue des Vinaigriers and rue Lucien Sampaix. P
8091	The flat is fully equiped.	Lovely flat, in the 10th discrict close to all kind of public transporations, two steps away from the Canal St Martin !  You can exprience the mood of a typically parisian neighborhoud, quiet and full of life ! The flat is fully equiped. I'll be there to wellcome you and answer all your questions about the flat but also about the neighborhood. I'll also be there when you'll leave the flat and during your stay you'll be able to join me anytime  in case of need ! During your stay you'll be able to join me anytime  in case of need.   I mooved in this area 17 years ago and I'm a big fan of the 10th discrict so it will be my pleasure to give you some advices or good adress there or in Paris. Around the flat : bakeries, boucheries, supermarket, resaurants, take away etc...  You have everything you could wish just down the appartment !  It's a familly neighboorhood but at night, when the wather is fine, the canal turn into a festive place veru safe, peoples are having pic-nics on the sides of
8092	Hello & Welcome ! Ideal for a romantic trip! Please feel at home in my charming and cozy apartment. Enjoy your stay in my place on 2nd floor, 30 m2 (320 sq ft): a bedroom, a living room with a full-equiped kitchen and modern using induction cooker. Relax ... Linen and towels are provided. Washing machine, TV, Free access Internet, speakers plugged iPod, hairdryer.. Use candle lights and burn incense while taking a hot shower after a busy day visiting Paris. Discover a friendly, lively and typical parisian neighborhood,  Many restaurants and markets around. 2 Supermarkets located 1 block from the building (open everyday). The very central location is perfect to visit the city. Near a lot of subway stations ( Goncourt Line 11, Belleville Line 2, République Lines 3, 5,  8, 9, 11 ), very easy access from CDG Airport and Gare du Nord International train station. Just a few minutes walk away from the Canal Saint Martin and the famous Place de La République. It takes about 10 minutes to walk 	"- ""Perfect location, only 2 minute walk from metro and from the lovely Canal St Martin area with lots of lovely bars and cafes. The apartment is very clean and has everything you need, and Jean is a very helpful and prompt host. Highly recommended!""- Hello & Welcome ! Ideal for a romantic trip! Please feel at home in my charming and cozy apartment. Enjoy your stay in my place on 2nd floor, 30 m2 (320 sq ft): a bedroom, a living room with a full-equiped kitchen and modern using induction cooker. Relax ... Linen and towels are provided. Washing machine, TV, Free access Internet, speakers plugged iPod, hairdryer.. Use candle lights and burn incense while taking a hot shower after a busy day visiting Paris. Discover a friendly, lively and typical parisian neighborhood,  Many restaurants and markets around. 2 Supermarkets located 1 block from the building (open everyday). The very central location is perfect to visit the city. Near a lot of subway stations ( Goncourt Line 11, Belleville Lin"
8093		We are renting a beautifull bedroom  whith view on the Eiffel Tower, Sacre Coeur, Montparnass.. The flat is 65M2, 1 bedroom, huge living room, seperate bathroom and a moderne kitchen for you to enjoy! The area is beautiful, near Canal St Martin. Wifi Living room and kitchen with all utilities :  - Washing machine - Dish washer  - Oven - Fridge and freezer - Xbox One    We're an international couple and we've been living in Paris for a few years now, we are happy to share our experiences and local addresses. Very lively and diversed!  Lots of bars and cafés. Metro Goncourt or République Bus : 46 and 75
8094	It's a fold out couch in our living room (30 square meters), just next to the Place de la République, so you can take advantage of Paris for a small price. The apartment is spatious, so although privacy is limited as there is no door that closes the living room off from the rest of the apartment (the living room opens into the hallway), it is fully possible to live together without getting in each other's way !  There is a nice bathroom. Towels are lended. No breakfast is included but you are welcome to use the kitchen and there are some very good bakeries close by - one of which is supposed to be one of Paris' best and is at the end of the street ! Sheets and pillows are also included.  	Hi,  For those who want to visit Paris, I can offer our fold out couch in the living room (30 sq m) !  The apartment is located between place de la République and the Canal St Martin ! It's a fold out couch in our living room (30 square meters), just next to the Place de la République, so you can take advantage of Paris for a small price. The apartment is spatious, so although privacy is limited as there is no door that closes the living room off from the rest of the apartment (the living room opens into the hallway), it is fully possible to live together without getting in each other's way !  There is a nice bathroom. Towels are lended. No breakfast is included but you are welcome to use the kitchen and there are some very good bakeries close by - one of which is supposed to be one of Paris' best and is at the end of the street ! Sheets and pillows are also included.  Feel free to ask any questions you may have !  I was born in Paris and I love my city, so it would be quite a pleasure
8095	My apartment is a lovely one bedroom, sunny apartment in the center of Paris, on the Canal St. Martin. It is 40 square meters with an equipped kitchen, a spacious shower, washing machine and live-in guardian. There is wifi and a nice sound system. Built in about 1900, it has all the charms of an old Parisian building. There is a very comfortable double bed and the couch is long/large enough to sleep one adult comfortably. There are several metro stops within walking distance, but the closest is Rébublique, one of the city's main hubs. It is also close to the Gare du Nord, offering quick access to both airports. In brief, you can get anywhere easily from this location. The apartment is located right on the canal, where you can take nice walks or have a drink on one of the many terraces. In addition, you can just pop open a bottle and have a picnic on the canal, right in front of the building. The streets on the upper half of the canal is closed to traffic on Sundays so you can rent a ci	Very bright, comfortable and stylish apartment in the very central and beautiful Canal Saint Martin neighborhood. The building is right on the canal, between two charming foot bridges. There are many amazing bars and restaurants in the area. My apartment is a lovely one bedroom, sunny apartment in the center of Paris, on the Canal St. Martin. It is 40 square meters with an equipped kitchen, a spacious shower, washing machine and live-in guardian. There is wifi and a nice sound system. Built in about 1900, it has all the charms of an old Parisian building. There is a very comfortable double bed and the couch is long/large enough to sleep one adult comfortably. There are several metro stops within walking distance, but the closest is Rébublique, one of the city's main hubs. It is also close to the Gare du Nord, offering quick access to both airports. In brief, you can get anywhere easily from this location. The apartment is located right on the canal, where you can take nice walks or hav
8096	Style loft, appartement pour 4 personnes lumineux, spacieux, très calme et fonctionnel.  Frais l'été,  situé au centre de Paris et proche de 3 lignes de métro (4, 9, 8).  This + 70 sq flat (type loft) is very pleasant and ideal for your stay in Paris. The flat is of a traditionnal Parisian building in the very quiet Rue des Petites écuries.  There is a large living room of + 35sqm with 2 couches (2 futon bed ), a 15sqm bedroom with a large dressing. A fully equipped open-kitchen and a bathroom with a bath tub and a separated toilets.  You can find -  a flat screen TV - wifi access - washing machine with dryer - refrigerator - dishwasher - coffee maker Ideal for 2 ,3 or 4 people. There is a double bed of 190x140cm in the bedroom, 2 futon bed of 90x190cm in the living room. Clean towels, shower gel, shampoo and a hair dryer are also available.	Charming flat/loft of 70sq meters in the district of Strasbourg Saint Denis, a few blocks from Le marais, Pompidou, République, Opéra, Canal St Martin A great and trendy district, surrounded by restaurants, art galleries, theaters and shopping areas. Style loft, appartement pour 4 personnes lumineux, spacieux, très calme et fonctionnel.  Frais l'été,  situé au centre de Paris et proche de 3 lignes de métro (4, 9, 8).  This + 70 sq flat (type loft) is very pleasant and ideal for your stay in Paris. The flat is of a traditionnal Parisian building in the very quiet Rue des Petites écuries.  There is a large living room of + 35sqm with 2 couches (2 futon bed ), a 15sqm bedroom with a large dressing. A fully equipped open-kitchen and a bathroom with a bath tub and a separated toilets.  You can find -  a flat screen TV - wifi access - washing machine with dryer - refrigerator - dishwasher - coffee maker Ideal for 2 ,3 or 4 people. There is a double bed of 190x140cm in the bedroom, 2 futon be
8097	Thanks to its nice location, you'll enjoy Paris by feet and be able to visit parisian famous Montmartre, Eiffet Tower.. 	Hello,  welcome to my charming appartment in the city center of Paris. You'll enjoy walking around and visit the most famous monuments like Le Louvre, Opera, Tuileries, Montmartre, Notre Dame by feet. Thanks to its nice location, you'll enjoy Paris by feet and be able to visit parisian famous Montmartre, Eiffet Tower.. My flat is 40 square meter. You will acces to a nice living room with american kitchen, a bedroom and bathroom. 2 subway stations Bonne nouvelle and Strasbourg st denis that will allow you to reach Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon or Gare du Nord stations in less than 25 minutes. Also shuttles to reach either Roissy or Orly airports are available not far away from my flat. 
8098	Flooded with light from large windows and skylights this home is just over 80 m2 (about 860 ft2) in size and has an elevator to the 6th (7th US) European floor. This flat is very quiet and peaceful. This Paris vacation duplex flat provides 3 bedrooms for up to six adults. It has a ‘piece de resistance' feature bed - A large round 6½ foot (2+ meters) diameter bed in the upper loft area which is a semi private with no door. This area is accessed by a large winding, easy to climb staircase with guard rails for the higher section - see photos. This bed is the equivalent of a large double size bed. Several sky lights with blackout shutters at night for sleeping, really open up the space. There is a second bedroom with a double bed that sleeps two people. Additionally, there is a small ‘niche’ type third bedroom, which is enclosed by a ‘glass-brick’ wall, has a window, although do note the door is only a heavy fabric curtain; not a wooden door (please see the picture). This small but comfort	Penthouse style loft with views out onto the hip new area everyone is buzzing about- the Canal Saint Martin neighborhood. Enjoy open sky views while you sit out on the terrace of this Paris vacation rental. Sleeps 6 guests maximum. Flooded with light from large windows and skylights this home is just over 80 m2 (about 860 ft2) in size and has an elevator to the 6th (7th US) European floor. This flat is very quiet and peaceful. This Paris vacation duplex flat provides 3 bedrooms for up to six adults. It has a ‘piece de resistance' feature bed - A large round 6½ foot (2+ meters) diameter bed in the upper loft area which is a semi private with no door. This area is accessed by a large winding, easy to climb staircase with guard rails for the higher section - see photos. This bed is the equivalent of a large double size bed. Several sky lights with blackout shutters at night for sleeping, really open up the space. There is a second bedroom with a double bed that sleeps two people. Addition
8099		Bel appartement lumineux de 85 m2 au 6ème et dernier étage - avec ascenseur - dans un immeuble Haussmanien. Il se compose de 3 chambres (1 parentale + 2 d’enfant), d’une salle de bain avec WC, d’un grand salon et d’une cuisine ouverte équipée. Situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et à proximité de Gare de L’Est, idéal pour profiter des ballades sur les quais de Valmy et de L’Ourcq, faire du shopping (centre de Paris à moins de 15 min. en métro), découvrir la place de la République et de la Bastille et pique niquer dans les parcs de La Villette et des Buttes Chaumont. Metro Ligne 7, 5 et 2 RER gare de l'Est et gare du Nord à 5 minutes à pied Arrêt de bus 26 au pied de l'immeuble
