21600	Vue sur les arènes de Lutèce et cour arborée Très lumineux : Orientation plein sud et 5° étage avec ascenseur. 	Deux-pièces chaleureux et confortable dans une petite rue pavée au coeur du quatier latin. L'orientation plein sud offre une belle lumière et  une vue sur les arènes de Lutèce. Profitez d'un pied à terre central pour vos escapades à pied ou en métro. Vue sur les arènes de Lutèce et cour arborée Très lumineux : Orientation plein sud et 5° étage avec ascenseur. Lit 2 places Cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle Salle à manger Rangements Toilettes Salle de bain avec baignoire Lavante séchante Bureau avec accès internet Home cinéma avec grand écran Je pense être présent sur Paris pendant une grande partie de l'été. L'âme de la rive gauche : culturelle, artistique, intellectuelle... L'histoire présente à chaque coin de rue : arène de Lutèce, Notre Dame,Panthéon, Quartier Mouffetard, les quais de Seine, la Sorbonne, les îles... Les lignes 10 et 7 sont au pied de l'immeuble. Depuis les aéroports : RER B jusqu'à St Michel puis ligne 10 jusque Cardinal Lemoine En voiture : Il est possible de gare
21601	Just been renovated. New bathroom, wooden floor. Charming Parisian apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Apartment is very quiet and the location is amazing - 5th arrondissement (district), metro Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) close to Saint Michel (with direct train to CDG airport).  A few minutes walk to Notre Dame (approximately 250 meters), Sorbonne University(300 meters), within St Germain des Près and more...   The apartment is fully furnished, on the 2nd  floor (no lift) and overlooking a courtyard.(no street noises).  It's a 2-bedroom flat with queen size beds, a living room, 1 bathroom with shower cabin, and a well equipped kitchen. Bed linen and towels are included.  At place Maubert is only a few meters from the apartment,  it is a typical french open-air market 3 times a week (mornings), selling  fresh  fruits, vegetables, cheese and other  regional products.   Not far away, you will find the Jardin des Plantes or the Jardin du Luxembourg. The Panthéon is a must-see, al	Just been renovated. New bathroom, wooden floor. Charming Parisian apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Apartment is very quiet and the location is amazing - 5th arrondissement (district), metro Maubert Mutualité (Line 10) close to Saint Michel (with direct train to CDG airport).  A few minutes walk to Notre Dame (approximately 250 meters), Sorbonne University(300 meters), within St Germain des Près and more...   The apartment is fully furnished, on the 2nd  floor (no lift) and overlooking a courtyard.(no street noises).  It's a 2-bedroom flat with queen size beds, a living room, 1 bathroom with shower cabin, and a well equipped kitchen. Bed linen and towels are included.  At place Maubert is only a few meters from the apartment,  it is a typical french open-air market 3 times a week (mornings), selling  fresh  fruits, vegetables, cheese and other  regional products.   Not far away, you will find the Jardin des Plantes or the Jardin du Luxembourg. The Panthéon is a must-see, al
21602	Two level ground floor apt featuring kitchen, living area (w/ pull out couch), bathroom, bedroom. In a gated alley on quiet street, only 2 blocks from Pantheon, minutes from major sites in the center of Paris..Area bustling with activity Two level ground floor apt featuring kitchen, living area (w/ pull out couch), bathroom, and downstairs bedroom. Gated, secure alley on quiet street in dead center of Paris, 2 blocks from Pantheon, min from Luxembourg, Notre Dame..Area bustling with cafes and restaurants Charming 40 square meter 2-level apartment. Kitchen, living room and bathroom upstairs and bedroom downstairs.  Kitchen – Our kitchen is fully equipped with a large fridge, convection oven and induction burner, as well as a laundry machine. Cupboards and shelves are fully stocked with basic necessities as well as a wide array of spices for all of your cooking needs. We have a dining room table with 4 chairs and extra leaves to extend the table. Living room – The living room features a 	Two level ground floor apt featuring kitchen, living area (w/ pull out couch), bathroom, bedroom. In a gated alley on quiet street, only 2 blocks from Pantheon, minutes from major sites in the center of Paris..Area bustling with activity Two level ground floor apt featuring kitchen, living area (w/ pull out couch), bathroom, bedroom. In a gated alley on quiet street, only 2 blocks from Pantheon, minutes from major sites in the center of Paris..Area bustling with activity Two level ground floor apt featuring kitchen, living area (w/ pull out couch), bathroom, and downstairs bedroom. Gated, secure alley on quiet street in dead center of Paris, 2 blocks from Pantheon, min from Luxembourg, Notre Dame..Area bustling with cafes and restaurants Charming 40 square meter 2-level apartment. Kitchen, living room and bathroom upstairs and bedroom downstairs.  Kitchen – Our kitchen is fully equipped with a large fridge, convection oven and induction burner, as well as a laundry machine. Cupboards a
21603	1 bedroom apartment is located on rue des Bernardins in the 5th district of Paris close to Notre-Dame. It proposes 1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom, 1 equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 persons. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television, international TV channels This district is the oldest district of Paris: it covers most part of the Latin Quarter, built by the Romans in antiquity. The area is called Latin Quarter due to the presence on this area of the famous Sorbonne University, where classes were taught in Latin to students. This district is very popular	1 bedroom apartment is located on rue des Bernardins in the 5th district of Paris close to Notre-Dame. It proposes 1 living/dining room, 1 bedroom, 1 equipped kitchen and 1 bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 persons. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television, international TV channels This district is the oldest district of Paris: it covers most part of the Latin Quarter, built by the Romans in antiquity. The area is called Latin Quarter due to the presence on this area of the famous Sorbonne University, where classes were taught in Latin to students. This district is very popular
21604	A wonderful studio in the heart of Paris.Just 2 minutes walking to Notre Dame ,Pantheon ,Quartier Latin.Fully equiped kitchen,1 double bed and 1 sofa-bed,wc and shower.The best location for a short stay in the city of lights.	A wonderful studio in the heart of Paris.Just 2 minutes walking to Notre Dame ,Pantheon ,Quartier Latin.Fully equiped kitchen,1 double bed and 1 sofa-bed,wc and shower.The best location for a short stay in the city of lights.
21605	Son emplacement idéal au cœur du très animé quartier Saint Michel contraste avec le calme qui y règne. Un appartement très agréable à retrouver après une longue journée de visite ou de shopping. Il est frais et calme quel que soit le jour.	Deuxième étage sur court, très calme, à deux pas de Notre Dame et au cœur du quartier Saint Michel. Très bien équipé et disposant de deux grands couchages. Idéal pour couple ou famille. Son emplacement idéal au cœur du très animé quartier Saint Michel contraste avec le calme qui y règne. Un appartement très agréable à retrouver après une longue journée de visite ou de shopping. Il est frais et calme quel que soit le jour. Le quartier Saint Michel est très animé, restaurants, bars, animation... Il représente en lui même une étape incontournable pour un visiteur. Au delà de Saint Michel, vous êtes à 3 minutes de l'Ile de la Cité et de Notre Dame, 15 minutes de Châtelet et la Rue de Rivoli, 20 minutes du jardin du Luxembourg ou encore 30 minutes du Marais ou du Louvre (tout ceci à pieds évidemment). Difficile de faire plus central! La station Saint Michel est la plus proche du logement, elle dessert la ligne 4 et 10 (via Cluny La Sorbonne) ainsi que le RER C et B.
21606	Welcome to 40 sq.m. (430 sq.ft) light apartment in the oldest and most exciting district of Paris! XVIII century building is located in the very center of the famous and trendy Quartier Latin, in less then 5 min from the Seine River.  The living room and the bedroom have a lot of light and 3 windows with the great views (please, check the photo). In the living room there are a coffee table,  2 sofas, some shelves and a kitchen corner with the counter and everything you might need.  The bedroom is equipped with a double bed, console desk, wardrobe and some functional decoration. The light bathroom with a shower has a window with the side view on the top of the Pantheon :)	Hello dear travellers! We welcome you in our 1-bedroom apartment with an incredible view on the Eiffel Tower and Montmantre, located in the heart of Paris! Take your camera - you can see all the sights right from our balcony! ;) Welcome to 40 sq.m. (430 sq.ft) light apartment in the oldest and most exciting district of Paris! XVIII century building is located in the very center of the famous and trendy Quartier Latin, in less then 5 min from the Seine River.  The living room and the bedroom have a lot of light and 3 windows with the great views (please, check the photo). In the living room there are a coffee table,  2 sofas, some shelves and a kitchen corner with the counter and everything you might need.  The bedroom is equipped with a double bed, console desk, wardrobe and some functional decoration. The light bathroom with a shower has a window with the side view on the top of the Pantheon :) PLEASE note it is only available on the dates shown in the calendar. I am usually available
21607		petit appartement 1 pièce, pour deux personnes. Accueillant, il est en plein centre de Paris, vous apprécierez ce quartier bien connu des étudiants. Nombreux commerces à proximité, ainsi que les monuments et musées, bars et marchés.
21608	I offer a 13m2 room in a typical Parisian flat, with a large and sunny balcony.  The apartment is located on the 6th flour (with elevator) of a Haussmann style luxury building, in a very safe area (5th arrondissement), at the foot of Rue Mouffetard, just a stone’s throw from the Latin Quarter and The Panthéon.  The room is elegant, spacious and bright. Each morning, the sun rises in the room providing a beautiful sight on Paris rooftops. The room has a large dressing room, a desk, a television and a comfortable bed for 2 people. From the room, you can exit to the balcony equipped with a garden furniture and enjoy the truly magnificent view on Paris The “little extra” is clearly this sunny balcony. It will make you breakfast or your summer evenings in Paris even more magical. 	This lovely haussmannian room is typically Parisian.  Sure you'll be delighted by its balcony and the amazing view on the parisian roofs ! I offer a 13m2 room in a typical Parisian flat, with a large and sunny balcony.  The apartment is located on the 6th flour (with elevator) of a Haussmann style luxury building, in a very safe area (5th arrondissement), at the foot of Rue Mouffetard, just a stone’s throw from the Latin Quarter and The Panthéon.  The room is elegant, spacious and bright. Each morning, the sun rises in the room providing a beautiful sight on Paris rooftops. The room has a large dressing room, a desk, a television and a comfortable bed for 2 people. From the room, you can exit to the balcony equipped with a garden furniture and enjoy the truly magnificent view on Paris The “little extra” is clearly this sunny balcony. It will make you breakfast or your summer evenings in Paris even more magical. - Bathroom (towels, hair dryer and everything else you need provided).  - F
21609		Superb 70 sqm apartment with a 25 sqm terrace with flowers. Living room with old beams. One bedroom, bathroom, separate toilets and fully equipped kitchen. The building is fully restored and dates back to the 17th century. First floor. Access to the whole apartment except one room which will be closed in order to store personal effects of the owner Housekeeping will be made once a week by a woman who will also welcome the guests on arrival, give them the keys and take the keys back on departure. In the heart of the student quarter of paris. 5/10mn walk from the Pantheon, Notre Dame, Sorbonne, wharves of the Seine, Saint Louis Island. Metro, Bus, Autolib and Velib just next door.
21610	Windows are double glazed,high quality radiators as well as air-conditioning in the bedroom. Decoration is subtle blend of contemporary furniture,oriental antiques and modern art and there are wooden floors (website hidden) lounge room there is leather settee converting into  dbl bed (W140cm),leather armchairs,coffee table,bookshelf and antique Chinese cabinet,round glass topped table.Compact modern kitchen fully equipped with oven/microwave, induction hotplates,dishwasher,refrigerator with integrated freezer,washing/drying machine.Upstairs bedroom is brightly lit with queen size bed(W160 cm),antique Chinese desk ,cable TV,DVD player, telephone/fax high speed Internet access, spacious wardrobes.All linen and towels provided. As most historical buildings in Paris,no elevator but someone will carry your luggage up and downstairs	    Succumb to the charm of this tastefully decorated with oak beams,old stone wall,wooden floors and spiral stair leading to spacious bedroom.Situated in Latin Quarter in a famous street ,on the top floor of a 400 y old building with a view over Paris     Windows are double glazed,high quality radiators as well as air-conditioning in the bedroom. Decoration is subtle blend of contemporary furniture,oriental antiques and modern art and there are wooden floors (website hidden) lounge room there is leather settee converting into  dbl bed (W140cm),leather armchairs,coffee table,bookshelf and antique Chinese cabinet,round glass topped table.Compact modern kitchen fully equipped with oven/microwave, induction hotplates,dishwasher,refrigerator with integrated freezer,washing/drying machine.Upstairs bedroom is brightly lit with queen size bed(W160 cm),antique Chinese desk ,cable TV,DVD player, telephone/fax high speed Internet access, spacious wardrobes.All linen and towels provided. As most 
21611	CARACTERISTIQUES DU STUDIO C'est un 2 pièces qui fait environ 27 m2 et se trouve au 4ème étage. Il est clair et propre et a été rénové il y a 1an. Il est calme dans la mesure où il n'est pas du côté de la rue mais d'une cour intérieure. Il y a une cuisine/salon, une chambre, une douche et des toilettes. Il y a un vrai lit pour 2 personnes (dimensions : 190 * 120 cm), une commode et une table à manger. EQUIPEMENTS ET SERVICES Il y a Internet à haut-débit avec wifi et une TV. La cuisine est équipée avec des plaques de cuisson, un frigo, un micro-ondes, tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner (assiettes, couverts, casseroles...). Il y a aussi un fer à repasser, une table à repasser. Les draps, serviettes et couvertures sont fournis. LOCALISATION Situé rue Daubenton entre le jardin des plantes et la mosquée de Paris, dans le Quartier Latin (5ème arrondissement de Paris). Le quartier est très vivant et comprend de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants.  ACCES AUX SITES TOURISTIQUES Le studio se 	Appartement 2 pièces de 27m2 ensoleillé, idéalement situé entre le jardin des plantes et la mosquée de Paris et sans vis à vis. Il comporte tout le nécessaire pour passer une agréable semaine estivale à Paris. CARACTERISTIQUES DU STUDIO C'est un 2 pièces qui fait environ 27 m2 et se trouve au 4ème étage. Il est clair et propre et a été rénové il y a 1an. Il est calme dans la mesure où il n'est pas du côté de la rue mais d'une cour intérieure. Il y a une cuisine/salon, une chambre, une douche et des toilettes. Il y a un vrai lit pour 2 personnes (dimensions : 190 * 120 cm), une commode et une table à manger. EQUIPEMENTS ET SERVICES Il y a Internet à haut-débit avec wifi et une TV. La cuisine est équipée avec des plaques de cuisson, un frigo, un micro-ondes, tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner (assiettes, couverts, casseroles...). Il y a aussi un fer à repasser, une table à repasser. Les draps, serviettes et couvertures sont fournis. LOCALISATION Situé rue Daubenton entre le jardin des plan
21612	Next to Saint Germain Boulevard , this appartment is well located: nice area, in the heart of the most beautiful places of Paris and a quiet place in cité Cardinal Lemoine. Just 2 minutes walk from Quais de Seine between subway stops Cardinal Lemoine/Maubert Mutualité (line 10) and Jussieu (Lines 10 & 7). Notre Dame is just 5 minutes walk and to get there, you could have a walk along Quais de Seine and visit L'Ile de la Cité. If you turn on the right from the appartment, you can easily visit Panthéon or Jardin du Luxembourg.  In a charming Parisian style, the house is cosy and warm. 4 people can sleep in the appartment : 2 in the mezzanine and 2 in the sofa-bed. The living room has a sofa, a chair and a table for (website hidden) and free wifi. Well-equipped kitchen (fridge, micro-wave and a bar). Shower and toilet. Many restaurants, bars and cafés all around (Argentinian, Italian, French, Mexican,...food, wine bars, French bistrots,...). For shopping : supermarkets, markets, bakeries,	Next to Saint Germain Boulevard , this appartment is well located: nice area, in the heart of the most beautiful places of Paris and a quiet place in cité Cardinal Lemoine. Just 2 minutes walk from Quais de Seine between subway stops Cardinal Lemoine/Maubert Mutualité (line 10) and Jussieu (Lines 10 & 7). Notre Dame is just 5 minutes walk and to get there, you could have a walk along Quais de Seine and visit L'Ile de la Cité. If you turn on the right from the appartment, you can easily visit Panthéon or Jardin du Luxembourg.  In a charming Parisian style, the house is cosy and warm. 4 people can sleep in the appartment : 2 in the mezzanine and 2 in the sofa-bed. The living room has a sofa, a chair and a table for (website hidden) and free wifi. Well-equipped kitchen (fridge, micro-wave and a bar). Shower and toilet. Many restaurants, bars and cafés all around (Argentinian, Italian, French, Mexican,...food, wine bars, French bistrots,...). For shopping : supermarkets, markets, bakeries,
21613	Spacious 1 living room , 1 bathroom apartment with plenty of natural light. Ideal for families, couples, and friends. Located in a famous  area only 5 minutes from Notre dame and many nearby restaurants and cafés. Our roomy 45m2 apartment is located in the noble neighborhood, only minutes from the popular Sorbonne. The flat comfortably accommodates up to 4 or 5 guests and faces the open interior of the block, ensuring tranquility from the bustle outside while letting the sun shine inward. Upon entering is the first of 1 living  with a open American kitchen  , arranged in bunk bed fashion. A living  is equipped with a 140cm sofa- bed, also with a dinning table and desk. Quartier Latin  is a safe and residential neighborhood with some of the best restaurants, cafés.	Housed in an old building in the prestigious Garden Luxembourg, Left Bank, this newly renovated apartment boasts a central location . It contains 2 rooms including a spacious bedroom and living room with open kitchen fully equipped (dishwasher) , a Spacious 1 living room , 1 bathroom apartment with plenty of natural light. Ideal for families, couples, and friends. Located in a famous  area only 5 minutes from Notre dame and many nearby restaurants and cafés. Our roomy 45m2 apartment is located in the noble neighborhood, only minutes from the popular Sorbonne. The flat comfortably accommodates up to 4 or 5 guests and faces the open interior of the block, ensuring tranquility from the bustle outside while letting the sun shine inward. Upon entering is the first of 1 living  with a open American kitchen  , arranged in bunk bed fashion. A living  is equipped with a 140cm sofa- bed, also with a dinning table and desk. Quartier Latin  is a safe and residential neighborhood with some of the b
21614	"Gorgeous, typical Parisian apartment: wooden floors, stones, beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"".  The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, from where most sights are reachable on foot:  5mn to ""le Panthéon"", 10 mn to ""Jardin des plantes"": botanical garden open for public, 10 minutes to ""boulevard Saint-Germain"" and boulevard ""Saint Michel"": lovely areas of Paris by their bookstores, clothes, shops, 10 minutes to the Luxembourg Garden accommodating several classified buildings: the Luxembourg Palace where seats the Senate, the Luxembourg museum, the Orangery, 10 mn to the Seine River and its banks walk where you can run or relax, 5minutes to ""Notre dame de Paris"", 10 minutes  to ""le Marais"" district,.... The apartment has a 46 sqm living room with 2 comfortable new sofa bed for 4 persons (140x190m), a loft mezzanine with a big matelas for 1 person (140x190m). Bed linen and towels are provided. There is a "	"Lovely & Amazing apartment in the heart of Paris: Quartier Latin/Panthéon/Cathédrale Notre dame de Paris. Fully renovated carefully, Cosy, Convenient, and ideally located: Cafés, restaurants, Bakery, Pharmacy, groceries, wine shops... just outside. Gorgeous, typical Parisian apartment: wooden floors, stones, beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"".  The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, from where most sights are reachable on foot:  5mn to ""le Panthéon"", 10 mn to ""Jardin des plantes"": botanical garden open for public, 10 minutes to ""boulevard Saint-Germain"" and boulevard ""Saint Michel"": lovely areas of Paris by their bookstores, clothes, shops, 10 minutes to the Luxembourg Garden accommodating several classified buildings: the Luxembourg Palace where seats the Senate, the Luxembourg museum, the Orangery, 10 mn to the Seine River and its banks walk where you can run or relax, 5minutes to ""Notre dame de Pari"
21615	SPECIAL DISCOUNT IN AUGUST IF YOU BOOK  AT LEAST 3 WEEKS FROM 08/01 TILL 08/26 - VERY EXCEPTIONAL! Look the 1st picture below: the studio is in the white building on the right; the 2nd and 3rd roof windows. The studio is full of daylight, nicely decorated; a real cocoon for your stay. The studio has all the storage space needed to feel comfortable. In the main room the floor is natural seagrass with a Persian rug. The sofa bed is new with a very thick mattress and it is very easy to use with cushions that are attached when you unfold the couch. The building (with access code) which dates from the 17th century has no elevator but the floors are easy to install, are not too high and the staircase is nice.  Complimentary Nespresso cafe, tea herbal tea as well as sugar are  there for your convenience. There is everything for a great breakfast: toaster, boiler and Nespresso machine. You just need to get fresh bread and croissants just across from the studio. The bathroom is really pleasant 	SPECIAL DISCOUNT IN AUGUST IF YOU BOOK  AT LEAST 3 WEEKS FROM 08/01 TILL 08/26 - VERY EXCEPTIONAL! Look the 1st picture below: the studio is in the white building on the right; the 2nd and 3rd roof windows. The studio is full of daylight, nicely decorated; a real cocoon for your stay. The studio has all the storage space needed to feel comfortable. In the main room the floor is natural seagrass with a Persian rug. The sofa bed is new with a very thick mattress and it is very easy to use with cushions that are attached when you unfold the couch. The building (with access code) which dates from the 17th century has no elevator but the floors are easy to install, are not too high and the staircase is nice.  Complimentary Nespresso cafe, tea herbal tea as well as sugar are  there for your convenience. There is everything for a great breakfast: toaster, boiler and Nespresso machine. You just need to get fresh bread and croissants just across from the studio. The bathroom is really pleasant 
21616	Located in a building dating back to the 20th century, the apartment is very well equipped offering all the comfort you need during your stay! It consists of an entrance leading to a spacious living room with a sofa-bed for 2 persons, an independent and equipped kitchen, a large bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom with WC. In this apartment, whose decoration is meticulous, you will be delighted by the calmness while being in the heart of Paris. The metro is at the foot of the building and will enable you to move easily.	Located in a building dating back to the 20th century, the apartment is very well equipped offering all the comfort you need during your stay... Located in a building dating back to the 20th century, the apartment is very well equipped offering all the comfort you need during your stay! It consists of an entrance leading to a spacious living room with a sofa-bed for 2 persons, an independent and equipped kitchen, a large bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom with WC. In this apartment, whose decoration is meticulous, you will be delighted by the calmness while being in the heart of Paris. The metro is at the foot of the building and will enable you to move easily. The apartment is easy accessible in metro because the station Jussieu is in front of the building. You can move very quickly thanks to the metro and bus lines nearby. In the heart of Paris, it is an ideal neighborhood to visit the capital because there are many tourist sites. The Latin Quarter and the Jardin des Plantes ar
21617	One bed room and one living room will give you the space to feel comfortable in the flat.  You will have a nice view on Paris roofs and the opportunity to rest and have a drink in one of the numerous cafés and restaurants at the foot of the building. 	"Apartment located in the oldest district of Paris. 10 mn walk to Notre Dame de Paris, 1 mn to the Panthéon , 5 mn to the Jardin du Luxembourg. Where Owen wilson 's caleche was stopping in Woody Allen 's ""Midnight in Paris"". No elevator. 5th Floor. One bed room and one living room will give you the space to feel comfortable in the flat.  You will have a nice view on Paris roofs and the opportunity to rest and have a drink in one of the numerous cafés and restaurants at the foot of the building.  The flat is in  one of the most preserved and timeless district of Paris; Close to very well known touristic places ( Notre Dame , le Panthéon ....) and close to colorful and tipical places like ""La rue Mouffetard"" and its ""place de la contre-escarpe"".  Direct from the gare du nord ( when coming from London) and direct from Charles de Gaulle Airport.  Through the RER B (Luxembourg station) and then 5 mn walk.  The flat is under the roof . You won't have any elevator to help you to climb up to th"
21618	Our luxury and familly friendly apartment is located in an ideal neighborhood from which to explore Paris: step away from rue Mouffetard (2mn), rue Monge (2mn) and Pantheon (10mn), Minutes from the famous Boulevard St. Germain, Boulevard Montparnasse, 13 mn walk from the Luxembourg Gardens with its fantastic playground, and an easy walk to the Seine river.  The apartment is in close proximity to many fine restaurants, many grocery stores, and several excellent patisseries – including one of Paris's finest just a few steps away. A outside market with local product is operating 3 times a week. Located in an historical boutique our apartment owned it's private terrace,  ideal to have break or enjoy a meal with familly and friends.  With the 2 master bedrooms with attached bathroom the apartment allows for privacy and comfort. Beneath tall windows who  provide natural light as well as a nice view on the private garden. Windows on two sides of the apartment provide cooling breezes on even t	Ideally located in the latin quarter this newly renovated 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms  apartment offer the elegance of a vintage Parisian address and the convenience of a modern and fully equipped luxury apartment. Our luxury and familly friendly apartment is located in an ideal neighborhood from which to explore Paris: step away from rue Mouffetard (2mn), rue Monge (2mn) and Pantheon (10mn), Minutes from the famous Boulevard St. Germain, Boulevard Montparnasse, 13 mn walk from the Luxembourg Gardens with its fantastic playground, and an easy walk to the Seine river.  The apartment is in close proximity to many fine restaurants, many grocery stores, and several excellent patisseries – including one of Paris's finest just a few steps away. A outside market with local product is operating 3 times a week. Located in an historical boutique our apartment owned it's private terrace,  ideal to have break or enjoy a meal with familly and friends.  With the 2 master bedrooms with attached bathroom 
21619		Located at « Rive Gauche » near the « Jardin du Luxembourg ». 17m2 flat at 1st floor, optimized space •Mezzanine, queen-sized bed •Kitchen •Bathroom, shower&toilets Perfect for2 Your are tall (sup 1m80), this flat is not ideal More photo on demand
21620		Studio aux poutres apparentes, authentique et accueillant. A 10 minutes a pied de Notre Dame et 5 minutes du Panthéon et de La Sorbonne, dans le cœur du quartier Latin. Une grande pièce avec lit en hauteur double, une petite cuisine et une petite salle de bain. Accès internet Le quartier dispose de nombreux commerces, il y a beaucoup de monuments à visiter dans le 5ème et pour sortir le soir, la rue mouffetard est à côté. La ligne 7, la ligne 10, le rer c et le rer b peuvent vous amener n importe ou dans Paris, mais aussi directement à Roissy ou Versailles
21621	This studio is cosy and well located. It is was recently fully renovated for our family use, so great finishings and comfortable furniture. Modern shower room with all amenities, fully tiled and power shower. We provide towels and sheets.   Wifi, telephone with free European and USA long distance calls.  Email and phone.  Neighbourhood guide provided in the studio with restaurant tips. You can walk almost everywhere from the studio.  All sorts of restaurants at all budget levels, but of course you can choose to shop in the wonderful local outdoor markets and cook at home as kitchen is fully equipped. #pantheon #latinquarter #sorbonne #stgermain  Direct RER B (suburban train) from Charles de Gaulle airport to the studio (RER is one minute walking distance) , the fastest way to get into centre of Paris or back to airport. Metro, and many bus lines are within one minute walking distance. All of paris is easily accessible from here. Jardin de Luxembourg, St Germain de pres, Notre Dame chur	This studio is cosy and well located. It is was recently fully renovated for our family use, so great finishings and comfortable furniture. Modern shower room with all amenities, fully tiled and power shower. We provide towels and sheets.   Wifi, telephone with free European and USA long distance calls.  Email and phone.  Neighbourhood guide provided in the studio with restaurant tips. You can walk almost everywhere from the studio.  All sorts of restaurants at all budget levels, but of course you can choose to shop in the wonderful local outdoor markets and cook at home as kitchen is fully equipped. #pantheon #latinquarter #sorbonne #stgermain  Direct RER B (suburban train) from Charles de Gaulle airport to the studio (RER is one minute walking distance) , the fastest way to get into centre of Paris or back to airport. Metro, and many bus lines are within one minute walking distance. All of paris is easily accessible from here. Jardin de Luxembourg, St Germain de pres, Notre Dame chur
21622	Loft avec mezzanine 32m2 + 10m2. Tres lumineux dans le 20 ème arrondissement de Paris branché sans l'être trop, et un quartier animé. Appartement situé  dans un ancien relai de poste 1850 . Un lit pour couple  en haut + un autre couchage en bas .  Cuisine ouverte. Machine à laver -Internet. Salle de bain avec baignoire _Proche Nation /Bastille. Deux belles librairies à proximité . Marché typique. Métro à 3 minutes Alexandre Dumas	Loft avec mezzanine 32m2 + 10m2. Tres lumineux dans le 20 ème arrondissement de Paris branché sans l'être trop, et un quartier animé. Appartement situé  dans un ancien relai de poste 1850 . Un lit pour couple  en haut + un autre couchage en bas .  Cuisine ouverte. Machine à laver -Internet. Salle de bain avec baignoire _Proche Nation /Bastille. Deux belles librairies à proximité . Marché typique. Métro à 3 minutes Alexandre Dumas
21623	close to rue mouffetard and the panthéon,  the seine, jardin du luxembourg, institut du monde arabe, jardin des plantes, and notre dame de paris . very typically parisian hometown, in the quartier latin.  lot of bus and subways around. french and world  restaurants, various shops all around the hometown. you can find a very typically market on sunday two steps from the appartement.  The appartement is composed by a room with internet, tv, a nice and big sofa bed and few  storage for your clothes, a coffe table, a perfect table for dinners (until 4 persons) , a desk , a kitchen with an oven, microwaves, hot plates, dishes, big storage,  a little fridge, and a washing machine. and then a wc bathroom with a bathtub. this place is perfect for two people! This is a place we live in as a couple.	close to rue mouffetard and the panthéon,  the seine, jardin du luxembourg, institut du monde arabe, jardin des plantes, and notre dame de paris . very typically parisian hometown, in the quartier latin.  lot of bus and subways around. french and world  restaurants, various shops all around the hometown. you can find a very typically market on sunday two steps from the appartement.  The appartement is composed by a room with internet, tv, a nice and big sofa bed and few  storage for your clothes, a coffe table, a perfect table for dinners (until 4 persons) , a desk , a kitchen with an oven, microwaves, hot plates, dishes, big storage,  a little fridge, and a washing machine. and then a wc bathroom with a bathtub. this place is perfect for two people! This is a place we live in as a couple.
21624	Ancien appartement parisien de charme, récemment rénové et atypique, Voyage au Temps du «Vieux Paris» assuré! Au pied de l'église de Val de Grâce, à deux pas des jardins du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, du 6ème arrondissement et de la célèbre rue mouffetard, 2 pièces de 50m2 au calme avec poutres apparentes et tomettes au sol.	Très beau 2 pièces atypique de charme (50 m2) au pied de l'église du Val de Grâce et à deux pas des jardins du Luxembourg. Cet appartement calme aux poutres apparentes et tomettes anciennes vous plongera au coeur des vieux quartiers de Paris. Ancien appartement parisien de charme, récemment rénové et atypique, Voyage au Temps du «Vieux Paris» assuré! Au pied de l'église de Val de Grâce, à deux pas des jardins du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, du 6ème arrondissement et de la célèbre rue mouffetard, 2 pièces de 50m2 au calme avec poutres apparentes et tomettes au sol. Feel free to ask any question, any time  In the heart of Paris, charm of the fifth district, great monuments of Paris, near the Pantheon, Luxembourg and the 6th district By rer: RER Port Royal or Luxembourg (direct from Roissy CDG Airport) By the subway: station Vavin or Raspail By bus: 
21625	수리한지 얼마 되지 않아 깨끗한 아파트로 3미터 50의 시원하게 높은 천장에 파노라마식으로 펼쳐진 파리 오스만 양식의 야경에 집안에서도 파리의 아름다움을 만끽할 수 있는 아파트입니다	노트르담 성당에서 200 미터 떨어진 40미터 아파트입니다.  수리한지 얼마 되지 않아 깨끗한 아파트로 3미터 50의 시원하게 높은 천장에 파노라마식으로 펼쳐진 파리 오스만 양식의 야경에 집안에서도 파리의 아름다움을 만끽할 수 있는 아파트입니다. 집 앞에 가격 저렴한 프랑프리가 있어 편안하고요. 라틴 지역인 이곳은 교통의 허브입니다. 방 하나에 각각 책상이 달린 이층 침대가 두 개 있는데 천장이 높아 전혀 답답하지 않고 편안합니다. 수리한지 얼마 되지 않아 깨끗한 아파트로 3미터 50의 시원하게 높은 천장에 파노라마식으로 펼쳐진 파리 오스만 양식의 야경에 집안에서도 파리의 아름다움을 만끽할 수 있는 아파트입니다 Tv와 식탁이 있는 거실에는 커다란 소파가 있어 한 명 편안히 취침 가능합니다.  분리되어 있는 부엌에는 압력 전기 밥솥과 식기 세척기, 전자 렌지 및 전기 오븐과 모든 부엌 살림이 구비되어 있습니다. 화장실 및 욕실에는 세탁기가 있고요. 파리에 있으니 카톡이나 전화 가능합니다. 집 앞에 가격 저렴한 프랑프리가 있어 편안하고요. 노트르담 성당 뿐 아니라 세잌스피어 앤 코 서점, 그 유명한 몽쥬 약국 등 문 밖을 나가기만 하면 수 많은 볼거리와 먹을거리가 펼쳐지는 곳이지요. 아시다시피 라틴 지역인 이곳은 교통의 허브입니다. RER B와 C 전철 10호선 4호선이 도보로 모두 5분 거리 이내에 있습니다. 인터넷 무 유선 가능 한국 핸드폰 및 일반 전화 공짜이니 맘껏 사용하세요. 가족 단위나 친구끼리 아니면 함께 나눌 분과 세 분까지 오셔서 다른 숙박시설의 복잡스러움을 피해 파리 중심에서 마치 내 집처럼 저렴하고 품위있는 바캉스를 보내세요
21626		Ideally located,peaceful, sunny, equipped and renovated, close to the Panthéon, all the cultural spots and restaurants. 40m2. 4ème floor (elevator). Two balconies.1 bedroom with double bed & a convertible sofa which provides extra bedding for 2people
21627	Charming and cosy 2 bedrooms apartment, central and direct from airports. 30 minutes from Orly and 50 minutes from Roissy Charles de Gaulle.  On the 6th floor with elevator : a bedroom , a living room with a sofa , a kitchen, a bathroom with WC . A Huge view over Paris!  Internet Connection Broadband fiber optic , TV multi channels, equipped kitchen, micro wave, washing machine. 	Sunny charming 2 bedrooms flat: central and direct from the airports. Near the Luxembourg Garden, the Pantheon and the Sorbonne. 30 minutes from Orly and 50 minutes from Roissy - Charles de Gaulle.  Charming and cosy 2 bedrooms apartment, central and direct from airports. 30 minutes from Orly and 50 minutes from Roissy Charles de Gaulle.  On the 6th floor with elevator : a bedroom , a living room with a sofa , a kitchen, a bathroom with WC . A Huge view over Paris!  Internet Connection Broadband fiber optic , TV multi channels, equipped kitchen, micro wave, washing machine.  Near various shops : vegetables shop, very reputed Parisian bakery, butcher, wine shop, pharmacy, brewery , cafes, supermarket, bank, ... This apartment is perfect for 2 people. A sofa bed in the living room can receive 2 other people . Perfect for a family with 2 little children Please get back to me with any questions about this flat  The apartment is one of the most beautiful downtown location in Paris, in front
21628	Pièce principale13 m² / 140 sq ft Possède un lit double (160x200) ainsi qu'un lit simple (80x190) avec matelas à même le sol. Table de nuit, table ronde, 2 chaises, table basse, meuble télé, TV écran plat, bibliothèque, frigo. Porte-fenêtre donnant sur le balcon (5 m²) et 2 fenêtres. Parquet et moquette. Une minuscule kitchnette comprenant : réfrigérateur, micro onde, cafetière nespresso, grille pain, plaque à induction 2 feux, bouilloire, 1 petite casserole. Salle de bains7 m² / 75 sq ft Privative avec baignoire, douche, vasque, meuble de rangement. WC séparés privatifs.   	Un appartement d'exception donnant directement sur le Jardin des Arènes de Lutèce, un vestige de la présence romaine à Paris. Au coeur du quartier Latin, dans un immeuble du XVIIème siècle, un balcon orienté sud vous permet de profiter de la nature Pièce principale13 m² / 140 sq ft Possède un lit double (160x200) ainsi qu'un lit simple (80x190) avec matelas à même le sol. Table de nuit, table ronde, 2 chaises, table basse, meuble télé, TV écran plat, bibliothèque, frigo. Porte-fenêtre donnant sur le balcon (5 m²) et 2 fenêtres. Parquet et moquette. Une minuscule kitchnette comprenant : réfrigérateur, micro onde, cafetière nespresso, grille pain, plaque à induction 2 feux, bouilloire, 1 petite casserole. Salle de bains7 m² / 75 sq ft Privative avec baignoire, douche, vasque, meuble de rangement. WC séparés privatifs.   L'appartement donne sur le Jardin des Arènes de Lutèce, un vestige de la présence romaine à Paris. Il est situé au cœur du quartier Latin, à proximité de Notre-Dame, du P
21629	Because of the large glass wall you will not feel claustrophobic .	29 meter sq studio apartment in a quiet family housing next to Rue Mouffetard in Paris 5. On the seventh floor of a modern building. One entire side wall is made of glass with great view of Paris. Because of the large glass wall you will not feel claustrophobic . Entire house
21630	Nous vous proposons un appartement de 50m² (au 4ème étage sans ascenseur), donnant sur une cour, calme idéal pour un couple ou une famille disposé en étoile, composé d'une entrée, une cuisine, une salle de bain, d'un wc séparé, une chambre et un salon avec un canapé convertible 2 places équipé d'un très bon matelas. La cuisine est petite mais très fonctionnelle équipée d'un frigo, 2 plaques de cuisson, d'une cafetière, d'une bouilloire et d'un micro-onde. Vous aurez également à disposition de la vaisselle pour 4 personnes. La salle de bain comprend une baignoire. Vous aurez également à disposition une machine à laver, une table à repasser et un étendoir à linge. Nous mettons à votre disposition draps et serviettes propres.   Pour ranger vos vêtements vous trouverez des commodes dans la chambre. Il y a le wifi et une télévision	Charmant appartement pour 4 personnes donnant sur cour. Nous vous proposons un appartement de 50m² (au 4ème étage sans ascenseur), donnant sur une cour, calme idéal pour un couple ou une famille disposé en étoile, composé d'une entrée, une cuisine, une salle de bain, d'un wc séparé, une chambre et un salon avec un canapé convertible 2 places équipé d'un très bon matelas. La cuisine est petite mais très fonctionnelle équipée d'un frigo, 2 plaques de cuisson, d'une cafetière, d'une bouilloire et d'un micro-onde. Vous aurez également à disposition de la vaisselle pour 4 personnes. La salle de bain comprend une baignoire. Vous aurez également à disposition une machine à laver, une table à repasser et un étendoir à linge. Nous mettons à votre disposition draps et serviettes propres.   Pour ranger vos vêtements vous trouverez des commodes dans la chambre. Il y a le wifi et une télévision Le logement est au cœur du quartier de Saint-Germain, situé à 2 pas de Notre Dame et de l’île Saint Louis
21631	L appartement est très lumineux et la vue est magique 	Vue sur jardin du Luxembourg et Tour Eiffel, mon appartement de plus de 80 m² se compose d'une grande chambre et une chambre d'enfant sur cour, un double séjour donnant sur un balcon filant exposé sud, cuisine, salle de bains et WC séparé. L appartement est très lumineux et la vue est magique Je souhaite que les voyageurs se sentent comme chez eux. Je n impose aucune restriction si ce n'est d observer les règles de savoir vivre et le respect du voisinage. Je me rendrai disponible pour l accueil des voyageurs et serai toujours joignable pendant leur séjour. La beauté du jardin du Luxembourg et l animation du quartier latin RER B, station Luxembourg (direct De Roissy et via Orlyval d'Orly) Ligne de métro 9, station Cluny La Sorbonne Bus (phone number hidden) et 38.
21632	Un quartier très vivant, entouré de restaurants, de monuments historiques (Val de Grâce, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Hôtel de Cluny), de musées (Institut du Monde Arabe, Collège des Bernardins, musée d'Histoire Naturelle) et aussi de nombreux jardins (jardin des Plantes, jardin du Luxembourg et jardin des Arènes de Lutèce). Il est également à deux pas des quais de Seine et de Notre Dame de Paris.	Sweet home in Paris for one or two persons. Studio tout équipée ! Cuisine, salle de bain, lit 2 places, bureau.. Le tout dans un quartier très vivant ! Un quartier très vivant, entouré de restaurants, de monuments historiques (Val de Grâce, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Hôtel de Cluny), de musées (Institut du Monde Arabe, Collège des Bernardins, musée d'Histoire Naturelle) et aussi de nombreux jardins (jardin des Plantes, jardin du Luxembourg et jardin des Arènes de Lutèce). Il est également à deux pas des quais de Seine et de Notre Dame de Paris. Metro JUSSIEU, ligne 7 et 10.  Bus 63, 89 Plusieurs station Vélib.  Près de Gare de Lyon et Gare d'Austerlitz.  Appartement dans une calme copropriété, entrée dans une charmante court. Je serais joignable tout le long du séjour et un ami pourra passer vous voir en cas de soucis. Un quartier très vivant, entouré de restaurants, de monuments historiques (Val de Grâce, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Hôtel de Cluny), de musées (Institut du Monde Arabe
21633	"Welcome in the heart of historical Paris ! This is an apartment with an authentic charm, in a listed building in 1850 located in the heart of the historical ""Quartier Latin"".   Exposed beams. Recently renovated. 45 square meters apartment, located on the 2nd floor: -room with a 2-people 140x200 cms futon + one child bed (140x90) -living room, with a fully-equipped kitchen and a very good quality and recent convertible bed (140 x 200; 2 persons). If needed, we can add an extra convertible bed for one (190x80). -a bathroom with a walk-in ""italian"" shower WiFi available throughout the apartment."	"Our cosy flat in the historical center of Paris is awaiting you! This 2-room apartment is a typical Parisian apartment with exposed beams. Ideally located. Recently renovated and fully equipped for you to have a comfortable stay. Welcome in the heart of historical Paris ! This is an apartment with an authentic charm, in a listed building in 1850 located in the heart of the historical ""Quartier Latin"".   Exposed beams. Recently renovated. 45 square meters apartment, located on the 2nd floor: -room with a 2-people 140x200 cms futon + one child bed (140x90) -living room, with a fully-equipped kitchen and a very good quality and recent convertible bed (140 x 200; 2 persons). If needed, we can add an extra convertible bed for one (190x80). -a bathroom with a walk-in ""italian"" shower WiFi available throughout the apartment. Fully equipped kitchen: oven, hotplates, dishwasher, large fridge and freezer, microwave oven, coffee machine (nespresso), kettle, toaster Bathroom: washing machine, iron"
21634		BRAND NEW ! Very cozy 1 bedroom apartment located in the heart of Paris (Quartier Latin) on the very famous place Monge, a Short walk to La Sorbonne and 5minutes away from Notre Dame ! Perfectly suited for 4 people (sofa/bed), it is Full
21635	Flat 50 sq. m in Paris V (Center), close to Luxembourg subway station. Ideal to discover Paris (5 min. to Luxembourg garden, 1 subway station from Notre Dame, St Germain...). All shops and transports nearby. You have a parc with children area at 3 minutes by foot.  The appartment is located in a very quiet street and in a secured building (entry code, intercom, concierge).  It is ground floor. On one side, the bedroom and the kitchen windows have a view on the garden inside of the building. On the other side, the living room window has a view on the street and is higher than street level. The apartment is composed by : a hall + dressing, a living room + sofa bed (for 2 people), a kitchen fully equipped + a dinner table for 4 people, a bedroom + king size bed, a bathroom with separate (website hidden), internet WiFi, washing machine, flatiron + table.	Flat 50 sq. m in Paris V (Center), close to Luxembourg subway station. Ideal to discover Paris (5 min. to Luxembourg garden, 1 subway station from Notre Dame, St Germain...). All shops and transports nearby. You have a parc with children area at 3 minutes by foot.  The appartment is located in a very quiet street and in a secured building (entry code, intercom, concierge).  It is ground floor. On one side, the bedroom and the kitchen windows have a view on the garden inside of the building. On the other side, the living room window has a view on the street and is higher than street level. The apartment is composed by : a hall + dressing, a living room + sofa bed (for 2 people), a kitchen fully equipped + a dinner table for 4 people, a bedroom + king size bed, a bathroom with separate (website hidden), internet WiFi, washing machine, flatiron + table.
21636		Nous habitons un sublime 3 pièces de 95 m² avec vue sur le Val de Grâce, en plein cœur du Ve arrondissement (quartier latin), à deux pas du Panthéon.  Idéal pour familles, 3 chambres, sdb avec baignoire, grande cuisine, le tout décoré avec charme!
21637	Situated in the 4th floor of a building 1800 in a street full of charm, our apartment is ideal to welcome 4 people. The night part consists of a big parental room with a double bed (160 x 200), a second spacious room with a bed of 90 x 200.  A shower-room with a big shower is between both rooms. The lounge welcomes the fourth sleeping (90 x 200).  A friendly space comprises a dining room opening on a contemporary kitchen allows to share good moments. An attractive comfortable lounge offers a clear view over the rooftops of Paris. You can also relax you or take advantage of a good movie with the video-projector left at your disposal.	At the heart of the Latin Quarter between the Pantheon and the garden of the Luxembourg, the beautiful apartment of 110m2 offering of beautiful volumes, bright and comfortable.  Situated in the 4th floor of a building 1800 in a street full of charm, our apartment is ideal to welcome 4 people. The night part consists of a big parental room with a double bed (160 x 200), a second spacious room with a bed of 90 x 200.  A shower-room with a big shower is between both rooms. The lounge welcomes the fourth sleeping (90 x 200).  A friendly space comprises a dining room opening on a contemporary kitchen allows to share good moments. An attractive comfortable lounge offers a clear view over the rooftops of Paris. You can also relax you or take advantage of a good movie with the video-projector left at your disposal. Access to the WIFI  The surrounding area is very pleasant. Many local businesses are situated near the apartment. You can have a walk while discovering the historic monuments of the
21638	Petite rue piétonne en pavé.Poutres apparentes, déco personnelle, haut de plafond, plus que propre, sèche cheveux , plaque induction, serviettes et draps propres , livres, tout est en excellent état, le quartier est l'un des quartier les plus agréables de Paris, tout près des quais de Seine et du jardin du Luxembourg. Quartier étudiants, nombreux bars.	Quartier (email hidden)udio poutres apparentes, douillet,mignon et agréable, plus que propre.Situé dans le centre de Paris,en plein cœur du quartier étudiant,rue mouffetard, quais de Seine, Notre dame de Paris, Panthéon, jardin du Luxembourg, et arènes de lutés.Vous y passerez un excellent séjour, avec toutes les commodités possibles Petite rue piétonne en pavé.Poutres apparentes, déco personnelle, haut de plafond, plus que propre, sèche cheveux , plaque induction, serviettes et draps propres , livres, tout est en excellent état, le quartier est l'un des quartier les plus agréables de Paris, tout près des quais de Seine et du jardin du Luxembourg. Quartier étudiants, nombreux bars. Metro Jussieu ligne 7 et 10 ( a 10secondes) a une station de la Gare d'Austerlitz  Metro Cardinal Ligne 10 (a 1minute) RER B Luxembourg a 5min  Nombreux bus Si besoin est je n'hésiterai pas à prendre un café ou autre avec les voyageurs, pour leur expliquer tout ce qu'il est possible de faire à Paris ! Quarti
21639		Very quiet, very close to Jardin du Luxembourg. 2 Reception rooms overlooking the Pantheon, Henri IV and St Etienne du Mont church. 1 parent double bed bedroom. 2 one bed children rooms and one convertible bed in a second salon. 2 bathrooms. 
21640	The full parisian experience, great classic and authentic apartment that will give you the extra experience for a perfect visit in paris. Great quiet location in the 5th area, 5 minutes walk from the Seine river, 1 minute walk from the metro station (lines 5+10), 10 minutes by metro from the city center. big apartment with washing and drier machine for your convenience. One bedroom with a king sized bed and a living room with an option for another bed (in case of 4 people hosting).	"Our 2 room cosy yet modern apartment, is perfect for 2 and great for up to 4 people. You will enjoy a close by metro station (line 5+10), washer and drier in the apartment, a patio, a fully equipped kitchen, free WI-FI and a 40"" flatscreen TV. The full parisian experience, great classic and authentic apartment that will give you the extra experience for a perfect visit in paris. Great quiet location in the 5th area, 5 minutes walk from the Seine river, 1 minute walk from the metro station (lines 5+10), 10 minutes by metro from the city center. big apartment with washing and drier machine for your convenience. One bedroom with a king sized bed and a living room with an option for another bed (in case of 4 people hosting). Wi-Fi, flatscreen TV and all rest of the house. No smoking inside (no worries, there's a private patio for that), and unfortunately there is no closet you can use. My wife or myself will see you into the apartment safely and from there on I'm reachable all times by pho"
21641	(le calendrier est mis à jour instantanément, les dates apparaissant disponibles sont donc disponibles) Le canapé-lit a été remplacé par un vrai lit. Très joli studio de 24m2 situé dans le très fameux Quartier Latin, dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris!!L'appartement n'est pas à partager, vous l'aurez à votre entière disposition.Le studio est totalement équipé, avec un canapé-lit deux places d'usage quotidien, Une douche avec Wc,  une espace cuisine avec réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, un micro-ondes. il y a  également internet wifi, téléviseur à écran plat, fer à (website hidden) localisation de l'appartement est son atout majeur: en effet en moins de 10 mn à pieds, vous pouvez rejoindre à la fois les quartiers Bastille, Le marais, St Germain, Le Jardin du luxembourg, St Michel.Les 2 stations de Métro JUSSIEU ( ligne 7 et 10) et CARDINAL LEMOINE ( ligne 10) sont à 1 et 2mn de marche du studio; La gare de Lyon et la Gare d'Austerlitz sont à 5 mn en (website hidden) plus, le quarti	(le calendrier est mis à jour instantanément, les dates apparaissant disponibles sont donc disponibles) Le canapé-lit a été remplacé par un vrai lit. Très joli studio de 24m2 situé dans le très fameux Quartier Latin, dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris!!L'appartement n'est pas à partager, vous l'aurez à votre entière disposition.Le studio est totalement équipé, avec un canapé-lit deux places d'usage quotidien, Une douche avec Wc,  une espace cuisine avec réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, un micro-ondes. il y a  également internet wifi, téléviseur à écran plat, fer à (website hidden) localisation de l'appartement est son atout majeur: en effet en moins de 10 mn à pieds, vous pouvez rejoindre à la fois les quartiers Bastille, Le marais, St Germain, Le Jardin du luxembourg, St Michel.Les 2 stations de Métro JUSSIEU ( ligne 7 et 10) et CARDINAL LEMOINE ( ligne 10) sont à 1 et 2mn de marche du studio; La gare de Lyon et la Gare d'Austerlitz sont à 5 mn en (website hidden) plus, le quarti
21642	In the heart of the latin district, two minutes by foot from Luxembourg Parc and the Pantheon, the two rooms apartment is ideally located to discover the center of Paris. Very bright with light all day, the flat is 45m2 and has two large rooms (one room with a double bed and a large 20m2 living room with a comfortable sofa-bed) and can welcome 4 people. The kitchen is fully equipped (dish-washer, oven, micro-wave, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster…) and the bathroom is large, with a bath and a washing machine.  Internet, wifi and television. Two minutes walk from Luxembourg Parc, Panthéon.  Five minutes walk from La Srobonne and Boulevard Saint-Germain  T'en minutes walk from Place Saint-Michel, Notre-Dame, Odéon, Mouffetard, le jardin des plantes, la grande mosquée, l'Institut du Monde Arabe, les catacombes de Paris, Daguerre market…	In the heart of the latin district, two minutes by foot from Luxembourg Parc and the Pantheon, the two rooms apartment is ideally located to discover the center of Paris. In the heart of the latin district, two minutes by foot from Luxembourg Parc and the Pantheon, the two rooms apartment is ideally located to discover the center of Paris. Very bright with light all day, the flat is 45m2 and has two large rooms (one room with a double bed and a large 20m2 living room with a comfortable sofa-bed) and can welcome 4 people. The kitchen is fully equipped (dish-washer, oven, micro-wave, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster…) and the bathroom is large, with a bath and a washing machine.  Internet, wifi and television. Two minutes walk from Luxembourg Parc, Panthéon.  Five minutes walk from La Srobonne and Boulevard Saint-Germain  T'en minutes walk from Place Saint-Michel, Notre-Dame, Odéon, Mouffetard, le jardin des plantes, la grande mosquée, l'Institut du Monde Arabe, les catacombes d
21643	Greatly located in latin quarter, the apartment will allow you to discover the multiple treasures of Paris. Don't forget to stroll to Maubert market and have a croissant at Kayzer bakery.	In the heard of old Paris, in a quiet street next to place Maubert and its traditional market, cosy studio on 2nd floor (no lift), composed of one main room with convertible sofa, a fully equiped kitchen, washing machine and WC/bathroom with shower. Greatly located in latin quarter, the apartment will allow you to discover the multiple treasures of Paris. Don't forget to stroll to Maubert market and have a croissant at Kayzer bakery. Notre Dame, the bookstores on the quay, everything around reminds you that you are in Paris.
21644	Ce mini duplex charmant avec poutres apparentes, est situé au 7e étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 6e étage) et offre une vue imprenable sur Paris (Sacré-Coeur, Notre-Dame, Centre Beaubourg, Panthéon...). Le studio est très calme (double vitrage) et lumineux et peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes (2 vrais lits). La cuisine est toute équipée et la salle de bain, en duplex, comporte une douche et un WC (accès par échelle). Located on the top floor (7th) and with its wooden beams, the mini appartment is very charming and bright, with an amazing view on the main monuments and the roofs of Paris (Sacré-Coeur, Notre-Dame, Centre Beaubourg, Panthéon...). It is very quiet (double windows) and very comfortable for 1 or 2 people (two single beds). The kitchen is fully equipped. The private bathroom (shower cubicle, water closet...) is in duplex (ladder). I don't live in the flat but in the same building.	Ce mini duplex charmant avec poutres apparentes, est situé au 7e étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 6e étage) et offre une vue imprenable sur Paris (Sacré-Coeur, Notre-Dame, Centre Beaubourg, Panthéon...). Le studio est très calme (double vitrage) et lumineux et peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes (2 vrais lits). La cuisine est toute équipée et la salle de bain, en duplex, comporte une douche et un WC (accès par échelle). Located on the top floor (7th) and with its wooden beams, the mini appartment is very charming and bright, with an amazing view on the main monuments and the roofs of Paris (Sacré-Coeur, Notre-Dame, Centre Beaubourg, Panthéon...). It is very quiet (double windows) and very comfortable for 1 or 2 people (two single beds). The kitchen is fully equipped. The private bathroom (shower cubicle, water closet...) is in duplex (ladder). I don't live in the flat but in the same building. Linge de maison (draps, serviettes, torchons...) et produits de toilette fournis. Panier petit-déjeuner
21645	Big apartment with 2 Bedrooms in the 6th district of Paris which can welcome 6 people. You can take advantage of a spacious and charming apartment situated in a quiet district. This apartment is situated in the ground floor , it is bright . There is a vast lounge modern . Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 more people, a small table and television. There are two separated bedrooms with double beds and arrangements to place your clothes . The kitchen is completely equipped with oven and microwaves. There is a dishwasher, oven, refrigerator. The bathroom is also spacious, you will find here a shower. Linen, toilet paper and shower gel are provided. For any other question don't hesitate to ask. Maxime and Anne-sophie.	"Big apartment with 2 Bedrooms in the 6th district of Paris which can welcome 6 people. You can take advantage of a spacious and charming apartment situated in a quiet district. This apartment is situated in the ground floor , it is bright . There is a vast lounge modern . Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 more people, a small table and television. There are two separated bedrooms with double beds and arrangements to place your clothes . The kitchen is completely equipped with oven and microwaves. There is a dishwasher, oven, refrigerator. The bathroom is also spacious, you will find here a shower. Linen, toilet paper and shower gel are provided. For any other question don't hesitate to ask. Maxime and Anne-sophie. The flat is all yours during the stay. You are the only one to access the flat. During your stay you will have my number so you can get in touch with me at anytime if there is something wrong. Situated between ""saint germain des prés"" and ""le quartier latin""  you are here i"
21646	24m2 well arranged	cute flat well decorated with a beautiful kitchenette, close to the famous monuments of paris city center: Notre Dame de Paris, Sainte Chapelle, Musée de Cluny… ideal for a couple, but can host another person(or2 children) with the convertible sofa. 24m2 well arranged All flat I'll be 24h contactable. If serious, I'll be there or a friend of mine that is trustworthy and know well my flat. the incredible experience of beauty walking through the paved street on the morning and partying at night. But when opening the building door, no sound at all! the more convenient place to be! less than 1mn walking are: -RER B(that goes to both airports orly and charles de gaulle) -RER C (that goes to versailles castle) -metro 4 and 10 -bus (phone number hidden) and walking 6mn to chatelet: metro line 1,4,7,11 and RER A and B
21647	This very smart Parisian studio is located in the heart of Paris, in a typical Parisian building from the late XIXth century. In front of the Sorbonne University of Paris, five minutes walk away from the Jardin du Luxembourg, Notre-Dame, the Institute du Monde Arabe, the Boulevard Saint-Michel and Place Maubert, in the heart of the Latine Quarter of Paris. The Seine River, in wich Notre-Dame reflects, is 5 minutes walk away, as the Pantheon on the Sainte-Genevieve Hill, where Voltaire and Rousseau are burried. Tuesdays and Saturdays, the open market takes place on the Place Maubert, with all french food specialities. Every kind of shops throughout the week : supermarket until midnight 3 minutes walk away, pharmacy until 9 pm, 3 minutes walk away, delicatessen shop, butcher, pastry and bakery, dairy (with almost the 365 french different sorts of cheese !), wine merchant, restaurateur, florist, best bookstores 3 minutes walk away, etc, etc. This bright and sunny flat (25 square meter) is	Smart and Large Studio, Amazing Views, Modern, Sunny, Comfortable, Best-Located. This very smart Parisian studio is located in the heart of Paris, in a typical Parisian building from the late XIXth century. In front of the Sorbonne University. This very smart Parisian studio is located in the heart of Paris, in a typical Parisian building from the late XIXth century. In front of the Sorbonne University of Paris, five minutes walk away from the Jardin du Luxembourg, Notre-Dame, the Institute du Monde Arabe, the Boulevard Saint-Michel and Place Maubert, in the heart of the Latine Quarter of Paris. The Seine River, in wich Notre-Dame reflects, is 5 minutes walk away, as the Pantheon on the Sainte-Genevieve Hill, where Voltaire and Rousseau are burried. Tuesdays and Saturdays, the open market takes place on the Place Maubert, with all french food specialities. Every kind of shops throughout the week : supermarket until midnight 3 minutes walk away, pharmacy until 9 pm, 3 minutes walk away,
21648	The apartment opens up onto a foyer with a hat stand and a marble shelf with a XVIII-century clock. Across from the entrance you find the sitting room with parquet flooring overlooking the Luxembourg Gardens: on the right, there is a luxury marble fireplace surmounted by a gilt framed mirror and a flat screen TV set located on the same table where you also find the Internet modem; on the left there is a round table with four padded chairs, a lovely table lamp, a low table with drawers, a leather sofa and a velvet armchair. Two paintings, one of the XVIII century and the other dating back to the XIX century, add an extra fashionable touch to the environment.  A door on the right leads to the master bedroom with parquet, which benefits from stunning views of the gardens. In addition to a massive wardrobe, which rises to the ceiling almost touching it, the room also features a double bed (140 cm), two night tables with antique armchairs, a round table and a wooden chest of drawers.  Comin	Charming, typically Parisian two bedroom apartment of about 75 (website hidden), located between the Luxembourg Gardens and the Pantheon, ideal to immerse yourself deep into the authentic Rive Gauche atmosphere. The apartment opens up onto a foyer with a hat stand and a marble shelf with a XVIII-century clock. Across from the entrance you find the sitting room with parquet flooring overlooking the Luxembourg Gardens: on the right, there is a luxury marble fireplace surmounted by a gilt framed mirror and a flat screen TV set located on the same table where you also find the Internet modem; on the left there is a round table with four padded chairs, a lovely table lamp, a low table with drawers, a leather sofa and a velvet armchair. Two paintings, one of the XVIII century and the other dating back to the XIX century, add an extra fashionable touch to the environment.  A door on the right leads to the master bedroom with parquet, which benefits from stunning views of the gardens. In addit
21649	Perfect location in the centre of Paris, nearby Notre Dame, the Pantheon and the legendary St Germain district.	Perfect location in the centre of Paris, nearby Notre Dame, the Pantheon and the legendary St Germain district. Whole flat 3rd floor, one bedroom, one bathroom, kitchen and living with TV and free wifi Excellent location in the centre of Paris, very touristic, lots of restaurants and shops. Walking distance to lots of touristic places. Direct from CDG via RER to St Michel station, 45 mn OrlyVal to Anthony and RER to St Michel station, 50 mn All transportation available at only 2 mn walking distance (bus, metro and RER) No kid, no pet
21650		Joli studio au coeur du quartier latin
21651	A very cozy and artful apartment on the most authentic side of the Latin Qrtr. The ancient rue Mouffetard is a five minute walk as is the magnificent Jardin des Plantes. The Seine, the Pantheon, and the Luxembourg gardens are a fifteen minute walk. Great location, great sophistication, and great comfort for a private stay in Paris! The apartment is a one bedroom 35 square meter space on the fourth floor without an elevator: - with a large bed for two (190 by 140 cm) in the bedroom and  - a nice single daybed in the living room that doubles as a couch  - the apartment can comfortably sleep three people - there is a bathroom with a shower  - the toilet is separate - and a small kitchen with a fridge, electric tea kettle and an full oven - there is a large flat screen TV with 600 cable channels - wireless internet & stereo with a CD player   - there is also a landline phone with free calls to the US and all European countries - and a library with almost a 1000 books many of which are abou	A very cozy and artful apartment on the most authentic side of the Latin Qrtr. The ancient rue Mouffetard is a five minute walk as is the magnificent Jardin des Plantes. The Seine, the Pantheon, and the Luxembourg gardens are a fifteen minute walk. Great location, great sophistication, and great comfort for a private stay in Paris! The apartment is a one bedroom 35 square meter space on the fourth floor without an elevator: - with a large bed for two (190 by 140 cm) in the bedroom and  - a nice single daybed in the living room that doubles as a couch  - the apartment can comfortably sleep three people - there is a bathroom with a shower  - the toilet is separate - and a small kitchen with a fridge, electric tea kettle and an full oven - there is a large flat screen TV with 600 cable channels - wireless internet & stereo with a CD player   - there is also a landline phone with free calls to the US and all European countries - and a library with almost a 1000 books many of which are abou
21652	A NICE STUDIO, VERY QUITE AREA  , SEPARATE BATHROOM, SEPARATE KITCHEN, PLASMA TV WITH 180 CHANNELS, INTERNET WIFI 100MB A REAL COMFORTABLE BED FOR 2 PERSONS,  ATYPICAL FURNITURE FROM 19 CENTURY  VERY BRIGHT BATHROOM WITH BATHTUB, FULLY FURNISHED KITCHEN , WITH STOVE , MICRO WAVE AND GRILL , FRIDGE , WACHING MACHINE  	A NICE STUDIO, VERY QUITE AREA  , SEPARATE BATHROOM, SEPARATE KITCHEN, PLASMA TV WITH 120 CHANNELS, INTERNET WIFI 100MB A REAL COMFORTABLE BED FOR 2 PERSONS,  ATYPICAL FURNITURE FROM 19 CENTURY  VERY BRIGHT BATHROOM WITH BATHTUB,  FURNISHED KITCHEN A NICE STUDIO, VERY QUITE AREA  , SEPARATE BATHROOM, SEPARATE KITCHEN, PLASMA TV WITH 180 CHANNELS, INTERNET WIFI 100MB A REAL COMFORTABLE BED FOR 2 PERSONS,  ATYPICAL FURNITURE FROM 19 CENTURY  VERY BRIGHT BATHROOM WITH BATHTUB, FULLY FURNISHED KITCHEN , WITH STOVE , MICRO WAVE AND GRILL , FRIDGE , WACHING MACHINE  TOWELS AND SHEET ARE PROVIDED  A FLAT OF 15 CENTURY IN THE BEST AREA OF PARIS. PLACE PANTHEON  CLOSE TO ALL TOURIST ATTRACTIONS, RESTAURANTS, SHOPPING, PARK CLOSE TO METRO, RER, BUS PANTHEON IS  IN THE CENTRUM OF PARIS , VERY EASY TO ACCESS ,  WITH CAB , SUBWAY , METRO , RER , BUS  CHECK IN TIME AFTER  13H AND CHECK  OUT TIME  BEFORE 11 H   IF YOU HAVE HAVE ANY QUESTION DONT HESTIATE TO ASK ME  
21653	"The location: central in the very heart of Paris - Near the ""Pantheon"" (5 minutes by foot) - Near the river ""La Seine"" (10 minutes by foot) - Near Notre-Dame (15 minutes by foot) The apartment is fully equiped, with kitchen, a beautiful living room, bathrooms and elevator. All transports means are available by foot: tube, bus, bike stations, train "	"In the heart of Paris near Notre-Dame de Paris, I live in a spacious and cosy apartment with my lovely roommate Victoria.  The bedroom for two is spacious, calm and filled with light. I look forward to welcoming you! The location: central in the very heart of Paris - Near the ""Pantheon"" (5 minutes by foot) - Near the river ""La Seine"" (10 minutes by foot) - Near Notre-Dame (15 minutes by foot) The apartment is fully equiped, with kitchen, a beautiful living room, bathrooms and elevator. All transports means are available by foot: tube, bus, bike stations, train You will have access to: - Internet WIFI - Elevator I am usually on the move during the stay of my guests and will not be staying at the appartment.  But I will be there to welcome you to meet you on your first day of arrival to give you the keys and maybe have a drink at home with you! The little shops, the gardens nearby, the bakeries/groceries, the atmosphere of a typical parisian quarter - 2 tube stations nearby - 1 bus stati"
21654	5th floor, no elevator, in an old building. For 2 people, the studio has a kitchen corner with electric hob, fridge, microwave ; a bathroom with a bath tub and a toilet ; a sofa bed for 2 people. Floor : carpet and tiles. Please note that there is no elevator, and no Wi-Fi.	I rent my 17 sq m studio for 2 people, located between place Maubert and le Panthéon, 10 minutes walk from the cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris. Exposed beams, enlighted, quiet, nice area. 5th floor, no elevator, in an old building. For 2 people, the studio has a kitchen corner with electric hob, fridge, microwave ; a bathroom with a bath tub and a toilet ; a sofa bed for 2 people. Floor : carpet and tiles. Please note that there is no elevator, and no Wi-Fi. In the heart of the quartier Latin : nearby the Sorbonne university, the Panthéon, the Jardin des Plantes, Paris Great Mosque, the cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris. Very nice and safe area. A lot of students, many bars with affordable prices. Métro 10 stop at Maubert-Mutualité, or Métro 4 stop at Saint-Michel or Odéon (10 minutes walk) A lot of buses !
21655		appartement lumineux/6eme étage avec ascenseur, vue sur panthéon, à 2 pas du quartier latin, tout proche station RER luxembourg (RER B vers aéroport Orly ou Roissy CDG). Appartement cosy, parfait pour couple. Traversant, cuisine américaine.
21656	Live in Paris one week, for visit and know the life of Parisian family.  We live in « Quartier Latin », between Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, and Le Jardin des Plantes (two minutes walk away) and we like it!  Also you can go to the Louvre, the Eiffel tower, the Louvre or the Cite des Sciences by metro (the metro station Jussieu is 3 minutes walk away down the street), bus, bicycles or boat very quickly.  It is sunny, calm with its independent entrance and located on the rez-de-chaussee.  It is 40sq meters (430 sq feet); there is a double size bed, a lounge with a sofa bed, a small kitchenette with sink, two heating plate and microwave. The bathroom is functional with shower, sink and lavatory.  Around your flat you can find little French bistro, cafés and very good restaurants. In the morning the openair market in the Mouffetard is calling you.  You are welcome! 	I have the pleasure to welcom you in my two-room apartment. The location is perfect: five minutes’ walk from Notre Dame, le Panthéon, la rue Mouffetard ... Come with your partner or/and your children to discover Paris and its most beautiful ! Live in Paris one week, for visit and know the life of Parisian family.  We live in « Quartier Latin », between Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, and Le Jardin des Plantes (two minutes walk away) and we like it!  Also you can go to the Louvre, the Eiffel tower, the Louvre or the Cite des Sciences by metro (the metro station Jussieu is 3 minutes walk away down the street), bus, bicycles or boat very quickly.  It is sunny, calm with its independent entrance and located on the rez-de-chaussee.  It is 40sq meters (430 sq feet); there is a double size bed, a lounge with a sofa bed, a small kitchenette with sink, two heating plate and microwave. The bathroom is functional with shower, sink and lavatory.  Around your flat you can find little French bistro, cafés 
21657	1 chambre + living cuisine équipée : LL séchant, LV, Four + microonde, et tout le matériel nécessaire. Salle de bain moderne + sèche cheveux.  2 jeux de serviettes et de couettes chauffage électrique basse température Fenêtres double vitrages TV freebox + internet et wifi digicode + interphone	Appartement récemment rénové. 28 m2  Petite vue jardin des plantes et sur les toits Soleil matin et après midi très calme 1er étage, situé dans un immeuble de charme de 1850  Grand lit queen size 1 canapé transformable pour couchage d'appoint 1 chambre + living cuisine équipée : LL séchant, LV, Four + microonde, et tout le matériel nécessaire. Salle de bain moderne + sèche cheveux.  2 jeux de serviettes et de couettes chauffage électrique basse température Fenêtres double vitrages TV freebox + internet et wifi digicode + interphone totalité très bon quartier calme et bien fréquenté.  10' à pieds de la rue Mouffetard Face au jardin des plantes et Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle métro : Austerlitz avec RER, et censier 15 jours minimum entre le 27/07 et le 28/08
21658	AMENITIES: - 1 comfortable double bedroom and 1 convertible sofa bed - Dishwasher, washer/dryer and hairdryer - 1st floor with an elevator - Free high-speed WIFI and cable television - METRO : Maubert-Mutualité (Line 10) This apartment is in a prime location but without a premium price. Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience.  On entering the apartment there is the kitchen to your left and living room to your right. The kitchen is designed to optimize its space, with all the necessary equipment you would need to cook a full meal using the beautifully fresh local produce. The kitchen has a 4-plate electric stove top with an oven and dishwasher. There is also a Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, microwave, fridge and all the utensils, plates and cutlery you could need.  Just beyond the kitchen is the master bathroom. The bathroom is compact but has all the necessary utilit	1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, 1 Kitchen, 1 Living Area, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: - 1 comfortable double bedroom and 1 convertible sofa bed - Dishwasher, washer/dryer and hairdryer - 1st floor with an elevator - Free high-speed WIFI and cable television - METRO : Maubert-Mutualité (Line 10) This apartment is in a prime location but without a premium price. Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience.  On entering the apartment there is the kitchen to your left and living room to your right. The kitchen is designed to optimize its space, with all the necessary equipment you would need to cook a full meal using the beautifully fresh local produce. The kitchen has a 4-plate electric stove top with an oven and dishwasher. There is also a Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, microwave, fridge and all the utensils, plates and cutlery you could need.  Just beyond the kitchen is the master bathroom
21659	Hello, I would be happy to answer your questions if the following is not sufficient:  -Nutshell Rue d'Ulm 75005 PARIS 2 Bedroom, 2 bathrooms - 6th Floor (with elevator) 100m2/1080 square feet -Transportation: easy access from CDG or Gare du Nord Metro Stops: Luxembourg (direct from CDG Airport / Gard du Nord Train) Cardinal Lemoine, Place Monge.  -Main pluses: Leather couches and classic features such has parquet floor and large French windows. Elevator Balcony with breakfast table Spacious and fully equiped -Who would be happy there? This apartment welcomes two couples comfortably or a large family .  -Location .Within 100 m of rue Mouffetard, numerous cafes and restaurants, and two very lively outdoor markets twice weekly .Right next to Luxembourg Garden -Sleeping arrangements: .Real bed for a couple .Convertible couch for another couple .Futon in the living room for a single person .Linens and towels are provided in all apartments -What else? .Eat: Full equipped kitchen, including d	Beautiful elevator apartment at the top floor of a small building inside the Latin Quarter.  Wooden floors, balcony, paintings... The most charming place you could find at a reasonable price. Hello, I would be happy to answer your questions if the following is not sufficient:  -Nutshell Rue d'Ulm 75005 PARIS 2 Bedroom, 2 bathrooms - 6th Floor (with elevator) 100m2/1080 square feet -Transportation: easy access from CDG or Gare du Nord Metro Stops: Luxembourg (direct from CDG Airport / Gard du Nord Train) Cardinal Lemoine, Place Monge.  -Main pluses: Leather couches and classic features such has parquet floor and large French windows. Elevator Balcony with breakfast table Spacious and fully equiped -Who would be happy there? This apartment welcomes two couples comfortably or a large family .  -Location .Within 100 m of rue Mouffetard, numerous cafes and restaurants, and two very lively outdoor markets twice weekly .Right next to Luxembourg Garden -Sleeping arrangements: .Real bed for a c
21660		Very nice cosy place for two people who don't care if they stay at the place which has 9m2. Double bed and a lift. Many place around you can go to in the evening and enjoy your time in Paris. Bars and restaurants. Have fun guys !!! And take a test !!!
21661	Centrally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the 5th arrondissement, this flat has so much charm that's typical of 'the old Paris': apparent wood beams and a lovely view over the rooftops of Paris' oldest neighbourhood. Located on the top floor facing a quaint and quiet courtyard, it's an escape from the bustle of the rue rue Mouffetard just below. My flat has an open kitchen and living room, a large bedroom (with a big king-size bed) and small bathroom. It sleeps 3 people comfortably The kitchen comes fully equipped. I live in an ideal location: within 5mins on foot of the famous Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg, and a 15-min walk from the historical quarter of Saint Germain des Près and Notre Dame Cathedral. Walking to all these places is the ideal way to explore Paris! There are many supermarkets within a few minutes walk, as well as a market on the Place Monge a stone-throw away.. There are so many restaurants and cafés to choose from, you might never want to leave t	Centrally located in the heart of Paris' Latin Quarter, welcome to my flat brimming with Parisian charm: a quiet, cozy flat perfect for 2 (max 3), within walking distance of most of Paris' beautiful sights (Panthéon, Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg) Centrally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the 5th arrondissement, this flat has so much charm that's typical of 'the old Paris': apparent wood beams and a lovely view over the rooftops of Paris' oldest neighbourhood. Located on the top floor facing a quaint and quiet courtyard, it's an escape from the bustle of the rue rue Mouffetard just below. My flat has an open kitchen and living room, a large bedroom (with a big king-size bed) and small bathroom. It sleeps 3 people comfortably The kitchen comes fully equipped. I live in an ideal location: within 5mins on foot of the famous Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg, and a 15-min walk from the historical quarter of Saint Germain des Près and Notre Dame Cathedral. Walking to all
21662	Il nostro appartamento e al 10 piano di un palazzo moderno, con 2 balconi e una stupenda vista su Parigi. Camminando per 20 minuti arriverete nei principali quartieri storici della città.	Appartement moderne et confortable au 10e étage avec ascenseur. Chambre idéal pour vos enfants, proche du Jardin des Plantes, de la Seine, avec accès direct à Versailles. Accès à la cuisine, au salon et salles d'eaux. Mise à disposition de guides et plans de la ville. Extrêmement central, à 5 minutes du quartier Mouffetard, il permet l'accès à tous les quartiers historiques de Paris en 20 minutes. Deux lignes de métros, deux gares à proximité, accès direct au Chateau de Versailles.
21663	I live myself in the flat during most of the year with my girlfriend, and we really like staying there. Therefore we want you to feel like home, but also to take care of our place as if it were yours. It is a home, not a hotel, please keep that in mind. I think it is a place ideally suited for two people, in quiet area (no noise from the street during the night). However, for a short stay, we have the capacity to accommodate up to 5 persons, keeping in mind that we know Paris can be very expensive and we want to propose a cheap but yet comfortable stay. The flat has 42m2  and has an half open-plan living/sleeping area. There is a functional (website hidden) works for music or dvd only. The location is great, between  5 or 10 minutes to Cathédrale Notre Dame by bus. I am sure you will enjoy your stay :)	The best thing about this flat is it's great location, walking distance to Notre Dame, Luxembourg and very easy access to all the touristic places. It is also warm and cosy and I live there most of the year. I love it and I'm sure you will too I live myself in the flat during most of the year with my girlfriend, and we really like staying there. Therefore we want you to feel like home, but also to take care of our place as if it were yours. It is a home, not a hotel, please keep that in mind. I think it is a place ideally suited for two people, in quiet area (no noise from the street during the night). However, for a short stay, we have the capacity to accommodate up to 5 persons, keeping in mind that we know Paris can be very expensive and we want to propose a cheap but yet comfortable stay. The flat has 42m2  and has an half open-plan living/sleeping area. There is a functional (website hidden) works for music or dvd only. The location is great, between  5 or 10 minutes to Cathédrale
21664	Amazing location, in the heart of Paris: Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Pantheon, Sorbonne, Saint Germain des Pres ...	Warm and sweet home in heart of mythical Quartier Latin/Saint-Michel/Saint-Germain. Near all commodities and museums, Notre Dame Cathedral, Pantheon, saint - Germain, alive streets, restaurants and pubs. Small bedroom and living room. All equipped. You only need to bring your luggage and enjoy the most beautiful city in the world!
21665	This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Around it, you Will find the Pantheon, bouquinists, the Marais, Pont de la Tournelle where everybody seems to want to become immortal by locking their padlock to the bridge. You will enjoy the high roof with old girders, charm of old Paris. The building is very well maintained and the door is totally secure. It is located on the sixth floor at the top of original and beautifully preserved stairs. The apartment is located in an area where old buildings are preserved, so this is Paris authentic and there is no elevator. For you comings and goings, the apartment is no more than 50 yards from taxi-stand, metro and bus stop with RER not far away also.  Remember, it is the very center of Paris from which all distances in France are measured. Bed linen and towels provided.	This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  It is the very center of Paris, great to visit all Paris monuments. This unique apartment is located in the old part of Paris, facing Ile Saint-Louis and with a view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Around it, you Will find the Pantheon, bouquinists, the Marais, Pont de la Tournelle where everybody seems to want to become immortal by locking their padlock to the bridge. You will enjoy the high roof with old girders, charm of old Paris. The building is very well maintained and the door is totally secure. It is located on the sixth floor at the top of original and beautifully preserved stairs. The apartment is located in an area where old buildings are preserved, so this is Paris authentic and there is no elevator. For you comings and goings, the apartment is no more than 50 yards from taxi-stand, metro and bus stop with RER not far away also.  Remember, it is the 
21666		Au centre de Paris, dans le quartier latin, studio de 18m2 dans rue piétonne, 1er étage pas de vis, très clair ensoleillé grande hauteur sous plafond, mezzanine de couchage 2 pers proche fac (Sorbonne, Médecine, Jussieu.....) loc préférence à l'année
21667	"The comfortable apartment, has : - Spacious living room with a kitchen equipped, dining table, TV, DVD player, ... - One bedroom with a double bed - A children's room with 2 separated junior beds (whe changed the beds, so no elevated or baby's beds anymore) - A laundry with awhing/ drying machine  - A bathroom with a bath and toilet - A large dressing The apartment is close to all shops, public transportation, bars and restaurants. The area is lively but quiet and very ""secure"" . Metro: Maubert- Mutualité or Cardinal Lemoine (line 10 ) Jussieu (line 7) Bus: (phone number hidden), ..."	3 bedroom apartment of 65m2, situated on Boulevard Saint- Germain in the heart of Paris : - 2 minute walk to the Seine , booksellers , boats fly ... - 5 minutes walk from the Ile Saint -Louis - 10 minutes walk from the Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, Saint -Michel and the Latin Quarter but also the Jardin des Plantes . - 15 minute walk from the Pantheon, the Jardin du Luxembourg, rue Mouffetard . - A few metro stops from the Opera district , Bastille, Marais, Chatelet and Champs Elysées . Ideal for a family with children in the heart of Paris . The comfortable apartment, has : - Spacious living room with a kitchen equipped, dining table, TV, DVD player, ... - One bedroom with a double bed - A children's room with 2 separated junior beds (whe changed the beds, so no elevated or baby's beds anymore) - A laundry with awhing/ drying machine  - A bathroom with a bath and toilet - A large dressing The apartment is close to all shops, public transportation, bars and restaurants. The area is li
21668	L'ensemble de l'appartement sont la cuisine équipée de plaques à cuisson, fours, vaisselle, la salle de bain avec machine à laver, les toilettes, la chambre etc - Un lit 2 personnes dans la pièce principale. - Un lit 1 personne et un matelas très confortable 1 personne dans la chambre: ~ 4 personnes peuvent être accueillis  Quartier très sympathique  Métro, bus, Vélib	Dans le quartier des Gobelins, 13eme au bord du 5eme À 20 min à pieds du boulevard Saint Germain, à quelques pas du jardin des plantes, profitez d'un 2 pièces meublé très propre, calme et bien situé.  Tout à proximité, Bus, Métro, Vélib, commerces... Vous y serez très bien accueilli! L'ensemble de l'appartement sont la cuisine équipée de plaques à cuisson, fours, vaisselle, la salle de bain avec machine à laver, les toilettes, la chambre etc - Un lit 2 personnes dans la pièce principale. - Un lit 1 personne et un matelas très confortable 1 personne dans la chambre: ~ 4 personnes peuvent être accueillis  Quartier très sympathique  Métro, bus, Vélib Vous disposez de l'intégralité de l'appartement! Je suis disponible et dans le quartier si besoin durant la durée de votre séjour. Quartier très sympathique! Métro, bus, Vélib N'hésitez pas si besoin si vous avez des démarches administratives, visites, expos, restos etc, je peux vous aider, je connais bien le quartier et Paris.  Avec plaisir!
21669		Nice and cozy apartment with a lot to visit at less than 15 minutes walking distance (Notre Dame de Paris, Panthéon, Luxembourg). 1 big bedroom and 1 large living room. It is fully equipped with kitchen, wifi, ...
21670	In the heart of the old  Paris and in the quartier latin ,a very quiet and charming apartment for five people only used for the renting, ,renewed and fresh in the summer.On the 4th floor with a lift, you'll sure enjoy your stay in this lovely apartment. 2 buses(89 and 67) and 2 lines of metro(7 and 10) at 50m and a lot of restaurants and supermarkets in the street. Pascal and Christine ,the owners live in the same building and can help you if you need to have good holidays!	In the heart of the old  Paris and in the quartier latin ,a very quiet and charming apartment for five people only used for the renting, ,renewed and fresh in the summer.On the 4th floor with a lift, you'll sure enjoy your stay in this lovely apartment. 2 buses(89 and 67) and 2 lines of metro(7 and 10) at 50m and a lot of restaurants and supermarkets in the street. Pascal and Christine ,the owners live in the same building and can help you if you need to have good holidays!
21671	3 pièces au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Cet appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes maximum (1 chambre et 1 canapé convertible dans le salon) et est équipé d'une cuisine avec plaques électriques, four, bouilloire, cafetière et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Salle de bain, WC séparés.  Vous trouverez également à votre disposition une télévision équipée d'une Freebox, abonnement Bein Sports, INTERNET/WIFI, un fer à repasser, un sèche cheveux, une machine à laver.  Cet appartement se situe à quelques minutes à pieds du Jardin des plantes, des Arènes de Lutèce, du quartier Gobelins, Mouffetard Saint-medard. Un quartier très vivant, entouré de restaurants, commerces, de monuments historiques (Val de Grâce, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Hôtel de Cluny), de musées (Institut du Monde Arabe, Collège des Bernardins, musée d'Histoire Naturelle) et aussi de nombreux jardins (jardin des Plantes, jardin du Luxembourg et jardin des Arènes de Lutèce). Il est également à deux pas des quais de Seine et de	"Paris 13e /5e, charming 2 rooms, 1 bedroom, appartment, close to the jardin des plantes, the moufetard and Gobelins neighborhood and not far from the river Seine. A really nice and typical parisian appartment to enjoy your stay in the city of light. The 5th Arrondissement of Paris is one of the best known of the city's central districts, located on the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) of the river Seine. Also commonly known as the ""Latin Quarter"" because the first great Parisian university, the Sorbonne, was founded (and can be still be found) here and Latin was the language the medieval period students used once to speak. The 5th was also the core of ancient Gallo-Roman Paris, as revealed in a number of otherwise rare archaeological remains that can be seen within the district. The area still has a significant student presence, with several universities and schools of higher education being located in the area.  You are not far from one of Paris liveliest streets, both day and night, the renow"
21672		Bel appartement plein de charme avec poutres apparentes et tommettes. Idéal pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis, il garde toute sa fraîcheur en été et est totalement équipé -ventilateur inclu. Très bien situé entre Notre Dame et jardin du Luxembourg
21673	"LIKE A LITTLE HOUSE IN TOWN ...! In the old historical center of Paris Ile de la Cité and Ile Saint Louis , at just a stone throw from Notre Dame , I propose a large and stylish three piece at the ground floor of a rated building 18 th century , where lived the President of the Republic, François Mitterrand . For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere on the river Seine"" rive gauche"" , I propose you this apartment of 70 m2 in a unique and stylish environment where you can enjoy the charm of living particularly Maubert neighborhood famous , while living in calm. You will have the privilege , as you walk near you , discover stalls "" booksellers "" along the Seine and continue walking in the Ile St Louis to visit Notre Dame and a little further after crossing the ""Marie bridge"" or the old ""bridge of Arcole "" joining the famous Marais of Paris, Place des Vosges , Beaubourg, the Sainte Chapelle , the Picasso Museum or the Louvre. After crossing the famous bridges over the river S"	"Cet appartement à l'atmosphère unique et romantique répond parfaitement par son originalité au Paris Bohême, Artistique et Culturel que ses visiteurs viennent (website hidden) a la douceur de vivre et le charme d'une maison de ville en bordure de Seine. LIKE A LITTLE HOUSE IN TOWN ...! In the old historical center of Paris Ile de la Cité and Ile Saint Louis , at just a stone throw from Notre Dame , I propose a large and stylish three piece at the ground floor of a rated building 18 th century , where lived the President of the Republic, François Mitterrand . For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere on the river Seine"" rive gauche"" , I propose you this apartment of 70 m2 in a unique and stylish environment where you can enjoy the charm of living particularly Maubert neighborhood famous , while living in calm. You will have the privilege , as you walk near you , discover stalls "" booksellers "" along the Seine and continue walking in the Ile St Louis to visit Notre Dame and "
21674		Deux-pièces meublés, 3ème et dernier étage. Traversant avec balcon et chambre donnant sur la cour. Très calme et chaleureux.
21675	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: located between Jardin des Plantes and the Pantheon. Two blocks away from Luxembourg, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain-des-Prés (15-20 min by feet) with its famous cafés, and last but not least, you are in the very heart of Quartier Latin.  The apartment is in a typical haussmanien building, located in one of the best district of Paris. Very central. This  apartment offers a large living space with a comfy sofa-bed for two, the wifi, a fully equiped kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with an elevator and a balcony. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this apartment a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, the Quartier Latin or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. This is a perfect alternative to over priced hotels in the area.  Linens, towel	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: located between Jardin des Plantes and the Pantheon. Two blocks away from Luxembourg, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain-des-Prés (15-20 min by feet) with its famous cafés, and last but not least, you are in the very heart of Quartier Latin.  The apartment is in a typical haussmanien building, located in one of the best district of Paris. Very central. This  apartment offers a large living space with a comfy sofa-bed for two, the wifi, a fully equiped kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with an elevator and a balcony. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this apartment a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, the Quartier Latin or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. This is a perfect alternative to over priced hotels in the area.  Linens, towel
21676		Il s'agit d'un tout petit et calme studio situé dans l'historique quartier latin où vous pourrez vous reposer en toute quiétude après avoir flâné au bord de le Seine, promené au Jardin des Plantes, visité Paris ou bouquiné au jardin du Luxembourg. Le quartier très agréable est un des plus touristiques de Paris mais malgré tout une vie de quartier perdure, notamment dans la rue Mouffetard qui garde des allures de petit village avec se cafés, son poissonnier, bouchers, fromagers, cavistes...  De nombreux points touristiques sont faciles d'accès à pied ou à vélo (station de location de vélo à 3min) : Le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg, La grande mosquée, L'institut du monde Arabe, Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Saint Germain, La Sorbonne, Odéon, le Louvre, les quais de Seine, .... des lignes de métro et de bus menant vers tous les points touristiques de Paris se trouvent entre 3 et 15 minutes de marche à partir du studio.
21677	C'est un appartement extrêmement lumineux, avec beaucoup de couleurs, ce qui lui donne du charme et il y a un plafond de 3m de haut, avec des poutres en bois, ce qui donne de l'espace et un esprit montagneux. On s'y sent bien, c'est idéal pour un couple d'amis ou d'amoureux, de plus il se situe en plein centre, à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg pour les amateurs de jardins et de ballades. 	C'est un appartement très lumineux, avec quatre grandes fenêtres. Il dispose d'un lit et d'une chauffeuse, il est donc possible de venir à trois. C'est un endroit spacieux et chaleureux, de plus, il se situe à 5 min à pied du Jardin du Luxembourg. C'est un appartement extrêmement lumineux, avec beaucoup de couleurs, ce qui lui donne du charme et il y a un plafond de 3m de haut, avec des poutres en bois, ce qui donne de l'espace et un esprit montagneux. On s'y sent bien, c'est idéal pour un couple d'amis ou d'amoureux, de plus il se situe en plein centre, à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg pour les amateurs de jardins et de ballades. Toutes. Je suis joignable à n'importe quel moment si vous avez besoin d'aide. L'appartement se situe dans le quartier du 5ème arrondissement, en plein centre. C'est un quartier étudiant, ça bouge beaucoup sans être trop bruyant. Il y a la rue Mouffetard juste à côté, pour les sorties, très réputée à Paris avec toutes sortes de bars, boutiques et restaurants
21678	"Located in the historic heart of Paris, but incredibly quiet, this newly designed apartment can accommodate 4 people with a gracious amount of space in a very ""hip"" decor. And when you step outside, it literally is at THE Place St. Michel ! You are only ten minutes walk to Cathedral Notre Dame, Musée du Louvre, Saint Germain des Prés, and direct transportation to Musée d'Orsay (5 minutes), Tour Eiffel (10 minutes) and Chateau de Versailles (35 minutes). Last but not least, you'll run across a flat that is not just an apartment to let, but a real home ! I'll be happy to help you feel at home! (Remember that two of the bedding the bedrooms are for kids!)"	"Located in the historic heart of Paris, but incredibly quiet, this newly designed apartment can accommodate 4 people with a gracious amount of space in a very ""hip"" decor. And when you step outside, it literally is at THE Place St. Michel ! You are only ten minutes walk to Cathedral Notre Dame, Musée du Louvre, Saint Germain des Prés, and direct transportation to Musée d'Orsay (5 minutes), Tour Eiffel (10 minutes) and Chateau de Versailles (35 minutes). Last but not least, you'll run across a flat that is not just an apartment to let, but a real home ! I'll be happy to help you feel at home! (Remember that two of the bedding the bedrooms are for kids!) Everything in the flat! As little of as much as you would like. Center of the city and you can walk to everything! Metro St. Michel and RER check in is from 2 pm and check out at 11 am however we can be flexible with these hours if possible!!!"
21679	Beautiful sutdio in the 5th arrondissement (Latin Quarter). Just 2 minutes from the RER station Luxembourg. And a 5 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. The apartment is well-suited to a couple or a person travelling alone. As well as the RER, there is also many bus stops 2 minutes away where the 38, 91 and 83 buses pass (the latter which takes you to the Champs Elysées. We are also well-served by night buses, and close to Vélib' (bicycle renting) stations. You will be in the true center of Paris, the apartment is very well placed in Paris, with a lot of transport facilities ! Please don't hesistate to send me a message if you have any further questions.	Studio de 15m2, à 5 minutes du jardin du luxembourg Très beau quartier proche de nombreux métros Cuisine équipée Canapé-lit 2 places Toilette commune sur le palier Facilement accessible depuis Orly et Roissy grâce au RER B ! Beautiful sutdio in the 5th arrondissement (Latin Quarter). Just 2 minutes from the RER station Luxembourg. And a 5 minute walk from the stunning Luxembourg gardens, the Pantheon, Saint-Michel area and so much more! A good and very safe area of Paris. The apartment is well-suited to a couple or a person travelling alone. As well as the RER, there is also many bus stops 2 minutes away where the 38, 91 and 83 buses pass (the latter which takes you to the Champs Elysées. We are also well-served by night buses, and close to Vélib' (bicycle renting) stations. You will be in the true center of Paris, the apartment is very well placed in Paris, with a lot of transport facilities ! Please don't hesistate to send me a message if you have any further questions. I live in the
21680	"The Apartment : -One Bedroom apartment of 28sqm. It is a charming parisian style flat (from the 18th century) with ""poutres"" (beams), and wooden floor. Fully refurbished in 2012 and decorated by an interior architect. Full of light (3 windows in the living room and last floor).  -The apartment is rue de la Montagne sainte-geneviève, one of the most famous streets in Paris for its charm. The apartment is on 4th floor. -For safety, There is a main gate with digicode. Extra AMENITIES :  LIVING-ROOM  -32inch flat screen, cable TV (international channels included),  -High speed WIFI. -Sound dock for iPod, iPad and Android, works as well Bluetooth and as an Aux.  -DVD player. -Plug adaptator BATHROOM with glass shower. -Towels -Hair-drier -Hand-soap provided ! Fully equipped KITCHEN : Microwave/Oven, Fridge, Washing/Drying-machine, Dishwasher, Vitroceramics, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Machine and even a juice maker. AREA : close to a lot of Walking sights Around the corner :  -Full of bars and "	"The Apartment : -One Bedroom apartment of 28sqm. It is a charming parisian style flat (from the 18th century) with ""poutres"" (beams), and wooden floor. Fully refurbished in 2012 and decorated by an interior architect. Full of light (3 windows in the living room and last floor).  -The apartment is rue de la Montagne sainte-geneviève, one of the most famous streets in Paris for its charm. The apartment is on 4th floor. -For safety, There is a main gate with digicode. Extra AMENITIES :  LIVING-ROOM  -32inch flat screen, cable TV (international channels included),  -High speed WIFI. -Sound dock for iPod, iPad and Android, works as well Bluetooth and as an Aux.  -DVD player. -Plug adaptator BATHROOM with glass shower. -Towels -Hair-drier -Hand-soap provided ! Fully equipped KITCHEN : Microwave/Oven, Fridge, Washing/Drying-machine, Dishwasher, Vitroceramics, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Machine and even a juice maker. AREA : close to a lot of Walking sights Around the corner :  -Full of bars and "
21681	The flat is located in a very ancient building 1759!But the apartment is bran new,just renovated in july 2014! 1mn walk to metro station Cluny La sorbonne 5mn walk to train station RER B to/from CDG and Orly airport 5mn walk to Notre Dame Cathedral 3mn walk to open market 3/week organic food too Buses,shops,restaurants everywhere. From the apartment you will be able to walk around paris very easily. A bottle of champagne will be waiting for you for the Bienvenue! 	"The flat is located in a very ancient building 1759!But the apartment is bran new,just renovated in july 2014! 1mn walk to metro station Cluny La sorbonne 5mn walk to train station RER B to/from CDG and Orly airport 5mn walk to Notre Dame Cathedral 3mn walk to open market 3/week organic food too Buses,shops,restaurants everywhere. From the apartment you will be able to walk around paris very easily. A bottle of champagne will be waiting for you for the Bienvenue! Wifi,internet,tv,fan,2 bath rob,towels,sheets,all kitchen furniture  If you need any information about visiting Paris information about restaurants,I shall be very glad to help you,i know Paris by heart! In this  section named ""Quartier Latin""beside museums,monuments,there are two beautiful gardens""Jardin du Luxembourg and ""Jardin des Plantes""Where you will be able to rest By walking (5mn)you will cross the river(la seine) and get on the right bank of Paris From/to Airport Charles De Gaule and ORLY take the RER B direct to sta"
21682		Ideally located on top of a parisian hill, my studio is near very lively areas, metro lines 5,7,  10 and many bus lines!
21683	1 large bedroom with double bed, a big leather convertible sofa with a top class mattress in the living room (2 people can sleep), large new kitchen all equipped with granite cooking table, new bathroom with a tub and Japanese shower toilette. Building is old but inside is only 3 year old.  All the rooms are comfortably furnished, linen provided and you can just walk in with your suitcase and start to live a Parisien life. 	Really Parisien apartment on the 6th floor in the heart of Latin quarter, with elevator and south-facing balcony.  Between Notre-Dame and Pantheon. Convenient to visit museums, attend conferences in univ, good restaurants, cafes and shopping areas. 1 large bedroom with double bed, a big leather convertible sofa with a top class mattress in the living room (2 people can sleep), large new kitchen all equipped with granite cooking table, new bathroom with a tub and Japanese shower toilette. Building is old but inside is only 3 year old.  All the rooms are comfortably furnished, linen provided and you can just walk in with your suitcase and start to live a Parisien life. In the kitchen, there are dish washer, oven, microwave, water kettle, rice cooker and toaster. I live not far from this apartment so you can always ask me questions. Write to me in English or in French. Between Notre-Dame and Pantheon. Convenient to visit museums, attend conferences at the Sorbonne/College de France/Colleg
21684		"Cosy apartment on the top floor of a 17th century building in the heart of the vibrant and charming Latin Quarter. Situated a few steps away from St Michel and Notre Dame. This apartment is ideal for a couple or a family with up to two children. The apartment is situated in the 5th arrondissement within the historic latin quarter. The Seine river, the Musée de Cluny and the iconic Notre Dame Cathedral are just within a five minute walk from the apartment. It is also within walking distance to la Sorbonne, the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg. When taking the metro, you can get off either at St Michel (line 4) or Cluny la Sorbonne (line 10). You can also take the RER B or C to ""St Michel Notre Dame"".  Arriving from the airport is very easy and direct. The RER B departing from the Charles de Gaulle airport will take you directly to Notre Dame St Michel (it is a 35 minute ride)."
21685	I AM REALLY SORRY ABOUT THE PICTURES, NO MATTER WHAT I DO THEY ARE STILL UP SIDE DOWN! Beautiful 20m2/66sq ft apartment between Saint Michel and Odeon. Located in a lively street, with a great variety of cafés and restaurants at the heart of Paris. It is in a very well known street that is very beautiful.  Near all Parisian main attractions (Orsay Museum, Georges Pompidou Museum, Eiffel Tower, Luxembourg Garden, Louvre Museum, etc…) A short 2 minute walk to the nearest metro station (Saint Michel), to the Saint Michel Fountain, the Seine and 5 minutes to Notre Dame de Paris.  Located on the first floor of a small building, with easy access.  The apartment consists of a small kitchen (oven, refrigerator, electric stove, kitchen sink and a small kitchen island for eating); a separate bathroom (with shower, WC and sink), and a living room (with a sofa bed, a table for eating and a plasma TV).  It comes with every utensil you might need (coffee maker, toaster, washing machine, blender...) 	I AM REALLY SORRY ABOUT THE PICTURES, NO MATTER WHAT I DO THEY ARE STILL UP SIDE DOWN! Beautiful 20m2/66sq ft apartment between Saint Michel and Odeon. Located in a lively street, with a great variety of cafés and restaurants at the heart of Paris.  I AM REALLY SORRY ABOUT THE PICTURES, NO MATTER WHAT I DO THEY ARE STILL UP SIDE DOWN! Beautiful 20m2/66sq ft apartment between Saint Michel and Odeon. Located in a lively street, with a great variety of cafés and restaurants at the heart of Paris. It is in a very well known street that is very beautiful.  Near all Parisian main attractions (Orsay Museum, Georges Pompidou Museum, Eiffel Tower, Luxembourg Garden, Louvre Museum, etc…) A short 2 minute walk to the nearest metro station (Saint Michel), to the Saint Michel Fountain, the Seine and 5 minutes to Notre Dame de Paris.  Located on the first floor of a small building, with easy access.  The apartment consists of a small kitchen (oven, refrigerator, electric stove, kitchen sink and a sm
21686	70 m2, 4 rooms, in the heart of the 5th for 2/5 people. Facing La Sorbonne on the Montagne Sainte Genevieve, one of the old building in Paris. Old bathroom but modern cuisine! Piano in the lounge.	Opposite the Sorbonne, very Parisian apartment of 70 m2,full of books and history. 2 bedrooms, 1 extra bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge. The bathroom is dated but functional. A few steps from the Pantheon and the Luxembourg. Moments to live...       70 m2, 4 rooms, in the heart of the 5th for 2/5 people. Facing La Sorbonne on the Montagne Sainte Genevieve, one of the old building in Paris. Old bathroom but modern cuisine! Piano in the lounge. Rented in its entirety, lived part of the year.  coffee, tea and some food available Owner available by phone during your stay. Bookstores, shops, museums, old Paris. RER B, métro Odéon, Cluny La Sorbonne Bus (phone number hidden)
21687	The space is a typical and charming Parisian apartment: beautiful wooden floor, old fireplace, moldings on the walls and ceilings. It is a one-bedroom, 35 square meter space. Absolutely perfect for 2 people (real bed in bedroom), and there is a comfortable sofa-bed in the living-room that can host one extra person, or 2 children. It is very quiet, which is important when you need to get some well-deserved rest after a day spent in the city. A lot of daylight, and it stays cool during the Summer as the windows are oriented court side of the building, which is also why it is so quiet and peaceful. You'll never suffer from the heat, there is some kind of natural A/C here :) You get the full package: a quiet, beautiful and typical Parisian apartment in the very heart of the city.	Peaceful, charming and quiet Parisian flat in the very heart of Paris. 5 min walk to Notre Dame, Saint-Michel and the Latin Quarter, 3 min walk to the Pantheon/Jardin du Luxembourg, and 10 min walk to the very well-known Saint Germain des Prés area. The space is a typical and charming Parisian apartment: beautiful wooden floor, old fireplace, moldings on the walls and ceilings. It is a one-bedroom, 35 square meter space. Absolutely perfect for 2 people (real bed in bedroom), and there is a comfortable sofa-bed in the living-room that can host one extra person, or 2 children. It is very quiet, which is important when you need to get some well-deserved rest after a day spent in the city. A lot of daylight, and it stays cool during the Summer as the windows are oriented court side of the building, which is also why it is so quiet and peaceful. You'll never suffer from the heat, there is some kind of natural A/C here :) You get the full package: a quiet, beautiful and typical Parisian apar
21688	STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows give on the street but they are double glazed. The apartment is then very quiet. LAYOUT This lovely 45 sqm apartment can sleep up to four guests. It has been entirely renovated, it is bright, comfortable, with high ceilings, the bathroom and the kitchen are spotless. The entrance directly gives on the main room. It has been divided in several areas. You will first enter the dining area. It features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining area. It is well equipped, nice tiles separate it from the rest of the room and its wooden floor. The living area features a convertible couch (with a sleep for one person 120x190) and a coffee table. The apartment has two sleeping areas : the bedroom and the mezzanine. The bedroom is accessible from the dining-room. It is equipped with a double bed (140x200), built-in shelves, a wardrobe and a desk. The stairs	    In the heart of Latin quarter, this apartment is very well located near the Jardin des Plantes. It is a small apartment, ideal for a family. Very good price/quality/number of sleeps ratio.    STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows give on the street but they are double glazed. The apartment is then very quiet. LAYOUT This lovely 45 sqm apartment can sleep up to four guests. It has been entirely renovated, it is bright, comfortable, with high ceilings, the bathroom and the kitchen are spotless. The entrance directly gives on the main room. It has been divided in several areas. You will first enter the dining area. It features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining area. It is well equipped, nice tiles separate it from the rest of the room and its wooden floor. The living area features a convertible couch (with a sleep for one person 120x190) and a coffee table. The apartment has
21689	Charming flat from the end of the 19th century, in the center of Paris, perfect for a couple	It's a duplex so you can enjoy the living room and the room is a real cocoon for lovers Charming flat from the end of the 19th century, in the center of Paris, perfect for a couple the entire flat is yours I will not be able to be there for the moments but I have friends who can help you you're in the center of the latin quarter, so there's tons of bar and restaurant,  it's a student and touristic quarter, if you want some calm you can walk for 2 minutes and find peace on l'ile de la cité you're in the center of paris so you have all the buses you want the metro and the RER (if you wanna visit tiny cities all around Paris)
21690	A beautiful and spacious apartment located in the heart of the Latin Quarter.Perfect location, good views and warm and inviting. Enough room for 5 adults.The views to St. Severin and down on the busy street are  wonderful, and you will love being only about a block from Notre Dame. The church bells do ring in the mornings, but not until 9am, so they actually provided a beautiful wake up call. The location of the apartment is ideal, as you are within walking distance of Notre Dame, Ste. Chapelle, Ile St. Louis, the Louvre and the Luxumbourg Gardens among other places. The streets below are quite touristy and busy, but you are high enough up that you wont  hear any street noise. The apartment has everything you need  for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Property Description This charming and very well situated 68sqm apartment is located in Paris’ 5th arrondissement in the lively rue Saint Séverin. It is situated on the 4th floor of a XVIIIth century building equipped with a security code,	A beautiful and spacious apartment located in the heart of the Latin Quarter.Perfect location, good views and warm and inviting. Enough room for 5 adults.The views to St. Severin and down on the busy street are  wonderful, and you will love being only about a block from Notre Dame. The church bells do ring in the mornings, but not until 9am, so they actually provided a beautiful wake up call. The location of the apartment is ideal, as you are within walking distance of Notre Dame, Ste. Chapelle, Ile St. Louis, the Louvre and the Luxumbourg Gardens among other places. The streets below are quite touristy and busy, but you are high enough up that you wont  hear any street noise. The apartment has everything you need  for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Property Description This charming and very well situated 68sqm apartment is located in Paris’ 5th arrondissement in the lively rue Saint Séverin. It is situated on the 4th floor of a XVIIIth century building equipped with a security code,
21691	A great one bedroom apartment ideally located close to Rue Mouffetard. Its modern design along with its natural comfort will make you feel at home in no time. Recently refurbished, it features a bright living room with a dining table for four and storage spaces, a  cosy double sofa bed and a large flat screen TV, a fully renovated and well equipped kitchen, a bedroom, an en-suite bathroom and a separate toilet.	A stone's throw away from the famous rue Mouffetard, this bright and quiet apartment on the 3rd floor with elevator features a living room with dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a comfy bedroom opening on a shower room, and separated toilets.  A great one bedroom apartment ideally located close to Rue Mouffetard. Its modern design along with its natural comfort will make you feel at home in no time. Recently refurbished, it features a bright living room with a dining table for four and storage spaces, a  cosy double sofa bed and a large flat screen TV, a fully renovated and well equipped kitchen, a bedroom, an en-suite bathroom and a separate toilet. Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay At the h
21692	This charming apartment, located in the heart of the Quartier Latin, is perfect for those wishing to discover Paris, or simply reside in a vibrant and central area. It is fully furnished: bed for 2 people, wardrobe built into the wall, shelves, sofa, table, chairs ... The kitchen is separated, allowing to cook without the smells in the room! The bathroom, all marble, has an enjoyable bath, which is rare in a studio. The apartment seems larger than it is because the main room is very spacious and the integrated rack saves lots of space. 3rd floor without elevator. The 5th arrondissement is the oldest district of Paris: it encompasses the largest part of the Quartier latin, built by the Romans during the Antiquity. It is located on the left bank, at the edge of the Seine river. During May 1968, the Quartier latin was a center of the student revolt. Nowadays, the 5th arrondissement is above all an intellectual and university area; an area of editors and booksellers as well as schools and 	This charming apartment, located in the heart of the Quartier Latin, is perfect for those wishing to discover Paris, or simply reside in a vibrant and central area. This charming apartment, located in the heart of the Quartier Latin, is perfect for those wishing to discover Paris, or simply reside in a vibrant and central area. It is fully furnished: bed for 2 people, wardrobe built into the wall, shelves, sofa, table, chairs ... The kitchen is separated, allowing to cook without the smells in the room! The bathroom, all marble, has an enjoyable bath, which is rare in a studio. The apartment seems larger than it is because the main room is very spacious and the integrated rack saves lots of space. 3rd floor without elevator. The 5th arrondissement is the oldest district of Paris: it encompasses the largest part of the Quartier latin, built by the Romans during the Antiquity. It is located on the left bank, at the edge of the Seine river. During May 1968, the Quartier latin was a center
21693	Hello, I arrange of attractive one 2/3 P completely renovated right in the heart of Paris: bank of the Seine - Notre-Dame. Ideally situated in the cultural district and the history of Paris. The apartment of 45 m ² is in the 4th floor with elevator.	Hello, I arrange of attractive one 2/3 P completely renovated right in the heart of Paris: bank of the Seine - Notre-Dame. Ideally situated in the cultural district and the history of Paris. The apartment of 45 m ² is in the 4th floor with elevator. Rent  room/ office / dressing room from 18 m ² quiet stage left (see plan photos) SDB to share. To have breakfast, kettle, to toast, tea and coffee(café) in the office / dressing room.  WiFi. Sheets and bath towels are included in the price Keys will be put back to you from your arrival for a total independence. Arrival time: 1 pm or 6h30 pm - Departure time: 10 am Near the RER B (express since the airport CDG and Orly) and of the RER C. Subway station: Pont Marie line 7, Cité line 4, St Paul line 1 and line10 to Maubert-Mutualité. Station of velib below. Taxi in 200 m. For any question, do not hesitate to contact me. I shall indulge to welcome you at my home and if you wish to give you my small addresses. Bye for now ! Alexandra
21694	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of an elegant period building.  The guests are welcomed into a long corridor stretching to all rooms the property consists of. On the left you find the bright day area to be used as extra bedroom as well, as it features a sofa bed (140 cm) for 2 people and a spacious closet; there is also a bookcase and a wonderful gilt-framed mirror.  A small balcony has street views and is provided with shutters to protect from light.  Coming back into the corridor and looking to the right you find the small box room with sliding doors, the cloakroom with toilet and the master bathroom (with shower stall, basin, wc and washing machine).  The night area comes with a spacious bedroom with a double bed (140 cm), a wardrobe and a desk. Sliding the connecting doors aside, you step into the living area, which doubles as dining corner and offers a round table seating up 4 people and a dresser; there is also a TV area with sofa.  At the back stands th	Lovely (website hidden) two bedroom apartment for rent in Paris 5ème arrondissement, an inspiring district steps from the Pantheon and the Roman Arènes de Lutèce. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (with elevator) of an elegant period building.  The guests are welcomed into a long corridor stretching to all rooms the property consists of. On the left you find the bright day area to be used as extra bedroom as well, as it features a sofa bed (140 cm) for 2 people and a spacious closet; there is also a bookcase and a wonderful gilt-framed mirror.  A small balcony has street views and is provided with shutters to protect from light.  Coming back into the corridor and looking to the right you find the small box room with sliding doors, the cloakroom with toilet and the master bathroom (with shower stall, basin, wc and washing machine).  The night area comes with a spacious bedroom with a double bed (140 cm), a wardrobe and a desk. Sliding the connecting doors aside, you step into th
21695	We restored this apartment last year to maximize space and natural light.  The main room is flooded with light, from dawn to dusk while the bedroom remains quietly in the shade.	In the heart of one of the oldest Parisian neighborhood, you'll be hosted in a nest of light overlooking the roofs.  Enjoy the daily market, the lovely streets, 10mn off the Luxembourg Station, and 10mn off the Seine. BEWARE : 6th floor NO elevator We restored this apartment last year to maximize space and natural light.  The main room is flooded with light, from dawn to dusk while the bedroom remains quietly in the shade.
21696	THE BUILDING & THE NEIGHBORHOOD In the heart of the capital and near the famous Latin Quarter you can walk in the Luxembourg Gardens, stroll along docks of  the Seine or  visit the Pantheon. You can discover the shops of old books and enjoy many plugged restaurants in the area. This is a very central location, ideal for access to the different attractions Parisien . APARTMENT At the 1st floor , this apartment has a living room with a open kitchen and a bathroom . The apartment has lots of charm and the decoration is very nice. Completely refurbished . - Fully equipped kitchen with ceramic hob , microwave , integrated fridge freezer, toaster, kettle , coffee maker as well as dishes , pots, cups and glasses . - Bathroom with shower , WC. - Living room with sofa, TV and a coffee table. - An ironing board and iron are available SERVICES AND FACILITIES Towels and linens are provided as well as cleaning . An efficient heating system ensures a steady and comfortable temperature in the apartme	THE BUILDING & THE NEIGHBORHOOD In the heart of the capital and near the famous Latin Quarter you can walk in the Luxembourg Gardens, stroll along docks of  the Seine or  visit the Pantheon. You can discover the shops of old books and enjoy many plugged restaurants in the area. This is a very central location, ideal for access to the different attractions Parisien . APARTMENT At the 1st floor , this apartment has a living room with a open kitchen and a bathroom . The apartment has lots of charm and the decoration is very nice. Completely refurbished . - Fully equipped kitchen with ceramic hob , microwave , integrated fridge freezer, toaster, kettle , coffee maker as well as dishes , pots, cups and glasses . - Bathroom with shower , WC. - Living room with sofa, TV and a coffee table. - An ironing board and iron are available SERVICES AND FACILITIES Towels and linens are provided as well as cleaning . An efficient heating system ensures a steady and comfortable temperature in the apartme
21697	"Perfect location in the heart of 5th ""arrondissement"", near Jardin des Plantes, Great Mosque and Panthéon, all within foot reach. It's a relaxing place, with sun and a great view on the roofs and the neigborhood.  There is 4 rooms with a living room, a bathrom, separated toilets and a kitchen. "	"Perfect location in the heart of 5th ""arrondissement"", near Jardin des Plantes, Great Mosque and Panthéon, all within foot reach. It's a relaxing place, with sun and a great view on the roofs and the neigborhood.  There is 4 rooms with a living room, a bathrom, separated toilets and a kitchen.  The kitchen is small but fully equipped with a fridge-freezer, a micro-wave, an oven with gaz cooker, a lot of kitchenware, ketle and a italian coffe maker. I will let you a map and advices for your stay.  Depending on my planning, it would be a pleasure to share with you a glass of wine on the evening.  My neighborhood is an old typical parisian village. It's lively because there is many school and university, therefore many students and bars. The food is a great experience in France, and I should say especially here because of bakerys : they are truly handsome. The fruit and veg market is expensive but nice to see it. There is some exceptional produces, for exemple one of the best cheese shop "
21698	Our appartement is area of 54m² located in the picturesque district of Mouffetard. Our apartment is very bright and sunny, 1 bedroom and one big living room with an american kitchen. It was renovated last year, white walls and wood floors. There's a piano and a balcony with a great view ! .  We also have a beautifull bathroom with a large rain style shower :-) We have a washing machine and a dish washer, oven, microwave, free internet, heating and sound-proof windows. It's on the 5th floor, and as many of the typical parisian apartments: no lift, but we get used to it, it makes a little exercising every day!!! If you want, there's a cleaning lady who can come once a week or more. The building and the block is really safe and clean. And besides, a policeman stays at 150 meters 24/7 as the flat is located near a Jewish center community. The neighborhood is really nice and I think it is what most people expect from Paris, all the little stores, the boulangeries for fresh baguette, the res	Located in the picturesque district of Mouffetart our appartement 54m2 is very bright and sunny, renovated last year, 1 bedroom and 1 big living room with an american kitchen. There's a piano and a balcony with a great view! Our appartement is area of 54m² located in the picturesque district of Mouffetard. Our apartment is very bright and sunny, 1 bedroom and one big living room with an american kitchen. It was renovated last year, white walls and wood floors. There's a piano and a balcony with a great view ! .  We also have a beautifull bathroom with a large rain style shower :-) We have a washing machine and a dish washer, oven, microwave, free internet, heating and sound-proof windows. It's on the 5th floor, and as many of the typical parisian apartments: no lift, but we get used to it, it makes a little exercising every day!!! If you want, there's a cleaning lady who can come once a week or more. The building and the block is really safe and clean. And besides, a policeman stays at
21699	Charming apartment located in the heart of Paris in the Latin Quarter, just steps from the Seine and the Panthéon. Top floor, south facing, quiet, lift and balcony. Its wooden floors and various moldings make this place very attractive and reminiscent of a typical Paris. The first part consists of a small functional kitchen (American bar) and a seating area with two-seater sofa and a large library, and the other serves as a bedroom, there is a double comfortable places to where you can see the roofs of Paris. The bathroom consists of a shower, sink and new toilet is contiguous to the bedroom. Each room has a large opening on a quiet courtyard. I am delighted to welcome individual travelers but also a couple for a few nights!	Charming apartment located in the heart of Paris in the Latin Quarter, just steps from the Seine and the Panthéon. Top floor, south facing, quiet, lift and balcony. Its wooden floors and various moldings make this place very attractive and reminiscent of a typical Paris. The first part consists of a small functional kitchen (American bar) and a seating area with two-seater sofa and a large library, and the other serves as a bedroom, there is a double comfortable places to where you can see the roofs of Paris. The bathroom consists of a shower, sink and new toilet is contiguous to the bedroom. Each room has a large opening on a quiet courtyard. I am delighted to welcome individual travelers but also a couple for a few nights!
21700		    Beau studio meublé 30 m2 clair,calme et standing au Quartier latin. Baie vitrée av balcon sur cour. Déco récente,grand canapé lit.Cuisine équipée séparée.Machine à laver.Internet wifi,tel et TV. Salle de bain av douche.Porte blindée,digicode, gardien   
21701	The apartment will make you feel like home! It has a private garden with furniture, to enjoy your breakfast in the sun in a haven of peace in the middle of Paris – just for you! The apartment is 35 m², well decorated and warm, and has all amenities you could need: A small fully equipped kitchen (stove, fridge, oven, micro waves, coffee machine...), a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets, TV (125 channels), high speed internet access and Wi-Fi, Iron, hair dryer, heater... Large sofa bed 2 persons (comfy mattress). Sheets and towels included. The building is very well secured by two digital door codes.	The apartment and its lovely garden ( very rare in Paris) are ideally located in the historical heart and safest area of Paris!   This is the perfect place to discover Paris. Calm and central in the famous Quartier Latin The apartment will make you feel like home! It has a private garden with furniture, to enjoy your breakfast in the sun in a haven of peace in the middle of Paris – just for you! The apartment is 35 m², well decorated and warm, and has all amenities you could need: A small fully equipped kitchen (stove, fridge, oven, micro waves, coffee machine...), a bathroom with a bathtub and toilets, TV (125 channels), high speed internet access and Wi-Fi, Iron, hair dryer, heater... Large sofa bed 2 persons (comfy mattress). Sheets and towels included. The building is very well secured by two digital door codes. I will welcome you upon your arrival for you to check in and check out. I will be pleased to help you and give you some tips about where to go out, eat, drink and places to
21702	Joli studio ensoleillé la journée, dans un vieil immeuble, avec poutres, mur à colombage, deux fenêtres, une petite cuisine, une salle de bain avec baignoire, un grand lit, une télévision.	Joli studio ensoleillé la journée, dans un vieil immeuble, avec poutres, mur à colombage, deux fenêtres, une petite cuisine, une salle de bain avec baignoire, un grand lit, une télévision. Je suis là à l'arrivée pour expliquer le fonctionnement du studio et ce qu'il y a savoir sur paris. Disponible 24h/24 au moindre souci ou renseignement. Je peux renseigner sur les bonnes adresses du quartier et renseigner sur Paris en général. La rue Mouffetard est une des rues les plus anciennes de Paris, entre le Panthéon, le jardin des plantes, et les arènes de Lutèce., au sud du Quartier Latin. Agréable à vivre, la rue est piétonne et commerçante, avec boulangeries, fromagers, supermarchés, magasin bio, cavistes, glaciers, pharmacie, fleuriste, épicerie fine, boucheries, restaurants, bowling, cafés,  Métro ligne 7 : Censier-Daubenton / Rue Monge Je fournis le café, les confitures, l'huile, le beurre.
21703	 Beautiful and classic Parisian apartment of 46m2 located on the 2nd floor with a balcony overlooking the Place Monge , in an old building . It is located between the Botanical Garden and the Pantheon, a few steps from the Rue Mouffetard, its bars and restaurants. The 5th arrondissement is a young and family neighborhood. At the foot of the apartment you will find many bakeries , caterers , press, tobacco , supermarkets and restaurants. The apartment is located in front of the line 7 (stop Place Monge ) and a taxi station , 5 minutes walk from line 10 , and next to the RER B and C. Several buses also serve the area. The apartment comprises: -A living room with a sofa, coffee table, TV, patio door giving access to the balcony ( with a small table and two chairs) -Fully equipped kitchen with a table , hob , kettle, microwave, oven , toaster, refrigerator -One bedroom with a double bed -A bathroom 	Wonderfull and charming flat nearby Saint Germain, Odéon and Luxembourg gardens. 1 bedroom with a balcony. Beautiful and classic Parisian apartment of 46m2 located on the 2nd floor with a balcony overlooking the Place Monge , in an old building . It is located between the Botanical Garden and the Pantheon, a few steps from the Rue Mouffetard, its bars and restaurants. The 5th arrondissement is a young and family neighborhood. At the foot of the apartment you will find many bakeries , caterers , press, tobacco , supermarkets and restaurants. The apartment is located in front of the line 7 (stop Place Monge ) and a taxi station , 5 minutes walk from line 10 , and next to the RER B and C. Several buses also serve the area. The apartment comprises: -A living room with a sofa, coffee table, TV, patio door giving access to the balcony ( with a small table and two chairs) -Fully equipped kitchen with a table , hob , kettle, microwave, oven , toaster, refrigerator -One bedroom with a double be
21704	Very well equiped, clean and bright, there is everything you need for a nice journey. The street is quiet, but near the very nice and animated place Saint Médart.	"Very well equiped, clean and bright, there is everything you need for a nice journey. The street is quiet, but near the very nice and animated place Saint Médart. Accès wifi et tv câblée Ascenseur I am very easy to contact, and answer very quickly. I can give you advices for your stay, and good adresses ! On sunday, don't miss the market place Censier-Daubenton, and the ""bal de la mouff"", if you wanna dance :). Then enjoy a Brunch at ""La salle à Manger"" while listening to the open air music. Many restaurants around, and nice walks. Very near the Panthéon, the Jardin du Luxembourg, Saint-Michel .... Ligne 7 : station censier-daubenton Ligne 6 : station glaciaire  Bus 91 : station port royal Bus 21 : station glaciaire / port royal RER B  : port royal "
21705	"I have the coolest appartement in Paris. The 6th and last floor (attic - classic Paris for those who know) with an elevator (not common in many buildings). 1 bedroom with king-size bed + 1 living-room with a huge cable TV, dining table and a sofa that folds into a bed + an old school kitchen. Full of public transportation and close to everything.  The best part is the location: right in the heart of the famous 5th arrondissement - doesn't get any more central than this! From the south you have in less than 5 min walk ""The Marais"", same distance in the west is the Notre Dame, Same distance in the south you have Luxemburg, Pantheon, rue moufftard and much more.. ***Promotional price for 2 rooms in Paris for this location"	"Ideal for vacation (see in details) for couples or friends.   ***Promotional price*** I have the coolest appartement in Paris. The 6th and last floor (attic - classic Paris for those who know) with an elevator (not common in many buildings). 1 bedroom with king-size bed + 1 living-room with a huge cable TV, dining table and a sofa that folds into a bed + an old school kitchen. Full of public transportation and close to everything.  The best part is the location: right in the heart of the famous 5th arrondissement - doesn't get any more central than this! From the south you have in less than 5 min walk ""The Marais"", same distance in the west is the Notre Dame, Same distance in the south you have Luxemburg, Pantheon, rue moufftard and much more.. ***Promotional price for 2 rooms in Paris for this location Cable TV, WiFi, Full kitchen, Heating.. Public transportation everywhere! There is nothing like waking up each morning to the famous roof top view of my street"
21706		l'appartement fait 50m2 avec un salon spacieux et lumineux, une salle de bain avec baignoire, 2 chambres. Un canapé lit + un lit double gonflable  l'appartement se situe rue Claude Bernard, entre Luxembourg et la place Monge, proche du Panthéon
21707	NOTE: PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK AVAILABILITY WITH ME FIRST BEFORE MAKING A BOOKING HERE. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. We are delighted to introduce our newly renovated duplex apartment in the heart of the bustling Latin Quarter!  The apartment is located a stone’s throw from the Notre Dame cathedral and the river Seine, in between the shopping districts of Le Marais and St. Germain and a short walk from the famous Place Monge food market and the Jardin du Luxembourg – an idyllic picnic location! We are regular travelers ourselves and know what an important part of your holiday or business trip accommodation is.  Therefore, we have put a lot of thought into making the space as comfortable, relaxing and practical as possible.  The beds are large, the sofa spacious and after a day of taking in the sights, you will be delighted to arrive ‘home’ and unwind here. The apartment features many flea market finds which add a touch of originality to the decor and you will	Our two bedroom apartment is full of character and furnished for comfort. It can be reached directly by metro from de Gaulle airport and is in easy walking distance of many Paris sights such as Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pantheon and Sainte Chapelle!! NOTE: PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK AVAILABILITY WITH ME FIRST BEFORE MAKING A BOOKING HERE. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. We are delighted to introduce our newly renovated duplex apartment in the heart of the bustling Latin Quarter!  The apartment is located a stone’s throw from the Notre Dame cathedral and the river Seine, in between the shopping districts of Le Marais and St. Germain and a short walk from the famous Place Monge food market and the Jardin du Luxembourg – an idyllic picnic location! We are regular travelers ourselves and know what an important part of your holiday or business trip accommodation is.  Therefore, we have put a lot of thought into making the space as comfortable, relaxing and practical as
21708	"Calm and bright (2 large windows) Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine Kitchen equipped with all necessary appliances The bed is a convertible one but believe me you won't even notice it once you're in, the mattress is of very good quality: it is 18cm wide and doesn't have any ""gaps"" contrary to the usual mattress of convertible beds. Guitar and amps Very good sound system Georgian carpet Library with books in French and Spanish"	"Bright, spacious and lovely studio, ideal for lovers willing to enjoy the famous ""quartier latin"" -10mn walking from Saint Louis Island  -15mn walking from Notre Dame -3min from the jardin des plantes Kitchen, bathtub, guitar, good sound system Calm and bright (2 large windows) Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine Kitchen equipped with all necessary appliances The bed is a convertible one but believe me you won't even notice it once you're in, the mattress is of very good quality: it is 18cm wide and doesn't have any ""gaps"" contrary to the usual mattress of convertible beds. Guitar and amps Very good sound system Georgian carpet Library with books in French and Spanish All the equipment with a particular attention to the guitar and soud system A good friend speaking English/Spanish/French will be happy to welcome you, and give you all his parisian tips ! Romantic Authentic A perfect stay for a couple Beautiful and impressive monuments Panthéon, Institut du monde Arabe, Notre Dame."
21709	Il est parfait pour accueillir un couple. Des ouvertures partout qui laissent la lumière rentrer. Calme et vue sur cour dégagée très agréable en plein site touristique. Fonctionnel, une cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain petite mais agréable avec lave-linge, un vrai lit 140x190 surtout matelas mémoire de forme, wc indépendant, parquet, carrelage. Linge fourni.  Des détecteurs de fumée sur le paliers. Porte blindée.	Il est parfait pour accueillir un couple. Des ouvertures partout qui laissent la lumière rentrer. Calme et vue sur cour dégagée très agréable en plein site touristique. Fonctionnel, une cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain petite mais agréable avec lave-linge, un vrai lit 140x190 surtout matelas mémoire de forme, wc indépendant, parquet, carrelage. Linge fourni.  Des détecteurs de fumée sur le paliers. Porte blindée. Appartement entier. Internet fibre optique. Respecter le voisinage c'est un immeuble calme. A votre disposition afin de vous informer du bon fonctionnement des équipements. De vous faire découvrir des lieux à voir et de bons restaurants. Je serai disponible pour vous et si nécessaire mon traducteur sera à mes côtés mon anglais reste très limité.  Je ne serai pas dans le logement. Ce quartier est le reflet encore du vieux  Paris avec dans tous les petites rues des endroits à découvrir. A côté du jardin des plantes, le Muséum d'histoire naturelle, les Arènes de Lutèce 
21710	This apt. is so beautiful, comfortable, quiet, and in a neighborhood where you could wander all day every day for a long time w/o ever being bored or hungry.  You're in the heart of Paris here, but if you want to get to other areas, there are so many buses w/in 1 minute from the apt. that you can easily go in any direction, including to the airport, via RER.	WONDERFUL one-bedroom, sunny, quiet, beautifully furnished in  great neighborhood. Next door to Luxembourg Gardens, buses, RER to airports,  Mouffetard Market, endless great restaurants, movies, bookstores.  Perfect for couple.   This apt. is so beautiful, comfortable, quiet, and in a neighborhood where you could wander all day every day for a long time w/o ever being bored or hungry.  You're in the heart of Paris here, but if you want to get to other areas, there are so many buses w/in 1 minute from the apt. that you can easily go in any direction, including to the airport, via RER. You'll have TV, internet, all utensils for cooking and eating, a working fireplace, a fabulous stereo system, big windows out of which to watch the courtyards around you, a telephone that you can use to call the US for free.  And a wonderful concierge! I only help you get settled, I do not otherwise interact except when there are questions. It has absolutely everything in great abundance: fabulous markets,
21711	CHARACTERISTICS OF THE FLAT The apartment is on the first floor (2d floor with US floor numbering). It has light and it is clean. It was renewed a few months ago. It is quiet as it is not on the side of the street but on the side of a courtyard. There are a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilets. There are a true bed for 2 people (dimensions : 190 * 140 cm ; 75 * 55 inches) and a dining table.  EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES The flat has high speed Internet with wifi and a TV. In the kitchen you will find a fridge, a micro-wave, a boiler and everything for coooking and eating (plates, dishes...). There are also an iron, an ironing board, a hair-dryer and a clock with alarm. I provide towels, blankets and sheets. A also provide a cellphone with a French simcard and credit for calling.  LOCATION Situated at the Saint-Jacques street (the oldest street of Paris), in the Quartier Latin, Paris 5th arrondissement. It is a safe, lively and historical quarter of Paris. You will f	The flat is on the first floor. It is located in the heart of Paris between Luxembourg garden and Panthéon. It is quiet and cosy.   CHARACTERISTICS OF THE FLAT The apartment is on the first floor (2d floor with US floor numbering). It has light and it is clean. It was renewed a few months ago. It is quiet as it is not on the side of the street but on the side of a courtyard. There are a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilets. There are a true bed for 2 people (dimensions : 190 * 140 cm ; 75 * 55 inches) and a dining table.  EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES The flat has high speed Internet with wifi and a TV. In the kitchen you will find a fridge, a micro-wave, a boiler and everything for coooking and eating (plates, dishes...). There are also an iron, an ironing board, a hair-dryer and a clock with alarm. I provide towels, blankets and sheets. A also provide a cellphone with a French simcard and credit for calling.  LOCATION Situated at the Saint-Jacques street (the oldest
21712	"A lovely apartment very well equiped and located. Very calm, at the 3rd floor.  Sleeping : in two ""mezzanines"", the first one (for 1 person) giving on the living room and the other one (with a bed for 2 persons and with a door) is upside the toilets and the kitchen. A 4th person can sleep in the living room."	"A lovely apartment very well equiped and located. Very calm, at the 3rd floor.  Sleeping : in two ""mezzanines"", the first one (for 1 person) giving on the living room and the other one (with a bed for 2 persons and with a door) is upside the toilets and the kitchen. A 4th person can sleep in the living room. I will be happy to help you during your stay in Paris. Parfectly located in the Quartier Latin, near the Sorbonne, the Panthéon, the Ile Saint Louis, Notre-Dame, the famous garden ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and the typical area of Mouffetard. Everything is near the apartment... Métro, bus and RER are near the apartment."
21713	Quartier Latin, a very well located, carefully renovated summer 2014 -16m² studio apartment on the Rue Claude Bernard. This nice one bedroom apartment offers good comfort in a nice décor. It’s situated in the 4° floor of an 19th century charming building without lift. It can sleep one or two persons comfortably There is a wood floor in the living room. The entry door opens on the sitting-room, the bathroom is on the right-hand side. The living room, sleeping room area is in the end. The living room has one windows and an American open kitchen. It is tastefully decorated with a sofa bed (140 cm x 190 cm), a wood bedside table. It’s very luminous.It also offers a flat screen TV, DSL high speed access to internet, TV.  The tiled kitchen part is equipped with a microwave, a small fridge, freezer, two electric hotplates, a coffee maker, a toaster, a water boiler, a kettle, a stainless sink, and all the essential kitchenware and tableware.The bathroom is yellow, the floor is tiled. It includ	Just renovated in JULY 14. This one bedroom apartment is ideally situated in the heart of the exclusive part of the 5th district, The Latin Quarter, very near Luxembourg Garden, Mouffetard area, Gobelins . It's in the 4 Floor without elevator. Quartier Latin, a very well located, carefully renovated summer 2014 -16m² studio apartment on the Rue Claude Bernard. This nice one bedroom apartment offers good comfort in a nice décor. It’s situated in the 4° floor of an 19th century charming building without lift. It can sleep one or two persons comfortably There is a wood floor in the living room. The entry door opens on the sitting-room, the bathroom is on the right-hand side. The living room, sleeping room area is in the end. The living room has one windows and an American open kitchen. It is tastefully decorated with a sofa bed (140 cm x 190 cm), a wood bedside table. It’s very luminous.It also offers a flat screen TV, DSL high speed access to internet, TV.  The tiled kitchen part is equi
21714	My home available to you, cosy, quiet and green. Kitchen fully equipped with micro, real owen and dish washer.	Lovely, peaceful terrace attached to small flat equipped with totally renovated fully fitted kitchen and bathroom on top (= fourth, without elevator) floor in small old building centrally located in the lovely 5th arr. My home available to you, cosy, quiet and green. Kitchen fully equipped with micro, real owen and dish washer. Loveliest of Parisan neighbourhoods, market on Place Monge wedn, fri and sunday, on Maubert Mutualite tuesday, thursday and saturday. Easy access by RER Luxembourg, bus 47, 84 or 89 etc or Metro line 7 or 10. If you arrive to Orly take thte Tram7 and then change to Metro 7 to Place Monge, easy cheap and fast, approx; 1 hour.
21715	"""The apartment was completely renovated in 2008 to optimize the functionality and comfort while retaining its authentic charm of small Parisian apartment: tiled backgrounds, œils beef skylights. The room overlooks the courtyard. The building has a code. South-west orientation. Double exposure. Historic quarter. Cultural sites nearby. Less than 5 minutes: Pharmacies, bakeries, grocers, fishmongers, butchers, meat, fruits and vegetables, cobbler, post office, bank, supermarket, restaurants, ..."	"COZY : 2 steps from the lively Rue Mouffetard WARM: original floor tiles, bamboo flooring wenge, teak and stainless alliance CALM: top floor, skylights, separate bedroom courtyard PRACTICE: fully equipped, bus & metro, RER, shops ""The apartment was completely renovated in 2008 to optimize the functionality and comfort while retaining its authentic charm of small Parisian apartment: tiled backgrounds, œils beef skylights. The room overlooks the courtyard. The building has a code. South-west orientation. Double exposure. Historic quarter. Cultural sites nearby. Less than 5 minutes: Pharmacies, bakeries, grocers, fishmongers, butchers, meat, fruits and vegetables, cobbler, post office, bank, supermarket, restaurants, ..."
21716	Bonjour :)  I rent out my warm apt.  It has 2 bedrooms : one big with a double bed and a smaller one with a one-person bed There is also a bed in the living room! This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it!	"it is a nice appartement in the heart of Paris!  You can't find a best localisation than this one, in the heart of ""quartier latin"" and 3 min walk to ""rue mouffetard""  It's just renovated and you will find every thing you need, maybe a french diner!! Bonjour :) ! I rent out my warm apt. This is a pleasure to receive you in Paris, you'll love it! This is a thirdfloor appartement.There are 2 bedrooms in this appartment plus a bed in the living room (used as cough at daytime) Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. I supply fresh sheets, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer ABOUT THIBAUT, YOUR HOST : Years of travel, years of adventure, discovery, meeting people, cultures, arts and differences. . Then one day full of knowledge and wisdom, I decided to settle down. I've found the per"
21717	Studio de 25 m², calme et agréable au cœur du Quartier Latin, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard.  Double vitrage, au rez de chaussée, donnant sur une petite cour d'immeuble.  La pièce principale comprend : - un espace cuisine aménagé (micro onde, lave vaisselle, frigo, congélateur, plaques électriques, mixeur) - une table à manger pour 4 (avec rallonges) - un bureau - un large espace de rangement est disponible  - un lit deux places confortable  + possibilité d'ajouter un lit une place en plus (à demander au moment de la réservation) Je laisse aux voyageurs :  - mes produits de base de cuisine (huile, sel, épices...) - des produits d'hygiène (shampoing, dentifrice, savon...) - des serviettes de bain propres  - des draps  L'appartement n'a pas de télévision ni de four.	Studio tout équipé, calme et agréable, au rez de chaussée sur une cour, frais en été. Au cœur du Quartier Latin et de ses rues animées.  Central et bien desservi (Métro 7, RER B, Bus 21, 27, 47) Studio de 25 m², calme et agréable au cœur du Quartier Latin, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard.  Double vitrage, au rez de chaussée, donnant sur une petite cour d'immeuble.  La pièce principale comprend : - un espace cuisine aménagé (micro onde, lave vaisselle, frigo, congélateur, plaques électriques, mixeur) - une table à manger pour 4 (avec rallonges) - un bureau - un large espace de rangement est disponible  - un lit deux places confortable  + possibilité d'ajouter un lit une place en plus (à demander au moment de la réservation) Je laisse aux voyageurs :  - mes produits de base de cuisine (huile, sel, épices...) - des produits d'hygiène (shampoing, dentifrice, savon...) - des serviettes de bain propres  - des draps  L'appartement n'a pas de télévision ni de four. Les voyageurs ont accès à to
21718	Located in a very safe building, this comfortable apartment features with : -TV, cable TV -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (  hotplates, microwave, ), -bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...) -and it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch  The apartment is sunny and quiet and stays cool during summer.  Building equiped with 2 security codes and interphone. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river (300 meters) -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restaurants, theaters, cinemas and nightlife. Metro stations : Place monge or Censier daubenton (L 7) 25 min to Gare du Nord Eurostar 40 min 	Located in a very safe building, this comfortable apartment features with : -TV, cable TV -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (  hotplates, microwave, ), -bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...) Located in a very safe building, this comfortable apartment features with : -TV, cable TV -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (  hotplates, microwave, ), -bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...) -and it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch  The apartment is sunny and quiet and stays cool during summer.  Building equiped with 2 security codes and interphone. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river (300 meters) -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part
21719	Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one bedroom apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine river.     AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 2nd floor walk in, with lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel.     You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Consciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc..     All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all around and visit the city, but also take the subway (Metro Saint-Michel) or the bus, or the bicycle rentals nearby.     Waking up in front of Notre Dame and the Sei	From the windows of this charming one bedroom , completely independent, hosting two to four guests, admire the Notre Dame Cathedral and enjoy the incomparable charm of the Latin Quarter, close to the Seine and its monuments ! Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one bedroom apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine river.     AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. It's a 2nd floor walk in, with lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel.     You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Consciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc..     All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh frui
21720	The tiny studio-loft of 18m2, can accommodate 2 guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 h century, on the 2nd floor of the building B, without elevator, door on the right. The studio-lofet is Clean, Luminous with 2 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. It has been newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern little open Kitchen and the New Bathroom, and we manage to keep the exposed beams which is typical of this kind of old building. As you can see on the pictures, you have a sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and comfortable like a Real Bed, a coffee table, a tv, a table-desk, chairs, the open Kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and Shower. There is no Bedroom but a MEZZANINE above the bathroom and Kitchen with 1 double mattress. The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If the place is available we could do an earlier check in from 10am. Or at least from 10am I could organi	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain,  5 minutes by  The tiny studio-loft of 18m2, can accommodate 2 guests. Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17 h century, on the 2nd floor of the building B, without elevator, door on the right. The studio-lofet is Clean, Luminous with 2 Windows overlooking the very Quiet Courtyard. It has been newly renovated, so you can appreciate the modern little open Kitchen and the New Bathroom, and we manage to keep the exposed beams which is typical of this kind of old building. As you can see on the pictures, you have a sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and comfortable like a Real Bed, a coffee table, a tv, a table-desk, chairs, the open Kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and Shower. There is no Bedroom but a MEZZANINE above the b
21721	Right in the heart of Paris and its Quartier Latin, this apartment is steps from the Luxembourg station (B metro trains), close to Notre Dame de Paris, fabulous restaurants and stores. The location couldn't be better. It's easy to get everywhere from here. The apartment is 1 min walk from the Senate and its Jardin du Luxembourg and few minutes from Tour Eiffel and Champs Elysées. 	Right in the heart of Paris and its Quartier Latin, this apartment is steps from the Luxembourg station (B metro trains), close to Notre Dame de Paris, fabulous restaurants and stores. The location couldn't be better. It's easy to get everywhere. Right in the heart of Paris and its Quartier Latin, this apartment is steps from the Luxembourg station (B metro trains), close to Notre Dame de Paris, fabulous restaurants and stores. The location couldn't be better. It's easy to get everywhere from here. The apartment is 1 min walk from the Senate and its Jardin du Luxembourg and few minutes from Tour Eiffel and Champs Elysées.  The bedroom faces the back and is surprisingly quiet. You will wake to the sounds of birds chirping. It's a very unique place. There is a Queen-sized bed in the bedroom. A 3rd person can also sleep on the living room sofabed. Furnished, utilities included (Wireless internet, TV). Kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine. I will be available for you during your 
21722		Au pied de la rue Mouffetard, à 5 minutes du Panthéon, du jardin des Plantes, proche de la cathédrale Notre-Dame,  du Luxembourg.. Métro à proximité. Lumineux, vue sur la fontaine de la place St Médard. Parfait pour un séjour court  ou longue durée.
21723	Bien équipé avec climatisation, lave linge, sèche linge, kitchenette équipée avec évier double bac et broyeur. Douche spacieuse et wc. Au 7ème étage avec ascenceur, sous les toits, poutres apparentes. L'appartement comprend 2 lits simples et un canapé lit confortable pour 2 couchages supplémentaires si (website hidden) par câble et internet. Fenêtres en double vitrage donnant rue Soufflot. Appartement d'angle, exposition sud et ouest,  très grande luminosité. 	 Au coeur de Paris, 2 pièces (34 m2),  tout confort, ensoleillé (exposition sud), vue sur le Panthéon, le Jardin du Luxembourg et le Sénat. La Sorbonne à 100m, Notre Dame à 7 mn à pieds. 2 lits simples et un canapé convertible pour 2             Bien équipé avec climatisation, lave linge, sèche linge, kitchenette équipée avec évier double bac et broyeur. Douche spacieuse et wc. Au 7ème étage avec ascenceur, sous les toits, poutres apparentes. L'appartement comprend 2 lits simples et un canapé lit confortable pour 2 couchages supplémentaires si (website hidden) par câble et internet. Fenêtres en double vitrage donnant rue Soufflot. Appartement d'angle, exposition sud et ouest,  très grande luminosité. Une voiture, garée en parking sous l'immeuble (Suzuki Swift automatique, 5 portes) peut également être mise à disposition pour 50€ par jour.  En général, présents dans l'immeuble, nous nous tenons à la disposition des voyageurs pour toute assistance ou information et échanges souhaités. En
21724	The appartment, on the third floor, is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200), clothes closets, a large kitchen/dining room equipped with fridge, deep freezer, electric oven, gas cooker, washing machine, drying machine, dish washer a table for 6 or 7 persons and all dishes and cooking material, a bathroom with a shower and a bath tub. Sheets and towels are coming with.Wifi access.	Panthéon. In the Vth arrondissement, in a XVIII century building, an 72 square meters apartment to rent for shorts periods. The place is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200),  The appartment, on the third floor, is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200), clothes closets, a large kitchen/dining room equipped with fridge, deep freezer, electric oven, gas cooker, washing machine, drying machine, dish washer a table for 6 or 7 persons and all dishes and cooking material, a bathroom with a shower and a bath tub. Sheets and towels are coming with.Wifi access. Access to all flat. I will be present to give the keys and to explain how is working the place, or somebody who represent me. I am joinable on phone and by Emails The apartment is neighbor to Hemingway's place and James Joyce's place... in the Mouffetard quarter. A lot of cafés and restaurants are there and it is
21725	"Un Week-End? une semaine? un séjour?  Faites de notre appartement votre chez vous! 1/ En plein cœur de Paris pour un emplacement parfait! (proximité quartier latin, notre dame de paris, panthéon, jardin des plantes, quai de seine, jardin du luxembourg) Paris Gourmand --> Restos et petits commerçants en bas de la porte Paris Romantique --> Quai de Seine, jardins et petites ruelles à deux pas Paris capitale de la mode --> Boutiques et quartiers ""shopping"" en quelques minutes  Paris culturel --> sites touristiques et musées à proximité Ici, découvrez le vrai Paris et séjournez dans un appartement moderne au sein d'un quartier vivant et particulièrement gourmand !  L'art de la table française est à votre portée avec des petits commerçants de qualité : fromagers, poissonniers, bouchers, primeurs, boulangers, traiteurs...mais aussi les d'excellentes tables parisiennes! Transports : - Métro : Censier Daubenton / Les Gobelins (ligne 7) - Bus : lignes (phone number hidden) - lieux desservis : s"	"Un Week-End? une semaine? un séjour?  Faites de notre appartement votre chez vous! 1/ En plein cœur de Paris pour un emplacement parfait! (proximité quartier latin, notre dame de paris, panthéon, jardin des plantes, quai de seine, jardin du luxembourg) Paris Gourmand --> Restos et petits commerçants en bas de la porte Paris Romantique --> Quai de Seine, jardins et petites ruelles à deux pas Paris capitale de la mode --> Boutiques et quartiers ""shopping"" en quelques minutes  Paris culturel --> sites touristiques et musées à proximité Ici, découvrez le vrai Paris et séjournez dans un appartement moderne au sein d'un quartier vivant et particulièrement gourmand !  L'art de la table française est à votre portée avec des petits commerçants de qualité : fromagers, poissonniers, bouchers, primeurs, boulangers, traiteurs...mais aussi les d'excellentes tables parisiennes! Transports : - Métro : Censier Daubenton / Les Gobelins (ligne 7) - Bus : lignes (phone number hidden) - lieux desservis : s"
21726	We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the boutiques with articles for sale as the season i	Air Conditioning for those hot summer nights! We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Winter has arrived in Paris the city of lights and is in full swing. The days are crisp and bright with cool evenings, perfect for strolling the banks of the Seine amongst all the activities. With business back to usual and University students preparing for finals there is electricity in the air and plenty of taste and style in the streets. Decorations adorn the shops and seasonal products fill the bo
21727	A clear, comfortable apartment and decorated with sophistication with balconies, situated in a quiet street close to the Mouffetard street, one of the oldest streets shopkeepers of the capital and to two hundred meters of the Pantheon. It's including : A hallway going against a distributed kitchen, a lounge, a dining room and one bedroom with mouldings and chimneys, bathroom in marble land a tiled shower separated. Intercom and guard. You are on foot at five minutes of the subway Censier Daubenton and lines of bus. This district, one of the most beeautiful of Paris, understands the famous Pantheon to the summit of Saint-Geneviève mountain, the national museum of Cluny, the institute of the Arabian world, the magnificent college of the Bernardins, the garden of plants and its museum of natural history, the chapel of the Sorbonne, the church of the Val of grace and arenas of Lutèce. You will find a large number of authentic restaurants cheaply, rooms of movies and the small theaters as t	A clear, comfortable apartment and decorated with sophistication with balconies, situated in a quiet street close to the Mouffetard street, one of the oldest streets shopkeepers of the capital and to two hundred meters of the Pantheon. It's including : A hallway going against a distributed kitchen, a lounge, a dining room and one bedroom with mouldings and chimneys, bathroom in marble land a tiled shower separated. Intercom and guard. You are on foot at five minutes of the subway Censier Daubenton and lines of bus. This district, one of the most beeautiful of Paris, understands the famous Pantheon to the summit of Saint-Geneviève mountain, the national museum of Cluny, the institute of the Arabian world, the magnificent college of the Bernardins, the garden of plants and its museum of natural history, the chapel of the Sorbonne, the church of the Val of grace and arenas of Lutèce. You will find a large number of authentic restaurants cheaply, rooms of movies and the small theaters as t
21728	Dear Guests, Here is a Pretty, Cozy, Neat, Bright, White, New apartment in the central Paris. It's completely private (no communal areas or shared entrance) cozy self-contained, furnished studio apartment. For the location you could not wish better - many of the main sightseeing hot spots are just around the corner and you can go almost everywhere by foot, no need to bother with transport. It's only 2 minutes walking distance to Mouffetard market, 8 min. by foot to Jardin de Plantes, 15 min. to Luxembourg garden  and Pantheon or 20 min. to Notre-Dame de Paris. RER B connecting 2 main airports is 12 minutes away (by foot). Sunny morning walk through crowded market on the charming, centuries-old Mouffetard street, drink fresh coffee in one of the multiple sunlit terasses, smell roasting chicken, taste some cheese from one of the Mouffetard's fromageries, enjoy the view of the colorful fruits everywhere on the street, feel Parisian life in the very center of the capital. Right after that 	Dear Guests, Here is a Pretty, Cozy, Neat, Bright, White, New apartment in the central Paris. It's completely private (no communal areas or shared entrance) cozy self-contained, furnished studio apartment. For the location you could not wish better - many of the main sightseeing hot spots are just around the corner and you can go almost everywhere by foot, no need to bother with transport. It's only 2 minutes walking distance to Mouffetard market, 8 min. by foot to Jardin de Plantes, 15 min. to Luxembourg garden  and Pantheon or 20 min. to Notre-Dame de Paris. RER B connecting 2 main airports is 12 minutes away (by foot). Sunny morning walk through crowded market on the charming, centuries-old Mouffetard street, drink fresh coffee in one of the multiple sunlit terasses, smell roasting chicken, taste some cheese from one of the Mouffetard's fromageries, enjoy the view of the colorful fruits everywhere on the street, feel Parisian life in the very center of the capital. Right after that 
21729	Charming Studio, 25 m2 at Pantheon in the heart of the quartier latin , one big living /bed room. Amazing view on the Pantheon. 3 mn walk from Jardin du Luxembourg and Rue Moufftard. 	Charming Studio, 25 m2 at Pantheon, La Sorbonne & restaurants. 5th floor, NO elevator. Great view on pantheon, calm, renewed, bright. The studio consists of one room  (living & bed room same area) with wooden parquet, separate kitchen fully equipped  Charming Studio, 25 m2 at Pantheon in the heart of the quartier latin , one big living /bed room. Amazing view on the Pantheon. 3 mn walk from Jardin du Luxembourg and Rue Moufftard.  numerous buses and 3 metro station at a 3-5 mn walk  I live in Paris  and can help in some suggestions and if necessary  Very secure neighbourhood with many students and nice restaurants.  5mn walk from Jardin de Luxembourg and many schools as thye Sorbonne, Henvri IV etc. great transportation , numerous buses and 3 mtro station at a 3 - 5 mn walk  NB : No elevator,  Great for students as well as young couples or tourists
21730	C'est comme à la maison.  	Chambre lumineuse dans un appartement spacieux, calme et authentique. Situé dans le quartier mythique de Mouffetard, à 15 minutes à pied de Saint-Michel. Habitación luminosa en un piso grande calma y auténtico. Situado en el barrio mítico de Mouffetard. A 15 minutos de saint Michel. C'est comme à la maison. Salle de bain commune avec baignoire Accès à la cuisine grande et dépaysante. Salon avec télé et ordinateur. Je parle espagnol et profite de l'expérience airbnb pour me perfectionner en anglais. Je suis une grande voyageuse et chez moi vous serez un invité et un ami. Le quartier est central et très animé. C'est le versant parisien du quartier latin. Métro ligne 7  Stations Censier-Daubenton ou Les Gobelins Bus 27, 47, 91 (station Monge Claude Bernard) Vélib' J
21731	Typical la Sorbonne student apartement, 1st floor window looks out on la Sorbonne! The bathroom is brandnew, there's room to put away your suitcase, lots of books, and Karl, my fish : ) 	My Apartment is on the first floor, facing La Sorbonne. It's small but really cosy! Calm one way street in the heart of le Quartier Latin, near Notre-Dame, walking distance to la Seine, Châtelet, le Louvre! Great bus and metro hub. Enjoy!    Typical la Sorbonne student apartement, 1st floor window looks out on la Sorbonne! The bathroom is brandnew, there's room to put away your suitcase, lots of books, and Karl, my fish : )  You have access to almost everything in my apartment as long as you don't damage anything of course.  I'm here to welcome you and give you tips about the neighboorhood and Paris in general. Depending on the date, you might have to give the keys back to a burger place down the street. My  neighborhood is really great because it's in the center of Paris and there a great bus network (great metro network too, but I think the bus is nicer to visit the city, even if it takes longer).  I go walk along the Seine really often, you can really breathe there.  Metro : line 4 
21732	L'appartement a été refait à neuf par une architecte en 2013. Il est très spacieux, a beaucoup de charme et une vue exceptionnelle à Paris sur la verdure (Jardin du Luxembourg). Il y a un gardien dans l'immeuble (très sympathique). L'appartement est entièrement à disposition des visiteurs. Sauf un petit bureau situé au bout de l'appartement qui sera fermé et dans lequel nous stockerons nos affaires personnelles pour offrir à nos visiteurs de la place dans les placards. Accès à Internet par Wifi. Nous serons absents de Paris, mais laisserons des infirmations sur le quartier à nos hôtes. Le coeur du 5ème arrondissement est un des quartiers les plus anciens de Paris. Il y a beaucoup de bons commerçants et de restaurants. il est très agréable de s'y promener à pied. Beaucoup de gens du quartier courent le matin au Luxembourg. Un grand nombre de lignes de bus desservent l'appartement + le RER B (station Luxembourg au pied de l'immeuble) et les stations de métro Cluny La Sorbonne et Odéon. S	Appartement très lumineux au cœur de St Germain. 7 fenêtres sur le jardin du Luxembourg (belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel ) Il peut accueillir 8 personnes. Commerces, restaurants et cafés à proximité. Tout Paris facilement accessible en métro et bus. L'appartement a été refait à neuf par une architecte en 2013. Il est très spacieux, a beaucoup de charme et une vue exceptionnelle à Paris sur la verdure (Jardin du Luxembourg). Il y a un gardien dans l'immeuble (très sympathique). L'appartement est entièrement à disposition des visiteurs. Sauf un petit bureau situé au bout de l'appartement qui sera fermé et dans lequel nous stockerons nos affaires personnelles pour offrir à nos visiteurs de la place dans les placards. Accès à Internet par Wifi. Nous serons absents de Paris, mais laisserons des infirmations sur le quartier à nos hôtes. Le coeur du 5ème arrondissement est un des quartiers les plus anciens de Paris. Il y a beaucoup de bons commerçants et de restaurants. il est très agréable de s
21733	L’appartement de deux pièces est situé dans un ancien couvent. Il est composé de : -une salle bain avec baignoire -une cuisine toute équipée avec bar donnant sur une salle à manger/salon composée d’un canapé convertible en lit deux places -une chambre avec un lit deux places -le salon et la chambre donnant sur une cours silencieuse	Appartement de charme (32 m2, 2 pièces), situé dans le quartier Latin, la rue est idéalement placée : parallèle à la rue Mouffetard/derrière le Panthéon/place de la Contrescarpe/proche Luxembourg. Idéal pour visiter Paris à pieds. L’appartement de deux pièces est situé dans un ancien couvent. Il est composé de : -une salle bain avec baignoire -une cuisine toute équipée avec bar donnant sur une salle à manger/salon composée d’un canapé convertible en lit deux places -une chambre avec un lit deux places -le salon et la chambre donnant sur une cours silencieuse Habitant Paris depuis 10 ans et étant amoureux de cette ville je saurai vous apporter conseils dans vos visites Le quartier est charmant et chargé d'histoire entre le jardin des plantes et le jardin du Luxembourg (quartier de la Sorbonne et proche de Saint Germain). De par sa position il saura attirer les touristes à la recherche d'un séjours limitant les transports et privilégiant les déplacements à pieds. Métro:  Métro Line 7 arr
21734	In the center of Paris, close to mouffetard street and Panthéon, you have a spacious and calm 42m2 apartment in a XIXème century's building (on the first floor with a lift). All windows overlooks on private courtyard (no noise). The living room has 2 sofas which are in fact single beds if you need it. This living room is perfect to relax after a hard day, to read an art book or to share a french breakfast. The bedroom has a big vintage double bed, a wardrobe for your clothes and a huge mirror. All the necessary to sleep is provided. A large separated and fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one oven, a large fridge, a microwave and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  A washing machine (with built-in dryer) is also integrated to the kitchen. A charming bathroom with a shower and a big mirror will wake you up. Towels, washcloth, hair-dryer are provided. A US/UK plug adapter is provided. Internet WIFI provided in the whole apartment.	In the center of Paris, close to mouffetard street and Panthéon, you have a spacious and calm 42m2 apartment in a XIXème century's building (on the first floor with a lift). All windows overlooks on private courtyard (no noise). The living room has 2 sofas which are in fact single beds if you need it. This living room is perfect to relax after a hard day, to read an art book or to share a french breakfast. The bedroom has a big vintage double bed, a wardrobe for your clothes and a huge mirror. All the necessary to sleep is provided. A large separated and fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one oven, a large fridge, a microwave and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  A washing machine (with built-in dryer) is also integrated to the kitchen. A charming bathroom with a shower and a big mirror will wake you up. Towels, washcloth, hair-dryer are provided. A US/UK plug adapter is provided. Internet WIFI provided in the whole apartment. You will h
21735	This very large studio (430 sq.ft/43m² - the main room is about 280sq.ft /28m²) is at the very heart of the Latin Quarter, 100 yards from Notre-Dame and the river Seine. Sitting on the 3rd floor of a 1732 building (Louis XV was king and George Washington only a couple of months old), it offers a breathtaking view of the church of Saint-Severin.  Completely remodeled in early 2014, the apartment has hardwood floors, high ceilings, a fireplace, a fully equipped kitchen and a great tiled bathroom with a large tub. Sleeping arrangements consist in a (European) king-size bed that easily raises up to the ceiling during the day, freeing the space for an extended living area. Much easier and more comfortable than a fold out couch. 	Cozy and romantic, ideally located in the historical center of Paris, this west-facing apartment will make your stay in the City of Lights an unforgettable one.  This very large studio (430 sq.ft/43m² - the main room is about 280sq.ft /28m²) is at the very heart of the Latin Quarter, 100 yards from Notre-Dame and the river Seine. Sitting on the 3rd floor of a 1732 building (Louis XV was king and George Washington only a couple of months old), it offers a breathtaking view of the church of Saint-Severin.  Completely remodeled in early 2014, the apartment has hardwood floors, high ceilings, a fireplace, a fully equipped kitchen and a great tiled bathroom with a large tub. Sleeping arrangements consist in a (European) king-size bed that easily raises up to the ceiling during the day, freeing the space for an extended living area. Much easier and more comfortable than a fold out couch.  Ile Saint-Louis, Sorbonne, Pantheon, Chatelet,City Hall, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Louvre Museum, Pompidou
21736		Lovely studio in a pedestrian street, very animated, restaurants and bars. Next to rue Mouffetard, Jardin de Luxembourg, 10 min from Quartien Latin. 5 min to get to metro station Place Monge.
21737	"***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with beams, high ceiling and large windows. It is fully renovated and located Rue Saint André des Arts, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This 30sqm apartment offers a large living space with comfy Steiner sofa bed for 2 people, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine - dryer, a bathroom, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 2nd floor of a 17th century building. There is a large lift that will allowed you to bring up all your luggage. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"".  Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a "	"This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris! Feel the atmosphere of the Ancient time and get lost in Saint Germain-des-Près. Experience the life in Paris in one of the most historical district of the city. ***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with beams, high ceiling and large windows. It is fully renovated and located Rue Saint André des Arts, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This 30sqm apartment offers a large living space with comfy Steiner sofa bed for 2 people, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine - dryer, a bathroom, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 2nd floor of a 17th century building. There is a large lift that will allowed you to bring up all your luggage. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"".  Step outside to the many shops, "
21738	"Some information concerning the atmosphere and environment around the house: My apartement is located in the heart of Paris, Latin Quarter; near the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg Gardens, Botanical Gardens (one of the oldest gardens of Europe)... The Metro Stations are very close to the house, only 2 minute walk.  Area: very nice and lively, convenient, quite, near to a lot of attractions, National Museum. There are many stores, supermarkets, food markets, international restaurants.  Ernest Hemingway had lived here, perhaps, he had diner in these restaurants, I think!... There is a restaurant called ""Jardin des Pâtes"" just in front when you go out of the building on the right, it has a very good atmosphere and offers delicious food, made with organic products. Also on the same Street Rue Lacépède when you go up a little bit there is a very good bakery and a Picard Supermarket where you can buy ready-made meal which are very good quality and value for money. If you continue"	"The apartment is on the third floor, no lift. It's light and clean, tidy and has a good position, quiet as a countryside in Paris! There are two separed rooms, one double beds and one single bed. There are three windows,  one in each room. Some information concerning the atmosphere and environment around the house: My apartement is located in the heart of Paris, Latin Quarter; near the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg Gardens, Botanical Gardens (one of the oldest gardens of Europe)... The Metro Stations are very close to the house, only 2 minute walk.  Area: very nice and lively, convenient, quite, near to a lot of attractions, National Museum. There are many stores, supermarkets, food markets, international restaurants.  Ernest Hemingway had lived here, perhaps, he had diner in these restaurants, I think!... There is a restaurant called ""Jardin des Pâtes"" just in front when you go out of the building on the right, it has a very good atmosphere and offers delicious food, made"
21739		Quartier latin  proche Panthéon Sorbonne Jardin du Luxembourg Balcon vue sur la Sorbonne . Refait récemment Calme et très central
21740	Bathroom and kitchen are to share with my flatmate You have access to the fuly equipped kitchen including a washing machine The tiny but functional bathroom (with bath). The whole appartement has wifi access.	Quiet room in the city center of Paris.  The flat is shared with one friendly Spanish flatmate. It's on fifth floor (no elevator) so you get lots of light all day long.  Washing machine. High speed internet. All shops nearby. Bathroom and kitchen are to share with my flatmate You have access to the fuly equipped kitchen including a washing machine The tiny but functional bathroom (with bath). The whole appartement has wifi access. Free wifi Sheets and towels separate wc separate kitchen separate bathroom
21741	Lovely studio perfectly located close to Jardin des Plantes and Musee de l'Homme, just steps from Seine River Banks. Located in a very bright and refurbished 22 mq studio flat. Well managed space with functional equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish washer, kettle, coffee machine, toaster, full function microwave, vitro ceramic) and a bathroom with a comfortable shower and wc. The living room, taking benefit of a large window, is furnished with several closets, upper quality sofabed, design chairs & table, LCD screen. Stores all around and Monoprix Supermarket as well as metro at the bottom of the building.	Bright cozy studio apartment between Gare d'Austerlitz & Jardin des Plantes, in the heart of Quartier Latin. Recently renewed, with great layout offering large living with sofabed, well equipped kitchen and bathroom. Supermarket and metro in front Lovely studio perfectly located close to Jardin des Plantes and Musee de l'Homme, just steps from Seine River Banks. Located in a very bright and refurbished 22 mq studio flat. Well managed space with functional equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish washer, kettle, coffee machine, toaster, full function microwave, vitro ceramic) and a bathroom with a comfortable shower and wc. The living room, taking benefit of a large window, is furnished with several closets, upper quality sofabed, design chairs & table, LCD screen. Stores all around and Monoprix Supermarket as well as metro at the bottom of the building. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly
21742	The apartment is equipped with a washing machine, flat screen TV and unlimited WiFi	Hi everyone. My apartment is located in the center of the Paris just near moufftard street. Many restaurants and bars, bakery's and cafes. Many Public transportation near the apartment.  Unlimited WiFi available. The apartment is equipped with a washing machine, flat screen TV and unlimited WiFi Very cozy, not scary at all, even at night, many cafes restaurants and bars Very Convenient transportation: 2 metro lines and 3 bus lines
21743	Ideally located in the Latin quarter, at the foot of the Panthéon, and St Etienne du Mont,  within  walking distance from Notre Dame Cathedral, Saint Germain des Prés, in  the historical heart of Paris on  the left Bank. The flat is on  the fifth floor with a lift, a long balcony and a nice sight on the Pantheon Dome. It’s very bright and exposed to the East and South. It has been renovated quite recently (a new bathroom and a kitchen ) and  it has all the charms of the past with its oak wooden floors and black marble fire place. It combines both ancient and contemporary furniture in the living room and bedroom. Sleep up to 3 people ( a double bed and a convertible couch) Digital code Secure door Double glazing Fully equipped kitchen  Dining room for four Italian rainshower Bedsheets and pillows, towels are provided You are expected to leave the flat as clean as possible. Cleaning fees 80 euros covers the laundry  (sheets, bath towels, and kitchen towels) and the usual cleaning of the 	2 rooms  well equiped and decorated, comfortable bed, balcon along the flat, in  the heart of Paris, near Notre Dame, Luxembourg gardens, very accessible from the airport RERB , tubes, buses, possibility of a personalized transport Ideally located in the Latin quarter, at the foot of the Panthéon, and St Etienne du Mont,  within  walking distance from Notre Dame Cathedral, Saint Germain des Prés, in  the historical heart of Paris on  the left Bank. The flat is on  the fifth floor with a lift, a long balcony and a nice sight on the Pantheon Dome. It’s very bright and exposed to the East and South. It has been renovated quite recently (a new bathroom and a kitchen ) and  it has all the charms of the past with its oak wooden floors and black marble fire place. It combines both ancient and contemporary furniture in the living room and bedroom. Sleep up to 3 people ( a double bed and a convertible couch) Digital code Secure door Double glazing Fully equipped kitchen  Dining room for four It
21744	Agréable et charmant studio situé en plein cœur de Saint Michel dans le 5ème arr., depuis lequel Notre-Dame et Panthéon sont visible, dans un immeuble Haussmannien, calme, au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Il y a un digicode pour accéder à l’intérieur de l’immeuble. Dès que vous passez la porte du studio, vous apprécierez la luminosité, l'ambiance cosy ainsi que la décoration soignée et contemporaine. Le studio est entièrement rénové et composé de 3 pièces (Salon, cuisine, salle-de-bains). La cuisine est équipée de tous les ustensiles basiques de cuisine, d'une plaque de cuisson, Micro-ondes, cafetière Nespresso, réfrigérateur, congélateur  ainsi que d'un lave linge séchant.  La salle de bain se compose d'un lavabo, douche et WC.  La pièce à vivre comprend un très confortable canapé lit de grande qualité, une table, 2 tables basse, meuble de rangement, Internet (Fibre-optique) illimitée. Draps et serviettes inclus. Ce petit coins paisible est situé à 5 minutes à  pied seulement de la cathé	Agréable et charmant studio situé en plein cœur de Saint Michel dans le 5ème arr., depuis lequel Notre-Dame et Panthéon sont visible, dans un immeuble Haussmannien, calme, au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Il y a un digicode pour accéder à l’intérieur de l’immeuble. Dès que vous passez la porte du studio, vous apprécierez la luminosité, l'ambiance cosy ainsi que la décoration soignée et contemporaine. Le studio est entièrement rénové et composé de 3 pièces (Salon, cuisine, salle-de-bains). La cuisine est équipée de tous les ustensiles basiques de cuisine, d'une plaque de cuisson, Micro-ondes, cafetière Nespresso, réfrigérateur, congélateur  ainsi que d'un lave linge séchant.  La salle de bain se compose d'un lavabo, douche et WC.  La pièce à vivre comprend un très confortable canapé lit de grande qualité, une table, 2 tables basse, meuble de rangement, Internet (Fibre-optique) illimitée. Draps et serviettes inclus. Ce petit coins paisible est situé à 5 minutes à  pied seulement de la cathé
21745	This large 73m² duplex with exposed beams and very high ceilings is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter! The building was offered by the french king Louis the 14th, to his favorite girlfriend Mme de Montespan. The flat is fully equipped with high speed internet, Wi-Fi and TV. A charming open kitchen looking with an authentic bistrot bar is an invitation to dinners with the high quality french products sold Place Maubert. There also stands a daily-use double sofa bed, a large desk and a WC. On the 1st floor stands the bedroom and its double bed, a high ceiling and beautiful large french windows equipped with interior shutters. internet access, free international land-line calls, linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent. Amenities Alarm ,Washing machine, Dryer ,Washer/Dryer, Iron, Ironing board, Bed linen provided, Cot ,Cable/Satellite TV ,TV ,Telephone ,Free long distance, High-speed Internet, WiFi ,Microwave ,Stove ,Coffee maker, Esp	This large 73m² duplex with exposed beams and very high ceilings is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter! The building was offered by the french king Louis the 14th, to his favorite girlfriend Mme de Montespan. The flat is fully equipped with high speed internet, Wi-Fi and TV. A charming open kitchen looking with an authentic bistrot bar is an invitation to dinners with the high quality french products sold Place Maubert. There also stands a daily-use double sofa bed, a large desk and a WC. On the 1st floor stands the bedroom and its double bed, a high ceiling and beautiful large french windows equipped with interior shutters. internet access, free international land-line calls, linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent. Amenities Alarm ,Washing machine, Dryer ,Washer/Dryer, Iron, Ironing board, Bed linen provided, Cot ,Cable/Satellite TV ,TV ,Telephone ,Free long distance, High-speed Internet, WiFi ,Microwave ,Stove ,Coffee maker, Esp
21746		Idéalement situé en plein coeur du quartier latin. En face de la sorbonne, cet appartement atypique de 30m² est idéale pour un week end en amoureux dans la ville-lumière.
21747	This beautiful apartment is located on the 3rd floor, with an elevator, of a charming, quality Parisian building, which offers a very pleasant living space., for up to four people. The apartment is bright and spacious; it has a great atmosphere. It has been completely renovated in Summer 2013 and redecorated in a spirit combining both design and French classicism. The comfortable double bed in the bedroom is 160cm in length. The sofa bed is designed for everyday use and can also sleep two people. The kitchen area is separated and the dining area has a warm feel, for your pleasure. The apartment is perfect for a very Parisian stay. Wi-Fi is included throughout the apartment and fresh linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent.	A beautifully refurbished, Parisian apartment! Located on the 3rd floor, with an elevator, of a charming, quality Parisian building, which offers a very pleasant living space, for up to four people next to the famous pedestrian street: Mouffetard This beautiful apartment is located on the 3rd floor, with an elevator, of a charming, quality Parisian building, which offers a very pleasant living space., for up to four people. The apartment is bright and spacious; it has a great atmosphere. It has been completely renovated in Summer 2013 and redecorated in a spirit combining both design and French classicism. The comfortable double bed in the bedroom is 160cm in length. The sofa bed is designed for everyday use and can also sleep two people. The kitchen area is separated and the dining area has a warm feel, for your pleasure. The apartment is perfect for a very Parisian stay. Wi-Fi is included throughout the apartment and fresh linens, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, ar
21748	Sleeps 3 (comfortable  convertible sofa for 2 and 1 japonese futon for 1) Ideal for a couple -fully equiped small kitchen,  -separate shower room with WC  -International  TV and Free Wi-Fi -big balcony looking in a courtyard with a table and chairs  washer dryer , microwaves, oven ,  toaster,kettle , hair dryer  - linen and  towels are provided 	    CENTRAL /VERY CENTRAL  Charming and modern studio very calm looking in a courtyard with big balcony located in the heart of Paris in front of the Botanic garden, along the latin quarter  5 min walk from Marais and Bastille 10 min from Notre Dame     Sleeps 3 (comfortable  convertible sofa for 2 and 1 japonese futon for 1) Ideal for a couple -fully equiped small kitchen,  -separate shower room with WC  -International  TV and Free Wi-Fi -big balcony looking in a courtyard with a table and chairs  washer dryer , microwaves, oven ,  toaster,kettle , hair dryer  - linen and  towels are provided in front of the Botanical  garden of paris , along the latin quarter , a few minutes walk from Marais area Bastille square and notre dame cathedral the seine river is at 50 M with taxi boats ( nice to visit paris)direct eiffel tower  gare de lyon station is at 10 minutes walk Super cafés , restaurants,bars, night clubs all within a walking distance  super market at the foot of the building  metro
21749	The location and views are absolutely unique, the atmosphere is pure magic!  	"This unique apartment enchants guests with spectacular views, vintage details, and a dream situation in the medieval heart of Paris.  It has incredible views from almost every window and is filled with light and great energy!       The location and views are absolutely unique, the atmosphere is pure magic!  Guest will have access to the entire apartment and its terrace.You will be in the very heart of Paris close to all major attractions where you could walk to. I will interact with you all they way up to your arrival in Paris but since when I rent it it means I am out of town once in Paris my friend Myriem will take great care of you. Just a couple blocks from the Seine, St. Michel is a pleasant walk to either  ""Marché de Buci"" or to ""Marché Maubert"". The area is full of outdoor cafés, boutiques, restaurants, bakeries and pastry shops.  Lively Boulevard Saint-Michel is one block away. The apartment is steps to picturesque Rue de la Huchette and two lovely old churches, Romanesque Sain"
21750	Lovely and comfortable place,clean and cozy perfect for a couple..	20MQ in the heart of the quartier Latin metro Saint Michel Notre Dame or Cluny la sorbonne,  Lovely and comfortable place,clean and cozy perfect for a couple.. Amazing neighbourhood, Restaurants everywhere, Notre Dame in 2 minutes by feet, Close to the metro,Bus, and Shops. Metro Cluny la Sorbonne, Saint Michel/Notre Dame
21751		Appartement 18m² rue Mouffetard / Contrescarpe, 1er étage, plein coeur de Paris.  Très bien situé, il permet d'accéder à de nombreux endroits prisés de la capitale pour moins de 15 min à pied (Panthéon, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, Notre Dame de Paris, etc.) Le quartier est très agréable, quasi-piéton et très vivant. Typiquement parisien! Au pied de l'appartement on trouve des restaurants, des bars, des boulangeries, des boutiques, des glaciers mais l'appartement est très calme.
21752	Two rooms appartement in saint michel area ( 2 minutes walk to Place Saint Michel Notre Dame church and Sorbonne) ,paris. big screen tele ,kitchen,bathtube,wc,washing machine in the house with a big balcony.Minimum stay 7 nights.	Appt with 2 rooms,Located in the Latin Quarter, just a few steps from Notre Dame Cathedral and Sorbonne University, a few minutes walk from Louvre Museum, Luxembourg Garden and all other important monuments and major sightseeings of Paris.Sleeps 3. Two rooms appartement in saint michel area ( 2 minutes walk to Place Saint Michel Notre Dame church and Sorbonne) ,paris. big screen tele ,kitchen,bathtube,wc,washing machine in the house with a big balcony.Minimum stay 7 nights. the appartment will be in acces of guests during their stay. Notre Dame cathedral,Sorbonne uiversit,Latin Quarter,Fountain Saint Michel,Luxembourg garden and Pantheon are few minutes walking from the appartement. You have direct access by metro line 4 (metro station Saint Michel) or metro line 10 (metro station Clunny Sorbonne) or RER-B train (station Luxembourg)
21753	Au cœur du Quartier latin, à 500m de la Seine, dans un immeuble calme, vous bénéficierez d'un appartement lumineux avec 3 grandes portes fenêtres donnant sur les arbres de la rue Jussieu. Très bien agencé, totalement refait à neuf avec des équipements de haute qualité.	Au cœur du quartier latin, dans un immeuble du 18e, un charmant 3 pièces lumineux et refait à neuf au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Au cœur du Quartier latin, à 500m de la Seine, dans un immeuble calme, vous bénéficierez d'un appartement lumineux avec 3 grandes portes fenêtres donnant sur les arbres de la rue Jussieu. Très bien agencé, totalement refait à neuf avec des équipements de haute qualité. Une grande pièce à vivre, cheminée, balcon fleuri, une bibliothèque avec de nombreux livres à votre disposition. 2 chambres spacieuses. La première a un lit double et un grand dressing, l'autre 2 lits simples et un petit bureau ancien.  La cuisine et la salle de bains, qui contient un jacuzzi et une douche, ont été refaits à neuf.  4ème étage avec ascenseur. Accès à toutes les pièces. Une personne sera joignable en cas de problème. Quartier latin, quartier très animé avec nombreux commerces, restaurants et cinéma à proximité. A 500 m des bords de Seine. Commerces : 2 mini markets Carrefour rue Ju
21754	Cet appartement est un ancien deux pièces transformé en grand studio avec la partie chambre séparée du salon par une demi cloison. Il est situé dans un petit immeuble ancien bien entretenu de 3 étages seulement, sur une cour pavée et arborée, rare dans Paris. Il est au 2ème étage, est ensoleillé tous les matins, les voisins sont calmes, c'est le lieu idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule désirant passer quelques semaines ou mois à Paris dans un quartier animé, agréable et très sûr. 	Charmant 2 pièces transformé en grand studio (env. 30 m2), partie chambre séparée du salon par une demi cloison, excellent état, calme, ensoleillé, petit nid douillet dans  le Paris d'autrefois. Quartier Mouffetard Gobelins, animé, central, sûr. Cet appartement est un ancien deux pièces transformé en grand studio avec la partie chambre séparée du salon par une demi cloison. Il est situé dans un petit immeuble ancien bien entretenu de 3 étages seulement, sur une cour pavée et arborée, rare dans Paris. Il est au 2ème étage, est ensoleillé tous les matins, les voisins sont calmes, c'est le lieu idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule désirant passer quelques semaines ou mois à Paris dans un quartier animé, agréable et très sûr.  L'appartement est meublé et dispose de nombreux rangements. Vous pourrez vous y installer confortablement. La cuisine est équipée de 2 plaques de cuisson halogène  et de 2 fours (micro ondes + électrique), d'un réfrigérateur et de tout le nécessaire en vaissell
21755	When you will open the windows, you will see one of the most famous street in Paris (3st floor). The apartment is fully equiped : wifi, tv, 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed, full equiped kitchen and full equiped bathroom with 1 washing machine.	Beautiful apartment located in front of the place Saint-Michel, the best area of Paris to enjoy the city. In the heart of the heart of Paris close to everything. Trust us, you will be so happy :)    When you will open the windows, you will see one of the most famous street in Paris (3st floor). The apartment is fully equiped : wifi, tv, 1 double bed and 1 sofa bed, full equiped kitchen and full equiped bathroom with 1 washing machine. From the airport or Train station, you dont have any transfer, you just come in the train and you wait to get off at station Saint-Michel (life is cool !) You cant find a better location, its very easy to access here : Metro line 4 and RER B . I provide private wifi acces which can be used in lot of places in Paris I am ready to talk on whatsapp if you prefer ;) Area is so perfect and close to every bar, restaurants, shopping, supermarkets and places to visits. The apartment is quiet even if the area is well known
21756		Charming studio in the heart of the latin quartier  of Paris. Equiped kitchenette, 5 minutes walk from Paris most finest delicatessen. 10 minutes walk from the Pantheon, jardin du Luxembourg and Notre Dame!
21757		    Je loue très joli studio dans le cœur de Paris, composé de une pièce principale, une petite cuisine, une salle de bain et un mezzanine. 26 mt carrés, complétement équipé. idéal pour un couple. De préférence courte période (max 1 semaine).    
21758	Small reception/leaving room with fully equipped kitchen, bath room with shower, floor heating, wifi and bluetooth with integrated loudspeakers, breakfast corner Bedroom with real bed 1.60/2.00m , large tv flat screen	On the 6th floor with elevator, 1 bedroom apartment entirely renovated, mythical location with a view on Saint Andre des Arts   Direct link by train (RER) from Charles de Gaulle airport in 30 minutes and 1 minute walk from the Saint Michel station Small reception/leaving room with fully equipped kitchen, bath room with shower, floor heating, wifi and bluetooth with integrated loudspeakers, breakfast corner Bedroom with real bed 1.60/2.00m , large tv flat screen The apartment is located in one of the oldest parts of historical Paris Most of the buildings are dating back to the 18th century and you can reach many monuments such as Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre museum or Orsay museum by foot Strolling through the area you will see plenty of popular restaurants and shops and ejpy the true parisian atmosphere From the Charles de Gaulle airport you can reach the apartment directly in 30 minute (RER B) Exit the Saint Michel Station the building is just next to the station
21759	Appartement refait il y a deux ans typique de Paris : cheminée, parquet, cuisine équipée, double vitrage. Situé au 1er étage plein sud, il se compose d'une grande chambre sur cour et jardin et d'un salon avec cuisine très fonctionnelle. 	Appartement refait il y a deux ans typique de Paris : cheminée, parquet, cuisine équipée, double vitrage. Situé au 1er étage plein sud, il se compose d'une grande chambre sur cour et jardin et d'un salon avec cuisine très fonctionnelle.  Appartement entièrement équipé.  Cuisine équipée (micro-onde, four, machine à laver le linge), internet Wifi, TV. Salon avec table + chaises et canapé.  Petit salle de bain fonctionnelle (douche, sèche cheveux). Chambre spacieuse (lit double) avec cheminée, bureau. Il donne sur une cour privative.  N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour préparer votre séjour à Paris, je serai ravie de vous donner des idées, des conseils et des bonnes adresses dans ce quartier qui regorge d'endroits charmants.  Situé au coeur du cinquième arrondissement, cet appartement est à deux pas du Jardin des Plantes, de la Place Monge et de son agréable marché, de la Rue Mouffetard avec ses restaurants et bars animés, de la Mosquée de Paris ou encore des arènes de Lutèce (site histori
21760	Enjoy the charm of yesteryear Paris at a bend of a calm paved street of the Latin Quarter. This welcoming two bedrooms apartment exudes comfort. Displaying a bright living room with exposed beams and an open fully equipped kitchen at the heart of the apartment, it also features a comfy double bedroom, a living with double sofa bed, a very nice single bedroom and a bathroom with toilet. Enjoy a nice view on a flowered courtyard from the bedroom, and over rue Rolin on the living side.	rIdeally located in the Latin Quarter, just a few steps away from the famous Place de la Contrescarpe. This apartment features  a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom and a separated toilet. Enjoy the charm of yesteryear Paris at a bend of a calm paved street of the Latin Quarter. This welcoming two bedrooms apartment exudes comfort. Displaying a bright living room with exposed beams and an open fully equipped kitchen at the heart of the apartment, it also features a comfy double bedroom, a living with double sofa bed, a very nice single bedroom and a bathroom with toilet. Enjoy a nice view on a flowered courtyard from the bedroom, and over rue Rolin on the living side. Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal 
21761	Situation exceptionnelle au cœur d'un jardin en plein centre historique de Paris.	Superbe duplex, comme une maison donnant sur un grand jardin arboré. Calme absolu au cœur du quartier Mouffetard-Panthéon. 1 chambre avec un  grand lit, 1 chambre avec un lit enfant et un lit bébé. Grand salon lumineux. Pierre et poutres apparentes. Situation exceptionnelle au cœur d'un jardin en plein centre historique de Paris.
21762	This studio is ideal for:  - 2 people but may accommodate up to 3 (ex. 1 couple + 1 child/adult).  - Outgoing people who will mostly use it to sleep - People who enjoy visiting paris by foot and avoid commuting:  i - On Rue Mouffetard in the heart of Latin Quarter ii - 5 minutes walk from Panthéon iii - 15 minutes walk from the Seine River; Eglise Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis / Ile de la Cité iv - 5 minutes walk from Jardin des Plantes v - 15 minutes walk from Jardin du Luxembourg	With an area of 23 m2, this studio can accommodate 2 to 3 people and has the dual advantage of being in a quiet courtyard while located on Rue Mouffetard, one of the oldest and most animated streets of the Latin Quarter in the Heart of Paris This studio is ideal for:  - 2 people but may accommodate up to 3 (ex. 1 couple + 1 child/adult).  - Outgoing people who will mostly use it to sleep - People who enjoy visiting paris by foot and avoid commuting:  i - On Rue Mouffetard in the heart of Latin Quarter ii - 5 minutes walk from Panthéon iii - 15 minutes walk from the Seine River; Eglise Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis / Ile de la Cité iv - 5 minutes walk from Jardin des Plantes v - 15 minutes walk from Jardin du Luxembourg Unlimted Wifi internet connection available for free Room:  - 1 window overlooking a quiet courtyard - 1 real bed: 140x200cm (very confortable) - 1 real bed: 90x190cm (very confortable) - 1 nightstand - 1 Desk + 1 chair - 1 extendable table with 2 chairs Windowless kitc
21763	Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, this apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a typicall Hausmaniann building (moldings, heigh ceilings, parquet floor,...). It sleeps 6 persons. Completly renew in 2013, the windows are double glazed and there is a high speed Internet connexion.  - Living room with dining table, decorative chimney, sofa-bed (2 persons) - Independant and equipped kitchen : electric cooktops, micro-wave, extractor hood,... - The 1st bedroom comes with one double bed (160 cm) with ensuite bathroom - The 2nd bedroom comes with two single bed that can be converted into one double-bed, ensuite showerroom - Dressing room and several cupboards - Long balcony 	This is a completly renovated 2 bedroom apartment that sleeps 6 persons. It has s typical Hausmaniann moldings, heigh ceilings and parquet floor Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, this apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a typicall Hausmaniann building (moldings, heigh ceilings, parquet floor,...). It sleeps 6 persons. Completly renew in 2013, the windows are double glazed and there is a high speed Internet connexion.  - Living room with dining table, decorative chimney, sofa-bed (2 persons) - Independant and equipped kitchen : electric cooktops, micro-wave, extractor hood,... - The 1st bedroom comes with one double bed (160 cm) with ensuite bathroom - The 2nd bedroom comes with two single bed that can be converted into one double-bed, ensuite showerroom - Dressing room and several cupboards - Long balcony The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the house
21764	"We invested in this studio for the day our kids are students and need a place in Paris. We consider this place an extension to our own home and we've made it as pleasant as possible. We also want to make sure it stays clean, cosy and comfortable. Its location in Paris is excellent : ""everyhting"" is within walking distance. The only dark point is that there isn't much natural light. So far, only one visitor has pointed that out and said I should mention it. Eveyone else seems to have spent more time out than in the studio..."	"The studio is located in the Latin Quarter, in a building that was a monastery inthe 17th century. It is very close to the Sorbonne Univ. and Notre Dame is just on the other side of the Seine River. The neighborhood offers excellent entertainment. We invested in this studio for the day our kids are students and need a place in Paris. We consider this place an extension to our own home and we've made it as pleasant as possible. We also want to make sure it stays clean, cosy and comfortable. Its location in Paris is excellent : ""everyhting"" is within walking distance. The only dark point is that there isn't much natural light. So far, only one visitor has pointed that out and said I should mention it. Eveyone else seems to have spent more time out than in the studio... Métro Maubert Mutualité is the nearest Métro Station. Bus 63 (also place Maubert) will take you to gare de Lyon in 15 mn) Phone, email and Skype contacts are possible. A mobile phone is available to my guests so we can get"
21765	Joli appartement dans bel immeuble Appartement très calme et lumineux, donnant sur cour arborée. 5eme étage avec ascenseur. 1 ventilateur. Cuisine équipée avec bouilloire, cafetière,... Salle de bain avec grande douche et lave linge séchant. Possibilité de louer un parking privatif et fermé à 500 metres. Cloison amovible pour créer un espace chambre Salon avec canapé lit double, télévision avec chaines du cable Espace chambre avec 2 lits simples ( ou un lit double). Bien équipé	"A deux pas du quartier Mouffetard Un salon avec canapé lit tres confortable et espace chambre avec 2 lits simples ou un grand lit double Cuisine équipée: micro onde salle d'eau avec grande douche, lave linge. Calme,sur cour Ventilateur Joli appartement dans bel immeuble Appartement très calme et lumineux, donnant sur cour arborée. 5eme étage avec ascenseur. 1 ventilateur. Cuisine équipée avec bouilloire, cafetière,... Salle de bain avec grande douche et lave linge séchant. Possibilité de louer un parking privatif et fermé à 500 metres. Cloison amovible pour créer un espace chambre Salon avec canapé lit double, télévision avec chaines du cable Espace chambre avec 2 lits simples ( ou un lit double). Bien équipé Appartement uniquement pour vous. J'habite sur Paris et je suis toujours disponible en cas de probleme. Quartier très parisien avec des petits restaurants typiques et tous les commerces alimentaires. Tres beau marché. A coté du Museum . Métro ""Censier Daubenton "" et ""Gobelins"" Nom"
21766	The wooden beams on the ceiling give a romantic feeling. Apartment is very calm. It is a peaceful oasis within the vivid activity of Quartier Latin. The apartment has been fully repainted recently. The main bathroom is also totally new. The small bathtub will was replaced by a nice shower. Tiles, paint and sink where also replaced by modern ones. All 4 windows of the apartment offer great views : the ancient Paris city, Lutecia, had its arenas located there. You may visit the garden and sit on the ruins of the arena. If you have kids the zoo and museum of natural history are in the “Jardin des Plantes” 1 mn walking distance. Apartment set up - the living room and dining room are linked. Kitchen is open, integrated in the dining room and offers a bar. The lounge area comfortably seats 5 guests. The dining table could seat up to 6 guests. Both bedrooms have their private bathroom & toilets. The apt has the convenience of a 2nd bathroom linked to the second bedroom. It is small but it is 	4th fl.(US) 2 bdr apt within walking distance of Notre-Dame Cathedral and Saint-Germain.  One finds plenty of restaurants, shops, cinemas and many cultural sites to visit.  The apt looks over Ancient Paris Lutecia. Cozy, calm, excellent location The wooden beams on the ceiling give a romantic feeling. Apartment is very calm. It is a peaceful oasis within the vivid activity of Quartier Latin. The apartment has been fully repainted recently. The main bathroom is also totally new. The small bathtub will was replaced by a nice shower. Tiles, paint and sink where also replaced by modern ones. All 4 windows of the apartment offer great views : the ancient Paris city, Lutecia, had its arenas located there. You may visit the garden and sit on the ruins of the arena. If you have kids the zoo and museum of natural history are in the “Jardin des Plantes” 1 mn walking distance. Apartment set up - the living room and dining room are linked. Kitchen is open, integrated in the dining room and offers 
21767	Appartement au 3ème étage sans ascenseur typiquement parisien avec du parquet, où il fait bon se reposer. Son emplacement est agréable dans ce quartier animé! Il se compose d'une entrée donnant sur un salon/salle à manger. Vous y aurez accès à: - écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes câblées ( Langue anglaise possible) - Lecteur CD/ DVD/ Blue Ray/3D - 1 canapé convertible très confortable 160/200cm - 1 table à manger 4/6 personnes Ce salon donne ensuite accès à la chambre à coucher: - Avec un vrai lit 160/200cm - Une armoire où mettre vos habits - Une salle de bain en carrelage blanc avec 1 fenêtre, une baignoire, sèche- cheveux et sèche serviette. Linge, serviettes, gants de toilettes et savon sont inclus dans la location. L'entrée de l'appartement quant à lui donne accès à: - Des toilettes séparées Une cuisine totalement équipée: - Plaque à induction - Un réfrigérateur avec un congélateur - Micro-ondes, bouilloire, toaster, machine à expresso, mixeur/ blender et centrifugeuse avec lesq	Charmant  3 pièces de 57m², 3ème étage sans ascenseur à 5 min à pied de notre dame,  au cœur du quartier latin. Point de départ idéal pour visiter Paris. Appartement au 3ème étage sans ascenseur typiquement parisien avec du parquet, où il fait bon se reposer. Son emplacement est agréable dans ce quartier animé! Il se compose d'une entrée donnant sur un salon/salle à manger. Vous y aurez accès à: - écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes câblées ( Langue anglaise possible) - Lecteur CD/ DVD/ Blue Ray/3D - 1 canapé convertible très confortable 160/200cm - 1 table à manger 4/6 personnes Ce salon donne ensuite accès à la chambre à coucher: - Avec un vrai lit 160/200cm - Une armoire où mettre vos habits - Une salle de bain en carrelage blanc avec 1 fenêtre, une baignoire, sèche- cheveux et sèche serviette. Linge, serviettes, gants de toilettes et savon sont inclus dans la location. L'entrée de l'appartement quant à lui donne accès à: - Des toilettes séparées Une cuisine totalement équipée: - Pl
21768	Grand studio de  dans immeuble ancien, en très bon état (refait en 2011 par architecte). Il comprend une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse (2 fenêtres), ingénieusement agencée en séjour, salle à manger escamotable, et lit matrimonial (140X190) escamotable, ainsi qu'un bureau. Petite cuisine séparée entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle. Salle de douche avec WC, lave-linge. Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce à un canapé convertible, un téléviseur écran plat. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 140 permettant un couchage facile pour deux personnes adultes. Le coin repas offre une table avec 4 tabourets. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. L'équipement comprend un sèche-cheveux, un toasteur, une bouilloire électrique, une machine à café, un four, une cuisinière au gaz, un réfrigérateur avec freezer et bien entendu toute la vaisselle nécessaire.  	Ce grand studio lumineux au cœur de Paris bénéficie d'une superbe vue. Entièrement rénové par architecte, totalement équipé, il est idéalement placé, à proximité de tous transports, commerces, restaurants et sites touristiques. Quartier latin. Grand studio de  dans immeuble ancien, en très bon état (refait en 2011 par architecte). Il comprend une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse (2 fenêtres), ingénieusement agencée en séjour, salle à manger escamotable, et lit matrimonial (140X190) escamotable, ainsi qu'un bureau. Petite cuisine séparée entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle. Salle de douche avec WC, lave-linge. Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce à un canapé convertible, un téléviseur écran plat. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 140 permettant un couchage facile pour deux personnes adultes. Le coin repas offre une table avec 4 tabourets. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. L'équipement comprend un sèche-cheveux, un toasteur, une bouilloire é
21769	Superbe apartment extremely stylish in the latin Quarter, one block from the River, metro Saint Michel. Completely renovated with huge space and ceilings. Elevator. washer/dryer, FREE wifi.  Kitchen fully furnished.	Superbe apartment extremely stylish in the latin Quarter, one block from the River, metro Saint Michel. Completely renovated with huge space and ceilings. Elevator. washer/dryer, FREE wifi. Kitchen fully furnished. Superbe apartment extremely stylish in the latin Quarter, one block from the River, metro Saint Michel. Completely renovated with huge space and ceilings. Elevator. washer/dryer, FREE wifi.  Kitchen fully furnished.
21770		je loue une chambre dans mon appartement situé au milieu du quartier latin a deux pas du panthéon . vous pourrez aussi profiter de la terrasse avec vue sur la ville lumière chambre spacieuse d'environ 20m2 avec lit deux place tout confort.
21771	979 square meter apartment, fully renovated in July, 2014. Located on the 4th floor, with an elevator. Perfectly fits 4 people (max. 5). Ideally located on Monge Street, features a double living-room, an open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom.  Kitchen: - Table fitting 6 people - Induction cooker - Dishwasher - Fridge and Freezer - Washer/dryer - Microwave, oven, kettle, toaster, espresso machine, blender...  Double living-room: Very bright. Has 2 big well-positioned windows (West), a comfortable couch, two leather easy chairs, a huge coffee table.  Bathroom: Has a shower, a big sink and a towel-dryer. Toilets separated from the bathroom. Two bedrooms: A double bed for the first bedroom and a queen bed for the second one. Both have night stands, windows and closets.   Appartement d'une superficie de 91 m2 entièrement rénové et restructuré en juillet 2014, situé au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur. Parfait pour 4 personnes (maximum 5 personnes). Idéalement situé rue Monge, il dispose d'un 	4 room apartment (Double living room, 2 bedrooms) - 979 square feet, genuinely french with its wooden floors and old fireplace. Bright and calm, on the 4th floor, in Paris' 5th district. 1 min from place Monge and Mouffetard Street, near the Seine. 979 square meter apartment, fully renovated in July, 2014. Located on the 4th floor, with an elevator. Perfectly fits 4 people (max. 5). Ideally located on Monge Street, features a double living-room, an open kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom.  Kitchen: - Table fitting 6 people - Induction cooker - Dishwasher - Fridge and Freezer - Washer/dryer - Microwave, oven, kettle, toaster, espresso machine, blender...  Double living-room: Very bright. Has 2 big well-positioned windows (West), a comfortable couch, two leather easy chairs, a huge coffee table.  Bathroom: Has a shower, a big sink and a towel-dryer. Toilets separated from the bathroom. Two bedrooms: A double bed for the first bedroom and a queen bed for the second one. Both have night 
21772	This charming appartment is a perfect home away from home for a few days, right in the heart of the Latin Quarter, the historical and sought-after area of Paris. It is situated only 5 minutes from the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Panthéon and close to the Luxembourg gardens and the upmarket Saint Germain area. There is a market nearby on Tuesday and on Saturday mornings, where you can purchase fresh, French products. Bread and baked goods can be bought right all around the building. Transport: Maubert Mutualité metro stop is 2 minutes away (line 10) and Saint Michel Notre Dame (RER B/Line 4) is only 5 minutes by foot from the appartment. There are also various bus lines, meaning you are extremely well situated within the capital city. The studio: Situated on the 4th floor of the building, without a lift, meaning you have an amazing view over the Parisian rooftops.  Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, hobs, microwave oven, all utensils and cooking equipment you may need) - A folding tabl	This charming appartment is a perfect home away from home for a few days, right in the heart of the Latin Quarter, the historical and sought-after area of Paris. It is situated only 5 minutes from the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Panthéon and close to the Luxembourg gardens and the upmarket Saint Germain area. There is a market nearby on Tuesday and on Saturday mornings, where you can purchase fresh, French products. Bread and baked goods can be bought right all around the building. Transport: Maubert Mutualité metro stop is 2 minutes away (line 10) and Saint Michel Notre Dame (RER B/Line 4) is only 5 minutes by foot from the appartment. There are also various bus lines, meaning you are extremely well situated within the capital city. The studio: Situated on the 4th floor of the building, without a lift, meaning you have an amazing view over the Parisian rooftops.  Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, hobs, microwave oven, all utensils and cooking equipment you may need) - A folding tabl
21773	Attractive studio of 25m2 completely equipped: sofa beds, sofa, television, fitted kitchen, refrigerator, induction cooker, shower and toilets.  The studio is located on the second floor of a charming building (without elevator) and gives out onto a small courtyard. It is very quiet and you will feel at home! The apartment is equipped with a sofa bed, we can also propose a small inflatable mattress for a third person. You will just need to provide a sleeping bag. Equipped with a sofa reads, we can proposed a small inflatable mattress for a third person. You will then need to bring a plan sleeping bag. 	The apartment is really nice and well equipped. It is located in the historical Paris: inside the latin area, and really close to Notre Dame, jardin du Luxembourg, St Germain des Prés, and metro, bus, bicyle & taxi station.  Attractive studio of 25m2 completely equipped: sofa beds, sofa, television, fitted kitchen, refrigerator, induction cooker, shower and toilets.  The studio is located on the second floor of a charming building (without elevator) and gives out onto a small courtyard. It is very quiet and you will feel at home! The apartment is equipped with a sofa bed, we can also propose a small inflatable mattress for a third person. You will just need to provide a sleeping bag. Equipped with a sofa reads, we can proposed a small inflatable mattress for a third person. You will then need to bring a plan sleeping bag. The studio is well located with public transport nearby; Metro stations, bus, RER  B, to get to and from airports, self-service rental bikes… Very close to the apartm
21774	- 4th floor - NO elevator ! - Apartment of 48m2 ( 576 ft2) :  - Living room (with 1 sleeping) / Dining room + kitchen (fully equipped).  - Bedroom 2 person.  - Dressing room / office  - Bathroom - toilet included  - bedding and towels provided	• BEAUTIFUL 2/3 ROOMS - located on a nice quiet street right between the Pantheon, Notre Dame, La Seine… • All transport  • Multitude of cafés, restaurants and shops. - 4th floor - NO elevator ! - Apartment of 48m2 ( 576 ft2) :  - Living room (with 1 sleeping) / Dining room + kitchen (fully equipped).  - Bedroom 2 person.  - Dressing room / office  - Bathroom - toilet included  - bedding and towels provided RER B station: Luxembourg and Saint Michel  direct access to both main airports (CDG and Orly)  Direct access to the main Stations (Gare du Nord, Gare de Lyon, Gare de l'Est ...) by Bus or RER B  Several BUS / day and Night  Métro Line 4, 10, 7 ...  Velib stations and Autolib (rental bike and car) down the street.
21775	On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floor. Each floor has it's particularity as you can see on the pictures.  The house is in a courtyard,  so it is very quiet and peaceful, the residential area is very safe. The first floor is used only for the kitchen fully equipped ( oven, microwave, mixer, kettle, coffe machine etc...), you have got everything you need to prepare your meal. On the second floor you will find the living room with Wifi, TV and a sofa.  On the 3 floor there is one single bed and one double bed on the 4th floor. Recently renovated, this house can welcome 3 persons. Perfectly located, near Saint Michel and Notre Dame (15 minutes by walk) , you are at the heart of the cultural Paris. The river Seine is just in front of you! Near the apartment you will a lot of restaurants, bars, shops, exhibitions, from which you can start your touristic program. The surface of the house is about 15m², it is very well decorated and arranged, you will feel he	On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floor. Each floor has a particular special atmosphere as you can see on the pictures . You won't forget it! On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floor. Each floor has it's particularity as you can see on the pictures.  The house is in a courtyard,  so it is very quiet and peaceful, the residential area is very safe. The first floor is used only for the kitchen fully equipped ( oven, microwave, mixer, kettle, coffe machine etc...), you have got everything you need to prepare your meal. On the second floor you will find the living room with Wifi, TV and a sofa.  On the 3 floor there is one single bed and one double bed on the 4th floor. Recently renovated, this house can welcome 3 persons. Perfectly located, near Saint Michel and Notre Dame (15 minutes by walk) , you are at the heart of the cultural Paris. The river Seine is just in front of you! Near the apartment you will a lot of restauran
21776		Nice studio in latin quarter near the Pantheon, ideally localized.  A bed for 2 persons, kitchen, bathroom with washing machine. Lot of good restaurants and bars around !  I speak english and spanish and  It's a fantastic neighborhood. The 5th arrondissement is a really nice area: historical monuments and charming streets, lot of restaurants and bars.  bus and metro lines
21777	Tastefully decorated, and of generous size,  (28 m2, about 295 ft2) with modern appliances and well laid out floor plan. There is a small galley kitchen, behind a wall, leaving the bedroom/living room open and spacious. The apartment has a washer and dryer, good size shower, well equipped kitchen and lots of closet/storage space. It is in a very busy and bustling area, however, since the apartment is off the street and back on the courtyard, you can be assured a quiet and tranquil stay. The courtyard is small and quaint, with hanging flowers/geraniums, on the window boxes. The entrance is secure and building is well maintained despite its age- over 400 years old! The apartment is located on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) without an elevator. This is a very typical French “pied -à- terre”, which you will enjoy due to its excellent location and tastefully done interior. And every time you walk back outside you will already be in the heart of Paris!	In the heart of the Latin Quarter, just a short walk to the Seine, this is a great location for your holiday. You can visit Notre Dame, St Germain and Ile Saint Louis within a few minutes walk.  The apartment sleeps up to 3 guests comfortably. Tastefully decorated, and of generous size,  (28 m2, about 295 ft2) with modern appliances and well laid out floor plan. There is a small galley kitchen, behind a wall, leaving the bedroom/living room open and spacious. The apartment has a washer and dryer, good size shower, well equipped kitchen and lots of closet/storage space. It is in a very busy and bustling area, however, since the apartment is off the street and back on the courtyard, you can be assured a quiet and tranquil stay. The courtyard is small and quaint, with hanging flowers/geraniums, on the window boxes. The entrance is secure and building is well maintained despite its age- over 400 years old! The apartment is located on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) without an elevator. Thi
21778		Prestigious address just steps away from Notre-Dame. The apartment is on the first floor. Includes (kitchen with utensils, bathroom, WI-Fi, DVD player...). Ceiling is 5 meters high with a convenient mezzanine/bedroom in the roomy living room.
21779	This newly renovated 19 square meter studio is situated on the ground floor of a 16th building located is a small quiet and safe street in the heart of the Latin district. It is just 50 meters from Bd St Germain, Notre Dame's Cathedral and the Seine river and very near also the Sorbonne. Plenty of restaurants, bars, cafés, health clubs, a swiming pool, metro stations, market, bus stops, supermarkets and various shops are available within walking distance (less than 200 meters). You can walk  from there to many places of interest. The main entrance consists of a French door protected by a metal gate/grid. It faces a quiet courtyard. The floor is parqueted with oak wood everywhere except in the bathroom and toilets which is all tiled. There are also beams and a 3,20 m high ceiling, retaining it’s very ancient French charm. It has a large window (with wooden shuttles).  The studio is furnished with: a single mezzanine bed for a child or a younger person, reachable by a ladder, a sofa with	This studio is situated on the ground floor of a 16th building is a quiet and safe street in the heart of the Latin quarter 50 meters from Bd St Germain, Notre Dame the river and near the Sorbonne. W/restaurants, cafés, metro & bus stops, shops, etc This newly renovated 19 square meter studio is situated on the ground floor of a 16th building located is a small quiet and safe street in the heart of the Latin district. It is just 50 meters from Bd St Germain, Notre Dame's Cathedral and the Seine river and very near also the Sorbonne. Plenty of restaurants, bars, cafés, health clubs, a swiming pool, metro stations, market, bus stops, supermarkets and various shops are available within walking distance (less than 200 meters). You can walk  from there to many places of interest. The main entrance consists of a French door protected by a metal gate/grid. It faces a quiet courtyard. The floor is parqueted with oak wood everywhere except in the bathroom and toilets which is all tiled. There a
21780	Sunny and quiet thanks to its exposure on the inner court, this (website hidden) apartment is particular in its décor and use of colours. It offers all the charm and characteristics of olden day Parisian life, with modern day comforts. The flavour and charm of this apartment is already savoured from the period wooden staircase leading up to its front door. Once there, the apartment opens onto a well planned space which offers, to the left, a bright and sunny living room, where a large couch and two comfortable matching armchairs lay facing a decorative fireplace, and a round table in the corner acts as a cosy work space. Behind the couch is a second, slightly larger round table, ideal for dinners with guests, while the wall is fitted with a spacious closet, perfect for storing clothes and all personal belongings. To the right of the entrance, on the other hand, is the charming, modern separate kitchen, fully equipped with all necessities including a dishwasher and washer-dryer. The sle	Charming and delightful one bedroom apartment for rent in Paris, with separate kitchen, fully renovated and decorated in 2007, located on the third floor of a characteristic building of St. Germain (no elevator) in the heart of the 5th arrondissement Sunny and quiet thanks to its exposure on the inner court, this (website hidden) apartment is particular in its décor and use of colours. It offers all the charm and characteristics of olden day Parisian life, with modern day comforts. The flavour and charm of this apartment is already savoured from the period wooden staircase leading up to its front door. Once there, the apartment opens onto a well planned space which offers, to the left, a bright and sunny living room, where a large couch and two comfortable matching armchairs lay facing a decorative fireplace, and a round table in the corner acts as a cosy work space. Behind the couch is a second, slightly larger round table, ideal for dinners with guests, while the wall is fitted with 
21781	Perfect for young travelers, couple, friends, whoever you are as long as you feel able to climb up 5 floors :)  An old apartment full of character willing to host you in the latin area, very center of Paris. Ceiling timbers make the tiny but peaceful place warm and welcoming.  A sunny bedroom, a relaxing livingroom with its convertible sofa, a well equipped kitchen and a complete bathroom,  until 4 people can fit in this 33m² apartment.  Also you'll have to get along with our two goldfishes called Maugrey & Blacko. 	Two laidback students renting out their lovely haven in the very heart of Paris (Saint-Michel) in an ancien building from XV century. A tiny and welcoming 1br apartment for a few nights without breaking the bank !  See you soon. Perfect for young travelers, couple, friends, whoever you are as long as you feel able to climb up 5 floors :)  An old apartment full of character willing to host you in the latin area, very center of Paris. Ceiling timbers make the tiny but peaceful place warm and welcoming.  A sunny bedroom, a relaxing livingroom with its convertible sofa, a well equipped kitchen and a complete bathroom,  until 4 people can fit in this 33m² apartment.  Also you'll have to get along with our two goldfishes called Maugrey & Blacko.  Feel free to use all of our equipment: TV, videogames, games, turntable, books and dvd, mini pool, domestic appliance, toaster, oven, grill, hob, coffee...   You can reach us by mail, phone, facebuck.  We'd like to personally greet our guests and ma
21782	"Close to Notre Dame cathedral, Pantheon, Sorbonne , Luxembourg Gardens, Hemingways House. The ""Jardin des plantes"" with its museum and the Great Mosque of Paris with its pretty garden are nearby. Ten minutes from the Seine and the riverboats. Many bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. Ideal for shopping. Rental station for bicycles 50 meters. Please note that prices are fixed and non-negotiable !"	"Charming decorated apartment located in the most authentic and oldest district of Paris. Ideal starting point for visiting Paris. Close to Notre Dame cathedral, Pantheon, Sorbonne , Luxembourg Gardens, Hemingsways House. Nearby Metro line 7 and 10. Close to Notre Dame cathedral, Pantheon, Sorbonne , Luxembourg Gardens, Hemingways House. The ""Jardin des plantes"" with its museum and the Great Mosque of Paris with its pretty garden are nearby. Ten minutes from the Seine and the riverboats. Many bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. Ideal for shopping. Rental station for bicycles 50 meters. Please note that prices are fixed and non-negotiable ! The entire apartment is yours during your stay. However food and drinks are not included. Hemingways house @50 meters. Easily accessible from the airport. Close to Metro line 7  (Place Monge) and 10 (Cardinal Lemoine). From the airport, the apartment can be reached in 45 minutes by the RER B (Luxembourg Station).  Rental station for bicycles at "
21783	"In the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", next to Notre Dame Cathedral come to discover the best places on the capital, staying on a typical Parisien Apartment where each stone is filled on history. The Jussieu neighborhood was created in 1760, recognized as the botanical distinguished district, a few steps you can take advantage of the botanical garden and the Natural History Museum and stroll through this historic meeting. Nearby there you can visit some monuments such as the Pantheon, Sorbonne, Paris Mosque, Institut du Monde Arabe, stroll through the Arenes de Lutece or the streets of Saint Germain-des-pres, dinner on the side of ""La Tour D'Argent"" and end your evening at Paradis Latin. Nearby are the metro lines 7 and 10 and RER C (Gare d'Austerlitz) & A (Halles Châtelet & Gare de Lyon), allowing you to reach all the sights of the capital in less than 30 minutes (Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Montmartre, Opera, ...). The apartment is on the 5th floor of a quiet condominium, it consiste on"	"In the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", next to Notre Dame Cathedral come to discover the best places on the capital, staying on a typical Parisien Apartment where each stone is filled on history. The Jussieu neighborhood was created in 1760, recognized as the botanical distinguished district, a few steps you can take advantage of the botanical garden and the Natural History Museum and stroll through this historic meeting. Nearby there you can visit some monuments such as the Pantheon, Sorbonne, Paris Mosque, Institut du Monde Arabe, stroll through the Arenes de Lutece or the streets of Saint Germain-des-pres, dinner on the side of ""La Tour D'Argent"" and end your evening at Paradis Latin. Nearby are the metro lines 7 and 10 and RER C (Gare d'Austerlitz) & A (Halles Châtelet & Gare de Lyon), allowing you to reach all the sights of the capital in less than 30 minutes (Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Montmartre, Opera, ...). The apartment is on the 5th floor of a quiet condominium, it consiste on"
21784	"Dans la pièce principale, il y a un lit sofa pour 2 personnes. Cuisine équipée rénové et décoré en 2012 avec accès illimité à Internet.  L'apartement se situe dans un inmueble avec ascenseur, vous allez avoir à votre disposition linge et serviettes propre.  L'appartement à Paris est situé rue du Cardinal Lemoine. L'appartement est très proche de la rue Mouffetard, une des rues les plus pittoresques de Paris et située au coeur même du Quartier Latin. Le studio à louer est proche de La Sorbonne, Le Panthéon, il y a des restaurants et des cafés, des librairies, des cinémas, des théâtres et des marchés en plein air avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin. Les jardins du Luxembourg, les rives de la seine et la cathédrale de Notre Dame sont justes à quelques pas. Vous tomberez amoureux de cette zone, qui a été la maison de beaucoup de philosophes et auteurs (""A Moveable Feast"" de Hemingway est situé ici). il y a la ligne 10 de Metro CARDINAL LEMOINE et JUSSIE ligne 7 du Metro ainsi que le bus ET "	"'  En la sala principal, hay un sofá cama para 2 personas. Cocina reformada y decorada en 2012 con acceso ilimitado a Internet.  \ N \ n  L \ 'apartamento está situado en un inmueble con ascensor, tendrás a tu disposición y toallas de lino limpias.  \ N \ n  L \ 'apartamento en París está situado en la rue du Cardinal Lemoine. L \ 'apartamento está muy cerca de Rue Mouffetard, una de las calles más pintorescas de París y situado en el corazón del Barrio Latino. El estudio en alquiler está cerca de la Sorbona, el Panteón, hay restaurantes y cafés, librerías, cines, teatros y mercados callejeros con todo lo necesario. Los jardines de Luxemburgo, las orillas del Sena y la catedral de Notre Dame están a pocos pasos de distancia. Usted caerá en amor con esta área, que ha sido el hogar de muchos filósofos y escritores (\ ""París era una fiesta \"" Hemingway se encuentra aquí).  \ N \ n  existe la línea 10 de metro Cardinal Lemoine y Jussiê la línea 7 del metro y de autobuses y 47 le trae direc"
21785	Agréable Studio de 28m2 avec coin salon :canapé lit, table basse et fauteuil pouvant se transformée en table a manger (chaises a disposition). TV. Coin chambre avec lit double et dressing. Salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Petite kitchenette: frigo, deux plaques de cuissons. 	Très bel appartement situé en plein centre de Paris, au coeur du quartier latin à deux pas du Panthéon. Ligne de RER B et nombreux bus à proximité. Coin chambre avec lit double, coin salon avec canapé-lit et TV: idéal pour visiter Paris à deux!! Agréable Studio de 28m2 avec coin salon :canapé lit, table basse et fauteuil pouvant se transformée en table a manger (chaises a disposition). TV. Coin chambre avec lit double et dressing. Salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Petite kitchenette: frigo, deux plaques de cuissons.  Immeuble avec ascenseur. Possibilité de dormir à 4 (canapé-lit + lit double) Situé dans un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris: panthéon, jardin du Luxembourg, la Sorbonne, Montparnasse, Notre-dame de Paris, et plein de lieux et monuments accessibles a pied! Et pour les amateurs de la vie nocturne, situé a deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, a 15 minutes de saint-Michel. De plus l'appartement est confortable, il fait 28m carré et donne sur cour pour plus de calme! En RER B 
21786	En plein cœur de paris et du quartier Mouffetard. Appartement calme et lumineux	immeuble de standing appartement rénové 2 pièces 5ème étage double exposition lumineux vue sur les toits 32 m2 1 chambre lit double 1 salon banquette lit 1 personne 1 cuisine américaine 1 salle de bain douche WC séparé En plein cœur de paris et du quartier Mouffetard. Appartement calme et lumineux non fumeur à disposition ambiance village, nombreuse terrasse de café, universités, librairies, restaurants, musées 
21787		Appartement ancien de 130 m², au cœur du quartier latin (50 m du musée Cluny), au rez de chaussée d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Belle pièce de réception, 3 chambres, parquet & cheminées, état neuf. Lumineux et calme, quartier touristique et animé.
21788	Une proximité unique pour les endroits les plus touristiques de Paris.	Studio pouvant accueillir 2 personnes pour un séjour au centre de Paris. A 5 min à pieds des quais de Seine, vous êtes à proximité du jardin des plantes, de l'institut du Monde Arabe, de la place de la Bastille et de la cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris. Une proximité unique pour les endroits les plus touristiques de Paris. Les voyageurs auront accès à une connexion wifi gratuite et à une literie propre (draps + serviettes) Je souhaite rencontrer les voyageurs afin de leur fournir tous les éléments qu'ils auront besoin de savoir sur place. Si tout est déjà clair, Paris est à vous ! Je parle anglais pour nos amis du monde entier. Le quartier est animé et très agréable. Proche de tous commerces avec fermeture à minuit et de tous types de restaurants En venant de l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaule, il vous suffira de prendre le RER B jusqu'à Saint Michel Nôtre-Dame et de prendre le métro 10 jusqu'à Gare d'Austerlitz. Environ 1h de trajet
21789		Charmant 2 pièces situé en plein cœur du quartier Latin au premier étage avec ascenseur. En plein centre de Paris, il dispose de toutes les accommodations nécessaires pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour dans la capitale. Charming apartment in one of the most beautiful area of Paris. It has all the necessary accommodations to fully enjoy your stay in the capital.
21790	The studio-loft of 20m2, has the potential to accommodate 2 guests ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century, on the second floor of the building A, the first door on the Left near the window. The studio-Loft is Clean very luminous, with 3 Window overlooking the Rue Xavier Privas. As you can see on the pictures, you have a SOFA Convertible very Comfortable for 2 persons like a Real Bed, a coffee table, a tv, a dining-table, chairs, the open Kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and Shower. There is no Bedroom but a MEZZANINE above the dining area with 1 double mattress of quality. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams… The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If the place is available we could do an earlier check in from 10am. Or at least from 10am I could organize you to be helped by storing your luggage for a few hours…or storage your luggage after the	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain,  5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame de Paris... The studio-loft of 20m2, has the potential to accommodate 2 guests ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century, on the second floor of the building A, the first door on the Left near the window. The studio-Loft is Clean very luminous, with 3 Window overlooking the Rue Xavier Privas. As you can see on the pictures, you have a SOFA Convertible very Comfortable for 2 persons like a Real Bed, a coffee table, a tv, a dining-table, chairs, the open Kitchen with the basics, the bathroom with a wc and Shower. There is no Bedroom but a MEZZANINE above the dining area with 1 double mattress of quality. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams… The Check In is f
21791	Dans des tons roses et mauves, couronnez votre séjour de succès dans ce splendide studio affichant sans retenue sa modernité. L’univers coloré de cet appartement situé rue Monsieur Le Prince saura vous séduire. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu du 6ème arrondissement, séjournez dans un lieu rare et privilégié au cœur du quartier de Saint Germain des Prés.  D’une surface de 33 m2, Monsieur Le Prince s’ouvre sur une lumineuse pièce à vivre avec canapé convertible et espace nuit doté d’un lit double. Quatre locataires y trouveront confortablement leur place et auront à leur disposition une cuisine américaine toute équipée avec son bar pour se restaurer sur place. Une salle de douche moderne de type pluie tropicale complète ce bien. 	Imaginez passer un séjour dans le quartier atypique de Saint Germain des Prés dans ce splendide studio aclôve de 33 m2 pour 2 ou 4 personnes, Paris 6ème arrondissement. Dans des tons roses et mauves, couronnez votre séjour de succès dans ce splendide studio affichant sans retenue sa modernité. L’univers coloré de cet appartement situé rue Monsieur Le Prince saura vous séduire. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d’un immeuble cossu du 6ème arrondissement, séjournez dans un lieu rare et privilégié au cœur du quartier de Saint Germain des Prés.  D’une surface de 33 m2, Monsieur Le Prince s’ouvre sur une lumineuse pièce à vivre avec canapé convertible et espace nuit doté d’un lit double. Quatre locataires y trouveront confortablement leur place et auront à leur disposition une cuisine américaine toute équipée avec son bar pour se restaurer sur place. Une salle de douche moderne de type pluie tropicale complète ce bien. Ancienne résidence du Prince de Condé, roi de Navarre et fils d’Henri IV, qui 
21792	Quiet and cozy little duplex (33m2, 2 levels) « Rive Gauche » 100 meters far from Notre Dame and Saint Michel place : you can not be more downtown ! You have 2 Metro stations Cluny La Sorbonne (line 10) and Saint Michel (Line 4) also 100 meters far from the flat, both. It is located on the 6th Floor without Elevator, views of Saint Severin Church, Saint Jacques street and Boulevard Saint Germain ! The apt. faces South and gets all day sun until sunset.  I would be pleased to tell you my favorite places for shopping and having diner. APARTMENT DETAILS:  Internet available (WIFI and Ethernet cable). It has a queen size bed with clean sheets and a flat screen TV. There is an armoire for hanging and drawers for storage. I also have a Full Sized sofa bed I could set up for 2 additional guests. BATHROOM and TOILETS:  It has a bathtub, roof window view on sky, clean towels, shampoo, soap are provided and separated toilets room. KITCHEN:  Fully equipped kitchen w/ stove, oven, microwave. All p	Quiet and cozy little duplex (33m2, 2 levels) « Rive Gauche » 100 meters far from Notre Dame and Saint Michel place : you can not be more downtown ! You have 2 Metro stations Cluny La Sorbonne (line 10) and Saint Michel (Line 4) also 100 meters far from the flat, both. It is located on the 6th Floor without Elevator, views of Saint Severin Church, Saint Jacques street and Boulevard Saint Germain ! The apt. faces South and gets all day sun until sunset.  I would be pleased to tell you my favorite places for shopping and having diner. APARTMENT DETAILS:  Internet available (WIFI and Ethernet cable). It has a queen size bed with clean sheets and a flat screen TV. There is an armoire for hanging and drawers for storage. I also have a Full Sized sofa bed I could set up for 2 additional guests. BATHROOM and TOILETS:  It has a bathtub, roof window view on sky, clean towels, shampoo, soap are provided and separated toilets room. KITCHEN:  Fully equipped kitchen w/ stove, oven, microwave. All p
21793		My parisian cozy studio apartemt located in the 5th arrondissement, at the first floor in a central quiet and safe place, 5 minutes walking from Boulevard Saint Garmin. It comfortably fits two persons. The RER B metro located 5 mintues walking from the apartment. Enjoy the real Paris !:) Don't hesitate to ask me questions, you can ask me anything everytime, im right to your service. My street is quiet, but still if you walk 1-5 minutes (it depands which side of the street), yiu will get to the main street with a lot of good restaurants and shops. I love that i live in the center but i dont have the feeling that i live in the center in the bad way. In five minutes walking you will get to the metro station, where you can have the RER B, which is the metro to Charles De Gaulle airport and to all the big stations metro in paris. Also, you have 2 lines of busses in two minutes walking. If it needed, there is few pharmacies within walking distance, the one next to the metro open also on Sund
21794	L'appartement, au rez-de-chaussée est composé d'une petite entrée avec penderie, d'une cuisine équipée, de WC séparés; un première pièce salon-bureau; une chambre avec lit double et une salle de bain avec baignoire, le tout donnant sur une jolie cour arborée et très calme, dans un immeuble familial et sécurisé.	En plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, proche du Quarter Latin, vous adorerez ce joli deux pièces de 35m2 donnant sur une cour arborée, idéal pour un couple souhaitant se promener et visiter Paris en toute quiétude. L'appartement, au rez-de-chaussée est composé d'une petite entrée avec penderie, d'une cuisine équipée, de WC séparés; un première pièce salon-bureau; une chambre avec lit double et une salle de bain avec baignoire, le tout donnant sur une jolie cour arborée et très calme, dans un immeuble familial et sécurisé. En plein coeur du 5e, à côté des Arènes de Lutèce, du Jardin des Plantes et de la Seine, à 10min à pied du Panthéon, du Jardin du Luxembourg et du Quartier Latin. Proche des facultés, cinémas et musées, ce lieu est idéal pour visiter Paris ou pour travailler en bibliothèque. A deux pas des stations Jussieu (Ligne 10 ou 7), Place Monge (ligne 7), Censier Daubenton (ligne 7), Cardinal Lemoine (ligne10). A 15min à pied du RER B (Luxembourg). Accès fac
21795	Ce logement est pour moi un petit nid parisien, au dernier étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur).  Traversant et baigné de lumière toute la journée, il surplombe Paris du salon et de la chambre.	Juste au dessus de la place Saint Michel,  cet appartement de 35 m2 est parfait pour une immersion en plein coeur de Paris ! Vues imprenables sur la Seine, Notre-Dame et les toits de Paris. Accès direct RER et métro. Idéal pour un couple. Ce logement est pour moi un petit nid parisien, au dernier étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur).  Traversant et baigné de lumière toute la journée, il surplombe Paris du salon et de la chambre. logement entier Je serai disponible tout le long du séjour pour donner des conseils aux voyageurs. L'appartement se situe dans un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris. Placé idéalement au centre de la ville, il dessert très facilement les multiples attractions de la ville. Au pieds de l'appartement :  - Métro ligne 4 (station Saint-Michel)  - RER B & C (station Saint-Michel) (aéroport Charles de Gaulle / Orly)  - Bus ligne 24 - station de Vélib' - borne de taxi  A 5min à pieds, à Odéon   - Métro ligne 10 (station Odéon)  - Bus ligne 63 (gare de Lyon, gare d'a
21796		Bien agrèable appartement au 1er étage dans la cour d'un bâtiment ancien,bien entretenu,au calme. 2 belles pièces avec cheminées,dont une traversante, une cuisine indépendante et une salle de bain avec baignoire; les toilettes séparées. M° Luxembourg
21797	Un appartement totalement refait à neuf où vous sentirez comme chez vous au calme. L'espace de vie est composé d'une grande pièce de vie avec une cuisine américaine tout confort ouvrant sur un salon baigné de lumière. Grande chambre avec grand lit double très confortable. Espace de rangement et office room dans 1 petite pièce dédiée. Salle de douche avec machine à laver séparée. WC séparés.	Très calme et lumineux au 4ème étage, ascenseur. Refait à neuf, meublé avec goût, chambre avec grand lit double, salon + cuisine américaine tout confort, TV et Internet. Salle de douche et WC séparés. Un appartement totalement refait à neuf où vous sentirez comme chez vous au calme. L'espace de vie est composé d'une grande pièce de vie avec une cuisine américaine tout confort ouvrant sur un salon baigné de lumière. Grande chambre avec grand lit double très confortable. Espace de rangement et office room dans 1 petite pièce dédiée. Salle de douche avec machine à laver séparée. WC séparés. Pas d'équipements partagés. Pas de restrictions ou interdictions de jouissance. Nous n'habitons pas sur place mais vous remettrons les clés à votre arrivée. Proche du quartier latin, à 2 pas du jardin des plantes et de la mosquée le quartier mélange le charme de la promenande au calme et de la vie festive du quartier Mouffetard voisin. Multiples commerces de bouche (fromager, poissonier, boucher, supér
21798	The style of the apartment is uncluttered, modern and sophisticated. There is almost no partition wall, but the privacy is still respected.  When you enter, you fall directly on the living room, open on the kitchen. Upstairs, on the mezzanine, is the room and the open bathroom. In addition to the double bed of the room, there is a sofa bed that can host two people, in the living room. Everything is very functional, and the apartment is fully equipped.  	This apartment will allow you to stay in Paris and to feel like you are in a village. It is located at the very end of a closed area with beautiful houses and gardens. Decorated with taste, it is perfect for a couple with children.  The style of the apartment is uncluttered, modern and sophisticated. There is almost no partition wall, but the privacy is still respected.  When you enter, you fall directly on the living room, open on the kitchen. Upstairs, on the mezzanine, is the room and the open bathroom. In addition to the double bed of the room, there is a sofa bed that can host two people, in the living room. Everything is very functional, and the apartment is fully equipped.   The apartment is yours ! We want you to feel like if you were home. Please let us know what we can do for that to happen. We have somebody who can handle any issue you could have during your stay. He will also welcome you and show you everything in the apartment. The neighborhood is perfect : the immediate a
21799	This is a typical Parisian 1 bedroom apartment, with a large, bright bedroom, a charming living room, an all-equiped kitchen (blender, rice cooker, washing machine, oven...), a small but very nice bathroom (small bathtub) and separated toilet. Hard-wood floors, molding on the ceiling, old fireplace in the bedroom, very large windows that let a lot of light in. The apartment is located on the 4th floor (no elevator!) of a 19th century building, in a very quiet street a few meters away from Place Monge, and 3 minutes away from well-known and typically parisian Rue Mouffetard. The neighborhood is typically Parisian but not too touristy, and you are still five minutes away from the wonderful Jardin des Plantes, 10-minutes away from Le Panthéon and Notre Dame, 15 minutes away from Saint Germain.  A minute away from subway station Place Monge (line 7) and bus line 47. 5-minutes away from station Cardinal Lemoine (Line 10) and bus lines 89 and 67. There is also a taxi station on the Place Mon	This is a typical Parisian 1 bedroom apartment, with a large, bright bedroom, a charming living room, an all-equiped kitchen (blender, rice cooker, washing machine, oven...), a small but very nice bathroom (small bathtub) and separated toilet. Hard-wood floors, molding on the ceiling, old fireplace in the bedroom, very large windows that let a lot of light in. The apartment is located on the 4th floor (no elevator!) of a 19th century building, in a very quiet street a few meters away from Place Monge, and 3 minutes away from well-known and typically parisian Rue Mouffetard. The neighborhood is typically Parisian but not too touristy, and you are still five minutes away from the wonderful Jardin des Plantes, 10-minutes away from Le Panthéon and Notre Dame, 15 minutes away from Saint Germain.  A minute away from subway station Place Monge (line 7) and bus line 47. 5-minutes away from station Cardinal Lemoine (Line 10) and bus lines 89 and 67. There is also a taxi station on the Place Mon
21800	Place is perfect Parisian style with fireplace and parquet. Its a second floor flat with a long balcony so you can use the BBQ and the Boulevard Saint Germain	In the heart of Paris, less than 100m from Notre Dame,  our appartment is Michel. Metro is 5 mn and bus just downstair.  Very cosy  apartment with 2 bedrooms. Living, kitchen a Place is perfect Parisian style with fireplace and parquet. Its a second floor flat with a long balcony so you can use the BBQ and the Boulevard Saint Germain Cross the bridge to appreciate famous Icecream from Berthillon, then walk 5mn to be in front of Notre Dame. Later have a drink in Luxembourg Garden then find a nice restaurant in Saint Germain, best place in Paris and real parisian. You'll get a dry cocktail at Bar du Marché.. From our place see the Pantheon and have a raclette in Mouffetard. Everything is less than 10mn walking from our comfortable place Boat Bus, Taxi, Metro, Public Bike station, everything just downstair. Metro Station : Jussieu, Sully Morland. Get Citymapper App and check
21801	100m² / 1076.4ft² 2 Bedroom Flat with a terrace near Notre Dame of Paris.  35m² / 377ft² living room with a large bay window on the 25m² / 269ft² terrace equipped with : - 2 sofas, - 1 low table, - 1 cable TV, - 1 stereo, - 1 armchair. One 17m² / 183ft² Bedroom with :  - 1 double-glazed window, - 2 single beds, - 2 bedside tables. One 17m² / 183ft² Bedroom with : - 1 double-glazed window, - 1 king-size bed, - 2 bedside tables. One 4 m² / 43ft² Bathroom, equipped with 1 sink and 1 bathtub. One 3 m² / 33ft², equipped with 1 sink and 1 shower.  The 20m² / 215.28ft² kitchen is equipped with : - 1 dining room table with 4 chairs,  - 1 bar with 4 chairs,  - 1 fridge,  - 1 freezer,  - 1 dishwasher,  - ceramic hobs,  - 1 oven,  - 1 microwave,  - 1 washing machine,  - 1 drying machine  - 1 coffee maker,  - 1 kettle,  - 1 toaster, etc. This flat also has unlimited high-speed Internet access.  All sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils are also provided.	Stunning Duplex, 280 metres away from the breathtaking Cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris.  On the last floor of a typical small Parisian building, this flat has a 25m² / 269.10ft² terrace with a stunning view of Notre-Dame de Paris.  100m² / 1076.4ft² 2 Bedroom Flat with a terrace near Notre Dame of Paris.  35m² / 377ft² living room with a large bay window on the 25m² / 269ft² terrace equipped with : - 2 sofas, - 1 low table, - 1 cable TV, - 1 stereo, - 1 armchair. One 17m² / 183ft² Bedroom with :  - 1 double-glazed window, - 2 single beds, - 2 bedside tables. One 17m² / 183ft² Bedroom with : - 1 double-glazed window, - 1 king-size bed, - 2 bedside tables. One 4 m² / 43ft² Bathroom, equipped with 1 sink and 1 bathtub. One 3 m² / 33ft², equipped with 1 sink and 1 shower.  The 20m² / 215.28ft² kitchen is equipped with : - 1 dining room table with 4 chairs,  - 1 bar with 4 chairs,  - 1 fridge,  - 1 freezer,  - 1 dishwasher,  - ceramic hobs,  - 1 oven,  - 1 microwave,  - 1 washing machine, 
21802	Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, direct access from CDG Airport and Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Gare Montparnasse; First floor without elevator, 40 m2 for a relaxing stay.	Exceptional location for this apartment of 40 m2 for 1-4 people a few meters from the Notre Dame, Bridge Tournelle, Maubert Mutuality. On the first floor,  2 doubles sleeps, bathroom and little kitchen Welcome in the heart of Paris Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, direct access from CDG Airport and Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, Gare Montparnasse; First floor without elevator, 40 m2 for a relaxing stay. Travelers have access to the entire apartment, hot water and WiFi, Bed linen and towels are provided We prepare your arrival in all the details and the keys are delivered on site. Ability to book a taxi from the airport or a personalized tour of Paris La Cathédrale Notre Dame, L'île de la Cité, L'île Saint Louis; Le quartier latin, avec la place Saint Michel et sa Fontaîne; Tout le coeur médiéval de Paris Direct form CDG airport with RER line B and C. Station : ST Michel Direct from Gare du Nord, Gare de L'Est and Gare Montparnasse with the metro line 4. Station : Saint Michel 
21803	In the 5th arrondissement, the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A few steps from Notre Dame De Paris, Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens within 5 minutes.  Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris on foot, nearby. A nice apartment of 45m2, renovated, quiet, in a beautiful Parisian building, with 4 beds (Brand new bed from July 2015) There is a private Room with parquet flooring, wardrobe, there are a big bed (for 2 persons), and a little bed (for 1 person). You can close the room with a key; There is living room with a big and comfortable Sofa bed (King Size), and a little bed too. There is a table for lunch or dining. And a kitchen (hob, a NESPRESSO machine , fridge, microwave, oven, ect ... ), and then a beautiful and modern bathroom with walk-in shower. All Included: Towels, sheets, pillows, Coverlet, linens, washed and ironed. There is a washer, if you want to wash your clothes... For the check in and Check out, it's very easy, and everything will be explained on 	"HEART OF PARIS The apartment is in the ideal location, on the famous street ""rue des écoles"" (La Sorbonne), the best place for visit all the monuments and the most beautiful places in paris walk. You will be in the heart of the Latin Quarter. In the 5th arrondissement, the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A few steps from Notre Dame De Paris, Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens within 5 minutes.  Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris on foot, nearby. A nice apartment of 45m2, renovated, quiet, in a beautiful Parisian building, with 4 beds (Brand new bed from July 2015) There is a private Room with parquet flooring, wardrobe, there are a big bed (for 2 persons), and a little bed (for 1 person). You can close the room with a key; There is living room with a big and comfortable Sofa bed (King Size), and a little bed too. There is a table for lunch or dining. And a kitchen (hob, a NESPRESSO machine , fridge, microwave, oven, ect ... ), and then a beautiful and modern ba"
21804	Located in a one way street with little trafic. The sun comes in until 3pm, thus warming up nicely the studio during the morning and leaving it cool and fresh in the evening (always nice after a sunny and hot day). Toilets and bathroom are separated. Plus there's a bathtub to relax in after a day of walking around. A 2 size bed, plus a sofa that you can transform into a 2 size bed as well. A small but functional kitchen with a dishwasher and a laundry machine. I like the opening from the kitchen to the bed. You can easily get some hot tea, coffee or chocolate while still in bed	A functional studio in the heart of Paris, in the latin district. A quiet and cozy place where you will live an authentic Parisian experience in one of the most vivid area of Paris. Located in a one way street with little trafic. The sun comes in until 3pm, thus warming up nicely the studio during the morning and leaving it cool and fresh in the evening (always nice after a sunny and hot day). Toilets and bathroom are separated. Plus there's a bathtub to relax in after a day of walking around. A 2 size bed, plus a sofa that you can transform into a 2 size bed as well. A small but functional kitchen with a dishwasher and a laundry machine. I like the opening from the kitchen to the bed. You can easily get some hot tea, coffee or chocolate while still in bed You'll have access to whole studio just like if you were at home. Access to the studio can be done taking the RER B (stop at Port-Royal) and then the bus 91 for 2 bus stops. If I can, I will come and greet you at the RER stop. You ca
21805	Close to Luxembourg gardens, a great apartment, quiet in a courtyard. The apartment has just been fully and very well refurbished by an architect.  A living room with an american kitchen, two bedrooms ( one with a queensize bed, the other with twin beds) a bathroom, and separate toilets. A great place for a couple or a family.	On the 2nd floor with elevator, this apartment features a fully equipped kitchen, a large living, a nice bathroom (separated toilet), and two bedrooms( a queensize bed / two single beds 90*190cm). Ideal location just in front of Luxembourg gardens Close to Luxembourg gardens, a great apartment, quiet in a courtyard. The apartment has just been fully and very well refurbished by an architect.  A living room with an american kitchen, two bedrooms ( one with a queensize bed, the other with twin beds) a bathroom, and separate toilets. A great place for a couple or a family. Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay A residential district  in the upper part of the Boulevard saint-Michel. Close to Luxembourg ga
21806		Located in the Quartier Latin and on the first floor, this nice little studio is not far from the boulevard Saint-Michel and the Jardin du Luxembourg, lovely and central places in Paris.
21807	English: This charming studio is ideally located in the heart of the bustling Latin Quarter. In addition to being very close to shopping , restaurants, grocery stores, bookstores and bars, the studio is located 2min from the Pantheon, 5min from Le Jardin du Luxembourg and just 10 minutes from Notre Dame de Paris . The studio is part of a listed building in the city , because of its rich history (former college founded in 1671 ) and offers a unique setting for all travelers. This is a property of 20m2 with parquet floors and exposed beams on last floor (fourth) with a lift. The studio offers a pleasant view of the Pantheon. The accommodation is very well equipped, namely a comfy sofa bed for two people, a fridge with curling , cooking plates , oven, washing machine, a printer, a high speed internet connection (fibre) , and a speaker dock iPhone so that you can listen to your music or radio. All necessary dishes (up 6personnes) , full bedding and a bathroom with shower, bath and toilet. 	Ce charmant studio est situé en plein coeur du très dynamique Quartier Latin, celui-ci qui regorge d'artisans, de bars, de restaurants, d'épicerie et de librairie.  L'appartement est situé à 2min à pied du Panthéon, 10min de Notre Dame.  English: This charming studio is ideally located in the heart of the bustling Latin Quarter. In addition to being very close to shopping , restaurants, grocery stores, bookstores and bars, the studio is located 2min from the Pantheon, 5min from Le Jardin du Luxembourg and just 10 minutes from Notre Dame de Paris . The studio is part of a listed building in the city , because of its rich history (former college founded in 1671 ) and offers a unique setting for all travelers. This is a property of 20m2 with parquet floors and exposed beams on last floor (fourth) with a lift. The studio offers a pleasant view of the Pantheon. The accommodation is very well equipped, namely a comfy sofa bed for two people, a fridge with curling , cooking plates , oven, was
21808		A louer : (neuf) Chambre privée (verrou et clé)  LA CHAMBRE : 23m2, plein sud, grand lit, très lumineuse avec 2 fenêtres et volets roulants, poutres apparentes. Accès privatisé à une grande salle de bain, sol en marbre, douche et baignoire
21809	Charming apartment in the centre of Paris, two streets from the  picturesque rue Mouffetard, right in the middle of the Quartier Latin, Rive gauche. Peaceful, light-filled apartment with view of a beautiful garden in the central courtyard. Situated in a lively, interesting neighbourhood with open-air markets, shops, and a multitude of restaurants and cafés. On the second floor with an elevator in a quiet 'Haussmann' building with old-fashioned style and hardwood floors. The bedroom is very quiet and sunny and has a double bed. Living room has a pull-out couch for two. Flat screen television with free internet. Renovated and spacious eat-in kitchen with refrigerator, oven and cooking surface, microwave and dishwasher.   Bathroom with bathtub, sink and washing machine. Separate toilet. For your convenience we provide all bedding and towels. Easy access to all public transportation such as buses, underground, RER, and Vélib/Autolib' city bicycles/cars for rent by the hour/day. Very close 	Charming apartment in the centre of Paris, two streets from the  picturesque rue Mouffetard, right in the middle of the Quartier Latin, Rive gauche. Peaceful, light-filled apartment with view of a beautiful garden in the central courtyard. Situated in a lively, interesting neighbourhood with open-air markets, shops, and a multitude of restaurants and cafés. On the second floor with an elevator in a quiet 'Haussmann' building with old-fashioned style and hardwood floors. The bedroom is very quiet and sunny and has a double bed. Living room has a pull-out couch for two. Flat screen television with free internet. Renovated and spacious eat-in kitchen with refrigerator, oven and cooking surface, microwave and dishwasher.   Bathroom with bathtub, sink and washing machine. Separate toilet. For your convenience we provide all bedding and towels. Easy access to all public transportation such as buses, underground, RER, and Vélib/Autolib' city bicycles/cars for rent by the hour/day. Very close 
21810		Half way between Montparnasse and Quartier Latin, with Jardin du Luxembourg across the street, the appartment is situed in a quiet zone with the essential services. Fully equiped and nicely furnished, it can accomodate a couple or two.
21811	Bedroom with a double bed and big living room with a sofa bed for two + extra single bed. 	"Nice sunny appartment with a big living/dining room with a balcony, and a quiet bedroom. Two minutes walk from the Mouffetard street market, ten minutes walk from Panthéon and Jardin du Luxembourg.  Direct transportation to station and airport. Bedroom with a double bed and big living room with a sofa bed for two + extra single bed. Nice neighbourhood, 2 minutes walk from typical Parisian street ""rue Mouffetard"" with everyday market (except on Mondays) and many cafés and restaurants.  On the street: two bakeries, a grocer's shop, a wine shop and a typical French delicatessen. 10 minutes walk from Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon and Jardin des Plantes.  5 minutes walk from the metro (line 7 at Censier-Daubenton). In the street, the bus 91 takes you directly to Austerlitz (10 minutes), Lyon (15 minutes) and Montparnasse (15 minutes) stations. 5 minutes walk from the appartment, the RER b takes you directly to Orly and Charles de Gaulle Airports."
21812	The entrance of this 35 (website hidden) apartment opens up directly onto a bright living area, fitted with a beautiful parquet floor dating back to when the building was originally built. Immediately to the left there is a small cupboard with two doors, ideal for coats, while the left wall is entirely occupied by a white wooden piece of furniture that includes a large double wardrobe with a shoe rack and a sofa in red velvet and other two doors with shelves. Behind the sofa is a hidden double bed (140cm) which can easily be used if needed. The dining area consists of an extensible glass table with 4 Philippe Stark chairs and a TV with DVD player. On the right wall, in addition to two windows, there is a small but highly functional kitchenette, complete with a stone counter.  On the other wall, a door gives access to the bedroom, which includes a very large wardrobe, a double bed (140cm) covered with red leather, a designer red floor lamp and a television. The headboard is made of ceme	Lovely one bedroom apartment for rent in Paris, renovated in 2011 and located on the sixth floor of a stately building dating back to the '20s (with elevator) in the 5th arrondissement, in one of the most gourmand areas of the city. The entrance of this 35 (website hidden) apartment opens up directly onto a bright living area, fitted with a beautiful parquet floor dating back to when the building was originally built. Immediately to the left there is a small cupboard with two doors, ideal for coats, while the left wall is entirely occupied by a white wooden piece of furniture that includes a large double wardrobe with a shoe rack and a sofa in red velvet and other two doors with shelves. Behind the sofa is a hidden double bed (140cm) which can easily be used if needed. The dining area consists of an extensible glass table with 4 Philippe Stark chairs and a TV with DVD player. On the right wall, in addition to two windows, there is a small but highly functional kitchenette, complete wit
21813	En plein cœur de Paris, idéalement situé entre les quartiers de Montparnasse, Mouffetard, et la Sorbonne,  boulevard St-Michel, entre les stations RER Luxembourg et Port-Royal, appartement ancien de charme de 72m² au 3ième étage avec ascenseur, très clair et calme,  parquets, moulures, cheminées. Tous modes de transport : Bus (phone number hidden) et 82. RER B et taxis. Commerçants, restaurants et cinémas.   A proximité immédiate des jardins de l'Observatoire, du Luxembourg, et des musées : du Sénat, du Panthéon, de Cluny, de la Fondation Cartier, des quais de la Seine avec leurs bouquinistes, la Fontaine Saint Michel du Quartier Latin, la Contrescarpe, l'Eglise du Val de Grâce, etc.... Un séjour de 35m² avec un canapé  convertible deux places, un piano droit, télévision, et accès WIFI. Une chambre de 16m² avec un  lit de 140, une baignoire, un grand lavabo et une penderie. Une petite salle d'eau attenante au séjour avec une douche, un lavabo et une machine à laver.  Une cuisine  tout 	En plein cœur de Paris, idéalement situé entre les quartiers de Montparnasse, Mouffetard, et la Sorbonne,  boulevard St-Michel, entre les stations RER Luxembourg et Port-Royal, appartement ancien de charme de 72m² au 3ième étage avec ascenseur, très clair et calme,  parquets, moulures, cheminées. Tous modes de transport : Bus (phone number hidden) et 82. RER B et taxis. Commerçants, restaurants et cinémas.   A proximité immédiate des jardins de l'Observatoire, du Luxembourg, et des musées : du Sénat, du Panthéon, de Cluny, de la Fondation Cartier, des quais de la Seine avec leurs bouquinistes, la Fontaine Saint Michel du Quartier Latin, la Contrescarpe, l'Eglise du Val de Grâce, etc.... Un séjour de 35m² avec un canapé  convertible deux places, un piano droit, télévision, et accès WIFI. Une chambre de 16m² avec un  lit de 140, une baignoire, un grand lavabo et une penderie. Une petite salle d'eau attenante au séjour avec une douche, un lavabo et une machine à laver.  Une cuisine  tout 
21814	Il est idéal pour un couple et 2 enfants. Il y a un lit double et 2 lits simples. Il n'y a a pas de chambre séparée, c'est un grand studio de 42m2. 	Grand studio de charme aux poutres apparentes dans un immeuble du 17ème siècle dans une rue très calme. Il est idéalement situé dans le quartier historique de paris, proche des transports et des monuments visiter (Panthéon, Notre Dame).        Il est idéal pour un couple et 2 enfants. Il y a un lit double et 2 lits simples. Il n'y a a pas de chambre séparée, c'est un grand studio de 42m2. N'étant jamais la les weekends, vous serez reçu par une amie à moi, Solène ou alors Lucas mon cousin. Située juste derrière Saint Michel, La place Maubert est un quartier très vivant ou fourmille des commerces, des restaurants français ou du monde (végétarien, vietnamien, japonais, chinois, libanais, italien, marocain...). La rue Frédéric Sauton donne sur la Seine et la rosace imposante de Notre Dame. De l'autre coté du boulevard saint germain et à quelque minutes de la rue Mouffetard vous accédez au panthéon et au jardin du Luxembourg. Metro Maubert mutualité ligne 10  Métro Saint michel RER B Saint-
21815	One bedroom with double bed, and convertible sofa in the livingroom for two persons. Kitchen fully equiped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, coffee machine, and washing machine. Table for 2 persons. Bathroom : shower, toilets, large mirror, towels, hairdryer, soap. Living room : convertible sofa, dining table for 4 persons, TV 42'', dvd/bluray player, internet and wifi. Bedroom : double bed, two large wardrobes, coat-hangers, iron. First floor with elevator.	    Lovely apartment in Latin quarter, 2 min walk from Mouffetard Street. Typical old building, parquet floor and fireplace. Quarter : Mouffetard, Monge, Saint Michel, Jardin des Plantes. Metro, bus, RER. Enjoy low price for first days of rent.    One bedroom with double bed, and convertible sofa in the livingroom for two persons. Kitchen fully equiped : fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, coffee machine, and washing machine. Table for 2 persons. Bathroom : shower, toilets, large mirror, towels, hairdryer, soap. Living room : convertible sofa, dining table for 4 persons, TV 42'', dvd/bluray player, internet and wifi. Bedroom : double bed, two large wardrobes, coat-hangers, iron. First floor with elevator. Latin quarter, ideal to visit Paris. Typical old quarter : cobbled streets, bakeries, Mouffetard market. Close to bars / restaurants. Mouffetard Street, Place Monge, Jardin des Plantes, Saint Michel, Luxembourg, Panthéon, Gobelins. Metro / Subway : station Censier Daubenton,  line 7. Bu
21816	The 20 square meters living room has 2 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: dining table for 4 people, single bed, coffee table, TV, chest of drawers, hard wood floor. The 4 square meters open kitchen is equipped with: a bar with 2 bar stools, fridge, ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washer, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, tiled floor. The 9 square meters bedroom has 2 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: 2 single beds, 2 bedside tables, chest of drawers, armchair, hard wood floor. The 3 square meters bathroom is equipped with: washbasin, bathtub with showerhead, tiled floor, 1 separated toilet in the apartment. The 5 square meters extra room is the corridor that leads to the living room. it is equipped with a built in wall closet.	charming 43 square meters, 1 Bedroom, apartment is located rue de la Huchette in the 5th arrondissement, on the 4 th floor of a 18th century building and it sleeps 2 people. Apartment  equipped with: washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. The 20 square meters living room has 2 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: dining table for 4 people, single bed, coffee table, TV, chest of drawers, hard wood floor. The 4 square meters open kitchen is equipped with: a bar with 2 bar stools, fridge, ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washer, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, tiled floor. The 9 square meters bedroom has 2 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: 2 single beds, 2 bedside tables, chest of drawers, armchair, hard wood floor. The 3 square meters bathroom is equipped with: washbasin, bathtub with showerhead, tiled floor, 1 separated toilet in the apartment. The 5 square meters extra room is the corridor that leads to the living room. it is equipped with a bu
21817		Studio de 21m2, poutres au plafond et murs en pierres. Rue calme, très proche RER port royal.  IDÉAL POUR COUPLE !  Canapé-lit en cuir rouge, télévision, mini cuisine (four-micro-onde, plaques de cuissons), et petite salle de bain.  Fumeurs acceptés
21818	"Apartment on the 2nd floor (no elevator) located between Port Royal (RER is 10 mins away while bus stop is 1 min away) and Mouffetard (5min), also 12 mins away from the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Panthéon. The appartment is 27 mq. The bed has two places, 2 meters by 1.2 meters. There are three windows however the views are quite limited. The bathroom contains a shower, there is a small kitchen (with fridge etc).  The Apartment is provided with internet (optic fiber) Wi-Fi, there is no TV, there is a computer. French , brazilian, italian and japanese restaurants nearby.  Transport:  Métro Les Gobelins and Cendier Daubenton (Line 7)  RER stop is ""Port-Royal"" (Line B) - direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport - Roissy  Bus' stop is: ""Port-Royal Berthollet"" just in front of the building. (Lines 21, 83, 91). I'll gladly answer any question. Hope you can make the best use of it !"	"Apartment on the 2nd floor (no elevator) located between Port Royal (RER is 10 mins away while bus stop is 1 min away) and Mouffetard (5min), also 12 mins away from the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Panthéon. The appartment is 27 mq. The bed has two places, 2 meters by 1.2 meters. There are three windows however the views are quite limited. The bathroom contains a shower, there is a small kitchen (with fridge etc).  The Apartment is provided with internet (optic fiber) Wi-Fi, there is no TV, there is a computer. French , brazilian, italian and japanese restaurants nearby.  Transport:  Métro Les Gobelins and Cendier Daubenton (Line 7)  RER stop is ""Port-Royal"" (Line B) - direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport - Roissy  Bus' stop is: ""Port-Royal Berthollet"" just in front of the building. (Lines 21, 83, 91). I'll gladly answer any question. Hope you can make the best use of it !"
21819	Superb bright and spacious apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter.Comfortable, spacious and clean! BETWEEN LOVELY LUXEMBOURG GARDENS & RUE MOUFFETARD~DAZZLING 3 BEDROOM/2.5 BATH FAMILY APARTMENT IN THE LUXEMBOURG DISTRICT~SLEEPS 9! With a very high ceiling, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a large kitchen, this apartment will delight fans of space. The dining room is lit by a beautiful bow-window. The owner, an amateur photographer, has decorated the rooms with beautiful photos.This apartment can accommodate up to 9 people. It is perfect for a large family or friends traveling together to the heart of Paris, while keeping their privacy. Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. DETAILS: Size : 144 m² Floor : 2 Elevator : With an elevator Max. Guests : 9 Bedrooms : 3 Bathrooms : 2 Sights close by :  Panthéon - 638 m  La tour Montparnasse - 1367 m  Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Quartier Latin - 1427 m  District : Luxembourg  Metro 	Superb bright and spacious apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter.Comfortable, spacious and clean! BETWEEN LOVELY LUXEMBOURG GARDENS & RUE MOUFFETARD~DAZZLING 3 BEDROOM/2.5 BATH FAMILY APARTMENT IN THE LUXEMBOURG DISTRICT~SLEEPS 9! With a very high ceiling, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a large kitchen, this apartment will delight fans of space. The dining room is lit by a beautiful bow-window. The owner, an amateur photographer, has decorated the rooms with beautiful photos.This apartment can accommodate up to 9 people. It is perfect for a large family or friends traveling together to the heart of Paris, while keeping their privacy. Linens, towels and professional cleaning, before and after your stay, are all included in the rent. DETAILS: Size : 144 m² Floor : 2 Elevator : With an elevator Max. Guests : 9 Bedrooms : 3 Bathrooms : 2 Sights close by :  Panthéon - 638 m  La tour Montparnasse - 1367 m  Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Quartier Latin - 1427 m  District : Luxembourg  Metro 
21820		Une chambre de 15m2 dans un appartement au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble situé dans une cour en plein centre de Paris. Calme. Appartement de 3 chambres, mais personne est la au mois d'août. Plan en or. Jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, r Mouffetard
21821	The place is perfect if you plan to stay couple of days in Paris. Well located, easy access. Closed from the Pantheon, Luxembourg garden, Quartier Latin, Saint Michel, Montparnasse...	It's a charming duplex studio, located in the fifth, on Saint Jacques one of the oldest Paris street. Good spot. easy access from the airport. Close from Historical venues. Center of Paris. Perfect for a couple. The place is perfect if you plan to stay couple of days in Paris. Well located, easy access. Closed from the Pantheon, Luxembourg garden, Quartier Latin, Saint Michel, Montparnasse... You will get access to the entire flat as it's yours I will give them the keys, show them how stuffs work, give them some tips if they want it. The neighborhood is a bit sensitive so NO party Hard in the studio. RER B Port Royal. Straight from airports! Buses : (phone number hidden)
21822	This nice and sunny (website hidden) apartment opens onto a foyer which doubles as a dining corner, with its table with 4 chairs, and is fitted with a convenient built in closet. To the right, a door leads into the white-washed separate kitchen, with its spacious counter tops and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher and microwave oven, and including a nice window overlooking the inner court. A door facing the entrance opens onto the living room, which presents a double sofa bed (140cm wide), a coffee table, armchair, bookcase with stereo, and a small writing desk, ideal for working on. to the far end of the living room is the entrance to the bedroom, with its large closet, chest of drawers, TV, and double bed (160cm wide). From here one directly accesses the en-suite bathroom, in pale blue tiling and fitted with a bathtub with overhead shower, a washbasin, a bidet and a toilet.	Lovely 1 bedroom apt with separate kitchen, living room, double bedroom and en suite bathroom, located on the 4th floor of a building (with elevator) dating back the 20’s in the 5th district by Rue Mouffetard, within a few steps from the Pantheon. This nice and sunny (website hidden) apartment opens onto a foyer which doubles as a dining corner, with its table with 4 chairs, and is fitted with a convenient built in closet. To the right, a door leads into the white-washed separate kitchen, with its spacious counter tops and complete with all necessities including a dishwasher and microwave oven, and including a nice window overlooking the inner court. A door facing the entrance opens onto the living room, which presents a double sofa bed (140cm wide), a coffee table, armchair, bookcase with stereo, and a small writing desk, ideal for working on. to the far end of the living room is the entrance to the bedroom, with its large closet, chest of drawers, TV, and double bed (160cm wide). Fro
21823	The apt is located in the heart of the city.  The Apt has an elevator! Which is a rare in paris! Walking distance to: Rue Mouffetard Pantheon Jardin de Luxembourg Saint Michel Jardin de Plantes	Hello  Travellers, The apt is a spacious one bedroom apt in the heart of paris located in the the 5th arrondissement. The bedroom has a big double bed and in the living room the sofa becomes a big double bed. If you have any questions don't hesitate The apt is located in the heart of the city.  The Apt has an elevator! Which is a rare in paris! Walking distance to: Rue Mouffetard Pantheon Jardin de Luxembourg Saint Michel Jardin de Plantes Walking distance to: Rue Mouffetard Pantheon Jardin de Luxembourg Saint Michel Saint germain des pres Jardin de Plantes Yes both the metro line 7 or the rer b Stop: Luxembourg or Port Royal There are also many buses next to the apt! 
21824	The apartment is located on 6th floor with a lift.  There are two rooms : 1 bedroom and 1 living room with a small kitchenette, dishwasher and washing machine. There is a small shower room with a toilet macerator;  another classic toilet outsite the apartment on the same floor for exclusive use of the apartment is also available. Right in the Latin Quarter, two steps away from the Rue Mouffetard, a lively area with many shops opened even on Sundays and restaurants of all price ranges. The apartment is ideal for 2 people, but possible for 3 or 4 : there is a double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed in the living room kitchenette which could suit a family with children for instance. A baby cot is also available.  The area is very well served by bus, metro (Censier Daubenton is the closest metro) and RER (Port Royal). The apartment is on the top and 6th floor, it is therefore very bright and quiet.	The apartment is located on 6th floor with a lift.  There are two rooms : 1 bedroom and 1 living room with a small kitchenette, dishwasher and washing machine. There is a small shower room with a toilet macerator;  another classic toilet outsite the apartment on the same floor for exclusive use of the apartment is also available. Right in the Latin Quarter, two steps away from the Rue Mouffetard, a lively area with many shops opened even on Sundays and restaurants of all price ranges. The apartment is ideal for 2 people, but possible for 3 or 4 : there is a double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed in the living room kitchenette which could suit a family with children for instance. A baby cot is also available.  The area is very well served by bus, metro (Censier Daubenton is the closest metro) and RER (Port Royal). The apartment is on the top and 6th floor, it is therefore very bright and quiet.
21825	This beautiful apartment gifted with a classical style can accommodate up to six people. It is spacious, bright and perfectly equipped. It is located in the heart of the Gobelins, an easily accessible neighborhood filled with places to visit. This is a beautiful dressed stoned building. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator, double-oriented mainly overlooking the street and another part overlooking the courtyard. With a classic style, this apartment is structured around a large and comfortable family room and a dining room with a table for 6 place settings. The room is batched with light thanks to its 3 windows. On the left, there are the bathroom with a bathtub, a washing machine and the separated WC. There is also a bright bedroom with a 160 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The other side of the apartment is made up of an equipped kitchen overlooking the courtyard, a high table and a dishwasher. Adjoining to the kitchen, there are 2 carpeted bedrooms: the 1st has a 	This beautiful apartment gifted with a classical style can accommodate up to six people. It is spacious, bright and perfectly equipped. It is located in the heart of the Gobelins, an easily accessible neighborhood filled with places to visit. This is a beautiful dressed stoned building. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator, double-oriented mainly overlooking the street and another part overlooking the courtyard. With a classic style, this apartment is structured around a large and comfortable family room and a dining room with a table for 6 place settings. The room is batched with light thanks to its 3 windows. On the left, there are the bathroom with a bathtub, a washing machine and the separated WC. There is also a bright bedroom with a 160 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The other side of the apartment is made up of an equipped kitchen overlooking the courtyard, a high table and a dishwasher. Adjoining to the kitchen, there are 2 carpeted bedrooms: the 1st has a 
21826		Dans un bel et grand appartement de 120m2 sur 2 étages en plein quartier latin, vous trouverez 3 chambres, une bibliothèque, un grand salon, une cuisine américaine et salle à manger, une salle de bain. Cet appartement est idéal en famille ou amis
21827	Charming One bedroom face Luxembourg Gardens, prestigious adress Boulevard Saint Michel, fully equipped and furnished. Separate bedroom. FREE WIFI, FREE international phone, AIR COND, 3 rd floor with elevator, TV english channels. 	Superbe Haussmann Apartment located in front of the Luxembourg Gardens, heart of Latin Quarter, Eiffel Tower view, all furnished and equipped, one bedroom, 4 people, A/C, 3rd floor with elevator and concierge.  Charming One bedroom face Luxembourg Gardens, prestigious adress Boulevard Saint Michel, fully equipped and furnished. Separate bedroom. FREE WIFI, FREE international phone, AIR COND, 3 rd floor with elevator, TV english channels.  RER Luxembourg station DIRECT from Charles de Gaulles airport Assistance 7/7 - 24/24
21828	Modern and beautiful family apartment in the very city centre. There are two bedrooms (one king bed and one big sofa bed) and a separated living room with a sofa bed. Both sofa beds are very confortable with veritable mattresses. There is a baby bed. The living room is very cosy with its low tables and armchairs where to spend nice evenings with family and friends. There is a very large TV. 	2 double bedrooms (king bed and big sofa bed) and 1 independent living room with a double sofa bed. Both sofa beds are very confortable with veritable mattresses. Living room is very cosy with its low tables and armchairs. Bright, tasty decorated. Modern and beautiful family apartment in the very city centre. There are two bedrooms (one king bed and one big sofa bed) and a separated living room with a sofa bed. Both sofa beds are very confortable with veritable mattresses. There is a baby bed. The living room is very cosy with its low tables and armchairs where to spend nice evenings with family and friends. There is a very large TV.  Guests are welcomed to use all apartment's equipement but are kindly asked to be careful as the spoke is about a family apartment with personal landlords staff. Within 2 minutes walking from the Luxembourg garden, Pantheon, 15 minutes walking from Notre-Dame de Paris. The area is wonderful with many small shops, typical Parisian  RER B - direct line from 
21829		"At metro Gobelins, a newly equipped studio of 22m2 with a terrace on an quiet sunny interior garden is an excellent starting point to explore this very ""parisien"" quartier, rue Mouffetard, rue Monge, at walking distance to  Jussieu and Sorbonne. The metro station Gobelin is at 150m from the studio. There is wifi access to the Orange operator in the studio, that provides a very good wifi connection for 19Euros/month."
21830	This studio will surprise you with its practical side, its calm and most of all, its situation : ideally placed between Notre Dame and St Michel, the Seine banks are at one side of the street and all commodities at the other side such as bakery and all other food shops. The very charming street and the quiet courtyard will seduce you if you appreciate the old Paris.  The flat is on the third floor and there is no elevator.	Small and self contained studio in a quiet street. View on the courtyard overlooking Notre Dame's spires. We can hear its bells singing! This studio will surprise you with its practical side, its calm and most of all, its situation : ideally placed between Notre Dame and St Michel, the Seine banks are at one side of the street and all commodities at the other side such as bakery and all other food shops. The very charming street and the quiet courtyard will seduce you if you appreciate the old Paris.  The flat is on the third floor and there is no elevator. The flat has a kitchenette and a bathroom with shower and toilets. It is an entire flat so you will be alone in it! You will be welcomed and guided for your stay. Do not hesitate to ask any question you want, as we will be happy to help you, for as true parisians we know the city very well.  You may very well be seduced by old stones that tell us stories of old Paris, the pedestrian quiet streets, the nearness of Notre Dame and of t
21831		Métro Port-Royal et Luxembourg à 3min. Parc du Luxembourg à 3min. Accès à l'appartement en rerB depuis l'aéroport.
21832		C'est un appartement spacieux du quartier latin (très animé). Il est typiquement parisien avec ses moulures, cheminées et parquet anciens dans un immeuble art déco. Le séjour donne sur une avenue mais les chambres sont au calme.
21833		Petite chambre individuelle et lumineuse. Située au  6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble très soigné. Cuisine/douche/WC PRIVÉ sur le palier/Internet&WIFI. À 5min à pied de la rue Mouffetard et du Panthéon. Metro le plus proche: Censier-Daubenton. -Draps propres 
21834	Loue appartement entièrement refait à neuf, dans le 5ème (Panthéon) à Paris, à 30 mètre du métro Luxembourg, et du jardin du Luxembourg, dans une petite impasse, calme. Commerces à proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, caviste, pharmacie, tabac, supermarché, restaurants, etc...). Magnifique quartier très prisé à Paris. Cet appartement, au 4 ème étage (sans ascenseur), d'un bel immeuble  (code et interphone) est composé: - D'une entrée. - D'un séjour traversant de 20m2 (double exposition), composé d'un côté d'un canapé lit 2 places, d'une télé (câble satellite), d'un lecteur DVD, et de l'autre d'une cuisine aménagée avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à café, grille-pain, machine à laver la vaisselle. - D'une chambre, avec un lit de 160. - D'une cuisine aménagée avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, four, plaques vocéramiques, machine à café, grille-pain, machine à laver la vaisselle. - D'une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver/sécher et WC. Rent apar	C'est un petit appartement que j'ai entièrement refait à mon goût voilà 2 années. Il est clair et calme. Je pense qu'on s'y sens bien. Et il est situé dans un quartier très joli et central de Paris! Vous y serez bien!!! Loue appartement entièrement refait à neuf, dans le 5ème (Panthéon) à Paris, à 30 mètre du métro Luxembourg, et du jardin du Luxembourg, dans une petite impasse, calme. Commerces à proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, caviste, pharmacie, tabac, supermarché, restaurants, etc...). Magnifique quartier très prisé à Paris. Cet appartement, au 4 ème étage (sans ascenseur), d'un bel immeuble  (code et interphone) est composé: - D'une entrée. - D'un séjour traversant de 20m2 (double exposition), composé d'un côté d'un canapé lit 2 places, d'une télé (câble satellite), d'un lecteur DVD, et de l'autre d'une cuisine aménagée avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à café, grille-pain, machine à laver la vaisselle. - D'une chambre, avec un lit de 160. -
21835	Petit studio ensoleillé double exposition dans bel immeuble en pierre de taille. 7e étage sans ascenseur mais vue imprenable sur l'église du Val-de-Grâce et Panthéon. Un canapé lit confortable large (160), wc et douche, évier, possibilité de cuisiner simplement (plaque, four à micro-ondes). Lave-linge/sèche-linge; réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélateur. Possibilité de ventiler naturellement (exposition est et ouest). Restaurant universitaire à 500 m. 	Studio idéalement situé. Double exposition. Grand canapé lit, bien équipé. Petit studio ensoleillé double exposition dans bel immeuble en pierre de taille. 7e étage sans ascenseur mais vue imprenable sur l'église du Val-de-Grâce et Panthéon. Un canapé lit confortable large (160), wc et douche, évier, possibilité de cuisiner simplement (plaque, four à micro-ondes). Lave-linge/sèche-linge; réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélateur. Possibilité de ventiler naturellement (exposition est et ouest). Restaurant universitaire à 500 m. accès direct par RER B vers aéroports Paris-Orly et Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle (stations Port Royal ou Luxembourg à 5mn à pied) Un plan du quartier est disponible avec les commerces et transports Vue plongeante sur l'ancienne abbaye du Val-de-Grâce, chef d’œuvre de l'architecture du XVIIe siècle, fondation royale de la reine Anne d'Autriche épouse de Louis XIII. Très bien desservi par les transports en commun, vous pourrez vous déplacer rapidement dans Paris, en b
21836	View of the roofs of Paris	A cute tiny pretty room in the center of Paris. Next to Panthéon, Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes, rue Mouffetard. 6th floor, with a lift.  This 9m2 studio with a balconny opens upper a silent courtyard. View of the roofs of Paris Access to Pantheon, Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des plantes We will meet for the day of your arrival and departure
21837	In the center of Paris, next to the Luxembourg Garden, 5min walk to the Pantheon and 10min to the Quartier Latin, Notre Dame de Paris ' Cathedral, Ile Saint Louis. Also, direct bus to Louvre museum, Pyramides, Marais, Opera, Eiffel Tower and more... 30m2, just renovated - 4th floor with elevator Nice and cosy appartment :1 bedroom with double bed, a sofa bed for two more persons, baby cot . Fully equipped kitchen, washing machin, drying cabinet. Bathroom with (website hidden),DVD, Internet. Quiet and charming area, ideal for couple. Excellent location, in front of the metro station Luxembourg Simple and direct from Charles de Gaulle and Orly ' airports, Gare du Nord Train Station! See you soon!	In the center of Paris, next to the Luxembourg Garden, 5min walk to the Pantheon and 10min to the Quartier Latin, Notre Dame de Paris ' Cathedral, Ile Saint Louis. Also, direct bus to Louvre museum, Pyramides, Marais, Opera, Eiffel Tower and more... 30m2, just renovated - 4th floor with elevator Nice and cosy appartment :1 bedroom with double bed, a sofa bed for two more persons, baby cot . Fully equipped kitchen, washing machin, drying cabinet. Bathroom with (website hidden),DVD, Internet. Quiet and charming area, ideal for couple. Excellent location, in front of the metro station Luxembourg Simple and direct from Charles de Gaulle and Orly ' airports, Gare du Nord Train Station! See you soon!
21838		Studio calme et lumineux, 30m2, au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble dans une cour intérieure. Séjour/chambre avec lit pour 2 adultes et canapé lit d'appoint.  Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain avec douche. Entièrement équipé. Internet+TV+tel. Digicodes.
21839		Furnished Studio 18sq located in 5th arrondissement near Mouffetard market / luxembourg garden. Garden level, quiet (no floor above), skylight, Equipped kitchenette, bathroom (shower and WC), free wifi, price all included
21840	Très bel appartement de 45 m² au sol, situé au 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, vue exceptionnelle sur les dômes du Panthéon et du Val de Grâce.  Extrêmement calme.  Rénové et décoré en 2014, parfaitement équipé et fonctionnel En détail: - Une chambre avec deux fenêtres et un lit double, dressing, télévision. - Une cuisine toute équipée - Un salon avec deux canapés dont un convertible deux places, une table basse, télévision et rangements - Une chambre d'enfant avec lit simple en mezzanine - Une salle d'eau avec lave linge et sèche linge. Spacieuse douche à l'italienne avec niches et banc - WC indépendant avec lave mains	Appartement entièrement rénové en 2014 par architecte d'intérieur. Situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble bourgeois du 5è arrondissement de Paris. A quelques pas du jardin du Luxembourg, vue imprenable sur le Panthéon et le Val de Grâce. Très calme! Très bel appartement de 45 m² au sol, situé au 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, vue exceptionnelle sur les dômes du Panthéon et du Val de Grâce.  Extrêmement calme.  Rénové et décoré en 2014, parfaitement équipé et fonctionnel En détail: - Une chambre avec deux fenêtres et un lit double, dressing, télévision. - Une cuisine toute équipée - Un salon avec deux canapés dont un convertible deux places, une table basse, télévision et rangements - Une chambre d'enfant avec lit simple en mezzanine - Une salle d'eau avec lave linge et sèche linge. Spacieuse douche à l'italienne avec niches et banc - WC indépendant avec lave mains Ensemble du logement Si je ne suis pas disponible à l'heure de votre arrivée, une personne de confiance vous accueille
21841	2 min walks from the central underground station of Luxembour, the apartement is in an extremely safe district, althought close to a lively zone ( restaurants, bars, typical jazz clubs etc.)  It offers the perfect combination of entertainement and rest that suits a holiday time	Lovely one-bedroom flat in the heart of Paris, second floor, not overlooked. One double-bed and one sofa bed, so could accomodate 4 people. 3min from the Luxembourg station on RER B line, the same lin serve both airport stations ( Roissy/Orly)
21842	 Large studio of 27 m2. Studio 5 minute street Mouffetard . Comfortable in a quiet nearby building , commerce, metro , coffee, going, lively . Charming belonging situated in the 5 th , near rue Mouffetard and Garden plant. Bustling with pedestrian street and all kinds of trade. By several connected by road transport. Covering an area of 27 m2 , parquet and floor tile floor of the kitchen. Bed 2 seater sofa bed with real futon mattress , storage cupboard . Equipped kitchen (washing machine , oven and microwave and hob and a fridge) Bathroom with bath and washbasin. Towels and cloth provided. Belonging bright south facing, with 2 large window and a smaller one.	Large studio of 27m2.Studio 5 minute street Mouffetard.Comfortablein a quietnearby building, commerce,metro, coffee,going,lively. Large studio of 27 m2. Studio 5 minute street Mouffetard . Comfortable in a quiet nearby building , commerce, metro , coffee, going, lively . Charming belonging situated in the 5 th , near rue Mouffetard and Garden plant. Bustling with pedestrian street and all kinds of trade. By several connected by road transport. Covering an area of 27 m2 , parquet and floor tile floor of the kitchen. Bed 2 seater sofa bed with real futon mattress , storage cupboard . Equipped kitchen (washing machine , oven and microwave and hob and a fridge) Bathroom with bath and washbasin. Towels and cloth provided. Belonging bright south facing, with 2 large window and a smaller one. Metro lines and buses nearby. Cafes and restaurants bustling neighborhood . Parks and many shops in the vicinity.
21843	Studio en parfait état et sain, vous trouvez tous l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour agréable.  Un Canapé lit confortable, un téléviseur, machine à laver , petit four, frigo, table à repasser et centrale vapeur.  Immeuble haussmannien  sécurisé, avec 2 codes d'entrée dans l'immeuble. l'appartement se situe au 3eme étage avec ascenseur.	Studio située au Centre de PARIS, au pied du Jardin de LUXEMBOURG et du Panthéon, venez découvrir le quartier Latin avec ces nombreux restaurants du quartier St Michel  et de la rue Moufetard ( 5 min à pied). Studio en parfait état et sain, vous trouvez tous l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour agréable.  Un Canapé lit confortable, un téléviseur, machine à laver , petit four, frigo, table à repasser et centrale vapeur.  Immeuble haussmannien  sécurisé, avec 2 codes d'entrée dans l'immeuble. l'appartement se situe au 3eme étage avec ascenseur. Vous pouvez avoir accès à l'ensemble du logement. Disponible sur mon portable pendant votre séjour, vous pouvez me contacter en cas de questions. Quartier Latin, Vous vous trouverez vraiment dans le centre de PARIS avec un accès facile pour visiter les plus beaux endroits de PARIS. à 5 min à pied du quartier St Michel et de la rue Mouffetard, vous y découvrirez les nombreux restaurants variés. à 2 min à pied du Jardin de LUXEMBOURG et du Panthéo
21844	35 m² - main room with lounge and a dining area, - separate bedroom with a double bed - kitchen behind a bar - bathroom with shower and toilets - an extra mattress (futon) and a sleeping bag can be used to host a third person in the lounge	Charming and luminous apartment for 2-3 people in an old building of the Latin Quarter, 1 min walk from the Jardin du Luxembourg (the most beautiful garden of Paris!), between Saint Germain and the Panthéon - an ideal place to discover Paris by walk! 35 m² - main room with lounge and a dining area, - separate bedroom with a double bed - kitchen behind a bar - bathroom with shower and toilets - an extra mattress (futon) and a sleeping bag can be used to host a third person in the lounge - Internet WiFi - HiFi in each room - fully equipped kitchen with a microwave-oven, fridge, hotplates... - washing machine - folk, classical and electric guitars with an amplifier - yoga mattress and cushion I or my sister will welcome the guests in order to give them the key and explain how the equipment work. In the Quartier Latin (best area to stay in Paris): 1 min walk from the Luxembourg garden, 2 min from the Panthéon, 5 min from Saint-Germain, 7 min from the banks of the Seine and Notre Dame de Pa
21845	Très jolie vue sur paris. Très bon emplacement. Salon très lumineux à forme originale.	Appartement très bien placé.  Lumineux, au 6e étage avec une jolie vue sur Paris. Chambre agréable avec un bon lit et grand cuisine/salon spacieux RER le plus proche : port-royal Très jolie vue sur paris. Très bon emplacement. Salon très lumineux à forme originale. Communication essentiellement à distance (je suis à San Francisco), idéalement par WhatsApp ou par mail. Je peux dépêcher quelqu'un sur place en cas de besoin. 5e arrondissement de Paris. Quartier central et très vivant. Marché 3 fois par semaine au pied de l'immeuble. A 3 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg. Très proche du RER Port Royal, proche des lignes de métro 4, 6, 12. De nombreux bus passent à proximité, notamment 38,83, 91.
21846	My 100m² two-storied flat is an old but completely restored one, very lighty because located on the 5th and 6th floors (elevator available of course !!!), and offering direct view on to Paris roofs. You'll be hosted in a 11m² bedroom.	"In the very heart of Paris, close to Mouffetard and the ""quartier latin"" : you""ll see the Pantheon from the balcony. A lighty two-storied flat, well served by underground, bus, local railway (if you land in CDG or Orly as well) and national railway. My 100m² two-storied flat is an old but completely restored one, very lighty because located on the 5th and 6th floors (elevator available of course !!!), and offering direct view on to Paris roofs. You'll be hosted in a 11m² bedroom. Private bathroom and toilets, bath towel included. Your bed is already fitted with coton sheet, and is waitting for you ! Kitchen avalaible only for breakfast. My wife and I are native Parisians, and as we are living there from a while, we know a lot about our city ! We'll share our favorite exhibitions and restaurants if you like to. If you need anything, it will be a pleasure to help you. Close to the arena of Lutetia,  to the cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris, to the Seine riverbanks, to the Jardin des Plant"
21847		"100 m2 in Paris center. 2 rooms (double bed), living room, diving room... in a quiet street at 5-10 min on foot from ""Panthéon"",""Notre Dame de Paris, garden of Luxembourg and quay of Seine... dishwasher, washing mahine"
21848	With soaring 4m (13ft) beamed ceilings, this 83 sqm (Approx 900 sq feet) Paris apartment has 2 Bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms and has been meticulously renovated in 2014, sparing no expense to ensure the maximum comfort for its guests.  This stunning apartment is best described as French classical with romantic spirit with contemporary touches.  It will sleep four people in its two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. You will love the romantic lighting and gorgeous furniture. Expensively equipped, it has been designed to offer maximum comfort including high tech additions such as USB plugs for any mobiles devices and very fast wifi Internet access.   The apartment opens into a hallway that takes you to the open plan living area, sumptuous with beautiful exposed beams, wooden floors and high ceilings. Elegantly decorated with a large sofa facing a beautiful built-in wall unit with a large flat screen TV and a separate Dolby Surround 5.1 system (Bluetooth enabled to connect with music on your	Location This centrally located unique, and newly renovated apartment is ideally situated in the 5th district, just a few steps away from Cité Island, Notre Dame de Paris and Saint Michel.  With soaring 4m (13ft) beamed ceilings, this 83 sqm (Approx 900 sq feet) Paris apartment has 2 Bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms and has been meticulously renovated in 2014, sparing no expense to ensure the maximum comfort for its guests.  This stunning apartment is best described as French classical with romantic spirit with contemporary touches.  It will sleep four people in its two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms. You will love the romantic lighting and gorgeous furniture. Expensively equipped, it has been designed to offer maximum comfort including high tech additions such as USB plugs for any mobiles devices and very fast wifi Internet access.   The apartment opens into a hallway that takes you to the open plan living area, sumptuous with beautiful exposed beams, wooden floors and high ceilings. Ele
21849	"Appartement 58m2 Paris Sud.Beaux volumes. Spacieux, très lumineux (orienté plein sud), très calme (aucun souci de voisinage). WIFI Proche quartiers de charme  Montparnasse, Gobelins, Mouffetard, Saint Germain des Prés. Bien desservi par bus (lignes (phone number hidden)) + desserte aéroport Paris Orly à 10 minutes à pied. Métros Gobelins ou Glacière à 10 minutes. 3 couchages : 1 grand lit (160/200) literie comprise + canapé confortable. Possibilité éventuellement de rajouter 2 matelas d'appoint dans le salon. Cuisine aménagée : four / micro-ondes / lave-vaiselle / petit électroménager complet. Salon spatieux et très (website hidden) écran plat. Salle de bain spacieuse et lumineuse entièrement rénovée décoration ""bord de mer"" avec grande baignoire.  Stationnement voiture dans le quartier très facile et sécurisé (pas de parking inclus). Proche hôpitaux  Cochin et Val de Grâce,SOS Médecins à 20 m et SOS dentaire à 30 m.Pompiers jouxtant l'immeuble. Nombreuses commodités: tous commerces,ci"	"Appartement 58m2 Paris Sud.Beaux volumes. Spacieux, très lumineux (orienté plein sud), très calme (aucun souci de voisinage). WIFI Proche quartiers de charme  Montparnasse, Gobelins, Mouffetard, Saint Germain des Prés. Bien desservi par bus (lignes (phone number hidden)) + desserte aéroport Paris Orly à 10 minutes à pied. Métros Gobelins ou Glacière à 10 minutes. 3 couchages : 1 grand lit (160/200) literie comprise + canapé confortable. Possibilité éventuellement de rajouter 2 matelas d'appoint dans le salon. Cuisine aménagée : four / micro-ondes / lave-vaiselle / petit électroménager complet. Salon spatieux et très (website hidden) écran plat. Salle de bain spacieuse et lumineuse entièrement rénovée décoration ""bord de mer"" avec grande baignoire.  Stationnement voiture dans le quartier très facile et sécurisé (pas de parking inclus). Proche hôpitaux  Cochin et Val de Grâce,SOS Médecins à 20 m et SOS dentaire à 30 m.Pompiers jouxtant l'immeuble. Nombreuses commodités: tous commerces,ci"
21850	Cet appartement charmant de 24 m² est composé :  - d'un salon avec canapé, téléviseur écran plat, une table basse et tabourets - d'une chambre séparée avec un lit double confortable - d'une cuisine équipée avec un frigidaire,  2 plaques de cuisson, un four/micro-ondes, une bouilloire et un grille-pain,  - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes  Son emplacement est idéal pour découvrir la capitale.  	Nice apartment (24 m²) with one bedroom and one living room. Calm and cosy. 5 minutes walk from Rue Mouffetard and Quartier Latin. 1 minute walk from the subway. Many shops nearby. WIFI, TV.  I would be glad to exchange with travellers and give some tips and advice about life in Paris ! The area of the Gobelins is very nice and calm. Ideally located near the centre of Paris, 2 minutes walk from the Quartier Latin or the Butte aux Cailles.  Subway ; Line 7 (Les Gobelins) Bus : Lines 27, 47, 83 and 91 Night bus : Lines N01, N02, N15, N22 The apartment is located at the 2nd floor (no lift). 
21851	Situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble qui se trouve lui-même au coeur de l'ilôt, l'appartement est extrêmement calme et la vue est dégagée. L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf (murs, parquets, plafonds) en juillet 2012. Il nous sert de pied-à-terre pour la famille et nous le proposons aussi à la location. 	Situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble qui se trouve lui-même au coeur de l'ilôt, l'appartement est extrêmement calme et la vue est dégagée. L'appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf (murs, parquets, plafonds) en juillet 2012. Il nous sert de pied-à-terre pour la famille et nous le proposons aussi à la location. Nous habitons à proximité et nous pouvons venir vous accueillir à votre arrivée. Le quartier du jardin du Luxembourg, en haut du Quartier latin, se trouve dans le centre historique de Paris. C'est l'un des quartiers les plus agréables de la ville : en hauteur par rapport à la Seine, il est très aéré et verdoyant.  Principaux endroits accessibles à pied : Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardins de l’Observatoire (2 min), chapelle du Val de Grâce (5 min) ; Sorbonne, Collège de France, Panthéon (10 min) ; quartier de la Huchette, quartier Saint-Séverin, musée de Cluny, place Saint-Michel, Odéon, Notre-Dame, Conciergerie, place de la Contrescarpe, rue Mouffetard (15 min) ; quartier Saint M
21852	This tastefully decorated studio is located in the heart of Paris historical Rive Gauche area and quartier Latin and a few steps away from Notre-Dame Cathedral, the famous Rue Mouffetard and Boulevard Saint Germain, The Sorbonne university and the Pantheon.  The studio is located rue de la Montagne Sainte Genevieve in the 5th district of Paris, the main gate, the buildings and the private historical courtyard are all registered as historical buildings. When you open the building main gate you will discover an amazing paved court yard surrounded by  an ancient college build in 1653. This college was closed in 1791 and hosts today private apartments. The studio is located on the second floor (third floor US) of a small building with 4 large south facing windows. The studio was decorated by an architect with warm tones and you will find everything you need to make your stay comfortable with style:  equipped kitchen: table ware and kitchen ware,  dish washer, espresso maker, toaster, oven,	Tastefully decorated studio located in the heart of Paris historical Rive Gauche & Quartier Latin. A few steps away from Notre-Dame Cathedral, Rue Mouffetard & Boulevard Saint Germain, Sorbonne university and the Panthéon. Metro Maubert-Mutualité. This tastefully decorated studio is located in the heart of Paris historical Rive Gauche area and quartier Latin and a few steps away from Notre-Dame Cathedral, the famous Rue Mouffetard and Boulevard Saint Germain, The Sorbonne university and the Pantheon.  The studio is located rue de la Montagne Sainte Genevieve in the 5th district of Paris, the main gate, the buildings and the private historical courtyard are all registered as historical buildings. When you open the building main gate you will discover an amazing paved court yard surrounded by  an ancient college build in 1653. This college was closed in 1791 and hosts today private apartments. The studio is located on the second floor (third floor US) of a small building with 4 large sou
21853	1 queen-size bed 1 sofa-bed (for 2 people) Fully-equiped American kitchen Dish-washer Convection standard oven Two cooking plates (induction) Large refrigerator and freezer Expresso Machine (Saeco) Large Italian shower Washing machine HI-FI sound system (including iPod plug)	Central Paris, 5th arndt, 2 min away Notre-Dame, 2nd floor, surrounded by 2 interior courts, very quiet and comfortable 2-room apt : large bedroom, Italian shower, dish-washer, convection oven, refrigerator, washing machine. Metro 4/10 RER B/C 2 min 1 queen-size bed 1 sofa-bed (for 2 people) Fully-equiped American kitchen Dish-washer Convection standard oven Two cooking plates (induction) Large refrigerator and freezer Expresso Machine (Saeco) Large Italian shower Washing machine HI-FI sound system (including iPod plug) Internet WIFI unlimited Free international calls on residential numbers (calls on mobile phones are not free and will be charged) HD medium size television with DVD player French Television by cable Hi-Fi sound system (iPod plug) 5th arrondissement 2 minutes away from Notre-Dame-de-Paris and Fontaine Saint-Michel 5 minutes of walk from Marché Maubert-Mutualité 15 minutes of walk from Saint-Germain-des-Prés Metro line 4 (Saint-Michel) and line 10 (Cluny-Sorbonne) RER B (
21854	Studio refait à neuf au rez de chaussée donnant sur une charmante cour boisée et lumineuse. Le studio dispose d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain, d'une pièce principale avec mezzanine et d'un coin cuisine. Idéal pour 2 personnes.  Pour amateurs de bonne musique, il y a accès a une platine vinyle, des centaines de disques ainsi qu'un système d'enceintes 5.1 Logitec et une connexion jack (utilisable avec smartphones, tablettes et ordinateurs portables).	Studio refait à neuf au rez de chaussée donnant sur une charmante cour boisée et lumineuse. Le studio dispose d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain, d'une pièce principale avec mezzanine et d'un coin cuisine. Idéal pour 2 personnes.  Pour amateurs de bonne musique, il y a accès a une platine vinyle, des centaines de disques ainsi qu'un système d'enceintes 5.1 Logitec et une connexion jack (utilisable avec smartphones, tablettes et ordinateurs portables). A votre disposition : - Wifi - Ordinateur (imac) - TV (16:9) - Système de son 5.1  - Platine vinyle avec ampli et des centaines de disques vinyles.  - Cuisine toute équipée - Machine à laver le linge Le quartier est très vivant, touristique et étudiant. Situé dans une rue très calme au centre du triangle Luxembourg/ Val de Grace / Port Royal. Très proche du fameux jardin du Luxembourg (3 min à pied) Proche du Panthéon ou de la Sorbonne (10 min à pied) Si vous aimez sortir, le quartier Mabillon et Saint-Germain est à à peine 15 minutes à pi
21855	A fully renovated one bedroom, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels. It's a 4th floor walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. Facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning included.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk on foot, but also take the Metro (Saint-Michel) or the bus, not to mention the bicycle rentals nearby.  For the Jazz music lovers, there is a bar on the other side of the street. Your stay will be unforgettable!	We named this charming 1BDR, DELACROIX, as it's located in the Latin Quarter, idealy near the Seine, facing Notre Dame, surounded by many monuments and churches. A fully renovated one bedroom, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels. It's a 4th floor walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. Facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning included.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk on foot, but also take the Metro (Saint-Michel) or the bus, not to mention the bicycle
21856	Non smoking apartment with balcony.  Can accommodate up to 4 people. 1 bedroom with possibility 1 double bed or 2 single beds. In living room,clic-clac/fold-down sofabed, double bed. Sun in the bedroom (east), quiet, courtyard exposure.  Sunshine afternoons in living room (west), with balcony.   Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, 4 electric cooking surfaces, microwave-oven.  Bathroom with tub/shower, washing machine, antique sink and decoration with glass tile by owner artist.  Separate toilet. Very sunny.   Owner lives upstairs. So I can help you with questions...close to Mouffettard (very touristy street), walking distance to Sorbonne, Pantheon, Luxembourg, St Michel, Jardin des plantes, la Grande Mosquée de Paris (cup of mint tea, hammam), Notre Dame and Seine..Close to RER Luxembourg station (direct from CDG).  Many delicious restaurants within 5 minutes walk.  Bus 21 and 27 en front of the apartment.Censier and Monge Metro stations close by.  Welcome.. Possibility to make arr	Place quiet in a safe quarter .Central,walking distances to numerous monuments and parks.   Close to restaurants,bars,stores....Easy acces,bus,RER,SUbway. Non smoking apartment with balcony.  Can accommodate up to 4 people. 1 bedroom with possibility 1 double bed or 2 single beds. In living room,clic-clac/fold-down sofabed, double bed. Sun in the bedroom (east), quiet, courtyard exposure.  Sunshine afternoons in living room (west), with balcony.   Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, 4 electric cooking surfaces, microwave-oven.  Bathroom with tub/shower, washing machine, antique sink and decoration with glass tile by owner artist.  Separate toilet. Very sunny.   Owner lives upstairs. So I can help you with questions...close to Mouffettard (very touristy street), walking distance to Sorbonne, Pantheon, Luxembourg, St Michel, Jardin des plantes, la Grande Mosquée de Paris (cup of mint tea, hammam), Notre Dame and Seine..Close to RER Luxembourg station (direct from CDG).  Many deliciou
21857	One living room / bedroom apartment, 42 sqm, on the fifth floor with an elevator. It consists of: - a lobby giving access to living room, kitchen, bathroom and toilets - a living room / bedroom : a sofa, a coffee table, two arm chairs, a desk, a built-in bed (140*200), a HD TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - a kitchen with a table, fully equipped with ring hobs, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, a washing drying machine and everything you need to cook; - a bathroom with a shower and one basin; - the toilets; - several closets. The linen is provided.	Five minutes walk from Jardin du Luxembourg to rest and read on a deck-chair in the very heart of Paris..., this apartment with will meet your expectations. One living room / bedroom apartment, 42 sqm, on the fifth floor with an elevator. It consists of: - a lobby giving access to living room, kitchen, bathroom and toilets - a living room / bedroom : a sofa, a coffee table, two arm chairs, a desk, a built-in bed (140*200), a HD TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - a kitchen with a table, fully equipped with ring hobs, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, a washing drying machine and everything you need to cook; - a bathroom with a shower and one basin; - the toilets; - several closets. The linen is provided.
21858	Typical Parisian apartment in the heart of the Latin quarter. Very quiet, prefect location in the 5th arrondissement (district) close to the RER line B Luxembourg  ( direct train from CDG international airport) and few minutes by walk to metro line 4; 6; 12. From our flat you can go by walk to some famous places such as: -Luxembourg garden in 2 minutes  - Pantheon in 5 minutes - Saint Michel; Sorbonne in 10 minutes - Saint Germain des prés, Odeon in 15 minutes  -Notre dame de Paris in 20 minutes The apartment is fully furnished on the 3rd floor (no lift). It's a 2 bedrooms flat with 2 double bed size and a convertible sofa ( double bed size). - 1 bathroom with a shower cabine and a washing machine - 1 kitchen with all necessary to cook -1 living room with the convertible sofa, 1 screen tv with cable and Internet wifi	53 square meters in one one the best part of Paris !  Thanks to this flat you will have access to all main tourism places in few minutes. The flat is the perfect place to have a quiet time after a busy day of visits.
21859	mon appartement est situé au centre de Paris, dans le quartier des Gobelins, une petite rue, calme avec tous les moyens de transports à 100m. mon appartement est conçu pour 3 personnes maximum	Cet appartement de 27 m² , 2 pièces , est situé rue des Gobelins dans le 13ème arrondissement , au 2ème étage d'un authentique immeuble du 19ème siècle( poutres apparentes) sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 2 personnes, maximum 3.   mon appartement est situé au centre de Paris, dans le quartier des Gobelins, une petite rue, calme avec tous les moyens de transports à 100m. mon appartement est conçu pour 3 personnes maximum l'appartement entier est réservé aux voyageurs Quand je ne suis pas à Paris, c'est Sophie ou Romain qui vous accueilleront Vous êtes à pied à 300m de la bien connue Rue Mouffetard qui vous amène en 10min au Panthéon. vVus êtes à 200m de la fameuse Manufactures des Gobelins par métro, ligne 7, par bus (phone number hidden). 
21860	Hello everyone, It's a studio flat, perfect for a couple or two friends, with a clear and comfy living-room (with a convertible sofa) and a fully equipped kitchen. Perfect place to chill out after a long day visiting Paris! It is also equipped with a small bathroom.  The flat is in the core of the famous Latin quarter in a very trendy area, well known for its typical Parisian atmosphere, nice cafés, food shops, butcher, fish, charcuteries, flower, market, bookstores, art galleries, high end fashion boutiques.  Closest Métro Stations :Censier Daubenton (Line 7) and Luxembourg (RER B).  I look forward hearing from you!  Charlotte 	Hello everyone, It's a studio flat, perfect for a couple or two friends, with a clear and comfy living-room (with a convertible sofa) and a fully equipped kitchen. Perfect place to chill out after a long day visiting Paris! It is also equipped with a small bathroom.  The flat is in the core of the famous Latin quarter in a very trendy area, well known for its typical Parisian atmosphere, nice cafés, food shops, butcher, fish, charcuteries, flower, market, bookstores, art galleries, high end fashion boutiques.  Closest Métro Stations :Censier Daubenton (Line 7) and Luxembourg (RER B).  I look forward hearing from you!  Charlotte 
21861	Outstanding apartment, 100sq.meters, Corner living-room with 3 windows directly on the amazing banks of the Seine. 2 bedrooms, large dining kitchen with all equipment, shower room, bathroom, exquisit and rafinated decoration, antiques and charm. View: Seine, Notre-Dame, Hôtel de ville, bridges, Sainte Genevieve's Statue, Île Saint-Louis...  Great old building, elevator, concierge. Very convinient for public transports: Metro lines, buses, river bus... Close to Saint-Germain-des-près, Bastille, Île saint louis, Quartier Latin, Sorbonne, Pantheon... Area life : familly area, parks, shops, supermarket, fresh market 3 times a week... 	Outstanding apartment, 100sq.meters, Corner living-room with 3 windows directly on the amazing banks of the Seine. 2 bedrooms, large dining kitchen with all equipment, shower room, bathroom, exquisit and rafinated decoration, antiques and charm. View: Seine, Notre-Dame, Hôtel de ville, bridges, Sainte Genevieve's Statue, Île Saint-Louis...  Great old building, elevator, concierge. Very convinient for public transports: Metro lines, buses, river bus... Close to Saint-Germain-des-près, Bastille, Île saint louis, Quartier Latin, Sorbonne, Pantheon... Area life : familly area, parks, shops, supermarket, fresh market 3 times a week... 
21862	Notre spacieux deux pièces est parfait pour découvrir Paris en amoureux.  Depuis votre appartement typiquement haussmannien vous avez accès à Notre Dame et la Sorbonne en 2 min,  le Louvre et Saint Germain des Prés en 10 min, A PIED !  Our Spacioux flat is the location to discover Paris by foot : 2 min from Notre Dame and La Sorbonne, 10 min from Saint Germain and le Louvre - the best place for a romantic (and cultural) weekend !	Notre spacieux deux pièces est parfait pour découvrir Paris en amoureux.  Depuis votre appartement typiquement haussmannien vous avez accès à Notre Dame et la Sorbonne en 2 min,  le Louvre et Saint Germain des Prés en 10 min, A PIED !  Our Spacioux flat is the location to discover Paris by foot : 2 min from Notre Dame and La Sorbonne, 10 min from Saint Germain and le Louvre - the best place for a romantic (and cultural) weekend ! L'appartement dispose d'un grand salon/salle à manger et d'une belle chambre. Notre grande entrée complète une charmante cuisine. Salle de bain avec WC séparés.  Very spacious bedroom and living room. Confortable kitchen and bathroom. N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions ou besoin de conseils !  Feel free to ask us any questions or advice  :) Le quartier Latin est un environnement historique et animé. Situé au centre de Paris, il permet de visiter la ville entièrement à pied ! Both historical and animated district in the very centre of the city. A 1 min de
21863		Petit studio situé en plein coeur de Paris. Proche de notre dame et de saint Germain des près, ainsi que des bars, restaurant et supermarché.  Idéal pour deux personnes, lit double, four, micro-onde, machine a laver et télé a disposition  Ligne de métro 4 et 10  RER B 
21864	Location, space, family oriented	Less than 5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame, family appartment on the 5th floor (4ème étage) without lift in an old traditional building. 65 sqm over all. No smoking. Until end of August, easier for us if you can bring sheets. Thanks Location, space, family oriented All appliances for a family, no TV SMS, airbnb, electronic mail, phone if necessary Know most of my neighbours Street without cars Safety (street full of shops and restaurants we know) Probably easiest place in Paris for public transportation (buses, metro, RERs), including direct lines from most airport and railway stations
21865	Apartment in central Paris 5th. Near to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very nice and comfortable apartment on the 1st floor quiet courtyard. Lively. In the center of Paris. Luxembourg Gardens, Commerce, Restaurants, Cinema, nearby. anglais français arabe Apartment in central Paris 5th. close to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very nice and comfortable apartment on the 1st floor quiet courtyard. Neighborhood (website hidden) very center of Paris. Luxembourg Gardens, Commerce, Restaurants, Cinema close by. anglais français arabe Apartment in central Paris 5th. close to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very n	Apartment in central Paris 5th. Near to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very nice and comfortable apartment on the 1st floor quiet courtyard. Lively. In the center of Paris. Luxembourg Gardens, Commerce, Restaurants, Cinema, nearby. anglais français arabe Apartment in central Paris 5th. close to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very nice and comfortable apartment on the 1st floor quiet courtyard. Neighborhood (website hidden) very center of Paris. Luxembourg Gardens, Commerce, Restaurants, Cinema close by. anglais français arabe Apartment in central Paris 5th. close to the Pantheon and the Sorbonne, Saint Michel and Saint Germain, Chatelet. Almost all historical monuments and places touristiques.Vous can do everything on foot. Very n
21866	The apartment is a rare 70 m2 in the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris, literally one minute walk from the amazing Luxembourg Park. The rue Gay-Lussac is the most charming one in Paris, full of fascinating stories. You are 10 minutes away from Saint-Germain des Près and 15 minutes away from the Marais ... walking !  Each room has a double bed, and the couch in the living room can also be transformed in a double bed. 4 to 6 people can make the most of this ideal area of Paris. You will have a full access to the kitchen equipment, TV, WiFi access and washing machine.  I will be there to welcome you and always reachable on my phone or email address if you have a question. The Luxembourg area is central, and is one of the most beautiful areas in Paris. The buildings and the libraries are hictoric, the Luxembourg Park is famous for its beauty and its great art exhibitions. You are five minutes away from the famous Rue Mouffetard, the Panthéon and Saint-Germain-des-Près. Walk 10 more 	The apartment is a rare 70 m2 in the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris, literally one minute walk from the amazing Luxembourg Park. The rue Gay-Lussac is the most charming one in Paris, full of fascinating stories. You are 10 minutes away from Saint-Germain des Près and 15 minutes away from the Marais ... walking !  Each room has a double bed, and the couch in the living room can also be transformed in a double bed. 4 to 6 people can make the most of this ideal area of Paris. You will have a full access to the kitchen equipment, TV, WiFi access and washing machine.  I will be there to welcome you and always reachable on my phone or email address if you have a question. The Luxembourg area is central, and is one of the most beautiful areas in Paris. The buildings and the libraries are hictoric, the Luxembourg Park is famous for its beauty and its great art exhibitions. You are five minutes away from the famous Rue Mouffetard, the Panthéon and Saint-Germain-des-Près. Walk 10 more 
21867	Bonjour! this is the perfect place for the voyager who want to see the parisian area! You could see true parisian lifestyle in my are. My studio is located in 5th district which only takes 3min to the metro station (Censier Daubenton :line 7) on foot. The building is typical style of Paris and 2nd floor. Bathroom with bath, fully equipped kitchen. Nicely decorated, has a fully equipped kitchen with sink, stove and refrigerator, and a bathroom with a bath. Wifi. A secured door with a digital code    My studio is 16m2 which is not big place but located in really nice area and you could reach bus stop in 1min, also night bus stop 3min and metro station 3min. You could easily walk to 'Pantheon', 'Jardin des Plantes' (15min), 'Notre Dame' (22min) One of the best safe area in Paris with friendly neighborhood. Just next to my place you could see small design shop, bakery, restaurant, wine shop, bar... If you interested in french restaurant,  there is one amazing hidden spot I could give infor	Bonjour! this is the perfect place for the voyager who want to see the parisian area! My studio is located in 5th district which only takes 3min to the metro station (Censier Daubenton :line 7) on foot.
21868		Appartement situé proche du jardin du Luxembourg, des boulevards Saint-Michel et Montparnasse, rue Henri Barbusse, RER Port-Royal, près des restaurants, cinémas, commerces et marché. Immeuble sécurisé (vidéophone, digicode) dans rue calme 
21869		- located in the famous 5th district of Paris in a  Haussmann building - near Luxembourg park and Mouffetard area - bedroom very quiet (on courtyard) - fully equiped and separate kitchen - clean towels and sheets are provided - double living
21870	This elegant and refined studio apartment is located on Boulevard Saint Germain, in the 5th arrondissement. It is near Pont de la Tournelle, Quai de la Tournelle, and the fabulous Ile Saint Louis. It is on the 5th floor with an elevator. The decoration is beautiful and elegant with antique furniture. You can enjoy the nice balcony along the length with outdoor furniture, and the view on the Eiffel Tower. The studio can accommodate 3 guests and has air conditioning.  This lovely studio apartment has an area of 35 square meters, or 377 square feet, and a luminous living room with 2 French windows. There is a convertible sofa (width: 120 centimeters), a wall bed queen size (width: 160 centimeters), and two fire places. Furniture include an antique dining table, antique mirrors, antique ceiling light, and several closets. The kitchen is fully equipped with washer, dishwasher. Free wifi, and international phone calls. The bathroom includes a shower. The toilet is separate from bathroom. .  	This elegant and refined studio apartment is located on Boulevard Saint Germain, in the 5th arrondissement. It is near Pont de la Tournelle, Quai de la Tournelle, and the fabulous Ile Saint Louis. It is on the 5th floor with an elevator. The decoration is beautiful and elegant with antique furniture. You can enjoy the nice balcony along the length with outdoor furniture, and the view on the Eiffel Tower. The studio can accommodate 3 guests and has air conditioning.  This lovely studio apartment has an area of 35 square meters, or 377 square feet, and a luminous living room with 2 French windows. There is a convertible sofa (width: 120 centimeters), a wall bed queen size (width: 160 centimeters), and two fire places. Furniture include an antique dining table, antique mirrors, antique ceiling light, and several closets. The kitchen is fully equipped with washer, dishwasher. Free wifi, and international phone calls. The bathroom includes a shower. The toilet is separate from bathroom. .  
21871		Ce studio-atelier design de 4 m de haut ressemblant au pont d'un bateau- parquet blanc, filin d'acier& cabines- a donné une nouvelle vie aux écuries 19e s. de la cour pavée d'une charmante copropriété du Quartier Latin. Il vous séduira par son calme, sa praticité, sa modernité et son esthétique épurée... A 200m du magnifique jardin du Luxembourg. Rare!
21872	Cet appartement décoré dans un esprit bistrot chic et parisien, est situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmanien du 19ème siècle. Il offre une vue imprenable sur la cathédrale Notre-Dame et  les toits de Paris. Les amoureux de Walt Disney pensent au dessin animé « les  Aristochats ». Quant aux amoureux de Victor Hugo, ils s’envoleront  vers les tours de Notre Dame en compagnie d’Esmeralda et Quasimodo. L’appartement est très agréable à vivre: petit, mais pourvu de tout le confort pour un séjour de longue durée: lave vaisselle, micro-ondes, lave linge séchant, cheminée électrique décorative. Penderie, mini coin bureau, vrai lit, internet, TV... tout a été pensé pour qu'une personne puisse vivre trés confortablement une vraie vie parisienne Le loyer inclue les charges de copropriété L'électricité n'est pas incluse pour les séjours de plus de 27 nuits Linge de lit et serviettes sont inclus dans le loyer. La prise d'une assurance est obligatoire pour les séjours de longue d	For monthly rentals, please note the following: 1/maximum number of renters in the flat is 2 . 2/ electricity, gaz, telephone and VOD are not included in the rent 3/a damage deposit of 1 month rental is payable on the arrival as per the french law
21873	Bright, quiet and cosy apartement with terrace.	Beautiful neighborhood, very central to visist. A romantic & quiet place to stay, very close to rue Mouffetard or le jardin du Luxembourg. Fully equipped studio (wifi), bright (with terrasse) on the second floor of a modern building, with elevator. Bright, quiet and cosy apartement with terrace. We absolutely love our neighborhood, ideal to visit the authentic Paris and have a pleasant time. This is a very popular area to live in among Parisians, you'll be very lucky to stay in this area! 1 minute away walking to the street market Rue Mouffetard, Place Saint Médard, Rue Monge, Arenes de Lutece.  5 minutes walk to the Luxembourg Garden and the Jardin des Plantes. 10 minutes to Saint Michel, the Latin Quarter, the Pantheon, the Sorbonne, etc. 15 minutes walk to Notre-Dame 20 minutes by subway to the Eiffel Tower 30 minutes by subway to Montmartre/Pigalle Instant access to main subway and bus lines : / BUS / Bus 21 and 27 very close to the appartement and direct to the Louvres, Pont des a
21874	Le studio est agréable silencieux. Situé au cœur du Quartier Latin, les poutres apparentes et le calme de la cour interne lui donne une atmosphère du vieux Paris. Le bâtiment est effectivement ancien (XVII siècle). Les plantes verdoyantes aux fenêtre et le lierre qui grimpe aux murs en fond un petit nid intime, lumineux et chalereux. 	Studio de 22 m2 au 4ème étage d'un ancien immeuble du XVII siècle dans le cœur du Quartier Latin. Idéal pour une ou deux personnes. Lucarne et deux fenêtres verdoyantes sur cour interne calme et lumineuse. Plantes à arroser. Poutres apparentes. Le studio est agréable silencieux. Situé au cœur du Quartier Latin, les poutres apparentes et le calme de la cour interne lui donne une atmosphère du vieux Paris. Le bâtiment est effectivement ancien (XVII siècle). Les plantes verdoyantes aux fenêtre et le lierre qui grimpe aux murs en fond un petit nid intime, lumineux et chalereux. Les conforts d'une maison habitée et équipée Je serai présente sur Paris et disponible à toute demande de mes hôtes pour qu'ils se sentent à l'aise dans l'appartement ainsi que dans la ville. Les transports ne sont pas loin mais si on aime se promener il est facile de rejoindre de nombreux lieux à pied. Que ce soit des lieux culturels, monuments, églises, musées, de détentes, jardins, cafés, salle de thés, hammam, o
21875		C'est un bel appartement de 55m2 situé à 5 min a pied du jardin du Luxembourg et à 10 min de saint Michel. Deux pièces avec une grande chambre et grand salon. Équipé d'une machine à laver et d'un lave vaisselle.  Entre les stations port royal et Luxembourg. Le quartier latin est très animé le soirs, les balades sur les quais sont agréables, ils y a beaucoup de restaurant aux environs. RER B , station Luxembourg ou port royal
21876	Smart TV de dernière génération, connectée à Internet, accès Internet par WIFI. 2 WC privatifs.	Smart TV de dernière génération, connectée à Internet, accès Internet par WIFI. 2 WC privatifs. L'un des quartiers de Paris les plus recherchés... Station de RER B Port-Royal, bus 38, 91, 83 Orly bus, RER direct Roissy,  
21877	L’appartement est lumineux grâce à deux grandes baies vitrées donnant sur un charmant petit balcon. L’appartement se compose d'une cuisine américaine, une chambre, une salle de bain (avec wc séparé) - Une chambre:  TV écran plat, le nécessaire est disponible pour écouter de la musique (enceinte) mais aussi pour vous connecter en WIFI.  - Une cuisine américaine qui dispose d'un réfrigérateur avec freezer, un micro-onde four, une plaque de cuisson, et tous les ustensiles classiques de cuisine.  - une salle de bain spacieuse avec une grande douche - un wc séparé - un balcon donnant sur la cour intérieure de l'immeuble Nous ne fournissons ni les draps, house de couette et taies d'oreiller, ni les serviettes. 	Appartement d'environ 40 m2  en plein coeur de Paris.   Très calme, donnant sur une cour intérieure. L’appartement est lumineux grâce à deux grandes baies vitrées donnant sur un charmant petit balcon. L’appartement se compose d'une cuisine américaine, une chambre, une salle de bain (avec wc séparé) - Une chambre:  TV écran plat, le nécessaire est disponible pour écouter de la musique (enceinte) mais aussi pour vous connecter en WIFI.  - Une cuisine américaine qui dispose d'un réfrigérateur avec freezer, un micro-onde four, une plaque de cuisson, et tous les ustensiles classiques de cuisine.  - une salle de bain spacieuse avec une grande douche - un wc séparé - un balcon donnant sur la cour intérieure de l'immeuble Nous ne fournissons ni les draps, house de couette et taies d'oreiller, ni les serviettes. à 3 minutes du métro Les Gobelins (ligne 7)  à deux pas de la ligne 91 et 21 (bus)
21878	Appartement 2 pièces sympathique avec double exposition. Le salon avec ses deux grandes fenêtres donne sur le boulevard et la chambre donne sur cour. Il y a une très bonne circulation de l'air au sein de l'appartement. Appartement situé, pour un piéton à 5min de la rue mouffetard, 10min de la butte-aux-cailles, 5min de la gare d'austerlitz, 20min de la gare de lyon, ...	Appartement agréable très bien situé en plein cœur de paris avec tout à proximité. carrefour market, picard, boulangerie, pharmacie, pressing: moins d' 1 min  métro 7 (les gobelins), métro 5 (campo formio, saint-marcel): moins de 5 min Appartement 2 pièces sympathique avec double exposition. Le salon avec ses deux grandes fenêtres donne sur le boulevard et la chambre donne sur cour. Il y a une très bonne circulation de l'air au sein de l'appartement. Appartement situé, pour un piéton à 5min de la rue mouffetard, 10min de la butte-aux-cailles, 5min de la gare d'austerlitz, 20min de la gare de lyon, ... L'appartement entier est mis à la disposition des voyageurs Je me rendrai disponible si besoin Quartier tranquille à la fois et vivant avec commerces, transports à proximité. Plusieurs restaurants et bars pour tous publics. Métro - les gobelins (ligne 7) - à 2min - campo formio (ligne 5) - à 5min - saint-marcel (ligne 5) - à 5min - gare d'austerlitz (ligne 5, RER C et train): à 10min - ga
21879	a haven of peace 150 meters from the Luxembourg garden in a pretty courtyard ranked 17th century a small house surrounded by beautiful plants redone in January 2015 you will find a nice living room with a working fireplace .... 2 bedrooms with two completely independent large closets bathroom with walk-in shower everything is new totoalement	A haven of peace only 150 meters from Luxembourg garden in a pretty courtyard ranked of the 17th century. It is a small house surrounded by beautiful plants completely renovated in January 2015. You will find a charming lounge with a fireplace  a haven of peace 150 meters from the Luxembourg garden in a pretty courtyard ranked 17th century a small house surrounded by beautiful plants redone in January 2015 you will find a nice living room with a working fireplace .... 2 bedrooms with two completely independent large closets bathroom with walk-in shower everything is new totoalement A haven of peace only 150 meters from Luxembourg garden in a pretty courtyard ranked of the 17th century. It is a small house surrounded by beautiful plants completely renovated in January 2015. You will find a charming lounge with a fireplace that works!.
21880	Cet appartement chaleureux de 45 m², avec parquet au sol est composé : - d'un salon avec un canapé,  un lit armoire, une table haute et chaises hautes. - d'une chambre séparée avec un lit bébé (lit à barreaux, convient jusqu'à 2 ans), une table à langer et un tapis de jeux. - d'une cuisine équipée avec un frigidaire, 4 plaques de cuisson, un four, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, un presse agrumes électrique. - d'une salle d'eau avec douche et lavabo. - d'un WC séparé. - L'appartement est situé au 5e étage avec vue sur une cour calme et les toits de Paris.	Agréable 2 pièces (45 m²) avec un salon-chambre et une chambre bébé. Calme, confortable et lumineux. Au pied de la Rue Mouffetard et proche Quartier Latin. A 3 minutes à pied du métro et des bus. Ambiance village au cœur de Paris. Nombreux commerces. Cet appartement chaleureux de 45 m², avec parquet au sol est composé : - d'un salon avec un canapé,  un lit armoire, une table haute et chaises hautes. - d'une chambre séparée avec un lit bébé (lit à barreaux, convient jusqu'à 2 ans), une table à langer et un tapis de jeux. - d'une cuisine équipée avec un frigidaire, 4 plaques de cuisson, un four, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, un presse agrumes électrique. - d'une salle d'eau avec douche et lavabo. - d'un WC séparé. - L'appartement est situé au 5e étage avec vue sur une cour calme et les toits de Paris. L'appartement vous ai entièrement dédié. Ce sera avec plaisir que nous pourrons échanger avec vous sur les bons plans du quartier. Le quartier des Gobelins est charmant et calme. La rue M
21881	One bedroom apartment located in the seventh floor with lift, not overlooked. Boasting lovely views across Paris and the Eiffel Tower and Pantheon. It is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the 5th arrondissement, close to Rue Mouffetard. At 50 meters from the bus station 4 (the 91, the 83, 21 and 27) and 100 meters from the Goblin station (line 7). A taxi rank is also located 100 meters. It's a fully furnished apartment with a fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, induction hob, robots formed, dishwasher and washer dryer), living room (sofa bed with mattress by Simmons, a coffee table, a TV with access to cable and broadband internet and unlimited, an extendable table for up to 8 people), a toilet, a bedroom with a bed of 140 X 160, dresser and a closet and a computer (IMAC), a bathroom with shower and sink, and a large window. It is located in an area where it is easy to park car. The Italie 2 shopping center is located at 2000 meters, the manufacture of Goblin 500 meters. Y	Beautiful one bedroom located in the Latin Quater, closed to public transportation and historical monuments. One bedroom apartment located in the seventh floor with lift, not overlooked. Boasting lovely views across Paris and the Eiffel Tower and Pantheon. It is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the 5th arrondissement, close to Rue Mouffetard. At 50 meters from the bus station 4 (the 91, the 83, 21 and 27) and 100 meters from the Goblin station (line 7). A taxi rank is also located 100 meters. It's a fully furnished apartment with a fully equipped kitchen (oven, fridge, induction hob, robots formed, dishwasher and washer dryer), living room (sofa bed with mattress by Simmons, a coffee table, a TV with access to cable and broadband internet and unlimited, an extendable table for up to 8 people), a toilet, a bedroom with a bed of 140 X 160, dresser and a closet and a computer (IMAC), a bathroom with shower and sink, and a large window. It is located in an area where it is easy
21882		Charming duplex apartment right in the center of Paris. You will be seduced by the location, 5 mins walk from Notre Dame, 2 mins walks form the gorgeous Luxembourg Garden and in one of the most charming and famous neig
21883	Last floor gives the studio a lot of light and view on Parisian's typical roofs. The Studio is very conveniently equipped to optimize the space.	"In the heart of the vibrant Latin district, my cozy studio will gladly welcome you. Direct trains to the Airports and to the train Stations. Most of the greatest sightseeing at walking distance. All possible kinds of shopping and Restaurants nearby. Last floor gives the studio a lot of light and view on Parisian's typical roofs. The Studio is very conveniently equipped to optimize the space. -The entire studio is for you. Thus you will enjoy a private bathroom. -Wifi access  I live a few floors down, so I can help for anything. I love how close to everything the place is. You can walk to the sightseeing wonders of Paris from here. The Latin district is the oldest of Paris, with beautiful building's architecture and vibrant atmosphere.  It is very close from the RER B and Metro 4 station ""St Michel-Notre Dame"" and the Metro 10 station ""Cluny la sorbonne"". For short trips around Paris, think about taking the Velib: bikes you can rent for 30min rides for 1.5euro per day. (website hidden) "
21884	Located at only 250 meters from famous place St Médard and the well known Mouffetard market, in the heart of the 5th district. Very close to the Jardin des plantes (850 meters) with its zoo for kids and the Jardin du Luxembourg (1 km). Quartier Latin /  Mouffetard / Gobelins / Port Royal.  Designer's apartement totally renovated in march 2013. It includes : - A great living / dining room of 25 sqm - A kitchen / entrance of 10 sqm, fully integrated and opened on the living room thanks to 3 arcade. Both kitchen and living room constitute a very convenient and easy to live 35 sqm space. Kitchen equipment includes all you need : dish waher, 2 induction cooker and 2 natural gas appliances, 1 all-in-one micro-wave / conventional air pulsed oven, 1 big réfrigerator with dedicated freezer, a complete cooking set, almost brand new. - 3 rooms : room Nr 1 of 12 sqm with a great double bed lit (160 x 200cm), Room N°2 of 11 sqm with a single bed 80x200 cm easily convertible in a great king size bed	At 200m from Mouffetard Str. & St Médard place, our flat was renovated in 2013 and can host up to 4-5 pers, perfect for families / friends. Very easy to live in with its 25 sqm living room, open kitchen and 3 real bedrooms. Elevator and 3rd floor.  Located at only 250 meters from famous place St Médard and the well known Mouffetard market, in the heart of the 5th district. Very close to the Jardin des plantes (850 meters) with its zoo for kids and the Jardin du Luxembourg (1 km). Quartier Latin /  Mouffetard / Gobelins / Port Royal.  Designer's apartement totally renovated in march 2013. It includes : - A great living / dining room of 25 sqm - A kitchen / entrance of 10 sqm, fully integrated and opened on the living room thanks to 3 arcade. Both kitchen and living room constitute a very convenient and easy to live 35 sqm space. Kitchen equipment includes all you need : dish waher, 2 induction cooker and 2 natural gas appliances, 1 all-in-one micro-wave / conventional air pulsed oven, 1
21885	Il est très bien situé et en très bon état. Couvertures, oreillers, draps et linge de toilettes inclus. Services facultatifs en plus du loyer si vous le souhaitez : Internet Wifi : 5 euros/jour Ménage, linge, oreillers, serviettes de toilette inclus. Parking dans le bâtiment : 20 euros/jour Arrivée après 21h00 : 20 euros.	"Il est très bien situé et en très bon état. Couvertures, oreillers, draps et linge de toilettes inclus. Services facultatifs en plus du loyer si vous le souhaitez : Internet Wifi : 5 euros/jour Ménage, linge, oreillers, serviettes de toilette inclus. Parking dans le bâtiment : 20 euros/jour Arrivée après 21h00 : 20 euros. Transports en commun métro, RER et bus à proximité. Aller sur le site internet des transports en commun nommé ""RATP"" et taxis nommé ""G7"" Par email de préférence. Proximité du quartier Saint Michel et cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, panthéon et jardins du Luxembourg. RER B à 3 minutes à pieds. Stations de métro à 5 minutes à pieds NEANT"
21886	Very well located, right in the center of the old Paris, the studio is cheap compared to what it provides...	Very well located, right in the center of the old Paris, the studio is cheap compared to what it provides...
21887	Ce logement est à l'extrême centre de Paris et permet de rayonner partout en ayant à proximité des lieux comme Notre-Dame, le Panthéon, Saint-Michel etc. De plus le studio est typique avec des poutres apparentes et est au dernier étage d'un vieil immeuble datant de plusieurs siècles avec un escalier classé dans le patrimoine de la ville de Paris.  Ce studio est un petit triplex original qui permet de changer de pièces grâce à deux échelles (pièce à vivre au niveau de base, échelle pour monter à la mezzanine et échelle pour descendre à la salle de bain).  Il est néanmoins assez petit et deux personnes peuvent se sentir à l'étroit, mais peuvent y séjourner aisément (lit deux places). Pour une personne, ce studio est parfait, j'y vis en effet depuis un an.	Joli petit studio typiquement parisien aux poutres apparentes au coeur du quartier latin. L'appartement peut loger deux voyageurs et contient une cuisine équipée. Il est au centre de Paris, silencieux, et idéal pour visiter et sortir. Ce logement est à l'extrême centre de Paris et permet de rayonner partout en ayant à proximité des lieux comme Notre-Dame, le Panthéon, Saint-Michel etc. De plus le studio est typique avec des poutres apparentes et est au dernier étage d'un vieil immeuble datant de plusieurs siècles avec un escalier classé dans le patrimoine de la ville de Paris.  Ce studio est un petit triplex original qui permet de changer de pièces grâce à deux échelles (pièce à vivre au niveau de base, échelle pour monter à la mezzanine et échelle pour descendre à la salle de bain).  Il est néanmoins assez petit et deux personnes peuvent se sentir à l'étroit, mais peuvent y séjourner aisément (lit deux places). Pour une personne, ce studio est parfait, j'y vis en effet depuis un an. À
21888	The studio is located on the second floor of the building, with elevator. The main room is equipped with a small bed, which is suitable for couples, and a leather sofa may be accommodated for one extra person. Has two large windows that give a lovely view on the district. Walls and furniture are mainly white, providing a all-day luminosity.	Charming, spacious(26m2)& sunny studio near Quartier Latin, walking distance to main touristic spots (St Michel, Pantheon, NotreDame..). Next to Mouffetard, and its lovely cafés&parcs. Modern, clean, all the equipment you need for a comfortable stay. The studio is located on the second floor of the building, with elevator. The main room is equipped with a small bed, which is suitable for couples, and a leather sofa may be accommodated for one extra person. Has two large windows that give a lovely view on the district. Walls and furniture are mainly white, providing a all-day luminosity. Very fast Wi-fi (fiber) connection and free phone calls in France and abroad to all landline numbers. Apart from the bedroom, a separate kitchen, with all the needed equipment.  Very clean and modern bathroom with a bathtub. If I can't welcome you, some friends of mine will be available for the check-in and the check-out and for any question or information request. Charming sunny studio right in the cen
21889	One of the most sought districts of Paris...	Apartment completely renewed Close to Luxembourg garden, to boulevards Saint Michel and Montparnasse, at one minute of the RER B Port Royal, restaurants, cinemas, market.  Secure building (videophone, digital code) in a quiet street. SMART TV One of the most sought districts of Paris... RER B Port Royal, bus 38, 91, 83, Orly bus, direct RER to Roissy, SMART TV of last generation, connected to Internet, internet access by WIFI and wall outlet.
21890	My 2 rooms flat is perfect for a couple who want enjoy Paris peacefully. All conforts you need to spend a good stay. 	"A charming flat in the center of Paris. Near the Luxembourg garden and Notre Dame. Perfect for a couple looking for a cozy spot for a stay in Paris... ;) My 2 rooms flat is perfect for a couple who want enjoy Paris peacefully. All conforts you need to spend a good stay. Access is secured by 2 code access doors. And the flat is at the 3rd floor. I m doing the check in and check out personaly. I m living in that place since a long time and i ll give you the good tips to make your marks quickly. The neighborhood is totally parisian. You can find french bakery, grocery, supermarket (open till 1am), a market with local producers (tuesday, thursday and saturday) And of course, tens bars and restaurants around... (i ll give you the best places) The RER B line is at 3 minutes, stop call ""Port Royal"" You can catch bus lines around (lines (phone number hidden) and 91) You can go everywhere in Paris easily. You have the Luxembourg garden at 2minutes by foot... Perfect to have a break and discover"
21891	One bedroom with a queen size bed, direct access to bathroom & toilets, one Living with a convertible double bed (BZ from Ikea). fully equipped with fridge, microwave, induction cooktop, washing machine, toaster, coffee machine, hair dryer...	The small secured building is Located in one of the best area of Paris, close to many restaurants, cinemas, market and shopping. Easy access by RER B to Orly & CDG Airports. One minute from Port-Royal station, Saint-Michel & Montparnasse Boulevards. One bedroom with a queen size bed, direct access to bathroom & toilets, one Living with a convertible double bed (BZ from Ikea). fully equipped with fridge, microwave, induction cooktop, washing machine, toaster, coffee machine, hair dryer... No smoking flat We have a guest office next door in the street. The small secured building is Located in one of the best area of Paris, close to many restaurants, cinemas, market and shopping. Direct access by RER B to Orly shuttle & CDG Airport. One minute from Port-Royal station, Saint-Michel & Montparnasse Boulevards. Easy access to many historic places, Pantheon, Notre Dame, Catacombes, arènes de Lutèce... Our street is very close to Port-Royal RER B Station, (we are located less than one minute fr
21892	Ce studio est idéalement situé en plein coeur du Quartier Latin, au deuxième étage dans un bel immeuble calme avec une vue sur jardin. Totalement rénové en 2015 il bénéficie d'un équipement complet Hi-Fi Airplay, Wi-Fi haut débit, TV écran plat avec 140 chaines, Nespresso, Bouilloire, Toaster, Micro Ondes, Plaques Chauffantes, Ustensiles de cuisine, sèche cheveux, sèche serviettes... à 5 minutes à pied du Panthéon, du Jardin du Luxembourg, Métro Port Royal à 2 minutes. Le ménage est effectué lors de chaque passage par une femme de ménage. Le canapé lit est neuf (2015), draps pur coton, la couette est en plume d'oie, idem pour le deux oreillers. Nous fournissons également des draps de bain. Le studio est d'une surface de 21m2 dans un immeuble XIX ème très calme et il n'y a aucun bruit de circulation de véhicules. le studio est proche des grandes écoles, lycées et grandes universités Parisiennes, il y a de nombreux restaurants aux alentours, le quariter est très vivant.	Lovely studio in the heart of the Paris in the Quartier Latin near the University of La Sorbonne, walking distance 5 minutes from Jardin du Luxembourg and Pantheon. Totally renovated in July 2015, 2nd floor, clean, very calm and comfortable. design decoration, ideal location with garden view. Many museums, universities, parks, restaurants, shops nearby. WiFi, CABLE TV, Air Play HiFi, Fully equiped Kitchenette, clean sheets and towels provided as well as shower gel and shampoo.
21893	Located few steps from the Luxemboug garden, quite and bright apartment on the 4e floor. It sleeps 3 persons and can be described as below. Description - Living room with dining area (Dining table with chairs)  There are some comfortable armchairs,  and a coffee table. Decorative cheminey, a bench - Equiped kitchen : refrigerator, oven, boiler,dish washer,.. - The bedroom has one double bed (140 cm), side tables, a TV, ... - The bathroom has a bath, wash basin and washing machin / dryer - Independant toilets 	Located few steps from the Luxemboug garden, quite and bright apartment on the 4e floor. It sleeps 3 persons Located few steps from the Luxemboug garden, quite and bright apartment on the 4e floor. It sleeps 3 persons and can be described as below. Description - Living room with dining area (Dining table with chairs)  There are some comfortable armchairs,  and a coffee table. Decorative cheminey, a bench - Equiped kitchen : refrigerator, oven, boiler,dish washer,.. - The bedroom has one double bed (140 cm), side tables, a TV, ... - The bathroom has a bath, wash basin and washing machin / dryer - Independant toilets The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, common
21894	Dear friend, i am happy to share some valuable information about this apartment:  The apartment is cute, romantic, it contains:  living space, kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom. It is bright and cosy and you have everything you need for your holidays. It is a typical french apartment including a fire place. The apartment is equipped with a washing machine and WiFi.  It is situated in the 5th district  known as the Latin quarter just behind the Pantheon and around the corner from  one of he oldest streets in Paris, Rue Mouffetard, where you can enjoy hundreds of cafes and traditional french restaurants.  If you fancy walking and avoiding the metro or public transport this is the place to be. The apartment is just 10 min walk from the 6th district St Germain, Luxemburg Gardens, Sorbonne, just 15 min walk from the 3rd and the exciting Marais and just 5 to Notre Dame and the river Seine. You just can't be closer to all the beauty.  Will be happy have you here and enjoy your stay.  Kin	Imagine the hottest spot in Paris just around the corner from 100 of cafes, walking distance from all the sights, but still quite 30m2 charming apartment in the Latin quarter, 10 min from Sorbonne, St Germain and the Marais. 5 nights minimum stay!!! Dear friend, i am happy to share some valuable information about this apartment:  The apartment is cute, romantic, it contains:  living space, kitchen, separate bedroom and bathroom. It is bright and cosy and you have everything you need for your holidays. It is a typical french apartment including a fire place. The apartment is equipped with a washing machine and WiFi.  It is situated in the 5th district  known as the Latin quarter just behind the Pantheon and around the corner from  one of he oldest streets in Paris, Rue Mouffetard, where you can enjoy hundreds of cafes and traditional french restaurants.  If you fancy walking and avoiding the metro or public transport this is the place to be. The apartment is just 10 min walk from the 6t
21895	Un charmant studio à cinq pas de la rue Mouffetard.	Un charmant studio à cinq pas de la rue Mouffetard. L'ambiance parisienne typique! Petite précision: pour une durée supérieure à 5 jours, la caution s’élève à la moitié du prix payé.
21896		Studio de 36m2 au coeur du quartier latin, au 2ème étage. Beaucoup de charme, très lumineux, cheminée et poutres apparentes. Très calme, dans une charmante rue piétonne.  Commerces, restaurants, bars et transports à proximité.  Au cœur du quartier latin, la rue Rollin est une charmante rue piétonne perpendiculaire à la rue Monge d'un côté et donnant sur la ravissante place de la contrescarpe de l'autre. L'appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pied du Panthéon, à 10min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg et à 15 minutes à pied de Saint Michel Notre Dame.  Metro Place Monge (ligne 7)  à 30 secondes de l'appartement. Metro Cardinal Lemoine (ligne 10) à 2 min à pied.  RER B Luxembourg à 10 minutes à pied. 
21897		"For a romantic stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  In the centre of the historic "" Quartier Latin"" in the 5 arrondissement of Paris a beautiful small 1 bedroom located on a 18th building. In a confortable setting, you will appreciate the particular charm of this district, while residing in calm.  Next to the Pantheon, 10 Min walk from jardin du luxembourg,  Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, few minutes more to go to the Louvre and Opera Bastille, your romantic strolls in St Michel and St Germain des Prés district, or overlooking the Seine under the bridges of Paris will be enhanced by the exceptional situation of this apartment.  Many and various means of transport serving this very central district of Paris : Metro, Bus, the Vélib.  "
21898	At the fist floor, the apartment offers a spacious main living room, a eat-in kitchen, a bathroom with toilet,  shower and washer and a 20 m2 (215 f2) kid bedroom. The kitchen, decorated with oak beam and terracotta floor tiles, is fully equipped with vitroceramic stove, dishwasher, oven, espresso machine, large refrigerator, a Thermomix and all the cookware you will need... On the second floor you will find a 35 m2 (375 f2) master suite with its own bathroom with a toilet and a shower/bathtub . The master bedroom is an uncommon under-the-roof room with a sofa bed surrounded by large bookshelves, a plasma screen television with a DVD/BR player and a large mezzanine with a king size bed. The view of the Tour Eiffel and the Invalides from the mezzanine is breathtaking.  	2 real bedroom 2-story large and confortable penthouse atop rue Saint Jacques, between the Pantheon and the Luxembourg Gardens. Antique family flat (with all modern amenities) located to the 5th floor of a 16th century building. Have a genuine Parisian left bank experience! At the fist floor, the apartment offers a spacious main living room, a eat-in kitchen, a bathroom with toilet,  shower and washer and a 20 m2 (215 f2) kid bedroom. The kitchen, decorated with oak beam and terracotta floor tiles, is fully equipped with vitroceramic stove, dishwasher, oven, espresso machine, large refrigerator, a Thermomix and all the cookware you will need... On the second floor you will find a 35 m2 (375 f2) master suite with its own bathroom with a toilet and a shower/bathtub . The master bedroom is an uncommon under-the-roof room with a sofa bed surrounded by large bookshelves, a plasma screen television with a DVD/BR player and a large mezzanine with a king size bed. The view of the Tour Eiffel a
21899	Appartement, au centre du quartier historique de Paris, dans la rue Mouffetard, rue piétonne typiquement parisienne à quelques minutes à pieds du Panthéon, de la Mosquée de Paris, de Notre-Dame de Paris et du Jardin du Luxembourg. Charmant et idéal pour découvrir Paris ou pour un séjour professionnel. - Couchage pour deux personnes  - Equipement Cuisine équipée (four combiné micro-onde / chaleur tournante, frigo, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine)  // Flat in the center of the historic district of Paris in the rue Mouffetard, the typically Parisian pedestrian street just a few meters walk from the Pantheon, Mosquée de Paris, Notre-Dame de Paris and the Jardin du Luxembourg. Relaxing and ideal for discovering Paris or for a business trip.  - Sleeps two people  - Kitchen equipment : combined microwave / convection oven, refrigerator, toaster, coffee maker, dishes and utensils  	Studio cosy, en plein cœur du Quartier Latin de Paris, dans la fameuse rue Mouffetard. Lumineux et idéal pour découvrir Paris ou pour un séjour professionel // Charming flat in the heart of the Quartier latin. Perfect for tourism or business trip. Appartement, au centre du quartier historique de Paris, dans la rue Mouffetard, rue piétonne typiquement parisienne à quelques minutes à pieds du Panthéon, de la Mosquée de Paris, de Notre-Dame de Paris et du Jardin du Luxembourg. Charmant et idéal pour découvrir Paris ou pour un séjour professionnel. - Couchage pour deux personnes  - Equipement Cuisine équipée (four combiné micro-onde / chaleur tournante, frigo, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine)  // Flat in the center of the historic district of Paris in the rue Mouffetard, the typically Parisian pedestrian street just a few meters walk from the Pantheon, Mosquée de Paris, Notre-Dame de Paris and the Jardin du Luxembourg. Relaxing and ideal for discovering Paris or for a business trip.  - 
