24000		A well presented studio is available to rent. Located next to the Seine river and very close to the Eiffel tower and trocadero (10 minutes by bus), this lovely studio is perfect for lovers or friends.  Set on the seventh floor (with elevator), you w
24001	"The apartment is located in a typical Parisian building in what they call ""chambre de bonne"" which is where servants used to live. By complete restructuring the space is brand new yet authentic and typical at the same time, with its round windows and the roof slightly leaning :)"	"Looking for an authentic Parisian experience? My apartment is what you need! Located in the most beautiful and bourgeois neighborhood of Paris, close to Parisians' favorite shopping street (which is NOT boulevard Haussmann... ;) ), 5 minutes walking from two metro stations, my apartment is a characteristic French type of accommodation :) The apartment is located in a typical Parisian building in what they call ""chambre de bonne"" which is where servants used to live. By complete restructuring the space is brand new yet authentic and typical at the same time, with its round windows and the roof slightly leaning :) My neighborhood is populated by actual Parisian families and this allows you to have a true immersion in what French life looks like! Grocery shops, cheese shops, Boulangers at a walking distance and for the jogging lovers there is the amazing park de Boulogne at 10 minutes running distance! rue de passy is also very close and the nice stroll will drop right next to trocadero w"
24002	Beau studio idéalement placé à côté du Trocadéro. Parfait pour vos voyages d'affaires ou en amoureux, il est entièrement équipé avec cuisine et salle de bains séparée. Profitez des nombreux magasins et musées aux alentours, mais également des principales lignes de métro.	Beau studio idéalement placé à côté du Trocadéro. Parfait pour vos voyages d'affaires ou en amoureux, il est entièrement équipé avec cuisine et salle de bains séparée. Profitez des nombreux magasins et musées aux alentours, mais également des principales lignes de métro. Le logement est très fonctionnel pour 2 personnes(et une eventuelle troisième) et vous pourrez profiter de sa télévision et d'internet illimité. Il est entièrement équipé, serviettes, cafetière, grille-pain, four multi-fonctions, bouilloire. Je serai présent sur les lieux pour vous délivrer les clefs du logement donc n'hésitez pas à me poser la moindre question j'essaierai de vous conseiller au mieux. Le quartier est idéal, vous aurez accès à un centre commercial juste devant le sudio, aux principales lignes de métro(ligne 9, ligne 2, ligne 1), à de nombreux magasins de marque, de boulangeries, de musées... Les principales lignes de métro se trouvent Place du Trocadéro et Place Victor Hugo à respectivement 300 mètres c
24003		"Charming small house in backyard. Large room with a double bed. 60 square meters with individual staircase. Quiet residential area, very beautiful buildings and wide avenues, close to the Bois de Boulogne. The apartment is: - 5 min walk from the station ""Rue de la pompe"" line 9 - 5 min walk from the Bois de Boulogne - 15 minutes walk from the Trocadero"
24004	APPARTEMENT sous les toits, rue de Passy .L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très calme. Le salon/salle à manger est lumineux et agréable.  Il dispose de 3 chambres dont 2 sur cours : -une grande chambre avec un lit double de 160, une télévision et un dressing. - une chambre d'enfant avec 2 lits simples superposés - une chambre sur rue avec 1 lit simple D’une cuisine à l'américaine avec une machine à laver la vaisselle. D’une salle de bain avec une baignoire, un double lavabo, un lave-linge et un sèche-linge Dans la rue de Passy, on y trouve un cinéma, 2 supermarchés, des boulangeries/pâtisseries, restaurants, cafés, shopping, etc. ainsi que la rue piétonne de l'Annonciation ses terrasses et son (website hidden) nombreux cafés et musées se trouvent à la Place du Trocadéro avec entre autres Le Musée de l'Homme, le Musée d'Art Moderne, le Palais de Tokyo, le Musée du Vin, La maison de Balzac, le Musée Galliera... Les Métros ligne 9 et ligne 6 (juste à côté) dess	APPARTEMENT sous les toits, rue de Passy .L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très calme. Le salon/salle à manger est lumineux et agréable.  Il dispose de 3 chambres dont 2 sur cours : -une grande chambre avec un lit double de 160, une télévision et un dressing. - une chambre d'enfant avec 2 lits simples superposés - une chambre sur rue avec 1 lit simple D’une cuisine à l'américaine avec une machine à laver la vaisselle. D’une salle de bain avec une baignoire, un double lavabo, un lave-linge et un sèche-linge Dans la rue de Passy, on y trouve un cinéma, 2 supermarchés, des boulangeries/pâtisseries, restaurants, cafés, shopping, etc. ainsi que la rue piétonne de l'Annonciation ses terrasses et son (website hidden) nombreux cafés et musées se trouvent à la Place du Trocadéro avec entre autres Le Musée de l'Homme, le Musée d'Art Moderne, le Palais de Tokyo, le Musée du Vin, La maison de Balzac, le Musée Galliera... Les Métros ligne 9 et ligne 6 (juste à côté) dess
24005	Sunny and bright contemporary apartment fully equipped with large balcony which benefits from the sun all day. Close to shops and public transport and a local market area	"Spacious and contemporary one bedroom apartment five minute walk to the Eiffel tower. Fully equipped kitchen. Secure and modern building with elevator ideally situated for Metro and are RER stations. Fibre optic Internet and UK  television Sunny and bright contemporary apartment fully equipped with large balcony which benefits from the sun all day. Close to shops and public transport and a local market area We will be happy to show you around the neighbourhood and give you any advice for reservations of restaurants we can also provide babysitting or cleaning services The area is quiet and safe and is just an eight minute walk away from the Eiffel tower and other famous sites in Paris. There is a ""village"" type feel to the neighbourhood which is relaxing after the hustle and bustle of the city. Nearest metro is La Muette or the RER station Boulainvilliers"
24006	very comfortable renovated bedroom, easy access (lift inside the building)	Renovated Bedroom fully equipped with a very comfortable sofa bed, a shower, a kitchen area. Located in a very nice area of the 16 eme Arrondissement close to Le Trocadero. Situated in a  quiet street on 6th floor with a lift inside the building. very comfortable renovated bedroom, easy access (lift inside the building) In the centre of Paris close to Le Trocadero , there are nice shopping streets around:  la rue de Passy, la rue de l'Annonciation. There are also many parcs around: les jardins du Ranelagh, le Bois de Boulogne. Close to Metro Line 6 ( Station Passy), Line 9 ( Station La Muette) , REC C ( Boulainvilliers Station) and many buses around
24007	Charming 47m² apartement on ground floor, fully furnished, very confortable and clear, authentic style. It has one separated room with a double bed (clean sheets will be supplied), a large living room with a double sofa bed (2 people can confortably sleep on it) and a large flat-screen TV, a large bathroom (with a shower) with a dishwasher and a washing machine, separated toilets, and a furnished kitchen.  The apartment is on ground floor and gives to the building large private garden, with trees and flowers, very calm and sunny. The entrance is secured. The district area is really calm and secure, and there are a lot of metro/RER, bus and taxi stops all around the building, so basically it takes you 2 minutes to reach the Seine, 10 minutes for the Eiffel Tower, 20 minutes for the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe. There are also a lot of shops and restaurants near the building. Ideal for staying with friends, for couples and families etc.	Charming 2-room 47m² apartment, situated on the ground floor, opens directly on to the garden. Fully furnished and equipped, very confortable, sunny and agreable. Ideal for couples vacations or friends ! 15 minutes on foot to the Eiffel Tower. Charming 47m² apartement on ground floor, fully furnished, very confortable and clear, authentic style. It has one separated room with a double bed (clean sheets will be supplied), a large living room with a double sofa bed (2 people can confortably sleep on it) and a large flat-screen TV, a large bathroom (with a shower) with a dishwasher and a washing machine, separated toilets, and a furnished kitchen.  The apartment is on ground floor and gives to the building large private garden, with trees and flowers, very calm and sunny. The entrance is secured. The district area is really calm and secure, and there are a lot of metro/RER, bus and taxi stops all around the building, so basically it takes you 2 minutes to reach the Seine, 10 minutes for t
24008	"Apartment of 23m² on the top floor of a Haussmann building and interior side is oriented so it is very quiet. The building is located in face of the Trocadero ( Best view point to admire the Eiffel Tower),  15 minutes walk from ""Arc de Triomphe"", Champs Elysée Avenue. accommodation is fully equipped : Coffee , Tea , blender to make smoothies , dryer, washing machine, induction cooking , fridge, microwave, oven, exhaust fan , light dimmer , very comfortable king size bed, radiator , TV, internet, wifi."	"Hello ! I am maxim and I suggest you stay for at this beautiful luxury apartment. The apartment has just been renovated. Apartment of 23m² on the top floor of a Haussmann building and interior side is oriented so it is very quiet. The building is located in face of the Trocadero ( Best view point to admire the Eiffel Tower),  15 minutes walk from ""Arc de Triomphe"", Champs Elysée Avenue. accommodation is fully equipped : Coffee , Tea , blender to make smoothies , dryer, washing machine, induction cooking , fridge, microwave, oven, exhaust fan , light dimmer , very comfortable king size bed, radiator , TV, internet, wifi. You will have full access to the apartment : Room, kitchen and bathroom. I can introduce you to the events and suggests you the most beautiful place of Paris . There will be documents of the tourist office and a city map available. Housing is 2 minutes walk from the Trocadero metro (line 6 and 9) , there are tourist buses and taxis on the square."
24009		A lovely flat near the eiffel tower and next to the biggest park in Paris (Le parc du bois de Boulogne). Kitchen, shower INSIDE the room, double bed. Room is available in june/july/August. couples accepted. Wifi Petit studio - métro porte dauphine
24010		Luxueux hôtel particulier haussmannien de 320m2 avec 4m sous plafond et un jardin privatif de 280m2 équipé d'un spa exterieur. Calme et ensoleillé. Situé au coeur du très chic 16ème arrondissement, à deux pas de la rue de Passy et du bois de Boulogne Alarme et vidéo surveillance.
24011	Charming flat, just renewed, in the 16ème arrondissement near the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. The apartment is well situated, surrounded by a lot of shops (rue de Passy) and very good restaurants. Subway is 100 meters away from the apartment. There are 3 different lines close to it: La Muette, line 9, Bougainvilliers RER C or Passy line 6. It is also near the Bois de Boulogne to go running or to have a walk (Lac inférieur, Lac supérieur). The appartment is also very close to Roland Garros! The flat is new and very bright : it has two big windows. It is on the second floor. The apartment has a living room, a separated bedroom (Queen size bed), a kitchen and a bathroom.  The kitchen is well fitted: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, refrigerator/freezer... Wifi is also fully available, and free of charge. This loft is the perfect place to enjoy your stay and visit Paris! :)	A superb loft near the Eiffel Tower and Roland Garros ! The perfect place for the best stay in Paris ! :) Charming flat, just renewed, in the 16ème arrondissement near the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. The apartment is well situated, surrounded by a lot of shops (rue de Passy) and very good restaurants. Subway is 100 meters away from the apartment. There are 3 different lines close to it: La Muette, line 9, Bougainvilliers RER C or Passy line 6. It is also near the Bois de Boulogne to go running or to have a walk (Lac inférieur, Lac supérieur). The appartment is also very close to Roland Garros! The flat is new and very bright : it has two big windows. It is on the second floor. The apartment has a living room, a separated bedroom (Queen size bed), a kitchen and a bathroom.  The kitchen is well fitted: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, refrigerator/freezer... Wifi is also fully available, and free of charge. This loft is the perfect place to enjoy your stay and visit Paris! :)
24012	Dear guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US.  I'm very proud to introduce you my all new remodeled flat in trocadero and Eiffel tower area in Paris.  We have a great view of Eiffel tower in the balcony. 45 m2. the flat is decorated with sophisticated French antic style. 5th floor with elevator 5m from Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro we are 30 seconde from the metro station trocadéro line 6. more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER.  Trocadéro is most important sightseeing of Paris for the view of Eiffel tower. Fully equipped just bought. we have everything you would need. linens,towels, wifim tv, DVD, kitchen waves, coffee maker, hot water, washer and dryer etc.. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a cl	A amazing Eiffel tower view flat in trocadéro area flat.  Dear guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US.  I'm very proud to introduce you my all new remodeled flat in trocadero and Eiffel tower area in Paris.  We have a great view of Eiffel tower in the balcony. 45 m2. the flat is decorated with sophisticated French antic style. 5th floor with elevator 5m from Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro we are 30 seconde from the metro station trocadéro line 6. more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER.  Trocadéro is most important sightseeing of Paris for the view of Eiffel tower. Fully equipped just bought. we have everything you would need. linens,towels, wifim tv, DVD, kitchen waves, coffee maker, hot water, washer and dryer etc.. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take
24013	This gorgeous 110 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms and a spacious living / dining room with very impressive volumes. It will accommodate up to four people. The entrance hall will immediately strike you with its size and its furnishings. Very high ceiling, wooden floor, moldings, some beautiful antique pieces and a huge mirror almost reaching the ceiling to welcome you, what a great preamble to begin you stay ! You will then enter the living-room, spacious, bright with soft colors. This room is also quiet, you will feel a sense of serenity here, when comfortably installed on the sofa or in the lovely old style armchairs, surrounded by just enough fine antique pieces of furniture and paintings. The dining room with an open fitted kitchen area comes next. It is well separated from the living area and open on the rest of the room. Three people can sit on stools and enjoy the marble countertop. The dining table can accommodate four guests, you can install extensions if needed. The fi	       High standing 110 sqm 2-bedroom 2-bathroom apartment to rent for four people in the 16th district of Paris, beautiful features, high ceilings, impressive volumes, well located close to metro and RER stations. This gorgeous 110 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms and a spacious living / dining room with very impressive volumes. It will accommodate up to four people. The entrance hall will immediately strike you with its size and its furnishings. Very high ceiling, wooden floor, moldings, some beautiful antique pieces and a huge mirror almost reaching the ceiling to welcome you, what a great preamble to begin you stay ! You will then enter the living-room, spacious, bright with soft colors. This room is also quiet, you will feel a sense of serenity here, when comfortably installed on the sofa or in the lovely old style armchairs, surrounded by just enough fine antique pieces of furniture and paintings. The dining room with an open fitted kitchen area comes next. It is well sep
24014		This cute apartment of 70 sqm is located just 2 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower in a private street. It has two bedrooms and can accomodate up to 4 persons. Fashionable shopping district and restaurants of Champs Elysées just 5 mns by metro. 
24015	Clean fully furnished studio apartment in one of the most affluent and prestigious residential areas in France. - An open kitchen fully equipped  - A living room with a big sofa and table - High speed WIFI - A bathroom with a bathtub/shower and a washing / laundry machine  - Towels and linens are provided Close to all Beautiful Champs élysées, Shops, Restaurants, Bars, Night life - but the street and building are really calm.	Beautiful, quiet, light filled & fully furnished studio with balcony in the 16th Arrondissement (Arrondissement de Passy) Located on the Rue Eugène Delacroix, 75116. 2 mins walk to the Rue de la Pompe Line 9 Metro. Unbeatable location! Clean fully furnished studio apartment in one of the most affluent and prestigious residential areas in France. - An open kitchen fully equipped  - A living room with a big sofa and table - High speed WIFI - A bathroom with a bathtub/shower and a washing / laundry machine  - Towels and linens are provided Close to all Beautiful Champs élysées, Shops, Restaurants, Bars, Night life - but the street and building are really calm. The 16th is the largest arrondissement in Paris, slightly more than half of which consists of the Bois de Boulogne park.  The 16th arrondissement includes a concentration of museums between the Place du Trocadéro (across the Seine from the Eiffel Tower) and the Place d'Iéna. Along with several large sporting venues, including: the P
24016	Very sunny flat, luminous and relaxing. Highly secure flat (2 Gardiens and 3 Digi-code opener)  A great area with the most top spot to visit and all you need around as restaurants, shopping center, cinemas, pharmacies, parks... In the flat you will find everything you need to make your stay confortable	Welcome Home  A great address to visit PARIS or for business. An inspiring flat 60m2 with all accommodations around close to top spots A double living room, a bedroom with huge TV, a relaxing bathroom and a kitchen. Very luminous on the 6th floor. Very sunny flat, luminous and relaxing. Highly secure flat (2 Gardiens and 3 Digi-code opener)  A great area with the most top spot to visit and all you need around as restaurants, shopping center, cinemas, pharmacies, parks... In the flat you will find everything you need to make your stay confortable You have accès to the entire flat. You will be assisted during your stay if you need it. Do not hesitate to ask any question, I would be happy to help you. The area is great and safe. You are situated métro Argentine and have accès to all main parts of Paris. You are on the Arc de triomphe and the Champs Elysees 8 minutes walking distance. You are close to porte Maillot and can go to exhibitions, cinema or watch shows in Palais des Congrès. Par
24017	Ce logement est dans un quartier ultra calme et résidentiel des plus recherché à Paris permettant de faire shopping,balade au bois,accéder aux bords de seine .Sol en parquet,salle de bain ,wc,cuisine séparée,chambre et grand salon comportant un couchage additionnel .	A 10 min de la tour Eiffel,du Trocadero, quartier très résidentiel ,appartement   de 63m2 très calme et lumineux donnant sur un grand jardin ,proche de nombreux commerces ,grand salon,une chambre avec un lit 2 personnes ,un couchage d'une personne pièce séparée ,cuisine,sdb,wc ,séparée .Equipé wifi . Ce logement est dans un quartier ultra calme et résidentiel des plus recherché à Paris permettant de faire shopping,balade au bois,accéder aux bords de seine .Sol en parquet,salle de bain ,wc,cuisine séparée,chambre et grand salon comportant un couchage additionnel . Proche métro accès facile ,immeuble avec accès sécurisée par digit code ,gardienne. Appartement au coeur du 16 eme très résidentiel à 2 pas de la tour Eiffel,du  Trocadero et du quartier Passy ,idéal pour un shopping très parisien .  Marché en semaine ,nombreux commerçants et restaurants .A 5 min du bois de boulogne. Accès par le métro station Ranelagh  ,ascenseur,gardienne,digit code. Appartements équipé WI FI ,télévision par
24018	Il se compose d'une pièce principale et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine tout équipée séparée.(plaque vitro céramique,micro ondes, frigo, lave-linge). Un canapé lit BZ (matelot Simons 140x190) , une armoire, une télévision écran plat et accès internet, un bureau. Centre commercial et toutes commodités à deux pas. Pas d'animaux. Appartement non fumeur.	Studio idéalement situé dans une rue privée au rez-de-chaussée d'une cour claire et calme à 5mn à pied du Trocadéro. Il se compose d'une pièce principale et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine tout équipée séparée.(plaque vitro céramique,micro ondes, frigo, lave-linge). Un canapé lit BZ (matelot Simons 140x190) , une armoire, une télévision écran plat et accès internet, un bureau. Centre commercial et toutes commodités à deux pas. Pas d'animaux. Appartement non fumeur. Situation idéale pour tourisme et shopping A proximité du Trocadéro (ligne 6) et de la Rue de la pompe (ligne 9) 
24019	"The apartement is confortable for 2 people.The room is made up of a double bed 2 places, the kitchen is entirely arranged (oven, microwaves, plates, refrigerator, freezer…), the bathroom is equipped with a bath-tub, the living room has of a “corner dinner” and a “corner living room”. The whole is nicely decorated. The flat s surface is 50 m2 L'appartement est fait pour 2 personnes. La chambre est composée d'un grand lit 2 places, la cuisine est entièrement aménagée (four, micro-ondes, plaques, frigidaire, congélateur...), la salle de bains est équipée d'une baignoire, le salon dispose d'un ""coin diner ""  et d'un ""coin salon"" . Le tout est joliment décoré.l appartement fait 50m2"	"Pretty 2 parts located Paris 16th at the ground floor on court, 1 beautiful room, 1 large living room, 1 arranged kitchen and 1 sdb. Parquet flooring, pretty decoration, located subway 9 rue de la pompe at 2 stations of the trocadéro. Calm district First day, breakfast is  offer! The apartement is confortable for 2 people.The room is made up of a double bed 2 places, the kitchen is entirely arranged (oven, microwaves, plates, refrigerator, freezer…), the bathroom is equipped with a bath-tub, the living room has of a “corner dinner” and a “corner living room”. The whole is nicely decorated. The flat s surface is 50 m2 L'appartement est fait pour 2 personnes. La chambre est composée d'un grand lit 2 places, la cuisine est entièrement aménagée (four, micro-ondes, plaques, frigidaire, congélateur...), la salle de bains est équipée d'une baignoire, le salon dispose d'un ""coin diner ""  et d'un ""coin salon"" . Le tout est joliment décoré.l appartement fait 50m2 2 TVS with chains Internet, wifi"
24020	This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Passy area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a 1930's building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. The apartment features Wengé parquet floors, a window and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffe-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable channels is available. The court-side apartment is exposed South. Please note that the toilet is electric.	This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Passy area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a 1930'S building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. The studio is fully furnished an equipped. This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Passy area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a 1930's building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. The apartment features Wengé parquet floors, a window and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffe-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable channels is available. The court-side apartment is exposed South. Please note that the toilet is electric. Guest will have access to the whole apartment. I will be happy to welcome
24021	"Dans le"" village d'Auteuil ""Appartement entièrement rénové de 90M2 au 7ème étage avec vue sur PARIS et tour Eiffel.  Terrasse aménagée de 25 m2 ensoleillée sans aucun vis à vis dans rue calme en plein coeur du"" village d'Auteuil"" Salon très confortable avec accès à la terrasse par grandes baies vitrée . Salle à manger séparée ,avec accès et vue  terrasse également,équipée d'une Tv grand écran plat  avec accès wifi, console de jeux, lecteur DVD. Cuisine équipée-plaque à induction, four, grille pain, frigo, congélateur, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge. Salon plus salle à manger donnant sur terrasse.  2 chambres  sur balcon filant avec lits 160X200 toutes deux équipées de penderies,  aucun vis à vis  vue sur ""hôtels .particuliers"".Les 2 chambres sont équipées de TV WC indépendants Parking dans l'immeuble"	"4 pièces de  90m2 avec terrasse plein soleil de 25 m2 au 7ème étage dans rue calme du ""village d'Auteuil"" .  Proche Roland Garros et Parc des Princes. Salon +salle à manger sur terrasse. Cuisine américaine équipée. Les 2 chambres donnent sur balcon côté jardin avec salle de bain +douche. Parking Dans le"" village d'Auteuil ""Appartement entièrement rénové de 90M2 au 7ème étage avec vue sur PARIS et tour Eiffel.  Terrasse aménagée de 25 m2 ensoleillée sans aucun vis à vis dans rue calme en plein coeur du"" village d'Auteuil"" Salon très confortable avec accès à la terrasse par grandes baies vitrée . Salle à manger séparée ,avec accès et vue  terrasse également,équipée d'une Tv grand écran plat  avec accès wifi, console de jeux, lecteur DVD. Cuisine équipée-plaque à induction, four, grille pain, frigo, congélateur, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge. Salon plus salle à manger donnant sur terrasse.  2 chambres  sur balcon filant avec lits 160X200 toutes deux équipées de penderies,  aucun v"
24022		Appartement dans un immeuble de grand standing sur la Seine à 800 m de la TOUR EIFFEL. Vue imprenable sur la Seine, proche Passy et ses magasins, marché de Passy, Trocadéro, musée du Quai Branly,
24023	Bienvenue dans mon bel appartement de 45m2 ! Idéalement situé, à 300 mètres des stations Charles de Gaule Etoile (Ligne 1,2 6 et RER A), Kleber (ligne 6), Boissière (ligne 6), il se trouve dans un immeuble Haussmanien.  L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Il y a :- une chambre avec un lit rond (2 mètres de diamètre), de grands placards et un petit bureau.- un salon avec 2 canapés avec TV plasma- une cuisine toute équipée : machine à laver, four, micro-onde, machine nespresso, bouilloire, mixeur... et tout ce dont vous auriez besoin pour cuisiner- une salle de bain avec toilettes et douche- Fer à repasser- Wifi- Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis.Le quartier est très sécurisé. Tous les commerces sont dans la rue (boulangerie, supermarché, boucherie, pressing, pharmacie,). Je serai heureux de vous donner des conseils sur les meilleurs endroits!Vous pourrez facilement vous déplacer dans tout Paris grâce aux nombreuses possibilités de transport en commun ou faire de bell	Bienvenue dans mon bel appartement de 50m2 ! Idéalement situé,à 300 mètres des stations Charles de Gaule Etoile (Ligne 1,2 6 et RER A), Kleber (ligne 6), Boissière (ligne 6), il se trouve dans un immeuble Haussmanien. L'appartement est très agréable  Bienvenue dans mon bel appartement de 45m2 ! Idéalement situé, à 300 mètres des stations Charles de Gaule Etoile (Ligne 1,2 6 et RER A), Kleber (ligne 6), Boissière (ligne 6), il se trouve dans un immeuble Haussmanien.  L'appartement est très agréable à vivre. Il y a :- une chambre avec un lit rond (2 mètres de diamètre), de grands placards et un petit bureau.- un salon avec 2 canapés avec TV plasma- une cuisine toute équipée : machine à laver, four, micro-onde, machine nespresso, bouilloire, mixeur... et tout ce dont vous auriez besoin pour cuisiner- une salle de bain avec toilettes et douche- Fer à repasser- Wifi- Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis.Le quartier est très sécurisé. Tous les commerces sont dans la rue (boulange
24024	Typical Parisian studio from the 30’s, totally refurbished early 2015 with new kitchen, bathroom, furniture and decor. All equipped in a calm very well kept and building with super/guardian, entry code and lift.  Underground is 2mn away, The Eiffel Tower is 15mn away, many museums around and a local supermarket open until 9pm. Ideal place to chill and relax after a busy day visiting Paris. Located in an historical, cultural and touristic neighbourhood.	Typical Parisian studio from the 30’s. All equipped in a calm very well kept and building with super/guardian, entry code and lift.  Underground is 2mn away, The Eiffel Tower is 15mn away, many museums around and a local supermarket open late. Typical Parisian studio from the 30’s, totally refurbished early 2015 with new kitchen, bathroom, furniture and decor. All equipped in a calm very well kept and building with super/guardian, entry code and lift.  Underground is 2mn away, The Eiffel Tower is 15mn away, many museums around and a local supermarket open until 9pm. Ideal place to chill and relax after a busy day visiting Paris. Located in an historical, cultural and touristic neighbourhood. First breakfast is provided in the booking. Towels, sheet and bathroom products as well. We can advise you about your visits, outings and recommend our favourite restaurants. The neighbourhood is busy and touristic close to Trocadéro but quieter in the backstreets. You will find astonishing private
24025	Cozy and refined atmosphere ideally located high-end equipment ; Nespresso machine capsules supplied microwave washing machine High quality bedding refrigerator Hot plate Crockery quality Towels and sheets provided	50 m from the Trocadéro , very nice new studio fully equipped and very comfortable : finely decorated , upscale , very beautiful in a secure residence, you will be warmly welcomed and will be guided to the best sites of the district ( Eiffel Tower) Cozy and refined atmosphere ideally located high-end equipment ; Nespresso machine capsules supplied microwave washing machine High quality bedding refrigerator Hot plate Crockery quality Towels and sheets provided The guests parisians native are living near the studio , and will be happy to show you the best of Paris and the sites where tourists are rare You are in the heard of Paris with many facilities laike post office 50 meter , supermarket down to the studio and many sites . You have Trocadero metro station at 50 meters and many buses down the studio located  50 meters from the Place du trocadero and Eiffel Tower , you can visit the tourist sites that are nearby on foot, the Champs Elysees , place de l'etoile , the palace of tokyo, nav
24026	Ideal for a couple with one or two children, the apartment is on the third walk-up floor of a beautiful 19th Century building with security code and interphone. It is about 125 square meters large, with beautiful original oak parquet flooring, elaborate plaster mouldings and marble fireplaces. The many large windows in the living areas are all south-east facing and the apartment is bathed in sunlight from late morning to mid-afternoon. The apartment has been entirely renovated with great style and decorated with antiques and beautiful original artwork. You enter the apartment into a spacious entrance hallway which gives on to the double living room, the kitchen, the guest bathroom and children's bedroom. Going through the double French doors next to the windows, you come to a private TV/ reading room/office area, where you can get cosy and flip through the numerous art books, watch a video, a news show or catch up on some mails. This room gives access to the Master/Parents bedroom with	Large, classical Parisian apartment in the Haussmann style. With its beautiful art, tasteful decoration combined with its ideal location in the very Bourgeois 16th arrondissement of Paris near the Eiffel tower, it is a perfect choice for a family who Ideal for a couple with one or two children, the apartment is on the third walk-up floor of a beautiful 19th Century building with security code and interphone. It is about 125 square meters large, with beautiful original oak parquet flooring, elaborate plaster mouldings and marble fireplaces. The many large windows in the living areas are all south-east facing and the apartment is bathed in sunlight from late morning to mid-afternoon. The apartment has been entirely renovated with great style and decorated with antiques and beautiful original artwork. You enter the apartment into a spacious entrance hallway which gives on to the double living room, the kitchen, the guest bathroom and children's bedroom. Going through the double French doo
24027	Appartement of 75m², with a large balcony. Warm and friendly with a privileged position in one of the most elegant district of Paris. Ideal for friends and familly ( possibility to add a child bed).  There is a bathroom, separate toilet with hand washing, and a fitted kitchen. 	 Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a Parisian experience, the Effeil tower and Arc de Triomphe are at 10 minutes’ walk.  Cosy, stylish and quiet apartment in a peaceful and charming residence, in the 16th disctrict. You have Appartement of 75m², with a large balcony. Warm and friendly with a privileged position in one of the most elegant district of Paris. Ideal for friends and familly ( possibility to add a child bed).  There is a bathroom, separate toilet with hand washing, and a fitted kitchen. Acces to all the equipments and appliances in the kitchen, bathroom and livingroom.  High capacity storage. If you need more information and details, do not hesitate to contact me. I also have done a book concerning equipment of the apartment , about neighborhood ( supermarket, pharmacy, transport, timetables ..), touristic visits and museums. This is a calm and good area because you can do a lot of things, just by walk ! Trocadéro is 5min, Tour Eiffel and Arc de Tri
24028	Dans un environnement privilégié, cet appartement sur trois niveaux est conçu comme une véritable maison. Situé au cœur d’une résidence verdoyante, au calme absolu, on y accède depuis un escalier extérieur. Au deuxième étage : le vaste salon/salle-à-manger aux beaux volumes et avec une grande hauteur sous plafond est baigné de lumière. Il dispose de huit doubles fenêtres ainsi que d’une cheminée fonctionnelle. La cuisine toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro ondes) communique avec une petite terrasse plantée, idéale pour les petits-déjeuners. Dans l’aile du bâtiment, une salle de bains avec baignoire et une chambre d’enfant donnent sur une cour au calme. Au troisième étage, une grande chambre aux allures de cabane scandinave domine les toits de la ville et donne accès à une large terrasse.	Comme une maison en plein Paris ! Au cœur du village d’Auteuil, dans un quartier chic et privilégié à 5 minutes des quais et de la Tour Eiffel, vous vous sentirez tout de suite chez vous dans notre appartement cosy baigné de lumière, rare à Paris ! Dans un environnement privilégié, cet appartement sur trois niveaux est conçu comme une véritable maison. Situé au cœur d’une résidence verdoyante, au calme absolu, on y accède depuis un escalier extérieur. Au deuxième étage : le vaste salon/salle-à-manger aux beaux volumes et avec une grande hauteur sous plafond est baigné de lumière. Il dispose de huit doubles fenêtres ainsi que d’une cheminée fonctionnelle. La cuisine toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro ondes) communique avec une petite terrasse plantée, idéale pour les petits-déjeuners. Dans l’aile du bâtiment, une salle de bains avec baignoire et une chambre d’enfant donnent sur une cour au calme. Au troisième étage, une grande chambre aux allures de cabane scandinave domine les 
24029	Quartier agréable situé proche du metro Rue de la Pompe et de la Tour Eiffel ( 7 minutes à pied). Rue commerçante : Franprix, Monoprix, la poste,  boulangeries,  de nombreux restaurants et bistrots.	Entièrement équipé : wifi, frigo, plaques de cuisson, micro ondes, sèche cheveux, savon et shampoing, drap de lit. Le studio se trouve au 6ème étages sans l'ascenseur avec le vu sur la tour Eiffel. Quartier agréable situé proche du metro Rue de la Pompe et de la Tour Eiffel ( 7 minutes à pied). Rue commerçante : Franprix, Monoprix, la poste,  boulangeries,  de nombreux restaurants et bistrots. Quartier agréable situé proche du metro Rue de la Pompe et de la Tour Eiffel ( 7 minutes à pied). Rue commerçante : Franprix, Monoprix, la poste,  boulangeries, banques,  de nombreux restaurants et bistrots. Accès très facile :  - La ligne 9  de métro Rue de la Pompe ( deux minutes), RER C Boulainvilliers   - Le bus ( 63, 52) - Plusieurs stations de vélo à proximité.
24030	Centrally located on Trocadero and its famous view of the Eiffel Tower, this charming studio can accommodate up to 2 guests. From Trocadero where one can enjoy breakfast on a terrace, and within 10 minutes, our guests can reach the historical monuments and sites of the capital such as the Arc de Triomphe on the Champs Elysees, the Louvre museum, or even a romantic dinner in Saint Germain. The studio itself is on the first floor of a residential building with elevator, concierge, and 24-hour security. It is a modern place, recently renovated with en-suite bathroom, TV, mini-bar, and a kitchenette. Linen is provided and all guests are welcome with fresh towels. If you have any question, feel free to get in touch. We look forward to hosting you soon !	Charming place centrally locating in the most romantic city Centrally located on Trocadero and its famous view of the Eiffel Tower, this charming studio can accommodate up to 2 guests. From Trocadero where one can enjoy breakfast on a terrace, and within 10 minutes, our guests can reach the historical monuments and sites of the capital such as the Arc de Triomphe on the Champs Elysees, the Louvre museum, or even a romantic dinner in Saint Germain. The studio itself is on the first floor of a residential building with elevator, concierge, and 24-hour security. It is a modern place, recently renovated with en-suite bathroom, TV, mini-bar, and a kitchenette. Linen is provided and all guests are welcome with fresh towels. If you have any question, feel free to get in touch. We look forward to hosting you soon ! During your stay, we are available in case you need assistance with the studio or simply some recommendations for visiting or going out. This neighbourhood is unique for its locatio
24031	"Chambre de bonne studio apartment has best location and price/convenience of a hostel. Breakfast, AMAZING location-Location-LOCATION, & no need to take your things out of apartment while you tour Paris during the day!!! Check out my guidebook on airbnb for things to do while in Paris. Small, bright studio apartment with futon sofa/bed comfortable for 2 on 6th floor with elevator in building. Secure door key entry of building with triple lock apartment door. Building is right by the Flame of Liberty (""Princess Lady Diana's Flame"") and also next to the Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris and the Museum of Modern & Contemporary Art (Palais de Tokyo). Famous Hop-On/Hop-Off city sightseeing bus tour passes the apt, sight C on tour. Best to get on at Eiffel Tower (stop 1) or Grand Palais (stop 8) on the tour. Both are 5-8min walk from apartment. 10 minutes walk to/from the Arc de Triomphe on Champs-Elysees in Paris center (upper end) or Place de la Concorde, jardin Tuilieries & Louvre "	"Chambre de bonne studio apartment has best location and price/convenience of a hostel. Breakfast, AMAZING location-Location-LOCATION, & no need to take your things out of apartment while you tour Paris during the day!!! Check out my guidebook on airbnb for things to do while in Paris. Small, bright studio apartment with futon sofa/bed comfortable for 2 on 6th floor with elevator in building. Secure door key entry of building with triple lock apartment door. Building is right by the Flame of Liberty (""Princess Lady Diana's Flame"") and also next to the Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris and the Museum of Modern & Contemporary Art (Palais de Tokyo). Famous Hop-On/Hop-Off city sightseeing bus tour passes the apt, sight C on tour. Best to get on at Eiffel Tower (stop 1) or Grand Palais (stop 8) on the tour. Both are 5-8min walk from apartment. 10 minutes walk to/from the Arc de Triomphe on Champs-Elysees in Paris center (upper end) or Place de la Concorde, jardin Tuilieries & Louvre "
24032	The apartment consists of 2 Queen size sleeping accommodations which sleeps 4 adults comfortably. A queen bed in the bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa in the living. The kitchen is fully stocked with all your kitchen needs. Dishes, glasses, stove/oven, laundry machine, dishwasher. No Smoking and No Pets.	"Charming, newly renovated and fully equipped one bedroom apartment that offers an ideal accommodation choice in the very center of Paris, the ""Quartier Passy"". This accommodation is new on Airbnb, this low price is a launch price and it will not last The apartment consists of 2 Queen size sleeping accommodations which sleeps 4 adults comfortably. A queen bed in the bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa in the living. The kitchen is fully stocked with all your kitchen needs. Dishes, glasses, stove/oven, laundry machine, dishwasher. No Smoking and No Pets. Explore the surrounding neighborhood in the 16th arrondissement to find iconic Parisian landmarks like the Trocadéro with palais de Chaillot that overlooks the nearby Eiffel Tower, the Marmottan Monet Museum and the renowned Rue de l'Annonciation market street. The list of attractions located within walking distance or just a short Metro wide away will surely keep any high-energy traveler busy for days. The best way to get around Paris is o"
24033	This 93sq.meter just renovated appartment is located in the best part of the prestigious and safe 16e arrondissement de Paris.  It is on the 2nd floor of a well maintened building with elevator, where the new sound-isolated windows provide the necessary silence for you to relax after a long day.  It can fit 2 to 5 people. Ideal for a family with children. It has Wifi.  There is a wide living room with with 2 sofas (not sofas beds), dinner table, Sonos Hifi. Additionally, the unusual spacious kitchen has all necessary equipment for the preparation of breakfast or a meal. It is very fonctional and fully equipped : big fridge and freezer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, toaster, plates, cutleries , glasses... A washing machine is available. 3 bedrooms The bathroom has a big mirror. There is a bath (where you can also have shower!).  Everything that a traveler is looking for is there,... walking distance!!! The metro rue de la Pompe is just 150 meters away, three boulangeri	This 93sq.meter just renovated appartment is located in the best part of the prestigious and safe 16e arrondissement de Paris.  10 minutes walking distance from Eiffel Tower / Trocadéro. This 93sq.meter just renovated appartment is located in the best part of the prestigious and safe 16e arrondissement de Paris.  It is on the 2nd floor of a well maintened building with elevator, where the new sound-isolated windows provide the necessary silence for you to relax after a long day.  It can fit 2 to 5 people. Ideal for a family with children. It has Wifi.  There is a wide living room with with 2 sofas (not sofas beds), dinner table, Sonos Hifi. Additionally, the unusual spacious kitchen has all necessary equipment for the preparation of breakfast or a meal. It is very fonctional and fully equipped : big fridge and freezer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, toaster, plates, cutleries , glasses... A washing machine is available. 3 bedrooms The bathroom has a big mirror. There i
24034	Proximité Tour Eiffel - Arc de Triomphe - Centre des congrès. Refait entièrement neuf.	Superbe deux pièces refait neuf et idéalement situé entre les places Victor Hugo et du Trocadéro. Appartement entièrement équipé de 30 m^2 constitué d'une chambre indépendante, d'une salle de bain et d'une cuisine américaine donnant sur une pièce à vivre. Proximité immédiate des lignes 2, 9 et bus 52. Proximité Tour Eiffel - Arc de Triomphe - Centre des congrès. Refait entièrement neuf. Appartement en entier et entièrement équipé. Avec plaisir ! Ligne 2 : Victor Hugo Ligne 9 : Trocadéro Bus 52. : Place Jean Monet
24035	Charming and comfortable flat, walking distance from Trocadero.  One bedroom has a king-size bed and another one a bunk bed, ideal for kids.  The kitchen is sunny, spacious and fully equipped (stove, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine). It has a small table with three bar stools. Living room: comfortable sofa, coffee table, TV and hifi, dining table for 6/8. Lots of books. Bathroom: has a bathtub, a window and is very spacious.  The toilet is conveniently located next to the two bedrooms.	Charming and comfortable flat, 10 min walk from Trocadero, not far from Champs Elysée. Two bedrooms, 70sqm, easily houses 4 people. Children-friendly, in a calm area, close to the metro (lines 9 and 2) and the bus (52). Charming and comfortable flat, walking distance from Trocadero.  One bedroom has a king-size bed and another one a bunk bed, ideal for kids.  The kitchen is sunny, spacious and fully equipped (stove, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine). It has a small table with three bar stools. Living room: comfortable sofa, coffee table, TV and hifi, dining table for 6/8. Lots of books. Bathroom: has a bathtub, a window and is very spacious.  The toilet is conveniently located next to the two bedrooms. The guests will have access to the entire apartment. I will be away during the time of your stay but I'll be happy to help with all queries by email or text. Just around the corner there is a pharmacy, a small coffee shop and an excellent bakery where one can also have lunch. Supe
24036	"Lovingly decorated, this vacation has been completely renovated and modernized with a very warm  ""primitive arts"" touch. Just a stone’s-throw away from Place Trocadero, facing the Eiffel Tower, this beautiful studio  is the ideal accommodation for a couple. Located on the ground floor of a typical Parisian building in a very peaceful dead end street, this vacation is a good choice for anyone with trouble walking or climbing stairs. The neighborhood around the apartment is quiet and very “bourgeois” but once you get down Avenue Paul Doumer just a block away from Place Trocadero, you will enjoy the pleasure of having a drink in one of the sunny terraces. Café Carette, Le Malakoff, Café de l’Homme facing the Eiffel Tour, the choice is hard… The studio consists of a single room that serves as bedroom and living/dining area, a separate and fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. The living room has a comfortable leather sofa that can pull out for a very comfortable bed wit"	"Rent this holiday studio and benefit from all of the pleasures of being just a stone’s-throw away from Place Trocadero, facing the Eiffel Tower. Just at metro Trocadero, this beautiful Paris studio apartment is the ideal accommodation for a couple. Lovingly decorated, this vacation has been completely renovated and modernized with a very warm  ""primitive arts"" touch. Just a stone’s-throw away from Place Trocadero, facing the Eiffel Tower, this beautiful studio  is the ideal accommodation for a couple. Located on the ground floor of a typical Parisian building in a very peaceful dead end street, this vacation is a good choice for anyone with trouble walking or climbing stairs. The neighborhood around the apartment is quiet and very “bourgeois” but once you get down Avenue Paul Doumer just a block away from Place Trocadero, you will enjoy the pleasure of having a drink in one of the sunny terraces. Café Carette, Le Malakoff, Café de l’Homme facing the Eiffel Tour, the choice is hard… The"
24037	Au coeur du quartier de Passy et de sa rue animée, l'appartement est pour autant très calme puisqu'il est situé dans une petite impasse privée.	"If you want to live ""à la Parisienne"", this flat is made for you ! Located in the cutest discrict ( Passy), 7mn from Eiffel Tower, and 10mn from the Champs Elysées, this charming apartment can welcome 4 adults. And we have air conditioning :)"
24038		Au sein d'un immeuble de grand standing dont l'accès est sécurisé (gardien, digicode et badge d'accès). Studio de 13 m² entièrement refait à neuf, clair et calme. 5min à pied de La Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées ! Vivez l'expérience Parisienne !
24039	Unique location in Paris Easy to move eveyrwhere (metro, taxi, bus...) Champs Elysees at walking distance less then 1 km Shops and restaurants all over	Well connected beautiful  flat in Paris at Trocadero with the view of Eiffel Tower and other monuments. Unique location in Paris Easy to move eveyrwhere (metro, taxi, bus...) Champs Elysees at walking distance less then 1 km Shops and restaurants all over Possibility to arrange pick up and drop to the airport at competitive cost.  Advice for moving in the city. Very green and quiet neibourghood. Walking distance to the forest Bois de Boulogne, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Petit Palais, Concorde. Bus - Metro - taxi
24040	L'appartement est très lumineux, grâce à la baie vitrée du salon et a été récemment refait à neuf récemment. Il Possède une salle de bain/douche à l'Italienne, une cuisine équipée de four+plaque vitro-céramique. 2 chambres, dont une en mezzanine à laquelle on accède par l'escalier. Chacune équipée d'un vrai lit double. Parfait pour deux couples ou un couple avec enfant.	L'appartement est particulièrement chaleureux et reposant, idéal ceux qui cherchent un petit nid Charmant et Ensoleillé pour visiter Paris. Le quartier calme est à deux pas de la rue de Passy ou vous pourrez profiter du marché et des commerçants. L'appartement est très lumineux, grâce à la baie vitrée du salon et a été récemment refait à neuf récemment. Il Possède une salle de bain/douche à l'Italienne, une cuisine équipée de four+plaque vitro-céramique. 2 chambres, dont une en mezzanine à laquelle on accède par l'escalier. Chacune équipée d'un vrai lit double. Parfait pour deux couples ou un couple avec enfant. Situé dans le 16ème arrondissement, quartier historiquement calme et bourgeois, il est à deux pas de la rue de passy. Vous y trouverez le marché tous les jours de la semaine ainsi qu'un grand choix de magasins pour faire les courses d'alimentation, mais également pour faire du shopping. Pratique: Superette à deux pas ouverte également le dimanche et le soir tard. Pour une visit
24041		Je loue mon studio de 22m. L'appartement a l'avantage d'être frais en ces jours de grandes chaleurs ! Il est entièrement meublé et au premier étage d'un petit immeuble de trois étages. Je n'ai malheureusement pas de connexion internet pour le moment.
24042	Beautiful apartment located close to the Trocadero / Eiffel Tower, with terrace and panoramic views of the west of Paris. This flat has been completely refurbished and designed to offer a high standard of comfort. You can enjoy a large terrace and an aperitif while watching the sunset. The room: Sofa bed with a real sleeping comfort, a flat screen TV, Ipod station, dining table Kitchen: Fully equipped, Nespresso machine, dishwasher Room: Double bed 200x160cm / Dressing / terrace Bathroom: Bath / Shower and WC. This apartment is waiting for you! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight Before 8.00am we will ask for 50€ to pay upon arrival	Beautiful apartment located close to the Trocadero / Eiffel Tower, with terrace and panoramic views of the west of Paris. Beautiful apartment located close to the Trocadero / Eiffel Tower, with terrace and panoramic views of the west of Paris. This flat has been completely refurbished and designed to offer a high standard of comfort. You can enjoy a large terrace and an aperitif while watching the sunset. The room: Sofa bed with a real sleeping comfort, a flat screen TV, Ipod station, dining table Kitchen: Fully equipped, Nespresso machine, dishwasher Room: Double bed 200x160cm / Dressing / terrace Bathroom: Bath / Shower and WC. This apartment is waiting for you! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight Before 8.00am we will ask for 50€ to pay upon arrival
24043	Recently renoved by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a small parisian building, in a quiet street. It comprises a living room with an open plan kitchen overlooking a charming paved courtyard. Three bedrooms, one with with a double bed, and the others with a single bed (an additional bed for kids can be arranged), a bathroom with separate toilet. The flat includes an oven, a micro wawe, a fridge, a freezer, a diswasher, a washer - dryer and an iron. Au 1er étage, situé dans une rue tranquille, l'appartement se compose d'un lumineux séjour / cuisine donnant sur une jolie cour pavée, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes séparés. Trois chambres. Possibilité lit d'appoint (enfant) sur demande. A disposition: four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vaiselle, lave linge, séche linge, fer à repasser. 	Wonderful parisian flat in the sixteenth arrondissement of Paris, 5 minutes walk away from the Trocadéro and the Eiffel Tower.  It has three bedrooms (1 of two adults and 2 for children), a kitchen, a bathroom and a big living room with home cinema. Recently renoved by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a small parisian building, in a quiet street. It comprises a living room with an open plan kitchen overlooking a charming paved courtyard. Three bedrooms, one with with a double bed, and the others with a single bed (an additional bed for kids can be arranged), a bathroom with separate toilet. The flat includes an oven, a micro wawe, a fridge, a freezer, a diswasher, a washer - dryer and an iron. Au 1er étage, situé dans une rue tranquille, l'appartement se compose d'un lumineux séjour / cuisine donnant sur une jolie cour pavée, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes séparés. Trois chambres. Possibilité lit d'appoint (enfant) sur demande. A disposition: fo
24044		Studio cosy avec vue sur jardin privatif, entre la Place du Trocadéro et Victor Hugo, à deux pas du métro!  Idéal pour être au calme mais aussi profiter de l'agitation de la capitale. Non
24045		Very well situated flat, 10 mins walk to the Eiffel Tower and many museums. 4th flo or with two élevators, balcony facing out a garden. The river Seine is very close. The rue de Passy, with its many fashion stores, is around the corner. It is one of the best areas in Paris: you can walk to the Eiffel Tower, the river Seine, the musée Marmottan ( Monet museum ), the Champs Elysées . The nearest subway station is Passy ( Line 6 ), direct to Étoile Charles de Gaulle and Montparnasse.  There is also tel Trocadéro station ( lines 6 and 9 )  4 bus lines: (phone number hidden) 3 days minimum Non smoking flat ( you can smoke on the balcony )  Help yourself with tea or coffee.
24046	"Paris 16th, through apartment, 8th floor, 2 bedrooms, peaceful street, open view on both sides and spectacular view of the Eiffel tower, two elevators. All amenities and Wi-fi. 2 m' Walk to Metro and all commodities. The space is very lightning and peaceful to leave. It's a very comfortable apartment with an amazing view and it's very relaxing. You can enjoy the beautiful sunsets and the view on the eiffel tower. It's very sunny all day long from both (website hidden), WIFI, Iphone speakers... none. But you can call me or a person in charge if you have any kind of problem or need some information.  It's very quiet and at the same time close to the shops, the touristic places and to the center of paris 10mn with the subway ligne 9.  You can also walk (10m') to the lake at ""Le bois de boulogne"". It's a very nice area with parks and beautiful houses. 2 metro stations ""Rue de la pompe""or ""La muette"" 2mn walk and 5 mn walk to ""Trocadéro"" (Ligne 6 and 9) You have many buses ligne 63 to St Ge"	"Paris 16th, through apartment, 8th floor, peaceful street, open view on both sides and spectacular view of the Eiffel tower, two elevators. All amenities and Wi-fi. 2 m' Walk to Metro and all commodities. Paris 16th, through apartment, 8th floor, 2 bedrooms, peaceful street, open view on both sides and spectacular view of the Eiffel tower, two elevators. All amenities and Wi-fi. 2 m' Walk to Metro and all commodities. The space is very lightning and peaceful to leave. It's a very comfortable apartment with an amazing view and it's very relaxing. You can enjoy the beautiful sunsets and the view on the eiffel tower. It's very sunny all day long from both (website hidden), WIFI, Iphone speakers... none. But you can call me or a person in charge if you have any kind of problem or need some information.  It's very quiet and at the same time close to the shops, the touristic places and to the center of paris 10mn with the subway ligne 9.  You can also walk (10m') to the lake at ""Le bois de b"
24047	18m2 immeuble sécurisé avec gardienne.  Appartement idéal pour séjour à Paris car très bien situé et fonctionnel. Je peux vous donner les clés sur Paris intramuros et vous pouvez me les redonner où vous le souhaitez.  Les draps et aliments de base sont mis à disposition. 18sqm in a secure building with a guardian. Ideal apartment, functional and cosy, in a great location. 	Studio de 18m², très fonctionnel et moderne, proche de lignes de métros 2,6 et 9 et de nombreux bus. 8 min du Trocadéro à pied et 15 minutes de Charles de Gaulle Etoile.  Quartier sécurisé et Avenue Victor Hugo commerçante. Centre commercial proche. 18m2 immeuble sécurisé avec gardienne.  Appartement idéal pour séjour à Paris car très bien situé et fonctionnel. Je peux vous donner les clés sur Paris intramuros et vous pouvez me les redonner où vous le souhaitez.  Les draps et aliments de base sont mis à disposition. 18sqm in a secure building with a guardian. Ideal apartment, functional and cosy, in a great location. Très beau quartier : place México, Tour Effeil, Trocadéro, Place Victor Hugo, bois de Boulogne. Beautiful neighbourhood : place México, Tour Effeil, Trocadéro, Place Victor Hugo, bois de Boulogne. Lignes 2(5min), 6 ou 9(8min), RER C(8min).  Nombreuses lignes bus. Subway n° 2,6,9 and many buses.
24048	Greatest area of Paris, close to Eiffel tower (5 min walk max) and Champs Elysées (10 min walk)- you can walk, great shops on Passy street, you will find anything you need in this area... Food shops Monoprix, is opened until 10pm everyday (5 min walk) and Franprix until 8pm (2min walk), and Plus it's very pleasant to live in this chic part of Paris! Beautiful studio 30m2, fully furnished, with a 7m2 terrasse, very quiet and with garden view.  2nd floor with elevator, kitchen fully equiped (washing machine, oven, electric hob, fridge, microwave oven, electric kettle), bathroom, flat screen TV, iron and ironing board.  One king size bed, possible to add 2 individual beds or even baby bed - Maximum 4 persons Trocadero and Eiffeil Tower - 5 min walk! All pictures posted are 5 mins walk max: Trocadero gardens, Eiffel Tower, you can walk through the parisian famous bridge (the one in 'Inception'), all great spots for your parisian dream pictures are nearby, by maximum 5 min walk!!! A lot of 	TROCADERO!!Fully furnished 27m2 metro Muette (9) or Passy (6),  7m2 terrasse, very quiet and garden view.2nd floor with elevator, kitchen fully equiped, bathroom, hair dryer, iron,TV.Close to Trocadero and Eiffeil Tower - 5 min walk.  Greatest area of Paris, close to Eiffel tower (5 min walk max) and Champs Elysées (10 min walk)- you can walk, great shops on Passy street, you will find anything you need in this area... Food shops Monoprix, is opened until 10pm everyday (5 min walk) and Franprix until 8pm (2min walk), and Plus it's very pleasant to live in this chic part of Paris! Beautiful studio 30m2, fully furnished, with a 7m2 terrasse, very quiet and with garden view.  2nd floor with elevator, kitchen fully equiped (washing machine, oven, electric hob, fridge, microwave oven, electric kettle), bathroom, flat screen TV, iron and ironing board.  One king size bed, possible to add 2 individual beds or even baby bed - Maximum 4 persons Trocadero and Eiffeil Tower - 5 min walk! All pict
24049	Nous proposons une chambre dans une ambiance cosy.	Un jeune couple français de la capitale qui souhaite vous faire découvrir la ville lumière dans toute sa splendeur et ses nuances, Nous proposons notre appartement à partager avec nous à 10 min en bus/metro des différents monuments. Nous proposons une chambre dans une ambiance cosy. Metro le plus proche : Jasmin - ligne 9 A dix minutes de la ligne 6 et du Trocadéro A 5 min du RER C (direct aéroport de Orly) Comme des nouveaux amies, j'ai hâte de vous aider à découvrir la ville lumière, la ville des amoureux. Avec ce quartier, vous aurez accés à la campagne parisienne en plein coeur de la ville de Paris. Vous êtes à dix minutes des Champs-Elysées, du Trocadéro, du bois de Boulogne, des quais de Seine sans pourtant y avoir les nuisances sonores qu'engendre  la ville. Metro le plus proche : Jasmin - ligne 9 A dix minutes de la ligne 6 et du Trocadéro A 5 min du RER C (direct aéroport de Orly) Bus 32, 52, 22 Nous louons la chambre mais vous être libre de circuler dans toutes les pièces de 
24050	It's a 1 bedroom apartment, perfect for 2 people with a separate living room, an open kitchen fully equipped, a large bathroom with toilets. 	Brand new bright, spacious furnished and designed apartment,4th floor,elevator (50m2-538sq) very well located on a safe and lovely area between Passy and Auteuil. It's a green, clean and peaceful place.  Your satisfaction is my first priority! It's a 1 bedroom apartment, perfect for 2 people with a separate living room, an open kitchen fully equipped, a large bathroom with toilets.  living room: high and regular chairs, sofa,coffee table,flat screen TV, Numericable box with international channels, high-speed free WIFI. Kitchen: refrigerator, freezer, microwave woven, unduction hob,dishwasher Room: queen-size bed, TV, wardrobe,night tables, parquet floor. Bathroom:large italian shower, washer machine,towel dryer,hairdryer. Clean towels and bed linens provided and included. Secured building with digicode. ELEVATOR in the building I am looking forward to hearing you, and making your trip a wonderful souvenir from Paris. This apartment has EVERYTHING you need for a perfect stay! PLEASE CON
24051	"Le logement comporte : Une chambre avec un lit double de 140cm et un grand téléviseur à led 46"",  D'un confortable canapé lit de 140cm dans le salon également équipé d'une téléviseur à led 32"".  A disposition  un ordinateur apple dans le coin bureau.  Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi, le téléphone, un lecteur DVD, playstation 3, Apple TV.   La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaque de cuisson, machine à laver le linge, machine Nespresso.  Par ailleurs, vous trouverez également des draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine."	"Le logement comporte : Une chambre avec un lit double de 140cm et un grand téléviseur à led 46"",  D'un confortable canapé lit de 140cm dans le salon également équipé d'une téléviseur à led 32"".  A disposition  un ordinateur apple dans le coin bureau.  Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi, le téléphone, un lecteur DVD, playstation 3, Apple TV.   La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaque de cuisson, machine à laver le linge, machine Nespresso.  Par ailleurs, vous trouverez également des draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. Vous pouvez me contacter à tout moment.. Le Trocadéro est un quartier culturel situé à quelques mètres de la Tour Eiffel mais également à deux pas du Musée du Quai Branly, du Palais de Tokyo et du Champs de Mars.  Ce quartier, très fréquenté par les touristes, offre une vue imprenable sur Paris et est niché au cœur d’un quar"
24052	20sqm Studio for rent in serviced building with 24h concierge. Moments from the Eiffel Tower and metro Iena. It is a VERY SAFE AREA as next to an Embassy with 24h police and the Shangri-la 5* hotel. The studio is decorated in a modern and  refined fashion.  The main room has a large window letting in plenty of light with electric shutters. There is  a flat screen TV  and Radio/ CD Player. The open kitchenette has a stove top, fridge and tea kettle. The bathroom has a contemporary design  with a large modern shower.  The flat is very centrally located, right next to the Trocadéro and across the Seine from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes walk). The flat is right next to the Seine  and is in an ideal location for discovering all of the major sights of Paris on foot. If you prefer the métro, two  lines are in immediate proximity to the flat. Line 9 will take you to directly to the Champs Élysées and the neighborhood of the Opéra. (Galeries Lafayette, Gare Saint-Lazare, etc.) Line 6 will take y	Beautiful studio in the heart of the 16th and minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. It also has a 24h concierge and security and is located in a very safe area. Very easy access to the tube and 15mins walk to the Champs Elysees. 20sqm Studio for rent in serviced building with 24h concierge. Moments from the Eiffel Tower and metro Iena. It is a VERY SAFE AREA as next to an Embassy with 24h police and the Shangri-la 5* hotel. The studio is decorated in a modern and  refined fashion.  The main room has a large window letting in plenty of light with electric shutters. There is  a flat screen TV  and Radio/ CD Player. The open kitchenette has a stove top, fridge and tea kettle. The bathroom has a contemporary design  with a large modern shower.  The flat is very centrally located, right next to the Trocadéro and across the Seine from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes walk). The flat is right next to the Seine  and is in an ideal location for discovering all of the major sights of Paris on foot. If 
24053	Très bien situé près des plus beaux sites de Paris, ce bel appartement pour 1 à 4 personnes dispose de tout le confort moderne et d'espaces bien aménagés et fonctionnels. Il est très calme avec ses fenêtres qui ouvrent sur un patio intérieur joliment arboré. Situé au 6e étages avec ascenseur d'une belle Résidence de standing, Il vient d'être aménagé avec soin comme pied a terre par les propriétaires qui l'occupent occasionnellement. Il y a quatre couchages pour adultes ou pour deux adultes avec ou sans enfants: un lit double pour 2 personnes (160X200) dans la partie chambre, et un canapé gigogne avec deux autres vrais lits pour adultes ou enfants(indépendants: 90X200 et 80X200), situé dans la partie  séjour.  La chambre et le séjour sont séparés par un paravent décoratif pour donner plus de volume et de lumière à la chambre lorsqu'il est replié. Les lits sont neufs et les matelas sont de très bonne qualité. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaques chauffantes électriques, hotte 	Très bien situé près des plus beaux sites de Paris, ce bel appartement pour 1 à 4 personnes dispose de tout le confort moderne et d'espaces bien aménagés et fonctionnels. Il est très calme avec ses fenêtres qui ouvrent sur un patio intérieur joliment arboré. Situé au 6e étages avec ascenseur d'une belle Résidence de standing, Il vient d'être aménagé avec soin comme pied a terre par les propriétaires qui l'occupent occasionnellement. Il y a quatre couchages pour adultes ou pour deux adultes avec ou sans enfants: un lit double pour 2 personnes (160X200) dans la partie chambre, et un canapé gigogne avec deux autres vrais lits pour adultes ou enfants(indépendants: 90X200 et 80X200), situé dans la partie  séjour.  La chambre et le séjour sont séparés par un paravent décoratif pour donner plus de volume et de lumière à la chambre lorsqu'il est replié. Les lits sont neufs et les matelas sont de très bonne qualité. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaques chauffantes électriques, hotte 
24054	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 62m2 and can welcome comfortably 6 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a seperate  kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments,  ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There are  two separates rooms with a confortable double bed in each room, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3rd floor without elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming flat in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 62m2 and can welcome comfortably 6 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a seperate  kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments,  ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There are  two separates rooms with a confortable double bed in each room, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3rd floor without elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord. Very available you can contact m
24055	Petit Studio pratique et fonctionnel pour 2 personnes, 25m2 proche toutes commodités et commerces. 	Charmant studio au bout d'une impasse, dans un environnement calme et lumineux... Petit Studio pratique et fonctionnel pour 2 personnes, 25m2 proche toutes commodités et commerces. Je vous donnerai les bons plans et informations dont vous aurez besoin. Un des quartiers les plus calmes et chics de la capitale, vous passerez un sejour en toute securité, au coeur de Paris. Les Champs Elysees sont à 10mn et la Tour Eiffel est à 5mn Métro Ranelagh ou Jasmin : ligne 9 à 2mn
24056	Spacieux	Place Trocadéro tout confort Spacieux Tv .cuisine vaisselle . Draps serviette Non Près de la Tour Eiffel Métro bus
24057	Located in the beautiful 16 district (16ème arrondissement) of Paris, the flat is 16 m2 with one double bed in one room and one kitchenette in the entrance. It is just five minutes walking to the metro (line 9), 15 mn to Champs Elysées and 20 mn to Eiffel Tower. The rooms are very bright and there is nice view over the roofs of Paris. You can also see a part of the Eiffel Tower. There is also a small bathroom (shower, WC, and sink) and a small kitchenette fully equipped. You will have WIFI. My flat is at the top floor (6th floor) by stairs only. Last but not least, the building (typical parisian style) is located in a private tiny alley with trees and nices houses.	Located in an upscale disctrict of Paris, this 2 rooms flat has just been renovated and is located in a chic private alley. Double bed, rent for 4 nights minimum. 5 mn walk to metro, 4 stations to Champs Elysées. View Eiffel Tower, organic products.
24058		Nice and Charming studio ideally located in the 16th district with the famous Place du Trocadéro just 1 min away and Champs Elysées pretty close. It is perfect for a couple or a single person. No lift
24059	In an ancient building, a very quiet room full of charm with a beautiful bathroom with windows overlooking a lovely garden. Well served by bus and metro: the apartment is located at 10 minutes from the Trocadero and 20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe.	Charming room for two, near the Trocadéro and Champs Elysées,  overlooking a old nice private garden. The apartment is located in the Village of Passy, a very family neighborhood with a lot of shops and restaurants. In an ancient building, a very quiet room full of charm with a beautiful bathroom with windows overlooking a lovely garden. Well served by bus and metro: the apartment is located at 10 minutes from the Trocadero and 20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. The bedroom and bathroom. I will be absolutely delighted to help my guests to guide them in the heart of our capital by advising them the best restaurants, museums, exhibitions or ballads. Welcome in Paris! The Village of Passy is a quiet family neighborhood. There is many gardens but also the Bois de Boulogne. The Rue de Passy and the rue de l'Annonciation are at 2 minutes away with their many shops and restaurants. The OECD is also nearby. You will certainly be charmed by the good life offered by our smal
24060	The neighborhood is quiet, the apartment is spacious and quiet, the view is unobstructed.	"Luxurious flat of 145 m2 in the 16th district. Located on the 6th floor of a building with elevator, the flat is south facing, quiet without ""vis-à-vis"" with a good panorama on the roofs of Paris. Ideal for families, can accommodate up to 5 people. The neighborhood is quiet, the apartment is spacious and quiet, the view is unobstructed. Independent housing with all the amenities. The apartment is yours for the duration of your booking without any other person. You are in the vicinity of the Bois de Boulogne and the lake and the garden of Ranelagh, ideal for pleasant and bucolic walks. A shopping street, rue de Passy, is five minutes where many shops are available. There is a theatre with a good programming all the year. Is the best quiet area of Paris, we can walk inside many parks, doing some boat, get lost on the way and met up in a front of the Balzac or Le Corbusier's houses. Elfish, serenity and space typify this district. Métro ligne 9, Muette ou ranelagh Bus ligne 22, 32, 52"
24061		Nice studio near Effeil tower
24062		Petit studio de 15m2. Très bien situé à 10 minutes des champs élysées et 15 minutes du Trocadéro. Metro proche. Studio propre, un vrai petit nid d'amour.
24063	Staying in our appartement will give your journey a parisan and elegant touch !  Two single bedroom, a large and cosy dining room, a  Fitted kitchen and italian bathroom.  Wifi gratuit .	We would be delighted to welcome our hosts in our lovely, parisian 75sqm apt. Located in the quiet and chic 16th arrondissement, 5 mns walk to the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. Staying in our appartement will give your journey a parisan and elegant touch !  Two single bedroom, a large and cosy dining room, a  Fitted kitchen and italian bathroom.  Wifi gratuit . Roissy Charles De Gaulle Airport : 1 hour by metro, 45 mn by cab.  Orly Airport: 45 mn by metro, 1 hour by metro, 45 mn by cab.  I am fully available to answer your requests.  Chic neighborhood with tons of fancy restaurants, brasseries, and shopping spots. I'll be giving my hosts my personal cityguide   Bus, metro and cab station 2 mns walk.  
24064	Calme et spacieux	Entre le Trocadéro et les champs élysées f3 calme tout confort  Sdb, lave linge , wifi Calme et spacieux Place Victor Hugo , Trocadéro , champs élysée Bus 52 , ligne métro 2 et 9
24065	Notre charmant duplex se trouve de le quartier branchée du 16eme arrondissement, proche de la rue de Passy ou vous trouverez de nombreux commerces, restaurants et transports.    Très fonctionnel, il dispose d'une grande cuisine aménagée (four, micro-onde, machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle, machine à cafe Nespresso etc.), de deux salons, d'une salle à manger, d'une grande cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le salon du bas met à disposition un grand canapé lit pour deux personnes supplémentaires.  La durée de votre séjour pourra être de courte et longue durée. Vous serez de préférence non fumeurs et sans animaux de compagnie. Nous voyageons beaucoup et savons l'importance d'un véritable accueil chaleureux. Nous resterons à votre écoute si vous souhaitez avoir tout type de renseignements durant votre séjour.  Appartement contemporain, luxueux et chaleureux situé au coeur de Paris dans le 16eme arrondissement. Idéalement situé a 1.7 km de la Tour Eiffel,  2km de l'Arc de	Notre appartement refait à neuf est une vraie maison, entrée indépendante dans un petit  immeuble , belle décoration, proche de métros et commerces. Habitués à beaucoup voyager avec mon mari, nous ferons tout pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Notre charmant duplex se trouve de le quartier branchée du 16eme arrondissement, proche de la rue de Passy ou vous trouverez de nombreux commerces, restaurants et transports.    Très fonctionnel, il dispose d'une grande cuisine aménagée (four, micro-onde, machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle, machine à cafe Nespresso etc.), de deux salons, d'une salle à manger, d'une grande cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le salon du bas met à disposition un grand canapé lit pour deux personnes supplémentaires.  La durée de votre séjour pourra être de courte et longue durée. Vous serez de préférence non fumeurs et sans animaux de compagnie. Nous voyageons beaucoup et savons l'importance d'un véritable accueil chaleureux. Nous resterons à votre 
24066	AREA:  Welcome on our spacious kid friendly home. The flat is located in PASSY / TROCADERO, in the heart of the famous 16th district, the most exclusive and prestigious neighborhood of Paris. Located on the fourth floor (with lift) of an 19th century architecture building (with live-in concierge), this 120 square meter (1300 Sq Ft) flat is very bright and elegant, along with a classic/modern Parisian decor and modern facilities. Kids are welcome and  toys ( books, scooters, bikes..) are available on premises. Passy / Trocadero is a very typical Parisien area with a nice tranquil atmosphere that with everything you need within 10 minute walk:  Food:  Daily Fresh food market (rue de l’Annonciation) and 7/7 grocery stores Shopping: Rue de Passy is one of the best fashion street in Paris  Tourism: 10 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Musée Marmottan, Musée de la Marine, Maison de Balzac, OCDE, Théatre de Chaillot.. Entertainment : Movie Theatres, Auteuil Race rack,  Relaxing and 	AREA:  Welcome on our spacious kid friendly home. The flat is located in PASSY / TROCADERO, in the heart of the famous 16th district, the most exclusive and prestigious neighborhood of Paris. Located on the fourth floor (with lift) of an 19th century architecture building (with live-in concierge), this 120 square meter (1300 Sq Ft) flat is very bright and elegant, along with a classic/modern Parisian decor and modern facilities. Kids are welcome and  toys ( books, scooters, bikes..) are available on premises. Passy / Trocadero is a very typical Parisien area with a nice tranquil atmosphere that with everything you need within 10 minute walk:  Food:  Daily Fresh food market (rue de l’Annonciation) and 7/7 grocery stores Shopping: Rue de Passy is one of the best fashion street in Paris  Tourism: 10 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Musée Marmottan, Musée de la Marine, Maison de Balzac, OCDE, Théatre de Chaillot.. Entertainment : Movie Theatres, Auteuil Race rack,  Relaxing and 
24067	The 1st floor appartment gives into to a very nice courtyard 	Appartment in a tranquil neighborhood, 50 sq m.  10 minutes by walk from Eiffel Tower on one side, 10 minutes of Champs Elysees on the other side. - One room, queen size bed  - Fully equiped kitchen - Spacious living room (Tv, Wifi)
24068	Chambre cosy, accès au salon avec belle vue et grande cuisine à l'américaine	Chambre cosy, accès au salon avec belle vue et grande cuisine à l'américaine chambre, salle de bain, toilette, cuisine et le salon Proximité des métros (ligne 9 et 10) à moins de 5min à pied.  Proximité du bois de boulogne  Quartier calme  Ligne 9 et 10 du métro  Bus 52/62/PC1/123
24069	I am renting my beautiful and well situated apartment Dates are flexible and short stays possible.  The flat it's right on the Seine River and close to everything the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Grand Palais, Cafes, Markets, and Public Transport (Metro Passy). It has 45M2 consisting of a spacious bedroom an entrance/hallway, small kitchen and a large salon. Internet and free telephone for fixed numbers are available.  Ideal for couples or young professionals. The apartment is fully equipped with everything that you need to have an amazing stay in Paris!!  Also, you will find a park right on your door step. 	I am renting my beautiful and well situated apartment Dates are flexible and short stays possible.  The flat it's right on the Seine River and close to everything the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Grand Palais, Cafes, Markets, and Public Transport (Metro Passy). It has 45M2 consisting of a spacious bedroom an entrance/hallway, small kitchen and a large salon. Internet and free telephone for fixed numbers are available.  Ideal for couples or young professionals. The apartment is fully equipped with everything that you need to have an amazing stay in Paris!!  Also, you will find a park right on your door step. 
24070		"A lovely appartment in the fancy ""16th arrondissement"", one of the most chic neibourhood of Paris. Located 5 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower and a direct bus\subway Line to the Louvre Museum, Champs Élysée. Perfect for 4 people"
24071	Smart studio located in a wealthy area close to Trocadero-Eiffel Tower. Close to supermarkets, restaurants, bars and shopping	Smart Studio located in a wealthy area ! 10-15 mins from eiffel tower by walking. -Sofa/Double bed -Bathroom with toilets and shower -Fully Equiped kitchen (microwaves - fridge - hotplates ...) -Wifi -Towels -Linens - Sheet Smart studio located in a wealthy area close to Trocadero-Eiffel Tower. Close to supermarkets, restaurants, bars and shopping You have access to everything I live at 30 mins from the apartment but you can join me at what time you need 20€ request for late check-in (after 9pm) Very secure and wealthy area with a gardener. Easy acces to bus and metro Metro Line 9 : Rue de La pompe RER C : Avenue Henri Martin  2 minutes by walking We are everytime in a happy mood and we do our best to be avalaible to make your trip comfortable.
24072	Accès au chaines Canal+ Internet Haut Débit  	Accès au chaines Canal+ Internet Haut Débit  15mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel  25mn à pied Champs Élysées  10mn à pied de la rue de Passy  6mn Bois de Boulogne  Une destination intéressante et des prix raisonnables.  De nombreux commerces dans cette rue Boulangerie,Patisserie Deux épiceries Pharmacie, Traiteur, Restaurants, Pressing, Boucherie...   Métro : ligne 9, Rue de la pompe (7mn à pied) ligne 2, Porte Dauphine (8mn à pied)  RER B, Henri Martin (1mn à pied) Bus : 63, 52, PC1 De nombreux rangements Un matériel de cuisine complet. Un large bouquet de chaines.  Une connexion haut débit.  
24073	Very nice apartment of 30m2 (322 ft2) very close to the Trocadero place in the 16 district, known by its nice view on the Eiffel Tower. That is the best option if you are looking for visiting Paris, available for 2 or 3 people (1 bed 160 x 200 x 18cm + 1 sofa bed for 2 person) well equipped (coffee maker, flat screen, Wifi hight speed, ironer, heating system, kitchen, bed linen, washing machine…) in a secure building, with an elevator. Closest subway lines are 6 and 9 at Trocadero stop. taxi service is also available for good price :) 	"Very nice apartment of 30m2 (322 ft2) very close to the Trocadero place in the 16 district, known by its nice view on the Eiffel Tower. That is the best option if you are looking for visiting Paris, available for 2 or 3 people (1 bed 160 x 200 x 18cm + 1 sofa bed for 2 person) well equipped (coffee maker, flat screen, Wifi hight speed, ironer, heating system, kitchen, bed linen, washing machine…) in a secure building, with an elevator. Closest subway lines are 6 and 9 at Trocadero stop. taxi service is also available for good price :) i like take a coffee at Carette in front of the Eiffel tower. - From CDG airport: take train RER ""B"" -> ""Denfert Rochereau"" station + métro line 6 (direction Etoile) -> ""Trocadéro"" Station then take exit number 6 (avenue Paul Doumer) then walk until number 19 - - From ORLY airport: take train OrlyVal -> ""Antony"" station + Train RER ""B"" (direction Paris) -> ""Denfert Rochereau"" station + métro line 6 (direction Etoile) -> Trocadéro Station. then take exit n"
24074	Spacious, confortable and design 38 Sq/meters Studio.  It is very cosy and warm place. Hight Quality bed, 160 x 200 cm. There is a large table to have meals. Fully equiped: Large flat screen TV, WiFi, Washing machine. Fully equiped kitchen:  Oven, dishwasher, fridge, hot plate, freezer. 5th Floor with a Lift.  	"Very spacious and design studio (38m/s), in Passy (close Trocadero and Eiffel Tower).  Spacious, confortable and design 38 Sq/meters Studio.  It is very cosy and warm place. Hight Quality bed, 160 x 200 cm. There is a large table to have meals. Fully equiped: Large flat screen TV, WiFi, Washing machine. Fully equiped kitchen:  Oven, dishwasher, fridge, hot plate, freezer. 5th Floor with a Lift.  PASSY, LA MUETTE, TROCADERO It is a residential district, chic and safe It is 10 min walking to the Trocadero and 15 min to the Eiffel Tower.  There is a very nice pedestrian street "" rue de l'annonciation"" with a nice fresh food market at the end of the street. And ""rue de Passy"" (1min from the appartment) is a perfect place to have shopping!  The ""Bois de Boulogne"", 10 min walking is a wonderfull place to have a nice walk. Passy (line 6) / La Muette (line 9) "
24075	Chambre meublée pour 1 personne, 12 m2 avec douche et wc  dans notre appartement , vue tour eiffel et jardin du trocadero. Quartier chic de Paris , rue commercante a proximite, transports : 2 lignes de metro (6 & 9) , 5 lignes de bus (phone number hidden)); et RER  à 8 mn a pied pour accéder au chateau de Versailles.  Très nombreux musées à proximité immédiate (Marine Homme Monuments Français Cinémathèque  , un peu plus loin mais toujours à pied Guimet  Arts Premiers) , jardins, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysees et bateaux mouches a proximite!!! Vous pourrez utiliser notre cuisine pour votre petit déjeuner et si vous le souhaitez éventuellement pour quelques repas. Ascenseur, Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous renseigner et rendre votre séjour le plus agréable.	Chambre meublée pour 1 personne, 12 m2 avec douche et wc  dans notre appartement , vue tour eiffel et jardin du trocadero. Quartier chic de Paris , rue commercante a proximite, transports : 2 lignes de metro (6 & 9) , 5 lignes de bus (phone number hidden)); et RER  à 8 mn a pied pour accéder au chateau de Versailles.  Très nombreux musées à proximité immédiate (Marine Homme Monuments Français Cinémathèque  , un peu plus loin mais toujours à pied Guimet  Arts Premiers) , jardins, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysees et bateaux mouches a proximite!!! Vous pourrez utiliser notre cuisine pour votre petit déjeuner et si vous le souhaitez éventuellement pour quelques repas. Ascenseur, Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous renseigner et rendre votre séjour le plus agréable. cuisine et salle de douche  le calme, le jardin du trocadero et les nombreux musees tres proches rue commercante a deux pas et transports bus et metros tres complets!! metro ligne 6 : trocadero ou passy et ligne 9 : trocadero
24076	Close to a bicycle station Velib, you are in the heart of Paris alongside the Seine. All commodities by feet (shops, restaurants, mall...)	Our flat is located in a nice street of upper class district (16e). Few hundreds meters from Seine, Eiffel Tower, shops, restaurants and  movie theater. 1 queen size bedroom and 2 single bedroom  (w 1 extra child bed). Large living room, nice view. Close to a bicycle station Velib, you are in the heart of Paris alongside the Seine. All commodities by feet (shops, restaurants, mall...) All the flat is open. American Fridge with ice distributor.
24077	L'entrée dessert un double séjour qui comprend un salon et un coin salle à manger. Cette pièce a un accès direct au balcon par deux baies vitrées.  Sur ce grand balcon fleuri, vous profiterez de deux chaises longues  Dans le salon deux canapés confortables 3 places vous attendent, une belle bibliothèque et un piano. Vous trouverez aussi une table et des chaises de salle à manger pour six personnes. Une cuisine lumineuse et entièrement équipée où vous pourrez prendre vos petits déjeuners à 4, lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant, machine nespresso, rien ne manque pour un séjour en famille. Deux grandes chambres, bien séparées du salon et au calme. Dans la chambre principale vous trouverez un lit double en 140 cm et un coin bureau, équipée d'une imprimante. L'accès wifi au réseau internet haut débit est inclus dans la location. Dans la seconde chambre, vous pourrez choisir entre un aménagement avec deux lits simples de 90 cm ou un lit double de 180 cm. Nous pouvons vous prêter un lit bébé.	L'entrée dessert un double séjour qui comprend un salon et un coin salle à manger. Cette pièce a un accès direct au balcon par deux baies vitrées.  Sur ce grand balcon fleuri, vous profiterez de deux chaises longues  Dans le salon deux canapés confortables 3 places vous attendent, une belle bibliothèque et un piano. Vous trouverez aussi une table et des chaises de salle à manger pour six personnes. Une cuisine lumineuse et entièrement équipée où vous pourrez prendre vos petits déjeuners à 4, lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant, machine nespresso, rien ne manque pour un séjour en famille. Deux grandes chambres, bien séparées du salon et au calme. Dans la chambre principale vous trouverez un lit double en 140 cm et un coin bureau, équipée d'une imprimante. L'accès wifi au réseau internet haut débit est inclus dans la location. Dans la seconde chambre, vous pourrez choisir entre un aménagement avec deux lits simples de 90 cm ou un lit double de 180 cm. Nous pouvons vous prêter un lit bébé.
24078	Nice studio, very bright, suitable for 1 to 2 visitors. On the 6th floor, in a courtyard, very calm with no noise from the street.	"30-square meters flat located in one of the most   classy quarters of Paris, near the Arc de Triomphe * 6th (and final) floor, clear view * very calm, not overlooked * 1 room (living room/bedroom), corner kitchen, 1 bathroom with bath and toilets Nice studio, very bright, suitable for 1 to 2 visitors. On the 6th floor, in a courtyard, very calm with no noise from the street. I try as much as possible to be here to welcome guests. It is quite a residential area, but you'll find plenty of stores down the ""avenue Victor Hugo"" and the ""Rue de la Pompe"" The studio's location is ideal for a visit of Paris: you'll have a quick access to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées (2 stops with the underground, line number 2), the Trocadéro, with a splendid view on the Eiffel Tower (15 min by foot), the Eiffel Tower itself (RER C, 10 min), the Opera (20 min by bus or underground+RER), the Louis Vuitton Foundation (15 minby foot...) Underground: line 2 (Porte Dauphine), line 9 (rue de la Pompe) "
24079		Bel immeuble Haussmannien. Quartier chic et bourgeois à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel, des champs Elysées, des commerces et des restaurants. Appartement refait neuf en 2012 et décoré moderne par architecte. Charme de l'ancien, Parquet, moulure et cheminée.
24080	"A cozy and beautiful studio, very well located close to the ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the splendid parc "" Bois de Boulogne"". There are two metro stations 5 minutes away  (line 2 and 1 ) great lines which help you connect and move easily throught Paris. If needed, you will find on the corner of the street a typical French bar followed by some ""fromageries"" and grocery stores. The district is very calm and safe, you can easily walk and start discovering the real Paris, letting yourself get lost between the beautiful little streets, cafes, shops and restaurants that the 16 arrondissement offers!   The apartment is very spacious, there are big windows so in the morning you can drink a cup of coffee enjoying the sun rays in your skin!  The living room / room if the biggest room of the apartment, connected with an American style kitchen fully equipped with coffee machine, microwave, a fridge if you are planning to do some groceries and eat delicious french cheese and wine!  The apartment has 2 s"	"A beautiful and spacious studio very well located close to the ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the splendid park "" Bois de Boulogne"". There are two metro stations 5 minutes away  (lines 2 & 1 ) great lines which help you connect and move easily through Paris. A cozy and beautiful studio, very well located close to the ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the splendid parc "" Bois de Boulogne"". There are two metro stations 5 minutes away  (line 2 and 1 ) great lines which help you connect and move easily throught Paris. If needed, you will find on the corner of the street a typical French bar followed by some ""fromageries"" and grocery stores. The district is very calm and safe, you can easily walk and start discovering the real Paris, letting yourself get lost between the beautiful little streets, cafes, shops and restaurants that the 16 arrondissement offers!   The apartment is very spacious, there are big windows so in the morning you can drink a cup of coffee enjoying the sun rays in your skin!  The living ro"
24081	The flat is very quiet (it overlooks a garden on one side and a green courtyard on the other). Each room is lit by two large windows. Although at Ground floor, this 30 meter square apartment is very bright. The apartment is fully equipped: crockery, kitchen utensils, oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, washing machine, television, DVD player, hi-fi system, wifi etc ... Furthermore , the bed is new and extremely comfortable : it is a model for hotels !	The apartment is on the ground floor, accessible directly from a green inner courtyard. It consists of 3 rooms (living room, bedroom and bathroom). The living room overlooks a large quiet garden. The flat is very quiet (it overlooks a garden on one side and a green courtyard on the other). Each room is lit by two large windows. Although at Ground floor, this 30 meter square apartment is very bright. The apartment is fully equipped: crockery, kitchen utensils, oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, washing machine, television, DVD player, hi-fi system, wifi etc ... Furthermore , the bed is new and extremely comfortable : it is a model for hotels ! Travelers have independent access directly from the courtyard of the building to the apartment which is located on the ground floor. However, travelers can not access the garden. I live in the same building as the apartment I rent on airbnb. Therefore, if you have any issues or any questions, I will be available and easily accessible! The accommoda
24082		Bel appartement de 80 m2 situé dans le chic 16ème arrondissement de Paris. À 2 minutes à pied de la rue de Passy, où se trouvent de nombreux commerces et enseignes. À 10 minutes à pied du Trocadéro, et 15 de la Tour Eiffel. 
24083		Beau petit studio très cosy - Vue sur la Tour Eiffel - tout meublé - confortable - Wifi - quartier très calme très bien desservi par les transports en commun - ventilo
24084		"Cosy 40m2 apartment only 10 minutes walk from Palais des congrès, Porte Maillot (convention centre, professional events), Champs Élysées.  Ideal access to ""Beauvais bus"" : shuttle between Beauvais Airport and Paris Center, Ryanair & Wizzair flight. Short stays only, no monthly rental"
24085		Near Mirabeau and Eiffel Tower, a one bedroom and a living room and a kitchen is all furnished with all you need for your stay in Paris.  Situated in a quiet residential neighborhood in 16th district, enjoy jogging along the Seine river, 5 mins from the place !
24086	The apartment is fully refurbished and is well equiped for 4 people. Full of charm and peaceful thanks to the garden.  The apartment is typically french with parquet floor and parisian stones. 1 living room with a convertible sofa (real bed with a 15cm mattress) A dining room on the side of the living room. 1 bedroom with double bed 160cm. 1 bathroom	Elegant apartment of 2 rooms (1 bedroom) located near Trocadero in a french 'Hotel Particulier'. Absolutely quiet as the full apartment is looking on a typically french and charming garden. The apartment has been totally refurbished in April 2015. The apartment is fully refurbished and is well equiped for 4 people. Full of charm and peaceful thanks to the garden.  The apartment is typically french with parquet floor and parisian stones. 1 living room with a convertible sofa (real bed with a 15cm mattress) A dining room on the side of the living room. 1 bedroom with double bed 160cm. 1 bathroom Guests have access to the full equipments of the apartment. Contacts through Airbnb The apartment is located in a very central place, 10min walking distance from Trocadero Square (Eiffel Tower). The neighborhood is very quiet, with a great market 3min walking distance from the apartment where you will buy the best cheeses, wines, vegetables and meats. You will enjoy staying in one of the most ele
24087	"(For any questions, you can contact me by the link ""contact host"" at the end of this page) This is bright 1-room (12m²) apartment, located in Paris’ 16th district in a very quiet area next to the Trocadéro and Eiffel Tower. Perfect for 2 people, the apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building with elevator, intercom and security guard. It features a kitchen area with a fridge, an electric range and kitchenware. It also includes a sofa bed, bedding materials (pillows, blanket), towels, as well as space for storage, WiFi internet connection and HD TV. The 16th arrondissement of Paris is a very quiet In the residence you will find a mall with a big supermarket. Next to the apartment there is a very commercial street (rue des Belles Feuilles) where you will find pharmacies, banks, bakers, butchers, fishmongers, supermarkets, cafés, brasseries, Mc Donald, tailor, shoemaker, a grocery store. But also many restaurants, boutiques for shopping, a shopping center, the Crystal Room Baccarat, the "	"(For any questions, you can contact me by the link ""contact host"" at the end of this page) This is bright 1-room (12m²) apartment, located in Paris’ 16th district in a very quiet area next to the Trocadéro and Eiffel Tower. Perfect for 2 people, the apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building with elevator, intercom and security guard. It features a kitchen area with a fridge, an electric range and kitchenware. It also includes a sofa bed, bedding materials (pillows, blanket), towels, as well as space for storage, WiFi internet connection and HD TV. The 16th arrondissement of Paris is a very quiet In the residence you will find a mall with a big supermarket. Next to the apartment there is a very commercial street (rue des Belles Feuilles) where you will find pharmacies, banks, bakers, butchers, fishmongers, supermarkets, cafés, brasseries, Mc Donald, tailor, shoemaker, a grocery store. But also many restaurants, boutiques for shopping, a shopping center, the Crystal Room Baccarat, the "
24088	This is great spot for travelers that want to be out and about in Paris.	"Studio in Paris 16th district, the ""quartier chic"" with a terrace and an amazing view on Paris. Full equip, web, TV, telephone, shower, toilet, washing machine, every thing for cooking. 3 metro stations very close, Boissière, Trocadéro, Victor Hugo. This is great spot for travelers that want to be out and about in Paris. apartment and terrace as needed and depending on availability The neighborhood is wonderful.  A 5 minute walk to Trocadero with stunning views of the Eiffel Tower.  On Wednesday and Saturday there is a beautiful market on Avenue du President Wilson right in front of the Modern Museum, Palais de Tokyo and the Fashion Museum.  It is so easy to bike and there are 3 velib stations close.  The shopping at Passy is a 5 minute bike and the Arc de Triumphe is just down the street with the Champs-Elysees there. The easiest option from CDG or Orly is to take the Air France Bus (7euros) to Charles de Gualle Etoile and then take a short taxi or line 6 two stops to Boissiere.  Also"
24089	Located rue Pegolese, this 47 sqm apartment is on the 3rd floor of a 20th century building. It was completly renoveted in 2011 and sleeps 4 people.  Entrance hall with cupobards  Living-room : one sofa-bed, 2 armchairs, 2 side tables, 1 dining table, 1 coffee table, 1 TV. Wooden floor.  A fully equipped and independant kitchen : dining table, fridge, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine.  One bedroom with one double-bed (160 cm), a desk, 2 bedside tables, cupboards. Wodden floor.  A bathroom with one bath tube with showerhead, a wash basin and cupboards. The washing machin is in the bathroom  Internet Wifi et double-glazing windows  Neighborood : located between Porte Maillot and Place de l'Etoile, you will be at walking distance from  The Champs-Elysees and get easy access to the Palais des Congres. The Avenue Foch will give you a perfect perspective on the Arc de Triomph. You will also enjoy the great restaurants of Avenue Victor Hugo. You will be few steps away fro	Located rue Pegolese, this 47 sqm apartment is on the 3rd floor of a 20th century building. It was completly renoveted in 2011 and sleeps 4 people.  Entrance hall with cupobards  Living-room : one sofa-bed, 2 armchairs, 2 side tables, 1 dining table, 1 coffee table, 1 TV. Wooden floor.  A fully equipped and independant kitchen : dining table, fridge, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine.  One bedroom with one double-bed (160 cm), a desk, 2 bedside tables, cupboards. Wodden floor.  A bathroom with one bath tube with showerhead, a wash basin and cupboards. The washing machin is in the bathroom  Internet Wifi et double-glazing windows  Neighborood : located between Porte Maillot and Place de l'Etoile, you will be at walking distance from  The Champs-Elysees and get easy access to the Palais des Congres. The Avenue Foch will give you a perfect perspective on the Arc de Triomph. You will also enjoy the great restaurants of Avenue Victor Hugo. You will be few steps away fro
24090	Situé au 1er étage, il peut accueillir 4 personnes. 2 chambes équipées de lits double, salon- salle à manger, cuisine séparée, salle de bain, wc séparés. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un lave-vaisselle, machine à café nespresso, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine.  L'immeuble du 20ème siècle sans ascenseur est équipé avec : un code d entrée, un interphone, une concierge.  	Cet appartement de 75 m² entièrement refait à neuf par architecte, au calme est très lumineux ,  est situé avenue de Lamballe dans le 16ème arrondissement , au coeur du quartier commercant, chic et bourgeois de Passy - La Muette Situé au 1er étage, il peut accueillir 4 personnes. 2 chambes équipées de lits double, salon- salle à manger, cuisine séparée, salle de bain, wc séparés. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, un lave-vaisselle, machine à café nespresso, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine.  L'immeuble du 20ème siècle sans ascenseur est équipé avec : un code d entrée, un interphone, une concierge. Notre gardienne vous accueillera tout au long de votre séjour. Pour s’assurer des vacances tranquilles dans un quartier prisé de Paris, Passy- La Muette est la solution idéale.    Entre Passy, l’avenue Henri-Martin, le Bois de 
24091	"PARIS XVI - Chaillot - Triangle d'or Luxury apartment with stunning views over Parisian rooftops, louvres, grand palais, Invalides. Few meters from Eiffel tower, just by Musee d'art Moderne, Palais de Tokyo.   Stay in this studio apartment with its stunning panoramic views. The views of the Parisian roofline will take your breath away.  Modernly furnished and finely designed by a designer architect, with your comfort in mind, you benefit from a relaxing (website hidden), WIFI, ... •	The neighborhood :  Just by the renowned Triangle d'or and its worldwide famous fashion stores, 2 steps from the Galliera (Fashion Museum) Museum, Palais de Tokyo, the Museum of Modern Art etc. ... A few minutes (walking) from the Seine, the Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars, the Palais de Chaillot, the Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Trocadero ... Near the upscale shopping district of Passy • Accommodation: Nestled in the upscale 16th arrondissement, In a beautiful building very secure. A Big Studio (30 "	"Exclusive location, near of everything. Stunning view. 1min walking from metro station and with all comodities : lift, internet, tv, supermarket, towels, hairdryer PARIS XVI - Chaillot - Triangle d'or Luxury apartment with stunning views over Parisian rooftops, louvres, grand palais, Invalides. Few meters from Eiffel tower, just by Musee d'art Moderne, Palais de Tokyo.   Stay in this studio apartment with its stunning panoramic views. The views of the Parisian roofline will take your breath away.  Modernly furnished and finely designed by a designer architect, with your comfort in mind, you benefit from a relaxing (website hidden), WIFI, ... •	The neighborhood :  Just by the renowned Triangle d'or and its worldwide famous fashion stores, 2 steps from the Galliera (Fashion Museum) Museum, Palais de Tokyo, the Museum of Modern Art etc. ... A few minutes (walking) from the Seine, the Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars, the Palais de Chaillot, the Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Trocadero"
24092	My flat has a very nice view on ETOILE  and on  the avenue foch 's trees  it is a very select space with around many ambassies	Very nice  and clear flat located near ETOILE 5mn by feet Porte Maillot 3 mn by feet Champs elysees (7mn by feet )  american kitchen one bedroom with king size bed  sitting room with tv and internet  dining place  the flat is for 2 persons My flat has a very nice view on ETOILE  and on  the avenue foch 's trees  it is a very select space with around many ambassies visitors have access all things in the flat I receive myself my guests and i am happy to speak with them You can visit ETOILE TOUR EIFFEL CHAMPS ELYSEES TROCADERO   PONT DE L ALMA  they are near my flat by feet Metro porte dauphine 5 mn by feet metro Place Victor Hugo 5mn by feet metro PORTE MAILLOT 4 mn by feet  there is a big parking 2 mn by feet or in the street infront you can park the car  From airport charles de gaulle free navette (bus) to Porte Maillot
24093	Charmant et au centre de Paris. Parfait pour un couple	Studio 32m en plein centre de Paris, moderne et très propre, à 100 m de la place Trocadéro. Cuisine et salle de bain modernes, équipées et propres. Peut loger 2 personnes (deux grands canapés-lits à disposition), wifi et télé disponibles.     Charmant et au centre de Paris. Parfait pour un couple Studio au premier étage un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur Un contact permanent avec les voyageurs avec possibilité de déplacement si nécessaire La Tour Eiffel et la rue de Passy sont à 5 min à pieds.  - Métro Trocadéro lignes 6 et 9 - Bus n 22 - Autolib  Les photos du studio sont disponibles après m'avoir contactée pas mail
24094	This 40-square meter flat is composed with a nice entrance, a spacious living room, a well furnished kitchen, a comfortable big size bedroom and a bathroom. You will enjoy its quiet courtyard, its double security code for access and the lift.  Located on the 4th floor, this flat provides you light and space, rare in Paris!	Welcome to your french house! Modern, spacious, well decorated and based between the Eiffel Tower and  Arc de Triomphe, you find the ideal flat to stay for week-end or more in Paris! This 40-square meter flat is composed with a nice entrance, a spacious living room, a well furnished kitchen, a comfortable big size bedroom and a bathroom. You will enjoy its quiet courtyard, its double security code for access and the lift.  Located on the 4th floor, this flat provides you light and space, rare in Paris! • Equipment o Bedroom: A big size bed (160x200cm) + wide closet o Living room: TV HD + convertible sofa + table + chairs  o Kitchen: fridge/freezer, induction plate, oven, microwave, washing machine/dryer o Bathroom: bath, toilets, hair dryer, iron • Free WIFI: high speed and easy access in all rooms • Linen and towels provided  • Maps and indications about what to do nearby (restaurants, shows, theatre…) provided • Need some help? Do not hesitate to ask me any questions before, during o
24095	Paris, 16th district, by Bois de Boulogne / Trocadero Eiffel tower The appartment has :  - One room with a bed for two.  - One big living room with a  sofa (who can be a bed for two people as well) , a big table for dinner or work,  -  One fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro oven, food processor, a lot of kitchen utensil etc - One big bathroom with  a bath.  - One entrance for your shoes and coat with a big dressing	Hi! you are very welcome in my great and spacious apartment (60m2) with one big living room  located in the very chic 16th district. Paris, 16th district, by Bois de Boulogne / Trocadero Eiffel tower The appartment has :  - One room with a bed for two.  - One big living room with a  sofa (who can be a bed for two people as well) , a big table for dinner or work,  -  One fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro oven, food processor, a lot of kitchen utensil etc - One big bathroom with  a bath.  - One entrance for your shoes and coat with a big dressing It is in a lovely area that is located in the safest location of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Ranelagh. It is fully equipped. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Ranelagh, La muette, Passy, Boulainvilliers) and bus stops.
24096		Very sunny, on a quiet side street, in a Haussmann-style building, conveniently near Eiffel Tower and other attractions, 4th floor w/lift, no TV. A pleasant refuge after a busy day. Couples and families preferred.
24097	Located in the busiest shopping street in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, this cozy apartment will welcome you with family or friends to enjoy the Parisian life. This apartment that consists of: - A first bedroom with a queen size bed (160x200) - A second bedroom with a queen size bed (160x200) - A bathroom - A large living room with TV - A dining room with a table and six chairs - A kitchen with a high table for breakfast The Rue de Passy in the 16th district is one of the most active areas in terms of shopping. Indeed, one can find the Passy Plaza shopping center with 26 shops, and Frank & Son department store. We can also find great brands such as Gap, Lacoste and Eleven Paris. Come to the market covered Halles de Passy where the best cheese makers, butchers, fishmongers, greengrocers offer very good products. In addition, many restaurants and bistros will be available around the apartment. This apartment is waiting for you!	Located in the busiest shopping street in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, this cozy apartment will welcome you with family or friends to enjoy the Parisian life. Located in the busiest shopping street in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, this cozy apartment will welcome you with family or friends to enjoy the Parisian life. This apartment that consists of: - A first bedroom with a queen size bed (160x200) - A second bedroom with a queen size bed (160x200) - A bathroom - A large living room with TV - A dining room with a table and six chairs - A kitchen with a high table for breakfast The Rue de Passy in the 16th district is one of the most active areas in terms of shopping. Indeed, one can find the Passy Plaza shopping center with 26 shops, and Frank & Son department store. We can also find great brands such as Gap, Lacoste and Eleven Paris. Come to the market covered Halles de Passy where the best cheese makers, butchers, fishmongers, greengrocers offer very good products. In additi
24098	Welcome in a cosy and fully furnished two bedrooms apartment, close to shopping famous street rue de Passy, in the chic 16th district of Paris. One room with double bed and one with single. Very quiet apartment, located in a charming and quiet dead-end. 200 meters from metro Ranelagh.	Welcome in a cosy and fully furnished two bedrooms apartment, close to shopping famous street rue de Passy, in the chic 16th district of Paris. One room with double bed and one with single. Very quiet apartment, located in a charming and quiet dead-end. 200 meters from metro Ranelagh.
24099	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the famous 16 distric.  Haussmannien Building with 2 views: street and inside courtyard, Walking distance to the Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), Rue de Passy (Shopping), and the Champs Elysée… The apartment has 3 bedrooms each one has its own bathroom. 1 living room, 1 dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, Wifi and TV. Ideally located in the 16 district, the metro line 9 is 2mn walking distance. You can find a lot of shops and restaurant around. In front of the apartment there is a bakery, a butcher and a supermarket and many other convenient stores.  The apartment is very close to the center of Paris, Shops (only 15mn away from the Gallerie Lafayette) Museums and theater.  If you need any more details or any advices on restaurants, Museum or anything please feel free to ask, I will be more than happy to help you with bookings or with recommendations. 	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the famous 16 distric.  Haussmannien Building with 2 views: street and Garden courtyard, Walking distance to the Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), Rue de Passy (Shopping), and the Champs Elysée… Beautiful apartment in the heart of the famous 16 distric.  Haussmannien Building with 2 views: street and inside courtyard, Walking distance to the Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), Rue de Passy (Shopping), and the Champs Elysée… The apartment has 3 bedrooms each one has its own bathroom. 1 living room, 1 dining room, a fully equipped kitchen, Wifi and TV. Ideally located in the 16 district, the metro line 9 is 2mn walking distance. You can find a lot of shops and restaurant around. In front of the apartment there is a bakery, a butcher and a supermarket and many other convenient stores.  The apartment is very close to the center of Paris, Shops (only 15mn away from the Gallerie Lafayette) Museums and theater.  If you need any more details or any advices on restaurants, Mus
24100	This one bedroom apartment in the elegant 16th arrondisment of Paris is located in the Passy neighbourhood a very typical Parisian neighbourhood with its open air market, shops, cafes, restaurants and bars. This one bedroom apartment is located in a modern building and it gives on to a beautiful calm courtyard.  On entering the apartment the kitchen is on your left hand side and the toilette to your right, as you proceed you enter the living room. The bedroom and bathroom give on to the living room. The kitchen is equipped with everything you might need during your stay. The living room has a double sofa bed, coffee table, dining table and chairs. The TV and WiFi are in the living room.  The bedroom has a large comfortable double bed, bedside tables, lamps and a desk. This apartment is served by the RER C direct to Chateau de Versailles, Notre Dame,Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Orly airport. Metro: Ranelagh Line 9 and Passy Line 6. 	This one bedroom apartment in the elegant 16th arrondisment of Paris is located in the Passy neighbourhood a very typical Parisian neighbourhood with its open air market, shops, cafes, restaurants and bars. This one bedroom apartment is located in a modern building and it gives on to a beautiful calm courtyard.  On entering the apartment the kitchen is on your left hand side and the toilette to your right, as you proceed you enter the living room. The bedroom and bathroom give on to the living room. The kitchen is equipped with everything you might need during your stay. The living room has a double sofa bed, coffee table, dining table and chairs. The TV and WiFi are in the living room.  The bedroom has a large comfortable double bed, bedside tables, lamps and a desk. This apartment is served by the RER C direct to Chateau de Versailles, Notre Dame,Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Orly airport. Metro: Ranelagh Line 9 and Passy Line 6. 
24101	"This 30 square feet (approx: 325 square meters) studio apartment is located on avenue Marcel Proust in the 16th district of Paris, a few steps from Trocadéro. It consists of a living/dining room, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons. It is served by the metro station ""Passy"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Intercom - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD player - Stereo - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Iron - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 25 sqm - 269 sqft. It has two windows facing West and offer a view over the couryard. It is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, and a table. the bathroom It consists of a bath with shower, a sink and an hair"	"This 30 square feet (approx: 325 square meters) studio apartment is located on avenue Marcel Proust in the 16th district of Paris, a few steps from Trocadéro. It consists of a living/dining room, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons. It is served by the metro station ""Passy"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Intercom - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD player - Stereo - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Iron - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 25 sqm - 269 sqft. It has two windows facing West and offer a view over the couryard. It is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, and a table. the bathroom It consists of a bath with shower, a sink and an hair"
24102	 2 bedroom apt in the most chic area of Paris! 16e. Passy! A few steps from the Tour Eiffel and Rue de Passy! Kitchen and 2 full bathrooms (rarity in Paris!) Newly renovated by architect! Nearly 2 suites! Futton for couples in the room, hyper comfortable. A very spacious apartment for you to enjoy Paris like a Parisian! Beautiful varanda!!!!Overlooking a public parc!! Metro Passy and Maison de la Radio. One block from Sena river!	 2 bedroom apt in the most chic area of Paris! 16e. Passy! A few steps from the Tour Eiffel and Rue de Passy! Kitchen and 2 full bathrooms (rarity in Paris!) Newly renovated by architect! Nearly 2 suites! Futton for couples in the room, hyper comfortable. A very spacious apartment for you to enjoy Paris like a Parisian! Beautiful varanda!!!!Overlooking a public parc!! Metro Passy and Maison de la Radio. One block from Sena river!
24103	If your are In Paris for a few weeks/ few months, working at La Défense or OECD, and are looking for an apartment with high standards, go no further. Suite Raphaël is the perfect place. Decorated with a mix of classical and modern features, it can host up to 6 persons, welcome more guests for dinners/ cocktail parties with its private bar and wealth of amenities. Shall we also mention the incredible view that this 10th floor penthouse-like offers on both West and East sides parts of Paris. In short, this 148 square meters delivers the goods. SUITE RAPHAEL IN A NUTSHELL Number of guests : 6  Size: 1593 sqFt or 148m2  Floor #:  10th  USA/ 9th French Sleepings:  1 King size bed + 1 Queen size bed + 1 sofa bed Bathrooms:  2 bathrooms Kitchen: All appliances and fixtures, induction stove, oven, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, freezer Electronics: Multiple Flatscreen TVs Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV, IP Phone NEIGHBORHOODS  8 min	If your are In Paris for a few weeks/ few months, working at La Défense or OECD, and are looking for an apartment with high standards, go no further.  If your are In Paris for a few weeks/ few months, working at La Défense or OECD, and are looking for an apartment with high standards, go no further. Suite Raphaël is the perfect place. Decorated with a mix of classical and modern features, it can host up to 6 persons, welcome more guests for dinners/ cocktail parties with its private bar and wealth of amenities. Shall we also mention the incredible view that this 10th floor penthouse-like offers on both West and East sides parts of Paris. In short, this 148 square meters delivers the goods. SUITE RAPHAEL IN A NUTSHELL Number of guests : 6  Size: 1593 sqFt or 148m2  Floor #:  10th  USA/ 9th French Sleepings:  1 King size bed + 1 Queen size bed + 1 sofa bed Bathrooms:  2 bathrooms Kitchen: All appliances and fixtures, induction stove, oven, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toas
24104	This penthouse oozes elegance and oriental style, making it the perfect choice for Paris lovers. A stunning array of furniture pieces, textures, patterns, accessories, and materials make up this eccentric living space and with an impressive view on the Bois de Boulogne.	It's a splendid 250m2 luxury penthouse with 3 bedrooms set in the heart of Paris 16th. This apartment is located on 6th and top floor (with lift) of a 19th century building. It makes the perfect choice for Paris lovers. This penthouse oozes elegance and oriental style, making it the perfect choice for Paris lovers. A stunning array of furniture pieces, textures, patterns, accessories, and materials make up this eccentric living space and with an impressive view on the Bois de Boulogne. This penthouse has luxurious amenities such as high-end appliances, finest materials fitting, luxurious flooring system. - The entrance : a magnificent entrance path with its crystal chandelier. It already reveals the standing of this apartment. - Living - dining area : A large double 60m2 living room, very cozy with a convivial atmosphere. The interior consists of large modern sofas and premium furniture, a fireplace, and many original items in decoration. Beside there is a 40m2 dining room suite with a
24105	﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Beautiful apartment for 1 or 2 people, located near the TROCADERO (5 min walk), in the 16th arondissement of Paris, at No. 85 AVENUE HENRI MARTIN, ideally located for start a nice visit of Paris (TROCADERO is the best view point on The Eiffel Tower). The apartment is located few walk to many shops (RUE DE LA POMPE) and transports (metro, rer, bus) in a quiet neighborhood of Paris. Building with character, quiet and secure. The apartment is on the 6th floor without elevator. He is equipped of 1 bathroom, 1 large pandris, a kitchenette with a bar, 1 ﻿washing machine and a living room/bedroom. He was fully refurbished this year. Ideal for single person or couple.	﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Beautiful apartment for 1 or 2 people, located near the TROCADERO (5 min walk), in the 16th arondissement of Paris, at No. 85 AVENUE HENRI MARTIN, ideally located for start a nice visit of Paris (TROCADERO is the best view point on The Eiffel Tower). The apartment is located few walk to many shops (RUE DE LA POMPE) and transports (metro, rer, bus) in a quiet neighborhood of Paris. Building with character, quiet and secure. The apartment is on the 6th floor without elevator. He is equipped of 1 bathroom, 1 large pandris, a kitchenette with a bar, 1 ﻿washing machine and a living room/bedroom. He was fully refurbished this year. Ideal for single person or couple.
24106	Appartement tout confort, lumineux, calme, très propre et agréable à vivre, cuisine aménagée et entièrement équipée, ainsi que salle de bain séparée. Placards et dressing à disposition.   Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez également une télévision écran plat, ainsi qu'un lecteur DVD et un accès internet en WIFI. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée, vous y trouverez plaque de cuisson, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, toaster, bouilloire, une machine a café, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement. La salle de bain est équipée d'une cabine de douche.	Appartement 2 pièces au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Neuf et très moderne, l'appartement se situe à 1 minute à pied du métro La Muette et du RER C Boulainvilliers. Appartement tout confort, lumineux, calme, très propre et agréable à vivre, cuisine aménagée et entièrement équipée, ainsi que salle de bain séparée. Placards et dressing à disposition.   Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez également une télévision écran plat, ainsi qu'un lecteur DVD et un accès internet en WIFI. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée, vous y trouverez plaque de cuisson, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, toaster, bouilloire, une machine a café, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement. La salle de bain est équipée d'une cabine de douche. L'appartement se trouve dans un quartier central, très commerçant, avec de nombreuses brasseries et restaurants tout budgets et tout près de la station de métro la Muette Un stand de taxi se trouve au co
24107		Appartement de 70 mètres carrés / double séjour / 2 chambres / balcon / vue panoramique
24108	Furnished 22m2 studio for rent in August 2015, very well located in Paris 16, near the Place Victor Hugo (between Trocadéro and the Champs-Elysées (10min)). It is located on the ground floor and overlooks a quiet courtyard. Metro 2.	Furnished 22m2 studio for rent in August 2015, very well located in Paris 16, near the Place Victor Hugo (between Trocadéro and the Champs-Elysées (10min)). It is located on the ground floor and overlooks a quiet courtyard. Metro 2. Near the metro 2, bus 22, 52 and 82
24109	The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. When you enter the apartment, one is immediately struck by the sense of space that emerges, from the large windows. Opening onto one of the finest views of the capital: the prestigious Avenue Foch and the Eiffel Tower, this apartment is sophisticated and elegant.  Decorated in a classic style with high quality furniture and three large sofas, the main room serves as a reception and dining room. Enjoy a sunny lunch outside on the balcony as it is furnished with a table and chairs.  The large master bedroom offers an equally stunning view, with western exposure and a view of the setting sun. Watch the Paris sky while lying in the king size bed, with the most beautiful buildings in the capital at your feet, it 	Large vintage apartment on the prestigious Avenue Foch, very comfortable, with two balconies offering beautiful views. Sleeps 4 people. The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. When you enter the apartment, one is immediately struck by the sense of space that emerges, from the large windows. Opening onto one of the finest views of the capital: the prestigious Avenue Foch and the Eiffel Tower, this apartment is sophisticated and elegant.  Decorated in a classic style with high quality furniture and three large sofas, the main room serves as a reception and dining room. Enjoy a sunny lunch outside on the balcony as it is furnished with a table and chairs.  The large master bedroom offers an equally stunning view, with western exposure and a view of t
24110	This beautiful 104sqm apartment is located on the 3rd french floor of a beautiful Haussman type building with elevator. The apartment can accomodates up to 6 people but is more suited for 4. It features a large dining/living room with a fully equipped open kitchen. The room is very bright with its 6 windows south and north. It offers a large dining table with chairs, a 140cm wide bed, a coffee table and a couple armchairs. The master bedroom is eqquiped with a 180cm wide bed, an ensuite bathroom with a bathtub and a large dressing room. The second bedroom is equipped with a 140cm wide bed and large closet. The second bedroom is equipped with a shower and a sink. Toilets are separated.	This 104 square meters 2 bedrooms apartment is located on avenue Saint Honore d`Eylau in the 16th district of Paris just next to the place Victor Hugo and not so far from Trocadero. It offers all the modern comfort to host up to 6 people. This beautiful 104sqm apartment is located on the 3rd french floor of a beautiful Haussman type building with elevator. The apartment can accomodates up to 6 people but is more suited for 4. It features a large dining/living room with a fully equipped open kitchen. The room is very bright with its 6 windows south and north. It offers a large dining table with chairs, a 140cm wide bed, a coffee table and a couple armchairs. The master bedroom is eqquiped with a 180cm wide bed, an ensuite bathroom with a bathtub and a large dressing room. The second bedroom is equipped with a 140cm wide bed and large closet. The second bedroom is equipped with a shower and a sink. Toilets are separated. The following equipments are at your disposal: - Wireless/Cable Int
24111	This large apartment, around 130m ² proposes two living rooms, one kitchen fully equipped, three bedrooms and two bathrooms. It offers modern living, brigh, high quality services and it can accommodate up to 7 persons. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, balcony terrace, kettle, central heating, air conditioning, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone and television with international TV channels. Living room With a surface of 30 sqm and has 2 windows facing Southeast. Equipped with: one desk, one sofa, one armchair, wooden floor and a coffee table. Living room With a surface of 20 sqm and has one window facing Southeast. Equipped with: bookcase, a sofa(s), two armchairs, wooden floor and a coffee table. The bathroom N° 1 Tiled floor, shower, one sink, h	This large apartment, around 130m ² proposes two living rooms, one kitchen fully equipped, three bedrooms and two bathrooms. It offers modern living, brigh, high quality services and it can accommodate up to 7 persons. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, balcony terrace, kettle, central heating, air conditioning, freezer, kitchen, digicode, shower, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, intercom, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone and television with international TV channels. Living room With a surface of 30 sqm and has 2 windows facing Southeast. Equipped with: one desk, one sofa, one armchair, wooden floor and a coffee table. Living room With a surface of 20 sqm and has one window facing Southeast. Equipped with: bookcase, a sofa(s), two armchairs, wooden floor and a coffee table. The bathroom N° 1 Tiled floor, shower, one sink, h
24112	"The studio has a superb location: 5mn walk from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the famous Rue de Passy with its nice bars, restaurants and luxurious shops (Tara Jarmon, Guerlain, Mauboussin, Christofle...) The Métro ""Passy"" (ligne6), ""La muette"" (ligne 9), ""Bougainvilliers"" RER C are closed by 3mn walk, Also Bus stations. The Apartment is newly renovated with very spacious and comfortable with a big size bed, a desk for work, a living place with a comfy sofa, the bathroom is nicely decorated. It has a very nice glass roof that let the sun in making it very luminous place. The glass roof functions automatically, as it has an automatic curtain. At the foot of the studio s door, you can enjoy a wonderful garden! The building is very luxurious with a concierge service, a luxurious hall with sofas, beautiful paintings and an fresh flowers bouquet renewed each 3 days."	"Beautiful spacious studio in a luxury residence with all utilities and conciergerie service. Few blocks from the Eiffel Tower, you will be charmed by the beautiful garden in the building.  The street is full of luxury shops and very nice restaurants. The studio has a superb location: 5mn walk from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the famous Rue de Passy with its nice bars, restaurants and luxurious shops (Tara Jarmon, Guerlain, Mauboussin, Christofle...) The Métro ""Passy"" (ligne6), ""La muette"" (ligne 9), ""Bougainvilliers"" RER C are closed by 3mn walk, Also Bus stations. The Apartment is newly renovated with very spacious and comfortable with a big size bed, a desk for work, a living place with a comfy sofa, the bathroom is nicely decorated. It has a very nice glass roof that let the sun in making it very luminous place. The glass roof functions automatically, as it has an automatic curtain. At the foot of the studio s door, you can enjoy a wonderful garden! The building is v"
24113	"I propose my fully furnished appartment, TV/Internet/International Phone, 2"" from the Seine, and 5"" by walk from Eiffel Tower. Living Room + 2 rooms : One double bedroom, one single bedroom + convertible couch in the living room. Metro Line 9/6/10, RER C (takes you directly to the main spots of Paris, St Michel/St Germain, Musee d'Orsay, Chateau De Versailles, etc.) Bus (phone number hidden) Best location, don't miss it ! "	"I propose my fully furnished appartment, TV/Internet/International Phone, 2"" from the Seine, and 5"" by walk from Eiffel Tower. Living Room + 2 rooms : One double bedroom, one single bedroom + convertible couch in the living room. Metro Line 9/6/10, RER C (takes you directly to the main spots of Paris, St Michel/St Germain, Musee d'Orsay, Chateau De Versailles, etc.) Bus (phone number hidden) Best location, don't miss it ! "
24114	This apartment is located on the 2nd floor a building with a lift. The access is secured with a door code. All the windows overlook the quiet courtyard. This 140 sqm (1400 sq ft) apartment is absolutely charming, it has seven rooms, three of them are separate bedrooms, two bathrooms and it can sleep up to five guests. It will be perfect for a family. The spacious entrance hall opens on the living-room that features several couches, every one will find his place here, all around an impressive decorative marble chimney. From the living-room you will access an office room equipped with a large desk. It will be perfect if you need a comfortable place to work. Through the dividing wall of the office room you can see the dining-room which is accessible it from the entrance hall. The dining-room has a very nice wooden table that can accommodate up to six guests. The equipped kitchen is open on the dining-room. From the dining area, a corridor will lead you to the master bedroom. It has a doub	Atypical 140 sqm 3-bedroom apartment with two bathrooms located in the prestigious 16th district in Paris. Comfortable and quiet, it will be perfect for a family. This apartment is located on the 2nd floor a building with a lift. The access is secured with a door code. All the windows overlook the quiet courtyard. This 140 sqm (1400 sq ft) apartment is absolutely charming, it has seven rooms, three of them are separate bedrooms, two bathrooms and it can sleep up to five guests. It will be perfect for a family. The spacious entrance hall opens on the living-room that features several couches, every one will find his place here, all around an impressive decorative marble chimney. From the living-room you will access an office room equipped with a large desk. It will be perfect if you need a comfortable place to work. Through the dividing wall of the office room you can see the dining-room which is accessible it from the entrance hall. The dining-room has a very nice wooden table that can
24115	Live like a Parisian! No more like a tourist I propose you a comfortable appartment which is located near Seine and Eiffel Tower, 1,6km from Trocadéro.  The appartment includes: - A sleeping room with a double bed - A living room with a sofa bed that turns easily into a double bed    - A kitchen with a dining area - A bathroom with shower - A toilet (separated from bathroom) This appartment welcomes you with: -broadband internet with unlimited wifi access -a refrigerator, kettle, a full set of dishes and utensils -sheets, towels  The apartment is at 4th floor, and there is NO elevator in the building.  There are bus and subway close to the appartment (direct line to Opera, Versailles). Chic and secure district, old stone building with guardian. Shops, supermarket (open until midnight) are nearby. There is a market twice a week.	Live like a Parisian! No more like a tourist I propose you a comfortable appartment which is located near Seine and Eiffel Tower, 1,6km from Trocadéro.  The appartment includes: - A sleeping room with a double bed - A living room with a sofa bed that turns easily into a double bed    - A kitchen with a dining area - A bathroom with shower - A toilet (separated from bathroom) This appartment welcomes you with: -broadband internet with unlimited wifi access -a refrigerator, kettle, a full set of dishes and utensils -sheets, towels  The apartment is at 4th floor, and there is NO elevator in the building.  There are bus and subway close to the appartment (direct line to Opera, Versailles). Chic and secure district, old stone building with guardian. Shops, supermarket (open until midnight) are nearby. There is a market twice a week. Please indicate at WHAT TIME you are arriving and leaving when you ask for information/reservation. Thank you! 
24116	Appartement de 29 m2 situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble résidentiel avec gardiens face à la Tour Eiffel avec un jardin intérieur. 2 pièces 1 chambre, 1 salon - salle à manger , cuisine équipée et salle de bains séparées avec lave-linge Linge fourni.	Paris 16eme, 100 m from the Pont d'Iéna, 3 min walk from the Trocadéro gardens and a 5min walk from the Eiffel Tour and Bateaux Mouches (sightseeing cruises). Walking distance from Iéna, Trocadéro and Passy métro stations. 1-bedroom, 29m2, apartment,
24117	"A lovely appartment of 21m2 in the fancy ""16th arrondissement"", one of the most chic neibourhood of Paris.Located at 13minutes by bus from the EIFFELTOWER and a direct bus line to the famous LOUVRE MUSEUM, CHAMPS ELYSEES, OPERA and CONCORDE. This charming flat is surounded by historical buildings.  So stay in my brand new studio, ideal for two persons max.  It includes:  - a luminous room with sofa, table, chairs, shelves, cupboards,  - a bed for 2 persons (140 cm)  - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates,fridge, an oven ,washing machine, dishes and anything you need to cook, coffee pot.  - a bathroom with a big shower, toilets I provide clean linenand towels,  iron, hairdryer, Internet WIFI. The studio is located on 2nd floor, in a secure Parisian residence.Easy to catch a taxi down the street or take one of the buses toward the key places of Paris. The apt is really calm with a fanstic vue of the Henri Collet park (5100m2),ideal for a morning run. Prices include electricity "	"A lovely appartment of 21m2 in the fancy ""16th arrondissement"", one of the most chic neibourhood of Paris.Located at 13minutes by bus from the EIFFELTOWER and a direct bus line to the famous LOUVRE MUSEUM, CHAMPS ELYSEES, OPERA and CONCORDE. This charming flat is surounded by historical buildings.  So stay in my brand new studio, ideal for two persons max.  It includes:  - a luminous room with sofa, table, chairs, shelves, cupboards,  - a bed for 2 persons (140 cm)  - kitchenette fully equipped with cooking plates,fridge, an oven ,washing machine, dishes and anything you need to cook, coffee pot.  - a bathroom with a big shower, toilets I provide clean linenand towels,  iron, hairdryer, Internet WIFI. The studio is located on 2nd floor, in a secure Parisian residence.Easy to catch a taxi down the street or take one of the buses toward the key places of Paris. The apt is really calm with a fanstic vue of the Henri Collet park (5100m2),ideal for a morning run. Prices include electricity "
24118	Easily accessible in a safe builging (digicode and building keeper), the studio is composed of a queen size bed, a kitchen fully furnished (dishwasher, laundry machine, oven..), a table with 4 chair , a bathroom and separated toilet. You also have a TV, wifi and the.. Wii!! With Mario Kart, Mario galaxie... There is no special view as the flat is overlooking the courtyard, but it makes it very quiet and fresh in summer. Accessible depuis les quais, dans un bel immeuble avec digicode et gardien, le studio est composé d'un lit double très confortable, une table avec 4 chaises, cuisine toute équipée (four, machine a laver lave vaisselle ...) d'une salle de bain et d'un WC séparé. Il y a aussi une TV, wifi et ... La Wii!! Mario kart, rayman, super Mario Galaxy.. Donnant sur cour, il n'a pas de vue mais est par contre très calme et frais en été.	Visiting or working in Paris for the weekend? Dump your suitcases in a clean, cosy and fully furnished studio in the heart of Passy. Along the quaysides of the Seine and at 4 minutes of the Eiffel Tower, you will be ideally situated. A bubble of peace in the city! Easily accessible in a safe builging (digicode and building keeper), the studio is composed of a queen size bed, a kitchen fully furnished (dishwasher, laundry machine, oven..), a table with 4 chair , a bathroom and separated toilet. You also have a TV, wifi and the.. Wii!! With Mario Kart, Mario galaxie... There is no special view as the flat is overlooking the courtyard, but it makes it very quiet and fresh in summer. Accessible depuis les quais, dans un bel immeuble avec digicode et gardien, le studio est composé d'un lit double très confortable, une table avec 4 chaises, cuisine toute équipée (four, machine a laver lave vaisselle ...) d'une salle de bain et d'un WC séparé. Il y a aussi une TV, wifi et ... La Wii!! Mario k
24119	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 35m2 and can welcome max 4 persons adults or 2 adults & 2 kids It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with ashower, toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed and a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3th floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming flat in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 35m2 and can welcome max 4 persons adults or 2 adults & 2 kids It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with ashower, toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed and a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 3th floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord. Very available you
24120		This lovely renovated flat of 30 m², located in the 16th arrondissement, is closed by the subway station (line 9) and 5 min walking distance from the RER C. You will find all the shops you need in the neighbourhood. There is a fitted and open kitchen to the living room. The bedroom has a double bed and a large dressing. There is free internet Wifi, TV cable, fridge, oven, hotplates, hair dryer, iron, water boil, washing machine, sofa bed. Metro Station : Ranelagh (line 9)
24121	Convertible with a sliding partition with a side bedroom and a side living room This 50 sqm studio is located on rue des Sablons in the 16th arrondissement of Paris Victor Hugo Trocadero district. It lies on 3rd French floor with escalator in a modern and secure building with a guard 24 hours 24. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel. A movable partition separates the bedroom side from the living room side.  Equipments at your disposal: Internet access with WiFi, international TV channels, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, central heating, freezer, hob, refrigerator, clothes horse, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, iron, ironing board, towels, television, vacuum,  living/dining room With a surface of 20 sqm and has 2 windows facing Southwest. Equipped with: bookcase, desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 5 chairs, an armchair, wooden floor, table, coffee	Convertible with a sliding partition with a side bedroom and a side living room This 50 sqm studio is located on rue des Sablons in the 16th arrondissement of Paris Victor Hugo Trocadero district. It lies on 3rd French floor with escalator in a modern and secure building with a guard 24 hours 24. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel. A movable partition separates the bedroom side from the living room side.  Equipments at your disposal: Internet access with WiFi, international TV channels, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, central heating, freezer, hob, refrigerator, clothes horse, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, iron, ironing board, towels, television, vacuum,  living/dining room With a surface of 20 sqm and has 2 windows facing Southwest. Equipped with: bookcase, desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 5 chairs, an armchair, wooden floor, table, coffee
24122	STANDING Building of very high standard, located in a private, calm and gated street and with a concierge. The Paris apartment is on the 5th floor with an elevator. LAYOUT Beautiful and spacious Paris apartment of 65m2 that has been recently renovated and elegantly furnished. The apartment is extremely bright and sunny with a view on the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower in the distance. It benefits from a large living room with dining area and a fully equipped eat-in kitchen. Double French doors lead to a bedroom with a double bed (160*200) and a beautiful marble en-suite bathroom with Jacuzzi and separate shower. The apartment has wireless high speed internet connection and TV cable. This short term rental apartment will make your stay in Paris unforgettable and you will feel very privileged here.	Near the the Arc De Triomphe and Champs Elysees, you will feel very privileged in this Paris short-term one-bedroom apartment rental and it will make your stay in the City of Lights unforgettable. STANDING Building of very high standard, located in a private, calm and gated street and with a concierge. The Paris apartment is on the 5th floor with an elevator. LAYOUT Beautiful and spacious Paris apartment of 65m2 that has been recently renovated and elegantly furnished. The apartment is extremely bright and sunny with a view on the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower in the distance. It benefits from a large living room with dining area and a fully equipped eat-in kitchen. Double French doors lead to a bedroom with a double bed (160*200) and a beautiful marble en-suite bathroom with Jacuzzi and separate shower. The apartment has wireless high speed internet connection and TV cable. This short term rental apartment will make your stay in Paris unforgettable and you will feel very privile
24123		Grand appartement qui peut loger une famille de  5 personnes. Les volumes sont spacieux et agréables à vivre. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme et idéalement placé à 200 mètres du Trocadéro. Parking au sous sol disponible et métro proche.
24124	"A beautiful apartment close to grocery store, shops,  bars and restaurants around ""la place du Trocadéro"" from which you will see the most amazing view of Eiffel Tower  The apartment is located on first floor of a secure building (door code + guardian).  The kitchen is fully equipped and ready to use   Linens are provided for all beds including sofa beds.  Towels are also provided (up to 8 people) You can also enjoy a projector such as to view your favorite movies or soccer games being almost on the ground movies!  And when you finished eating, our table for 8 persons can be transformed into an incredible pool table. You will appreciate the quality of this table that is constructed as professional tables where the board is made of one and the same slate plate."	"A beautiful and large 4 rooms apartment. It is located 2mn walk away from Place du Trocadéro.  It includes 2 bedrooms each with a double bed, a double living room with 2 giant sofa beds.  This apartment is without doubt the best base to visit Paris A beautiful apartment close to grocery store, shops,  bars and restaurants around ""la place du Trocadéro"" from which you will see the most amazing view of Eiffel Tower  The apartment is located on first floor of a secure building (door code + guardian).  The kitchen is fully equipped and ready to use   Linens are provided for all beds including sofa beds.  Towels are also provided (up to 8 people) You can also enjoy a projector such as to view your favorite movies or soccer games being almost on the ground movies!  And when you finished eating, our table for 8 persons can be transformed into an incredible pool table. You will appreciate the quality of this table that is constructed as professional tables where the board is made of one and th"
24125	Appartamento nuovo, molto caratteristico con un arredamento ricercato. 	Appartamento caratteristico, per 4 persone in zona Victor Hugo, Con due camere da letto matrimoniali , sala molto particolare, cucina attrezzata e bagno attrezzato con doccia. Dalle finestre potrete godere  di una vista sui tetti di Parigi. Nelle vic Appartamento nuovo, molto caratteristico con un arredamento ricercato. 
24126	Ideal location in the heart of one of Paris’ most beautiful neighborhoods and 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower.   The building and the apartment have just been renovated. Built in 1900, the apartment is elegantly appointed with wall moldings throughout and large mirrors in antique frames. Spacious, with entrance, separate living room, one bedroom with king-size bed (2 twins), brand new bathroom with bathtub and fully equipped kitchen.  Perfect for two people.	Experience Paris in this totally renovated 1 bedroom with separate living room apartment located in a chic and lively neighborhood in the heart of the 16th arrondissement: 5-minute walk to the subway and to the Eiffel Tower.  Full kitchen, king bed. Ideal location in the heart of one of Paris’ most beautiful neighborhoods and 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower.   The building and the apartment have just been renovated. Built in 1900, the apartment is elegantly appointed with wall moldings throughout and large mirrors in antique frames. Spacious, with entrance, separate living room, one bedroom with king-size bed (2 twins), brand new bathroom with bathtub and fully equipped kitchen.  Perfect for two people. Washing machine, microwave, cooktop, coffee maker, kettle, cooking utensils, fridge, freezer. Possibility to have a car available on demand. Calm and lively at the same time, the XVI arrondissement was built essentially in the XIX century and it is a perfect example of Haussmann styl
24127	A very sweet and cosy flat, just in front of the Eiffel Tower, Kitchen, Shower inside the Room. Room is available in July, August, September , October and December. Métro Passy  Studio de 11 m2 sous les toits de Paris ,  entièrement au calme, TV murale   avec télécommande, Wifi,   1 Vrai Lit pour 1 personne  Coin cuisine équipée ( Evier, Plaques Vitrocéramiques à induction, Réfrigérateur, Lave Linge, Micro Ondes, Nespresso, assiettes, casseroles, couverts, verres  etc…) Salle de douche  Linge fourni ( draps, serviettes, draps de bain, torchons) Placards et penderie,  Bureau et table avec chaises  Grande fenêtre  Chauffage central Il est lumineux, pratique et très agréable à vivre Très bon agencement pour ce studio, aucune place perdue.	Entre le Metro Passy et Trocadéro, ravissante studette de 11 m2 entièrement meublée, très lumineuse, avec vue sur (website hidden) 8ème étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5ème .  Dans un immeuble de grand standing haussmannien , sécurisé ( gardien , digicode) A very sweet and cosy flat, just in front of the Eiffel Tower, Kitchen, Shower inside the Room. Room is available in July, August, September , October and December. Métro Passy  Studio de 11 m2 sous les toits de Paris ,  entièrement au calme, TV murale   avec télécommande, Wifi,   1 Vrai Lit pour 1 personne  Coin cuisine équipée ( Evier, Plaques Vitrocéramiques à induction, Réfrigérateur, Lave Linge, Micro Ondes, Nespresso, assiettes, casseroles, couverts, verres  etc…) Salle de douche  Linge fourni ( draps, serviettes, draps de bain, torchons) Placards et penderie,  Bureau et table avec chaises  Grande fenêtre  Chauffage central Il est lumineux, pratique et très agréable à vivre Très bon agencement pour ce studio, aucune place perdue.
24128	Amazing view from the terrace and the living room on the Eiffel tower (unoverlooked) 60m² apartment  23m² terrace Quiet and clean (recently refurbished) 1 quiet bedroom with a queen size bed (160 cm) 1 bathroom with shower	"Refurbished 60m²/650 sqm apartment in the most exclusive district in Paris (16th). Great view on the Eiffel Tower from the 23m²/250sqm terrace. Located 100m from metro station (L9), 300m from Trocadero.  Quiet neighbourhood. 1 Bedroom with shower. Amazing view from the terrace and the living room on the Eiffel tower (unoverlooked) 60m² apartment  23m² terrace Quiet and clean (recently refurbished) 1 quiet bedroom with a queen size bed (160 cm) 1 bathroom with shower Full apartment  Depends. Mail/phone anyway. Located near Trocadero, the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe. 5 minutes from the lake of Bois de Boulogne 5 minutes away from the exclusive Avenue Victor Hugo (with luxury shops) Close to the commercial district of Passy (shops and restaurants) Ideally situated in a quiet street near to all amenities. Buses (52, 63...),  Metro ""Rue de la Pompe"" L9 RER C Taxi station"
24129		Large living room with fully equipped kitchen  to cook like locals. One bedroom for parents and 2 bedromms for kids. Perfect and recommended for one familly with 2 kids. Very close to metro stations, supermarkets, food stores and restaurants.
24130	Proximité des champs elysée , au pied de l'arc de triomphe  A 5 min min à pieds de la tour eiffel ( Place Trocadéro)	Beautiful flat , perfect locatin in the center ofParis , 5 minuts to the best avenue in the world champs elysée , 5 minuts to eiffel eiffel tour, subway Ligne 2 , Ligne 1, Ligne 6 Proximité des champs elysée , au pied de l'arc de triomphe  A 5 min min à pieds de la tour eiffel ( Place Trocadéro) terasse avec canapé et table + chaises Le quartier est calme et riche en histoire reliant la place trocadero, place victor hugo et l'arc de triomphe. Ligne 1 , Ligne 2 , Ligne 6 RER  A + plusieurs lignes de bus
24131		Appt (2nd floor with elevator) is located in the 16 arrondissement of Paris. This charming apartment can welcome up to three people and is the ideal place for couples/tourists or businessmen to live like a real Parisian.
24132	Nice Flat of 34m² located in a nice typical Parisian building of the 16th district. The flat has one big and comfortable convertible sofa into a bed for 2 persons. This sofa is very very comfortable ( we tried it :) ) . The flat is Located on the 1st floor of the building which has a lift. You have space available to put your stuff during your stay in the flat. In the living room there a big tv which allow you to watch some movies in a comfortable way. There is a washing machine that also dry clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: coffee machine,micro wave, cooker ... There is a counter that is used to take your breakfast. The flat has a wifi connection. There is toilet and bathroom also in the flat. Linen is provided for your stay. Here you have a service like in an hotel but you are at home. For further information, we are at your disposal. Anne-Sophie and Maxime. Regards	Nice Flat of 34m² located in a nice typical Parisian building of the 16th district. The flat has one big and comfortable convertible sofa into a bed for 2 persons. This sofa is very very comfortable ( we tried it :) ) . The flat is Located on the 1st floor of the building which has a lift. You have space available to put your stuff during your stay in the flat. In the living room there a big tv which allow you to watch some movies in a comfortable way. There is a washing machine that also dry clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need: coffee machine,micro wave, cooker ... There is a counter that is used to take your breakfast. The flat has a wifi connection. There is toilet and bathroom also in the flat. Linen is provided for your stay. Here you have a service like in an hotel but you are at home. For further information, we are at your disposal. Anne-Sophie and Maxime. Regards The flat is all yours during your stay. I will be there for the check-in and also for t
24133	Idéalement situé , l'appartement est composé d'un grand salon , cuisine américaine , une vaste salle de bain , et une chambre.	Charmant deux pièces,  à 5 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro,en plein coeur d'un quartier commerçant situé dans le 16 eme, idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Idéalement situé , l'appartement est composé d'un grand salon , cuisine américaine , une vaste salle de bain , et une chambre. L'intégralité de l'appartement. N'hésitez pas pour toutes demandes, ou informations supplémentaires Au coeur du quartier commercant du 16 eme arrondissement , vous trouverrez de nombreux , commerces , restaurants , enseigne , tout a 5 min à pied de l'appartement. Les ligne 2 et 6 du Métro sont à proximité. Bus 52 et 82
24134		appartement 80 m2 , grand séjour, 2 chambres dont une parentale avec lit double 160 , et canapé lit pour la 2eme chambre . lave vaisselle, TV, wifi, nespresso, SDB avec baignoire, draps + linge toilette fournis.
24135	Apartment full of charm, 30 m2, completely furnished, two minutes near Trocadero's square 5 minutes of the Victor Hugo's square.. You can contemplate the Eiffel Tower 2 min after leaving the appartment. Lots of small restaurants in the district and stores for your shopping sessions. You have two subway's stations to the Champs-Elysées, 6 stations to Opera and 15 min to Montparnasse.	Apartment full of charm, 30 m2, completely furnished, two minutes near Trocadero's square 5 minutes of the Victor Hugo's square.. You can contemplate the Eiffel Tower 2 min after leaving the appartment. Lots of small restaurants in the district and stores for your shopping sessions. You have two subway's stations to the Champs-Elysées, 6 stations to Opera and 15 min to Montparnasse.
24136	Entrée et couloir avec placards. Salle d'eau avec grande douche et WC. Cuisine équipée avec plaques, four, micro ondes, cafetiere Nespresso, bouilloire, lave vaisselle, grille pain, lave linge séchant, vaisselle,.... Fer et table à repasser.	"Studio de 38m2 avec canapé lit très confortable, table et chaises pour les repas, bureau, télévision . Appartement calme donnant sur jardin, petit balcon agréable l'été. Entrée et couloir avec placards. Salle d'eau avec grande douche et WC. Cuisine équipée avec plaques, four, micro ondes, cafetiere Nespresso, bouilloire, lave vaisselle, grille pain, lave linge séchant, vaisselle,.... Fer et table à repasser. Je vous rencontre à votre arrivée et à votre départ, mais habite dans un autre appartement. Je parle français et anglais. Quartier familial avec tous les commerces : supermarché, boulangerie,... Station de métro ""rue de la Pompe"", ligne 9. Bus"
24137		PUBLIC TRANSPORT: Metro stations (within walking distance) * Rue de la pompe station - Line 9 (4 min) * La Muette station - Line 9 (5 min) RER station *Avenue Henri Martin -Line C (8 min) direct to Musee d'Orsay, Eiffel tower, Invalides, Chateau-Versailles & Latin Quarter AROUND THE APPARTMENT: 10 min walk from Trocadero/ view Eiffel Tower  10 min walk to famous Guimet Asia museum, museum of Modern Art, museum of Architecture, Tokyo Palace (museum)  10 min walk from trendy Ternes district with all restaurants  15 min walk from Pleyel concert opera  5 min walk from highly frequented Bois de Boulogne (largest forrest within Paris center - perfect for picnics at the 2 famous lakes)  5 min walk from Victor Hugo district (restaurants and French cafes)  5 min walk from UGC cinema  5 min direct metro to Business Center La DEFENSE  5 min direct metro to Eiffel Tower/ Invalides/ Musee d'Orsay  10 min direct metro to Latin Quarter  20 min direct metro to Versailles Castle  10 min by car from Gol
24138	Des travaux réalisés avec goût avec tout le confort nécessaire à votre séjour. Il peut accueillir deux personnes et possède un placard, une salle de douche avec WC et lave linge, un coin cuisine et un espace pour pour manger à deux.	This studio can accommodate 2 people and offers all the comforts for your stay in Paris. In a beautiful and secure building few steps only from the Trocadero area, and a few stops from the Champs Elysees and major tourist sites, shops and restaurants
24139	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests.  The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. 	Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment is idealy located on the famous avenue Paul Doumer. In the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from the Eiffel Tower and near from the Champs Elysée. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests.  The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.  There are 3 divided rooms with 3 (website hidden), WIFI all included. Guest safe for valuables installed. *Check-In time: 3pm / Check-Out time: 10am  *Other times might be available depending on the previous guests check out and next guests check in times. If you want to explore the vibrant culture of Paris , this is the neighborhood for you. Rue de Passy was recently rated by Le Figaro Magazine as one o
24140	"Une belle salle de bains avec baignoire, un petit balcon avec une vue ""imprenable"" sur la Tour Eiffel et la Seine. Ce studio se compose d'une pièce principale avec lit 2 places, pas de cuisine, mais un coin ""breakfast"" avec machine  ""Nespresso"", théière, grille-pain, four micro ondes, un petit frigo, WIFI, une tv écran plat le calme caractérise ce studio et la vue vous aidera à capter la sérénité du lieu A 2min de la station de RER C ""bd Victor"", 7mn du Musée du Quai BRANLY, 12mn du Musée D'Orsay,15 mn de St Germain des Près, 5 mn du métro, station de Velib à proximité, vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter Paris "	"Une belle salle de bains avec baignoire, un petit balcon avec une vue ""imprenable"" sur la Tour Eiffel et la Seine. Ce studio se compose d'une pièce principale avec lit 2 places, pas de cuisine, mais un coin ""breakfast"" avec machine  ""Nespresso"", théière, grille-pain, four micro ondes, un petit frigo, WIFI, une tv écran plat le calme caractérise ce studio et la vue vous aidera à capter la sérénité du lieu A 2min de la station de RER C ""bd Victor"", 7mn du Musée du Quai BRANLY, 12mn du Musée D'Orsay,15 mn de St Germain des Près, 5 mn du métro, station de Velib à proximité, vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter Paris  accès wifi illimité, télévision , four micro ondes et café nespresso Un service de ménage peut également vous êtres proposer moyennant un petit supplément. je suis à votre disposition pour faire des 'plans de visite"" de notre belle capitale On the 7th floor of a beautiful building ""Hausmann"". This studio is composed of a main room with bed 2 places, no kitchen but a breakf"
24141	grand 2 pièces à deux pas Champs Elysées et Tour Eiffel	Appartement avec 1 lit de 140 un canapé lit pour 2 Une salle de bain entièrement équipé Petite cuisine surface totale 60m2 grand 2 pièces à deux pas Champs Elysées et Tour Eiffel
24142	Charming flat with balcony in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 45m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with bath, toilets, vanity unit), a beautiful spacious open kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable double bed and one convertible bed, table, sofa... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a luxury french building at 1st floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. 	            Charming flat with balcony in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower          Charming flat with balcony in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 45m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with bath, toilets, vanity unit), a beautiful spacious open kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable double bed and one convertible bed, table, sofa... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a luxury french building at 1st floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. You can easily reach the apartment from the parisian airp
24143	"For a weekend, enjoy a warm and bright apartment, located in the 16e in a ""Parisian bourgeois"" building . Thank you to note that we live in this apartment the week, so the apartment is ""ready to live "" ... You can have the whole apartment at your leisure, in addition to a room next to the bedroom now serves as our closet / dressing room, but you can leave your suitcases ..."	"Cozy apartment  38m2 on the fourth floor with elevator located 2 minutes from the metro Exelmans . - 1 bedroom with a double bed. - 1 living room with a comfortable sofa bed , a small table with two chairs and two stools, a TV stand and a TV . - 1 small kitchen with fridge , oven , stove and cooking utensils. It is a typically Parisian apartment with large windows in every room , fireplaces and beautiful wood floors . The decor is quite modern . For a weekend, enjoy a warm and bright apartment, located in the 16e in a ""Parisian bourgeois"" building . Thank you to note that we live in this apartment the week, so the apartment is ""ready to live "" ... You can have the whole apartment at your leisure, in addition to a room next to the bedroom now serves as our closet / dressing room, but you can leave your suitcases ... The apartment is located 2 minutes from the subway exit 3 Exelmans (line 9) A Velib station and a bus stop ( Bus No. 62) are at the foot of the building. The Champs -Elysées"
24144		Magnifique appartement a Auteuil, proche de toute commodités, transport et magasins a proximité immédiate. Pouvant loger 4 personnes, il est a 15 min de la tour Eiffel, 2 min des quais des seines et 20 min des champs Elysées.
24145	Beau studio de 30m2 confortable en plein coeur de Paris. Fonctionnel et calme, ce studio se compose comme tel : - Grande pièce à vivre donnant sur une petite cour. Tout confort comprenant un lit.  - Cabinet de toilette avec douche, lavabo, WC. - Cuisine fermée équipée avec accessoires de cuisine et vaisselle fournis. - Penderie et rangements à disposition. 	Beau studio au coeur de Paris, calme et très bien desservi. Grande pièce à vivre avec un lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes, une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée. Beau studio de 30m2 confortable en plein coeur de Paris. Fonctionnel et calme, ce studio se compose comme tel : - Grande pièce à vivre donnant sur une petite cour. Tout confort comprenant un lit.  - Cabinet de toilette avec douche, lavabo, WC. - Cuisine fermée équipée avec accessoires de cuisine et vaisselle fournis. - Penderie et rangements à disposition. Accès libre à l'ensemble des contenus disponibles (frigidaire, congélateur, garde manger,...). Accès à l'appartement : faire le code à l'entrée puis entrez dans le hall, ouvrir la seconde porte puis une fois dans la cour de l'immeuble, l'appartement se trouve au rez de chaussée à gauche. Disponible et réactive, je serai à votre disposition pour toutes demandes, bons plans et autres, lors de votre séjour. Le quartier de Passy et au coeur des plus beaux monuments de Pa
24146	"This wonderful studio is located in the best possible area one could find in Paris: the ""Golden Triangle"". It is situated in the prestigious and secure 16th district, a few steps away from the Champs-Elysées (5mn walk), the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk), the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower (5mn walk), and many museums. It is composed of: - A living/bedroom with 1 double bed , a large sofa bed (very comfortable) and an LCD TV. Free WIFI is included. - A kitchen with a fridge, oven, washing machine etc. - A bathroom  - A balcony  This 3rd floor apartment is very sunny and offers a wonderful view on a private garden. A little heaven in the heart of Paris! More precisely, the building is located right next to the beautiful Place des Etats-Unis in an exclusive neighbourhood that is calm and residential, yet extremely close to all the activities the city has to offer. For shopaholics or nightlife lovers, the Champs Elysées is the best place to find all the famous boutiques, cafes, restaurants,  "	"Lovely studio located in one of the best and most prestigious places in Paris. Walking distance to major attractions: Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, and many museums. Everything needed nearby. Very secure building and neighbourhood. This wonderful studio is located in the best possible area one could find in Paris: the ""Golden Triangle"". It is situated in the prestigious and secure 16th district, a few steps away from the Champs-Elysées (5mn walk), the Arc de Triomphe (2mn walk), the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower (5mn walk), and many museums. It is composed of: - A living/bedroom with 1 double bed , a large sofa bed (very comfortable) and an LCD TV. Free WIFI is included. - A kitchen with a fridge, oven, washing machine etc. - A bathroom  - A balcony  This 3rd floor apartment is very sunny and offers a wonderful view on a private garden. A little heaven in the heart of Paris! More precisely, the building is located right next to the beautiful Place des Etats-Unis in an"
24147		Very beautiful flat in Paris 500 meters from Eiffel Tower and 200 meters from Place du Trocadéro.135 square meters with a large reception room, a dining room, two king size beds, two bathrooms. Delicate fifties furniture. 85 square meters terrasse
24148	Joli Appartement de 52m2 de type haussmannien, look artiste situé entre le Trocadéro et la Place Charles de Gaulle-Etoile. L'immeuble est très calme et donne sur une cour. Nombreux commerces, pharmacie, tabac, en bas de l'immeuble/ ouverts également le dimanche. Shopping (rue de la Pompe et rue de Passy) à 2 pas (confère plan). Il s'agit d'un appartement constitué de : - Une cuisine équipée, disposant de tout l'électroménager nécessaire (four, plaques, micro onde, frigo, lave vaisselle, blender etc.) + coin dînette avec table, chaise et tabouret  - Une chambre cosy séparée, équipée d'un lit 2 places (160 cm x 200 cm) + placard de rangement + TV - Un salon coloré joliment décoré d'oeuvres d'artistes + big TV + Freebox V6 (internet, téléphone illimité, chaînes cablées) + canapé 3 places faisant couchage pour 1 personne + chauffeuse Ligne Roset + table basse + table en bois pour dîner + chaises Knoll + etc. - Une salle de bain équipée avec baignoire + lave linge - Un WC séparé - Placard d	Joli Appartement de 52m2 de type haussmannien, look artiste situé entre le Trocadéro et la Place Charles de Gaulle-Etoile. L'immeuble est très calme et donne sur une cour. Nombreux commerces, pharmacie, tabac, en bas de l'immeuble/ ouverts également le dimanche. Shopping (rue de la Pompe et rue de Passy) à 2 pas (confère plan). Il s'agit d'un appartement constitué de : - Une cuisine équipée, disposant de tout l'électroménager nécessaire (four, plaques, micro onde, frigo, lave vaisselle, blender etc.) + coin dînette avec table, chaise et tabouret  - Une chambre cosy séparée, équipée d'un lit 2 places (160 cm x 200 cm) + placard de rangement + TV - Un salon coloré joliment décoré d'oeuvres d'artistes + big TV + Freebox V6 (internet, téléphone illimité, chaînes cablées) + canapé 3 places faisant couchage pour 1 personne + chauffeuse Ligne Roset + table basse + table en bois pour dîner + chaises Knoll + etc. - Une salle de bain équipée avec baignoire + lave linge - Un WC séparé - Placard d
24149	Studio with Terrace.... Peacefull! Comfort / Standing 2 Beds of 90cm being able to meet to make 1 king size Fully-equipped kitchen Italian-style shower WIFI	Studio with Terrace.... Peacefull! Comfort / Standing 2 Beds of 90cm being able to meet to make 1 king size Fully-equipped kitchen Italian-style shower WIFI
24150		Cosy apartment studio 10 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, and 5 minutes away from Place Trocadéro. Fully equipped, you will be able to live like a parisian in Paris.  
24151	Studio très agréable à vivre car spacieux et lumineux (3 grandes fenêtres et deux petites). Ce petit nid douillet décoré avec gout comprend: - une grande pièce de séjour de 50m2 avec un lit de 160cm, un grand canapé (convertible en lit), une  cuisine à l'américaine entièrement équipée (Four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, nombreux ustensiles de cuisine); - une salle de bain avec baignoire (sèche cheveux, shampoing); - des toilettes séparées; L'appartement est équipé d'Internet haut débit Wifi, d'une télévision et d'un système son Bose. Parfait pour deux personnes ou un couple avec un enfant. Vous serez forcément séduit. N'hésitez pas si vous avez d'autres questions à me poser. Studio flat very pleasant to live in and very bright. This perfect cosy nest and well-decorated included: - a large living room (50m2) with a double bed (160cm), a large sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge, electric hotplates, N	Grand studio esprit loft, idéal pour un we à Paris en amoureux ou avec un enfant. Chaleureux, cosy et très lumineux. Joliment décoré.  Très bien situé dans quartier chic parisien. Parfait pour profiter pleinement de Paris. Studio très agréable à vivre car spacieux et lumineux (3 grandes fenêtres et deux petites). Ce petit nid douillet décoré avec gout comprend: - une grande pièce de séjour de 50m2 avec un lit de 160cm, un grand canapé (convertible en lit), une  cuisine à l'américaine entièrement équipée (Four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, nombreux ustensiles de cuisine); - une salle de bain avec baignoire (sèche cheveux, shampoing); - des toilettes séparées; L'appartement est équipé d'Internet haut débit Wifi, d'une télévision et d'un système son Bose. Parfait pour deux personnes ou un couple avec un enfant. Vous serez forcément séduit. N'hésitez pas si vous avez d'autres questions à me poser. Studio flat very pleasant to 
24152	Independant room with salitary,  ideal for a student	Cosy room equipped with sanitary, microwave, fridge Last floor, with elevator  High standing building Apartment is professionally cleaned between each rental and you are provided with fresh bed sheets and towels. Supermarket across the street, Metro (Porte Maillot) at 1 min walk Please note that electricity is not included in rent (heating system is electric). A deposit of 100€ is requested when you arrive and balance is settled monthly based on your usage. Independant room with salitary,  ideal for a student - Fridge,  - Toilet - Shower and sink - TV - Free wifi access You will be welcomed physically at arrival and departure All convenience stores neaby: - Supermarket - Frozen food supermarket - Bakery - Pharmacy - Shopping mall (5 min) - 5 min from parc (bois de Boulogne) Metro is at 1 min, many buses and direct access to/from Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport
24153	"VERY GOOD STANDING - very ""chic"" area, near champs élysées.  Living room and bed room opening onto the terrace. Possibility of outdoor dining table for 4 people with a nice view and calm area. Well decorated and furnished apartment with bay windows. New Equipments : flat screen, freezer and fridge recessed,  hotplates, dishwasher, washing machine, vacuum cleaner, laundry."	"LUXURIOUS - Floor 7th elevator. Apartment with bay windows facing south with balcony/terrace : outdoor dining table for 4 people. 1 bedroom with a luxury bed and 1new bathroom 1 living room with a sofa bed, flat screen, 1kitchen with all&new equipments VERY GOOD STANDING - very ""chic"" area, near champs élysées.  Living room and bed room opening onto the terrace. Possibility of outdoor dining table for 4 people with a nice view and calm area. Well decorated and furnished apartment with bay windows. New Equipments : flat screen, freezer and fridge recessed,  hotplates, dishwasher, washing machine, vacuum cleaner, laundry. All apartment is available for you I will be pleased to give you all information you need about restaurants, museums, what to visit first, where to go and not go and where to do shopping. It is a typical french street with trees and flowers. It is like a village : street with mansions and stores are around the corner. 10 minutes walk from champs élysées. Metro/subway : "
24154	We are very well situated   between Trocadero , Passy and Eiffel Tower . Perfect place to visit  this and any others areas of Paris and to have comfortable  , easy everyday life: Franprix  - big market is in 50m ,  long rue de Passy commerçante- street with everything you may need : pharmacies, clothing, sheets , phone cards and i tunes , playstation games other adults and children,many all around  Good french restaurants , and Japanese , Chinese, Russian ect  Many cafes, bars : lounge and trendy , BP petrol station , a grocery until late , 3 taxi ranks (stations) , many buses but also museums : Human and heritage, Navy, Marmittan , Tokyo palace , Maison de Balzac , the arc of Triumph ect Passy or Trocadero subway or rue de la Pompe bus (phone number hidden) Taxi stations, or just our PARKING  place under the building  30 m from door of apartment  for rent on request as well . AND   we have very great equipment for adults ,children, and babies  many cupboards for your clothes ,  all th	Trocadero near the Eiffel Tower 109m2 apartment , renovated ,luxurious,  furnished,  very well  equipped for children  and babies . We have an entrance corridor, living room, dinning room ,full equipped kitchen , 3 bedrooms, large marble spa bath one spa shower , 2 marble toilets and bidet. Possibility: parking, top quality regular cleaning , nanny. We are very well situated   between Trocadero , Passy and Eiffel Tower . Perfect place to visit  this and any others areas of Paris and to have comfortable  , easy everyday life: Franprix  - big market is in 50m ,  long rue de Passy commerçante- street with everything you may need : pharmacies, clothing, sheets , phone cards and i tunes , playstation games other adults and children,many all around  Good french restaurants , and Japanese , Chinese, Russian ect  Many cafes, bars : lounge and trendy , BP petrol station , a grocery until late , 3 taxi ranks (stations) , many buses but also museums : Human and heritage, Navy, Marmittan , Tokyo p
24155	This lovely studio with balcony and stunning view over the Paris roofs can accommodate two people and is centrally located in a quiet street, 15 min from Eiffel tower, Bois de Boulogne, Roland Garros. Enjoy its proximity to everything ! Exceptional views from the balcony. Passy neighborhood, close to Eiffel Tower, very clear. Reception at any time from 9am. Completely independent accommodation. My wife and I live 15 minutes from the studio and are fully available for our guests.  I speak fluent English. Quiet apartment in lively neighborhood: Eiffel Tower with its gardens and museums, the Seine nearby shops in the latest fashion, restaurants, shops, laundry, post office, cinema, bike hire. Immediate access to metro, airport RER, taxis, buses, rental bicycles and electric cars. 	This charming apartment with balcony and stunning views over the rooftops of Paris sleeps two and is located in a quiet street, 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, Bois de Boulogne, Roland Garros. Take advantage of its proximity to the heart of Paris. This lovely studio with balcony and stunning view over the Paris roofs can accommodate two people and is centrally located in a quiet street, 15 min from Eiffel tower, Bois de Boulogne, Roland Garros. Enjoy its proximity to everything ! Exceptional views from the balcony. Passy neighborhood, close to Eiffel Tower, very clear. Reception at any time from 9am. Completely independent accommodation. My wife and I live 15 minutes from the studio and are fully available for our guests.  I speak fluent English. Quiet apartment in lively neighborhood: Eiffel Tower with its gardens and museums, the Seine nearby shops in the latest fashion, restaurants, shops, laundry, post office, cinema, bike hire. Immediate access to metro, airport RER, taxis, buse
24156	Bel immeuble haussmannien datant du 19ème siècle. Parquet d'époque, moulures dorées au plafond par l'architecte Lablaude	Au coeur des beaux quartiers parisiens, studio de 20m² dans un beau bâtiment haussmannien, à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. A caractère ancien, il possède un beau parquet d'époque et des moulures dorées au plafond Bel immeuble haussmannien datant du 19ème siècle. Parquet d'époque, moulures dorées au plafond par l'architecte Lablaude La petite cour extérieure (non privatisée), en face de ma fenêtre et l'entrée du bâtiment Je resterai toujours disponible sur mon portable et assez souvent sur Paris. Appartement au coeur des beaux quartiers parisiens, à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Il y a beaucoup de parcs à proximité (idéal pour les personnes qui aiment le vélo et le footing). Le grand bois de Boulogne est à 15-20 minutes à pied (forêt, lacs et restaurants de luxe).  A 5 minutes à pied du métro PASSY et du métro LA MUETTE. Franprix et Monoprix à 2 minutes pour faire ses courses. Plusieurs laveries automatiques à proximité de l'appartement.  La rue de Passy, perpendiculaire à
24157	The apartment is spacious by Parisian standards and has been beautifully renovated with great taste and flair. It is light and bright with very high ceilings, contemporary furnishings, wood parquet floors, and a large skylight and windows that take full advantage of the splendid view. The entrance leads to the main room with open kitchen, dining and living areas overlooking the Parisian rooftops and the Trocadéro gardens. In the sitting area there is a cream-colored sofa (which can be converted to a bed for up to two or more guests in case of company) and two armchairs grouped around a coffee table. The open kitchen is fully-equipped and has white cabinets and an array of quality appliances, cookware, dishes, glasses and flatware. Adjoining to the kitchen space is the dining area with table and chairs for 6 people. There are a total of 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom. The bedrooms are nicely decorated and provide ample wardrobe space. The larger bedroom has a queen size bed and the smaller b	A beautiful two bedroom former artist’s studio, exceptional in every way, featuring superb views of the Place du Trocadéro, Sacre Coeur and the Eiffel tower. The apartment is spacious by Parisian standards and has been beautifully renovated with great taste and flair. It is light and bright with very high ceilings, contemporary furnishings, wood parquet floors, and a large skylight and windows that take full advantage of the splendid view. The entrance leads to the main room with open kitchen, dining and living areas overlooking the Parisian rooftops and the Trocadéro gardens. In the sitting area there is a cream-colored sofa (which can be converted to a bed for up to two or more guests in case of company) and two armchairs grouped around a coffee table. The open kitchen is fully-equipped and has white cabinets and an array of quality appliances, cookware, dishes, glasses and flatware. Adjoining to the kitchen space is the dining area with table and chairs for 6 people. There are a tot
24158		Deux pièces dans le 16eme arrondissement, proche de la place de l'étoile, des commerces et du métro (ligne 2 Victor Hugo et ligne 6 Boissière).  Appartement très fonctionnel, cuisine équipée ouverte sur la pièce à vivre, une chambre, une salle de bain. Métro ligne 2 : Victor Hugo Métro ligne 6 : Boissière  Métro ligne 1 : Charles de Gaulle Etoile
24159	The apartment has something which is very rare in Paris and in particular in the 16th : a private garden!  Near the location you can find many shops: bakeries, butcher'shop, shoe repair shop, hypermarket, steam pressing, florist, restaurants, bars etc...   The district is very safe. Yous have the metro, the bus stops and taxis in the street.	Beautiful apartment all white in the 16th of Paris, near place Victor Hugo, Trocadéro, Eiffel tower and Champs Elysées.  It takes between 5 and 10 minutes to go by walk in all those places. Near the apartment, you'll find all the shops you need!     The apartment has something which is very rare in Paris and in particular in the 16th : a private garden!  Near the location you can find many shops: bakeries, butcher'shop, shoe repair shop, hypermarket, steam pressing, florist, restaurants, bars etc...   The district is very safe. Yous have the metro, the bus stops and taxis in the street. In the apartement you'll find everything you need: a fully-equipped kitchen, sheets and bath towels are supplied.  You will have internet in WiFi and more than 200 TV channels by the cable. I am sure that you will appreciate your journey !  I shall be reachable during all the duration of your journey, by telephone and shall be at your disposal if you need good places in the district. What I like in my d
24160	quartier très calme 	Appartement de 30 mètres carrés (Métro Jasmin), proche magasins, restaurants, station de vélib a 30 metres l'immeuble. Sur la ligne 9 accès direct aux Champs Elysées (10mn), et tour Eiffel 5min quartier très calme proche de la ligne de metro Jasmin
24161	The Appartment is located in an authentic parisian building on a quiet courtyard and a safe area of the 16th district of Paris. A peaceful setting with a touch of Art Deco style. Newly refurbished, the Apartment is confortable with modern amenities, a fully equiped kitchen and a high quality sofa wich make the apartment up to 4 sleep. Perfect with young childrens. The master bedroom with a queen size bed has its own ensuite bathroom with a large step in shower. There is also a cable TV with international channel, wifi and freeland lines call to Europe and US. Last but not least, the street is filled with bakeries, patisseries, café, Restaurants, wine store, old french candy shop, delicatessen and open market on wenesday and Saturday. Like a real Parisian, you will feel like home and enjoy the french art of leaving.	Welcome to the heart of Paris. Few steps away from the Champs Elysées, the Arc de triomphe, the Avenue montaigne, the Trocadero and the Eiffel tower. A hotspot for Parisian luxury. The Appartment, totally renovated in 2014. Wifi with high speed connection, international TV. In the appartment you can find a washing machine, cloth dryer, and amenities as in a hotel. 
24162	"Magnificent house on private wooded yard: absolute luxury in the heart of Paris.  It includes a large bedroom, a bathroom with bath and a fully equipped kitchen.  The ideal home for your stay in PARIS. Your own little house in the heart of Paris: luxury and refinement will be waiting for you  The house has been completely renovated and equipped with materials and equipment of high quality.  In the heart of one of the most beautiful and secure district of Paris, the neighborhood is very quiet and close to many shops.  Come discover this beautiful little house close to the great monuments of Paris: Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées!  Climb the stairs and find yourself in front of the Eiffel Tower! Internet, television, kitchen and toiletries (shampoo, soap, towels), clean sheets and coffee. Do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions! C'est un quartier à la fois vivant, agréable et typiquement parisien. La maison se situe près d'un grand centre commercial ""Beau"	Magnifique maison privative sur cour arborée : luxe et calme absolu en plein coeur de Paris. Elle comprend une grande chambre, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une cuisine entièrement équipée. La maison idéale pour votre séjour à PARIS. Magnificent house on private wooded yard: absolute luxury in the heart of Paris.  It includes a large bedroom, a bathroom with bath and a fully equipped kitchen.  The ideal home for your stay in PARIS. Your own little house in the heart of Paris: luxury and refinement will be waiting for you  The house has been completely renovated and equipped with materials and equipment of high quality.  In the heart of one of the most beautiful and secure district of Paris, the neighborhood is very quiet and close to many shops.  Come discover this beautiful little house close to the great monuments of Paris: Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées!  Climb the stairs and find yourself in front of the Eiffel Tower! Internet, television, kitchen and to
24163	1 bedroom fully equiped penthouse apartment (ca 45 m²) in a very safe area. Ideal for a single person or a couple : - separate bedroom with a double bed (typically Parisian view over the rooftops)  - bathroom with a bath tub - separate toilets - leaving room with a plasma TV set - american kitchen Most convenient for a single person or a couple, either for visiting Paris in the best conditions or having a base camp after a tiring working day... 	The apartment is on the top floor (with an elevator) hence very quiet.  It has all amenities both to live and to work. The area is extremely safe and quiet. You will have all the commodities around. The place is very well connected to all Paris.  1 bedroom fully equiped penthouse apartment (ca 45 m²) in a very safe area. Ideal for a single person or a couple : - separate bedroom with a double bed (typically Parisian view over the rooftops)  - bathroom with a bath tub - separate toilets - leaving room with a plasma TV set - american kitchen Most convenient for a single person or a couple, either for visiting Paris in the best conditions or having a base camp after a tiring working day... Internet access with private Wi-Fi is granted with the appartment. The owners of the flat live nearby.  Very secure, quiet and typically haussmanian building with a lot of grocery shops and restaurants in the neighborhood. The appt  is located 10 min. walk from Champs-Elysées and many touristic areas. 2
24164	Notre appartement est situé dans une rue très calme du 16eme arrondissement à deux minutes du Rer Henri Martin et à dix minutes du métro Rue de la Pompe. A votre disposition dans le quartier : boulangerie, boucherie, poissonnerie, tabac, pharmacie, Casino, Naturalia... Le logement est orienté plein sud et se situe au dernier étage sans ascenseur. 	Notre appartement se situe à Paris dans le 16eme arrondissement, exposé plein sud au 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. La rue est très calme car à sens unique et sans commerçant. Notre appartement est situé dans une rue très calme du 16eme arrondissement à deux minutes du Rer Henri Martin et à dix minutes du métro Rue de la Pompe. A votre disposition dans le quartier : boulangerie, boucherie, poissonnerie, tabac, pharmacie, Casino, Naturalia... Le logement est orienté plein sud et se situe au dernier étage sans ascenseur. Vous aurez accès à l'appartement entier. Après vous avoir remis les clés, nous vous laisserons profiter de votre séjour. Le 16eme arrondissement de Paris est un quartier particulièrement calme, c'est l'idéal pour se reposer après une grosse journée parisienne. Rer Henri Martin, Métro Rue de la Pompe et Bus 63
24165	Elégant appartement,vue Tour Eiffel Elégant appartement  de 160 m² avec  vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel. Une  entrée dessert un grand salon d’angle, une salle à manger et un salon TV. 2 chambres très spacieuses et 2 salles de bain. Très grande cuisine tout équipée. Appartement baigné de soleil Décoration raffinée. L’appartement est idéalement situé à deux pas du Trocadéro, à la fois très résidentiel et  près des commerces, restaurants et musées. Parfaitement desservi par le métro, les bus et une  station de taxi. Vous pourrez pendant votre séjour profiter d’un appartement spacieux, très parisien et le soir vous endormir en regardant la tour Eiffel illuminée depuis votre lit. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous accueillir et vous faire découvrir tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin  pour passer un séjour de rêve. 	Elégant appartement,vue Tour Eiffel Elégant appartement  de 160 m² avec  vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel. Une  entrée dessert un grand salon d’angle, une salle à manger et un salon TV. 2 chambres très spacieuses et 2 salles de bain. Très grande cuisine tout équipée. Appartement baigné de soleil Décoration raffinée. L’appartement est idéalement situé à deux pas du Trocadéro, à la fois très résidentiel et  près des commerces, restaurants et musées. Parfaitement desservi par le métro, les bus et une  station de taxi. Vous pourrez pendant votre séjour profiter d’un appartement spacieux, très parisien et le soir vous endormir en regardant la tour Eiffel illuminée depuis votre lit. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous accueillir et vous faire découvrir tout ce dont vous pourriez avoir besoin  pour passer un séjour de rêve. 
24166		Spacious room located in the right wing of a beautiful apartment in the 16th district, in a quiet street. Ideal for exploring Paris, the apartment is well connected (access to subways 9 and 10 in 3 minutes walk).
24167		c'est un appartement a cote de champs-elysee environ 60m2. tres beau une vue pour 5personnes
24168		Very nice and fully equiped studio flat, located in central Paris, in a very vibrant and safe area, 10 min from the Eiffel Tower. Fully equiped: Wifi, TV, washing machin, diswasher, functional kitchen and large bathroom
24169	Machine à laver  Sèche linge  Micro ondes  Tv  Four Plaque à induction Réfrigérateur  Accès par métro porte de muette 	Machine à laver  Sèche linge  Micro ondes  Tv  Four Plaque à induction Réfrigérateur  Accès par métro porte de muette 
24170	Perfect size for visitors.  Includes good qualite towels and sheets.  Kitchen accessories are complete. 20MB high speed Internet and cable TV.  land line.  Inter-phone with security code.	One BdRoom condo located in the upscale 16th district of Paris,  630ft²  apartment  (60m²) entirely renovated in december 2014.  10 minutes walk from Les Champs Elysees and Arc du triomphe as well as the trocadero and la tour Eiffel. Perfect size for visitors.  Includes good qualite towels and sheets.  Kitchen accessories are complete. 20MB high speed Internet and cable TV.  land line.  Inter-phone with security code. As much as needed. Perfect location in Paris.  Safe, close to literally everything, upscale.  Building renovated in 2013 and apartment in Dec 2014.  New appliances furniture and equipment. Taxis bus and metro station 2 minutes walk at place Victor Hugo
24171	Start your trip to Paris off in style with a stay in our luxury unit.  This beautiful and modern 120 square meters 3 bedroom apartment is located on avenue Raymond Poincare in the 16th Arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 20th century building. It will comfortably sleep up to six people with ease.  This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, phone, cable, TV, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  Everything is tastefully designed with modern decor. An excellent choice to see all of Paris as the property is very centrally located to a variety of the cities attractions, many in walking distance.  Access to public transit, cab service etc is very manageable.     The 20th century building is equipped with several special amenities that include : elevator, Parking space, concierge, security code, intercom videophone.	Start your trip to Paris off in style with a stay in our luxury unit.  This beautiful and modern 120 square meters 3 bedroom apartment is located on avenue Raymond Poincare in the 16th Arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 20th century building. It will comfortably sleep up to six people with ease.  This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, unlimited high speed internet access, phone, cable, TV, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  Everything is tastefully designed with modern decor. An excellent choice to see all of Paris as the property is very centrally located to a variety of the cities attractions, many in walking distance.  Access to public transit, cab service etc is very manageable.     The 20th century building is equipped with several special amenities that include : elevator, Parking space, concierge, security code, intercom videophone. Guests will have access to all of our modern ammenities, utiliti
24172	"Close to Eiffel Tower, beautiful studio very well located to discover Paris. Studio de 27m² situé dans la rue Mozart au 7ème étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien. Le studio se compose d'une pièce principale avec un canapé lit très confortable,  il est doté d'une cuisine équipée plaques électriques et réfrigérateur, un four, machine à café ""Nespresso"",  une salle de bain avec wc et un salon qui donne sur une cour intérieure très agréable.   Le studio se trouve a deux pas de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier vivant près de la Rue de Passy ou se trouve une multitude de magasins, bars et restaurants.  A 1 min de la station de metro Jasmin, 7mn du Musée du Quai BRANLY, 12mn du Musée D'Orsay,15 mn de St Germain des Près, station de Velib à proximité, vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter Paris. A 1 min de la station de metro Jasmin, 7mn du Musée du Quai BRANLY, 12mn du Musée D'Orsay,15 mn de St Germain des Près, station de Velib à proximité, vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter Paris."	Close to Eiffel Tower, beautiful studio very well located to discover Paris. 
24173	Charming apartment of artist-painter, beautiful view, sunny, calm, ideal location, kindly neighbors, safe. 	Studio in Trocadero - Victor Hugo quarter, in the chic 16th arrondissment of Paris; close to square Victor HUgo, square Trocadero, Eiffel tower, Champs-Elysées, close to commerce; composed of one room, kitchenette and WC with bath room; ideal for two persons; friendliness and artistic ambiance.   Charming apartment of artist-painter, beautiful view, sunny, calm, ideal location, kindly neighbors, safe.  WIFI and Internet services - Free telephone in France and Europe.  Metro line 9 / Station: Rue de la Pompe Metro line 6 / Station: Trocadero Metro line 2 / Station: Victor Hugo Bus: 52, 63
24174	"My studio is in the heart of Paris, in the wealthy neighborhood ""the 16th borough"". A 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes RER C train ride from the Eiffel Tower, it's 2 minutes away from a very busy street with restaurants and lots of shopping: H&M, Zadig & Voltaire, the Kooples, Guerlain, Franck & Fils, Minelli, Gap, Zara, Esprit, Sandro, Sephora etc. It's very calm since it's on the first floor, in a calm and quiet yard with trees. The studio has everything you need for a couple of some friends on a week-end trip: double bed in a mezzanine (elevated bed), a sofa, bathroom with separated toilets, kitchen space (stove, oven, fridge), TV, Internet, etc. Linens, towels, soap and shampoo provided. 5 minutes from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees, 20 minutes from Le Marais and Bastille. The apartment will be entirely yours during your stay. Metro La Muette (line 9) or Passy (line 6) or RER C - Boulainvilliers (access to Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Notre Dame de Paris)"	"My studio is in the heart of Paris, in the wealthy neighborhood ""the 16th borough"". A 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes RER C train ride from the Eiffel Tower, it's 2 minutes away from a very busy street with restaurants and lots of shopping: H&M, Zadig & Voltaire, the Kooples, Guerlain, Franck & Fils, Minelli, Gap, Zara, Esprit, Sandro, Sephora etc. It's very calm since it's on the first floor, in a calm and quiet yard with trees. The studio has everything you need for a couple of some friends on a week-end trip: double bed in a mezzanine (elevated bed), a sofa, bathroom with separated toilets, kitchen space (stove, oven, fridge), TV, Internet, etc. Linens, towels, soap and shampoo provided. 5 minutes from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees, 20 minutes from Le Marais and Bastille. The apartment will be entirely yours during your stay. Metro La Muette (line 9) or Passy (line 6) or RER C - Boulainvilliers (access to Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Notre Dame de Paris)"
24175	Un appartement tout équipé, très clame dans un superbe quartier pas loin de la tour Eiffel et du bois de Boulogne. 	Un appartement tout équipé, très clame dans un superbe quartier pas loin de la tour Eiffel et du bois de Boulogne. Le logement bénéficie d'une excellent desserte, et se situe dans une copropriété luxueuse et calme. Le quartier contient tous les services et commerces de proximité. Le logement se situe à proximité immédiate du métro ligne 9, du RER C et de nombreuses lignes de bus. Les visiteurs (au max 2 personnes) partageront l'appartement avec une autre personne qui sera là pour leur rapporter tout éclairage nécessaire à leur bon séjour.
24176	Elegantly furnished with a perfect mixture of eighteen century  and contemporary furniture, modern paintings. Living room, dining room, Tv room, 2 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. Kitchen with Expresso machine and American Fridge.	Recently renovated, this 185 sq meters apartment of 6 rooms, 4th floor of a superb Haussmann building, is perfectly located to discover Paris , near underground station, shopping areas and sights of interests ( Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees). Fully equiped with full services provided. Quite, great confort and very elegantly furnished. Elegantly furnished with a perfect mixture of eighteen century  and contemporary furniture, modern paintings. Living room, dining room, Tv room, 2 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. Kitchen with Expresso machine and American Fridge. Perfect location for visiting Paris with proximity of shopping area, rue de Passy, and sightseeing places as Trocadéro ( Eiffel Tower) and Champs Elysées ( 4 underground stations). Underground/ subway Station: Rue de la Pompe Please make reservation, one week in advance
24177		Bel appartement dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, situé à 50 mètres de la place Victor Hugo, séjour sur cour avec canapé lit,chambre à coucher, ascenseur, rue calme, situé au 3 ème étage sur cour,  petite cuisine équipée, petite salle de bain.
24178	"Lovely studio located in the heart - and extremely sought-after part - of Paris XVI district (arrondissement) so called ""triangle d'or"" (Auteuil - Neuilly - Passy)  between Trocadero and Passy. It's an outstanding and quiet part of Paris where you can actually hear the birds singing. This apartment is on the first floor of an old family house with a view over a private garden. Once the huge door of the building bordering the street is opened you'll walk through a beautiful flowered internal courtyard under the constant charm of the French facade. Your new French home comprises of a bright and airy main room with wooden floors and high ceilings. Another lovely feature of this fully furnished periodic apartment is the mezzanine, large enough for a double bed and a wardrobe for all your clothes.  Carefully situated below is : the bathroom with a 6 jet hydromassage shower, a separate toilet finished in marble and teck, an open plan kitchen fully equiped : oven, micro-wave, induction hob, f"	"Lovely quiet studio close to Trocadero Passy.. Firstfloor of an house with a garden view,wooden floors, high ceilings.  Mezzanine large for a double bed and wardrobe  Studio 27m² + Mezzanine 8² - High ceilings 3m60. Lovely studio located in the heart - and extremely sought-after part - of Paris XVI district (arrondissement) so called ""triangle d'or"" (Auteuil - Neuilly - Passy)  between Trocadero and Passy. It's an outstanding and quiet part of Paris where you can actually hear the birds singing. This apartment is on the first floor of an old family house with a view over a private garden. Once the huge door of the building bordering the street is opened you'll walk through a beautiful flowered internal courtyard under the constant charm of the French facade. Your new French home comprises of a bright and airy main room with wooden floors and high ceilings. Another lovely feature of this fully furnished periodic apartment is the mezzanine, large enough for a double bed and a wardrobe fo"
24179	Un immeuble moderne dans le 16è arrondissement, à 5mn de la Seine et de la Maison de la Radio. L'appartement est clair et spacieux, avec un vis à vis sur un bel immeuble bourgeois et un grand morceau de ciel.  Wi-Fi, télévision, chaine stéréo, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. Vous avez tous les transports à proximité, les bus lignes 52 et 22 en bas de l'immeuble, le métro Ranelagh ligne 9 (qui va directement aux Champs Elysées) et le RER C à 5 mn à pied vers la Tour Eiffel et le musée d'Orsay . A quelques minutes à pied également vous avez le choix entre la très chic et commercante rue de Passy, ou le tout nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle de l'autre côté de la Seine, avec ses 110 magasins, restaurants et 10 salles de cinéma. Si vous voulez vous promener le long des quais de Seine vous vous retrouverez en 15 mn au pied de la Tour Eiffel.  Bref vous devriez sûrement passer un excellent séjour à Paris. 	Beau 2 pièces lumineux de 60 m2, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble moderne : entrée, séjour avec cuisine ouverte, 1 chambre, salle bain. Idéalement situé dans le 16ème arrondissement, à 5mn des quais de Seine, proche des commerces et des transports.  Un immeuble moderne dans le 16è arrondissement, à 5mn de la Seine et de la Maison de la Radio. L'appartement est clair et spacieux, avec un vis à vis sur un bel immeuble bourgeois et un grand morceau de ciel.  Wi-Fi, télévision, chaine stéréo, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. Vous avez tous les transports à proximité, les bus lignes 52 et 22 en bas de l'immeuble, le métro Ranelagh ligne 9 (qui va directement aux Champs Elysées) et le RER C à 5 mn à pied vers la Tour Eiffel et le musée d'Orsay . A quelques minutes à pied également vous avez le choix entre la très chic et commercante rue de Passy, ou le tout nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle de l'autre côté de la Seine, avec ses 110 magasins, restaurants et 10 salles de cinéma. Si vous voulez vous
24180		Charmant studio, refait à neuf, déco scandinave, comprenant: Coin cuisine, micro-onde, cafetière, grille pain, 2 plaques électriques, séjour avec 2 petits fauteuils et table basse + TV, une mézanine, matelat deux places, toilettes & douche.
24181	Nice little flat with all commodities. Flat luminous and very quiet. You can use everything: kitchen (free coffee), wash machine, internet, bathroom. The flat is at the 7 floor and there is no elevator, so you have to be very fit! Important information: the strarecase to go in the flat is very old and bad looking but the flat is very nice.	Nice little flat with all commodities. Flat luminous and very quiet. You can use everything: kitchen (free coffee), wash machine, internet, bathroom. The flat is at the 7 floor and there is no elevator, so you have to be very fit! Important information: the strarecase to go in the flat is very old and bad looking but the flat is very nice. You can call me on my cellular phone during your stay. Somebody can come in the flat if there is any problem. Very quiet street, very smart. Subway at 2 minutes on foot - Metro Ranelagh Ligne 9 RER at 5 minutes on foot - RER C Boulainvilliers Bus at 2 minutes on foot - Bus 52
24182	Charming apartment with balcony in the heart of Paris  located in the luxury XVI district  Very luminous, the apartment is 27m2 and can welcome comfortably 2 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with bath, toilets, vanity unit), an open kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable double bed , table,... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a modern french building with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming apartment located in the luxury XVI district only few meters to shops, french restaurants, bakery.... Charming apartment with balcony in the heart of Paris  located in the luxury XVI district  Very luminous, the apartment is 27m2 and can welcome comfortably 2 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with bath, toilets, vanity unit), an open kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable double bed , table,... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a modern french building with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. You can easily reach the apartment from the parisian airports ( Roissy-Charles de Gaulle / Orly / Beauvais) and train station (Sai
24183	Charming apartment  in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming, cosy, luminous, the flat is 32m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with shower, toilets), an open kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed, table, sofa... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at ground floor. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment  in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming, cosy, luminous, the flat is 32m2 and can welcome comfortably 4 persons. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with shower, toilets), an open kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed, table, sofa... . There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at ground floor. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. You can easily reach the apartment from the parisian airports ( Roissy-Charles de Gaulle / Orly / Beauvais) and train station (Saint-lazare / Gare du Nord / Gare de Lyon) Very available you c
24184	Cosy nest in a quiet of a residencial condominium, surrounded by major tourist points of interest such as Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and the bustling life of Paris popular places like Passy or Victor Hugo. The 16sqm studio has a very practical organization with a living area equipped with a sofa bed for 2, storage, open kitchen corner, bathroom with shower cabin and toilets.	Lovely functional studio for single or couple on 2nd floor of a quiet residential condominium, 2 steps from the Trocadero, between Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and Place Victor Hugo. It features a sofa bed for 2, kitchen, bathroom. Cosy nest in a quiet of a residencial condominium, surrounded by major tourist points of interest such as Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and the bustling life of Paris popular places like Passy or Victor Hugo. The 16sqm studio has a very practical organization with a living area equipped with a sofa bed for 2, storage, open kitchen corner, bathroom with shower cabin and toilets. 300m from the Trocadero metro (line 6 and 9) and taxi stations , the main entrance is equipped with a code, and the apartment is on the second floor without lift. Avaialble : bedding and bath linens, cooking ustensils and all necessary for meals , internet connection. We will give you a warm welcome on the spot in order to help you settle down in the best way and will be h
24185		Véritable atelier d'artiste traditionnel. Belle hauteur sous plafond (environ 5m) très lumineux avec une grande baie vitrée au mur et une verrière au plafond. Très calme, car il est situé au fond d'une coure… (pas de bruit de voiture..). Aménagé et décoré : grandes plantes, grand canapé d'angle, parquet, table, chaise Eames...Cuisine américaine équipée : machine expresso, lave vaisselle... Situé dans une rue piétonne proche de restaurants et commerces… M° Passy, Muette et Trocadero Entre Passy et La Muette.  A 5 minutes à pied de la Saine  A 2 pas :  du Trocadero et des Champs Elysées du centre centre Beaugrenelle du bois de Boulogne et des lacs de Passy Situé une rue piétonne animée : Centre commerciale Passy Plazza Marché, traiteurs, artisans... Metro Passy --> ligne 6 Metro Muette --> ligne 9 RER Boulainvillier --> RER C
24186		appartement 2 pièces ; chambre avec lit double et convertible dans le salon. cuisine équipée. situé dans le 16 arrondissement l'immeuble est calme ainsi que le quartier. localisation idéal pour visiter l'appartement ce trouve à quelques minutes des Champs Elysées du Trocadero et du musée d'Orsay. nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. les clefs sont à récupérer dans le 10eme rue Bouchardon à partir de 17h sans limite d'heure. possibilité de laisser les bagages a cette même adresse avant et après le séjour si besoin.
24187	Le petit bâtiment du 99, rue de la Pompe, situé exactement en face du lycée Janson-de-Sailly, est nettement plus amusant. Malgré l’énorme spéculation immobilière du quartier, ce très modeste édifice n’a pas bougé depuis 1911, date de sa construction par Léon Mériot. La forme de sa porte, avec ses deux petites fenêtres latérales surélevées, rappelle le modèle établi par Guimard au Casstel Béranger et assure que son influence restait toujours vivace, plus de douze ans plus tard. Le propriétaire s’appelait Le Chartier. Il commanda d’abord à Mériot une surélévation d’un étage, en mai 1907, avant de lui demander - si les demandes se rapportent bien à la même parcelle -, de reconstruire en totalité cet amusant rez-de-chaussée, en février 1911. En plus de la porte principale, les ferronneries de la travée latérale, notamment de la porte annexe conduisant à un club de bridge, sont une jolie création. Ces détails jurent complètement avec les bossages et la balustrade qui complètent l’ornementat	PRIVATE MANSION NEAR TROCADERO WITH A PRIVATE STREET FOR A FUTURE PARKING OF ELECTRIC CAR, ELECTRIC MOTORBIKE AND BICYCLE OTHER ROOM TO COME AFTER RENOVATION // 1 FURNISHED ROOM IN A 5-ROOM FLAT SHARING APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT) // HUGE LIVING-ROOM WITH A PROJECTOR AS A TV // FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN WITH DISHWASHER  // 2 BATHROOMS WITH WASHING MACHINE  // 1 TOILET 7 days / 7 L’OASIS D’ABOUKIR > Metro/Subway station - Ligne 3 : Sentier  - Ligne 4 : Réaumur  - Ligne 8 et 9 : Bonne Nouvelle  - Ligne 1 : Louvre-Rivoli  > Bus stop - Bus 20 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 29 - Etienne Marcel - Montmartre - Bus 39 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 67 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 74 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 85 - Réaumur/Montmartre THE place to be downtown in Paris
24188	A unique experience on the Seine in central Paris and in the countryside. The studio (35 m2) is fully independent with private access. Bow window living room with magic view kitchenette, WiFi, room (ceiling height 1,84m) with a double bed, shower and  separate toilet. old and charming decoration 	You will live in a charming studio facing Eiffel Tower, on the river in the earth of Paris. The view is breathtaking from all parts of housing. Wood interior design. Bow window living room, kitchenette, WiFi, room with double bed, shower. Quiet. A unique experience on the Seine in central Paris and in the countryside. The studio (35 m2) is fully independent with private access. Bow window living room with magic view kitchenette, WiFi, room (ceiling height 1,84m) with a double bed, shower and  separate toilet. old and charming decoration *bus 72 all along the Seine (direct for Concorde, Louvre, Hotel de Ville)  *metro Passy, 4 stations to Champs Elysées  *RER ligne C direct to Musée d'Orsay, Invalides, ND cathedrale, Quartier Latin... Metro Passy : 4 stations to Champs Elysées  We'll be on the boat to greet you and give you all the explanations about housing, shops, bakeries and good restaurants around The area is perfectly located for poetic walking along the river. Most of the beautif
24189		Appartement très agréable à vivre, vue sur la Seine, balcon fleuri. Un salon avec canapé convertible; table modulable : basse ou haute. Une chambre avec lit simple; piano. Une salle d'eau avec baignoire. WC. Cuisine
24190	Ce studio est parfait pour retrouver un espace de vie agréable et serein après des journées éreintantes!	Charmant studio, lumineux, calme. Cuisine équipée, ouverte sur la piece principale. Cosy et chaleureux. Tres bien desservi en transports (ligne 2 et 6). A 3 min de la station Victor Hugo. Ce studio est parfait pour retrouver un espace de vie agréable et serein après des journées éreintantes! Vous aurez accès à ce studio situé dans un immeuble luxueux et très bien entretenu, au 2eme etage avec (magnifique) ascenseur. Je serai evidemment à votre disposition pour preparer en amont votre sejour parisien en vous transmettant toutes les petites merveilles que j'ai déjà pu découvrir dans Paris. Je suis ouverte à vos questions, et le tiendrais à votre disposition. Ce quartier luxueux me fait quotidiennement rêver de part le calme, la propreté,  la sérénité dans laquelle je peux le decouvrir. Les batiments sont très beaux, à 5 bonnes minutes des champs elysees, il est très agreable de flaner et se laisser porter. La station Victor Hugo est à tout juste 3 minutes à pieds, et la station Boissiere
24191		Beautiful Parisian apartment 100m2 located in the center of Paris in the 16th arrondissement, 10 minutes from the famous Place des Champs ELYSÉE, very commercial area ... aparment very comfortable with acsenseur, He saw a large living room overlooki
24192	Mes hôtes seront reçus comme mes amis	surface 146 m² : deux chambres, une salle de bain et une salle d’eau, trois salons en enfilade,  vues sur Paris : tour Eiffel, notre Dame, place de l’Etoile, Trocadéro, Dôme du Panthéon 13 ouvertures dont 6 doubles fenêtres sur balcon de 20 m Mes hôtes seront reçus comme mes amis accès dans toutes les pièces de réception et chambres + cuisine (pièce du fond réservée) je reste disponible pour mes hôtes pour leur faire bénéficier de réservations privées et spéciales quartier central comportant tous commerces à choisir (alimentation, pharmacies, boulangeries, pâtisseries, ... arrêts des bus (lignes 22,31, 80) au bas de l'immeuble, station de métro à moins de 100m, taxis immédiats
24193		Chambre dans un appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces, situé derrière la Maison de Radio France, 95 m2  près de l'ancienne Maison de Balzac, d'un immeuble considéré comme un joyau architectural .  Quartier bourgeois calme et sécurisé
24194		Je loue une chambre 10m2 dans un appartement 2 pièces à Paris 16. Metro Jasmin (ligne 9) ou Kennedy (RER C).La chambre est disponible pour les mois de Juillet et d'Août. 550 euros charges comprises. Tél (phone number hidden) ou mail: (email hidden)
24195	"The apartment is in a very secure newly constructed building and comes with 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room, a kitchen and 2 bathrooms (2 large showers and two bathrooms) as well as a Parking space. It is located on the 6th floor of the building and is overlooking the Seine River. It is steps away from the Eiffel Tower and is extremely well connected with public transportation. It is also about 15 minutes aways to ""Paris Expo Porte de Versailles"" where all major exhibitions and professional fairs take place."	"Bienvenue à Paris. Steps away from the Eiffel Tower, this 110m2 apartment comes with 2 large bedrooms, one very large living room and 3 bathrooms as well as a 25m2 terrace overlooking the Seine River. The apartment is in a very secure newly constructed building and comes with 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room, a kitchen and 2 bathrooms (2 large showers and two bathrooms) as well as a Parking space. It is located on the 6th floor of the building and is overlooking the Seine River. It is steps away from the Eiffel Tower and is extremely well connected with public transportation. It is also about 15 minutes aways to ""Paris Expo Porte de Versailles"" where all major exhibitions and professional fairs take place. You will have access to the entire apartment. I am a profound lover of Paris and since I am often travelling, I am happy to share my apartment with travellers that are curious to discover Paris as much as I. I am happy to provide you with recommendations for bars and restaurants as we"
24196	"Nice sunny and quiet apartment of 40 sqm. The apartment has living-room, a bedroom with a big bed of good quality, kitchen well equipped, a bathroom:shower with (website hidden)'s on the 3th and last floor without lift, the building is very quiet and clean. This apartment is located in a classic and chic Parisian building, between Eiffel Tower and Arc du Triomphe. There are many good restaurants at the Victor Hugo square and a supermarket open 7/7 from 8:00 am to midnight. You can buy a traditional Baguette at the ""Boulangerie"" and the Croissants are awesome! At the afternoon yo can go to one of the terrase in the square and take a glass of Champagne or wine and see the beautiful people. At the Avenue Victor Hugo you can find many clothes stores very chics.  This apartment situated at Place Victor Hugo in Paris 16th, which is just 1 station away from Charles De Gaulle-Etoile and Champs Elysees. The Eiffel Tower and Trocadero are at 10 min walking distance and Champs Elysees are also at"	"Nice sunny and quiet apartment of 40 sqm. The apartment has living-room, a bedroom with a big bed of good quality, kitchen well equipped, a bathroom:shower with (website hidden)'s on the 3th and last floor without lift, the building is very quiet and clean. This apartment is located in a classic and chic Parisian building, between Eiffel Tower and Arc du Triomphe. There are many good restaurants at the Victor Hugo square and a supermarket open 7/7 from 8:00 am to midnight. You can buy a traditional Baguette at the ""Boulangerie"" and the Croissants are awesome! At the afternoon yo can go to one of the terrase in the square and take a glass of Champagne or wine and see the beautiful people. At the Avenue Victor Hugo you can find many clothes stores very chics.  This apartment situated at Place Victor Hugo in Paris 16th, which is just 1 station away from Charles De Gaulle-Etoile and Champs Elysees. The Eiffel Tower and Trocadero are at 10 min walking distance and Champs Elysees are also at"
24197	Joli appartement de 3 pièces 70m2 situté à Boulogne Billancourt-Paris à 100 m du Bois de boulogne et 1 km de la Porte d'auteuil-Paris. 1 chambre disponible équipée d'une grand lit de 140cm, drap et linge fournis. Cuisine équipée	Joli appartement de 3 pièces 72m2 situté à Boulogne Billancourt-Paris à 100 m du Bois de boulogne et 1 km de la Porte d'auteuil-Paris. 1 chambre disponible équipée d'une grand lit de 140cm, drap et linge fournis. Cuisine équipée Joli appartement de 3 pièces 70m2 situté à Boulogne Billancourt-Paris à 100 m du Bois de boulogne et 1 km de la Porte d'auteuil-Paris. 1 chambre disponible équipée d'une grand lit de 140cm, drap et linge fournis. Cuisine équipée
24198	can join the former(old) districts of Paris and the museums 20mn, either by the numerous subway lines nearby, or by the route(course) of very pleasant bus. I welcome you at my home(with me). I speak English and a little bit Italian. The we, I am of use to you the breakfast on the balcony. In quoted(esteemed), park and Wood of Boulogne,	Close of the Eiffel Tower, attractive bright and spacious room(chamber) in a comfortable apartment. You can join the great areas and the museums 20mn, either by the numerous subway lines nearby, or by the bus.
24199	The appartment combines the style of a typical ancient parisian appartment & loft style. The living room, dining room and the kitchen are very spacey. The room, as well as the entire place, is very bright and quiet with 2m high windows overlooking courtyard and inner gardens.	A fully equipped room to rent in a beautiful 110m2 design apartment. (email hidden) (Eiffel Tower) on one of the most beautiful avenues in Paris this place has all you'll need and is more that you'd wish, whichever the reason for your trip. The appartment combines the style of a typical ancient parisian appartment & loft style. The living room, dining room and the kitchen are very spacey. The room, as well as the entire place, is very bright and quiet with 2m high windows overlooking courtyard and inner gardens.
24200	This room is situated at the far most wing of the flat which makes it really quiet. From the window one has a view on the courtyard! 	I have listed this flat once already but most people have been confused about it being listed as a flat. So here is the second bedroom we would like to offer for rent. I hope this helps our future guests a little  This room is situated at the far most wing of the flat which makes it really quiet. From the window one has a view on the courtyard!  As our guest you have free access to wifi,landline,Tv,a complete kitchen,the Washing machine...any information or guidance you may need. My mother is the main resident of the Flat (She lives there 24/7). You will cross her in the common rooms mike the kitchen,dining and living room. She is a very friendly person and helpful. Don't ever hesitate to ask for assitance or if you have questions. She speaks English and French fluently. The neighbourhood is pretty calm and sporty. There are alot of Stadiums and sports events that take place there. What is great is that supermarkets and grocery stores are all in walking distance. It is not the center o
24201	A 2 pas de la place Trocadéro cette appartement sera animée vos decouverte parisienne.	A 2 pas de la place Trocadéro cette appartement sera animée vos decouverte parisienne. A leurs tranquilitée.. A l'ecoute de chaques demandes.. Une sensation de liberter... La station de métro est a 2 pas .Station TROCADERO LIGNE 9 OU 6 pour tout autres information n hesitez pas a me contacter...
24202	The apartment was delivered in 2004 and includes all the modern comfort: - Fitted kitchen with all the necessary equipment to receive - Paint redone regularly - Totally soundproof - Secure the inputs in the building and the apartment itself.	Beautiful modern 2 room at the foot of the Seine and the Passy park and Bir hakeim bridge. High quality services which includes a dressing room, separate toilet, large lounge with kitchen, spacious bedroom. secured parking place included The apartment was delivered in 2004 and includes all the modern comfort: - Fitted kitchen with all the necessary equipment to receive - Paint redone regularly - Totally soundproof - Secure the inputs in the building and the apartment itself. Park passy Metro line 6 passy Kennedy dock Trocadero Beaugrenelle shopping center I'm here to see you Passy Park in front of the building Metro line 6 passy Kennedy dock Bir Hakeim bridge Trocadero Beaugrenelle shopping center Metro ligne 6 Bus 71 Voiture car parking inclus
24203		La chambre 18 est calme et confortable avec une terrasse vu sur jardin. En partenariat avec un hôtel voisin vous y récupérez la clé 24h/24 7j/7 utilisez la  wifi de l'hôtel à l’hôtel. Nettoyage quotidien de la chambre. taxe de séjour:0,99€/pers/nuit
24204	This apartment is a 28sqm/m2 studio in a luxury residence in street Avenue Pierre 1er de Serbie. This residence with doormen is located in 'the golden triangle' which is the most prestigious area of Paris, only at few steps from the famous Avenue des Champs-Elysees, avenue George V, Avenue Montaigne, and Eiffel Tower. The studio is furnished with a lcd tv, a broadband internet connection, a kitchen with 2 stoves and a microwave, and a design bathroom.  Amenities 5th floor with elevators Queen size bed 140x200 (2 persons) Bathroom : shower, lavatories, hairdryer Sheets and towels : bed linens, towels, hand wiper  Iron and ironboard Equipped kitchen : microwave ( Oven selection ), 2 Stoves, fridge ( integrated freezer ) Nespresso coffee machine + 10 caps. Cookware, utensils, dishes and cutlery  Internet wifi (24Mbit/sec) Phone ( only for incoming calls ) Flat screen lcd Television ( international channels ) Monuments: Arc of Triomphe,Avenue des Champs-Elysées,Eiffel tower,Trocadero,Alma,	This apartment is a 28sqm/m2 studio in a luxury residence in street Avenue Pierre 1er de Serbie. This residence with doormen is located in 'the golden triangle' which is the most prestigious area of Paris, only at few steps from the famous Avenue des Champs-Elysees, avenue George V, Avenue Montaigne, and Eiffel Tower. The studio is furnished with a lcd tv, a broadband internet connection, a kitchen with 2 stoves and a microwave, and a design bathroom.  Amenities 5th floor with elevators Queen size bed 140x200 (2 persons) Bathroom : shower, lavatories, hairdryer Sheets and towels : bed linens, towels, hand wiper  Iron and ironboard Equipped kitchen : microwave ( Oven selection ), 2 Stoves, fridge ( integrated freezer ) Nespresso coffee machine + 10 caps. Cookware, utensils, dishes and cutlery  Internet wifi (24Mbit/sec) Phone ( only for incoming calls ) Flat screen lcd Television ( international channels ) Monuments: Arc of Triomphe,Avenue des Champs-Elysées,Eiffel tower,Trocadero,Alma,
24205		Ce joli deux-pièces semble idéal pour un couple exigeant en termes de lumière, de confort et de situation géographique.  Situé au cœur du quartier de Passy, il vous réserve une superbe vue sur la Tour Eiffel et de nombreux commerces à proximité.
24206	Spacious, bright, convenient. High standard apartment. Welcome home !	Awesome Flat along the Seine river with view on Eiffel Tower. Amazing Sauna in the bathroom. Trocadero Garden 2 mn away. This apartment is an exclusivity and is only for rent once a year in August. Spacious, bright, convenient. High standard apartment. Welcome home !
24207		Bonjour, Je vous propose mon studio refait neuf,entièrement meublé pendant mes absences. Il se situe rue pergosele. 6eme étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble. charmant et calme, tout equipé. Bon séjour parisien ! Benjamin
24208	Well decorated and very confortable flat. Very parisian. 	Two minutes walk from Trocadéro and Eiffel Tower, our appartement is composed by a large living room, and very fonctional open kitchen, a cosy bedroom (with 5 stars bed) directly connected to bathroom (with bath and dressing) and separated toilets.  Well decorated and very confortable flat. Very parisian.  Fully equiped appartement Very quiet and central. 2 minutes walking from Trocadéro, 5 mintues from Eiffel Tower and 2 minutes from Rue de Passy which is a very commercial street with many fashionable boutiques. Very parisian area.  Closed to two important metro stations (Trocader and Passy) et numerous bus station. Also near to velib stations and autolib stations. 
24209	Très rare à Paris, appartement  avec un jardin charmant  dans le très chic quartier d'Auteuil. refait neuf Équipements neufs et de qualités Dans le très chic village d'Auteuil cet appartement en excellent état possède un  jardin  Surface totale 150 M2 2 chambres avec SDB et lit double. Cuisine américaine, buanderie, 3 WC Le jardin avec terrasse  Beaucoup de charme . rare à Paris	Welcome! Très rare à Paris, appartement  avec un jardin charmant  dans le très chic quartier d'Auteuil. refait neuf Équipements neufs et de qualités Dans le très chic village d'Auteuil cet appartement en excellent état possède un  jardin  Surface totale 150 M2 2 chambres avec SDB et lit double. Cuisine américaine, buanderie, 3 WC Le jardin avec terrasse  Beaucoup de charme . rare à Paris Near the Champs Elysées, Trocadero and a number of well established museums, including the musée Guimet, Palais de Tokyo etc.. Je suis à votre disposition pour vous permettre de passer un séjour dans les meilleurs conditions Quartier chic, beaucoup de commerces à proximité Metro JASMIN ligne 9  direct direct pour Trocadero,  '5 minutes),  Champs Elysees (10 minutes)   Station Velib dans la rue !!!
24210	This beautiful and large (80sqm) apartment is light-filled and clean, with a lovely open living area and kitchen.  The room is 20msq, plus has a private bathroom with a separate toilet and shower, including a nice big rainwater shower head!  your own bathroom (toilet and shower) as well as usual access to the kitchen, and open living room (inclduing the tv).  Guests should feel free to come and go as they please, while being respectful of neighbors after 11pm on weeknights. It is in a beautifully quiet, traditional paris street, with a butcher, bakery, supermarket, and chemist plus a lovely modern local restaurant with a bar.  It's an 8min walk to the arc de triomphe and the champs elysees, or 1 metro stop if you're feeling tired! From the apartment, it's 15min door to door to the Louvre, the tuileries, and many other Paris attractions via the metro. There are three different metro stations within a 5min walk, as well as buses and the suburban train lines. 2 night minimum Minimum des d	8min walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees, 4min to 3 metro stations and a 15min walk to the Eiffel Tower - this lovely private room with your own bathroom. Safe and quiet neighbourhood, close to everything This beautiful and large (80sqm) apartment is light-filled and clean, with a lovely open living area and kitchen.  The room is 20msq, plus has a private bathroom with a separate toilet and shower, including a nice big rainwater shower head!  your own bathroom (toilet and shower) as well as usual access to the kitchen, and open living room (inclduing the tv).  Guests should feel free to come and go as they please, while being respectful of neighbors after 11pm on weeknights. It is in a beautifully quiet, traditional paris street, with a butcher, bakery, supermarket, and chemist plus a lovely modern local restaurant with a bar.  It's an 8min walk to the arc de triomphe and the champs elysees, or 1 metro stop if you're feeling tired! From the apartment, it's 15min door t
24211	******************** **** In short ****** ******************** It is a lovely apartment that is located in the most elegant and fancy 16th district of Paris, The neighborhood is very quiet and safe. It is very convenient to visit all famous sights in Paris and sleep in a quiet and safe place. You can get very easily around since it's close to subway and bus station. ******************** **** Location **** ******************** - 300m (3 minutes walk)  to station Porte de Saint Cloud (metro line 9) - 400m (4 minutes walk) to station Exelmans (metro line 9). - The Trocadero station to visit the Eiffel Tower is 8 minutes by subway. It's a perfect starting to visit all famous sights in Paris : Champs Elysées, Louvre, Luxembourg, Notre Dame ... - 15 minutes to Champs Elysées at station Franklin Roosevelt  -You can take walk or go for a run in the park near Bois de Boulogne -If you like Tennis Roland Garros is just 10 minutes from there -If you like soccer there is the Parc Des Prince Stadium	******************** **** In short ****** ******************** It is a lovely apartment that is located in the most elegant and fancy 16th district of Paris, The neighborhood is very quiet and safe. It is very convenient to visit all famous sights in Paris and sleep in a quiet and safe place. You can get very easily around since it's close to subway and bus station. ******************** **** Location **** ******************** - 300m (3 minutes walk)  to station Porte de Saint Cloud (metro line 9) - 400m (4 minutes walk) to station Exelmans (metro line 9). - The Trocadero station to visit the Eiffel Tower is 8 minutes by subway. It's a perfect starting to visit all famous sights in Paris : Champs Elysées, Louvre, Luxembourg, Notre Dame ... - 15 minutes to Champs Elysées at station Franklin Roosevelt  -You can take walk or go for a run in the park near Bois de Boulogne -If you like Tennis Roland Garros is just 10 minutes from there -If you like soccer there is the Parc Des Prince Stadium
24212	The apartment features three bedrooms: mine and two that are used by my roomates, a big kitchen with dining room and a separate toilet. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available. -	Spacious, bright and quiet apartment, safe and secure exceptionally located near the Trocadero district and close from the eiffel tower The apartment features three bedrooms: mine and two that are used by my roomates, a big kitchen with dining room and a separate toilet. If needed for long stays, a washing machine is also available. - WIFI connection available in the apartment  - Lift in the building (the apartment is on the 1st floor)  - Central heating  - Concierge for the building  - Door code   The apartment is extremely well located in the Trocadero area, walking distance from Eiffel tower,  and champs elyssees, which are attractive. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bakeries, wine shops, theather etc. Great transport service, with two metro lines and three bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris:  Metro line 9 to the Champs-Ély
24213	QUARTIER : Dans joli quartier résidentiel avec des restaurants sympas, des commerces d’alimentation , des magasins, des bus, un appartement de 120 m2 dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, près d’un boulevard bordé de grands tilleuls. La particularité de ce logement, c'est le calme et les espaces verts. J’OFFRE : Une chambre agréablement meublé, équipée d'un lit pour 1 personne avec un bon matelas de couchage, un placard, un bureau, des étagères, des sièges. Salle de douche, WC séparé, accès cuisine. Vous aurez en votre possession un jeu de clefs. Wifi accessible dans tout l'appartement. TRANSPORTS : Grâce au métro et aux bus, vous visiterez aisément notre capitale et vous profiterez des charmes, de la culture et du romantisme de notre ville.  2 min : métro Ranelagh ligne 9, bus (phone number hidden),..  20 min : Opéra, Champs Elysées, Musée d’Orsay  30 min : Bastille, Montmartre, Marais  20 min : Hall des expositions Porte de Versailles par le tramway >>les transports en commun de/à l'	QUARTIER : Dans joli quartier résidentiel avec des restaurants sympas, des commerces d’alimentation , des magasins, des bus, un appartement de 120 m2 dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, près d’un boulevard bordé de grands tilleuls. La particularité de ce logement, c'est le calme et les espaces verts. J’OFFRE : Une chambre agréablement meublé, équipée d'un lit pour 1 personne avec un bon matelas de couchage, un placard, un bureau, des étagères, des sièges. Salle de douche, WC séparé, accès cuisine. Vous aurez en votre possession un jeu de clefs. Wifi accessible dans tout l'appartement. TRANSPORTS : Grâce au métro et aux bus, vous visiterez aisément notre capitale et vous profiterez des charmes, de la culture et du romantisme de notre ville.  2 min : métro Ranelagh ligne 9, bus (phone number hidden),..  20 min : Opéra, Champs Elysées, Musée d’Orsay  30 min : Bastille, Montmartre, Marais  20 min : Hall des expositions Porte de Versailles par le tramway >>les transports en commun de/à l'
24214	"Very lovely room with all equipment Inside: shower, little kitchen (mico wave, fridge, plates, glasses...) and internet wifi connection. Very calm area at 10 min by walk from the eiffel tower, the ""arc de triomphe"" and the Trocadéro. Also, at 5 min by walk from all kind of basics shops ( food, lundary, pharmacy, ect..) and 2 min from the RER and the metro. The room has been all refreshed and lovely furnished. The price includes the electricity and the heat. The flat is on the the 6th floor with elevator. The capacity of the room is for 2 persons. "	"Very lovely room with all equipment Inside: shower, little kitchen (mico wave, fridge, plates, glasses...) and internet wifi connection. Very calm area at 10 min by walk from the eiffel tower, the ""arc de triomphe"" and the Trocadéro. Also, at 5 min by walk from all kind of basics shops ( food, lundary, pharmacy, ect..) and 2 min from the RER and the metro. The room has been all refreshed and lovely furnished. The price includes the electricity and the heat. The flat is on the the 6th floor with elevator. The capacity of the room is for 2 persons. "
24215	Very nice and charming apartment located 2 minutes walk from the Parc Monceau. Top floor (6th) with elevator access very quiet Avenue Foch view of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris. 50 meters from the Etoile, near 3 metro stations - 1 bedroom with a double bed for 2 - Living room with sofa bed / brochure - Kitchen Area (table sofa chairs, sofa, armchairs) - 1 shower / separate toilet - 1 kitchen with a full equipment : micro wave, Kettle, oven, Vacuum cleaner, fridge - Washing machine - 1 TV screen - WIFI access Located in the 16th arrondissement near the Etoile and the Place Victor Hugo on one of the most prestigious address in paris   Great Studio 33sqm fully renovated very stylish and fully equipped. Perfect for a couple or two friends in Paris, possibly with a child. In a Haussmann building standing, it will also be very well a business trip. And the neighborhood is very quiet and well connected by metro, bus etc.. Many shops, restaurants and places to live nearby. The apa	Superb 2 rooms in the heart of the 16th One of the most beautiful avenues of Paris.  On the top floor under the roof, a splendid view of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris.  Fully equipped : Kitchen, Coffee machine, Hot Water, Nespresso machine, micro-wave, Oven, Hoover, Washing machine,  TV, Internet Acces, aspirateur.... Design and refurbished.  Very quiet  Elevator to the appartement Janitor for any help and mail box Very nice and charming apartment located 2 minutes walk from the Parc Monceau. Top floor (6th) with elevator access very quiet Avenue Foch view of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris. 50 meters from the Etoile, near 3 metro stations - 1 bedroom with a double bed for 2 - Living room with sofa bed / brochure - Kitchen Area (table sofa chairs, sofa, armchairs) - 1 shower / separate toilet - 1 kitchen with a full equipment : micro wave, Kettle, oven, Vacuum cleaner, fridge - Washing machine - 1 TV screen - WIFI access Located in the 16th arrondissement near t
24216	L'appartement se compose d'une grande chambre avec un lit Queen-Size, d'un séjour avec cuisine ouverte, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC séparé. La cuisine est totalement équipée avec un four, un micro-ondes, quatre plaques électriques, un lave-vaisselles, une machine Nespresso, et une machine à laver le linge séchante. L'appartement est équipé d'une télévision avec lecteur DVD, une chaine Hifi et l'accès internet par Wifi.  L'appartement donne sur une cour de verdure, très calme et agréable.  Vous pourrez profitez du marché dans la rue trois fois par semaine ainsi que des nombreux commerces et restaurants  dans le quartier. L'appartement se situe à 50 mètres du métro Victor Hugo et à 500 mètres du Trocadéro. L'appartement est équipé d'une télévision avec lecteur DVD, une chaine Hifi et l'accès internet par Wifi.  L'appartement donne sur une cour de verdure, très calme et agréable.  Vous pourrez profitez du marché dans la rue trois fois par semaine ainsi que des nombreux commer	Charming peaceful apartment, two steps from the place victor hugo amidst greenery. Up to four people with the sofa bed in the living room. Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen, a balcony and its proximity to the metro.
24217	Appartement cozy, idéal pour une famille, un couple ou encore un groupe d'amis.  Le logement se compose de deux pièces séparés par une porte. La première partie comporte une mezzanine et la salle de bain. La deuxième  est composé d'un salon avec une cuisine américaine, salle à manger et une deuxième mezzanine.   Petit déjeuner, serviettes de bain, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser sont à votre disposition.  Il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Quartier très calme, supermarchés, boulangeries et restaurants à 2 min de marche.	Appartement de 35 m² + 2 mezzanines pour dormir.  Il est très bien situé, à 5 min à pied de la rue de passy ( commerces)  et 2 min à pied du métro et du bus. Appartement cozy, idéal pour une famille, un couple ou encore un groupe d'amis.  Le logement se compose de deux pièces séparés par une porte. La première partie comporte une mezzanine et la salle de bain. La deuxième  est composé d'un salon avec une cuisine américaine, salle à manger et une deuxième mezzanine.   Petit déjeuner, serviettes de bain, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser sont à votre disposition.  Il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Quartier très calme, supermarchés, boulangeries et restaurants à 2 min de marche. Je me ferais un plaisir de vous apporter l'aide qu'il vous faudra et vous familiariser avec ce beau quartier. Metro : Ranelagh - ligne 9 desservant les stations suivantes : Trocadero à  5 min ( Tour eiffel champs de mars).  Franklin Roosevelt à 10 min ( Avenue des champs élysées ) Havre caumartin
24218	This 140 sqm (1400 sq ft) apartment is absolutely charming, it has seven rooms, three of them are separate bedrooms, two bathrooms and it can sleep up to five guests. It will be perfect for a family. The spacious entrance hall opens on the living-room that features several couches, every one will find his place here, all around an impressive decorative marble chimney. From the living-room you will access an office room equipped with a large desk. It will be perfect if you need a comfortable place to work. Through the dividing wall of the office room you can see the dining-room which is accessible it from the entrance hall. The dining-room has a very nice wooden table that can accommodate up to six guests. The equipped kitchen is open on the dining-room. From the dining area, a corridor will lead you to the master bedroom. It has a double bed 140x200, a large flat television with cable TV channels and a dresser. You can also store your clothes in the wardrobe in the corridor. The master	Atypical 140 sqm 3-bedroom apartment with two bathrooms located in the prestigious 16th district in Paris. Comfortable and quiet, it will be perfect for a family. This 140 sqm (1400 sq ft) apartment is absolutely charming, it has seven rooms, three of them are separate bedrooms, two bathrooms and it can sleep up to five guests. It will be perfect for a family. The spacious entrance hall opens on the living-room that features several couches, every one will find his place here, all around an impressive decorative marble chimney. From the living-room you will access an office room equipped with a large desk. It will be perfect if you need a comfortable place to work. Through the dividing wall of the office room you can see the dining-room which is accessible it from the entrance hall. The dining-room has a very nice wooden table that can accommodate up to six guests. The equipped kitchen is open on the dining-room. From the dining area, a corridor will lead you to the master bedroom. It 
24219		Beautiful room on the last floor of a building with view on the Arc de Triomphe. If I'm not working, I'll gladly show you around.  The main Metro line (1) is just downstairs. And there is also a night bus stop in front of the building. 
24220	Très bien placé dans le 16ème  Entierement équipé	"superbe Studio refait à neuf et entièrement équipé dans le 16ème .  canapé lit 2 places,  cuisine équipée avec plaques électriques, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, lavabo et vaisselle, machine à laver linge  Escalier sans ascenseur Dernier etage (7e) superbe vue sous les toits de Paris Très bien placé dans le 16ème  Entierement équipé accès à un local a vélo Je suis voisin du lieu du studio et disponbile pour le loueur en cas de besoin. tres calme et luxueux  facile d'acces un des plus beaux quartier de Paris RER C Bus 52 Ligne 9 ""Rue de la Pompe"""
24221	Renovated in September 2013, this little nook may be small but it has it all! A fully equipped Kitchen, a full bathroom, closet space and one of the most comfortable sofa beds you’ve ever slept on! There is a small parlor at the entrance with a built in closet on your right for your clothes and luggage. Straight ahead is a sliding door that opens to the bathroom with a vanity, WC, comfortable shower that’s tall people friendly, and some shelves for your bathroom stuff. To your left is the main room. The kitchen has tons of space for your food, a large work station and a smaller table perched above for bar space. Behind the bar is the sofa that pulls into a bed with very little effort. The TV has around 30 channels (mostly in French but sometimes English movies are not dubbed), the place also comes with wifi access. The location is great! In the 16th Arrondissement, on the first floor (though we have double sided windows, you will still hear faint city noises) of a building across the s	Renovated in September 2013, this little nook may be small but it has it all! A fully equipped Kitchen, a full bathroom, closet space and one of the most comfortable sofa beds you’ve ever slept on! There is a small parlor at the entrance with a built in closet on your right for your clothes and luggage. Straight ahead is a sliding door that opens to the bathroom with a vanity, WC, comfortable shower that’s tall people friendly, and some shelves for your bathroom stuff. To your left is the main room. The kitchen has tons of space for your food, a large work station and a smaller table perched above for bar space. Behind the bar is the sofa that pulls into a bed with very little effort. The TV has around 30 channels (mostly in French but sometimes English movies are not dubbed), the place also comes with wifi access. The location is great! In the 16th Arrondissement, on the first floor (though we have double sided windows, you will still hear faint city noises) of a building across the s
24222	1000 sqf apartment with high ceiling, chimney and wooded floor. Spacious and cosy Living and Dining Room.   One Master Bedroom with Twin bed and adjacent shower and toilet Second room with single sofa bed or twin mattress next to bathroom with toilet One additional bedroom, can be made available upon request at extra cost.	Welcome! This typical Parisian Apartment is located in a premium residential street close to public transport and shops. High floor wiht lift! Two  bedrooms  for 4 guests.  3rd bedroom optional at extra cost. Please request for info if needed 1000 sqf apartment with high ceiling, chimney and wooded floor. Spacious and cosy Living and Dining Room.   One Master Bedroom with Twin bed and adjacent shower and toilet Second room with single sofa bed or twin mattress next to bathroom with toilet One additional bedroom, can be made available upon request at extra cost. WIFI all amenities we would greet our guest personally if schedule allows.  complete household manuals available upon arrival;  Located in  a premium quiet residential area.  Grocery, bakery, butcher and some good restaurants are within 5-10 minutes walking distance Champs Elysees is a nice and easy 20min walk Well served by public transport :  12 min walk to RyanAir bus stop to&from Beauvais  airport 10 min walk to Air France b
24223	120 m2 Flat, in high level location.  1 parental suite room with a big bathroom (tub+2sink) a kid room with 2 singles bed. A second small bathroom with toilets and a gigantic livingroom. 2nd floor with elevator. Beautiful building Hausmann's architecture, typical historic Lobby with a lodge and housekeeper.  walkable distance to Triumph Arc and Eiffel Tower. Neighborhood with a lot of tradiotionnal food shops. Restaurants, Cafés, Bank, supermarkets, and all facilities are in the area. A nice blending between real traditionnal Parisian life and luxury area.  	Amazing flat 2 steps from Eiffel Tower & Arc of Triomphe ! 120 m2 - idyl 
24224	I can show you Paris, take you around, take you to unique places and help you possibly discover Paris in a way never discovered before. (If you would like) Apartment is in the 16th arrondissement. Close to the Eiffel tower, close to the champs elysees.	2km from Eiffel Tower by walk, 5 minutes by metro. 200m from metro Jasmin line 9- goes directly to the champs elysees (metro- Franklin D. Roosevelt). 10 minutes away. Quite, safe neighbourhood in Paris. I can show you Paris, take you around, take you to unique places and help you possibly discover Paris in a way never discovered before. (If you would like) Apartment is in the 16th arrondissement. Close to the Eiffel tower, close to the champs elysees. Coffee machine, metro, map, paris guidebook, promotional offers if applicable I can interact with guests as much as they need.  It is quite, safe, many parks around. Metro, Bus, Walk, Bicycle. Everything is close and perfect Can rent out a bicycle additionally if needed.
24225		Chambre à louer dans un appartement 3 pièces de 90m2 . Dans un quartier aisé de Paris près de tous transports et commerces. Situé Près du RER C (Avenue du Président Kennedy) que de la ligne 6 (Passy) et de la ligne 9 (la Muette). Proche Tour Eiffel et Champs-Élysées.
24226	(The apartment can also be rented-out in its entirety; please check the other ads under my profile) Comfortable space (42m²), functional layout. Luminous (4th floor), very calm can accommodate up to 2 guests. Double bed in the bedroom plus sofa bed in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen; basic equipment plus microwave, filter coffee machine. Washing machine & dryer. Bathroom with shower.  High speed wifi and unlimited calls to (most) land-lines worldwide. US & Canada mobiles included.	À propos de ce logement Comfortable, luminous 1-bedroom apartment (42m²) located just a block away from Trocadero square.  Situated in a quite courtyard, within a couple of minutes walk from Trocadero metro station (lines 6, 9) and Boissiere (6) (The apartment can also be rented-out in its entirety; please check the other ads under my profile) Comfortable space (42m²), functional layout. Luminous (4th floor), very calm can accommodate up to 2 guests. Double bed in the bedroom plus sofa bed in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen; basic equipment plus microwave, filter coffee machine. Washing machine & dryer. Bathroom with shower.  High speed wifi and unlimited calls to (most) land-lines worldwide. US & Canada mobiles included. The guest(s) have access to the entire apartment during their stay. The bedroom is reserved for their private use. I have been living in Paris for over 10 years; an expat myself I am very accustomed to the difficulties one might encounter when visiting... I am
24227		Chambre indépendante avec salle de bain à partager dans un appartement mansardé, lumineux et atypique.
24228		"Rent private room (13m2) in an apartment (60m2) Haussmann style. Metro L9 ""Rue de la Pompe"" and RER C ""Henri Martin"". The Eiffel tower : 8 min walk The champs elysees : 4 subway stations We have a cat :-) for people who are allergic. You can use the WC, the bathroom, the living room and the kitchen. We can advise you about restaurants, bars, shopping, monuments, museums ... Subways stations : 9 Rue de la Pompe / RER C Henri Martin"
24229	"In the center of Auteuil's ""village"", near the ""rue d'Auteuil"" and many shops, we welcome you to our cozy and very sunny apartment. 15mn from the Eiffel Tower, our apartment is served by 2 metro lines (9 and 10) and many buses you can discover Paris easily."	"Room in a sunny, cozy and quiet apartment in a very nice neighborhood. In the center of Auteuil's ""village"", near the ""rue d'Auteuil"" and many shops, we welcome you to our cozy and very sunny apartment. 15mn from the Eiffel Tower, our apartment is served by 2 metro lines (9 and 10) and many buses you can discover Paris easily. You will have access to: - a large living room with a sofa bed very comfortable, a table and chairs, a large library and our plants, - a spacious bathroom with a large bathtub and shower, - a fully equipped kitchen (oven, hob, large fridge / freezer, Kitchenaid, Thermomix, Nespresso machine, electric kettle, washing machine, ...) - Wifi internet access (fiber speed), - Our tips for discovering Paris :) We are happy to help you during your stay.  We could advice you for monuments to visit, restaurants that we like and to point you in the neighborhood (shops, services) and in Paris. We speak English, German, Italian, Spanish ... and French. Ligne 9 : Michel-Ange Au"
24230	The flat is big and provides all amenities like a kitchen, separate toilet and bathroom, washing machine,Wifi,internet,Tv and cabel TV. There is a lift in the building too (The flat is on the second floor though). There are two bedrooms both rentable.	"           The flat is situated in a quiet street in the near of the ""Parc des Princes"". We are renting two of the bedrooms in the flat. The center of Paris is a mere half an hour away by metro using the lines 9 or 10. The flat is big and provides all amenities like a kitchen, separate toilet and bathroom, washing machine,Wifi,internet,Tv and cabel TV. There is a lift in the building too (The flat is on the second floor though). There are two bedrooms both rentable. As our guest you have a free access to all amenities in the flat! Als Gast haben sie auf alles zugang zu alles in der Wohnung und im zweifelsfall einfach fragen. My mum lives in the flat (24/7) and I occasionaly visit which has proven to be great because she can provide immediate help and information. My mum lives in the flat and I occasionaly visit which has proven to be a great  because she can provide immediate help and information. The flat is situated in a quiet street in the near of the ""Parc des Princes"".  All superm"
24231	Please send a note of availability before making a reservation . Thank you. Trocadero  (Eiffel Tower) area , beautiful room with a queen size (140cm x 200cm) very comfortable bed with 100% soft linen (website hidden) , Wifi and a private bathroom.  An authentic parisian loft or Atelier d'artiste  of a 1900's building 3rd floor no elevator. But I'll be there to help with luggage . Included in the price are , towels, bathrobes, hair dryer, use of the fully equiped  kitchen with a  washer & dryier , and  living room . You'll have  a delicious  french breakfast with freshly squeezed  orange juice , croissants, and baguette. The room is 20 sq meters with a closet  a bureau and a collection of TINTIN comic books for you to enjoy . The room is very quiet , the window opens into a courtyard. The bathroom is private but separate from the room .  The loft is situated in an exclusive, very safe , and lively neighborhood of the 16th arrondissement . 7 minutes walking to Trocadero (Eiffel Tower are	Please send a note of availability before making a reservation . Thank you. Trocadero  (Eiffel Tower) area , beautiful room with a queen size (140cm x 200cm) very comfortable bed with 100% soft linen (website hidden) , Wifi and a private bathroom.  An authentic parisian loft or Atelier d'artiste  of a 1900's building 3rd floor no elevator. But I'll be there to help with luggage . Included in the price are , towels, bathrobes, hair dryer, use of the fully equiped  kitchen with a  washer & dryier , and  living room . You'll have  a delicious  french breakfast with freshly squeezed  orange juice , croissants, and baguette. The room is 20 sq meters with a closet  a bureau and a collection of TINTIN comic books for you to enjoy . The room is very quiet , the window opens into a courtyard. The bathroom is private but separate from the room .  The loft is situated in an exclusive, very safe , and lively neighborhood of the 16th arrondissement . 7 minutes walking to Trocadero (Eiffel Tower are
24232	Very convenient and confortable place. Ease and relax after a busy day discovering the wonderful city of Paris. There is everything in the appartment to make you feel good.	"One bedroom appartement in the heart of the  ""Village d'Auteuil"".  Very convenient location, one step  near transportations and commodo    Very convenient and confortable place. Ease and relax after a busy day discovering the wonderful city of Paris. There is everything in the appartment to make you feel good. You will have a very easy access to the appartement. Transportations are very close near by, bus or metro. The neighbourhood is lively with restaurants and shops around. If you are found of fresh food, there is a market on mondays, wednesdays and saturdays morning, 5 minutes walk from the appartement. You will have access to everyhting in the appartment. Just make yourself at home and have a wonderful stay in Paris Feel free to contact me if you need any recommandation on what to, where to eat.. Enjoy Paris like parisians do!"
24233		Studio meublé, entièrement équipé localisé à La Muette, à quelques pas de la Tour Eiffel. Confortable. Grand lit + un canapé Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain avec toilettes et douche. Accès individuel à la cuisine et à la salle de bain+Toilettes Oui, je reste disponible Quartier dynamique et sympathique.  Cafés, restaurants, magasins et galerie marchande Supermarché Epiceries Accès rapide au métro ligne 9 et au RER C
24234		Étudiante, je propose un cohébergement dans mon appartement au centre de Paris. Le cohébergement comprend une chambre indépendante, le reste des pièces est à partager. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour avoir plus de renseignements.
24235	Au 7ème étage sans ascenseur, mais la vue se mérite :) TV, robinet, armoire, douche, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, table, canapé lit, chauffage. WC juste en face de la chambre (7th floor without elevator, a lot of equipment inside : TV, shower, fridge, microwave, kitchen with pots, pans, cutlery, glasses, plates, table, sofa bed, wardrobe, mirror, papers etc. Toilets are in front of the room.	Dans cette chambre équipée et meublé, refaite à neuve, idéalement située à deux pas du Trocadéro et du quartier de Passy, vous retrouverez le charme de Paris et profiterez d'une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel. Au 7ème étage sans ascenseur, mais la vue se mérite :) TV, robinet, armoire, douche, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, table, canapé lit, chauffage. WC juste en face de la chambre (7th floor without elevator, a lot of equipment inside : TV, shower, fridge, microwave, kitchen with pots, pans, cutlery, glasses, plates, table, sofa bed, wardrobe, mirror, papers etc. Toilets are in front of the room. Metro : Trocadero (ligne 6 ou 9) ou Passy (ligne 6) From Denfert-Rochereau, take metro line 6, stop to Trocadero or Passy Nearly Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes walking Lot of restaurants with wifi nearly the room, place very safe Ligne 6 et 9 du métro TROCADERO ou ligne 6 PASSY à 5 min des Champs-Elysées
24236	Квартира полностью меблирована: диван-кровать угловой, платяной зеркальный шкаф, журнальный столик (гостиная); двуспальная кровать, прикроватная тумбочка, платяной шкаф,письменный стол (спальня 1); двуспальная кровать, прикроватная тумбочка, платяной шкаф, сейф (спальня 2); обеденный стол, стулья (обеденная зона); электроплита, холодильник, стиральная машина, стол, стулья, чайник, кофеварка, посуда (кухня). Ванная комната: ванна и душ. WC. Также в Вашем распоряжении спальные принадлежности, полотенца, фен. Wi-Fi.	Квартира находится на площади Трокадеро в 3-х минутах от Эйфелевой башни. Можно разместить 6-7 человек.  Квартира полностью меблирована. Есть ванна и душ. Резиденция с красивым внутренним двориком, лифтом и паркингом. Квартира полностью меблирована: диван-кровать угловой, платяной зеркальный шкаф, журнальный столик (гостиная); двуспальная кровать, прикроватная тумбочка, платяной шкаф,письменный стол (спальня 1); двуспальная кровать, прикроватная тумбочка, платяной шкаф, сейф (спальня 2); обеденный стол, стулья (обеденная зона); электроплита, холодильник, стиральная машина, стол, стулья, чайник, кофеварка, посуда (кухня). Ванная комната: ванна и душ. WC. Также в Вашем распоряжении спальные принадлежности, полотенца, фен. Wi-Fi. Квартира в 100 м2 расположена в 5-этажном здании, на 3 этаже. Резиденция с красивым внутренним двориком, лифтом и паркингом. 2 спальни, большая светлая гостиная с окнами в пол, отдельная небольшая кухня, обеденная зона, WC, ванная комната: ванна и душ. Я всегда б
24237	We are pleased to welcome you in our warm & charmful apartment, which is located in an exceptional place near THE FAMOUS AVENUE CHAMPS ÉLYSÉES and TROCADERO, the place for the most beautiful view on EIFFEL TOWER. The apartment comfortably welcome 3 people.  It has a very comfortable and relaxing living room with a High quality sofa bed for 2 persons (120 cm), a sofa bed for 1 person (70 cm), a dinner table and coffee table.  High Speed Internet, WiFi and cable TV are also available.  The kitchen is fully equipped and there is plenty of cooking hardware. We will provide fresh bed linen and towels.	A beautiful and cosy apartment in a fancy neighborhood.  Near to Trocadero (3 min walking), the most beautiful view of Eiffel Tower!  And near to champs Elysée (10 min walking to Arc de Triomphe). We are pleased to welcome you in our warm & charmful apartment, which is located in an exceptional place near THE FAMOUS AVENUE CHAMPS ÉLYSÉES and TROCADERO, the place for the most beautiful view on EIFFEL TOWER. The apartment comfortably welcome 3 people.  It has a very comfortable and relaxing living room with a High quality sofa bed for 2 persons (120 cm), a sofa bed for 1 person (70 cm), a dinner table and coffee table.  High Speed Internet, WiFi and cable TV are also available.  The kitchen is fully equipped and there is plenty of cooking hardware. We will provide fresh bed linen and towels. We welcome you in our apartment and share with you the space: My husband and I will be in the bed room and we offer you the space of the living room wich is 25 m² and sleeps 3 peoples. We are discree
24238	Small individual flat of 40m² with living room, separate kitchen, separate bathroom and separate WC Bedroom for 2 people in a real and new bed. 1st floor on a priavate yard.	Bedroom for 1 or 2 people in a 2 rooms flat (bedroom and sitting room) Comfortable sleeping in a real new bed. Bed sheets + pillows or bolster + towels are supplied Small individual flat of 40m² with living room, separate kitchen, separate bathroom and separate WC Bedroom for 2 people in a real and new bed. 1st floor on a priavate yard. Total access to the whole flat. I can advise you about the visits. I will be there for your coming. Trocadéro (Eiffel Tower) by 5 minutes walking, Immediate acces to Rue de Longchamp, Avenue Victor Hugo by 5 minutes walking, Dauphine University, Rue de Passy by 7 minutes walking. Métro Line 9 (3 minutes walking - Rue de la Pompe). Métro Line 6 (5 minutes  walking - Trocadéro). Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport : 45 min / 60 Euros by taxi or around 1h15 and 13 euros per person by public transportation. Bed sheets + towels + pillows or bolster supplied. Hair dryer. Umbrella available if needed. You can ask me if you need any laundry.
24239	The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge.	Spacious apartement, on level 3 with lift.  Quiet. With Gardien, security Intercom. Large reception room 700 M/SQ ( Enter+Living+Dining Room ). 3 BDR, 2 bath and shower Rooms. A large office/kitcheen with piano. 2 Toilets The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. Avenue Foch : one of the most prestigious avenues in Paris. If you want to visit the Avenue Foch district during your stay in Paris, take a look at our selection of luxury apartments in Paris. Avenue Foch is a glamorous street where you can take a stroll in the shade of hundred-year-old trees. A peaceful neighborhood for a pleasant stay. A large avenue leading to the west of Paris Formerly Avenue de l'Impératrice, and then Avenue du Bois de Boulogne, Avenue Foch is 0.8 miles long and runs from Place Charles-de-Gaulle-Étoile to Porte Dauphine. It is more than 390 feet wide, making it the widest road in Paris. It is also one of the most prestigious, exclusive avenues in the capita
24240	"Our flat is closed to the Trocadéro and the Champs Elysées avenue. We have all the commerce closed to Our flat (Wine shop, boulangerie, shopping, pub, butchery, Fish). 100 meters to ""Ranelagh"" on Line 9 (subway)"	We provide linen and towel. Our flat is closed to the Trocadéro and the Champs Elysées avenue. We have all shops closed to our flat (Wine shop, boulangerie, shopping, pub, butchery, Fish). Our is on the ranelgh metro line 9
24241	The room is really charming and warm. It is both modern in terms of furnitures and lightening, and typically parisian with the view.	Located 10 min by walk from Trocadéro/ Eiffeil tower, this room is small but charming, with a bed mezzanine and a beautiful view of the Eiffel tower. Shops and restaurants are close by. The room is really charming and warm. It is both modern in terms of furnitures and lightening, and typically parisian with the view. You have access to the whole place with two keys, one to enter the building and the other to enter the room. I will help you with the luggage at the arrival and at your departure using the elevator I have access to. My flat is at the 3rd floor of the building. Toilets are at your floor's corridor and I have never seen them other than extremely clean (I lhave lived in the room for two years). I will be at your disposal for any question or advice you need during your journey in Paris. This place of Paris is very chic, very close to a nice park and commerces/ restaurants. The tube is 5 minutes from the building and gives a quick access to most of the city as well as Versaille
24242	Spacious flat decorated with taste. With all ametnities (coffe machine, toaster, dishwasher, laundry machine, big frige and freezer). Brand news beds ans furniture (recently renovated flat). We always make sure every guest feels at home and experiences the French lifestyle leaving wene and fresh baguette and at arrival.	Fancy and safe neighborhood in Paris right next to the Maison de la Radio and transportation système (RERC - 2min // L6 - 10min // L9 - 5min). Eiffel Tower and musuems such as Palais de Tokyo or Trocadero at walking distance. Spacious flat decorated with taste. With all ametnities (coffe machine, toaster, dishwasher, laundry machine, big frige and freezer). Brand news beds ans furniture (recently renovated flat). We always make sure every guest feels at home and experiences the French lifestyle leaving wene and fresh baguette and at arrival. Access to everything, lots of closets in the appartement. Towels, new sheets,  soap and basic groceries (such as oil, vinegar, coffee, tea, salt...)   and evertyhing you need will be there. i'll be available if you need help.
24243	Dans un quartier somptueux et paisible, à quelques pas de la Tour Eiffel, voici un appartement spacieux qui recèle énormément de charmes. Qu'il s'agisse du salon avec ses canapés en cuir confortables et sa déco moderne ou de sa cuisine lumineuse avec vue sur les toits de Paris ou encore de sa chambre mansardée avec ses meubles en bois, ce logement est conçu pour que votre séjour à Paris soit inoubliable. 	PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU ARE RENTING A ROOM IN A FLAT WHERE WE LIVE AND NOT THE FULL FLAT. THE LIVING ROOM IS NOT INCLUDED WITHIN THE RENTING .
24244	The whole studio will be for yourselves.  This bright studio have two large window Seine.  There is a sofa bed facing TV. At night to transform this room in a bed room you just have to put down open the bed . You can easly leave it down during the day. Otherwise you just have to close easely. There is an internet wifi free connexion.	This cosy studio is the perfect hideaway for a romantic trip in Paris. It's perfectly located front of Seine, 10 min walk of Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the famous 16th area. We decorated this studio to make it very cosy. You will feel like home
24245	Si vous souhaitez découvrir un beau quartier, calme et propice aux sessions shopping, bienvenue dans mon appartement ! Il a un grand salon, une cuisine séparée et même une baignoire. Le lit double et .. le lit rond vous assureront le meilleur séjour.	If you want to discover a quiet pretty and shopping-friendly neighbourhood, welcome to my apartment ! It has a big living room, a separate kitchen and even a bathtub. The double bed and ... circular bed will guarantee you the nicest stay. Only 2 minutes from metro station Ranelagh and RER C station Boulainvilliers ! You can find anything you want in the neighbourhood with its bakery, supermarket, butsher shop,...
24246	Situé au coeur du 16ème arrondissement. Immeuble calme et sécuritaire. Entrée avec digicode. Récemment rénové. Décoration intérieure originale et colorée. Particulièrement calme et lumineux. Peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes (lit 120x200). Proche tous commerces (café, boulangerie, boucherie, épicerie, supermarché, bureau de tabac, laverie, banque, poste...)	Situé au coeur du 16ème arrondissement. Immeuble calme et sécuritaire. Entrée avec digicode. Récemment rénové. Décoration intérieure originale et colorée. Particulièrement calme et lumineux. Peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes (lit 120x200). Proche tous commerces (café, boulangerie, boucherie, épicerie, supermarché, bureau de tabac, laverie, banque, poste...) Accès à tout le logement. Arrivée entre 15h et 19h. Départ avant 12h. Disponible pour tout renseignement. Quartier agréable à vivre. A ne pas manquer : la visite du musée Guimet, musée national des arts asiatiques ! Métro Trocadéro, Boissière ou Iéna. Accès depuis aéroport CDG : car Air France jusqu'à Etoile/Champs-Elysées + métro ligne 6 jusqu'à Boissière. Accès depuis Orly : Orly bus jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau + métro ligne 6 jusqu'à Trocadéro. Draps et serviettes de bain fournis. Ménage assuré par le propriétaire à la fin du séjour. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout renseignement ou commentaire.
24247	Room for rent closed to the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. In a beautiful and typical building with  shaded courtyard. At 6th floor with elevator, a room with double bed , small kitchen (cooker, fridge , microwave) , a shower and a toilet. Very bright near Trocadero , Eiffel Tower and metro to visit PARIS . IDEAL for tourist or student At 6 floor with elevator With A room with two lit places , not kitchenette ( hob, fridge , microwave ) , shower and toilet not in June . Very bright. Closed to the subway, the perfect way to visit PARIS.	Room for rent closed to the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. In a beautiful and typical building with  shaded courtyard. At 6th floor with elevator, a room with double bed , small kitchen (cooker, fridge , microwave) , a shower and a toilet. Very bright near Trocadero , Eiffel Tower and metro to visit PARIS . IDEAL for tourist or student At 6 floor with elevator With A room with two lit places , not kitchenette ( hob, fridge , microwave ) , shower and toilet not in June . Very bright. Closed to the subway, the perfect way to visit PARIS. The room is not shared . You will be totally autonomous and can manage your time without restraint I live in the same building if you need any information about the area or Paris. the neighborhood is very nice with the Trocadero, the Eiffel Tower and the famous Passy street. Imperial bus departure, and tourist boat on the Seine to visit Paris  Food store nearby, and a laundromat 2 Metro lines (6 and 9 ) to move in Paris . RER C just under the Eiffel Tow
24248	9 square meters studio apartment, with a beautiful view on the Seine, and magic Paris.  The apartment is located on the 8th floor (elevator until 7th) in a 30's building. It is completely refurbished : with a sofa bed, open kitchen fully equiped with hot plates, frige/freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle. The shower is in the room; w-c is outside on the same floor and shared with 2 other subtenants.  The apartment is fully equiped with TV + DVD player, wifi, water, electricity and heating included.  You also have shelves  a table with high chairs for the bar and pouffe.  It is located in a very quiet area, very close to the Seine and the Eiffel Tower. It is perfect to discover Paris and its amazing treasures.  You have several metro station around the corner :  - Mirabeau (ligne 10),  - Javel (ligne 10 ou RER C),  - Jasmin (ligne 9) Long-term rental is possible. Please notice there is a 15-night minimum stay. 	Very nice and simple studio (ex maidroom) in a safe and convenient neighbourhood. 9 square meters studio apartment, with a beautiful view on the Seine, and magic Paris.  The apartment is located on the 8th floor (elevator until 7th) in a 30's building. It is completely refurbished : with a sofa bed, open kitchen fully equiped with hot plates, frige/freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle. The shower is in the room; w-c is outside on the same floor and shared with 2 other subtenants.  The apartment is fully equiped with TV + DVD player, wifi, water, electricity and heating included.  You also have shelves  a table with high chairs for the bar and pouffe.  It is located in a very quiet area, very close to the Seine and the Eiffel Tower. It is perfect to discover Paris and its amazing treasures.  You have several metro station around the corner :  - Mirabeau (ligne 10),  - Javel (ligne 10 ou RER C),  - Jasmin (ligne 9) Long-term rental is possible. Please notice there is a 15-night minim
24249	The room has two single beds (90x200) with a private access to the terrace. Just accroos the room you will have your own private shower and your private bathroom just across the hall. You can enjoy the living room and are welcome to use the equipements in the kitchen.	This Private Room in a 110 m2 apartment comes with a private bathroom and shower as well as a private access to the Terrace overlooking the Seine River. It is steps away from the Eiffel Tower and very well connected with public transportation. The room has two single beds (90x200) with a private access to the terrace. Just accroos the room you will have your own private shower and your private bathroom just across the hall. You can enjoy the living room and are welcome to use the equipements in the kitchen. You will have access to a private Room as well as a private bathroom with toilet and shower. You will of course have the necessary towels and amenities for the bathroom (Shampoo etc). I am a profound lover of Paris and since I am often travelling, I am happy to share my apartment with travellers that are curious to discover Paris as much as I. I am happy to provide you with recommendations for bars and restaurants as well as the exhibitions that are being held, and I could help you 
24250	This bedroom is seperate and  located 2 floors above the main apartment. It is fitted with a comfortable double sofabed (140*200) and closet for storage. Best suited for single traveller, Max 2 guests. Guests enjoy INDEPENDENCE & PRIVACY   by accessing the bedroom through service staircase (6th floor walk up) without going through the main apartment.  'building''s (old, shabby but functional) shared toilets are located on the same floor than the bedroom. Guests must come down to use the shower in our main apartment at pre arranged time.	In quiet and safe residential area, close to Porte Maillot and Champs Elysee. This cosy bedroom is under the roof. Guest enjoys PRIVACY as it is SEPARATE from the main apartment (2  floor difference) where the bathroom is accessible at pre arranged time. Guest can come and go FREELY  by service staircase (6 floors).   Luggage via lift through main apt. Please take time to read full description below. This bedroom is seperate and  located 2 floors above the main apartment. It is fitted with a comfortable double sofabed (140*200) and closet for storage. Best suited for single traveller, Max 2 guests. Guests enjoy INDEPENDENCE & PRIVACY   by accessing the bedroom through service staircase (6th floor walk up) without going through the main apartment.  'building''s (old, shabby but functional) shared toilets are located on the same floor than the bedroom. Guests must come down to use the shower in our main apartment at pre arranged time. small appliances are available in the bedroom for sim
24251		1 to 2 pers (two single beds) Near  Seine, Eiffel Tower, Bois de Boulogne All transports, shops, coffee places and bakeries  Underground parking extra Metro Ligne 6 et 9 RER C Bus 22, 52, 32 Velib Possibilité de garer une voiture en sous-sol en supplément
24252	AN EXCLUSIVE LOCATION Apartement on the 1st floor in a beautiful parisian building, in the heart of the highly desirable « 16th district » of  paris, the very charming  home located between Trocadero and bois de Boulogne, just off the famous Avenue Foch and the luxury boutiques of Avenue Victor Hugo. The Eiffel Tower, Avenue des Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe The small apartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being a walking distance from the best restaurant, the Wine museum, the Guimet museum, Marmottan-Monet museum, Museum of Modern Art, Galliera museum and Palais de Chaillot- Cité de l’Architecture.You will also be able to walk to your meetings in rue Spontini, rue de Longchamps, avenue Kléber, place de Mexico or avenue d’Iéna for example. The business districts of La Défence, Levallois-Perret and Neuilly-Sur-Seine are at a few minutes by taxi or subway.	Eiffel Tower 4 minutes and Champs Elysées 10 minutes walk. Private appartement 1st floor, completely renovated, full option, very central and really romantic with luster 19th century, marble and moulding :) AN EXCLUSIVE LOCATION Apartement on the 1st floor in a beautiful parisian building, in the heart of the highly desirable « 16th district » of  paris, the very charming  home located between Trocadero and bois de Boulogne, just off the famous Avenue Foch and the luxury boutiques of Avenue Victor Hugo. The Eiffel Tower, Avenue des Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe The small apartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being a walking distance from the best restaurant, the Wine museum, the Guimet museum, Marmottan-Monet museum, Museum of Modern Art, Galliera museum and Palais de Chaillot- Cité de l’Architecture.You will also be able to walk to your meetings in rue Spontini, rue de Longchamps, avenue Kléber, place de Mexico or avenue d’Iéna for example. The business districts 
24253	Large and comfortable rooms with haussman-style. Bottom out of wood-parquet.	Located in Auteuil-Village inside Paris, next to Rolland-Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Ideal for joggers and triathletes. Nice building with Haussman-style, private bedroom with own bath, utilization of kitchen. Free Wifi. Large and comfortable rooms with haussman-style. Bottom out of wood-parquet. Kitchen, Wifi Other possibilities on request (breakfast, etc.) High-standing building and location, one of the favorite locations to live in Paris Very easy transportation : Métro (5 min) bus and public bicycles at the corner. Perfect location to reach the city-center, enjoy the Auteuil-village with its nice market and its cafés, go walking/jogging in the Bois de Boulogne. Swimming pools next to here.
24254	Above a typical Parisian square with a great cafe and food markets in the heart of fashionable Passy neighbourhood.  See the Eiffel Tower from your bedroom window, walk to it in 15 minutes.  10 minutes subway ride to Champs Elysees and Latin Quarter; 20 minutes door-to-door to the Louvre. Enjoy the modern facilities of a newly refurbished apartment in the charm of a 19th century house in the prestigious, fashionable and fun Passy neighbourhood of the 16th district of Paris. A double bedroom away from the street with en-suite separate shower and toilet gives our guests  privacy and calm, with plenty of hanging and shelf space for clothes. Guests have full access to the living space of the apartment: a sitting area around the indoor fireplace; the main dining area, and the fully equipped designer kitchen. Passy is a renowned shopping neighbourhood, with design boutiques and up-market brands along the main Rue de Passy.  A great covered market and the pedestrian market street, Rue de l'An	Above a typical Parisian square with a great cafe and food markets in the heart of fashionable Passy neighbourhood.  See the Eiffel Tower from your bedroom window, walk to it in 15 minutes.  10 minutes subway ride to Champs Elysees and Latin Quarter. Above a typical Parisian square with a great cafe and food markets in the heart of fashionable Passy neighbourhood.  See the Eiffel Tower from your bedroom window, walk to it in 15 minutes.  10 minutes subway ride to Champs Elysees and Latin Quarter; 20 minutes door-to-door to the Louvre. Enjoy the modern facilities of a newly refurbished apartment in the charm of a 19th century house in the prestigious, fashionable and fun Passy neighbourhood of the 16th district of Paris. A double bedroom away from the street with en-suite separate shower and toilet gives our guests  privacy and calm, with plenty of hanging and shelf space for clothes. Guests have full access to the living space of the apartment: a sitting area around the indoor fireplac
24255	Cuisine : Plaques à induction + frigo + petit four/grill. Un peu de vaisselle à disposition, une cafetière, une théière.	Proche de nombreux transports (bus + métro 9) et du Parc des Princes Cuisine aménagée avec frigo. Un dressing est à disposition  2 canapés lit (un 2 places + un 1 place). Idéal pour un couple, étudiant ou quelqu'un de passage pour le travail. Cuisine : Plaques à induction + frigo + petit four/grill. Un peu de vaisselle à disposition, une cafetière, une théière. Nous sommes à votre disposition par téléphone et par mail pour vous aider. La Porte St Cloud c'est le sud du 16e arr de Paris. Il y a énormément de commerces. Plusieurs boulangeries, plusieurs supérettes dont certaines ouvertes très tard. Les bar/brasseries à Porte St Cloud ferment vers 2h du matin. Situation extra pour les transports ! – Quasiment au pied de l'immeuble le bus 72, 22 et PC1 – À 5 min à pied du métro Ligne 9 – À 5 min au rond point (bus (phone number hidden), PC1, N12, N61) – À 10 min à pied en traversant la seine le Tram T3 et le RER C (Garigliano) Très pratique : Exactement en face de la porte d'entrée de l'imm
24256	Au cœur d'une résidence haut de gamme et sécurisée (gardien + concierge), l'appartement est idéalement situé. Agréable à vivre pour sa luminosité et son calme. A 200 mètres de l'Arc de triomphe et des Champs-Élysées, l’environnement tant touristique que culturel est parfait! Equipement: Grand lit de 2mx160cm (convertible) Salle de bain privative dans l'appartement TV satellite, radio, DVD etc. Wifi mis à disposition gratuitement Machine à laver le linge 	27, Rue Auguste Vacquerie - 75116 PARIS    Au cœur d'une résidence haut de gamme et sécurisée (gardien + concierge), l'appartement est idéalement situé. Agréable à vivre pour sa luminosité et son calme. A 200 mètres de l'Arc de triomphe et des Champs-Élysées, l’environnement tant touristique que culturel est parfait! Equipement: Grand lit de 2mx160cm (convertible) Salle de bain privative dans l'appartement TV satellite, radio, DVD etc. Wifi mis à disposition gratuitement Machine à laver le linge Salle de bain privative et dans l'appartement TV satellite Wifi gratuit Machine à laver le linge A votre entière disposition Au cœur d'un quartier résidentiel, vous trouverez le calme et la sécurité Les commerces de bouche sont à portée de main et les lieux touristiques vous entourent.  Métro: Ligne 1 - station Georges V ou Charles De Gaulle Etoile Métro: Ligne 6 - Kleber
24257		Prestigious flat with all what you need to enjoy your time in Paris.  Different
24258	My lovely studio apartment in Paris is available for rent. It is located in a wonderful part of the city 5 minutes walk from the Trocadero where you can see the best view of the Eiffel Tower, 10 minutes walk to the Arc du Triomphe and Champs- Élysées. The apartment is freshly renovated, clean and bright, peaceful and romantic. It is on the 6th floor and accessed by a lift or stairs. I wanted to create a base that's warm and welcome from where to enjoy Paris. I think I succeeded ! Сдаю посуточно и на короткий срок свою любимую квартиру-студию в Париже ( 16 округ)  Один из самых элитных, буржуазных и безопасных районов в Париже! 5-10 минут пешком до Эйфелевой башни, Трокадеро, Триумфальной арки и Елисейских полей!  Квартира находится в шикарном Османовском доме, с парадным входом, консьержем. Квартира после ремонта,новая мебель, оборудованная ванная комната с туалетом, стиральная машина, встроенная кухня с бытовой техникой.Новое постельное белье, полотенца.  -Wi-Fi -TV -Фен -Утюг Ближайш	 My lovely studio 18m2 apartment in Paris is available for rent. It is located in a wonderful part of the city 5 minutes walk from the Trocadero where you can see the best view of the Eiffel Tower, 10 minutes walk to the Arc du Triomphe and Champs- Élysées. My lovely studio apartment in Paris is available for rent. It is located in a wonderful part of the city 5 minutes walk from the Trocadero where you can see the best view of the Eiffel Tower, 10 minutes walk to the Arc du Triomphe and Champs- Élysées. The apartment is freshly renovated, clean and bright, peaceful and romantic. It is on the 6th floor and accessed by a lift or stairs. I wanted to create a base that's warm and welcome from where to enjoy Paris. I think I succeeded ! Сдаю посуточно и на короткий срок свою любимую квартиру-студию в Париже ( 16 округ)  Один из самых элитных, буржуазных и безопасных районов в Париже! 5-10 минут пешком до Эйфелевой башни, Трокадеро, Триумфальной арки и Елисейских полей!  Квартира находится 
24259	Very bright appartment with 2 terrasses (9th floor), located in the southern 16e (residendial area) You can see the Tour Eiffel from one of the 2 terrasses You will enjoy the tranquility of the 16e and the proximity of the Bois de Boulogne (ideal of you want to run or to have a walk with your children)	The apartment is very bright and newly renovated and features modern furnishing, complete with all that you could need. The apartment is also convenient for babies and little childs.  The neighbourhood is mostly residential, it's safe and quiet but w Very bright appartment with 2 terrasses (9th floor), located in the southern 16e (residendial area) You can see the Tour Eiffel from one of the 2 terrasses You will enjoy the tranquility of the 16e and the proximity of the Bois de Boulogne (ideal of you want to run or to have a walk with your children) 1 king size bed for 2 adults (bedroom) 1 convertible bed for 2 adults (living room) 1 bedroom for 2 childs (one baby, one 3y old child) Very easy to access with 2 lines of metro and 2 line of buses
24260	"This classic 1930's Parisian apartment has been redesign in a more actual way : Kitchen has been refurbished and connected to the living space, entrance and coridors reduced to give more ligth and space to live. Part of the former ""salon"" has been turn into a bedroom separate by à curtain behind the door for privacy to get a ""parental suite"" I hope you'll like It ! It scales 110 m2 and is located in the quiet residential area of the ""Village d'(email hidden) walking distance of Roland Garros & the Bois de Boulogne., 3 mn from shopping areas including super market open until 10 pm and subway connecting to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, tourist areas and more... It has one bathroom, 2 toilets and a separate shower lots of windows overlooking on three sides sunny yards with garden so you'll get sun all the day around. Internet TV give you access to foreign channels and free IP telephone to Europe and North America  Quite unique"	"Appartement 110m2 calme 1er étage ensoleillé, 3 expositions sur cours arborée dans immeuble de standing 1930 gardiené. Grand espace à vivre avec cuisine, deux chambres, douche et salle de bain rénovées proche  métro, commerces, bois de Boulogne This classic 1930's Parisian apartment has been redesign in a more actual way : Kitchen has been refurbished and connected to the living space, entrance and coridors reduced to give more ligth and space to live. Part of the former ""salon"" has been turn into a bedroom separate by à curtain behind the door for privacy to get a ""parental suite"" I hope you'll like It ! It scales 110 m2 and is located in the quiet residential area of the ""Village d'(email hidden) walking distance of Roland Garros & the Bois de Boulogne., 3 mn from shopping areas including super market open until 10 pm and subway connecting to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, tourist areas and more... It has one bathroom, 2 toilets and a separate shower lots of windows overlooking on thr"
24261		Come to discover this apartment full of charm situated between the Place de l'Étoile and the Eiffel Tower! You have a privative bedroom and a cosy lounge to rest you after day full of discoveries!
24262	в тихом уютном месте с видом на сад. Доступность транспорта : метро линии 6,9; автобусы, такси.  Доступность транспорта : метро линии 6,9; автобусы, такси. 	Комфортабельная студия 35м² в историческом центре Парижа! Квартира находится на 3 этаже в тихом месте. Расположена в 2-х шагах от Трокадеро  и 10 минутах от Елисейских полей. Рядом булочная, небольшой супермаркет, множество уютных кафе. 
24263	Studette meublée idéale pour un bref passage sur la capitale de Paris. Frigo Micro-ondes Cuisine avec rangements Plaques à induction 2 feux Chauffage Lit 1 place, qui se déplie en éventail pour une 2ème personne Douche WC	Paris 16ème. Studette de 10m² très bien équipée. Cuisine, douche et WC privés. Ce petit appartement est situé au Rez-de-chaussée d'un bel immeuble parisien avec vue sur cour. Immeuble sécurisé : badge, digicode, concierge. Métro 9 : Exelmans Studette meublée idéale pour un bref passage sur la capitale de Paris. Frigo Micro-ondes Cuisine avec rangements Plaques à induction 2 feux Chauffage Lit 1 place, qui se déplie en éventail pour une 2ème personne Douche WC La studette se situe à 5 min à pied du métro 9 Exelmans. Sur le métro 9, à 7 stations de Exelmans vous pourrez rejoindre le Trocadéro et la Tour Eiffel. A 5 min de l'appartement, vous avez la place de la Porte de St Cloud, il y a de nombreux restaurants, des pub, le Stade du parc des princes...
24264	STANDING Paris apartment rental located on the 4th floor of a building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom overlook a charming garden. The windows of the main room open on a terrace, overlooking Assomption Street, which is a quiet street. LAYOUT This 721 sq ft (67m2) Paris apartment has recently been entirely renovated by an architect. It features two rooms : a bedroom and a living room. The entrance hall leads to the main room. This room has a dining corner with a dining table, where four to five people can comfortably sit, a living area with a sofabed for two people (140x200), a coffee table and elegant armchairs. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It features modern equipment and sliding doors will enable you to isolate the kitchen from the main room. From the living-room you can access the marvelous little 75sq ft (7sqm) terrace. A table with two chairs will enable you to fully enjoy this privileged space, surrounded by plants and exquisite jasmine flowers. Pull down 	A beautiful 67sqm apartment to rent in Paris that has recently been renovated by an architect and sleeps four. Situated in Passy it features a 7sqm terrace where you can sit with a book or nice glass of wine at night. STANDING Paris apartment rental located on the 4th floor of a building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom overlook a charming garden. The windows of the main room open on a terrace, overlooking Assomption Street, which is a quiet street. LAYOUT This 721 sq ft (67m2) Paris apartment has recently been entirely renovated by an architect. It features two rooms : a bedroom and a living room. The entrance hall leads to the main room. This room has a dining corner with a dining table, where four to five people can comfortably sit, a living area with a sofabed for two people (140x200), a coffee table and elegant armchairs. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It features modern equipment and sliding doors will enable you to isolate the kitchen from the main room. Fro
24265	quartier calme, résidentiel, facile d'accès. Commerces à proximité, beaucoup de petits restaurants, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble, pizza à emporter au coin de la rue	Minimum stay 3 nights. APARTMENT 2 ROOMS FULLY EQUIPPED 5 minutes from metro Exelmans or Gardon Lagache 5 minutes from tramway Pont Garigliano Velib and Autolib nearby. Wooden floor, washing machine, kitchen, shower, internet included
24266	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Very luminous, the flat is 50m2 and can welcome comfortably 3 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a seperate  kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments,  ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There is one separate room with a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 2nd floor without elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming flat in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower Charming apartment in the heart of Paris  few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Very luminous, the flat is 50m2 and can welcome comfortably 3 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a seperate  kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments,  ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable convertible bed. There is one separate room with a confortable double bed, table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 2nd floor without elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord. Very available you can contact me when you want by phone or mail during
24267	Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Trocadéro (Line 6/9) and Rue de la Pompe (Line 9) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a King size bed and warerobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing table - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Nestled in the most exclusive and prestigious neighbourhood of Paris, this 128m² apartment is located at Trocadero, the 16th arrondissement. An area that boast some of the finest dining restaurants (l’Atelier Etoile de Joel Robouchon), luxury boutiques, brasseries and cafés. Furthermore, several prominent attractions are reachable within minutes: A simple 5 minutes stroll and be greeted by the Eiffel Tower,  15 minutes to the Arc de Triompe -Champs Elysées, and even a 20 minutes metro ride to Ga	Nestled in the most exclusive and pretigious neighbourhood of Paris, this 128m² apartment is located at Trocadero, the 16th arrondissement.  Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: Trocadéro (Line 6/9) and Rue de la Pompe (Line 9) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a King size bed and warerobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing table - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services Nestled in the most exclusive and prestigious neighbourhood of Paris, this 128m² apartment is located at Trocadero, the 16th arrondissement. An area that boast some of the finest dining restaurants (l’Atelier Etoile de Joel Robouchon), luxury boutiques, brasseries and cafés. Furthermore, several prominent attractions are reachable within minutes: A simple 5
24268	This 40 square meters, Apartment, has Balconies , and a partition glazed in its sunny main room's middle which allows the creation of a cozy bedroom. It is located on rue du Colonel Moll in the 17th arrondissement, on the 2 th French floor with elevator, of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This sunny flat, is equipped with : dishwasher, TV, unlimited with high speed internet access with the wifi, decorative fireplace, cable. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils . ***ENTRANCE: The 3 square meters entrance hall leads directly to :living room, bathroom, kitchen. ***MAIN ROOM (LIVING & BED ROOM): The 27 square meters living room has 2 windows facing street and one bedroom with dressing room, separated with a glazed partition . It is equipped with : double sofa bed, queen size bed (1.80m), TV, desk, armchair, built-in wall closet, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. ***KITCHEN: The 6 square meters open kitchen is equipped with : dishwa	Lush with a perfectly Parisian design, located in the heart of Paris, and sooo close to everything: Arc of Triumph, Champs Elysées, Metro - Near to Avenue Montaigne - No far from: Eiffel tower, Louvre Museum, Moulin Rouge. IT's JUST AN AWESOME FLAT!! This 40 square meters, Apartment, has Balconies , and a partition glazed in its sunny main room's middle which allows the creation of a cozy bedroom. It is located on rue du Colonel Moll in the 17th arrondissement, on the 2 th French floor with elevator, of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This sunny flat, is equipped with : dishwasher, TV, unlimited with high speed internet access with the wifi, decorative fireplace, cable. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils . ***ENTRANCE: The 3 square meters entrance hall leads directly to :living room, bathroom, kitchen. ***MAIN ROOM (LIVING & BED ROOM): The 27 square meters living room has 2 windows facing street and one bedroom with dressing room,
24269	"Charming 1-bedroom parisian appartement, renovated in March 2014. Located in the ""chic"" 16th arrondissement of Paris, at walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the wanted Auteuil and Passy areas. It is ideal for a romantic stay in the City of Lights with its trendy deco, its Queen size ""Baldaquin"" bed, its genuine parisian style parquet and its superb bathroom."	"Charming 1 bedroom parisian appartement, renovated in March 2014. Located in the ""chic"" 16th arrondissement of Paris, at walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the classy Auteuil and Passy areas.  Charming 1-bedroom parisian appartement, renovated in March 2014. Located in the ""chic"" 16th arrondissement of Paris, at walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the wanted Auteuil and Passy areas. It is ideal for a romantic stay in the City of Lights with its trendy deco, its Queen size ""Baldaquin"" bed, its genuine parisian style parquet and its superb bathroom. Avenue de Versailles, 10 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. All shops and restaurants, including the very chic Beaugrenelle Mall. The Statue of Liberty will salute you when walking on the ""Ile aux Cygnes"", have the nicest picnic in the Bois de Boulogne and get to the very center of Paris by bike or bus guided by River Seine along. By Train RER C station Président Kennedy or Javel. By Bus Line 72. The living room is equipped wi"
24270		Beau studio 30m2 refait à neuf avec prestations de qualité, un vrai lit en 160 cm, une belle cuisine toute équipée , très clair et calme, draps et linge de toilette fournis. Proche TROCADERO, ETOILE, BOIS DE BOULOGNE, métro,  commerces, restaurants A 10 mn à pied du TROCADERO et de la TOUR EIFFEL, 20 mn à pied de l'ETOILE et de l'ARC DE TRIOMPHE, vous vous trouvez dans un quartier à la fois résidentiel donc calme mais très commerçant et où vous trouverez beaucoup de restaurants et bistrots. Bien desservi par le métro Victor Hugo et Rue de La Pompe, il vous permettra de rejoindre facilement le centre de Paris. Vous pourrez également profiter de la proximité du Bois de Boulogne et de Roland Garros. 5 jours minimum
24271	Easy access to Peripherique , metro and quiet area. Large appartment.	Beautiful appartment typically parisian style, real wood floor, modern kitchen, modern bathroom with shower. Located on main street really quiet,fresh market downstairs on tuesday, thursday and sunday. Metro entrance downstairs. Easy access to Peripherique , metro and quiet area. Large appartment. Alcaline water Vollara :) Wifi LCD with 600 channels Computer free access with 2 big screens it is Up to you we are really friendly but we also can act like ghosts and you will dont noticed us too if necessary , it just depends your mood :) Fresh market, chocolate shops, boulangerie, famous hair cut around, bars , brasserie, restaurant, 2 mn from main highway to reach airports, extremely quiet but libing Orly airport is 30 mn away and I can come to pick you up for only 50 €. CDG airport is only 40 mn away and I can come to pîck you up for 70 €. Train station are only 20 mn away and I can come to pick you up for only 35 €. We will be away from may to July appartment is not occupated.
24272	It is located in the Heart of Paris, has a nice balcony, and elegant. 	Quiet in the heart of Paris between Trocadero,Eiffel and the Arch of Triumph In my loft, you will have a private space with bedroom and bathroom (25m2) in the design and refined decor with a beautiful balcony. - Non-smoking bedroom  - Free Wifi It is located in the Heart of Paris, has a nice balcony, and elegant. Metro lines 2 and 6. Many buses to everywhere in Paris Many shops, theatres, wallking distance to Champs de Elysees, Trocadero, Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe. Very close to Metro lines and buses.
24273		Jolie  chambre dans bel appartement de 105 mètres carres grand salon avec une chambre spacieuse .. Très bien située proche métro Exelmans  15 minutes des champs élysée Metro ligne 9 porte de saint cloud
24274	Nice Appartment with one bedroom and equipped kitchen. Bathroom with Shower Restroom separated Wifi access Digicode Flat-Screen TV Microwave & Classical Oven Dishwasher & Washing Machine Coffee Machine Nespresso 	Ideally situated between the Champs-Elysees Avenue and the Eiffel Tower (6 minutes-walking-distance), this colonial style appartment proposes you attractive services for a pleasant stay. RER A(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK)  - Subway 1-2-6 Nice Appartment with one bedroom and equipped kitchen. Bathroom with Shower Restroom separated Wifi access Digicode Flat-Screen TV Microwave & Classical Oven Dishwasher & Washing Machine Coffee Machine Nespresso My apartment is situated at 6 minutes-walking-distance of the Arc Of Triumph place, Champs Elysées Avenue, Trocadero and Eiffel Tower. Different shops nearby (supermarket, bakery, pharmacy, automatic laundry, shoemaker, locksmith, bar & restaurants)
24275	The use of the appliances you will be explained by the house keeping as well as where are the grocery for food.  In the house you will find a sheet  for some information. Close to the apartment there are two important Metro stations: - in Champs Eliseé  for line n. 1, station George V -and the second at the end of Avenue d'Iena (place d’Iena)  for line 9. In the apartment you can find some plan of Metro. Every Wednesday and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. held an open market at the end of the Avenue d'Iena (in Av President Wilson) with many French specialties, flowers, and more things for gifts.	The apartment, with lift, is located on the 7th floor in a fifties' french building, in one of the twelve rays starting from the triumph arch (etoile with 12 rays) which is avenue d'Iena. The apt is a 5 min walk to George V metro station (line 1, la The use of the appliances you will be explained by the house keeping as well as where are the grocery for food.  In the house you will find a sheet  for some information. Close to the apartment there are two important Metro stations: - in Champs Eliseé  for line n. 1, station George V -and the second at the end of Avenue d'Iena (place d’Iena)  for line 9. In the apartment you can find some plan of Metro. Every Wednesday and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. held an open market at the end of the Avenue d'Iena (in Av President Wilson) with many French specialties, flowers, and more things for gifts. Guests can use all rooms in the house and telephone to call USA and many other countries The house manager can hel you to use everything in the hous
24276	Located in the charming Auteuil Village, you will be seduced by this lovely 42 sqm flat. Nicely furnished and all redone, this flat will give you all the confort you need. Next to nice restaurants and shops, it will take only few minutes to go anywhere in Paris center by tube from line 9 and 10.  Next to Rolland Garros, Le Parc des Princes. You will even be neighbour with our ex President Nicolas Sarkozy who is living nearby !	Located in the charming Auteuil Village, you will be seduced by this lovely 42 sqm flat. Nicely furnished and all redone, this flat will give you all the confort you need. Next to nice restaurants and shops, it will take only few minutes to go anywhere in Paris center by tube from line 9 and 10.  Next to Rolland Garros, Le Parc des Princes. You will even be neighbour with our ex President Nicolas Sarkozy who is living nearby !
24277	There is a comfortable double bed (160x200cm) and possibility to add a child bed. It is located on the ground floor, looking out onto a nice and quiet inner court with green plants. The apartment is non-smoking. 	Our apartment is a fully refurbished, 22m² studio for 2 persons. It is fully equipped, in particular offering Wi-Fi internet, a kitchen with dishwasher, a microwave oven, portable air conditioner, a washing and drying machine, etc. There is a comfortable double bed (160x200cm) and possibility to add a child bed. It is located on the ground floor, looking out onto a nice and quiet inner court with green plants. The apartment is non-smoking. The apartment is located in a splendid and quiet neighbourhood of the 16ème arrondissement, between the Champs-Elysées (a 5 minute stroll) and the Eiffel Tower (at a 15 minute walk), and right next to the Arc de Triomphe (400 meters). The neighbourhood is a very exclusive, residential one, albeit surrounded by plenty of major cultural sites. Its proximity to the Champs-Elysées, with its famous boutiques, makes it a strategic location for any shopping aficionado. For evenings and gourmet lovers, the immediate neighbourhood, together with the surroundi
24278		Je vous propose mon appartement, situé dans le 16e Arrondissement, dans un quartier calme, proche des métros ligne 9 et 10 (200 mètre, Michel-Ange Molitor). Appartement de 30 m² disposant d'une cuisine, d'une salle de douche et d'un salon lumineux. 
24279	"APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement).  It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The building, the area & the apartment are extremely safe/secured. The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is ""Disabled"" friendly & perfect for families with children. It is spacious and well equipped. Its 2 terraces will make you enjoy one of the best dist"	The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement). APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement).  It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The bu
24280	The building: The apartment is located at the 2nd floor of a building built in the 70’s highly secured by a digicode, an entry phone and a concierge.  There is no neighbor at your floor and there are 2 elevators to get to the apartment.  The dwelling: The living room, the kitchen and the bedroom both have large French bay window opening to a small balconies.  The kitchen is separated. It is equipped with, amongst other things, a refrigerator, four vitro ceramic plates, a combo microwave/oven. Bed mattress 160/200 and double-size sofa bed can accommodate up to 4 people. There is also a washing machine and a dish washer. The separate bathroom has a bathtub, a washbasin and a toilette.    The terrasse: The apartment itself has a nice sunny 10 m² square terrace facing North West where you can sit and eat under the sun with an absolute open outlook.	OECD Muette:Cosy Apartment 3people (double-size sofa bed and 1 Double bed) with a big sunny terrasse with a open outlook and large French bay window opening to balconies Charmant 2 pièces  pour 3 personnes avec grandes baies vitrées et large terrasse The building: The apartment is located at the 2nd floor of a building built in the 70’s highly secured by a digicode, an entry phone and a concierge.  There is no neighbor at your floor and there are 2 elevators to get to the apartment.  The dwelling: The living room, the kitchen and the bedroom both have large French bay window opening to a small balconies.  The kitchen is separated. It is equipped with, amongst other things, a refrigerator, four vitro ceramic plates, a combo microwave/oven. Bed mattress 160/200 and double-size sofa bed can accommodate up to 4 people. There is also a washing machine and a dish washer. The separate bathroom has a bathtub, a washbasin and a toilette.    The terrasse: The apartment itself has a nice sunny 10
24281	(English below) Chambre de bonne Paris 16eme, confortable pour passer quelques jours à Paris à deux sur les toits de Paris.  Lit double (120cm), douche et lavabo dans la chambre, toilettes sur le palier à partager avec deux autres chambres.  Pas de cuisine. Bouilloire pour café/thé. Petit réfrigérateur. 7eme étage sans ascenseur. Noter que la chambre est indépendante, elle ne fait pas partie d'un appartement. Propres clés et interphone. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  Private Room/Studio Paris 16eme, comfortable place to spend a few days in Paris over the rooftops of Paris.  Double bed, shower and sink in the room, toilet on the landing to share with two other rooms.  No kitchen. Boiler for tea/coffee. Little fridge. 7th floor without elevator.  Note that the room is completely independent, it's not a part from an apartment.  The room has its own key and intercom. 3 nights minimum.	Chambre de bonne/studette, Paris 16e, métro Passy  Situation idéale pour profiter d'un séjour à Paris, sur les quais de Seine, Proche métro (l6), bus 72.  VUE sur les toits de Paris et la TOUR EIFFEL.  7e étg sans ascenseur (sauf arrivée/départ) (English below) Chambre de bonne Paris 16eme, confortable pour passer quelques jours à Paris à deux sur les toits de Paris.  Lit double (120cm), douche et lavabo dans la chambre, toilettes sur le palier à partager avec deux autres chambres.  Pas de cuisine. Bouilloire pour café/thé. Petit réfrigérateur. 7eme étage sans ascenseur. Noter que la chambre est indépendante, elle ne fait pas partie d'un appartement. Propres clés et interphone. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  Private Room/Studio Paris 16eme, comfortable place to spend a few days in Paris over the rooftops of Paris.  Double bed, shower and sink in the room, toilet on the landing to share with two other rooms.  No kitchen. 
24282	Golden Triangle Paris: Clear design and luxurious studio for 2 people 35m2: Tastefully furnished with high end furniture editor and completely renovated by a decorator, on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a luxury building (former hotel) located in one of the most exclusive and central area of capital. Presence of a guard in the building, secure location. Also the presence of the housekeeper in the building. Close to the main attractions: The contemporary art museums, the Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees, golden triangle ...) Description of the apartment: Entrance with dressing / coat rack. Large living room with sofa comfort (new bed-sheets provided), two storage cabinets, flat-screen TV, a coffee table and a table for 4/5 people and a small kitchen open to the living room (fridge, microwave , hot plate, coffee maker, dishes) Bathroom (bath, basin, towel provided) and toiletries Wi-fi broadband, TV with TNT channels.	Golden Triangle: Clear design and luxurious studio for 2 people 35m2: Tastefully furnished with upscale furniture and completely renovated by a decorator, 5th of a very high standing building Close to Montaigne / Trocadero / Champs-Elysées Golden Triangle Paris: Clear design and luxurious studio for 2 people 35m2: Tastefully furnished with high end furniture editor and completely renovated by a decorator, on the 5th floor (with elevator) of a luxury building (former hotel) located in one of the most exclusive and central area of capital. Presence of a guard in the building, secure location. Also the presence of the housekeeper in the building. Close to the main attractions: The contemporary art museums, the Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees, golden triangle ...) Description of the apartment: Entrance with dressing / coat rack. Large living room with sofa comfort (new bed-sheets provided), two storage cabinets, flat-screen TV, a coffee table and a table for 4/5 pe
24283		In the 16th. Nice flat of 42m2 with sight on la Seine.  near home : There is the Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro, Champs Elysées, bois de Boulogne. This is a very nice well decorated and cozy apartment. It feels good. 
24284	Outstanding two floors apartment of 120 sqm with terraces overlooking the Seine and facing south.  Art déco style. Modern furnitures. 2 bedrooms with terrace (double bed), 2 bathrooms, lounge, dining room. very well equipped kitchen. Comfortable. Wifi. parking. Subway, bus and RER nearby. A 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. Near the rue de Passy (shops, food and shopping) At the bottom of the building, bus 72 takes you into the historic center of Paris along the Seine (Palais de Tokyo, Grand Palais, the Concorde, the Louvre, Orsay, Notre Dame, le Marais).	Outstanding two floors apartment of 120 sqm with terraces overlooking the Seine and facing south.  Art déco style. Modern furnitures. 2 bedrooms with terrace (double bed), 2 bathrooms, lounge, dining room. very well equipped kitchen. Comfortable. Wifi. parking. Subway, bus and RER nearby. A 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. Near the rue de Passy (shops, food and shopping) At the bottom of the building, bus 72 takes you into the historic center of Paris along the Seine (Palais de Tokyo, Grand Palais, the Concorde, the Louvre, Orsay, Notre Dame, le Marais).
24285	Welcoming, enough heating, cleanliness, nice fitting out, quite luminosity, good location, ...	A small apartment in a nice quiet area, 10mn by subway from Paris center. Enjoy cooking or sharing my meals, taking leisurely shower, and having a rest in my terrace. Wifi, TV, and free call worldwide. Pleased to exchange, meet and inform  Welcoming, enough heating, cleanliness, nice fitting out, quite luminosity, good location, ... ...exchange, share, inform, and outing Nice and quiet, proximity trade, transport,  Subway Line 9 (Stop: Marcel Sembat).
24286	Luxurous studio in Paris just near Champs Elysées. Fully equiped, contemporary design, real bathroom with bathtub; 5th floor  (with elevator) with view on the roofs of Paris, ideal for romantic or trip.. or both. Very (website hidden), DVD, WI-FI The double bed can be put to vertical position to save place. Tha other double bed is convertible sofa	Luxurous studio in Paris just near Champs Elysées. Fully equiped, contemporary design, real bathroom with bathtub; 5th floor  (with elevator) with view on the roofs of Paris, ideal for romantic or trip.. or both. Very (website hidden), DVD, WI-FI The double bed can be put to vertical position to save place. Tha other double bed is convertible sofa
24287	De studio is 15m2 groot exclusief mezannine 2 persoons bed. Het is geheel gemeubileerd met TV en eigen badkamer ( met wc en douche) en kitchenette. 	De studio is gelegen in een goede buurt in Parijs op 26, Avenue du Président Wilson, 75116 Paris ( 16de arrondissement. Op de 6de etage met vol zicht op de Eifeltoren en een mooi 180 graden panoramabeeld van Parijs. De studio is 15m2 groot exclusief mezannine 2 persoons bed. Het is geheel gemeubileerd met TV en eigen badkamer ( met wc en douche) en kitchenette. Zeer goede buurt, dichtbij de Eiffeltoren.  16de arrondissement Metro Trocadero en Iena
24288	Our appartment is located in a very quiet neighborhood in Paris. Next to the Bois de Boulogne and famous stadiums like Rolland Garros (tenis court) and the Parc des Princes (residence of the Paris soccer team). Discover the historic area where celibrities chose to live : from Benjamin Franklin and Moliere, to Céline Dion and Carla Bruni today.	Our appartment is located in a very quiet neighborhood in Paris. Next to the Bois de Boulogne and famous stadiums like Rolland Garros (tenis court) and the Parc des Princes (residence of the Paris soccer team). Discover the historic area where celibrities chose to live : from Benjamin Franklin and Moliere, to Céline Dion and Carla Bruni today. Full access to the appartment. I won't be there most of the time but you can call me or write me an email to stay in touch. Feel free to do it, I'm willing to help as much as I can so you can enjoy your stay.  And several of my friends will be around just in case. The neighbourhood is very quiet, really nice with the Haussman-style building.
24289	Une vue dégagée sur le Sud-Ouest de Paris, un grand balcon avec son store, où l'on peut prendre ses repas à deux si le temps le permet.	Une vue dégagée sur le Sud-Ouest de Paris, un grand balcon avec son store, où l'on peut prendre ses repas à deux si le temps le permet. Linge de maison, placard et penderie Une ambiance de village en plein coeur de Paris. L'accès facile aux différents quartiers de Paris, la proximité avec le Trocadero et la Tour Eiffel. Metro ligne 6 (station Passy) et ligne 9 (station Muette). Bus lignes 22, 32 et 72. RER ligne (gare de Boulainvilliers) 
24290	Appartement très clair, composé d'un double living de 28 m2 avec 2 grandes baies vitrées exposée ouest, 1 lit abattant couchage 140 cm, un canapé convertible couchage 140 cm, stores electriques, 1 chambre séparée avec lit 140 cm, une salle de douche, un WC séparé.	2/3 pièces de 66 m2 au 8e étage d'un immeuble récent, balcon de 11 m2 ouest sur jardin. Appartement très clair, double living avec 2 grandes baies vitrées, une chambre séparée avec couchage 140cm. Cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, lave linge MIELE.  Appartement très clair, composé d'un double living de 28 m2 avec 2 grandes baies vitrées exposée ouest, 1 lit abattant couchage 140 cm, un canapé convertible couchage 140 cm, stores electriques, 1 chambre séparée avec lit 140 cm, une salle de douche, un WC séparé. Proche de la ligne n° 9 (30 m), et de la ligne 10, cela permet de rejoindre directement le Trocadéro, les Champs Elysées, le Quartier Latin et Saint Germain  Nombreux commerces à proximité, le Village d'Auteuil à moins de 200 M et le fameux marché les mercredis et samedis pour les meilleurs poissonniers et marchands de légumes. Facilement avec le métro ligne 9 et 10, le bus 62 et bien d'autres moyens (Velib et Autolib au bas de l'immeuble).
24291		The perfect location to visit the heart of Paris, 200m from Trocadero and 15min from Eiffel Tower (1.0km) and 20 minutes (1.7km) from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees .
24292	LOVELY FLAT NEAR TOUR EFFEIL ET CHAMPS ELYSSES 6 MINUTES BY FEET THÉ QUARTER IS THÉ MOST CHIC OF PARIS IT S NEAR CENTER AND ALL MUSÉUM ALL IS NEW IN A RESIDENCE HIGH STATUS .THE DISTRICT IS VERY ANIMATED WITH SHOPS , RESTAURANTS MARKET AND SUPERMARKET .THE FLAT IS IN 6 FLOOR WITH A LOVELY SEE IN THE GARDEEN.MÉTRO IS NEAR AND YOU CAN GO EVERYWHERE All guests must bring their own sheets and towels - this will not be provided. 	LOVELY FLAT NEAR TOUR EFFEIL ET CHAMPS ELYSSES 6 MINUTES BY FEET THÉ QUARTER IS THÉ MOST CHIC OF PARIS IT S NEAR CENTER AND ALL MUSÉUM ALL IS NEW IN A RESIDENCE HIGH STATUS .THE DISTRICT IS VERY ANIMATED WITH SHOPS , RESTAURANTS MARKET AND SUPERMARKET .THE FLAT IS IN 6 FLOOR WITH A LOVELY SEE IN THE GARDEEN.MÉTRO IS NEAR AND YOU CAN GO EVERYWHERE All guests must bring their own sheets and towels - this will not be provided. 
24293		A 5 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel, à 4 arrêts de métro des Champs Elysées.  Très lumineux, propre, une chambre spacieuse est à votre disposition avec une salle de bain commune dans un appartement de 75 m2. Idéal pour un  agréable séjour parisien
24294	This lovely apartment has 90m2 with 3 separate bedrooms each with wardrobes, 1 full bathroom and a separate shower, separate W.C. with washbasin. Located on a 7th floor of a lovely Residential Building with elevator.	This wonderful Apartment is located on a residential area. Very peaceful and quiet, can accommodate 6 guests for 180Euros/ night adding an extra mattress on the single bedroom. This lovely apartment has 90m2 with 3 separate bedrooms each with wardrobes, 1 full bathroom and a separate shower, separate W.C. with washbasin. Located on a 7th floor of a lovely Residential Building with elevator. Guests have full access to entire apartment, WiFi, cable TV, linen and towels. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreem
24295	Unique quiet , renovated and edgy furniture flat of 595 square feet ( 55square meter) located in the center of 16th district 5 minutes from Trocadero. Sunny living room with teraza of 270 square feet ( 25 square meter) south exposition hidden from neighborhood. Room with double bed and balcony view on Tour Eiffel Roomy modern kitchen  Bathrrom including bathtub and wc	Unique quiet , renovated and edgy furniture flat of 595 square feet ( 55square meter) located in the center of 16th district 5 minutes from Trocadero. Sunny living room with teraza of 270 square feet ( 25 square meter) south exposition hidden from ne Unique quiet , renovated and edgy furniture flat of 595 square feet ( 55square meter) located in the center of 16th district 5 minutes from Trocadero. Sunny living room with teraza of 270 square feet ( 25 square meter) south exposition hidden from neighborhood. Room with double bed and balcony view on Tour Eiffel Roomy modern kitchen  Bathrrom including bathtub and wc Metro and RER located 5 minutes walking Passy L6/ La Muette L9 I will be your personal host , welcoming you and would be glad to advise you the best tips during your french trip Subway and buses easy access
24296	Nice typical parisian studio (22 square meters) in a very elegant building. It is a small studio but very convenient to visit Paris. The building is from a classic Parisian architecture(Haussman), and it is very quiet. It has everything you need to spend a few days, it is fully equipped like a little home.	"A nice and cosy typical Parisian apartment situated in a convenient area of Paris - 5mn walk to the Eiffel Tower Nice typical parisian studio (22 square meters) in a very elegant building. It is a small studio but very convenient to visit Paris. The building is from a classic Parisian architecture(Haussman), and it is very quiet. It has everything you need to spend a few days, it is fully equipped like a little home. From Trocadero station, look for avenue du president wilson street ( 1mn walk from the station, exit avenue kleber or avenue du president wilson) Find number 40, it is a big classical building with a big black door. There is a golden plaque ""Dr Sauvagnat"" on the left side of the door.  Be careful because there is another number 40 in the street, but it is from a different avenue. Look for the building with a golden plaque, you can't miss it! When you are in front of the door, there is a digitcode: 09A48 Push the door when it is unlocked, and enter the hall. Go to the first"
24297	Bright apartment with white flooring, newly refurbished . Two bedrooms, living and dining rooms.    Pleasant dining in the winter garden, with direct access to the patio , surrounded by trees and seasonable flowers . Fully equipped kitchen open onto the garden . Separate sitting room , comfortable sofa ( sofa bed 130cm ) and armchairs for the entire family . The master bedroom has a double bed 1.80 m , closet, giant flat screen tv, cable and Wifi. This bedroom has direct access to the garden. bedroom 2 has a 1.40 m bed with desk and bookcase in white wood , with a good variety of books to enjoy fine arts in Paris, Elegant bathrooms, windows and jaccuzi bath type . WC .  Washer / dryer / iron / and all the necessary accessories that make for a comfortable and pleasant stay .	Apartment 80 m2, Parisian style, very bright, renovated with private garden and fountain. Fitted kitchen with dining conservatory overlooking the garden. Two bedrooms and independent living. Bathroom: balneo/WC  Bright apartment with white flooring, newly refurbished . Two bedrooms, living and dining rooms.    Pleasant dining in the winter garden, with direct access to the patio , surrounded by trees and seasonable flowers . Fully equipped kitchen open onto the garden . Separate sitting room , comfortable sofa ( sofa bed 130cm ) and armchairs for the entire family . The master bedroom has a double bed 1.80 m , closet, giant flat screen tv, cable and Wifi. This bedroom has direct access to the garden. bedroom 2 has a 1.40 m bed with desk and bookcase in white wood , with a good variety of books to enjoy fine arts in Paris, Elegant bathrooms, windows and jaccuzi bath type . WC .  Washer / dryer / iron / and all the necessary accessories that make for a comfortable and pleasant stay . The
24298	Récemment rénové. Salon , salle à manger, galerie d'entrée, bureau et salle de TV, 2 chambres, 3 salles de bains. Cuisine avec machine à expresso professionnelle et réfrigérateur Américain.	Idéalement situé entre le Trocadéro et le bois de Boulogne, cet appartement de 185 m2 se trouve dans un très bel immeuble Haussmanien à proximité des commerces et du métro. Grand confort, très belle décoration classique et contemporaine Récemment rénové. Salon , salle à manger, galerie d'entrée, bureau et salle de TV, 2 chambres, 3 salles de bains. Cuisine avec machine à expresso professionnelle et réfrigérateur Américain.
24299	Paris, 16th district, by Bois de Boulogne / Trocadero Eiffel tower I'm renting my very cosy living room  in my great apartment, with:  - a sofa - a big table for dinner or work - One bed for 2 people  -  One fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro oven, food processor, a lot of kitchen utensil etc - One big bathroom with  a bath.  - One entrance for your shoes and coat with a big dressing  It is in a lovely area that is located in the safest location of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Ranelagh. It is fully equipped. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple  The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Ranelagh, La muette, Passy, Boulainvilliers) and bus stops.  	Great and spacious apartment (60m2) with one big living room  located in the very chic 16th district.  Paris, 16th district, by Bois de Boulogne / Trocadero Eiffel tower I'm renting my very cosy living room  in my great apartment, with:  - a sofa - a big table for dinner or work - One bed for 2 people  -  One fully equipped kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro oven, food processor, a lot of kitchen utensil etc - One big bathroom with  a bath.  - One entrance for your shoes and coat with a big dressing  It is in a lovely area that is located in the safest location of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of Ranelagh. It is fully equipped. Ideal to visit the city and perfect for a couple  The apartment is very close to many subway stations (Ranelagh, La muette, Passy, Boulainvilliers) and bus stops.  I'm living in the flat and I will be your best host! I will give you some special advices to spend great time in Paris and ,of course, explain what you need to know. The n
