16200		PARIS 6 ème - Proche du jardin du luxembourg. Beau quartier - Appartement très charmant et lumineux. Peut loger deux personnes et est très bien situé géographiquement. Cet appartement offre tout le confort possible. Beau balcon. Très agréable
16201	Par son Emplacement	Studio de 27 m2( salle de bain indépendante et cuisine américaine donnant sur la pièce principale, 1er étage sans ascenseur) situé au cœur de saint-germain des près  Idéal pour 2 personnes Tout équipé  Rempli de charme Par son Emplacement Au plus beau quartier de Paris ainsi qu'aux rues les plus animées et aux monuments historiques A l'arrivé ainsi qu'au depart Ambiance Métro ligne 4
16202	Unlike most apartments offered for rental in Paris this one is  intended for our own use, and hence is full of personal touches, for which no expense has been spared. Original paintings, engravings, Venetian mirrors, antiques, period furniture, hand-woven rugs, silk cushions, top quality beds and mattresses, visible roof beams, wooden floors, etc, all in an ambience of understated elegance and refinement, to fit the location and the surroundings.   Light and sunny, with three large windows facing south east, offering a wide view over the splendid, very large, 17th Century courtyard below which is protected by law and classified as being of  artistic and architectural interest. Absolute quiet. Situated in the 4th (top) floor, it is reached by an elevator up to the floor below, and then by a flight of red carpeted stairs. Spot on in the center of Paris, with almost every cultural and social attraction within walking distance.  	Architect designed apartment in very grand building, at the heart of Saint Germain, opposite the Louvre, facing the Seine, in the most central, exclusive and elegant area of Paris. Furnished with antiques and all mod cons.  Unlike most apartments offered for rental in Paris this one is  intended for our own use, and hence is full of personal touches, for which no expense has been spared. Original paintings, engravings, Venetian mirrors, antiques, period furniture, hand-woven rugs, silk cushions, top quality beds and mattresses, visible roof beams, wooden floors, etc, all in an ambience of understated elegance and refinement, to fit the location and the surroundings.   Light and sunny, with three large windows facing south east, offering a wide view over the splendid, very large, 17th Century courtyard below which is protected by law and classified as being of  artistic and architectural interest. Absolute quiet. Situated in the 4th (top) floor, it is reached by an elevator up to the fl
16203	HELLO : ) I rent you my beautiful apartment completely renovated in the HEART OF PARIS IN SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. IN THE APARTMENT  : - A double bed  - A kitchen full equipped - A bathromm OUTSIDE : The Most Glamourous Location of Paris with everything in walking distance. Check my photos everything is at a walking distance :p SEE YOU SOON Max : )	HELLO : ) I rent you my beautiful apartment completely renovated in the HEART OF PARIS IN SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. IN THE APARTMENT  : - A double bed  - A kitchen full equipped - A bathromm OUTSIDE : The Most Glamourous Location of Paris with everything in walking distance. Check my photos everything is at a walking distance :p SEE YOU SOON Max : ) IMPORTANT NOTE : I LL ASK YOU 40e IN CASH FOR THE CLEANING FEE AT THE CHECK IN , THANK YOU : )
16204	This unique 100 m2 apartment in an old mansion renovated by an architect will seduce you with its layout and decor.  View over the roofs of Paris... You will arrive in an open space, well thought by the architect. There is a living room, with a beautiful small vintage leather sofa, where you can listen music from the hifi system ; and a dining room with a big oval marble real Knoll table. You can have diner there for 6, or even 8.  On your right, a beautiful and very well designed open kitchen. You will find there everything (kitchenware, dishes, nice glasses..) you need to cook a real diner or just a snack: Nespresso coffee machine, microwave, kettle, oven, fridge and freezer, dishwasher, washing and tumble dryer machine.. In the second living room we call the tv room, you will watch Tv, a dvd, play with the Playstation, or just relax and read a book.. There is also a desk for the ones who need to work. You will have perfect privacy, as each room is at one end of the apartment and has	Live in the best location in Paris, St germain des prés, without the noise! Beautifully decorated and cosy place in an old Hotel Particulier. At your feet, you have restaurants, shopping, cafés, Odéon subway, Luxembourg Parc, theatres, cinemas...    This unique 100 m2 apartment in an old mansion renovated by an architect will seduce you with its layout and decor.  View over the roofs of Paris... You will arrive in an open space, well thought by the architect. There is a living room, with a beautiful small vintage leather sofa, where you can listen music from the hifi system ; and a dining room with a big oval marble real Knoll table. You can have diner there for 6, or even 8.  On your right, a beautiful and very well designed open kitchen. You will find there everything (kitchenware, dishes, nice glasses..) you need to cook a real diner or just a snack: Nespresso coffee machine, microwave, kettle, oven, fridge and freezer, dishwasher, washing and tumble dryer machine.. In the second li
16205	You are looking for a sweet place, where you will experience Paris as you never did it before. Down the flat you are in Rue de Bucci what else to say! The apartment is very practical, cozy. Most amenities including wi-fi Internet connexion. All furnished, sheets, towels are supplied.   there is a  washer in the house.  The latin quarter is all yours.. while the flat is extremely quiet and bright. There is a wonderful view from the apartment. You have a grocery shop 1 min from the flat and lots of attractions in the area  The Luxembourg parc, shopping, art galleries, cinemas, Louvre  ... Les meilleures crepes se trouvent dans la rue!  De nombreux restaurants délicieux sont à proximité. Des chaines de télévisions diversifiées sont à votre disposition. Metro: Odéon (line 10 and 4)              Saint-Michel              RER B and C             BUS Excellent séjour !!!  	You are looking for a sweet place, where you will experience Paris as you never did it before. Down the flat you are in Rue de Bucci what else to say! The apartment is very practical, cozy. Most amenities including wi-fi Internet connexion. All furnished, sheets, towels are supplied.   there is a  washer in the house.  The latin quarter is all yours.. while the flat is extremely quiet and bright. There is a wonderful view from the apartment. You have a grocery shop 1 min from the flat and lots of attractions in the area  The Luxembourg parc, shopping, art galleries, cinemas, Louvre  ... Les meilleures crepes se trouvent dans la rue!  De nombreux restaurants délicieux sont à proximité. Des chaines de télévisions diversifiées sont à votre disposition. Metro: Odéon (line 10 and 4)              Saint-Michel              RER B and C             BUS Excellent séjour !!!  
16206		Au premier étage d'un immeuble XVIIIe, appartement douillet, lumineux et confortable en plein coeur de la rive gauche. Cuisine équipée, douche, WC et chambre très calme. Le Luxembourg, tout proche fait entendre ses oiseaux.
16207		Enjoys an exceptional location on Rue de Seine one block away from the river . The flat features central AC. 500 square feet of space, one bedroom, and a convertible sofa. Fully restored and decorated, bathed in light with double paned windows.
16208	The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure.  Tastefully decorated, this apartment has a lot of paintings and art pieces fitting in well with the Parisian style of the building.  The entrance overlooks a fully equipped kitchen with modern and user-friendly household appliances. In a well thought-out decor, modern and sober, in tones of beige, cream and chocolate, you’ll discover the main room and its comfy sofa bed. This room is a harmonious mix between a typical Parisian room and a modern living space with furniture such as the Starck chairs and art pieces.  With a decoration matching with the rest of the apartment, the bathroom has a bathtub, much appreciated after a long day walking in the city.   You’ll access the bedroom from the living room as well as from the bathroom. It looks onto a sm	Beautiful Parisian apartment in the heart of the historical district of St-Germain des Prés, a stone's throw from the Seine's banks, that can accommodate up to 4 people. The following hotel-standard services are included over the course of your stay: household linen, towels and bed sheets, welcome basket with an assortment of coffees and teas, cosmetic products, weekly cleaning and full clean on departure.  Tastefully decorated, this apartment has a lot of paintings and art pieces fitting in well with the Parisian style of the building.  The entrance overlooks a fully equipped kitchen with modern and user-friendly household appliances. In a well thought-out decor, modern and sober, in tones of beige, cream and chocolate, you’ll discover the main room and its comfy sofa bed. This room is a harmonious mix between a typical Parisian room and a modern living space with furniture such as the Starck chairs and art pieces.  With a decoration matching with the rest of the apartment, the bathro
16209	Standing This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D'Artagnans' bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment is locate on the 2nd floor without lift. It is quiet, luminous, the windows overlook the courtyard. Layout This 40sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in june 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep two guests. The entrance hall is open on the main room. It has been organized in several areas, separated by a natural wall divider made of wooden beams. On one side, the living-room features a comfortable couch, a coffee table and an armchair. A beautiful wooden desk and its chair will be per	Fantastic 40sqm 1-bedroom apartment for a couple in the 6th district, few steps away from Le Bon Marché. Entirely renovated in 2013, carefully decorated with much taste, beautifully mixing vintage style, art deco and contemporary pieces. We love it ! Standing This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D'Artagnans' bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment is locate on the 2nd floor without lift. It is quiet, luminous, the windows overlook the courtyard. Layout This 40sqm apartment has been entirely renovated in june 2013. It has a separate bedroom and can sleep two guests. The entrance hall is open on th
16210	Lovely studio apartment in the heart of Paris, ideally located in the very lively Odéon / Saint-Germain-des-Près area. 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame and the Louvre. 5 minutes walk from the Jardin du Luxembourg. Amazing view over the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. The studio is newly renovated and comes fully-furnished : couch, bed, kitchen with all amenities (micro-wave, sink, cooking plaques), TV, Hifi Channel, 3 Locks on the door. 6th Floor, no elevator, top view on the Tour Eiffel, the Panthéon, the Montparnasse Tower and the Saint Sulpice Church.  The most lively neighborhood in Paris!	Lovely studio apartment in the heart of Paris, ideally located in the very lively Odéon / Saint-Germain-des-Près area. 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame and the Louvre. 5 minutes walk from the Jardin du Luxembourg. Amazing view over the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. The studio is newly renovated and comes fully-furnished : couch, bed, kitchen with all amenities (micro-wave, sink, cooking plaques), TV, Hifi Channel, 3 Locks on the door. 6th Floor, no elevator, top view on the Tour Eiffel, the Panthéon, the Montparnasse Tower and the Saint Sulpice Church.  The most lively neighborhood in Paris! Metro: Odéon, Lines 4 or 10 Bus: (phone number hidden)
16211	.	Sleeps 8, Paris most desirable location, 1300 Sqft, minutes walk to Notre Dame, Le Louvre, subway and taxi station. .
16212	"The Colombier features a living/dining area, a kitchenette, a bedroom with a Queen-size bed, a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 30 m2  6th floor (with an elevator)  Minimum Stay : 2 nights  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access Digital Television"	"Situates on the 6th floor of a nice Haussmann building, between Saint-Germain des prés and Sèvres-Babylone, at the Carrefour de la Croix Rouge, between Saint-Sulpice and the rue du Bac, a few steps away from Le Bon Marché and Gare Montparnasse... The Colombier features a living/dining area, a kitchenette, a bedroom with a Queen-size bed, a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 30 m2  6th floor (with an elevator)  Minimum Stay : 2 nights  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access Digital Television Situates on the 6th floor of a nice Haussmann building, between Saint-Germain des prés and Sèvres-Babylone, at the Carrefour de la Croix Rouge, between Saint-Sulpice and the rue du Bac, a f"
16213	Cet appartement donnant sur cour vous assurera un week-end romantique au coeur de Paris, où vous pourrez facilement vous rendre à pieds dans les lieux mythiques ou encore festifs de la capitale.	A la station Odéon, à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg, de Notre Dame, de Saint-Germain des Prés, ce 2 pièces sous les toits d'un immeuble du XVIIème siècle vous surprendra par sa configuration sans pareil, au calme donnant sur la cour pavée. Cet appartement donnant sur cour vous assurera un week-end romantique au coeur de Paris, où vous pourrez facilement vous rendre à pieds dans les lieux mythiques ou encore festifs de la capitale. L'ensemble du logement. Je loue mon appartement au mois d'août, ainsi que pendant les week-ends (nuits du vendredi au samedi) du reste de l'année. Odéon, Saint-Germain des Prés, Saint-Michel... The place to be ;) Au pied du métro Odéon: lignes 4 & 10, ainsi que de nombreux bus desservant tout Paris. Je ne saurai que trop conseiller la marche à pieds: Jardin du Luxembourg au bout de ma rue, Notre Dame à 10 minutes, Saint-Michel à 5 minutes, Châtelet à 15 minutes...  Sinon plusieurs bornes de vélos Vélib sont situées en bas de l'appartement ;)
16214	This apartment is located Rue du Dragon in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  It is on the 6th floor of a building that has been completely renovated.  Completely renovated in 2013, this apartment has been tastefully decorated by a professional decorator. Fully equipped(dishwasher, washing machine, internet WIFI, TV, linens, ...) It is composedof a first partwith kitchen (hob, oven,fridge, dishwasher,...)and sitting area withtable.A room with adouble bed 160,TV.Bathroomwith toilet, showerand washing machine. Neighborhood Located in the heart of St Saint Germain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain closely, you'll be 5 minutes walk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10 minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay. Saint Germain des Prés is one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shops as well as art galleries. The apartmentis close tomanytransport. Many tradersare close tothe apartment:Bakery, Butchery	This apartment is located Rue du Dragon in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  It is on the 6th floor of a building that has been completely renovated.  Completely renovated in 2013, this apartment has been tastefully decorated by a professional decorator. Fully equipped(dishwasher, washing machine, internet WIFI, TV, linens, ...) It is composedof a first partwith kitchen (hob, oven,fridge, dishwasher,...)and sitting area withtable.A room with adouble bed 160,TV.Bathroomwith toilet, showerand washing machine. Neighborhood Located in the heart of St Saint Germain des Prés. Near the National Assembly,the street of Sevres and Saint Germain closely, you'll be 5 minutes walk from the Bon Marché department store ancestor and 10 minutes from the Invalides and the Musée d'Orsay. Saint Germain des Prés is one of the trendiest districtsin Paris known for its fashionable shops as well as art galleries. The apartmentis close tomanytransport. Many tradersare close tothe apartment:Bakery, Butchery
16215	This charming studio apartment is perfectly located next to the Mabillon Metro stop, in the Saint Germain des Prés area, 6th arrondissement. Situated close to the famous Place Saint Sulpice and Place Saint Germain des Prés and its lively area, it is on the 4th floor of a lovely building dating from 1800 with an elevator. It is perfect for 2 guests, at a prime location. This studio apartment of about 22 square meters (about 237 sq feet) features a charming main room with a double bed (140x190 centimeters), a small dining table for two, a dressing, and a luminous window. The living area is separated from the kitchen by white wooden beams, and a selection of books. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, electric stove, microwave, coffee maker, washer, and dishwasher. The bathroom includes a sink, shower, and toilet. The apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. Situated on Rue Mabillon, is the perfect location to visit Paris as you have the Mabillon metro stop a few steps away	Charming studio apartment located in Saint Germain Des Prés at Mabillon, in the 6th arrondissement. 4th floor with an elevator. Recently renovated with a lovely decoration, wooden beams, and great view. Perfect location!  This charming studio apartment is perfectly located next to the Mabillon Metro stop, in the Saint Germain des Prés area, 6th arrondissement. Situated close to the famous Place Saint Sulpice and Place Saint Germain des Prés and its lively area, it is on the 4th floor of a lovely building dating from 1800 with an elevator. It is perfect for 2 guests, at a prime location. This studio apartment of about 22 square meters (about 237 sq feet) features a charming main room with a double bed (140x190 centimeters), a small dining table for two, a dressing, and a luminous window. The living area is separated from the kitchen by white wooden beams, and a selection of books. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, electric stove, microwave, coffee maker, washer, and dishwashe
16216	SUMMARY --- Centrally located in the most sought-after neighbourhood of Paris, at walking distance of some of its greatest attractions and easily connected to any part of the capital, this state-of-the-art suite is a haven of tranquillity in the incredibly vibrant Saint-Germain des Prés area (6e arrondissement). Take three steps out and find yourself in Le Bon Marché, the most luxurious department store in Paris, or in La Grande Epicerie, representing the very pinnacle of Parisian top-notch grocery and gourmet food. The neighbouring street Rue du Cherche-Midi is well known for its abundance in stores and services of all kinds and its deliciously authentic food shops, while the apartment itself is a harmonious combination of cosy and elegant, private and open, stylish and practical. Premium amenities put the finishing touches on this tastefully furnished property to make it the dream apartment for your stay in Paris. This apartment is the ideal place to stay when exploring the wonders o	Brand new apartment unanimously loved by Airbnb guests with exceptional location (2 blocks from the Bon Marché) and top amenities.       SUMMARY --- Centrally located in the most sought-after neighbourhood of Paris, at walking distance of some of its greatest attractions and easily connected to any part of the capital, this state-of-the-art suite is a haven of tranquillity in the incredibly vibrant Saint-Germain des Prés area (6e arrondissement). Take three steps out and find yourself in Le Bon Marché, the most luxurious department store in Paris, or in La Grande Epicerie, representing the very pinnacle of Parisian top-notch grocery and gourmet food. The neighbouring street Rue du Cherche-Midi is well known for its abundance in stores and services of all kinds and its deliciously authentic food shops, while the apartment itself is a harmonious combination of cosy and elegant, private and open, stylish and practical. Premium amenities put the finishing touches on this tastefully furnish
16217	En plein cœur du célèbre quartier latin de Paris	Beau deux pièces au cœur de saint germain des près.  Il se compose d'un double séjour donnant sur cour, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine et d'une salle d'eau.  Un emplacement calme et idéal en plein cœur de Paris. En plein cœur du célèbre quartier latin de Paris Transports, monuments de Paris, shopping, commerces de proximité, restaurants, bars Non La vivacité Métro, bus, RER
16218	CASA CHRISTINE is a charming apartment in a quiet and exclusive street in Saint-Germain-Des-Pres, a short walk to La Cité with the Cathedrale Notre Dame.  On the 2nd floor of a quiet building equipped with a small elevator, this apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a quaint living room with a sofa bed, and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.  The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a family of average size. Very well equipped, comfortable and cozy with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI. It also has a fully equipped kitchen with all the necessary amenities for preparing meals.  Very easy to get to metro stations Saint-Germain-Des-Pres and Saint-Michel.	CASA CHRISTINE is a charming apartment in a quiet and exclusive street in Saint-Germain-Des-Pres, a short walk to La Cité with the Cathedrale Notre Dame. Very easy to get to metro stations Saint-Germain-Des-Pres and Saint-Michel. CASA CHRISTINE is a charming apartment in a quiet and exclusive street in Saint-Germain-Des-Pres, a short walk to La Cité with the Cathedrale Notre Dame.  On the 2nd floor of a quiet building equipped with a small elevator, this apartment has one bedroom with a double bed, a quaint living room with a sofa bed, and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.  The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a family of average size. Very well equipped, comfortable and cozy with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI. It also has a fully equipped kitchen with all the necessary amenities for preparing meals.  Very easy to get to metro stations Saint-Germain-Des-Pres and Saint-Michel. Saint-Germain-Des-Pres is an upscale neighbor
16219	Appartement 17m² . Rez-de-Chaussé. 2 fenêtres sur la rue calme. Salle de bain cage de douche, WC traditionnel privé. Kitchenette, 2 plaques chauffantes électriques. réfrigérateur,  Congélateur, micro-onde, aspirateur. Bureau fixé au mur. Wi-fi privé.	Appartement 17m² . Rez-de-Chaussé. 2 fenêtres sur la rue calme. Salle de bain cage de douche, WC traditionnel privé. Kitchenette, 2 plaques chauffantes électriques. réfrigérateur,  Congélateur, micro-onde, aspirateur. Bureau fixé au mur. Wi-fi privé. Appartement 17m² . Rez-de-Chaussé. 2 fenêtres sur la rue calme. Salle de bain cage de douche, WC traditionnel privé. Kitchenette, 2 plaques chauffantes électriques. réfrigérateur,  Congélateur, micro-onde, aspirateur. Bureau fixé au mur. Wi-fi privé. Accès au Bâtiment A et à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Une personne habitant sur Paris sera joignable à tout moment. Situé dans le quartier latin. Proximité avec le Pont-Neuf, St-Germain, Saint-Michel, Noter-Dame de Paris, l'Hôtel de Ville La Sorbonne et les Jardins du Luxembourg. A 1 minute à pied du métro Odéon Ligne 4.
16220	Nice and elegant studio, tastefully furnished, fully new equipped.  Quiet, very bright, wonderfull view of the Odeon theater and parisian roofs.  Located on the 6th floor of a stone building (elevator to the 5th floor, then few steps), with digicode and intercom.  Entering you will find a large living room with sitting area, desk, TV and WIFI. Then an alcove with a double bed and cupboards, dressing. A fully new equipped kitchen (dishwasher, combination microwave oven, coffee maker, toaster, dishes ... ) with dining area. A separate shower room with toilet, washer dryer, storage, iron and ironing board, hairdryer ...	Nice studio of 40m2, renovated in 2014, ideally located in front of the Senat, the Odeon Theatre and Luxembourg gardens, in the beautiful 6th district of Paris, near St Germain des Pres. Nice and elegant studio, tastefully furnished, fully new equipped.  Quiet, very bright, wonderfull view of the Odeon theater and parisian roofs.  Located on the 6th floor of a stone building (elevator to the 5th floor, then few steps), with digicode and intercom.  Entering you will find a large living room with sitting area, desk, TV and WIFI. Then an alcove with a double bed and cupboards, dressing. A fully new equipped kitchen (dishwasher, combination microwave oven, coffee maker, toaster, dishes ... ) with dining area. A separate shower room with toilet, washer dryer, storage, iron and ironing board, hairdryer ... Linen provided (bed linen / towels ...).  Basic food and hygiene on site. Check in on site: the person in charge of the apartment will contact you to arrange an appointment depending on yo
16221	Cuisine: Tout de marbre vêtu, elle est ouverte sur le salon avec un coin bar et entièrement équipée de : 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, hotte, réfrigérateur, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Moderne et raffiné, le coin salon vous garantira une pleine détente dans son magnifique canapé rouge convertible (double couchage 140x200cm) tout en profitant de l’installation stéréo. Un coin salle à manger avec une belle table ronde en marbre et ses 4 chaises design vous permettra de savourer vos repas entre amis. Chambre: Spacieuse et lumineuse, la chambre rendra vos nuits douces grâce à son lit king size (160x200cm). Equipée d’un écran plat et d’un coin bureau, vos soirées films seront romantiques. Un grand dressing vous offrira la possibilité de vous sentir pleinement chez vous ! Salle de bain: Accessible de la chambre, elle est dotée d’une grande douche, d’un bidet, d’une vasque avec miroir, d’un sèche serviette et de nombreux ra	Et si votre séjour parisien était chic et historique ? Imaginez séjourner dans un hôtel particulier, dans l’une des plus prestigieuses rues commerçantes du quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Près, la rue Bonaparte ! Cuisine: Tout de marbre vêtu, elle est ouverte sur le salon avec un coin bar et entièrement équipée de : 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, hotte, réfrigérateur, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Moderne et raffiné, le coin salon vous garantira une pleine détente dans son magnifique canapé rouge convertible (double couchage 140x200cm) tout en profitant de l’installation stéréo. Un coin salle à manger avec une belle table ronde en marbre et ses 4 chaises design vous permettra de savourer vos repas entre amis. Chambre: Spacieuse et lumineuse, la chambre rendra vos nuits douces grâce à son lit king size (160x200cm). Equipée d’un écran plat et d’un coin bureau, vos soirées films seront romantiques. Un grand dressing vous off
16222	Luxury flat situated in the heart of the 6th arrondissement (urban district) of Paris in the famous Saint Germain-des-Prés neighborhood. The handsome building in cut stone is of the 18th century and registered as an historic monument.The only flat on the 2nd floor of a building that has no lift, this suite offers an exceptional view over the magnificent and exclusive Carrefour de l’Odéon. The internal décor recalls the period of the opera La Bohème . It’s very select furniture is both modern and historic, corresponding to the free spirit of that part of the 19th century.	Luxury flat situated in the heart of the 6th arrondissement (urban district) of Paris in the famous Saint Germain-des-Prés neighborhood. The handsome building in cut stone is of the 18th century and registered as an historic monument.The only flat on the 2nd floor of a building that has no lift, this suite offers an exceptional view over the magnificent and exclusive Carrefour de l’Odéon. The internal décor recalls the period of the opera La Bohème . It’s very select furniture is both modern and historic, corresponding to the free spirit of that part of the 19th century. Underground: Metro Odéon - line 4 ( one minute ) Bus : (phone number hidden) RER high speed underground: Saint-Michel-lines B and C (Direct to airports). Car Parks: Parking Saint Germain-des-Prés and Parking Ecole de Médecine. Taxi: 107 Boulevard Saint-Germain 75006 Paris Home and personal advice on the area upon arrival! In the heart of the Paris scene, this luxury flat is situated right in the Latin Quarter. Th
16223	"Exactly in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, 1 minute away from the Café de Flore and the café ""Les deux Magots"", surrounded by ""so French"" multiple fashion boutiques and bookstores, this fully renovated apartment is on the 4th floor of a remarkable 17th century Parisian building equipped with the latest 21th century modern technology (high speed wireless internet, cable TV, iPod base, magnificent Yamaha piano with silent function, dishwasher, LG washing machine). Within this spacious 60 m2, 646 sq ft, very bright and sunny apartment, you will enjoy a large living room and an adjacent dining room with 3 windows oriented West, an American kitchen with open bar, a bathroom and separate private WC, a quiet bed room with a large window, oriented East, facing a private court yard.  Subway: 1 minute from Saint Germain des Prés subway,  3 minutes from Saint Sulpice subway and 5 minutes from Sèvres-Babylone subway.  Within 10 minutes walking distance, you embrace: the Louvre, the Orsay muse"	"Exactly in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, 1 minute away from the Café de Flore and the café ""Les deux Magots"", surrounded by ""so French"" multiple fashion boutiques and bookstores, this fully renovated apartment is on the 4th floor of a remarkable 17th century Parisian building equipped with the latest 21th century modern technology (high speed wireless internet, cable TV, iPod base, magnificent Yamaha piano with silent function, dishwasher, LG washing machine). Within this spacious 60 m2, 646 sq ft, very bright and sunny apartment, you will enjoy a large living room and an adjacent dining room with 3 windows oriented West, an American kitchen with open bar, a bathroom and separate private WC, a quiet bed room with a large window, oriented East, facing a private court yard.  Subway: 1 minute from Saint Germain des Prés subway,  3 minutes from Saint Sulpice subway and 5 minutes from Sèvres-Babylone subway.  Within 10 minutes walking distance, you embrace: the Louvre, the Orsay muse"
16224	The apartment is rented in its entirety.     The kitchen has a refrigerator, electric stove, café-machine,  microwave and all necessary utensils .     Linens and towels are provided depending on the number of people.     Wi-Fi is available . 	The apartment is in an ideal location, in the famous  quarter of Saint Germain- des- Près. The 6th arrondissement is the most historical and romantic district of Paris. The apartment is rented in its entirety.     The kitchen has a refrigerator, electric stove, café-machine,  microwave and all necessary utensils .     Linens and towels are provided depending on the number of people.     Wi-Fi is available . We can be easily reached , because we live in a 2 min. The apartment is located near the Saint Sulpice Place in the heart of Paris and in the Saint Germain des Prés neighborhood.    From this ideal location, many of the famous sights of Paris plus picturesque areas  are  only short walks away : no need to take the  métro or any other transportation.   Within 5 minutes, you can walk to Saint Germain Boulevard with all of its shops, cafés and beautiful church, Saint Sulpice Place, the Seine River and the Luxembourg  Gardens  (good for children and for jogging).  Also close-by (15 to 2
16225	Hello everyone, Want to experience Paris like a local? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter, atypical pubs, small fancy lunches facing the Seine as in postcards You just around the corner. I offer a very large 80m square apartment, 1st floor with elevator, Good for six. It has a large about 30m square room with a king bed and a view and access to a private garden. In the living room a bed 160x200 cm. and a sofa bed. It is possible on request to add a baby bed. The apartment has a bathroom. It very well located in the city center, Place Saint-André-des-Arts, near the Fontaine Saint-Michel along the Seine, 2 minutes from Notre Dame and 15 minutes from the Louvre and Orsay Museum and other (see map) Near the metro station Saint Michel: -RER B (which will take you to Charles de Gaulle airport) -lignes 4 and 10 subway (they serve all Paris) -And The night, you can use the Noctanbus depositing you all over Paris. The area is very safe. There are many bars, cafes, restaurant	This cozy 3 rooms will be your perfect haven of peace to begin to visit Paris from its center. Located rue Saint André des Arts, silent forested and charming, it is at 1 minute of Notre Dame de Paris. Hello everyone, Want to experience Paris like a local? Louvre, Orsay, Pompidou, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter, atypical pubs, small fancy lunches facing the Seine as in postcards You just around the corner. I offer a very large 80m square apartment, 1st floor with elevator, Good for six. It has a large about 30m square room with a king bed and a view and access to a private garden. In the living room a bed 160x200 cm. and a sofa bed. It is possible on request to add a baby bed. The apartment has a bathroom. It very well located in the city center, Place Saint-André-des-Arts, near the Fontaine Saint-Michel along the Seine, 2 minutes from Notre Dame and 15 minutes from the Louvre and Orsay Museum and other (see map) Near the metro station Saint Michel: -RER B (which will take you to Charles
16226	The flat is located in a safe and very quiet courtyard and only seconds away from the most dynamic street of the left bank The sleeping area is in a alcove with a Japanese screen to provide some privacy	65sq meters apartment located in Saint Germain des Près (Saint Sulpice) in a quiet courtyard. Many shops and restaurant near by. Luxembourg Garden: 2mn by walk Notre Dame: 10mn by walk Louvre Museum: 15mn by walk Permanent point of contact The flat is located in a safe and very quiet courtyard and only seconds away from the most dynamic street of the left bank The sleeping area is in a alcove with a Japanese screen to provide some privacy Access to the entire flat with a permanent point of contact living in Paris The most vibrant and typical district of the left bank. Many shops, restaurant and bar in the area. Subway Taxi Bus
16227	A small cosy nest right in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Quiet and secure.  Ideal for a couple or for a single person. All the necessity is there. Bath towels and sheets. Shower gel and Shampoo. Microwave, oven, dishes, fridge...  Upon your arrival, you can make coffee or tea. It is a independant studio.  	Studio any comfort, bright, very well placed. In a quiet street, just a step from St Germain, from the Bridge of arts and Notre-Dame-de-Paris. Take advantage of the internet connection, the equipped kitchen area and the hot drink for you    A small cosy nest right in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Quiet and secure.  Ideal for a couple or for a single person. All the necessity is there. Bath towels and sheets. Shower gel and Shampoo. Microwave, oven, dishes, fridge...  Upon your arrival, you can make coffee or tea. It is a independant studio.   The Latin Quarter leaves the Seine and goes to the Holy Mountain Geneviève. It offers you a stroll on banks of the Seine, including saint Michel, and Notre-Dame-de-Paris. Pont des Arts which is also the one lovers, is not far non-more.  It is before any a tourist district very livened up with in particular the pedestrian precinct of Huchette. Numerous restaurants and renowned bars.  By going back up the holy Boulevard Saint Michel, we arrive the
16228	"What makes our flat atypical is that it has only one bedroom, but two living rooms, two bathrooms with tube (one with toilet) and a separated toilet. there is also a mezzanine on wich we put a second ""actual"" bed. there is one sofa the living that can be converted into double bed. that makes a maximal capacity of 6 people. there is a separated kitchen fully equiped (microwave, fridge, hoven, hotplates, dishwasher) and a space dedicated to interior maintenance (brooms, washing machine, tools). We have one TV with DVD player, and audio equipment."	"This spacious flat is nicely located near the Luxembourg garden, saint Germain des prés & many facilities (transports, museums, shops and restaurants). It even provides a view on the Eiffel tower ! What makes our flat atypical is that it has only one bedroom, but two living rooms, two bathrooms with tube (one with toilet) and a separated toilet. there is also a mezzanine on wich we put a second ""actual"" bed. there is one sofa the living that can be converted into double bed. that makes a maximal capacity of 6 people. there is a separated kitchen fully equiped (microwave, fridge, hoven, hotplates, dishwasher) and a space dedicated to interior maintenance (brooms, washing machine, tools). We have one TV with DVD player, and audio equipment. This is the flat we actually live in, staying at our place would definitely sound an authentic experience.  Feel free to use coffee, tea, sugar and any food you'll find in the kitchen. The flat is at the 6th floor with (small) lift. I will be delighte"
16229	Completely refurbished at the beginning of 2011, this 2 bedrooms apartment of 55 sq.m. offers a home atmosphere with parisian architecture. On the 4th floor with a lift this apartment is ideal for 4 persons (friends or family). It is composed of 2 light bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 entrance, 1 bathroom and 1 separate toilet.  No need to worry about sheets or towels. DESCRIPTION Living Room : dining table, sofa, Home Cinema with HD projector and 5.1 sound system, HD movie library, TV, Wifi. Bedroom n° 1 : 160 cm bed and a wardrobe  Bedroom n° 2 : 160 cm sofa bed, desk, iMac with guest login, dresser, library and a piano. Bathroom : bathtub, towels, dryer Kitchen : Nesspresso coffee machine, oven, fridge, toaster, dish washer, washing machine, micro wave oven, cooker hood, blender, kettle, freezer, iron, vacuum cleaner.  If you enjoy biking, you can you use our two bikes to move around Paris. LOCATION Located in the 6th district near the Eiffel Tower, the Hotel des Invalides and	Authentic parisian experience of Quartier Latin ! Two bedroom, comfortable and elegant apartement at the heart of Paris with a spatious, cosy living room. The location of the place gives a unique opportunity to enjoy the most remarquable parisian spots within a few minutes walk.  Completely refurbished at the beginning of 2011, this 2 bedrooms apartment of 55 sq.m. offers a home atmosphere with parisian architecture. On the 4th floor with a lift this apartment is ideal for 4 persons (friends or family). It is composed of 2 light bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 entrance, 1 bathroom and 1 separate toilet.  No need to worry about sheets or towels. DESCRIPTION Living Room : dining table, sofa, Home Cinema with HD projector and 5.1 sound system, HD movie library, TV, Wifi. Bedroom n° 1 : 160 cm bed and a wardrobe  Bedroom n° 2 : 160 cm sofa bed, desk, iMac with guest login, dresser, library and a piano. Bathroom : bathtub, towels, dryer Kitchen : Nesspresso coffee machine, oven, fridg
16230	Entièrement équipé : Dressing, cuisine (avec ustensiles : poêles, casseroles, couverts, assiettes, verres ect...), plaques à induction, micro-onde, frigo, salle de bain (avec gel douche, shampooing, serviettes ...) avec douche, WC, grand meuble de rangement, canapé-lit, TV, internet, wi-fi.	Parfaitement situé (proximité de restaurants, bars, cinémas...), le studio est entièrement équipé : cuisine intégrée, salle de bain, WC indépendants, lave-linge, TV, internet, wi-fi, micro-onde, frigo... Lumineux, à deux pas du métro Odeon (ligne 4) Entièrement équipé : Dressing, cuisine (avec ustensiles : poêles, casseroles, couverts, assiettes, verres ect...), plaques à induction, micro-onde, frigo, salle de bain (avec gel douche, shampooing, serviettes ...) avec douche, WC, grand meuble de rangement, canapé-lit, TV, internet, wi-fi. Idéal, il s'agit de l'un des quartiers les plus vivant de Paris.  Multitudes de restaurants de toutes sortes, bars, cinémas, magasins ... A quelques minutes du café de Flore, le studio est quasiment sur le boulevard St.Germain-des-Près. Le studio se trouve à deux pas du métro Odéon (Ligne 4) sur le boulevard St.Germain-des-Près.
16231	The Atelier 103 is a photography studio from the last century that has been transformed into an apartment-gallery which can be rented weekly or monthly.  The apartment is in perfect harmony with the village-style neighbourhood, buzzing with art galleries, chic boutiques and student cafés.	In the heart of the Latin Quarter, hidden behind a photography gallery is a unique furnished apartment, one of those secret addresses that Paris does so well.  City tax not included 1.65€/adult/night The Atelier 103 is a photography studio from the last century that has been transformed into an apartment-gallery which can be rented weekly or monthly.  The apartment is in perfect harmony with the village-style neighbourhood, buzzing with art galleries, chic boutiques and student cafés. -Dishwasher / multifunction microwaves / refrigerator / stove / kettle / toaster -Iron and ironing board -Safe -Telephone -Flat screen television -2 beds 80x200 cm -Sofa bed 140x190 cm -Walk-in shower -Hairdryer -Washing machine / dryer  -Vacuum cleaner -Free high-speed internet -Telephone (with free calls to French landlines and mobiles) -TV with over 100 channels -Bed linen and towels provided at arrival -Welcome kit -Concierge service -       Air conditionning By phone or email 24h/24. We are located a
16232		Well situated between Odeon and Luxembourg's Garden, this lovely 2-room flat is perfect for couples who want to spend a romantic time in Paris : floor tile, exposed beams... An fully-equipped historical flat in the center of Paris. 
16233	Pour information, il n'y a pas d'ascenseur pour se rendre a l'appartement. 	Chambre luxueuse au coeur de paris dans le 6éme arrondissement situer sous les toits de Paris est typique ! il peut accueillir 2 personnes, ideal pour un couple. cette chambre dispose d'une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et d'une sale de douche.   Pour information, il n'y a pas d'ascenseur pour se rendre a l'appartement. 
16234	Beautiful family apartment in the heart of the city of Lights!!! Close to the famous quarter of St Germain des pres and at 2 steps from the amazing Jardin du Luxembourg, this is the ideal location to enjoy Paris!	Beautiful family apartment in the heart of the city of Lights!!! Close to the famous quarter of St Germain des pres and at 2 steps from the amazing Jardin du Luxembourg, this is the ideal location to enjoy Paris! Beautiful family apartment in the heart of the city of Lights!!! Close to the famous quarter of St Germain des pres and at 2 steps from the amazing Jardin du Luxembourg, this is the ideal location to enjoy Paris! The whole apartment , 4 bedrooms Parents room with 1 king size bed 1ste kids room with 2 beds of 90X200 2nd kids room with 2 beds 90X200 ( the one with pink and green bedshits on the picture ) 3rd is baby's room with baby cot 1 sofa bed in the living room / extra charge 20e 1 extra matt that you can put on the floor in one of the kids room I will be thrilled to advise you some restaurants or place to go..and will be there to welcome you in our home! This building is shared with 6 other families..so we don't accept to rent our apartment for people who would like to set
16235	The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of an elegant building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom and the living-room look on Bonaparte Street (with two little balconies), as the windows of the kitchen and the dressing-room look on a beautiful and quiet courtyard. This 54sqm apartment to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The entrance leads to the living-room. This main room has a dining area with a dining table where at least 4 people can sit, and a living area with a coffee table, couches and a very comfortable sofabed (140×200),  where two people can sleep. A small balcony is accessible from the main room. It looks on Bonaparte View and the side of St Sulpice Church. From the living-room you can access the bedroom. It has a large double bed (160×200) and its own balcony. You will appreciate the en-suite dressing room with a large wardrobe and storage. The bathroom is accessible from the dressing-room. It has a walk-in shower and toilet. The kitchen is equ	Discover St Germain des Prés, the Panthéon, the Luxembourg Gardens and many other tourist attractions near this gem of the Paris apartments that are available to rent. Perfect for a couple or a group of friends. The Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of an elegant building with a lift. The windows of the bedroom and the living-room look on Bonaparte Street (with two little balconies), as the windows of the kitchen and the dressing-room look on a beautiful and quiet courtyard. This 54sqm apartment to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The entrance leads to the living-room. This main room has a dining area with a dining table where at least 4 people can sit, and a living area with a coffee table, couches and a very comfortable sofabed (140×200),  where two people can sleep. A small balcony is accessible from the main room. It looks on Bonaparte View and the side of St Sulpice Church. From the living-room you can access the bedroom. It has a large double bed (160×2
16236		Very quiet studio, bright and central, on in a 6-floor building, in one of the most charming neighbour of Paris located close to the Luxembourg Gardens and the Place Saint-Sulpice. Convertible bed L=1,40m Computer +hi-speed internet available. Mail then telephone One of the most charming neighbourhood in Paris, close to the Luxembourg Garden and Saint Germain des Prés
16237		Notre appartement, situé en plein coeur de Paris, est l'endroit idéal pour ceux qui souhaitent profiter de la vie parisienne : Saint Germain des Près, le Sentier, la Tour Eiffel, les Invalides... Commerces et Grands Magasins à proximité !
16238		Located near Luxembourg garden in a quiet residence, studio of 30 mètres. Paris 6e. Elevators, entrance, main room, TV,  retractable bed and sofa bed, kitchenette, shower room with toilet. balcony with beautiful view over the Montparnasse Tower  and the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for couples with children.
16239	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming and well located 24 m2 (260 sq. feet) Studio is located on Rue Dauphine in the lively 6th district called St Germain.  There is a security code at the gate as well as at the entrance of the building.  This very bright apartment has 2 windows on the front and the back fassade and it is on the 3rd floor.  It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, drying washing machine, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Pont Neuf / St Michel / Odéon/ Mabillon Area: St Germain/St Michel/Odéon/Pont Neuf.  This apartment is located Rue Dauphine in the 6th district called St Germain, on the left bank of the Seine river. This area remains the traditional home for the haute bourgeoisie and aristocracy despite the French Revolution. The apartment is located a few steps away from Seine, the famous Place Dauphine, the Cathédrale Notre Dame, 	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming and well located 24 m2 (260 sq. feet) Studio is located on Rue Dauphine in the lively 6th district called St Germain.  There is a security code at the gate as well as at the entrance of the building.  This very bright apartment has 2 windows on the front and the back fassade and it is on the 3rd floor.  It is equipped with an oven, nespresso machine, electric kettle, drying washing machine, cable TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Pont Neuf / St Michel / Odéon/ Mabillon Area: St Germain/St Michel/Odéon/Pont Neuf.  This apartment is located Rue Dauphine in the 6th district called St Germain, on the left bank of the Seine river. This area remains the traditional home for the haute bourgeoisie and aristocracy despite the French Revolution. The apartment is located a few steps away from Seine, the famous Place Dauphine, the Cathédrale Notre Dame, 
16240	Localization: In the best area of Paris, 1 minute from the Luxembourg Park and Saint-Sulpice, 5 minutes from Saint-Germain des Pres and café de Flore. Near the Odeon theater and the Vieux Colombier. Famous Cafés, restaurants, fashion designers, art galleries, private nightclubs. 7/7 food shops....   Served by subway lines #4 (St Sulpice / Odéon) and #10 (Mabillon). Direct bus to and from railway stations Direct from CDG airport with RER B (Luxembourg station). Quiet apartment, 2nd floor, totally independent. - Living room: with 1 convertible sofa bed for a child, coffee table and TV, sleeping area with  comfortable double bed  and storage. - Bathroom: washbasin, large shower, toilet. ( professional hairdryer, shower gel, razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, shower cap, towels ) - Kitchen: Refrigerator, hobs, microwave and all the necessary to cook and eat! - Dining room: Dining table and folding dressing You can also rent one of another suites in the same building www.airbnb.fr/rooms/2010723	Charming private flat 23 m2 - 248 sqft between Saint-Germain-des-Prés and  Luxembourg Park. Entrance, bathroom, kitchen, bedroom, TV, WiFi. For 2 persons, a young child possible. Three days minimum rental. Quiet, safe, cozy, iron, hair-dryer... Localization: In the best area of Paris, 1 minute from the Luxembourg Park and Saint-Sulpice, 5 minutes from Saint-Germain des Pres and café de Flore. Near the Odeon theater and the Vieux Colombier. Famous Cafés, restaurants, fashion designers, art galleries, private nightclubs. 7/7 food shops....   Served by subway lines #4 (St Sulpice / Odéon) and #10 (Mabillon). Direct bus to and from railway stations Direct from CDG airport with RER B (Luxembourg station). Quiet apartment, 2nd floor, totally independent. - Living room: with 1 convertible sofa bed for a child, coffee table and TV, sleeping area with  comfortable double bed  and storage. - Bathroom: washbasin, large shower, toilet. ( professional hairdryer, shower gel, razor, toothbrush, tooth
16241	Duplex de 82 m² dans immeuble d'architecte des années 70, comprenant 2 chambres avec grand lits (180x200), TV dans chaque pièce, wifi, chaines Numéricâble et Canal+, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave linge et WC, autre WC séparé, grand séjour donnant sur Balcon/terrasse avec canapé convertible en 2 matelas 1 place (90x200), cuisine totalement équipée (robot, machine expresso, plaques inductions, four, micro onde...)	Duplex de 82 m², 2 chambres avec TV, wifi, SdB avec baignoire, WC séparé, Balcon/terrasse, parking direct avec ascenseur, profitez du calme des Jardins du Luxembourg et de l'animation du quartier Montparnasse (rue de la Gaieté et tous ses théâtres). Duplex de 82 m² dans immeuble d'architecte des années 70, comprenant 2 chambres avec grand lits (180x200), TV dans chaque pièce, wifi, chaines Numéricâble et Canal+, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave linge et WC, autre WC séparé, grand séjour donnant sur Balcon/terrasse avec canapé convertible en 2 matelas 1 place (90x200), cuisine totalement équipée (robot, machine expresso, plaques inductions, four, micro onde...) Accès direct du parking au palier de l'appartement par double ascenseur. Location de logement complet, donc nos visiteurs auront leur totale indépendance et un carnet explicatif à leur disposition (bien sur nous restons joignable en cas de besoin!!!) Dans notre rue Campagne Première où fut tourné le film A bout de souffle de Je
16242	Une cuisine équipée avec lave-vaisselle, une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver, des toilettes séparées, un salon, une chambre avec un lit 2 places. Internet Wifi. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout autre renseignement.	Appartement 2 pièces 50m2 en plein cœur de Paris, situé au pied du jardin du Luxembourg, à 5-10 minutes à pieds du quartier Montparnasse et du quartier Odéon Saint-Michel, Sorbonne Une cuisine équipée avec lave-vaisselle, une salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver, des toilettes séparées, un salon, une chambre avec un lit 2 places. Internet Wifi. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout autre renseignement. Au cœur du quartier Latin, proche de nombreux restaurants, cafés et brasseries, commerces de proximité, excellente boulangerie à l'angle de la rue. Métro ligne 4 Vavin, ligne 6 Raspail, ligne 12 Notre-Dame des Champs, ligne 13 Montparnasse, RERB Luxembourg ou Port Royal
16243	You will be renting this apartment directly from me , we are a family with 2 children , 16 and 19 years , in the most marvelous location in Paris , Saint germain des près . We will make it to be sur that you will have a memorable and comfortable stay in Paris  There is no extra cost , we take care of every thing . we are in a small street , beautiful 18/19 eme century building , 5 th floor  when you get in : ENTRY , to live shoes and jacket LIVING ROOM ,  oriented south with a very big window with a view on a courtyard, a sofa , a design table for 6  nice painting on the wall , design chair , view on eiffel tower at night  BEDROOM 1 ,  nice design desk  a queen bed , and laundry cupboard BEDROOM 2 Nice view on Paris roof and very calm , with a queen bed  KITCHEN Fully equipped , with , fridge  -oven , micro wave , gas cooking  -you will find every thing you need  BATHROOM with a Shower and a bathtub , nice window , washing machine    and if you need something else , we find it for you,	The apartment is absolutely first class, just like it´s location in the safe and chic upscale 6 , very close to the BON MARCHE and the EIFFEL TOWER,  Tout le meilleur shopping de Paris est ici avec des Restaurants très Parisiens. You will be renting this apartment directly from me , we are a family with 2 children , 16 and 19 years , in the most marvelous location in Paris , Saint germain des près . We will make it to be sur that you will have a memorable and comfortable stay in Paris  There is no extra cost , we take care of every thing . we are in a small street , beautiful 18/19 eme century building , 5 th floor  when you get in : ENTRY , to live shoes and jacket LIVING ROOM ,  oriented south with a very big window with a view on a courtyard, a sofa , a design table for 6  nice painting on the wall , design chair , view on eiffel tower at night  BEDROOM 1 ,  nice design desk  a queen bed , and laundry cupboard BEDROOM 2 Nice view on Paris roof and very calm , with a queen bed  KITCH
16244		Studio de charme de 28 m2, dans un immeuble ancien, situé au coeur de St Germain des Prés. Entièrement équipé Tel, TV, Internet.
16245	Very pleasant to live. A bedroom of 14 m² with a large double bed. A children's room of 10 m² with a single bed. A well equipped kitchen if you want to use it. A dining-room table for  6 dinner and a very comfortable living room.	Lovely 3 rooms appartement. Very quiet, in the center of Paris. 2 minutes walking of the Bon Marché, 5 minutes walking form Saint Germain des Près.  Well served by bus and subway. Wonderful for a couple with one child. Very pleasant to live. A bedroom of 14 m² with a large double bed. A children's room of 10 m² with a single bed. A well equipped kitchen if you want to use it. A dining-room table for  6 dinner and a very comfortable living room. Located in the historic part of Paris. The apartment is located in a very quiet street but close to many shops and restaurants.  The Luxembourg Gardens is two minutes walking. Métro: 4, 10, 12, 6 Bus: (phone number hidden)
16246	"This 2 bedroom apartment of about 75 square meters in area, is located on Boulevard Saint -Germain in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, near Saint- Germain -des- Prés and not far from the Jardin du Luxembourg. It lies on the groundfloor in a quiet courtyard and has a lounge / dining room , open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms kitchen and 1 separate toilet. It will provide a comfortable living environment and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is served by the station "" Odeon"" (line 4 and 10) , which is just down the building. The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - DVD player - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee - Linen / towels - Dishwasher - Washing machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board Living / Dining Room: Area of about 30 square meters, it has a glass ceiling with 2 skylight ceiling windows that opens electrically and is equipped with a sofa, 6 chairs , 2 a"	"This 2 bedroom apartment of about 75 square meters in area, is located on Boulevard Saint -Germain in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, near Saint- Germain -des- Prés and not far from the Jardin du Luxembourg. It lies on the groundfloor in a quiet courtyard and has a lounge / dining room , open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms kitchen and 1 separate toilet. It will provide a comfortable living environment and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is served by the station "" Odeon"" (line 4 and 10) , which is just down the building. The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - DVD player - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee - Linen / towels - Dishwasher - Washing machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board Living / Dining Room: Area of about 30 square meters, it has a glass ceiling with 2 skylight ceiling windows that opens electrically and is equipped with a sofa, 6 chairs , 2 a"
16247	Very charming quiet and sunny apartment in the heart of the latin quartier.  In a XVII century building, where queen Marie Antoinette use to come shopping.  All renewed. With wooden beams. The apartment combines the charm of the all days and the modern confort.  Wifi, Cable TV, lift. Kitchen with microwave, oven and washing machine.  Bathroom. with shower and bath.  Bedroom with a double bed under a roof light where you can see the Paris roofs and sky  and living room. You can walk to Notre dame or the Louvre and Musée d'Orsay; see the Seine river, visit the latin quartier, shop in saint germain des près, rest in the Luxembourg park. Best place for a typical parisian stay and live like a real parisian for a few days.  Very nice, chic and safe neighborhood, a lot of terrasses and restaurants, shopping and  museums. All faciliities : metro ( Odéon, Cluny, bus, taxi, Rer Luxembourg) Unique place in Paris.  I will be happy to welcome you and help you make your parisian stay a perfect exper	A exceptionnal place in the heart of Paris most beautiful area. Last stage of a XVIII century building. All renewed very quiet appartment. Sunny, lot of charm. You will live a real Paris experience ! Walking distance (5mn) from Notre Dame, le Louvre Very charming quiet and sunny apartment in the heart of the latin quartier.  In a XVII century building, where queen Marie Antoinette use to come shopping.  All renewed. With wooden beams. The apartment combines the charm of the all days and the modern confort.  Wifi, Cable TV, lift. Kitchen with microwave, oven and washing machine.  Bathroom. with shower and bath.  Bedroom with a double bed under a roof light where you can see the Paris roofs and sky  and living room. You can walk to Notre dame or the Louvre and Musée d'Orsay; see the Seine river, visit the latin quartier, shop in saint germain des près, rest in the Luxembourg park. Best place for a typical parisian stay and live like a real parisian for a few days.  Very nice, chic and sa
16248	Kitchen - fully equipped kitchen with plates, pots, utensils and basic spices and cooking aids Internet - access is available and code provided upon rental  Towels & Linens - all are provided so no need to bring your own Heat & Hot Water - please turn on heating unit only when you need hot water and or heat in the flat.  When you leave the flat please be sure to turn the heating unit off TV - included as well is a DVD player with a number of DVDs.  Please note all DVDs are accounted for :-) Toiletries - hairdryer, soap and shampoo are provided	Newly refurbished 2 floor open-plan, sleeps 4 comfortably. Fully furnished will all amenities. Centrally located in the 6th Arrondisment next to Jardin du Luxembourg. Easily accessible via RER B (Port Royal) and Metro (Vavin). Kitchen - fully equipped kitchen with plates, pots, utensils and basic spices and cooking aids Internet - access is available and code provided upon rental  Towels & Linens - all are provided so no need to bring your own Heat & Hot Water - please turn on heating unit only when you need hot water and or heat in the flat.  When you leave the flat please be sure to turn the heating unit off TV - included as well is a DVD player with a number of DVDs.  Please note all DVDs are accounted for :-) Toiletries - hairdryer, soap and shampoo are provided Parking - paid street parking  (9am to 7pm) is available but my require a bit of searching. Street parking is free on weekends Happy to be available via cell if you need me. (phone number hidden) The flat is very centrally 
16249	Nice tiny appartment (8m2) situated in Odéon area, in the cultural and romantic center of Paris. kitchen space ( micro wave, top cook, plates, glasses, saucepan) large sofa (sheets included), shower inside the studio.   Toilets outside shared with one other people Studio near by Luxembourg Garden,  Sorbonne University, Odeon theatre. Many typicals little streets with restaurants, bars, and shops. many ciber café around to be connected. if wifi in the studio  (supplement 30euros per month : key 4G)  please note that you have many photos to have an idea of the appartment.	Nice tiny apartment, in a calm building,   6th floor, without lift. View on the roof !!  In the heart of Paris :  Saint Germain des Prés- Odeon area, nearby  Sorbonne University, Luxembourg Garden. Many restaurants, cinema and shops. Enjoy ! Nice tiny appartment (8m2) situated in Odéon area, in the cultural and romantic center of Paris. kitchen space ( micro wave, top cook, plates, glasses, saucepan) large sofa (sheets included), shower inside the studio.   Toilets outside shared with one other people Studio near by Luxembourg Garden,  Sorbonne University, Odeon theatre. Many typicals little streets with restaurants, bars, and shops. many ciber café around to be connected. if wifi in the studio  (supplement 30euros per month : key 4G)  please note that you have many photos to have an idea of the appartment. The appartment is private studio, one entrance : only for the guest.  Toilets outside, on the floor, shared with one other people For long stay : 28 days and more the paiment monthl
16250	This is one of the greatest building of Saint Germain des près, the heart of the heart of Paris	Perfectly located in the heart of Saint-Germain des près, enjoy the best quality life style Paris can offer today : restaurants, bars, museums, gardens, shops,... within a couple of minutes. The building is historical, calm and safe. This is one of the greatest building of Saint Germain des près, the heart of the heart of Paris
16251	Nice apartment, area of 47 m² (510 sqft), composed of a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. It's on the 2nd French floor, with elevator. Equipments provided :  Internet WIFI access, television by cable / satellite, vacuum, kettle, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, iron, washing machine, dishwasher. Living room :  Area of 25 m² (269 sqft), two windows facing North. Bookcase, sofa-bed 160 cm (2 people), 4 chairs, 1 armchair, table, coffee table, wooden floor. Bedroom :  Area of 12 m² (129 sqft), one window 1 bed 160 cm, closet, nightstand, wooden floor. Ensuite bathroom. Courtyard view. Bathroom :  Shower, sink, haridryer, toilets separated. Tiled floor. Good to know : it's possible to rent the exact same apartment on the same floor of the building ! Nearby :  Le Café de Flore, la Brasserie Lipp, , Ecole des Beaux Arts, Ile de la Cité, Luxembourg gardens.	Nice apartment, area of 47 m² (510 sqft), composed of a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. It's on the 2nd French floor, with elevator. Equipments provided :  Internet WIFI access, television by cable / satellite, vacuum, kettle, oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, iron, washing machine, dishwasher. Living room :  Area of 25 m² (269 sqft), two windows facing North. Bookcase, sofa-bed 160 cm (2 people), 4 chairs, 1 armchair, table, coffee table, wooden floor. Bedroom :  Area of 12 m² (129 sqft), one window 1 bed 160 cm, closet, nightstand, wooden floor. Ensuite bathroom. Courtyard view. Bathroom :  Shower, sink, haridryer, toilets separated. Tiled floor. Good to know : it's possible to rent the exact same apartment on the same floor of the building ! Nearby :  Le Café de Flore, la Brasserie Lipp, , Ecole des Beaux Arts, Ile de la Cité, Luxembourg gardens. If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker
16252	Jolie petite colocation de 3 personnes au quatrième étage d'un immeuble de charme parisien. La chambre, grande, calme et douillette vous permettra d'accueillir un couple, un voyageur seul, ou deux amis. Tous les services de base existent dans l'appartement, entre la cuisine tout équipée et la salle de bain fournie.	Jolie petite colocation de 3 personnes au quatrième étage d'un immeuble de charme parisien. La chambre, grande, calme et douillette vous permettra d'accueillir un couple, un voyageur seul, ou deux amis. Tous les services de base existent dans l'appartement, entre la cuisine tout équipée et la salle de bain fournie. Les voyageurs auront accès à: - la chambre - la salle de bain - la cuisine - les toilettes Dans un appartement de trois jeunes professionnels, nous sommes ouverts à la discussion, mais savons aussi nous faire discrets. La charme du 6ème arrondissement vous permettra de vous balader à entre Saint Germain des Près et Saint Sulpice; de faire du shopping entre la Rue de Rennes et le Bon Marché; ou de découvrir de bons restaurants parisiens/bars et autres lieux de sortie. L'appartement est à proximité de tout, à Paris. Métro: Lignes 10, 13, 4, 6, ... à moins de 5 minutes à pied. Gare Montparnasse à 10 minutes à pied. Station de Vélib en bas du logement.
16253	L'appartement est un T4 dans un très bel immeuble Haussmannien avec cour intérieure, il est composé de : - 3 chambres avec lit double - un salon avec canapé-lit - une cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche linge, etc...) - une salle de bain avec baignoire - entrée - toilettes	Je loue une chambre privée de 20m2 dans une collocation, idéalement située rue de Rennes dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris, juste à coté de Montparnasse. 1er étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement est un T4 dans un très bel immeuble Haussmannien avec cour intérieure, il est composé de : - 3 chambres avec lit double - un salon avec canapé-lit - une cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche linge, etc...) - une salle de bain avec baignoire - entrée - toilettes Les voyageurs auront accès à la chambre, la cuisine, l'entrée et les toilettes. Le quartier est top ! Beaucoup de magasins et très accessible, idéal pour un séjour à Paris car on peut aller facilement dans toute la capitale avec les transports en commun (au pied de l'immeuble) : Métro (ligne 13,4,6,12). Bus (jour et nuit) desservent toute la capitale. Gare Montparnasse (TGV, Ter) à 5 minutes à pied.
16254	Welcome to this Parisian apartment situated perfectly in the Saint Germain des Prés area nearby the Latin Quarter, within the 6th arrondissement, a cast away from the Luxembourg Garden and the Saint Sulpice square, bringing the best of Paris right to your doorstep. The apartment has recently been refurbished, it remains a typical parisian home in a late 19th century building/house, both comfortable and authentic  with old-style parquet, antique floor tiles, molded ceilings, marble fireplaces but with modern facilities and equipment (fully equiped kitchen, flatscreen TV, WIFI ...) and a reinforced steel door. It is furnished and decorated in a mix of antique and modern. Our goal is to make your stay with our apartment a memorable and comfortable one. We are “a private person” not a real estate agency with friendly but serious service.	Welcome to this Parisian apartment situated perfectly in the Saint Germain des Prés area nearby the Latin Quarter, within the 6th arrondissement, a cast away from the Luxembourg Garden and the Saint Sulpice square, bringing the best of Paris right to your doorstep. The apartment has recently been refurbished, it remains a typical parisian home in a late 19th century building/house, both comfortable and authentic  with old-style parquet, antique floor tiles, molded ceilings, marble fireplaces but with modern facilities and equipment (fully equiped kitchen, flatscreen TV, WIFI ...) and a reinforced steel door. It is furnished and decorated in a mix of antique and modern. Our goal is to make your stay with our apartment a memorable and comfortable one. We are “a private person” not a real estate agency with friendly but serious service.
16255	Lovely Haussmann apartment, spacious, tastefully decorated, ideally located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement , Luxembourg, Notre Dame des Champs / Montparnasse, close to Saint Germain des Pres and the Latin Quarter.  Experience the true Parisian life in this gorgeous 130m2 apartment , chic, authentic, clear and calm, with 4 people capacity. Elegantly furnished and clean, french style.  Hardwood, moldings, stylish decor give this typically Parisian apartment a very personal character and charm.  	Charming and very quiet 130m2 apartment in the heart of old Paris/Luxembourg. Large double living room 60 m2, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 courtyard side, separate fully equiped kitchen, high ceilings, old stones.  Lovely Haussmann apartment, spacious, tastefully decorated, ideally located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement , Luxembourg, Notre Dame des Champs / Montparnasse, close to Saint Germain des Pres and the Latin Quarter.  Experience the true Parisian life in this gorgeous 130m2 apartment , chic, authentic, clear and calm, with 4 people capacity. Elegantly furnished and clean, french style.  Hardwood, moldings, stylish decor give this typically Parisian apartment a very personal character and charm.  Very pleasant, safe and lively neighborhood. Close to the Jardin du Luxembourg, Saint Germain des Pres, Montparnasse, bars, restaurants, cinemas, museums, shops, markets in Paris.  It's very central to anywhere You'd like to go: very close to all tourist attractions and cultural a
16256	The apartment is made with  2 main rooms and a third one which is a quite big  kitchen were it is possible to have lunch with 4 persons .  There are 2 sofas in the living room , that can be converted into simple beds  Every room has a window , even the bathroom .  It is a quite place , in a quite building .	40 m2 on 4th floor of an old building of the 6 th area ( left bank and central Paris ).Situated in an  elegant area ,50 m of the  Luxembourg gardens . Tastefully decorated by an interior designer , it has a secured access and an elevator .  The apartment is made with  2 main rooms and a third one which is a quite big  kitchen were it is possible to have lunch with 4 persons .  There are 2 sofas in the living room , that can be converted into simple beds  Every room has a window , even the bathroom .  It is a quite place , in a quite building . Guests will have access to internet of course , tv with 200 international channels , a wireless sound air for the play list they will keep on their mobile phone .  If you want , you can read the reviews that others guests have kidly written about another apartment I am managing ( www.airbnb.fr/rooms/4715720) Also ,I  always try to be prompt with my answers . Neighborhood is quiet , the garden of Luxembourg is 50 m far .  On sunday , only pedestri
16257	Charmant studio, bon standing bien équipé. Métro Montparnasse Bienvenue.  1 chambre + cuisine indépendante+ Salle de bain indépendante. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit supplémentaire. Equipements: Baignoire, fer à repasser, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques à induction, micro ondes, four, télévision cablé, wifi.	Appartement de 40 M2 au coeur de Paris. Cuisine et Salle de bain indépendantes + grand balcon aménagé de 7m2 idéal pour prendre les repas à l'extérieur. A - de 10mn: Montparnasse, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysée, Luxembourg, Invalides Idéal pour visiter Charmant studio, bon standing bien équipé. Métro Montparnasse Bienvenue.  1 chambre + cuisine indépendante+ Salle de bain indépendante. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit supplémentaire. Equipements: Baignoire, fer à repasser, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques à induction, micro ondes, four, télévision cablé, wifi. - Nombreux métros à proximité : Arrêts: Montparnasse-Bienvenüe / Duroc   *Ligne 4 *Ligne 6 *Ligne 10 *Ligne 12  *Ligne 13 - Gare Montparnasse . Les nombreux bars, théâtres et cinémas en font un lieu de vie culturelle très attractif. Appartement très proche du célèbre quartier latin, lieu de visite incontournable de la capitale ! Parisiens, étudiants et touristes s’y croisent toute l’année dans les nombreux cafés et res
16258	Lovely Parisien apartment (37m2), quiet and bright, offers you all the necessary comfort during your stay in Paris - One nice living room with sofa, dinning table and TV - One bedroom with a comfortable double bed - One fully-equipped kitchen - One bathroom with shower and toilette - Free high-speed wifi and tourist information at your disposal  - Bed sheets and bath towels provided	Lovely Parisien apartment (37m2), quiet and bright, offers you all the necessary comfort during your stay in Paris - One nice living room with sofa, dinning table and TV - One bedroom with a comfortable double bed - One fully-equipped kitchen - One bathroom with shower and toilette - Free high-speed wifi and tourist information at your disposal  - Bed sheets and bath towels provided The entire apartment with the wifi I am reachable by message via the Airbnb website or by telephone during your stay. I will be glad to provide you all the tourist information and advice to enjoy your journey. Perfect location in heart of Paris The flat is located next to the jardin du Luxembourg. Chic and safe neighborhood with lots of supermarkets, as well as the traditional shops (bakery, fish store, butcher's shop, artisan chocolatier, cheese shop and wine shop) You have a large choice of cinemas, theaters, restaurants, cafes and bars whthin 5 minutes walk from the flat. The apartment is perfectly locat
16259	Small renovated studio on the top floor of a Haussmann building with all comforts for a pleasant stay.  Equipped with a bathroom with toilet and shower room with Italian, a fully equipped kitchen area with a dining area and a sitting area with a comfortable sofa bed, nine with a real mattress with anti-dust mite properties. The studio is equipped with a reinforced door, internet wifi, cable TV, a skylight with electric blackout blinds.	Charming little studio located in the heart of Paris in the historic district of Saint-Germain-Des-Prés, one of the symbols of Paris. Small renovated studio on the top floor of a Haussmann building with all comforts for a pleasant stay.  Equipped with a bathroom with toilet and shower room with Italian, a fully equipped kitchen area with a dining area and a sitting area with a comfortable sofa bed, nine with a real mattress with anti-dust mite properties. The studio is equipped with a reinforced door, internet wifi, cable TV, a skylight with electric blackout blinds. I will be present upon arrival to welcome you You will be located on one of the main street in Paris, Rue de Rennes between the church Saint Germain and Montparnasse Tower located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. It is therefore at the heart of Saint Germain des Prés and therefore ideally located in one of the trendiest areas of Paris. This area is full of monuments and buildings. You can discover the Luxembourg Gardens
16260	The 6th arrondissement is the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A 25 m² apartment. It is well organised and fully furnished. It is quiet and opens into a calm, green and unique courtyard.  Ideal place for 2 persons.  Let me know if you need more information. 	Fully furnished studio flat on the 1st floor of a Haussman style building.  Calm and opens into courtyard with trees. It contains separated kitchen and bathroom.  Near to all public transportation. Best location for visiting, partying and shopping. The 6th arrondissement is the most historic and romantic district of Paris.  A 25 m² apartment. It is well organised and fully furnished. It is quiet and opens into a calm, green and unique courtyard.  Ideal place for 2 persons.  Let me know if you need more information. You will have a free access to the Wi Fi and the television.  The washing machine, drier, dish washer, fixed hair dryer in the bathroom are also under your disposal. My Library is under your disposal if you read french literature. Some English book are available.  I will be always reachable by phone.  A person is dedicated to assist you if needed.  Destination: The 6th arrondissement of Paris :)  It includes world famous educational institutions as well as a concentration of
16261	"Chic and trendy flat of a photographer artist in heart of Saint Germain des Pres, you'll stay in a 17th century historitical monument.   A wonderful Parisian apartment with view over a private yard, this flat is ideally located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement. Filled with afternoon light and just a block away from the famous Luxembourg Gardens, this space is ideal for trips to Paris. Well-decorated with antiques furniture, it is much larger than a typical Parisian hotel room. The flat is located close to well-known cafés/ restaurants, the renowned shopping district of St Germain des Pres, St Sulpice church (with a chapel decorated by Eugène Delacroix), the famous fountain at St Michel and the Sorbonne University. The Pantheon, the Cluny Museum and Notre Dame cathedral are also within a short walk from the apartment. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of the Seine, to explore the art dealers and the antiques galleries it is"	"Chic and trendy flat of a photographer artist in heart of Saint Germain des Pres, you'll stay in a 17th century historitical monument.   A wonderful Parisian apartment with view over a private yard, this flat is ideally located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement. Filled with afternoon light and just a block away from the famous Luxembourg Gardens, this space is ideal for trips to Paris. Well-decorated with antiques furniture, it is much larger than a typical Parisian hotel room. The flat is located close to well-known cafés/ restaurants, the renowned shopping district of St Germain des Pres, St Sulpice church (with a chapel decorated by Eugène Delacroix), the famous fountain at St Michel and the Sorbonne University. The Pantheon, the Cluny Museum and Notre Dame cathedral are also within a short walk from the apartment. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of the Seine, to explore the art dealers and the antiques galleries it is"
16262		We welcome you into our serene home 300 meters from the Luxembourg Garden and 100 meters from the Observatory Garden. Each room is has a unique mood, and the apartment as a whole is a collage from all our travels around the world.
16263	"Cet appart chaleureux est également l'Atelier de ""MonMarin"", une jeune artiste parisienne en ballade (...) . Rempli de soleil, de créations et de musique, vous pourrez confortablement y poser vos valises !  Dans le calme, situé au pied de l'Eglise Saint-Sulpice, vous choisirez votre fenêtre pour contempler les toits de Paris (...) L'appartement: Une cuisine américaine avec plaque vitro-céramiques , frigo , congélateur machine à café, lave-vaisselle  Salon avec double exposition, un grand canapé (possibilité de couchage confortable!), ventilateur, télévision - acces internet wi-fi Chambre avec 1 grand lit 2 places Salle de bain avec douche et toilettes ----------------- This warm apartment is also the Artist Studio of ""MonMarin"", a young Parisian artist in stroll (...). Filled with sun, creations and music, you will comfortably put down your luggage there!  Peacefully, you will choose your window to contemplate Paris' roofs (...) The apartment: An American kitchen with plate vitreous ce"	"Bienvenue chez vous ! (...) pour un jour, ou deux, ou plus ! Un joli deux pièces de 35m2 au coeur du quartier Latin . ---- My home is your home ! (...) for one day, or two, or more! An attractive 35m2 in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Cet appart chaleureux est également l'Atelier de ""MonMarin"", une jeune artiste parisienne en ballade (...) . Rempli de soleil, de créations et de musique, vous pourrez confortablement y poser vos valises !  Dans le calme, situé au pied de l'Eglise Saint-Sulpice, vous choisirez votre fenêtre pour contempler les toits de Paris (...) L'appartement: Une cuisine américaine avec plaque vitro-céramiques , frigo , congélateur machine à café, lave-vaisselle  Salon avec double exposition, un grand canapé (possibilité de couchage confortable!), ventilateur, télévision - acces internet wi-fi Chambre avec 1 grand lit 2 places Salle de bain avec douche et toilettes ----------------- This warm apartment is also the Artist Studio of ""MonMarin"", a young Parisian artist i"
16264	Delightful apartment for 1-4 persons in the Saint Germain des Prés (Latin Quarter) area, with charming view, 2 bedrooms and luxury amenities. At a much lower price than a small hotel room, you will stay in an unrivalled position, near renowned shops and unique attractions. Nearly all Paris sites can be simply reached by walk, and it's just a little pleasant stroll to Notre Dame, the Louvre, the Orsay Museum, the Champs Elysées, the Marais, the Beaubourg and many others. The apartment, which is only a few mt. from a covered parking, is also near to 3 metro lines, 14 bus lines, 2 urban railways. Just a few minutes from the direct train to Eurodisney. A lesser accommodation would be more expensive! Nice 30 m2 (323 sq. ft.) calm apartment located in a historic building, furnished with autonomous air conditioned, unlimited central heating available night and day and double glass windows. The apartment is also provided with telephone for long distance free calls and free wireless or cable br	Delightful apartment for 4 persons in the heart of Paris (Saint Germain des Prés), in a 17th century building, with wooden beams and floor, 2 bedrooms and luxury amenities. Delightful apartment for 1-4 persons in the Saint Germain des Prés (Latin Quarter) area, with charming view, 2 bedrooms and luxury amenities. At a much lower price than a small hotel room, you will stay in an unrivalled position, near renowned shops and unique attractions. Nearly all Paris sites can be simply reached by walk, and it's just a little pleasant stroll to Notre Dame, the Louvre, the Orsay Museum, the Champs Elysées, the Marais, the Beaubourg and many others. The apartment, which is only a few mt. from a covered parking, is also near to 3 metro lines, 14 bus lines, 2 urban railways. Just a few minutes from the direct train to Eurodisney. A lesser accommodation would be more expensive! Nice 30 m2 (323 sq. ft.) calm apartment located in a historic building, furnished with autonomous air conditioned, unlimit
16265	L'appartement est calme avec beaucoup de soleil. Il est idéalement situé en plein centre de Paris !	Un superbe appartement familial très lumineux, en plein centre de Paris et à 50 m du jardin du Luxembourg. Idéal pour accéder à tous les sites historiques de Paris. L'appartement est calme avec beaucoup de soleil. Il est idéalement situé en plein centre de Paris ! Vous pourrez profiter de l'ensemble du logement avec quatre vraies chambres :  - 3 avec lit double - 1 avec lit simple En bonus possibilité d'utiliser le canapé convertible en lit 2 places dans le salon Cuisine, salon/salle à manger  1 salle de bain + 1 WC 1 WC indépendant 1 salle de douche J'habite cet appartement et le mets à disposition pendant mon absence (quelques week-end et pendant les vacances d'été). Je ne serai donc pas présent durant le séjour. Le quartier est très commerçant, beaucoup de belles boutiques, le jardin du Luxembourg à 2 pas est un vrai bonheur. Il est préférable d'utiliser les transports en commun, 2 lignes de bus passent en bas de l'appartement, sinon ligne 4 et 12 du métro Parisien. Quelques jouets 
16266	Enter in history - as you will see on the building façade before entering - here lived Blaise Pascal, a famous, 17th century French mathematician, physicist, inventor and writer. This warm apartment, fully renovated in 2015, overlooks a peaceful courtyard and is decorated and furnished in a rustic French style - in other words: it's gorgeous. Everything is provided to make you enjoy a wonderful moment for 2 to 4 travellers looking for more privacy and space than a hotel could offer with a priority on location and convenience. Why don't you taste an authentic charming experience during your next trip to Paris? A très Bientôt !	This incredibly charming one bed room apartment near Saint Germain des Pres is nestled in one of the most celebrated areas of Paris: the Latin Quarter. Fully renovated in 2015 to make you enjoy a wonderful moment for 2 to 4 travelers. A très Bientôt! Enter in history - as you will see on the building façade before entering - here lived Blaise Pascal, a famous, 17th century French mathematician, physicist, inventor and writer. This warm apartment, fully renovated in 2015, overlooks a peaceful courtyard and is decorated and furnished in a rustic French style - in other words: it's gorgeous. Everything is provided to make you enjoy a wonderful moment for 2 to 4 travellers looking for more privacy and space than a hotel could offer with a priority on location and convenience. Why don't you taste an authentic charming experience during your next trip to Paris? A très Bientôt ! This incredibly charming, one bed room apartment near Saint Germain des Pres is nested in the heart of one of the m
16267	***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with wooden floor with high ceiling. It is located in the famous Rue Saint André des Arts, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This spacious apartment is located in the historic heart of Paris, at the crossroads between Saint Germain des Prés and le Quartier Latin. This 45sqm apartment offers a living-room with a sofa-bed for two, a sitting area and a flat TV screen, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with a shower, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 3rd floor of a 17th century building (no lift). The classic Parisian architecture and typical interior give a lot of character and make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin 	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris! Feel the atmosphere of the Ancient time and get lost in Saint Germain-des-Près. Experience the life in Paris in one of the most historical district of the city. ***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with wooden floor with high ceiling. It is located in the famous Rue Saint André des Arts, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This spacious apartment is located in the historic heart of Paris, at the crossroads between Saint Germain des Prés and le Quartier Latin. This 45sqm apartment offers a living-room with a sofa-bed for two, a sitting area and a flat TV screen, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with a shower, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 3rd floor of a 17th century building (no lift). The classic Parisian architecture and typical interior give
16268	This 3rd floor, 75 square-metre apartment has 1 main bedroom, and 1 child bedroom or study, a large living room, and a dining room with a fully-equipped open-plan kitchen. The bathroom has a washbasin and a combined bath/shower. There is a separate toilet and plenty of storage space.  The large living room enjoys charming views over Rue d’Assas through four large windows and has a period fireplace. The ceilings have original period mouldings and the whole apartment is fitted with traditional parquet flooring. It features fibre optic cable on the flat screen TV and is tastefully decorated with quality furnishings, including a Chesterfield leather sofa. 	This large 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom bright and spacious apartment is on the third floor of a very quiet residence in the Notre Dame des Champs area of the 6th Arrondissement, a few steps from the Jardin de l’Observatoire and the Jardin du Luxembourg. This 3rd floor, 75 square-metre apartment has 1 main bedroom, and 1 child bedroom or study, a large living room, and a dining room with a fully-equipped open-plan kitchen. The bathroom has a washbasin and a combined bath/shower. There is a separate toilet and plenty of storage space.  The large living room enjoys charming views over Rue d’Assas through four large windows and has a period fireplace. The ceilings have original period mouldings and the whole apartment is fitted with traditional parquet flooring. It features fibre optic cable on the flat screen TV and is tastefully decorated with quality furnishings, including a Chesterfield leather sofa.  The full apartment is rented.  FEATURES - 1 large bedroom, 1 study/office, 1 bathroom.  - 7
16269	The 23 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, sofa, coffee table, TV, DVD, home cinema, hard wood floor. The 6 square meters open kitchen is equipped with : a bar with 2 bar stools, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combo oven-microwave, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in shelves, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. Bedroom 1: The 10 square meters bedroom is open over the bathroom 1 and has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : double bed (1.40m), 2 bedside tables, built-in wall closet, wall to wall carpet floor. The 3 square meters bathroom is open over the bedroom 1 . It is equipped with : washbasin, bathtub with showerhead, wall to wall carpet floor, 1 separated toilet in the apartment. Bedroom 2: The 8 square meters bedroom is contiguous to the bathroom 2 and has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : double sofa bed, b	Charming 55 square meters, 2 Bedroom,is located in the Left Bank community (2ndFloor), it sleeps 4 people equipped with: washer, dishwasher,TV, internet access with the wifi, DVD. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The building is equipped with security code. The 23 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, sofa, coffee table, TV, DVD, home cinema, hard wood floor. The 6 square meters open kitchen is equipped with : a bar with 2 bar stools, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combo oven-microwave, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in shelves, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. Bedroom 1: The 10 square meters bedroom is open over the bathroom 1 and has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : double bed (1.40m), 2 bedside tables, built-in wall closet, wall to wall carpet floor. The 3 square meters bathroo
16270	Lovely sunny apartment of 70m2 in a building dating from the 17th century. Featuring two bedrooms, large lounge, a beautiful tiled bathroom, ample storage space and a functional kitchen. Quality furniture.	Lovely sunny apartment of 70m2 in a building dating from the 17th century. Featuring two bedrooms, large lounge, a beautiful tiled bathroom, ample storage space and a functional kitchen. Quality furniture. Guests staying at this charming flat, you will be transported, time for a walk, strolling in the heart of the legendary Saint Germain des Prés. Nearby attractions and well served by public transport, the charming Hotel Le Recamier has a location in Saint Germain des Prés to discover Paris in peace. The unique location of Hotel Recamier in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés in Paris, you will stroll through the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens, to enjoy the prestigious program of the Théâtre de l'Odéon, or make shopping in luxury boutiques to Saint Sulpice. Metro line 4 : Saint Germain des près line 10 : mabillon Bus : station Saint Sulpice / rue du Four Si vous reservez pour deux personnes, vous aurez accès à la chambre attenant au salon. Si vous reservez pour plus de 2, vous aurez accè
16271	Under the roofs in the st-germain neighborhood in a 17th century building. 	Quiet 2-room flat in the heart of lively St-Germain, in a 17th century building.  4th floor, separate bedroom, spacious dining/living-room with extra double bed, sunbathed with a double exposure. Fully equiped kitchen.  For up to 4 travellers.
16272		Au cœur de St-Germain-des-Prés, mon appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier de culture, de shopping et de divertissement. Il s’agit d’un véritable atelier d'artiste avec des prestations vous permettant de passer un agréable séjour. A proximité : Supermarchés, Banque, Pharmacie, Poste. Boutiques de luxes, Café de Flore, Brasserie Lipp, Les Deux Magots, Eglise St-Germain-des-près... A moins de 100 mètres :  - Stations de métro = St-Germain-Des-Près, Mabillon. - Bus. Il comprend : Au rez-de-chaussée : une cuisine équipée, un salon - salle à manger, avec un lit simple et un canapé-lit king-size, une salle de bains (baignoire) et des WC séparés. Sur la mezzanine : un coin chambre (lit double 140 x 190) avec une salle de douche attenante. Vous serez charmés par ce beau volume situé au calme, au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble sécurisé de standing, donnant sur une petite cour arborée.  *Compris dans le prix : draps, serviettes de toilette + ménage de sortie.
16273	Romantic pleasant apartment perfectly located in the very center of the lively sought-after 6th arrondissement of Paris, between Saint-Germain-des Pres and Saint Michel. The studio is 27 m² (291 sq. ft.), situated on the 5th floor of a small 6 story 17th century building without elevator. It consists of an entrance, a bright spacious living-room with 2 windows looking onto the street, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with tub/shower. Intended for 2 guests, it has been recently renovated (floors, toilet, washbasin) and fully redecorated in 2012. Secure access to the building with a code pad on the street and a second locked door inside opening into the staircase. The sofabed in the living-room is a real convertible sofa with mechanism, easy to manipulate pull-out bed (opposite to a simple click-clack), bought from a parisian specialist. The sofa is about 180 cm long; it can be unfolded in 3 just pulling out one handle, to become a comfortable double bed, with a firm quality mattr	Spacious, cozy bright and perfectly located studio for 2 persons. Romantic pleasant apartment perfectly located in the very center of the lively sought-after 6th arrondissement of Paris, between Saint-Germain-des Pres and Saint Michel. The studio is 27 m² (291 sq. ft.), situated on the 5th floor of a small 6 story 17th century building without elevator. It consists of an entrance, a bright spacious living-room with 2 windows looking onto the street, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with tub/shower. Intended for 2 guests, it has been recently renovated (floors, toilet, washbasin) and fully redecorated in 2012. Secure access to the building with a code pad on the street and a second locked door inside opening into the staircase. The sofabed in the living-room is a real convertible sofa with mechanism, easy to manipulate pull-out bed (opposite to a simple click-clack), bought from a parisian specialist. The sofa is about 180 cm long; it can be unfolded in 3 just pulling out one han
16274	You will be in a small studio, in the centre of Paris. you can use everything you need, kitchen, tv, internet, fridge etc. I have a bed 2 places and an extra mattress . 	I rent my beautiful studio, is situated in the heart of Paris, le quartier Latin, close to Montparnasse, Luxembourg garden, pantheon, saint Michel! My studio is small 13m2 ,  for 1 person is perfect, for 2 is ok walking you can arrive everywhere. You will be in a small studio, in the centre of Paris. you can use everything you need, kitchen, tv, internet, fridge etc. I have a bed 2 places and an extra mattress . You will have access to my house, internet, tv, kitchen, etc. I won't be at home ,I will leave the studio for you. Hey Guys! Is the quartier Latin, You are close to Pantheon, Luxembourg garden, tour montparnasse, Saint Michel etc. You have 2 super market so close, restaurants and bars. From the airport RER B, Port Royal. Metro 6 or 4 stop Raspail.
16275	Charming apartment completely renovated on the first floor without lift. There is a bedroom for 2 people (2 single beds) with a large closet. A bathroom with a shower and a bathroom furniture sink. The toilets are separated. Fully equipped small kitchen in the corridor overlooks the living room, with table for dining, and 2 sofa / beds, TV, Hifi and Internet. Opportunity to stay in 4 people. The bedroom overlooks the street side of Notre Dame des Champs, which is a quiet street and side lounge windows overlook the Boulevard. There is double glazing to all windows. The metro Vavin is 5 minutes walk. Apartment located near to the restaurant La Closerie des Lilas, 5 minutes walking from the Jardin du Luxembourg. Direct access to Orly and Roissy airports by RER B station Port Royal at 2 minutes. 	Charming apartment completely renovated on the first floor without lift. There is a bedroom for 2 people (2 single beds) with a large closet. A bathroom with a shower and a bathroom furniture sink. The toilets are separated. Fully equipped small kitchen in the corridor overlooks the living room, with table for dining, and 2 sofa / beds, TV, Hifi and Internet. Opportunity to stay in 4 people. The bedroom overlooks the street side of Notre Dame des Champs, which is a quiet street and side lounge windows overlook the Boulevard. There is double glazing to all windows. The metro Vavin is 5 minutes walk. Apartment located near to the restaurant La Closerie des Lilas, 5 minutes walking from the Jardin du Luxembourg. Direct access to Orly and Roissy airports by RER B station Port Royal at 2 minutes. 
16276	Ancien atelier de Fernand Léger grand peintre du XXème siècle très lumineux.	Quartier Luxembourg/Montparnasse, immeuble historique Gustave Eiffel, ancien atelier d'artiste ( Fernand Léger ) de 80m2 avec une hauteur sous plafond de 6m50, parquet, loggia, cuisine américaine ( lave-linge, micro onde, machine à café, TV,...), idéal pour un couple. Femme de ménage à dispo, digicode, proche métro Vavin, Raspail, Notre-dame des champs, RER Port-Royal et Luxembourg. Ancien atelier de Fernand Léger grand peintre du XXème siècle très lumineux. Je serai disponible pour répondre a vos questions et vous donner quelques conseils et bonnes adresses à Paris. Proche du Jardin du Luxembourg, de la tour Montparnasse, du quartier Latin et de Saint Germain des près, belles promenades, cinémas, bars, restaurants,... Metro Vavin - Raspail - Notre dame des champs RER Port Royal - Luxembourg ( aéroport CDG à 30 minutes / Orly à 20 minutes )
16277	The apartment is split into a small living area with a kitchenette and the bedroom with a real two person bed(no pull out sofa). Two balconies with an amazing view.  Small bathroom with shower in the apartment.	At the heart of one of Paris' nicest areas Saint Germain Des Pres. On the sixth floor. Has a two person bed separated from a small living area. The apartment is split into a small living area with a kitchenette and the bedroom with a real two person bed(no pull out sofa). Two balconies with an amazing view.  Small bathroom with shower in the apartment. Wi-Fi internet and TV. Fridge. I can recommend good places to eat in the area as well as things to visit and see throughout your stay. There's always so much to do in Paris, you'll need a guide! Right in the center of Paris is Saint Germain Des Pres, famous for being the literary and cultural heart of Paris.  There's many cafes and restaurants around the apartment as well as a large supermarket just around the corner.  The apartment is a 10 minute walk away to the Seine and the beautiful Pont Des Arts or 5 minutes away from the Jardin du Luxembourg. Metro Saint Germain Des Pres(line 4) stop right outside of the apartment. Another stop, S
16278	This lovely flat has just been entirely renovated and is located on the 5th floor (with elevator). It is in a prime location in the Latin Quarter and completely quiet. Views include the Eiffel tower and the Pantheon among many other historic buildings. From the courtyard facing bedroom, the ensuite bathroom and the kitchen you have smashing views on trees around Place Furstemberg and on Montmartre and many historic buildings on the other side of the Seine.  Some consider this street as one of the most desirable residential streets in Paris. The apartment is near Place St. Germain where you will find taxis, the metro station and underground parkings. It is just a short walk to the Seine, the Louvre and the Luxembourg Gardens. Some of the best restaurants, grocery and clothing shops are right on hand as well as the famous Cafe Les Deux Magots and Cafe Flore.  Flat details: The flat comprises 160 sqm (about 1750 sq feet) and consists of a large modern living room, a traditional dining roo	Beautiful 1700 sqft on the 5th floor (with elevator) in a 19th century building in a quiet side street of St.Germain des Pres. South facing sunlit flat with a very long balcony and splendid views, 3 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms and a guest WC.  This lovely flat has just been entirely renovated and is located on the 5th floor (with elevator). It is in a prime location in the Latin Quarter and completely quiet. Views include the Eiffel tower and the Pantheon among many other historic buildings. From the courtyard facing bedroom, the ensuite bathroom and the kitchen you have smashing views on trees around Place Furstemberg and on Montmartre and many historic buildings on the other side of the Seine.  Some consider this street as one of the most desirable residential streets in Paris. The apartment is near Place St. Germain where you will find taxis, the metro station and underground parkings. It is just a short walk to the Seine, the Louvre and the Luxembourg Gardens. Some of the best resta
16279	This modern and charming Parisian apartment has a spacious and bright living room. Equipped with two large convertible couches that can host 2 guests overnight and a dinning space. The living room is the heart of this property.  You will also find a recently refurbished and fully equipped kitchen for your convenience.  The bedroom is bright luminous and has a stylish open bathroom adding personality to this room. The toilets are separated for your convenience. The apartment comes with hotel-standard services: bed linen and towels provided, cosmetic products, concierge service, cleaning service included. This apartment is located a few meters away from the docks and Notre Dame Cathedral. In the south you can enjoy the lively neighbourhood of Saint-Germains des Près with its numerous restaurants, shops, cinemas and others. The closest metro stations are Saint-Germains-des-Prés, Mabillon and Pont Neuf.	Ideally located 6th district of Paris and a few minutes away from Notre Dame and Saint Germain des Prés, this property is suitable for both leisure and business travellers. This modern and charming Parisian apartment has a spacious and bright living room. Equipped with two large convertible couches that can host 2 guests overnight and a dinning space. The living room is the heart of this property.  You will also find a recently refurbished and fully equipped kitchen for your convenience.  The bedroom is bright luminous and has a stylish open bathroom adding personality to this room. The toilets are separated for your convenience. The apartment comes with hotel-standard services: bed linen and towels provided, cosmetic products, concierge service, cleaning service included. This apartment is located a few meters away from the docks and Notre Dame Cathedral. In the south you can enjoy the lively neighbourhood of Saint-Germains des Près with its numerous restaurants, shops, cinemas and ot
16280	When you've had your dose of the city for the day, come home to your own private piece of Paris.  Pour yourself a glass of wine, settle into a leather club chair and take in the Haussmannian architecture of the buildings across the way. Eating in? The kitchen is well-equipped - high end appliances, food processor, espresso maker, and sharp knives.  Also in the kitchen, a washing machine (no dryer). Open the dining room windows while you eat and you're almost dining al fresco.  After dinner, step out onto the balcony to enjoy your coffee and the breeze in the leaves of the trees on the boulevard below. The two bedrooms each have their own bath, and are situated on opposite ends of the apartment. Both have mirror-topped fireplaces and original, sculptured ceilings.  Mattresses are firm, linens are pure cotton, and pillows are natural latex or goose down. The first bedroom has a European queen bed (a bit wider than a US queen).  The adjacent bathroom opens onto the same hallway and has a 	6th district, parquet floors, marble fireplaces, floor to ceiling windows overlooking the tree-lined boulevard.... Our spacious, city-center apartment — just 3 blocks from the Luxembourg Gardens — is Paris the way you always dreamed it would be When you've had your dose of the city for the day, come home to your own private piece of Paris.  Pour yourself a glass of wine, settle into a leather club chair and take in the Haussmannian architecture of the buildings across the way. Eating in? The kitchen is well-equipped - high end appliances, food processor, espresso maker, and sharp knives.  Also in the kitchen, a washing machine (no dryer). Open the dining room windows while you eat and you're almost dining al fresco.  After dinner, step out onto the balcony to enjoy your coffee and the breeze in the leaves of the trees on the boulevard below. The two bedrooms each have their own bath, and are situated on opposite ends of the apartment. Both have mirror-topped fireplaces and original, sc
16281		Unique 2 bedrooms nicely furnished, fully equiped, very close from anything you need (restaurants, shops, monuments, transports, jardins du Luxembourg, etc.).  Ready to welcome you...
16282	You will find everyting you need to live comfortably inside : fridge, microwave-grill oven, sink, cook-top, laundry machine, bathtube ... Besides my large bed, I also have a sofabed if you need 	"Rue Vavin, 50m from Luxembourg Garden, the ""Central Park"" of Paris.  At the third and last floor, you will find a cosy, quiet and clean place with eveything you need to enjoy your stay! You will find everyting you need to live comfortably inside : fridge, microwave-grill oven, sink, cook-top, laundry machine, bathtube ... Besides my large bed, I also have a sofabed if you need Bedding and towels are provided. + also High-speed internet and WIFI, HD TV with french and few international tv channels I'll be glad to welcome you and giving you any tips about Paris! Really nice district just near Luxembourg Garden and Montparnasse. Few market and grocery stores all around (even a Bio one), boutique shops, movie theaters, clubs ,bars and parisian cafés. Several public transports all around - Notre-Dame des Champs Metro 12 - Vavin Metro 4 - Port-Royal RER B + Bus  Courtyard view, calm"
16283		Warm and welcoming studio, centrally located in Paris.
16284	The place has 10m2 with shower and sink (hot water). 1 single bed, WIFI. There's a kitchen with fridge, cooker, dishes etc. The studio is in the 7th floor there is lift until 6th then some stairs.	This room is located in near to Bon marché, Saint Germain de près and you can enjoy the amenities of the area, with its many theaters, restaurants, and shopping. The place has 10m2 with shower and sink (hot water). 1 single bed, WIFI. There's a kitchen with fridge, cooker, dishes etc. The studio is in the 7th floor there is lift until 6th then some stairs. A 5 min walk from the Montparnasse Tower, Vaneau station (line 10) and you have near the lines 4, 6, 12 and 13, you can easily move up (15 minutes to Champs Elysees and the Eiffel Tower for example). You can walk to the Luxembourg Garden.
16285	Best location in the heart of Saint Germain des prés, next to Café de Flore, Saint Sulpice church and Luxembourg garden. Romantic and designed flat CLEAN, SUNNY and QUIET. Totaly renewed in 2014. Perfect for a couple. Just see our last guest comments ! We give good tips !  fully furnished and equipped kitchen, flat screen TV with English channels, washing machine.	Best location in the heart of Saint Germain des prés, next to Café de Flore, Saint Sulpice church and Luxembourg garden. Romantic and designed flat CLEAN, SUNNY and QUIET. Perfect for a couple. Just see our last guest comments ! We give good tips ! Best location in the heart of Saint Germain des prés, next to Café de Flore, Saint Sulpice church and Luxembourg garden. Romantic and designed flat CLEAN, SUNNY and QUIET. Totaly renewed in 2014. Perfect for a couple. Just see our last guest comments ! We give good tips !  fully furnished and equipped kitchen, flat screen TV with English channels, washing machine. 1 minute from Métro/Bus/Taxis and bicycle public rental. Mail, talk and meet Best of Paris, safe, central, historical, museum, best restaurant, nightlife, cafés, boulangeries... We edited a guide with our best restaurant, cafés, shops... Cab, Train, Métro, bicycle We love to show our real Paris. We are not real estate agent...
16286	Posez vos valises dans ce bel appartement de 2 pièces sur 35 m2. La grande pièce à vivre se compose d'un séjour confortable avec son espace dînatoire. Un grand placard avec bureau facilitera vos déplacements professionnels. Une cuisine indépendante entièrement équipée vous permettra de profiter au maximum de votre séjour. Quant à la chambre, elle pourra accueillir 2 personnes confortablement et se compose d'espaces de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une grande salle de bain et des toilettes séparés viennent compléter cet appartement idéalement situé dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. The Apartment Features: Living room with TV and dining room area Separated and fully furnished kitchen Double bedroom with closet Bathroom Free Wifi Throughout Montparnasse area, near The Jardin du Luxembourg	Séjournez dans ce beau 2 pièces confortable à la décoration soignée et à deux pas des transports en commun! Posez vos valises dans ce bel appartement de 2 pièces sur 35 m2. La grande pièce à vivre se compose d'un séjour confortable avec son espace dînatoire. Un grand placard avec bureau facilitera vos déplacements professionnels. Une cuisine indépendante entièrement équipée vous permettra de profiter au maximum de votre séjour. Quant à la chambre, elle pourra accueillir 2 personnes confortablement et se compose d'espaces de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une grande salle de bain et des toilettes séparés viennent compléter cet appartement idéalement situé dans le 6ème arrondissement de Paris. The Apartment Features: Living room with TV and dining room area Separated and fully furnished kitchen Double bedroom with closet Bathroom Free Wifi Throughout Montparnasse area, near The Jardin du Luxembourg Situé sur la rue de Vaugirard, dans le célèbre quartier de Saint Placide, vous ser
16287	All furnished 1 bedroom apartment, 50m2. Calm and sunny apt, located in the heart of Paris. 6th district.  Up to 4 people. Large windows in every room. Beams and wooden floor. Design & cosy furnished. Building very secure.   Greatly situated in a calm little street.  Charming and sunny apt, parisian style and cosy atmospher.  You are really in the heart of Paris, everything is just few steps from this apt.  Food market, bistrot, bars, shopping, museums, garden, metros and buses, etc...  Apt located on the first floor, very secure building, one apt each floor, calm and friendly ambiance.   (email hidden) 2 mn to Jardin du Luxembourg, la Fontaine Saint Michel, Odéon, le musée du Moyen-âge, the Seine.  5 minutes to Notre Dame de Paris, Saint Germain des près (Art Galleries, old trendy Paris), Ile Saint Louis 10 minutes to Chatelet, to Hotel de Ville (Mayor), le Bon Marché (7th district, Sèvres Babylones)  15 minutes to Saint Paul, le Marais  Closest Metro: Cluny-la-Sorbone (1mn by foot) ;	All furnished 1 bedroom apartment, 50m2. Calm and sunny apt, located in the heart of Paris. 6th district.  Up to 4 people. Large windows in every room. Beams and wooden floor. Design&cosy furnished. Building very secure.   All furnished 1 bedroom apartment, 50m2. Calm and sunny apt, located in the heart of Paris. 6th district.  Up to 4 people. Large windows in every room. Beams and wooden floor. Design & cosy furnished. Building very secure.   Greatly situated in a calm little street.  Charming and sunny apt, parisian style and cosy atmospher.  You are really in the heart of Paris, everything is just few steps from this apt.  Food market, bistrot, bars, shopping, museums, garden, metros and buses, etc...  Apt located on the first floor, very secure building, one apt each floor, calm and friendly ambiance.   (email hidden) 2 mn to Jardin du Luxembourg, la Fontaine Saint Michel, Odéon, le musée du Moyen-âge, the Seine.  5 minutes to Notre Dame de Paris, Saint Germain des près (Art Galler
16288		Idéalement situé face à l'entrée du jardin du Luxembourg, 10min à pied de Saint Germain des près, Saint Michel et Notre Dame, ce grand studio très fonctionnel de 40m2 pourra accueillir 2 personnes (+1) pour un séjour typiquement parisien à quelques centaines de mètres des sites historiques de la capitale.
16289	"1 large living room with kitchen full equiped (tv, micro waves with oven, internet..)  1 sofa NO CONVERTIBLE but ok for one ""little"" person or child.  1 bedroom with large bed (14(website hidden)), dressing.  1 bathroom with shower, hairdryer."	"Nice flat 40m2 with bedroom in st germain des pres, front Of ""le bon marché""  On the first floor In charmant building 1 large living room with kitchen full equiped (tv, micro waves with oven, internet..)  1 sofa NO CONVERTIBLE but ok for one ""little"" person or child.  1 bedroom with large bed (14(website hidden)), dressing.  1 bathroom with shower, hairdryer. Idealy located, in heart of 6th district, chic, historical and touristic ,safe and calme building,realy close from subway and Metro, taxi, shops, outside market, supermarket, restaurants bars...(less than 1 mn), lot Of very famous shops like Hermès, longchamp. 5 MINUTES WALKING DISTANCE  The apartment is located in the 6th district just between Church Of St. Germain des près. Metro 1min walk : métro Vaneau ou sevrés Babylone  Taxi Station : 1 min walk  Near Flat :  - Supermarket  - Tabac  - Restaurants  - Market  - lot of little shops - 1 large living room :   > 1   > Large television   > internet WIFI   > Hifi Sound - Kitchen Ful"
16290	The apartment is a two bedroom apartment each bedroom is equipped with double bed, side tables and lights. The windows are equipped with shutters. There are two bathrooms: the first has bath tub, toilette & sink; the second is equipped with shower and sink. There is also a separate guest toilet. The Kitchen is equipped wirh an electronic stove, dishwasher, clothes washer, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, kettle toaster dishes etc. The living room has a dinining corner table six chairs and aliving quarter Sofabed, arm chairs,coffee table, TV and internet 	This two bedroom two bathroom, guest WC is fully equipped and can sleep six. The living room tastefully decorated and fully equipped. Kitchen  fully equipped dish washer microwave etc. Dining table chairs. Great Location Jardin Luxembour (website hidden) Internet etc included. Great for family holiday or with friends. The apartment is a two bedroom apartment each bedroom is equipped with double bed, side tables and lights. The windows are equipped with shutters. There are two bathrooms: the first has bath tub, toilette & sink; the second is equipped with shower and sink. There is also a separate guest toilet. The Kitchen is equipped wirh an electronic stove, dishwasher, clothes washer, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, kettle toaster dishes etc. The living room has a dinining corner table six chairs and aliving quarter Sofabed, arm chairs,coffee table, TV and internet  This apartment is located centrally with good acces to most parts of the city. Its proximity to the Jardin Luxemb
16291	 The classic Parisian architecture and atypical interior with stone walls and beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience to parisian life. In the very heart of Saint Germain the flat is just a few minutes on foot to the Luxembourg garden, Saint Sulpice place, famous cafe (Le café de Flore, Les deus Magots), Latin quarter, Louvre museum… Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. This is also the perfect area for shopping. Equipment of the flat : WIFI, TV, micro wave, ceramic glass cooktop, double-glazed window... Metro stations around : Saint Sulpice (line 4), Saint Germain (line 4), Eglise Saint Sulpice ( line 95 & 96) and Velib stations (bikes) This place is perfect for a couple or one single person. The owner puts a particular emphasis on cleanliness & service (flexible check in times giving customers peace of mind), will make sure your stay is	 The classic Parisian architecture and atypical interior with stone walls and beams with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience to parisian life. In the very heart of Saint Germain the flat is just a few minutes on foot to the Luxembourg garden, Saint Sulpice place, famous cafe (Le café de Flore, Les deus Magots), Latin quarter, Louvre museum… Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. This is also the perfect area for shopping. Equipment of the flat : WIFI, TV, micro wave, ceramic glass cooktop, double-glazed window... Metro stations around : Saint Sulpice (line 4), Saint Germain (line 4), Eglise Saint Sulpice ( line 95 & 96) and Velib stations (bikes) This place is perfect for a couple or one single person. The owner puts a particular emphasis on cleanliness & service (flexible check in times giving customers peace of mind), will make sure your stay is
16292	You will appreciate the calm, the comfort, and the ideal location of the apartment. 	Large family apartment (150m2). Consists of 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a large dining room, and a beautiful and spacious living room.  The street is very quiet, and is situated at the heart of the left bank, opposite the Louvre.   You will appreciate the calm, the comfort, and the ideal location of the apartment.  The apartment is at the heart of the left bank, the artistic and cultural quarter of Paris. The neighboring streets are filled with numerous galleries. You are minutes away from Le boulevard saint Germain, with its boutiques and iconic cafés such as Le Flore and Les Deux Magots. On the other side, you can access the Seine  You are close to three metro stops: saint Germain des pres, mabillon, and odéon. There are also a lot of buses. 
16293	This charming loft in the heart of the Left Bank is the perfect place to experience your summer stay in Paris: The entire apartment has a bay window that offers a view to some of the major monuments of the city: The Eiffel tower, the Invalides coupole and the Sacre Coeur Basilica. You'll be able to enjoy breakfasts, lunches and dinners in our cute little terrace while enjoying the view, stunning by day ( a lot of sunlight gets through our window) and by night (with all major buildings lit in an spectacular way). This loft style apartment includes a big room with view to the Eiffel tower, a  living room with a sofa bed for two that opens up to a luminous terrace, and a well equipped kitchen (stoves, oven, dishwasher, washing machine). Its contemporary and carefully chosen decoration adds to the charm of the place, ideal for a couple in the search of a romantic getaway or a small group of friends looking for an adventure in the city. 	This charming loft in the heart of the Left Bank offers you the occassion to live an adventure in the heart of Paris. You'll be: - Only 10 minutes by walk of the chic and famous quartier of Saint Germain des Pres, where Simone de Beauvoir and Jean P This charming loft in the heart of the Left Bank is the perfect place to experience your summer stay in Paris: The entire apartment has a bay window that offers a view to some of the major monuments of the city: The Eiffel tower, the Invalides coupole and the Sacre Coeur Basilica. You'll be able to enjoy breakfasts, lunches and dinners in our cute little terrace while enjoying the view, stunning by day ( a lot of sunlight gets through our window) and by night (with all major buildings lit in an spectacular way). This loft style apartment includes a big room with view to the Eiffel tower, a  living room with a sofa bed for two that opens up to a luminous terrace, and a well equipped kitchen (stoves, oven, dishwasher, washing machine). Its co
16294	This lovely 3 bedroom apartment is located in central Paris in the 6th arrondissment on the 4th floor of a well mantained building with elevator. One large bedroom with bathroom and big single bed, another 2 large bedrooms with double beds. Beautiful living room and kitchen. Cable TV, WIFI and all amenities.  Next to all sites, movie theatres, museums, shopping, etc. Restaurants, bistros, nightlife, all are very close within walking distance. Metro stops Duroc, or Montparnasse Bienvenüe are less than a 5 min walk. Several supermarkets nearby. Great shopping as well, Rue de Rennes, Bon Marché, and Galeries Lafayette in Tour Montparnasse are also a few steps away. The pictures of one of the rooms are on my other listing!	This lovely 3 bedroom apartment is located in central Paris in the 6th arrondissment on the 4th floor of a well mantained building with elevator. One large bedroom with bathroom and big single bed, another 2 large bedrooms with double beds. Beautiful living room and kitchen. Cable TV, WIFI and all amenities.  Next to all sites, movie theatres, museums, shopping, etc. Restaurants, bistros, nightlife, all are very close within walking distance. Metro stops Duroc, or Montparnasse Bienvenüe are less than a 5 min walk. Several supermarkets nearby. Great shopping as well, Rue de Rennes, Bon Marché, and Galeries Lafayette in Tour Montparnasse are also a few steps away. The pictures of one of the rooms are on my other listing! Montparnasse station Metro line 6, 13, 12, or 4. Duroc Station Metro line 10 and 13. Buses (phone number hidden) and night bus network. There is also velib bikes to rent with stations all over Paris.
16295	Вся дополнительная информация и фото по мэйлу.	A very nice studio located in the center of Paris : 5 min walk from Luxembourg Gardens, 10 minutes from Notre Dame de Paris and Saint- Michel, 2 min from Metro. Shower, kitchenette, fridge, squat toilet on the floor. Details and photos by email.
16296	The appartment is situated in the center, next to art galleries, cafés, and restaurants, rue de buci, cinema, litteraly everything! The nearest metro stations are Odeon, Mabillon and st Germain des prés. It is a perfect location, right next to the seine, with a perfect spot for aperos, to bring a bottle of wine and look at the beautiful scenery from le pont des arts. At a walking distance of Notre dame de Paris , the centre Pompidou, and the nice Jardin du Luxembourg and the Pantheon are 5 minutes away. The appartment itself is all fully equiped, and has a lot of charm, it is under the roofs. The red sofa is not the actual bed as i have changed for a REAL bed king size few months ago!  The flat is 5th floor, but it's  without an elevator.  It is very central but still totally silent street. There is an internet connexion , a TV, and a radio. Hope to see you soon in Paris :) I will be very pleased to welcome you and share with you some advices and some wine if you want to!	The appartment is situated in the center, next to art galleries, cafés, and restaurants, rue de buci, cinema, litteraly everything! The nearest metro stations are Odeon, Mabillon and st Germain des prés. It is a perfect location, right next to the seine, with a perfect spot for aperos, to bring a bottle of wine and look at the beautiful scenery from le pont des arts. At a walking distance of Notre dame de Paris , the centre Pompidou, and the nice Jardin du Luxembourg and the Pantheon are 5 minutes away. The appartment itself is all fully equiped, and has a lot of charm, it is under the roofs. The red sofa is not the actual bed as i have changed for a REAL bed king size few months ago!  The flat is 5th floor, but it's  without an elevator.  It is very central but still totally silent street. There is an internet connexion , a TV, and a radio. Hope to see you soon in Paris :) I will be very pleased to welcome you and share with you some advices and some wine if you want to! Everything in
16297	Location Location Location The place is 18m2 and located in a very nice area. As I will not be in Paris for Summer so I would like to rent my room to someone who is visiting Paris. The room its a sofabed and can maximum live 2 people.  The room only available (phone number hidden) mins walk to Le bon marche  10 mins walk to Montparnasse  20 mins walk to Musee Rodin and Tour Eiffel	Location Location Location The place is 18m2 and located in a very nice area. As I will not be in Paris for Summer so I would like to rent my room to someone who is visiting Paris. The room its a sofabed and can maximum live 2 people.  The room only available (phone number hidden) mins walk to Le bon marche  10 mins walk to Montparnasse  20 mins walk to Musee Rodin and Tour Eiffel Location Location Location The place is 18m2 and located in a very nice area. As I will not be in Paris for Summer so I would like to rent my room to someone who is visiting Paris. The room its a sofabed and can maximum live 2 people.  The room only available (phone number hidden) mins walk to Le bon marche  10 mins walk to Montparnasse  20 mins walk to Musee Rodin and Tour Eiffel You can use the kitchen freely and I will leave hair dryer in the room. I will not be in Paris. But you can always reach me via email or contact my friend if you need any help. Transportation:  4 mins walk to metro line 13 Duroc  5 
16298	Very charming and quite place, lots of sun,  It's as big as a  very good suite in a hotel (48m2).	Quite and charming 1 bedroom apartment freshly furnished in one of the best area of Saint Germain des Pres ,rue du Cherche-Midi in Paris. (stores, hotels, garden, and cafe...)  For 3 to 4 people Many buses and metro (email hidden)w high wifi connection Very charming and quite place, lots of sun,  It's as big as a  very good suite in a hotel (48m2). I can give you many adresses to visit: I m leaving in the area since always!!! Le Bon Marché, rue de Rennes, l eglise st germain des pres, Montparnasse, Odeon, rue de buci, rue des canettes, tour Eiffel a 2 stations de metro ou 15 min a pieds, musee d Orsay a 15 min a pieds Stations de métro (5 min à pied) : St placide, Duroc, Vaneau, Sèvres-Babylone. 3-4 metro station around 5 to 10min by walk many buses The high speed Internet connection is new since few weeks and works very well! Baby Bed available on demand. Cleaning possible for longer term, as u wish.
16299	Typical and charming top floor flat in a very nice building. It is very calm and comfortable, recently furnished and nicely decorated. Ideal for a family and a child or a teen ager.	Splendidly located, the flat offers ways to numerous brasseries and restaurants, a few steps from Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Prés. It is five minutes walk from the Luxembourg Garden, Le bon Marché big store and the lovely rue du cherche midi. Typical and charming top floor flat in a very nice building. It is very calm and comfortable, recently furnished and nicely decorated. Ideal for a family and a child or a teen ager. Internet, cabled TV with english news channels. Wifi Dayly by email It is a most lively district with all sorts of cafés, brasseries and shops. The Luxembourg garden and its Musuem is five minutes walk. Very close  by foot to Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Prés. RER B (from Roissy), station Port Royal, 15 minutes walk. Bus (phone number hidden) and metro lines 4 et, 10 and  12 nearby. There is a piano for my musician ghests.
16300		80m2 in latin quarter, five minute walking from notre dame and close to every monument
16301	Very sunny and beautiful apartment with rare high ceiling Amazing location in the centre of everything Beautiful 18th century building with elevator and secure doors surrounded by some of the best places to eat, drink and shop in Paris 	Astonishing two bedrooms apartment in the centre of Paris High standing 18th century building with elevator 3rd Floor Amazing location Very sunny and high ceiling Discover a splendid place full of secrets where the Marquis de Sade used to live Very sunny and beautiful apartment with rare high ceiling Amazing location in the centre of everything Beautiful 18th century building with elevator and secure doors surrounded by some of the best places to eat, drink and shop in Paris Enjoy the apartment and the magic of Saint Germain We are available any time for any questions or needs Best location to stay in Paris  Restaurants, shops, bars and clubs Mix of luxury and fashionable places  Being in the centre all the main attractions of Paris make it very easy to visit by foot, bike, bus, taxi all the most beautiful spots of the capital ... nothing complicated here Taxi, bus, subway, bikes are just next to the apartment  The restaurant le Comptoir in front of the building is one the best food yo
16302	STANDING This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a very good standing residence with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. LAYOUT This 70sqm apartment to rent in Paris has 2 separate bedrooms and a spacious living-room. All the windows look on Assas Street and the whole apartment is so bright even though it is on the 1st floor. The entrance leads to the main room. The fitted kitchen is open on the living-room which ensures a very spacious room. You will then be able to cook while entertaining your guests! The dining table can accomodate four people. The living-room has a comfortable sofa as well as chairs and a coffee table. The first bedroom is the smallest. It can also be used as an office as there is a desk and it can be separated from the living-room thanks to sliding doors. This room also has a door to access the corridor. You will enjoy total privacy whether you need a room to work or to sleep! This little room has two single beds (90x200). One 	A beautifully decorated, bright Paris apartment rental that is very spacious and in one of the most highly rated areas of Paris. Available at an excellent price and suitable for up to four people, STANDING This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a very good standing residence with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. LAYOUT This 70sqm apartment to rent in Paris has 2 separate bedrooms and a spacious living-room. All the windows look on Assas Street and the whole apartment is so bright even though it is on the 1st floor. The entrance leads to the main room. The fitted kitchen is open on the living-room which ensures a very spacious room. You will then be able to cook while entertaining your guests! The dining table can accomodate four people. The living-room has a comfortable sofa as well as chairs and a coffee table. The first bedroom is the smallest. It can also be used as an office as there is a desk and it can be separated from the living-room tha
16303	Lovely big room with a large private bathroom and shower in a  building on the 4th floor with elevator. You will have a nice comfortable bed and desk in a sunny large room, in a beautiful Parisian apartment.  The location is great in the 6th arrondissment, central Paris, with the tourist buses passing less than a block away, many different bus lines and five different metro lines. Montparnasse station is just a step away so getting to Versailles is very easy. Other nearby stations, less than a five minute walk are Duroc and Falguiere. There are also many grocery shops open until midnight as well as brasseries and cafes. Rue de Rennes and Galeries Lafayette are 5 minutes away so if you want to shop everything you need is just around the corner. There are plenty of Parisien bistros and cafes, boulangeries, cinema, museums, etc. We are about a 10 minute walk to Luxembourg gardens, Invalides, Rodin Museum, and Bon Marché! 	Lovely big room with a large private bathroom and shower in a  building on the 4th floor with elevator. You will have a nice comfortable bed and desk in a sunny large room, in a beautiful Parisian apartment.  The location is great in the 6th arrondissment, central Paris, with the tourist buses passing less than a block away, many different bus lines and five different metro lines. Montparnasse station is just a step away so getting to Versailles is very easy. Other nearby stations, less than a five minute walk are Duroc and Falguiere. There are also many grocery shops open until midnight as well as brasseries and cafes. Rue de Rennes and Galeries Lafayette are 5 minutes away so if you want to shop everything you need is just around the corner. There are plenty of Parisien bistros and cafes, boulangeries, cinema, museums, etc. We are about a 10 minute walk to Luxembourg gardens, Invalides, Rodin Museum, and Bon Marché! 
16304	This beautiful flat is 110 meter square : high ceiling, wooden floor, fire place. if you need more information please ask me.	hello This beautiful flat is 110 meter square : high ceiling, wooden floor, fire place. if you need more information please ask me. You have access to the kitchen and there are two bathrooms. One is with a bat tub and the other one is with a shower. there are two toilets. Many buses;metros. Pleas read other reviews concerning my two other places. They are in the same building
16305	Au coeur du quartier historique de Saint-Germain-Des-Prés, ce logement est comme une petit maison.	Petite maisonnette  de charme au rez de chaussée d'une cour typiquement parisienne.Ultra centre de Paris, proche du métro et du  jardin du Luxembourg. Pierres apparentes dans le salon.  Peut loger   4 personnes. Cuisine équipée.  Au coeur du quartier historique de Saint-Germain-Des-Prés, ce logement est comme une petit maison. La salle à vivre offre un beau volume avec une partie en double hauteur. Un espace chambre et une salle de bain en mezzanine et un salon où le canapé peut se mettre en un un ou deux lit séparés. Si vous découvrez Paris, nous pouvons vous indiquer des lieux où sortir, diner, faire vos courses.... Quartier de Saint Germain des Près, le quartier latin, l'âme littéraire et folklorique  de Paris. Avec le café de Flore à deux pas et la librairie de l'Ecume des pages ouverte jusqu'à minuit, les amoureux... des belles lettres seront conquis ( les autre aussi). En plein centre de Paris, on est à 5 min de la station de métro Saint Germain des Près ( ligne 4) à 7 min de la 
16306	This elegant duplex apartment is located next to rue de Rennes and Place Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on the 3rd floor, without an elevator, on the court side. The living room is cosy with a high ceiling and stairs that lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine. You will love its refined decoration with wooden floor and its great location.  This apartment of 23 square meters (about 248 square feet) features a luminous and charming living room with a convertible sofa, pouf, shelf, and coffee table. There is a large window, on the court side, a high ceiling, and wooden beams. The convertible sofa opens into a bed for one person. The small kitchen is open on the living room and includes an electric grill, microwave, and 3 stools.  The stairs in the living room lead to the small bedroom on the mezzanine with a slopping ceiling. It features a double bed, a wardrobe, and low furniture from which you can see the living room. The bathroom is on the main floor, b	This elegant duplex apartment is located next to rue de Rennes and Place Saint Germain des Prés, in the 6th arrondissement. It is situated on the 3rd floor, without an elevator, on the court side. The living room is cosy with a high ceiling and stairs that lead to the bedroom on the mezzanine. You will love its refined decoration with wooden floor and its great location.  This apartment of 23 square meters (about 248 square feet) features a luminous and charming living room with a convertible sofa, pouf, shelf, and coffee table. There is a large window, on the court side, a high ceiling, and wooden beams. The convertible sofa opens into a bed for one person. The small kitchen is open on the living room and includes an electric grill, microwave, and 3 stools.  The stairs in the living room lead to the small bedroom on the mezzanine with a slopping ceiling. It features a double bed, a wardrobe, and low furniture from which you can see the living room. The bathroom is on the main floor, b
16307	The apartement was renovated at the end of 2014. I live in south of France I only live here when I work in Paris.	"The apartment is located near the Saint germain and Montparnasse district. There are 2 métro stops near the flat : Duroc (2 minute walk) and Falguière (5 minute walk). The flat is on the third floor and there is an elevator. You can see the trees of the interior courtyard. It is very quiet. The flat is very Classic parisian style made with old wooden truss and stone wall. There is a living room, a dobble bedroom, a little dressing room, a little kitchen, a bathroom, a seperate toilet. The apartement was renovated at the end of 2014. I live in south of France I only live here when I work in Paris. The neighborhood is very animated. There are a lot of little typical restaurants : wine bars, ... And traditional french food shops (bakeries, groceries,delis...) The flat is near the very famous département store ""le bon marché"". The flat is not very far from Montparnasse station. And it is easy to reach denfert rochereau by Metro and from there to Orly airport. There are 2 métro stops near t"
16308	L'Observatoire is located in the heart of the Left side of Paris. At your disposal a beautiful 22m2 studio with a main room, a bathroom with bath and separate and equipped kitchenette. A small terrace overlooking the courtyard, you can enjoy the calm and your breakfast, until the last ray of happy hour and summer dinners. Apartment: 22 m2 3rd floor Minimum stay: 2 nights 3 people (sofa bed + mezzanine) Arrival time: from 14:00 Departure time: before 12:00	L'Observatoire is located in the heart of the Left side of Paris. At your disposal a beautiful 22m2 studio with a main room, a bathroom with bath, a separate kitchenette and a terrace. L'Observatoire is located in the heart of the Left side of Paris. At your disposal a beautiful 22m2 studio with a main room, a bathroom with bath and separate and equipped kitchenette. A small terrace overlooking the courtyard, you can enjoy the calm and your breakfast, until the last ray of happy hour and summer dinners. Apartment: 22 m2 3rd floor Minimum stay: 2 nights 3 people (sofa bed + mezzanine) Arrival time: from 14:00 Departure time: before 12:00 Guests can enjoy several services such as: Optional cleaning service sheets towels Fan / Heater Microwave refrigerator oven Washer dryer hotplate crockery Free Wifi DVD player Digital TV In a neighboring central building of the Luxembourg Gardens (500 meters), facing the garden of the great explorers in the heart of the prestigious 6th arrondissement of
16309		Beautiful one bedroom flat, very quiet (window on the backward), in one of the most popular area of Paris : Saint Germain des Prés. American kitchen, bathroom et and spacious bedroom. Fully equipped.
16310	En pleins coeur de Paris et du quartier des artistes, vous êtes à 30 min maximum d'un bout à l'autre de Paris. A proximité de tout commerces, musées. 	En plein coeur de St germain des près, je mets à disposition mon petit cocon composé d'une mezzanine avec 1 lit (2p), d'un canapé-lit (2p), d'un petit coin cuisine, et d'une salle de bain. Idéal pour une petite virée :) Pas plus d'un mois location. En pleins coeur de Paris et du quartier des artistes, vous êtes à 30 min maximum d'un bout à l'autre de Paris. A proximité de tout commerces, musées. Tout le logement est a disposition Anciennement l'épicentre des éditeurs et des passionnés de littérature, le quartier de Saint-Germain des Prés a acquis ses lettres de noblesses au début du XXème siècle lorsqu'il fut le repaire des intellectuels et des philosophes. C'est notamment après la Seconde Guerre Mondiale, au café de Flore et au Deux Magots que philosophes, poètes , artistes et écrivains tels que Jean-Paul Sartre, Simone de Beauvoir, Boris Vian, Jacques Prévert assurèrent l'animation intellectuelle du quartier. Aujourd'hui, Saint Germain des Prés a su conserver le charme authentique de
16311	Le Cathare is a Dutch barge tied down to Quai de Conti since the 1970s (Paris left bank), between the Pont des Arts and the Pont Neuf. This is where we restored and furnished the boat, in a way that respects its original style (a tjalk built in 1902) and its exceptional location.  Facing the Louvre and in the shades of the Institut de France, you will enjoy the charm and comfort of Le Cathare, its living/dining room, its galley bar, three cabins (one for two persons, two for one person), a bathroom and separated toilets.  Le Cathare is equipped with WIFI internet and cable TV / canal +. You can also play the piano on a recently tuned Piano Ibach. More prosaically, you will find on Le Cathare a washing machine, a drying machine, a microwave oven, electric heater… There is also the possibility of making a fire in a wood stove. Just out of the boat, le district Saint-Germain-des-Prés is waiting for you with many restaurants, stores, bookshops, art galleries… During daytime, we reserve the	Le Cathare is a Dutch barge tied down to Quai de Conti since the 1970s (Paris left bank), between the Pont des Arts and the Pont Neuf. This is where we restored and furnished the boat, in a way that respects its original style (a tjalk built in 1902) and its exceptional location.  Facing the Louvre and in the shades of the Institut de France, you will enjoy the charm and comfort of Le Cathare, its living/dining room, its galley bar, three cabins (one for two persons, two for one person), a bathroom and separated toilets.  Le Cathare is equipped with WIFI internet and cable TV / canal +. You can also play the piano on a recently tuned Piano Ibach. More prosaically, you will find on Le Cathare a washing machine, a drying machine, a microwave oven, electric heater… There is also the possibility of making a fire in a wood stove. Just out of the boat, le district Saint-Germain-des-Prés is waiting for you with many restaurants, stores, bookshops, art galleries… During daytime, we reserve the
16312	"Typical and charming parisian apartment in the heart of St Germain des Pres of 30m2, 1 minute walk from Jardin du Luxembourg, Odeon Theater, and famous street ""Rue de la Soif""(rue Guersande and Princess) where you can find french restaurant and bar, but also close from all shops.  Situated in a very quiet street, the apartment has a kitchen, a bed ""clic clac"", 3 windows and a bathroom with shower.  I supply linen and towels, and you can have wifi access. "	"Typical parisian appartement with wood floor at the heart of St Germain des Près.  Typical and charming parisian apartment in the heart of St Germain des Pres of 30m2, 1 minute walk from Jardin du Luxembourg, Odeon Theater, and famous street ""Rue de la Soif""(rue Guersande and Princess) where you can find french restaurant and bar, but also close from all shops.  Situated in a very quiet street, the apartment has a kitchen, a bed ""clic clac"", 3 windows and a bathroom with shower.  I supply linen and towels, and you can have wifi access. "
16313	This great flat is in Paris's hippest neighborhood full of aspiring filmmakers, artists, photographers and designers.  The flat is the bottom of a duplex, with it's own private front door, and closed stairs. It's a whole private flat, with inside  stairs closed  by a door (locked).  The appartement is really quiet, even in front of Café de flore, les Deux Magots and the church of St Germain des prés. You'll find many great restaurants and bars. Nightlife and cultural events are making this area very special. 	An amazing flat, typical parisian style, 500sq, located on the place St Germain des Prés, the most elegant and safe district of central Paris. 5min walk to the Louvre and the Luxembourg.  It's 30sec from the metro station St Germain des Prés. This great flat is in Paris's hippest neighborhood full of aspiring filmmakers, artists, photographers and designers.  The flat is the bottom of a duplex, with it's own private front door, and closed stairs. It's a whole private flat, with inside  stairs closed  by a door (locked).  The appartement is really quiet, even in front of Café de flore, les Deux Magots and the church of St Germain des prés. You'll find many great restaurants and bars. Nightlife and cultural events are making this area very special. It's on the first  floor of a 17th century typical Paris building.  So you will have a flat of 500sq ft (46m2) only for you. It includes a bed room with a king size bed (160cmx210cm), a bathroom with a washing machine and a big living room wit
16314	"Mon appartement est un appartement de ""standing"".  Il a été pensé pour apporter le maximum de confort. Il est entièrement climatisé et lumineux, grâce aux 2 porte-fenêtres du salon et au calme, grâce à la double porte fenêtre de la chambre donnant sur un balcon duquel on peut voir la Place Saint-Michel, la Place de l'Odéon et la nuit tombée, deux anciens observatoires illuminés.   Ce que je trouve très romantique... Il est au coeur d'un quartier dynamique, historique et célèbre."	"Charmant grand 2 P de 60m2 situé carrefour de l'Odéon en plein coeur du quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés à deux pas du Quartier Latin, de Notre-Dame de Paris et de l'Ile de la Cité. Métros, taxis, vélib, autolib, bateaux-bus... Bienvenus ! Mon appartement est un appartement de ""standing"".  Il a été pensé pour apporter le maximum de confort. Il est entièrement climatisé et lumineux, grâce aux 2 porte-fenêtres du salon et au calme, grâce à la double porte fenêtre de la chambre donnant sur un balcon duquel on peut voir la Place Saint-Michel, la Place de l'Odéon et la nuit tombée, deux anciens observatoires illuminés.   Ce que je trouve très romantique... Il est au coeur d'un quartier dynamique, historique et célèbre. Quartier très accessible, métros Odéon ou Saint-Michel, taxis, bus, vélib, autolib, juste à côté et même bateaux-bus pour visiter Paris depuis la Seine. Je suis disponible par mail ou SMS, pour toute information complémentaire. Historiquement, mon quartier fait partie des p"
16315	Beautiful old apartment in the heart of Paris in Saint Germain des Prés. Historic building located in a small street 2min Boulevard St Germain . High volume ( 110 square meters ), two bathrooms, fireplace, hardwood floors , bright trim , very quiet street and stamp cour.Beaucoup typical Parisian apartment. fitted kitchen Ideal for a couple and 3 children (bunk bed)	Great large apartment with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a large dinning room. Conveniently located in the historic Saint Germain des Pres, the heart of Paris . Many shops ( pastries , bakeries, cheese, wine ), restaurants, cinema , shopping, museum Beautiful old apartment in the heart of Paris in Saint Germain des Prés. Historic building located in a small street 2min Boulevard St Germain . High volume ( 110 square meters ), two bathrooms, fireplace, hardwood floors , bright trim , very quiet street and stamp cour.Beaucoup typical Parisian apartment. fitted kitchen Ideal for a couple and 3 children (bunk bed) The guests can use the whole appartment Saint Germain des Pres, in the heart of Paris . Historic neighborhood. Many shops ( pastries , bakeries, cheese, wine ), restaurants, cinema , shopping, museum Many buses and metro to go everywhere in Paris No lift in the 4th Floor but classified stairs !
16316		Hi everyone, A typical Parisian and fully-furnished apartment in the historical center of Saint Germain Des Près, Paris 6th. Features:  •18th century, typical Parisian building  •1st floor  •Nice Parisian appt (30 m2 / 323 sq ft) with hardwood floor,  •1 living room, 1 bedroom / bathroom, 1 toilet d from the bathroom) •Sunshining living room with a big window,  a cosy couch (convertible – 2 persons), a table to eat (4 persons table) and a cable TV  •Fully equipped Kitchenette (stove, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee machine, boiler)  •The bedroom is all furnished (matress / sheets / wardrobbe / shelving)  •The bathroom is fully furnished (towels, hairdryer) •Washing machine / iron and ironing table  •Free Wifi Location:  •Central. Calm and safe neighborhood. 200m from Saint Germain Des Près (Famous church, Typical cafés (Café de Flore where Fitzgerald used to go!), restaurants, teatres…) / 300m from the main shopping avenue in the Southbank (rue de Rennes) / 30 minutes walking to Montpa
16317		Charmant studio de 27 m2 au coeur du quartier animé de Odéon, et à deux pas de Saint germain des prés, célèbre quartier des artistes et de bouquinistes. Idéalement situé pour se promener et profiter d'une pause macarons chez La Durée...   
16318	English Charming 1 bedroom apt in one of Paris most sought for locations. Located rue Madame, only 2 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg as well as the heart of Montparnasse, 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés and Odéon. Very quiet, it includes a living room/dining room, fully equiped open kitchen (réfrigérator, freezer, dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave oven,coffee maker, coffee pot, etc...), bedroom with 2 single beds or a Big one and large closet, bath room with a bath to relax after your long day.  Living room with large leather sofa (which can be a bed for 2 people), TV, cable, radio, Internet, Wi-Fi and téléphone with free calls up to 100 international destinations.  The surroundings are very lively with many restaurants, bistros, bars, and food shopping stores (bakery, fruit and vegetables and a small supermarket).  You will be surrender by Metro station within 5 minutes of walking (Line 4, 6, 10, 12). Français Paris 6ème, 2 pièces de charme dans un des quartie	English Charming 1 bedroom apt in one of Paris most sought for locations. Located rue Madame, only 2 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg as well as the heart of Montparnasse, 5 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés and Odéon. Very quiet, it includes a living room/dining room, fully equiped open kitchen (réfrigérator, freezer, dish washer, washing machine, oven, micro wave oven,coffee maker, coffee pot, etc...), bedroom with 2 single beds or a Big one and large closet, bath room with a bath to relax after your long day.  Living room with large leather sofa (which can be a bed for 2 people), TV, cable, radio, Internet, Wi-Fi and téléphone with free calls up to 100 international destinations.  The surroundings are very lively with many restaurants, bistros, bars, and food shopping stores (bakery, fruit and vegetables and a small supermarket).  You will be surrender by Metro station within 5 minutes of walking (Line 4, 6, 10, 12). Français Paris 6ème, 2 pièces de charme dans un des quartie
16319		Studette en face du jardin du Luxembourg avec vu partiel sur le jardin, très calme. Equipements: Canapé-lit, douche, tv, micro-onde, plaques électriques, frigo,...  Métro Notre Dame des Champs.
16320	This apartment is in one of the best locations in Paris, right in the heart of it all, and yet better still, with transport just close by… (metro St. Germain des Pres or Mabillon only a 2-3 minute stroll)… This is a superb flat, newly renovated with tasteful decoration, large living spaces and air conditioned bedrooms, two bathrooms and set on a quiet courtyard with green ivy gracefully framing the windows… Some of you may recognize the St. Sulpice church from its mention in the Da Vinci Code…  Typical of this area, the building dates back the 18th century, with all wooden structures, for which we have re-exposed the ceiling beams and vertical wall supports, to add lots of character. It is on the third floor, (no elevator stairs only). We spared no expense in assuring quality renovations, with a very modern kitchen, renovated ceramic tile floors, over-sized king beds in both bedrooms (which can also be split into twin beds) and quality craftsmanship throughout.  This fine apartment off	This apartment is in one of the best locations in Paris, right in the heart of it all, and yet better still, with transport just close by… (metro St. Germain des Pres or Mabillon only a 2-3 minute stroll)… This is a superb flat, newly renovated with tasteful decoration, large living spaces and air conditioned bedrooms, two bathrooms and set on a quiet courtyard with green ivy gracefully framing the windows… Some of you may recognize the St. Sulpice church from its mention in the Da Vinci Code…  Typical of this area, the building dates back the 18th century, with all wooden structures, for which we have re-exposed the ceiling beams and vertical wall supports, to add lots of character. It is on the third floor, (no elevator stairs only). We spared no expense in assuring quality renovations, with a very modern kitchen, renovated ceramic tile floors, over-sized king beds in both bedrooms (which can also be split into twin beds) and quality craftsmanship throughout.  This fine apartment off
16321	""" Studio récemment restauré avec une décoration contemporaine se situent  entre le Quartier Latin,St Sulpice, et St Germain,à l'angle du boulevard St Michel et du jardin du Luxembourg. Vous serez à moins de 5mn à pied devant la Sorbonne,le Panthéon,le théatre de l'Odéon et à 10'de Notre Dame de Paris. En continuant votre marche 15mn plus tard vous serez rive droite, devant le Louvre, encore un peu plus loin le Centre Pompidou et le Marais. Bien sur vous pourrez prendre le bus ou le metro au pied de l'appartement pour visiter tout Paris L'immeuble date de 1785 et il n'y a pas d' ascenseur (3ème après interphone) ; non adapte pour des enfants, personnes âgés ou de forte corpulence. NON FUMEUR. Animaux pas admis."	""" Studio récemment restauré avec une décoration contemporaine se situent  entre le Quartier Latin,St Sulpice, et St Germain,à l'angle du boulevard St Michel et du jardin du Luxembourg. Vous serez à moins de 5mn à pied devant la Sorbonne,le Panthéon,le théatre de l'Odéon et à 10'de Notre Dame de Paris. En continuant votre marche 15mn plus tard vous serez rive droite, devant le Louvre, encore un peu plus loin le Centre Pompidou et le Marais. Bien sur vous pourrez prendre le bus ou le metro au pied de l'appartement pour visiter tout Paris L'immeuble date de 1785 et il n'y a pas d' ascenseur (3ème après interphone) ; non adapte pour des enfants, personnes âgés ou de forte corpulence. NON FUMEUR. Animaux pas admis. Vous avez pleine jouissance de l'appartement mais je n'aime pas quand on fouille dans mes affaires personnelles. Voila, tout est dit.  En général j'aime vous accueillir personnellement car j'aime connaître les gens à qui je confie mon appartement. Aussi de pouvoir vous transmettr"
16322	Appartement refait à neuf récemment.  D'une surface de 54 m2 + terrasse, il est situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse et du jardin du Luxembourg.  Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires dans tout le confort moderne.  Il se compose d'une grande cuisine à l'américaine, d'un spacieux salon et d'une chambre individuelle (lit 140x200cm) ainsi que d'une salle de bain lumineuse avec WC séparé.  L'appartement qui est situé en étage élevé bénéficie également d'une très agréable terrasse exposée plein Sud avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et la Tour Montparnasse.  Situé dans un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris, l'appartement se situe à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg.  Il y a un ascenseur dans l'immeuble également.  	Appartement refait à neuf récemment.  D'une surface de 54 m2 + terrasse, il est situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse et du jardin du Luxembourg.  Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires dans tout le confort moderne.  Appartement refait à neuf récemment.  D'une surface de 54 m2 + terrasse, il est situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse et du jardin du Luxembourg.  Idéal pour un couple, il peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires dans tout le confort moderne.  Il se compose d'une grande cuisine à l'américaine, d'un spacieux salon et d'une chambre individuelle (lit 140x200cm) ainsi que d'une salle de bain lumineuse avec WC séparé.  L'appartement qui est situé en étage élevé bénéficie également d'une très agréable terrasse exposée plein Sud avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et la Tour Montparnasse.  Situé dans un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris, l'appartement se situe à deux pas du Jardin du Luxembourg.  Il y a un ascenseur dans l'immeuble également.  Il
16323	Rue saint andré des arts, joli studio de 14 m2, 2 eme étage sur courette, situé en plein centre du quartier latin, 6 ème arrondissement. Refait à neuf en Aoput 2015. Il comprend une pièce principale avec coin cuisine éclairée par une fenêtre et une salle de douche avec wc, également avec fenêtre. Un petit nid douillet meublé et tout équipé: Clic Clac neuf avec un très bon matelas pour couchage quotidien, table, télé, internet,aspirateur, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux, cafetière, vaisselle Le studio est très calme avec toutes les commodités en bas de l'immeuble.   Le prix est charges incluses (syndic, eau froide, frais d'internet ainsi que les frais de ménage à votre départ).  L'électricité n'est pas incluse dans le prix, le locataire aura son propre contrat.	Rue saint andré des arts, joli studio de 14 m2 situé en plein centre du quartier latin, 6 ème arrondissement, complètement refait à (website hidden) comprend une pièce principale avec coin cuisine  et une salle de douche avec wc, également avec fenêtre. Rue saint andré des arts, joli studio de 14 m2, 2 eme étage sur courette, situé en plein centre du quartier latin, 6 ème arrondissement. Refait à neuf en Aoput 2015. Il comprend une pièce principale avec coin cuisine éclairée par une fenêtre et une salle de douche avec wc, également avec fenêtre. Un petit nid douillet meublé et tout équipé: Clic Clac neuf avec un très bon matelas pour couchage quotidien, table, télé, internet,aspirateur, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux, cafetière, vaisselle Le studio est très calme avec toutes les commodités en bas de l'immeuble.   Le prix est charges incluses (syndic, eau froide, frais d'internet ainsi que les frais de ménage à votre départ).  L'électricité n'est pas incluse dans le prix, le locataire au
16324	Il est situé au cœur de Saint-Germain des Prés Toutes commodités au pied de l'immeuble, transports , course de bouche ou autres, monuments, la seine, 	6 éme arrdt, 10 m de la Seine toutes les commodités à proximité, et tout à pied, métro, bus , velib, auto-lib, café, supermarché, le Luxembourg. 3 pièces calme, grand salon, grande chambre avec salle de bains baignoire et cuisine, toilette. 2è étage Il est situé au cœur de Saint-Germain des Prés Toutes commodités au pied de l'immeuble, transports , course de bouche ou autres, monuments, la seine, 
16325	"The apartment is located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, on a little street, nearby cafés, bars and restaurants  The apartment is clam, both west and east-oriented, looking over both the courtyard and a little street.  you will finda lot of shops and commodities nearby : cultural sites, churches,  Vuitton HQ, Jardin du Luxembourg, cinemas ...  Metro ""Saint Germain des près"" or ""Mabillon"", bus 63 and 86 Elevator! Lift only starts at the first floor! The apartment is on the second floor. The flat (45m2 ( is composed of  -a bedroom (bed 160 cm ) -a living room (couch/bed 140 cm ) -a separate kitchen -separate toilets and  -a bathroom with shower Equipment :   -fridge – micro-wave – washing-machine – tv – internet wifi/wlan, self-service rental bike just down the building. Also available: - babybed Towels and bed linen are provided "	"The apartment is located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, on a little street, nearby cafés, bars and restaurants. An ideal place to stay in Paris in a very pleasant environment filled with art and history, animated, lively, full of diverse .... The apartment is located in the heart of St-Germain-des-Prés, on a little street, nearby cafés, bars and restaurants  The apartment is clam, both west and east-oriented, looking over both the courtyard and a little street.  you will finda lot of shops and commodities nearby : cultural sites, churches,  Vuitton HQ, Jardin du Luxembourg, cinemas ...  Metro ""Saint Germain des près"" or ""Mabillon"", bus 63 and 86 Elevator! Lift only starts at the first floor! The apartment is on the second floor. The flat (45m2 ( is composed of  -a bedroom (bed 160 cm ) -a living room (couch/bed 140 cm ) -a separate kitchen -separate toilets and  -a bathroom with shower Equipment :   -fridge – micro-wave – washing-machine – tv – internet wifi/wlan, self-service re"
16326	 Rue Princesse (St Germain des Pres - Paris 06th) - NON SMOKING - Studio for 2 people Sleeps: 2 people (1 Double Bed) possibility an additonal bed for baby Floor: 1st floor (by the stairs) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: St Germain des Pres Surface area: 247 sq.ft./ 23 m2 Short List: Internet connection (Bring your laptop) & all basic needs (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: The location and the decoration! THE PROPERTY Studio Apartment in the most prestigious area of Paris: Latin Quarter (Saint-Germain-des-Pres) next to the Luxembourg gardens and St Michel. Sleeps up to 2 people: Queen Size Bed Equipped kitchen & Bathroom Original paintings on the walls - by Nathalie Lemaitre. LOCATION The heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres is the living-fashion and artistic center of Paris. One of the most popular, active, and sparkling neighborhoods of central Paris.  Rue Princesse is a small street half way between two famous churches, St. Germain	 Rue Princesse (St Germain des Pres - Paris 06th) - NON SMOKING - Studio for 2 people Sleeps: 2 people (1 Double Bed) possibility an additonal bed for baby Floor: 1st floor (by the stairs) (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: St Germain des Pres Surface area: 247 sq.ft./ 23 m2 Short List: Internet connection (Bring your laptop) & all basic needs (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: The location and the decoration! THE PROPERTY Studio Apartment in the most prestigious area of Paris: Latin Quarter (Saint-Germain-des-Pres) next to the Luxembourg gardens and St Michel. Sleeps up to 2 people: Queen Size Bed Equipped kitchen & Bathroom Original paintings on the walls - by Nathalie Lemaitre. LOCATION The heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres is the living-fashion and artistic center of Paris. One of the most popular, active, and sparkling neighborhoods of central Paris.  Rue Princesse is a small street half way between two famous churches, St. Germain
16327		magnifique appartement tout  équipé au coeur de Paris. Metro saint michel ou odeon. proche de tout les bars et café  Parisien    Attention : 6 étages sans ascenseur.
16328	Enjoy a 60 sq/m  apartment at the 4th floor with elevator of a secure and very quiet neighbourhood. In the apartment you will have: - Nice kitchen fully equipped with an oven, fridge, coffee maker, a toaster , ceramic hob and microwave . - living room with an comfortable sofa bed for one. This apartment has a large TV, a wireless Internet connection. The nearest metro station is Falgière or Duroc. Many buses pass down the building. Shopping center, boutiques, wine shops , several restaurants, a cafe with terrace, bar, cinema and small theaters, post office, currency exchange , and a taxi stop . From the apartment you can easily reach Saint-Michel, the Eiffel Tower, Le Jardin du Luxenbourg,  Montparnasse... Cheers ,	Beau standing 60m2 tout confort, sans vis à vis et vu sur le haut de la Tour Eiffel.   Super quartier près de commerce cinéma, shopping, restaurant. Calme. Enjoy a 60 sq/m  apartment at the 4th floor with elevator of a secure and very quiet neighbourhood. In the apartment you will have: - Nice kitchen fully equipped with an oven, fridge, coffee maker, a toaster , ceramic hob and microwave . - living room with an comfortable sofa bed for one. This apartment has a large TV, a wireless Internet connection. The nearest metro station is Falgière or Duroc. Many buses pass down the building. Shopping center, boutiques, wine shops , several restaurants, a cafe with terrace, bar, cinema and small theaters, post office, currency exchange , and a taxi stop . From the apartment you can easily reach Saint-Michel, the Eiffel Tower, Le Jardin du Luxenbourg,  Montparnasse... Cheers , Internet, VIDEO projector, PlayStation, fireplace  Will give you all the good tips of the area and in Paris. Located in
16329	 THE APARTMENT IS AIR CONDITIONNED AND EQQUIPED WITH A COMPUTER,A PRINTER AND A FREE INTERNET ACCES It is a pleasant walk to many famous destinations such as Notre  Dame, The Louvre,Centre Pompidou,Quarter Latin, Saint-Sulpice Church,Jardin du Luxembourg,Musée d'Orsay,Concorde,Madeleine,Grand Palais, Champs-Elysées and of course the walking paths along the Seine River going toward Jardin des Plants, and the Natural Museum and Zoo. It is very close proximity to two main subway station Saint-Michel and Odeon wich also provide direct access by rail to Versailles, Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports. Numerous bus lines can be found nearly to you conveniently all over Paris. The intellectual core of Paris, the Quartier Latin abounds with  historical points of interest such as the Sainte Chapelle in the Law Courts, built under Saint Louis from 1241 to 1248, and Cluny’s Thermae (from the third century) Hotel (from the 15th century) and Museum (from the 19th century), among others. In addition	The flat is located 45,RUE DAUPHINE in the Sixth District of Paris in 18th century (website hidden) flat has been complety restored in november 2006 is located on second floor. THE APARTMENT IS AIR CONDITIONNED AND EQQUIPED WITH A COMPUTER,WI-FI
16330	 One very comfortable bed in the bedroom, and one sofa bed in the living (for 1 person). Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay, washing machine, dishwasher, multifunction oven, toaster, kettle .... tv, internet ... The charm of a bright  apartment, very quiet in a typical Parisian neighborhood center, trendy, historical and good public transport. I'll help and guide you as much as possible, and give you tips of my best adresses in Paris :) Between Métros, bus, Velib, shops, restaurants, bars, nearby La Sorbonne, Théâtre de l'Odéon, Panthéon, Notre-Dame.  In animated and very well connected area. Direct from airports with RER B Taxi from CDG to the apartment: 60 EURO  Taxi from ORLY to the apartment: 50 EURO  You are welcome :) Marine	Quartier Latin Proche Sorbonne Luxembourg et Odéon. 2 pièces au 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un très bel immeuble parisien 18ème siècle. Totalement rénové, ensoleillé et lumineux,aménagé avec soin.   One very comfortable bed in the bedroom, and one sofa bed in the living (for 1 person). Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped with everything you need during your stay, washing machine, dishwasher, multifunction oven, toaster, kettle .... tv, internet ... The charm of a bright  apartment, very quiet in a typical Parisian neighborhood center, trendy, historical and good public transport. I'll help and guide you as much as possible, and give you tips of my best adresses in Paris :) Between Métros, bus, Velib, shops, restaurants, bars, nearby La Sorbonne, Théâtre de l'Odéon, Panthéon, Notre-Dame.  In animated and very well connected area. Direct from airports with RER B Taxi from CDG to the apartment: 60 EURO  Taxi from ORLY to the apartment: 50 EURO  You are welcome :) Marine Je suis à v
16331		"In the heart of Saint-Germain, few steps from ""Café Flore"" and Saint-Germain church. Newly renovated two bedroom."
16332	"Le studio est situé au sein d’un élégant immeuble, à équidistance entre le boulevard Saint-Germain, le boulevard Saint-Michel et le Jardin du Luxembourg, ce studio est à la fois au calme et au cœur de la vie de Paris. Le studio est idéal pour ceux qui ont juste besoin d'un endroit pour manger et dormir dans un excellent emplacement dans Paris à quelques minutes des très célèbres ""Café Flore"" et ""Les Deux Magots"". Dans un minimum d’espace vous bénéficierez d’un studio complètement refait à neuf en 2014, un véritable nid d’amour pour un couple souhaitant visiter Paris dans les meilleures conditions. La décoration est contemporaine et raffinée."	"Situé vers St-Germain - Odéon - Quartier Latin - Luxembourg, ce studio est idéal pour visiter Paris : pratique, central, économique, calme. Le studio est situé au sein d’un élégant immeuble, à équidistance entre le boulevard Saint-Germain, le boulevard Saint-Michel et le Jardin du Luxembourg, ce studio est à la fois au calme et au cœur de la vie de Paris. Le studio est idéal pour ceux qui ont juste besoin d'un endroit pour manger et dormir dans un excellent emplacement dans Paris à quelques minutes des très célèbres ""Café Flore"" et ""Les Deux Magots"". Dans un minimum d’espace vous bénéficierez d’un studio complètement refait à neuf en 2014, un véritable nid d’amour pour un couple souhaitant visiter Paris dans les meilleures conditions. La décoration est contemporaine et raffinée. Lit armoire pour deux personnes : gain de place et confort. Cuisine avec réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson et micro-ondes. Salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et WC. Penderie, placards. Table réglable en hauteur (d"
16333	Our apartment is a 2 bedroom 43m2 cozy, bright, hardwood floors, moldings, overlooking the rooftops of Paris, on the 4th floor with lift.  There is a large living-room, a kitchen, a bar, a bathroom with shower and toilet, a bedroom (160x200 cm). It is fully equipped to facilitate your stay: coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge-freezer, hob, toaster, washing machine and everything you need to cook. We also provide you bed linen, towels, hair dryer ... Finally, it has high speed and wireless Internet and a projector so you can watch films like at the movies. Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment is close to all the historical sites of the city: 10 minutes from the Louvre, Notre Dame, the Seine, the Luxembourg Gardens and the Latin Quarter and the most famous organic market's in Paris taking place every weekend. Rue du Cherche Midi is a very famous and charming street with many shops as well as French fashion products such as wine shops, the famous cheese makers, bakers and confec	Our apartment is a 2 bedroom 43m2 cozy, bright, hardwood floors, moldings, overlooking the rooftops of Paris, on the 4th floor with lift.  There is a large living-room, a kitchen, a bar, a bathroom with shower and toilet, a bedroom (160x200 cm). It is fully equipped to facilitate your stay: coffee machine, kettle, oven, fridge-freezer, hob, toaster, washing machine and everything you need to cook. We also provide you bed linen, towels, hair dryer ... Finally, it has high speed and wireless Internet and a projector so you can watch films like at the movies. Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment is close to all the historical sites of the city: 10 minutes from the Louvre, Notre Dame, the Seine, the Luxembourg Gardens and the Latin Quarter and the most famous organic market's in Paris taking place every weekend. Rue du Cherche Midi is a very famous and charming street with many shops as well as French fashion products such as wine shops, the famous cheese makers, bakers and confec
16334	This is one of the most unique apartments in the city, with 1300 ft2 inside, including 3 private bedrooms, and a lush 2000 ft2 garden outside. Created by its owner, a prominent French artist, these are just a few of its features: - a significant art collection, including fanciful sculptures by the artist himself throughout the home and garden - large hammam (steam room) - sliding cinema screen with high definition 3D projector for watching TV, video, and DVD's - apartment-wide sound system with AirPlay streaming  - ground floor access The space is comprised of: - a large sitting room opening onto a garden terrace - a large kitchen with a dining table seating 10, opening onto a big garden terrace with design garden furniture, including a table seating 8 - a master bedroom with a queen-sized bed, private bath, hammam, and terrace access - a second bedroom with a convertible queen-sized bed and private bath - a yoga room/third bedroom with a double bed that descends from the ceiling, and 	This is one of the most unique apartments in the city, with 1300 ft2 inside, including 3 private bedrooms, and a lush 2000 ft2 garden outside. Created by its owner, a prominent French artist, these are just a few of its features: - a significant art collection, including fanciful sculptures by the artist himself throughout the home and garden - large hammam (steam room) - sliding cinema screen with high definition 3D projector for watching TV, video, and DVD's - apartment-wide sound system with AirPlay streaming  - ground floor access The space is comprised of: - a large sitting room opening onto a garden terrace - a large kitchen with a dining table seating 10, opening onto a big garden terrace with design garden furniture, including a table seating 8 - a master bedroom with a queen-sized bed, private bath, hammam, and terrace access - a second bedroom with a convertible queen-sized bed and private bath - a yoga room/third bedroom with a double bed that descends from the ceiling, and 
16335	IN BRIEF :  - Unbeatable location  - very well connected to public transport (metro+bike+bus+train)  - lively area (restaurants, shops, cafés, museums)  - 1450 sqft  3 bedrooms + 1 living (lounge area + dining area) + dining kitchen +2 bathroom   + 2  toilets  - Very comfortable for 6, feasible for 8 (sofa bed).  - Wireless High Speed Internet  - Flat screen TV, DVD, hi-fi system  - Fully equipped kitchen with everything to cook, coffee machine, microwave, etc.  - Washing and dryer machine for your laundry  - Fresh sheets, linens and towels provided  - The appartement is on the ground floor 	1450 sqft! In the very heart Paris, you can go walking to St Germain des Prés, Notre Dame church, the Seine River and the Luxembourg parc. A  comfy and quiet apartment, for family and left bank lovers.  IN BRIEF :  - Unbeatable location  - very well connected to public transport (metro+bike+bus+train)  - lively area (restaurants, shops, cafés, museums)  - 1450 sqft  3 bedrooms + 1 living (lounge area + dining area) + dining kitchen +2 bathroom   + 2  toilets  - Very comfortable for 6, feasible for 8 (sofa bed).  - Wireless High Speed Internet  - Flat screen TV, DVD, hi-fi system  - Fully equipped kitchen with everything to cook, coffee machine, microwave, etc.  - Washing and dryer machine for your laundry  - Fresh sheets, linens and towels provided  - The appartement is on the ground floor - The major sightseeing spots are all at walking distance (St Michel, Notre Dame, the Seine river, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon).  - The area is quiet and you can find all you need - The building itsel
16336	The flat is situated in the center of historical Paris (you are 10 minutes away from Chatelet by foot)  It looks like a small house from the outside. You will feel like home. The neighbors are really nice so don't be afraid about the noise.   Ideal for a romantic week end or to enjoy Paris with your best friend.	Cosy Studio 30m2 with 2 floors (upstairs for the living room and the kitchen and downstairs for the bedroom and the bathroom)  Well located in a small pavement street surrounded by cafes and good restaurants. The flat is situated in the center of historical Paris (you are 10 minutes away from Chatelet by foot)  It looks like a small house from the outside. You will feel like home. The neighbors are really nice so don't be afraid about the noise.   Ideal for a romantic week end or to enjoy Paris with your best friend. You will have access to all the historical monuments and areas and of course to the Paris night life. The most popular bars are near by and you can walk from there to everywhere.  For the shopping, there is a Carrefour, Monoprix and small fruit market down the street.  Everything is accessible by foot ! The neighborhood is amazing. You have a small cafe in front of the apartment with really nice waiters. Have a coffee there and enjoy the sunrise.  In the building you will 
16337	Beautiful studio of 34m2 in a typical parisian flat of 6th arr. at 6th floor (no elevator), with an amazing view on Eiffel Tower and parisian roofs, in a building of XIX century. The flat is very sunny, very quiet and nicely furnished. It includes a sofa (2 pers) (and a futon for 1 pers), a library, a table for 4 pers., and nice furnitures and a washing drying machine. The kitchen is kitted with a refrigerator, a freezer, an electric induction cooktop, a traditional oven, a Nespresso machine, a tea kettle, a dishwasher and a steamed.  The bathroom includes toilets and a shower. You will also find at your disposal an iron, an hair dryer, towels and a peignoir. The flat is perfect for a couple with a child.	Extra charming studio with nice view on Eiffel Tower, 34 m2, typical parisian building in 6è arr., 6th floor, very sunny, in the heart of Paris Rive Gauche. Near by Saint Germain des Près, Jardin du Luxembourg, Latin Quarter. 3mn walk from 3 métros. Beautiful studio of 34m2 in a typical parisian flat of 6th arr. at 6th floor (no elevator), with an amazing view on Eiffel Tower and parisian roofs, in a building of XIX century. The flat is very sunny, very quiet and nicely furnished. It includes a sofa (2 pers) (and a futon for 1 pers), a library, a table for 4 pers., and nice furnitures and a washing drying machine. The kitchen is kitted with a refrigerator, a freezer, an electric induction cooktop, a traditional oven, a Nespresso machine, a tea kettle, a dishwasher and a steamed.  The bathroom includes toilets and a shower. You will also find at your disposal an iron, an hair dryer, towels and a peignoir. The flat is perfect for a couple with a child. I am available any time to give you
16338	Cet appartement de 27 m² , Studio, est situé dans le 6ème arrondissement , au 2ème étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : un lave linge, les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble du 19ème siècle sans ascenseur est équipé avec : un code d entrée.	Appartement tout confort pour 2 personnes au coeur du 6ème arrondissement (St Germain des Près), près de tout commerce et des grands lieux touristiques. Moderne, calme et sécurisé. Un piano à disposition....et un petit poisson rouge :) L appartement se situe a :  Jardin du Luxembourg 450 mètres   Place St Sulpice 220 mètres  St Michel Quartier latin 760 mètres  Le Louvre 1100 mètres Cathédrale Notre Dame De Paris  1300 mètres   Métro ligne 4  Métro ligne 10  Métro ligne 12  RER B  BUS  Station TAXIS  
16339	There is a double bed and a sofa bed. Towels and sheets are provided DOUBLE-GLAZED windows  	Beautiful & comfortable studio, with charming XVII century beams. Ideally exposed towards the South, with sunlight throughout the day. Open view into Boulevard Saint Germain. Watch Parisian life go by from the window sill.  There is a double bed and a sofa bed. Towels and sheets are provided DOUBLE-GLAZED windows  There is wifi internet, TV, dishwasher, washing & dryer machine, microwave, telephone, coffe machine, toster, hair dryer, iron Two nearby Metro Stations: Mabillon (Line 10): in front of the apartment St Germain des Prés (Line 4): a one block Buses just down the street & taxi stop also in front of the apartment 
16340	Welcome to this cosy and comfortable flat located in one of the most iconic areas of Paris.  AMENITIES:  The flat is made of an Italian shower and bathroom. A fully equipped kitchen with all mods and cons, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction hot plates, oven, coffee machines and everything you need to cook whatever you like.  A large living room with lots of sitting space, widescreen TV with cable, highspeed internet, Wifi, phone and a dining table. It also has a convertible bed as you can see from the pictures. The living room itself can accommodate 3 people.  The master bedroom has a king size bed, wardrobe, a beautiful Chinese secretaire desk and hangers and space to fold your clothes.  LOCATION:  It is located on the 1st floor over-viewing a very calm street (except for Friday and Saturday nights) with very little traffic above a great Japanese restaurant. The street also has many great places to eat for different tastes, Italian, Thai, French, Korean.  It is min	Welcome to this cosy and comfortable flat located in one of the most iconic areas of Paris.  AMENITIES:  The flat is made of an Italian shower and bathroom. A fully equipped kitchen with all mods and cons, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction hot plates, oven, coffee machines and everything you need to cook whatever you like.  A large living room with lots of sitting space, widescreen TV with cable, highspeed internet, Wifi, phone and a dining table. It also has a convertible bed as you can see from the pictures. The living room itself can accommodate 3 people.  The master bedroom has a king size bed, wardrobe, a beautiful Chinese secretaire desk and hangers and space to fold your clothes.  LOCATION:  It is located on the 1st floor over-viewing a very calm street (except for Friday and Saturday nights) with very little traffic above a great Japanese restaurant. The street also has many great places to eat for different tastes, Italian, Thai, French, Korean.  It is min
16341		Nice flat of 33m² , renovated , comfortable and centrally located close to Montparnasse and Saint -Germain composed of a living room with kitchen, a spacious bedroom with a bathroom with a sink and a shower and a separate WC.
16342	Because all rooms overlook a garden, the apartment is really quiet. It can be describe as below :  - Entrance hall with cupboards where you will find the washer and dryer - On the left-hand side, there is the independent and furnished kitchen (oven, boiler, coffee machine, toaster, induction cooker, freezer,... - On the right-hand side, there is an independent WC - The living room has a dining table with 4 chairs, one sofa, one coffee table. - 1st bedroom as a TV ; cupboards, a double-bed (160cm) - Adjoining shower room with wash basin - 2nd bedroom with decorative chimney and another adjoining shower room.	This 80sqm-apartment with Haussmanian-style (molding on the ceiling, parquet floor, high celing) was refurnished 3 years ago and is in perfect condition. It is located on the 2nd floor with elevator, has 2 bedrooms with 2 shower room. Really quiet. Because all rooms overlook a garden, the apartment is really quiet. It can be describe as below :  - Entrance hall with cupboards where you will find the washer and dryer - On the left-hand side, there is the independent and furnished kitchen (oven, boiler, coffee machine, toaster, induction cooker, freezer,... - On the right-hand side, there is an independent WC - The living room has a dining table with 4 chairs, one sofa, one coffee table. - 1st bedroom as a TV ; cupboards, a double-bed (160cm) - Adjoining shower room with wash basin - 2nd bedroom with decorative chimney and another adjoining shower room. The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them
16343	Come and stay in Paris in a charming and elegant space! A beautiful apartment located close to the district of Saint-Germain-des-Près is waiting for you. It is located at 1st floor without elevator (we will help you to bring up your luggages), of a typical Parisian building. Space: - The apartment has a living room with a sitting area and dining room. - A kitchen renovated, is fully equipped and furnished with modern electro appliances and assistive devices. Fridge, induction hob, oven, microwave, toaster, Nespresso machine, kettle ... - A library space and relaxation - A first bedroom with a double bed, and a superb ensuite bathroom with WC. - A second bedroom with a small double bed For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hidden)€ after 12.00 For a check-in before 8.00am in the morning we ask for 50€ to give us upon arrival	Come and stay in Paris in a charming and elegant space! A beautiful apartment located close to the district of Saint-Germain-des-Près is waiting for you. Come and stay in Paris in a charming and elegant space! A beautiful apartment located close to the district of Saint-Germain-des-Près is waiting for you. It is located at 1st floor without elevator (we will help you to bring up your luggages), of a typical Parisian building. Space: - The apartment has a living room with a sitting area and dining room. - A kitchen renovated, is fully equipped and furnished with modern electro appliances and assistive devices. Fridge, induction hob, oven, microwave, toaster, Nespresso machine, kettle ... - A library space and relaxation - A first bedroom with a double bed, and a superb ensuite bathroom with WC. - A second bedroom with a small double bed For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and (phone number hidden)€ afte
16344	Appartement central au coeur de paris proche de tout metro (metro vavin). 2 chambres avec 2 lits double et un salon avec un lit double	magnifique appartement au centre de paris métro vavin proche de montparnasse et de la rue de reine. Il y a 2 chambre et un très grand salon avec une cuisine américaine. Ce qui est vraiment très sympathique Appartement central au coeur de paris proche de tout metro (metro vavin). 2 chambres avec 2 lits double et un salon avec un lit double
16345	"Most of the location: ""In a context of absolute calm and greenery in the center of which is The Place to Be in Paris, you will enjoy this cozy and neat apartment fully renovated in summer 2012. It is located in a street mythical neighborhood: the rue Visconti ((website hidden)) "" Apartment: 2 - 4 people - 1 bedroom - 38 m² Number of rooms: 2 Kitchen Living room 1 Bathroom Office Bedding: 1 double bed 1 sofa bed Indoor facilities: Kitchen: Hot plate Oven Microwave Fridge freezer Coffee maker Toaster Kettle Bathroom: Shower Hairdryer Multimedia: Telephone TV Cable / Satellite TV ADSL internet Wifi Stereo Other: Vacuum cleaner Iron Ironing board Sheets and towels included Heating building: Date of construction: 1650 Date of renovation: 2012 Facing: East View of: courtyard Altitude: - 100 m Location: Lively Floor: 3 of 3 Services: Towels provided Linen provided Possibility cleaning / housekeeping Caretaker / concierge Reception / Airport transport upon demand Hints and tips from the owner:"	"Most of the location: ""In a context of absolute calm and greenery in the center of which is The Place to Be in Paris, you will enjoy this cozy and neat apartment fully renovated in summer 2012. It is located in a street mythical neighborhood: the rue Visconti ((website hidden)) "" Apartment: 2 - 4 people - 1 bedroom - 38 m² Number of rooms: 2 Kitchen Living room 1 Bathroom Office Bedding: 1 double bed 1 sofa bed Indoor facilities: Kitchen: Hot plate Oven Microwave Fridge freezer Coffee maker Toaster Kettle Bathroom: Shower Hairdryer Multimedia: Telephone TV Cable / Satellite TV ADSL internet Wifi Stereo Other: Vacuum cleaner Iron Ironing board Sheets and towels included Heating building: Date of construction: 1650 Date of renovation: 2012 Facing: East View of: courtyard Altitude: - 100 m Location: Lively Floor: 3 of 3 Services: Towels provided Linen provided Possibility cleaning / housekeeping Caretaker / concierge Reception / Airport transport upon demand Hints and tips from the owner:"
16346	This nice and beautiful apartment, at mezzanine floor, has been entirely renovated. It is located  in the historical district of Paris and the most animated, Saint Germain des Prés!  The studio (27 square meters) is very calm looking onto a quietand very charming  courtyard.  In an old and charming 17th century building, the studio is modern, comfortable and very friendly . The kitchen is fully equipped (washing and drying machine, dishwasher).	This very calm apartment is located in a  former mansion of Saint Germain des Pres, built under King Louis XIV. For 1 or 2 people, this studio is  furnished and decorated to stay comfortably, pleasantly in this heart of Paris and  feel like home. This nice and beautiful apartment, at mezzanine floor, has been entirely renovated. It is located  in the historical district of Paris and the most animated, Saint Germain des Prés!  The studio (27 square meters) is very calm looking onto a quietand very charming  courtyard.  In an old and charming 17th century building, the studio is modern, comfortable and very friendly . The kitchen is fully equipped (washing and drying machine, dishwasher). The hosts are totally independant We just live above and are at the disposal of our hosts for any information or help(assistant) during their stay. It is an area where you can do shopping in the most famous luxury department stores or  browse in the gorgeous  antiquarian shops. You  can  stop to have a 
16347		Blabla
16348	Hello, I rent my large room in a large collocation where we are at the heart of the district 3 St Germain, rue de Rennes. Description: > 1st floor apartment with lift > Fully equipped kitchen > Bathroom with bath > Separate Toilet > Large entry > A single bed > A double bed > Washing Machine, wifi compatible speaker iphone > In the bathroom, there is available a hair dryer! > The washing machine is also at your service. > The beds are made and towels are at your disposal. Location: > Very central and safe > Ideal for shooping mode, bakery nearby restaurants / bars, small streets for a night out! > The windows overlook a small street (Cassette) so it is silent > On foot: 10 minutes from the Bon Marché, Delicatessen (Best grocery store in Paris with food from all over the world) / 20mn Montparnasse (train / tower and Galeries Lafayette) / In the heart of St Germain / Luxembourg Gardens / 1km the famous Latin Quarter / Notre Dame Cathedral. > Metro line 4 (St Sulpice) and 12 (Rennes or Se	In a beautiful building in the heart of Paris, I leave you my room when I 'm not there ! I have 1 single bed and 1 double bed. There are 3 places ! The kitchen and bathroom are equipped with everything you need ! Hello, I rent my large room in a large collocation where we are at the heart of the district 3 St Germain, rue de Rennes. Description: > 1st floor apartment with lift > Fully equipped kitchen > Bathroom with bath > Separate Toilet > Large entry > A single bed > A double bed > Washing Machine, wifi compatible speaker iphone > In the bathroom, there is available a hair dryer! > The washing machine is also at your service. > The beds are made and towels are at your disposal. Location: > Very central and safe > Ideal for shooping mode, bakery nearby restaurants / bars, small streets for a night out! > The windows overlook a small street (Cassette) so it is silent > On foot: 10 minutes from the Bon Marché, Delicatessen (Best grocery store in Paris with food from all over the world)
16349	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    ----------------------------    Welcome to our super cosy, Duplex apartment in central Paris, right in the heart of the famous Saint Germain-6th arrondissement!     This 50 square metres apartment is sunny and quiet, located on the 5th and last floor of a traditional, Parisian, 18th century building. There is a large staircase, the kind that you only see in movies! No elevator so you may want to pack lightly for this trip.    The apartment is fully equipped with all you need for your Paris stay, including internet and TV. It accommodates up to 4 people (2 singles, 1 sofa bed for 2, 1 sofa bed for 1).    The main living area is on the lower floor of the apartment, the bathroom/WC and second sleeping area are on the top floor.      On the lower floor you will find:  the kitchen (equipped with microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher and utensils), the sitting area, the dining area, the first sl	*The flat is 50 sqm big *The total capacity is 4 guests *You will find 1 sofa bed for 2 guests, a double bed and another sofa bed for 1 guest *The flat is on the 5th floor - walkup *The flat is fully equipped. Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    ----------------------------    Welcome to our super cosy, Duplex apartment in central Paris, right in the heart of the famous Saint Germain-6th arrondissement!     This 50 square metres apartment is sunny and quiet, located on the 5th and last floor of a traditional, Parisian, 18th century building. There is a large staircase, the kind that you only see in movies! No elevator so you may want to pack lightly for this trip.    The apartment is fully equipped with all you need for your Paris stay, including internet and TV. It accommodates up to 4 people (2 singles, 1 sofa bed for 2, 1 sofa bed for 1).    The main living area is on the lower floor of the apartment, the bathroom/WC an
16350	The first asset of our apartment is that it is big. With about 120 square meters, it especially has a huge living room that allows 4 people to be very comfortable. We have really thought about the decoration, and tried to build a modern style, in the parisian spirit. Located at the 5th floor, it has a great view on the church nearby. There is an elevator in the building, that goes to the 4th floor. There are 2 rooms, with a double in each. For each room, there is a bathroom and separated toilets. This is very convenient when we have guests at home. It is fully equipped from the kitchen ustensils to the machines. You can either cook everything at home or enjoy the hundreds restaurants and bars around. 	Our apartment has totally been renewed recently, and has been decorated in a parisian trendy style. With two rooms, it can host up to 4 people, with 2 bedrooms, each with a bathroom. In the center of the 6th arrondissement, it is close to everything The first asset of our apartment is that it is big. With about 120 square meters, it especially has a huge living room that allows 4 people to be very comfortable. We have really thought about the decoration, and tried to build a modern style, in the parisian spirit. Located at the 5th floor, it has a great view on the church nearby. There is an elevator in the building, that goes to the 4th floor. There are 2 rooms, with a double in each. For each room, there is a bathroom and separated toilets. This is very convenient when we have guests at home. It is fully equipped from the kitchen ustensils to the machines. You can either cook everything at home or enjoy the hundreds restaurants and bars around.  You have access to the whole apartment.
16351	A stunning 19th century Parisian flat completely renovated by an interior architect in June 2013. In the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. It is a bright, quiet and modern 2 bedroom flat that can accommodate 4 people. It is located on the 3rd floor with a lift. The flat is 55 sqm and includes original features such as parquet, ceiling moldings, and chimney (decorative). The two main entrance doors are digicoded for safety, and are armoured doors. The lounge and 2nd bedroom are on a quiet street and the master bedroom facing a courtyard, both with double glazed windows. It offers a lot of storage thanks to built-in closets. It has an East-West exposure ensuring light through the flat the entire day.  AMENITIES All the appliances and TV equipment are brand new and top-of-the-range. The open plan kitchen is fully equipped: frige/small freezer, washing machine/dryer, micro-wave, dishwasher, 4 zone inductions hob, extractor, Nespresso machine and everything you need to cook with. The bathroo	A stunning 19th century Parisian flat completely renovated by an interior architect in June 2013. In the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. It is a bright, quiet and modern 2 bedroom flat that can accommodate 4 people. It is located on the 3rd floor with a lift. The flat is 55 sqm and includes original features such as parquet, ceiling moldings, and chimney (decorative). The two main entrance doors are digicoded for safety, and are armoured doors. The lounge and 2nd bedroom are on a quiet street and the master bedroom facing a courtyard, both with double glazed windows. It offers a lot of storage thanks to built-in closets. It has an East-West exposure ensuring light through the flat the entire day.  AMENITIES All the appliances and TV equipment are brand new and top-of-the-range. The open plan kitchen is fully equipped: frige/small freezer, washing machine/dryer, micro-wave, dishwasher, 4 zone inductions hob, extractor, Nespresso machine and everything you need to cook with. The bathroo
16352	Convenient place, located in the boulevard Raspail between the Luxembourg gardens and the shopping street rue de Rennes.  In a safe building with guardian. The entire appartment size is 55 sqm The flat is at the top of the building (9th floor with elevator). With a great view of Paris. The neighborhood offers lots of animations, walks, museums and monuments, shopping, restaurants... The district of Saint Germains des Près, le Panthéon, Tour Montparnasse Percfect to discover the city. The private room is spacious with access to the balcony. 	It's a 55sqm flat in the heart of Paris in the chic 6th district. Private room with access on a little balcony and view on Eiffel Tower Free wifi and TV in the room Convenient place, located in the boulevard Raspail between the Luxembourg gardens and the shopping street rue de Rennes.  In a safe building with guardian. The entire appartment size is 55 sqm The flat is at the top of the building (9th floor with elevator). With a great view of Paris. The neighborhood offers lots of animations, walks, museums and monuments, shopping, restaurants... The district of Saint Germains des Près, le Panthéon, Tour Montparnasse Percfect to discover the city. The private room is spacious with access to the balcony. Free access to the bathroom and the kitchen.  The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, oven, fridge, juicer and kettle. The french breakfast is included (croissants, bread, orange juice, tea, coffee) The bathroom is composed of a shower, a sink, mirror and a washing machine. Linnen i
16353	Charming apartment completely renovated in 2012, oak flooring and exposed beams, in the heart of St Germain des Prés, bright and sunny with views over the towers of St Sulpice Church and the roofs of Paris. Beyond the entrance, on the right, the apartment has a large bedroom with integrated bathroom. On the left, the living room has a sofa bed, coffee table, chairs, Hi-fi, TV and fast Internet access It opens on the american kitchen fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, Nespresso... You can take your meals (email hidden) or at the table... Located on the 5th and last floor, it is well insulated and allows views over the rooftops and tree terraces of neighbouring buildings. The street, very quiet in the day, with hardly any car passing through, gets full of activity in the evening, especially on weekends, but the excellent double glazing roof window ensure great tranquillity. The neighbourhood is very nice and animated, with plenty of nice shops, typical market, art galleries, bars and 	Romantic, in heart of Paris St Germain des Prés Full of charm under the roof Typical with visible beams Sights and sun Pedestrian street and local restaurants Charming apartment completely renovated in 2012, oak flooring and exposed beams, in the heart of St Germain des Prés, bright and sunny with views over the towers of St Sulpice Church and the roofs of Paris. Beyond the entrance, on the right, the apartment has a large bedroom with integrated bathroom. On the left, the living room has a sofa bed, coffee table, chairs, Hi-fi, TV and fast Internet access It opens on the american kitchen fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, Nespresso... You can take your meals (email hidden) or at the table... Located on the 5th and last floor, it is well insulated and allows views over the rooftops and tree terraces of neighbouring buildings. The street, very quiet in the day, with hardly any car passing through, gets full of activity in the evening, especially on weekends, but the excellent double 
16354	situé entre la Seine et le Bd. Saint Germain, facile d'accès. Très lumineux et spacieux.  	situé entre la Seine et le Bd. Saint Germain, facile d'accès. Très lumineux et spacieux.  chambre privé, lit deux places, salle de bain, wc, cuisine et salon Je suis disponible pour donner des conseils et des informations pour se déplacer et explorer la ville. Le quartier de Saint Germain à une grande histoire et on trouve beaucoup de lieux mythiques.  Vu que l'appartement est positionné très près de la Seine, nous vous conseillons même la promenade sur le quai. metro n°4 station Saint Germanin des Pres metro n°10 station Mobillon bus (phone number hidden) Le petit déjeuner est disponible de 8h00 à 10h00. vous trouverez - the - Café - Lait ou lait de soja - pain - Croissant - Confiture  - Beurre
16355	Moderne dans un immeuble ancien : une décoration alliant design et meubles chinés. 	Studio de charme et atypique, situé en plein centre du 6 ème arrondissement. Il contient beaucoup d'atouts, situé au troisième et dernier étage sur cour, vous passerez un séjour agréable en toute tranquillité. Il est accessible via différentes lignes de métro et de bus. De nombreux commerces se trouvent à proximité (moins d'une minutes). Les principaux lieux touristiques peuvent se faire à pied (Musée du Louvre, Concorde, Champs Elysées..). Moderne dans un immeuble ancien : une décoration alliant design et meubles chinés. Tout le logement Je peux être contactée par téléphone ou mail et réponds rapidement ; je connais bien Paris et je peux aider à programmer votre visite ! Au coeur de Paris, j'habite à 1 minute du métro Saint Germain des Près, où se situent le quartier typiquement parisien avec notamment des institutions gastronomiques Parisienne (Café de Flore, Procope ...), de nombreuses galeries d'art et boutiques. Idéal pour découvrir la ville ou revenir prendre un bol d'air Parisie
16356	Not big but nice for a stay in the heart of Latin Quarter and St Germain. Modern (industrial style) design. Great bathroom (shower).  A fully equipped kitchen in the studio itself, with oven and small (website hidden) extra Muji bed for a third visitor.	"A very modern newly designed and renovated 25 squaremeters studio with a  slight ""industrial"" touch. Beautiful bathroom with great shower.  Location cannot be beaten, in the heart of the vibrant St Germain, near the famous rue de Buci and its terraces restaurants, a few steps from Le Louvre, or Notre Dame, as well as Musée d'Orsay or Luxembourg Garden.  First floor of a quiet building on a yard. Easy access by foot.  Offering a high tech comfort and amenities TV, Internet etc Not big but nice for a stay in the heart of Latin Quarter and St Germain. Modern (industrial style) design. Great bathroom (shower).  A fully equipped kitchen in the studio itself, with oven and small (website hidden) extra Muji bed for a third visitor. check in and out or key to pick up.  a telephone to call in case of need. Best neighbourhood in Paris. Lots of restaurants, terraces cafes, best bakeries (Paul, Kayser, 1 mn walk),, three supermakets, markets.  luxury brands in the 6th and nice boutiques. Metro Ode"
16357		C'est un studio très pratique qui se trouve dans la Rue Mazarine, qui est au cœur de Paris. Il est tout neuf et bien équipé. 10 minutes à pied arrivant aux plusieurs sites touristiques comme la Seine. Un Carrefour est juste à côté. The apartment is on the 3rd floor without elevator. The door is right in front and a little on left. WIFI: Bbox-B80E9A3E F(phone number hidden)FCD75564AD6FE2FA97CE Code of doors: A7731/28A01
16358		Very furnished studio in the heart of Saint germain des Prés in the center of Paris 6ème. Next to a lot of stores and restaurant but also supermarkets. Close to different lines of subways. Not available for short stay.
16359	Cosy - lumineux agreable à vivre	Au coeur du quartier latin, appartement tout équipé, calme et confortable à deux pas des principales lignes de métro, du jardin du Luxembourg, des musées des restaurants et bars.  Cosy - lumineux agreable à vivre Salon - cuisine - une chambre et une salle de bain Je suis disponible si besoin pour toutes informations et renseignement sur les visites - restaurants.  Au centre de la ville, vivant et charmant.  Ligne 4-10 -12 de métro à 2 min à pieds. RER Luxembourg- Saint michel à 2 minutes
16360	' Hello my special Guests! ***SPECIAL OFFER OF 20%*** to a limited number of guests! The calendar may not be updated properly for special offers and this space cannot be booked online with the discount, so request a Special Offer at: gilles22@postpro.nét, just replace nét with net.	Paris most central and desirable location. 1500 Sqft, just renovated and redecorated. Sleeps 8. Minutes walk to Notre Dame, Le Louvre, subway, taxi, restaurants...
16361	Le plan de l'appartement est optimisé : la chambre est bien séparée de la partie à vivre. Quatre fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour intérieure. L'appartement est chaleureux, silencieux et sa situation exceptionnelle le rend unique !	Ce charmant appartement au cœur de St Germain, près de la rue de Buci, de l'Académie française, du Louvre, proche des cafés et restaurants, des galeries d'art et de la vie animée du 6 ème, accueille au calme deux personnes dans un confort douillet.  Le plan de l'appartement est optimisé : la chambre est bien séparée de la partie à vivre. Quatre fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour intérieure. L'appartement est chaleureux, silencieux et sa situation exceptionnelle le rend unique ! Tout l'appartement est accessible aux voyageurs. Il est au premier étage et il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. Je serai absente quand l'appartement sera loué mais je reste disponible pour toute question. La réputation du 6ème et de Saint-Germain des Près n'est plus à faire ! L'appartement est à deux pas des meilleurs cafés, magasins, jardins et restaurants. On peut aussi bien sortir que trouver tous les produits pour déjeuner et dîner à l'appartement. L'Académie Française, les quais de Seine et leurs bouquinistes, le po
16362		Petit appartement de charme à proximité de toutes commodités. Cuisine entièrement équipée, et machine à café nespresso.. Un matelas pneumatique sera mis à votre disposition ( 2 places) en plus du canapé-lit (2 places).
16363		In the center of Paris and the Latin quarter, 150m to the Seine River and 5 minute walk to the Notre Dame Cathedral, this penthouse has it all! Two bedrooms with an ensuite bathroom, and a fantastic living area on the top floor !
16364	55 quare meters appartment divided in : - 2 bedrooms (1 double bed and 1 bunk bed), - 1 living room (with sofa-bed 1 people), - 1 fully-equipped kitchen, - 1 bathroom  (bath +shower panel), - 1 toilets (obviously), There is all the necessary stuff for children or  baby (stroller, bed...). One more bed can be added for a 5th guest. View on the Saint Sulpice church (the one described in the 'Da Vinci code' novel). The building was constructed in 1635, so it is one of the oldest in Paris.	Historic city center Bright and quiet appartment  2 bedrooms (4 real beds). One of the oldest parisian buiding / Built in 1635 55 quare meters appartment divided in : - 2 bedrooms (1 double bed and 1 bunk bed), - 1 living room (with sofa-bed 1 people), - 1 fully-equipped kitchen, - 1 bathroom  (bath +shower panel), - 1 toilets (obviously), There is all the necessary stuff for children or  baby (stroller, bed...). One more bed can be added for a 5th guest. View on the Saint Sulpice church (the one described in the 'Da Vinci code' novel). The building was constructed in 1635, so it is one of the oldest in Paris. The appartment is on the 4th and last floor - no lift. You can contact me during your stay. Paris historic city centre : Saint Germain des Pres is an old area (about 18th century).  The building is from that time. It is a very living area (restaurants, cafés, cinema, swimming pool...) because there are plenty of tourists and Parisians but the appartment is quiet. Saint Germain-de
16365		Bel appartement typiquement parisien de 64 m²,  au 5e étage de la rue de Rennes, avec balcon filant, très lumineux, deux grandes chambres, Salon avec cheminée, SdB avec baignoire, parquets L'appartement sera rénové en novembre.
16366	Small studio (16m²) that includes all facilities, bathroom with shower, toilet and sink; kitchen with oven, fridge, boiler, toaster and ceramic hob.  The room is simple, not sparkling new, yet located less than a 100m from the entrance of the Luxembourg garden.  Typical parisian room, it is under the roof, 7th floor (with no elevator!) but a relaxing view over quiet gardens.  	Small studio (16m²) that includes all facilities, bathroom with shower, toilet and sink; kitchen with oven, boiler, toaster, fridge and plates / cutlery.  Sheets and towels are also included.  The flat was refurbished last summer (2014) Located steps away from the Luxembourg park, the neighbourhood is filled with life, shop, cinema and culture.  Universities are very close and the Alliance Française is round the corner too.  
16367	Cosy apartment with every thing you need. I live next door so it is easy for me to welcome you and help with directions. I designed this apartment for me and my husband so I would find everything easy and nice !	Quiet apartment, 40 m.sq., elevator (4th floor), double bed, single bed, washer dryer, internet, cable tv, fully equiped kitchen, bath, separate toilets. 3mns walking distance from the Luxembourg Gardens. Metro Vavin. Direct train from airport CDG Cosy apartment with every thing you need. I live next door so it is easy for me to welcome you and help with directions. I designed this apartment for me and my husband so I would find everything easy and nice ! Nice open space with original wooden beams, open kitchen, single bed, double bed. There is a LIFT which is very convenient with a luggage I have an experience of 10 years of renting this flat before airbnb. I always explain the great history of the area, artists who lived here, places to go. There is an instruction guide in the apartment of places to see, where to buy food, which cafés and restaurants to pick, which bus or metro. There are 2 books of great stories written by the visitors, with ideas of things to do and where to go to.
16368	Logement rare par son environnement ( proximité des commerces, des restaurants, des visites et des transports )  Calme assuré au sein de la résidence Studio idéal pour uniquement deux personnes.	Logement rare par son environnement ( proximité des commerces, des restaurants, des visites et des transports )  Calme assuré au sein de la résidence Studio idéal pour uniquement deux personnes. Découverte du Bon Marché et de sa grande épicerie Jardin du Luxembourg à proximité  Le dôme des Invalides  Le quartier de Saint-Germain-des Prés Gare Montparnasse Métro Duroc / Métro Vaneau Stationnement possible dans la rue du studio
16369	Dans un immeuble du 18ème siècle en plein coeur de Paris, 4ème étages sans ascenseur, sécurisé par 2 digicodes, sur cour au calme dans un quartier très vivant et touristique. Une décoration élégante et chaleureuse. L’appartement comprend 1 pièce principale avec canapé-lit très confortable (vrai matelas 140), couchage 2 personnes, une cuisine tout équipée (ustensiles, vaisselle, micro-onde, frigo, bouilloire, machine à café (café dispo), fer à repasser. Une salle de bain avec lavabo, douche, WC, et sèche-cheveux (serviettes fournies pour votre séjour). Draps et serviettes fournis pour la semaine.	 Charmant studio indépendant de 18 m² rénové, dans le centre, quartier St-Michel, Notre-Dame au cœur du vieux Paris historique. Quartier très recherché, car central et avec tous les transports nécessaires au pied de l’immeuble.    Dans un immeuble du 18ème siècle en plein coeur de Paris, 4ème étages sans ascenseur, sécurisé par 2 digicodes, sur cour au calme dans un quartier très vivant et touristique. Une décoration élégante et chaleureuse. L’appartement comprend 1 pièce principale avec canapé-lit très confortable (vrai matelas 140), couchage 2 personnes, une cuisine tout équipée (ustensiles, vaisselle, micro-onde, frigo, bouilloire, machine à café (café dispo), fer à repasser. Une salle de bain avec lavabo, douche, WC, et sèche-cheveux (serviettes fournies pour votre séjour). Draps et serviettes fournis pour la semaine. Vous serez seul à occuper le logement. Le studio est indépendant. Emplacement exceptionnel et idéal. Supermarchés, brasseries branchées où vous pouvez diner, , shoppi
16370	This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D’Artagnans’ bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses. The Paris apartment is on the third floor without a lift, and is made safe with a code first and then an intercom. In March 2012 the apartment has been entirely renovated y an architect and refurnished with brand new and top quality equipment just recently. History and comfort are waiting for you in this Paris short-term rental. The cherry on top of the cake is the lovely 12sqm terrace equipped with table and long chairs…or maybe it is the A/C system, with four adjustable units in the apartment (one in each room). This 90sqm apartment is purely amazing. Everything has been organized to offer a	Marvelous 90sqm apartment suitable for six people to rent in Paris in St Germain. Entirely renovated by an architect, with top of the range equipements, A/C, 12sqm flowered terrace, two bedrooms, a mezzanine, two bathrooms, it has absolutely everythi This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D’Artagnans’ bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers horses. The Paris apartment is on the third floor without a lift, and is made safe with a code first and then an intercom. In March 2012 the apartment has been entirely renovated y an architect and refurnished with brand new and top quality equipment just recently. History and comfort are waiting for you in this Paris short-term rental. The cherry on top 
16371		Appartement 2 pièces 45m² en duplex. 2ème étage sans ascenceur. une chambre avec lit de 190/140 cm. un grand salon avec grand canapé 3 places confortable pour dormir pour une personne + banquette en cuir. cuisine équipée + SDB.  Télé + Internet/wifi
16372	This luminous and quiet one bedroom apartment is located Rue du Dragon, a lovely street in the 6th arrondissement, 2min from Saint-Germain-des-Prés Church and the Flore Café. Situated between Rue de Rennes, rue de Sèvres and Boulevard Saint-Germain, it is on the 2nd floor (3rd American floor) without an elevator. It features a beautifully decorated living room with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom separated by a glass wall. It has been fully renovated and is perfect for a family or romantic stay! This apartment of about 34 square meters (approx. 366 sq ft) features a cosy living room with three windows on two opposite court sides, a comfortable convertible sofa for two guests, a wicker chair, two poufs, two small coffee tables, a dining table with chairs for four and many storage. You will love the refined Parisian decoration and cosy atmosphere with the fire place and all the pillows. The kitchen is located in the hallway and is fully equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher, induct	This luminous and quiet one bedroom apartment is located Rue du Dragon, a lovely street in the 6th arrondissement, 2min from Saint-Germain-des-Prés Church. it is on the 2nd floor without an elevator and it can accomodate 4 guests ! This luminous and quiet one bedroom apartment is located Rue du Dragon, a lovely street in the 6th arrondissement, 2min from Saint-Germain-des-Prés Church and the Flore Café. Situated between Rue de Rennes, rue de Sèvres and Boulevard Saint-Germain, it is on the 2nd floor (3rd American floor) without an elevator. It features a beautifully decorated living room with a convertible sofa, and a bedroom separated by a glass wall. It has been fully renovated and is perfect for a family or romantic stay! This apartment of about 34 square meters (approx. 366 sq ft) features a cosy living room with three windows on two opposite court sides, a comfortable convertible sofa for two guests, a wicker chair, two poufs, two small coffee tables, a dining table with chairs fo
16373	The apartment is a contemporarily furnished 2 bedroom comprising living room, open concept fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, toilet and two bedrooms. We love the apartment, it is where we lived with our 3 children for years. You can sleep 5 people plus one to two babies (in pack n plays provided) or a mix of adults and children of all ages. Ideally a couple with children. There is also a washer, dryer, microwave and dishwasher. The apartment is surrounded on both sides by two quiet courtyard gardens (no street noise) and is ground floor. In addition, there is WiFI, cable, LCD TV, DVD etc. There is also a courtyard where bikes can be locked.  The apartment is ideal for families traveling with Children. Perfect are 2 couples with babies or one couple with 3 children. Ideally a max of 4 adults however 5 adults is possible (it will get tight). Here are the detailed sleeping options: Bedroom 1 – Sleeps 2  -1 Queen bed (sleeps 2)  -Possibility to add 1 or 2 pack n play cribs (suitable from b	Perfect family apartment!  The apartment is a contemporarily furnished 2 bedroom comprising living room, open concept fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, toilet and two bedrooms. We love the apartment, it is where we lived with our 3 children for years. You can sleep 5 people plus one to two babies (in pack n plays provided) or a mix of adults and children of all ages. Ideally a couple with children. There is also a washer, dryer, microwave and dishwasher. The apartment is surrounded on both sides by two quiet courtyard gardens (no street noise) and is ground floor. In addition, there is WiFI, cable, LCD TV, DVD etc. There is also a courtyard where bikes can be locked.  The apartment is ideal for families traveling with Children. Perfect are 2 couples with babies or one couple with 3 children. Ideally a max of 4 adults however 5 adults is possible (it will get tight). Here are the detailed sleeping options: Bedroom 1 – Sleeps 2  -1 Queen bed (sleeps 2)  -Possibility to add 1 or 2 pack n 
16374	TRES CALME au milieu d'un quartier très animé. Appartement très joliment décoré-Luxe, charme et Confort . Le charme et l'ambiance du Quartier latin, le Jardin du Luxembourg , Théâtre de l' Odéon ,St Germain des Prés	Trois pièces de (website hidden) Germain des Prés- Immeuble 18° siècle Proche Sorbonne-Luxembourg- Luxueux - Original et Confortable - Poutres.plancher - 4 couchages MAXIMUM-- -Wifi-Cable-Cuisine équipée - WC indépendants - TRES CALME. COEUR Quartier  Latin TRES CALME au milieu d'un quartier très animé. Appartement très joliment décoré-Luxe, charme et Confort . Le charme et l'ambiance du Quartier latin, le Jardin du Luxembourg , Théâtre de l' Odéon ,St Germain des Prés Echanges très faciles en Anglais et en Espagnol Le quartier est magnifique:Jardin du Luxembourg, L'ODEON, Saint Germain des Prés, La Sorbonne,le Panthéon, Bld ST MICHEL, etc... RER B- STATION LUXEMBOURG oou METRO ODEON - SAINT MICHEL OU CLUNY Un lit Bébé est mis à disposition en cas de besoin. La somme de 50 EUROS est demandée pour le ménage de fin de séjour.
16375	Dauphine Street. 2 rooms flat (36sqm) on the first floor (or 2nd for Americans) of an ancient building of the 17th Century overlooking a quiet and bright courtyard. -Bedroom: double bed, a bureau and a closet; -Living Room: double sofa bed, flat-screen TV, American fully-equipped kitchen; -Bathroom: Italian shower, WC and wash machine. In the courtyard you will be able to admire the Phillipe Auguste’s ramparts relics (of walls and tower as well) built in the end of the 12th Century as a fortification of Paris. Very well-located, this flat is right in the center of the “Quartier Latin” few steps from several import tourist places as Notre Dame Cathedral, the Louvre Museum and the Luxembourg garden. This area is well-known by its different and best places to go out: restaurants, bars and stores. There you will find a lively atmosphere but benefiting from your own  quiet and private space in the flat. Please note that for all long stays (1 month or more) the electricity it's not included,	Dauphine Street. 2 rooms flat (36sqm) on the first floor (or 2nd for Americans) of an ancient building of the 17th Century overlooking a quiet and bright courtyard. -Bedroom: double bed, a bureau and a closet; -Living Room: double sofa bed, flat-screen TV, American fully-equipped kitchen; -Bathroom: Italian shower, WC and wash machine. In the courtyard you will be able to admire the Phillipe Auguste’s ramparts relics (of walls and tower as well) built in the end of the 12th Century as a fortification of Paris. Very well-located, this flat is right in the center of the “Quartier Latin” few steps from several import tourist places as Notre Dame Cathedral, the Louvre Museum and the Luxembourg garden. This area is well-known by its different and best places to go out: restaurants, bars and stores. There you will find a lively atmosphere but benefiting from your own  quiet and private space in the flat. Please note that for all long stays (1 month or more) the electricity it's not included,
16376	Charming studio place des Arts you will enjoy, good rental price for the area	Charming studio in the heart of Paris in the latin area, best place to visit Paris (Orsay, Le Louvre,Notre Dame de Paris, Luxembourg garden, café de Flore, Orsay, Eiffel Tower) enjoy ! Studio de charme situé place des arts en plein coeur du quartier latin, métro au pied de l'appartement. Charming studio place des Arts you will enjoy, good rental price for the area Free wifi, TV If you need some help we will be at your disposal Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Orsay muséum, restaurants... Metro st michel Non smoking please
16377		In the heart of St Germain des Prés with a terrace and flowers and vines, my flat has wooden beams and high ceilings. Very bright, mezzanine, all the modern amenities with the charm of a parisian building. It is quiet, peaceful and rue Buci nearby.
16378	cette chambre se trouve au coeur du quartier Montparnasse (au coeur de Paris à la limite entre le 6ème et le 14eme arrondissement, et vous permettra de profiter des agréments de ce quartier, avec ses nombreux cinémas, restaurants, et théâtres. This room is located in the heart of the Montparnasse district (in the heart of Paris on the border between the 6th and the 14th district, and you can enjoy the amenities of the area, with its many theaters, restaurants, and theaters. A 5 min à pied de la Tour Montparnasse, de la gare Montparnasse, et des lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13 et du métro; vous pourrez facilement vous deplacer (15 minutes pour les Champs Elysée ou la tour Eiffel par exmeple). Vous serez également à 5 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg. A 5 min walk from the Montparnasse Tower, Montparnasse station and lines 4, 6, 12 and 13 and the metro, you can easily move up (15 minutes to Champs Elysees and the Eiffel Tower by exmeple). You will also be a 5-minute walk from the Luxembourg 	cette chambre se trouve au coeur du quartier Montparnasse (au coeur de Paris à la limite entre le 6ème et le 14eme arrondissement, et vous permettra de profiter des agréments de ce quartier, avec ses nombreux cinémas, restaurants, et théâtres. This room is located in the heart of the Montparnasse district (in the heart of Paris on the border between the 6th and the 14th district, and you can enjoy the amenities of the area, with its many theaters, restaurants, and theaters. A 5 min à pied de la Tour Montparnasse, de la gare Montparnasse, et des lignes 4, 6, 12 et 13 et du métro; vous pourrez facilement vous deplacer (15 minutes pour les Champs Elysée ou la tour Eiffel par exmeple). Vous serez également à 5 minutes à pied du jardin du Luxembourg. A 5 min walk from the Montparnasse Tower, Montparnasse station and lines 4, 6, 12 and 13 and the metro, you can easily move up (15 minutes to Champs Elysees and the Eiffel Tower by exmeple). You will also be a 5-minute walk from the Luxembourg 
16379	Beautiful & cozy  studio  18m2 fully furnished and equipped. It is located in the Saint Germain quarter a few steps from Boulevard Saint Germain, Seine River, Concorde & Louvre Museum, in one of the most prestigious and secure areas of central Paris. Tastefully decorated, it is very functional. A few metro stations away from Latin Quarter, Ecole Militaire & Invalides. Near all conveniences, shopping areas (bld Saint Germain, Bon Marché, Faubourg St Honoré & Rue Royale & Rue de Rennes), Restaurants and Transportation. Easy access to numerous metro lines  (4,10, RER B&C) Known for its lively atmosphere and bistros, the Saint Germain quarter is ideal to enjoy Central Paris! It consists of 1 living/dining room with sofa- bed  ,Flat screen TV ,one fully equipped kitchen, (refrigerator, oven, dish-washer, washing machine, crockery, valuum cleaner etc),  and one bathroom with Italian shower and toilet. Internet Access & unlimited WiFi . Linen & towels provided. Utilities included.	Beautiful & cozy  studio  18m2 fully furnished and equipped. It is located in the Saint Germain quarter a few steps from Boulevard Saint Germain, Seine River, Concorde & Louvre Museum, in one of the most prestigious and secure areas of central Paris. Tastefully decorated, it is very functional. A few metro stations away from Latin Quarter, Ecole Militaire & Invalides. Near all conveniences, shopping areas (bld Saint Germain, Bon Marché, Faubourg St Honoré & Rue Royale & Rue de Rennes), Restaurants and Transportation. Easy access to numerous metro lines  (4,10, RER B&C) Known for its lively atmosphere and bistros, the Saint Germain quarter is ideal to enjoy Central Paris! It consists of 1 living/dining room with sofa- bed  ,Flat screen TV ,one fully equipped kitchen, (refrigerator, oven, dish-washer, washing machine, crockery, valuum cleaner etc),  and one bathroom with Italian shower and toilet. Internet Access & unlimited WiFi . Linen & towels provided. Utilities included.
16380	This charming duplex apartment is located on the lovely rue Séguier, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement.  Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it reflects the Parisian charm. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it accommodates four guests and is perfect for a family stay or friends.  This apartment of about 35 square meters (377 sq ft), features a spacious living room with large windows, very high ceilings, and beautiful wooden floor. Fourniture includes a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), a coffee table, small poufs, a TV set with cable TV, small desk and a chair.  The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave oven, fridge, hob, washing machine, coffee machine, toaster and all utensils if you want cook. There are three stools in front of the counter, where you can enjoy your meals.  From the living room you have access to the bedroom located upstairs on the mezzanine. The ceiling is about 1.60m high (about 5.25 feet). The bedroom is 	Charming apartment in duplex located Rue Seguier, in Saint Germain des prés, 6th arrondissement, next to the Seine river. 1st floor with an elevator. Recently renovated with a lovely decoration & bedroom on mezzanine. Perfect for a family! This charming duplex apartment is located on the lovely rue Séguier, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement.  Close to the River Seine and the Latin Quartier, it reflects the Parisian charm. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it accommodates four guests and is perfect for a family stay or friends.  This apartment of about 35 square meters (377 sq ft), features a spacious living room with large windows, very high ceilings, and beautiful wooden floor. Fourniture includes a convertible sofa (140x190 centimeters), a coffee table, small poufs, a TV set with cable TV, small desk and a chair.  The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave oven, fridge, hob, washing machine, coffee machine, toaster and all utensils if you want 
16381	Located in the heart of Saint Germain in one of the oldest streets of Paris, La Rue Visconti has, since 1540, shared parts of the lifes of several famous Parisian characters such as Honoré de Balzac, Eugène Delacroix, Voltaire, André Gide and many more... Former artist's studio, the flat is very bright and has retained, with its exposed beams, the charm of Parisian buildings of the time. Completely redone, its 269ft² can accommodate up to a couple, with a fitted kitchen and shower room. In the middle of the neighborhood of art galleries, you can just as well have a coffee at the Deux Magots or Café de Flore, that cross the Pont des Arts to stroll around the courtyard of the Louvre. The 6th district is very lively and full of cafes, restaurants, bars and small shops. The nearby rue de Buci with its market is a popular place for both tourists and locals alike. Amenities:  High-speed wireless access  Flat screen TV  DVD player Nearest Métro stations:  Saint Germain des Prés  Mabillon  Odé	Located in the heart of Saint Germain in one of the oldest streets of Paris, La Rue Visconti has, since 1540, shared parts of the lifes of several famous Parisian characters such as Honoré de Balzac, Eugène Delacroix, Voltaire, André Gide and more... Located in the heart of Saint Germain in one of the oldest streets of Paris, La Rue Visconti has, since 1540, shared parts of the lifes of several famous Parisian characters such as Honoré de Balzac, Eugène Delacroix, Voltaire, André Gide and many more... Former artist's studio, the flat is very bright and has retained, with its exposed beams, the charm of Parisian buildings of the time. Completely redone, its 269ft² can accommodate up to a couple, with a fitted kitchen and shower room. In the middle of the neighborhood of art galleries, you can just as well have a coffee at the Deux Magots or Café de Flore, that cross the Pont des Arts to stroll around the courtyard of the Louvre. The 6th district is very lively and full of cafes, restaur
16382	This apartment enjoys a perfect location in Saint Germain des Prés. It overlooks splendid gardens planted with centennial trees you can admire from the balcony of the living room, so you can enjoy the singing of the birds while staying in central Paris. It features an open plan kitchen and a nice dining room, a spacious and comfortable living room overlooking the gardens, a master bedroom also on the park with an en-suite bathroom, two other bedrooms with double beds sharing a shower room, and seperate toilet (no toilet in the shower room nor the bathroom). Here is a well designed and charmfull apartment for a classy stay in Paris.	On the 4th floor with elevator in the shopping rue de Rennes, this spacious apartment features 3 bedrooms with double bed, a bathroom, a shower room, a fully equipped kitchen adjoining a dining room and a splendid living overlooking nice gardens.  This apartment enjoys a perfect location in Saint Germain des Prés. It overlooks splendid gardens planted with centennial trees you can admire from the balcony of the living room, so you can enjoy the singing of the birds while staying in central Paris. It features an open plan kitchen and a nice dining room, a spacious and comfortable living room overlooking the gardens, a master bedroom also on the park with an en-suite bathroom, two other bedrooms with double beds sharing a shower room, and seperate toilet (no toilet in the shower room nor the bathroom). Here is a well designed and charmfull apartment for a classy stay in Paris. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and ca
16383	LUXURY BUILDING ROOM WITH SHOWER, TV & WI-FI	LUXURY BUILDING ROOM WITH SHOWER, TV & WI-FI
16384	"Large apartment with charm in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, which can host 6 adults and 2 children (2 bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living room), or 4 adults and 4 children (one room with 4 beds), leading on the street . Wooden floors and molded ceilings, numerous decorations and a great  ""cozy"". atmosphere.. Located in the heart of Paris, the 6th is home to many art galleries and luxury famous shops for their ready to wear high-end streets. Close to the oldest and most prestigious department store in Paris, Le Bon Marché, this neighborhood is very safe and suitable for children, you will find many ""café"", wine bars and restaurants. The apartment is well established: An entry that links the various parts of the apartment where you will find a fireplace with a large mirror, decoration and two offices.  On your left, a living room / dining room: Dining > Solid wood table, seats 6-8; > 3 seater sofa bed for 2 persons; > Decorative fireplace; > Buffet and dishes; Salon > 5 seater sofa;"	"Large apartment with charm in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, which can host 6 adults and 2 children (2 bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living room), or 4 adults and 4 children (one room with 4 beds), leading on the street . Wooden floors and molded ceilings, numerous decorations and a great  ""cozy"". atmosphere.. Located in the heart of Paris, the 6th is home to many art galleries and luxury famous shops for their ready to wear high-end streets. Close to the oldest and most prestigious department store in Paris, Le Bon Marché, this neighborhood is very safe and suitable for children, you will find many ""café"", wine bars and restaurants. The apartment is well established: An entry that links the various parts of the apartment where you will find a fireplace with a large mirror, decoration and two offices.  On your left, a living room / dining room: Dining > Solid wood table, seats 6-8; > 3 seater sofa bed for 2 persons; > Decorative fireplace; > Buffet and dishes; Salon > 5 seater sofa;"
16385	We are renting 1 BEDROOM in our apartment ideally located in the very heart of Saint Germain des Prés, an extremely lively district filled with stores, pubs, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, you name it! Saint Sulpice church, the Luxembourg Garden, Latin district (students area) are a stone's throw away. And we are a 10- to 15-minute walk to Notre Dame cathedral, les Halles, Hotel de Ville and all the hype of the Marais. The bedroom is equipped with TV/DVD. Wifi available.	9sqm bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard in a 55sqm in the famous district of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Storing space is available right outside the room. The rest of the flat will be shared with us and our 2 small Jack Russell dogs :) We are renting 1 BEDROOM in our apartment ideally located in the very heart of Saint Germain des Prés, an extremely lively district filled with stores, pubs, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, you name it! Saint Sulpice church, the Luxembourg Garden, Latin district (students area) are a stone's throw away. And we are a 10- to 15-minute walk to Notre Dame cathedral, les Halles, Hotel de Ville and all the hype of the Marais. The bedroom is equipped with TV/DVD. Wifi available. Our district is easily accessible by all public transportation services including - many bus lines (phone number hidden), ...),  - 2 metro lines (4 and 10)  - and 2 express train lines (RER B and C), connecting very easily to all major train stations and airports.
16386	Pour un séjour agréable dans un environnement simple et chaleureux. Si vous êtes pianiste, vous êtes invité(e) à utiliser le piano que ma fille a un peu délaissé. Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine (machines à laver le linge et la vaisselle) si vous le souhaitez. Nous partageons la salle de bains (sèche-cheveux) Je suis à votre disposition pour vous raconter Paris, vous indiquer des visites originales, vous conseiller de bons restaurants… Le quartier est très agréable, mythique.  Montparnasse et Saint-Germain-des-Prés  sont tout proches avec leurs cinémas, les cafés et les restaurants. Le Jardin du Luxembourg est une merveille tout au long de l'année. Aux alentours, les librairies et les boutiques de mode et de design sont légions. Les musées ne sont pas loin. Vous pourrez vous y rendre en vous promenant. Métro et bus sont très proches.	Pour un séjour agréable dans un environnement simple et chaleureux. Si vous êtes pianiste, vous êtes invité(e) à utiliser le piano que ma fille a un peu délaissé. Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine (machines à laver le linge et la vaisselle) si vous le souhaitez. Nous partageons la salle de bains (sèche-cheveux) Je suis à votre disposition pour vous raconter Paris, vous indiquer des visites originales, vous conseiller de bons restaurants… Le quartier est très agréable, mythique.  Montparnasse et Saint-Germain-des-Prés  sont tout proches avec leurs cinémas, les cafés et les restaurants. Le Jardin du Luxembourg est une merveille tout au long de l'année. Aux alentours, les librairies et les boutiques de mode et de design sont légions. Les musées ne sont pas loin. Vous pourrez vous y rendre en vous promenant. Métro et bus sont très proches.
16387		Appartement plein de charme et authentique. Vous pourrez y séjourner à 6 aisément. Au 2ème étage, vue dégagé. Il est composé de 2 grandes chambres (1 lit deux places et 2 lit une place + 2 lit 1 place dans un grand salon) Cuisine américaine.
16388	Appartement de 45 m², il peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personne. Il se compose d’une charmante chambre avec un lit double, cuisine indépendante toute équipée, salle de bain avec douche et baignoire et lave linge, d’un grand salon avec un lit double et un canapé convertible 2 places.  Double vitrage, parquet, chauffage central et accès Wifi en haut débit.	Appartement, idéal pour une famille, pouvant contenir jusqu'à 6 personnes. Proposant toutes les commodités, il est situé à quelques pas du Jardin du Luxembourg au cœur du fameux 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Appartement de 45 m², il peut accueillir jusqu’à 6 personne. Il se compose d’une charmante chambre avec un lit double, cuisine indépendante toute équipée, salle de bain avec douche et baignoire et lave linge, d’un grand salon avec un lit double et un canapé convertible 2 places.  Double vitrage, parquet, chauffage central et accès Wifi en haut débit. Accès à tout le logement Nous vous accueillons sur place et vous donnons les clés ainsi que les codes wifi, peu importe votre heure d'arrivée. Nous restons joignables tout au long de votre séjour pour répondre à vos questions ou pour vous fournir les bons plans pour un séjour réussi à Paris. Cet  appartement, clair et lumineux, est situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur au fond du jardin d’un bel du 6ème arrondissement de Paris. Idéalement
16389	You will enjoy staying in a particularly safe and friendly area, 1 minute walk only from Duroc metro (email hidden)le air conditioning unit. Easy access to most touristic areas of Paris. Although small, the flat is very convenient and comfy. With a bit of luck as regards the weather, you may want to take your morning tea in the sun on the little terrace! 	"Lovely studio flat located in a very safe, quiet and central area of Paris, between Montparnasse and Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Excellent bed. Available in July and August, and for weekends on demand. You will enjoy staying in a particularly safe and friendly area, 1 minute walk only from Duroc metro (email hidden)le air conditioning unit. Easy access to most touristic areas of Paris. Although small, the flat is very convenient and comfy. With a bit of luck as regards the weather, you may want to take your morning tea in the sun on the little terrace! I will be there to meet you at your arrival and I will also see you out.  The neighborhood is very quiet but also lively with a quantity of shops. Metro - many buses - it is also easy to walk from one place to another as it is very central. Five minutes walk to Montparnasse, or to the famous Parisian shop ""Le Bon Marché"" at Sèvres-Babylone. Fifteen minutes walk to Saint-Germain-Des-Prés or Saint-Sulpice.  The studio is equiped with a mobile "
16390	Dans un emplacement exceptionnel , chic appartement familial de 4 pièces au 3e étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien au cœur du Paris historique. Chaleureux, lumineux , ensoleillé , vous aurez  tout l'appartement typiquement parisien à votre disposition avec parquets, moulures et 3 cheminées. Vous serez dans un écrin authentique lors de votre prochain séjour à Paris.  Un balcon filant avec table et chaises de jardin, fleuri apporte une note de charme et de romantisme. L'appartement est composé d'un salon/chambre avec internet TV écran plat, Wifi, lecteur DVD; d'un  séjour/salle à manger avec piano; d'une chambre avec lits superposés; d'une chambre avec lit simple; d'une cuisine séparée équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cuisinière électrique, frigo-américain Samsung, micro-ondes, machine à café Nespresso et petits électroménagers etc... complétés par des produits alimentaires de base; d'une salle de bains/douche avec WC intégré, lave-linge; d'un wc séparé. Une centrale de repassage est à votr	Bel appartement familial de 112m². Très ensoleillé, au cœur de Saint-Germain-des-Prés carrefour de la culture : commerces,  transports, galeries d'art, musée du Louvre,  Notre-Dame de Paris, musée d'Orsay, cafés de Flore, Lipp et des Deux Magots ... Dans un emplacement exceptionnel , chic appartement familial de 4 pièces au 3e étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien au cœur du Paris historique. Chaleureux, lumineux , ensoleillé , vous aurez  tout l'appartement typiquement parisien à votre disposition avec parquets, moulures et 3 cheminées. Vous serez dans un écrin authentique lors de votre prochain séjour à Paris.  Un balcon filant avec table et chaises de jardin, fleuri apporte une note de charme et de romantisme. L'appartement est composé d'un salon/chambre avec internet TV écran plat, Wifi, lecteur DVD; d'un  séjour/salle à manger avec piano; d'une chambre avec lits superposés; d'une chambre avec lit simple; d'une cuisine séparée équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cuisinière électrique, frig
16391	Discover Paris by staying in my lovely flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter, a little street called rue Bernard Palissy in the 6th district, 1 minute away from Place Saint Germain des Prés This 50m2 apartment has 2 independant bedrooms with linen, 1 living room, one bathroom with separate toilets, and 1 kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator, freezer, sink, oven, stove, a microwave and a washer/dryer. It is fully furnished, with 2 double beds, a sofa, 2 armchairs, and also has a washer/dryer. It has wooden floors, and a beautiful view on the rooftops of Paris.  It is at the 6th floor of the building without an elevator which will surely keep you fit for the summer! :) The closest subway 1 minute away by foot is Saint Germain des Prés. A little further there is Montparnasse, Odéon, Saint MIchel.... This is the very center of Paris! You will find restaurants, trendy cafés, Paris' finest shops, museums, public gardens like le Luxembourg, nice quiet streets here and there....  Do not h	Enjoy my lovely flat in St Germain des près, the heart of the Latin Quarter Discover Paris by staying in my lovely flat in the heart of the Latin Quarter, a little street called rue Bernard Palissy in the 6th district, 1 minute away from Place Saint Germain des Prés This 50m2 apartment has 2 independant bedrooms with linen, 1 living room, one bathroom with separate toilets, and 1 kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator, freezer, sink, oven, stove, a microwave and a washer/dryer. It is fully furnished, with 2 double beds, a sofa, 2 armchairs, and also has a washer/dryer. It has wooden floors, and a beautiful view on the rooftops of Paris.  It is at the 6th floor of the building without an elevator which will surely keep you fit for the summer! :) The closest subway 1 minute away by foot is Saint Germain des Prés. A little further there is Montparnasse, Odéon, Saint MIchel.... This is the very center of Paris! You will find restaurants, trendy cafés, Paris' finest shops, museums, public
16392	"At the corner of ""rue de Buci"" and ""rue de Seine"", cosy Duplex apartment:  * this is located in one of the best places of Paris! Shops and Cafes are located within few walking steps !   * 4th floor with a lift ....  * One bedroom with a living-room + small kitchen and a bathroom. You reach the bedroom by a wooden stairs. * Ideally two persons but the apartment can accomodate a third person in the sofa bed of the living room. Lifely area with cafés and restaurants , but very quiet place: the windows are facing the courtyard. * Metro: ODEON or MABILLON (line 10 or line 4) - walking distances to Notre Dame and Louvre Musuem. IMPORTANT: this apartment is not recommended for people who have difficulty in moving. To reach the two bedrooms, one must pass through a steep wooden staircase. What makes its charm ! No smoking is kindly requested ! "	"At the corner of ""rue de Buci"" and ""rue de Seine"", cosy Duplex apartment:  * this is located in one of the best places of Paris! Shops and Cafes are located within few walking steps !   * 4th floor with a lift ....  * One bedroom with a living-room + small kitchen and a bathroom. You reach the bedroom by a wooden stairs. * Ideally two persons but the apartment can accomodate a third person in the sofa bed of the living room. Lifely area with cafés and restaurants , but very quiet place: the windows are facing the courtyard. * Metro: ODEON or MABILLON (line 10 or line 4) - walking distances to Notre Dame and Louvre Musuem. IMPORTANT: this apartment is not recommended for people who have difficulty in moving. To reach the two bedrooms, one must pass through a steep wooden staircase. What makes its charm ! No smoking is kindly requested ! "
16393		"Un studio de 6m2 est situé dans quartier très sympathique (à 30 mètres du métro Saint Sulpice, 300m du métro Sèvres-Babylone) au 6e étage (avec ascenseur).La douche est dans la chambre et les toilettes sont sur palier.Internet de très haut débit. Subway line 4, station Saint sulpice. Subway lines 10 and 12, station ""Sèvres Babylone"" On ne reçois pas de client après 23h00. Toutes les arrivées tardives sera fracturées une somme supplémentaire de 15 euros sur place pour une arrivée de 23h à 00h et 50 euros après 00h. Merci pour votre compréhension."
16394	The apartment is warm. Lots of colors and sunny  It is an apartment where I lived most of the time but my work oblige me to  travel for  long period. It has the comfort of an apartment were we leave all year. 	"Spacious apartment in the heart of st germain des prés, with a unique parisian atmosphere. Located on the 4th floor of a 19 th century building Passage private quiet 2 bedrooms,  lounge-dining room,  kitchen fully equip,  bathroom with bathtub  The apartment is warm. Lots of colors and sunny  It is an apartment where I lived most of the time but my work oblige me to  travel for  long period. It has the comfort of an apartment were we leave all year.  No restriction I am fully open to communicate with guest. The life, the architecture, walking distance from the Louvre, to cross ""le pont neuf""  or the Pont des Arts; go to the Garden of the Luxembourg or walk to Notre Dame   Métro Bus RER less than 5 mn walking distance . It is the best to be in the heart of Paris wifi free sono..."
16395	"HELLO THE WORLD : ) I rent you my fabulous and authentic apartment located in ODEON just next by ""Saint Germain des Près"" 200m from ""musée du Louvre-d'Orsay"" and ""Quai de Seine""!!!  The location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bars , banks ,  pharmacies , supermarkets at less than 1mn walk ;p  The area is peaceful, safe , typically parisian and in the tourist heart of Paris.  -The metro Odeon is at only 2mn   The apartment is QUIET, COMFORTABLE , FONCTIONNAL ,AUTHENTIC 25m2 , with : - A room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people )  - A Kitchen full equipped  - A Nice bathroom ( bathtube+ toilets)  - Internet ( WIFI : VERY GOOD CONNECTION )  -TV  IMPORTANT CLEANING FEE :   -I will ask for 35 euros in cash at the check in please. Thank you and see you soon  Garyyyy : ) "	HELLO THE WORLD : ) I rent you my wonderful and authentic apartment located in the heart of LE MARAIS just next by the famous PLACE DES (email hidden) by walk from NOTRE DAME !!!  The location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bar
16396	In the heart of Montparnasse, we offer you a wonderful old style appartment, in the tradition of the 30ies parisian style, with two lovely balconies on a garden and parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés.You'll be staying in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The appartment offers a large kitchen (modern equipment) and a very cosy living-room with books, antics from the 30ies and before. Those two rooms open on a balcony, with a unique view from the 5th floor on Eglise Saint Sulpice and the roofs of Paris. The two bedrooms give on a charming balcony, on a peaceful garden. You'll enjoy the little table to have a drink after or before a long day of visiting & shopping in the heart of Paris. They're really sunny (south) and quiet. Both with a unique decoration, wooden furniture, velvet coaches, piano and antique mirrors.The bathroom is very large and all wooden, with a bathtube. Internet, TV, DVD player. Th	Last minute promotion for this beautiful designer appartment in the heart of Paris, between Montparnasse and Saint Germain des près.  10 min to Notre Dame, Louvre, Orsay and Eiffel Tower.  Art Nouveau and Retro design flat, ideally located ! In the heart of Montparnasse, we offer you a wonderful old style appartment, in the tradition of the 30ies parisian style, with two lovely balconies on a garden and parisian roofs of Saint Germain des Prés.You'll be staying in a luxury appartment (90m2) fully furnished with splendid antiques of the 19th century, french, chinese and italian. The appartment offers a large kitchen (modern equipment) and a very cosy living-room with books, antics from the 30ies and before. Those two rooms open on a balcony, with a unique view from the 5th floor on Eglise Saint Sulpice and the roofs of Paris. The two bedrooms give on a charming balcony, on a peaceful garden. You'll enjoy the little table to have a drink after or before a long day of visiting & shopping 
16397	Small (25sqm) but very cosy like a nest in the centre of Paris	Little Studio under the Parisian roofs. Located in the heart of Paris in Saint Michel, 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame cathedral and 10 from Chatelet. It's cosy and all equipped for your comfort and enjoyment.    Small (25sqm) but very cosy like a nest in the centre of Paris I am not in the apartment when you rent it. Very touristy place, close to Notre Dame de Paris, Les jardins du Luxembourg, very lively streets with retsuarants and bars such as rue Mouffetard, rue St André des arts and rue des Cannettes. You can walk everywhere. It's very central. Metro line 4 Odeon or St Michel, line 10 Odeon, RER B Cluny la Sorbonne (50 minutes direct from CDG airport)
16398	***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with wooden floor, a fire place, high ceiling with molding. It is fully renovated and located Rue des Grands Augustins, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This 55sqm apartment offers a double living room with comfy sofa-bed for two and a large flat screen TV and the wifi, a dining corner for 5 people, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a 17th century building. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to the Louvre or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. The owner puts a 	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris! Feel the atmosphere of the Ancient time and get lost in Saint Germain-des-Près. Experience the life in Paris in one of the most historical district of the city. ***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is typically Parisian with wooden floor, a fire place, high ceiling with molding. It is fully renovated and located Rue des Grands Augustins, well-known for its great Parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, and close from cafés and cinemas. This 55sqm apartment offers a double living room with comfy sofa-bed for two and a large flat screen TV and the wifi, a dining corner for 5 people, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a 17th century building. The classic Parisian architecture with lots of character make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ‘la vie Parisienne’. Step outside to the many shops, and hop over the river on one side to
16399	Comfortable apartment on the 1st floor of a 17th century building in central Paris in the heart of St. Gemain Pres. This apartment consists of: a living room with a bed settee, an armchair, a coffee table, a TV, high speed internet. a kitchen with: a bar table and two bar chairs, a refrigerator, a washing machine, cooking hobs, extractor hood, combo, coffee maker, kettle, toaster. One bedroom: 1 double bed 160 cm, desks, cupboards. bathroom: shower, washbasin and toilet An extra room: a bed cabinet. Literary and philosophical district of Paris has inspired many artists, you will discover the Parisian life. Animated day and night you will be close to all commerce, cinema, restaurants and public transport (metro Odéon, Saint Michel)	Comfortable apartment on the 1st floor of a 17th century building in central Paris in the heart of St. Gemain Pres. This apartment consists of: a living room with a bed settee, an armchair, a coffee table, a TV, high speed internet. a kitchen with: a bar table and two bar chairs, a refrigerator, a washing machine, cooking hobs, extractor hood, combo, coffee maker, kettle, toaster. One bedroom: 1 double bed 160 cm, desks, cupboards. bathroom: shower, washbasin and toilet An extra room: a bed cabinet. Literary and philosophical district of Paris has inspired many artists, you will discover the Parisian life. Animated day and night you will be close to all commerce, cinema, restaurants and public transport (metro Odéon, Saint Michel)
16400		Very quiet and luminous flat in Saint-Germain-des-Près (30m2). The location is perfect, you will live nearby the Café de Flore, le Bon Marché, l'Eglise de Saint-Germain and have a quiet view on the roofs of Paris. - high-speed internet wifi  - fully equipped kitchen w/ fridge, coffe machine, oven, dishwasher, ...  - air conditionning - washer/dryer combo  - hair dryer - iron + ironing board - airplay music I will remain available during your stay and I adapt myself according on your specific needs. You will be in in one of the best area of Paris, the neighborhood is fantastic: great French restaurants, typical cafés, trendy bars and cocktails clubs in the neighborhood.  You also have everything you need for shopping (Le Bon Marché, luxury shops, small designer boutiques,  old books, etc). You will just have to cross the street to access Saint-Germain-des-Prés metro station. Since Mabillon and Sèvres-Babylone metro stations are also around 5 minutes walk from the flat, you can go almost
16401	This is a design flat in the very appreciated neighborhood of Saint Germain des Prés.  Located on the 5th floor with a small lift (2 Persons or 1 person And 1 lugage)  The building was fully renovated. The flat is perfect for a couple or a family with 2 children. - 1 bedroom with a double bed (140cm)  - 1 bathroom with Bath. The toilet is in the bathroom - Living room with convertible bed, the TV didn't work - The kitchen with hot plates and oven No smoking or pets in the apartment and in the building.  Neighbors are respectful of noise levels so please extend the same courtesy during your stay. The light and openness along with the perfect location will keep you coming back for that cosy get away. We remind you that this is a great value place so we ask you to take good care of the flat while you stay here. End of stay cleaning is included + fresh towels and sheets, but it s always Nice to do the minimum of cleaning.	A charming flat, fully furnished and equipped in the heart of Saint Germain des Près. This is a design flat in the very appreciated neighborhood of Saint Germain des Prés.  Located on the 5th floor with a small lift (2 Persons or 1 person And 1 lugage)  The building was fully renovated. The flat is perfect for a couple or a family with 2 children. - 1 bedroom with a double bed (140cm)  - 1 bathroom with Bath. The toilet is in the bathroom - Living room with convertible bed, the TV didn't work - The kitchen with hot plates and oven No smoking or pets in the apartment and in the building.  Neighbors are respectful of noise levels so please extend the same courtesy during your stay. The light and openness along with the perfect location will keep you coming back for that cosy get away. We remind you that this is a great value place so we ask you to take good care of the flat while you stay here. End of stay cleaning is included + fresh towels and sheets, but it s always Nice to do the min
16402	"Beautiful and calm apartment, at the third floor of an ancient building, with one separated bedroom and two single sofa-beds (that can be put together) of the living, it can easily host four people. It has been renovated with taste and attention to the details: the kitchen is functuonal and quite spacious considering the size of the apartment and is ""almost"" separated from the living. The bathroom has a comfortable shower and nice italian ""mosaique"" tiles. Many wardrobes make life easy even with four guests. Saint Germain de Près: the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the wonderful Luxembourg gardens, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets… This is what the most famous and trendy area of Paris offers to its visitors. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of the Seine, to explore the art dealers and the antiques galleries it is an authentic pleasure that it would definitely "	"Beautiful and calm apartment, at the third floor of an ancient building, with one separated bedroom and two single sofa-beds (that can be put together) of the living, it can easily host four people. It has been renovated with taste and attention to the details: the kitchen is functuonal and quite spacious considering the size of the apartment and is ""almost"" separated from the living. The bathroom has a comfortable shower and nice italian ""mosaique"" tiles. Many wardrobes make life easy even with four guests. Saint Germain de Près: the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the wonderful Luxembourg gardens, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets… This is what the most famous and trendy area of Paris offers to its visitors. To walk among the fancy shops, to visit the bookstalls (the ""bouquinistes"") along the banks of the Seine, to explore the art dealers and the antiques galleries it is an authentic pleasure that it would definitely "
16403	Chic area @ old city, you can walk , relax and shopping in the same time also good (website hidden) Michel Notre Dam, Along La Seine river side, Quartier latin Public bike,Bus,Metro,RER and Taxi by 1 minute walking  Jardin du Luxembourg is very near the apartment for walking and joking for fresh air	Paris 6e is the @relax by walking around the city,cinema,restaurants,pubs with live music, which nice and safety area of Paris. To spend day@night for happy hour and holiday. Shopping,Museums,Monuments, and Churches Very safe in this area!!! Chic area @ old city, you can walk , relax and shopping in the same time also good (website hidden) Michel Notre Dam, Along La Seine river side, Quartier latin Public bike,Bus,Metro,RER and Taxi by 1 minute walking  Jardin du Luxembourg is very near the apartment for walking and joking for fresh air Metro Odeon Line4 and10  1mn RER C and B ; station St Michel Notre Dam  3 mn Bus No. (phone number hidden) ; Station St Germain Odeon 1 mn Museums Monuments Churches Public bike,Bus,Metro,RER and Taxi by 1 minute walking Nice garden be hide the apartment for walking and joking for fresh air
16404	This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on Rue Mazarine, in Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. It is situated between Odeon and the Institut de France, next to the Seine River. On the 3rd floor (4th American floor) without an elevator, it has a beautiful decoration with antique furniture, and exposed stone walls. Perfect for a romantic stay or a beautifu stay with your family ! This one bedroom apartment of about 48 square meters (517 sq ft) features a cosy living room with window, a couch that opens into a trundle bed, two armchairs, a wooden coffee table, and wooden furniture. Wooden beams, wooden floor, underlying limestone and massive corner stones convey a lot of charm to this apartment.  The dining room includes another window, a dining table for four, a decorative fireplace, tiled floor, and an open-plan kitchen. It includes an electric stove, microwave, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washer, and dryer. The apartment is equipped with cable TV, internet in wi	Charming one bedroom apartment situated Rue Mazarine, in the 6th arrondissement next to the Institut de France and Seine River. 3rd floor without an elevator. Exposed stone walls and oak beams with a beautiful decoration.  This charming one bedroom apartment is perfectly located on Rue Mazarine, in Saint Germain des Prés, 6th arrondissement. It is situated between Odeon and the Institut de France, next to the Seine River. On the 3rd floor (4th American floor) without an elevator, it has a beautiful decoration with antique furniture, and exposed stone walls. Perfect for a romantic stay or a beautifu stay with your family ! This one bedroom apartment of about 48 square meters (517 sq ft) features a cosy living room with window, a couch that opens into a trundle bed, two armchairs, a wooden coffee table, and wooden furniture. Wooden beams, wooden floor, underlying limestone and massive corner stones convey a lot of charm to this apartment.  The dining room includes another window, a dinin
16405	Immeuble historique classé avec un emplacement exceptionnel très recherché dans la quartier le plus prisé de la capitale.  L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. La vue est exceptionnelle.  Les voyageurs profiteront d'un quartier très animé par ses restaurants, nombreuses galeries d'art et des musées (Pont des Arts, Pont Neuf, Louvre, Notre Dame, Jardin des Tuileries...) et boutiques de vêtements.  Le soir, la rue Guénégaud est calme.  	Appartement très lumineux de haut standing situé dans le quartier historique du cœur de Paris, en bord de seine à 100m du Pont Neuf. Immeuble historique classé avec un emplacement exceptionnel très recherché dans la quartier le plus prisé de la capitale.  L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. La vue est exceptionnelle.  Les voyageurs profiteront d'un quartier très animé par ses restaurants, nombreuses galeries d'art et des musées (Pont des Arts, Pont Neuf, Louvre, Notre Dame, Jardin des Tuileries...) et boutiques de vêtements.  Le soir, la rue Guénégaud est calme.  La station de métro la plus proche est Pont Neuf ou encore Saint Michel ou Odeon, soit à peine 3 minutes à pied. Juste en face de l'immeuble se trouve un arrêt de bus et le bateau bus sur la Seine. Également station de Velib dans la rue.  
16406	The kitchen area is composed of a fridge, a microwave/oven, a freezer, coffee-maker, an induction cooker, an electric water boiler and a blender. The spacious bedroom consists of a large and comfortable double bed. The mezzanine, which is above the living room, includes a really confortable bed for 2 persons. The apartment is also equipped with towels, (email hidden) connection, a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer, irons, a fan and an iPhone/iPod speaker.	Le logement The apartment is composed of a fully equipped kitchen, a living-room with big windows that offer sunshine throughout the day, a dining table with design chairs, a very confortable 160cm sofa bed for 2 persons, a LCD TV and a coffee-table. The kitchen area is composed of a fridge, a microwave/oven, a freezer, coffee-maker, an induction cooker, an electric water boiler and a blender. The spacious bedroom consists of a large and comfortable double bed and a mirror The kitchen area is composed of a fridge, a microwave/oven, a freezer, coffee-maker, an induction cooker, an electric water boiler and a blender. The spacious bedroom consists of a large and comfortable double bed. The mezzanine, which is above the living room, includes a really confortable bed for 2 persons. The apartment is also equipped with towels, (email hidden) connection, a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer, irons, a fan and an iPhone/iPod speaker. The environment could not be better. Bars, restaurants, m
16407	Mini loft avec cour privative 	Mini loft avec cour privative Chambre lit 2 places  télévision  wifi  machine à laver Lave vaisselle  Douche Courettes Loft à louer pour le week-end Nous pouvons vous donnez des adresses agréable et typiquement parisienne.  Nous ne serrons pas disponible pour passer du temps avec vous car nous travaillions le weekend end Le quartier est agréable à deux pas de Montparnasse et du jardin du Luxembourg . le quartier est sympathique, idéal pour découvrir Paris car très bien desservie.  loft disponible pour 3 jours maximum Metro ligne 12 notre Damme des champs Ligne 6 Vavin  Bus (phone number hidden)  Montparnasse a 4 min à pieds
16408		Je loue un appartement de 30 m2 dans le quartier d'odéon à deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg sous les toits, parquet et poutres, très lumineux.  Cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle.
16409	Situated in the fancy 6th district on a well known street with wine and cheese shops, along with boutique stores, this apartment is located in one of the most desirable parts of Paris. A few minute walk to the metro and to the famous Bon Marche luxury department store, the neighbourhood itself is full of Parisian charm. Located on the 3rd floor, the apartment features original wooden beams, modern kitchen and bathroom, living room, and a mezzanine bedroom. A perfect place to stay for a tourism or business trip, this gem is a real find!	Situated in the fancy 6th district on a well known street with wine and cheese shops, along with boutique stores, this apartment is located in one of the most desirable parts of Paris. Situated in the fancy 6th district on a well known street with wine and cheese shops, along with boutique stores, this apartment is located in one of the most desirable parts of Paris. A few minute walk to the metro and to the famous Bon Marche luxury department store, the neighbourhood itself is full of Parisian charm. Located on the 3rd floor, the apartment features original wooden beams, modern kitchen and bathroom, living room, and a mezzanine bedroom. A perfect place to stay for a tourism or business trip, this gem is a real find!
16410		En plein coeur de Saint-Germain-des-Près, un duplex design dans un immeuble du XVIIème siècle. Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple avec 1 ou 2 enfants : une chambre parentale avec sa propre salle de bain, une chambre avec deux lits d'enfants et sa propre salle de bain. Une grande pièce à vivre de 45 m² avec sa cuisine totalement ouverte. Tout est entièrement équipé (TV, wifi, machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle...)
16411		Situé au coeur de l'un des quartiers les plus beaux de Paris, non loin des jardins du Luxembourg, du Panthéon et du quartier Montparnasse, vous y trouverez tous les plus beaux côtés de la capitale avec ses lieux historiques entre autres...
16412		This 90 sq. meter flat has 2 bedroom, 1 large living room and a recently refurbished kitchen. It is at 50m from the Jardin du Luxembourg and located in rue vavin, one of the most prestigious street in Paris as it is very central.
16413	Good standing building secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator. Superb apartment that will appeal to all lovers of design. Very “Zen”, the decoration of this apartment is particularly neat. The apartment has a living room with a table for dinner for 6 people. A sofa bed allows two additional beds. The living room can be isolated from other rooms through sliding panels of fabric. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200), a small office and many storage spaces. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and living room. She has a beautiful walk-in shower. Finally, the kitchen is fully furnished with high-end equipment. To conclude, it is truly a beautiful place in one of the best area of Paris. This apartment is ideal for couples and for a small family.	Splendid apartment in the 6th district to rent. One bedroom+a sofabed. Perfect place for a couple or a small family. Good standing building secured by an intercom. The apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator. Superb apartment that will appeal to all lovers of design. Very “Zen”, the decoration of this apartment is particularly neat. The apartment has a living room with a table for dinner for 6 people. A sofa bed allows two additional beds. The living room can be isolated from other rooms through sliding panels of fabric. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200), a small office and many storage spaces. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and living room. She has a beautiful walk-in shower. Finally, the kitchen is fully furnished with high-end equipment. To conclude, it is truly a beautiful place in one of the best area of Paris. This apartment is ideal for couples and for a small family. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you ent
16414	This sophisticated and well appointed flat is my home and shangri la when I'm in Paris. It has a tranquility to it that is just...well...special. Wake up in the double bed looking out through a glass door onto the terrace and landscaped garden. The kitchen windows look out onto a landscaped interior courtyard. For extra guests, the living room has a couch that folds out into a double bed. There is also a comfortable futon. The kitchen has absolutely everything needed to prepare meals: - Oven and four burner range - Microwave - Dishwasher -Coffee maker and Espresso machine -Toaster -Scads of cookware and utensils There is a dining room table for four; candelabras, fine china, silverware, glasses for wine and champagne, and crystal water glasses for those who want an elegant meal. There is also a small table in the kitchen for dining that seats three persons.  The 65 square meter flat has a well lit and heated all marble bathroom with a full tub/shower. The flooring throughout the flat i	Beautifully decorated, elegant and quiet ground level one bedroom flat in the 6th Arrondissement known as Rive Gauche. Private and secure with a beautiful garden and terrace. Easy walk to the metro, River Seine, des Invalides, and Eiffel Tower.  This sophisticated and well appointed flat is my home and shangri la when I'm in Paris. It has a tranquility to it that is just...well...special. Wake up in the double bed looking out through a glass door onto the terrace and landscaped garden. The kitchen windows look out onto a landscaped interior courtyard. For extra guests, the living room has a couch that folds out into a double bed. There is also a comfortable futon. The kitchen has absolutely everything needed to prepare meals: - Oven and four burner range - Microwave - Dishwasher -Coffee maker and Espresso machine -Toaster -Scads of cookware and utensils There is a dining room table for four; candelabras, fine china, silverware, glasses for wine and champagne, and crystal water glasses 
16415	Pleasant and simple room for 1 person. First Floor, nice view on a lovely garden of ancient covent. You'll easily find shops, restaurants and market.  100 m from Luxembourg park and very close to lot of monuments (Panthéon, Sorbonne, place St Michel, Notre Dame, musée du Louvre, Seine embankment …). No noise, except saturday night, but not too much 	"Anne-Françoise welcome you in this tiny, luminous, independant room, in one of the best places to enjoy Parisian ""rive gauche"" and student lifestyle. Restaurants and store just at the corner, Direct to CDG airport 40 minutes, 15mn to Gare du Nord. Pleasant and simple room for 1 person. First Floor, nice view on a lovely garden of ancient covent. You'll easily find shops, restaurants and market.  100 m from Luxembourg park and very close to lot of monuments (Panthéon, Sorbonne, place St Michel, Notre Dame, musée du Louvre, Seine embankment …). No noise, except saturday night, but not too much Sleeping : comfortable for 1, narrow for 2 (bed is only 1,30m) - Wardrobe for your clothes and luggages – Small bathroom (balneo shower) and hair dryer - Kitchenette with fridge/freezer, 2 hot plaques with oven, toaster, electric kettle, all you need to cook and to eat ! It would be provided :  Internet free access (with WiFi code if you ask for) - Towels & bedsheets (bed is ready when you arrive) "
16416	The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, in one of the liveliest streets with bars, cafes, restaurants. You find at the bottom of the house everything you need.  If you want to live in an apartment nineteenth centuries all renovated with beamed ceiling and floor tiles. This kind of apartment is very rare and occurs in old Paris.  The apartment is 75m2 courtyard, very quiet day or night. It includes:  1 A king size bed with a closet and a large bathroom with walk-in shower and lots of storage.  2 A large living room with a sofa bed 3 seater, a giant flat screen.  3 A large kitchen with all you need (glasses, cutlery, plates ...)  4 A large dining room  5 Separate toilet with a large storage.	The apartment is located in the 6th neighborhood, in one of the liveliest streets with bars, cafes, restaurants... It's so charming, if you want to live like a parisian, it's the best area. Perfect for family trip, romantic trip or friends The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, in one of the liveliest streets with bars, cafes, restaurants. You find at the bottom of the house everything you need.  If you want to live in an apartment nineteenth centuries all renovated with beamed ceiling and floor tiles. This kind of apartment is very rare and occurs in old Paris.  The apartment is 75m2 courtyard, very quiet day or night. It includes:  1 A king size bed with a closet and a large bathroom with walk-in shower and lots of storage.  2 A large living room with a sofa bed 3 seater, a giant flat screen.  3 A large kitchen with all you need (glasses, cutlery, plates ...)  4 A large dining room  5 Separate toilet with a large storage. Wifi / A corbel of fruits and wine for y
16417		Mon Appartement est un appartement contemporain de 36 m2, il est entièrement neuf et se constitue d'une salon, d'une table à manger, d'une cuisine, d'une chambre et d'une salle de douche.  Situé au 2 eme étage d'un immeuble dans St-Germiain des près, l'appartement est parfait pour démarrer de longue balade dans le plus beau et chic quartier de Paris
16418	" Lovely Parisian flat with its beams in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, close to Notre Dame, the Panthéon, the Louvre and the famous Pont des Arts.  Apartment with air-conditioning,  two rooms: one bedroom (king size,160cmX200cm) in the room and a sofa bed (140cmX200 cm) in the living-room, Four persons.   The living room :sofa bed,TV, WIFI, home cinema, a table and two big velux which is very pleasant and bright.  A typicall Parisian small kitchen with tick vitreous ceramic, Nespresso machine, kettle, oven, fridge and frizzer.  The bathroom: shower, Washing machine tumble (7kgs) and hairdryer.  Nearby: supermarket Monoprix (3 mins), Pubs, restaurants and 5 mins walk, the famous Café de Flore, Ladurée Macaroons or Pierre Hermé.  The area is famous for its Arts Galleries, bookshops and of course, luxury shops. For the shopping: don't miss ""rue de Rennes"" and the famous stores le Bon Marché and la Grande Épicerie de Paris, it will take only 5 mins walk.  I would be very delighted to"	Lovely Parisian apartment in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, close to Notre Dame, Louvre and the famous Pont des Arts! Au cœur de Saint-Germain des Prés, à deux pas de Notre Dame, Le Louvre et le célèbre Pont des Arts! Lovely Parisian flat with its beams in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, close to Notre Dame, the Panthéon, the Louvre and the famous Pont des Arts.  Apartment with air-conditioning,  two rooms: one bedroom (king size,160cmX200cm) in the room and a sofa bed (140cmX200 cm) in the living-room, Four persons.   The living room :sofa bed,TV, WIFI, home cinema, a table and two big velux which is very pleasant and bright.  A typicall Parisian small kitchen with tick vitreous ceramic, Nespresso machine, kettle, oven, fridge and frizzer.  The bathroom: shower, Washing machine tumble (7kgs) and hairdryer.  Nearby: supermarket Monoprix (3 mins), Pubs, restaurants and 5 mins walk, the famous Café de Flore, Ladurée Macaroons or Pierre Hermé.  The area is famous for its Arts G
16419	Ideal for 2 adults, it is located right in the heart of the Latin district....very elegant and cosy apartment, right next to the Odeon Metro station, completely renovated.  The apartment measures 33m² (355 sq ft) and is located on the 3rd floor (with an elevator) of a 4-storey 17th century building with its original beams and thick stone wall.  Rue Antoine Dubois is perhaps the shortest street in Paris and just steps away from the Odeon metro station,  by the pedestrian street, away from the traffic noise and pollution. The neighbourhood also boasts some of the best fashion shops of Paris, the picturesque Buci market, the Saint Germain market and has the most concentration of art dealers and antiques galleries of the world along with numerous wonderful restaurants, from French bistros to the trendiest hot spots. Nearby attractions within walking distance include : - Notre Dame cathedrale - Saint Sulpice cathedrale - Saint Germain marche - Ile Saint Louis - Numerous museums - River Sein	Refurbished, 33m2 cosy apartment right in the heart of Paris by the Odeon and St Michel metro station. A block from the St Germain market. Fully equipped kitchen, WIFI, cable TV, washer and phone line. Ideal for 2 adults, it is located right in the heart of the Latin district....very elegant and cosy apartment, right next to the Odeon Metro station, completely renovated.  The apartment measures 33m² (355 sq ft) and is located on the 3rd floor (with an elevator) of a 4-storey 17th century building with its original beams and thick stone wall.  Rue Antoine Dubois is perhaps the shortest street in Paris and just steps away from the Odeon metro station,  by the pedestrian street, away from the traffic noise and pollution. The neighbourhood also boasts some of the best fashion shops of Paris, the picturesque Buci market, the Saint Germain market and has the most concentration of art dealers and antiques galleries of the world along with numerous wonderful restaurants, from French bistros to
16420	Location Location Location!! My 1.5 bedroom flat is wonderfully bright and sunny on the best street in St Germain des Pres. It is above or opposite some of the most beautiful galleries on the Left Bank, with all the cafés, restaurants and local shops just 3 or 4 minutes up the street; the perfect combination of calm yet close to the lively spots. You won't hear bars or buses, but you will hear the bells of the beautiful Institut de France chiming.  This is not a hotel, this is my space and is decorated with items and memories I collect on my travels. Use the kitchen, read the books, but please have the same respect as for your own place! Above all, all my friends and visitors say it simply has a great feel to it; a buena onda as we say in Spanish. I hope you feel it too!  Turn left for 100m, you'll be on the riverbank spoiled for choice! Cross right the Pont Neuf to take you to Notre Dame, or straight on over the magic Pont des Arts, or left on the Pont du Carrousel to take you straigh	This wonderful 60m2 apartment on sought-after rue de Seine in the heart of St Germain des Pres, surrounded by galleries and only 150m from the river, has an unbeatable location, lift, fantastic kitchen, all amenities, and great positive energy! Location Location Location!! My 1.5 bedroom flat is wonderfully bright and sunny on the best street in St Germain des Pres. It is above or opposite some of the most beautiful galleries on the Left Bank, with all the cafés, restaurants and local shops just 3 or 4 minutes up the street; the perfect combination of calm yet close to the lively spots. You won't hear bars or buses, but you will hear the bells of the beautiful Institut de France chiming.  This is not a hotel, this is my space and is decorated with items and memories I collect on my travels. Use the kitchen, read the books, but please have the same respect as for your own place! Above all, all my friends and visitors say it simply has a great feel to it; a buena onda as we say in Spanis
16421	"SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. A few steps from the famous ""Café de Flore"", located on the first floor of a charming building, a beautiful luxury apartment of 63 m2 renovated with flair, imagination and good taste. It consists of an entrance, A large double living room with sofa bed and fireplace. A large room with a comfortable king size bed, Bathroom and separate Toilet. A beautiful fully equipped kitchen. internet / phone / cable included. The ideal luxury Pied-à-Terre in the heart of Saint Germain! Minutes away from Odeon Metro stop.  A 2 minute walk to the river seine. Just around the corner from the famous 'La Palette café/bar'"	"SAINT-GERMAIN-DES-PRES. A few steps from the famous ""Café de Flore"", located on the first floor of a charming building, a beautiful luxury apartment of 63 m2 renovated with flair, imagination and good taste. It consists of an entrance, A large double living room with sofa bed and fireplace. A large room with a comfortable king size bed, Bathroom and separate Toilet. A beautiful fully equipped kitchen. internet / phone / cable included. The ideal luxury Pied-à-Terre in the heart of Saint Germain! Minutes away from Odeon Metro stop.  A 2 minute walk to the river seine. Just around the corner from the famous 'La Palette café/bar'"
16422	"Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay.  The apartment is on the first floor in a very quiet courtyard. Is has a living room with a sofa bed (140*200) and a fully equipped separated, LCD TV (19 ""), Internet access,  dressing, iron, heater. Kitchen : fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar). Bathroom: bath/shower, water closet. Towels are not provided."	The apartment is very well decorated and was recently renovated It is located in the area of st Germain des Près. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - Le Louvre: 1 minute walking distance.  - Champs Elysées: 15 m
16423	le logement et l environnement se prête pour une famille	Vous trouverez dans cette appartement idéalement situé l équipement dont  vous avez besoin pour vos vacances réussies et surtout au pied des commerces, métro, bus qui vous permet d accéder a tous les monuments et sites à visiter, super accueil. le logement et l environnement se prête pour une famille logement entier je suis disponible pour vous aider dans votre séjour Vous êtes dans un  quartier très rechercher avec tous les transports , commerces et restaurants Métro au pied, gare Montparnasse et bus pour bien visiter sans se fatiguer vous avez toutes les lignes pour le métro Je souhaite de préférence une famille
16424	This tiny apartment is a typical parisian building with its Mansard-roofed walls and exposed beams. a living room with a couch and a small open kitchen corner with cooktop and coffee machine. A small bathroom with bath and a washing machine. A room very quiet with windows opening to the courtyard with a 2 person 140 cm bed	"This nice flat has one separated room, a living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom. Ideally located in the area of Saint Germain des Près in the very ""chic"" area of Paris, few steps from the Seine and the famous boulevard Saint Germain This tiny apartment is a typical parisian building with its Mansard-roofed walls and exposed beams. a living room with a couch and a small open kitchen corner with cooktop and coffee machine. A small bathroom with bath and a washing machine. A room very quiet with windows opening to the courtyard with a 2 person 140 cm bed You will have the whole apartment for you Since I am not in Paris right now, OhMyGuest team will take care of everything: booking management, communications with you, key exchanges, and of course all the inquiries you could have. You are in one of the best spot to discover the historical area of Paris, few steps from Saint Germain des Près and its famous Cafés, café de Flore and Deux Magots, 5 minutes walking to the Pont Neuf and"
16425	** Composed of an american kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and spacious living room, the apartment is an ideal location to enjoy and discover Paris. Located on the heart of St Germain des Près, the apartment is on a low flor of a lovely Hotel Particulier. Within the courtyard, the apartment is bathed in light for most of the day. As the apartment is courtyard-facing it is quiet, and unaffected by any street noise. There are a fully equipped kitchen and big leaving room are situated at the entry of the apartment followed by a bathroom and a quiet bedroom with double bed. Towels, sheets, braid cover furnished ** Situé dans un hôtel particulier en plein coeur du quartier de St germain des Près, cet appartement d'une superficie de 70m2 est exposé plein sud et baigne dans la lumière, offrant tout le confort et l'élégance à la française. Toutes les fenêtres donne sur une très jolie cour arborée sans vis à vis, à l'abri des regards, au calme absolu. Il comprend une grande chambre, avec salle de ba	Lovely Parisian apartment located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The apartment is within walking distance (2 min) of Café de Flore. Heaven of peace, countryside in Paris. ** Composed of an american kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and spacious living room, the apartment is an ideal location to enjoy and discover Paris. Located on the heart of St Germain des Près, the apartment is on a low flor of a lovely Hotel Particulier. Within the courtyard, the apartment is bathed in light for most of the day. As the apartment is courtyard-facing it is quiet, and unaffected by any street noise. There are a fully equipped kitchen and big leaving room are situated at the entry of the apartment followed by a bathroom and a quiet bedroom with double bed. Towels, sheets, braid cover furnished ** Situé dans un hôtel particulier en plein coeur du quartier de St germain des Près, cet appartement d'une superficie de 70m2 est exposé plein sud et baigne dans la lumière, offrant tout le confort et l'élégan
16426	A Peaceful and Charming Ambiance The apartment is located in the inner courtyard, of a classical Parisian building in which an elevator takes you directly up to the apartment. The apartment has 2 bedrooms, both with king beds, 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets, a living room and a large and fully equipped kitchen. The living room has 2 comfortable couches and in addition to the living room, there is a dining room with a large dining table which seats 6.  Each bedroom has its own private bathroom. The first bathroom, decorated with marble tiles, has a bathtub with shower and the second bathroom with wooden floors has an American shower. We supply fluffy towels, liquid soap and hair dryers in each bathroom.  To ensure your comfort, the apartment has central heating and air conditioning for the summer.  The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV with cable, DVD, CD/radio player and phone all in the living room. The phone can make international calls and there is a high-speed Internet connect	A very charming two bedroom / two bathroom with AC in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. A Peaceful and Charming Ambiance The apartment is located in the inner courtyard, of a classical Parisian building in which an elevator takes you directly up to the apartment. The apartment has 2 bedrooms, both with king beds, 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets, a living room and a large and fully equipped kitchen. The living room has 2 comfortable couches and in addition to the living room, there is a dining room with a large dining table which seats 6.  Each bedroom has its own private bathroom. The first bathroom, decorated with marble tiles, has a bathtub with shower and the second bathroom with wooden floors has an American shower. We supply fluffy towels, liquid soap and hair dryers in each bathroom.  To ensure your comfort, the apartment has central heating and air conditioning for the summer.  The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV with cable, DVD, CD/radio player and phone all in the liv
16427	Separate living space from the kitchen and bathroom equipped with pull out couch, window with a view, and internet access. The kitchen is equipped with a stove top, french press, microwave, and plenty of prep room if you like to cook. There is a long dining room table that seats 4. The separate bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, mirror, hair dryer, and fresh sheets and towels.	Only a two minute walk from the charming and quaint Rue du Cherche-Midi, this small studio is the perfect location for single travelers or couples looking to make the best out of their city-scape vacation. Metro Station Saint Placide, Montparnasse. Separate living space from the kitchen and bathroom equipped with pull out couch, window with a view, and internet access. The kitchen is equipped with a stove top, french press, microwave, and plenty of prep room if you like to cook. There is a long dining room table that seats 4. The separate bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, mirror, hair dryer, and fresh sheets and towels. You will have access to the entire apartment. I am always on call from emergencies, to restaurant recommendations, and travel tips! The neighborhood is Saint Germain in between metro saint germain des pres and metro Montparnasse. It is a 10 minute walk from the garden of Luxembourg, and a 2 minute walk from Rue du Cherche-Midi, and a short bus ride from the No
16428		Charming, comfortable and quiet flat in elegant period building in the very heart of Paris. South facing balcony. Could sleep 5. All rooms from a central corridor. Wi-Fi Two min. walk to Metro St Michel and RER directly to airport. 5th floor no lift Bedrooms :  Bedroom 1 : Large quality double bed and lots of cupboard space. Window towards quiet courtyard.  Bedroom 2 : Bed at 1.60 m from floor with quality mattlas. Possibility of mattlas underneath. Velux towards courtyard.  Both served, as the bathroom (and the living room, kitchen, entrance and balcony) from a central corridor giving maximum flexibility and privacy.
16429	"Grand studio très lumineux 42m2 Petite rue calme de la Place Furstenberg Meublé, équipé (linge, vaisselle..) décoré. Poutres colombages tomettes 3 grandes fenêtres. ""The Place to be"" dans les rues les plus mythiques du quartier latin ! 1 SEMAINE MIN "	"Grand studio très lumineux 42m2 Petite rue calme de la Place Furstenberg Meublé, équipé (linge, vaisselle..) décoré. Poutres colombages tomettes 3 grandes fenêtres. ""The Place to be"" dans les rues les plus mythiques du quartier latin ! 1 SEMAINE MIN Grand studio très lumineux 42m2 Petite rue calme de la Place Furstenberg Meublé, équipé (linge, vaisselle..) décoré. Poutres colombages tomettes 3 grandes fenêtres. ""The Place to be"" dans les rues les plus mythiques du quartier latin ! 1 SEMAINE MIN "
16430	Facing the courtyard, this 5th European floor (6th US) apartment is joyfully bright, sunny and very quiet. Large and well decorated, with two bedrooms, the apartment is 67 m2 in size (about 720 ft2). It has an enclosed kitchen, large living room space, with good size windows for lots of light all day long. There's even air conditioning for the warmer days in summer, along with a full bath and shower, plus a separate WC. The newly renovated building is quite handsome and well kept.	"Located only a few feet from the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens, this Paris rental apartment is within close walking distance of St. Sulpice, St. Germain des Prés, and Montparnasse. This is a very upscale residential section of Paris. Facing the courtyard, this 5th European floor (6th US) apartment is joyfully bright, sunny and very quiet. Large and well decorated, with two bedrooms, the apartment is 67 m2 in size (about 720 ft2). It has an enclosed kitchen, large living room space, with good size windows for lots of light all day long. There's even air conditioning for the warmer days in summer, along with a full bath and shower, plus a separate WC. The newly renovated building is quite handsome and well kept. 67 m2 (about 720 ft2)5th European floor with elevator (6th US)Central heating system ""Mobile"" air conditioner unit for cooling the main living area & to a lesser extent the connecting rooms Sleeping accommodations: Queen in first bedroom Two twins in second bedroom2 separate bedro"
16431	2 pièces. Salon avec cuisine équipée, table et canapé. Chambre avec lit et bureau, écran TV, wifi. Salle de bain et toilettes.	Très bien situé entre Saint Germain les Prés et Montparnasse. Appartement 2 pièces lumineux et cosi, parquet bois d'époque, décoration à la fois traditionnelle et design. Prox. immédiate Métro Duroc, épicerie, pharmacie, restaurant, etc... 2 pièces. Salon avec cuisine équipée, table et canapé. Chambre avec lit et bureau, écran TV, wifi. Salle de bain et (website hidden) pas hésiter à solliciter la concierge en cas de besoin.
16432	Independent bedroom (11 square meters) in a great location. Private entrance. private shower. private toilets. glass-bricked shower. not much storage (if you have a lot of luggage, this place may not be convenient for you). You must be comfortable with small places before deciding  to book it. The bed (90 cm wide) sleeps one person. a microwave, electric kettle and a small fridge are available for your breakfast and light meals. South orientation. Very bright.   4th floor with elevator.  Wide range of restaurants, museums in the area.  WIFI	Small independent bedroom (private entrance shower and toilets)  Great location (Luxembourg garden) central Paris. safe and quiet. microwave, kettle toaster fridge for breakfasts and snacks. Linen/towel tea/coffee cereals. For one guest only. Independent bedroom (11 square meters) in a great location. Private entrance. private shower. private toilets. glass-bricked shower. not much storage (if you have a lot of luggage, this place may not be convenient for you). You must be comfortable with small places before deciding  to book it. The bed (90 cm wide) sleeps one person. a microwave, electric kettle and a small fridge are available for your breakfast and light meals. South orientation. Very bright.   4th floor with elevator.  Wide range of restaurants, museums in the area.  WIFI This is an independent bedroom with private shower and toilet and your own kitchenette area Your bedroom is totally independent. Our family live one floor below you so it is convenient for check in and out. I w
16433	Very nice flat in a 17th century building, few steps form Louvre and Opera , luxury shops (10 mn walking from Rue du Faubourg St Honoré), Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, lots of shops, many museums, ( Louvre, Beaubourg, Musée d'Orsay, quartier du marais). Wonderful old building on Place des Victoires, 3rd floor, without any elevator, 2 confortable bedrooms, one upstairs is small but the view is incredible on the place. Kitchen, bathroom with italian shower, separate (website hidden). Free Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, hairdryer, iron. In the neibourgh, you will do everything on foot, food maket rue Montorgeuil, shopping de luxe (Kenzo, Colette, Zadig et Voltaire....), Many restaurants, few opened all night, Theaters (Chatelet, La Comédie Française) . Plusieurs stations de métro toutes .proches (Palais Royal, Bourse, Les Halles). No smoking apartment.  We will be glad to welcome you and we'll try to get your stay unbeliavable. See you soon.....	Very nice flat in a 17th century building, few steps form Louvre and Opera , luxury shops (10 mn walking from Rue du Faubourg St Honoré), Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, lots of shops, many museums, ( Louvre, Beaubourg, Musée d'Orsay, quartier du marais). Wonderful old building on Place des Victoires, 3rd floor, without any elevator, 2 confortable bedrooms, one upstairs is small but the view is incredible on the place. Kitchen, bathroom with italian shower, separate (website hidden). Free Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, hairdryer, iron. In the neibourgh, you will do everything on foot, food maket rue Montorgeuil, shopping de luxe (Kenzo, Colette, Zadig et Voltaire....), Many restaurants, few opened all night, Theaters (Chatelet, La Comédie Française) . Plusieurs stations de métro toutes .proches (Palais Royal, Bourse, Les Halles). No smoking apartment.  We will be glad to welcome you and we'll try to get your stay unbeliavable. See you soon.....
16434	Appartement très lumineux de 120 m², en coin , sur le boulevard Saint Germain au 5 ème étage. IL y a un balcon avec une vue imprenable sur l'Eglise Saint Germain des Prés	Chambre coté cour au calme dans un grand appartement familial , très lumineux, face à l'Eglise St Germain des Prés.  Emplacement de choix pour visiter et apprécier votre séjour à Paris. Appartement très lumineux de 120 m², en coin , sur le boulevard Saint Germain au 5 ème étage. IL y a un balcon avec une vue imprenable sur l'Eglise Saint Germain des Prés Votre chambre de 10 m² se situe au fond de l'appartement, très calme donnant sur une cours,soleil du matin.Vous aurez accès à votre salle de douche privée, nous partageons les toilettes,la cuisine (seulement pour réchauffer des plats eventuellement). Selon votre choix, nous vous donnerons les clefs de la porte principale ou de la porte de service, proche de votre chambre. Nous vous offrons le petit déjeuner entre 8h30 et 10h Travaillant à domicile, je suis très souvent dans l'appartement et je serai ravie de vous aider, de vous conseiller pour vos visites, activités et sorties... Quartier historique et prestigieux, au cœur de Paris, pr
16435	UPDATE: (Nov 1, 2014) we just got a brand new top-of the line bed to replace the convertible sofa-bed (so past reviews from guests were when he had the sofa-bed.) Be our first guest to try the brand new bed! APARTMENT: everything you need! The bright main room with two large double French windows features: - A sleeping area: We just got a brand new bed (Nov.1, 2014). It sleeps 2 persons. There's a large closet/ wardrobe Bedding is provided and there's a small iron. - A dining area with table and chairs framed by the two large windows - A kitchen with fridge, cook-top, sink, microwave-grill oven, toaster, coffee maker + cookware & dishware.  The windowed bathroom was recently renovated (shower w/ excellent water pressure, toilet, mirrored vanity, heated towel rack, hair dryer) INCLUDED EXTRAS: - High-speed internet & Wifi - Free unlimited calls to the US, UK, Canada, Australia (+ many more countries) - Cable (french + international channels) on flat-screen TV - bedding & towels are prov	"My wonderful studio apartment is located on a quiet street in the heart of the Left Bank (""Rive Gauche"") with many restaurants and stores around. Close to subway and all touristic sights. Fully furnished, clean & bright, WIFI, free phone calls.  UPDATE: (Nov 1, 2014) we just got a brand new top-of the line bed to replace the convertible sofa-bed (so past reviews from guests were when he had the sofa-bed.) Be our first guest to try the brand new bed! APARTMENT: everything you need! The bright main room with two large double French windows features: - A sleeping area: We just got a brand new bed (Nov.1, 2014). It sleeps 2 persons. There's a large closet/ wardrobe Bedding is provided and there's a small iron. - A dining area with table and chairs framed by the two large windows - A kitchen with fridge, cook-top, sink, microwave-grill oven, toaster, coffee maker + cookware & dishware.  The windowed bathroom was recently renovated (shower w/ excellent water pressure, toilet, mirrored vanity"
16436	"Perfect for couples, friends or a single person, this apartment has all comforts for a pleasant stay. The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Located in a nice living area, with many restaurants and clubs and lot of groceries store and supermarket down the street. The subway station ""ODEON"" is on line 4 or 10 its only 5 minutes by walk, nearby there is also a Vélib station. The bus lines are 58 and 70 at the bottom of the building. It's located nearby famous area called ""St Germain Des Prés"", close to the ""Pont des arts"" and the place ""St Michel"". The ""Louvre Museum"" is also 10 minutes away after the bridge from the flat. The apartment is located in a parisian typical building and the access is by digital code. On 4th floor with no elevator. It's Bright apartment of 25m2 with a bathroom, bathtub, sink, and a washing and drying machine. Toilets are separate. Also as the kitchen with a fridge and a freezer and two hotplates, utensils and crockery. Living - Bedroom - i"	"Perfect for couples, friends or a single person, this apartment has all comforts for a pleasant stay. The apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Located in a nice living area, with many restaurants and clubs and lot of groceries store and supermarket down the street. The subway station ""ODEON"" is on line 4 or 10 its only 5 minutes by walk, nearby there is also a Vélib station. The bus lines are 58 and 70 at the bottom of the building. It's located nearby famous area called ""St Germain Des Prés"", close to the ""Pont des arts"" and the place ""St Michel"". The ""Louvre Museum"" is also 10 minutes away after the bridge from the flat. The apartment is located in a parisian typical building and the access is by digital code. On 4th floor with no elevator. It's Bright apartment of 25m2 with a bathroom, bathtub, sink, and a washing and drying machine. Toilets are separate. Also as the kitchen with a fridge and a freezer and two hotplates, utensils and crockery. Living - Bedroom - i"
16437	Un salon et une chambre très lumineux . Les deux fenêtres du salon et celle de la chambre donne sur la magnifique place Dauphine offrant une vue exceptionnelle. Une cuisine équipée avec fenêtre sur cour une salle de bain avec baignoire. Un toilette séparé, isolé. Extrêmement lumineux et calme. Un coin de Paradis en plein coeur de Paris sur l île de la Cité. La place la plus romantique de Paris	At the very heart of Paris, Ile de la Cité, 50 m2, on the most Romantic and peacefull place of Paris : Place Dauphine. At the 5th stage, exposed south, very luminous and quiet (no car). Less than 5 minutes by foot from various shop, Parisian restaurant and bar & tourists sites (Louvre, Notre-dame, St- Germain des Pres, Odéon, Saint Michel, Centre Pompidou & Le Marais & Opera 15min). If needed there more than 15 different bus lines around the apartment to go every where in Paris.
16438	Very nice 40 sqm apartment well arranged and fully equipped. 2 independent areas (with 2 entrances) to keep privacy and independence between guests. Located on the 4th floor on Dauphine street, in the heart of touristic St Germain district. Full day light. Living room and 2 bedrooms (double-glazed windows) with Pont-Neuf & Seine river in bottom view. Baby high chair + cot Baby bed 2 separate bathrooms with shower and toilet in each. WIFI and LAN access + unlimited fixe/mobile phone calls to France, USA, Canada and and fixe to other 100 countries. Wireless Laser Printer Bed linen and towels included. Beds will be made.  Trash bags, absorbent paper, toilet paper provided. €250 deposit on booking, reimbursable at the end of the stay. 2 keys given on check-in. OPTIONS: - Final cleaning service (€50). - 4.50-inch SAMSUNG smartphone with 4G internet + unlimited fixe/mobile calls to France, USA, Canada and fixe to other 40 countries (€30/month) - Underground parking located 6 metro stations a	CENTRAL, FULLY EQUIPPED, 2 PRIVATE SPACES. Ideal for 2 or 4 people on long stay. 2 independent areas (2 entrances) with 2 shower-rooms & toilets. Because food is excellent nearby, the 4th floor without elevator will keep you fit. Very nice 40 sqm apartment well arranged and fully equipped. 2 independent areas (with 2 entrances) to keep privacy and independence between guests. Located on the 4th floor on Dauphine street, in the heart of touristic St Germain district. Full day light. Living room and 2 bedrooms (double-glazed windows) with Pont-Neuf & Seine river in bottom view. Baby high chair + cot Baby bed 2 separate bathrooms with shower and toilet in each. WIFI and LAN access + unlimited fixe/mobile phone calls to France, USA, Canada and and fixe to other 100 countries. Wireless Laser Printer Bed linen and towels included. Beds will be made.  Trash bags, absorbent paper, toilet paper provided. €250 deposit on booking, reimbursable at the end of the stay. 2 keys given on check-in. OPT
16439	Only few other districts of Paris have a past as rich as Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Its soul has always fascinated the artists who made it one of the highest places of cultural and intellectual life. This apartment is conveniently located on rue de Seine, two steps from rue de Buci and its many shops, cafés and restaurants, in the vicinity of the Seine River and the Pont des Arts, close to Orsay Museum and Le Louvre.   located between yard and garden and at the fourth and top floor of a beautiful historical building of the 17th century, this very quiet 1 bedroom apartment has been completely refurbished this year. The fully equipped open kitchen serves the living room. The charm of the bedroom with its exposed beams will win you over, as the large and comfortable bed that guarantees you a refreshing rest. The bathroom has a delightful stall shower. The beautiful garden of the building is accessible to residents and has been completely redesigned by a specialized agency that staged sophist	Only few other districts of Paris have a past as rich as Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Its soul has always fascinated the artists who made it one of the highest places of cultural and intellectual life. This apartment is conveniently located on rue de Seine, two steps from rue de Buci and its many shops, cafés and restaurants, in the vicinity of the Seine River and the Pont des Arts, close to Orsay Museum and Le Louvre.   located between yard and garden and at the fourth and top floor of a beautiful historical building of the 17th century, this very quiet 1 bedroom apartment has been completely refurbished this year. The fully equipped open kitchen serves the living room. The charm of the bedroom with its exposed beams will win you over, as the large and comfortable bed that guarantees you a refreshing rest. The bathroom has a delightful stall shower. The beautiful garden of the building is accessible to residents and has been completely redesigned by a specialized agency that staged sophist
16440	Bright spacious home, typical Parisian deco and architecture! This place in the heart of the 6th District is perfect for you family, or business trips!	Beautiful apartment, in the center of Paris.  Ready for 3 persons with all comfort.  The apartment is fully equipped thinking about your commodity. Bright spacious home, typical Parisian deco and architecture! This place in the heart of the 6th District is perfect for you family, or business trips! You'll have access to all the apartment during your stay! We'll be at your disposition during all your stay for all you might need! As with Paris itself, the 6th Arrondissement is hard to write about without using superlatives. There's a bit of everything here, from the busy sidewalks of Paris' main art Gallery scene to the expansive green spaces and under-tree cafés of the Jardin du Luxembourg, from the huddle of kebab joints around Place St. Michel to some of the finest restaurants in the world, the 6th has it all. You'll be served by the line 10 and 4 of the metro. For renting of 1 month or more :  - Towels are not provided  - 2 pairs of sheets  - Electricity and gas are not included (the
16441		Beautiful 2 bedroom totally renovated with brand new furniture. Within walking distance to Saint-Germain des Pres, Montparnasse, and the Luxembourg Garden. Fantastic location! Ground floor apt in safe backyard, no walk up. This apartment has received the license to authorize the rental by the Paris City Hall
16442	Great location ! Wifi, Flat TV screen, microwave only (oven not functional), washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, shower, 2 large towels, champoo, soaps. 	Very nice 48m2 appartment, 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom right in Saint Germain des prés. This area is one of the best ones in Paris, and features lots of museums, bars, restaurants, fancy shops... Great location ! Wifi, Flat TV screen, microwave only (oven not functional), washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, shower, 2 large towels, champoo, soaps.  Comfortable living room, large kitchen, clean bathroom, and one nice bed room with a king size bed. First door code entering the building, second door code downstairs.  I am travelling, so a close friend of mine will welcome you and show you the place, and make sure you are all set ! This is clearly one of the best area in Paris. Lots of artists lived in SaintGermain and the 6th district. Museums, bars, restaurants, fancy shops, you have it all. Very lively, but very safe at the same time. The appartment is not oriented toward the street, so it' s very quiet. You will be just minutes away of 3 different tube stations : Sai
16443	This two bedroom self catering apartment is fully equipped and is located on the 3rd floor of a residential building. Entering the apartment there is a corridor leading to the public portion of the apartment. In this corridor is the guest WC. The public portion of the apartment is comprised of an open spaced kitchen equipped with cooker, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, kettle, pots, pans, plates....; and the living room equipped with sofa, arm chairs, coffeetable, a dining counter, TV & internet router. From the public portion a corridor leads onto the private portion: 1.Bedroom 1 two single beds, cupboards, bedside table & lamps, 2. Master Bedroom equipped with double bed, cupboard, bedside lamps & tables, and 3.Bathroom equipped with shower, toilette, sink, washer & hair dryer 	An excellent base to explore Paris. Centrally located in the smart 6th arrondissment. Ideal for sight seeing, shopping and dining. This two bedroom self catering apartment is fully equipped and is located on the 3rd floor of a residential building. Entering the apartment there is a corridor leading to the public portion of the apartment. In this corridor is the guest WC. The public portion of the apartment is comprised of an open spaced kitchen equipped with cooker, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, kettle, pots, pans, plates....; and the living room equipped with sofa, arm chairs, coffeetable, a dining counter, TV & internet router. From the public portion a corridor leads onto the private portion: 1.Bedroom 1 two single beds, cupboards, bedside table & lamps, 2. Master Bedroom equipped with double bed, cupboard, bedside lamps & tables, and 3.Bathroom equipped with shower, toilette, sink, washer & hair dryer The apartment is located on the third floor with a lift. This apartment
16444	A very quiet space with old beams and french tiles , a cute little staircase to come in .  A modern  kitchen  and a small but nice bathroom.	This beautiful and charming studio is located in the heart of Saint Germain Des Pres, in the 6th Arrondissement, on rue Mazarine. It is located on the 2nd floor of a building dating 1680 . It is fully furnished and made by an interior designer. A very quiet space with old beams and french tiles , a cute little staircase to come in .  A modern  kitchen  and a small but nice bathroom. internet , international channels for tv mail or text when guests are in the town  restaurants ,coffees , art galeries, traditional market rue de buci ,bookmakers , Le Louvre , rer B station Saint Michel  from the airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle  
16445		Small but cosy studio situated in one the most beautiful neighbourhood of paris. 
16446	Cette petite perle aux poutres apparentes, aux tomettes d'époque et à l'architecture atypique vous donnerons l'impression de passer votre séjour dans un  chalet au cœur de Paris.  Ce trois-pièce de 80 m² est idéal pour un séjour de couple. La chambre est un cocon douillet avec un lit deux places confortable. Un dressing et des placards sont prévus pour les affaires des deux locataires. Situé plein sud, le soleil est très présent sur les lieux, vous pourrez l'apprécier dans le salon ou dans le bureau pour des moments en tête à tête.  Une grande table peut accueillir huit personnes, pour des repas entre amis, sans oublier le canapé six places et la large table basse qui participent à la réussite des soirées en petit comité. Pour la saison hivernale, une cheminée est mise à votre disposition, pour un moment chaleureux au coin du feu. Un charme incroyable émane de cet endroit et c'est un plaisir que vous puissiez en profiter. Si vous êtes un couple voulant passé un moment magique à Paris, 	Cette petite perle aux poutres apparentes, aux tomettes d'époque et à l'architecture atypique vous donnerons l'impression de passer votre séjour dans un  chalet au cœur de Paris.  Ce trois-pièce de 80 m² est idéal pour un séjour de couple. La chambre est un cocon douillet avec un lit deux places confortable. Un dressing et des placards sont prévus pour les affaires des deux locataires. Situé plein sud, le soleil est très présent sur les lieux, vous pourrez l'apprécier dans le salon ou dans le bureau pour des moments en tête à tête.  Une grande table peut accueillir huit personnes, pour des repas entre amis, sans oublier le canapé six places et la large table basse qui participent à la réussite des soirées en petit comité. Pour la saison hivernale, une cheminée est mise à votre disposition, pour un moment chaleureux au coin du feu. Un charme incroyable émane de cet endroit et c'est un plaisir que vous puissiez en profiter. Si vous êtes un couple voulant passé un moment magique à Paris, 
16447	Récemment rénové au coeur de Paris situé entre Notre Dame et Sain Germain des Près, en face de Métro (website hidden) choisissez plus entre les ambiances des quartiers situés sur les rives Droite et Gauche de la Seine. L’emplacement idéal de l’appartement  vous propose de découvrir les deux … à pied ! En quelques minutes à pied, vous pourrez profiter de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, du musée du Louvres et des jardins des Tuileries ou bien encore opter pour l’ambiance festive des quartiers Latin et Saint Germain. Enfin, la proximité des lignes de métro n° 4 et 10 (station Odéon) et RER B (Station Saint Michel) offre un accès facile à toutes les destinations de Paris ainsi qu’une connexion directe à l’aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et quasi directe à l’aéroport d’Orly. L’appartement : L’appartement  est situé au 3 eme  étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble traditionnel du quartier de Saint Germain. La pièce principale très lumineuse et chaleureuse avec son mur gris donnant sur un	Récemment rénové au coeur de Paris situé entre Notre Dame et Sain Germain des Près, en face de Métro (website hidden) choisissez plus entre les ambiances des quartiers situés sur les rives Droite et Gauche de la Seine. L’emplacement idéal de l’appartement  vous propose de découvrir les deux … à pied ! En quelques minutes à pied, vous pourrez profiter de la Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris, du musée du Louvres et des jardins des Tuileries ou bien encore opter pour l’ambiance festive des quartiers Latin et Saint Germain. Enfin, la proximité des lignes de métro n° 4 et 10 (station Odéon) et RER B (Station Saint Michel) offre un accès facile à toutes les destinations de Paris ainsi qu’une connexion directe à l’aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et quasi directe à l’aéroport d’Orly. L’appartement : L’appartement  est situé au 3 eme  étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble traditionnel du quartier de Saint Germain. La pièce principale très lumineuse et chaleureuse avec son mur gris donnant sur un
16448	My Studio is 25 square metres located in the very city centre, in the heart of Paris, it's just right next to metro station Musée du Louvre, metro line no.1 and no.7 going there. Everything you need to visit in Paris is within walking distance from the studio, the Louvre museum is just few hundreds meters around the corner, the Rivoli shopping street is just right next to the studio, 5 minutes walk to the Opera house, 5 minutes to the Tuileries Garden, 10 minutes to the Notre dame church, it's in a very good location, very safe and very convenient for visiting Paris during your stay. It's in the 5th floor, there's one big bed for 2 person in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 2 person, one well-equipped kitchen with condiments needed for cooking, one separate shower room with toilet inside the studio, free wifi, towels and sheets are provided, shower gel and shampoo are provided, coffee and tea are also provided. The studio is new,clean and cozy,it's a romantic and perfect accommodation for	The apartment has perfect location for all major attractions. Louvre museum, opera house, Notre dame church are just few hundreds meters away. Free access to city wifi is provided, tea, coffee, towels, sheets, shower gel, shampoo are also provided. My Studio is 25 square metres located in the very city centre, in the heart of Paris, it's just right next to metro station Musée du Louvre, metro line no.1 and no.7 going there. Everything you need to visit in Paris is within walking distance from the studio, the Louvre museum is just few hundreds meters around the corner, the Rivoli shopping street is just right next to the studio, 5 minutes walk to the Opera house, 5 minutes to the Tuileries Garden, 10 minutes to the Notre dame church, it's in a very good location, very safe and very convenient for visiting Paris during your stay. It's in the 5th floor, there's one big bed for 2 person in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 2 person, one well-equipped kitchen with condiments needed for cooking,
16449		Beautiful apartment next to Jardin de Luxembourg. Nice area, full of stores and restaurants. Closer to ligne 4 and 6. Access to lots of buses. 10 min from Montparnasse and 15  From Saint Germain des Prés. Amazing balcony, very confortable and safe.
16450		Near metro station and in the historial center of Paris. 
16451	"Duplex, bohemian style, located in the district of Saint-André des Arts, close to the Latin district (Saint-Germain-des-Prés), to Notre-Dame de Paris... Ideal for a romantic trip or to discover Paris by night, and the fashion Paris... Two rooms Apartment in a charming and cosy duplex, decorated within a bohemia style, located in the district of Saint-André des Arts, on the 3rd floor (with elevator) in an ancient and quiet building. Perfect for a couple who wants to live in the heart of the capital during their trip. It will also seduce those who want to discover the parisian nightlife or the fashion and luxurious Paris ! Go for a walk on the islands called ""Ile de la Cité"" and ""Ile Saint-Louis"" before the sunset or improvise a romantic picnic in the Garden of Luxembourg (Jardin du Luxembourg) or at night on the famous Bridge of Arts (Pont des Arts), by walking throught the bank of the Seine. A warm atmosphere reigns there where tourists from worldwide join the Parisians and discover th"	"Duplex, bohemian style, located in the district of Saint-André des Arts, close to the Latin district (Saint-Germain-des-Prés), to Notre-Dame de Paris... Ideal for a romantic trip or to discover Paris by night, and the fashion Paris... Two rooms Apartment in a charming and cosy duplex, decorated within a bohemia style, located in the district of Saint-André des Arts, on the 3rd floor (with elevator) in an ancient and quiet building. Perfect for a couple who wants to live in the heart of the capital during their trip. It will also seduce those who want to discover the parisian nightlife or the fashion and luxurious Paris ! Go for a walk on the islands called ""Ile de la Cité"" and ""Ile Saint-Louis"" before the sunset or improvise a romantic picnic in the Garden of Luxembourg (Jardin du Luxembourg) or at night on the famous Bridge of Arts (Pont des Arts), by walking throught the bank of the Seine. A warm atmosphere reigns there where tourists from worldwide join the Parisians and discover th"
16452	Hello, I rent my large room in a large collocation where we are at the heart of the district 3 St Germain, rue de Rennes. Description: > 1st floor apartment with lift > Fully equipped kitchen > Bathroom with bath > Separate Toilet > Large entry > A single bed > A double bed > Washing Machine, wifi compatible speaker iphone > In the bathroom, there is available a hair dryer! > The washing machine is also at your service. > The beds are made and towels are at your disposal. Location: > Very central and safe > Ideal for shooping mode, bakery nearby restaurants / bars, small streets for a night out! > The windows overlook a small street (Cassette) so it is silent > On foot: 10 minutes from the Bon Marché, Delicatessen (Best grocery store in Paris with food from all over the world) / 20mn Montparnasse (train / tower and Galeries Lafayette) / In the heart of St Germain / Luxembourg Gardens / 1km the famous Latin Quarter / Notre Dame Cathedral. > Metro line 4 (St Sulpice) and 12 (Rennes or Se	In a beautiful building in the heart of Paris, I leave you my room when I 'm not there ! I have 1 single bed and 1 double bed. There are 3 places ! The kitchen and bathroom are equipped with everything you need ! Hello, I rent my large room in a large collocation where we are at the heart of the district 3 St Germain, rue de Rennes. Description: > 1st floor apartment with lift > Fully equipped kitchen > Bathroom with bath > Separate Toilet > Large entry > A single bed > A double bed > Washing Machine, wifi compatible speaker iphone > In the bathroom, there is available a hair dryer! > The washing machine is also at your service. > The beds are made and towels are at your disposal. Location: > Very central and safe > Ideal for shooping mode, bakery nearby restaurants / bars, small streets for a night out! > The windows overlook a small street (Cassette) so it is silent > On foot: 10 minutes from the Bon Marché, Delicatessen (Best grocery store in Paris with food from all over the world)
16453		Charmant appartement de standing au coeur du quartier latin
16454	Logement de charme, idéalement situé dans une rue piétonne et vivante à deux pas de Notre-Dame.	Charming 2-rooms apartment (view on the Cathedral).  Located right in the heart of the historic district, just a stone's throw from St Michel subway station.  1 bedroom;1 sofa-bed in the living room; Kitchen;WC on the landing;6th floor (no elevator)
16455		Charmant appartement de standing au coeur du quartier latin confortable et moderne, idéal pour un séjour parisien a 1 min de notre dame
16456	"The ancient building of the '600 in a very central location - just above the subway station -makes unique our ""studio"". It can comfortably fit up to three people. "	"Just renovated, our ""studio"" is romantic, comfortable and quiet. In a lovely small street between St. Michel and St. Germain, it is very close to the Metro/RER. With separate kitchen and bathroom, the apartment can host 2/3 people. 3 night minimum. The ancient building of the '600 in a very central location - just above the subway station -makes unique our ""studio"". It can comfortably fit up to three people. In the heart of bohemian Paris, the Latin Quarter is the place where the history of art and literature it has been made . It is the University district, where you can find the most trendy and chic cafes, bistrots, restaurants and shops! We are 30 m from the metro and RER St. Michel/Notre Dame; many bus lines stop in St. Michel. 20 m from Place St. Andre des Arts and from the most famous clubs of the Latin Quarter. At 100 m from Notre Dame."
16457	Ce logement m'est personnel car, comme les autres, je suis celle qui est à la base de la décoration mais aussi de l'agencement de chaque pièce puisque j'ai tenu à aménager cet appartement de mon point de vue.  Il est spacieux et fait pour une famille ou un groupe d'ami.  Une chambre possède sa propre salle de bain, je l'ai appelée la suite parentale  Une chambre est aménagée pour deux enfants avec 2 lits simples  La dernière est une chambre avec un lit double	Situé dans le quartier de Saint Michel et à deux pas du quartier de Saint Germain, cet appartement rue Git Le Coeur est spacieux et parfait pour une famille  Fonctionnel, il est en plein milieu d'un quartier rempli d'animations et de (website hidden) dispose de 3grandes chambres et de 8  lits. Ce logement m'est personnel car, comme les autres, je suis celle qui est à la base de la décoration mais aussi de l'agencement de chaque pièce puisque j'ai tenu à aménager cet appartement de mon point de vue.  Il est spacieux et fait pour une famille ou un groupe d'ami.  Une chambre possède sa propre salle de bain, je l'ai appelée la suite parentale  Une chambre est aménagée pour deux enfants avec 2 lits simples  La dernière est une chambre avec un lit double RER B - Saint Michel  Ligne 4 - Saint Michel (Exit : Saint André des Arts)
16458	The studio is located in a 18th century building on the quiet courtyard. It is located on the 4th without elevator, but you can ride with an elevator to the 7th floor, then go down to foot the 4th floor. The entrance door is protected by a security system. This 30 m2 studio is fully furnished with a sofa bed and a TV. You will find a separate bathroom with window , bath, washer dryer and an iron and hair dryer. The separate kitchen also has a sink, 2 Electronic hobs, microwave, mini fridge and dishwasher. Guests have a broadband Internet connection with WIFI.	The studio is located in a 18th century building on the quiet courtyard. It is located on the 4th without elevator, but you can ride with an elevator to the 7th floor, then go down to foot the 4th floor. The entrance door is protected by a security system. This 30 m2 studio is fully furnished with a sofa bed and a TV. You will find a separate bathroom with window , bath, washer dryer and an iron and hair dryer. The separate kitchen also has a sink, 2 Electronic hobs, microwave, mini fridge and dishwasher. Guests have a broadband Internet connection with WIFI. The apartment is for your exclusive use. Before you arrive , I'll give you the route from the airport to the apartment. Then you 'll just have to call me when you are in front of the building , I will welcome you , give you the keys and explain everything about the apartment. I live nearby , I remain at your disposal during your stay if you have a problem. Métro Odéon (ligne 4 et 10) : 78 m RER B et C Saint Michel : 350 m
16459	Charming one-bedroom apartment situated on the first floor of a classic Parisian Haussmann building on the very lovely rue de Seine, in the heart of the Saint Germain-Odeon area. Secure building with concierge.  This charming and cosy 1 bedroom apartment is on the first floor (American second floor) of a beautiful and prestigious building secured by two coded access doors and live in concierge. The apartment is situated on the first floor with elevator access for luggage. There is a spacious living room with dining table and convertible sofa bed, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with shower/bath and a bedroom with a very comfortable king sized bed and high quality mattress and closet and drawer space. Everything is included to make you feel right at home: washing machine and full cooking facilities, quality sheets and towels, hair dryer, guide books. 35 square metres or 385 square feet. The apartment has two exposures, both of interior courtyards. No picturesque views but 	Charming one-bedroom cozy apartment situated on the first floor of a classic Parisian Haussmann building on the very lovely rue de Seine, in the heart of the Saint Germain-Odeon area. Secure building with concierge. Charming one-bedroom apartment situated on the first floor of a classic Parisian Haussmann building on the very lovely rue de Seine, in the heart of the Saint Germain-Odeon area. Secure building with concierge.  This charming and cosy 1 bedroom apartment is on the first floor (American second floor) of a beautiful and prestigious building secured by two coded access doors and live in concierge. The apartment is situated on the first floor with elevator access for luggage. There is a spacious living room with dining table and convertible sofa bed, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with shower/bath and a bedroom with a very comfortable king sized bed and high quality mattress and closet and drawer space. Everything is included to make you feel right at home: washi
16460	Very rare small flat second floor ! In this district the less expensive bed in hotel it's 150 euros by day .	Very rare small flat second floor ! In this district the less expensive bed in hotel it's 150 euros by day . There is everything in this district,métro,bus,taxi,train I live Paris to near Bastille  if yo need something else I love all in St-germain des prés  Métro , bus , train 
16461	 Chambre confortable pour deux,  salle de bain avec baignoire et surtout vue imprenable sur les toits, idéale pour un séjour en plein cœur de la capitale. Micro onde, frigidaire, wifi, lave linge. 	 Chambre confortable pour deux,  salle de bain avec baignoire et surtout vue imprenable sur les toits, idéale pour un séjour en plein cœur de la capitale. Micro onde, frigidaire, wifi, lave linge. le logement se situe dans le quartier historique de Saint Germain des Près, boutiques de luxe, marchés, à deux pas du Louvres et de Notre Dame. Tout près du quartier Latin. Métro ligne 4, Saint Germain des Près, ou RER Saint Michel, direct de RCG
16462	Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two door codes. The common part of the building are charming with framed pictures of wonderful landscapes and deserts on the hallway, the stairwell is absolutely lovely (with few steps between each floor). The apartment is very quiet as it gives on the courtyard. This 50sqm apartment is very comfortable, it can sleep up two four guests. It has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms which will be very convenient no matter if you are a couple or four guests to stay here ! The small entrance corridor opens on the dining area of the main room. It features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is opened on the dining area. An openwork wall made of wooden beam separates the dining area from the living-room. The living area features a comfortable sofabed for two people (140×200), a coffee table and a flat television with cable TV channels. The living-room has a wardrobe. A large sliding door separates t	Beautiful 50sqm 1-bedroom apartment to rent in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés in Paris. Two bathrooms, suitable for four people, this apartment is contemporary, nicely decorated, comfortable, we love it ! Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by two door codes. The common part of the building are charming with framed pictures of wonderful landscapes and deserts on the hallway, the stairwell is absolutely lovely (with few steps between each floor). The apartment is very quiet as it gives on the courtyard. This 50sqm apartment is very comfortable, it can sleep up two four guests. It has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms which will be very convenient no matter if you are a couple or four guests to stay here ! The small entrance corridor opens on the dining area of the main room. It features a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is opened on the dining area. An openwork wall made of wooden beam separates the dining area from the l
16463	Un magnifique appartement plein de charme de 150m2. Galerie d'entrée, une grande cuisine dinatoire donnant sur jardin de l'Eglise Saint-Germain, un grand salon, une salle à manger, 2 salle de bains, 2 toilettes, 1 grande chambre avec un lit double et 1 autre grande chambre avec un lit double et un lit simple . Donc peut recevoir 5 personnes confortablement. Nous pouvons mettre à votre disposition un lit enfant à barreau et une table à langer. Toutes les fenêtres sont avec double vitrage. L'appartement est orienté plein sud.	Luxueux appartement au coeur de St-Germain Des Prés, très bel immeuble bourgeois sécurisé, 2 codes et gardien. Ascenseur Environnement privilégié, musée, jardin du Luxembourg, cinéma, bar, café de Flore, idéal pour poser ses valises et aller flâner. Un magnifique appartement plein de charme de 150m2. Galerie d'entrée, une grande cuisine dinatoire donnant sur jardin de l'Eglise Saint-Germain, un grand salon, une salle à manger, 2 salle de bains, 2 toilettes, 1 grande chambre avec un lit double et 1 autre grande chambre avec un lit double et un lit simple . Donc peut recevoir 5 personnes confortablement. Nous pouvons mettre à votre disposition un lit enfant à barreau et une table à langer. Toutes les fenêtres sont avec double vitrage. L'appartement est orienté plein sud. Inclus dans le prix de la location, un service quotidien de ménage du lundi au vendredi  à raison d'une heure et demie par jour, ce qui vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour.  Il est évident que nous sero
16464	This lovely studio apartment is perfect for a couple that wishes to spend time on the most dynamic street of Saint Germain des Prés. It is located on the 5th floor, with an elevator. It is fully furnished with a very romantic decoration. Its prime location makes it a very attractive apartment. This studio has an area of 20 square meters, or 215 square feet with a very nice and luminous living room. It is fully furnished in a refined taste. Amenities include TV with international channels, free unlimited internet, and unlimited telephone to Europe, USA, Canada. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, and a washer/dryer. There is a high quality convertible sofa bed that sleeps two guests(140x190). The bathroom has a bath and includes one toilet.  	This lovely studio apartment is perfect for a couple that wishes to spend time on the most dynamic street of Saint Germain des Prés. It is located on the 5th floor, with an elevator. It is fully furnished with a very romantic decoration. Its prime location makes it a very attractive apartment. This studio has an area of 20 square meters, or 215 square feet with a very nice and luminous living room. It is fully furnished in a refined taste. Amenities include TV with international channels, free unlimited internet, and unlimited telephone to Europe, USA, Canada. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, and a washer/dryer. There is a high quality convertible sofa bed that sleeps two guests(140x190). The bathroom has a bath and includes one toilet.  Check-in is from 11:30am. A late arrival fee of 35€ applies to arrivals (check-in) between 8pm and 10pm, and 100€ applies to arrivals between 10pm and Midnight. The late fee is payable in cash upon your arrival at the apartment. There is
16465	One large bedroom equiped with a double bed, one living room with two sofa bed and a desk space equiped with computer and printers. One bathroom, one separated toilet, one kitchen for four persons equiped with connected TV set, dish washer, clothes washer, microwave, fridge...	50 sq. meters well furnished apt, a magnificent view, located in Montparnasse, Jardin Luxembourg, Saint Germain area for family holidays or with friends. Many transports,  shopping Bon Marché, Montparnasse mall, ... location to enjoy Paris One large bedroom equiped with a double bed, one living room with two sofa bed and a desk space equiped with computer and printers. One bathroom, one separated toilet, one kitchen for four persons equiped with connected TV set, dish washer, clothes washer, microwave, fridge... Entire apt: - large bedroom - living room and desk office - bathroom - kitchen - restroom You can contact me by phone on my mobile phone or by e-mail as soon as you need, I will be pleased to reply. When it comes to culture, cuisine, and fashion world, this is a convinient location for a full immersion stay to enjoy  the City of Light Paris. To visit Picasso painting workshop, Cartier Foundation, Montpanasse Cemetery, Paris catacombs located at Denfert Rochereau, Man Ray worksh
16466	This very cosy 38 m2 apartment is a one bedroom flat idealistic for a couple. The confortable bed is 160 cm and can be separated in 2 x 80 cm beds. Located on the roof top, 6th floor, from the door entrance you will have access directly to the living room.	Typical parisian apartment in the very chic Saint Germain Des Pres, situated on the top floor (with elevator) of a very quiet and secured building. Short walk distance to Le Bon Marche. Strictly non smoking This very cosy 38 m2 apartment is a one bedroom flat idealistic for a couple. The confortable bed is 160 cm and can be separated in 2 x 80 cm beds. Located on the roof top, 6th floor, from the door entrance you will have access directly to the living room. High-speed wifi internet access, DVD player, International TV channels. I'm always happy to help my guest and I'am very easily available by phone or email. I have lived in Paris for 21 years  This very cosy 38 m2 flat is located in Saint Germain des Pres with a short walk distance to the most parisian chic department Store Le Bon Marche and a short walk distance to Montparnasse where you can have access to a lot of cinemas. This is a very quiet and secured area. You can walk in one or 2 minutes to Boulangerie, Boucherie, Poissoner
16467	L'appartement donne sur une belle cour (website hidden) est très clair et très calme . De belles poutres apparentes en bois lui donnent un charme fou. Vous disposez d’un salon, avec canapé lit tres confortable , pour 2 personnes, d’une salle à manger avec cuisine intégrée ultra moderne ,  d’une tres grande salle de bains avec baignoire	Adorable petit appartement , niché rue Jacob, à l emplacement le  plus fantastique de Saint Germain des Prés. Il accueillera  très confortablement un couple. Il est situé au 2e étage d’un très bel immeuble de standing .       L'appartement donne sur une belle cour (website hidden) est très clair et très calme . De belles poutres apparentes en bois lui donnent un charme fou. Vous disposez d’un salon, avec canapé lit tres confortable , pour 2 personnes, d’une salle à manger avec cuisine intégrée ultra moderne ,  d’une tres grande salle de bains avec baignoire Le quartier Latin est chargé d’histoire.  C’était le premier quartier des étudiants , et les universités de ce quartier, comme la Sorbonne ou la Faculté de Médecine , sont des monuments magnifiques  .C’est un quartier très aéré où il fait bon vivre et c’est le paradis des touristes, avec les monuments comme Notre dame et l ile de la cité , les quais de la Seine, le jardin du Luxembourg, les cafés mythiques, comme le café de Flore et
16468	"Spacious, elegant, graciously proportioned, and quintessentially French, this high-ceilinged jewel of a 3-bedroom, 2-bath apartment is located in a glorious Haussmann-era building (see our commentary on the 'Haussmann' apartment, ""Hail to the Baron""). Floor-to-ceiling windows, sun-drenched by fifth floor light, a grand piano, indoor trees -- this place has it all. You enter into a generous and welcoming foyer, and looking through gently arched French doorways you see, to the left, the large salon, where the couch is framed by more gorgeously arched windows, to the right the equally grand dining room, and in the center the study, with grand piano, bookshelves, and plants.  Ah… you're home. The fully equipped, spic-and-span kitchen features a table seating five. The master bedroom is luxuriously appointed with queen size bed and its own ensuite bathroom. Bedroom Two features a full bed and fireplace, and the third bedroom has two single beds.  The second bath, newly renovated, lies betwe"	"Spacious, elegant, graciously proportioned, and quintessentially French, this high-ceiling jewel of a 3-bed, 2-bath apartment is located in a glorious Haussmann-era building floor-to-ceiling windows, sun-drenched by fifth floor light, + grand piano. Spacious, elegant, graciously proportioned, and quintessentially French, this high-ceilinged jewel of a 3-bedroom, 2-bath apartment is located in a glorious Haussmann-era building (see our commentary on the 'Haussmann' apartment, ""Hail to the Baron""). Floor-to-ceiling windows, sun-drenched by fifth floor light, a grand piano, indoor trees -- this place has it all. You enter into a generous and welcoming foyer, and looking through gently arched French doorways you see, to the left, the large salon, where the couch is framed by more gorgeously arched windows, to the right the equally grand dining room, and in the center the study, with grand piano, bookshelves, and plants.  Ah… you're home. The fully equipped, spic-and-span kitchen features a"
16469	Located in a very dynamic area, view on the street, first floor with an elevator and reinforced door => SECURITY MAXIMAL ! -Towels and linens provided - Internet Wifi - Sofa Bed - Fridge-freezer - Hotplate  -Kitchen fully equiped with also a combo washer dryer  - Hairdryer (useful for ladies) We just bought a double bed situated in the corner of the apartment instead of the enormous closit. So you have a sofa bed + a double bed. We also bought a lot of mirors. There are still a lot of space in the apartment to walk and reach the kitchen, the bathroom and the main entry. 20e for late check-in (from 9pm) 	Pretty apartment located in one of the best area of Paris (Metro Vavin) :  - 5 mins from Montparnasse - 8 mins from Rue de Rennes - 12 mins from Jardin du Luxembourg - 15 mins Saint Germain des Près - 20 mins from Saint-Michel By walking Located in a very dynamic area, view on the street, first floor with an elevator and reinforced door => SECURITY MAXIMAL ! -Towels and linens provided - Internet Wifi - Sofa Bed - Fridge-freezer - Hotplate  -Kitchen fully equiped with also a combo washer dryer  - Hairdryer (useful for ladies) We just bought a double bed situated in the corner of the apartment instead of the enormous closit. So you have a sofa bed + a double bed. We also bought a lot of mirors. There are still a lot of space in the apartment to walk and reach the kitchen, the bathroom and the main entry. 20e for late check-in (from 9pm) VERY EASY ACCES FROM : Airport CDG Airport ORLY and Gare du NORD Gare MONTPARNASSE Check-in between 1 pm and 7 pm is the best thing because the housewor
16470		Grand deux pièces, très lumineux et chaleureux. 3e étage avec ascenseur.  Lit 160 d excellente qualité, neuf! A 5 min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg, 10 min à pied de la très commerçante rue de Rennes.  Ttes commodités, métro raspail et bus proches 53 m2  Appartement entier A voir selon la date Nombreuses commodités  (boulangeries, pharmacie, supermarchés, restaurants de tout type) très bien situé: à 4 min du métro raspail, lignes 4 et 6, 5 min du rer B, et de nombreux bus ( 91, 82, 38 etc...)
16471	Situation tres centrale au niveau du quartier Montparnasse. Une belle vue degagee avec de nombreux transports au pied de l'immeuble.	Situation tres centrale au niveau du quartier Montparnasse. Une belle vue degagee avec de nombreux transports au pied de l'immeuble. Le quartier est tres anime par ses commerces, ses theatres. Le logement se fait par le bus, le metro ou le bus Air France. Acces tres facile.
16472	We live in this flat all year, so it is made and filled with beloved objects, furnitures, pictures. We like comfortable and generous places, that makes you feel confident and playful within your own space. we love design but not labels. A flat has to make you feel happy at home first, and not in a museum. We try to achieve this a bit more everyday, as our needs and sensibility evolve every day. We hope that you will feel at home as much as us. And love and respect this place as if it is yours.	Beautiful flat in Paris. Designed and refurbished by two designers in love with vintage style and DIY furnitures. 70 sqm. Large kitchen and living room open space.  2 bedrooms, one for adult and one for kids. 1 bathroom & 1 showerroom.  Perfect for f We live in this flat all year, so it is made and filled with beloved objects, furnitures, pictures. We like comfortable and generous places, that makes you feel confident and playful within your own space. we love design but not labels. A flat has to make you feel happy at home first, and not in a museum. We try to achieve this a bit more everyday, as our needs and sensibility evolve every day. We hope that you will feel at home as much as us. And love and respect this place as if it is yours. You will have access to the kitchen and the living room. The adult bedroom and its shower room, and the toilets. And the balcony.  If you are with your children, you will have also access to the children bedroom and the bathroom. If you want to rent 
16473	Véritable appartement bourgeois avec 2 pièces de réception et 3 chambres. Rare pour ce type de location, vous disposerez d’un selon et d’une salle à manger. Deux des chambres disposent de salle de bains privatives Parquets à l’Anglaise dans toutes les pièces Double exposition, 2ème étage avec ascenseur L’immeuble est  situé à 200 mètres de la place Saint Germain des Prés  	Véritable appartement bourgeois  avec 2 pièces de réception et 3 chambres. somptueusement meublé et décoré avec mobilier de style d’époque majoritairement empire et directoire Véritable appartement bourgeois avec 2 pièces de réception et 3 chambres. Rare pour ce type de location, vous disposerez d’un selon et d’une salle à manger. Deux des chambres disposent de salle de bains privatives Parquets à l’Anglaise dans toutes les pièces Double exposition, 2ème étage avec ascenseur L’immeuble est  situé à 200 mètres de la place Saint Germain des Prés  Quartier  mythique que celui du Saint Germain des Près pour ses nombreux sites historiques incluant des restaurants, des bars et des clubs de jazz.  Haut lieu de la mode avec toutes les enseignes de luxe et  boutiques de créateurs présentes sur place. Pour la détente, le jardin du Luxembourg est au bout de la rue et pour la culture 10 musées importants sont accessibles à pied en moins de 10 minutes, dont Le Louvre, Orsay, Luxembourg, Rodin,  A p
16474	Un appartement élégamment meublé, parquet verni, refait à neuf, double vitrage, extrêmement silencieux dans cette ville animée qu'est Paris ; on s'y repose si bien... Puis on descend deux étages, et on se retrouve dans les beaux quartiers du 6e, la Seine est à 10 minutes à pied, comme le Parc du Luxembourg. A lovely flat with nice furniture, really quiet and peaceful ; the best after a tourism acitve day in Paris city! In the 6th district ; ideal for walks, the Seine just 10-15 minutes walking ; as the Luxembourg parc.	Grand appartement fonctionnel de 45m² idéal pour un couple, à deux pas de Saint Germain des Prés, du Bon Marché, de La Grande Épicerie de Paris. Très calme et entièrement équipé (télé HD, wifi fibre optique).  Parfait pour vos vacances. Un appartement élégamment meublé, parquet verni, refait à neuf, double vitrage, extrêmement silencieux dans cette ville animée qu'est Paris ; on s'y repose si bien... Puis on descend deux étages, et on se retrouve dans les beaux quartiers du 6e, la Seine est à 10 minutes à pied, comme le Parc du Luxembourg. A lovely flat with nice furniture, really quiet and peaceful ; the best after a tourism acitve day in Paris city! In the 6th district ; ideal for walks, the Seine just 10-15 minutes walking ; as the Luxembourg parc. Plan de métro, adresses utiles et gourmandes, nos coups de cœurs à Paris ; on vous laisse nos conseils! Subway map, useful address, our favorites thing to do...we give you our advices! Le 6e arrondissement de Paris... Lignes 4, 10 et 12 à
16475	Appartement cosy de 30 m2 au beau milieu du quartier latin (à 2 minutes à pied du Jardin du Luxembourg et de la place Odéon ou la Sorbonne).  Se situant au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement vous offre même la vue sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments! (Panthéon, La Sorbonne, Notre-Dame, Pompidou)  Idéal pour un couple désireux de découvrir Paris. Equipé et meublé, salle de bain, cuisine séparée.  A 5 minutes du métro Cluny la Sorbonne (ligne 10) ou des métros Saint Michel et Odéon (ligne 4), vous pourrez arpenter le cœur de la capitale à pied ou à vélo! Location de l'appartement entier En plein cœur du quartier latin, de nombreux monuments historiques sont à découvrir dans les environs ainsi que de très nombreux restaurants et cafés typiquement parisiens! Métro 10, 4 RER C, B (Accès direct depuis l'aéroport, CDG, Orly) Bus 38 etc,	 Appartement cosy de 30 m2 au beau milieu du quartier latin (à 2 minutes à pied du Jardin du Luxembourg et de la place Odéon ou la Sorbonne).  Se situant au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement vous offre même la vue sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments! (Panthéon, La Sorbonne, Notre-Dame, Pompidou)  Idéal pour un couple désireux de découvrir Paris. Equipé et meublé, salle de bain, cuisine séparée.  A 5 minutes du métro Cluny la Sorbonne (ligne 10) ou des métros Saint Michel et Odéon (ligne 4), vous pourrez arpenter le cœur de la capitale à pied ou à vélo! Location de l'appartement entier En plein cœur du quartier latin, de nombreux monuments historiques sont à découvrir dans les environs ainsi que de très nombreux restaurants et cafés typiquement parisiens! Métro 10, 4 RER C, B (Accès direct depuis l'aéroport, CDG, Orly) Bus 38 etc,
16476		Magnifique 2 pièces, 55m2 L'appartement est situé à l'angle entre rue d'assas et la rue de Rennes, où il y a tous les magasins pour le shopping, la plupart des transports et commodités ainsi que de très bons restaurants et bars.
16477		Freshly renewed, this 47m appartment located in the very centre of Paris 2 minutes away from the Luxembourg garden has all the equipment needed (2televisions, dishwasher, washingmachine, wireless internet), a comfortable living-room with great luminosity and a dressing-room along the master bedroom. 
16478	Grand appartement : Salon, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec grande baignoire, toilette indépendant et quatre chambre.	Appartement situé à coté du Jardin du Luxembourg, desservit par 4 lignes de métro (M4- M12- M6 - M13) et à 10 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse. Quartier branché et dynamique. Colocation de 4 filles, grand appartement et ambiance chaleureuse Grand appartement : Salon, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec grande baignoire, toilette indépendant et quatre chambre. L'ensemble des pièces à vivre sont disponible à tous Etudiante en architecture, je serais aussi disponible pour vous conseillez les bons plans Situé dans le 6eme arrondissement de Paris, quartier branché : bars- restaurants - boulangeries- et shopping (rue de Rennes à 5 minutes à pied). A 10 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse et à 20 metres du jardin du Luxembourg. A 2 minutes à pied : Ligne 4 - Ligne 12, et à 6 minutes à pied : Ligne 6- Ligne 13 ainsi que desservit par de très nombreux bus.
16479	This apartment is on the 1st floor and has a very original design . it can accommodate up to 3  people   The first room is a living room with a bed for 2 people ,that gets up aginst the wall , leaving a good living space on the ground with a very comfortable bedding and closets on both sides of the bed, a nice table lounge , armchairs, flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The second part is composed of a kitchen area and includes any electrical equipment you want, with in particular a dishwasher and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided. Console and chairs allow you to enjoy your meals. A large closet is available . Above the kitchen area you will find a large mezzanine with a very comfortable bed for 2 people The bathroom has a bath with shower, sink and toilet 2 large apartment windows are soundproofed , heating is electric,  On the floor , you have a very warm tile flooring all the apartment 	"The apartment is located in one of the most trendy small streets in the area around the St. Germain  quarter, nearby  “Marché Saint Germain”, with its fashionable cafes , small fancy shops and especially ""the Atmosphere ""! ! This apartment is on the 1st floor and has a very original design . it can accommodate up to 3  people   The first room is a living room with a bed for 2 people ,that gets up aginst the wall , leaving a good living space on the ground with a very comfortable bedding and closets on both sides of the bed, a nice table lounge , armchairs, flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The second part is composed of a kitchen area and includes any electrical equipment you want, with in particular a dishwasher and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided. Console and chairs allow you to enjoy your meals. A large closet is available . Above the kitchen area you will find a large mezzanine with a very com"
16480	This one-bedroom apartment in Paris is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres bordering the Seine River. The flat is situated on the first floor of an 18th century building. Fully furnished and extremely well located it is perfect for a long term rentals in Paris. The apartment entrance opens into a corridor. The bathroom is to the left, straight ahead is the kitchen, and on the right is the living room. The bedroom is accessible through the living room via a double sliding door. The living room has a black parquet floor and two large windows with exterior shutters overlooking the street with a southeastern exposure. It is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, an armchair, a coffee table, shelves, a round dining table with stools and a decorative fireplace surrounded by built-in shelves. Before the entrance to the bedroom is a small corridor with two built-in closets. The bedroom is furnished with a double-size bed, two bedside tables, and a flat screen cable TV. It has a doub	This one-bedroom apartment in Paris is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres bordering the Seine River. The flat is situated on the first floor of an 18th century building. Fully furnished and extremely well located it is perfect for a long  This one-bedroom apartment in Paris is located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres bordering the Seine River. The flat is situated on the first floor of an 18th century building. Fully furnished and extremely well located it is perfect for a long term rentals in Paris. The apartment entrance opens into a corridor. The bathroom is to the left, straight ahead is the kitchen, and on the right is the living room. The bedroom is accessible through the living room via a double sliding door. The living room has a black parquet floor and two large windows with exterior shutters overlooking the street with a southeastern exposure. It is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, an armchair, a coffee table, shelves, a round dining table with stools 
16481	Bohemian style 1 large double bed in the bedroom 1 double sofa bed in the living room	"- 430.55 square feet (40 m2) in the legendary street ""rue du cherche-midi"" (the sun rises on one side of the street and sets on the other).  - Next to ""Le Bon Marché"" and Montparnasse neighborhood Bohemian style 1 large double bed in the bedroom 1 double sofa bed in the living room The entire flat Excellent French and Italian restaurants  - Gérard Depardieu's restaurant down the street - Le Bon Marché - Montparnasse neighborhood Subway/Buses/Taxis"
16482		Hello and welcome my dear guests! Come sit at the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris in a whole 3 bedroom apartment full of charm and comfort! This beautiful flat is available for short stays. See you soon ! At 50 meters from the Rue de Rennes  At 100 meters from the Montparnasse tower
16483	Paris 6e. Métro St-Germain, rue du Dragon.  Petit immeuble de 2 étages.  Studio 2 personnes, clair et calme, exposition plein sud, au 1er étage sur grande cour intérieure, cuisine équipée, lave linge, nombreux rangements.  Immeuble avec gardienne. Digicode. Internet, Télévision, Téléphone inclus. 	Quartier prestigieux et très touristique. Nombreux restaurants, magasins, cinémas. Paris 6 Métro St-Germain-des-Prés.  Proximité jardin du Luxembourg.  Petit immeuble de 2 étages.  Studio 2 personnes, clair,calme, plein sud. Paris 6e. Métro St-Germain, rue du Dragon.  Petit immeuble de 2 étages.  Studio 2 personnes, clair et calme, exposition plein sud, au 1er étage sur grande cour intérieure, cuisine équipée, lave linge, nombreux rangements.  Immeuble avec gardienne. Digicode. Internet, Télévision, Téléphone inclus.  Stations de métro: Saint-Germain-des-Prés et Sèvres-Babylone.  Nombreuses lignes de bus. Proximité Gare Montparnasse et Station de Taxis. Quartier prestigieux, très touristique, nombreux restaurants, magasins, cinémas, Proximité jardin du Luxembourg,  Nombreux magasins vêtements, alimentaires, Galeries, les Invalides, Musées, Notre Dame de Paris,  Commerçants, Cinémas, Restaurants, Station vélib, Café de Flore De l'aéroport d' Orly 30 minutes en taxi, de Roissy une heure.
16484	The apartment features a spacious living room including dining, one large bedroom with a queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, hallway and separate WC.   The apartment can accommodate three people (2 in the large bed, 1 on the extra mattress or the comfy sofa) and it can host 6 people at the dining table. Nice view on the roofs of Paris, from both the living room and the bedroom. The apt is quiet and bright, and located on the top floor of a beautiful Hausmann building with an elevator. It is newly and beautifully furnished with high quality design. Ideal to enjoy the best of Paris while feeling home in a comfortable and classy place!  	Enjoy the comfort of a beautiful and spacious apt in the best part of Paris and St Germain. Right between jardin du Luxembourg, Bon Marché & St Sulpice, and four blocks to the Seine. The apartment is bright and freshly renovated - new furniture too! The apartment features a spacious living room including dining, one large bedroom with a queen size bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, hallway and separate WC.   The apartment can accommodate three people (2 in the large bed, 1 on the extra mattress or the comfy sofa) and it can host 6 people at the dining table. Nice view on the roofs of Paris, from both the living room and the bedroom. The apt is quiet and bright, and located on the top floor of a beautiful Hausmann building with an elevator. It is newly and beautifully furnished with high quality design. Ideal to enjoy the best of Paris while feeling home in a comfortable and classy place!  The accommodation comes with towels and linens, toiletry, sharing my Paris guides, great t
16485	This charming one bedroom apartment is located on rue mazarine, in the Saint Germain des Pres Area. It is between the famous Place Saint Germain des Pres, and the Seine River with Ile de la Cite (and Notre Dame). On the 4th floor without an elevator, it has a charming and lovely decoration with tiled floor and wooden beams. Perfect location!  This one bedroom apartment of 35 square meters (about 377 sq ft) features a very charming living room, full of trinkets and objects from all over the world. It includes a comfortable couch, 2 armchairs, coffee table, and other decorative wooden furniture. Two large windows on the court side make it luminous.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with fridge, microwave, electric stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, and 2 stools. The separate small bedroom includes a double bed, and a window on the court side. The bathroom features a shower, sink, and toilet. The apartment is equipped with Wi-Fi, telephone, & cable TV.  It is perfectly situated on rue Maza	This charming one bedroom apartment is located on rue mazarine, in the Saint Germain des Pres Area. It is between the famous Place Saint Germain des Pres, and the Seine River with Ile de la Cite (and Notre Dame). On the 4th floor without an elevator, it has a charming and lovely decoration with tiled floor and wooden beams. Perfect location!  This one bedroom apartment of 35 square meters (about 377 sq ft) features a very charming living room, full of trinkets and objects from all over the world. It includes a comfortable couch, 2 armchairs, coffee table, and other decorative wooden furniture. Two large windows on the court side make it luminous.  The open-plan kitchen is equipped with fridge, microwave, electric stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, and 2 stools. The separate small bedroom includes a double bed, and a window on the court side. The bathroom features a shower, sink, and toilet. The apartment is equipped with Wi-Fi, telephone, & cable TV.  It is perfectly situated on rue Maza
16486	This air-conditioned apartment is very comfortable for two people, couples visiting Paris to find a haven of peace after the long days to walk Completely independent , kitchenette, walk-in shower . Microwave oven, coffee maker , refrigerator, air conditioning. Linens. You have to climb a ladder to access to the first floor is the bedroom . This apartment is located in the heart of St Germain Des Pres district , near the Louvre and the Musee d'Orsay. Perfect for a young couple passing in Paris. All inclusive .	This air-conditioned apartment is very comfortable for two people, couples visiting Paris to find a haven of peace after the long days to walk Completely independent , kitchenette, walk-in shower . Microwave oven, coffee maker , refrigerator, air conditioning. Linens. You have to climb a ladder to access to the first floor is the bedroom . This apartment is located in the heart of St Germain Des Pres district , near the Louvre and the Musee d'Orsay. Perfect for a young couple passing in Paris. All inclusive . Air-conditioned. The area is one of the most beautiful in Paris. Around the apartment you will find a lot of art galleries, French bakeries, most famous parisian bistros such as café de Flore , Les Deux Magots, Lipp... Don't forget the finest pastries as Ladurée, Pierre Hermé... At night the neighbourhood is full of life, there are music bands playing in the streets, the terraces and the ice cream shop are crowded. It's a very wealthy neighbourhood which also make it very safe eve
16487	Very nice apartment with 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen 1 dining room, 1 living room, Traditional apartment with oak flooring, ceiling moulur. There is a beautiful view on the effeil round the living room, large balcony. Perfect for kids, 1 baby bed, changing table and plenty of toys. I have a 2 year old girl who is happy to share his room. Bathroom with Bathtub, The apartment is on 5em floor, with elevator,	Historical building of the Latin Quarter on the famous Boulevard Saint-Germain,  5 minutes walk from the Notre Dame Cathedral and Luxembourg Gardens. Close to all the historical places of the capital. You can do everything on foot. 
16488	Great Studio in the heart of Paris, with all you need for a confortable stay. Freshly upgraded in a  18th century building.  	Ideally situated next place St Sulpice, heart of Saint Germain des Prés legendary Paris left bank. Walk to most central Paris attractions. On 3rd floor 18 century building (no lift). Please note it is 7 days minimum rental. Great Studio in the heart of Paris, with all you need for a confortable stay. Freshly upgraded in a  18th century building.  The studio will all yours alone. You will get a detailed brochure & your set of keys. Minimal unless you need any assistance.  I am reachable 24 h/ days via email & cell phone. Best location possibile in Paris. Walking distance to all the major attraction. Many restaurants, coffee shop, market, all the fashion boutiques -Saint Laurent is downstairs!- Next to the Luxembourg Gardens. See details of the hood in this NYTimes video. All accessible walking distance! (website hidden) Metro & Buses all around Metro St Sulpice (ligne 4) Metro Mabillon (ligne 11) Buses down the doors 3rd floor walk up (French 2nd floor!) Bed is a sofa bed HOWEVER note t
16489	"Location, location, location!!  The studio is amazingly situated in the 6th district of Paris, walking distance from Luxembourg and Bon marché This is a typical ""chambre de bonne"" room, it used to be the room where the personnel of weatlhy families lived in the XIXth century and onward, so you will be getting a piece of history staying there!  I have spent some time in the room and really enjoy the place and the area, which is amazing. It is very small, but hey, who comes to Paris to stay in their room?"	"Location, location, location! I am renting our 9m² ""chambre de bonne"", a room on a top floor of a traditional parisian style building in the heart of the 6th district. It is quite small, however it is very comfortable and amazingly well situated Location, location, location!!  The studio is amazingly situated in the 6th district of Paris, walking distance from Luxembourg and Bon marché This is a typical ""chambre de bonne"" room, it used to be the room where the personnel of weatlhy families lived in the XIXth century and onward, so you will be getting a piece of history staying there!  I have spent some time in the room and really enjoy the place and the area, which is amazing. It is very small, but hey, who comes to Paris to stay in their room? The studio is situated on the 5th floor with no elevator in a very traditional Parisian building You have a shower in the room, however very small... But very convenient. We will be providing you with clean bedsheets and towels The toilets are o"
16490	Atelier d'artiste transformé. Idéalement situé au coeur de St Germain des Près, Face aux Beaux Arts. Et pourtant très silencieux.	Atelier d'artiste transformé. Idéalement situé au coeur de St Germain des Près, Face aux Beaux Arts. Et pourtant très silencieux. Visite guidée de musées possible avec supplément  par le propriétaire (Artiste, enseignante,  professeur d'art.)  Quartier historique et intellectuel ( Le Flore, les deux Magots, Lipp), et contemporain (galeries, café, restaurants, mode). Métro Saint Germain des Près à  150m Croisement  bd St Germain et Bonaparte. Nombreux bus et taxis au croisement. Bus 95 (Nord Sud) au bas de l'immeuble. 24 (Est Ouest) sur les quais à 100m.
16491	The apartment has two living rooms and one large brightly lit kitchen, perfect for families who want to feel at home in Paris. 	Bright and spacious 3 bedroom 110m2 apartment in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. Walking distance from the Luxembourg Gardens, Saint-Germain des Prés and the Latin Quarter. Very comfortable with 2 living rooms and a large, equipped kitchen. The apartment has two living rooms and one large brightly lit kitchen, perfect for families who want to feel at home in Paris.  The apartment is right next to the Luxembourg gardens and Saint Germain des Près. It's an ideal location to discover the best of what Paris has to offer!  It is close to the Gare Montparnasse and not too far from Paris Orly Airport. The metro is a short 5 minutes walk from the apartment. 
16492	Its location , its tranquility and atmosphere totally Saint-Germain ! No elevator, but four floors easy to assemble . It is a short walk from Picasso's studio and within 100 meters shopping district of Buci , and restaurants. Direct airports by RER .	Small flat with a bedroom, on the top floor a mansion XVII century . Can accommodate two people. In the historic Saint-Germain, in a very quiet street, 50 meters from the Seine and close to restaurants, shops, cinemas, le Flore and 2 undergrounds. Its location , its tranquility and atmosphere totally Saint-Germain ! No elevator, but four floors easy to assemble . It is a short walk from Picasso's studio and within 100 meters shopping district of Buci , and restaurants. Direct airports by RER . Everything The neighborhood is a mix of animation and calm. The Paris artists . Many cafes and art galleries. Within walking distance of all major museums. By tube
16493	Charming, spacious, and calm. Located right in the heart of St Germain-des-Près, in a neighbourhood full of small shops and restaurants. The pedestrian street rue Buci is right around the corner.	Spacious apartment full of charm.  Located on rue Dauphine, 200m from Odeon and 200m from Pont Neuf. Very quiet and cosy in 17th century building. 1 room, a small kitchen and 1 bathroom.  Third floor with big windows towards two court yards. Charming, spacious, and calm. Located right in the heart of St Germain-des-Près, in a neighbourhood full of small shops and restaurants. The pedestrian street rue Buci is right around the corner. The apartment has an equiped kitchen, with Microwave oven and Nespresso machine.  The bathroom is mothern.  It is also equiped with flatschreen TV and Wifi. 200m from Metro lines 4 and 10. 500m from RER B (direct to the airport) and RER E (direct to Versailles). There is also a bus stop right outside the door and Velib bicycles 50m away.
16494		This is a lovely 30 sq. meters studio in the heart of St Germain des Pres, on the 3rd floor of a 17th century building, fully renovated last year, extremely quiet, with a lot of character, old beams, oak parquet floor and refined decoration.
16495	Plenty of nice restaurants around, the Cafe de Flore, art galleries, movie houses, the magnificent Luxembourg garden... simply the best place to stay in Paris Metro and RER (direct link to Paris-CDG airport)	Splendid flat 115 sq. meters / 1250 sq. feet in St Germain des Près, 100m from Luxembourg gardens 2 bedrooms, each with double bed Living room with 2 sofas, one of which can convert into a double bed Dining room 2 bathrooms Max. occ. 6 pers. Plenty of nice restaurants around, the Cafe de Flore, art galleries, movie houses, the magnificent Luxembourg garden... simply the best place to stay in Paris Metro and RER (direct link to Paris-CDG airport) Metro station at 100m
16496	Located in the heart of Paris’ lively 6th arrondissement known as The Latin Quarter, this immaculate studio apartment is situated within easy walking distance of Notre Dame and The Pantheon. This apartment makes for an ideal base from which to explore the sights of Paris. Direct access to Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport is via the RER B train station at Luxembourg, just a 450m from the apartment. Designer shops and high street fashion brands are on the doorstep as well as an array of restaurants to cater for all tastes.  Theatres, bars, live music venues and clubs can all be found in the Latin Quarter. Near to the apartment, for your convenience, you can find bakery, butchers, market, cafes, supermarkets, pharmacy and hairdressers. Other Paris sights within easy access of the apartment include: Champs Elysees, Opera, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, Ile de la Cité, the Luxembourg Gardens (Jardins de Luxembourg) amongst many others.   This 24m² studio apartment is  loca	Nice 2 rooms on the second floor overlooking a quiet courtyard. The apartment has many windows, the charm of the tiles is typical of a Parisian apartment. Located in the 6th district and the famous Latin Quarter. Located in the heart of Paris’ lively 6th arrondissement known as The Latin Quarter, this immaculate studio apartment is situated within easy walking distance of Notre Dame and The Pantheon. This apartment makes for an ideal base from which to explore the sights of Paris. Direct access to Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport is via the RER B train station at Luxembourg, just a 450m from the apartment. Designer shops and high street fashion brands are on the doorstep as well as an array of restaurants to cater for all tastes.  Theatres, bars, live music venues and clubs can all be found in the Latin Quarter. Near to the apartment, for your convenience, you can find bakery, butchers, market, cafes, supermarkets, pharmacy and hairdressers. Other Paris sights within easy acc
16497	"Situé dans un immeuble art nouveau typiquement Belle Époque, mon appartement offre un décor chic avec ses cheminées, son parquet, ses moulures et ses larges fenêtres. On y trouve aussi, parmi les livres, le piano et autres instruments de musique, un air d'artiste très ""Bohème."" Il comporte une grande chambre, un salon-salle-à-manger où se mélange charme de l'ancien et meubles design, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bains. On pourra profiter à toute heure des fauteuils du salon, des accents du piano et des charmes de la grande chambre.  Mais les mots ne font que deviner ce que les images révèlent... Rendez-vous aux photos !"	"Mon appartement est à l'image de l'écrivain parisien qui a donné son nom à ma rue, Huysmans : chic, musical, littéraire, décalé, dans ce quartier où l'histoire est partout présente, la nuit comme le jour... Situé dans un immeuble art nouveau typiquement Belle Époque, mon appartement offre un décor chic avec ses cheminées, son parquet, ses moulures et ses larges fenêtres. On y trouve aussi, parmi les livres, le piano et autres instruments de musique, un air d'artiste très ""Bohème."" Il comporte une grande chambre, un salon-salle-à-manger où se mélange charme de l'ancien et meubles design, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bains. On pourra profiter à toute heure des fauteuils du salon, des accents du piano et des charmes de la grande chambre.  Mais les mots ne font que deviner ce que les images révèlent... Rendez-vous aux photos ! salon/salle-à-manger chambre parentale cuisine salle de bains et toilettes séparées L'appartement est loué tout entier, je n'y serai donc pas lors des séjours"
16498	Very good standing building. The apartment in Paris is on the 5th and last floor with elevator. Note that the lift starts on the 1st floor. You will therefore have to climb few steps to get it. Beautiful one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. This apartment can sleep up to four guests who will be comfortably settled as it features two bathrooms. The entrance hall gives on the living-room. It features a sofabed with a very good quality queen size mattress (160×200) chosen for daily use. From the living room you have access to the first bathroom which has a walk-in shower and toilets. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a little desk, a TV and a second bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and toilets as well. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. This place is perfect for four people. If you are two couples traveling together, or even two people sleeping in a separate bed, each of you will have your own bathroom which will be very comfortab	You are surrounded by cafes, restaurants, shops and many art galleries in this short term rental in Paris. It has the desirable features of the sun shining in, filling the place with light, and its view over the roofs of Paris. Very good standing building. The apartment in Paris is on the 5th and last floor with elevator. Note that the lift starts on the 1st floor. You will therefore have to climb few steps to get it. Beautiful one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris that has been recently renovated. This apartment can sleep up to four guests who will be comfortably settled as it features two bathrooms. The entrance hall gives on the living-room. It features a sofabed with a very good quality queen size mattress (160×200) chosen for daily use. From the living room you have access to the first bathroom which has a walk-in shower and toilets. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a little desk, a TV and a second bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and toilets as well. The fitted kit
16499	Ideal for romantic break or business trip as well, central in Saint Germain des Prés, closed to Saint Sulpice, in a very quiet and safe street, few steps from best places, two blocks away from all major Métro/Bus lines, ...located in  a quality and quite 19th century building, on 5th floor (with elevator), the place consists in an entrance lighted by its window, a bedroom with double bed (140X190) ideal for 2 people and a shower-room with toilet and window overlooking St Sulpice. The place just renewed, is cosy and typical with its parquet floor and the moldings on the ceiling.  You will find there WIFI, a Nespresso coffee machine, a kettle and a refrigerator, coffee, teas, sugar and other delicacies. In the bath room, an hairdryer, gelwash and more... I will share with you my best plans of Paris and giving good ideas if you wish. I live next door, same floor, so it is easy to contact me...  Your bed will be fresh and ready, the place will neat and clean, you will enjoy every detail...	Our cosy and comfortable one bedroom apartment in a very typical Parisian building (on 5th floor with elevator) will give you a great feeling. Located in Saint Germain des Prés, 2 steps away from Saint Sulpice, the area and the building are quiet, safe and selected. Ideal for 2 persons : entrance , bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with toilet facing Saint Sulpice . Newly renovated place, the neighborhood is great , you 'll love it ! ... Ideal for romantic break or business trip as well, central in Saint Germain des Prés, closed to Saint Sulpice, in a very quiet and safe street, few steps from best places, two blocks away from all major Métro/Bus lines, ...located in  a quality and quite 19th century building, on 5th floor (with elevator), the place consists in an entrance lighted by its window, a bedroom with double bed (140X190) ideal for 2 people and a shower-room with toilet and window overlooking St Sulpice. The place just renewed, is cosy and typical with its parquet floor an
