3300	Paris 7th - Paris 7° arrondissement  Saint Germain/Orsay (rue de Bac)    The apartment is located in the 7ème arrondissement few metres away from the River Seine, between Saint Germain des Près with its famous cafés and restaurant (Les deux Magôts, Café de Flore, Lipp, etc.) and Musée d'Orsay, in the middle of the best area for art galleries, fashion and home decorating boutiques. This 40 square meters apartment is on the ground floor. It consists of an open kitchen just in the entrance of the flat, a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The living room has a table for 4 persons, a fireplace with an armchair and an elegant sofa convertible in a regular single bed, and minor furnishing. The bedroom is furnished by a queen size bed, cupboards and closets, an antique drawer/dresser, and a sofa. The bathroom has shower cabin, washbasin, WC. The apartment is really very calm and quiet : all the windows face an internal courtyard, accessible directly from the bedroom. Transportation is eas	The apartment is located in the 7ème arrondissement few metres away from the River Seine
3301	very charming ground flour. no cars. view on the statue of the square and a flowery courtyard. 150 m2- 2 bedrooms, one for children, one for parents. spacious living rooms.	At the end of a pretty square listed at historical monument, a spacious Haussman apartment to live Paris in very special atmosphere. Calm guarantee. Between Invalides & Eiffel Tower, closed to the pedestrian street rue Cler. Ideal for a family.
3302		Charming Studio nestled between Musée d'Orsay and Le Louvre, Bd St Germain. Small separate bathroom (with tub) and kitchen, fully furnished. 20square meters, furnished with double bed, wireless internet, 2ème étage on calm courtyard, bright, clean.
3303		Cet appartement de 50m2 a deux pas de la tour eiffel sera vous combler par sa luminosité, son calme apaisant et sa location centrale. Il est en parfait état et équipé de tout le nécessaire (Wifi, cable, Tv, enceintes, Ipad..)
3304	This lovely studio apartment is located next to rue Vaneau, in the 7th arrondissement, in an area full of local and convenient stores. Near Les Invalides and the famous luxury department store Le Bon Marché, it is on the 2nd floor without an elevator.  This comfortable apartment features a convertible sofa, wooden beams, and high ceiling. It is equipped with free wifi and tv with international channels.  This 25 square meters (or 237 sq ft) apartment has a double exposure with 2 windows on the street side, and 1 window on the court side. It features wooden beams, a high ceiling and a decorative fire place which adds a lot of charm to this cosy studio. The convertible sofa is comfortable with a real mattress.  The kitchen area is in the living room, and includes fridge, stove, microwave, and cookware. You have a charming dining area with 4 chairs, and an extra armchair. The bathroom is luminous with an extra window, and features a small tub, sink and toilet.  	Lovely studio located in the Vaneau area in the 7th arrondissement, near Le Bon Marché department store, at a walking distance to Les Invalides. 2nd floor without an elevator. Very calm area with many commodities. This lovely studio apartment is located next to rue Vaneau, in the 7th arrondissement, in an area full of local and convenient stores. Near Les Invalides and the famous luxury department store Le Bon Marché, it is on the 2nd floor without an elevator.  This comfortable apartment features a convertible sofa, wooden beams, and high ceiling. It is equipped with free wifi and tv with international channels.  This 25 square meters (or 237 sq ft) apartment has a double exposure with 2 windows on the street side, and 1 window on the court side. It features wooden beams, a high ceiling and a decorative fire place which adds a lot of charm to this cosy studio. The convertible sofa is comfortable with a real mattress.  The kitchen area is in the living room, and includes fridge, stove,
3305	For the Christmas & New Year period is required a minimum stay of 5 days.	The is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shop and  dining.  Elegant apartment is just 300m the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides , Champs de Mars &  at the famous Rue Cler.You will find a bottle of Champagne for free. For the Christmas & New Year period is required a minimum stay of 5 days. WiFi, Towels, coffee for free & coffee machine  I interact as much the traveler need it. Tour Eiffel, Invalides, musee de que branly, Grand Palais , ecc Metro Line 8 : Ecole Militaire or Tour Maubourg Bus line 69 and others, Phone No of G7 Taxi for foreigners:(phone number hidden)hrs service The apartments is in a 2nd floor , no elevator since historical building
3306	Modern building of the fifties of a good standing. The apartment is on the 8th floor with elevator. This apartment is exceptional because of its view. Indeed from the small terrace of 11 m2, with full south exposition, you will have a view onto the Paris rooftops with the Eiffel Tower looking down on you on your right-hand side! At night with a glass of wine, the spectacle of the Eiffel tower sparkling will leave you with unforgettable memories. Paris studio of 30 m2, recently renovated, composed of a main room with a sleeping space (double bed 140*200), a settee, a coffee table and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The kitchen, fully equipped, is open on the living room. The bathroom has a very nice shower. The apartment is connected to the internet through optical fibre, which gives you a impressive flow of 100MB. To conclude, this apartment to rent in Paris is really pleasant, enjoying a central location and a superb small terrace.	An apartment to rent in Paris that is very pleasant, enjoying a central location and a superb small terrace, with a view over the city rooftops and.....of the Eiffel Tower! A place that will leave you with many memories. Modern building of the fifties of a good standing. The apartment is on the 8th floor with elevator. This apartment is exceptional because of its view. Indeed from the small terrace of 11 m2, with full south exposition, you will have a view onto the Paris rooftops with the Eiffel Tower looking down on you on your right-hand side! At night with a glass of wine, the spectacle of the Eiffel tower sparkling will leave you with unforgettable memories. Paris studio of 30 m2, recently renovated, composed of a main room with a sleeping space (double bed 140*200), a settee, a coffee table and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The kitchen, fully equipped, is open on the living room. The bathroom has a very nice shower. The apartment is connected to the internet through optical f
3307		Au calme dans un quartier animé, l'appart' I (3 pièces) bénéficie d'une vue sur les toits, donnant sur une cour arrière. Au grand calme donc, une chambre pour 3 personnes est régulièrement disponible, sachant que la 2nde est occupée.
3308		The best thing about the apartment though is probably the location - a short walk to the Eiffel tower (1-2min) and Invalides. A slightly longer walk ( 20 minutes ) to the Champs Elysees. There are great restaurants nearby, and all the other Paris essentials - boulangerie, cafes, fromagerie 
3309	A Very Quiet Cosy Nest In Saint-germain Des Pres In The Exquisite Rue De Verneuil.  One storey above street level of a quiet building. In a chic, historic and expensive, very central district. You'll be able to walk to most major Paris sights but it is also near to two different metro lines (RER C & line 12, direct to Montmartre). Easy access from the airports by public transports. It can sleep two people, with a bathroom and a kitchenette.  Linen provided, WIFI or RJ45 internet connection. Amenities/Facilities provided hob/stove, fridge, microwave, iron/ironing board, internet access Outside The very quiet rue de Verneuil famous for being home of Serge Gainsbourg and the exquisite posh and historical neighbourhood of Saint Germain des Près. This is also a district known for the aristocratic homes called Hôtel Particuliers and the former neighbourhood of the musqueteers. Travel You can get easily to Charles de Gaulle Airport by trains RER B & C and Orly. Airport with RER C. Beauvais ai	A Very Quiet Cosy Nest In Saint-germain Des Pres In The Exquisite Rue De Verneuil.  One storey above street level of a quiet building. In a chic, historic and expensive, very central district. You'll be able to walk to most major Paris sights but it is also near to two different metro lines (RER C & line 12, direct to Montmartre). Easy access from the airports by public transports. It can sleep two people, with a bathroom and a kitchenette.  Linen provided, WIFI or RJ45 internet connection. Amenities/Facilities provided hob/stove, fridge, microwave, iron/ironing board, internet access Outside The very quiet rue de Verneuil famous for being home of Serge Gainsbourg and the exquisite posh and historical neighbourhood of Saint Germain des Près. This is also a district known for the aristocratic homes called Hôtel Particuliers and the former neighbourhood of the musqueteers. Travel You can get easily to Charles de Gaulle Airport by trains RER B & C and Orly. Airport with RER C. Beauvais ai
3310	Logement situé au 1er étage. Propre, calme, accueillant, reposant. La location se fait à la semaine de samedi à samedi.  disponible du 18 juillet au 29 août 2015 Horaires d'entrée dans les lieux : à partir de 14 heures Sortie des lieux : à 11 heures Frais de ménage 20 euros inclus dans le prix	Appt 2 pièces, 35m2. Bien agencé. Composé d'une entrée-bureau, cuisine entièrement équipée, salon, chambre, salle de bain avec toilettes. Très bon état.  location de samedi à samedi Ravis de vous accueillir à trois minutes à pied du Champ de Mars. Logement situé au 1er étage. Propre, calme, accueillant, reposant. La location se fait à la semaine de samedi à samedi.  disponible du 18 juillet au 29 août 2015 Horaires d'entrée dans les lieux : à partir de 14 heures Sortie des lieux : à 11 heures Frais de ménage 20 euros inclus dans le prix Ils ont accès à l'appartement dans sa totalité. Nous sommes toujours joignables et prêts à intervenir au cas où les locataires nous demanderaient quoi que ce soit. Nous sommes joignables par mail (Thierry : (email hidden) / (phone number hidden)) Caroline : (email hidden) / (phone number hidden)) Quartier unique. l'appartement est situé rue Augereau, une rue entre la rue Saint-Dominique, très commerçante et la rue de Grenelle. La tour Eiffel est à 300 m
3311		Studio tout neuf et tout équipé dans un quartier central et très sécurisé.
3312	The apartment overlooks a beautiful paved courtyard and a listed mansion of the 18th century.  From the windows of the apartment you will enjoy peaceful views of the monument and the green bamboo.  In the apartment, you will discover  an entrance with a library that leads to a large lounge and dining area.  In this entry you will also find guest toilet and a dressing room with a large wardrobe closet. In the living room there are two comfortable sofas, large windows overlooking the courtyard.  The living room is bright and through.  A dining room with a large table and chairs.  The kitchen is fully equipped, you'll even have a washing machine and dryer, nothing is missing for a comfortable stay.  In the bedroom there is a double bed 140 cm wide, closets and wardrobe, a desk with a printer,   A television set (French channels). A large marble bathroom with a bath equipped with a shower and toilets. You will enjoy strolling in Saint Germain des Pres, browse beautiful quiet steets of the 	The apartment overlooks a beautiful paved courtyard and a listed mansion of the 18th century.  From the windows of the apartment you will enjoy peaceful views of the monument and the green bamboo.  In the apartment, you will discover  an entrance with a library that leads to a large lounge and dining area.  In this entry you will also find guest toilet and a dressing room with a large wardrobe closet. In the living room there are two comfortable sofas, large windows overlooking the courtyard.  The living room is bright and through.  A dining room with a large table and chairs.  The kitchen is fully equipped, you'll even have a washing machine and dryer, nothing is missing for a comfortable stay.  In the bedroom there is a double bed 140 cm wide, closets and wardrobe, a desk with a printer,   A television set (French channels). A large marble bathroom with a bath equipped with a shower and toilets. You will enjoy strolling in Saint Germain des Pres, browse beautiful quiet steets of the 
3313	10m2, avec salle de bain et toilettes à l'intérieur. Lit une personne avec penderie et nombreux rangements. Cuisine équipée. 5eme étage sans ascenseur, gardienne à l'entrée de l'hôtel particulier. Invalides et esplanade des Invalides Grand Palais Musee d'Orsay Assemblée National Shopping 7eme arrondissement Rue de Grenelle Basilique Sainte Clothilde Saint Germain des Près Pont Alexandre III Métro Ligne 12 Solférino Métro Ligne 8 Invalides Velib'	Ideal holiday, 10m2, fully equipped in one of Paris's most exclusive areas, you will be accommodated in hotel particulier to government and the National Assembly. 5 min Invalides and Orsay.
3314	This charming 2 bedroom apartment is located in the heart of Paris, a few meters from the Eiffel Tower. It will be a perfect place for a perfect Parisian stay! You will be a short walk away from everything : You can easily walk to go to the most beautiful parisian museums and sites: 5 minutes from the Invalides, 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, 10 minutes from the RER C - Château de Versailles (Alma). The apartment is extremely quiet and is located on the 4th floor (no elevator). It is fully equipped (fridge, freezer, washing machine, TV, ...) and close to many shops and shopping streets.	This apartment (4th floor-no lift) is located few meters from the Eiffel Tower.  It can comfortably accommodate two people with the possibility of sleeping also in the living room. Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen as well as the area. This charming 2 bedroom apartment is located in the heart of Paris, a few meters from the Eiffel Tower. It will be a perfect place for a perfect Parisian stay! You will be a short walk away from everything : You can easily walk to go to the most beautiful parisian museums and sites: 5 minutes from the Invalides, 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysees, 10 minutes from the RER C - Château de Versailles (Alma). The apartment is extremely quiet and is located on the 4th floor (no elevator). It is fully equipped (fridge, freezer, washing machine, TV, ...) and close to many shops and shopping streets. Lots of cafés, bars ans a lively area (champ de mars) Tube : Ecole Militaire  Bus: 80 et 92  RER C: Alma
3315		Studio tout équipé de 21 m2 placé à 3 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel.  Grande pièce agréable pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Situé au coeur de Paris, ce quartier offre de nombreux avantages :proches commerces et lieux touristiques
3316	The apartment is very comfortable to spend pleasant moments and very weel situated to be able take advantage of Paris	 The apartment is located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris in a quiet place nearby Montparnasse Tower, Hotel National des Invalides ( closest subway stations are Vaneau and Duroc ). The apartment is very comfortable to spend pleasant moments and very weel situated to be able take advantage of Paris
3317	"This is a 35 square meters (approx: 377 sqft) one bedroom apartment, located on rue du Gros Caillou in the 7th arrondissement of Paris Eiffel Tower (less than ten minutes walk) district and just a few steps from the Branly museum.  It is on 1st French floor without elevator. It consists of a living/dining room with a sofa-bed, a small bedroom with a double bed 140x190, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The appartement will offer you all the modern comfort and can welcome up to 4 people. It is served by the metro station ""Ecole Militaire"", and is not so far from RER C ""Pont de L'Alma"" station. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - Iron - Ironing board - Washing Machine - Dryer - vacuum living/dining room Surfa"	"Apartment situated in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between rue de Grenelle and rue Saint Dominique, very close to Ecole Militaire and Les Invalides. 1 bedroom. This is a 35 square meters (approx: 377 sqft) one bedroom apartment, located on rue du Gros Caillou in the 7th arrondissement of Paris Eiffel Tower (less than ten minutes walk) district and just a few steps from the Branly museum.  It is on 1st French floor without elevator. It consists of a living/dining room with a sofa-bed, a small bedroom with a double bed 140x190, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The appartement will offer you all the modern comfort and can welcome up to 4 people. It is served by the metro station ""Ecole Militaire"", and is not so far from RER C ""Pont de L'Alma"" station. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - towels / linen - U.S. Kitche"
3318	Renovated 15m2 studio very well located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement. Many shops and restaurants are very close .	This studio, near the Eiffel Tower, is  pretty and very well located. It is well equipped. The sofa bed is very confortable and very easy to handle. Renovated 15m2 studio very well located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement. Many shops and restaurants are very close . The entry code  for the main entrance is 2569 Cross the nearby then face the back of the court entry code is 3654 Take the lift until sixt floor and then leaving to take the right hallway, up the stairs and follow the hallway to the bottom where you will find on your right the door No. 20, the entry code is c1260 Hello, we reported the best addresses in the guide There is no key but simply a code to open the studio's door
3319	A few minutes away from St Germain des Prés, trendy area, very Parisian. Fully furnished room.	between St Germain des Prés & le Louvre, rue du Bac, 10 m² room with large window with street view, renovated. 2nd floor with elevator. Bathroom & wc separated, shared with 2 other rooms. Furnished kitchen. Transportation & shops close by. A few minutes away from St Germain des Prés, trendy area, very Parisian. Fully furnished room. Access to the room by main stairs and elevator. Full time gardienne. Parking, bus, métro, RER, Autolib, Velib nearby. Easy access to airports & train stations.
3320	This apartment of 60 sqm, 2 rooms, is located Surcouf street in the 7th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils.	This charming and tastefully decorated 60 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Surcouf in the 7th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people: -1 Double bed  -1 Sofa bed -1 Murphy bed This apartment of 60 sqm, 2 rooms, is located Surcouf street in the 7th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 20th century building is equipped with security code and intercom. One of the most popular areas of the capital Located in a sparsely populated part of Paris considering the monuments and green spaces present, the Invalides district has barely more than 6,000 privileged residents. However, the animation is continuous because of the tourists due to its central location on the left bank between the Eiffel
3321	Ce bel appartement est idéalement situé à la limite des quartiers des invalides A 200 mètres de laTour Maubourg et des Invalides vous pourrez visiter le cœur de Paris ... à pied ! La proximité immédiate des lignes de métro n° 9 (station Tour Maubourg ) vous donne également accès au quartier de la Tour Eiffel , au musée du Louvre mais aussi à la célèbre avenue des Champs Elysées et à toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris. The Paris Invalides apartment is located 2nd floor of a characteristic 18s century building. Inside the apartment are exposed timber roof beams and a fire place that create a rustic feeling. You are just a few minutes walk from the Invalides , les Seine . Living – lounge area : The living room is spacious and elegantly decorated with a confotble sofa bed .  The bathroom is spacious with shower, and toilets.  Kitchen : Apart from providing a complete set of kitchenware, the kitchen is also fully equipped with: electric cooker, refrigerator, microwave, 	Ce charmant F1 calme , lumineux , accueillant et douillet, est typique ! Il peut accueillir 3 personnes  et est central, dans une rue calme, à deux pas de métro et de la  seine . Profitez de cet endroit à proximité des monuments touristiques   Ce bel appartement est idéalement situé à la limite des quartiers des invalides A 200 mètres de laTour Maubourg et des Invalides vous pourrez visiter le cœur de Paris ... à pied ! La proximité immédiate des lignes de métro n° 9 (station Tour Maubourg ) vous donne également accès au quartier de la Tour Eiffel , au musée du Louvre mais aussi à la célèbre avenue des Champs Elysées et à toutes les autres destinations incontournables de Paris. The Paris Invalides apartment is located 2nd floor of a characteristic 18s century building. Inside the apartment are exposed timber roof beams and a fire place that create a rustic feeling. You are just a few minutes walk from the Invalides , les Seine . Living – lounge area : The living room is spacious and el
3322	"Le logement Studio de 45m2 face à la tour eiffel...  Au 3em étage sans ascenseur.  Situé à deux pas du champs de mars pour y faire vos pic-niques ou seulement vous balader.  En bas de l'immeuble petits commerçants traditionnels, boulanger, charcutier, épicier et primeur.Egalement à deux pas de la rue clers où vous pourrez faire votre marché ou diner dans de petits restaurants typiquement français.  Les transports en communs les plus proches sont le métro ""école militaire"", les bus 92, 69 et 80 qui vous emmèneront dans les quartiers mythiques de Paris.  Par contre, je demanderai aux futurs locataires d'éviter les soirées nocturnes car il est important de respecter la tranquilité du voisinage. Le studio peut accueillir deux personnes, un grand lit deux places, une salle de bain, cuisine ouverte donnant sur le salon, petit bar sympa, deux grandes fenêtres qui rendent cet appartement ensoleillé et sympathique pour y vivre comme de vrais parisiens...BIENVENUE!"	"Le logement Studio de 45m2 face à la tour eiffel...  Au 3em étage sans ascenseur.  Situé à deux pas du champs de mars pour y faire vos pic-niques ou seulement vous balader.  En bas de l'immeuble petits commerçants traditionnels, boulanger, charcutier, épicier et primeur.Egalement à deux pas de la rue clers où vous pourrez faire votre marché ou diner dans de petits restaurants typiquement français.  Les transports en communs les plus proches sont le métro ""école militaire"", les bus 92, 69 et 80 qui vous emmèneront dans les quartiers mythiques de Paris.  Par contre, je demanderai aux futurs locataires d'éviter les soirées nocturnes car il est important de respecter la tranquilité du voisinage. Le studio peut accueillir deux personnes, un grand lit deux places, une salle de bain, cuisine ouverte donnant sur le salon, petit bar sympa, deux grandes fenêtres qui rendent cet appartement ensoleillé et sympathique pour y vivre comme de vrais parisiens...BIENVENUE!"
3323		50sq meters in st germain des pres ( in front of sciencepo paris, the french university) . double bed. Quiet .facing an inside garden. Ideal for a couple. Wifi. Wahsibg machine. 4th floor. You have access to everything, and feel at home. i will only ask you to avoid cooking meat in the appartement.  I will not be there, i am going to san francisco!! In the heart of paris. Walking distance from musee d orsey, musee du louvre. The best french caffe and restaurant are there Metro st germain des pres or rue du bac
3324	Very newly made flat in a building WITH A LIFT has all to suit a couple or a single. Located in the center of the best Paris . at the top of the building and with the lift, this beautiful flat (45 square meters), totally renewed, welcomes you in a bright atmosphere.  A kitchen with all equipment , living room , tea table and double (website hidden) and a comfortable sofa (chesterfield) could be  a bed for 2 additional person. Internet wi-fi.    beautiful bathroom with large shower and toilet. You will be able to take the lift and be directly into St Germain's life with cafes, restaurants and brasseries as well as gastronomic restaurants.  In 10 mms you will walk to Notre Dame along the marvelous St André des Arts street, and also the Sorbonne and Latin Quarter. On the other side, St Germain des Prés, Flore, Deux maggots, Lipp Brasserie and some Jazz clubs, as in the old days.  Towards the Seine river (5mns) that you cross to reach Le Louvre, through passerelle du Pont des Arts with its	An apartement  functional, and comfortable right in the heart of the district St-germain des prés , one of the districts of Paris, Trendiest and trendiest situated in nice little one street. Ideal for for a small loving escapade. Very newly made flat in a building WITH A LIFT has all to suit a couple or a single. Located in the center of the best Paris . at the top of the building and with the lift, this beautiful flat (45 square meters), totally renewed, welcomes you in a bright atmosphere.  A kitchen with all equipment , living room , tea table and double (website hidden) and a comfortable sofa (chesterfield) could be  a bed for 2 additional person. Internet wi-fi.    beautiful bathroom with large shower and toilet. You will be able to take the lift and be directly into St Germain's life with cafes, restaurants and brasseries as well as gastronomic restaurants.  In 10 mms you will walk to Notre Dame along the marvelous St André des Arts street, and also the Sorbonne and Latin Quarter
3325		1 bedroom with very large bed in old parisian style flat in the very heart of Saint Germain (near tube 12 and 4)- Very well located. You will share the bathroom and kitchen with 1 quiet person. All facilities (dishwasher, washing machine, bathtub).
3326	"If you look at the location, its considered today to be very priveledged to live in this ""quartier"", surrounded by the chicest boutiques and steps from the Seine, for a beautiful stroll, right behind the flat is Les Beaux Arts! you can see the view from the window one one side and the Eiffel Tow from the other. You will have to take the elevator to the 3 floor and then use the anchient sevice stairs, you will get a REAL feeling of how most luxury building were back in thier glory. This place is GREAT for a couple, or a few friends, it's a large studio with a king bed and a pull out couch, newly redone bathroom and kitchen, washer and dishwasher (unheard of in this town ) for student quarters. The toilet is right beside the front door for uttery privacy... great for freinds traveling together! (For those of you who don't know a chamber de Bonne has a toilet in the hall not in. The flat. The shower is!)"	"If you walk around and look at the beautiful architecture of Paris, you must wonder about the roof tops and whi lived there? These were called Chambe de Bonne. these were for the maids hundreds of years ago, today they are smart studios with a VIEW! If you look at the location, its considered today to be very priveledged to live in this ""quartier"", surrounded by the chicest boutiques and steps from the Seine, for a beautiful stroll, right behind the flat is Les Beaux Arts! you can see the view from the window one one side and the Eiffel Tow from the other. You will have to take the elevator to the 3 floor and then use the anchient sevice stairs, you will get a REAL feeling of how most luxury building were back in thier glory. This place is GREAT for a couple, or a few friends, it's a large studio with a king bed and a pull out couch, newly redone bathroom and kitchen, washer and dishwasher (unheard of in this town ) for student quarters. The toilet is right beside the front door for ut"
3327	Grand studio sous les toits de Paris 7e, à 10 mn du Musée Branly et du Grand Palais, situé dans un immeuble calme et lumineux,  au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur, comprenant une grande et belle pièce, une kitchenette  et une salle de bains avec baignoire. La pièce principale offre plusieurs recoins (repos, repas, bureau et TV), très lumineuse grâce une large porte-fenêtre ouvrant sur le calme des toits avec vues sur Le dôme des Invalides et La Tour Montparnasse. Studio meublé tout confort : . Un lit double 140/200 (matelas à ressorts et sommier à lattes, draps fournis), son armoire-penderie et son buffet à étagères. . Un coin repas avec sa belle table ronde et ses fauteuils Louis Philippe et Directoire. . Une petite cuisine séparée comprenant un évier, un réfrigérateur, 2 plaques chauffantes, un mini-four T 230°, une machine à café Nespresso, un grille-pain, la vaisselle et le linge de maison (nappe, serviettes, torchons). Aspirateur et fer à repasser et sa planche à disposition. . Une sal	Grand studio sous les toits de Paris 7e, à 10 mn du Musée Branly et du Grand Palais, situé dans un immeuble calme et lumineux,  au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur, comprenant une grande et belle pièce, une kitchenette  et une salle de bains avec baignoire. La pièce principale offre plusieurs recoins (repos, repas, bureau et TV), très lumineuse grâce une large porte-fenêtre ouvrant sur le calme des toits avec vues sur Le dôme des Invalides et La Tour Montparnasse. Studio meublé tout confort : . Un lit double 140/200 (matelas à ressorts et sommier à lattes, draps fournis), son armoire-penderie et son buffet à étagères. . Un coin repas avec sa belle table ronde et ses fauteuils Louis Philippe et Directoire. . Une petite cuisine séparée comprenant un évier, un réfrigérateur, 2 plaques chauffantes, un mini-four T 230°, une machine à café Nespresso, un grille-pain, la vaisselle et le linge de maison (nappe, serviettes, torchons). Aspirateur et fer à repasser et sa planche à disposition. . Une sal
3328	There are 3 double bedrooms which comfortably sleeps 6 people 2bathrooms with shower and bath. All bedding and towels are top quality.  This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday in Paris. 	"This luxurious apartment over 130 square meters and 2 floors is situated in the 7th arrondissement just in front of the Eiffel Tower. There are 3 double bedrooms which comfortably sleeps 6 people 2bathrooms with shower and bath. All bedding and towels are top quality.  This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday in (website hidden), WIFI all included. Guest safe for valuables installed. It is within 5min walk to several major museums such as Natural History museum and Science museum. The famous shops of the ""Rue Clerc"" are also located  a minutes away. Champ-de-Mars is a short walk away, and if you walk through the park you will reach Rue Clerc & Rue saint dominique, one the most famous shopping street in Paris. Most attractions of Paris are within easy reach, such as Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Ecole Militaire and the Invalide. There are plenty of subway stations in the area that will take you "
3329	200m from Eiffel Tower. Very calm street. 97m2  apartment with living room, 3 bedrooms, fully new and equiped kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 separate WC. Both modern and cosy traditional parisian apartment.	100m from Eiffel tower, nearby Champs Elysées. Plenty of fine restaurants in the neighbourhood. 100 square meter flat with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.        200m from Eiffel Tower. Very calm street. 97m2  apartment with living room, 3 bedrooms, fully new and equiped kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 separate WC. Both modern and cosy traditional parisian apartment. Few minutes walking to Champs Elysées. 50 meters to Champs de mars park and Eiffel Tower. Many famous restaurants, rue Clerc pedestrian market, Seine river and famous museums. Full mail information and written guide sheet about all things to enjoy nearby. Family parisian lifestyle. Champs de mars park is 100m nearby. All avenues around have trees and both buildings and neighbourhood are traditional parisian style and classy. Very calm. The best part of Paris ! 5mn walk to RER ''Pont de l'Alma'' connected to airport subway. Many buses nearby. Metro station on the other side of Eiffel Tower where you also find all the taxis. Wi Fi. Tele
3330	Situé au 3 ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel Hôtel particulier, à deux pas du bon marché, et de Saint Germain des Près. L'appartement, grand studio de 25 m2  a été refait à neuf et accueille confortablement deux personnes. Il se compose d'une chambre, avec un lit double en 160 ou de deux lits simples selon votre demande. Un coin salon, séparé de la cuisine américaine par un bar. Les deux grandes fenêtres du séjour donnent sur la rue du bac. Vous trouverez aussi une salle de bain impeccable équipée d'une baignoire. Dans la cuisine, vous trouverez  2 plaques électriques, 1 micro onde, 1 évier et 1 réfrigérateur. L'appartement comprend de grandes penderies et de nombreux rangements. Une machine à laver le linge. Vous disposez d' internet haut débit en accès WIFI + un poste de télévision dans le salon. L'emplacement est idéal pour atteindre à pied en quelques minutes Saint Germain des près, les Invalides, Les bords de Seine et le Louvre. Quartier rêvé pour le shopping, Bon Marché, rue du b	Close to the Bon Marché department store and Saint Germain des Près. Large studio of 25 m2, it  has been renovated and comfortably accommodates two people. The district  is ideal to walk around, very secure area. Situé au 3 ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel Hôtel particulier, à deux pas du bon marché, et de Saint Germain des Près. L'appartement, grand studio de 25 m2  a été refait à neuf et accueille confortablement deux personnes. Il se compose d'une chambre, avec un lit double en 160 ou de deux lits simples selon votre demande. Un coin salon, séparé de la cuisine américaine par un bar. Les deux grandes fenêtres du séjour donnent sur la rue du bac. Vous trouverez aussi une salle de bain impeccable équipée d'une baignoire. Dans la cuisine, vous trouverez  2 plaques électriques, 1 micro onde, 1 évier et 1 réfrigérateur. L'appartement comprend de grandes penderies et de nombreux rangements. Une machine à laver le linge. Vous disposez d' internet haut débit en accès WIFI + un poste de tél
3331	"STANDING Nice typical Parisian building with a secured access by the use of a code. The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th and last floor with an elevator. Note that there are a few stairs to get to the elevator. LAYOUT Very nice apartment to rent in Paris of 35 m2 full of charm, with beautiful exposed beams. It consists of a beautiful main room with a kitchen that is fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bath with a shower. This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris. "	"This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris. STANDING Nice typical Parisian building with a secured access by the use of a code. The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th and last floor with an elevator. Note that there are a few stairs to get to the elevator. LAYOUT Very nice apartment to rent in Paris of 35 m2 full of charm, with beautiful exposed beams. It consists of a beautiful main room with a kitchen that is fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bath with a shower. This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris. LOCATION This nice Paris vacation rental is located in the heart of Saint-Germain des P"
3332	Convenient and bright modern studio, nicely furnished and equipped with all necessary appliances, is located in the heart of the 7th district of Paris (7eme arrondissement). The studio is walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes away) and is ideally located to visit Paris and enjoy all of the famous Paris sights. My apartment is located in a quiet street. It has a living room with a comfortable queen size bed and a small sofa bed. The studio has a fully equipped small kitchen and a bathroom with a shower.  The studio is 20m2 big (215 square feet) with an elevator. Paris guides are available for your convenience. We look forward to your stay, do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.	Convenient and bright modern studio, nicely equipped with all necessary appliances, is located in the heart of the 7th district of Paris (7eme arr.).   Ideally located to visit Paris and enjoy all of the famous Paris sights.   Convenient and bright modern studio, nicely furnished and equipped with all necessary appliances, is located in the heart of the 7th district of Paris (7eme arrondissement). The studio is walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes away) and is ideally located to visit Paris and enjoy all of the famous Paris sights. My apartment is located in a quiet street. It has a living room with a comfortable queen size bed and a small sofa bed. The studio has a fully equipped small kitchen and a bathroom with a shower.  The studio is 20m2 big (215 square feet) with an elevator. Paris guides are available for your convenience. We look forward to your stay, do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions. 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. A few 
3333	This flat has 120 m2 of luxury. Two separate bedrooms, 1 bathroom and separate WC, laundry room with washer and drier. Central Heating. Located on the first floor with elevator. The kitchen is very basic. Ceiling heights of  3,5 m. Holds up to 5 guests comfortably, one double bed 200 X 200 cm (master bedroom) and the second bedroom has two options: 1 bed of 160 X 200 or 3 twin beds of 80 X 200.  Now available for 3 nights stay in September 2014.	A stylish apartment in a great location in Paris. Great for a short stay, close to famous landmarks and La Seine River with it's beautiful scene. Easy access by subway and walking distance to the Louvre Museum. A must see for all visitors. This flat has 120 m2 of luxury. Two separate bedrooms, 1 bathroom and separate WC, laundry room with washer and drier. Central Heating. Located on the first floor with elevator. The kitchen is very basic. Ceiling heights of  3,5 m. Holds up to 5 guests comfortably, one double bed 200 X 200 cm (master bedroom) and the second bedroom has two options: 1 bed of 160 X 200 or 3 twin beds of 80 X 200.  Now available for 3 nights stay in September 2014. Guests have access to entire property, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, linen, towels and internet are included.  The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) fo
3334	Once into the apartment you find the day area, furnished with a bookcase, a folding table for up to 4 people, a marvellous crystal table, a sofa bed (140 cm) and a lovely coat hanger. On the left there is the bathroom with a big shower stall, basin, bidet and toilet.  On the right, some folding doors hide the kitchen corner, with wooden cabinets and fully fitted, whilst at the back you find a balcony with ample views of Paris roofs and the Museê d'Orsay. The night area, on the right, is furnished with a double bed (140cm), two night tables, a bookcase made of glass and a very spacious wardrobe (about (website hidden)).  The window offers panoramic views of the Louvre roofs and of the marvellous Haussmanian façade of the building standing opposite it. 	Romantic 1bedroom apartment (40 sqmt) in Paris, bright and panoramic, located in the heart of Saint Germain in the vicinity of Rue du Bac, in a fashionable area very well served by public transports. The apartment is on the 6th floor (with elevator). Once into the apartment you find the day area, furnished with a bookcase, a folding table for up to 4 people, a marvellous crystal table, a sofa bed (140 cm) and a lovely coat hanger. On the left there is the bathroom with a big shower stall, basin, bidet and toilet.  On the right, some folding doors hide the kitchen corner, with wooden cabinets and fully fitted, whilst at the back you find a balcony with ample views of Paris roofs and the Museê d'Orsay. The night area, on the right, is furnished with a double bed (140cm), two night tables, a bookcase made of glass and a very spacious wardrobe (about (website hidden)).  The window offers panoramic views of the Louvre roofs and of the marvellous Haussmanian façade of the building standing o
3335	It is very rare to have this kind of facility in the heart of St Germain des près !  On the second floor, you have two bedrooms (bed 1m60) and two bathrooms with two toilettes and a beautiful terrace of 40 sqm!  Each floor is around 55 sqm. You have international TV channel, fast internet, washing and drying machine as well. The building is very secure as there is a guard. I am also an art collectionner.	The apartment is beautiful duplex. On the ground floor, you have a full equip kitchen living room, dinning room and a toilet. The living room access a private garden where you can take your meals. It is very rare to have this kind of facility in the heart of St Germain des près !  On the second floor, you have two bedrooms (bed 1m60) and two bathrooms with two toilettes and a beautiful terrace of 40 sqm!  Each floor is around 55 sqm. You have international TV channel, fast internet, washing and drying machine as well. The building is very secure as there is a guard. I am also an art collectionner.
3336	A few minutes walk from one of the most famous parts of Paris «  Saint Germain des Prés »  , part of  a former mansion house , a mezzanine appartment for 4 people. The  cosy dining space is under the mezzanine , next to the living area which has a high ceiling, a  2 seater sofabed, TV and  internet connection with Wifi. On the mezzanine there is the bedroom with a very comfortable and adjustable bed for 2 ( 140 x 190 cm) Next to the entrance is the  marble decorated bathroom, with tub/shower, a double washbasin, toweldryer and a washing/dryer machine The WC is separate. The kitchen, with small diner,  is fully equiped with a microwave , electric cooker . The appartment is very pleasant  due to the different living levels. The nearest metro-stations are: Rue du Bac and Saint Germain des Prés, a 5 minute walk, and the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay are also easily accesible by foot. If you prefer Design, there is a large choice of  stores on Boulevard Raspail and Boulevard Saint Germain ( 	A few minutes walk from one of the most famous parts of Paris «  Saint Germain des Prés »  , part of  a former mansion house , a mezzanine appartment for 4 people. The  cosy dining space is under the mezzanine , next to the living area which has a high ceiling, a  2 seater sofabed, TV and  internet connection with Wifi. On the mezzanine there is the bedroom with a very comfortable and adjustable bed for 2 ( 140 x 190 cm) Next to the entrance is the  marble decorated bathroom, with tub/shower, a double washbasin, toweldryer and a washing/dryer machine The WC is separate. The kitchen, with small diner,  is fully equiped with a microwave , electric cooker . The appartment is very pleasant  due to the different living levels. The nearest metro-stations are: Rue du Bac and Saint Germain des Prés, a 5 minute walk, and the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay are also easily accesible by foot. If you prefer Design, there is a large choice of  stores on Boulevard Raspail and Boulevard Saint Germain ( 
3337	This Haussman style apartment (60 m²) in the sought after 7th/15th arrondissements is ideal for couples escaping for a sejour in the most romantic (and cultural) city in the world. It is on the first floor and can be accessed by elevator. From Segur (the closest metro station at 1 min walk) you can access all of Paris within 30 mins. On the back doorstep is the Eiffel Tower and guests will find themselves in a delightful quartier with one of the best twice weekly markets in Paris on their back doorsteps - so guests can sample the amazing produce and delights that are typical of French cuisine.	60 m² apt : Hausmanien style, fresly painted, neat and tidy appartment in central Paris (7th/15th arrondissement) 10 mins from the Eiffel Tower, 5 mins from Invalides, 1 min to Segur metro - short ride to St Germain, Arc de Triomphe, Louvre etc This Haussman style apartment (60 m²) in the sought after 7th/15th arrondissements is ideal for couples escaping for a sejour in the most romantic (and cultural) city in the world. It is on the first floor and can be accessed by elevator. From Segur (the closest metro station at 1 min walk) you can access all of Paris within 30 mins. On the back doorstep is the Eiffel Tower and guests will find themselves in a delightful quartier with one of the best twice weekly markets in Paris on their back doorsteps - so guests can sample the amazing produce and delights that are typical of French cuisine. The apartment is in excellent condition and comfortably furnished. A one bedroom apartment with queen sized bed. There is WiFi and all the necessary kitch
3338	Charming onebedroom appartment on the 4th floor of a traditional Haussmannian bulding without elevator, with an open view in a quiet area. Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Invalides and walking distance from Saint Germain des Prés or the Eiffel Tower.  Keen on home staging and design , this renovated 40m2 appartment is nicely decorated with Scandinavian inspiration. The appartment is well organized: equipped kitchen with washing machine, microwave, Nespresso, kettle and toaster. The living room is fully furnished with a sofa, flat screen TV  and a dinning table. The comfortable bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed  and a closet . Lastly , you will enjoy a nice bubble bath in the bathroom.	If you are looking for a real French and Parisian experience this cosy , peaceful and romantic recently renovated onebedroom appartement in the heart of Paris is the place for you ! Charming onebedroom appartment on the 4th floor of a traditional Haussmannian bulding without elevator, with an open view in a quiet area. Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Invalides and walking distance from Saint Germain des Prés or the Eiffel Tower.  Keen on home staging and design , this renovated 40m2 appartment is nicely decorated with Scandinavian inspiration. The appartment is well organized: equipped kitchen with washing machine, microwave, Nespresso, kettle and toaster. The living room is fully furnished with a sofa, flat screen TV  and a dinning table. The comfortable bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed  and a closet . Lastly , you will enjoy a nice bubble bath in the bathroom. You have full access to each room of the appartment.  Television with international channels, unlimited wirel
3339	Au 2e étage sur une jolie cour calme ( fenêtres double vitrage )	Nice apartment in the 7th, next to the famous Rue Cler. Very well located, only five minutes away from the Champ de Mars, and 3 minutes from the metro Ecole Militaire. There are also lot of bars, restaurants and shops all around the neighborhood. Metro : Ecole Militaire station , Line 8. Bus : Line 80, Line 92 / Bosquet-Grenelle station 
3340	Ce logement de 3 pièces très lumineux est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Paris. La plupart des monuments historiques sont à proximité immédiate et le quartier latin à quelques minutes à pied seulement. Vous pouvez profiter des berges pour vous promener le long de la Seine ou découvrir les nombreux restaurants alentour. L'appartement dispose d'une chambre et d'un canapé lit (1m20). 	Ce logement de 3 pièces très lumineux est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Paris. La plupart des monuments historiques sont à proximité immédiate et le quartier latin à quelques minutes à pied seulement. Vous pouvez profiter des berges pour vous promener le long de la Seine ou découvrir les nombreux restaurants alentour. L'appartement dispose d'une chambre et d'un canapé lit (1m20). Le logement est constitué de 3 grandes pièces et se loue dans sa totalité.  Entièrement équipé : Lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, sèche-linge, four, micro-ondes, TV, wifi. Des serviettes de bain sont mises à disposition ainsi que des draps propres. Il se situe au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Il est interdit de fumer dans celui ci. J'accueille tous les voyageurs afin de leur faire visiter les lieux et leur remettre les clés.  Je suis joignable par email ou par téléphone tout au long de la location. Quartier vivant, idéal pour les amateurs d'Art et de gastronomie.  Vous pourrez vous rendre en 5 min à pied : au Jardi
3341	Sunny appartement located on the 4th floor of a very nice  18th century building. The living room, dining room and kitchen have a view on the street . The furniture is elegant and enhanced by nice coloured accessories. Two big  and quite bedrooms have an extraordinary view on a very nice courtyard and on the Italian Cultural Center. One bedroom of 22 m2 has a king size bed. The other bedroom of 20 m2 is a child's bedroom. The bathroom and the toiletts are modern. The appartment is charming  and radiates a very quite atmosphere. The area is lively: on the corner you will find many  stores  for the food, the best fish store in the city, pharmacy, hairdresser and cafes. The Bon Marche, a luxurious department store and Conran Shop (email hidden) walking distance. The metro and bus are also on the corner. You can also walk to some museums : Musee d'Orsay 5 mn walking distance, Musee Rodin 10 mn walking distance . The Tuileries Garden and Saint Germain des Pres 7 mn waling distance. 	Sunny appartement located on the 4th floor of a very nice  18th century building. The living room, dining room and kitchen have a view on the street . The furniture is elegant and enhanced by nice coloured accessories. Two big  and quite bedrooms have an extraordinary view on a very nice courtyard and on the Italian Cultural Center. One bedroom of 22 m2 has a king size bed. The other bedroom of 20 m2 is a child's bedroom. The bathroom and the toiletts are modern. The appartment is charming  and radiates a very quite atmosphere. The area is lively: on the corner you will find many  stores  for the food, the best fish store in the city, pharmacy, hairdresser and cafes. The Bon Marche, a luxurious department store and Conran Shop (email hidden) walking distance. The metro and bus are also on the corner. You can also walk to some museums : Musee d'Orsay 5 mn walking distance, Musee Rodin 10 mn walking distance . The Tuileries Garden and Saint Germain des Pres 7 mn waling distance. 
3342	You want to be close to tourist attractions, yet immersed in the heart of Parisian life in a warm and comfortable atmosphere? This three-room apartment (50 m2) for 2 people welcomes you by the  charm of Parisian life and allow you visits of the most beautiful Paris while walking! Designed for 2 people, it is elegantly furnished and well equipped, on the 4th floor by stairs of a building  XVIII. Very clear and calm, with double exposure, street overlooking the Eiffel Tower (for the living room and dining room) and quiet internal courtyard and illuminated (for the bed-room). Very nice area to live and very secure. Everything is simple and convenient: shops, gourmet items, walks along the Seine and the wide open spaces of the Champs de Mars, the Trocadero, theaters and museums. Metro, RER, Bus nearby. The apartment is composed of: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom with shower and bath, separate toilet. This is a charming apartment. An excellent distribution of	You want to be close to tourist attractions, but plunged into the heart of Parisian life in a warm and comfortable atmosphere? This three-room apartment (50m2) for 2 persons will be perfect for you. You want to be close to tourist attractions, yet immersed in the heart of Parisian life in a warm and comfortable atmosphere? This three-room apartment (50 m2) for 2 people welcomes you by the  charm of Parisian life and allow you visits of the most beautiful Paris while walking! Designed for 2 people, it is elegantly furnished and well equipped, on the 4th floor by stairs of a building  XVIII. Very clear and calm, with double exposure, street overlooking the Eiffel Tower (for the living room and dining room) and quiet internal courtyard and illuminated (for the bed-room). Very nice area to live and very secure. Everything is simple and convenient: shops, gourmet items, walks along the Seine and the wide open spaces of the Champs de Mars, the Trocadero, theaters and museums. Metro, RER, Bus
3343	Very bright 2 rooms flat in the heart of Paris with all the commodities  around. 2 larges rooms (15m2 each). Confortable double bed. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom.  Top floor of an 'Haussmanian' building, typical parisian, with an elevator. Colorful  appartement. Many books available, and perfect internet connection.  There is a guitar for musicians :) Photos are recents and accurate. 	On the last floor of an Haussmanian building, this 30m2 flat will be perfect for visiting Paris. Colorful & typical, you have a view on Paris's roofs & E.T.  Full equipped, all commodities around, easy to reach. Quiet & romantic.             Very bright 2 rooms flat in the heart of Paris with all the commodities  around. 2 larges rooms (15m2 each). Confortable double bed. Full equipped kitchen and bathroom.  Top floor of an 'Haussmanian' building, typical parisian, with an elevator. Colorful  appartement. Many books available, and perfect internet connection.  There is a guitar for musicians :) Photos are recents and accurate.  You will have access of some basic cocking products such as  olive oil vinegar, pepper, seasonings,  coffee, towels, paper. I'm most of the time in Paris, so i can give you the keys in proper hands. Otherwise my neighbor could give it to you. I'm available on my phone from 7 am till 11 pm, and i'm very reactive to answer e-mails.  I can show you some facilities 
3344	"Suite Invalides is the epitome of ""East meets West"". History and nostalgia are at the essence of a sweet place mixing dashes of Oriental and Italian culture with personal souvenirs. A very tasty recipe you don't find easily, but definitely a very charming one. Shall we mention that Suite Invalides comes with a private garden terrace that makes it a perfect spot for summer dinners?  But that's not all. The apartment is at stone throw from Napoleon's Invalides monument. The experience is quite impressive.  Last but not least Suite Invalides is located near metro lines 13 and bus lines 82,92 which brings you to major parts of Paris.  Suite Invalides will perfectly accommodate couples with kids or three adults. SUITE INVALIDES IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests for Suite Invalides : 2 adults + 2 kids or 3 adults  - Size: 593 SqFt or 55 SqM  - Floor: Europe 0th/ US 1st  - Sleeps: 1 Queen size bed/ 1 sofa bed  - Bathroom: 1 Bath tub, shower and 1 WC.  - Kitchen: Built in appliances and fixtur"	"Suite Invalides is the epitome of ""East meets West"". History and nostalgia are at the essence of a sweet place mixing dashes of Oriental and Italian culture with personal souvenirs.  Suite Invalides is the epitome of ""East meets West"". History and nostalgia are at the essence of a sweet place mixing dashes of Oriental and Italian culture with personal souvenirs. A very tasty recipe you don't find easily, but definitely a very charming one. Shall we mention that Suite Invalides comes with a private garden terrace that makes it a perfect spot for summer dinners?  But that's not all. The apartment is at stone throw from Napoleon's Invalides monument. The experience is quite impressive.  Last but not least Suite Invalides is located near metro lines 13 and bus lines 82,92 which brings you to major parts of Paris.  Suite Invalides will perfectly accommodate couples with kids or three adults. SUITE INVALIDES IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests for Suite Invalides : 2 adults + 2 kids or 3 adult"
3345		recently refurbished contemporary 25sqm studio apartment is located on the 5th floor on a quiet street of the trendy St Germain-des-Près neighborhood, a few blocks away from the Musée d'Orsay, Louvre, Sciences-Po University and the famous Café de Flore Building from the 18th century  No elevator Towels / Sheets /Cover/ kitchen fully equiped / washer dryer machine for clothes Heating / tv / free wifi / free water / electricty is a charge for the guest( more than 1 week stay ) Metro St germain/ rue du bac ( five 5mn by walk) and many buses going everywhere in the center of Paris.
3346	Elegante appartamento ristrutturato nel 2009 superbamente arredato con mobili di design sito al 1°piano di un palazzo dell'800 (con ascensore) dietro al Museo d'Orsay, nel raffinatato 7°arrondissement. Silenzioso, l'affaccio è su una deliziosa corte. L'alloggio può ospitare 4 persone, c'è un comodo letto matrimoniale nella camera da letto e un divano letto matrimoniale nel salotto. -The apartment can house up to 4 people.   There is a comfortable double bed in the bedroom and a sofa-bed that sleeps two in the living room. The apartment was restructured in 2009 and decorated with fine designer furniture, located on the first floor of an elevator building from the 1800's. This two-room apartment is  quiet and overlooks a charming courtyard.	The apartment was restructured in 2009 and decorated with fine designer furniture, located on the first floor of an elevator building from the 1800's. This two-room apartment is  quiet and overlooks a charming courtyard. Elegante appartamento ristrutturato nel 2009 superbamente arredato con mobili di design sito al 1°piano di un palazzo dell'800 (con ascensore) dietro al Museo d'Orsay, nel raffinatato 7°arrondissement. Silenzioso, l'affaccio è su una deliziosa corte. L'alloggio può ospitare 4 persone, c'è un comodo letto matrimoniale nella camera da letto e un divano letto matrimoniale nel salotto. -The apartment can house up to 4 people.   There is a comfortable double bed in the bedroom and a sofa-bed that sleeps two in the living room. The apartment was restructured in 2009 and decorated with fine designer furniture, located on the first floor of an elevator building from the 1800's. This two-room apartment is  quiet and overlooks a charming courtyard. Accesso gratuito internet tram
3347	Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and rue Saint Dominique. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. ** We have a gorgerous terasse with a incredible viwe pof Eiffel Tower !!! you will not reget that. In the night the view is so Romantic and just perfect !  Inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens,	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and rue Saint Dominique. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. ** We have a gorgerous terasse with a incredible viwe pof Eiffel Tower !!! you will not reget that. In the night the view is so Romantic and just perfect !  Inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and
3348		Ce logement dispose de 2 chambres et 2 salles de bains
3349	Chic and design flat in the heart of Paris, 2 minutes walking to Eiffel Tower and located in one of the best streets in Paris : Rue Cler, well-known for its amazing restaurants and bars as it is a pedestrian street.  Quiet place as it gives onto a historic courtyard decorated with green grass.  The flat is 34m2 square and it is composed of 3 separate rooms :  - Lovely living room with : One very comfortable bed - An Amazing sofa-bed with a table - A TV with all the best chanels (Including 10 Be-In sports channels).  - Bathroom with WC, a bathtub and also a washing machine.  - Kitchen with a microwave, an oven and a stylish fridge.  The flat is ideally located in a historic parisian renovated building. It is in the 2nd floor without elevator. The flat is always cleaned 2 hours before the arrival of the guests as well as sheets and towels changed.	Chic flat in the heart of Paris - Best place to stay in Paris : walking street (Rue Cler).
3350		Beautiful location in a luxury & fully furbished flat in the heart of Saint Germain des Près. Located on the 6th floor, with a lift the apartment is stylish and comfortable. Just a few minutes from Paris finest museums, markets&shops    Beautiful location in a luxury & fully furbished flat in the heart of Saint Germain des Près. Located on the 6th floor of a very nice building with a lift the apartment is stylish and comfortable. Just a few minutes from Paris finest museums, markets & shops. Saint-Germain is Paris best neighborhood. You are very nearby Café de Flore and Musée d'Orsay. le Louvre is just across La Seine River. Everything is close, you'll love it.  I am very flexible. You can arrive late at night and leave early in the morning, this will not be a problem. I will just ask you to provide your flight/train details after the booking is completed so I can make arrangements and make sure I will be able to welcome you.  for very early checkins or very late checkouts i will alway
3351		This studio is in the near of all the best places of Paris (Louvre, Orsay, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, Saint-Germain-des-Prés,...). Stores, groceries are also available. This is a quiet place in the near of the most exciting Parisian places. 
3352	Duplex Apartement in the heart of St Germain-des-Près located on the ground floor of a very quiet and exclusive street. It offers a spacious and bright living room and a bedroom on the mezzanine. Only a few minutes walk from the Musée D'Orsay and the Louvre.	Appartement en duplex loué au mois uniquement, refait à neuf par un architecte. Idéalement situé entre le musée d'Orsay, du Louvre et St-Germain des Près dans une rue calme. Appartement entièrement équipé, idéal pour un couple  Duplex Apartement in the heart of St Germain-des-Près located on the ground floor of a very quiet and exclusive street. It offers a spacious and bright living room and a bedroom on the mezzanine. Only a few minutes walk from the Musée D'Orsay and the Louvre. Art Galleries, Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Louvre, Café 2 Magots, Café de Flore...
3353		Charming place very close to the many touristic places : Orsay, Louvre, Luxembourg Garden,  (phone number hidden)
3354	Very beautiful and charming, fully furnished and equipped appartment on Rue du Dragon in the HEART of the historical St Germain, a safe chic and very trendy district. Its a very typical small apartment (25m2) , first floor, for two people, where you feel at home with some books, free wifi, small plasma television, dvd player, iPod deck. NEW !!!! Henceforth you have at your disposal a new dell laptop that you can use for your research, but also your mailing or cam communication, videoconferencing  ((website hidden) etc.). You have an expresso coffee machine, a washer and dryer for your clothes. You will have some coffee pods for you and a very large collection of teas. The linen, towels and sheets, are fresh, soft and comfortable.  The furniture is designed by Hamilton Conte. (website hidden)    Next to the metro station of Saint Germain des Près, a few minutes from Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Orsay  and The Seine. You have also à taxi station (100 m) where there's always taxis waiting. Grea	Very beautiful and charming, fully furnished and equipped appartment on Rue du Dragon in the HEART of the historical St Germain, a safe chic and very trendy district. Its a very typical small apartment (25m2) , first floor, for two people, where you feel at home with some books, free wifi, small plasma television, dvd player, iPod deck. NEW !!!! Henceforth you have at your disposal a new dell laptop that you can use for your research, but also your mailing or cam communication, videoconferencing  ((website hidden) etc.). You have an expresso coffee machine, a washer and dryer for your clothes. You will have some coffee pods for you and a very large collection of teas. The linen, towels and sheets, are fresh, soft and comfortable.  The furniture is designed by Hamilton Conte. (website hidden)    Next to the metro station of Saint Germain des Près, a few minutes from Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Orsay  and The Seine. You have also à taxi station (100 m) where there's always taxis waiting. Grea
3355		Studio RDC calme situé au cœur du 7ème arrondissement de Paris. Il est équipé d'une cuisine fonctionnelle, lit double, d'un canapé lit et d'une salle d'eau. À proximité des transports en commun, des commerces
3356	"A very nice apartment that was completely renovated in May 2013 in one of the most fancy' places in Paris. The apartment is located on the ground floor of a traditional Parisian building in a charming patio. In the latin district of Paris and in front of the famous ""Bon Marche"" you will enjoy walking around for some shopping, having lunch in a ""Brasserie"" or taking a nap in the ""Parc du Luxembourg"" 3 minutes away. The districts of Saint Germain, Odeon and Saint Michel are 2 minutes away by foot! The neighborhood is one of the most fancy in Paris. It is a very good mix of stores, restaurants, bars and clubs. You will enjoy the arquitecture and above all the real ""Parisian living style"". Right across the street, there are 2 metro lines (lines 10 & 12) and a dozen bus lines. You will be able to travel very easily all around Paris. But do not forget : the best way to visit Paris is by bike! The city provides you ""Velib"" (our rental bike program in Paris) to move all around the city. There "	"A very nice apartment that was completely renovated in May 2013 in one of the most fancy' places in Paris. The apartment is located on the ground floor of a traditional Parisian building in a charming patio. In the latin district of Paris and in front of the famous ""Bon Marche"" you will enjoy walking around for some shopping, having lunch in a ""Brasserie"" or taking a nap in the ""Parc du Luxembourg"" 3 minutes away. The districts of Saint Germain, Odeon and Saint Michel are 2 minutes away by foot! The neighborhood is one of the most fancy in Paris. It is a very good mix of stores, restaurants, bars and clubs. You will enjoy the arquitecture and above all the real ""Parisian living style"". Right across the street, there are 2 metro lines (lines 10 & 12) and a dozen bus lines. You will be able to travel very easily all around Paris. But do not forget : the best way to visit Paris is by bike! The city provides you ""Velib"" (our rental bike program in Paris) to move all around the city. There "
3357	In one of the most sought after residential areas of the 7th arrondissement (avenue de Breteuil), a 5-minute walk from the Invalides ! Very centrally located : Champs-Elysées or Notre-Dame are 5 subway stops away, Eiffel Tower a 5-minute bus ride...	Au 7e étage d’un bel immeuble, desservi par un ascenseur jusqu’au 6e, 18 m2 très bien agencés avec coin cuisine, bureau/table, canapé lit de 140 cm, salle de bain avec wc et vraie baignoire, le tout très lumineux en double exposition, état impeccable In one of the most sought after residential areas of the 7th arrondissement (avenue de Breteuil), a 5-minute walk from the Invalides ! Very centrally located : Champs-Elysées or Notre-Dame are 5 subway stops away, Eiffel Tower a 5-minute bus ride...
3358	GOOD NEWS .  1. Works in the courtyard are done and no more inconvenience regarding this major construction. For now water pressure is much better and humidity an dusty problems completely solved. 2: The studio is brand new. Whole renovation: new floor, toilet, kitchen, closets, furniture, TV and decoration. The Studio is now cosy, modern, practical and with brand new line, towels, etc. Enjoy from September a whole new studio in the best location of Paris.., Pictures to be uploaded once the works are done in mid August. Furnished parisian studio in the center of Paris, on the first floor, no stairs to climb up. Nobody lives in the apartment it has has empty closets and is useful to receive two guests..  Location: Less than 10 min walking distance from Invalides, Grand Palais, Tour Eiffel, La Seine, Pont Alexandre III ... Located on ground floor in the middle of a nice building's courtyard, makes the apartment quite and calm.  Although the space is small, the storage is great and you wi	Renewed and whole restored 24 m2 private parisian studio in the 7th. Walking distance to the main monuments and attractions, walking distance to Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Grand Palais and Pont Alexandre, Seine River. Cosy and modern for 2. GOOD NEWS .  1. Works in the courtyard are done and no more inconvenience regarding this major construction. For now water pressure is much better and humidity an dusty problems completely solved. 2: The studio is brand new. Whole renovation: new floor, toilet, kitchen, closets, furniture, TV and decoration. The Studio is now cosy, modern, practical and with brand new line, towels, etc. Enjoy from September a whole new studio in the best location of Paris.., Pictures to be uploaded once the works are done in mid August. Furnished parisian studio in the center of Paris, on the first floor, no stairs to climb up. Nobody lives in the apartment it has has empty closets and is useful to receive two guests..  Location: Less than 10 min walking distance from 
3359	Chambre calme dans immeuble confort. Chauffage, eau chaude. 	Chambre calme dans immeuble confort. Chauffage, eau chaude. Quartier calme, marchés, nombreux restaurants et cafés. Rue du Commerce à 5 minutes. Metro Cambronne ou La Motte Picquet Quartier agréable, proche du coeur de Paris.
3360	A 64 m² appartment	2min from the Eiffel Tower, a large apartment with a large living room, kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. The apartment has a balcony of 5 m² with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. A 64 m² appartment Very touristic area, near the Eiffel tower A lot of transport near by
3361	"Charming an peaceful apartment in a great shopping pedestrian street. Clear, very renowned with food storekeeper, just like a permanent market, cheese maker, fishmonger, bakery, big terraces bars, very appreciated with permanent animation. You're in the Eiffel Tower area with all the facility shops around and parisian bistrots. The Eiffel Tour and Champs de mars are 300 meters walk!!! The ""Gros Caillou"" area is a smart familial parisian place.  New and carefully decorated apartment, ground zero and souplex room, for 4 guests. Full equipment. Two TV, internet WIFI, full equiped kitchen. Very comfortable apartment, warm atmosphere in one of the best area to live in Paris. It's amazing to stay in this street with all shops and restaurants nearby and to stay in a such peaceful nest, thanks to the position of the apartment at the back side of the building.  The nearest subway station is ""école militaire"", line 8 . Velib station at 50 meters You have lots of buses that will drive you to the "	"Charming an peaceful apartment in a great shopping pedestrian street. Clear, very renowned with food storekeeper, just like a permanent market, cheese maker, fishmonger, bakery, big terraces bars, very appreciated with permanent animation. You're in the Eiffel Tower area with all the facility shops around and parisian bistrots. The Eiffel Tour and Champs de mars are 300 meters walk!!! The ""Gros Caillou"" area is a smart familial parisian place.  New and carefully decorated apartment, ground zero and souplex room, for 4 guests. Full equipment. Two TV, internet WIFI, full equiped kitchen. Very comfortable apartment, warm atmosphere in one of the best area to live in Paris. It's amazing to stay in this street with all shops and restaurants nearby and to stay in a such peaceful nest, thanks to the position of the apartment at the back side of the building.  The nearest subway station is ""école militaire"", line 8 . Velib station at 50 meters You have lots of buses that will drive you to the "
3362	c'est un studio fonctionnel proche de toutes les commodités (commerce, métro, bus)  Idéal étudiants, séjours touristique, (website hidden) localisation est le plein centre de Paris	Entre Tours Eiffel et Invalide à 10MN à pieds des Champs-Elysées, dans le passage Jean Nicot, au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble de 2 étages, un petit studio très fonctionnel vous attends.  Tous commerces rue St Dominique à 30 secondes.  c'est un studio fonctionnel proche de toutes les commodités (commerce, métro, bus)  Idéal étudiants, séjours touristique, (website hidden) localisation est le plein centre de Paris Le coté calme et sécurisé du quartier ainsi que tous les commerce à 50M de l'appartement et le coté central de sa localisation dans Paris. A moins de 2MN à pieds du métro La Tour-Maubourg, 4MN de l'Ecole Militaire et 4MN des invalides. Pleins de lignes de bus passent à proximité. A 3MN de l'American University of Paris Caution: pour les locations au mois un complément de caution de 450€ sera demandé à l'entrée dans les lieux
3363	c'est un joli appartement moderne et bien décoré, dans un bel immeuble ancien avec gardien, la vue sur jardin est calme et reposante, mais l'animation de la rue, les magasins, restaurants et le métro, à proximité. parfait pour 2 personnes, avec cuisine très bien équipée, agréable salon avec tv, chaine hifi et wifi il est clair et très facile à vivre.	Entre Tour Eiffel et Invalides, très joli studio sur jardin,  design et confortable, il peut accueillir 2 personnes. parfaitement au calme, à 2 pas du métro Ségur, des commerces et des restaurant. Jardins à proximité, quartier Latin également. c'est un joli appartement moderne et bien décoré, dans un bel immeuble ancien avec gardien, la vue sur jardin est calme et reposante, mais l'animation de la rue, les magasins, restaurants et le métro, à proximité. parfait pour 2 personnes, avec cuisine très bien équipée, agréable salon avec tv, chaine hifi et wifi il est clair et très facile à vivre.
3364	An apartment of 100m2 with a room and a queen bed.A living room with TV satellite, internet wifi, dvd. A space office. A balcony (table, chairs). An american kitchen with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machin, iron..	"At 5 mn by foot to the mythical district of "" SAINT-GERMAIN DES PRÉS "", the BANKS of the SEINE and the ORSAY museum I rent an apartment of 100m2 in a residential building, at the 5th floor with two lift. An apartment of 100m2 with a room and a queen bed.A living room with TV satellite, internet wifi, dvd. A space office. A balcony (table, chairs). An american kitchen with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machin, iron.. Open access to all apartment. On the spot owner. Closed the apartment, café, restaurants and movie.. In front of the apartment: Subway: "" RUE DU BAC "". Bus: line (phone number hidden) et 83. Bed sheets, linen and towels are included. City leaving tax not included 0,83€/p/day Package cleaning 70€ payable locally."
3365	Conveniently located near the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees, this sunny apartment has every comfort: double bedroom, private bathroom and especially a beautiful living room of 50m2 in one of the most beautiful part of Paris with Wifi and TV. The home of Caroline and Nicolas will allow you to finding exceptional places in Paris. You can walk to the Musée d'Orsay, the Rodin Museum, the Museum of Primitive Art and even the Louvre ... The Place de la Concorde is very close, as the Seine. The Metro is easily accessible and several stations Velib (Paris bike) and buses. Taste the best wines can be arranged on request near the apartment. Also many restaurants for all grants, from the simplest to the most prestigious. Finally, department stores such as Bon Marche, but also the pedestrian streets full of shops selling wine, cheese, cold cuts near by. Unique location and very warm for the welcome! ALSO CHECK OUT FOR THE NEXT APPARTMENT THAT CAN MAKE A VERY BIG ONE !!! http://www	Conveniently located near the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees, this sunny apartment has every comfort: double bedroom, private bathroom and especially a beautiful living room of 50m2 in one of the most beautiful part of Paris with Wifi and TV. The home of Caroline and Nicolas will allow you to finding exceptional places in Paris. You can walk to the Musée d'Orsay, the Rodin Museum, the Museum of Primitive Art and even the Louvre ... The Place de la Concorde is very close, as the Seine. The Metro is easily accessible and several stations Velib (Paris bike) and buses. Taste the best wines can be arranged on request near the apartment. Also many restaurants for all grants, from the simplest to the most prestigious. Finally, department stores such as Bon Marche, but also the pedestrian streets full of shops selling wine, cheese, cold cuts near by. Unique location and very warm for the welcome! ALSO CHECK OUT FOR THE NEXT APPARTMENT THAT CAN MAKE A VERY BIG ONE !!! http://www
3366		Brand new renovated apartment (50 sqm2) in the heart of Paris (7th district) very close to the Eiffel tower (nice view from the balcony) and the champ de mars (30 sec walk), the flat is cosy and well equipped for a 2p stay (TV, internet, dryer, etc). Close to the sky at the 6th floor (small elevator, but very convenient). The neighborhood is fantastic with space and trees (champ de mars), lots of shops, café & typical french restaurants with the pedestrian area of the famous rue Cler (market).  Also well connected to transports (metro, bus, taxi station) to anywhere in town.
3367		Chambre dans quartier central proche Tour Eiffel, Invalides. Métro ligne 8 école militaire à 2 pas Rue commercante très conviviale :)
3368	7th district, within walking distance to museums (Louvre, Rodin, Orsay...), Saint Germain des prés, river banks, high end shopping area (hermes, chanel, ralph lauren...). State of the art equipment (bang&olufsen, iMac, ...). Stunning views of the Eiffel tower, Les Invalides, churches, La Défense. NB: there are two  double bedrooms and a L shape sofa formed by two real beds that can be reunited/joined (like in the second bedroom on which two single beds appear...)	7th district, within walking distance to museums (Louvre, Rodin, Orsay...), Saint Germain des prés, river banks, high end shopping area (hermes, chanel, ralph lauren...). State of the art equipment (bang&olufsen, iMac, ...). Stunning views of the Eiffel tower, Les Invalides, churches, La Défense. NB: there are two  double bedrooms and a L shape sofa formed by two real beds that can be reunited/joined (like in the second bedroom on which two single beds appear...)
3369	An exceptional location near the Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens, the Place des Victoires, the stock market or Opera; just minutes away from two Metro stations, Solférino and Rue de Bac. This typical Parisian apartment measures 108m2 with three bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and offers a country house style retreat in one of Paris' most historical and affluent areas. The duplex is on the last two floors of this quiet building in one of the most well known streets in Paris. It is fully equiped (TV, a washing machine, dryer, wifi, dvd player) and the building has just been totally renovated. Carre Rive Gauche is a unique concentration of antique dealers and art galleries. In the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between Saint-Germain-des-Près and the Musée d’Orsay, and facing the Louvre, the Carre Rive Gauche and its 120 dealers will take you along on an unusual promenade to discover more works of art chosen by professionals of the art market.   Please do not hesitate to contact me by em	An exceptional location near the Louvre, the Palais Royal gardens, the Place des Victoires, the stock market or Opera; just minutes away from two Metro stations, Solférino and Rue de Bac. This typical Parisian apartment measures 108m2 with three bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and offers a country house style retreat in one of Paris' most historical and affluent areas. The duplex is on the last two floors of this quiet building in one of the most well known streets in Paris. It is fully equiped (TV, a washing machine, dryer, wifi, dvd player) and the building has just been totally renovated. Carre Rive Gauche is a unique concentration of antique dealers and art galleries. In the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between Saint-Germain-des-Près and the Musée d’Orsay, and facing the Louvre, the Carre Rive Gauche and its 120 dealers will take you along on an unusual promenade to discover more works of art chosen by professionals of the art market.   Please do not hesitate to contact me by em
3370	This apartment is very spacious, luminous, and zen.	Open space and quiet 70 m2 duplex with very high ceiling and 15m2 terrace. Best location between Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower and Saint-Germain, metro Invalide This apartment is very spacious, luminous, and zen. All of them Dont hesitate to ask for help. We are next to rue St Dominique where you can find all the brands you are looking for as well as many restaurants.  Rue Clerc near by is a beautiful walking area with a market every day. You are near Musée d'Orsay as well as Musée Branly. Metro: Invalides, La Tour Maubourg. Parkings available right around the corner and under the Invalides. Bikes rental Vélib' at the bottom of the building.
3371	"The flat is on the the first floor of a beautiful building from the  18th century; at this time the 1st floor was often the ""noble"" one, this is why the living room can benefit of 3 big and really nice windows giving on a large balcony overviewing  the street. The living room is very spacious and stylish with a flat screen tv/dvd player.. the room is a little small because of the king size bed, but really cosy and calm. There is a Fully equipped kitchen with american bar giving on the livingroom : oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine, cooking utensils,smoothie machine ;  - A bathroom with a bath/shower, hair dryer, small and large towels, - Separated toilets - A washing machine : drying rack / ironing table"	"Located in Saint Germain dès près, this charming place is located in one of the most prestigious street of Paris.The flat is also close to famous restaurants and Bars who make Paris such an delightful place to stay/nice balcony/ Metro at 5mn The flat is on the the first floor of a beautiful building from the  18th century; at this time the 1st floor was often the ""noble"" one, this is why the living room can benefit of 3 big and really nice windows giving on a large balcony overviewing  the street. The living room is very spacious and stylish with a flat screen tv/dvd player.. the room is a little small because of the king size bed, but really cosy and calm. There is a Fully equipped kitchen with american bar giving on the livingroom : oven, microwave, fridge, coffee machine, cooking utensils,smoothie machine ;  - A bathroom with a bath/shower, hair dryer, small and large towels, - Separated toilets - A washing machine : drying rack / ironing table This apartment is located in the heart"
3372		Pretty little flat very well situated in a securised building 
3373		Appartement situé dans le 7eme arrondissemebt de paris
3374	Ce studio a un emplacement idéal avec une très jolie vue sur les Invalides, les Jardins de Breteuil, Notre Dame ainsi que Le Sacré Coeur. Il est placé au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur donc belle luminosité toute la journée! Studio tout équipé: Internet sans fil, TV écran plat, Son Bose, bureau et machine Nespresso. Cuisine tout équipé (sauf Four) L'equipement de l'appartement inclut aussi une machine a laver le linge, un étendoir, une table a repasser et un fer a repasser, des grands placards de rangements, ainsi que les draps et serviettes nécessaires a votre séjour	Beau studio cosy, lumineux et calme situé au coeur de l'un des plus beaux arrondissements de Paris au pied des Invalides avec jolie vue. Proche métros et commerces sa position centrale est idéale pour séjourner a Paris ! Ce studio a un emplacement idéal avec une très jolie vue sur les Invalides, les Jardins de Breteuil, Notre Dame ainsi que Le Sacré Coeur. Il est placé au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur donc belle luminosité toute la journée! Studio tout équipé: Internet sans fil, TV écran plat, Son Bose, bureau et machine Nespresso. Cuisine tout équipé (sauf Four) L'equipement de l'appartement inclut aussi une machine a laver le linge, un étendoir, une table a repasser et un fer a repasser, des grands placards de rangements, ainsi que les draps et serviettes nécessaires a votre séjour Les voyageurs auront accès a l'ensemble des commodités précédemment citées sauf un des placards qui sera condamné. L'échange se fera en direct: lors de la remise des clés aux voyageurs.  Compte tenu d
3375	Entièrement décoré par un architecte, l'espace est pensé pour être optimal et l'appartement fonctionnel. Ses grands placards en acajou abritent de véritables espaces de vie, comme le coin bureau ou la penderie. Le lit encastré dans le plafond articulé par un système de poulies, fait de ce petit appartement un espace unique et atypique.	"Joli studio au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés, calme et chaleureux, pouvant accueillir deux personnes. Idéalement situé, à deux pas du métro et de la Seine. Entièrement décoré par un architecte, l'espace est pensé pour être optimal et l'appartement fonctionnel. Ses grands placards en acajou abritent de véritables espaces de vie, comme le coin bureau ou la penderie. Le lit encastré dans le plafond articulé par un système de poulies, fait de ce petit appartement un espace unique et atypique. L'appartement se situe en plein cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. L'accès au métro, ""Rue du Bac"" sur la ligne 12 est au bout de la rue. Le quartier offre une véritable qualité de vie en étant à la fois vivant avec un accès à de nombreux commerces, boutiques et restaurants mais aussi suffisamment détendu pour flâner dans les rues et se laisser apprivoiser par la ville."
3376	"The Apartment : -Studio apartment of 20 sqm. It is a charming parisian studio-flat. Fully refurbished in 2012 and well decorated. Quiet apartment in a charming small building. The apartment is on the ground floor and has 2 big windows that makes it light ! -The apartment is rue Pierre Leroux, which is 50meters from the Famous rue de Sèvres and the chicissime department store ""Le Bon Marché"". The apartment is right at the border of 6th and 7th district, the heart of Paris. -For safety, There is a main gate with electronic entrance. Extra AMENITIES :  LIVING-ROOM  -32inch flat screen, cable TV (international channels included),  -High speed WIFI. -Music player with full ipod docks  -DVD player. -Plug adaptator BATHROOM with glass shower. -Towels -Hair-drier -washing machine -Hand-soap provided ! Fully equipped KITCHENETTE : Microwave/Oven, Fridge, Vitroceramics, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Machine AREA : close to a lot of Walking sights such as les Invalides and Boulevard saint Germain. ACCE"	"The Apartment : -Studio apartment of 20 sqm. It is a charming parisian studio-flat. Fully refurbished in 2012 and well decorated. Quiet apartment in a charming small building. The apartment is on the ground floor and has 2 big windows that makes it light ! -The apartment is rue Pierre Leroux, which is 50meters from the Famous rue de Sèvres and the chicissime department store ""Le Bon Marché"". The apartment is right at the border of 6th and 7th district, the heart of Paris. -For safety, There is a main gate with electronic entrance. Extra AMENITIES :  LIVING-ROOM  -32inch flat screen, cable TV (international channels included),  -High speed WIFI. -Music player with full ipod docks  -DVD player. -Plug adaptator BATHROOM with glass shower. -Towels -Hair-drier -washing machine -Hand-soap provided ! Fully equipped KITCHENETTE : Microwave/Oven, Fridge, Vitroceramics, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Machine AREA : close to a lot of Walking sights such as les Invalides and Boulevard saint Germain. ACCE"
3377		One bed apartment (sofa bed available for a 2nd pax). As most of Paris properties the building has no lift and mine is on the 8th floor... By the other hand, the appartment is located 10 min walking from Eiffel Tower / 15min from Champs-Elsyées
3378	In the 7th arrondissement (Sevres-Babylone district) bordering the 6th  and St. Germain-des-pres, this atypical apartment is located on the top floor of a magnificent Haussmanian building, with a romantic view of Parisian rooftops .  The flat is spacious and comfortable (1000 square feet) with a master bedroom and is fully-equipped with the latest high-tech devices (high-speed wifi, large flat screen TV’s in both the master bedroom and the living room).  The kitchen is also fully-equipped with washing and drying machines, a large American-style refrigerator, a dish washer … The apartment is ideally located to visit the main Left Bank tourist attractions by foot including Saint German-des-pres, Luxemburg gardens, the Louvre, the Rodin museum, d’Orsay Museum, the Latin Quarter, Invalides, the Champs-Elysees, the Grand Palais, Place de la Concorde, Ile de la cite, and much more.  Given its central location, there are many bus and metro lines that allow easy access to all major sites withi	In the 7th arrondissement (Sevres-Babylone district) bordering the 6th  and St. Germain-des-pres, this atypical apartment is located on the top floor of a magnificent Haussmanian building, with a romantic view of Parisian rooftops .  The flat is spacious and comfortable (1000 square feet) with a master bedroom and is fully-equipped with the latest high-tech devices (high-speed wifi, large flat screen TV’s in both the master bedroom and the living room).  The kitchen is also fully-equipped with washing and drying machines, a large American-style refrigerator, a dish washer … The apartment is ideally located to visit the main Left Bank tourist attractions by foot including Saint German-des-pres, Luxemburg gardens, the Louvre, the Rodin museum, d’Orsay Museum, the Latin Quarter, Invalides, the Champs-Elysees, the Grand Palais, Place de la Concorde, Ile de la cite, and much more.  Given its central location, there are many bus and metro lines that allow easy access to all major sites withi
3379	Orienté Sud-Est/Sud-Ouest, avec des murs qui régulent l'air ambiant, le studio est à température douce et constante toute l'année. Au 6éme étage d'un ancien et charmant petit escalier de service surtout fréquenté par des jeunes, le studio est très calme au-dessus de sa cour intérieure. Son design sobre donne une juste impression de sérénité après une longue journée parisienne.  Sur le plan géographique, le studio est derrière le musée d'Orsay, à coté du Louvre par le pont piéton qui traverse la Seine, à coté des commerces et des restaurants de la rue du Bac et du boulevard Saint Germain.  Sur le plan équipement, vous avez machines à laver et sécher le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, frigidaire et hotte aspirante.... Entre respect de la liberté de chacun et services normaux pour qualifier un accueil, je me tiens à la disposition de nos voyageurs.  Son calme, son ancienneté, ses vieilles cours intérieures, la gentillesse des personnes croisées, .... Bus numéro 24 après le RER B en v	Orienté Sud-Est/Sud-Ouest, avec des murs qui régulent l'air ambiant, le studio est à température douce et constante toute l'année. Au 6éme étage d'un ancien et charmant petit escalier de service surtout fréquenté par des jeunes, le studio est très calme au-dessus de sa cour intérieure. Son design sobre donne une juste impression de sérénité après une longue journée parisienne.  Sur le plan géographique, le studio est derrière le musée d'Orsay, à coté du Louvre par le pont piéton qui traverse la Seine, à coté des commerces et des restaurants de la rue du Bac et du boulevard Saint Germain.  Sur le plan équipement, vous avez machines à laver et sécher le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, frigidaire et hotte aspirante.... Entre respect de la liberté de chacun et services normaux pour qualifier un accueil, je me tiens à la disposition de nos voyageurs.  Son calme, son ancienneté, ses vieilles cours intérieures, la gentillesse des personnes croisées, .... Bus numéro 24 après le RER B en v
3380		Studio confortable dans quartier très agréable, convient parfaitement pour une personne, éventuellement 2. 7 eme etage sans ascenseur,et toilette sur le palier
3381	"The studio is located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris: ""The Latin Quarter"" on the 1st floor with elevator. . Metro and bus nearby (Station Saint-Germain des Près 5 minutes walk). The calm of this apartment is great for the area. No room is facing the street. You sleep well. The Latin Quarter is one of the liveliest and most popular of the city close to many shops, luxury stores, universities as well as major museums within walking distance from the studio. • Exact Location: Saint Germain des Prés - Latin Quarter -> Metro Line 4 station Saint Germain des Pres (direct access to the Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle) and to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse -> Metro Line 10: Mabillon station (Gare d'Austerlitz) or Odéon • You are 10 minutes walk from: Odéon, Place Saint Sulpice, Pont Neuf, Pont des Arts and the Luxembourg Gardens • 6-10 minute walk from: Notre Dame de Paris - Ile de la Cite Hotel de Ville, Conciergerie, Saint Michel, the Louvre, -> B RER: S"	"The studio is located in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris: ""The Latin Quarter"" on the 1st floor with elevator. . Metro and bus nearby (Station Saint-Germain des Près 5 minutes walk). The calm of this apartment is great for the area. No room is facing the street. You sleep well. The Latin Quarter is one of the liveliest and most popular of the city close to many shops, luxury stores, universities as well as major museums within walking distance from the studio. • Exact Location: Saint Germain des Prés - Latin Quarter -> Metro Line 4 station Saint Germain des Pres (direct access to the Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle) and to the Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse -> Metro Line 10: Mabillon station (Gare d'Austerlitz) or Odéon • You are 10 minutes walk from: Odéon, Place Saint Sulpice, Pont Neuf, Pont des Arts and the Luxembourg Gardens • 6-10 minute walk from: Notre Dame de Paris - Ile de la Cite Hotel de Ville, Conciergerie, Saint Michel, the Louvre, -> B RER: S"
3382	"The studio is a five minute walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. It is a small studio 13m2, but it is, which makes its charm ... Globetrotter ? This studio is for you ! It has all that is necessary for your comfort. In fact, it consists of a sofa bed "" Art Deco "" , a rotatable HD TV , a desk fit for a minister's office, a kitchen in the same room and a large bathroom . So, this little studio will be the cocoon of a memorable stay ."	"The studio is a five minute walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. It is a small studio 13m2, but it is, which makes its charm ... Globetrotter ? This studio is for you ! It has all that is necessary for your comfort. In fact, it consists of a sofa bed "" Art Deco "" , a rotatable HD TV , a desk fit for a minister's office, a kitchen in the same room and a large bathroom . So, this little studio will be the cocoon of a memorable stay . Travelers will have access to the neighborhood of the Eiffel Tower with its Champs de Mars, but also at the Hotel des Invalides in passing of course by the National Assembly. They can stroll along the Seine, two minutes from the studio. I will be fully available to my next visitors , being a student in Paris. My area is well Paris : it is run by a very commercial street with a pedestrian street ( Rue Cler ) and is drenched in history with the Eiffel Tower, the National Assembly, the Seine , the Hotel des Invalides, ect ... The different transpo"
3383	Opposite the prestigious Bon Marché, this beautiful 2-room welcomes you for a night. The accommodation can sleep up to 3 people thanks to its double bed and sofa bed.	"4th floor without elevator situated on Babylone Street in district 7 of Paris in front of the prestigious ""Bon Marché"". Opposite the prestigious Bon Marché, this beautiful 2-room welcomes you for a night. The accommodation can sleep up to 3 people thanks to its double bed and sofa bed. The apartment is equipped with WiFi, broadband Internet and TV with over 200 channels. The apartment is fully at your disposal and you will be the only tenants during your entire stay. The neighborhood is friendly and a 10-minute walk from Montparnasse. Many museums and tourist attractions are nearby for you to discover the charm of the French capital. The public transport are located few minutes by walk. This will allow you moving throughout the capital. The apartment has just been renovated. The kitchen is new and is in excellent condition. No malfunction has been reported."
3384	Paris- Tour Eiffel Within the prestigious 7th Arondissment, near to Eiffel Tower, there is a quiet well located apartment, with sleeping facilities for up to 6-7 people.   The apartment is located on the 5th floor without elevator, and has views of Paris from some of the windows.  Sleeping arrangements include two bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living. Enhancing the view there are two balconies.   The floor is typically wooden boards.   As well as being fully furnished, the kitchen is fully equipped, including a 4 burner ceramic hob, and electric oven (You can see from here part of the Eiffel Tower)   The apartment is heated, has satellite TV and free WiFi – so important for those with laptops and tablets! Also there is a separated bathrooms and toilet.   Adequate space is available for luggage For your immediate needs there are supermarkets, specialist food shops, and bakers, as well as various cafes and bars – all within walking distance! The apartment in located at the centre and he	A typical Parisian apartment, located right at the corner of the Eiffel tower and the famous Seine river... This art deco flat is great for a family and can welcome up to 6-7 persons.. Nearby Rue cler and rue Saint Dominique. there is many boutiques, markets and shops around. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance.  Please don't forget to read our house rules and our reviews before the booking request ! Paris- Tour Eiffel Within the prestigious 7th Arondissment, near to Eiffel Tower, there is a quiet well located apartment, with sleeping facilities for up to 6-7 people.   The apartment is located on the 5th floor without elevator, and has views of Paris from some of the windows.  Sleeping arrangements include two bedrooms and a sofa bed in the living. Enhancing the view there are two balconies.   The floor is typically wooden boards.   As well as being fully furnished, the kitchen is fully equipped, including a 4 burner ceramic hob, and electric oven (You
3385		This stunning and perfectly-situated apartment is ideal for your incoming Parisian getaway! Located just five minutes from the Eiffel Tower, you will be sure to enjoy the romance and beauty of the wonderful city of love. Next to the apartment is a bus stop 42 , with 5 mins access to Place de la concorde , 10 mins access to Champs elysees , and 15 mins to Opera.  5 mins walking distance to Eiffel tower , 10-15 mins walking distance to Trocadero and Bir Hakeim metro station line 6 and line 8 Ecole Militaire, as well Alma-marceau line 9 / Pont d'alma RER C. 3 Minutes across the appartment is a Franprix supermarket , 15 minutes to the bigger branch (Franprix) supermarket and Carrefour city.  There are also two alimentation (convenience store) that opens till late and opens at sunday, in 5 minutes walking distance.  I speak both English and French. don't hesitate to ring me when you need help. 1. During your arrival, your passport details will be required for insurance and law purpose. 2. C
3386	Apartement in the middle of Paris : one real separate bedroom (we can add an additional mattress for a 3rd person), a big living room and kitchen, a bathroom with shower and toilets, and a dressing room. The place is spacious, luminous and quiet. It is new and clean, we did a big renovation in winter 2014.	Apartement in the middle of Paris : one real bedroom, a big living room and kitchen, a bathroom with shower and toilets, and a dressing room. The place is spacious, luminous and quiet. It is new and clean, we did a big renovation in winter 2014. Apartement in the middle of Paris : one real separate bedroom (we can add an additional mattress for a 3rd person), a big living room and kitchen, a bathroom with shower and toilets, and a dressing room. The place is spacious, luminous and quiet. It is new and clean, we did a big renovation in winter 2014. There is a elevator that leads to the 5th floor, the apartment floor. Les Invalides, la Tour Eiffel, le Musée d'Orsay, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Concorde, les Tuileries, les Champs-Elysées... So many touristic places ! You are in the center of Paris, just walk a few minutes and discover this amazing city ! It is an upscale district with luxury stores, beautiful buildings and a great atmosphere. You'll feel good here ! The subway is not far. The
3387	Le studio se situe au 7ème étage, avec ascenseur.  La pièce principale, très lumineuse grâce à ses 2 grandes fenêtres avec vue sur le champ de Mars et la Tour Eiffel, est composée d'une table, d'un canapé convertible (en 2 lits ou un lit double), d'un placard, d'une commode et d'un bureau.  La salle de bain possède une douche à l'italienne, un lavabo et un WC. Il y a également une petite armoire de toilette et un sèche cheveux. La cuisine, indépendante et avec une grande fenêtre, est entièrement équipée pour 2 personnes : un évier, des placards, 2 plaques chauffantes, un réfrigérateur, une machine à laver la vaisselle, un four à micro ondes, une petite table ronde avec 2 tabourets, ainsi que tous les ustensiles de cuisine (vaisselle, casseroles, poêles, grille pain, bouilloire, machine à café). Vous trouverez aussi une planche à repasser et un fer. Le studio est équipé de la Wifi et d'une télévision. Les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournies. 	Studio de 27 m2 pour 2 personnes (7ème,dernier étage) d'1 immeuble début 20ème siècle, avec une vue imprenable sur le Champ de Mars et la Tour Eiffel. Il est composé d'une pièce principale, d'une salle de bain (douche, lavabo et WC) et d'une cuisine. Le studio se situe au 7ème étage, avec ascenseur.  La pièce principale, très lumineuse grâce à ses 2 grandes fenêtres avec vue sur le champ de Mars et la Tour Eiffel, est composée d'une table, d'un canapé convertible (en 2 lits ou un lit double), d'un placard, d'une commode et d'un bureau.  La salle de bain possède une douche à l'italienne, un lavabo et un WC. Il y a également une petite armoire de toilette et un sèche cheveux. La cuisine, indépendante et avec une grande fenêtre, est entièrement équipée pour 2 personnes : un évier, des placards, 2 plaques chauffantes, un réfrigérateur, une machine à laver la vaisselle, un four à micro ondes, une petite table ronde avec 2 tabourets, ainsi que tous les ustensiles de cuisine (vaisselle, casse
3388	Studio très bien placé, dans le coeur de Paris. Tout près de la tour Eiffel et des Invalides. Parfait pour un séjour romantique à Paris. De plus, le studio est très agréable à vivre et très pratique. L'immeuble est calme, on y dort paisiblement, de plus le canapé-lit est confortable et très facile à mettre en place.	Studio de 21m2 charmant, à 7 minutes à pied de la tour eiffel, dans le 7ème. Il a été refait en début d'année. Petite kitchenette très pratique avec tout le matériel. Une salle de bain assez grande avec une baignoire et des toilettes séparés.  Studio très bien placé, dans le coeur de Paris. Tout près de la tour Eiffel et des Invalides. Parfait pour un séjour romantique à Paris. De plus, le studio est très agréable à vivre et très pratique. L'immeuble est calme, on y dort paisiblement, de plus le canapé-lit est confortable et très facile à mettre en place. Il y a de nombreux métro à coté, comme la ligne 8, 10 et 13. Facile d'accès avec un ascenseur.
3389	"Charming apartment located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-près in the center of Paris. Beautiful 3 rooms 60m2, for 2-4 persons. Near the Louvre, Notre Dame, Luxembourg Gardens, Latin Quarter. Environment quiet, safe, and quality. Many accommodations. 2 TVs, wi-fi, 2 toilets, bathroom, modern kitchen, storage, laundry, washing machine ... The appartement located at Saint Germain des Près: Saint-Germain-des-Prés is an area of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France, located around the church of the former Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Home to a number of famous cafés, such as Les Deux Magots and Café de Flore, the Saint-Germain-des-Prés area was the center of the existentialist movement (associated with Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir). The district Saint Germain des Prés is one of the symbols of the Paris, the numerous movies, series on the TV were realized in this district: Pigalle-Saint-Germain-des-Prés ( 1950 ) for example, or the Américan séries "" Gossip Girl "" in one "	"Charming apartment located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-près in the center of Paris. Beautiful 3 rooms 60m2, for 2-4 persons. Near the Louvre, Notre Dame, Luxembourg Gardens, Latin Quarter. Environment quiet, safe, and quality. Many accommodations. 2 TVs, wi-fi, 2 toilets, bathroom, modern kitchen, storage, laundry, washing machine ... The appartement located at Saint Germain des Près: Saint-Germain-des-Prés is an area of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France, located around the church of the former Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Home to a number of famous cafés, such as Les Deux Magots and Café de Flore, the Saint-Germain-des-Prés area was the center of the existentialist movement (associated with Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir). The district Saint Germain des Prés is one of the symbols of the Paris, the numerous movies, series on the TV were realized in this district: Pigalle-Saint-Germain-des-Prés ( 1950 ) for example, or the Américan séries "" Gossip Girl "" in one "
3390		The Eiffel tower is 15 minutes away by foot. The neiber
3391	La vue qu'offre l'appartement sur la Tour Eiffel	Joli studio très lumineux à deux pas du Champ-de-Mars avec Vue sur la Tour Eiffel meublé avec goût vous offre un nid cosy pour un WE à Paris. Profitez des commerces, brasseries parisiennes et des musées à proximité (Quai Branly, Palais de Tokyo…). La vue qu'offre l'appartement sur la Tour Eiffel Carnet avec bonnes adresses du quartier à disposition des voyageurs. Les commerces Rue St dominique, les brasseries parisiennes, le Champ-de-Mars, l'accès au Berges de Seine, la proximité des musées et le calme. Métro : ligne 8 Ecole militaire Bus : 92 (accès direct gare montparnasse), 69, 80… Stations de Vlib
3392	    This apartment is located on the 10th floor of a quiete and secured building  (double code, intercom and caretaker). It can accommodate up to 5 people. By its high floor and large Windows make this apartment really bright and quiete.   It consists of     - a large entrance with cupboards and one sofa-bed   a-  fully equipped kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, fridge, oven, toaster, ...   - a large living room with a dining area (for up to 8 persons) and a sitting area (sofa bed)   - a room with a double bed (160 cm) and a large window   - a bathroom with tub and shower    - independent toilet Transport: Line 6 = Bir Hakeim Neighborhood Located few steps from the Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy the green area of the Champs de Mars where trendy Parisiens people organise picnics on spring days. You will be in a quiete and secured area where many families live. THe area comes alive as soon as it gets closer to the Eiffel Tower.  The Bir-Hakeim, famous for its modern architect	    This apartment is located on the 10th floor of a quiete and secured building  (double code, intercom and caretaker). It can accommodate up to 5 people. By its high floor and large Windows make this apartment really bright and quiete.   It consists of     - a large entrance with cupboards and one sofa-bed   a-  fully equipped kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, fridge, oven, toaster, ...   - a large living room with a dining area (for up to 8 persons) and a sitting area (sofa bed)   - a room with a double bed (160 cm) and a large window   - a bathroom with tub and shower    - independent toilet Transport: Line 6 = Bir Hakeim Neighborhood Located few steps from the Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy the green area of the Champs de Mars where trendy Parisiens people organise picnics on spring days. You will be in a quiete and secured area where many families live. THe area comes alive as soon as it gets closer to the Eiffel Tower.  The Bir-Hakeim, famous for its modern architect
3393	just renovated  calm cosy	Appartement 1 st floor Best aera in paris the 7 th district Best street between rue de grenelle and rue saint dominique New appartement just renovated just renovated  calm cosy the full appartement not really best aera in paris eiffel towel 5 min walk  champs de mars 500 m metro alma marceau 9-1 -rer ecole militaire 8  wifi code on the table 
3394	32m2 cosy flat in the heart of Paris 7th district.	"Newly refurbished 2 rooms studio -32m2- in the heart of Paris, 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. This 1st floor cosy studio is perfect for 2 persons and can accommodate up to 4 (thanks to the convertible sofa). 32m2 cosy flat in the heart of Paris 7th district. 2min walk from the river side 8min walk from the Invalides 10min walk from the Eiffel Tower Located in the heart of the 7th district close to the river and 200m from the commercial street ""rue Saint Dominique"" where we can have access to all facilities (shops, bakeries, grocery store, nice restaurants...) 6min walk to the metro station Invalides No smoking No pets"
3395	Our apartment will have 90 sqm living space on the 5th floor with elevator, of a beautiful, typically Parisian residential building, with parquet flooring, balconies down both sides of the apartment, and an incredible view of the Eiffel Tower from both bedrooms and the living room.  Ideal for couples and families wanting to discover Paris. The apartment has 2 double beds and one large sofa bed in the living room, so comfortably sleeps up to 6 people. We also have a fold out baby bed, suitable for babies up to 3 years old. An extra bonus is that though it is very centrally located, our apartment gives onto 2 gardens so is extremely peaceful. One dining room. One bathroom, with shower/bath tub and large sink. One pretty little kitchen with oven/hot plate/kettle/sink. One living room. Separate washroom/toilets. We will of course provide delightfully clean bed sheets, and towels upon request.	Our fun and young 2 bedroom apartment, has parquet flooring and balconies with an exceptional view of the Eiffel Tower (14th July fireworks!). 5 minutes walking distance from the Champ de Mars, Seine and luxury boutiques of Avenue Montaigne. Our apartment will have 90 sqm living space on the 5th floor with elevator, of a beautiful, typically Parisian residential building, with parquet flooring, balconies down both sides of the apartment, and an incredible view of the Eiffel Tower from both bedrooms and the living room.  Ideal for couples and families wanting to discover Paris. The apartment has 2 double beds and one large sofa bed in the living room, so comfortably sleeps up to 6 people. We also have a fold out baby bed, suitable for babies up to 3 years old. An extra bonus is that though it is very centrally located, our apartment gives onto 2 gardens so is extremely peaceful. One dining room. One bathroom, with shower/bath tub and large sink. One pretty little kitchen with oven/hot p
3396	This appartment is really adapted for familly ou 2 couple of friends, with 2 differents bedrooms (double bed), 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets (first one in a bathroom, second one independent). Apartment overlooking the courtyard, very quiet. The appartement has a nice and bright living room with 2 small sofas (can not converted in extra bed) and TV HD (international channel available).  The kitchen is fully equiped with microwave, fridge, oven, toaster, nespresso machine and dishwasher. The firsf bedroom (double bed) is brightly, quiet and confortable with a wardrobe. The second bedroom (double bed) bigger than the first one, is brightly, quiet ,confortable, with a large wardrobe and has its own bathroom with shower. The washing machine, iron, board, tumble drier are just in front of the bathroom. The second bathroom, bigger than the firt one, is equiped of a large bath and toilet. A another toilet is available in front of the main entrance. The appartment is at the 4th floor without elevat	Very nice flat located between the 2 most famous place in Paris : Invalides and Eiffel Tower. This 55 sqm, with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, living room with open kitchen, is fully equiped (TV, WIFI, washing machine, tumble drier, dishwasher) This appartment is really adapted for familly ou 2 couple of friends, with 2 differents bedrooms (double bed), 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets (first one in a bathroom, second one independent). Apartment overlooking the courtyard, very quiet. The appartement has a nice and bright living room with 2 small sofas (can not converted in extra bed) and TV HD (international channel available).  The kitchen is fully equiped with microwave, fridge, oven, toaster, nespresso machine and dishwasher. The firsf bedroom (double bed) is brightly, quiet and confortable with a wardrobe. The second bedroom (double bed) bigger than the first one, is brightly, quiet ,confortable, with a large wardrobe and has its own bathroom with shower. The washing machine, iron, b
3397	Apartment recently renewed Fully-equipped kitchen: oven, microwaves, washing machine, tumble-dryer, dishwasher, plate of induction, coffee-machine and toaster Two bedrooms with two beds of 2 - places Bathroom with Italian-style shower No elevator	Near the Eifeltour, Paris 7e/ 4-persons modern furnished flat in building made by Eifel himself. Calm and fonctional (Wifi, TV,full furnished kitchen) close to all amenities such as supermarket, bakery, restaurants, cafe, metro or bus. Apartment recently renewed Fully-equipped kitchen: oven, microwaves, washing machine, tumble-dryer, dishwasher, plate of induction, coffee-machine and toaster Two bedrooms with two beds of 2 - places Bathroom with Italian-style shower No elevator
3398		Two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room, kitchen and flowered balcony just between invalides and Eiffel Tower in the heart of Paris. Perfectly convenient for a family with two children.
3399	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your towels. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (web
3400	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life in the chic Paris Rive Gauche? Come and stay  in this lovely upscale apartment, fully furnished. This charming 2 room apartment is located at the heart of Paris, in the central 7th arrondissement,  in rue Cler, near Invalides, Eiffel Tower, rue de Grenelle, rue du Bac. Rue Cler is a very lively local market street: just get down and you'll get delicious bread, cheese, vegetable, fish and meet as well as nice bars and restaurants that will become your headquarters. Once you get in the apartment, everything is quiet again : a small entrance will lead you to a big living and dining room with an open kitchen ((fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, washing machine etc). In the living room, there is a sofa bed that unfolds in a comfortable double bed, as well as a single bed. Back in the entrance, you can get to the charming and cosy bedroom  with a comfortable double bed.  From there, you can get to the beautiful bathroom 	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life in the chic Paris Rive Gauche? Come and stay  in this lovely upscale apartment, fully furnished. This charming 2 room apartment is located at the heart of Paris, in the central 7th arrondissement,  in rue Cler, near Invalides, Eiffel Tower, rue de Grenelle, rue du Bac. Rue Cler is a very lively local market street: just get down and you'll get delicious bread, cheese, vegetable, fish and meet as well as nice bars and restaurants that will become your headquarters. Once you get in the apartment, everything is quiet again : a small entrance will lead you to a big living and dining room with an open kitchen ((fully equipped with oven, dishwasher, washing machine etc). In the living room, there is a sofa bed that unfolds in a comfortable double bed, as well as a single bed. Back in the entrance, you can get to the charming and cosy bedroom  with a comfortable double bed.  From there, you can get to the beautiful bathroom 
3401	This 50 square meters (540 square feet) apartment is situated in the really center of Paris, on the third floor of a historical 18th-century building.  Renovated in 2010. A immersion in the city's culture.  Frozen in time,and a well of loveliness. The area is very safe as the Prime Minister's office is close and the main entrance is protected by a secret (website hidden) Germain is a very elegant area, where many embassies are located.  It is a very central district very convenient to travel all around Paris. (email hidden) we made for you. The apartment has southern exposure, it is very sunny and calm. There is one double bedroom and one convertible sofa in the living room.  In each room there is a fireplace. Plenty of mirrors. Fully equiped :  - linen  - fully equiped kitchen - internet - flat screen - dvd player - hi-fi - umbrella - hairdryer  - espresso machine - iron and iron board - electric convertible - books and cook books - dvd maps of Paris and plenty of tips for your stay .	One of the most posh areas of (website hidden) historical building in which the feeling of another epoch begins with the ponderous door and the grand staircase. In the flat the desire of harmony prevails:temperate colour,walls,furniture,fabric. This 50 square meters (540 square feet) apartment is situated in the really center of Paris, on the third floor of a historical 18th-century building.  Renovated in 2010. A immersion in the city's culture.  Frozen in time,and a well of loveliness. The area is very safe as the Prime Minister's office is close and the main entrance is protected by a secret (website hidden) Germain is a very elegant area, where many embassies are located.  It is a very central district very convenient to travel all around Paris. (email hidden) we made for you. The apartment has southern exposure, it is very sunny and calm. There is one double bedroom and one convertible sofa in the living room.  In each room there is a fireplace. Plenty of mirrors. Fully equiped : 
3402	This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code. The apartment has a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower. The 12 square meters entrance hall leads directly to :living room. The 40 square meters living room has 2 windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, sofa, coffee table, TV, stereo, desk, several armchairs, built-in shelves, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. The 10 square meters separated eat in kitchen has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : breakfast table for 4 people, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, gas burner, oven, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. The 17 square meters bedroom is contiguous to the bathroom 1 and has a window facing street . It is equipped with : double bed (1.4	This charming and well located 110 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue Charles Floquet in the 7th arrondissement This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code. The apartment has a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower. The 12 square meters entrance hall leads directly to :living room. The 40 square meters living room has 2 windows facing street . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, sofa, coffee table, TV, stereo, desk, several armchairs, built-in shelves, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. The 10 square meters separated eat in kitchen has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : breakfast table for 4 people, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, gas burner, oven, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled flo
3403	GREAT LOCATION! Our studio is located in Paris 7eme arrondissement, the heart of Paris! It is surrounded by the most famous sight-seeing spots. Just one minute walk from esplanade des invalides, 5-10 walking distance from EIFFEL TOWER, CHAMPS ELYSSES, LOUVRE, Musee RODIN, ORSAY, GRAND PALAIS, PETIT PALAIS, and les Champs-Elysées.  Our studio is at 3th floor ( without elevator) of a newly restored building , which was said to be an ancient dormitory for Napoleon army. Private studio with washing machine, separate fully equipped kitchen with electric oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, heater. Big bathroom with shower.  One double bed (140x190cm) , one sofa bed and one bunk bed. Internet, WiFi available.  Great neighborhood, you can walk to major sight-seeing spots within 10 minutes. A supermarket just on the street corner. Restaurants , cafes, trendy boutiques on the same street ( rue Saint Dominique) of the studio. Ideal place for your trip in Paris!  1 minute from metro INVALIDES (	GREAT LOCATION! Our studio is located in Paris 7eme arrondissement, the heart of Paris! It is surrounded by the most famous sight-seeing spots. Just one minute walk from esplanade des invalides, 5-10 walking distance from EIFFEL TOWER, CHAMPS ELYSSES, LOUVRE, Musee RODIN, ORSAY, GRAND PALAIS, PETIT PALAIS, and les Champs-Elysées.  Our studio is at 3th floor ( without elevator) of a newly restored building , which was said to be an ancient dormitory for Napoleon army. Private studio with washing machine, separate fully equipped kitchen with electric oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, heater. Big bathroom with shower.  One double bed (140x190cm) , one sofa bed and one bunk bed. Internet, WiFi available.  Great neighborhood, you can walk to major sight-seeing spots within 10 minutes. A supermarket just on the street corner. Restaurants , cafes, trendy boutiques on the same street ( rue Saint Dominique) of the studio. Ideal place for your trip in Paris!  1 minute from metro INVALIDES (
3404		A very cute and quiet apartment for a relaxing stay in Paris.  2min walk from the Invalides and Ecole Militaire and 10min away from the famous Eiffel Tower. Close by and easy access to most attractions in Paris, you'll most definitely love it.
3405	"Eiffel Tower view appartment, located 5 min from the monument.  Charming area called ""rue Cler""."	"1 bedroom appartment  Located 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower,  Eiffel Tower view appartment, located 5 min from the monument.  Charming area called ""rue Cler"". The entire appartment.  2 rooms, 33m² Available via : Email, text, phone until the guest arrives 3min from many busses, 2 métro stations   And RER C @Invalides (7min walk). "
3406	A large, comfortable and very centrally located residence at an affordable value! Large sunny balcony, all conveniences are here: fully equipped residence and sought-after 7th district: major sights at waking distance and bakeries, post,  shopping, cafes and restaurants abound in the quartier!	"A rare find in the elegant 7th district: comfortable 900 sqft, 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, sleeps up to 7, large and sunny balcony! Great location, around the corner transportations (metro, RER, taxi, bus) and minutes from major attractions Eiffel Tower etc A large, comfortable and very centrally located residence at an affordable value! Large sunny balcony, all conveniences are here: fully equipped residence and sought-after 7th district: major sights at waking distance and bakeries, post,  shopping, cafes and restaurants abound in the quartier! This is your home away from home, your ""pied a terre"" in Paris!   There is only 2 closets that are locked for us. I, the owner live in the States so I can easily be reached for additional questions.  My trusted and bilingual manager is in Paris: he'll check you in and out, and stays on call during your stay! Yes you are in the Heart of Paris and yet it retained its Village feel: all the convenience shoppings, Rue Cler open markets... The neighborhood "
3407	L'accès à l'immeuble est gardé par un code d'accès	Petit studio neuf, proche de commerces et de restaurants typiquement parisiens peut loger un couple. A deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et du champs de Mars, dans une rue calme non loin du musée du quai Branly.  L'accès à l'immeuble est gardé par un code d'accès la totalité du logement aide possible par téléphone Quartier typiquement parisien du Gros Caillou avec de nombreux commerces, une petite surface commerciale G20 dans la rue Saint-Dominique  attenante, boulangeries, boucheries, primeurs fruits et légumes, pharmacie, épiceries, tabac presse et café à proximité A proximité du RER C des stations de métros école militaire, invalides , de nombreuses lignes de bus
3408	Our appartment is on the fifth and last floor of the building (no elevator). It is a very confortable appartement in many ways : the kitchen, fully equipped, leads to a small balcony, the living room has two comfortable couches and a big flat screen TV, and the view of the top of the Eiffel Tower from the bathroom and the bedroom is unique ! The appartement is always very bright and luminous.	We are delighted to welcome you in our charming, spacious (50 sq m) and very luminous appartement located between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides, near the Grand Palais, the Concorde and the Seine. It is surrounded by lots of bars, gourmet restaurants (famous chefs) and shops. The appartment has a living room of 21 sq m, a bathroom with a tub (which has a view on the top of the Eiffel Tower), an equipped kitchen. The bedroom has a queen bed (160X200) and a vue on the top of the Eiffel Tower. Our appartment is on the fifth and last floor of the building (no elevator). It is a very confortable appartement in many ways : the kitchen, fully equipped, leads to a small balcony, the living room has two comfortable couches and a big flat screen TV, and the view of the top of the Eiffel Tower from the bathroom and the bedroom is unique ! The appartement is always very bright and luminous. You will have acces to the entire appartment. Our closet will be closed. Please do not remove the protec
3409	Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur (sur 7), l'appartement est très lumineux et ensoleillé le matin. Pour votre confort, cuisine équipée, wifi, tel fixe et portable illimités. Les draps, linge de toilette et de cuisine sont fournis.	Grand studio de 30m2, entièrement rénové en 2013 situé au cœur du 7ème arr à 300m de la Tour Eiffel.  Rue Saint Dominique vous aurez tous les commerces, bistrots, restaurants.  Parking public Vinci en bas de l'immeuble!  Très calme sur square arboré. Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur (sur 7), l'appartement est très lumineux et ensoleillé le matin. Pour votre confort, cuisine équipée, wifi, tel fixe et portable illimités. Les draps, linge de toilette et de cuisine sont fournis. Un supermarché à 50m, le célèbre marché de la rue Cler à 350m. Station de métro et de RER à 10mn à pied.  Parking public au pied de l'immeuble avec possibilité de vous réserver votre place pour la durée de votre séjour. (minimum 5 nuits).
3410	The apartment is made up of a main room, a kitchen, a bathroom, toilets and a hallway.  The main room holds a Queen size bed, a living area and a dinner table and a large wardrobe. In the bathroom you will find a bath, a sink and a washing machine (there is a clothehorse in the toilets and sheets and towels are provided).  The kitchen is perfect for a lovely breakfast. It is equipped with : a microwave oven, a coffee machine, a toaster, a kettle, an electric hob, all the dishes and cutlery you may need as well as coffee, tea and condiments.  The flat is on the bottom floor with views of a nice little courtyard and the pedestrian Rue du Gros Caillou. To go through the main gate, you will need a code and a key to get in the staircase. You will find 3 locks on the front door and secured shutters on all windows.  Guests have access to free unlimited WiFi as well as a telephone line with free calls to 100 destinations. You will also be able to watch a bit of French and international TV on 4	This charming and very well equipped one bed room apartment is perfect for 2 people. It is ideally located to go sightseeing around Paris : it is well connected to public transports and is 50 meters away from the Eiffel Tower (160 feet)! The apartment is made up of a main room, a kitchen, a bathroom, toilets and a hallway.  The main room holds a Queen size bed, a living area and a dinner table and a large wardrobe. In the bathroom you will find a bath, a sink and a washing machine (there is a clothehorse in the toilets and sheets and towels are provided).  The kitchen is perfect for a lovely breakfast. It is equipped with : a microwave oven, a coffee machine, a toaster, a kettle, an electric hob, all the dishes and cutlery you may need as well as coffee, tea and condiments.  The flat is on the bottom floor with views of a nice little courtyard and the pedestrian Rue du Gros Caillou. To go through the main gate, you will need a code and a key to get in the staircase. You will find 3 loc
3411	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a typical building of the area.  It is illuminated by two large windows.  You have a large sofa bed with a very comfortable sleeping, two closets, a glass dining table with four chairs, a beautiful console,   a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered ..  The kitchen is separated from the lounge by a door. It is small, but includes all the equipment appliance you want. Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you  The bathroom includes a shower, sink and toilet    Heating is central  Carpet covers the apartment 	Dream location for this large studio, located next to the Faculté de Médecine “, between the Seine and the Boulevard Saint Germain, in a street famous for its antiques The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a typical building of the area.  It is illuminated by two large windows.  You have a large sofa bed with a very comfortable sleeping, two closets, a glass dining table with four chairs, a beautiful console,   a flat screen TV and international channels. The unlimited internet with wifi is offered ..  The kitchen is separated from the lounge by a door. It is small, but includes all the equipment appliance you want. Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you  The bathroom includes a shower, sink and toilet    Heating is central  Carpet covers the apartment The Latin and St Germain Quarter is full  of history. First, it was a students district  and universities which are built in this district, such as the Sorbonne or the Faculty of Medicine, are magnifi
3412	Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilette dans l'appartement  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi  Check-in / check-out possible en fin de journée, après 19h Le rendez-vous est devant l'immeuble. Je reste joignable à tout moment en cas de soucis !  Les draps et serviettes ne sont pas inclus, pensez à apporter les vôtres! Quartier Concorde - Assemblée Nationale  Métro Solférino  Immeuble à 1 minute du musée du Quai d'Orsay  Jardins des Tuileries de l'autre coté de la Passerelle Léopold Senghor 15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées  15 minutes de Saint Germain des Près 20 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel  15 minutes à pied du Louvre	Localisation exceptionnelle en plein cœur de Paris, dans un immeuble classé et sécurisé. Tout le centre de Paris est accessible à pied en moins de 30 minutes ( Louvre, Champs Elysées, Tour Eiffel, Tuileries, Saint Germain des Près, Notre Dame...). Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilette dans l'appartement  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi  Check-in / check-out possible en fin de journée, après 19h Le rendez-vous est devant l'immeuble. Je reste joignable à tout moment en cas de soucis !  Les draps et serviettes ne sont pas inclus, pensez à apporter les vôtres! Quartier Concorde - Assemblée Nationale  Métro Solférino  Immeuble à 1 minute du musée du Quai d'Orsay  Jardins des Tuileries de l'autre coté de la Passerelle Léopold Senghor 15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées  15 minutes de Saint Germain des Près 20 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel  15 minu
3413	Set in a beautiful brick building over a large garden courtyard with trees, the apartment is on the third floor with elevator. Enter into a double living room with double sofa bed and antique furniture, off the living room is a newly entirely renovated kitchen with rustic wooden dining table, washer/dryer, dishwasher and all cooking and eating equipment including a microwave. The bedroom has the same light-filled view with an en suite bathroom with walk in shower. The bed has recently been upgraded to a queen. The apartment measures 60 square metres or (645 sq ft) and is located in one of the most prestigious parts of Paris that all Parisians wished they could live in.	In the heart of the chic 7th arrondissement on Rue St Dominique, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d'Orsay, Invalides,Louvre, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. This lovely apartment is filled with light and all windows look out onto a quiet open view where you can see an old church and the Eiffel Tower. Set in a beautiful brick building over a large garden courtyard with trees, the apartment is on the third floor with elevator. Enter into a double living room with double sofa bed and antique furniture, off the living room is a newly entirely renovated kitchen with rustic wooden dining table, washer/dryer, dishwasher and all cooking and eating equipment including a microwave. The bedroom has the same light-filled view with an en suite bathroom with walk in shower. The bed has recently been upgraded to a queen. The apartment measures 60 square metres or (645 sq ft) and is located in one of the most prestigious parts of Paris that all Parisians wished they could live in. You wil
3414	Nicely furnished 2 rooms apartment only  5 minutes walking distance from place de la Concorde, Jardin des Tuileries, Musée Orsay, Invalides .. Close to the Tour Eiffel .... It is very central and numerous activities can be done by bike, walking or with the metro. (and the RER C direct for le Chateau de Versailles) Précision : Lors du reportage photos, le parquet du salon était en travaux. Depuis il a été totalement remplacé. The apartment is on the 6th  floor with elevator. There is one bedroom and a living room + separate kitchen and a walk, a bathroom with bathtub. You will have a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa in the living room.  Furniture is new and (website hidden) and WIFI.    	Nicely furnished 2 rooms apartment only  5 minutes walking distance from place de la Concorde, Jardin des Tuileries, Musée Orsay, Invalides .. Close to the Tour Eiffel .... It is very central and numerous activities can be done by bike, walking or with the metro. (and the RER C direct for le Chateau de Versailles) Précision : Lors du reportage photos, le parquet du salon était en travaux. Depuis il a été totalement remplacé. The apartment is on the 6th  floor with elevator. There is one bedroom and a living room + separate kitchen and a walk, a bathroom with bathtub. You will have a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa in the living room.  Furniture is new and (website hidden) and WIFI.     No smoking apartment  Towels, bath towels provided  Washer-dryer available Communication prior to arrival via the website, by email, phone or sms.  Also available during your stay to advise, guide my guests.  From the airport, you have 1/ suburb train. Price 9 euros take the RER B ( direct because t
3415		Charming apartment with a very nice view on the Eiffel Tower. Right at a metro station with three lines allowing to go anywhere in Paris. Very lively neighborhood, one minute from the Champs de Mars. All the shopping you want right down, supermarkets and a gym.
3416		Mon petit appartement est situe au centre de paris. A quelques pas de la grande epicerie du Bon marche, de Saint germain des pres, des berges etc... Il est extremement lumineux, clair et tres agreable. Je vous fais confiance pour en prendre soin :)
3417	35m2 studio, fully furnished with nice  contemporary furniture- Bo Concept, Kartell, Constantin Grcic, Conran Shop), small fully equipped kitchen (microwave - Nespresso - Crockery Guy Degrenne and Pantone / collection 2014), bathroom with large Italian shower bluestone, washing machine and dryer. Luxury residence in wooded 2 acre park. Benefits high-end, security and home automation last generation. You will be 2 minutes walk from the Grande Epicerie de Paris and the Bon Marché, two essential addresses for shopping gastronomy - design and fashion. Finally you will be 5 minutes, always on foot, Saint Germain des Prés, its legendary literary cafes (Le Flore, 2 Magots ...), its cinemas, art galleries and designer shops and couturiers. The Seine, the Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre ... are only a few subway station or a 15 minute taxi ride.	In the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, probably the most beautiful area of Paris with its designer boutiques and fashion, trendy restaurants and cafes literary, enjoy a unique experience in a design studio completely secure. 35m2 studio, fully furnished with nice  contemporary furniture- Bo Concept, Kartell, Constantin Grcic, Conran Shop), small fully equipped kitchen (microwave - Nespresso - Crockery Guy Degrenne and Pantone / collection 2014), bathroom with large Italian shower bluestone, washing machine and dryer. Luxury residence in wooded 2 acre park. Benefits high-end, security and home automation last generation. You will be 2 minutes walk from the Grande Epicerie de Paris and the Bon Marché, two essential addresses for shopping gastronomy - design and fashion. Finally you will be 5 minutes, always on foot, Saint Germain des Prés, its legendary literary cafes (Le Flore, 2 Magots ...), its cinemas, art galleries and designer shops and couturiers. The Seine, the Musée d'Orsay, th
3418	Our apartment is located on the left bank of the Seine River, near the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars.  A lovely apartment fully-renovated Welcome to our 43 square meter (463 square feet) renovated apartment, with 3 rooms : a bedroom with a double bed, a living room and a fully-equipped kitchen. You will have all the comfort during your stay: oven, washer-dryer, free high-speed Wi-Fi internet, TV and a huge sofa to relax after your long day. The apartment is located on the sixth floor of the building, so you can enjoy the sunlight. And don't worry, there is an elevator (or stairs to stay fit). Near Eiffel Tower Enjoy the Iron Lady, very close to the flat, and if you are coming during spring/summer, you can picnic on the Champ de Mars, à la française. Easy access by transportation Our home is at 1 minute by walk to 3 subway lines with a single station: La Motte-Piquet-Grenelle (Metro 6, 8 and 10).  You will have an easy access to well-known landmarks of Paris such as: Invalides, Concor	Our apartment is located on the left bank of the Seine River, near the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars.  A lovely apartment fully-renovated Welcome to our 43 square meter (463 square feet) renovated apartment, with 3 rooms : a bedroom with a double bed, a living room and a fully-equipped kitchen. You will have all the comfort during your stay: oven, washer-dryer, free high-speed Wi-Fi internet, TV and a huge sofa to relax after your long day. The apartment is located on the sixth floor of the building, so you can enjoy the sunlight. And don't worry, there is an elevator (or stairs to stay fit). Near Eiffel Tower Enjoy the Iron Lady, very close to the flat, and if you are coming during spring/summer, you can picnic on the Champ de Mars, à la française. Easy access by transportation Our home is at 1 minute by walk to 3 subway lines with a single station: La Motte-Piquet-Grenelle (Metro 6, 8 and 10).  You will have an easy access to well-known landmarks of Paris such as: Invalides, Concor
3419	L'immeuble est sécurisé (code + badge pour l'entrée), il y a une gardienne. L'appartement est au 5ème étage sur cour (très calme) avec ascenseur. Nous pouvons laisser si vous en faites la demande les bonnes adresses du quartier. Caution 480 euros à payer à l'arrivée.	    Beau deux-pièces, calme, dans un immeuble pierre de taille au 5ème étage sur cour, Métro école-miltaire, proche Tour-Eiffel et rue Clerc!  Il peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes (1 chambre avec lit 2 places).    L'immeuble est sécurisé (code + badge pour l'entrée), il y a une gardienne. L'appartement est au 5ème étage sur cour (très calme) avec ascenseur. Nous pouvons laisser si vous en faites la demande les bonnes adresses du quartier. Caution 480 euros à payer à l'arrivée. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement (à l'exception d'une pièce fermée), vous pourrez utiliser tous les équipements ainsi qu'internet. Nous serons absents pendant votre séjour, mais resterons toujours joignables. Métro Ecole Militaire (ligne 8), nombreuses lignes de bus à proximité. 
3420	Le logement est situé dans le 7ème arrondissement, un très beau quartier, bien paisible situé vraiment très près des lieux incontournables de visites tels que Les Champs Elysées ou La Tour Eiffel. Les voyageurs auront accès au réseau WIFI privé dans l'appartement ainsi que des chaines télévision avec une TV LCD 117cm.  Je serai présent lors de l'entrée dans les lieux et lors de la sortie. La rue est très sympa et dynamique et vraiment proche des monuments historiques  LIGNE 8 DU MÉTRO ( ARRÊT DE LA TOUR MAUBOURG)  ET LIGNE 69 DES BUS	Le logement est situé dans le 7ème arrondissement, un très beau quartier, bien paisible situé vraiment très près des lieux incontournables de visites tels que Les Champs Elysées ou La Tour Eiffel. Les voyageurs auront accès au réseau WIFI privé dans l'appartement ainsi que des chaines télévision avec une TV LCD 117cm.  Je serai présent lors de l'entrée dans les lieux et lors de la sortie. La rue est très sympa et dynamique et vraiment proche des monuments historiques  LIGNE 8 DU MÉTRO ( ARRÊT DE LA TOUR MAUBOURG)  ET LIGNE 69 DES BUS
3421	Très central dans paris : tout est proche. La proximité avec tous les sites touristiques connus. Commerces & restaurants juste à 20m de l'appartement. Quartier calme, sécurisé.	Idéalement situé près de : Musée dOrsay, musée Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon tombeau), Grand Palais, Concordes, Tour eiffel. L'appartement est très confortable pour un court séjour à Paris. Bonus : Bouteille de vin rouge gratuite pour toute location! Très central dans paris : tout est proche. La proximité avec tous les sites touristiques connus. Commerces & restaurants juste à 20m de l'appartement. Quartier calme, sécurisé. tout l'appartement : salon, chambre, cuisine, salle de bain. J'essaie d'être présent au check in & check (website hidden) suis disponible sur mon mobile si besoin. Je donne des conseils pour visiter Paris :  Quartier avec beaucoup de restaurant, commerces tout proche. Parc des invalides et champ de mars pou se détendre au soleil si besoin Métro ligne 8 : Tour Maubourg Bus Ligne 28 : St dominique / tour maubourg 
3422	Between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides Monument. Very sunny flat with a bed-couch and one more bed, an american kitchen with a bar, at the 4th floor (without elevator) with a wonderful view on floors of Paris. 	"Between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides Monument. Very sunny flat with a bed-couch and one more bed, an american kitchen with a bar, at the 4th floor with a wonderful view on floors of Paris. Wifi, TV, microwave, washing machine. Between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides Monument. Very sunny flat with a bed-couch and one more bed, an american kitchen with a bar, at the 4th floor (without elevator) with a wonderful view on floors of Paris. Wifi, TV, microwave, washing machine. I give you the keys in the check-in with some tips about Paris. I'm available during your holidays if you need it to help you. The Eiffel Tower : 5min by walk The Invalides Monument : 5min by walk Near the Champs Elysées and the Champ de Mars Animated and lovely neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, bars and different shops; plus a market sunday morning : Street Clerc. (website hidden) Subway : ""Ecole Militaire"" ligne 8 ""Invalides"" ligne 8, 13 and RER C 10min by walk Bus: 80 or 92 stop ""Avenue Bosquet"" 15min"
3423	2 room apartment with a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. One double bed and one single bed in the same room.	Charming two room apartment with wooden floors and beams, 300m to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, near the busy Rue Cler. 2 room apartment with a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. One double bed and one single bed in the same room. This apartment being my main residence I will not be there but do not hesitate to contact me for advice. Located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Close to public transportation (bus and metro) and to food facilities (supermarkets and restaurants). Close to public transports: metro, bus and taxi.
3424		"A nice and very practical flat very close to the Eiffel Tower, inside the ""Gros Caillou"" district! "
3425	Two steps away from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides, come into my chic dwelling, that I have carefully decorated following the principles of Feng Shui. A vast living-room is divided into a cosy area, a room tucked into an alcove and an open kitchen. All of it with a lot of cachet, exposed beams, walls covered by hangings and design lamps. In the bathroom, enjoy the bathtub, a rarity in Paris !	In the heart of the very chic 7th arrondissement, 2 steps away from the Eiffel Tower, this gorgeous appartment was carefully decorated following the Feng Shui principles. With its exposed beams and hangings, the whole thing has undeniable cachet. Two steps away from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides, come into my chic dwelling, that I have carefully decorated following the principles of Feng Shui. A vast living-room is divided into a cosy area, a room tucked into an alcove and an open kitchen. All of it with a lot of cachet, exposed beams, walls covered by hangings and design lamps. In the bathroom, enjoy the bathtub, a rarity in Paris ! The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need any suggestion as to wher
3426	"This apartment is a 1 bedroom apartment of about 60 square meters located rue Saint Dominique in the 7th arrondissement of Paris in the Invalides / Champ de Mars area. The apartment was fully renovated during the spring 2012. It is located on the 1st floor, no elevator. It has a lounge / dining room, a bedroom, a large fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people, whether for leisure or business trip. It is served by the metro station ""La Tour Maubourg."" equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - linen - towels - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Iron - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Ironing board Salon Area of about 25 square meters, it has 2 South facing windows and is equipped with a library, a double sofa bed width 140, 4 c"	"This apartment is a 1 bedroom apartment of about 60 square meters located rue Saint Dominique in the 7th arrondissement of Paris in the Invalides / Champ de Mars area. The apartment was fully renovated during the spring 2012. It is located on the 1st floor, no elevator. It has a lounge / dining room, a bedroom, a large fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people, whether for leisure or business trip. It is served by the metro station ""La Tour Maubourg."" equipment The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - linen - towels - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Iron - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Ironing board Salon Area of about 25 square meters, it has 2 South facing windows and is equipped with a library, a double sofa bed width 140, 4 c"
3427	Hello World, One of the most sought after safe quartiers in Paris. This clean, but NO FRILLS (No Internet) charming studio is ideal for 1person situated one block from Champs de Mars Park, a large public green space in Paris, France, located in the seventh arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower to the northwest and the École Militaire to the southeast.  And two blocks from the famous Rue Cler.  You will find a lot of nice restaurants, bars and shopping in the neighbourhood.  There is a bathroom with a WC and a shower plus a fully equipped kitchenette.  I also provide the linens and  the towels.  The nearest Métro stations are La Motte-Picquet–Grenelle, Alma Marceau and École Militaire. Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, an RER suburban-commuter-railway station, is also nearby. Minimum stay one week ! ! ! ! ! Hope to see you soon in one of the most beautiful city in the world . 	Hello World, One of the most sought after safe quartiers in Paris. This clean, but NO FRILLS (No Internet) charming studio is ideal for 1person situated one block from Champs de Mars Park, a large public green space in Paris, France, located in the seventh arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower to the northwest and the École Militaire to the southeast.  And two blocks from the famous Rue Cler.  You will find a lot of nice restaurants, bars and shopping in the neighbourhood.  There is a bathroom with a WC and a shower plus a fully equipped kitchenette.  I also provide the linens and  the towels.  The nearest Métro stations are La Motte-Picquet–Grenelle, Alma Marceau and École Militaire. Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, an RER suburban-commuter-railway station, is also nearby. Minimum stay one week ! ! ! ! ! Hope to see you soon in one of the most beautiful city in the world . 100% Eiffel Tower No Frills means no Internet.
3428	The three bedrooms of the apartment will allow you to travel with all your family or friends and the fabulous view will make your stay unforgettable.	"Our charming 3 bedroom apartment has an astonishing view on the Eiffel tower finding its self on the fifth floor of and old style building with elevator, situated in the charming square de ""la fontaine de mars"". The three bedrooms of the apartment will allow you to travel with all your family or friends and the fabulous view will make your stay unforgettable. You will find your self in total privacy in order to live your romantic and joyful trip to Paris, having to interact only with the concierge to take and hand over the keys. The Neighbourhood is fantastic. It is very quite and safe, well served by public transportation and has all the shops you need. Just outside the building in the same street you will find: a supermarket, a winery, a pharmacy, a bakery, a florist, a laundry, a bank and different restaurants and cafés.  Just a few minutes walk you will get to: “rue cler” were you will find a marvellous market were to do your shopping; the church, Starbucks and the post.  Also as y"
3429		Ce studio est parfait pour passer un super weekend à Paris.  18m², il est à la fois confortable, silencieux, lumineux et pratique.  Les bons points du studio : -  e lit simple peut si besoin est se tirer et devenir un lit double, - la salle de bain et les toilettes sont dans le studio, - à 3 mn de la ligne 8 du métro à Ecole Militaire ou La Tour Maubourg, - à 5 mn des Invalides et 10 mn de la Tour Eiffel, - situé l'angle de la rue Cler (rue commerçante et animée).  N'hésitez plus!
3430	3 people can live in the apartment. There are 2 beds : a double bed and a sofa bed.  The apartment is between several pleasant places : the Tower Eiffel, Champs-Elysées, Saint-Germain des Prés, the Rodin Museum and is well connected by bus, subways (line 8 and 13) and Rer B.  The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries - is central, prestigious and wealthy.  The apartment is located at the first floor, has a bedroom, a bathroom with bath, a full-equipped kitchen with microwave, a washing machine, a lounge (sofa bed and wifi). It is also equipped with linens bedding, pillows, towels, a hairdryer, an iron, a microwave and kitchen utensils.	"The 7th arrondissement is the most prestigious and the safest area in Paris : enter on internet ""Wikitravel Paris 7th arrondissement"" 3 people can live in the apartment. There are 2 beds : a double bed and a sofa bed.  The apartment is between several pleasant places : the Tower Eiffel, Champs-Elysées, Saint-Germain des Prés, the Rodin Museum and is well connected by bus, subways (line 8 and 13) and Rer B.  The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries - is central, prestigious and wealthy.  The apartment is located at the first floor, has a bedroom, a bathroom with bath, a full-equipped kitchen with microwave, a washing machine, a lounge (sofa bed and wifi). It is also equipped with linens bedding, pillows, towels, a hairdryer, an iron, a microwave and kitchen utensils. The apartment is 3 minutes' walk from the metro station."
3431	Ce studio de 25m2 est très calme et lumineux. Il dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres équipées de stores. Une cave de 2 m2 est également mise à la disposition des locataires s’ils le souhaitent. Les deux canapés lit convertibles permettent d'acceuillir trois personnes. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant. 	Ce studio de 25m2 est très calme et lumineux. Il dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres équipées de stores. Une cave de 2 m2 est également mise à la disposition des locataires s’ils le souhaitent. Les deux canapés lit convertibles permettent d'acceuillir trois personnes. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant. L'appartement est au troisième étage sans (website hidden) est composé d’une salle de séjour/chambre avec 2 canapés lit (avec un matelas pour couchage quotidien) pour 2 personnes (dimensions 140 cm x 190 cm), et un autre pour un couchage une personne dimensions ( 90cmx 190cm) un coin cuisine équipé (four/mircro-ondes, bouilloire, accessoires de cuisine…), une table pour les repas et une salle de bains (douche, lavabo, WC). Une laverie en bas de l'immeuble permet de faire des lessives à tout moment, elle est équipée de sèche-linges. Je reste disponible pour mes locataires, ils peuvent me solliciter s’ils le désirent. Je peux aussi leur organiser leur séjour si ils le souhaitent. Accompagnemen
3432	Le logement Description en Français: L'appartement, proche de la Tour Eiffel, est idéalement situé pour visité l'une des plus belle ville du monde. Equipé un lit très confortable et d'un canapé, il peut accueillir une à trois personnes.  Tout l'équipement d'une cuisine moderne est mit à votre disposition pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable que possible.  Equipé d'une salle de bain, d'une TV HD ainsi qu'une machine à lavé  A proximité vous pourrez trouver la station de métro Dupleix ou encore Charles Michel. Cependant il vous est aussi possible de prendre un velib pour vous balader dans les rues de Paris Idéalement situé entre le Champs de Mars-Tour Eiffel (600m), la très célèbre Rue du Commerce (300 m) et le tout nouveau centre commercial du Beaugrenelle (500m), ce superbe appartement, entièrement remis à neuf est à la fois idéal pour un séjour professionnel et touristique.  Entouré de 3 lignes de métro majeures, vos déplacements dans la ville lumière seront des plus agréables, a	L'appartement, proche de la Tour Eiffel, est idéalement situé pour visité l'une des plus belle ville du monde. Equipé un lit très confortable et d'un canapé, il peut accueillir une à trois personnes.  Le logement Description en Français: L'appartement, proche de la Tour Eiffel, est idéalement situé pour visité l'une des plus belle ville du monde. Equipé un lit très confortable et d'un canapé, il peut accueillir une à trois personnes.  Tout l'équipement d'une cuisine moderne est mit à votre disposition pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable que possible.  Equipé d'une salle de bain, d'une TV HD ainsi qu'une machine à lavé  A proximité vous pourrez trouver la station de métro Dupleix ou encore Charles Michel. Cependant il vous est aussi possible de prendre un velib pour vous balader dans les rues de Paris Idéalement situé entre le Champs de Mars-Tour Eiffel (600m), la très célèbre Rue du Commerce (300 m) et le tout nouveau centre commercial du Beaugrenelle (500m), ce superbe apparteme
3433	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower, 10 min walk for the Champs Elysées or Saint-Germain des Près! This is a nice and comfortable 40 sqm apartment for 2+2 people. Equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, Internet access Wi Fi (High Speed), TV set HD. The apartment is situated on the 5th floor (lift available) and fully renovated (summer 2013).	This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: 5 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower, 10 min walk for the Champs Elysées or Saint-Germain des Près! This is a nice and comfortable 40 sqm apartment for 2+2 people. Equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, Internet access Wi Fi (High Speed), TV set HD. The apartment is situated on the 5th floor (lift available) and fully renovated (summer 2013). You will receive the keys, blankets, towels, sheets and what ever you need for a comfortable stay. I put a particular emphasis on cleanliness & service (easy rental procedure and flexible check in times giving customers peace of mind), will make sure your stay is comfortable, and that you feel at home. Perfect alternative to over priced hotels in the area.  In the heart of the posh 7th district of Paris, this lovely apartment is located Rue de la Comète. Situated next to Seine's beautiful Alexander III Bridge, between Invalides and Eiffel Tower, the apartment gives you access to charming restaura
3434	Trés bien situé à proximité à pied des sites culturels à visiter: Tour eiffel, Berges de Seine,Musée Rodin,Hotel des Invalides,Grand Palais,Petit Palais,Champs Elysées, Catacombes, Bateaux mouches,Palais de Tokyo,Saint-Germain. Un canapé lit pouvant coucher 2 personnes.Matelas ou chambre à proximité sont possible pour enfants suivant la période de (email hidden)t bebé (ok) 	Trés bien situé à proximité à pied des sites culturels à visiter: Tour eiffel, Berges de Seine,Musée Rodin,Hotel des Invalides,Grand Palais,Petit Palais,Champs Elysées, Catacombes, Bateaux mouches,Palais de Tokyo,Saint-Germain. Un canapé lit pouvant coucher 2 personnes.Matelas ou chambre à proximité sont possible pour enfants suivant la période de (email hidden)t bebé (ok)  Digicode, Gardien, Internet, TV, cuisine:micro onde,four,réfrigérateur. Nous habitons à côté et nous pouvons donc répondre à toutes les demandes des voyageurs: les orienter vers les lieux à visiter,ou diner, comment s'orienter, leur fournir d'autres commodités tel qu'un lit bb... Le quartier est trés sécurisé y compris la nuit. Un digicode et un gardien d'immeuble.Tous les commerces en bas de l'immeuble, de nombreux restaurants à tous les prix. Transport en commun, bus 69 dans la rue menant à St Germain en 10mn, puis au Musée Rodin, dans le marais en 15mn à Bastille. Métro Station Invalides, Latour-Maubourg, Alma, E
3435	The apartment is cozy, furnished simply but quality. the room is spacious, the living room is nice. There are many cupboards.	Bright and quiet comfortable 42 m² apartment located in a prestigious area of the 7th arrondissement. Composed of 2 rooms including one spacious and cozy bedroom, a comfortable living room, nice kitchen and walk-in shower. The apartment is cozy, furnished simply but quality. the room is spacious, the living room is nice. There are many cupboards. i  take the time to talk with travelers when they arrive. They can me contact me if needed. My street is quiet and  close to the rue clercs ( 1 minute ) livelier with its terraced cafes, brasseries, restaurants, shops, fruit and vegetable sellers, etc ... The rue  St. Dominic  ( 5 minutes) lively too. Place des Invalides  is 5 minutes walk, the Eiffel Tower is an 8-minute walk, the Seine with its new bars and restaurants is 12 minutes walk. The heart of Saint Germain is 10 minutes by bus (1.5 KM). Le Grand Palais is 6 minutes walk (often wonderful displays). METRO LA TOUR MAUBOURG METRO ECOLE MILITAIRE
3436	500 m from the Eiffel Tower , the Seine River, Musée du Quai Branly - Primitive Art Museum, Palais Tokyo - Modern Art Museum, Batobus and Bateau Mouches - Seine cruise ships. The Champs Elysées are a 15 min walk away.	Lovely pied-à terre 500m from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine river, in a superbe Hausmannien building, right in the heart of Paris. 6 th floor without elevator. Kitchenette. Bathroom with tub and urinoir. WC on (website hidden) and WiFi
3437	The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. Redecorated in a contemporary style by a talented interior designer, this bourgeois apartment in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, offers high quality services and assures you a comfortable stay in a very popular residential area of the capital. Elegantly decorated it has all the modern amenities like retractable televisions that do not degrade the visual environment. The apartment is situated on the 4th floor, with a balcony view of Paris’s Old Iron Lady.  A central entrance serves the entire  apartment, allowing fluid circulation, facilitated by the double doors that create open space  while ensuring privacy at night. The large living room with a marble fireplace, offers a wonderful place to relax and enter	Style and comfort in this contemporary apartment with impeccable finishes near the Champ de Mars finishes. Sleeps up to 4 people. The following hotel services are included in your stay: a welcome basket with a selection of teas and coffees, fresh bed linens and bath towels, toiletries, concierge services, complete cleaning before your arrival and after your departure, and weekly housekeeping for longer stays. Redecorated in a contemporary style by a talented interior designer, this bourgeois apartment in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, offers high quality services and assures you a comfortable stay in a very popular residential area of the capital. Elegantly decorated it has all the modern amenities like retractable televisions that do not degrade the visual environment. The apartment is situated on the 4th floor, with a balcony view of Paris’s Old Iron Lady.  A central entrance serves the entire  apartment, allowing fluid circulation, facilitated by the double doors that create open 
3438	There are in total 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms (each has a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment which can comfortably sleep up to 8 persons. Bedrooms informations: the first one with a double bed (king size) and a bathroom with toilet, 2nd one (8th floor) with a double bed and a bathroom, 3rd one (8th floor) with two single beds and the 4th bedrooms (8th floor) with a single bed.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris.	This luxurious apartment has over 150 square meters which has 2 floors, it is situated in the 7th arrondissement just in front of the Eiffel Tower. With 4 bedrooms, It can accept up to 8 guests There are in total 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms (each has a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment which can comfortably sleep up to 8 persons. Bedrooms informations: the first one with a double bed (king size) and a bathroom with toilet, 2nd one (8th floor) with a double bed and a bathroom, 3rd one (8th floor) with two single beds and the 4th bedrooms (8th floor) with a single bed.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris. Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Peak Apartment, you don't even need to 
3439	Available for Christmas ! Charming 300 square feet with luxury furniture with 2 amazing views on the Eiffel Tower, close to the Champs de Mars in the 7ème arrondissement (American Diestrict with the Amercian University of Paris, the US library, the US church and American cathedral nearby).  1 bedroom with queen size bed.  FIREPLACE (quite rare in Paris) Kitchennette whole furnished ( micro-wave, oven, electric hot spots, freezer, fridge...) Clean bathroom, phone (free for american cell phone in the USA), internet, wifi, flatTV, english books etc but please visit the City of Lights instead !  Last floor with elevator on a beautiful building in the very Posh district of Fontaine de Mars (President Obama had diner in the corner restaurant).  Close to the Eiffel Tower and Alma Marceau. close to grocery and the only american grocery store. Walking distance from the apartment, you'll find everything: Supermarkets, restaurants (all kinds from high gastronomy to standart restaurants), cafés an	Located in the very posh district of Paris, there is 2 amazing views on the Eiffel Tower. Last floor with elevator, it has a whole furnished kitchenette and a clean shower bathroom. The fireplace, carpets and furs for winter. Furnished with fine art. Available for Christmas ! Charming 300 square feet with luxury furniture with 2 amazing views on the Eiffel Tower, close to the Champs de Mars in the 7ème arrondissement (American Diestrict with the Amercian University of Paris, the US library, the US church and American cathedral nearby).  1 bedroom with queen size bed.  FIREPLACE (quite rare in Paris) Kitchennette whole furnished ( micro-wave, oven, electric hot spots, freezer, fridge...) Clean bathroom, phone (free for american cell phone in the USA), internet, wifi, flatTV, english books etc but please visit the City of Lights instead !  Last floor with elevator on a beautiful building in the very Posh district of Fontaine de Mars (President Obama had diner in the corner restaurant).  
3440	L' avantage de ce logement est la proximité des lieux touristiques parisiens (tour Eiffel, Champ de mars, Invalides...) ainsi que de nombreux commerces et restaurants de grandes renommées.	Bel appartement proche de la tour Eiffel dans un quartier calme et très recherché. T2 tout équipé pouvant accueillir 2 personnes avec tout le confort nécessaire. Le logement est situé à proximité des grands lieux touristiques et de nombreux commerces L' avantage de ce logement est la proximité des lieux touristiques parisiens (tour Eiffel, Champ de mars, Invalides...) ainsi que de nombreux commerces et restaurants de grandes renommées.
3441	"Mieux qu'une chambre d'hôtel, ce studio a été pensé en parfait ""pied à terre"" parisien. Entièrement refait en novembre 2014, fonctionnel et optimisé, son espace à vivre permet d'être autonome pour un séjour réussi à Paris. Profitez également de sa terrasse abritée quand les températures le permettent ;) L'ensemble de l'appartement est disponible : cuisine, pièce de vie, terrasse, salle d'eau. Tous les équipements sont à disposition : machine à café, TV, frigo, lave-linge..  Au coeur du 7e arrondissement de Paris, vous serez à deux pas des plus beaux monuments (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Grand Palais...). La rue Cler, son marché, ses cafés et restaurants sont typiques de la vie de quartier parisienne. Aux beaux jours, profitez des quais du 7e pour flâner en terrasse, prendre un verre face à la seine et oublier le temps.  Métro, bus, RER, vélib, Autolib... tout est à proximité ! "	Much better than a hotel room, feel like home in this beautiful renovated studio (October 2014) Rue St Dominique , 2 'of the Eiffel Tower, down the Rue Cler. Drop your bags and enjoy the terrace !   
3442	Appartement charmant à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier typiquement parisien !  L’appartement est propre, dispose d’une cuisine équipée et d’une salle de bain séparée. Les draps de lit et serviettes de toilettes sont inclus. La WIFI et la Télévision sont disponibles. A votre arrivée je vous remettrai les clefs de l’appartement ainsi qu’un plan du quartier avec la localisation des transports en commun, des supermarchés et en bonus de mes endroits favoris (restaurants et bars) ! Je serai également joignable par téléphone le temps de votre séjour. Le quartier est calme et très charmant avec de nombreux restaurants, cafés et bars. Supermarché ouvert jusqu’à 23h à deux pas et épicerie ouverte 24/7 au bout de la rue. La zone est très bien desservie en transports en commun : Métro Ligne 8 - Arrêt ECOLE MILITAIRE  RER C – Arrêt PONT DE L’ALMA BUS Lignes : 69, 80, 92 Nombreuses stations de VELIB (location de vélos) et d’AUTOLIB (location de voitures) à deux pas.	Joli deux-pièces propre dans quartier calme avec restaurants/bars et très bien desservi en transports en commun ! Beautiful two-rooms flat clean in a calm area close to nice restaurants/bars and public transport stations ! Ideal for couples ! Appartement charmant à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier typiquement parisien !  L’appartement est propre, dispose d’une cuisine équipée et d’une salle de bain séparée. Les draps de lit et serviettes de toilettes sont inclus. La WIFI et la Télévision sont disponibles. A votre arrivée je vous remettrai les clefs de l’appartement ainsi qu’un plan du quartier avec la localisation des transports en commun, des supermarchés et en bonus de mes endroits favoris (restaurants et bars) ! Je serai également joignable par téléphone le temps de votre séjour. Le quartier est calme et très charmant avec de nombreux restaurants, cafés et bars. Supermarché ouvert jusqu’à 23h à deux pas et épicerie ouverte 24/7 au bout de la rue. La zone est très bien des
3443	Dans le Centre de Paris, à 400 mètres de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides e du siège de L'UNESCO	Dans le Centre de Paris, à 400 mètres de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides e du siège de L'UNESCO A tous les accessoires de l'appartement Centre de Paris dan le VII ème arrondissement, proximité avec les principales lignes de métro (Ecole Militaire). A 400 m. de la Tour Eiffel e de l'Esplanade des Invalides. Proche des plusieurs supermarchés et marchés de la ville Station: ECOLE MILITAIRE
3444	Large one bedroom, great natural light, a quiet peaceful unit in one of the best area in Paris. Very comfortable apartment with high level of equipment Living room with sofabed easy to unfold, large dining table, separate cosy brightly bedroom with large cupboard, comfortable shower room with washing / dryer machine, separate full equipped kitchen. 2nd french floor, no elevator	Beautiful brightly new 1 bedroom apartment! Great central location close to the Eiffel Tower, with the rue Cler starting in front of the building Very quiet position, large apartment full equipped for a very comfortable stay. Large one bedroom, great natural light, a quiet peaceful unit in one of the best area in Paris. Very comfortable apartment with high level of equipment Living room with sofabed easy to unfold, large dining table, separate cosy brightly bedroom with large cupboard, comfortable shower room with washing / dryer machine, separate full equipped kitchen. 2nd french floor, no elevator I welcome my guests at the apartment and i'm always happy to share my favourite addresses in the area You will find absolutly all facilities and shops around The metro station Ecole Militaire at few steps of the building, the pedestrian market street the rue Cler and her large terrasses and a great choice of excellent restaurants The area is lively, familial, secure, elegant....everything b
3445	The apartment is 20 square meters. The apartment is recently totally refurbished and fully equiped. It is small but will sleep 2 comfortably, with a dressing area and shower room. The kitchen is in the living area and includes a fridge, hob, washer dryer, combination micro wave oven, toaster and kettle. This is a charming studio apartment on the fourth floor of a typical Parisian building, conveniently located in one of the best areas of Paris. No lift The sofa bed is very comfortable for 2: the bed is 140cm wide .	A quiet modern and  fully equiped studio apartment located in one of the best area of Paris , steps away from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. In the 7th arrondissement, a lively, safe central and truly parisian neighborhood. The apartment is 20 square meters. The apartment is recently totally refurbished and fully equiped. It is small but will sleep 2 comfortably, with a dressing area and shower room. The kitchen is in the living area and includes a fridge, hob, washer dryer, combination micro wave oven, toaster and kettle. This is a charming studio apartment on the fourth floor of a typical Parisian building, conveniently located in one of the best areas of Paris. No lift The sofa bed is very comfortable for 2: the bed is 140cm wide . Guests have full access to the flat amenities and equipment. A person will meet the guests for check in and I can be joined anytime via email. In the 7th arrondissement, a lively, safe and truly parisian neighborhood, surrounded by  amenities and shops.T
3446	This 40 meters-squared apartment located in the tiny and quiet “rue du Dragon” truly embodies the spirit of the cultural and historic Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Situated on the 2nd floor of a 16th century building where Flemish painters lived during the XVIIth and XVIIIth century, this apartment is tastefully decorated. Fully renovated in 2012, this apartment is a perfect mix between modernity and authenticity, sober but classy. We can name among its assets the beautiful modern and comfy furniture in a traditional décor with exposed beams and old light oak parquet floor. The apartment consists in 3 main rooms, a bathroom and a kitchen, all in the same tones of black and white.  The white bedroom has a spacious queen size bed and a double glazed window with street view, which will insure you peaceful nights in this quiet Parisian street. You access  the  bathroom  through  the  bedroom : it  has a large Italian-style shower with tiling made by young French designers. You’ll also see this t	Located in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, this apartment is a perfect mix between modernity and authenticity, sober but classy. It can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children. This 40 meters-squared apartment located in the tiny and quiet “rue du Dragon” truly embodies the spirit of the cultural and historic Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Situated on the 2nd floor of a 16th century building where Flemish painters lived during the XVIIth and XVIIIth century, this apartment is tastefully decorated. Fully renovated in 2012, this apartment is a perfect mix between modernity and authenticity, sober but classy. We can name among its assets the beautiful modern and comfy furniture in a traditional décor with exposed beams and old light oak parquet floor. The apartment consists in 3 main rooms, a bathroom and a kitchen, all in the same tones of black and white.  The white bedroom has a spacious queen size bed and a double glazed window with street view, which will insure you peaceful nights in this
3447	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, close to the main tourist attractions (Champ de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Luxembourg, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Montparnasse ...), fully renovated apartment in early 2013.  Suitable for 5 pax : 1 king size bed (160 cm), 1 single bed, 1 sofa bed (may be transformed into 2 single beds) All equipment is new and high quality (flat TV, wifi access, new bedding and furniture ...). According to guest's requests, there is now a micro-wave ! Apartment very sunny and quiet, on the 3d floor Subway and buses in front of the apartment.	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, close to the main tourist attractions (Champ de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Luxembourg, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Montparnasse ...), fully renovated apartment in early 2013.  Suitable for 5 pax : 1 king size bed (160 cm), 1 single bed, 1 sofa bed (may be transformed into 2 single beds) All equipment is new and high quality (flat TV, wifi access, new bedding and furniture ...). According to guest's requests, there is now a micro-wave ! Apartment very sunny and quiet, on the 3d floor Subway and buses in front of the apartment.
3448	"The countryside in Paris! Inside a secure private courtyard with a very quiet bucolic garden. 1 bedroom with dining area + shower and separate toilet. Exceptional location. All the nice&convenient shops of rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler. Laundry at 50 meters. Ironning table and iron included. Many cafes and restaurants including the famous ""Thoumieux""."	"Lovely furnished renovated appartment, free WiFi, with main room, shower room and toilet, kitchenette. In a very quiet courtyard in ground garden. Relaxation guaranteed. The countryside in Paris! Inside a secure private courtyard with a very quiet bucolic garden. 1 bedroom with dining area + shower and separate toilet. Exceptional location. All the nice&convenient shops of rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler. Laundry at 50 meters. Ironning table and iron included. Many cafes and restaurants including the famous ""Thoumieux"". Get out of the Metro at station La Tour Maubourg (2 minutes walk from the appartment) or station Ecole militaire (7 minutes walk). Before, during and after the host stay, whenever needed. By phone, SMS, email. In the heart of Paris and its beautiful places to visit (Eifel tower, Invalides, Grand Palais, Champs Elysées, Seine and its sight seeing boats). Everything is at less than 10 minutes walk ! The street is full of charming and practicle shops (boulangerie, café, r"
3449	The building has a lift. Our apartment is has three different spaces :  One bedroom with a Queen size bed (160x200) A large double saloon (living room and our guest room that we use as a bureau). The double saloon can be open or separated giving you the necessary comfort for the second room. You have one double sofa bed in the living room and another one in the guest room. The kitchen is fully equipped: gas cooker, fridge / freezer, oven, microwave, espresso machine, washing machine … A bathroom with tub, towels, hair dryer and shampoo, bathroom linen... The toilets are separated from the bathroom	Our apartment has three spaces: bedroom with queen size bed, a large double saloon which can be open or separated giving you the necessary comfort for the second room. A kitchen fully equipped, a bathroom with tub and toilets separated. The building has a lift. Our apartment is has three different spaces :  One bedroom with a Queen size bed (160x200) A large double saloon (living room and our guest room that we use as a bureau). The double saloon can be open or separated giving you the necessary comfort for the second room. You have one double sofa bed in the living room and another one in the guest room. The kitchen is fully equipped: gas cooker, fridge / freezer, oven, microwave, espresso machine, washing machine … A bathroom with tub, towels, hair dryer and shampoo, bathroom linen... The toilets are separated from the bathroom The appartment is located on the 7th arrondissement of Paris . It includes some of the major tourist attractions of Paris, such as the Eiffel Tower and the Hô
3450	Beautiful flat on the top floor of a typical Parisian building built in the early 1900s and recently renovated. This flat, overlooking a quiet courtyard, is a haven of peace, a perfect pied-a-terre for those who wishing to discover the major sites of Paris and to experience Parisian life in the largest district of the city.  This 31m2 flat is located on the Rue de Cambronne, 150m from the Place de Cambronne. It comfortably accommodates 2 people (non smoking and no pets) for holidays or business trips. The bedroom is equipped with a separable standard double bed with bed linen provided. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave oven, refridgerator, toaster and a Nespresso coffee machine. There is a shower room and bath linen is provided. The flat is equipped with Wifi and TV. This chic and friendly neighborhood offers plenty of traditional restaurants and pubs, terraces, to have a drink, and also some refined foreign cuisine restaurants. A bakery is located on the doorstep and it is 	Beautiful flat on the top floor of a typical Parisian building built in the early 1900s and recently renovated. This flat, overlooking a quiet courtyard, is a haven of peace, a perfect pied-a-terre for those who wishing to discover Paris. Beautiful flat on the top floor of a typical Parisian building built in the early 1900s and recently renovated. This flat, overlooking a quiet courtyard, is a haven of peace, a perfect pied-a-terre for those who wishing to discover the major sites of Paris and to experience Parisian life in the largest district of the city.  This 31m2 flat is located on the Rue de Cambronne, 150m from the Place de Cambronne. It comfortably accommodates 2 people (non smoking and no pets) for holidays or business trips. The bedroom is equipped with a separable standard double bed with bed linen provided. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave oven, refridgerator, toaster and a Nespresso coffee machine. There is a shower room and bath linen is provided. The flat is
3451		Très actif avec de nombreux restaurants l'appartement demeure calme Full of Life many restaurants and shops the flat is still quiet À proximité d'école militaire de nombreux accès sont disponibles  Subway, bus station nearby 
3452	"The living-room is separated thanks to a ""screen"" to keep some privacy. Spacious rooms with high ceiling."	"Furnished two-rooms flat. One separated room and a living-room with sofa bed. Kitchen fully equiped. The living-room is separated thanks to a ""screen"" to keep some privacy. Spacious rooms with high ceiling. Flat rented entirely. Guests will be ""free"". A friend will hand you the key.  You will be able to contact us by mail / phone if ever needed. We will be able to assist you one way or another ! Welcoming classic and touristic neighbourhood (Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Invalides, Concorde, Seine...). You will for sure enjoy some nice evening walks in this safe and beautiful ""arrondissement"" ! Buses lines are at 100m.  Metro lines (line 8, stop Ecole Militaire) at 200m. Approx. max 30 minutes to anywhere in Paris. Grocery store next to the metro station. Typical french bakery in the same street than the metro station (Av. Lowendal). Help yourself with some croissants and other french specificities."
3453	Studio refait à neuf, confortable, très bien  équipé. Chauffage électrique.	Métro Ecole militaire - Beau studio  19m2, 2 ème étage d'un immeuble ancien situé dans un quartier touristique du 7ème arrondissement: commerces, restaurants. Cuisine équipée, sdb avec baignoire, vrai lit de 140, parquet. Linge fourni . Studio refait à neuf, confortable, très bien  équipé. Chauffage électrique. Logement entier à la location. Je reste à la disposition des voyageurs qui souhaitent des renseignements. Quartier du gros caillou: Ecole militaire - Champs de Mars - Tour Eiffel Métro Ecole militaire. Forfait ménage obligatoire: 35€. L'appartemet doit être rendu propre. Toute dégradation sera retenue sur le montant de la caution fixée à 500€.
3454	"Located in the 7th district of Paris, near by the Eiffel Tower (3 minutes by walk), this brand new flat makes 33 square meters, where all facilities are available (dishwasher, (website hidden), wifi…), in a very quiet and secure area. The flat is located on the first floor without lift.  The nearest metro station is only 2 minutes walking distance and it's called ""La tour maubourg"" on line 8. You are at 5 minutes walking distance from invalides where you can take  Airfrance bus !!  What else... well don't visit too many musem, just stay in the 7district (at least on the left bank of the river please!!): Start your day by some jogging/sport at the ""Champs de Mars"", have a coffee with your newspaper ""Rue Clerc"", enjoy the Rodin Museum and its garden, have your lunch at the ""Café Constant"" (at 12 or 02:30pm to avoid the tourists), do some shopping rue ""Saint Dominique"", have a drink at ""l'Esplanade"" (Esplanade des Invalides) and why not going to the cinema ""La Pagode""... THIS is a good da"	"Located in the 7th district of Paris, near by the Eiffel Tower (3 minutes by walk), this brand new flat makes 33 square meters, where all facilities are available (dishwasher, (website hidden), wifi…), in a very quiet and secure area. The flat is located on the first floor without lift.  The nearest metro station is only 2 minutes walking distance and it's called ""La tour maubourg"" on line 8. You are at 5 minutes walking distance from invalides where you can take  Airfrance bus !!  What else... well don't visit too many musem, just stay in the 7district (at least on the left bank of the river please!!): Start your day by some jogging/sport at the ""Champs de Mars"", have a coffee with your newspaper ""Rue Clerc"", enjoy the Rodin Museum and its garden, have your lunch at the ""Café Constant"" (at 12 or 02:30pm to avoid the tourists), do some shopping rue ""Saint Dominique"", have a drink at ""l'Esplanade"" (Esplanade des Invalides) and why not going to the cinema ""La Pagode""... THIS is a good da"
3455	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Incredible apartment located just in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable double beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are 
3456	The apartment features a large picture window, facing out to the inner large courtyard of the building. The kitchen is separate and well equipped. The bathroom is large, with the WC conveniently placed in a separate room. The apartment is on the 8th European floor (9th US), with large elevator and excellent security in the building. A built in closet provides good space for storing suitcases and hanging of clothes. For an elegant touch and to be in a great area, enjoy this beautiful apartment!	Very well decorated, with upscale furnishings, this one bedroom apartment is located just behind the Hotel Pullman and the Eiffel Tower. This is a spacious apartment, where two people can sleep on the double bed and two adults on  the sofa sleeper.  The apartment features a large picture window, facing out to the inner large courtyard of the building. The kitchen is separate and well equipped. The bathroom is large, with the WC conveniently placed in a separate room. The apartment is on the 8th European floor (9th US), with large elevator and excellent security in the building. A built in closet provides good space for storing suitcases and hanging of clothes. For an elegant touch and to be in a great area, enjoy this beautiful apartment! Air conditioning Electric shutters in living room and bedroom Inner courtyard Large windows Sleeping accommodations: Double in bedroom Queen sofa pullout, extra thick mattress with easy open/close, in living room Fully equipped kitchen, specialty cook
3457	Tour Eiffel, invalides, quartier latin, rue du bac, saint michel, commerces, bateaux mouches, quais de Seine ... Commerces rue de grenelle et shopping rue saint Dominique, la rue parallèle. Pour prendre un verre/dîner, la rue cler est à 3 min à pied. Idéalement situé pour pic nic à 2 min à pied au parc du champ de mars.  Ligne 8 (Métro école militaire), bus 92,80,87	Adorable Appartement 2pièces, à 2minutes du Champ de Mars et de Tour Eiffel. Peut accueillir 4pers dans ses 2jolies pièces. Au 5e étage d'un bel immeuble rénové avec ascenseur, vue Tour Eiffel. Au cœur de Paris, Métro8 et bus. Nombreux Commerces en bas de l immeuble. A saisir pour été! Tour Eiffel, invalides, quartier latin, rue du bac, saint michel, commerces, bateaux mouches, quais de Seine ... Commerces rue de grenelle et shopping rue saint Dominique, la rue parallèle. Pour prendre un verre/dîner, la rue cler est à 3 min à pied. Idéalement situé pour pic nic à 2 min à pied au parc du champ de mars.  Ligne 8 (Métro école militaire), bus 92,80,87
3458		Very lovely flat located in the heart of the 7th arrodissement. 5 minutes walk from the eiffel tower and 1 minute from the subway: Ecole militaire. Nice living room with an open kitchen and a very nice bedroom. Perfect place for few days in Paris
3459	"You are looking for a fully furnished, comfy and well decorated appartment in downton Paris ? Our place, just 5 minutes walking from the famous Eiffel Tower would be ideal for that matter. It inlcudes a nice bedroom with king size bed, a big bathroom with bathtub, a brigth living room, and a functional kitchen. You will find everything you could possibly need while exploring Paris such as clean sheets for the beds, a washing machine, a microwave, a fridge, a coffee maker, etc.  The apartment is ideally located in the very chic 7th ""arrondissement"" of Paris, two steps from the Invalides, the Champs de Mars, and the very lively rue Cler (pedestrian street with butchers, bakers, grocers, and typical French bistros).  Metro and buses are available right outisde the door : metro line 8 off Ecole Militaire,  buses to Montparnasse train station (15 minutes) or Champs Elysées (10 minutes). This is perfect place to stay at if you wish to explore Paris for the time of a weekend or even longer if"	"Two-rooms cosy and furnished apartment, well decorated, right in the heart of Paris, (very close to the Eiffel Tower and Invalides). Exceptional district to visit Paris! Possibility of welcoming 2 people (+1 on inflatable mattress). You are looking for a fully furnished, comfy and well decorated appartment in downton Paris ? Our place, just 5 minutes walking from the famous Eiffel Tower would be ideal for that matter. It inlcudes a nice bedroom with king size bed, a big bathroom with bathtub, a brigth living room, and a functional kitchen. You will find everything you could possibly need while exploring Paris such as clean sheets for the beds, a washing machine, a microwave, a fridge, a coffee maker, etc.  The apartment is ideally located in the very chic 7th ""arrondissement"" of Paris, two steps from the Invalides, the Champs de Mars, and the very lively rue Cler (pedestrian street with butchers, bakers, grocers, and typical French bistros).  Metro and buses are available right outisde"
3460	cosy, quiet, lovely	Cosy appartment next to the eiffel tower. Quiet and lovely, this place is the best to stay in paris for few days. My appartment is at the first floor. 3 minutes from the subway. Your are really close of all the most beautiful places. cosy, quiet, lovely 3 minutes from the metro. Subway: metro 8 Ecole militaire. Metro 8, direction Balard => Ecole Militaire.
3461	This little flat is very cute. Parfect for lovers who wants to be in a very special place for their journey in Paris. right in the middle of the city. in a great dirstrict. All utilities, linen and towels. Wifi, Cable TV, washer Dryer.. all is included to make you stay a special moment. 6th floor no elevator. 	This little flat is very cute. Parfect for lovers who wants to be in a very special place for their journey in Paris. right in the middle of the city. in a great dirstrict. All utilities, linen and towels. Wifi, Cable TV, washer Dryer.. all is included to make you stay a special moment. 6th floor no elevator. 
3462		Located just around the corner from the rue Cler and Eiffel Tower, this apartment is sure to please! Stroll to the rue Cler for wine & cheese and then head to the Eiffel Tower for a picnic in the park.
3463	35m2 loft with a modern and exotic style in the heart of a typical parisian district. Very bright crossing appartment, not overlooked, double bed on a mezzanine below the sky, lots of mirrors and wood-made materials, american kitchen, lovely bathroom, separated toilets. 4th and last floor, no elevator, but very easy to climb the stairs. Upstairs: - double bed - skylight - chair - mirror In the living room: - phone - Wifi, I'll leave you the password - cable TV 3D - DVD/Blue Ray player  - Hi-Fi with Ipod plug - an ostrich leather couch (convertible) - an ostrich leather comfy chair - a low table convertible into dining table or desk - 4 chairs - 1 desk - lots of books - some DVDs -1 palmtree - lots of mirrors In the kitchen: - fridge - a freezer - dishwasher - laundry washing machine with a dryer - microwave - mixer, Nespresso coffee machine, pies and pancake machine  In the bathroom: - shower - bathtub - hair dryer  - view on the Eiffel Tower to shower with Parisian style - mirrors Nic	35m2 loft with a modern and exotic style in the heart of a typical parisian district. Very bright crossing appartment, not overlooked, double bed on a mezzanine below the sky, lots of mirrors and wood-made materials, american kitchen, lovely bathroom, separated toilets. 4th and last floor, no elevator, but very easy to climb the stairs. Upstairs: - double bed - skylight - chair - mirror In the living room: - phone - Wifi, I'll leave you the password - cable TV 3D - DVD/Blue Ray player  - Hi-Fi with Ipod plug - an ostrich leather couch (convertible) - an ostrich leather comfy chair - a low table convertible into dining table or desk - 4 chairs - 1 desk - lots of books - some DVDs -1 palmtree - lots of mirrors In the kitchen: - fridge - a freezer - dishwasher - laundry washing machine with a dryer - microwave - mixer, Nespresso coffee machine, pies and pancake machine  In the bathroom: - shower - bathtub - hair dryer  - view on the Eiffel Tower to shower with Parisian style - mirrors Nic
3464	Une décoration typiquement parisienne et chaleureuse vous permettra de vous délasser après vos visites parisiennes. La pièces principale du studio vous offre un espace nuit avec lit double ainsi qu'un espace salon avec un canapé et télévision à écran plat. Une connexion wifi est également à votre disposition. La cuisine est totalement équipée, outre la machine Nespresso, mise à votre disposition vous disposerez des ustensiles indispensables à la confection de repas simples. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, chose rare à Paris mais appréciable après de longues visites dans la capitale. 	En plein cœur du Marché Cler tout en étant au calme d'une cour intérieure arborée. Son emplacement est idéal pour vous rendre à pieds dans les lieux les plus renommés pour vos visites à pieds,Tour Eiffel, bateau mouche, Invalides, Grand Palais,... Une décoration typiquement parisienne et chaleureuse vous permettra de vous délasser après vos visites parisiennes. La pièces principale du studio vous offre un espace nuit avec lit double ainsi qu'un espace salon avec un canapé et télévision à écran plat. Une connexion wifi est également à votre disposition. La cuisine est totalement équipée, outre la machine Nespresso, mise à votre disposition vous disposerez des ustensiles indispensables à la confection de repas simples. La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, chose rare à Paris mais appréciable après de longues visites dans la capitale. Le studio vous est réservé, vous n'avez aucune pièce ni équipement à partager A réception de votre demande de réservation nous vous adressons un ema
3465	"Located between the Eiffel Tower and the famous pedestrian shopping street ""rue Cler"", this duplex one bedroom apartment is totally renovated and located in a very elegant and secured building. It offers a living room with sofa bed, table and chairs,  a kitchenette, a shower room with WC and a large bedroom with double bed on the duplex mezzanine. This apartment is quiet thanks to his position at the back of the building and very comfortable for 4 people. You will appreciate its location, close to everything, with all shops, restaurants and facilities around. Metro station ""Ecole Militaire"" is just around the corner, at 200 meters from the building. This parisian area is both young and familial,  typical parisian life around."	"Located between the Eiffel Tower and the famous pedestrian shopping street ""rue Cler"", this duplex one bedroom apartment is totally renovated and located in a very elegant and secured building. It offers a living room with sofa bed, table and chairs,  a kitchenette, a shower room with WC and a large bedroom with double bed on the duplex mezzanine. This apartment is quiet thanks to his position at the back of the building and very comfortable for 4 people. You will appreciate its location, close to everything, with all shops, restaurants and facilities around. Metro station ""Ecole Militaire"" is just around the corner, at 200 meters from the building. This parisian area is both young and familial,  typical parisian life around."
3466	Lovely and simple appartement in the 7th arrondissement, hosting 2 to 4 people.  Two open mezzanine rooms with two large beds and a single bed in the lower part. The apartment is on the 5th floor, no elevator! but charming and a magnificient view over Paris roofs.  One can see the Invalides golden roof! Very quite, charming and chic neighborhood, Located a street away from rue Cler, which hosts a market and lots of charming cafés and restaurants with terraces, lost of excellent food stores.  Five minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars (Eiffel tower's garden), Another 5 minutes from the Seine river. A 10 minutes walk to the Invalides. We just love it:) Fully equiped kitchen, tv, wifi... Many bus lines (phone number hidden)), and the subway (8) nearby.	Lovely and simple appartement in the 7th arrondissement, hosting 2 to 4 people.  Two open mezzanine rooms with two large beds and a single bed in the lower part. The apartment is on the 5th floor, no elevator! but charming and a magnificient view over Paris roofs.  One can see the Invalides golden roof! Very quite, charming and chic neighborhood, Located a street away from rue Cler, which hosts a market and lots of charming cafés and restaurants with terraces, lost of excellent food stores.  Five minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars (Eiffel tower's garden), Another 5 minutes from the Seine river. A 10 minutes walk to the Invalides. We just love it:) Fully equiped kitchen, tv, wifi... Many bus lines (phone number hidden)), and the subway (8) nearby.
3467	Cute Studio. Very well located	Well located, between Eiffel tower and Invalides, in a walking distance to Champs Elysees, this studio is cozy and joyfull.  Cute Studio. Very well located Mostly everything
3468	Located in the heart of Paris, this  separate bedroom in my apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 2 people and has all what you'll need for a nice and comfy stay. Your host is a very friendly person and loves sharing stories with you :)	Located in the heart of Paris, this  separate bedroom in my apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 2 people and has all what you'll need for a nice and comfy stay. Your host is a very friendly person and loves sharing stories with you :) Located in the heart of Paris, this  separate bedroom in my apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 2 people and has all what you'll need for a nice and comfy stay. Your host is a very friendly person and loves sharing stories with you :) The famous neighborhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Près.
3469	Le quartier À l’image de Notting Hill à Londres, Saint-Germain est sans doute un des quartiers de Paris les plus romantiques de la capitale. Ancien épicentre de l’intelligentsia parisienne où se sont croisés les plus grands artistes et intellectuels : Picasso, Giacometti, Hemingway, Sartre, Camus débattaient au café de Flore et aux Deux Magots.  Le quartier de Saint-Germain à un charme inimitable : ruelles charmantes, galeries d’art et boutiques de créateurs pour une flânerie salvatrice à l’aura existentialiste. L’appartement Situé en plein de cœur de Saint Germain des prés et à deux pas des quais de Seine, l’appartement offre un luxe rare à Paris : le calme. Si le salon vous offre l’animation de la rue, la chambre, elle, donne sur une arrière-cour d’où l’on peut entendre quelques oiseaux gazouiller et les cloches de Saint-Germain des Prés. Un air de village en plein Paris.  L’appartement est lumineux et dispose d’un mini-balcon garni de plantes vertes. La décoration ethnico-bobo appor	Quiet one bedroom apartment with romantic style decor, located in the heart of Paris. Le quartier À l’image de Notting Hill à Londres, Saint-Germain est sans doute un des quartiers de Paris les plus romantiques de la capitale. Ancien épicentre de l’intelligentsia parisienne où se sont croisés les plus grands artistes et intellectuels : Picasso, Giacometti, Hemingway, Sartre, Camus débattaient au café de Flore et aux Deux Magots.  Le quartier de Saint-Germain à un charme inimitable : ruelles charmantes, galeries d’art et boutiques de créateurs pour une flânerie salvatrice à l’aura existentialiste. L’appartement Situé en plein de cœur de Saint Germain des prés et à deux pas des quais de Seine, l’appartement offre un luxe rare à Paris : le calme. Si le salon vous offre l’animation de la rue, la chambre, elle, donne sur une arrière-cour d’où l’on peut entendre quelques oiseaux gazouiller et les cloches de Saint-Germain des Prés. Un air de village en plein Paris.  L’appartement est lumineux
3470	Bright apartment ideally located - Bedroom with 1 double bed, linen provided, large closet, dresser, large window. - Kitchen fully equipped with oven, microwave, induction hob, kettle, washing machine, iron and ironing board. - Living room with 1 sofa bed and 2 seater sofa corner, library, TV, Wifi. - Bathroom with shower, WC, window for ventilation, towels, hair dryer provided. Assured peace in this quiet building overlooking courtyard located in the heart of the XVth arrondissement, this apartment is ideally located for sightseeing, shopping, your congresses and exhibitions. - Bus 80 directly to the exhibition center Porte de Versailles and located to the Bateaux Mouches   At 3 metro stops from Gare Montparnasse Metros (L 8-6-10) Vélib 'station nearby in the rue du Commerce in which you will find many amenities. At 7 metro stops from the Champs-Élysées. At 6 stations of Galeries Lafayette and RER A direction Disneyland A 10-minute metro ride from the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay 7 mi	Bright apartment ideally located - Bedroom with 1 double bed, linen provided, large closet, dresser, large window. - Kitchen fully equipped with oven, microwave, induction hob, kettle, washing machine, iron and ironing board. - Living room with 1 sofa bed and 2 seater sofa corner, library, TV, Wifi. - Bathroom with shower, WC, window for ventilation, towels, hair dryer provided. Assured peace in this quiet building overlooking courtyard located in the heart of the XVth arrondissement, this apartment is ideally located for sightseeing, shopping, your congresses and exhibitions. - Bus 80 directly to the exhibition center Porte de Versailles and located to the Bateaux Mouches   At 3 metro stops from Gare Montparnasse Metros (L 8-6-10) Vélib 'station nearby in the rue du Commerce in which you will find many amenities. At 7 metro stops from the Champs-Élysées. At 6 stations of Galeries Lafayette and RER A direction Disneyland A 10-minute metro ride from the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay 7 mi
3471	Located directly across the street from Paris' famous department store Le Bon Marché, my apartment is conveniently located within one of the city's chicest neighborhoods. You will find within close proximity the historic Quartier Latin, the famous Café de Flore, which served as a regular meeting jaunt for such French literaries as Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir, and other sites of great interest.  A major advantage for travellers wishing to experience life in the heart of Paris, virtually every major attraction is easily accessible from the apartment. An ideal location to explore the vibrancy of historic and modern Paris! The furnished apartment consists of a cosy living room, a bathroom and a mezzanine with a futon - a perfect space to rest after a day of sightseeing. For your convenience, the apartment is fully equipped and functional. You will find bed linens, towels, a fully equipped kitchen, including pots & pan, a hot plate, plates and silverware, a kettle, coffee pot an	Located directly across the street from Paris' famous department store Le Bon Marché, my apartment is conveniently located within one of the city's chicest neighborhoods. You will find within close proximity the historic Quartier Latin, the famous Café de Flore, which served as a regular meeting jaunt for such French literaries as Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir, and other sites of great interest.  A major advantage for travellers wishing to experience life in the heart of Paris, virtually every major attraction is easily accessible from the apartment. An ideal location to explore the vibrancy of historic and modern Paris! The furnished apartment consists of a cosy living room, a bathroom and a mezzanine with a futon - a perfect space to rest after a day of sightseeing. For your convenience, the apartment is fully equipped and functional. You will find bed linens, towels, a fully equipped kitchen, including pots & pan, a hot plate, plates and silverware, a kettle, coffee pot an
3472	Beautiful flat, Paris 6th, between Café de Flore and La Coupole, next to Quartier Latin and all the Rive Gauche great shops.  There are a lot of old movies theaters that show movies with subtitles, libraries and garden. Catherine Deneuve openened her own confidential restaurant, so did Gerard Depardieu.  Notre Dame, The Louvre, The Pantheon, Beaubourg museum, Rodin museum and garden, The Luxembourg garden are very close to my flat.  What's very enjoyable too is the fact that you have 5 subway station nearby  that you can use : Vaneau, Sèvres Babylone, Duroc, Saint Placide, Falghière, like that you can avoid the correspondances in the subway that are often long. There are also lots of busses possibilities, velib stations and autolib stations. Not only do you have lot's of cafes, but also grocery stores, a wonderful cheese store (the one that furnishes the Ritz), great bakeries (2 around the corner) and every sunday morning a wonderful biological market where you can meet, if you're luck	Beautiful flat, Paris 6th, between Café de Flore and La Coupole, next to Quartier Latin and all the Rive Gauche great shops.  There are a lot of old movies theaters that show movies with subtitles, libraries and garden. Catherine Deneuve openened her own confidential restaurant, so did Gerard Depardieu.  Notre Dame, The Louvre, The Pantheon, Beaubourg museum, Rodin museum and garden, The Luxembourg garden are very close to my flat.  What's very enjoyable too is the fact that you have 5 subway station nearby  that you can use : Vaneau, Sèvres Babylone, Duroc, Saint Placide, Falghière, like that you can avoid the correspondances in the subway that are often long. There are also lots of busses possibilities, velib stations and autolib stations. Not only do you have lot's of cafes, but also grocery stores, a wonderful cheese store (the one that furnishes the Ritz), great bakeries (2 around the corner) and every sunday morning a wonderful biological market where you can meet, if you're luck
3473	Le studio fait 23m2. Il est très lumineux et possède tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour en plein coeur de Paris. Wifi (fibre) TV (avec de nombreuses chaines), beaucoup de livres. Le studio a été refait à neuf il est donc très agréable. En revanche il n'y a pas de climatiseur. Il se situe au 4ème étage.  L'immeuble est calme et l'appartement est non fumeur.  Le studio se situe avenue de Suffren à 3 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et des stations de bus (phone number hidden), de la ligne de métro 6 et du RER C Champ de Mars, ainsi vous pourrez aller très facilement dans tout Paris. Le musée du Quai Branly est à 5 minutes à pieds, l'hôtel des Invalides à 4 minutes en bus.	Appartement situé à 3 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, refait à neuf avec une cuisine équipée et salle de bain. Lit simple qui s'ouvre pour laisser place à un lit double de très grande taille (très confortable). Studio cosy et très lumineux. Le studio fait 23m2. Il est très lumineux et possède tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour en plein coeur de Paris. Wifi (fibre) TV (avec de nombreuses chaines), beaucoup de livres. Le studio a été refait à neuf il est donc très agréable. En revanche il n'y a pas de climatiseur. Il se situe au 4ème étage.  L'immeuble est calme et l'appartement est non fumeur.  Le studio se situe avenue de Suffren à 3 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et des stations de bus (phone number hidden), de la ligne de métro 6 et du RER C Champ de Mars, ainsi vous pourrez aller très facilement dans tout Paris. Le musée du Quai Branly est à 5 minutes à pieds, l'hôtel des Invalides à 4 minutes en bus. Je serai bien évidemment là pour vous accueillir et répondre à to
3474	A quiet place in a very chic neighbourhood. The place I live is just perfect for a couple who would like to discover Paris with safety. 2mn walking to reach the Eiffel tour, this neighbourhood is also ideal with its restaurants , its quiet park ( champ de mars) What about my appartment ? It is really cosy, providing you all the confort you need. My bed is retractable, which offers you a large living area while keeping all the confort of a real bed. Little kitchen, bathroom, tv, coffee machine, internet access... All you need is at your disposal to allow you to live an amazing experience in one of the best city of the world.	A very warm and cosy studio flat ,my cute appartment is very functional and it s pleasant to live in. 2minutes from eiffel tour, supermarkets, restaurants and bars, transport stations around, it is located in the best and chicest area of Paris A quiet place in a very chic neighbourhood. The place I live is just perfect for a couple who would like to discover Paris with safety. 2mn walking to reach the Eiffel tour, this neighbourhood is also ideal with its restaurants , its quiet park ( champ de mars) What about my appartment ? It is really cosy, providing you all the confort you need. My bed is retractable, which offers you a large living area while keeping all the confort of a real bed. Little kitchen, bathroom, tv, coffee machine, internet access... All you need is at your disposal to allow you to live an amazing experience in one of the best city of the world. - 5 ou 6 bus stations around and one metro station (line 8, école militaire)
3475	Petite maison de charme proche de la tour Eiffel. 1  chambre sous le toit, très romantique avec un lit double et vue sur la tour Eiffel. 1 chambre avec un lit simple. 1 canapé lit  à deux places. Une kitchenette avec bar donnant sur le living. Le quartier du Gros Caillou est très vivant avec beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants. C'est un carrefour touristique à proximité des principaux centres d'attractions. La rue Malar débouche sur les bords de Seine et sa promenade récemment aménagée. La maison donne sur deux cours et offre des soirées particulièrement calmes. 	Petite maison de charme proche de la tour Eiffel. 1  chambre sous le toit, très romantique avec un lit double et vue sur la tour Eiffel. 1 chambre avec un lit simple. 1 canapé lit  à deux places. Une kitchenette avec bar donnant sur le living. Le quartier du Gros Caillou est très vivant avec beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants. C'est un carrefour touristique à proximité des principaux centres d'attractions. La rue Malar débouche sur les bords de Seine et sa promenade récemment aménagée. La maison donne sur deux cours et offre des soirées particulièrement calmes. 
3476	Large bedroom with private bathroom in a spacious (100 sq meters) and typical Parisian flat (with parquet floor, high ceiling and fireplace. Very bright, it's composed of a main entrance, two large bedrooms with their own bathroom, a dining-room, a separate living-room, an office and a kitchen.	Have a pleasant stay in one room with private bathroom of a large apartment in the heart of Paris and enjoy the life of Saint-Germain ! Spacious (100 sq meters), very bright and typical Parisian flat  with parquet floor, high ceiling and fireplace... Large bedroom with private bathroom in a spacious (100 sq meters) and typical Parisian flat (with parquet floor, high ceiling and fireplace. Very bright, it's composed of a main entrance, two large bedrooms with their own bathroom, a dining-room, a separate living-room, an office and a kitchen. Full-equipped kitchen, WiFi and Aesop products in the bathroom. I will stay in touch via phone or email during your all stay. Located in the heart of Saint-Germain, the flat offers you a full experience of parisian living in one of the most district of the city... Subway stations : Saint-Sulpice (M4) or Sèvres-Babylone (M10 & M12).
3477		Exceptional apartment, totally renewed and tastefully (email hidden)e apartment has high ceilings, restored double doors to the sitting room and master bedroom. It retains the original solid oak parquet floor. There is a feeling of space. Balcony. The whole apartment
3478		Fully equipped apartment located 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Metro and bus at 200m. Many trendy bars and restaurants nearby.
3479	New renovated 20 sq meters ground floor apartment with entrance, full equipped kitchen with dining space, living room with sofabed, TV, internet wifi, shower room with WC. 	Brightly new renovated studio for 2 persons. Very well furnished and fully equipped apartment. Quiet and secure position great central address close to the Eiffel tower New renovated 20 sq meters ground floor apartment with entrance, full equipped kitchen with dining space, living room with sofabed, TV, internet wifi, shower room with WC.  Great central location close to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides and the river banks. Walking distance to Champs Elysées, Saint Germain. The area offers all faiclities with a lot of restaurants, cafés, shops...in the heart of the parisian life. Very nice, elegant and peaceful area. RER Invalides  Metro station Invalides (line 8 and 13) or La Tour Maubourg (line 8) Busses: (phone number hidden)
3480		........................  .......................
3481	I'm subletting my room  very nice 3 bd classic Parisian apartment in 7 éme (One of the best and safest area of Paris) The apt is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. 3min- Seine river, Pont de I'Alma 5min walk - Eiffel Tower, Palais de Tokyo  10min - Grand parais, Champs Élysées  Very central location Near two metro stations : Pont de I'Alma (rer), Alma - Marceau (line 9) Fully furnished bedroom and you will share the bathroom, kitchen with my flatmate  Our apartment is very clean and the room is very sunny with big window	Superb neighborhood in center of Paris Classic Parisian apartment Very sunny room I'm subletting my room  very nice 3 bd classic Parisian apartment in 7 éme (One of the best and safest area of Paris) The apt is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. 3min- Seine river, Pont de I'Alma 5min walk - Eiffel Tower, Palais de Tokyo  10min - Grand parais, Champs Élysées  Very central location Near two metro stations : Pont de I'Alma (rer), Alma - Marceau (line 9) Fully furnished bedroom and you will share the bathroom, kitchen with my flatmate  Our apartment is very clean and the room is very sunny with big window
3482	Av de La Bourdonnais Calm one bedroom with equiped kitchen, living room with a mezzanine where 2 more people can sleep. Breathtaking view of Tour Eiffel from the balcony. Well situated, very close to Champs de Mars and Tour Eiffel, and proximity to public transport and taxi.Nice and calm, one bedroom apartment close to Champs de Mars gardens and Eiffel Tower, very well situated with view to Eiffel Tower, close to the most lively streets of the 7th arrondissement, rue de Grenelle, St Dominique, Cler, Champs de Mars. Close to Ecole Militaire, Invalides, and transports.	Av de La Bourdonnais Calm one bedroom with equiped kitchen, living room with a mezzanine where 2 more people can sleep. Breathtaking view of Tour Eiffel from the balcony. Well situated, very close to Champs de Mars and Tour Eiffel, and proximity to public transport and taxi.Nice and calm, one bedroom apartment close to Champs de Mars gardens and Eiffel Tower, very well situated with view to Eiffel Tower, close to the most lively streets of the 7th arrondissement, rue de Grenelle, St Dominique, Cler, Champs de Mars. Close to Ecole Militaire, Invalides, and transports.
3483	Charming, studio on famous, typically Parisian market Street, Rue Cler. Close to the Eiffel Tower. 3rd floor, so no hiking required. Private room. On the street you'll find bounty of specialty shops and markets, from cheeses to wines, fishes and meat. Perhaps one of the liveliest streets I can think of in the neighborhood, which is one of Paris' best and safest. The apartment has everything you need: table, closet, chairs, single bed, fully equipped kitchen, stove, inside bathroom with shower as well as an extra toilet outside. I live there so there it's got some extra perks as well such as an extra mattress if you wanna have a second person there. Close to pretty much everything you can think of in Paris, especially Champs Elysees and the Seine. On metro line 8, which is a 2 minute walk away. There is a laundry place just down the street, a minute away. Wireless password included with reservation.	Charming, studio on famous, typically Parisian market Street, Rue Cler. Close to the Eiffel Tower. 3rd floor, so no hiking required. Private room. On the street you'll find bounty of specialty shops and markets, from cheeses to wines, fishes and meat. Perhaps one of the liveliest streets I can think of in the neighborhood, which is one of Paris' best and safest. The apartment has everything you need: table, closet, chairs, single bed, fully equipped kitchen, stove, inside bathroom with shower as well as an extra toilet outside. I live there so there it's got some extra perks as well such as an extra mattress if you wanna have a second person there. Close to pretty much everything you can think of in Paris, especially Champs Elysees and the Seine. On metro line 8, which is a 2 minute walk away. There is a laundry place just down the street, a minute away. Wireless password included with reservation.
3484		Summer Sale　Special　Price ８月中夏季特別料金 専用バスルーム付クイーンサイズベッドにソファ（シングルベッドになります）の広々としたお部屋、ゆったりリビングや設備の完備したキッチンも自由に使える８４㎡のアパルトマンのシェア別には１部屋（こちらにも専用バスルーム）だけです。
3485	View on the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the bathroom	Beautiful Flat with view on the Eiffel Tour.  5minutes walking distance from the Champs Elysées, Invalides, La Seine, parks. Room Living room two balconies Bathroom shower/wc Kitchen fully equipped High ceilings Parquet floor Elevator View on the Eiffel Tower from the kitchen and the bathroom neigborhood very parisian chic
3486	The appartment is on the 4rth floor on an interior couryard with an elevator.	    Calm appartment with easy access to lots of Paris. 4 bedrooms with two double beds and three single beds for kids. Large modern space with open kitchen. It very close to many things including the eiffel tower, grand palais, champs elysees etc...    The appartment is on the 4rth floor on an interior couryard with an elevator. They will have access to the appartment. There is also a cot for a baby if necessary. As much as they need The 7th is calm and safe with lots of great markets and restaurants. Its easy access to everywhere in Paris. At this location you  close to everything. You can go to the market across the river pick up some great food and bring it back and cook. Easy walk to lots of restaurants and museums. Musée Rodin, Eiffel Tower, Grand and Petit Palais, Musée Quai Branley. The museums at Trocadero etc etc...  The walk along the new quai in front of the house is a real must to. Lots of restaurants down on the water.... Metro 9 RER C Bus 42 80 92 check (website hidden) I
3487	My point of view is totally biased as I cannot imagine a more charming neighborhood and I'm totally in love with the building. I'll let you make your own opinion. As it's an old building and all the sophisticated details from this Art Nouveau construction hasn't be renewed yet, It might seem less clean. However you might not experience such a priceless visit of this charming atmosphere.	Cosy Studio apartment right at the foot of the Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars, in a stunning Art Nouveau Building. My point of view is totally biased as I cannot imagine a more charming neighborhood and I'm totally in love with the building. I'll let you make your own opinion. As it's an old building and all the sophisticated details from this Art Nouveau construction hasn't be renewed yet, It might seem less clean. However you might not experience such a priceless visit of this charming atmosphere. You'll stay at the very heart of the city, enjoying a continually changing view of the Eiffel tower, while eating in the best french cuisine rue St Dominique and shop on Champs Elysées at walking distance. I'm available anytime for suggestions and help by mail and we'll meet at the beginning and the end of your stay. After a morning workout in le Champs de Mars, enjoy a croissant at the first boulangerie on the right side of the rue St Dominique, then don't forget to make a reservation for 
3488	The apartment is a one bedroom apartment. There is a bedroom and a living room, with a pull out sofa in one side and a little cozy dining table on the other. At the entrance there is a separate kitchen, available for you if you want to cook something. The bathroom has been entirely and recently renovated. It has a bathtub, a little washbasin and a wc. The apartment is located at the 4th floor of the building where it faces the courtyard. The street is very quiet but at the same time walking distance to the most popular spots of the neighborhood. It is the perfect compromise.	Up to 4 people can stay - No fees on additional guests. Double bed in the bedroom & pullout sofa in the living room separated by a door. Full of natural light, apt is in a typical Parisian building. Perfect to live the authentic Parisian life ! The apartment is a one bedroom apartment. There is a bedroom and a living room, with a pull out sofa in one side and a little cozy dining table on the other. At the entrance there is a separate kitchen, available for you if you want to cook something. The bathroom has been entirely and recently renovated. It has a bathtub, a little washbasin and a wc. The apartment is located at the 4th floor of the building where it faces the courtyard. The street is very quiet but at the same time walking distance to the most popular spots of the neighborhood. It is the perfect compromise. You have access to all the apartment, so feel free to use the kitchen, to spend time in the living room the only restriction is that it is non-smoking, so make yourself at h
3489	Amazing location!	Hello !  I rent my flat in Paris city center, 6th arrondissement.   Subway Vaneau / Duroc.  Close to the Bon Marché, St-Germain-Des-près, Eiffel tour, Notre-Dame de Paris... Nice flat with : living room, kitchen, doublebed, bathroom Amazing location! Beautiful streets!!
3490	Charming studio in the heart of Paris.  Charming one bedroom apartment on ground floor, viewing a courtyard.  - Living-room with BRAND NEW REAL BED AND NEW MATRESS installed this december 2014 - typical stone wall - open equipped kitchen (two burner stove, combination microwave, grill & oven, under-the-counter refrigerator/freezer, Toaster, dishes, cutlery & glasses) - bathroom with shower and toilets and whasher. -The windows are double-glazed and have exterior metal shutters. Internet : High speed Internet access, Wi-Fi or (website hidden) : cable with 170 channels. 4 channels in English, and other languages. Telephone usage temporarly out of service. The studio is calm and quiet. You will find everything in it and nearby is the wonderfull atmosphere of Paris.	The studio is calm and quiet. You will find everything in it and nearby is the wonderfull atmosphere of Paris. Charming studio in the heart of Paris.  Charming one bedroom apartment on ground floor, viewing a courtyard.  - Living-room with BRAND NEW REAL BED AND NEW MATRESS installed this december 2014 - typical stone wall - open equipped kitchen (two burner stove, combination microwave, grill & oven, under-the-counter refrigerator/freezer, Toaster, dishes, cutlery & glasses) - bathroom with shower and toilets and whasher. -The windows are double-glazed and have exterior metal shutters. Internet : High speed Internet access, Wi-Fi or (website hidden) : cable with 170 channels. 4 channels in English, and other languages. Telephone usage temporarly out of service. The studio is calm and quiet. You will find everything in it and nearby is the wonderfull atmosphere of Paris. The 7th Distric has a small town feeling in the middle of Paris. 4 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and the Champs d
3491	mon logement est particulièrement intéressant de par son emplacement, dans le 7ème arrondissement proche de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées et par son confort, refait à neuf, situé au 1er étage, dans un quartier calme mais commerçant . tous les appareils ménagers de base  et Internet  proche du parc du Champ de mars, des quais de Seine où il fait bon courir. de bons restaurants à tous les prix. petites boutiques de mode et de bonnes librairies métro ligne 8 station invalides             ligne 9 station Alma-marceau RER C              station Pont de l'Alma depuis l'aéroport Orly prendre le RER C depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle prendre le RER B et changer à la station StMichel-Notre Dame puis prendre  RER C jusqu'à la station Invalides.	mon logement est particulièrement intéressant de par son emplacement, dans le 7ème arrondissement proche de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées et par son confort, refait à neuf, situé au 1er étage, dans un quartier calme mais commerçant . tous les appareils ménagers de base  et Internet  proche du parc du Champ de mars, des quais de Seine où il fait bon courir. de bons restaurants à tous les prix. petites boutiques de mode et de bonnes librairies métro ligne 8 station invalides             ligne 9 station Alma-marceau RER C              station Pont de l'Alma depuis l'aéroport Orly prendre le RER C depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle prendre le RER B et changer à la station StMichel-Notre Dame puis prendre  RER C jusqu'à la station Invalides. métro, bus, RER, taxi bien noter: Il n'y aura personne après 23h pour donner les clés de l'appartement. Penser à prendre un avion qui atterrit avant 21h car il faut 2h en taxi entre l'atterrissage à l'aéroport et l'arrivée à l'appartement. merci
3492	* Check-in and luggage deposit after 2 pm * ** Please, put your cellphone number in your profile or send it to my in a message, thanks :-) ** Hello everybody, I'm an Italian student 27 years old and sometimes I rent a room of my apartment with double bed. Price 50 euros per day (except high season), and caution of 100 euros (especially for the keys, which are expensive and difficult to obtain). The room overlooks Paris' rooftops and you can also see the tip of the Eiffel Tower: it is very romantic! The apartment is a sort of rectangle with two bedrooms at the extremes (one is for hosts and in the other one we live). In the middle of the house there are two toilets: one part contains the sink and the shower, the other the WC. Always in the middle there is the kitchen, which is electric. We have all you need: washing machine, hairdryer and towels (we don't have enough bathrobes, though). The bed measures 200x145 cm. The apartment is 200 meters from the Eiffel Tower, in a charming and cal	Small charming room in old apartment with sight on Eiffel Tower (200 m away). A metro station 5 min walking, a bus station 20 m from building, 3 public bycicle stations around. Three supermarkets and several restaurants very near. * Check-in and luggage deposit after 2 pm * ** Please, put your cellphone number in your profile or send it to my in a message, thanks :-) ** Hello everybody, I'm an Italian student 27 years old and sometimes I rent a room of my apartment with double bed. Price 50 euros per day (except high season), and caution of 100 euros (especially for the keys, which are expensive and difficult to obtain). The room overlooks Paris' rooftops and you can also see the tip of the Eiffel Tower: it is very romantic! The apartment is a sort of rectangle with two bedrooms at the extremes (one is for hosts and in the other one we live). In the middle of the house there are two toilets: one part contains the sink and the shower, the other the WC. Always in the middle there is the 
3493		Ideally located in the heart of Paris close to the Eiffel Tower, this fully equiped 1 bedroom flat can host 2 people (50 square meters). Situated on the top floor (8th) you can enjoy a wonderful view on the whole city and every parisian monument!
3494		Beautiful studio Brand new, recently renovated with all commodities : - wifi - internet - shower - sofa bed - fridge ....
3495	It's on the 4' floor without lift...	Tais flat is on the heart of paris. On the art galleries streets of the 7' district. Just 1 block from river seine, louvres museum and orsay museum. Aswell by walk you can go to Eiffel Tower, saint germain des pres, Tuileries garden, champs élysées and more
3496	The Neighborhood: Located in the most cultural and artistic district of Paris (6ieme arrondissement) in an old but very charming building as you can expect in Paris. Accessible by 2 Metro stations -- line 10 Vaneau and line 12 Sevres-Babylone. A 5-minute walk away is the line 4 Saint-Sulpice. It’s a 20-minute walk to the Eiffel Tower.  Close to all the nice places of ‘’Paris Rive Gauche’’. Luxembourg gardens is a 10mn walk away and is ideal for a jog or a lunch break. Saint Germain des Prés and Odeon, Saint-Michel, Notre Dame (about 20 minute walk away also accessible by Metro)  Located near the world-renowned department store, Le Bon Marché and Hotel Lutetia. On nearby streets you will find a variety of cafés and restaurants; Wonderful stores for shopping line the nearby ‘’rue Saint-Sulpice’’ or ‘’rue du Bac’’.  There is much to see and do in this district which is central to all the major attractions. The Apartment: This one bedroom apartment (45 m2) is located on the 2nd floor (3rd 	The Neighborhood: Located in the most cultural and artistic district of Paris (6ieme arrondissement) in an old but very charming building as you can expect in Paris. Accessible by 2 Metro stations -- line 10 Vaneau and line 12 Sevres-Babylone. A 5-minute walk away is the line 4 Saint-Sulpice. It’s a 20-minute walk to the Eiffel Tower.  Close to all the nice places of ‘’Paris Rive Gauche’’. Luxembourg gardens is a 10mn walk away and is ideal for a jog or a lunch break. Saint Germain des Prés and Odeon, Saint-Michel, Notre Dame (about 20 minute walk away also accessible by Metro)  Located near the world-renowned department store, Le Bon Marché and Hotel Lutetia. On nearby streets you will find a variety of cafés and restaurants; Wonderful stores for shopping line the nearby ‘’rue Saint-Sulpice’’ or ‘’rue du Bac’’.  There is much to see and do in this district which is central to all the major attractions. The Apartment: This one bedroom apartment (45 m2) is located on the 2nd floor (3rd 
3497	studio idéale pour touriste, dans l'un des quartier les plus chic de paris, bien équiper internet tv téléphone, salle de bain WC, kitchenette deux grande fenêtres,  ..., pouvant accueillir 3 personnes 	studio idéale pour touriste, dans l'un des quartier les plus chic de paris, bien équiper internet tv téléphone, salle de bain WC, kitchenette deux grande fenêtres,  ..., pouvant accueillir 3 personnes  métro 08 école militaire, bus 80, 92 station bosquet saint-Dominique, bus 42 station champs de mars    lors du rendez-vous je vous donne les clés et je vous laisse mes coordonnés si besoin vous pouvez me contacté , Je suis joignable par mail, telephone, textos,.... quartier au centre de paris entouré des endroit touristique parisien à 5 mn a pied de la tour Eiffel et du champ de mars, pas loin de champs Elysée, la tour Montparnasse, les invalides, à deux station de métro du centre commercial  Beaugrenelle, à 10mn en bus 42 des galeries la Fayette et le printemps   métro 08 école militaire, bus 80, 92 station bosquet saint-Dominique, bus 42 station rappe la bourdonais  le code de l'immeuble est 07 B 32
3498	Central et très calme à la fois	Belle et grande CHAMBRE dans appartement entièrement refait à neuf. Au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. Endroit très calme donnant sur cour. Très belle cuisine et salle de bain luxueuse. Mobilier neuf, moderne et pratique. Parquet, fenêtres d'origine. Central et très calme à la fois Cuisine, salle de bain, salon, salle-à-manger Non Les commerçants, le calme et en même temps l'agitation si besoin est. Par métro (Metro Rue du Bac ou Saint Germain des Prés) Appartement entièrement équipé . Deuxième étage avec ascenseur.
3499	Welcome traveler!! Welcome in your little place in Paris!! :-) It is so calm here, I bet you may never feel more peaceful in Paris. It is also really bright. It is really easy to cool down up there, from turbulent Parisian life below. The sight from the bedroom shows roofs and chimneys, as the flat is 1 floor higher than all buildings.  The flat is brand new, simple, central, and very functional! The flat is composed of 3 rooms: 2 bedrooms (my roommate's and mine), separated by the livingroom + bathroom. The living room includes 1 clothes washer and several storage spaces. The kitchen is part of the living room. It includes 2 hot plates and 1 oven, 1 toaster, 1 boiler, 1 coffee machine, several pans, tools and dishes. The bathroom contains 1 large shower, 1 little sink and 1 WC. Your bedroom includes: 1 pull-out sofa (double), 1 bedside table, 1 chair. Little towels and bed sheets are provided. The 2 bedroom can host 4 persons (2 couples), and 3 more persons can sleep in the living roo	Bright cocoon 15 min walking to Gare Montparnasse, Champs de Mars (Tour Eiffel), and Invalides. Absolute calm at 8th floor (no elevator), near charming neighborhoods (7e, 6e). 27m² (3 rooms) to enjoy Paris! Welcome traveler!! Welcome in your little place in Paris!! :-) It is so calm here, I bet you may never feel more peaceful in Paris. It is also really bright. It is really easy to cool down up there, from turbulent Parisian life below. The sight from the bedroom shows roofs and chimneys, as the flat is 1 floor higher than all buildings.  The flat is brand new, simple, central, and very functional! The flat is composed of 3 rooms: 2 bedrooms (my roommate's and mine), separated by the livingroom + bathroom. The living room includes 1 clothes washer and several storage spaces. The kitchen is part of the living room. It includes 2 hot plates and 1 oven, 1 toaster, 1 boiler, 1 coffee machine, several pans, tools and dishes. The bathroom contains 1 large shower, 1 little sink and 1 WC. You
3500		Calm and sunny flat for 6 persons. Ideal for familles or 2 couples. Down the Eiffel Tower, in a very lively neighbourhood
3501	You will immediately know you are in the heart of Paris when you will see the Eiffel Tower twinkle through the windows of this modern one-bedroom apartment. Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you are just minutes away from the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars are just at your doorstep (a 1-minute walk) and it will take you less than 20 minutes to get to the Champs Elysées by foot. Unless of course you choose to stop on your way to enjoy the sweeping view over Paris from the Trocadéro (a 10-minute walk from home), a Matisse painting at the Museum for Modern Art (a 10-minute walk), ancient Maya artifacts at the Quai Branly Museum (a 10-minute walk), or a spectacular art exhibition under the glass and steel ceiling of the Grand Palais (a 15-minute walk). But who said you had to walk ? The appartment is just 5 minutes from the subway (Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10) and the undergro	You will immediately know you are in the heart of Paris when you will see the Eiffel Tower twinkle through the windows of this modern one-bedroom apartment. Ideally located in a quiet and secure residential area, you are just minutes away from the most visited landmarks and venues in Paris. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars are just at your doorstep (a 1-minute walk) and it will take you less than 20 minutes to get to the Champs Elysées by foot. Unless of course you choose to stop on your way to enjoy the sweeping view over Paris from the Trocadéro (a 10-minute walk from home), a Matisse painting at the Museum for Modern Art (a 10-minute walk), ancient Maya artifacts at the Quai Branly Museum (a 10-minute walk), or a spectacular art exhibition under the glass and steel ceiling of the Grand Palais (a 15-minute walk). But who said you had to walk ? The appartment is just 5 minutes from the subway (Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10) and the undergro
3502	This 14sqm room can accomodate 1 or 2 persons; one in a 90X190 bed, the other one in a high standard foldind bed( 80X190).	Nestled  in one of the most prestigious areas in Paris, this clean and modern small room is an ideal Pied-à-terre in Saint -germain-des-Près. Situated on the ground floor, it has a wide window, opening on the courtyard. This 14sqm room can accomodate 1 or 2 persons; one in a 90X190 bed, the other one in a high standard foldind bed( 80X190). The guests will have at their disposal inside their room: A microwave oven A nespresso machine A small fridge Perfect for quick meals and breakfasts. Just outside your door, luxury boutiques and a supermarket open till 10PM. Metro line 12. Station RUE DU BAC. NO smoking No pets Check-in 3PM Check-out at 12. No arrivals after 9PM.
3503	La plupart des meubles sont au design épuré. Du linge de toilette sera mis a votre disposition. Vous vous sentirez bien dans cet appartement alliant charme de l'ancien et confort contemporain. Le ménage est effectué pour chaque séjour, et au moins une fois par semaine. Sur réservation, il vous sera possible d'avoir davantage de services. 	Au cœur du 7eme arrondissement, entre le charmant quartier de Saint Germain des Prés et à quelques minutes de la Tour Eiffel, vous découvrirez un appartement de 80 m2 de deux chambres, cosy et lumineux. La plupart des meubles sont au design épuré. Du linge de toilette sera mis a votre disposition. Vous vous sentirez bien dans cet appartement alliant charme de l'ancien et confort contemporain. Le ménage est effectué pour chaque séjour, et au moins une fois par semaine. Sur réservation, il vous sera possible d'avoir davantage de services. Vous serez éblouis par la qualité et le nombre de musées environnants (Rodin, Maillol, Orsay, Le Louvre...) Aussi, vous découvrirez plusieurs restaurants (italien, cuisine traditionnelle française, gastronomique, asiatique...), tout comme des fournisseurs de produits alimentaires (boulangeries, boucheries, poissonnerie, cavistes, traiteurs, primeurs...). Au pied de l'immeuble, vous trouverez bon nombre de boutiques de mode, décoration, design tels que C
3504	Charming wooden appartment in a calm street, typical from Paris.	Really charming 55m² appt idealy located between Saint-Germain-des-Prés & Louvre Museum, Orsay museum & Seine river. Full apartment rental for a week or a month in summer. Nigntly rental : you couchsurf our double convertible bed for a good price. Charming wooden appartment in a calm street, typical from Paris. Full appartment rental, free parking in the courtyard (summer). Nightly rental : we share the appartement with you and offer just the convertible couch in the living room That's a familly building, so someone should always be there to help you if needed. The appartment is between Saint Germain des prés and Louvre Museum. You can walk to Orsay Museum (5 mins) or to the Seine river (even closer). One of the nicest, most secure district of Paris The appartment is close to 3 metro lines : - saint germain des prés (L4) - rue du bac (L12) - sèvre babylone (L12 & L10) Also close to RER C (Musée d'Orsay) And many many bus stations.
3505	"This cozy apartment has been designed paying attention to optimize every single corner and the difference of level between the living and the kitchen make the space ""dynamic"". Sofa bed, two working desks, a comfortable bar, a full equipped kitchen, a washing machine, two big windows (lot of light!), the calm of an internal courtyard (the flat is at the ground floor and faces the courtyard, not the street), the charme of an ancient brick wall... all theses details make of this apartment a cozy nest where to stay in Paris, in the exclusive 7th arrondissement. Between the Invalides and the wonderful Luxembourg garden, not far from Saint Germain de Près ( the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets…), close to the famous Beaumarché, la Grande Epicerie de Paris, this rich area has plenty of different atmospheres... up to you to discover them with nice walks! If you have any questions, feel free to c"	"This cozy apartment has been designed paying attention to optimize every single corner and the difference of level between the living and the kitchen make the space ""dynamic"". Sofa bed, two working desks, a comfortable bar, a full equipped kitchen, a washing machine, two big windows (lot of light!), the calm of an internal courtyard (the flat is at the ground floor and faces the courtyard, not the street), the charme of an ancient brick wall... all theses details make of this apartment a cozy nest where to stay in Paris, in the exclusive 7th arrondissement. Between the Invalides and the wonderful Luxembourg garden, not far from Saint Germain de Près ( the famous “Cafes Literaires”, the church of Saint Sulpice, the Quartier Latin, the Odeon theater and plenty of narrow delicious streets…), close to the famous Beaumarché, la Grande Epicerie de Paris, this rich area has plenty of different atmospheres... up to you to discover them with nice walks! If you have any questions, feel free to c"
3506	  Di fronte a Assemblée Nationale pochi passi da Les Invalides & Place Palais Bourbon, un letto king size. Camera da letto e bagno con ampia doccia, soggiorno con divano letto per 2 persone in più. Cucina moderna con forno, forno a microonde, lavastoviglie.   Molto sicuro e vicino a 2 fermate della metropolitana.  	In front of Assemblée Nationale,close to Invalides. 1bedroom king size bed, bathroom with large shower, living room with large sofabed for 2 extra persons. Separate modern kitchen with all appliances. Very quiet, secure and close to 2 metro stops.   Di fronte a Assemblée Nationale pochi passi da Les Invalides & Place Palais Bourbon, un letto king size. Camera da letto e bagno con ampia doccia, soggiorno con divano letto per 2 persone in più. Cucina moderna con forno, forno a microonde, lavastoviglie.   Molto sicuro e vicino a 2 fermate della metropolitana.   It's a very central location and you can walk to many important sites like Musée d'Orsay, Musée Rodin, Invalides Dome and Napoleons Tomb, Place de la Concorde, les Tuileries, Musée Quai Branly...... Station metro: Invalides et Assemblée Nationale. Station RER Station OrlyBus Invalides
3507	This charming recently renovated one-bedroom apartment located in the ultra-chic and residential 7th arrondissement, just steps from Le Bon Marché, the Rodin museum and les Invalides.  With its excellent layout of salon/living area, bedroom, bathroom and fully-equipped kitchenette, it is an excellent choice for two couples or a family. Located on the third floor, this recently refurbished apartment is bright and fresh and comes with all the necessary amenities to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Entrance: Built-in 3mtr wardrobe 2 full length mirrors Kitchen: a Fridge a Freezer an Oven/Microwave an Electric hob a Washing Machine/Dryer a Sink a Toaster an Electric Kettle Dishes and cutlery for 4 people Pots/Pans Cooking utensils Coffee mugs Glasses Salon/Living room: 2.5mtr double sofa bed 4 full-length mirrors a Coffee table a flat-screen tv Bedroom: Queen size bed Desk Swivel chair Bathroom: Shower Hand wash basin mirror WC Free cable TV and high-speed internet connection wit	Located in a very chic and safe neighbourhood just a stone's throw away from the most famous sights of Paris- the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Notre Dame. Ideal for couples/families with young children who wish to explore Paris without breaking the bank! This charming recently renovated one-bedroom apartment located in the ultra-chic and residential 7th arrondissement, just steps from Le Bon Marché, the Rodin museum and les Invalides.  With its excellent layout of salon/living area, bedroom, bathroom and fully-equipped kitchenette, it is an excellent choice for two couples or a family. Located on the third floor, this recently refurbished apartment is bright and fresh and comes with all the necessary amenities to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Entrance: Built-in 3mtr wardrobe 2 full length mirrors Kitchen: a Fridge a Freezer an Oven/Microwave an Electric hob a Washing Machine/Dryer a Sink a Toaster an Electric Kettle Dishes and cutlery for 4 people Pots/Pans Cooking utensils Co
3508	"This ground floor apartment is located in a charming typical parisian building. It has a truly quiet courtyard position in a lively area. Location can't be better, between Invalides and the Eiffel tower, close to the famous pedestrian shopping / market street ""Rue Cler"".You can find all facilities around: food shops, supermarkets, fashion shops...and a lot of restaurants and terraces. Brightly new renovated apartment. Charming and trendy decoration. Last renovation november 2014. Large living room space with large Windows. White and green decoration colors give a brightly atmosphere. The mezzanine is like an elegant tree house. Full high level equipment for 4 people stay. 5th people (child) possible. 30 sq meters + 5 sq meters mezzanine.  One mezzanine double bed (160 centimetres large). A second double bed is available in the living room; the sofa / cupboard hides a real bed you can open within 3 seconds! Please look to the pictures! Full equipped kitchen: hob, oven, fridge, washing m"	"Brightly stylished apartment for 4 persons. Quiet ground floor courtyard position in the heart of the Eiffel Tower area.  This ground floor apartment is located in a charming typical parisian building. It has a truly quiet courtyard position in a lively area. Location can't be better, between Invalides and the Eiffel tower, close to the famous pedestrian shopping / market street ""Rue Cler"".You can find all facilities around: food shops, supermarkets, fashion shops...and a lot of restaurants and terraces. Brightly new renovated apartment. Charming and trendy decoration. Last renovation november 2014. Large living room space with large Windows. White and green decoration colors give a brightly atmosphere. The mezzanine is like an elegant tree house. Full high level equipment for 4 people stay. 5th people (child) possible. 30 sq meters + 5 sq meters mezzanine.  One mezzanine double bed (160 centimetres large). A second double bed is available in the living room; the sofa / cupboard hides "
3509	Appartement de 2 pièces lumineux et neuf, parfaitement situe au cœur du 7eme arrondissement de Paris et bénéficiant d’une superbe vue sur la Tour Eiffel et sur le Sacrée Cœur. De nombreux bus et 2 lignes de métro vous permettrons d’aller partout dans Paris facilement.  Quartier calme, avec deux rues animées ou vous trouverez des restaurants et bars à 5 minutes a pied.	A quiet,New appartement with a slpendid view on the Eiffeil Tower and Montmartre in the 7th arrondissement. Differents touristics sites to go by foot like Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées...  Easy to reach with many differents buses and 2 metros lignes On foot :  5 minutes - Tour Eiffel 10 minutes - Ecole Militaire 15 minutes - Hôtel des Invalides 15/20 minutes - Champs Elysées  Métro : Ligne 8 à l’Ecole Militaire et ligne 9 au Pont de l’Alma Buses : (phone number hidden) In your own bathroom, the shower is in rebuilding, you will have acces to the  other shower, new
3510	Very well furnished this accommodation optimise the space.  Recently new-build. The window turn towards the interior court. The bed is big and really comfortable. Moreover you will have the access to a big art library in the flat.	Luminous flat renovated a few weeks ago ! The neigbourhood is really nice, full of typical little parisian streets and many restaurants, bars and shops. Three minutes away from the Invalides and Varenne metro station (line 13). Very well furnished this accommodation optimise the space.  Recently new-build. The window turn towards the interior court. The bed is big and really comfortable. Moreover you will have the access to a big art library in the flat. You will have access to the entire flat You will be welcomed personnaly, with tips and informations, and I will be available during your stay in Paris if you need anything or any information. Neighborhood: Les Invalides. This is a really peacefull and enjoyable place composed of many little Parisian streets, restaurants, little bistrots, bar and also luxury shops. (delicatessen shop, fashion clothes, famous brands). There is a market located several meters from the flat, a wine shop, one delicatessen shop... You can join by foot the Ri
3511	"The studio is very comfy and quiet.  You'll enjoy a day out in Paris; shopping and visiting and then a calm and authentic diner or ""apéro"" (drinks before dinner!) in my place."	"Entirely renovated studio on the fourth floor (without elevator), situated in the very chic 7th district. Close to subway lines and Bd Saint Germain. The studio is very comfy and quiet.  You'll enjoy a day out in Paris; shopping and visiting and then a calm and authentic diner or ""apéro"" (drinks before dinner!) in my place. I'll be pleased to help for anything during your stay. If you have any question about Paris, or as I use to call it ""my Paris"" (less touristic) don't hesitate to ask! I want to make your stay as beautiful as I can! The studio is in rue de Babylone in the 7th arrondissement. You have 3 different subway lines at less than 10 minutes from my place. It's also very close to Gare Montparnasse. My place is very central, you'll have access to 3 different subway lines, 5 different bus lines and a lot more. The Gare Montparnasse is 12 minutes away by bus. If you want to escape in the beautiful Brittany or the great South West.."
3512	"iDEAL LITTLE STUDIO RIGHT IN THE HEART OF SAINT GERMAIN DES PRES! perfect spot to visit and enjoy Paris in the perfect spirit of ""RIVE GAUCHE"" The Studio is literaly in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, at rue de Verneuil, exactly 10 meters from Mr Gainsbourg's house, the great and famous french composer.  It's right in the center of CARRE RIVE GAUCHE, the famous and chic left bank art and antiques square. The studio is typcly Latin Quarter spirit, on the 6th floor under the roof, with wood on the walls and the floor, it has 2 BALCONNIES where you can sit and enjoy a drink listening to birds singing around, the street being very quiet; THE STUDIO IS VERY BRIGHT AND SUNNY, since you have 3 door windows and a large ceiling window on the bathroom. From morning to night you'll enjoy light and that's a big advantage in greyish days in Paris! You are in the heart of the galeries and antiques streets, alla around you'll find all kinds of art galleries and antiques boutiques, we are in the "	"iDEAL LITTLE STUDIO RIGHT IN THE HEART OF SAINT GERMAIN DES PRES! perfect spot to visit and enjoy Paris in the perfect spirit of ""RIVE GAUCHE"" The Studio is literaly in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés, at rue de Verneuil, exactly 10 meters from Mr Gainsbourg's house, the great and famous french composer.  It's right in the center of CARRE RIVE GAUCHE, the famous and chic left bank art and antiques square. The studio is typcly Latin Quarter spirit, on the 6th floor under the roof, with wood on the walls and the floor, it has 2 BALCONNIES where you can sit and enjoy a drink listening to birds singing around, the street being very quiet; THE STUDIO IS VERY BRIGHT AND SUNNY, since you have 3 door windows and a large ceiling window on the bathroom. From morning to night you'll enjoy light and that's a big advantage in greyish days in Paris! You are in the heart of the galeries and antiques streets, alla around you'll find all kinds of art galleries and antiques boutiques, we are in the "
3513	The studio (one-room apartment) is quite spacious for the parisian average  (30 square meters) and has a big living room with a bed, a sofa, table, a big closet and two big windows toward the street. Also, the apartment has a dinette, a kitchen with a sink, a cooking plate, a small oven, microwave and a washing machine (including dryer). The studio obtains a bathroom with shower, lavatory and toilet.   Bed linen are provided but please bring your own towels for your stay at my apartment . The lovely marais-like apartment is located in the 7th district, in between the Eiffel Tower, the river Seine and Ecole Militaire. It's a five minutes walk to the Eifel Tower. The old building where the apartment is located was once inhabited by the constructors of the Tour Eiffel and has a very charming atmosphere. So has the district where you can find within a 2-3 minutes walk traditional French bakeries, butcher's shops, restaurants, cafés and the always busy rue Cler with its market and many rest	The lovely marais-like apartment is located in the 7th district, in between the Eiffel Tower, the river Seine and Ecole Militaire. 
3514	2 bedrooms of 14m²  in a 71m² and 4 rooms appartment +  1 salon + kitchen opened on dining room + bathroom Very cosy, calm, typicall Parisian ! -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Appartement 4 pièces de 71m² aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet, typiquement Parisien ! Salon séparé avec TV, cuisine équipée ouverte sur un salon/salle a manger, douche, lave linge... ################################################### 	Very calm and cozy apartment in the heart of Paris. 5min walk to the Effeil-tower and 15min to the Champs-Elysees. Lively area close to all services needed. Neighbouring the American Church and AUP in an area where everyone speaks english. 2 bedrooms of 14m²  in a 71m² and 4 rooms appartment +  1 salon + kitchen opened on dining room + bathroom Very cosy, calm, typicall Parisian ! -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Appartement 4 pièces de 71m² aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet, typiquement Parisien ! Salon séparé avec TV, cuisine équipée ouverte sur un salon/salle a manger, douche, lave linge... ################################################### All the appartment My name is Wala, I'm 30yo, I speak english arabic and french I will be there for my guests whenever they need me if not in person then by phone. I like to give hosts nice tips for the city depending on their area of interest. ----------------------------------------------
3515	"The view will grant you with the most soft and impressive woke up of the capitale! Directly in the center of Paris, all areas of the city are easily accessible in less than 10min walk: Tour Eiffel, Le Louvre, Invalides Museum, Tuileries garden, Champs Elysées,  Line 8 is direct to the ""Grand Boulevards"" area, place of most of the theaters and the Opera."	"Close to the Eiffel Tower, Unique view on the Invalides. Charming and quiet studio. The view will grant you with the most soft and impressive woke up of the capitale! Directly in the center of Paris, all areas of the city are easily accessible in less than 10min walk: Tour Eiffel, Le Louvre, Invalides Museum, Tuileries garden, Champs Elysées,  Line 8 is direct to the ""Grand Boulevards"" area, place of most of the theaters and the Opera. The whole flat is for rent. Including kitchen, bathroom, private WC, coffee machine, fridge... The neighborhood is as quiet as living! In the evening, the Seine River dock are pretty much animated with restaurant, bars and people dancing around. In the morning, the market of the Rue Clerc, where local fresh food is available, is open everyday. Despite, the flat is very quiet: sleeping with the window open won't wake you up except by the sun and birds of the park. Metro stations: ""La tour Maubourg"", Line 8, at 20m. ""La Varenne"", Line 13, at 100m. ""Invalid"
3516		 Studio 18 m², rue de l Exposition dans le 7 ème arrondissement, au 5 e étage française d'un immeuble du 20 ème siècle et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Cet appartement est entièrement équipé avec wifi, tv, ascenseur,  Vaisselle
3517	The flat has five windows, all around an ancient, quiet and paved court yard. Wooden floor. Fire-place and 70' decoration.  	"Central in Paris and located in the antiquarians area, 90 square meters flat in charming 19th century aristocratic mansion house. Spacious living room, dining room with library. View on a quiet and paveled atrium. Bath and home cinema.   The flat has five windows, all around an ancient, quiet and paved court yard. Wooden floor. Fire-place and 70' decoration.  Home cinema, with a collection of more than 300 DVDs Near Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Seine river, Tuileries garden, Luxembourg garden. Close to the best cafés, restaurants, boutiques and art galleries. Antique dealers all around.    Subway until station ""Rue du Bac"" (line n°12) or until station ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"" (line n°4) or RER until station ""Musée d'Orsay"" (line C) In Taxi, go to rue de Verneuil through rue des Saints Pères."
3518	This is a very prestigious and luxury neighborhood, home to several embassies and consulates, yet almost a private street, with little traffic. Your neighborhood is rich in stores, shops, with a great bakery and butcher just around the corner. There are several cafes and restaurants within a few minutes stroll; less than 10 minutes. Just a minute walk from your building lies the expanse of the Champs de Mars, a beautiful large park and gardens that sits between the Ecole Militaire and the Tower.  You are sure to admire the building, every time you go in. It is a posh, elegant, turn of the 20th century hand-carved stone façade apartment building with beautiful iron and glass entry doors, carpeted and marble floors and an antique wood and iron elevator. Luckily though, you will not need to use this, as you will be on the same ground floor as the street, towards the back of the building. There is excellent security in the entry of the building, for this secluded neighborhood. Your apartme	You will gaze up at the Eiffel Tower every morning when exiting this gorgeous building, from this truly Parisian apartment that features a very quiet and relaxing stay for those who seek peace of mind and tranquility!     This is a very prestigious and luxury neighborhood, home to several embassies and consulates, yet almost a private street, with little traffic. Your neighborhood is rich in stores, shops, with a great bakery and butcher just around the corner. There are several cafes and restaurants within a few minutes stroll; less than 10 minutes. Just a minute walk from your building lies the expanse of the Champs de Mars, a beautiful large park and gardens that sits between the Ecole Militaire and the Tower.  You are sure to admire the building, every time you go in. It is a posh, elegant, turn of the 20th century hand-carved stone façade apartment building with beautiful iron and glass entry doors, carpeted and marble floors and an antique wood and iron elevator. Luckily though, 
3519	Building of very high standing at the bottom of a courtyard. The environment is very secure, as the building is located in the Ministerial area. The apartment is very bright and particularly calm. It is on the first floor. There is an elevator in the building. Paris apartment of 130 m2 consisting of three bedrooms. The entrance leads into a large kitchen / dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the dining room has a large table to accommodate up to 8 guests. From this room, it is possible to access a small private patio. The lounge is composed of several sofas with a large flatscreen. One of the couch is a convertible sofabed (140×200). The first bedroom has two single beds. The second, with a double bed, can be reached from the first one but also has an independent entrance. Finally, the third bedroom, only accessible from the second one, has a single bed with a small bathroom which contains a toilet. The main bathroom has a tub and is accessible independently from the first t	In the heart of the sparkling Saint Germain des Pres district, a lovely three bedroom Paris apartment to rent on the first floor. Perfect for a family vacation rental in Paris. Building of very high standing at the bottom of a courtyard. The environment is very secure, as the building is located in the Ministerial area. The apartment is very bright and particularly calm. It is on the first floor. There is an elevator in the building. Paris apartment of 130 m2 consisting of three bedrooms. The entrance leads into a large kitchen / dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the dining room has a large table to accommodate up to 8 guests. From this room, it is possible to access a small private patio. The lounge is composed of several sofas with a large flatscreen. One of the couch is a convertible sofabed (140×200). The first bedroom has two single beds. The second, with a double bed, can be reached from the first one but also has an independent entrance. Finally, the third bedroom, 
3520	Cosy, fonctionnel et avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel, ce studio est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Les métros et bus sont tout proches, ainsi que beaucoup de lieux touristiques : la Tour Eiffel, les Invalides, les Champs-Elysées, les quais de Seine (et le fameux bateau-mouche), la Concorde, le Jardin des Tuileries et j'en passe !  Right in the center of Paris, this cozy flat with view on the Eiffel Tower is the perfect place to explore Paris. The subway is at 200m, and you have nearby a lot of touristic spots, such as : the Eiffel Tower (7-minute walk), the Champs-Elysées (12-minute walk), the Invalides (5-minute walk), the Bateau-Mouche (10-minute walk) and so on.	Charmant studio très central, au pied de la Tour Eiffel, proche des Champs-Elysées, rue calme à 100m d'une grande rue commerçante ! Tous transports. Peut loger 2 personnes, idéal pour les couples.  Hôtesse accueillante qui connaît bien Paris ! Cosy, fonctionnel et avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel, ce studio est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Les métros et bus sont tout proches, ainsi que beaucoup de lieux touristiques : la Tour Eiffel, les Invalides, les Champs-Elysées, les quais de Seine (et le fameux bateau-mouche), la Concorde, le Jardin des Tuileries et j'en passe !  Right in the center of Paris, this cozy flat with view on the Eiffel Tower is the perfect place to explore Paris. The subway is at 200m, and you have nearby a lot of touristic spots, such as : the Eiffel Tower (7-minute walk), the Champs-Elysées (12-minute walk), the Invalides (5-minute walk), the Bateau-Mouche (10-minute walk) and so on. - Cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur & congélateur, micro-ondes, mini-four, plaques
3521	12m² room in a 71m² and 4 rooms appartment + 1 salon + kitchen opened on dining room + bathroom Very cosy, calm, typicall Parisian ! -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Chambre de 12m² dans un appartement 4 pièces de 71m² aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet, typiquement Parisien ! Salon séparé avec TV, cuisine équipée ouverte sur un salon/salle a manger, douche, lave linge... ###################################################	"Very calm and cozy apartment in the heart of Paris. 5min walk to the Effeil-tower and 15min to the Champs-Elysees. Lively area close to all services needed. Neighbouring the American Church and AUP in an area where everyone speaks english. 12m² room in a 71m² and 4 rooms appartment + 1 salon + kitchen opened on dining room + bathroom Very cosy, calm, typicall Parisian ! -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Chambre de 12m² dans un appartement 4 pièces de 71m² aux poutres apparentes, accueillant et douillet, typiquement Parisien ! Salon séparé avec TV, cuisine équipée ouverte sur un salon/salle a manger, douche, lave linge... ################################################### From Orly airport : Bus : 45min / 19€ Taxi : 25min / 30€ From Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport : Bus+metro : 1h30 / 21€ Taxi : 40min / 45€ From all parisian train stations : By métro, station ""La Tour Maubourg"", on line 8, 100m ayay from the appartment, ticket price 1,70€ -----"
3522	Big and comfortable apartment with great view situated in the heart of one of the most exciting part of Paris. Sleeps 4 to 5 people comfortably. It is a beautiful, large and very well lit apartment right on the boulevard saint germain.  It is 50sqm with a separate living room + kitchen. It is located on the 4th floor with two large windows in the living room that open out on the boulevard giving you a stunning view of the  Eglise St Germain des pres right in front and a large window in the bedroom too. And because it is important, when the windows are shut, it is very calm and quiet, perfect for a relaxing weekend break with all of the amenities you'd expect at home. 	Big and comfortable apartment with great view situated in the heart of one of the most exciting part of Paris. Sleeps 4 to 5 people comfortably. It is a beautiful, large and very well lit apartment right on the boulevard saint germain.  It is 50sqm with a separate living room + kitchen. It is located on the 4th floor with two large windows in the living room that open out on the boulevard giving you a stunning view of the  Eglise St Germain des pres right in front and a large window in the bedroom too. And because it is important, when the windows are shut, it is very calm and quiet, perfect for a relaxing weekend break with all of the amenities you'd expect at home. The flat is a stone's throw from the left bank of the river seine where on summer evenings, lovers, friends and visitors alike all come to relax with a bottle of wine, listen to the seductive strumming of guitar players and seduce each other in only the way the french can. And if an alfresco picnic of freshly baked baguett
3523		charming and cosy studio at eiffel tower perfect for couples . the only conveniance is that the studio is on the 55th floor without elevator. but u got a great view on the eiffel tower.
3524	Description : Comfortable apartment in the center of Paris, close to Palais Bourbon and Invalides. Calm with a classic and elegant interior design. Ideal for couple. With 645 ft², it consists of an all-in-one space including a living room, a kitchen and a bedroom. The latter is appointed in a quiet alcove where you will rest on a comfortable double bed. The sofa bed in the living room can accommodate one person more. A storage unit is at your disposal. Fully fitted kitchen with: hoven, microwave hoven, fridge, freezer, induction hotplates, dishwasher, washing machine. Bathroom with bathtub and washbowl. A hair dryer is at your disposal, as well as an iron with its board. The apartment is on the 1st floor GB (2nd floor US) and double windows will protect against the noise. Location : Ideally located, close to several metro stations including Invalides and Assemblée Nationale (Lines 8, 12, 13, RER C), you will quickly reach any area of Paris. Line 12 will take you straight to Montmartre 	Cosy appartment at the heart of Paris (Palais Bourbon, Invalides). Calm, functional, with a classic and elegant design. Ideal for couple. Two blocks from Orsay or Rodin museums, or from the warm ambiance of the Gros-Caillou district. Description : Comfortable apartment in the center of Paris, close to Palais Bourbon and Invalides. Calm with a classic and elegant interior design. Ideal for couple. With 645 ft², it consists of an all-in-one space including a living room, a kitchen and a bedroom. The latter is appointed in a quiet alcove where you will rest on a comfortable double bed. The sofa bed in the living room can accommodate one person more. A storage unit is at your disposal. Fully fitted kitchen with: hoven, microwave hoven, fridge, freezer, induction hotplates, dishwasher, washing machine. Bathroom with bathtub and washbowl. A hair dryer is at your disposal, as well as an iron with its board. The apartment is on the 1st floor GB (2nd floor US) and double windows will protect ag
3525	CHECK IF THIS APARTMENT IS SUITABLE TO YOUR NEEDS : - The space can accommodate up to three persons and a 3 years old baby. - The apartment is on the 2nd and last floor without elevator.  BEDDING (see Beds Setup section for more details): - In the bedroom two persons can sleep in a bed of great comfort that can be setup to suit your needs, either 1 double bed or 2 single beds. If you have your baby up to 3 years, she or he can sleep safely in a cot/playpen. - In the living room one person about 160 cm tall (63 in) can sleep on the couch, with a great comfortable due to the thick mattress topper. **** APARTMENT ********************************************** This charming, comfortable, spacious and fully equipped one bedroom apartment is part of 4 private apartments in a white stone 2 stories building with its zinc and slate roof. The main entrance of the building is secure and can be opened with a magnetic access badge that we will give you. Once you arrive on the 2nd and last floor by 	Is your dream to live as a real Parisian in the heart of the City of Lights? Come stay in this private apartment, spacious and charming, located in the center of Paris in a quiet, elegant and safe neighborhood... and so close to everything! CHECK IF THIS APARTMENT IS SUITABLE TO YOUR NEEDS : - The space can accommodate up to three persons and a 3 years old baby. - The apartment is on the 2nd and last floor without elevator.  BEDDING (see Beds Setup section for more details): - In the bedroom two persons can sleep in a bed of great comfort that can be setup to suit your needs, either 1 double bed or 2 single beds. If you have your baby up to 3 years, she or he can sleep safely in a cot/playpen. - In the living room one person about 160 cm tall (63 in) can sleep on the couch, with a great comfortable due to the thick mattress topper. **** APARTMENT ********************************************** This charming, comfortable, spacious and fully equipped one bedroom apartment is part of 4 pri
3526		The flat is at a 5mn walk of the Louvres, the Orsay museum and Saint Germain. Very well known for its restaurants, the district
3527	Le studio de 22m² est très ensoleillé et sa vue sur la rue piétonne du Champs de Mars lui donne un coté « village » typique des immeubles blancs de 4 étages du quartier. Il est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Son parquet en pointes de Hongrie et les tomettes dans l’entrée lui donnent son esprit ancien. Vous apprécierez son canapé-lit convertible avec un véritable matelas confortable pouvant acceuillir deux personnes. Un grand placard-penderie offre un rangement très pratique. La salle de bain est séparée, très ensoleillée, comprenant une douche, un lavabo et un WC. Le linge de maison est fourni: couette, housse de couette, serviettes de bains, torchons, etc... La cuisine est très agréable, ouverte sur le studio et bien équipée: réfrigérateur (90cm) avec compartiment congélation, lave-linge, micro-onde, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pain, 2 plaques de cuisson électriques, plan de travail en bois, vaisselle et accessoires de cuisine, planche et fer à repasser ainsi qu'une t	Vous apprécierez ce charmant studio de 22m² au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus animés et prisés de la capitale, très ensoleillé situé à 50 m de la rue Cler avec ses traiteurs et bistrots les meilleurs de Paris, les supermarchés pas chers, à 7/8mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides, du Grand Palais. Parquet à l'ancienne et tomettes, il est dans l'esprit du quartier chic simple et ancien. Douillet et confortable, cuisine bien équipée, il vous attend comme à l'hotel. Le studio de 22m² est très ensoleillé et sa vue sur la rue piétonne du Champs de Mars lui donne un coté « village » typique des immeubles blancs de 4 étages du quartier. Il est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Son parquet en pointes de Hongrie et les tomettes dans l’entrée lui donnent son esprit ancien. Vous apprécierez son canapé-lit convertible avec un véritable matelas confortable pouvant acceuillir deux personnes. Un grand placard-penderie offre un rangement très pratique. La salle de bain est séparée, très ens
3528		Very clean, newly refurbished and luminous apartment right on the chic and famous  Rue Saint Dominique just steps away from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de mars, La Fontaine de Mars.... I
3529	On the third floor with elevator, this elegant one bedroom apartment is the perfect choice for short stays in the prestigious area of Saint-Germain des Prés. Recently refurbished to provide you all the comfort you need, the accomodation features a small entrance corridor adjoining the open and fully equipped kitchen, the warm and bright living room and the bedroom with double bed (150*190). A shower room is accessible from the bedroom.	As cosy as trendy, this recently refurbished apartment in Saint-Germain des Prés features a spacious living with sofa bed adjoining a modern and fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with double bed and a shower room with toilets On the third floor with elevator, this elegant one bedroom apartment is the perfect choice for short stays in the prestigious area of Saint-Germain des Prés. Recently refurbished to provide you all the comfort you need, the accomodation features a small entrance corridor adjoining the open and fully equipped kitchen, the warm and bright living room and the bedroom with double bed (150*190). A shower room is accessible from the bedroom. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay On the border of Sai
3530	The studio is on the 5th floor (no elevator), in a very quiet building.  It features a queen size bed, a desk and a small table with a couple of chairs.  Just like in a hotel room, there is no kitchen but a fridge and tableware, enough for a breakfast or cold meal. The closet is pretty large and has both shelves and hangers. The bathroom only has a shower but it gets the job done.	Located in the heart of the super chic 7th arrondissement (rue de Varenne), this bright and comfy studio is within a stone's throw from Le Louvre, Musée Rodin and Musée d'Orsay which makes it ideal for people eager to see major cultural landmarks. The studio is on the 5th floor (no elevator), in a very quiet building.  It features a queen size bed, a desk and a small table with a couple of chairs.  Just like in a hotel room, there is no kitchen but a fridge and tableware, enough for a breakfast or cold meal. The closet is pretty large and has both shelves and hangers. The bathroom only has a shower but it gets the job done.
3531	Avec une ravissante vue sur les toits de Paris, le Grand Palais et même la Tour Eiffel en se penchant un peu par la fenêtre, ce studio est idéalement situé dans un quartier vivant et commerçant, au carrefour de plusieurs lieux hautement touristiques. Confortable et calme, au 6ème étage sur cour, le studio est entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, lave linge, lave vaisselle, baignoire, table de salle à manger, canapé,...). Il peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes.	Charmant studio lumineux et confortable, avec vue sur les toits, au cœur de Paris; à 10 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel, des Champs Elysées et de la Concorde. Peut accueillir 2 personnes, dans une rue vivante et commerçante, typiquement parisienne! Avec une ravissante vue sur les toits de Paris, le Grand Palais et même la Tour Eiffel en se penchant un peu par la fenêtre, ce studio est idéalement situé dans un quartier vivant et commerçant, au carrefour de plusieurs lieux hautement touristiques. Confortable et calme, au 6ème étage sur cour, le studio est entièrement équipé (cuisine équipée, lave linge, lave vaisselle, baignoire, table de salle à manger, canapé,...). Il peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes.
3532	Lovely studio apartment in a great location, with a sofa bed, equipped kitchen, measuring 20 meters (215 SF), for 1 or 2 people. Located in the 7th quarter, on a very calm and safe street, 4 min walking from metro station Ecole Militaire on line 8, and 15 min walking to metro station La Motte-Picquet Grenelle on lines 6, 8 and 10.  No elevator, apartment on 1st floor.  Toilets are in the bathroom.  Located less than 1 km from the Eiffel Tower (10 min by foot), Le Bon Marché (23 min), Invalides (15 mn), Musée Rodin.  2 km from Montparnasse, Rue de Rennes, Boulevard Saint Germain, Museum D'orsay, Museum Du Louvre, Tuileries and Luxemburg Gardens, Concorde, Champs Elysees and much more.  Bars, restaurants and grocery stores within 1 block. Great atmosphere !! Included:  Wi-Fi, hot water 24H, shower, refrigerator, closet, washing machine, toaster, microwave.  The street where the apartment is located is very calm and safe. It is next to both quiet and lively streets (rue Cler with its grea	The studio is located in a very calm street next to the main shops, cafés and restaurants, in the living area of Paris 7th (rue Cler, rue Saint Dominique, etc)
3533	"50 meters from a wonderful pedestrian street with typical French restaurants and ""cafés"". 200 meters from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower."	"A 10 sqm private room for one person located in a 90 sqm appartment. Kitchen and bathroom are shared with the family (retired couple). 50 meters from a wonderful pedestrian street with typical French restaurants and ""cafés"". 200 meters from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Access to the whole appartement (shared with the family). Open to share with you the best adresses in the area and Paris. We speak French, English and Spanish. In the heart of the 7th ""arrondissement"" of Paris. The best place for familes and upper class. Direct access to : Champs Elysées, Champs de Mars, Eiffeil Tower, ambassies, as well as many french typical restaurants and cafés. Métro : La Tour-Maubourg Bus : (phone number hidden),  RER (suburban train) : Pont de L'Alma Air France bus : (Invalides stop)"
3534		Idéalement situé au pied de la Tour Eiffel pour du tourisme ou pour passer quelques mois à Paris sans trop de contrainte.  Immeuble de standing, calme, bien fréquenté près commerces et restaurants.
3535	Appartement calme et cosy dans le plus beau quartier de Paris Sa situation à st germain des près  Quartier anime  Shopping  Vie nocturne  Métro  Bus 	Appartement calme et cosy dans le plus beau quartier de Paris Appartement calme et cosy dans le plus beau quartier de Paris Sa situation à st germain des près  Quartier anime  Shopping  Vie nocturne  Métro  Bus Quartier anime  Shopping  Vie nocturne  Métro  Bus 
3536		Charming little studio near the Bon Marché store in a quiet building. Near subway and bus stations. Central location for tourism and shopping. I leave the guests live their lives, but most of the year I am available to help them. I usually pass once a month for the rent or the checkup. This is a very central yet calm neighborhood, with three metro lines at walking distance, many buses, shops and a neighborhood life. three metro lines : 4,12 and 10 at walking distance, many buses : (phone number hidden) The studio is rented mainly for students to Alliance Française, Sorbonne, Institut Catholique, Ecole Ferrandi or Gourmet School. The studio is rented on holidays to tourists. Electricity and water are charged on guests use.
3537	Of all of the streets, boulevards, and avenues in Paris, there are only a few that have worldwide name recognition. The Boulevard St. Germain is perhaps the best known Parisian street, aside from the Avenue des Champs-Elysées of course. Having an address on the Boulevard St. Germain, high above the bustle, yet just a couple of blocks away from the Assemblée Nationale and the Place de la Concorde, is hard to beat. The ideal situation for visitors, whose time is precious, is to avoid wasting time in transit to get into the city’s historic center. Here, you just walk out your door and you are there, right where the action is. The Orsay Museum is just down the street; the Louvre Museum is just across the river; and the Place St. Germain des Près is only a few blocks down the boulevard.  Having ample living space is a luxury in Paris, particularly if that space is in the historic center of the Left Bank on the Boulevard St. Germain. What’s nice about our ST GERMAIN CONCORDE property is that	Spacious, calm and elegant, this 1300 sq ft apartment will give you room to relax!  In the heart of the city, the location puts all of Paris at your doorstep. 2 bedrooms/2 bath, sleeps 4. Of all of the streets, boulevards, and avenues in Paris, there are only a few that have worldwide name recognition. The Boulevard St. Germain is perhaps the best known Parisian street, aside from the Avenue des Champs-Elysées of course. Having an address on the Boulevard St. Germain, high above the bustle, yet just a couple of blocks away from the Assemblée Nationale and the Place de la Concorde, is hard to beat. The ideal situation for visitors, whose time is precious, is to avoid wasting time in transit to get into the city’s historic center. Here, you just walk out your door and you are there, right where the action is. The Orsay Museum is just down the street; the Louvre Museum is just across the river; and the Place St. Germain des Près is only a few blocks down the boulevard.  Having ample livin
3538	Located on the 1st floor with elevator, this luxurious 150 m² apartment embodies Parisian luxury. Fully renovated and decorated in a chic contemporary design scheme, it features three large bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with a separate WC, a home cinema, and a walk-in closet. Unlimited high-speed internet access is provided, along with a cable and telephone package.  The entry hallway opens up to the living room and dining room. The bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, wash-room and walk-in closet are located to the left. One bedroom features a European king-sized bed (1.8m), which can detach into two twin beds, and the others feature European queen-sized beds (1.6 m). One bathroom contains a bath, a shower, and double vanities. The other contains a shower and single vanity. A separate toilet is located between the two.  The magic here is in the details: the high ceilings, crown moldings, stone fireplaces, French doors, and sumptuous bathrooms all add up to create an idyllic ambiance. Whether you are	A rare property! Spacious 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, in prime location!   Located on the 1st floor with elevator, this luxurious 150 m² apartment embodies Parisian luxury. Fully renovated and decorated in a chic contemporary design scheme, it features three large bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with a separate WC, a home cinema, and a walk-in closet. Unlimited high-speed internet access is provided, along with a cable and telephone package.  The entry hallway opens up to the living room and dining room. The bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, wash-room and walk-in closet are located to the left. One bedroom features a European king-sized bed (1.8m), which can detach into two twin beds, and the others feature European queen-sized beds (1.6 m). One bathroom contains a bath, a shower, and double vanities. The other contains a shower and single vanity. A separate toilet is located between the two.  The magic here is in the details: the high ceilings, crown moldings, stone fireplaces, French doors, and sumpt
3539	Spacious 2 room ground floor apartment in 19th C classified building (Haussman style) with high ceilings and decorative wall molding, ceiling rosettes and wood parquet floors. Located on a very quiet street with 4 windows, 2 in each room. There are two marble fireplaces with high gold leaf mirrors that add an extra dimension to the already spacious living area (35 sq m) and bedroom. The living area contains a large sofa and two soft chairs, a small dining table, a bureau for your computer (Wi-fi)and stereo unit (for your MP3, iPod or phone). A very comfortable Queen size bed (new 2012) plus flat screen TV (cable) and DVD player in the bedroom. There is also a futon-style couch that may be used as additional sleeping area in the living area. The kitchen is small, but functional with Nespresso coffee machine and toaster oven. There is also a washer/dryer and lots of cabinets and utensils. Although there is no window, there is a fan above the cooking area. The bathroom has a toilet, sink 	This 66 sq meter apt is so centrally located that you can practically visit places without going outside! Quite street, with awesome restaurants, some of the best museums and shops 10 min walk. Large living/dining room, wifi, high ceilings, quiet st. Spacious 2 room ground floor apartment in 19th C classified building (Haussman style) with high ceilings and decorative wall molding, ceiling rosettes and wood parquet floors. Located on a very quiet street with 4 windows, 2 in each room. There are two marble fireplaces with high gold leaf mirrors that add an extra dimension to the already spacious living area (35 sq m) and bedroom. The living area contains a large sofa and two soft chairs, a small dining table, a bureau for your computer (Wi-fi)and stereo unit (for your MP3, iPod or phone). A very comfortable Queen size bed (new 2012) plus flat screen TV (cable) and DVD player in the bedroom. There is also a futon-style couch that may be used as additional sleeping area in the living area
3540	ideal pour un couple avec enfant , appartement double salon salle a manger , cuisine ,salle de bains,wc separes  une grande chambre grand lit 160 ou deux 90cm , une chambre communicante equipee d un petit lit . duree minimum une semaine  ideal pour un couple avec enfant , appartement double salon salle a manger , cuisine ,salle de bains,wc separes  une grande chambre grand lit 160 ou deux 90cm , une chambre communicante equipee d un petit lit . duree minimum une semaine  Appartement dans sa totalite  Malheureusement je ne suis pas sur place ! mais je suis disponible par telephone ou par mail montparnasse est un quartier central , vivant , proche de tous les transports et de lieux culturels Il sera demande une attestation d assurance responsabilite civile , et 500 e de caution a verser en espece a l arrivee 	ideal pour un couple avec enfant , appartement double salon salle a manger , cuisine ,salle de bains,wc separes  une grande chambre grand lit 160 ou deux 90cm , une chambre communicante equipee d un petit lit . duree minimum une semaine  ideal pour un couple avec enfant , appartement double salon salle a manger , cuisine ,salle de bains,wc separes  une grande chambre grand lit 160 ou deux 90cm , une chambre communicante equipee d un petit lit . duree minimum une semaine  Appartement dans sa totalite  Malheureusement je ne suis pas sur place ! mais je suis disponible par telephone ou par mail montparnasse est un quartier central , vivant , proche de tous les transports et de lieux culturels Il sera demande une attestation d assurance responsabilite civile , et 500 e de caution a verser en espece a l arrivee  Appartement dans sa totalite  Malheureusement je ne suis pas sur place ! mais je suis disponible par telephone ou par mail montparnasse est un quartier central , vivant , proche de 
3541	A south facing 2 windows in main room, with separate bathroom in excellent condition, carefully and thoroughly decorated in SEPTEMBER 2012. The sleeping part has A QUEEN SIZE BED and a sofá bed for 2 of 140 x 190 cm. It also offers a flat screen TV,  The washing-machine is inside the large cupboard of the main room. The tiled kitchen part is equipped with induction hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee makers, micro-waves, all the essential kitchenware and tableware. The beautiful bathroom, finely tiled with large nozzle, wash-basin and toilet. Linen and towels are provided for. We speak French, Spanish, English and Portuguese 	One of the best central location in PARIS ST GERMAIN DES PRES & LOUVRE SEINE very well located apartment 33m²on the Rue VERNEUIL some meters of  RUE SAINTS PERES/THE SEINE RIVER/THE LOUVRE MUSEUM The house of Serge GAINSBOURG are in front building. A south facing 2 windows in main room, with separate bathroom in excellent condition, carefully and thoroughly decorated in SEPTEMBER 2012. The sleeping part has A QUEEN SIZE BED and a sofá bed for 2 of 140 x 190 cm. It also offers a flat screen TV,  The washing-machine is inside the large cupboard of the main room. The tiled kitchen part is equipped with induction hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee makers, micro-waves, all the essential kitchenware and tableware. The beautiful bathroom, finely tiled with large nozzle, wash-basin and toilet. Linen and towels are provided for. We speak French, Spanish, English and Portuguese Closest METRO: St GERMAIN DES PRES on the line 4. It is the perfect place if you want some quiet place to res
3542	Appartement near St germain des près in a quiet street, behind Hôtel Matignon (prime minister house) Appartement on court on the 1st floor (with elevator) presenting a beautiful little terrace It is very near le Bon marché and other shops in St germain area (5 min), Rodin museum and Maillol museum (about 10 min) and for your trip about 15/20 walking from gare montparnasse The closest subway stations are Sèvres babylone (Line 10 et 12), Vaneau (line 10) et St François Xavier (line 13) - 43 m2. Perfect for couple - 140 width bed - Very quiet, 1st floor with elevator - Well kept and modern decoration - Washing machine, Tv and wifi internet connexion - Equipped kitchen (frige/freezer, induction, oven, micro-wave) and all you need for cooking and having diner - Bathroom with bath - Linen of bed and towels are provided For an atypic tour of Paris, please contact a friend, Christine Polini, on her great website in english: besmartinparis  Ask me if you need more informations	Appartement near St germain des près in a quiet street, behind Hôtel Matignon (prime minister house) Appartement on court on the 1st floor (with elevator) presenting a beautiful little terrace Appartement near St germain des près in a quiet street, behind Hôtel Matignon (prime minister house) Appartement on court on the 1st floor (with elevator) presenting a beautiful little terrace It is very near le Bon marché and other shops in St germain area (5 min), Rodin museum and Maillol museum (about 10 min) and for your trip about 15/20 walking from gare montparnasse The closest subway stations are Sèvres babylone (Line 10 et 12), Vaneau (line 10) et St François Xavier (line 13) - 43 m2. Perfect for couple - 140 width bed - Very quiet, 1st floor with elevator - Well kept and modern decoration - Washing machine, Tv and wifi internet connexion - Equipped kitchen (frige/freezer, induction, oven, micro-wave) and all you need for cooking and having diner - Bathroom with bath - Linen of bed and to
3543	"Charming Studio in the center of prestigious 7th district, close to the main Paris attractions: Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Invalide or the Seine river. You will enjoy your stay in this calm and central area. We are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!  situated on the 1st Floor with Lift in an Haussmanien Building Ideal for couples, friends and business travellers that want everything at reach Studio area is 23 m2  This ground floor apartment is located in a charming typical parisian building. It has a truly quiet courtyard position in a lively area. Location can't be better, between Invalides and the Eiffel tower, close to the famous pedestrian shopping / market street ""Rue Cler"".You can find all facilities around: food shops, supermarkets, fashion shops...and a lot of restaurants and terraces."	"This is a lovely and very simple apartment, but extremely well located; only 1 minute walk from the Champs de Mars and 3 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower. 5 minutes from Invalides Charming Studio in the center of prestigious 7th district, close to the main Paris attractions: Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Invalide or the Seine river. You will enjoy your stay in this calm and central area. We are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !!  situated on the 1st Floor with Lift in an Haussmanien Building Ideal for couples, friends and business travellers that want everything at reach Studio area is 23 m2  This ground floor apartment is located in a charming typical parisian building. It has a truly quiet courtyard position in a lively area. Location can't be better, between Invalides and the Eiffel tower, close to the famous pedestrian shopping / market street ""Rue Cler"".You can find all facilities around: food shops, supermarkets, fashion shops...and a lot of restauran"
3544		Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and Quai Branly Museum. Contemporary modern appartment with a 100m² living/dining room/kitchen with designed furniture Comfortably sleeps 8 people and  3 bathrooms Cleaning fee: 200€ Caution: 5000€
3545	40sqare meter flat convenient and charming with a nice living room, a fully equiped kitchen and a separate bedroom, the bathroom is very pleasant.	40sqare meter flat convenient and charming with a nice living room, a fully equiped kitchen and a separate bedroom, the bathroom is very pleasant. wifi, internet, music books and kitchen equipments (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, fridge...) by email 
3546	"Stunning appartment, in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, featuring very high levels of finishing and decoration. Has been presented in Elle Decoration a few years ago. 70 m2 of apartment which has the feel of an extraordinary hotel suite, completed with an extraordinary 40 m2 of terrace which will give you the impression to be in the south of France, while being right in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  Exceptional setting for aperitif or diner ""al fresco"", or simply to enjoy a nice sunny afternoon at home, reading, resting, or simply chatting with friends around a nice bottle of wine… 1 bedroom, 1 living room, en suite bathroom, separate WC for guest, one state-of-the-art  fully equiped Dine-in kitchen, including Fridge, dish washer, over, wine cellar, washing machine. Located steps away from the Seine RIver, the musee d'orsay, place Saint Germain des pres, this location also offers an outstanding number of excellent restaurants and bar at less than 5 minutes walk… Whether yo"	"A stunning 70q meters ""hotel suite"" with additional 40sq meters terrace that will make you forget you are 5 minutes away from St Germain des Pres and 1 minute walk away from the Seine River ! A little Parisian Gem .... Stunning appartment, in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, featuring very high levels of finishing and decoration. Has been presented in Elle Decoration a few years ago. 70 m2 of apartment which has the feel of an extraordinary hotel suite, completed with an extraordinary 40 m2 of terrace which will give you the impression to be in the south of France, while being right in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres.  Exceptional setting for aperitif or diner ""al fresco"", or simply to enjoy a nice sunny afternoon at home, reading, resting, or simply chatting with friends around a nice bottle of wine… 1 bedroom, 1 living room, en suite bathroom, separate WC for guest, one state-of-the-art  fully equiped Dine-in kitchen, including Fridge, dish washer, over, wine cellar, washing "
3547		"TV, Internet wireless, dishwasher, kettle and toaster ! You have everything around : supermarket open everyday, very good ""boulangerie"" at the corner open on Sunday (very nice if you want to have a good fresh baguette for your breakfast !)... And all kind of shops within 10min walk (clothes, antique, furniture, shoes...) Metro line 13 stop at Duroc or line 10 stop at Vaneau or Duroc. Buses 39, 70 or 87 (email hidden) Romain Buses 82 or 92 stop at Oudinot Buses 28 or 89 stop at Hopital des enfants malades. To plan your journey : (email hidden)"
3548	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your towels. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (web
3549	Close to the Musee D'Orsay	Rue de Lille is one of the most chic streets in Paris, Musee d'Orsay is just two minutes walk and La Seine is just one block for this place, on the 1st with elevator, this amazing one bedroom, one bathroom for 4 people, all comfort, Bus and Metro 
3550	The whole condo is new since March 2014, which is rare in Paris.  The property is secured by a 24-hours doorman and several security cameras. 	Stunning new apartment in the centre of Paris, in a secured condo with private gardens, historical landmark and a 24h doorman.  It comprises a bedroom with en-suite bathroom and balcony, and a large living-room with TV area and open-plan kitchen. The whole condo is new since March 2014, which is rare in Paris.  The property is secured by a 24-hours doorman and several security cameras.  - Fully equipped modern apartment, with towels and sheets. Plus access to the private gardens. - During working hours, the condo's private gardens communicate with the Catherine Labouré public garden, famous for its ecological vegetable garden and orchard. - A parking spot is also available on request. - Guests can contact me by phone or email. Right in between Paris 6th and 7th arrondissements, it offers a prime location both for sightseeing and shopping. Several historical buildings at walking distance, including: - Les Invalides/the Invalides (15 mins) - L'école militaire/ the military school (20 min
3551	Emplacement idéal dans un quartier à la fois calme et sympathique. Logement idéal pour un couple, très lumineux avec tout le confort nécessaire.	Emplacement idéal dans un quartier à la fois calme et sympathique. Logement idéal pour un couple, très lumineux avec tout le confort nécessaire. Accès à tout le logement sans aucune interdiction : frigo, cuisinière, micro-ondes, four, salle de bain toute neuf avec douche, lavabo, machine à laver.  1 lit double + 1 lit simple, draps, couettes, oreilles inclus. Tout le nécessaire y est, et même bien plus ! On ne sera pas présent dans le logement pendant le séjour de nos voyageurs, mais nous les rencontrerons une fois avant leur entrée dans le logement. Le quartier est à la fois calme et très sympa avec quelques bars et restaurants à ne pas manquer. Le logement est idéalement situé, entre quelques quartiers différents et très sympa : Sèvres Babylone, Saint germain, Montparnasse et Invalides. Métro Vaneau (10) et Duroc (13) à 2min Métro Sèvres (12), Falguière (12) à 5min Métro Montparnasse à 10min Préférence pour les longues durées (supérieur à 3 jours)
3552	"Ideally located between the Eiffel Tower / Parc du Champs de Mars and the famous Place des Invalides,  in the heart of the Left Bank, in the corner of the busy shopping rue Saint Dominique and Rue Cler. Living room with dining table for 6 people 2 bedrooms including 1 for rent ( 14 M2 with a double bed )  1 fully equipped kitchen, with open bar Large bathroom with sink, shower and bath Separate toilet. 2nd floor of a 6-floors ""Art Deco"" style Parisian building"	"1 of the 2 bedrooms is for my guests, preferably for 1 woman. Ideally located in the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower / Parc du Champs de Mars and the famous Place des Invalides,  in the heart of the Left Bank, close to the busy shopping rue Saint Dominique and Rue Cler. 10 mn walk to Champs Elysee. 2 bedrooms, 1 for rent Ideally located between the Eiffel Tower / Parc du Champs de Mars and the famous Place des Invalides,  in the heart of the Left Bank, in the corner of the busy shopping rue Saint Dominique and Rue Cler. Living room with dining table for 6 people 2 bedrooms including 1 for rent ( 14 M2 with a double bed )  1 fully equipped kitchen, with open bar Large bathroom with sink, shower and bath Separate toilet. 2nd floor of a 6-floors ""Art Deco"" style Parisian building Linen and towels provided Free Wifi, Broadband unlimited access included. Premium bedding. flat screen TV Bang & Olufsen music CD player And radio I am usually present for the checkin and checkout an"
3553	Studio comprenant : Pièce à vivre avec une grande banquette-lit 2 places, munie d’un couchage de grande qualité avec oreillers, couette et draps.  Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée avec tous les produits de base nécessaires, produits d’entretien, torchons, hotte, plaques vitrocéramique, machine à laver, frigo, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire, planche et fer à repasser, aspirateur. Une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, toilettes, radiateur mural, sèche-cheveux, serviettes de toilette et tapis de bain. Un bureau, TV haute qualité, internet wifi. Un placard avec penderie et étagères. Une table et 2 chaises pliantes si vous ne désirez pas manger sur le petit bar et les tabourets ! Pour les sportifs, une barre de gym, une grande glace et un tapis pour s’étirer avant une course au Champs de Mars ! Bien sûr c’est non fumeur… 	Location d’un studio Paris 7 au pied de la Tour Eiffel, entièrement équipé 23 M2 RdC sur cour, refait à neuf en 2015. Bel immeuble bourgeois, deux entrées, digicode, interphone, double vitrage. Son charme vous fera oublier que c'est une location ! Studio comprenant : Pièce à vivre avec une grande banquette-lit 2 places, munie d’un couchage de grande qualité avec oreillers, couette et draps.  Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée avec tous les produits de base nécessaires, produits d’entretien, torchons, hotte, plaques vitrocéramique, machine à laver, frigo, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire, planche et fer à repasser, aspirateur. Une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, toilettes, radiateur mural, sèche-cheveux, serviettes de toilette et tapis de bain. Un bureau, TV haute qualité, internet wifi. Un placard avec penderie et étagères. Une table et 2 chaises pliantes si vous ne désirez pas manger sur le petit bar et les tabourets ! Pour les sportifs, une barre de gym, une grande gla
3554	My apartment is very quiet, lightly, and just 100 m from the famous Eiffel Tower	Fully luxury equiped, washmachine, speed internet, Air Conditionning, kingsize bed  ( 160x200 ), 1 room double bed ( 80x200 each), one room 1/2 bed, 1 convertible sofa ( 160x200) in the dining room, single bed (70x200) in small bedroom for one My apartment is very quiet, lightly, and just 100 m from the famous Eiffel Tower My guest have acces to all the apartment! Of course i am ready to share my passion for Paris with my guest Rue saint Dominique, rue Cler Eiffel tower, Invalides, Musee d'orsay, champs de Mars, rue de Grenelle Metro ligne 8 ecole militaire Metro Alma Marceau RER ligne C champs de mars Velib Boat
3555	Mon studio est loué depuis 2001. De nombreux étudiant y ont passé de très bon moments. De part sa situation et le confort offert au locataires, ils n'ont jamais regretté leur choix.  Toutes les nationalités se sont croisées, français bien sûr, américains, canadiens, japonais, chinois, russes, brésiliens, argentins, anglais, africains, indiens....j'en oublie certainement... A vous maintenant..!	"Hello, Please see the pics of my studio, perfect deal for short stay in the most exciting district of Paris, the 7th, plenty of bars, restaurant and the most ""must see"" La Tour Eiffel! Wifi, TV , hot water and eating permanent, bathroom with WC, micro wave, hot plates, water boiler. Mon studio est loué depuis 2001. De nombreux étudiant y ont passé de très bon moments. De part sa situation et le confort offert au locataires, ils n'ont jamais regretté leur choix.  Toutes les nationalités se sont croisées, français bien sûr, américains, canadiens, japonais, chinois, russes, brésiliens, argentins, anglais, africains, indiens....j'en oublie certainement... A vous maintenant..! Pendant votre séjour, je suis disponible par téléphone, email etc.. Je peux me rendre rapidement sur place pour vous aider à régler des choses su besoin. Le quartier a été appelé ""Gros Caillou"" (""Big Stone"") dés le 18è siècle. Il est au carrefour des zones très Bourgeoise et du quartier populaire de la rue Cler. C'est"
3556	Furnished with made-to-measure furnishings and exquisite attention to detail and Italian design, this 30m2 studio apartment presents an elegant atmosphere, in which the use and optimization of space offers the luxury of having a real “living room” by day and “bedroom” by night.  The apartment rotates around one main room, accessed through a foyer, characterized by two large windows, a wide built-in designer closet, and a charming Parisian fire place. To one end of the room is the built-in kitchen corner, with light wooden cabinets and fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven and dishwasher, and complete with a large mirror to maximize light and space, whilst to the other side is the sitting area, complete with a table for 4 and a large 2m black leather couch (used as a single bed for a third guest if needed – only for children up to 12 years of age), facing the lovely fireplace and TV corner. The left hand side of the room boasts two large windows, which brighten 	Superb studio apartment accommodation in Paris with view of the Eiffel Tower, entirely renovated and refurbished, located on the 4th floor of a building (with elevator) adjacent to the Champs de Mars, in the chic and elegant 7th district. Furnished with made-to-measure furnishings and exquisite attention to detail and Italian design, this 30m2 studio apartment presents an elegant atmosphere, in which the use and optimization of space offers the luxury of having a real “living room” by day and “bedroom” by night.  The apartment rotates around one main room, accessed through a foyer, characterized by two large windows, a wide built-in designer closet, and a charming Parisian fire place. To one end of the room is the built-in kitchen corner, with light wooden cabinets and fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven and dishwasher, and complete with a large mirror to maximize light and space, whilst to the other side is the sitting area, complete with a table for 4 and a
3557	Péniche avec terrasse sous la Tour Eiffel avec tout le confort d'un appartement.	Vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel, à 100 m du Métro cette Péniche est idéale pour accueillir une famille de 5 personnes dans un lieu atypique. Paris autrement. Péniche avec terrasse sous la Tour Eiffel avec tout le confort d'un appartement. Parking gratuit  Métro Alma arceau A votre écoute A proximité de  la tour Eiffel - du Trocadero  - du Grand Palais - des Champs Elysées - du Palais de Tokyo - du Musée Branly - Arc de triomphe ... Idéale pour une famille de  2 adultes 3 enfants (ou plus) ...
3558		Very nice recently renovated 50 sqm flat fully furnished in the 7th, 50 meters away from the Invalides and 200 meters from the Eiffel Tower. Two bedrooms, one double bed, one single bed. The kitchen and the bathroom are fully equipped and clean. Safe, clean and very calm area close to the sights Invalides, Eiffel Tower (Champs de Mars), Musée d'Orsay, Louvre. Line 8: Metro École militaire/Tour Maubourg (50 meters) Ground floor. No towel provided.
3559	 Flat of 22Msq and is really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only as a luxury hotel SuiteRoom , and not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal/private owner's stuff !!! All flats are listed since 2005 in some several serious travel guide books up date every year... Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !),fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay!    Luxury studios, for short and long terms rental by direct owner... Fully furnished and recently renovated, clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited local and international phone calls,free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry washer machine,equiped kitchen with refrigerator,micro-waves,coffee-maker,hair dryer,ect.. Apartment strictly Non smoking ! ...Paris 7eme Arrondissement,entre Invalides et Ecole Militaire...Trés beaux et luxueux studios, a cinq minutes de la Tou	"...In the heart of the 7Th District... One of the best and typical ""Quartier parisien""... Near The Eiffel Tower, Invalides Dome, Rodin museum, Champs de Mars park and the famous and typical parisian Rue CLER market... Luxury studios for rental... Flat of 22Msq and is really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only as a luxury hotel SuiteRoom , and not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal/private owner's stuff !!! All flats are listed since 2005 in some several serious travel guide books up date every year... Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !),fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay!    Luxury studios, for short and long terms rental by direct owner... Fully furnished and recently renovated, clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited local and international phone calls,free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry"
3560	en plein cœur de Paris, à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier chic du 7ème arrondissement, au calme sur un jardin, baigné de soleil, grand standing	Dans résidence de haut standing, appartement de 38 m² entièrement sur jardin avec petite terrasse aménagée exposition sud et disposant d'un parking dans l'immeuble. Décoration élégante et raffinée; équipements sophistiqués. Sécurité, Calme, Standing. en plein cœur de Paris, à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier chic du 7ème arrondissement, au calme sur un jardin, baigné de soleil, grand standing Accès exclusif à l'appartement (website hidden), accès haute définition cablé Internet, branchement musique mp3, cuisine entièrement équipée (machine à laver vaisselle, frigo, four multifonctions, plaques, Nespresso,...) Interdiction de fumer: possibilité uniquement sur la terrasse. je serai à l'accueil des voyageurs pour leur confier clés, consignes et conseils marché typique rue Cler, choix large de bons restos, boutiques fashion sympas, tour Eiffel, Invalides et Quai de Seine à 2 pas. Metro et bus Les atouts de mon appartement: la localisation, la sécurité, la tranquillité (sur magnifiq
3561	Charming and very quiet appartement  on the ground floor ( 1 room, living room and bathroom) of a typical parisian building. A quiet neighbourhood, from 5 minutes by metro from the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars.  You could join the Champs Elysée. You could join Madeleine, Opéra, Concorde by the subway line 8 in several minutes. No smoking  No pets	"Charming and very quiet appartement  on the ground floor ( 1 room, living room and bathroom) of a typical parisian building. A quiet neighbourhood, from 5 minutes by metro from the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars.  You could join the Champs Elysée. You could join Madeleine, Opéra, Concorde by the subway line 8 in several minutes. No smoking  No pets The appartment is located in front of subway line 8 (stop : Ecole militaire )  A ""Vélib"" station (Bicycle you can rent for 1,70€ a day) is also located in front of the appartment.  You can find around supermarket ( Carrefour City), typical french bakery, pharmacy, tobaco shop, banks, and also bars and parisian restaurant. The appartment is perfect to welcome 2 or 3 personnes.( 1 sofa bed in the living room) metro : Ecole militaire ligne 8 close from everywhere Characteristic:   - One bedroom with one queen size bed.   - One large sofa bed in the living room  - American kitchen well equipped ( microwaves and coffee machine)   - Bathroom, wit"
3562	L'appartement est très bien agencé, très agréable à vivre et très fonctionnel. Cuisine et salle de bain équipées. Wifi, linge, café et thé à disposition. Emplacement parfait pour les visites à pied :  - Tour Eiffel : 2 min - Pont de l'Alma : 7 min (pratique pour prendre le RER pour Versailles) - Invalides : 5 min - Berges de Seine : 7 min (parfait pour les piques-niques d'été)	Studio tout équipé  idéalement situé sur cour(2 min à pied du champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel; 7 min à pied du pont de l'Alma). Immeuble calme des beaux quartiers, proche de tous commerces, restaurants et bars.  Idéal pour visiter Paris ! L'appartement est très bien agencé, très agréable à vivre et très fonctionnel. Cuisine et salle de bain équipées. Wifi, linge, café et thé à disposition. Emplacement parfait pour les visites à pied :  - Tour Eiffel : 2 min - Pont de l'Alma : 7 min (pratique pour prendre le RER pour Versailles) - Invalides : 5 min - Berges de Seine : 7 min (parfait pour les piques-niques d'été) Vous aurez à disposition tout le studio. J'accueille les voyageurs et donne conseils et recommandations avec plaisir. Le quartier est l'un des plus beaux de Paris et comprend plein de commerces de proximité et de restaurants de qualité pour tous les budgets. La proximité avec le Champ de Mars permet de belles ballades. Métro les plus proches : École Militaire (L8) et Alma Mar
3563	Charming, great location - Paris at your feet.	Quiet one-bedroom 2nd-floor walk-up on rue de Grenelle near rue Cler and the lovely green grocers, cafés and boutiques - stone's throw from the Eiffel Tower, les Invalides, Quai Branly, etc... Queen bed, shower, kitchenette.  M° Tour Maubourg Charming, great location - Paris at your feet. You will have the one-bedroom flat all to yourself. We are happy to help if you have questions before arriving, want recommendations on what to see, where to go, restaurants, bars, theatre, etc...  We're always just a phone call away, and can be over within 10 minutes if need be. How can one describe this area in a few lines?  Imagine waking up and sleepily going downstairs - as you open the door to rue de Grenelle you're drawn across the street by the seductive smell of fresh bread, pastries...and then you hear laughter down the street...so you continue exploring.  The smell of fresh ground coffee requires that you stop for a quick espresso on the corner of rue Cler and rue de Grenelle before being i
3564	The apartment itself is small (15m²/160ft²), but it has all the essentials you'll need for your stay, including a kitchen corner, a queen sofa bed, small table for two, and a bathroom. The kitchen corner with a 2 burner stove top, microwave, dishes, cutlery and glasses, offers all you need to prepare a light meal using some of the freshest ingredients you'll find anywhere.  Of course, you'll have lots of options from cafes, restaurants and brassieres should you not want to have to cook while on holiday!  The bathroom includes a huge hot water tank to ensure you long warm showers to help ease any aches after a long day sightseeing. 	My cozy apartment is located just steps away from the famous rue Cler market street in the heart of this village-like neighborhood and right next to the Eiffel Tower! If you dream to stay on one of Paris' chicest streets, here's your chance!    The apartment itself is small (15m²/160ft²), but it has all the essentials you'll need for your stay, including a kitchen corner, a queen sofa bed, small table for two, and a bathroom. The kitchen corner with a 2 burner stove top, microwave, dishes, cutlery and glasses, offers all you need to prepare a light meal using some of the freshest ingredients you'll find anywhere.  Of course, you'll have lots of options from cafes, restaurants and brassieres should you not want to have to cook while on holiday!  The bathroom includes a huge hot water tank to ensure you long warm showers to help ease any aches after a long day sightseeing.  --------------------------------------- Guest access The windows are double paned, so the apartment is very quiet. 
3565	Our apartment is located in central Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower in a lovely neighborhood, with public transportation nearby. If you are looking for an ideal location in Paris for your holidays or business travels our apartment in the 7th district is the perfect choice. We offer you a completely renovated apartment constructed in the early 20th century, with 2 bedrooms with double beds, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, and a living room with a sofa which can be converted in a comfortable double bed. There is ample space for 6 persons in this apartment of more than 60 square meters (over 650 square feet). The apartment is located in a typical Parisian street, and just a few steps away from excellent neighborhood stores such as a traditional bakery, grocery stores, and great restaurants. If you are coming to Paris for one of the many tradeshows, Porte de Versailles is close by, and the Paris-Nord Villepinte expo can easily be reached by train (RER). All the important tourist att	Our recently renovated apartment from the early 20th century is located just a few steps from the Eiffel Tower. It is located in a quiet street close to traditional neighborhood shops, such as a bakery, grocery stores, and. Do you want to fully enjoy Our apartment is located in central Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower in a lovely neighborhood, with public transportation nearby. If you are looking for an ideal location in Paris for your holidays or business travels our apartment in the 7th district is the perfect choice. We offer you a completely renovated apartment constructed in the early 20th century, with 2 bedrooms with double beds, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, and a living room with a sofa which can be converted in a comfortable double bed. There is ample space for 6 persons in this apartment of more than 60 square meters (over 650 square feet). The apartment is located in a typical Parisian street, and just a few steps away from excellent neighborhood stores such as a tr
3566	2-room apartment, 40 square meters, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between Les Invalides and the Eiffel Tower and a few steps from bustling 6th arrondissement. The apartment: Renovated, comfortable, fully equipped except dishwasher so TV, washing machine, microwave, oven, hob, kettle. Furnished. A double bed and a sofa bed. Unlimited internet. Large bedroom. Nice bathroom with large shower. Separate WC. Elevator. Guardian. Location: close to the tourist places like the Champ de Mars, the Eiffel Tower, the Ecole Militaire, Les Invalides and the vibrant 6th and 5th. Nearest Metro: Ecole Militaire (line 8), Segur (line 10) and St. Francis Xavier (line 13); Around: Small nice restaurants, shops useful quiet neighborhood, a neighborhood cinema.	2 bedroom apartment, quiet and in the heart of Paris, between Les Invalides and the Eiffel Tower and a few steps from the lively 6th arrondissement.  2-room apartment, 40 square meters, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between Les Invalides and the Eiffel Tower and a few steps from bustling 6th arrondissement. The apartment: Renovated, comfortable, fully equipped except dishwasher so TV, washing machine, microwave, oven, hob, kettle. Furnished. A double bed and a sofa bed. Unlimited internet. Large bedroom. Nice bathroom with large shower. Separate WC. Elevator. Guardian. Location: close to the tourist places like the Champ de Mars, the Eiffel Tower, the Ecole Militaire, Les Invalides and the vibrant 6th and 5th. Nearest Metro: Ecole Militaire (line 8), Segur (line 10) and St. Francis Xavier (line 13); Around: Small nice restaurants, shops useful quiet neighborhood, a neighborhood cinema.
3567	"The location is next to the mythic ""Grande Epicerie du Bon Marche"", the most famous restaurant and Bistrot (Robuchon, Cafe de Flore, les 2 Maggots…), all fashion shopping, cinemas, traditional market 3 times a week. A walk along the Seine River will conduct you to all the main museum : Louvre, Orsay, Orangerie… and historic monument, 2mn walking from the building, there are 3 metro stations (Rue du Bac, Sévres-Babylone and Saint Germain des Prés), and 8 different bus line going all over Paris; The building is a Paris « Hotel Particulier ». The flat itself was lived by famous writer and politician André Malraux who wrote « La condition Humaine » while living there. The apartment has been outfitted by the owner, a French architect, with all the modern amenities and comforts, while retaining the old world charm of this historic 18th century building. Parquet floors, sunlight, 4.5m (14.8 fleet) and 3m (9 foot) high ceilings, terra cotta, ancient wood beams, 18th century French antiques and"	"The building is a Paris 18th century ""Hotel Particulier"". This sumptuous 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms apartment, huge 170 sqm, is located on the exclusive rue du Bac in the heart of the famous Saint-Germain-des-Prés in the chic 7th district. The location is next to the mythic ""Grande Epicerie du Bon Marche"", the most famous restaurant and Bistrot (Robuchon, Cafe de Flore, les 2 Maggots…), all fashion shopping, cinemas, traditional market 3 times a week. A walk along the Seine River will conduct you to all the main museum : Louvre, Orsay, Orangerie… and historic monument, 2mn walking from the building, there are 3 metro stations (Rue du Bac, Sévres-Babylone and Saint Germain des Prés), and 8 different bus line going all over Paris; The building is a Paris « Hotel Particulier ». The flat itself was lived by famous writer and politician André Malraux who wrote « La condition Humaine » while living there. The apartment has been outfitted by the owner, a French architect, with all the modern ame"
3568	Ce logement est très bien situé à Paris. Bien que ce soit un studio, il comporte une mezzanine avec un  lit king size.  Le quartier est très calme et tranquille.	"Charming apartment in a quiet center of Paris with the top of the Eiffel Tower view. The studio is located in the safe and very calm street. Apartment is clean and functional in an old stylish building. Ce logement est très bien situé à Paris. Bien que ce soit un studio, il comporte une mezzanine avec un  lit king size.  Le quartier est très calme et tranquille. La station de métro Varenne se trouve à 3 min du logement et la station Invalides à 6 min.  Vous pouvez me contacter soit par mail soit par téléphone. Je suis toujours disponible Le musée Rodin est situé à 50 mètres. Vous pouvez pic niquer sur la pelouse des Invalides devant le plus beau pont de Paris ""Alexandre III"" et le grand Palais. En été des bars éphémères se placent sur les berges en dessous du Pont Alexandre III. Il y a une superbe ambiance.  La rue Cler n'est pas loin avec sa rue piétonne et ses restaurants terrasses.  Le Bon Marché et St. Germain des Près sont très proches. Métro et bus sont à côté.  Varenne : ligne 1"
3569		Au calme dans un quartier animé, l'appart' I bénéficie d'une vue sur les toits, donnant sur une cour arrière.  Fonctionnel, simple, il est accueillant et chaleureux.
3570	60 sq meters in a quiet area and safe neighborhood. Shops/ bakery/ supermarket at walking distance.  2 bedrooms: mine & yours! 1 nice terrasse with table Modern kitchen and trendy living room, you will feel like home.	60sqm flat just few minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. Modern & cozy. You can see the tower from your room (double bed), living room and the terrasse.  It is a lovely area close to some Parisian main attraction: Seine RIver, Invalides, Eiffel.. 60 sq meters in a quiet area and safe neighborhood. Shops/ bakery/ supermarket at walking distance.  2 bedrooms: mine & yours! 1 nice terrasse with table Modern kitchen and trendy living room, you will feel like home. All the flat except my room! NO outside guest allowed in the flat. I will be happy to exchange with you about my country or travelling in general. The 7th arrondissement is famous to be a Posh area, however I love it because it is quiet, peaceful, beautiful and very Parisian! Located betwen the nice Invalides square and the Eiffel tower. It is also 20m from a promenade near the Seine River! Love it!!  Few street away you have the street Clerc, a very french walking street (cheese store, bakery, flower shop...) From CDG Airport: Op
3571	Exceptionnal and prestigious adress in the 7th arrondissement, rue de LILLE.  Right behind ORSAY Museum, 10 mn walking from St Germain des Pres.  Superbe apartment, all NEW, in a old typical parisian building totally remodeled, ultra safe, double building door coded + concierge.  5th floor with elevator. One bedroom separate with private bathroom.  Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher. A/C. Free WIFI, FREE phone, english channels.  Assistance 7/7 24/24. 	Fantastic 5 stars apartment all remodeled, luxurious, prestigious rue de LILLE, behind ORSAY Museum. Huge one bedroom, 5 th floor with elevator, A.C, wahser/dryer, dishwasher, WIFI   Exceptionnal and prestigious adress in the 7th arrondissement, rue de LILLE.  Right behind ORSAY Museum, 10 mn walking from St Germain des Pres.  Superbe apartment, all NEW, in a old typical parisian building totally remodeled, ultra safe, double building door coded + concierge.  5th floor with elevator. One bedroom separate with private bathroom.  Kitchen fully equipped. Washer/dryer, dishwasher. A/C. Free WIFI, FREE phone, english channels.  Assistance 7/7 24/24. 
3572	This flat offers very high quality equipment, this is a typical classical design style of a parisian apartment. Room is equipped with a 160 cm large bed, an sofa bed in the living room is 140 cm large.  Kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, oven, induction cooktop, dish washer, toaster, nespresso coffee machine, large fridge. You will have acces of a small relaxation place with sofa and TV. Bathroom is spacious with a large italian shower	This nice renovated flat offer a perfect location in one of the most prestigious area of Paris a few steps from the Invalides in a nice residential This flat offers very high quality equipment, this is a typical classical design style of a parisian apartment. Room is equipped with a 160 cm large bed, an sofa bed in the living room is 140 cm large.  Kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, oven, induction cooktop, dish washer, toaster, nespresso coffee machine, large fridge. You will have acces of a small relaxation place with sofa and TV. Bathroom is spacious with a large italian shower you will have the whole flat for you with all he equipment. Since we will not be in Paris during your stay , you will be welcomed and helped by the OhMyGuest team, who will be glad to provide their best recommendations and secrets to the best spots in the city! We will be glad to welcome you and make sure your experience in Paris is truly unforgettable! this location is really unique, just a few steps 
3573	The apartment total surface area is 52m² and is located in a quiet street o the 7th district. It is composed of a bedroom, a full bathroom, a living room, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.  There is also a washer and dryer available in the apartment.	Charming one bedroom, one bathroom just next to the Eiffel tower in the 7th district of Paris. it is located in the rue de l'Exposition in a very calm neighborhood, perfect as a homebase. Two weeks rentals minimum. The apartment total surface area is 52m² and is located in a quiet street o the 7th district. It is composed of a bedroom, a full bathroom, a living room, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.  There is also a washer and dryer available in the apartment. The full apartment is available to guests. We always meet our renters upon arrival and remain available for any problem during their stay. The apartment is very centrally located. Just next to the Eiffel tower and other sight seeings but very quiet. The closest metro station is the line 8, Ecole Militaire. We can meet you during office hours (Mon-Sat, 10h-19h); however, arrivals on Sundays, holidays, and after 7pm on any day of the week incur a cash fee: 50€ before 22h, 75€ after 22h.
3574	"You will enjoy a very rare and unique view on the St Francois Xavier church and the Invalides dome. The apartment is very spacious with one large bedroom, 1 bathroom, two separate toilets and a very spacious living room with a couch-bed.  The decoration is cosy and inspired by a love for antiques and travels in Asia. The building is an ""années folles"" ancient theater entirely made out of varnished wood inside. "	"This 90 sq.m romantic, sun-lit and elegant 2-bedrooms apartment overlooks the roofs of Paris, the St Francois Xavier church and the dome of the Invalides. At the center of Paris, it is 15 min away from St Germain, rue Cler and the quais de Seine You will enjoy a very rare and unique view on the St Francois Xavier church and the Invalides dome. The apartment is very spacious with one large bedroom, 1 bathroom, two separate toilets and a very spacious living room with a couch-bed.  The decoration is cosy and inspired by a love for antiques and travels in Asia. The building is an ""années folles"" ancient theater entirely made out of varnished wood inside. Guest will have access to all the amenities of the flat but the dressing room (tiny space after the room) will be closed and not accessible. I will try to be present upon their arrival and departure as much as possible and will leave customized advice according to their taste and length of stay The VIIème arrondissement is a central,  his"
3575	Beautiful classic French apartment in Saint Germain with a fantastic view on a XVIII th century heritage building. 	75m2 flat in the heart of Paris near Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Seine river & Tuileries garden. The flat is pure french style with high ceilings and wooden floors.  Decorated with style you'll definitely feel at home if you love design pieces ;) Beautiful classic French apartment in Saint Germain with a fantastic view on a XVIII th century heritage building.  Central location accessible easily by any means of transportation. Full check in and check out Very central location near Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Seine river, Tuileries garden, Luxembourg garden. Close to the best cafés, restaurants, boutiques and art galleries. Area especially appreciated for designer boutiques and antique dealers. METRO Solférino 04 min walk Rue du Bac 05 min walk NEIGHBOURHOOD SHOPS CHEESE -VAndrouet fromagerie 37 Rue de Verneuil 75007 Paris - 02 min walk BAKERY - Keyser boulangerie 18 Rue du Bac, 75007 Paris- 02 walk WINE - Nicolas caviste 12 Rue du Bac - 02 min walk FRUIT & VEGETABLES - Au Verger d'Alice 
3576	My appartment is cosy and fully furnished. You won't need to bring towels or to buy some necessity stuff. Relax and enjoy Paris, from the very best neighborhood.	Welcome to my home sweet home ! Walk along the street St Dominique and join the Champ de Mars in 5 minutes, or see the Champs Elysees in 15 minutes.  Safe neighbourhood and a great place to stay to discover Paris. Enjoy ! My appartment is cosy and fully furnished. You won't need to bring towels or to buy some necessity stuff. Relax and enjoy Paris, from the very best neighborhood. The 7th arrondissement of Paris is very chic, but also quiet. From there, you can visit a lot of famous places just by walking. You won't be afraid to come home late, this is very safe. The neighborhood is friendly, and there are many great places to eat and shops where you can find french specialities.  Metro La Tour-Maubour, Invalides, Ecole Militaire.  Ligne 8, 13, RER C Car Air France  The cleaning fees are low, I would like to keep them like this. Please wash the dishes and make sure everything is okay when you leave. The objective is not to spend a day cleaning after each reservation.
3577	The apartment has two bedrooms. Both Bedrooms have double size beds. One full bathroom with toilet. There is a family room with television, DVD player and hi-speed Internet access. The kitchen has all mod cons. The tasteful and charming decor is relaxing and inviting with a mix of contemporary and antique furniture. The location is superb for exploring Paris, shopping and fine dining. OVERVIEW : ** Location : Right on the champs de Mars and 2 blocks from the Eiffel Tower. ** Ambiance : very calm with an amazing view. ** 1st Bedroom : Double Size Bed ** 2nd Bedroom : Double Bed ** 1 Living Room : Sofas ** Furnished Kitchen ** Sleeps : up to 3 people. ** Wonderful Sunny view direct on the Champs de Mars and next to the Eiffel Tower !!! ** Towels and Bedsheets provided ** Free Wifi Internet Connection *MINIMUM STAY 7 NIGHTS at all times, shorter stays accepted if the booking fits with our calendar.	The apartment has two bedrooms. Both Bedrooms have double size beds. One full bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub/shower. There is a family room with a television, DVD player and hi-speed Internet access. The kitchen has all modern appliances and is fully-equipped with all utensils needed to prepare a meal in the comfort of your own apartment.   The charming decor leaves a relaxing and inviting impression.  The furniture is a tasteful mix of contemporary and vintage.   The location is superb for exploring Paris's famous sights and for enjoying shopping and fine dining.  OVERVIEW : ** Location : Right on the Champs de Mars park and 2 blocks from the Eiffel Tower. ** Ambiance : very calm with an amazing view. ** 1st Bedroom : Double Size Bed ** 2nd Bedroom :  Double Size Bed ** 1 Living Room : Sofas, television, DVD player ** Fully equipped kitchen Kitchen ** Sleeps : up to 3 people. ** Wonderful sunny view direct on the Champs de Mars Park next to the Eiffel Tower !!! ** Towels and
3578	The newly renovated apartment is located in an early 20th century (Hausman style) buiding. The hallway contains a dressing room. All the main rooms have French windows giving out on a balcony. The kitchen has a breakfast bar and there is a dining table for 4 in the living room.	This luxury 2 bedroom apartment is conveniently located nearby the Eiffel Tower. Restaurants, cafés in rue Cler, a market street, are also on your doorstep. The ideal way to (re)discover Paris. The newly renovated apartment is located in an early 20th century (Hausman style) buiding. The hallway contains a dressing room. All the main rooms have French windows giving out on a balcony. The kitchen has a breakfast bar and there is a dining table for 4 in the living room. The nearest métro stations are Latour Maubourg and École Militaire on line 8 - Balard Créteil. I will welcome you at your arrival. Born in Paris, I'm eager to give you all the informations you need to have a perfect time in Paris, book you tickets online for exhibitions, indicate the local restaurants etc. The Eiffel Tower is only 300 meters away as well as Invalides. On the doorstep, rue Cler is a lively market street with restaurants and cafés. It is the perfect location to visit Paris. Métro stations: Latour Maubourg a
3579		Charmant appartement de deux pièces (32m²) idéalement situé entre l'Hôpital Necker et les Invalides. A 15mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel 
3580	This one bedroom apartment of 30 square meters (approximately 323 square feet) is situated on rue Valadon, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. (The rue Valadon is at the corner of the famous rue de Grenelle). On the the 3rd French floor of a quiet and safe building, the flat is composed of a living/dining room (view on a lovely tree-filled courtyard), a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom facing the courtyard too and a bathroom adjoining to the bedroom. The apartment is very quiet and shinny due to the exposition at south, the decoration is neat and it can welcome up 4 people with all the modern comfort. The 7th arrondissement of Paris is one of the most luxurious district of the French capital. The nearest metro is Ecole Militaire (not so far from the RER Pont de l'Alma).	1 bedroom apartment in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, one of the most luxurious district of the French capital. A perfect place for a leisure or business trip. It can welcome up 4 persons. This one bedroom apartment of 30 square meters (approximately 323 square feet) is situated on rue Valadon, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. (The rue Valadon is at the corner of the famous rue de Grenelle). On the the 3rd French floor of a quiet and safe building, the flat is composed of a living/dining room (view on a lovely tree-filled courtyard), a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom facing the courtyard too and a bathroom adjoining to the bedroom. The apartment is very quiet and shinny due to the exposition at south, the decoration is neat and it can welcome up 4 people with all the modern comfort. The 7th arrondissement of Paris is one of the most luxurious district of the French capital. The nearest metro is Ecole
3581		Grand 4 pièces entre tour Eiffel et invalides. refait à neuf, composé de deux chambres (4 couchages) un salon une salle à manger, 2 salles de bains et une grande cuisine. Ascenseur, rue très commerçante
3582	This beautiful apartment is perfectly located.  In the bedroom: there is a main bed, a very high quality French double bed, a part of the external wall was cleaned from the plaster to display the original white stones used as building material. A small Japanese garden with a bamboo tree was installed where the fireplace was before. There is also a table and chair to work, a library with English guides of Paris, updated information about Paris and several books from the English (language) and a wardrobe. All in colonial style. In the living room: there is a second bed, a double sofa bed. There is also a convertible table (from 2 to 4) a TV, DVD, CD.. The kitchen is equipped with a high quality induction double hot plate, combined oven/microwave, fridge and everything for 4 adults including ancient porcelain. As the original construction stones on the wall was beautiful, it was painted with a transparent painting.  The Bathroom is covered with sand stone and brick color marbles. It is eq	This beautiful apartment is perfectly located.  In the bedroom: there is a main bed, a very high quality French double bed, a part of the external wall was cleaned from the plaster to display the original white stones used as building material. A small Japanese garden with a bamboo tree was installed where the fireplace was before. There is also a table and chair to work, a library with English guides of Paris, updated information about Paris and several books from the English (language) and a wardrobe. All in colonial style. In the living room: there is a second bed, a double sofa bed. There is also a convertible table (from 2 to 4) a TV, DVD, CD.. The kitchen is equipped with a high quality induction double hot plate, combined oven/microwave, fridge and everything for 4 adults including ancient porcelain. As the original construction stones on the wall was beautiful, it was painted with a transparent painting.  The Bathroom is covered with sand stone and brick color marbles. It is eq
3583	room at the 5th floor (no lift), WC on the floor, shower in the room, Internet via cable, refrigerator, microwave, oven, bed (one person) 	I rent a room for two or tree days usually for week-end, sometimes also during the holidays room at the 5th floor (no lift), WC on the floor, shower in the room, Internet via cable, refrigerator, microwave, oven, bed (one person) entire independent room I'll just give you the key Solferino, line 12, pas loin de RER musée Orsay The room fits better for one person who is ready to use the stairs, however possible for two tiny person for a short term It you are not ready to sleep on one person-size bed, please bring your sleeping bag 
3584	Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 600 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and la tourmaubourg. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsa	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 600 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and la tourmaubourg. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. inside of a private garden the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all s
3585		Studio with 20 square meters located at Avenue de Tourville in the 7th arrondissement.
3586	Amazing apartment in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower! Your room is spacious and well designed. Artistic! Ideal for a couple or one person. Surrounded by shops, cafes, restaurants, and museums. Champs de Mars only a few minutes away! Charming apartment with creative artwork. Bath and Kitchen. You will have towels, shampoo and Sunday breakfast (only ones)!  Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Eiffel Tower and only few minutes from Invalides or the Champs Elysée. The apartment is clean and well organized: equipped kitchen ( washing machine, microwave), bathroom with the bath, new very comfortable convertible sofa for two persons, dining room fool of paintings, fast Wi-Fi. The room is really spacious, much bigger than you can feel on the picture.  5 min to tube stations Ecole Millitaire (line 8), La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 10, 6, 8) and 10 min to RER C station Pont d'Alma et tube station line 9 Alma Marceau. Available parking. City bike stations in nearby.  Within short walking dista	Amazing room in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower! Your room is spacious and well designed. Ideal for a couple or one person. Surrounded by shops, cafes, restaurants, and museums. Park Champs of Mars only a one minute away! River Seine, boats and metro Amazing apartment in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower! Your room is spacious and well designed. Artistic! Ideal for a couple or one person. Surrounded by shops, cafes, restaurants, and museums. Champs de Mars only a few minutes away! Charming apartment with creative artwork. Bath and Kitchen. You will have towels, shampoo and Sunday breakfast (only ones)!  Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Eiffel Tower and only few minutes from Invalides or the Champs Elysée. The apartment is clean and well organized: equipped kitchen ( washing machine, microwave), bathroom with the bath, new very comfortable convertible sofa for two persons, dining room fool of paintings, fast Wi-Fi. The room is really spacious, much bigger than you can feel on the pictu
3587	Cosy and spatious studio with eiffel view terrace	5 minutes from rue Cler market and restaurants This large studio with large bathroom and indépendant kitchen is a must. Just renovated, it is cosy inside and you will be able to sip your coffee on your private terrace facing the glittering Eiffel T  Cosy and spatious studio with eiffel view terrace Owner will meet and welcome guests and will assist them in their queries Charming and safe neighborhood perfectly located in center of Paris Invalides and Latour Maubourg subway stops Direct access to airport from invalids 10 days minimum
3588	• Trendy and Spacious Apartment In a one of the most beautiful building of Saint Germain des Prés , this beautiful apartment has just been completely and elegantly renovated to create the perfect space for families. You must take the staircase and walk up 3 stairs with NO ELEVATOR to this spacious three bedroom apartment, in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés. • Understated Luxury with a “loft” Ambience The apartment has three bright bedrooms, one on the street especially like a master bedroom, all with king beds and their own private bathrooms, combining beautiful original features with modern comforts. The fully equipped kitchen has a refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, toaster and all utensils necessary for cooking and eating. The kitchen is open into a dining room with 2 dining tables and chairs for 6 to 8 people, perfect for dinner parties or family gatherings. From here the dining room, in a same room; leads onto the comfortable living room with its trendy sofa and fur	This gorgeous and bright 3 bedroom - 3 bathroom luxury apartment rental (175 square meters - 1,885 square feet) is situated in the heart of the art district of central Paris, in Saint-Germain des Prés. • Trendy and Spacious Apartment In a one of the most beautiful building of Saint Germain des Prés , this beautiful apartment has just been completely and elegantly renovated to create the perfect space for families. You must take the staircase and walk up 3 stairs with NO ELEVATOR to this spacious three bedroom apartment, in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés. • Understated Luxury with a “loft” Ambience The apartment has three bright bedrooms, one on the street especially like a master bedroom, all with king beds and their own private bathrooms, combining beautiful original features with modern comforts. The fully equipped kitchen has a refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, toaster and all utensils necessary for cooking and eating. The kitchen is open into a dining room with 2 d
3589	STANDING Located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment is very quiet and luminous. The balcony offers a nice view on the avenue and its trees. You will also have the pleasure to see the Eiffel Tower ! LAYOUT This spacious 75sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It will be suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas, the living-room with a sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), armchairs and a coffee table, and the dining area with a dining table that can comfortably accommodate four to six guests. The large bay window gives on a balcony from where you will see the Eiffel Tower. A corridor will lead you to the bedroom. It is very quiet and features a double bed (140x200) and a desk. You will be able to store your clothes in the closets in the corridor and in a dressing-room in the entrance hall. The bathroom is accessible from the corridor. It has	Charming and spacious 1-bedroom 75sqm apartment to rent for four people in the prestigious 7th district of Paris. Quiet, bright, with a view on the Eiffel Tower from the balcony ! STANDING Located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment is very quiet and luminous. The balcony offers a nice view on the avenue and its trees. You will also have the pleasure to see the Eiffel Tower ! LAYOUT This spacious 75sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It will be suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on the main room. It has been divided in two areas, the living-room with a sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), armchairs and a coffee table, and the dining area with a dining table that can comfortably accommodate four to six guests. The large bay window gives on a balcony from where you will see the Eiffel Tower. A corridor will lead you to the bedroom. It is very quiet and features a double bed (140x200)
3590	Ideally located near the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides (both at 10min walk), in one of the most prestigious areas of Paris.  This 20 sqm studio, very bright, on the seventh floor of a luxury typical Parisian building with lift, has a balcony offering a romantic view on the Eiffel tower. It is fully equipped, with a 2-person convertible sofa, a shower cabin, a little kitchen with microwave, fridge, heating plates and all you need to cook, a dressing, a working desk and Broadband Internet. Toilets are outside the studio in the corridor, and are shared with 4 other studios. Nearest Metro stations (3min walk) are Duroc (line 13) and Sevres-Lecourbe (line 6). Perfect for a vacation in downtown Paris, in full independency and comfort. 	Ideally located near the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides (both at 10min walk), in one of the most prestigious areas of Paris.  This 20 sqm studio, very bright, on the seventh floor of a luxury typical Parisian building with lift, has a balcony offering a romantic view on the Eiffel tower. It is fully equipped, with a 2-person convertible sofa, a shower cabin, a little kitchen with microwave, fridge, heating plates and all you need to cook, a dressing, a working desk and Broadband Internet. Toilets are outside the studio in the corridor, and are shared with 4 other studios. Nearest Metro stations (3min walk) are Duroc (line 13) and Sevres-Lecourbe (line 6). Perfect for a vacation in downtown Paris, in full independency and comfort. 
3591	Notre 2 pièces fait 50m2 avec une vrai cuisine séparée et entièrement équipée. L'appartement se trouve au troisième étage sur cinq et il donne sur une cour arborée. Vous serez accueillit par la charmante concierge de l'immeuble ou par ma mère et moi. Nous laisserons à votre intention un petit livret du quartier avec les bonnes adresses.   C'est vraiment le plus beau et le plus sympathique quartier de Paris!!!!	Nous proposons beau 2 pièces de charme dans l'ancien sur court, entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides. Le quartier est très chic et cool à la fois. Il  y a beaucoup de commerces et de bons restaurants. Idéal pour connaitre le vrai Paris. Notre 2 pièces fait 50m2 avec une vrai cuisine séparée et entièrement équipée. L'appartement se trouve au troisième étage sur cinq et il donne sur une cour arborée. Vous serez accueillit par la charmante concierge de l'immeuble ou par ma mère et moi. Nous laisserons à votre intention un petit livret du quartier avec les bonnes adresses.   C'est vraiment le plus beau et le plus sympathique quartier de Paris!!!! Vous aurez accès à tous le logement sauf un dressing que nous fermerons à clé. Nous y stockons nos affaires personnelles car nous habitons ici à l'année.
3592	Located in the luxurious neighborhood of saint-germain, near rue du Bac and Bd Saint Germain. The apartment is next to plenty of stores ( YSL, Celine, Christian Louboutin, etc), and the Bon Marché shopping center.  It's a lovely studio, perfect for a couple to stay.  The apartment is composed by a main room with a 140 cms size bed, a bathroom, a dining area and a small furnished kitchen ( fridge, oven, washing and drying machine, hob).  There is a TV led and a wifi access.  A lot of storage spaces and an iron. 	Located in the luxurious neighborhood of saint-germain, near rue du Bac and Bd Saint Germain. The apartment is next to plenty of stores ( YSL, Celine, Christian Louboutin, etc), and the Bon Marché shopping center.  It's a lovely studio, perfect for a couple to stay.  The apartment is composed by a main room with a 140 cms size bed, a bathroom, a dining area and a small furnished kitchen ( fridge, oven, washing and drying machine, hob).  There is a TV led and a wifi access.  A lot of storage spaces and an iron. 
3593	This apartment in in the 7th and last floor of a beautiful and chic parisian building, and a quiet street (elevator goes until the 6th floor only). Very quiet, luminous, he offers a beautiful view on the roofs (and even on the Eiffel tower!). Get in spacious living room, sit at the dining table or in one of the two deep sofas and enjoy the feeling of being home. On the right of the entrance, get into the master bedroom with a double bed and access to the first bathroom with shower. On the left of the entrance, get into the kitchen, fully equipped. From the living room, get into the second bedroom with a single bed and access to the second bathroom with shower. Via our little travel agency, we can offer you more and give you all the tips to make the most of your stay with personalized itineraries, bookings etc. Should you be interested, we will send you details on these.	Charm, confort, light, calm, beautiful view on the parisian roofs (even on the top of the Eiffel Tower)! What else can you ask for? This 2 BD/2BTH is the perfect place to live chic parisian life! This apartment in in the 7th and last floor of a beautiful and chic parisian building, and a quiet street (elevator goes until the 6th floor only). Very quiet, luminous, he offers a beautiful view on the roofs (and even on the Eiffel tower!). Get in spacious living room, sit at the dining table or in one of the two deep sofas and enjoy the feeling of being home. On the right of the entrance, get into the master bedroom with a double bed and access to the first bathroom with shower. On the left of the entrance, get into the kitchen, fully equipped. From the living room, get into the second bedroom with a single bed and access to the second bathroom with shower. Via our little travel agency, we can offer you more and give you all the tips to make the most of your stay with personalized itinerari
3594	About 115 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Its wooding floor and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment located in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the diamond of Paris. About 115 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Its wooding floor and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished with the Diamond Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartme
3595	In a beautiful and meticulously 1700’s maintained building, this comfortable apartment was refurbished and tastefully furnished in 2010. The large main room serves the open kitchen and the bathroom. A staircase leads to a pretty bedroom in the vaulted cellar below. There is a double bed in the bedroom (on demand there is the possibility to use the sofa bed in the living room). It is equipped with wireless broadband Internet access, cable TV and telephone. For your comfort, the kitchen and bathroom are contemporary and the new and high-end appliances include an electric stove, oven, dishwasher and washer/dryer.	VIIe arrondissement - M° Rue du Bac Very confortable 1 bedroom apartment in a beautiful 1700' building. Equipped kitchen with dishwasher - Wifi -washer/dryer - Cable TV In a beautiful and meticulously 1700’s maintained building, this comfortable apartment was refurbished and tastefully furnished in 2010. The large main room serves the open kitchen and the bathroom. A staircase leads to a pretty bedroom in the vaulted cellar below. There is a double bed in the bedroom (on demand there is the possibility to use the sofa bed in the living room). It is equipped with wireless broadband Internet access, cable TV and telephone. For your comfort, the kitchen and bathroom are contemporary and the new and high-end appliances include an electric stove, oven, dishwasher and washer/dryer. Complete apartment This apartment is located on rue de Grenelle, one of Paris' most luxurious districts, in the vicinity of the Rodin Museum and the Musée Maillol, a few hundred meters from the Orsay Museum and th
3596	This flat its on the heart of Paris. On the art galleries streets of the 7' district. Just front to river seine and the Louvres museum. By walk you can go as well to Eiffel Tower, saint Germain des pres, Tuileries garden.... Its on the 4th floor without lift. This bed it's sharing on the living room, close with fake wall but still open	This flat its on the heart of Paris. On the art galleries streets of the 7' district. Just front to river seine and the Louvres museum. By walk you can go as well to Eiffel Tower, saint Germain des pres, Tuileries garden....
3597	 Apartment of 22Msq, really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only ,as a luxury hotel SuiteRoom , and is not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal /private owner's stuff !!! All flats are listed since 2005 in several serious travel guide books up date every year... Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !) ,fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay!  Luxury Flats, for short and long terms rental by direct owner... Fully furnished and recently renovated, clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited local and international phone calls,free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry washer machine,equiped kitchen with refrigerator,micro-waves,coffee-maker,hair dryer,ect...   Apartment strictly Non smoking ! ...Paris 7eme Arrondissement,entre Invalides et Ecole Militaire...Trés beaux et luxueux studios, a cinq minutes de la Tour	"...In the heart of the 7Th District... One of the best and typical ""Quartier parisien""... Near The Eiffel Tower, Invalides Dome, Rodin museum, Champs de Mars park and the famous and typical parisian Rue CLER market... Luxury studios for rental... Apartment of 22Msq, really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only ,as a luxury hotel SuiteRoom , and is not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal /private owner's stuff !!! All flats are listed since 2005 in several serious travel guide books up date every year... Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !) ,fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay!  Luxury Flats, for short and long terms rental by direct owner... Fully furnished and recently renovated, clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited local and international phone calls,free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry was"
3598	Pratique pour les valises car situé au rez-de-chaussée donnant sur cour, ce studio de 23m² est très calme et entièrement équipé : - Un salon avec un canapé lit, télé et Wifi - Un coin bar pour prendre vos repas  - Une cuisine séparée comprenant un lave-linge/sèche-linge, frigo, micro-ondes et four - Une salle de bain/WC Idéal pour 1 ou 2 voyageurs souhaitant visiter la ville ! -- This 23 meter² studio is practical for suitcases because it is situated at the ground floor giving onto court, it is very quiet and completely equipped: - A lounge with a sofa bed, TV and WiFi - A bar area to take your meals  - A separated kitchen including a washing machine / dryer, a refrigerator, microwaves and an oven - A bathroom / toilets Ideal for 1 or 2 travelers wishing to visit the city!	Charmant studio idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris, entre l’hôtel des Invalides et la Tour Eiffel. -- Charming studio ideally situated right in the heart of Paris, between the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower. Pratique pour les valises car situé au rez-de-chaussée donnant sur cour, ce studio de 23m² est très calme et entièrement équipé : - Un salon avec un canapé lit, télé et Wifi - Un coin bar pour prendre vos repas  - Une cuisine séparée comprenant un lave-linge/sèche-linge, frigo, micro-ondes et four - Une salle de bain/WC Idéal pour 1 ou 2 voyageurs souhaitant visiter la ville ! -- This 23 meter² studio is practical for suitcases because it is situated at the ground floor giving onto court, it is very quiet and completely equipped: - A lounge with a sofa bed, TV and WiFi - A bar area to take your meals  - A separated kitchen including a washing machine / dryer, a refrigerator, microwaves and an oven - A bathroom / toilets Ideal for 1 or 2 travelers wishing to visit the city! Je 
3599	 This apartment is a 35 square meters (approximately 380 square feet) studio; located in the classy 7th district of Paris close to the Invalides.  The studio is located on the 4th floor of a calm and charming residence. It offers a large dining room equiped with a double sofa bed, a separate bathroom with shower, a separate kitchen and a sunny balcony overlooking on the lively Rue Saint Dominique.  The services are of quality, and it offers all modern comforts and can easily accommodate two people for business or leisure trip.  Located in a central district, near to the Tour Eiffel and the Champ de Mars; the nearest metro stations are La Tour Maubourg and Invalides.	 This apartment is a 35 square meters (approximately 380 square feet) studio; located in the classy 7th district of Paris close to the Invalides.  The studio is located on the 4th floor of a calm and charming residence. It offers a large dining room equiped with a double sofa bed, a separate bathroom with shower, a separate kitchen and a sunny balcony overlooking on the lively Rue Saint Dominique.  The services are of quality, and it offers all modern comforts and can easily accommodate two people for business or leisure trip.  Located in a central district, near to the Tour Eiffel and the Champ de Mars; the nearest metro stations are La Tour Maubourg and Invalides. Wifi unlimited International TV Washing machine Balcony Sheets Towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. The apartment is located in one of the most classy and prestigious district of the French capital.  Located on the left Side of the Seine River, this part of the town is well known thanks to the presence of t
