24600	Beautiful and spacious apartment that combined modern (decoration, equipments) and old types (fireplace, wooden ceiling). Perfect place for people who wants to live in the center and be able to visit any part of Paris. The neighborhood is very safe and filled with restaurants, cafe bistrots and public Market but the street where we live in is only residential so the apartment is very quiet. 	Private room near Denfert-Rochereau : -The total capacity is 1 or 2 guests with a double bed -The flat is fully equipped (wifi, clothes washer..)    Beautiful and spacious apartment that combined modern (decoration, equipments) and old types (fireplace, wooden ceiling). Perfect place for people who wants to live in the center and be able to visit any part of Paris. The neighborhood is very safe and filled with restaurants, cafe bistrots and public Market but the street where we live in is only residential so the apartment is very quiet. I live alone in the appartment, you will have access to all the appartment and will stay in the living room (double convertible bed, see pictures), separate from my room. I am available before your arrival for any questions about the apartment. I will try to answer as quickly as possible. At your arrival, I can give you any information needed about Paris (to my knowledges of course) but also practical informations about public transportation (map furnis
24601	Situated near Pernety metro in the heart of Paris.  You will have a two room studio for yourself. Shops cafés and restaurants all around, great tea, cheese, beer shops right next door The Pernety metro stop is steps away, making exploring the city very easy. There are also shops of all kinds very close by, yet the neighborhood maintains a quiet, residential feel. The busier center of Montparnasse and it's train stations is an easy walk too. Typical Parisian life in this neighborhood. ground floor, nice neighborhood. one small step to get in. Wheel chair friendly. double occupancy bed with small bathroom - shower and toilet. Free internet access . Bed linen and towels  included, as well as some little surprises depending on the season. Laundromat next door Even though it is an art studio no oil painting or strong glues ever used (i've had that question asked before !)   Price :50 €/night for two (+15 euros for laundromat and clean up). We accept only payments by airbn. add 5 euros if yo	Situated near Pernety metro in the heart of Paris.  You will have a two room studio for yourself. Shops cafés and restaurants all around, great tea, cheese, beer shops right next door The Pernety metro stop is steps away, making exploring the city very easy. There are also shops of all kinds very close by, yet the neighborhood maintains a quiet, residential feel. The busier center of Montparnasse and it's train stations is an easy walk too. Typical Parisian life in this neighborhood. ground floor, nice neighborhood. one small step to get in. Wheel chair friendly. double occupancy bed with small bathroom - shower and toilet. Free internet access . Bed linen and towels  included, as well as some little surprises depending on the season. Laundromat next door Even though it is an art studio no oil painting or strong glues ever used (i've had that question asked before !)   Price :50 €/night for two (+15 euros for laundromat and clean up). We accept only payments by airbn. add 5 euros if yo
24602		Idéalement situé à deux pas de Montparnasse, studio de 25m2, au cœur de la Rive Gauche. Un peu en retrait de l’agitation de Montparnasse, il offre calme et sérénité, à deux pas des boutiques et des commerces de proximité.
24603	Great apartment in the heart of Paris. The apartment has a living room with two sofas and a beautiful screen for movie nights, a doublebed room and a great view of Paris. You ll have a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, fridge, oven, ect ... Located on the 7th floor (no elevator), you will have a breathtaking view of the Place Denfert Rochereau and his superb lion (Huge statue). Very accessible by public transport (direct line to CDG and Orly airports 40min and 30min) you will have no problem to visit Paris and enjoy the charms of the capital. In the flat you ll find everything you need for the first step of your journey. Map, tourist information, railtrain map, (website hidden) the bottom of the building, you will have the catacombs of Paris, a mythical place. You will enjoy some amazing restaurant, and typical Parisian brasseries, with their large terraces and typical French cuisine. Very close to the apartment you will find everything in the Rue Daguerre, a charming pedest	Superbe appartement, en plein cœur de Paris. L’appartement dispose d'un salon avec deux canapés et d'une superbe vue sur Paris sans vis à vis. Toutes les commodités sont en bas de l'immeuble et les transports en commun sont direct des deux aéroport Great apartment in the heart of Paris. The apartment has a living room with two sofas and a beautiful screen for movie nights, a doublebed room and a great view of Paris. You ll have a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, fridge, oven, ect ... Located on the 7th floor (no elevator), you will have a breathtaking view of the Place Denfert Rochereau and his superb lion (Huge statue). Very accessible by public transport (direct line to CDG and Orly airports 40min and 30min) you will have no problem to visit Paris and enjoy the charms of the capital. In the flat you ll find everything you need for the first step of your journey. Map, tourist information, railtrain map, (website hidden) the bottom of the building, you will have the catacom
24604	Petit studio refait à neuf et idéalement situé au coeur du 14e arrondissement. Parfait pour un week-end à deux. Vous disposerez du logement entier !  Si vous avez des demandes ou des questions n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je suis toujours disponible.  Quartier très commerçant et vivant. Proche d'un Monoprix (à 30m) ouvert jusqu'à 22h. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut près du studio ! Accessible via différents moyens, le studio est idéalement situé entre la ligne de métro 4 (Alésia) et la ligne 13 (Plaisance). Il est possible de venir en bus. Il est également proche de la place Denfert-Rochereau et donc de la station  d'Orlybus Nous pourrons nous arranger si vous voulez rester une nuit de plus ! Vous disposerez du logement entier !  Si vous avez des demandes ou des questions n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je suis toujours disponible.  Quartier très commerçant et vivant. Proche d'un Monoprix (à 30m) ouvert jusqu'à 22h. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut près du studio ! Accessible via différents moyens,	Petit studio au coeur du 14e arrondissement idéalement situé entre le métro Alésia (L.4) et Plaisance (L.13). Quartier très commerçant et vivant. Proche de Denfert et des Catacombes. Petit studio refait à neuf et idéalement situé au coeur du 14e arrondissement. Parfait pour un week-end à deux. Vous disposerez du logement entier !  Si vous avez des demandes ou des questions n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je suis toujours disponible.  Quartier très commerçant et vivant. Proche d'un Monoprix (à 30m) ouvert jusqu'à 22h. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut près du studio ! Accessible via différents moyens, le studio est idéalement situé entre la ligne de métro 4 (Alésia) et la ligne 13 (Plaisance). Il est possible de venir en bus. Il est également proche de la place Denfert-Rochereau et donc de la station  d'Orlybus Nous pourrons nous arranger si vous voulez rester une nuit de plus ! Vous disposerez du logement entier !  Si vous avez des demandes ou des questions n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je suis 
24605	Living room with kitchen opened and completely equipped (oven, micro wave, washes dishes, coffee machine Nespresso). Sofa with 2 places for sleeping. Bedroom and bathroom in suite with 1 queen bed, bathtub and washing machine in the bathroom Apartment renewed in 2010, very nice.	Nice 2 rooms of 30m², comfortable and bright situated in a quiet street, close to the City Hall of the 14th district.  Living room with kitchen opened and completely equipped (oven, micro wave, washes dishes, coffee machine Nespresso). Sofa with 2 places for sleeping. Bedroom and bathroom in suite with 1 queen bed, bathtub and washing machine in the bathroom Apartment renewed in 2010, very nice. - Sheets and  towels supplied.  - Internet WiFi connection. Shopping district, close to Daguerre street. Market on Tuesday and Thursday place Jacques Demy. Good transport connections: - Line 4, station Mouton Duvernet:  direct to Saint Germain des Prés (10min), Saint Michel (10min), Chatelet (15min), Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord (25min) - Line 13, station Pernety:  direct to Champs Elysées (15min), Gare Saint Lazare and Department stores (20min) - Line 6, station Denfert Rochereau:  direct  to place de l'Etoile (25min), Eiffel Tower (20min), Gare Montparnasse (10min)  - Line RER B, station De
24606		L'appartement donne sur une place arborée. Le quartier est très commerçant avec la rue Daguerre (rue piétonne) à 3mn à pieds. Restaurants, cafés, cinéma, tout est accessible à pieds en quelque minutes Metro Ligne 4 Bus, (phone number hidden) RER B à Denfert Rochereau à 10 mn à pieds de la Gare Montparnasse
24607	Comfortable and very pleasant. No noise , just the birds in the heart of Paris. Outside, the small cobblestone street full of charm.	Two comfortable rooms , equipped and full of charm in a beautiful street! 15 min walk from Montparnasse, 10min from St Germain des Prés. Very close (2 min walk) to the subway. Enjoy the calm of this paradise in the heart of Paris! Comfortable and very pleasant. No noise , just the birds in the heart of Paris. Outside, the small cobblestone street full of charm. You will be greeted on arrival to explain the functioning of the apartment and give you the best advice on the neighborhood!
24608		Studio pour 2 personnes Max. Rue commerçante au coeur du quartierr Montparnasse, à 5min des transports
24609		Very nice studio of 12m2 repainted and remodeled recently, Queen size bed on a mezzanine. Small kitchen with
24610	Bright, good ceiling hight, parquet floor, moulding, nice furniture.	Minimum duration : 2 weeks. Alesia area, 55 m2 bright and cosy old apartment. Kitchen including microwave oven, hotplates, dishwasher, freezer, fridge, drying washing machine and coffee machine. Bedroom with a view on the rooftops. Bright, good ceiling hight, parquet floor, moulding, nice furniture. Full apartment and equipments. We are here on your arrival and departure. Animated district. Parc Montsouris. Catacombes. Metro and bus a few meters from the building. Tram near by. Paying parking lot in 3 minute walking distance. Access from Roissy Airport : RER B to Denfert-Rochereau + Metro L4 to Pte d'Orléans or Bus 68 to Pte d'Orléans. Access from Orly Airport : Airport Bus to Denfert-Rochereau + Metro L4 to Pte d'Orléans or Bus 68 to Pte d'Orléans.  Minimum duration : 2 weeks. Caution : 1500 euros.
24611	Located at the base of the Montparnasse Tower, this is the perfect place to be to visit Paris, thanks to proximity of a lot of public transport and to this safe, living and typically french neighborhood. Quiet apartment 	You’re very welcome to this warm and quiet two-room apartment ! Located at the base of the Montparnasse Tower, it's the perfect place to stay and visit Paris, thanks to proximity of a lot of public transport and to this typically french neighborhood Next to metro lines 4, 6, 12 and 13, also RER B and many buses' lines.
24612	All the necessity for a pleasant stay will be available. Just a step from the streetcar and 5 min of the line 4 and 10 min of the line 13 of subway. Center of accessible Paris in 15 min in subway. Supermarkets at the bottom of the building opened till 22 hours (+ walked from fruits and vegetables in the three mornings a week). SBD with bathtub and TOILETS. Refrigerator, oven, cooktops, hairdryer etc. Heating, Sheets / Blankets, Washing machine 1 sofa bed / futon, 1 mezzanine Bathtub, Towels, Hairdryer Plates, Freezer	with wifi, TV, WC, shower and everything necessary to live well. Great neighbourhood One room apartement right in the heart of the 14th district. 6th and last floor. Quiet and bright! Put at the disposal FREE ACCESS of a bike for a (refundable) 50- All the necessity for a pleasant stay will be available. Just a step from the streetcar and 5 min of the line 4 and 10 min of the line 13 of subway. Center of accessible Paris in 15 min in subway. Supermarkets at the bottom of the building opened till 22 hours (+ walked from fruits and vegetables in the three mornings a week). SBD with bathtub and TOILETS. Refrigerator, oven, cooktops, hairdryer etc. Heating, Sheets / Blankets, Washing machine 1 sofa bed / futon, 1 mezzanine Bathtub, Towels, Hairdryer Plates, Freezer
24613	Vous serez chez vous dans cette ancienne maison, entièrement rénovée avec des équipements modernes. L'esprit est brut, contemporain, avec de grandes baies vitrées et de grandes hauteurs sous plafond, amenant une belle lumière. Amoureux des arts, vous pourrez trouver, en plus d'un atelier, des oeuvres d'art (sculptures, peintures, photographies), une bibliothèque bien fournie, une large collection de DVD (+ de 1500 titres). Le logement est très calme, bordé de verdure et bénéficie d'une petite cour. RDC:  Idéal pour réception ou large groupe. - Belle cuisine avec grande table de réception en granit pouvant accueillir 8 personnes. Equipement: Four, four micro onde, Plaque Teppanyaki (Plancha Japonaise), plaques à induction, machine a café Nespresso, grille pain,... - Vaste séjour avec canapés cuir, canapé chesterfield véritable convertible, Vidéoprojecteur avec écran géant, TV 120 cm, Système sono puissant 5.1 accessible en Wi-Fi ou blutooth depuis votre smartphone, lecteur DVD Blue Ray 	Maison 120m2,  rénovée par architecte. Ludique, plusieurs niveaux, au calme en fond de cour. 4 chambres, 1 atelier, 1 bureau, 1 espace de réception avec cuisine d'environ 60 m2. Grandes verrières. Décoration, équipements et lumières soignées. Vous serez chez vous dans cette ancienne maison, entièrement rénovée avec des équipements modernes. L'esprit est brut, contemporain, avec de grandes baies vitrées et de grandes hauteurs sous plafond, amenant une belle lumière. Amoureux des arts, vous pourrez trouver, en plus d'un atelier, des oeuvres d'art (sculptures, peintures, photographies), une bibliothèque bien fournie, une large collection de DVD (+ de 1500 titres). Le logement est très calme, bordé de verdure et bénéficie d'une petite cour. RDC:  Idéal pour réception ou large groupe. - Belle cuisine avec grande table de réception en granit pouvant accueillir 8 personnes. Equipement: Four, four micro onde, Plaque Teppanyaki (Plancha Japonaise), plaques à induction, machine a café Nespresso,
24614	30 m2. 2 pièces. 3ème étage avec ascenseur.  Le piano. Le parquet. Pas de vis à vis. Vue sur jardin. Très calme.  Nombreux livres et disques (à déguster sur place :)) Baignoire.	Idéal pour un couple. Le chant des oiseaux le matin. Lumière toute la journée. Au cœur du 14e arrondissement. Calme et authenticité. Pas de vis à vis. Parquet. Un piano. Une table haute en bois. Quartier de Giacometti. Au pied de l'immeuble, café Carmen et bus 58. Wifi. 30 m2. 2 pièces. 3ème étage avec ascenseur.  Le piano. Le parquet. Pas de vis à vis. Vue sur jardin. Très calme.  Nombreux livres et disques (à déguster sur place :)) Baignoire. A tout l'appartement Les voyageurs pourront appeler ma sœur pendant leur séjour. Quartier d'artistes Rues pavés et calmes Place Flora Tristan, charme, arbres, cafés. Vie de quartier Le Café Carmen's au pied de l'immeuble: meilleur jus d'oranges de Paris.  Très grande proximité de commerces: boulangerie, fruits, légumes, supermarché.  Nombreux restaurants.  A 10 mns du quartier Montparnasse et du village Daguerre Les Puces de Vanves à 5 mns Au pied de l'immeuble, le bus 58 vous emmène directement à Odéon, Châtelet. A 5mns, la ligne 13 traverse  P
24615	Kathie, Arthur and Thibault (and Théophile, our mascotte - a bear - ) we are pleased to welcome you in our home. It is a typical, lovely, Parisian appartement with wood floors and molding on walls.  We are three international students, users of Airbnb as customers. We will offer you a nice and welcoming experience of Paris, with tips and advices if you need it. It is a shared appartement with us so you will be part of our family for one (magical/great/unforgettable/amazing/life changing/awesome) moment, but we will respect your privacy.  The room is a big room (20 m2), sunny, with a decorative fireplace. There is closets, a desk and space.  The bed is new and everything is, of course, clean and comfy !	Nice and sunny room in a quiet and really nice neighborhood, with a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. Really easy to access, Ligne 4 and 13 We are really happy to welcome you in our appartement. We rent the room(s) available during the holidays. Kathie, Arthur and Thibault (and Théophile, our mascotte - a bear - ) we are pleased to welcome you in our home. It is a typical, lovely, Parisian appartement with wood floors and molding on walls.  We are three international students, users of Airbnb as customers. We will offer you a nice and welcoming experience of Paris, with tips and advices if you need it. It is a shared appartement with us so you will be part of our family for one (magical/great/unforgettable/amazing/life changing/awesome) moment, but we will respect your privacy.  The room is a big room (20 m2), sunny, with a decorative fireplace. There is closets, a desk and space.  The bed is new and everything is, of course, clean and comfy ! Room(s), kitchen (equipped but without d
24616	Le logement de 26 m2 est fonctionnelle et clair, la décoration est simple et sobre mais l'appartement et propre et très bien entretenu.	Le logement de 26 m2 est fonctionnelle et clair, la décoration est simple et sobre mais l'appartement et propre et très bien entretenu. La gare RER de Denfert est à 10min à pied, vous avez également à proximité Montsouris et Alesia. Je serai joignable sur mon téléphone pour toute question sur l'appartement. L'appartement est situé en face d'un hopital, très tranquille et sans vis-à-vis. Le quartier est très calme et il vous suffit de vous aventurer à quelques mètres à pied pour découvir des rue commerçantes et vivantes. A la limite du 13e arrondissement, vous pourrez profiter des nombreux commerces et restaurants du quartier et du côté d'Alesia des magasins. Des places de parking sont toujours disponibles devant mon appartement.
24617		Charming and located in a typical parisian apartment (wood floor, moulding...). Very calm, ideal to rest. 2nd floor, no elevator. Fluent in French, English and German. Close to subway Plaisance and Porte de Vanves (line 13). Subway Porte d'Orléans or Alesia (line 4). Tram line 3B station Didot.  
24618		Appartement familial en plein cœur du 14e arrondissement, dans un quartier vivant (commerces, restaurants), proche de Montparnasse et au pied du métro Pernety (ligne 13).
24619	My appartment is situated in a typical Parisian building. It's architecture is from the beginning of the 20th century. It is in the first floor and can receive maximum 4 persons (2 in the bed and 2 in the sofa).  All the furnitures are new, as I just moved in it in spring 2015.   The place is provided with : - Kitchen : microwave, oven, kettle - Other : washing machine, vacum, iron, wifi 	Charming appartment in the very lively 14th district of Paris !  For 2 to 4 persons.
24620	Confort, espace, calme, clair, pratique, très parisien,  au cœur de Paris , quartier vivant avec tout ce qui est indispensable et pratique à un séjour réussi	Vavin, Montparnasse, near Luxembourg Garden , quiet,  115 m2 flat. Hausmanien building. Elevator.  2 bedrooms  - 2 bathrooms 2  toilets - Spacious kitchen - Extra large living room-Entrance.   - Central heating -  I will be away during your stay but wil be helping you if necessary by phone and with friends leaving in the neighborhood very nice neighborhood, famous restaurants and brasseries, lot of cinemas, theatres, museums, universities. Shoping
24621	The apartment of 75m2 (800 square feet) is located in the heart of Paris and close to all transportations (metro, airport, bus), stores, restaurants, supermarkets and monuments (Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Louvre, Orsay, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Pantheon, Notre-Dame, Montmartre, Mont-St-Michel by TGV, Versailles Castle by RER C ...). This fully renovated apartment for 5 people is located in a luxury building with a concierge. It is very quiet as located in a backyard. It has all modern amenities. It consists of a first place to sleep (2 people): it is a large room with a double bed for two people and a wardrobe. The second place to sleep (1 person) is another bedroom with a single bed. There is also a living room of 30m2 (330 square feets) with a large dining table, a piano, a TV and a sofa bed to sleep for two people. So, 5 people can sleep in the apartment. We have at your disposal also a baby bed and a high chair. The marble bathroom has a large bathtub. There is also another room with 	Beautiful Parisian apartment up to 5 people, in the city center, in a luxury building near the Luxembourg Garden and Montparnasse.The area is very quiet and has all the services (supermarkets restaurants, buses, subways...). Ideal for a family. The apartment of 75m2 (800 square feet) is located in the heart of Paris and close to all transportations (metro, airport, bus), stores, restaurants, supermarkets and monuments (Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Louvre, Orsay, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Pantheon, Notre-Dame, Montmartre, Mont-St-Michel by TGV, Versailles Castle by RER C ...). This fully renovated apartment for 5 people is located in a luxury building with a concierge. It is very quiet as located in a backyard. It has all modern amenities. It consists of a first place to sleep (2 people): it is a large room with a double bed for two people and a wardrobe. The second place to sleep (1 person) is another bedroom with a single bed. There is also a living room of 30m2 (330 square feets) with a la
24622	Kitchen opened on the living room, confortable sofa-bed for two persons.  Quite street.	"Kitchen opened on the living room, confortable sofa-bed for two persons.  Quite street. Flat 55m2, 1st floor You can join us by phone during the stay - Shops 3 minutes (boulangerie, supermarket, market saturday morning)  - 3 minutes far from Rue de la Gaité (théâtres, bars et restaurants) - Area ""breton"" in Paris, a lot of typical crêperies et restaurants -  Montparnasse Mall (Galeries Lafayette, ...) - 15 minutes far from ""jardin du Luxembourg"",  - 25 minutes far from ""Saint Germain des Prés"" Nice locatiojn in Paris : - Métro Gaité (ligne 13) : 3 minutes walking - Métro Montparnasse (lignes 4, 6, 12, 13) : 7 minutes walking - Bus near to the flat (phone number hidden), ...) - Navettes airports leaving from Montparnasse and Denfert Rochereau (15 min walking)"
24623		"Un beau studio situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, dans un quartier commerçant et agréable ""quartier Montparnasse"",immeuble neuf de bon standing. Très calme, coté cours avec une terrasse en plein sud. Bus direct sur le Champs Elysées et Tour Eiffel"
24624	Au dernier étage d'un vieil immeuble parisien, l'appartement est lumineux, calme et charmant. Ses grandes fenêtres ouvrent sur une petite rue pavée et pleine de verdure. Ici, pas de bruit de voiture.	In a old typical parisian building, on the top floor, a very quiet and sunny appartement. Big room (15m2), two single beds, private bathroom and wc. Non smoking.    You will have access to the kitchen where you can cook as often as you want. You will have here your private room with a private bathroom and toilet. I live in this appartment, I will make your stay easy and confortable. The appartment is one minute far from the big station Denfert-Rochereau: metro line 6, metro line 4, RER line B (South-North blue  line, direct from Charles de Gaulle airport), Orly bus (direct from Orly airport).
24625		Appartement dans le 14eme arr , près de la cité universitaire et le parc montsouris composé de 2 chambres, salle d'eau, cuisine, wc, salon. Je propose de louer une des deux chambres au mois d'aout avec possibilité d'utiliser les pièces communes.
24626	La partement situé 14ème de Paris dans un immeuble encein  2ème étage, très calme et lumineu, décor neuve clair et simple. Poccimiter tous commerce et les sit des visit de Paris.Aéroport de Orly, Charle de gaule, Gare du Nore et Este ligne B en direct .	Appartement de 2 pièces situés dans le 14 ème arrondissement .  Séjour et chambre séparée. Lit double. Accès internet WIFI. Calme  Nice flat in the 14th district of paris. In a typical neighbourhood near denfert rochereau and parc montsouris :) . La partement situé 14ème de Paris dans un immeuble encein  2ème étage, très calme et lumineu, décor neuve clair et simple. Poccimiter tous commerce et les sit des visit de Paris.Aéroport de Orly, Charle de gaule, Gare du Nore et Este ligne B en direct . Tous transport ,tous transport  facile au entour 2 à 4minute . Bus:(phone number hidden). Métro : 6, 4  Le plus près et  bus 88  au pied de la rue du Couédic . Je suis une française d'origine chinoise,J'aime les genres polit respectueux différents de nationalité. Échange des coutume et des culture. Agréable pour vivre , proccimiter de tous commerce ,restaurant, cinéma,Parc. Accès  facile 5 minute à pied. J'aime mon cartier. Bien sûr j'aime partager avec vous . Essayer de être un bon guide  pour
24627	Lovely and sunny 50m2 apartement. Charming view on typical paris roofs. All commodities near the flat.  Ideal to discover principal touristic places in Paris. Luxembourg : 10min by foot Eiffel Tower : 16min by subway Louvre museum : 22min by subway Double room with comfortable bed, ideal for couple. (Really quiet and appreciable nights) warning : the flat is at the 6th floor, without lift. (you will have your daily recommended sport activity :) ) 	Lovely and sunny apartment. Ideal for a couple 10 min from Jardin du Luxembourg by foot Fast airports access Nice living room (large couch, dining table) Large kitchen fully equipped Quiet room with comfortable double bed Lovely Neighbourhood Lovely and sunny 50m2 apartement. Charming view on typical paris roofs. All commodities near the flat.  Ideal to discover principal touristic places in Paris. Luxembourg : 10min by foot Eiffel Tower : 16min by subway Louvre museum : 22min by subway Double room with comfortable bed, ideal for couple. (Really quiet and appreciable nights) warning : the flat is at the 6th floor, without lift. (you will have your daily recommended sport activity :) )  Entire Flat (Double Room, Kitchen, Living Room, Bathroom, WC) All commodities near the flat. Bus and Metro really close.   Lovely bike rides to do around the flat (Luxembourg, Notre-dame de Paris, Quai-de-Seine) Safe & quiet neighborhood, Nice restaurants, clothes shops, gardens Montparnasse Station : 10
24628	En face d'un square, on s'éveille aux chants des oiseaux.	En face d'un square, on s'éveille aux chants des oiseaux. Deux lignes de métro (4 et 13) ainsi que de nombreux bus désservent le quartier.
24629	Our cosy, bright and colourful home is a typical parisian flat (old chemney prussian style,  mouldings, genuine woodfloor...) You'll feel like a true local, just as if you were born in the hospital nearby! You'll enjoy: - a living room with a comfortable sofa where you can relax while listening to music (good music device available) - a big bedroom with a queen size bed, high quality of sleep, and a reading calm area - a fully furnished kitchen where you can enjoy the meal you just bought in the 7/7 convenience stores on your way home (there are alternatively excellent restaurants around, might give tips if required) - a spacious bathroom with tub, rainshower, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer...	Rent our lovely appartment and discover a typical parisian neighborhood, away from the crowd but a few minuts to the main attractions (15mn to Notre Dame...). All transports near by (undergroung, bus, night buses...) and lots of convenience stores Our cosy, bright and colourful home is a typical parisian flat (old chemney prussian style,  mouldings, genuine woodfloor...) You'll feel like a true local, just as if you were born in the hospital nearby! You'll enjoy: - a living room with a comfortable sofa where you can relax while listening to music (good music device available) - a big bedroom with a queen size bed, high quality of sleep, and a reading calm area - a fully furnished kitchen where you can enjoy the meal you just bought in the 7/7 convenience stores on your way home (there are alternatively excellent restaurants around, might give tips if required) - a spacious bathroom with tub, rainshower, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer... You'll' enjoy pretty much every appliance ava
24630	"Cosy and bright 20m² room in a nice 90 m² parisian appartment. A comfy double bed is waiting for you in this really quiet room. The building is really calm too.  A large living room is also available as well as a full-equiped kitchen - included your own fridge! - and a bathroom with a shower and a tube. Towels are supplied, along with wi-fi and television. The building is located few meters from the subway station ""Porte d'Orléans"" (12 mins to Châtelet) and right in front of the tram station! (10 minutes to ""parc des expositions"") 5 mintes walk to the beautiful Montsouris park. Plenty of shops and restaurant in the neighborhood. We can adapt to your schedules but you have to tell us early organize ourselves. Early arrival in weekdays are complicated but we can figure it out See you very soon! NB: we have a cat, he is really nice and discerning; he won't be in your way if you don't want to. He never has access to your room."	"Cosy room in a nice and warm 90m² parisian flat, right in front of the Tram station and only 50m to Porte d'Orléans Metro station (M4)! Cosy and bright 20m² room in a nice 90 m² parisian appartment. A comfy double bed is waiting for you in this really quiet room. The building is really calm too.  A large living room is also available as well as a full-equiped kitchen - included your own fridge! - and a bathroom with a shower and a tube. Towels are supplied, along with wi-fi and television. The building is located few meters from the subway station ""Porte d'Orléans"" (12 mins to Châtelet) and right in front of the tram station! (10 minutes to ""parc des expositions"") 5 mintes walk to the beautiful Montsouris park. Plenty of shops and restaurant in the neighborhood. We can adapt to your schedules but you have to tell us early organize ourselves. Early arrival in weekdays are complicated but we can figure it out See you very soon! NB: we have a cat, he is really nice and discerning; he won'"
24631	Situation idéale au coeur de Paris-gare Montparnasse. Vue panoramique à proximité immédiate d'un grand jardin. Idéal pour étudiants, proche de Sciences-Po et Universités...	Situation idéale au coeur de Paris-gare Montparnasse. Vue panoramique à proximité immédiate d'un grand jardin. Idéal pour étudiants, proche de Sciences-Po et Universités... Liberté d'accès à la cuisine équipée et salle de bain.. Aucun frais annexes. Selon les souhaits du locataire Proximité de tout : commerces, cinémas, théâtres, restaurants, grand jardin... Musée d'Orsay, Grand Palais, Musée du Louvre tout proches Train, métro, bus, vélib, autolib - Train: L'accès direct à la Gare Montparnasse pour aller à Versailles, Bordeaux, Toulouse, Rennes, Nantes, etc - Metro: ligne 4, 6, 12, 13 (Montparnasse Bienvenüe et Gaité) - Navettes directes d'Air France pour les aéroports CDG et Orly Minimum réservation: 5 nuits
24632	STANDING Building with digicode and intercom. Charming apartment in Paris on the ground floor looking onto a quiet and peaceful courtyard. LAYOUT Ground floor 1 bedroom Paris apartment of 450 sq.ft. The bedroom has a double bed, a chest of drawers and a dressing. The living room is furnished with two single beds, a table and chairs. The kitchen is open on the living-room and it is furnished with standard equipment. The bathroom has a bathtub and toilet. Have an amazing stay in Paris by renting this apartment.	"On the ground floor, this is a one bedoom short term Paris apartment, suitable for four people to rent. In the 14th district of Paris, little artist studios and beautiful public gqrdens surround you. STANDING Building with digicode and intercom. Charming apartment in Paris on the ground floor looking onto a quiet and peaceful courtyard. LAYOUT Ground floor 1 bedroom Paris apartment of 450 sq.ft. The bedroom has a double bed, a chest of drawers and a dressing. The living room is furnished with two single beds, a table and chairs. The kitchen is open on the living-room and it is furnished with standard equipment. The bathroom has a bathtub and toilet. Have an amazing stay in Paris by renting this apartment. LOCATION Located at Denfert Rochereau, this apartment to rent in Paris is 10 minutes walk from Montparnasse and one subway station from the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and the ""Sorbone"". This charming ""pied à terre"" will seduce all lovers of the true Paris.The area was one of those preferr"
24633		Comfortable studio 10 min from centre of Paris Located on the left rive of Paris, in a bustling neighborhood with lots of cafés, shops, cinémas, restaurants.
24634	Au calme	Venez découvrir le quartier Daguerre proche de Montparnasse et passer un séjour inoubliable dans ce lieu rénové et cosy au 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur - cela permet de garder la ligne ! Tout équipé avec cuisine américaine. Au calme Ne pas hésiter à me contacter si besoin. Je me rendrai toujours disponible afin que vous passiez un très bon séjour. Quartier daguerre : proximité de tous les commerces, des restaurants, de la Gare Montparnasse, des métros et du RER à 5 minutes à pied, de l'aéroport, de Saint Germain, du jardin du Luxembourg, du Parc Monsouris et des catacombes de PARIS.
24635		"Très bel appartement typique parisien, parquet, moulures, le tout dans un immeuble de pierres de taille. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très lumineux, exposé Est, doté d'un grand balcon. Grand confort, tout équipé avec Wifi, TV, électroménager. Le quartier est un comme un petit village en plein Paris. La rue Daguerre est une merveille de restaurant et de commerçants de bouches. L'appartement est a proximité immédiate de 3 lignes de métros (ligne 4, ligne 6, ligne 13), de 3 lignes de bus (bus 38, bus 68, bus 28), du RER B direct pour l""aéroport Roissy Charle de Gaulle, et de l'Orly bus, direct pour l'aéroport d'Orly."
24636	top floor overlooking the Eiffel Tower	Welcome home!  This apartment is very nice, on the 5th floor (no elevator!) You can enjoy a beautiful view on a quiet street light. -A room with a double bed  -a lounge with a sofa bed -a fully equipped kitchen -unlimited internet connection top floor overlooking the Eiffel Tower unlimited internet connection four Nespresso coffee pods available Hospitality guests best butcher in Paris down flat !!
24637	In the heart of Paris, in and old area, Montparnasse, whic is famous for artists and restaurants. The neighbourhood is calm. 	Amazing flat in an old building, designed with french parisian traditonnal style. It is possible to go on the roof, the view is huge. Cosy and luminous, very usefull.  In the heart of Paris, in and old area, Montparnasse, whic is famous for artists and restaurants. The neighbourhood is calm.  Montparnasse station is accessible through differents lines of Métropolitain : 4, 6, 12 or 13. The best is to go directly to Edgar Quinet station on the line 6.  I stay connected on bnb or by email. The keys are on a restaurant.  The area is the Britain quarter of Paris. The restaurants and the clubs are from this region on the west. Montparnasse is also the place with the most important number of cinema in Paris.  By car, by Métropolitain (4, 6, 12, 13), by Velib' or by train (Montparnasse).  All is in free acess : wifi, breakfast, crockery, cloths, towels, machines
24638	The apartment is really comfortable, spacious, bright !  Always welcoming and warm, you will feel at home in a second 	Beautiful room in the center of Paris, ideally located in between la Tour Montparnasse and le Jardin du Luxembourg. Access to grand living room, fully-equipped kitchen, bathroom with bath. Ideal for couples or friends willing to discover Paris ! The apartment is really comfortable, spacious, bright !  Always welcoming and warm, you will feel at home in a second  Guest have access to every shared room in the apartment : great living room with a magnificent dinner table, a bedroom with TV and Piano for those who like it, bathroom with a bath, toilets, equipped kitchen ! We love sharing French Wine and Cheese with our guests: it's not a cliché, we DO love it !  People who like life, travels, meeting new people, will have a great time with the hosts, for sure ! The neighborhood experience could not be better, you can have a full-parisian experience there: great museums, fondations, theaters, the best Jardin of the world (Jardin du Luxembourg), great spots to shop (Rue de Rennes, Saint Plac
24639		appartement T3 en duplexe salon cuisine en bas, 1 chambre avec lit double + une chambre avce lit enfant, CANAPÉ LIT 2 places + un matelas gonflable+ un autre matelas pour enfant, toilette séparés de la salle de bain (baignoire), parking en supplement Trés bien desservie, Métro ligne 4, tram, pleins de bus, périferique a proximité, Orly bus. disponible pour toutes informations supplémentaires porte d'orléans 75014 paris Famille de préférence
24640	La chambre donne sur cour et est très calme. Elle est équipée d'un lit pour 2 personnes et d'un grand placard Le salon très agréable comporte un canapé lit très confortable pour 2 personnes. L'accès à la salle de bain, peut se faire depuis le couloir et depuis la chambre.  La cuisine est totalement équipée vous trouverez les ustensiles et la vaisselle qui vous permettront de prendre vos repas dans l'appartement si vous souhaitez cuisiner les bons produits proposés rue Daguerre. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis et inclus dans le prix de votre séjour	Proche de tout, la rue Daguerre est réputée pour ses nombreux commerces. Un emplacement idéal pour rayonner dans Paris  C'est un appartement très lumineux, cosy et confortable, vous pourrez vivre comme de vrais parisiens dans une résidence sécurisée La chambre donne sur cour et est très calme. Elle est équipée d'un lit pour 2 personnes et d'un grand placard Le salon très agréable comporte un canapé lit très confortable pour 2 personnes. L'accès à la salle de bain, peut se faire depuis le couloir et depuis la chambre.  La cuisine est totalement équipée vous trouverez les ustensiles et la vaisselle qui vous permettront de prendre vos repas dans l'appartement si vous souhaitez cuisiner les bons produits proposés rue Daguerre. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis et inclus dans le prix de votre séjour Dès réception de la validation de votre réservation, je vous adresse via Airbnb l'ensemble des informations qui vous permettront d'accéder à l'appartement et aux clés. Je suis joignable v
24641	Quartier trés parisien avec de nombreux commerces et facilités de transport . 15 mn à pied de la gare Montparnasse et vue exceptionnelle sur Paris.	2 pieces  40 m2 transformé en studio. Grande baie vitrée et petit balcon à 15 mn à pied de gare montparnasse. Quartier trés parisien avec de nombreux commerces et facilités de transport . 15 mn à pied de la gare Montparnasse et vue exceptionnelle sur Paris. Appartement tout confort. Cuisine et salle de bain pratiques . Conseils nombreux sur le quartier et Paris . Quartier trés authentique avec de nombreux charmes . Métro à 100 m et nombreux autobus.
24642	"in the heart of Montparnasse area, for paris art lovers, here is a pretty studette with a vintage romantic decor, where you can rest after visiting paris.This small but comfortable space, is inspiring the life of the poets living in the attics, dans leur ""mansarde sous les toits"", in past times. Petite chambre de service décorée dans un style romantique, sous les toits mais avec ascenseur."	"In Montparnasse area, near the famous Montparnasse cemetary and the artistic quarter of painters from 19th century, here is a pretty vintage small studio flat suitable for one, where you can rest and day dream in a micro flat , a comfortable place. in the heart of Montparnasse area, for paris art lovers, here is a pretty studette with a vintage romantic decor, where you can rest after visiting paris.This small but comfortable space, is inspiring the life of the poets living in the attics, dans leur ""mansarde sous les toits"", in past times. Petite chambre de service décorée dans un style romantique, sous les toits mais avec ascenseur. separate private toilets, not shared. Toilettes privatifs sur le palier,  non partagés. You are in the artistic Montparnasse quarter, where lived some famous painters from the past, like Modigliani, or the photographer Man Ray, you can walk to these places easily: montparnasse cemetary, the catacombs, la tour Montparnasse, the luxembourg garden, la place d"
24643		Proche toutes commodités
24644	Votre nouveau nid, se trouve dans une petite rue au calme, tout en étant à 2 pas de cafés, restaurants, commerces, jardins… Vous y trouverez : Un salon de 18m2 avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, 4 plaques, frigo et congélateur, micro-onde, et tous les ustensiles et vaisselle) . Dans le salon également : un lit-placard de 2 places,  TV, WIFI, station Ipod. La chambre au calme donnant sur la cour intérieure offre un second lit 2 places, un petit bureau et des rangements. La salle de bain avec petite baignoire et le lave-linge. Les WC sont indépendants. L'entrée avec dressing. 	"Votre nouveau nid, se trouve dans une petite rue au calme, tout en étant à 2 pas de cafés, restaurants, commerces, jardins… Vous y trouverez : Un salon de 18m2 avec cuisine américaine toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, 4 plaques, frigo et congélateur, micro-onde, et tous les ustensiles et vaisselle) . Dans le salon également : un lit-placard de 2 places,  TV, WIFI, station Ipod. La chambre au calme donnant sur la cour intérieure offre un second lit 2 places, un petit bureau et des rangements. La salle de bain avec petite baignoire et le lave-linge. Les WC sont indépendants. L'entrée avec dressing. 1) METROS : à 5 minutes à pieds - Ligne 13 : ""Pernety ""  : direct Montparnasse (5 mn), Champs Elysées (15mn) - Ligne 4 : "" Mouton Duvernet"" / ""Alésia"" : direct pour le centre de Paris (en 15mn) : Saint Germain des près, quartier latin, Notre Dame, la Seine, l’Ile Saint Louis… 2) BUS : 3 minutes à pieds Lignes 58, 28  quartier latin 20 mn, jardin du Luxembourg 15mn, gare Montparnasse 5mn et "
24645	Sandrine and I welcome you in our home. Great location to visit Paris, and nice area to leave like a parisian. We leave here since 2013 with our son Axel 4  years old.	80m2 modern appartment (6th floor)  with 2 bedrooms  : 1 with parental bed and 1 with single bed (possible to add 1 single bed or baby bed). Many shops& restaurants close to our flat, 10 min metro to go to Champs Elysées and other places of interest. Sandrine and I welcome you in our home. Great location to visit Paris, and nice area to leave like a parisian. We leave here since 2013 with our son Axel 4  years old. WIFI, International TV channels Private parking car,... 1 minute from Plaisance station (metro line 13) and bus (line 62). 10 minutes fromMontparnasse Railway station. 30 minutes from Orly airport 60 minutes from Charles de Gaulle Airport
24646		bel appartement, bien équipé, cuisine complète, salle de bain-wc séparé, chambre avec tv, long couloir et grand salon avec grand canapé d'angle, free internet vue sur stade (sans vis a vis ) surface 58 m2.
24647		Please no smoking in the flat, no noise to 9pm at 10am ,no laud music . Leave everything cleaning . I have internet and wc separate to bad rom.  Supplement for extra person 20 euros.
24648		Chambre avec grand lit Surface environ 12m2 avec salle de bain privative Immeuble situé à 200m de la gare Montparnasse; accessible 24h/24 Accès chambre à partir de 14H-Possibilité de dépôt des bagages à la réception ouverte 24h/24,que ce soit à l'arrivée le matin et au départ. Etablissement situé à 200m de la gare TGV Montparnasse Ligne de métro 4,6,12 et 13
24649	Apartment at last floor, 3dr floor (no elevator), 60m2, 645 ft2, with a double exposition, very bright and quiet (Living-room upon the street with very isolated windows), kitchen and bed-room on a quiet and gardened courtyard). First level : Large living-room, a kitchen very well equiped (including dishwasher), toilets, a bedroom for 1 people (single bed), 1 private bathroom, stairs in the living-room to get to the 2nd level. 2nd level: Bedroom (open to the living-room, double bed) for 2 people, a large private bathroom. The apartment is located near food shops : supermarket, bakery, butcher, wine shop, vegetable market; near Metro stations, near Bus stations and very well connected to many touristic places. Close also to many restaurants and cafes. You will come easily from Airports (RER B or Direct Air France coaches) and from Gare Montparnasse. Price includes Internet unlimited, Television, Bedlinen/Bath towels, and Cleaning at the end of your stay. You need to pay electricity (ligh	Very bright and quiet 2 bedrooms with 2 private bathrooms flat near Montparnasse station, near to RER B (direct access CDG airport) and public transport. Apartment at last floor, 3dr floor (no elevator), 60m2, 645 ft2, with a double exposition, very bright and quiet (Living-room upon the street with very isolated windows), kitchen and bed-room on a quiet and gardened courtyard). First level : Large living-room, a kitchen very well equiped (including dishwasher), toilets, a bedroom for 1 people (single bed), 1 private bathroom, stairs in the living-room to get to the 2nd level. 2nd level: Bedroom (open to the living-room, double bed) for 2 people, a large private bathroom. The apartment is located near food shops : supermarket, bakery, butcher, wine shop, vegetable market; near Metro stations, near Bus stations and very well connected to many touristic places. Close also to many restaurants and cafes. You will come easily from Airports (RER B or Direct Air France coaches) and from Gare 
24650	Un vrai deux pièces, lumineux, qui permet de se sentir vraiment chez soit. Avec son lit de 160 et la canapé d'angle convertible, c'est toute une famille qui peut profiter d'un séjour sur Paris! Petit appartement de 30m², très bien organisé!	Cosy apartement in the heart of 14th arrondissement. Located in a very central district, at 5min from Montparnasse tower, close to Denfert Rochereau metro station,  with all shops, restaurants, french bakeries, all around.
24651		Appartement lumineux de 40m2 constitué d'une chambre, salon, SdB avec wc et cuisine indépendante au 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble moderne avec gardien.
24652		巴黎14区Studio临时短租，电视，无线，WC，浴室。 Studio for renting 14th arrondissement in (website hidden), WIFI, WC, Shower.
24653	Charming flat  in the 4th floor with elevator of a building of the 30s, in the middle of a green courtyard in a quiet district, very well served by the public transportation (subway, bus, tramway) and surrounded with convenience stores.  The famous Porte de Vanves flea market is just located behind the building.  Montparnasse district is accessible in 5 mn by subway and it takes only 5 mn by tramway to reach Paris exhibition hall Porte de Versailles.  58 bus which stops near by, drives you to Châtelet (heart of Paris) through Montparnasse, Luxembourg garden, Saint-Germain-des-Prés and the City hall.  Reaching the flat is very easy from airports, railway stations and also by road, but parking your car is expensive in Paris. The 12 m2 bedroom, is equiped with a double bed (width 140 cms) and    a cupboard with a large mirror.  The ancient style French furniture emphazises the original and warm decoration Wi-Fi Internet connection is available inside the bedroom.  The bathroom is common t	Charming flat  in the 4th floor with elevator of a building of the 30s, in the middle of a green courtyard in a quiet district, very well served by the public transportation (subway, bus, tramway) and surrounded with convenience stores.  The famous Porte de Vanves flea market is just located behind the building.  Montparnasse district is accessible in 5 mn by subway and it takes only 5 mn by tramway to reach Paris exhibition hall Porte de Versailles.  58 bus which stops near by, drives you to Châtelet (heart of Paris) through Montparnasse, Luxembourg garden, Saint-Germain-des-Prés and the City hall.  Reaching the flat is very easy from airports, railway stations and also by road, but parking your car is expensive in Paris. The 12 m2 bedroom, is equiped with a double bed (width 140 cms) and    a cupboard with a large mirror.  The ancient style French furniture emphazises the original and warm decoration Wi-Fi Internet connection is available inside the bedroom.  The bathroom is common t
24654	"You enter a cosy and bright living-room and reach then the second room, the ""studio"" one: comfortable double bed, fitted kitchen, separate bathroom and WC."	"Warm and welcome 2-room apartment (30 sq metres) in a lively semi-pedestrian street (restaurants, food, etc.) but very quiet since it is located on the 3rd floor at the backyard (no elevator). You enter a cosy and bright living-room and reach then the second room, the ""studio"" one: comfortable double bed, fitted kitchen, separate bathroom and WC. I will be on a trip but still available to interact with guests. In any case, I'll give you the contact details of my friend who can help you when you'll be there. If you wish, I can also give you advice beforehand. You will find just nearby all the shops you might need. The apartment is also located a few steps from Paris catacombs (that I strongly recommend). Other interesting places to visit in the area: the ""Observatoire de Paris"" which is the oldest observatory in the world and the ""Fondation Cartier"". You can also have a (email hidden) du Montparnasse""(where you can visit burial places of famous men and women: Maupassant, Baudelaire, Gai"
24655	A 17m² flat, very convenient for one or two people (double bed) who whish to visit Paris during a weekend !	Small flat, perfect for two people. Well-located near Montparnasse Station and the Orly shuttles.
24656	The view is incredible!!	Appartment with separated bathroom and kitchen. The living room contains one big bed and a single (website hidden), Hifi, Wifi, sheets, towels included.  The most interesting point is the view of Paris: you can see the main monument of the city (Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, etc...) The view is incredible!! Elevator It depends on my availabilities... Tous commerces Métro Alésia sur la ligne 4 (10 minutes de châtelet)
24657	Big volumes, big spaces, lots of luminosity and clarity give this vast apartment a lot of cachet. With its two double bedrooms, the place can host up to 4 people, whether it be a family or a group of friends. The huge and comfy living-room with its private balcony will allow you to rest after a long day walking across Paris and the kitchen is totally ready to be used to cook either an egg or a more elaborate French meal! Bonus: there is a bathtub.	A few steps away from the beautiful Park Montsouris, welcome to my vast and bright apartment. Two bedrooms, a bathtub, a balcony, a big living-room and a fully equiped kitchen make it the perfect place to stay in while visiting Paris. Big volumes, big spaces, lots of luminosity and clarity give this vast apartment a lot of cachet. With its two double bedrooms, the place can host up to 4 people, whether it be a family or a group of friends. The huge and comfy living-room with its private balcony will allow you to rest after a long day walking across Paris and the kitchen is totally ready to be used to cook either an egg or a more elaborate French meal! Bonus: there is a bathtub. The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need any s
24658	You will enter in  the living room with comfortable sofa bed for 2  people, table and chairs, dressing, radio (overlooking on a lovely courtyard and roofs of Paris so very quiet) Modern and equipped kitchen (microwave, mini oven grill, ceramic hob, fridge, washing machine, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, dishes and utensils), with a window overlooking on the courtyard, On the opposite: a small TV room with sofa and armchairs, WiFi (window on the street) A modern bathroom with a small bath, sink and storage, beams and marble separate WC with sink.	Apartment, 30m2, safe and bright, 6th floor (elevator then a few steps) of an old building (door code and intercom), charming and bright, with beams and floor tiles,  metro Edgard Quinet or Vavin, central, welknown, lot of life and shops You will enter in  the living room with comfortable sofa bed for 2  people, table and chairs, dressing, radio (overlooking on a lovely courtyard and roofs of Paris so very quiet) Modern and equipped kitchen (microwave, mini oven grill, ceramic hob, fridge, washing machine, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, dishes and utensils), with a window overlooking on the courtyard, On the opposite: a small TV room with sofa and armchairs, WiFi (window on the street) A modern bathroom with a small bath, sink and storage, beams and marble separate WC with sink. Bed linen and towels provided. The person in charge of the apartment will meet you on site and will help you throughout your stay. Many food shops, restaurants, cafes, markets, cinemas ... and all for shopping 
24659	Completely renovated Parisian studio situated in the 14th quarter right next to the Alesia lively neighborhood. The appartment is charming and has a very big terasse for you to sit outside and enjoy the private garden it overlooks * New Kitchen with all appliances * Modern bathroom * A video Projector for movies & TV * The apartment can comfortably fit 3 people (a couple + 1) * The apartment is very sunny!!! and very quiet! *** A beautiful Terasse overlooking a private garden * Alesia is a very lovely neighborhood * Very close to Denfert and to the Catacombes * easy access to CDG and Orly airports (by RER-B) * Parc Montsouris (The best one in Paris!!!) * Amazing Restaurants (very reasonably priced) * Alesia metro (line 4) == 50 meters walk! * Denfert-Rochereau (RER-B) few minutes walk with direct access to the airports (CDG & Orly) * Montparnasse train station is at the end of the street * Free Fast WiFi network * Free phone-calls to over 100 countries (Fixed line only) * HiFi system w	Completely renovated Parisian studio situated in the 14th quarter right next to the Alesia lively neighborhood. The appartment is charming and has a very big terasse for you to sit outside and enjoy the private garden it overlooks Completely renovated Parisian studio situated in the 14th quarter right next to the Alesia lively neighborhood. The appartment is charming and has a very big terasse for you to sit outside and enjoy the private garden it overlooks * New Kitchen with all appliances * Modern bathroom * A video Projector for movies & TV * The apartment can comfortably fit 3 people (a couple + 1) * The apartment is very sunny!!! and very quiet! *** A beautiful Terasse overlooking a private garden * Alesia is a very lovely neighborhood * Very close to Denfert and to the Catacombes * easy access to CDG and Orly airports (by RER-B) * Parc Montsouris (The best one in Paris!!!) * Amazing Restaurants (very reasonably priced) * Alesia metro (line 4) == 50 meters walk! * Denfert-Rocherea
24660	A little room flat very cosy, 15m2, 15 meter away from Montsouris.  Ideal for a couple of capital visit lovers. Shops and supermarkets close by.  Direct train between the two airports, and Orlybus in front of the appartment.  Excellent value for money. Pleasant and bright. One 15m² bedroom mezzanine with a confortable double bed (160 x 200 cm) Tempur (Great quality for back pain) And a double folding bed is available below. Free Washing on demand (we live in the appartment upstair) A dining table, the folding bed acts as a sofa.  Internet + WIFI. Small kitchen fully equiped (two-ring cooker + fridge + oven (microwave // electrical)) Small bathroom and toilets. I would be glad to give some advice to help my guests, practical and touristic tricks and provide an area map with shops and tube stations access. 	Come enjoy one of the most beautiful Parc of Paris in the Rive Gauche. A little room flat very cosy, 15m2, 15 meter away from Montsouris.  Ideal for a couple of capital visit lovers. Shops and supermarkets close by.  Direct train between the two airports, and Orlybus in front of the appartment.  Excellent value for money. Pleasant and bright. One 15m² bedroom mezzanine with a confortable double bed (160 x 200 cm) Tempur (Great quality for back pain) And a double folding bed is available below. Free Washing on demand (we live in the appartment upstair) A dining table, the folding bed acts as a sofa.  Internet + WIFI. Small kitchen fully equiped (two-ring cooker + fridge + oven (microwave // electrical)) Small bathroom and toilets. I would be glad to give some advice to help my guests, practical and touristic tricks and provide an area map with shops and tube stations access. Use the RATP app or Citymapper on your smartphone. 2 tube lines less than 10 min walk, the most pratical are :  -
24661	Notre logement témoigne de beaucoup de voyages. Chaleur, ambiance sont omniprésentes.  Proche de la porte de Versailles, accès par le tramway au parc des expositions, tour Eiffel, tour Montparnasse, catacombes ... Accès centre très rapide.	Appartement chaleureux. Proche des commodités pour bouger dans Paris, métro, bus, tramway c'est l'idéal sans voiture, sans oublier les vélib ;) Nous pouvons héberger jusqu'à 7 personnes maximum, en comptant le canapé lit du salon (bon matelas !). Notre logement témoigne de beaucoup de voyages. Chaleur, ambiance sont omniprésentes.  Proche de la porte de Versailles, accès par le tramway au parc des expositions, tour Eiffel, tour Montparnasse, catacombes ... Accès centre très rapide. Tout est accessible, dans le respect de notre intimité, avec la wifi et les TV. Nous serons présents pour vous accueillir. Nous pouvons être là ou pas pendant votre séjour chez nous. Boutiques, boulangerie ... Tramway, bus, métro accès au centre de Paris très facilement et rapidement.
24662	Grand loft, terrasse arboré de 40 m2, calme, beaucoup de rangement . 5 min Denfert Rochereau (navette pour aéroport d'Orly), 5 min de la gare Montparnasse, 10 min des champs Elysée. Machine à laver, four micro onde combiné, wifi.	Loft de 47 m2 à 5 min de la gare Montparnasse, sur rue calme très confortable, SDB avec baignoire, terrasse arboré. Grand lit 2 places, canapé lit, cuisine équipé , idéal pour votre séjour à Paris. Grand loft, terrasse arboré de 40 m2, calme, beaucoup de rangement . 5 min Denfert Rochereau (navette pour aéroport d'Orly), 5 min de la gare Montparnasse, 10 min des champs Elysée. Machine à laver, four micro onde combiné, wifi. SDB avec baignoire, Internet, machine à laver, terrasse privative, cuisine équipé, nombreux rangement. Contact par telephone Quartier très vivant, cinéma d'Alesia, rue Daguerre, Montparnasse, plusieurs ligne de métro L13 Pernety et L4 Alésia ou Mouton Duvernet. Tous commerces à proximité. Navette Orlybus de l'aéroport d'Orly jusqu'à Denfert Rochereau. Gare Montparnasse.
24663	Charmant appartement parisien, situé dans le quartier Daguerre (village, commerces, restaurants au cœur de Paris) dans un immeuble au 1er étage avec ascenseur.  3 pièces : un salon avec canapé-lit pour 2 personnes (pour quelques nuits), une chambre adulte, 1 grande chambre enfant avec un lit d'une personne transformable en grand lit de deux personnes, 1 salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine très fonctionnelle (lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge, four-micro ondes, bouilloire, plaques vitrocéramiques), télé câblée, accès wifi. Atmosphère zen, chaleureuse, au centre de tout. Lovely Parisian flat, located on the 1rst floor  with lift in a very nice pedestrian quarter Daguerre (a village in Paris, lots of shops and restaurants).  A 3 rooms appartment : 1/ a nice and spacious bedroom, 2/ a big children bedroom, with one bed can be transformed in one big bed for two.  3/ the principal room with cable TV, wifi, sofa where can sleep 2 people but for few nights... A bathroom with bath. A  	Charmant appartement parisien 52 m2 , situé dans le quartier Daguerre dans un immeuble au 1er étage.  3 pièces : salon avec canapé-lit (2 personnes) , chambre adulte, chambre enfant avec lit d'1 personne transformable en grand lit de 2 personnes. Charmant appartement parisien, situé dans le quartier Daguerre (village, commerces, restaurants au cœur de Paris) dans un immeuble au 1er étage avec ascenseur.  3 pièces : un salon avec canapé-lit pour 2 personnes (pour quelques nuits), une chambre adulte, 1 grande chambre enfant avec un lit d'une personne transformable en grand lit de deux personnes, 1 salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine très fonctionnelle (lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge, four-micro ondes, bouilloire, plaques vitrocéramiques), télé câblée, accès wifi. Atmosphère zen, chaleureuse, au centre de tout. Lovely Parisian flat, located on the 1rst floor  with lift in a very nice pedestrian quarter Daguerre (a village in Paris, lots of shops and restaurants).  A 3 rooms ap
24664	Very rare near by Parc MONTSOURIS. In  townhouse in VILLA SEURA Henry Miller neighbor , family apartment for 6 with 2 separated bedrooms. On the 3rd level in an house (of the Art Deco period)  built on 3 levels . This former artist’s atelier has been totally renovated in 2015 and transformed into a comfortable and spacious apartment ideally situated in a quiet and private street without cars.  It features reception room of 750 sq.m with kitchen. The apartment features 2 bedrooms including each a bathroom with shower and silk. Several orientations, bright property.  All the furniture and equipment are brand new and create a very cozy atmosphere. The apartment offers on the 3rd floor one really pleasant living space with a bright and peaceful salon and an adjacent fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms with bathrooms in suite.	Very rare near by Parc MONTSOURIS. In  townhouse in VILLA SEURA Henry Miller neighbor , family apartment for 6 with 2 separated bedrooms. On the 3rd level in an house (of the Art Deco period)  built on 3 levels . This former artist’s atelier has been totally renovated in 2015 and transformed into a comfortable and spacious apartment ideally situated in a quiet and private street without cars.  It features reception room of 750 sq.m with kitchen. The apartment features 2 bedrooms including each a bathroom with shower and silk. Several orientations, bright property.  All the furniture and equipment are brand new and create a very cozy atmosphere. The apartment offers on the 3rd floor one really pleasant living space with a bright and peaceful salon and an adjacent fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms with bathrooms in suite. The area is an authentic part of Paris where everything is close at hand to make the everyday part of Parisian living ( bars, bistrot, cinemas, parc Montsouris. There 
24665	-Furnished with contemporary objects and lightings -1 bedroom; 1 x queen size bed, or 2 x twin bed  - the living room has a confortable sofa. This also converts into a great bed. -decent kitchen with, with basic objects and équipements (washing machine, coffee and the maker, fridge, oven and cooking table, …) -1 bathroom with basic but hight amenities (soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, cleaning supplies) -high speed wireless internet  	1 apartment in a very nice modern designed building, in the 13th floor with a very large bay windows. Very sunny, lots of light and wonderful views of Paris.    -Furnished with contemporary objects and lightings -1 bedroom; 1 x queen size bed, or 2 x twin bed  - the living room has a confortable sofa. This also converts into a great bed. -decent kitchen with, with basic objects and équipements (washing machine, coffee and the maker, fridge, oven and cooking table, …) -1 bathroom with basic but hight amenities (soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, cleaning supplies) -high speed wireless internet  The day you arrive you feel like at home. Sheets, linens, towels and all bathroom toiletries can be used. I'm ready to answer questions and help before, during and after your stay. Quiet street in super-hip Montparnasse in the heart of Paris. Minutes away from all famous places of Paris (Montparnasse tower, Eiffel tower, Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Champs-Élysées, Louvre, Les Tuileries, Luxembour
24666		Bel appartement de 52m carrés entièrement rénové. 1 chambre avec lit double, un salon avec grande tv et wifi, 1 cuisine toute équipée,  1 salle de bain et 1 autre salon avec matelas gonflable 2 pers . Terrasse extérieure aménagée entourée de plantes.
24667		Métro Plaisance (13) , proches commerces + transports 4e, ascenceur, sur cour 1 salon/ chambre ac 1 Clic clac, 1 table+ 3 chaises 1 chambre ac 1 lit simple+ penderie 1 sdb 1 cuisine équipée avec 4 couverts.  libre du 17 juillet au 30 août
24668		Bonjour, nous souhaitons vous proposer notre appartement avec très bon emplacement ! Appartement 70m2 proche gare Montparnasse, à proximité des métros L4,6,13, et de tous les commerces !  pour toutes infos complémentaires, n'hésitez pas ! accès à la totalité du logement. pas de pièces fermées. Je serai présent pour vous remettre les clefs lors de votre arrivé. quartier 14eme arrondissement plutôt résidentiel. Proximité de Montparnasse parking VINCI à proximité de l'appartement.
24669	Notre appartement est conçu et aménagé pour faciliter une vie conviviale et assez grand pour respecter l'intimité de chacun.	Room to rent (seen on the Eiffel Tower) very close to stations bus-subway and streetcar, at 15 minutes of the station Montparnasse, in front of flea market of Porte-de-Vanves. District calms down with direct access to food stores and restaurants.
24670	"A view from Montmartre to the Eiffel tower ( even while taking a bath )  Renovated and central  A nice outdoor at the 8th floor (with lift) to enjoy the View and a Nice breakfast (close to one of the best ""boulangerie"" in Paris ) "	"One modern flat (60m2) close to Montparnasse and St Germain des Prés .  You will enjoy seeing the Eiffel tower from the bedroom and Montmartre from the living room and its Terrace Bathroom with bath and shower. Close to the subway (Line 4, 6 and 13) A view from Montmartre to the Eiffel tower ( even while taking a bath )  Renovated and central  A nice outdoor at the 8th floor (with lift) to enjoy the View and a Nice breakfast (close to one of the best ""boulangerie"" in Paris ) Free internet and TV ( including canal plus if you want to watch english or french movies )  Washing machine + dish washer  Feel free to contact me for any tips or information  Central in paris  Close to St Germain des prés  A lot of french restaurants and cafe very close  Metro Line 4, 6 and 13"
24671	This room, located at Denfert Rochereau, in at 10 minutes walking from the Latin Quarter and 2 mins from RER et underground. The studio is equipped with a standard bed, a nice bathroom, a microwave, a small refrigirator. It leads to a courtyard (so its very quiet). But just contact me if you need any information. 	This room, located at Denfert Rochereau, in at 10 minutes walking from the Latin Quarter and 2 mins from RER et underground. The studio is equipped with a standard bed, a nice bathroom, a microwave, a small refrigirator. It leads to a courtyard (so its very quiet). But just contact me if you need any information. 
24672	Location. This Paris rental flat is near the Daguerre street, close to the Montparnasse area. Here you will find a fish shop, a bakery,a cheese shop, the best butcher in Paris and everything you could dream of, as well as many pleasant restaurants.The neighbourhood is safe, very pleasant and very Parisian. Twice a week a farmers market will sell you fresh products one block away. The closest RER stop to this Paris apartment, Denfert Rochereau, is directly connected to both Parisian airports, and from the closest subway stop, Mouton-Duvernet, you will reach Notre Dame in less than 15 minutes.   Standing. The apartment is on the fifth floor, in a Hausmannian building with a lift and secured by a code and an intercom. It has been refurbished in the past few months. Furnished with taste with original and genuine items, it has all the comfort you can expect and a two-sides view on the rootops of the City Hall nearby. It is composed of a living room, a separated bedroom, a bathroom with bath	Nice and typical, near the lively rue Daguerre in the Montparnasse area.The neighbourhood is safe, very pleasant and very Parisian. Twice a week a farmers market is just one block away. The closest RER stop is directly connected to both airports.
24673		The room we are renting out is the living room, it's separated with a door towards the hallway, and a curtain towards the kitchen. You will still be able to have your privacy. You will have the living room only for you, we will share the kitchen, toilet and bathroom. Please indicate your time of arrival and departure when making a reservation request. It's a calm, secure and family friendly area, with a lively bar street just a few minutes away, in a walking distance. The closest metro station is Gaité line 13, but you are very close to Gare Montparnasse.
24674	Logement de type parisien avec une très belle vue , parfait pour visiter Paris .	Chambre confortable et tout confort dans un appartement 3 pièces  en plein cœur de Paris . Tout à proximité , quartier agréable , proche de nombreux sites touristiques , très bonne communication . Logement de type parisien avec une très belle vue , parfait pour visiter Paris . Accès salon , Tv avec chaînes internationales , internet , cuisine , salle de bain Quartier Montparnasse , permet de nombreuses promenades , jardin du Luxembourg a proximité Gare de train à 5 min. Métro lignes (phone number hidden) sans ascenseur  non fumeur / non smocking
24675	Common rooms (kitchen, bathroom) have to be shared with a very nice flatmate who will know how to advice you in your visits of Paris. Booking is for at least one week. Discount price of 700€ / the month of august.  In the heart of the 14th area of Paris - 30 minute walk from Montparnasse Tower (10min bike, and 4 min by subway) and only 15 minutes walk from the Catacombs of Paris ! 10 min walk to the metro station Alesia (line 4) 5 min to the metro station Plaisance (line 13) 30 min to metro station Châtelet Metro Alésia (10min walking)  and Plaisance(5min walking) Bus 58 to Châtelet ( 1 min walking) Tram T3 (2 min walking)	Bright and comfortable bedroom of 13m2, in apartment of 40m2 with wooden floor. The apartment is fully furnished, kitchen equipped with wifi, washing machine, vacuum cleaner, oven, micro wave. Perfect place to have a rest after a long walking day. Common rooms (kitchen, bathroom) have to be shared with a very nice flatmate who will know how to advice you in your visits of Paris. Booking is for at least one week. Discount price of 700€ / the month of august.  In the heart of the 14th area of Paris - 30 minute walk from Montparnasse Tower (10min bike, and 4 min by subway) and only 15 minutes walk from the Catacombs of Paris ! 10 min walk to the metro station Alesia (line 4) 5 min to the metro station Plaisance (line 13) 30 min to metro station Châtelet Metro Alésia (10min walking)  and Plaisance(5min walking) Bus 58 to Châtelet ( 1 min walking) Tram T3 (2 min walking) In the heart of the 14th area of Paris - 30 minute walk from Montparnasse Tower (10min bike, and 4 min by subway) and onl
24676		L'appartement est propre, une décoration sobre et réfléchie qui satisfait tous les goûts. Il est situé en  plein 14eme arrondissement de Paris, entre Alésia et Porte d'Orléans. Il est équipé de tout ce qui est nécessaire pour faciliter votre séjour.
24677		Appartement typiquement Parisien dans immeuble Hausmanien de 75 m2 très lumineux 4éme étage avec ascenseur; proche de tous commerces métro Alésia au pied de l'immeuble ,bus (phone number hidden) à 2mn . Appartement tout confort.
24678	il est face a un parc super cool et tres beau une vue tres degagée,il baigne dans la lumiere et le soleil il est aussi a quelques minutes du centre de paris 	lumineux,vue sur un grand parc et paris transport a 2 minutes.Centre de Paris à 10minutes 3 pieces ,appartement avec terrasse, dans un immeuble contemporain de 1960; deux chambres,un sejour,une salle de bains,une cuisine typique des années 1960. il est face a un parc super cool et tres beau une vue tres degagée,il baigne dans la lumiere et le soleil il est aussi a quelques minutes du centre de paris a tout l appartement ; pas de fumeurs et pas d'enfants desolé :-) non 14 em RER  B cité universitaire
24679	This one bedroom furnsihed apartment of 65 square meters is located rue d'Alesia in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.  It consists of a living / dining room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a bathroom. The benefits are good, the decor is neat. It will offer you all modern amenities and can accommodate up to 4 people. Note that the apartment was completely renovated in early 2013. It is served by the metro station Alesia (Line 4). The living/dining room has a surface of approximately 30 sqm. It has 3 windows facing Northeast and is equipped with : a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 armchairs, and a coffee table. The bedroom has a surface of about 13 sqm - 140 sqft. It has one window and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, 2 single beds, a closet, an ensuite bathroom and a nightstand. The bathroom consists of tiled floor, shower, a sink, an hairdryer and separate toilet with one window.	This one bedroom furnsihed apartment of 65 square meters is located rue d'Alesia in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.  It consists of a living / dining room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a bathroom. The benefits are good, the decor is neat. It will offer you all modern amenities and can accommodate up to 4 people. Note that the apartment was completely renovated in early 2013. It is served by the metro station Alesia (Line 4). The living/dining room has a surface of approximately 30 sqm. It has 3 windows facing Northeast and is equipped with : a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 2 armchairs, and a coffee table. The bedroom has a surface of about 13 sqm - 140 sqft. It has one window and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, 2 single beds, a closet, an ensuite bathroom and a nightstand. The bathroom consists of tiled floor, shower, a sink, an hairdryer and separate toilet with one window. The following equipment is at your disposal : - Wireless I
24680	Studio (30m2) au premier étage avec pièce principale constituée de 2 canapés-lits doubles, une table ronde, un bureau et une armoire avec penderie et tiroirs à disposition. Jolie salle de bain avec baignoire et sèche-serviettes. Cuisine équipée séparée avec mini-four, bouilloire et lave-linge tout à disposition. Wi-fi et câble Ethernet. Idéal couple ou parents avec deux enfants petit budget.	Idéal vacances en couple, avec éventuellement  1 ou 2 enfants. Quartier très calme et proche toutes commodités (Super U, fast-food ...) notamment vélib, M4, M6 et RER B (Denfert-Rochereau, Alésia). Wifi, lave-linge, sèche-serviettes. Studio (30m2) au premier étage avec pièce principale constituée de 2 canapés-lits doubles, une table ronde, un bureau et une armoire avec penderie et tiroirs à disposition. Jolie salle de bain avec baignoire et sèche-serviettes. Cuisine équipée séparée avec mini-four, bouilloire et lave-linge tout à disposition. Wi-fi et câble Ethernet. Idéal couple ou parents avec deux enfants petit budget. Lave-linge, frigo, plaques électriques, mini-four, bouilloire et sèche-serviettes seront à votre disposition ainsi que la vaisselle et l'accès wifi.  Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Nous serons présents pour la remise des clés lors de votre arrivée et resterons joignables par téléphone /sms/mail durant tout votre séjour. Appartement situé dans un quartier très ca
24681	This spacious apartment is located on the 1st floor via elevator in a peaceful building of Villa d'Alesia, one of the quietest parisian streets that many famous people choose to live. It is composed by 2 bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a separated toilet. Its brightness (it has 4 very big windows), the space organization and the functionality are some of the many reasons for loving it. A number of closets make this apartment very pleasant to stay. The main bedroom has a big double bed that can easily turn in two single beds and a big closet. The second bedroom, that is very bright, is equipped by a comfortable double sofa bed, a closet and a big desk. The bathroom (access from the hallway) is simple and functional; the toilet room is a separated from the bathroom and has the access from the hallway. The living room has a very comfortable sofa and its dining table can fit four people; it is very bright thanks to his big french window that facing o	This spacious apartment is located on the 1st floor via elevator in a peaceful building of Villa d'Alesia, one of the quietest parisian streets that many famous people choose to live. It is composed by 2 bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a separated toilet. Its brightness (it has 4 very big windows), the space organization and the functionality are some of the many reasons for loving it. A number of closets make this apartment very pleasant to stay. The main bedroom has a big double bed that can easily turn in two single beds and a big closet. The second bedroom, that is very bright, is equipped by a comfortable double sofa bed, a closet and a big desk. The bathroom (access from the hallway) is simple and functional; the toilet room is a separated from the bathroom and has the access from the hallway. The living room has a very comfortable sofa and its dining table can fit four people; it is very bright thanks to his big french window that facing o
24682	"Le studio est clair, en rez-de-chaussée, avec un canapé lit de marque très confortable Il y a tout pour y passer un séjour très agréable et si besoin de qq chose je suis à votre écoute. Le quartier compte des squares , des restaurants ""terroir"" bons et peu chers, un complexe cinéma/restaurant/scène musicale...Et je vous dirai les bonnes adresses... My English is not fluent but if you speak a little French: a little attention we can communicate well, so ... The studio is clear, on the ground floor, with a sofa very comfortable signature bed There is everything to spend a very pleasant stay and if need sth I am listening to you. The district has squares, restaurants ""terroir"" good and cheap, a cinema complex / restaurant / music scene ... And I will tell you Qype ..."	"Nice studio metro Plaisance PARIS near station Montparnasse. Beautiful living room on quiet courtyard, bathroom, kitchen and building nice street near shops and transport. 20 mn from Notre Dame, the Eiffel Tower, Line 13 to Champs in 10 minutes. Le studio est clair, en rez-de-chaussée, avec un canapé lit de marque très confortable Il y a tout pour y passer un séjour très agréable et si besoin de qq chose je suis à votre écoute. Le quartier compte des squares , des restaurants ""terroir"" bons et peu chers, un complexe cinéma/restaurant/scène musicale...Et je vous dirai les bonnes adresses... My English is not fluent but if you speak a little French: a little attention we can communicate well, so ... The studio is clear, on the ground floor, with a sofa very comfortable signature bed There is everything to spend a very pleasant stay and if need sth I am listening to you. The district has squares, restaurants ""terroir"" good and cheap, a cinema complex / restaurant / music scene ... And I w"
24683		Charmant appartement à Montparnasse pour vacances d'été.
24684	Il es idéal pour un couple ! Le salon est  élégant, sobre et lumineux , équipé d'une table, qui vous permettra de prendre vos repas tranquillement.  Vous pourrez utiliser la TV et Internet en wifi. 	Mon appartement chic pour 2 personnes,  est au cœur du quartier Montparnasse , et à quelques pas du Jardin du Luxembourg .  Il est situé dans une rue où des artistes célèbres avaient élus domicile ( Modigliani, Giacometti, Kandinsky, Miro, Picasso ) Il es idéal pour un couple ! Le salon est  élégant, sobre et lumineux , équipé d'une table, qui vous permettra de prendre vos repas tranquillement.  Vous pourrez utiliser la TV et Internet en wifi. Le métro le plus proche est à 150 mètres ( Raspail ) De l'appartement vous pourrez aller à pied, vous promener au jardin du Luxembourg, visiter le Panthéon, la fondation Cartier, le musée Zadkine , grimper en haut de la tour Montparnasse pour sa vue unique sur tout Paris , déambuler vers les cafés du boulevard Saint Germain ou autour de Saint Sulpice. Si vous désirez aller plus loin, vous êtes - à 2 minutes du RER Port Royal qui desserre les gares de Roissy Charles de Gaulle et d'Orly, - à 4 minutes de la ligne de Bus 91, 83 ou 38 - à 5 minutes d
24685	This inner-courtyard apartment is located in a street perpendicular to rue d'Alésia in which numerous shops, restaurants and bars can be found. Hence, it is both quiet and near (within 5 minutes walk) a very dynamic place. Located on third floor (with an elevator), it is fully and cosily furnished. The surface is fifty square meters (540 square feet). There is one living room, one large bedroom with a large bed, one kitchen and one bathroom.	This one-bedroom apartment is located in the dynamic neighborhood of Alesia. Perfect for a coupe, iIt is in direct line (either 4 or 13) with the major spots in Paris (Notre Dame, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Luxembourg, Champs-Elysées, Montmartre) This inner-courtyard apartment is located in a street perpendicular to rue d'Alésia in which numerous shops, restaurants and bars can be found. Hence, it is both quiet and near (within 5 minutes walk) a very dynamic place. Located on third floor (with an elevator), it is fully and cosily furnished. The surface is fifty square meters (540 square feet). There is one living room, one large bedroom with a large bed, one kitchen and one bathroom. Guests will have access to all the amenities in the kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge...) and in the living room (television, wifi). They can even use my record-table to listen to my many vinyl records. I won't be physically in Paris, but I will be fully available and happy to help via text messages, emails or
24686	The entrance of this 32m² apartment opens onto a living room furnished with an antique table and a sofa bed (140cm), where some wooden framed mirrors and paintings with country motifs complete the decor of the environment, all tinted in warm hues. A touch of elegance is given by the red silk curtain on the window overlooking the courtyard. On the left is the kitchen corner in rustic style, consisting of two counter tops and well equipped with all necessities including dishwasher and microwave. At the end of the room is a huge built-in closet that covers the entire wall, decorated with Maghreb ceramic handles. The central doors of this closet are in fact the actual doors to the bedroom, which presents itself with cool colors and is composed of a double bed (160cm wide), two armchairs upholstered in beige fabric, two nightstands, a dresser, and a beautiful marble fireplace over which hangs a gilt-framed mirror. The window looks out on the passage outside, quiet and very unique, as all th	Romantic and quaint 1 bedroom apartment in Paris, with living room, kitchen corner, double bedroom and bathroom, located on the 1st floor of a building (no elevator) in a characteristic Parisian passage. The entrance of this 32m² apartment opens onto a living room furnished with an antique table and a sofa bed (140cm), where some wooden framed mirrors and paintings with country motifs complete the decor of the environment, all tinted in warm hues. A touch of elegance is given by the red silk curtain on the window overlooking the courtyard. On the left is the kitchen corner in rustic style, consisting of two counter tops and well equipped with all necessities including dishwasher and microwave. At the end of the room is a huge built-in closet that covers the entire wall, decorated with Maghreb ceramic handles. The central doors of this closet are in fact the actual doors to the bedroom, which presents itself with cool colors and is composed of a double bed (160cm wide), two armchairs up
24687	At the heart of the 14th, this chic apartment is very quiet, private areas such as the living room and bedroom are on court. Located at the intersection of two subway lines 4 and 6, it is ideally located for a full tour of Parisian monuments. Its proximity to the RER B gives you direct access to the airports: Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly.	At the heart of the 14th, this chic apartment is very quiet, the 50 m² of private areas like  living room and  bedroom are on court. At the intersection of two subway lines 4 and 6, it is ideally located for a full tour of Parisian monuments.  At the heart of the 14th, this chic apartment is very quiet, private areas such as the living room and bedroom are on court. Located at the intersection of two subway lines 4 and 6, it is ideally located for a full tour of Parisian monuments. Its proximity to the RER B gives you direct access to the airports: Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly. METRO - RER B - BUS - TAXIS STATION - You can join us by mail
24688	Cet appartement est composé d'une pièce principale lumineuse donnant sur cours avec un lit une place très confortable pour 1 personne. La salle de bain est simple et pratique, avec une douche, un lavabo et des toilettes. La cuisine est équipée d'une plaque de cuisson, d'un réfrigérateur et d'un micro-ondes. Elle donne sur la cours intérieure très calme. This calm flat is composed of a main room with a comfortable bed for 1 personne. The bathroom is simple but practical and the kitchen has a nice opening on a small calm courtyard.	Cet appartement très lumineux, calme et au style typiquement parisien avec ses moulures et son parquet est plein de charme et de caractère.  Situé entre Alésia (métro 4) et Plaisance (métro 13), près de Montparnasse et du centre de Paris. Cet appartement est composé d'une pièce principale lumineuse donnant sur cours avec un lit une place très confortable pour 1 personne. La salle de bain est simple et pratique, avec une douche, un lavabo et des toilettes. La cuisine est équipée d'une plaque de cuisson, d'un réfrigérateur et d'un micro-ondes. Elle donne sur la cours intérieure très calme. This calm flat is composed of a main room with a comfortable bed for 1 personne. The bathroom is simple but practical and the kitchen has a nice opening on a small calm courtyard. Toilettes, douche, cuisine, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur. Je répondrais à vos mails dans les plus brefs délais! I will answer really quickly to your mails! Le quartier est très vivant, avec beaucoup de marchés, de boutiques de 
24689	South facing small duplex with a balcony, in a calm street of south Paris. Metro and parks (Montsouris, Cité Universitaire) are close by.  5th and last floor with elevator. The flat is sunny and comfortable, in a recent and well maintained building. One room with a double bed. Living room with a big sofa which turns into a proper double bed, and kitchenette. Washing machine, oven/micro-wave, fridge, freezer. Bathroom with a shower For the fun parts: internet (fiber optic), video projector, Very good italian and indian restaurant around the corner, in case you're too lazy too cook. Montsouris and Cité Universitaire parks are within 5 min walk distance, perfect for jogging or picnic. Catacombes are within 10 mn walk distance. The area is very nice and calm. Connection is very good: 2min from Porte d'Orleans (taxi, metro, tram, bus), 20min from Gare Montparnasse, 30min from Orly (1st stop for the Orly bus is around the corner), 1h from Charles de Gaulle (5min from RER B)	Small duplex with a balcony, on the last floor of a recent building, in a very quiet area. Well equipped, good connection with transport and shops very close. South facing small duplex with a balcony, in a calm street of south Paris. Metro and parks (Montsouris, Cité Universitaire) are close by.  5th and last floor with elevator. The flat is sunny and comfortable, in a recent and well maintained building. One room with a double bed. Living room with a big sofa which turns into a proper double bed, and kitchenette. Washing machine, oven/micro-wave, fridge, freezer. Bathroom with a shower For the fun parts: internet (fiber optic), video projector, Very good italian and indian restaurant around the corner, in case you're too lazy too cook. Montsouris and Cité Universitaire parks are within 5 min walk distance, perfect for jogging or picnic. Catacombes are within 10 mn walk distance. The area is very nice and calm. Connection is very good: 2min from Porte d'Orleans (taxi, metro, tram, bus)
24690	Logement unique, sans vis à vis, hyper lumineux et calme	Découvrez Paris dans ce charmant studio de 23m2 avec grande cuisine séparée et balcon avec petit table, parfait pour les petits déjeuners au soleil! Situé dans une rue calme, l'appartement est très mignon avec un petit coin cheminée. Très lumineux! Accès facile au centre grâce au Metro, facilité de stationnement. Logement unique, sans vis à vis, hyper lumineux et calme Accès à tout le logement, rien que pour vous ! Je ne serais pas présente dans le logement, nous nous verrons seulement pour la remise des clés Sécurité garantie dans un quartier charmant (ambiance petit village), nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité Métro Plaisance à 4 minutes à pied
24691	Terrasse, et grand calme. 	Terrasse, et grand calme. Anytime, I am here to help them in Paris.  TRAMWAY DIDOT MÉTRO PLAISANCE
24692	It's a very nice flat. They it's been organised makes it very convenient even with the low ceiling. The bedroom is big and very comfortable, perfect to relax after a hard day, read or watch a movie. A real cocoon ! And the living room is great to have a drink, eat a bite or work.	It's a very nice flat. They it's been organised makes it very convenient even with the low ceiling. The bedroom is big and very comfortable, perfect to relax after a hard day, read or watch a movie. A real cocoon ! And the living room is great to have a drink, eat a bite or work. I speak english if you need any information or translation. I should be away for the summer so it would a friend who will welcome the guests but I'm at your disposition to answer any of your questions. Denfert Rochereau is a lively neighborhood with the Rue Daguerre nearby, a few bars such as the Indiana and the Café Oz. Alesia isn't far if you want to go see a movie. The center of Paris is only 4 Rer stops away. And at a few minutes walk, you will find the lovely Parc Montsouris and Parc de la Cité Universitaire if you want to go for a jog. Located 5min away from Denfert Rochereau. Métro 4 & 6, Rer B : - Châtelet 15min, - Eiffel Tower 20min, - Champs Elysées 25min, - Gare de Lyon 25min, - Orly Airport 45min, 
24693	- At the first level a stay with large window southeast exposure without face to face and fireplace in functioning, a bathroom with bathtub, toilets separated with window and a fully-equipped kitchen with window. - At the second level, a mezzanine equipped with a sofa bed and a space desk with window, a privative room with a double bed, vast dressing and window with view of the Montparnasse Tower.	"Spacious, clear and quiet. Two minutes of the mythical restaurants ""Le Dôme"" and ""La coupole"", 5mn on foot of the garden ""Le Luxembourg ». 3rd floor with elevator of a building classified. Closed many subways."
24694	I'm renting my comfortable and quiet studio apartment (27m²) in the south of Paris while I'm going on holidays (july-august). The studio is convenient for one person or a couple. It is split into two parts: a living area with a well-equipped kitchen (induction hobs, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle), table and sofa, and a bedroom area with a double bed and a desk. There is also a separate bathroom with a toilet.  Internet broadband. Washing machine. The flat as been entirely renovated four years ago, and the building was renovated this summer ! It is on the fifth floor (without a lift, which is good for your shape!) of a 1920s building in a cul-de-sac. All commodities (grocery store, pharmacy, shops, cafés, cinema, banks, McDonald's, Starbucks, etc) within five minutes' walk.  Very safe and quiet area.  Five minutes' walk from Rue Daguerre, a very nice pedestrian street with bars, restaurants, and markets selling typical French food.  The building is in the south of Paris, in a very co	I'm renting my comfortable and quiet studio apartment (27m²) in the south of Paris while I'm going on holidays (july-august). The studio is convenient for one person or a couple. It is split into two parts: a living area with a well-equipped kitchen (induction hobs, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle), table and sofa, and a bedroom area with a double bed and a desk. There is also a separate bathroom with a toilet.  Internet broadband. Washing machine. The flat as been entirely renovated four years ago, and the building was renovated this summer ! It is on the fifth floor (without a lift, which is good for your shape!) of a 1920s building in a cul-de-sac. All commodities (grocery store, pharmacy, shops, cafés, cinema, banks, McDonald's, Starbucks, etc) within five minutes' walk.  Very safe and quiet area.  Five minutes' walk from Rue Daguerre, a very nice pedestrian street with bars, restaurants, and markets selling typical French food.  The building is in the south of Paris, in a very co
24695		This flat is located in a typical old Parisian building, in the 14th neighborhood of Paris, and only 15 mn away from the Eiffel tower ! It is a charming place where I live with my partner, perfect for a romantic visit of Paris !
24696	a quiet, bright and modern apartment in a really nice area of Paris, lot of family, gardens, everything for (email hidden) of the center of Paris (Saint Germain des Près...)  You will arrive in the living room: a sofa bed for 2 people, books, TV, DVD, WiFi, HiFi, table and chairs, large balcony with table and chairs, plants. Kitchen open on the living room, modern and well equipped: hobs, fridge, Nespresso, toaster, kettle, dishwasher, dishes and utensils. A bedroom with a double bed 140cm, desk, dressing (overlooking on the balcony and garden). A modern shower room with large shower, sink, toilet, washing machine, storage. Many food shops, restaurants, cafes, freshmarkets, cinemas ... and everything for your shoppingin the street. metro Alesia line 4 (direct to center of Paris St Germain des Pres, Odeon, Notre Dame ...) and Plaisance line 13 (direct to Montparnasse, the Champs Elysées ...) Bus 62 in front of the building or 68 (direct to the Orsay museum, the Louvre, the department st	2  rooms charming view on a  garden 45m2 apartment located on the 4th floor (with elevator) of a modern building (with digicode) near metro Alesia, large 5m2 balcony runs along the entire apartment, really QUIET and light a quiet, bright and modern apartment in a really nice area of Paris, lot of family, gardens, everything for (email hidden) of the center of Paris (Saint Germain des Près...)  You will arrive in the living room: a sofa bed for 2 people, books, TV, DVD, WiFi, HiFi, table and chairs, large balcony with table and chairs, plants. Kitchen open on the living room, modern and well equipped: hobs, fridge, Nespresso, toaster, kettle, dishwasher, dishes and utensils. A bedroom with a double bed 140cm, desk, dressing (overlooking on the balcony and garden). A modern shower room with large shower, sink, toilet, washing machine, storage. Many food shops, restaurants, cafes, freshmarkets, cinemas ... and everything for your shoppingin the street. metro Alesia line 4 (direct to cente
24697	This 45m² apartment located on the first floor of a secured building with elevator and is ideal for your professional or your personnal visits of Paris as a couple or family. The apartment is ideally located at the foot of the theatres of the Rue de la Gaite and the Montparnasse train station. The apartment offers a large living room including: - A dining area with a table, 4 chairs and dresser - Seating area with a double sofa-bed (140 * 190cm), TV with Freeview, coffee table and 2 armchairs. There is also a fully equipped kitchen with top bar , refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, extractor, dish, etc. The 11m² room overlooking the inside courtyard offers a double bed (140 * 190cm). The bathroom consists of a sink, a small bathtub / shower and a hair dryer. The toilet is independent. All linens (sheets, towels and dish clothes) are provided and beds are made on arrival. At your disposal: cleaning products to fully enjoy your stay. Additional equipment: Safe, w	This 45m² apartment located on the first floor of a secured building with elevator and is ideal for your professional or your personnal visits of Paris as a couple or family. The apartment is ideally located at the foot of the theatres of the Rue de la Gaite and the Montparnasse train station. This 45m² apartment located on the first floor of a secured building with elevator and is ideal for your professional or your personnal visits of Paris as a couple or family. The apartment is ideally located at the foot of the theatres of the Rue de la Gaite and the Montparnasse train station. The apartment offers a large living room including: - A dining area with a table, 4 chairs and dresser - Seating area with a double sofa-bed (140 * 190cm), TV with Freeview, coffee table and 2 armchairs. There is also a fully equipped kitchen with top bar , refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, extractor, dish, etc. The 11m² room overlooking the inside courtyard offers a double bed (1
24698	Agréable studio de 33 m² situé rue Boulard, métro Denfert- Rochereau (lignes 4, 6 et RER B), angle rue Daguerre, une des rues commerçantes les plus typiques de Paris. A 5 min à pied du boulevard Montparnasse et à 10 min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg.  Bien desservi par les transports : connexion directe pour les aéroports d'Orly et Roissy.  Appartement situé au 5ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur), très calme et lumineux, orientation plein sud, vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris et sur la rue Daguerre.  L'appartement est totalement équipé : lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, télévision, wifi, cuisine avec four traditionnel et 2 plaques de cuisson.    Mes recommandations à proximité : - marché quotidien avec produits du terroir rue Daguerre ; - nombreux restaurants très réputés : les Petites Sorcières de Ghislaine Arabian, le Nouveau Cornichon, etc… - cinéma d’Art et Essais à 2 min à pied : Le Denfert - autres cinémas à moins de 15 minutes à pied : Montparnasse, Alésia, etc... 	Agréable studio de 33 m² situé rue Boulard, métro Denfert- Rochereau (lignes 4, 6 et RER B), angle rue Daguerre, une des rues commerçantes les plus typiques de Paris. A 5 min à pied du boulevard Montparnasse et à 10 min à pied du jardin du Luxembourg.  Bien desservi par les transports : connexion directe pour les aéroports d'Orly et Roissy.  Appartement situé au 5ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur), très calme et lumineux, orientation plein sud, vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris et sur la rue Daguerre.  L'appartement est totalement équipé : lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, télévision, wifi, cuisine avec four traditionnel et 2 plaques de cuisson.    Mes recommandations à proximité : - marché quotidien avec produits du terroir rue Daguerre ; - nombreux restaurants très réputés : les Petites Sorcières de Ghislaine Arabian, le Nouveau Cornichon, etc… - cinéma d’Art et Essais à 2 min à pied : Le Denfert - autres cinémas à moins de 15 minutes à pied : Montparnasse, Alésia, etc... 
24699	décoration originale dans un immeuble de pierre et brique construit dans les années 20, il constitue ma résidence principale et de ce fait est imprégné de mes passions et intérêts pour l'art, la cuisine et mon activité de sculpteur	original très clair rue calme 5ème étage haussmannien capacité 5p: 2 lits doubles 1 lit pliant simple nombreux placards. Cuisine équipée, entrée spacieuse ouverte sur salon avec piano (electr.), cheminée ancienne, bien desservi métro, bus, RER, tram décoration originale dans un immeuble de pierre et brique construit dans les années 20, il constitue ma résidence principale et de ce fait est imprégné de mes passions et intérêts pour l'art, la cuisine et mon activité de sculpteur tout est ouvert et disponible dans l'appartement, bien entendu respecter les modes d'emplois des appareils mis à disposition, qui sont dans un classeur sur place pour être consultés je serai présent dans la mesure du possible pour accueillir les voyageurs et/ou avant leur départ, dans tous les cas disponible au téléphone en cas de besoin ou pour des conseils. Il est possible de visiter mon atelier de sculpture qui est proche de l'appartement (prendre rdv) atmosphère très parisienne avec une grande variété de bout
24700	Avec une vue dégagée sur l'est parisien, au septième étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, le logement est très lumineux. Entièrement équipé pour cuisiner (plaques de cuisson, four micro-onde grill, frigo, vaisselle), il est meublé d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, d'un bureau, d'une table, de deux chaises. Multiples rangements. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes et lavabo. 	Ce studio sous les toits (ascenseur, vue dégagée) est idéal pour visiter Paris. A proximité des transports en commun (RER et bus aéroports), il offre le confort d'une cuisinette équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes.  Avec une vue dégagée sur l'est parisien, au septième étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, le logement est très lumineux. Entièrement équipé pour cuisiner (plaques de cuisson, four micro-onde grill, frigo, vaisselle), il est meublé d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, d'un bureau, d'une table, de deux chaises. Multiples rangements. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes et lavabo.  Je vous accueillerai lors de votre arrivée et serai joignable à tout moment en cas de problème. J'habite à proximité du logement. J'adore Paris et mon quartier et vous conseillerai volontiers pour vos visites, vos transports et les restaurants. Le logement est à deux pas des Catacombes de Paris, du cimetière Montparnasse (où sont enterrés Beckett, Sartre, Simone de Beauvoir, Gai
24701	Real bed, perfect for a couple looking for a romantic getaway ! Possibility to add a double airmatress	Come to visit Paris during summer ! Nice neighborhood, with a lot of shops: bakery, butcher, several restaurants ... 5min by métro from Montparnasse, 10 min to Champs Elysée! Perfect for a couple Real bed, perfect for a couple looking for a romantic getaway ! Possibility to add a double airmatress Métro 13: Plaisance ou Pernety Métro 4: Alesia Tram 3: Didot ou porte de Vanves Vélib
24702	It is a very charming, quiet and comfortable flat ! Atypical, under the roof (last floor), with a lot of space and light ! 2 balconys Very nice neighborhood, quiet and yet a lot of shops. Perfect for families. 	Duplex very quiet and charming - Last floor 2 double beds / 2 bedrooms Kitchen equipped & free wifi It is a very charming, quiet and comfortable flat ! Atypical, under the roof (last floor), with a lot of space and light ! 2 balconys Very nice neighborhood, quiet and yet a lot of shops. Perfect for families. Kitchen equipped Free wifi TV Subway maps I will be there to welcome you & answer to your questions. Neighbourhood very nice and friendly. Lot of shops, restaurants and food stores. Subway line 4 (Alesia) buses 28/58 Tram Porte d'Orléans 4' by walk. Orly bus 10' by walk at Denfert-Rochereau 
24703	FREE & SAFE PARKING in front of the house.  FREE linen and bathtowels provided. This lovely home, offers 2 double bedrooms and 1 single bedroom to accomodate up to 5 people, with a garden and all the modern comforts you'd expect.  Located just 5 minutes walk from the subway, which takes you directly to all the great places in the heart of Paris: 16 min: EIFFEL TOWER, NOTRE DAME CATHEDRAL, ST MICHEL quarter, etc. 12 min: CHATEAU de VERSAILLES. This can be your home for a few days or weeks for a memorable visit to Paris, Versailles Castle and their unique surroundings.  There are 2 extra doublerooms available if you are more than 2 people .  Wireless Internet, fully equipped kitchen, fireplace, even a piano and guitar are available too. Your eyes will love it, your feet will love it and your budget will allow you to do even more during your stay in Paris. You'll also love the nearby castle grounds and forest for jogging and the view of Paris from the park grounds just a few 100 meters aw	FREE & SAFE PARKING in front of the house.  FREE linen and bathtowels provided. This lovely home, offers 2 double bedrooms and 1 single bedroom to accomodate up to 5 people, with a garden and all the modern comforts you'd expect.  Located just 5 minutes walk from the subway, which takes you directly to all the great places in the heart of Paris: 16 min: EIFFEL TOWER, NOTRE DAME CATHEDRAL, ST MICHEL quarter, etc. 12 min: CHATEAU de VERSAILLES. This can be your home for a few days or weeks for a memorable visit to Paris, Versailles Castle and their unique surroundings.  There are 2 extra doublerooms available if you are more than 2 people .  Wireless Internet, fully equipped kitchen, fireplace, even a piano and guitar are available too. Your eyes will love it, your feet will love it and your budget will allow you to do even more during your stay in Paris. You'll also love the nearby castle grounds and forest for jogging and the view of Paris from the park grounds just a few 100 meters aw
24704		The flat has a balcony, a full equiped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath. The bedroom has a double bed. I provide sheets and towels The neighbouhoud is really great with nice theatres, restaurants and bars. With good conection (subway lines 4,6,12, 13), the flat is few minutes away from Montparnass train station by walk and few minutes away from expositions parc, porte de versailles, in subway.
24705	"You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse. ,it is  with a a bunk bed The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence. In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations. All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join. The neighborhood is secure and quiet The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower. You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes. You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.  It's perfect for a last minute or for a short touristic trip. The apartment is a perfect place to visit Paris. I am waiting for you!"	"You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse. ,it is  with a a bunk bed The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence. In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations. All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join. The neighborhood is secure and quiet The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower. You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes. You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.  It's perfect for a last minute or for a short touristic trip. The apartment is a perfect place to visit Paris. I am waiting for you! kitchen , wifi  i like a good communication , it is not a hotel room, so you have to take care of your room  shops , cafés , metro bus   a little village in Par"
24706	IDEAL for a couple  or one person!!!!  REAL INDEPENDANT UNIT. CONFORTABLE 25 M2 FLAT IN PARIS CITY CENTER, the apartment is located on the ground floor in the backyard of the building.  This district is well known for legendary painters and writers who used to live here.  200 Meters away from INCREDIBLE VIEW OF THE EIFFEL TOWER!!! 10 Min by metro from the CHAMPS ELYSEES. Decorated with taste, parquet flooring, double glazed windows, comfortable bedding and electric heading system. Towels and bed linens are provided. It's 100 meters away from PERNETY station with all kinds of shops around, cinemas, cultural center, blues club, and dance floors in Montparnasse. Montparnasse is the famous painters, and writers area, ex: Picasso, Giacometti, Brassens... enjoy the Coupole , the Rotonde, the Dôme, very near by, and visit all the famous painting galeries, you want. 	This charming studio is located in the 14th close to the train station Montparnasse, the lively street Gaité and the commercial street Rennes. Completely renovated and fully furnished. There is a fitted and equipped kitchen. Ideal for a couple. IDEAL for a couple  or one person!!!!  REAL INDEPENDANT UNIT. CONFORTABLE 25 M2 FLAT IN PARIS CITY CENTER, the apartment is located on the ground floor in the backyard of the building.  This district is well known for legendary painters and writers who used to live here.  200 Meters away from INCREDIBLE VIEW OF THE EIFFEL TOWER!!! 10 Min by metro from the CHAMPS ELYSEES. Decorated with taste, parquet flooring, double glazed windows, comfortable bedding and electric heading system. Towels and bed linens are provided. It's 100 meters away from PERNETY station with all kinds of shops around, cinemas, cultural center, blues club, and dance floors in Montparnasse. Montparnasse is the famous painters, and writers area, ex: Picasso, Giacometti, Brassen
24707	Pour  1 ou 2 personnes: Appartement équipé: WIFI, machine à laver, four-grill, four à micro-ondes, Réfrigérateur, plaques induction, TV LCD, appareil raclette, fondue, cafetière italienne... Et lit King Idéalement situé : métro 4-6-RER B. Montparnasse à 2 stations, ORLY et Roissy a 35 min. l'entrée des Catacombes au pied de l'appartement!! La Tour Eiffel à 15 min en métro. A pied: Jardin Luxembourg à 12 min, Panthéon 15 min, Cité - Notre Dame à 25 min. 	Place Denfert-Rochereau:  Chambre spacieuse dans T3 de 50m2 refait à neuf en 2013.  Métro ligne 4,6 RER B Situation idéale: proximité Gare Montparnasse (8 min), aéroport CDG, Orly (35 min). Jardin Luxembourg a pied: 10 min Vue imprenable Tour Montparnasse Panthéon.  Appartement tout équipé: machine à laver, four, frigo... Pour  1 ou 2 personnes: Appartement équipé: WIFI, machine à laver, four-grill, four à micro-ondes, Réfrigérateur, plaques induction, TV LCD, appareil raclette, fondue, cafetière italienne... Et lit King Idéalement situé : métro 4-6-RER B. Montparnasse à 2 stations, ORLY et Roissy a 35 min. l'entrée des Catacombes au pied de l'appartement!! La Tour Eiffel à 15 min en métro. A pied: Jardin Luxembourg à 12 min, Panthéon 15 min, Cité - Notre Dame à 25 min. Accès chambre, salon, salle de bain.  Libre utilisation électroménager, Tv, Wifi. Animaux non admis.  Il n'est pas autorisé de fumer dans l'appartement. Accueil des voyageurs avec visite de l'appartement, renseignements
24708	Il se compose de :  - une chambre avec lit double, penderie, bureau  - un salon avec TV, canapé, table basse  - cuisine séparée et toute équipée avec plaques électriques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un four et four micro-ondes, une bouilloire, un lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant et fer à repasser.  - grande salle de bain avec baignoire  - WC séparés  Appartement entièrement rénové en 2013, en parfait état.	Beau 2 pièces de 45m², tout confort situé dans une rue calme à deux pas de la Mairie du 14ème arrondissement. Il se compose de :  - une chambre avec lit double, penderie, bureau  - un salon avec TV, canapé, table basse  - cuisine séparée et toute équipée avec plaques électriques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un four et four micro-ondes, une bouilloire, un lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant et fer à repasser.  - grande salle de bain avec baignoire  - WC séparés  Appartement entièrement rénové en 2013, en parfait état. - Draps et Serviettes de bain fournies  - Connexion Internet Wifi Nous sommes très réactifs et nous ferons un plaisir de répondre à toutes vos questions par mail. Durant votre séjour, nous resterons joignables par téléphone en cas de nécessité. - nombreux commerces (boulangerie, boucherie...), supermarchés, cafés, bars, restaurants, etc.  - cinémas à 5 min à pied (Alésia) et vaste choix de théâtres dans la fameuse rue de la Gaité (située à 10 min à pied) proximité  - Site
24709	Our apartment is in a typical building of 1920's, we're on third and fourth floor - last floors of the building. We love our apartment and hope that you'll enjoy it as much!	Nice and cosy apartment, in a very quiet neighborhood. At 50 meters of a beautiful park (Parc Montsouris) with loans and a pound. With all the facilities you need for a comfortable stay.
24710	Agréable studio, spacieux, clair, et calme. En hauteur, sur cour herborée. 	Grand F1 de 39m2, bien agencé, clair et calme. Vraie cuisine et salle de bains (baignoire), WC indépendants. Très bien desservi à 3 min du M° porte d'Orléans et du tram, et à 5 minutes du métro Alésia).  Lit double agréable: pliant à lattes de bois. Agréable studio, spacieux, clair, et calme. En hauteur, sur cour herborée. Proche du métro (2 stations), du tram et de plusieurs lignes de bus. Ascenseur Si vous le souhaitez, je peux également vous indiquer les quartiers à visiter, ou vous indiquer les meilleurs trajets dans vos déplacements Quartier agréable, calme mais à proximité (quelques minutes) de nombreux restaurants, cafés, ... à 15 minutes du quartier St-Michel. à 10 minutes de  Montparnasse (bus ou métro), du jardin du Luxembourg (bus), et du parc Montsouris (en tram). Pour ceux qui veulent faire les boutiques: plusieurs boutiques, et stock de mode dans la rue d'Alésia (à 5 minutes à pieds). Commerces de proximité: alimentaires (grand supermarché, petites surfaces, boulangers, b
24711	This luminous 45 square meter is both calm and charming. On the 5th floor of a 30s building, no counterpart. Only 5 minutes away from the shopping street Daguerre, the lively street Gaité and the metro, RER, Orlybus. Perfect for a 1st time in Paris ! This charming flat offers everything you can expect from a dismount, perfectly balanced between great functionality and a cocoon-like atmosphere. Why should you choose this apartment? Well, for its beautiful ancient but completely renovated parquet, its alcoves, its faded pastel colors, its unoverlooked luminous windows, its welcoming open-plan kitchen & living room, its all-equipped bathroom with a corner bathtub large enough for two and its spacious bedroom with a dressing room especially comfortable to oversleep and stay in bed in the mornings. You'll have access to a fully equipped kitchen with 2 burner hob, a microwave&grill oven, a Nespresso coffee machine and a 50's style SMEG fridge with a freezer. You'll also have access to a bath	Ce lumineux 45m2 situé au 5ème étage d'un immeuble des années 30 vous garantira calme et charme (sur cour/sans vis-à-vis). A 5 minutes de la rue Daguerre si commerçante et de la rue de la Gaité si divertissante. Bien desservi (métro, RER, bus). This luminous 45 square meter is both calm and charming. On the 5th floor of a 30s building, no counterpart. Only 5 minutes away from the shopping street Daguerre, the lively street Gaité and the metro, RER, Orlybus. Perfect for a 1st time in Paris ! This charming flat offers everything you can expect from a dismount, perfectly balanced between great functionality and a cocoon-like atmosphere. Why should you choose this apartment? Well, for its beautiful ancient but completely renovated parquet, its alcoves, its faded pastel colors, its unoverlooked luminous windows, its welcoming open-plan kitchen & living room, its all-equipped bathroom with a corner bathtub large enough for two and its spacious bedroom with a dressing room especially comforta
24712	Apartment situated inbetween the 14th  Raspail/Denfert Rochereau and the 6th area Montparnasse.   This bright and welcoming 2 bedroom 60m2 apartment is fully furnished and offers all comfort for an relaxing and enjoyable stay in Paris. Located on the second floor with an elevater the  apartment  offers one main bedroom with a double bed (140cm x 190cm) authentic marble chimney, double windows. The very bright second bedroom has single bed bunks. Sitting room  equipped with TV, DVD, Hi-Fi system, fibre optic Internet / Wifi access, piano, marble chimney, glass dining table for 8 people. Separate kitchen fully equipped with all cookware necessary  fridge/freezer, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine,toaster . Separate toilet  Bathroom with shower over the bath. Window for ventilation Apartment : Artistic heart of Paris is opposite the Foundation Cartier where lovers of contemporary art can visit an exhibition. A  5mn walk from Place Denfert-Rochereau, the catacombs and the w	Well located 60m2 apartment in the 14th arrondissement having direct access from all airports and train stations. 2 bedrooms / 1 bathroom. Cozy atmosphere, 5mn Denfert Rochereau and rue Daguerre, a pedestrian street with excellent open markets. Apartment situated inbetween the 14th  Raspail/Denfert Rochereau and the 6th area Montparnasse.   This bright and welcoming 2 bedroom 60m2 apartment is fully furnished and offers all comfort for an relaxing and enjoyable stay in Paris. Located on the second floor with an elevater the  apartment  offers one main bedroom with a double bed (140cm x 190cm) authentic marble chimney, double windows. The very bright second bedroom has single bed bunks. Sitting room  equipped with TV, DVD, Hi-Fi system, fibre optic Internet / Wifi access, piano, marble chimney, glass dining table for 8 people. Separate kitchen fully equipped with all cookware necessary  fridge/freezer, oven, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine,toaster . Separate toilet  Bathroom
24713		C'est un superbe studio qui est mis à votre disposition pour passer un agréable séjour en plein Paris, dans un quartier animé et prisé (Rue Daguerre). Très bien aménagé, Il dispose d'une mezzanine/lit 2p, SDB+WC, kitchenette équipée, clic
24714		Metro is not far away from my place, only 5 minute by feet. Buses stops are located in each side of the street.
24715	Un jardin et une terrasse à Paris!  A vous les barbecue, le bronzage sur une chaise longue, au calme, en plein Paris. Un grand barbecue est à votre disposition pour des grillades viande et poisson. 	La campagne à Paris. Découvrez cet appartement de 120 m2 entièrement neuf. Séjour et cuisine américaine de 50 m2 donnant sur un jardin de 100 m2 avec terrasse. Exposé sud. 3 grandes chambres (15,14 et 14 m2) donnant toutes sur jardin. 2 SDB. 2WC. Un jardin et une terrasse à Paris!  A vous les barbecue, le bronzage sur une chaise longue, au calme, en plein Paris. Un grand barbecue est à votre disposition pour des grillades viande et poisson. RER B direct depuis les 2 aéroport, l'appartement est à 30 mn d'Orly et 1h de Roissy. Moins de 30 mn depuis Gare de Lyon et à 10 mn de Montparnasse. Nombreux bus et la ligne 4 qui permet de relier Saint-Michel / Notre Dame en 20 minutes à peine.
24716	Quiet and well located, you'll be able to get a great trip in Paris. The bed is with a real mattress, parquet floor. There is everything you'd need : gas cooker, Nespresso coffee maker, oven, fridge and freezer and of course wifi internet with optic fiber. 	Lovely flat, calm, clean and bright (three windows). Ideally located in the 14th, 3 minutes walk from train station, in an animated and commercial street. Perfect for a week for a couple. Quiet and well located, you'll be able to get a great trip in Paris. The bed is with a real mattress, parquet floor. There is everything you'd need : gas cooker, Nespresso coffee maker, oven, fridge and freezer and of course wifi internet with optic fiber. You will be in the heart of 14th, near Montparnasse, in a well animated street with all the local shops you'd need (butcher, fruits ...). 3 minutes walk from Denfert Rochereau (Train 4,6, RER B). Direct link to Orly Airport by Bus 3 minutes away.  In others words you can go everywhere in Paris within 15 minutes !
24717		Dans un grand appartement lumineux, cette chambre privée (double) est agréable et calme. Au-dessus d'un jardin, vous profiterez de la verdure et du soleil de l'été (ensoleillement direct, orientation sud). La chambre est spacieuse et confortable.
24718	The loft is located in a 1930’s built-in building dedicated to artists. Metro Alesia (email hidden) (on the line 4 Porte de Clignancourt-Montrouge/ same line for cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris at station Saint-Michel (10mn), for Saint-Germain des Pres (8mn) and for the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, station Barbes (email hidden)om the loft, you can also easily walk to Saint Germain des Prés through the Rue de la Gaieté, a mythic neighborhood in Paris reknown for its little cafés and cabarets. Just steps away are some of the citie’s best restaurants (see our list of adresses in our Guide). The Gare Montparnasse (email hidden) walk to escape by train to the Wineyards of Bordeaux, the Châteaux de la Loire or the Château of Versailles (25 mn ride, 1 train every 20 mn) The apartment is a one bedroom 40M2, with the bedroom located upstairs, nicely decorated, has a fully equiped kitchenette with sink, stove and refrigerator, and a bathroom with a bath. Wifi and high definition internet TV with HD	Ideally located Rive Gauche, this sunny, quiet and trendy artist loft is perfect for a true parisian lifestyle. First floor, with a glazed bay overlooking on a garden, its volume provides wellness. Bathroom with bath, fully equipped kitchen... Zen ! The loft is located in a 1930’s built-in building dedicated to artists. Metro Alesia (email hidden) (on the line 4 Porte de Clignancourt-Montrouge/ same line for cathedrale Notre Dame de Paris at station Saint-Michel (10mn), for Saint-Germain des Pres (8mn) and for the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, station Barbes (email hidden)om the loft, you can also easily walk to Saint Germain des Prés through the Rue de la Gaieté, a mythic neighborhood in Paris reknown for its little cafés and cabarets. Just steps away are some of the citie’s best restaurants (see our list of adresses in our Guide). The Gare Montparnasse (email hidden) walk to escape by train to the Wineyards of Bordeaux, the Châteaux de la Loire or the Château of Versailles (25 mn ride, 
24719	It is a cut and calm place located in the heart of Paris. A living room and a room.	It is a cut and calm place located in the heart of Paris. A living room and a room. Montparnasse is a well known neighborhood, historical, with easy access to stores and retsaurants day and night. The appartement is in a calm street where the famous  writers Jean Paul Sartre et Simone de Beauvoir used to live. A lot of artists used to live in Montparnasse. It is very close to Saint Germain des Près and Saint Michel. 3 min walking from métro Gaité and 6 min walking from Métro and Train Station Montparnasse (3 lines) Easy access from everywhere
24720	25 m2 Studio d'artiste Metro Alesia ou Mouton Duvernet à 5 min à pied de Denfert Rochereau (Navette Orly) WIFI GRATUIT ENGLISH Charming Artist Studio, eyesight on the garden  Typical parisian spirit, this is a bright, calm and enjoyable flat, for a couple. There is many transports : RER, Metro and Bus.  5 minutes footstep from Denfert Rochereau (Orlyval) At the disposal of you : flatiron, towels, hair dryer, hair straighteners, microwave, blender, fridge, freezer...	Bonjour, Je propose mon appartement situé Rive Gauche dans le 14 ème arrondissement de Paris, avec vue sur jardin.  Très agréable, calme et lumineux ; typique et plein de charme. Parfait pour un weekend à deux, ou quelques jours dans la capitale. 25 m2 Studio d'artiste Metro Alesia ou Mouton Duvernet à 5 min à pied de Denfert Rochereau (Navette Orly) WIFI GRATUIT ENGLISH Charming Artist Studio, eyesight on the garden  Typical parisian spirit, this is a bright, calm and enjoyable flat, for a couple. There is many transports : RER, Metro and Bus.  5 minutes footstep from Denfert Rochereau (Orlyval) At the disposal of you : flatiron, towels, hair dryer, hair straighteners, microwave, blender, fridge, freezer... Je suis à votre entière disposition en dehors de mes horaires de travail Bonnes adresses à proximité :  Cinema Gaumont, Théâtres, restaurants charmants, tous commerces Pas dépaysé car : Burger King, Marks&Spencer, Starbuck Coffee dans la rue. Activité : Parc Montsouris, visites des
24721	"Denfert-Rochereau, 14th district, a very nice and parisian 3 rooms inside a big private garden. Fully furnished American kitchen, living room with working chimney, 2 TVs, Internet WIFI ""all included"" with operator ""FREE"". Parking available inside the Villa, but car's access closed between 10pm to 6am Close to Airports, transportation (metro and bus), and all shops. Easy to get to museums as well. The neighborhood is very pleasant, full of french restaurants, shops, ""Brasseries"". You are very near the famous street ""Daguerre"" with his permanent food market with the bus 38, you go to the ""jardin du Luxembourg in 10mn With the bus 68, you can go directly to the Louvre, and the Opera Garnier. 10mn walking distance from Montparnasse"	" Denfert-Rochereau. A typically parisian flat, 3 rooms,  quiet, within a big private park.American kitchen fully furnished  on living-room, fireplace, 2 TV.WIFI Internet. Close subway, bars and places of interest.Car park authorized in the residence. Denfert-Rochereau, 14th district, a very nice and parisian 3 rooms inside a big private garden. Fully furnished American kitchen, living room with working chimney, 2 TVs, Internet WIFI ""all included"" with operator ""FREE"". Parking available inside the Villa, but car's access closed between 10pm to 6am Close to Airports, transportation (metro and bus), and all shops. Easy to get to museums as well. The neighborhood is very pleasant, full of french restaurants, shops, ""Brasseries"". You are very near the famous street ""Daguerre"" with his permanent food market with the bus 38, you go to the ""jardin du Luxembourg in 10mn With the bus 68, you can go directly to the Louvre, and the Opera Garnier. 10mn walking distance from Montparnasse The big Par"
24722	STANDING Good standing building. The apartment in Paris is located on the second floor with no elevator. It is looks onto a quiet courtyard. LAYOUT Apartment rental in Paris of 33 m2 composed of a living room with an open kitchen. The bedroom with a double bed (160 * 200) is quite large with plenty of storage space. The bathroom has a large shower. This is a nice, cosy Paris apartment that is very quiet, well located and well equipped. It will benefit to anyone looking to spend a nice week in one of the Paris apartments.	"This will benefit to anyone looking to spend a nice week in one of the Paris apartments. It is in a great area filled with restaurants, shops and theatres and is surrounded by artist studios and public gardens. STANDING Good standing building. The apartment in Paris is located on the second floor with no elevator. It is looks onto a quiet courtyard. LAYOUT Apartment rental in Paris of 33 m2 composed of a living room with an open kitchen. The bedroom with a double bed (160 * 200) is quite large with plenty of storage space. The bathroom has a large shower. This is a nice, cosy Paris apartment that is very quiet, well located and well equipped. It will benefit to anyone looking to spend a nice week in one of the Paris apartments. LOCATION Paris apartment to rent located between Montparnasse and Denfert Rochereau, 10 minutes walk from Montparnasse and one subway station from the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" and the ""Sorbone"". The area was one of those preferred by American people during the 20t"
24723	"A real Parisian studio with ""parquet"" on the ground (wood) , it include mouldings in the ceiling and a fireplace decorated with a mirror. again it is very warm and ideal for a couple."	"In the South of Paris, not far from Montparnasse, an attractive studio of 23m2.  Very bright, it is ideal for a couple during its trip into the most beautiful city in the world. Very cosy, it is located near from the subway and various stores A real Parisian studio with ""parquet"" on the ground (wood) , it include mouldings in the ceiling and a fireplace decorated with a mirror. again it is very warm and ideal for a couple. Of course there is a kitchen area, a washing machine, a coffee machine, television and an internet access  (WiFi).  Towels are at your disposal as well as arrangements.Furthermore you will find food essential as oil, salt, pastas, jams. I am at your disposal for you, to indicate voucher, plans,... for your stay in Paris. It is a district in the center of Paris which looks like a very cute village, with parks, restaurants and businesses. It is also close to touristic areas, so it will offer you a real peaceful break within your visit of Paris. It is at 5 minutes by fo"
24724	This is a typical and charming Parisian flat of 55 square meters, in a nice area of Paris (14th). The Hausmanian building has 5 floors (with elevator), we are at the 2nd floor and then have a (tiny) balcony. There are 1 corridor, 1 bedroom, 1 bureau, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. All rooms come from the corridor, and the bedroom, living room and bureau have nice antic mirrors and fireplaces. The bedroom is quiet and calm, with a view on the inner yard. There is a double King Size bed.  The office room has 2 bureaux (in case you want to work).  The living room is spacious and shiny thanks to the large window. There is a convertible sofa where you can accommodate 2 people for the night, and curtains so the sun does not wake them up. There is also a table for maximum 8 people (then we do not have enough chairs for people to seat around).  The kitchen is fully equipped and has a nice view on the inner yard.  The bathroom is not big but convenient, with a large shower. 	Contact us for any question Splendid flat in a typical Hausmanian building. 2nd floor, elevator.  Double bedroom with King Size bed.  Living room with sofa, Flat TV, wifi. Bureau. Totally furnished kitchen Bathroom with shower.  Separated toilets This is a typical and charming Parisian flat of 55 square meters, in a nice area of Paris (14th). The Hausmanian building has 5 floors (with elevator), we are at the 2nd floor and then have a (tiny) balcony. There are 1 corridor, 1 bedroom, 1 bureau, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. All rooms come from the corridor, and the bedroom, living room and bureau have nice antic mirrors and fireplaces. The bedroom is quiet and calm, with a view on the inner yard. There is a double King Size bed.  The office room has 2 bureaux (in case you want to work).  The living room is spacious and shiny thanks to the large window. There is a convertible sofa where you can accommodate 2 people for the night, and curtains so the sun does not wake 
24725	Nice flat for 4 people maximum : one double bed in the bedroom, and one couch in thé main room. Luminous and quiet flat with a balcony overlooking a garden.  Fully furnished kitchen : fridge, hoven, cooker, … One bathroom, separated toilets.	Nice, quiet and luminous flat in Paris near Alesia, for 4 people. Nice quarter quiet with lots of restaurants et shopping. Access to Paris center in 20 minutes by subway. Nice flat for 4 people maximum : one double bed in the bedroom, and one couch in thé main room. Luminous and quiet flat with a balcony overlooking a garden.  Fully furnished kitchen : fridge, hoven, cooker, … One bathroom, separated toilets. You will be alone in the flat Nice quarter with a lot of nice restaurants, shopping, cinema, ... Subway : lines 4 and 13  Tramway : line 3
24726	In a very secure building with concierge, a fully renovated apartment there is 1 year. It is beautifully furnished and decorated. Wi-Fi and fiber optic TV available.	Young woman in regular business and personal travel, I suggest you stay in my apartment, a nice 2 rooms of 40m2. It has a large bedroom and a living room with TV / sofa area and dining space In a very secure building with concierge, a fully renovated apartment there is 1 year. It is beautifully furnished and decorated. Wi-Fi and fiber optic TV available. Métro 4 (Alésia) , Tramway 3 (Jean Moulin) or RER B (Denfert-Rochereau) Historic district of cinemas and theaters, the fourteenth arrondissement is the delight of Parisians. With places as different as the Porte de Vanves, Alesia, Montsouris and Montparnasse, the fourteenth is multifaceted. Street alesia acts as a boundary. In the south, the atmosphere is rather popular. North, welcome to another world, with its rustic paths such as Villa Alesia that hides opulent houses and lined avenues Haussmann buildings, as Denfert-Rochereau, the north has quickly become the haunt of hipsters. The fourteenth district of Paris is served by many pub
24727	Direct	Très charmant studio de 20m carré, très bien agencé. Situé rue Daguerre,dans rue très commerçante. Proche gare Montparnasse. RER B, L.6, L.4,L.13. Vue sur cour, très calme et fleurie et lumineux.  Proche Catacombes et Fondation Cartier. Direct
24728	Brand new and very well equipped, this studio is also very bright and well isolated from the noise of the street . It features a nice open kitchen with a bar and a dining area, a large living space, a dressing room with a washing machine, a bathroom. The perfect little nest for a stay of a few days or weeks in Paris	Very well located, this apartment on the 3rd floor with elevator benefits from a nice exposure, with natural light bathing the apartment. Quite roomy for a studio, it features a bathroom, a well equipped kitchen, a utility room and a comfy living Brand new and very well equipped, this studio is also very bright and well isolated from the noise of the street . It features a nice open kitchen with a bar and a dining area, a large living space, a dressing room with a washing machine, a bathroom. The perfect little nest for a stay of a few days or weeks in Paris Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay Even if fewer painters are living now in Montparnasse, the district has remained quite lively. Many Brasseries (La Coupol
24729		2 pièces de 25m2 à la sortie du métro Pernety. Pratique en tout point de vue, accès à Montparnasse à pieds, invalides et champs élysée en moins de 15min idéal pour profiter des soirées chaudes et festives de la capitale.
24730		Joli petit appartement parisien de 58m2 avec deux chambres. Lits deux  places, bureau et tous les autres accès de l'appartement, salon, télé, internet, lave linge, cuisine etc... Vous vous sentirez très vite chez vous I am here for all what you need Safe area with all the shop , food, clothes, cinéma, french restaurants 300 meters from the metreo station Alesia
24731	Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est situé juste à proximité de la Mairie du 14ème arrondissement. Entouré de commerces et écoles, l'appartement est idéalement situé entre Alésia et Montparnasse. A proximité de Saint Germain des Près, l'appartement a été décoré avec goût. Deux chambres distinctes avec des grands lits, un grand séjour avec une cuisine ouverte, une grande salle de bain et des toilettes séparées. L'appartement possède de nombreux rangements.	Magnifique appartement avec deux chambres, entièrement refait à neuf, très lumineux et entièrement bien équipé. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, décoré avec goût, cuisine ouverte sur un grand séjour. Deux chambres distinctes, et une grande salle de bain Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est situé juste à proximité de la Mairie du 14ème arrondissement. Entouré de commerces et écoles, l'appartement est idéalement situé entre Alésia et Montparnasse. A proximité de Saint Germain des Près, l'appartement a été décoré avec goût. Deux chambres distinctes avec des grands lits, un grand séjour avec une cuisine ouverte, une grande salle de bain et des toilettes séparées. L'appartement possède de nombreux rangements. Tout est à disposition dans l'appartement : cuisine, internet, television, linge, draps, serviettes.... Je vous accueille moi meme à l'appartement. Ecoles, commerces, restaurants, l'appartement est situé dans un quartier résidentiel et très parisien.  Metro, bus sont pr
24732	There is a double bed in the bedroom and a comfortable three-seat sofa-bed in the living room.	Situated in green 14th district of Paris, the apartment offers a unique view on the Montsouris water reservoir - so soothing! Light and specious living room, big bedroom and fully-equipped kitchen will make you feel at home! There is a double bed in the bedroom and a comfortable three-seat sofa-bed in the living room. It is situated on the 7th floor. There is an elevator. Situated on the left bank of the Seine river, the district is known for Montparnasse and the Catacombes. You will certainly appreciate great groceries (splendid cheese, meat, wine and vegetable shops), as well as the Monsouris Parc, 50 m from the house! There are a few metro stations, all of them about 8 minutes on foot from the apartment. Buses will bring you even closer (2 minutes walk). Perfect and direct connections with Orly and Charles de Gaulle airports - no need to change! The apartment belongs to my mother-in-law who is a retired lovely lady. She's living there and rents it when she's travelling or visiting h
24733	The apartment is located in central Paris, on the second floor of a typically Parisian building. It is very bright and overlooks a large inner courtyard, with flowers taken care of by a gardener. The flat is both very central (in the heart of the Left Bank) and very quiet (as it is protected from street noises).	Central Paris flat (50 sqm), 2nd floor, with 4 large windows (overlooking quiet inner courtyard). 1 large bedroom (queen-size bed), a double living room with sofa/double bed, a study area, a fully-equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with bathtub and WC. The apartment is located in central Paris, on the second floor of a typically Parisian building. It is very bright and overlooks a large inner courtyard, with flowers taken care of by a gardener. The flat is both very central (in the heart of the Left Bank) and very quiet (as it is protected from street noises). The whole flat will be accessible. Equipment includes a brand-new HD 50-inch TV, fast WiFi access, a washing/drying machine, a large fridge, an oven and a microwave, a dishwasher, a Nespresso coffee-maker, and all the essential amenities (do not hesitate to ask for particulars if necessary). There is also ample storage space, including a very large wardrobe in the bedroom. My home will be your home. I have guests over when I am awa
24734		chambre pour deux personnes dans un appartement privé se situant au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Quartier 14 ème arrondissement calme mais vivant et plaisant avec tout commodités 
24735	Area: Paris, Porte d'Orléans Postcode: 75014  Rent: 950 EUR per month (all included & price for long term rental) Available: Mars 2016 furnished living room with convertible, shelves, tv  kitchen corner  bedroom including desk, clothes rack  bathroom with shower & toilet  washing machine ideal for young couple  looking for open minded and easy going person/couple for sublet  Short walk (3 min) to Metro & Tramway Station  (line 4 -Tram 3- bus 28-38 Gare Saint Lazare/Saint Michel/Chatêlet/Gare du Nord).  Proximity to Franprix, Lidl and convenience stores open until late.  Surrounded by Montsouris Park and close to Cité Universitaire.  the flat is 1st floor- quiet inside courtyard, clean, newly refurbished and re-decorated and charming. Full equiped: Internet, tableware, TV, microwave, washing machine, etc...  ideal for short term, or long term stay.  The flat is good for 4 persons only for short stay. If you stay more than 2 weeks it's better only 2 persons 1 week: 490€,  2 weeks: 750€, 	Very nice, quiet, convenient and all furnished Parisian appartment located in Paris, Porte d'Orléans near Montsouris Park and Cité Universitaire. Located in 1st Floor (2nd Floor US). Easy access to transportation Metro 4, Tram T3 and many buses. Area: Paris, Porte d'Orléans Postcode: 75014  Rent: 950 EUR per month (all included & price for long term rental) Available: Mars 2016 furnished living room with convertible, shelves, tv  kitchen corner  bedroom including desk, clothes rack  bathroom with shower & toilet  washing machine ideal for young couple  looking for open minded and easy going person/couple for sublet  Short walk (3 min) to Metro & Tramway Station  (line 4 -Tram 3- bus 28-38 Gare Saint Lazare/Saint Michel/Chatêlet/Gare du Nord).  Proximity to Franprix, Lidl and convenience stores open until late.  Surrounded by Montsouris Park and close to Cité Universitaire.  the flat is 1st floor- quiet inside courtyard, clean, newly refurbished and re-decorated and charming. Full equip
24736	"You'll find dish washer and washing machin, rice cooker, choice of coffee maker (Nespresso or ""americano""), lumino therapy (to compensate the fact it's a bit dark)."	"Lovely studio, tiny but very well equipped. Perfect for a couple or a single person. You'll find dish washer and washing machin, rice cooker, choice of coffee maker (Nespresso or ""americano""), lumino therapy (to compensate the fact it's a bit dark). I will give you as many info as you need and be happy to talk to you about the area Love to meet new people 5' walking distance from Montparnasse Métro Ligne 13, 6, 12, 4 Large choice of bus Easy from Orly"
24737	Lovely apartment that will provide you all the necessary comforts to ensure a pleasant stay in Paris. There are two bedrooms, a kitchen with washing machine , bathroom and separate toilet. 	Here a lovely haussmanian appartement which is located close to commercial street and subway. A cozy apartment where we will do our best for you you'll feel their best during your stay. Lovely apartment that will provide you all the necessary comforts to ensure a pleasant stay in Paris. There are two bedrooms, a kitchen with washing machine , bathroom and separate toilet. During the week, Sarah will be present. The Apparetement will be at your disposal the weekend. I love to walk and do my shopping in the street daguerre . There are all the traders I need and typical French products, good qualities. Ligne 4 and 6 RER B Bus n°68 - 88 - 38 More informations: (website hidden)
24738	Very large and luminous double Bedroom (25sqm) in a charming typically Parisian 80sqm apartment. Queen size bed and comfort bedding. In the apartment, you will find my female flatmate and me and my one and a half year old son as well as my cat, Léon. The apartment has been reorganized so the photos aren't 100% accurate but it's even more charming now! Please note that Léon, my cat will accompany your stay, so if you're allergic to cats, please do not book, i wouldn't like to be responsible of any discomfort for you :)	Very large room (27sqm) in typically charming Parisian victorian apartment, ideal for one or two people.  Metro 4, Tram T3, easily accessible from Montparnasse and airports. Leon, my cat will accompany your stay. Very large and luminous double Bedroom (25sqm) in a charming typically Parisian 80sqm apartment. Queen size bed and comfort bedding. In the apartment, you will find my female flatmate and me and my one and a half year old son as well as my cat, Léon. The apartment has been reorganized so the photos aren't 100% accurate but it's even more charming now! Please note that Léon, my cat will accompany your stay, so if you're allergic to cats, please do not book, i wouldn't like to be responsible of any discomfort for you :) Double Bedroom Living Room Toilets Bathroom (including bath) Gaz central heating Kitchen As you want! If you want to chat, i'm more than happy to spend a nice evening with you, otherwise, if you prefer to be independent and do your own thing, that's not a problem
24739	Hi, I'm living in the 14th district in Paris (south of Paris). My spacious 50sqm 2 bedrooms apartment is located Rue de la Tombe Issoire. It is a typical parisian flat (on 3rd floor with elevator). I'm offering you a private room in this apartment. It is ideal for a couple. You will find all the confort you need, like you will be at home. I leave in this place with my roomate, so it's a share flat, just to let you know. But you have you own big bedroom in the quiet space of the apartment. And now were do I live ...  It's near RER B, stop at Denfert Rochereau (RER is like BART in SF, the RER B is the line from the airport). You will 5 min by foot to home from this station. The 14th district is a really nice and peaceful district. I love this place, it's like you are in a little city without leaving Paris. You have everything thing around you : supermarket, bakery, pharmacy, bars, restaurants, café, Postmail, grosser shop, wineshop, etc. You're only 3-4 min to subway (line 6 : Eiffel Tow	Hi, I'm living in the 14th district in Paris (south of Paris). My spacious 50sqm 2 bedrooms apartment is located Rue de la Tombe Issoire. It is a typical parisian flat (on 3rd floor with elevator). I'm offering you a private room in this apartment. It is ideal for a couple. You will find all the confort you need, like you will be at home. I leave in this place with my roomate, so it's a share flat, just to let you know. But you have you own big bedroom in the quiet space of the apartment. And now were do I live ...  It's near RER B, stop at Denfert Rochereau (RER is like BART in SF, the RER B is the line from the airport). You will 5 min by foot to home from this station. The 14th district is a really nice and peaceful district. I love this place, it's like you are in a little city without leaving Paris. You have everything thing around you : supermarket, bakery, pharmacy, bars, restaurants, café, Postmail, grosser shop, wineshop, etc. You're only 3-4 min to subway (line 6 : Eiffel Tow
24740		Appartement de 30m2, avec une chambre à coucher (Mezzanine + canapé) et une petite pièce à vivre totalement équipée. L'appartement en clair et lumineux, au rdc sur cour. A proximité du superbe parc Montsouris, du rer B, du Métro 6, du Tram T3 etc... Le quartier est calme et agréable. Son point fort est le parc Montsouris ainsi que la Butte au caille. Le quartier asiatique se trouve à 3 stations de tram. A moins de 10 min du métro 6 et du RER B. Logement très accessible.  Avec le bus 21, juste à coté de la résidence, vous pourrez être en 15 min au Panthéon/Saint-Michel et 25-30 min de Châtelet.
24741	"You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse. The room has a  single bed. The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence. In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations. All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join. The neighborhood is secure and quiet The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower. You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes. You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.  In summer it is possible to have one family because there are other rooms available. It perfect for a last minute or for a short touristic trip. The apartment is a perfect place to visit Paris. I am waiting for you!"	"You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse. The room has a  single bed. The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence. In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations. All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join. The neighborhood is secure and quiet The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower. You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes. You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.  In summer it is possible to have one family because there are other rooms available. It perfect for a last minute or for a short touristic trip. The apartment is a perfect place to visit Paris. I am waiting for you! WI fi  Kitchen for fridge and light cooking  I like  good communication and"
24742		T2 à Paris 14e. Séjour avec convertible 2 places, coin TV (freebox, WiFi), kitchenette équipée (réfrigérateur, four, nespresso, micro-ondes), et pièce intérieure avec un lit simple et salle de douche. Rue calme, proche métro, RER B, OrlyBus, parc. Calme Metro 4, RER B, Tramway T3, OrlyBus 
24743	I propose a charming apartment of 35m2 located in the 14th district of Paris. This apartment on the 4th floor with an unobstructed view of each side, will seduce you by its personalized decoration and lively neighborhood. The apartment is located in a quiet street, the room overlooks the courtyard, living room facing a little park. There are many shops near the apartment: supermarkets, bakery, laundry, bars, restaurants, hairdressers, wine shop ... You can use my kitchen for cooking, it's a all equipped kitchen: a fridge, a oven, 4 ceramic glass cooktop, a full service of cooking and a washing machine. On the living room, you can use my TV (cable TV with foreigns channels) and you have a very good connection for internet by Wifi. At less than 150m, you can found a subway station and a station of public bikes (Vélib). In some metro station, you can be on the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs Elysées ! 	This property is quiet but close to the subway (150m), a taxi station, a Autolib station, a Vélib station (bike) and a one-way street. I tried to make a friendly apartment where you feel good: try it! I propose a charming apartment of 35m2 located in the 14th district of Paris. This apartment on the 4th floor with an unobstructed view of each side, will seduce you by its personalized decoration and lively neighborhood. The apartment is located in a quiet street, the room overlooks the courtyard, living room facing a little park. There are many shops near the apartment: supermarkets, bakery, laundry, bars, restaurants, hairdressers, wine shop ... You can use my kitchen for cooking, it's a all equipped kitchen: a fridge, a oven, 4 ceramic glass cooktop, a full service of cooking and a washing machine. On the living room, you can use my TV (cable TV with foreigns channels) and you have a very good connection for internet by Wifi. At less than 150m, you can found a subway station and a sta
24744	"Second floor apartment to rent in Paris with two rooms and totaling 400 sq.ft. It has a separate kitchen that is fully equipped. The main living room is equipped with a sofa bed and a table allowing six people to dine. The bathroom combined bath/shower. The bedroom has two single beds and looks onto the cul de sac ""Passage d’Enfer"". A wonderful apartment to rent while in Paris that ensures comfort as well as a great location."	"A wonderful apartment to rent while in Paris that ensures comfort as well as a great location. Sleeps four and overlooks a pleasant courtyard. Close to RER Line B which goes to CDG airport. Second floor apartment to rent in Paris with two rooms and totaling 400 sq.ft. It has a separate kitchen that is fully equipped. The main living room is equipped with a sofa bed and a table allowing six people to dine. The bathroom combined bath/shower. The bedroom has two single beds and looks onto the cul de sac ""Passage d’Enfer"". A wonderful apartment to rent while in Paris that ensures comfort as well as a great location. Building with digicode. Quiet and peaceful apartment in Paris looking onto a lovely courtyard and a cul de sac. Located in the neighborhood of Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Près, this charming ""pied à terre"" available to rent will seduce every Paris addict! The area was one of those preferred by American people during the 20th century, with many artist studios and public g"
24745	Grand studio, agréable et lumineux. Lit en retrait du reste de la pièce pour plus d'intimité et de détente. Un coin bureau avec Wifi., télévision , radio. Canapé pouvant faire un couchage complémentaire confortable. Un couloir fermé isole l’appartement du palier	Dans bel immeuble , studio de 40m2,  lumineux et calme,  (ascenseurs),  vue superbe sur Paris: de la Tour Eiffel ... jusqu'à La Bastille!  Métro St Jacques et Denfert-Rochereau lignes 4 et 6, RER B (CDG), bus Orly, proche Parc Montsouris. Grand studio, agréable et lumineux. Lit en retrait du reste de la pièce pour plus d'intimité et de détente. Un coin bureau avec Wifi., télévision , radio. Canapé pouvant faire un couchage complémentaire confortable. Un couloir fermé isole l’appartement du palier Je suis à votre écoute pour tout renseignements pratiques ou culturels (dans la limite de mes connaissances...) pendant votre séjour. Immeuble très calme dans un joli site de verdure.  Entre le boulevard St Jacques et l'avenue René Coty, s'étend un quartier verdoyant et sympathique avec commerces , brasseries, restaurants et le parc Montsouris à quelques centaines de mètres d'un côté et l'animation de la rue Daguerre de l'autre côté. Possibilité de garer la voiture dans les rues avoisinantes. 
24746	This studio is located on the ground floor of a top-quality building. The main room of the studio consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a table, two armchairs, a TV and many storage areas. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped and the bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets.	The original decoration of this studio provides a cozy atmosphere to the apartment. Functional and well-equipped, you won’t be lacking anything. Located at Porte de Vanves, you are close to the center while enjoying the calm and tranquility. This studio is located on the ground floor of a top-quality building. The main room of the studio consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a table, two armchairs, a TV and many storage areas. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped and the bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets. The residential area of Plaisance – Porte de Vanves is located in the south of the 14th district, between the train station Montparnasse and the Boulevard Brune. The well-thought out urbanization of this neighborhood has charmed many buyers. Both calm and close to the heart of Paris, it offers an interesting alternative. Bus 62   Métro 4 Alésia
24747	Machine à laver, cour extérieure, thé et café, cuisine équipée, douche, draps, internet, télévision, enceintes home cinema, interphone, dvds, livres. Salon spacieux avec cuisine américaine, chambre deux personnes, cour extérieur privé de 30 m2 . Quartier calme et vert, proche de tout transports et tout commerces. A deux pas de Denfert-Rochereau, du jardin du Luxembourg, d'Alesia, du parc Montsouris Metro ligne 4-6, RER B à Denfert Rochereau (5min) Metro 13 à Gaité (4min)	Notre appartement réunit charme et confort et est idéal pour une escapade romantique à Paris. Profitez d'un petit dej' au soleil dans la cour, et de la localisation idéale de l'appartement, proche de tous commerces et de tous transports. Machine à laver, cour extérieure, thé et café, cuisine équipée, douche, draps, internet, télévision, enceintes home cinema, interphone, dvds, livres. Salon spacieux avec cuisine américaine, chambre deux personnes, cour extérieur privé de 30 m2 . Quartier calme et vert, proche de tout transports et tout commerces. A deux pas de Denfert-Rochereau, du jardin du Luxembourg, d'Alesia, du parc Montsouris Metro ligne 4-6, RER B à Denfert Rochereau (5min) Metro 13 à Gaité (4min) Le logement est loué dans son intégralité, cour comprise. Nous sommes disponibles par mail, téléphone, ou via le site d'Air Bnb tout le long de votre séjour chez nous. N'hésitez pas! Quartier calme et vert, à quelques pas de la Gare Montparnasse et du Jardin du Luxembourg. Amis de la b
24748	Beaux studio , très lumineux et entièrement rénové , à 2 minutes du métro et bus .Le quartier est très sympa, plein de commerces et restaurants. très central pour visiter paris. Situé au 4 ème étage d'une copropriété familiale. cuisine tout équipé avec frigo, plaques électriques, four micro onde , bouilloire, toasteur. produits de base café, thé, huile, sucre...	Studio,idéalement situé en plein coeur du vrai Paris, à 2 mn du métro. Le quartier est super sympa avec resto et commerces à proximité. Lumineux, tout équipé et accueillant après une journée de visite. Parfait pour 2 personnes ou  couple avec bébé. Beaux studio , très lumineux et entièrement rénové , à 2 minutes du métro et bus .Le quartier est très sympa, plein de commerces et restaurants. très central pour visiter paris. Situé au 4 ème étage d'une copropriété familiale. cuisine tout équipé avec frigo, plaques électriques, four micro onde , bouilloire, toasteur. produits de base café, thé, huile, sucre... wi-fi installation et équipement de l'appartement Livret avec toutes les informations du quartier plan des commerces  les plus proche , inventaires, adresse restaurant et taxi  , prospectus touristique boitier à clefs pour faciliter les horaires de check-in . Pendant la période des vacances, en cas d'absence , je reste joignable sur mon portable ou sur ce numéro fixe (phone number hi
24749		2 pièces de 35 m2  très fonctionnel composé d'une grande chambre et d'une belle pièce à vivre.  Fibre, Tv, canal+, bein sport, lave linge, lave vaisselle, et café pour les réveils douloureux.  Vous allez être si bien! J'aimerais être à votre place Appartement entier Ligne 13 à 2 min à pied  Ligne 4 à 10 min
24750	Merveilleux appartements de 70m2 dans un immeuble classé au Patrimoine, réalisé par un architecte de renom. 1 chambre parentale, 1 chambre avec 2 lits, 1 salon salle à manger, cuisine avec espace de repas, salle de bains, grande entrée. Très clair. Belle vue dégagée.	"Très beau logement, 2 chambres, 1 grand séjour, cuisine et salle de bains très fonctionnelles, spacieux, clair, calme, très confortable, sur jardin, plein centre de Paris. Parfait pour famille de 4 personnes ou 2 couples. Cuisine très fonctionnelle. Présence gardien 24/24. Excellent quartier, nombreux bars et restaurants. Merveilleux appartements de 70m2 dans un immeuble classé au Patrimoine, réalisé par un architecte de renom. 1 chambre parentale, 1 chambre avec 2 lits, 1 salon salle à manger, cuisine avec espace de repas, salle de bains, grande entrée. Très clair. Belle vue dégagée. Tout l'appartement sauf au bureau. Wifi, électroménager, Tv, place de parking possible Accueil des voyageurs, informations sur les facilités et ""bons plans"" de la ville. En plein centre Paris mais au calme, donnant sur grand jardin avec courts de tennis, bars, restos, ciné, théâtres, tout est à proximité. Metro, bus, taxis, autolib, vélib, l'embarras du choix ! Sécurité assurée 24h/24h"
24751	Tous équipée (cuisine, tv, internet)	Dans ce petit 19 mètres carrés au 11ème étage, si bien aménagé qu'il parait plus grand, on peu trouver de nombreux rangements, une salle de bain spacieuse, et une très belle vue sur tout paris et la tour montparnasse. L'immeuble est équipée d'un syst Tous équipée (cuisine, tv, internet) Immeuble entièrement sécurisé, avec gardien, badges dans l'ascenseur et caméra de sécurité Le gardien présent toutes la journée se charge de rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible Situé dans un des quartier les plus animés de Paris, à deux pas des théâtres réputés de la rue de la Gaité. Sur la ligne 13 qui désert toutes les autres lignes de paris. A 30 min max de tout dans Paris!! Au pied du métro Gaité (ligne 13)
24752	Full equiped and very quiet flat. In the animated district of Montparnasse, you will enjoy many restaurants, boardwalk and the Parc du Luxembourg. Just near many metro station, you just need 10 min to access to Chatelet les halles.	2 rooms, 40m2 quiet (inner courtyard) in the center of Montparnasse. Full equipped. Ideal for holidays or business trip. Full equiped and very quiet flat. In the animated district of Montparnasse, you will enjoy many restaurants, boardwalk and the Parc du Luxembourg. Just near many metro station, you just need 10 min to access to Chatelet les halles. You will enjoy all the facilities of my flat (TV, playstation, washer, Hifi, piano...). I will welcome you to show you the rooms and all you will need to know to spend the best time in Paris.
24753	With a surface area of 41 m², the apartment has a lovely bedroom with 2 beds (one of which is a double), a charming living room with a sofa bed and TV, a fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom with spacious shower and washing machine and separated toilet. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator, overlooking the courtyard. Free Wi-Fi.	Delightful flat near the centre of the capital ideal for a romantic or family stay in Paris (2 to 4 people) With a surface area of 41 m², the apartment has a lovely bedroom with 2 beds (one of which is a double), a charming living room with a sofa bed and TV, a fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom with spacious shower and washing machine and separated toilet. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator, overlooking the courtyard. Free Wi-Fi. The flat is very well-situated, in a very calm environment, near Alésia. It is only 5 minutes away from Montparnasse and 10 minutes away from Saint-Germain and the Quartier Latin. I want to welcome my hosts personally so that I can show them the flat and tell them some useful information for their stay. I can be reached on my mobile or via e mail in case you have any questions. Numerous shops, delicatessenes, restaurants and brasseries nearby Supermarkets (Carrefour, Franprix, Monoprix), bakeries (Dominique Saibron, l'Alliance - best écla
24754	Situé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse, au 1er étage et bordé de fenêtre donnant sur la cour vous saurez apprécié sa tranquillité au coeur de Paris. Vous pouvez y séjourner à 2 personnes, typiquement parisien vous apprécierez sa décoration contemporaine et cosy... Une cuisine équipée et pratique vous permet de vous préparer à mangé.	 At the heart of the Montparnasse district, located close to the mainline station Montparnasse SNCF and metro stations.  Studio located in a courtyard, quiet and typical. It sleeps 2 people in a busy street. 
24755	The appartment is on the 1st floor in a secured building.  There is a large lift that will allow you to bring up all your luggage. Spacious, it has 2 bedrooms, one with a queen size bed and the other one with a single bed. A confortable living room. A full bathroom and separate toilets The kitchen has all the amenities you need to cook great meals - pots, pans, big oven, micro-wave and a Nespresso coffee machine ! Comfort Facilities: - High-speed Wi-Fi  - LCD TV with over 100 chanels including english and US programs ( and many more) - DVD player - Free phone calls to France, US, Canada, on cell phones and landlines; Free phone calls on landlines only to Australia, New Zealand and many other countries . - Fresh sheets and towels provided.  - Queen size brand new mattress  - Washing machine - Hairdryer  - Iron - Kettle	Nicely decorated flat located in the heart of Paris, 14th district, only 5mn walks from Montparnasse station & tower and 3 mn from many main transportation lines including direct buses from the 2 parisians airport: CDG and Orly The appartment is on the 1st floor in a secured building.  There is a large lift that will allow you to bring up all your luggage. Spacious, it has 2 bedrooms, one with a queen size bed and the other one with a single bed. A confortable living room. A full bathroom and separate toilets The kitchen has all the amenities you need to cook great meals - pots, pans, big oven, micro-wave and a Nespresso coffee machine ! Comfort Facilities: - High-speed Wi-Fi  - LCD TV with over 100 chanels including english and US programs ( and many more) - DVD player - Free phone calls to France, US, Canada, on cell phones and landlines; Free phone calls on landlines only to Australia, New Zealand and many other countries . - Fresh sheets and towels provided.  - Queen size brand new
24756	"Studio en plein coeur de Paris, avec une grande chambre, une cuisine bien équipée avec une table pour deux personnes et une salle de bain fonctionnelle. Quartier bien desservi, à 3 minutes de la station Pernety (Ligne 13) qui mène directement aux Champs Elysées et à 10 minutes de la station métro Denfert Rochereau : Ligne 4 directe jusqu'à Châtelet, Châtelet les Halles et RER B à trois stations de ""Saint Michel Notre Dame"". "	"A 5 minutes de Montparnasse et 10 minutes de Denfert Rochereau à pied, un studio calme avec cuisine et salle de bain séparées, idéal pour couple. Très lumineux avec une fenêtre dans la Chambre principale et la cuisine bien équipée. Studio en plein coeur de Paris, avec une grande chambre, une cuisine bien équipée avec une table pour deux personnes et une salle de bain fonctionnelle. Quartier bien desservi, à 3 minutes de la station Pernety (Ligne 13) qui mène directement aux Champs Elysées et à 10 minutes de la station métro Denfert Rochereau : Ligne 4 directe jusqu'à Châtelet, Châtelet les Halles et RER B à trois stations de ""Saint Michel Notre Dame"". •Chambre •Cuisine •Salle de bain •WC • Je reste à votre disposition pour toute demande de renseignement, et à l'écoute pour tout besoin. • Je reste joignable pendant toute la durée de votre séjour et ne manquerais pas à vous montrer les bons plans de Paris. En plein de coeur de Paris, le 14ème arrondissement est très charmant et bien anim"
24757		Nice appartment with all you could need to discover a real parisian lifestyle. The appartment is perfect for two people but can be used by four persons (possibility to have two persons on the couch). Montparnasse is close (pubs, galeries lafayette, tour Montparnasse, etc.) : 5 minutes with the metro !
24758	Cosy and charming flat in Paris 14th district, very friendly and “Parisian” neighborhood. The 70m2 flat is on the 4th floor; there is an elevator, a balcony. The apartment is sunny and calm, double-glazed windows, with a secure access to the building (intercom and pass).  Living/dining room, 30m2, with sofa bed for two, TV. Fully equipped kitchen, combo washer dryer, dishwasher… Bedroom, double bed, wardrobe. Bathroom, large bathtub, separated restroom. We provide :  •Linen and towels. •Free Wi-Fi •TV + DVD player •Washing machine/dryer •Dishwasher •2 options oven (microwave/traditional) •Hairdryer •Elevator  	In Paris 14th district, very friendly and “Parisian” neighborhood, ¬cosy and charming flat 70m2 on 4th floor; elevator, balcony. Living room, with sofa bed for two. Fully equipped kitchen. Bedroom, double bed. Bathroom, bathtub, separated restroom. Cosy and charming flat in Paris 14th district, very friendly and “Parisian” neighborhood. The 70m2 flat is on the 4th floor; there is an elevator, a balcony. The apartment is sunny and calm, double-glazed windows, with a secure access to the building (intercom and pass).  Living/dining room, 30m2, with sofa bed for two, TV. Fully equipped kitchen, combo washer dryer, dishwasher… Bedroom, double bed, wardrobe. Bathroom, large bathtub, separated restroom. We provide :  •Linen and towels. •Free Wi-Fi •TV + DVD player •Washing machine/dryer •Dishwasher •2 options oven (microwave/traditional) •Hairdryer •Elevator  You will be alone in the apartment and have access to the living room, the bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom, and the restroom. You w
24759	This refurbished apartment is located on the 7th floor with lift in a 60s modern building.   it is bathed in light with 3 sliding doors to the terrace that runs around the apartment and overlooks the Paris Observatory on one side and the roofs of Paris on the other. The decor is refined and the materials are of high quality. A large open-plan room with sitting area / office area and kitchen. Bedroom with a bed 160 cm.  One of the sofas in living room is a double sofa bed 140cm. Electric shutters, curtains to windows.	Modern, completely refurbished open-plan apartment, living area, office area, kitchen with breakfast bar, dining area and bedroom bed 160 cm, bathroom, bathtub and shower.  Separate WC. 7th floor terrace Quiet and light. Parking available. This refurbished apartment is located on the 7th floor with lift in a 60s modern building.   it is bathed in light with 3 sliding doors to the terrace that runs around the apartment and overlooks the Paris Observatory on one side and the roofs of Paris on the other. The decor is refined and the materials are of high quality. A large open-plan room with sitting area / office area and kitchen. Bedroom with a bed 160 cm.  One of the sofas in living room is a double sofa bed 140cm. Electric shutters, curtains to windows. The apartment is equipped with all modern comforts: - Kitchen: hob and electric oven, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, fridge, citrus juicer, kitchen sets. - Internet connection, stereo, television. - Bathroom with bath and shower. Sepa
24760	As you can see from the photos, it is a very open space with lots of windows plus skylights and sits on the ground floor. It is located in the courtyard of a building in which one needs to pass through the street side building security door to enter courtyard and then to its own private entrance. It is very quiet and lovingly decorated by the artist owner who is a professional decorator. This Parisian duplex apartment, with the bedroom upstairs, has 49 m2 (about 530 ft2) floor space that includes the mezzanine. It feels much larger due to the high ceilings and openness of the place and the outside wrap around garden. The circular stairs leading up to the bedroom are very sturdy and wide enough to go up with luggage. While there is not a handrail, one can use the wall for better balance going up or down the stairs. The bed is double size bed for two adults. Please note that there are some height restrictions for the ceiling when upstairs. The ceiling is about 5½ ft high at the head of t	Like a bungalow with a garden. One of our more unique and special Paris vacation rentals. This cottage like home is a stand alone one bedroom property, surrounded by plants and a private garden, where one can sit outside to enjoy a cup of tea. As you can see from the photos, it is a very open space with lots of windows plus skylights and sits on the ground floor. It is located in the courtyard of a building in which one needs to pass through the street side building security door to enter courtyard and then to its own private entrance. It is very quiet and lovingly decorated by the artist owner who is a professional decorator. This Parisian duplex apartment, with the bedroom upstairs, has 49 m2 (about 530 ft2) floor space that includes the mezzanine. It feels much larger due to the high ceilings and openness of the place and the outside wrap around garden. The circular stairs leading up to the bedroom are very sturdy and wide enough to go up with luggage. While there is not a handrail,
24761	Charming 35m2, completely renovated, bright and modern. Kitchen fully equipped with 2 sofa beds, large room with arrangement, toilet and bathroom separated (bath), 1st floor of a pretty little house at the bottom of a particularly quiet courtyard with no neighbors above and by sides that will seduce you with its comfort and pampering.	Charming 2 rooms renovated, bright, quiet and modern, 1st floor of a nice little house in the heart of Montparnasse, situated very close to the famous parisian street Rue Daguerre, easy access from subway (line 4 and 6 metro, RER B) Charming 35m2, completely renovated, bright and modern. Kitchen fully equipped with 2 sofa beds, large room with arrangement, toilet and bathroom separated (bath), 1st floor of a pretty little house at the bottom of a particularly quiet courtyard with no neighbors above and by sides that will seduce you with its comfort and pampering. At the heart of Montparnasse, situated very close of the famous Rue Daguerre, a pleasant pedestrian street, day and night life, and many shopping store and french boutiques and 5 minutes from Montparnasse, next to the Jardin de Luxembourg and Denfert Rochereau catacombs Nice reception and city advices This area offers a wide range of original and cozy restaurants, and a larger diversity of Parisian shops. Beside the many theat
24762	Le logement est composé de deux chambres, une dans laquelle je vis et une pour vous. Votre chambre comporte un accès privé à la salle de bain. Vous avez aussi accès à la cuisine, qui est équipée d'un four et d'un four à micro-ondes, pour y faire vos repas. Vous pouvez aussi utiliser le frigo pour stocker vos courses. Vous avez donc accès à toute la pièce à vivre, table à manger, canapé, cuisine	Appartement situé dans un quartier très agréable à 15 minutes en métro des plus beaux endroits de Paris (Louvre, Champs Elysées ) . Cours privative, possibilité de manger dehors. Rue calme, salon et cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire Le logement est composé de deux chambres, une dans laquelle je vis et une pour vous. Votre chambre comporte un accès privé à la salle de bain. Vous avez aussi accès à la cuisine, qui est équipée d'un four et d'un four à micro-ondes, pour y faire vos repas. Vous pouvez aussi utiliser le frigo pour stocker vos courses. Vous avez donc accès à toute la pièce à vivre, table à manger, canapé, cuisine Je serai présente ou ma colocataire le sera au moment de votre venu. C'est avec plaisir que nous vous donnerons conseils et astuces pour profiter au mieux de Paris Le 14e arrondissement, c’est Montparnasse, sa vie nocturne, ses théâtres et ses cinémas, le cimetière Montparnasse, où reposent notamment Serge Gainsbourg et Jean-Paul Sartre, l’Observato
24763	Charming 23m2 duplex studio with large bow windows near Jardin du Luxembourg, Paris center. Rive Gauche. The area: typical parisian area, perfectly safe and close to many touristic activities. Quartier: Jardin du Luxembourg, Vavin, Montparnasse, Raspail. Also short walking distance: Panthéon, Sèvres-Babylone (Bon marché), Notre-Dame des Champs Metro: Raspail (ligne 4, 10 minutes to Odeon/Châtelet, ligne 6), Vavin (ligne 4 + 6), RER B Port Royal, Notre Dame des Champs (ligne 12, 10 minutes to Madeleine and Concorde) Historically famous, delicious restaurants/brasseries: La Closerie des Lilas, Le Dôme, La Rotonde, l'Entrecôte Cinemas: 5 cinemas from 5 to 10 minutes walk (Vavin, Montparnasse) Museums: Fondation Cartier (5min walk) Jardin du Luxembourg: 5 minutes walk Saint-Germain-des-Prés: 15 minutes walk The appartment: Cosy studio with standing room mezzanine, furnished and decorated with taste, with a confortable 130 cm bed and a strong shower (;)). Wooden floor. Very bright and compl	Charming 23m2 duplex studio with large bow windows near Jardin du Luxembourg, Paris center. Rive Gauche. Located on the high second floor (closer to a third floor) without elevator. The area: typical parisian area, perfectly safe and close to many touristic activities. Quartier: Jardin du Luxembourg, Vavin, Montparnasse, Raspail. Also short walking distance: Panthéon, Sèvres-Babylone (Bon marché), Notre-Dame des Champs Metro: Raspail (ligne 4, 10 minutes to Odeon/Châtelet, ligne 6), Vavin (ligne 4 + 6), RER B Port Royal, Notre Dame des Champs (ligne 12, 10 minutes to Madeleine and Concorde) Historically famous, delicious restaurants/brasseries: La Closerie des Lilas, Le Dôme, La Rotonde, l'Entrecôte Cinemas: 5 cinemas from 5 to 10 minutes walk (Vavin, Montparnasse) Museums: Fondation Cartier (5min walk) Jardin du Luxembourg: 5 minutes walk Saint-Germain-des-Prés: 15 minutes walk The appartment: Cosy studio with standing room mezzanine, furnished and decorated with taste, with a confort
24764		Trois-pièces totalement refait à neuf! Peut loger de deux à quatre personnes et est très central, dans une rue calme, à 7 min à pieds de Montparnasse. Profitez de sa cuisine américaine équipée et de sa proximité avec le métro, le bus et le tramway.
24765	Hello, I rent my beautiful apartment 80m2, near to the Parc Montsouris one of the most beautiful parc of Paris   There are two bedrooms and two bath room, a big living room with Tv screen, hifi wifi etc....and a kitchen.  Near to montparnasse, la butte aux cailles, chinatown.  At 3 minutes of the train RER B direct accés to the airport CDG.	Hello, I rent my beautiful apartment 80m2, near to the Parc Montsouris one of the most beautiful parc of Paris   There are two bedrooms and two bath room, a big living room with Tv screen, hifi wifi etc....and a kitchen.  Near to montparnasse, la butte aux cailles, chinatown.  At 3 minutes of the train RER B direct accés to the airport CDG.
24766	Entièrement refait l'appartement de 33m2 est situé au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien à 120 mètres du métro Alésia et des Bus 28, 38 et 62 .Très calme il offre beaucoup de clarté et une belle vue dégagée . Le quartier est très vivant   Le logement a été entièrement rénové , la cuisine équipée est neuve et il peut accueillir jusqu'à trois personnes en utilisant le canapé convertible. Je pourrai avec grand plaisir accueillir les voyageurs et les orienter pour faciliter leur séjour si je suis absent quelqu'un de ma famille me remplacera Quartier très sympathique avec ses nombreux commerces restaurants et cinéma. Tout près des catacombes ,de la fondation Cartier et de Montparnasse et ses théatres A 120 m du métro Alésia , des bus 28,38 et 62 mais aussi du tramway et du RER B à Denfert Rochereau Connection internet  fibre optique	Entièrement refait l'appartement de 33m2 est situé au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien à 120 mètres du métro Alésia et des Bus 28, 38 et 62 .Très calme il offre beaucoup de clarté et une belle vue dégagée . Le quartier est très vivant   Le logement a été entièrement rénové , la cuisine équipée est neuve et il peut accueillir jusqu'à trois personnes en utilisant le canapé convertible. Je pourrai avec grand plaisir accueillir les voyageurs et les orienter pour faciliter leur séjour si je suis absent quelqu'un de ma famille me remplacera Quartier très sympathique avec ses nombreux commerces restaurants et cinéma. Tout près des catacombes ,de la fondation Cartier et de Montparnasse et ses théatres A 120 m du métro Alésia , des bus 28,38 et 62 mais aussi du tramway et du RER B à Denfert Rochereau Connection internet  fibre optique
24767	"This recently renovated and fully equipped flat is located on the 5th floor of a modern building which includes an elevator. It's located on a really quiet street, and you'll have no buildings ruining your view! You'll be facing a small corner of nature in Paris, the ancient railway called ""La Petite Ceinture""  which has been closed for years and is now a really nice place to have a walk under the trees and get the countryside experience in Paris!  The flat consists of a living room with a sofa bed, flat screen TV with cable, a small balcony with a table and 2 chairs to have your breakfast or lunch outside facing the trees, and a small dining corner with a table and 4 chairs. A large room with a bed for 2 people. A bathroom with a bath, and separated toilets. A separate kitchen all equipped with stove, oven, microwave, Nespresso machine, dishwasher and washing machine."	"This nice, renovated flat is located in a very quiet area of Paris offering a feeling of being in the countryside in the middle of the city. Enjoy this luminous space with big windows and balconies overlooking the trees! This recently renovated and fully equipped flat is located on the 5th floor of a modern building which includes an elevator. It's located on a really quiet street, and you'll have no buildings ruining your view! You'll be facing a small corner of nature in Paris, the ancient railway called ""La Petite Ceinture""  which has been closed for years and is now a really nice place to have a walk under the trees and get the countryside experience in Paris!  The flat consists of a living room with a sofa bed, flat screen TV with cable, a small balcony with a table and 2 chairs to have your breakfast or lunch outside facing the trees, and a small dining corner with a table and 4 chairs. A large room with a bed for 2 people. A bathroom with a bath, and separated toilets. A separat"
24768	Welcome to my little apartment located right in the heart of the 14th arrondissement, Pernety - Montparnasse :  very nice neighborhood both typically Parisian and shopping area. You will find many restaurants, bakeries , supermarkets and small groceries. At the bottom of the building is also a charming square with bars and coffee shops. The apartment consists of an entrance, a sunny main room, a separate fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, stove, microwave, oven, Tassimo coffee machine, etc.) and an en shower. Best of all, a very large terrace of 40 sqm overlooking the Eiffel Tower, promises lovely breakfasts. The terrace offers garden seating area, a dining area and a hammock : a true paradise in the heart of Paris.	Welcome to my little apartment located right in the heart of the 14th arrondissement, Pernety - Montparnasse :  very nice neighborhood both typically Parisian and shopping area. You will find many restaurants, bakeries , shops and small groceries. Welcome to my little apartment located right in the heart of the 14th arrondissement, Pernety - Montparnasse :  very nice neighborhood both typically Parisian and shopping area. You will find many restaurants, bakeries , supermarkets and small groceries. At the bottom of the building is also a charming square with bars and coffee shops. The apartment consists of an entrance, a sunny main room, a separate fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, stove, microwave, oven, Tassimo coffee machine, etc.) and an en shower. Best of all, a very large terrace of 40 sqm overlooking the Eiffel Tower, promises lovely breakfasts. The terrace offers garden seating area, a dining area and a hammock : a true paradise in the heart of Paris. I will be glad to help 
24769	Confortable fully renovated flat in perfect location to visit Paris!  Small parisian building with friendly people. Double glazing windows, wooden floor, digicode.	Confortable just renovated flat in a small parisian (website hidden) the heart of Montparnasse district, theaters, movies, cafés and countless great restaurants. 5min walk to 3 Metro stations, Air France shuttle bus to both airports. Latin quarter 15min. Confortable fully renovated flat in perfect location to visit Paris!  Small parisian building with friendly people. Double glazing windows, wooden floor, digicode. Entire flat, living room with fully equiped american kitchen, bedroom and (email hidden)parated WC. Washing machine,Flat screen TV, DSL internet wifi, Stereo with Ipod/Iphone dock. The 2nd room will be locked during your stay. You can contact me anytime by email during your stay, but someone will be available to welcome you and if you need anything. If you can't reach me, Please call Florence tél: l(phone number hidden), she will wellcome you when I'm abroad. I love my neighborhood, it's perfectly located,walking distance to everything.  Theatres,movies, cafés, boutiques sho
24770	Apart from the double bed in the bedroom, there is also the option of an airbed for two more people.	I am renting a lovely and very frenchy apartment in the 14th district of Paris, for the months of July and August. The neighborhood is beautiful and elegant, close to a big park. The apartment is fully equipped and only 15 min from the city center. Apart from the double bed in the bedroom, there is also the option of an airbed for two more people. No interaction, i won't be in the apartment at all.
24771	Cozy apartment of 47m ² fully equipped with a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Located south of Paris between metro Plaisance (L13) and Alesia (L4), the apartment is very well served by public transport (7 minutes walk to lines 13 and 4 and, 3 minutes by bus), you will reach downtown Paris, les Champs-Elysées in less than 20 minutes. Montparnasse train station and the Montparnasse tower are only few (3) subway stops away. You will have at your disposal a room with a double bed, a large sofa (possibility to install a third person) in the livingroom, a table with chairs, good-sized bathroom (shower, toilet and sink), kitchen well equipped (microwave, refrigerator, stove, washing machine, oven, ...), TV and wifi internet connection and a game console the apartment is ideal for a couple but can accommodate up to 3 people. . - Bed linen and towels provided. See you soon!!	Cozy apartment of 47m ² fully equipped with a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Located south of Paris between metro Plaisance (L13) and Alesia (L4), the apartment is very well served by public transport (7 minutes walk to lines 13 and 4 and, 3 minutes by bus), you will reach downtown Paris, les Champs-Elysées in less than 20 minutes. Montparnasse train station and the Montparnasse tower are only few (3) subway stops away. You will have at your disposal a room with a double bed, a large sofa (possibility to install a third person) in the livingroom, a table with chairs, good-sized bathroom (shower, toilet and sink), kitchen well equipped (microwave, refrigerator, stove, washing machine, oven, ...), TV and wifi internet connection and a game console the apartment is ideal for a couple but can accommodate up to 3 people. . - Bed linen and towels provided. See you soon!!
24772		Je propose mon charmant petit studio situé dans le 14ème près de denfert, dans une résidence sécurisée et tout confort. Lit une place.
24773	Appartement complet: Lit, canapé, TV, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, lave-linge, baignoire, bibliothèque... Je serai présente pour vous accueillir (ou un proche) pour vous montrer le fonctionnement de l'appartement et vous dispenser quelques bons conseils. Echanges par mail, réponses garanties! Quartier très calme, idéal pour bien dormir, mais à proximité des commerces, cinémas, restaurants et nombreux transports en commun.  Metro 4  Alesia ou 6, RER B Denfert Rocherau, Tram 3 ou bus 88, 38, 68... Accès simple aux aéroports Charles de Gaulle ou Orly (RER B / Orlybus) et aux gares parisiennes (accès direct ligne 4: Montparnasse, Gare du Nord et gare de l'Est, Gare de Lyon et St Lazare avec correspondance ou bus )	30 square meter apartment , in a nice and green area of the capital. Enjoy the comfort of this apartment as a couple, with friends or family. 1 separate bedroom and 1 bathroom with tub will make your stay a great time. Full apartment : bed , sofa, TV , fridge , hob , washing machine, bath. I will be there to welcome you (or a loved one) to show you the operation of the apartment and provide you some good advice . Mail exchanges , warranties answers! Very quiet area, ideal for sleeping , but close to shops , cinemas , restaurants and public transport hub . Alesia Metro 4 or 6 , RER B Denfert Rochereau , Tram 3 or bus 88 , 38, 68 ... Easy access to airports Charles de Gaulle or Orly ( RER B / Orlybus ) and railway stations (direct access line 4 : Montparnasse , Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est , Gare de Lyon and St Lazare with correspondence or bus)
24774	"Appartement au 1er étage d'un immeuble parisien. Quartier animé, rue très cable, peu de passages de voitures. L'appartement est composé : d'une entrée, d'une cuisine/salle de bain séparée et fermée (100% parisien!!!), d'un salon équipé d'un clic clac confortable pour 2 personnes, une table haute et une table basse. Il n'y a pas de télé dans l'appartement. En enfilade, vous trouverez une chambre (attention la porte a été retirée entre ces deux pièces pour gagner en volume, mais il y a un rideau pour fermer ""totalement""). La chambre est équipée d'un lit en 140."	"Appartement de 30m2, au premier étage d'un bel immeuble parisien.  2 pièces, avec une grande fenêtre chacune. Quartier calme, toutes commodités à proximité. Attention, la salle de bain est dans la cuisine (pièce séparée/fermée cependant). Appartement au 1er étage d'un immeuble parisien. Quartier animé, rue très cable, peu de passages de voitures. L'appartement est composé : d'une entrée, d'une cuisine/salle de bain séparée et fermée (100% parisien!!!), d'un salon équipé d'un clic clac confortable pour 2 personnes, une table haute et une table basse. Il n'y a pas de télé dans l'appartement. En enfilade, vous trouverez une chambre (attention la porte a été retirée entre ces deux pièces pour gagner en volume, mais il y a un rideau pour fermer ""totalement""). La chambre est équipée d'un lit en 140. Accès à la totalité du logement. Suivant les dates, je serai peut être sur Paris, sinon un(e) ami(e) pourra venir vous accueillir et vous donner les clés. Quartier Pernety, vivant et calme à la f"
24775	Emplacement unique, 2 lignes de métro à proximité. Ligne 13 (Gaîté) vers Gare St Lazare / Ligne 6 (Edgar Quinet) vers Charles de Gaulle Etoile. A 2 minutes de la gare Montparnasse, accès à 4 lignes de Métro (6 - 13 - 4 - 12). De la gare Montparnasse, 20 minutes du Château de Versailles en train.	Appartement de 45 m2 situé tout près de la gare Montparnasse, près des restaurants et théâtres, 2 chambres calmes et lumineuses, salon, cuisine tout (website hidden)/ Internet. Emplacement unique, 2 lignes de métro à proximité. Ligne 13 (Gaîté) vers Gare St Lazare / Ligne 6 (Edgar Quinet) vers Charles de Gaulle Etoile. A 2 minutes de la gare Montparnasse, accès à 4 lignes de Métro (6 - 13 - 4 - 12). De la gare Montparnasse, 20 minutes du Château de Versailles en train. Toutes les pièces de l'appartement sont accessibles aux voyages Accueil personnel des voyageurs et disponibilité de l'hôte sur son mobile. Quartier très vivant. Restaurants et théâtres à volonté Une agence de location de voiture juste au coin de la rue Paiement de l'électricité en fonction de la consommation (relevé du compteur)
24776		Please, NO SMOKING APPRTEMENT !  Metro Line 4 between Alesia and Porte Orleans, large studio 40 m² very bright renovated last floor without opposite, with bathroom and fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge-freezer ), separate toilets, cupboards, flooring and carpets, wifi, LCD TV, Telephone. Very comfortable electric bed, balcony on quiet garden with electric blinds, air conditioning, linen provided. Elevator.  NO SMOKING.
24777	In a 19th century Haussmanian building, at the 3rd floor with lift, it has a nice parquet floor and nice ceiling. The flat receives a lot of light with its south-westerly exposition. The street that the living room gives to is a one way calm cobbled street. On the room's side, this is a private square. The room is equipped with a brand new double bed, with comfortable mattress, pillows and blanket. On the living room, there are a table, chairs, television, hifi device, a non convertible sofa and two armchairs.	Located in a very quiet street, but close to a nice commercial street (Losserand), this flat is perfect for both short and long stays. The subway is at 2 min walking and Montparnasse with its many bars, restaurants and theatres is at 2 stations In a 19th century Haussmanian building, at the 3rd floor with lift, it has a nice parquet floor and nice ceiling. The flat receives a lot of light with its south-westerly exposition. The street that the living room gives to is a one way calm cobbled street. On the room's side, this is a private square. The room is equipped with a brand new double bed, with comfortable mattress, pillows and blanket. On the living room, there are a table, chairs, television, hifi device, a non convertible sofa and two armchairs. You'll have access to all the equipment and furniture of this 52sqm flat The neighborhood is very active, many shops and restaurants in a 300m radius. You'll find every kind of shop, opened daily. The subway is at 2 min walking. From Roiss
24778		Appartement typiquement Parisien situé près de la Gare Montparnasse / 14ème arrondissement! Idéal pour couple mais possibilité d'être 3 ou 4 grâce au canapé convertible. A 5 min du métro/RER, venez séjourner dans un quartier calme et sécuritaire! 
24779	Placed in an old typical parisian street and building, little appartment for 2, 32m2 very confortable and pleasant. The appartment has:a kitchen full equiped,a little bathroom, livingroom equiped and 1 bedroom. The appartment is very quiet, not noisy thanks to the situation and the neighbourhood. Very closed to the appartment you'll find the famous Parc montsouris, wich is one of the most beautiful parc of Paris well-known for his lake, and big green space to have pique-nique! Transportation is really close too: you have tramway 3, RER B , bus station and subway line 4 will permit you to be in the center in Paris in 15 minutes only. Please contact me in private message if you need more information.	Placed in an old typical parisian street and building, little appartment for 2, 32m2 very confortable and pleasant. The appartment has:a kitchen full equiped,a little bathroom, livingroom equiped and 1 bedroom. The appartment is very quiet, not noisy thanks to the situation and the neighbourhood. Very closed to the appartment you'll find the famous Parc montsouris, wich is one of the most beautiful parc of Paris well-known for his lake, and big green space to have pique-nique! Transportation is really close too: you have tramway 3, RER B , bus station and subway line 4 will permit you to be in the center in Paris in 15 minutes only. Please contact me in private message if you need more information.
24780	Nice bright loft 56 sqm fully equipped close of Montparnasse rail station. The flat can accommodate up to 4 people (1 king size bed and one couch). Ideal situation at the corner of Avenue du Maine and rue Daguerre  Nice bright loft 56 sqm fully equipped close of Montparnasse rail station and Denfert Rochereau It is situated at the corner of Avenue du maine and a prime location in the old Paris, namely rue Daguerre (Lot of small producers shop) Originally a one bedroom apartment it is now a loft with a living room, a dining area and a sleeping area. A king size bed is located in the room area with a high quality mattress . You can find a 6 persons dining table in the dining area allowing you to eat comfortably even with quests. The living room is furnished with a convertible leather sofa (can be used for two people), a 2 persons fatboy bean bag (email hidden) (can be filled upon request). A fully equipped kitchen (Induction hob, dishes, fridge with freezer, microwave, oven, Nespresso ma	Loft lumineux de 56m2 entièrement équipé au coeur du quartier Montparnasse Denfert-Rochereau. Le logement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 Lit et 1 Canapé-Lit). Situation idéale à l'angle avenue du maine et de la rue piétonne Daguerre. Nice bright loft 56 sqm fully equipped close of Montparnasse rail station. The flat can accommodate up to 4 people (1 king size bed and one couch). Ideal situation at the corner of Avenue du Maine and rue Daguerre  Nice bright loft 56 sqm fully equipped close of Montparnasse rail station and Denfert Rochereau It is situated at the corner of Avenue du maine and a prime location in the old Paris, namely rue Daguerre (Lot of small producers shop) Originally a one bedroom apartment it is now a loft with a living room, a dining area and a sleeping area. A king size bed is located in the room area with a high quality mattress . You can find a 6 persons dining table in the dining area allowing you to eat comfortably even with quests. The living room is fu
24781		A spacious room available in a 70sqm flat.  The apartment is a loft inspired of an artistic workshop. Charming and peaceful flat.
24782		Very nice neighborhood with all commodities  close by (metro 4 and 6, RER B) and just next to the entrance of the catacomb. The flat is 45m2 and fully furnished - Whole flat available some week-ends - Only private room during the week.
24783	open kitchen on a lighty leaving room. A lot of space for a couple. 	Nice little loft (old shop) in the heart of the 14th district of Paris very close to the Parc Montsouris and near Alesia. At 15mns by subway to the center of Paris open kitchen on a lighty leaving room. A lot of space for a couple.  Piano, kitchen with washing machine, oven, micro-way. Parc Montsouris (at the end of the street) Place Denfert Rochereau (many bars and les Catacombes) Place d'Alesia (metro) bus 62 at 2 mns, metro line 4 (Alesia) at 5mns, tramway (6mns) bedroom downstairs, no natural light. Direct access to the flat from the street.
24784	Our small house is located in Paris's14th district. At the bottom of a building court, you'll be in a quiet environment, without any noise from the street.  The house is 43 m2 /460 sq ft. It's a former workshop, very luminous, in complete open space. On the first floor are a US kitchen and the leaving room, the toilets and a closet.  On the second floor is a space for the desk, the dressing room, a bathroom and the bed (160cm). There is also a sofa-bed for 1 person in the leaving room.  There isn't any TV but a projector and DVD for great movie nights when you're tired ! Internet wifi and computer available in the house.  You can also call on fixed téléphone for free, even in Canada and USA.  	Looks like the country in Paris !  Very quite and bathed in light : glass roof, and large windows Family neighborhood, good shopping district. Subway in front of the building and everything you need is in the street  Can accommodate 3 persons Our small house is located in Paris's14th district. At the bottom of a building court, you'll be in a quiet environment, without any noise from the street.  The house is 43 m2 /460 sq ft. It's a former workshop, very luminous, in complete open space. On the first floor are a US kitchen and the leaving room, the toilets and a closet.  On the second floor is a space for the desk, the dressing room, a bathroom and the bed (160cm). There is also a sofa-bed for 1 person in the leaving room.  There isn't any TV but a projector and DVD for great movie nights when you're tired ! Internet wifi and computer available in the house.  You can also call on fixed téléphone for free, even in Canada and USA.  The house is completely yours and we hope you will feel
24785	Appartement au calme et très ensoleillé ! Avec vue sur les toits de Paris ! Proche tous commerces, restaurants, théatres, magasins, etc. Grand double salon / Salle à manger de 22m², avec 2 canapés, une table basse, une table haute pour manger, TV écran plat, internet... Cuisine aménagée toute équipée, machine à café, presse agrumes, etc... Chambre avec lit double très confortable. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes et machine à laver. Dernier étage (5ème) sans acenseur : Très ensoleillé, et extrèmement calme	Très bel appartement de 42m², calme, ensoleillé, et spacieux. Tout le confort sur place Emplacement ideal : au pied de 4 lignes de metro, a 50 metres de la rue de tous les théatres, 10min à pied de Saint Germain des près. Appartement au calme et très ensoleillé ! Avec vue sur les toits de Paris ! Proche tous commerces, restaurants, théatres, magasins, etc. Grand double salon / Salle à manger de 22m², avec 2 canapés, une table basse, une table haute pour manger, TV écran plat, internet... Cuisine aménagée toute équipée, machine à café, presse agrumes, etc... Chambre avec lit double très confortable. Salle de bain avec douche, toilettes et machine à laver. Dernier étage (5ème) sans acenseur : Très ensoleillé, et extrèmement calme
24786		cette appartement sur paris a tout pour plaire a 1mn du métro denfert rochereau , cartier vivant , vous serez vraiment au coeur de la france .
24787	In a city that can often be noisy, this place is utterly quiet all the time. A great place to go to sleep and wake up in.	Cozy, convenient and quiet perfectly capture this 1 bedroom on Paris' trendy Left Bank. Walk to many top tourist sites or let the nearby Raspail metro take you around. Neatly furnished and nicely kept, it makes for the perfect getaway. Sleeps four.   In a city that can often be noisy, this place is utterly quiet all the time. A great place to go to sleep and wake up in. Guests have the whole apartment to themselves. There are several famous and affordable Paris restaurants within easy walking distance.  We're only a half block from the metro Raspail and near many popular bus lines.
24788	We love our apartment! It has two bedrooms (so to enjoy a nice night after a day in Paris), a kitchen (so to prepare a tea after having walked all day), a newly refurbished bathroom (so to get clean), a separated toilet (haven't you a chapter to finish of your book?), and a living room with a comfy sofa and a dinning table.	Our apartment is conveniently located near the Place d'Italie, the Chinese district, the Parc Montsouris, the Butte aux Cailles, all of that in a quiet environment. We love it and we will more happy to welcome you. Kristin & Mathieu We love our apartment! It has two bedrooms (so to enjoy a nice night after a day in Paris), a kitchen (so to prepare a tea after having walked all day), a newly refurbished bathroom (so to get clean), a separated toilet (haven't you a chapter to finish of your book?), and a living room with a comfy sofa and a dinning table. The guests will have access to all the rooms except our own bedroom. We are quite flexible and we will adapt to our guests. We living in the neighbourhood for two years now, so we have plenty of good addresses... Close to the Place d'Italie, Chinese district, the Butte aux Cailles and the Parc Montsouris. - RER B (stop Cité Universitaire) - direct to the heart of Paris, to Gare du Nord, to Charles de Gaulle Airport - Metro L6 (stop Glaci
24789	"This is bedroom apartment of about 40m ² located on the 4th floor of a modern building with 3 balconies, in Larochelle street in the 14th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of quatier Gaite and not far from Montparnasse. The apartment is in a pedestrian street, so very quiet. Cinema and theater settled there, but you will also find bars, restaurants and shops for all your daily needs.  It consists of a living / dining room, a kitchen fully equipped with a courtyard view, a bathroom and one bedroom.  This beautiful apartment offers all the space and comfort of a modern quality apartment. It can accommodate up to 2 people. It is served by the metro stations ""Edgar Quinet"" and ""Montparnasse"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digicode - Intercom - Elevator - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Stereo - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - "	"This is bedroom apartment of about 40m ² located on the 4th floor of a modern building with 3 balconies, in Larochelle street in the 14th arrondissement of Paris in the heart of quatier Gaite and not far from Montparnasse. The apartment is in a pedestrian street, so very quiet. Cinema and theater settled there, but you will also find bars, restaurants and shops for all your daily needs.  It consists of a living / dining room, a kitchen fully equipped with a courtyard view, a bathroom and one bedroom.  This beautiful apartment offers all the space and comfort of a modern quality apartment. It can accommodate up to 2 people. It is served by the metro stations ""Edgar Quinet"" and ""Montparnasse"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digicode - Intercom - Elevator - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Stereo - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - "
24790	Charmant petit loft 23m2, au calme, tout équipé, internet, TV, radio et lecteur CD, 	Charmant petit loft 23m2, au calme, tout équipé, internet, TV, radio et lecteur CD, Accès au loft en toute indépendance  Étant sur Paris, après l'accueil, je reste à l'écoute des voyageurs si nécessaire  L'ambiance des marchés dont un de l'art, les cafés, restaurants, boutiques,  Le soir l'animation autours des théâtres, des cinémas  A deux pas de la Gare Montparnasse, du métro Edgar Quinet, de la station de bus et velib 
24791	Studio fully equipped, TV with freebox and wifi, bath,	26m2 studio with a bathroom, and a fully equipped open-plan kitchen. 15 minutes walk from Montparnasse station, in Alesia neighborhood, close from many convenience stores. Studio fully equipped, TV with freebox and wifi, bath, Secure building with a pass and a building manager. 15 minutes walk from Montparnasse station, bakery just nearby, Supermarket very close, and many bars and restaurants  5 minutes walk from 2 main subway lines, station Alesia (line 4) or Pernety (line 13), traveling through Paris.
24792	Very well located with many public transportation options. Montparnasse at 10', the Latin quarter at 15', etc.	Welcome to my comfortable apartment!  It is located in a nice and quiet neighborhood, yet super well connected to public transportation, that'll get you to the center in 15'.  You'll have a semi-private room (alcove in the living room separated by a wooden wall), access to the bathroom and the fully equipped kitchen. WiFi connection, TV, washing machine, dryer... I speak French, English fluently, Spanish, and I love to share tips about my beloved city. Very well located with many public transportation options. Montparnasse at 10', the Latin quarter at 15', etc. Kitchen, bathroom, washing machine upon request, a separate key. Quiet but super well connected. Many buses direct to Montparnasse, Champs Élysées, Opera, Latin quarter, etc, subway station at 2', tramway in front of the building. I have a cat.
24793	Modern apartment, 58m², in the very heart of Montparnasse area.  Sofa opening up to accommodate 2 people. This is the best location for anyone wishing direct public transportation to all Paris attractions, no annoying line changes. Shopping fans will enjoy Gallerie Lafayette  (1 min away), Montparnasse shopping mall and Rue de Rennes shops.	Modern apartment, 58m², in the very heart of Montparnasse area.  Sofa opening up to accommodate 2 people, private ½ bathroom in addition to another shared full one. Best place for anyone wishing direct public transportation to all Paris attractions Modern apartment, 58m², in the very heart of Montparnasse area.  Sofa opening up to accommodate 2 people. This is the best location for anyone wishing direct public transportation to all Paris attractions, no annoying line changes. Shopping fans will enjoy Gallerie Lafayette  (1 min away), Montparnasse shopping mall and Rue de Rennes shops. - You'll be sleeping in the living room (sofa opening up to accommodate 2 people) with 24 hour access to your own personal ½ bathroom (your private toilet with faucet) & full kitchen.  Our bedroom is separated by a closed door.   - Modern shower (rain & waterfall) is in another shared bathroom -towels and shower products available,  - in case you forgot your toiletries : extra toothbrush &  razors availab
24794	"Our 55m² flat is located in the peaceful 14th - Alesia area of Paris, very close to Montparnasse. The neighborhood is lovely, very family and welcoming. From the 10th floor (two elevators to get there, don't worry !) you will enjoy the beautiful view of the whole Paris while sitting in the couch in the living room, among others : - Unique Eiffel Tower view (beautiful at sunset and by night when glittering) : the picture you can see has been taken from the balcony - Montparnasse Tower view - Sacré coeur view The flat is brand new and fully equipped. You will find everything you need. There is a kitchen with fridge, washing machine, cooker, micro wave, coffe machine etc... The toilet is separated from the bathroom. The bathroom has an ""italian"" shower. We have a private room. And the living room is spacious with a dining table for up to 8/10 people, a couch, TV. We also have a balcony :) The flat as the highest internet speed connection (fiber optic)."	"This is a lovely place in the 14th area of Paris.  Located at the 10th floor, you have the best Eiffel Tower view you've ever dreamed of ! Spacious (55m²), fully equipped kitchen. 2mn walking of the subway, tramway or bus stations. Our 55m² flat is located in the peaceful 14th - Alesia area of Paris, very close to Montparnasse. The neighborhood is lovely, very family and welcoming. From the 10th floor (two elevators to get there, don't worry !) you will enjoy the beautiful view of the whole Paris while sitting in the couch in the living room, among others : - Unique Eiffel Tower view (beautiful at sunset and by night when glittering) : the picture you can see has been taken from the balcony - Montparnasse Tower view - Sacré coeur view The flat is brand new and fully equipped. You will find everything you need. There is a kitchen with fridge, washing machine, cooker, micro wave, coffe machine etc... The toilet is separated from the bathroom. The bathroom has an ""italian"" shower. We have"
24795	Room share   in an «  atelier d’artiste/ loft » locate between the street of Rennes and lthe church Notre dame des Champs, light and luminous and very quiet whitout noise.. This loft is in 2 levels; all is open, it an open space. The living is to the first level with one bed, and on the second level there  is one room for 2 persons, and the bathroom. The kitchen and the bathroom is  share with me. The kitchen is open and separate   for the breakfast.  I have a cat” moineau” very sweet. I propose le bed for 1 person to the 1 level  to 45 euros with the breafast or the room to the 2 level for 2 persons to  72 euros. I work in art and can advise and in the time accompany  visit in Paris and museum. The area is very animated, near the fnac, The tower Montparansse, many restaurant,  the coupole… The undergtound  is to 20 metres ( line 4,6, 12, 13,) and many bus lines with stop in the front of the building to go to , Twer Effeil, Champs Elysées… The Atelier d’Artiste to be part of the Paris 	Room share   in an «  atelier d’artiste/ loft » locate between the street of Rennes and lthe church Notre dame des Champs, light and luminous and very quiet whitout noise.. This loft is in 2 levels; all is open, it an open space. The living is to the first level with one bed, and on the second level there  is one room for 2 persons, and the bathroom. The kitchen and the bathroom is  share with me. The kitchen is open and separate   for the breakfast.  I have a cat” moineau” very sweet. I propose le bed for 1 person to the 1 level  to 45 euros with the breafast or the room to the 2 level for 2 persons to  72 euros. I work in art and can advise and in the time accompany  visit in Paris and museum. The area is very animated, near the fnac, The tower Montparansse, many restaurant,  the coupole… The undergtound  is to 20 metres ( line 4,6, 12, 13,) and many bus lines with stop in the front of the building to go to , Twer Effeil, Champs Elysées… The Atelier d’Artiste to be part of the Paris 
24796	This charming 30sqm studio is very bright. It is comfortable as it has been renovated recently. It has a nice room divided in several areas. The sleeping corner with a double bed (140x200) for two people, a dining-room area with the dining table for four people and a lounge part with two armchairs around the decorative chimney. The kitchen gives on the main room. It is small but functional, custom-made by an architect with high quality features such as electric stoves, mix-oven (micro-wave, steam, regular oven or grill). It also features a washer. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets. You will be able to store your clothes in the wardrobe located in the hallway. To conclude, this lovely studio will be perfect for a couple or a single person. It is luminous, quiet, very comfortable, it will be an ideal pied-à-terre wether you need a place for a week or for few months. 	       Charming 30sqm studio, to rent for two people in Paris-Monparnasse. Very well located : very close to the Metro, to the Montparnasse station, to the “Jardin du Luxembourg”, to the famous Daguerre's French market, to the Edgard Quinet's open m This charming 30sqm studio is very bright. It is comfortable as it has been renovated recently. It has a nice room divided in several areas. The sleeping corner with a double bed (140x200) for two people, a dining-room area with the dining table for four people and a lounge part with two armchairs around the decorative chimney. The kitchen gives on the main room. It is small but functional, custom-made by an architect with high quality features such as electric stoves, mix-oven (micro-wave, steam, regular oven or grill). It also features a washer. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets. You will be able to store your clothes in the wardrobe located in the hallway. To conclude, this lovely studio will be perfect for a couple or a si
24797		Situé dans une rue très calme,en plein centre de Paris, peut loger deux personnes et  à 03 min à pieds de la Gare Montparnasse, et à moins d'une minute du métro Gaîté, près des commerces et à une minute de la rue Gaîté qui vous offre d'excellent restaurants bars
24798	Logement en étage élevé, avec vue sur le Sacre Cœur de Montmartre, chambre sur les toits calme bien que située à un carrefour stratégique de Paris.	Joli pied à terre, dans une partie independants d'un appartement, comprenant une chambre (lit double, tele, rangements), un petit salon avec 1 couchage, possibilité couchage d'appoint supplémentaire, petite terrasse), une salle de bains, un WC indépendant. Logement en étage élevé, avec vue sur le Sacre Cœur de Montmartre, chambre sur les toits calme bien que située à un carrefour stratégique de Paris. Acces à une grande cuisine Accueil chaleureux en français et anglais 5mn a pied rues commercantes, marché dans rue piétonne. Quartier sans problème de securite Excellente desserte bus et metro au pied de l'immeuble. 5mn quartier latin, 10mn des quais de laSeine, 20 mn de l'Etoile
24799	The flat is quiet, bright and pleasant in the summer, overlooking the residence's private garden.	Quiet and sunny (110 m2) 2nd floor flat. 2 bedrooms (1 ensuite) with double beds (140 and 160). An extra canape single bed in living room. Availability of an extra child bed (75x160cm) or mattress (80x200) . 2 toilets, 2 bathrooms (shower+bath). Wifi The flat is quiet, bright and pleasant in the summer, overlooking the residence's private garden. We will be abroad but joinable by phone. There will be a local contact available + the caretaker in case of emergency. Very pleasant neighbourhood with easy access to all facilities, restaurants, markets. 10 min walk to the lively Mouffetard neighbourhood, 15 min walk to the Jardin des Plantes and Luxembourg gardens. In August, car parking is free in Paris. No problem to find a place close to the flat. Access to metro : 5 min walk to Glaciere station (line 6), 10 min walk to Gobelins station (Line 7), 10 min walk to Denfert Rochereau station (RER B - direct line line to Charles de Gaulle Airport and Gare du Nord Station + direct bus connection
24800	Avant toute chose, veuillez lire l'annonce s'il vous plait. Celle ci répondra à toutes vos éventuelles interrogations. Le studio n'est pas équipé d'un deuxième lit. En revanche, il y a un deuxième matelas de la même taille que celui du lit. Le logement est autonome. Autrement dit c'est un studio isolé, il ne fait pas partie d'un appartement ou d'une maison. Il est placé dans un immeuble dans lequel il n'y a pas de parties communes. Il se situe proche du 5eme arrondissement (à une rue), à 10 minutes à pieds de la rue Mouffetard, de la faculté de Paris 3 Sorbonne Nouvelle et à 5 minutes de celle de Paris Panthéon Sorbonne. Commerces proches en tous genres dans le quartier, le centre commercial Italie 2 se trouve à 15 minutes à pieds. Vous serez aussi proche des Catacombes de Paris (10 minutes à pieds) ainsi que de la Grande Mosquée de Paris et du Jardin des Plantes. Le studio est lumineux (orienté plein sud), dans un boulevard assez calme et bien placé. Sans vis à vis (c'est tout de même	Bonjour à tous ! Je loue mon studio de 25 m2 situé dans le 13ème arrondissement avec un balcon de 7m de longueur sur 1.40 de largeur au premier étage Métros à proximité : Denfert Rochereau (10 minutes), Gobelins (7 minutes), Glacière (5 minutes). Avant toute chose, veuillez lire l'annonce s'il vous plait. Celle ci répondra à toutes vos éventuelles interrogations. Le studio n'est pas équipé d'un deuxième lit. En revanche, il y a un deuxième matelas de la même taille que celui du lit. Le logement est autonome. Autrement dit c'est un studio isolé, il ne fait pas partie d'un appartement ou d'une maison. Il est placé dans un immeuble dans lequel il n'y a pas de parties communes. Il se situe proche du 5eme arrondissement (à une rue), à 10 minutes à pieds de la rue Mouffetard, de la faculté de Paris 3 Sorbonne Nouvelle et à 5 minutes de celle de Paris Panthéon Sorbonne. Commerces proches en tous genres dans le quartier, le centre commercial Italie 2 se trouve à 15 minutes à pieds. Vous serez 
24801	"11m ²room to rent  in a large apartment (90m ²)  to share with two people. Comfortable with a warm atmosphere, the apartment is well equipped and pleasant to live in. There is a bathroom, a living room and a kitchen for 3. Everyone gets his private room. Located 15min from the Chatelet RER B, close to the international ""Cité Universitaire"", Butte aux Cailles, access to the historic center of Paris is easy. Next to a lot of food shops."	"11m ²room to rent  in a large apartment (90m ²)  to share with two people. Comfortable with a warm atmosphere, the apartment is well equipped and pleasant to live in. There is a bathroom, a living room and a kitchen for 3. Everyone gets his private room. Located 15min from the Chatelet RER B, close to the international ""Cité Universitaire"", Butte aux Cailles, access to the historic center of Paris is easy. Next to a lot of food shops. There is tram T3 (Cité Universitaire station) metro (Glaciere station or Place d'Italie station) and Rer B station  (Cité Universitaire station) very close to the flat . Located 15min from the Chatelet RER B (historic center)."
24802	"A proximité du RER Port-Royal et des aéroports parisiens, tout près des jardins du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, à quelques minutes de Saint-Germain-des-Prés et de Notre-Dame, ce bel appartement de style haussmanien occupe le deuxième étage d'un immeuble bourgeois du 19ème siècle. Confortable, spacieux (90m2), entièrement équipé (TV, Wi fi, internet ) il offre les conditions d'un agréable séjour en famille ou entre amis. Il dispose d' une belle vue sur l'ancienne abbaye de Port-Royal et d'une grande panoplie de commerces (boucheries, boulangeries, épiceries...)  ainsi que d'un marché ouvert (tous commerces) trois jours par semaine (mardi, jeudi, samedi). Nombreux restautants et brasseries  alentours, dont Le Bullier, La Coupole, Le Flore.  Quartier sécurisé. Attention ! pas d'offre spéciale ""une semaine"" pendant les fêtes de Noël et du Jour de l'An.  Parkings around home For one or a few hours : 3,60 E/hour in the historical Center,  2,40E/hour a little bit farther, 9h-19h, except week ends"	"A proximité du RER Port-Royal et des aéroports parisiens, tout près des jardins du Luxembourg, du Panthéon, à quelques minutes de Saint-Germain-des-Prés et de Notre-Dame, ce bel appartement de style haussmanien occupe le deuxième étage d'un immeuble bourgeois du 19ème siècle. Confortable, spacieux (90m2), entièrement équipé (TV, Wi fi, internet ) il offre les conditions d'un agréable séjour en famille ou entre amis. Il dispose d' une belle vue sur l'ancienne abbaye de Port-Royal et d'une grande panoplie de commerces (boucheries, boulangeries, épiceries...)  ainsi que d'un marché ouvert (tous commerces) trois jours par semaine (mardi, jeudi, samedi). Nombreux restautants et brasseries  alentours, dont Le Bullier, La Coupole, Le Flore.  Quartier sécurisé. Attention ! pas d'offre spéciale ""une semaine"" pendant les fêtes de Noël et du Jour de l'An.  Parkings around home For one or a few hours : 3,60 E/hour in the historical Center,  2,40E/hour a little bit farther, 9h-19h, except week ends"
24803		Un charmant appartement de 55m2 à 200m du Jardin du Luxembourg et à 10 min à pied de la Tour Montparnasse. Situé au cœur de Paris, très confortable et lumineux. Conçu dans l'esprit traditionnel parisien, il vous garantie une expérience unique!
24804	very quiet apartment, superb district, windows overlook typical Paris roofs. A large living room with fireplace, open kitchen, sofa unfolds as a double bed. Bathroom with tub, separate WC.	very quiet 1 bedroom apartment, lively central Montparnasse district, windows overlook typical Paris roofs. very quiet apartment, superb district, windows overlook typical Paris roofs. A large living room with fireplace, open kitchen, sofa unfolds as a double bed. Bathroom with tub, separate WC. 5th floor, no elevator I live in Paris, so I should be able to meet the guests most of the times. very lively neighborhood, cafes, theaters, open market, le Bon Marché walking distance to Gare Montparnasse, to 4 metro lines, RER B (direct to Charles de Gaulle, Orly airports, Gare du Nord) and 9 bus lines WIFI, free phone to cell phones and most countries
24805		Studette accueillante, refait à neuf, entièrement équipé et proche de toute commodité. Métro ligne 4 à 5 minutes à pied et RER B en bas de l'immeuble :)
24806	- Beautiful Parisian apartment in the center of Paris. - Metro Raspail / Vavin / Montparnasse - One bedroom, with a double bed - One large equipped kitchen - 2 sunny balconies - 5th and last floor without elevator - Calm and sunny Near all services / shops and close to Luxembourg garden. The environment is very clean and calm. You have everything close to the apartment: supermarkets, bakery, butcher, florist, lots of restaurants & pubs... The Luxembourg garden, very beautiful and famous park in Paris, is located at the end of the street! You also can go by walk to Saint-Germain des prés and to denfer-rochereau to visit the catacombs... :) About the tube, you have 2 stations very close: Raspail (lines 4 & 6) Vavin (line 4) There is also Montparnasse where you can come by walk (lines 4, 6, 12, 13) There is also a velib station (public bicycle service)  at the end of the street	- Beautiful Parisian apartment in the center of Paris. - Metro Raspail / Vavin / Montparnasse - One bedroom, with a double bed - One large equipped kitchen - 2 sunny balconies - 5th and last floor without elevator - Calm and sunny Near all services / shops and close to Luxembourg garden.
24807	Comfortable and bright, spacious bedroom with double bed and desk, living room with kitchen and table for 3 people . Charming view on the course .	Located between Montparnasse and Luxembourg garden, this flat is cosy, comfortable and luminous. Very well deserved. 2 separated spacious rooms with a separate bathroom, on a calm alley and close to a really cool area with restaurants and bars! Comfortable and bright, spacious bedroom with double bed and desk, living room with kitchen and table for 3 people . Charming view on the course . Entire apartment. Always available by text or phone call. Access metro line 4 and 6 at the end of the street . Strategic metro lines to the center of Paris like Notre Dame and Eiffel tower. Montparnasse station within 10min walk . Place Denfert -Rochereau within walking distance to airport access .
24808		Composé de 2 pièces Une pièce principale avec une cuisine américaine ouverte Une jolie chambre avec un lit double, un espace bureau et un beau dressing Une salle de bain avec douche WC séparé Lave linge séchant, micro onde, plaque induction
24809	Spacieux, calme.	Situé dans un quartier calme, proche transport en commun et à 5 min de la gare montparnasse et de la porte de versailles. Plusieurs commerces a proximité, plusieurs parcs, a 30 min en métro de la tour eiffel et 15 min des champs elysees. Spacieux, calme. Acces à tout les équipements. Je serai présent lors de l'hébergement mais il y a deux chambres. Calme et propre Métro L13, Tramway T3 et plusieurs lignes de bus
24810	the large studio is very versatile. in a few moves it converts to sleep up to 4 persons, or 6 if you ask me to put an extra futon mattress there is sitting for 6 to 8 persons so you can hold your dinners 	Very large studio with big windows : lots of space during the day, direct transport from airport at cité universitaire  At night, the double couch + double futon can sleep up to 4 persons. Bathroom is very large. equiped kitchen          the large studio is very versatile. in a few moves it converts to sleep up to 4 persons, or 6 if you ask me to put an extra futon mattress there is sitting for 6 to 8 persons so you can hold your dinners internet, the kitchen, the whole flat ! the area is very nice and calm, there is the big university park just close by I usually welcome the guests whatever the hour. on exceptions, I will give all the instructions so that you can recover the key and have a nice stay It's in the neigbourhood of the university park (cité universitaire / parc de montsouris) which is also a stop direct to both airpots close by is Montparnasse area with all its theatres, cinemas, restaurants, it's Paris most lively area although usually tourists think it's the champs Elysé
24811		Appartement, a 2 min du parc montsouris. Proche transport (RER B, Orly bus, ligne 6, vélib, autolib) Toutes commodités à proximité. Excellent point de départ pour visites et excursions parisienne. Parking possible-ascenseur. Salon, cuisine équipée et salle de bain. RER B (cité universitaire) METRO 6 (glacière) Orly bus BUS 62 & 21 Vélib et autolib
24812	This cozy, quiet and brand new apt. will warmly welcome you for an ideal stay in the heart of Paris! It's 2 min. walk from the subway station and the tramway, typical Parisian bars and cafes, grocery stores, and restaurants. You have 2 king size beds and 2 convertible beds for up to 7 persons. 2 bathroom, 2 kitchen, ideal for a family. This flat is  perfect for a short term rental in Paris the apartment is fully furnished and has all you need for your comfort. It is situated in a very alive district in the 14th arrondissement with all shops /supermarkets . The metro Porte de Vanves take you to straight to Montparnasse in 5 mn , to Champs Elysees in 15 mn and to the Moulin Rouge in 20mn. I hope you will enjoy your stay in paris :-)	This luminus and lovely 45m2 double studio in the 14e arrondissement, is and ideal place to stay for a group or a family. 2mn from the metro and the tramway , less than 20mn away from all the touristic spot. This cozy, quiet and brand new apt. will warmly welcome you for an ideal stay in the heart of Paris! It's 2 min. walk from the subway station and the tramway, typical Parisian bars and cafes, grocery stores, and restaurants. You have 2 king size beds and 2 convertible beds for up to 7 persons. 2 bathroom, 2 kitchen, ideal for a family. This flat is  perfect for a short term rental in Paris the apartment is fully furnished and has all you need for your comfort. It is situated in a very alive district in the 14th arrondissement with all shops /supermarkets . The metro Porte de Vanves take you to straight to Montparnasse in 5 mn , to Champs Elysees in 15 mn and to the Moulin Rouge in 20mn. I hope you will enjoy your stay in paris :-)
24813	Quite large and comfortable apartment in good neighbourhood in Paris. The flat is 50 square metres with a parking basement. Well served and easy access for subway and bus as it is near Alesia subway. All commodities such as restaurant and cinema nearby. Available for 4 people as there are 2 single beds and 1 sofa bed for 2 persons.	Quite large and comfortable apartment in good neighbourhood in Paris. The flat is 50 square metres with parking basement. Well served and easy access for subway and bus as it is near Alesia subway.There are 2 single beds and 1sofa bed for 2 persons. Quite large and comfortable apartment in good neighbourhood in Paris. The flat is 50 square metres with a parking basement. Well served and easy access for subway and bus as it is near Alesia subway. All commodities such as restaurant and cinema nearby. Available for 4 people as there are 2 single beds and 1 sofa bed for 2 persons.
24814	Cuisine équipée: frigidaire, congélateur, plaque de cuisson, four électrique et micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, bouilloire. Salle de bain: baignoire, lavabo, lave-linge et sèche-linge. Toilettes indépendantes. Situé dans un quartier vivant et pratique: restaurants et commerces. A 5mns  en métro des Champs-Elysées et des Invalides avec la ligne 13.  A 15 mns du Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles. Situé à 10mns à pied de Montparnasse, de ses théâtres et de ses cinémas.	Appartement de charme dans immeuble ancien récemment rénové, avec parquet et poutres apparentes. Confortable et lumineux, tout équipé, exposition sud, 4ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Accès Internet, wi-fi, télévision. Métro Pernety, ligne 13 Cuisine équipée: frigidaire, congélateur, plaque de cuisson, four électrique et micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, bouilloire. Salle de bain: baignoire, lavabo, lave-linge et sèche-linge. Toilettes indépendantes. Situé dans un quartier vivant et pratique: restaurants et commerces. A 5mns  en métro des Champs-Elysées et des Invalides avec la ligne 13.  A 15 mns du Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles. Situé à 10mns à pied de Montparnasse, de ses théâtres et de ses cinémas. Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement. Appartement de 75 m2 avec une grande chambre comprenant un lit double, un bureau, une commode et un grand placard. Dans l'entrée un grand placard.  Dans le salon, salle à manger, une bibliothèque, un peti
24815	All facilities, air dryer, iron, micro-wave, oven, Nespresso machine, brand new beds, wifi, TV, emergency kit.	Very calm and  entirely renovated Studio and bathroom, very design, in the heart of the famous Montparnasse borough, 8 minutes walk from Railways and Airport shuttle,1 minute from subway. You will adore this cute studio, ideal for a couple. All facilities, air dryer, iron, micro-wave, oven, Nespresso machine, brand new beds, wifi, TV, emergency kit. One minute from baker, butcher, supermarket, restaurant, pharmacy, wine store, fish etc... You will love the atmosphere of this typical street, very Parisian. 10 minutes walk  (or 1 subway station away) from Air France shuttle from Montparnasse to CDG/Orly airports.
24816	This apartment will allow you to relax after a long day walking in the parisian streets is . You will be able to enjoy : - Italian shower ; - TV, wifi... ; - A fully equipped kitchen.	"Typical ""Parisian"" apartment with moldings, fireplace and old decoration... Living room with relaxation area and loft bed ( 2 people). Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and a lovely bathroom. Middle : Alesia metro and shops . This apartment will allow you to relax after a long day walking in the parisian streets is . You will be able to enjoy : - Italian shower ; - TV, wifi... ; - A fully equipped kitchen. Hairdryer Towels (2) It's a charming neighborhood, close to all amenities ( bars, bakeries , butcher ... ) . Near Place Denfert Rochereau ( catacomb , many bars and restaurants). 15 minutes from the main tourist attractions (Louvre, St Michel, Champs Elysée...) Near rue d' Alesia and its famous shopping street destocking of Alesia . Station Vélib ' ( free bike service) to 20 m. Metro line 4 Alesia serving the main sites."
24817	The studio flat has a really good sofa bed for two people, an equipped kitchen, a small bathroom, separated toilets, and a nice balcony with a beautiful view.	Charming studio apartment with a view on parisian rooftops, in a quiet but typical neighbourhood (lots of shops, pedestrian area etc.) The location is ideal to enjoy Paris. The studio flat has a really good sofa bed for two people, an equipped kitchen, a small bathroom, separated toilets, and a nice balcony with a beautiful view. The neighborhood is quiet, but full of shops, restaurants and charming streets (with a pedestrian area). In several minutes, you can reach the Heart of Paris and more festive places. The flat is near line 6, 4, 13 of parisian subway, and RER B which brings you to the heart of Paris in 10 min tops, or to both airports in less than an hour.
24818		Très calme En plein coeur de Paris (à 2stations de Montparnasse) Très grand et amménagé en F1 Chambre séparée par une cloison japonaise + salon et cuisine américaine  Beaucoup de place pour dormir: 2lits 2places + 1canapé 1 balcon donnant sur un parc très calme Idéal famille
24819		Appartement de charme de deux pièces au cœur de paris à quelques minutes à pied de Montparnasse et Denfert-Rochereau. Proche de toutes les commodités situé dans un immeuble typiquement parisien.
24820	Loft atypique du quartier vert de Paris, à une minute de deux grands parcs! Commerces, boutiques et métro à 5' à pied. 15' du centre. Rue calme et loft lumineux et chaleureux. Pas d'étages à monter, RDC. Une chambre d'enfant (possible deux enfants) et un canapé lit dans le salon pour deux personnes. Une salle de bain/toilette et baignoire. Une grande cuisine américaine tout équipée. WIFI, porte (website hidden), internet, Canal+, DVD Lumière et couleurs	Rue calme dans le quartier vert de Paris.  Proche de toutes commodités et le parc Montsouris à 1 minute à pied pour prendre l'air et faire du footing! Charme et lumière à Paris.... Loft atypique du quartier vert de Paris, à une minute de deux grands parcs! Commerces, boutiques et métro à 5' à pied. 15' du centre. Rue calme et loft lumineux et chaleureux. Pas d'étages à monter, RDC. Une chambre d'enfant (possible deux enfants) et un canapé lit dans le salon pour deux personnes. Une salle de bain/toilette et baignoire. Une grande cuisine américaine tout équipée. WIFI, porte (website hidden), internet, Canal+, DVD Lumière et couleurs Accès machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, machine nespresso, TV, CD, internet non je ne serais pas présente dans l'appartement Ce quartier est le quartier vert de Paris: deux grands parc à une minute à pied de l'appartement. Quartier calme comme un petit village parisien. Bus en bas des escaliers et métro 5 minutes à pied (Alésia et Denfer
24821	SPECIAL DISCOUNT PRICE FROM THE 8TH TO THE 13TH OF AUGUST  Due to a last minute cancellation. PRICES AT -60%!! My apartment is ideal for couple, and small family. It's a charming 2 rooms loft with lot's of cachet! It has been completely redesigned 2 years ago. There is one bedroom + a sofa bed in the living room (4 persons can sleep), one bathroom (equiped with hairdryer, bath towels available). The kitchen is fully equiped (gaz, microwave, kettle, blender). There is the wifi, phone, washing machine,...there is all the household appliances you'll need to have a great stay. The place is typical and modern at the same time!	The apartment is bright and lovely, very typical from Paris! It is fully equipped and can welcome easily 4 people. I love its nice wooden floor and old molding. SPECIAL DISCOUNT PRICE FROM THE 8TH TO THE 13TH OF AUGUST  Due to a last minute cancellation. PRICES AT -60%!! My apartment is ideal for couple, and small family. It's a charming 2 rooms loft with lot's of cachet! It has been completely redesigned 2 years ago. There is one bedroom + a sofa bed in the living room (4 persons can sleep), one bathroom (equiped with hairdryer, bath towels available). The kitchen is fully equiped (gaz, microwave, kettle, blender). There is the wifi, phone, washing machine,...there is all the household appliances you'll need to have a great stay. The place is typical and modern at the same time! The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator and is extremely quiet as it gives onto a small courtyard. It is perfect to rest after your visits! I will be available to answer all your questions and 
24822	My english is not perfect, but i'm trying ! :) In the aptartment there is eveything you need : towels, sheets, micro waves, owen, shower, two persons bed, toilets, fridge, deep freeze, electric plate + all you need to cook and live easily in Paris ! 	"Everything you need inside and around the studio. Hope you will enjoy your trip in Paris ! 20 square meters apartment in PARIS for 1 or 2 people. Main room brand new (paint, kitchen, furniture). Very nice ! My english is not perfect, but i'm trying ! :) In the aptartment there is eveything you need : towels, sheets, micro waves, owen, shower, two persons bed, toilets, fridge, deep freeze, electric plate + all you need to cook and live easily in Paris !  You have everything you need really close (shop, movie, flower, books, restaurant, supermarket...) and of course you're in Paris so the Eiffel tower, champs elysées, shops, restaurant, clubs... Everything. The appartement is in the center of Paris. Hope you'll enjoy ! It's only 65 euros per night, but there is 30€ at your expense for the cleaning lady before and after your visit + washing laundry.  Ask me anything, i will try to answer you about Paris, what to do, what to see (i have a book ""paris for free"", that you will borrow without"
24823		Loue appartement type Haussmanien proche du métro. 2 chambres avec des lits doubles. 1 clic-clac dans le salon. Appartement très lumineux avec deux balcons dans la pièce à vivre. Parquet, corniches, cheminées... style très parisien!  
24824	Behind a typical Parisian door you will enter a well kept courtyard. Straight ahead you will walk up one floor and find yourself in front of a door. The door to your home for the next couple of days. You push the door and you are at home. In front of you is the bathroom, small but functional. If you are a very tall and large man you might not be able to go to the bathroom. That is an important point. But so far people have managed. The apartment can welcome 4 people but ideally 2 would be best for one practical reason: The water tank is small. 2 showers in a row is ok. 4...Well I am not sure everyone would have hot water. Although the tank fills up quickly. To your left you enter the living area. A nice couch is waiting for you to sit on it and relax.  The wifi is waiting for you to use it.  The desk it there if you want to work, write, put your laptop to listen to music.  You are surrounded by plants and flowers.  A grass carpet can be used to lie on and relax or to picnic.  A large w	Behind a typical Parisian door you will enter a well kept courtyard. Straight ahead you will walk up one floor and find yourself in front of a door. The door to your home for the next couple of days. You push the door and you are at home. In front of you is the bathroom, small but functional. If you are a very tall and large man you might not be able to go to the bathroom. That is an important point. But so far people have managed. The apartment can welcome 4 people but ideally 2 would be best for one practical reason: The water tank is small. 2 showers in a row is ok. 4...Well I am not sure everyone would have hot water. Although the tank fills up quickly. To your left you enter the living area. A nice couch is waiting for you to sit on it and relax.  The wifi is waiting for you to use it.  The desk it there if you want to work, write, put your laptop to listen to music.  You are surrounded by plants and flowers.  A grass carpet can be used to lie on and relax or to picnic.  A large w
24825	Logement est très bien situé (le centre de Paris à 15 minutes), dans un bel immeuble sécurisé, accès avec clef uniquement. La cuisine est équipée: frigo, lave ligne, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, machine à café Nespresso: capsules offertes :)    Salle de bains avec baignoire. !!! Attention: le logement ne comporte pas de connexion internet !  The apartment is well located in the beautiful building (with security service, you have to use key for the access and elevator) in the nice district of Paris, just in 15 minutes from the city centre. The kitchen is fully equipped with refrigerator, washing machine, dish washer, microwave and coffee machine Nespresso with free capsules :) ) The bathroom with bathtub. !!! Attention: there is no Internet connection in the apartment !!! 	Je loue un joli deux pièces confortable avec un grand salon et une chambre. Idéalement situé à 200 m du métro Alésia ou Mouton Duvernet. Un Monoprix et une boulangerie situés en bas de l'immeuble et des nombreux commerces de l'Av. du Gal Leclerc. Logement est très bien situé (le centre de Paris à 15 minutes), dans un bel immeuble sécurisé, accès avec clef uniquement. La cuisine est équipée: frigo, lave ligne, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, machine à café Nespresso: capsules offertes :)    Salle de bains avec baignoire. !!! Attention: le logement ne comporte pas de connexion internet !  The apartment is well located in the beautiful building (with security service, you have to use key for the access and elevator) in the nice district of Paris, just in 15 minutes from the city centre. The kitchen is fully equipped with refrigerator, washing machine, dish washer, microwave and coffee machine Nespresso with free capsules :) ) The bathroom with bathtub. !!! Attention: there is no Internet con
24826	- Apartment very clean and tidy -Comfortable and very spacious (54 square meters) -Beautiful parquet floor -Bedroom on quiet little street - Fully equiped and separate kitchen -Double bed for guests and extra bed if needed -A cleaning lady comes once a week -Clean towels and sheets are provided -Ideally located to visit and enjoy Paris life	-Located in the famous  rue Daguerre  -2 room apartment,  rue Daguerre, all renovated with: double bed in bedroom (+extra bed), living room, bathroom, kitchen fully equiped  -all commodities nearby -market  -metro & bus Place Denfert-Rochereau - Apartment very clean and tidy -Comfortable and very spacious (54 square meters) -Beautiful parquet floor -Bedroom on quiet little street - Fully equiped and separate kitchen -Double bed for guests and extra bed if needed -A cleaning lady comes once a week -Clean towels and sheets are provided -Ideally located to visit and enjoy Paris life -Clean towels and sheets are provided for the guests -Full internet access, wifi -Television - I am present at the apartment to welcome the guests and show them around the place -Available and reachable if necessary Unique local market experience with the famous rue Daguerre authentic and typical french restaurants Family friendly and safe neighborhood immediate access to metro and bus lines Denfert-Rochereau
24827	 Fresh baguette from the French bakeries outside the door, french/international restaurants all around and a glass of wine right around the corner! In a calm and residential neighbourhood where you can rest after a full day of Paris visiting, this is what you are looking for.  The apartment is inside a typical Parisian building, very well maintained and clean, situated in the third floor.  The apartment's unique situation, between two interior courts (without loosing any luminosity), will allow you to leave all the noise from the street and enter a peaceful ambiance where you can resource yourself.	Charming 45m2 apartment in southern Paris, Alesia Come enjoy our fully furnished place, which will give you the peace and enjoyment you are looking for!  Our spacious apartment can perfectly receive 2/3 people. You won't regret it, contact us! Fresh baguette from the French bakeries outside the door, french/international restaurants all around and a glass of wine right around the corner! In a calm and residential neighbourhood where you can rest after a full day of Paris visiting, this is what you are looking for.  The apartment is inside a typical Parisian building, very well maintained and clean, situated in the third floor.  The apartment's unique situation, between two interior courts (without loosing any luminosity), will allow you to leave all the noise from the street and enter a peaceful ambiance where you can resource yourself. The whole apartment is yours to enjoy!
24828	Appartement complet de 50m2 4ème étage Lumineux, authentique, boiseries et moulures. Parquet chaleureux	Profitez en vrai parisien de ce quartier d'artistes, avec ses marchés, boulangerie, restaurants, jardins ou encore catacombes. Appartement lumineux, spacieux tout équipé: électroménager, lave-linge, wifi (fibre), Tv, serviettes... Metro Alesia - Plaisance, 15min a pied de Montparnasse, 45 min d'Orly (Orlybus)  Accès rapide à tout Paris. Appartement complet de 50m2 4ème étage Lumineux, authentique, boiseries et moulures. Parquet chaleureux Parisien, auditeur au Louvres et féru d'histoire. Explorateur de catacombes officieuses (toutes proches) Visite de Paris possible, en fonction des dates Metro Alesia - Plaisance, 15min a pied de Montparnasse, 45 min d'Orly (Orlybus)  Accès rapide à tout Paris.
24829	Bienvenue chez moi ! Je vous propose de passer un séjour agréable dans mon appartement, au 2eme étage avec un grand et lumineux salon/séjour. J'ai acheté et fait entièrement rénové cet appartement en 2011. Mon coup de coeur : les volumes, la luminosité et l'espace dégagé qu'offre la vue des 3 belles ouvertures.	Dans un quartier sûr et familial, proche de tous commerces, je vous ouvre les portes de ma résidence principale.  Une grande pièce de vie lumineuse avec belle cuisine ouverte totalement équipée. Idéal comme lieu de résidence pour visiter Paris. Bienvenue chez moi ! Je vous propose de passer un séjour agréable dans mon appartement, au 2eme étage avec un grand et lumineux salon/séjour. J'ai acheté et fait entièrement rénové cet appartement en 2011. Mon coup de coeur : les volumes, la luminosité et l'espace dégagé qu'offre la vue des 3 belles ouvertures. Séjour/Literie : 1 vrai lit 2 places dans la chambre 1 canapé 1,5 place mousse convertible dans le séjour Draps, serviettes et couette fournis Cuisine :  NESSPRESSO  Four et micro ondes Grand réfrigérateur  Congélateur Tout équipement de cuisine, vaisselle, etc Salle de bains :  Baignoire Sèche Cheveux Shampooing et gel douche Je réponds facilement à mes mails que j'ai toujours sur moi. J'essaye d'être toujours présente pour la remise des
24830	Il monolocale che offriamo e molto accogliente pur nella sua essenzialita'.... situato a pochissimi minuti dal centro e da tutti i luoghi piu' suggestivi di Parigi. 	Monolacale con sede a Parigi. La struttura èa 2,8 km dalla Cattedrale di Notre Dame e 3,2 km da Bercy (Palais Omnisports)-C'è una cucina completa con frigorifero e stoviglie.  Se avete voglia di visitare i dintorni, siamo a 3,2 km Museo del Louvre.. Il monolocale che offriamo e molto accogliente pur nella sua essenzialita'.... situato a pochissimi minuti dal centro e da tutti i luoghi piu' suggestivi di Parigi. I clienti riceveranno dal portiere le chiavi dell'appartamento ...e alla partenza riconsegneranno le chiavi al portiere dopo che avra'  controllato che non ci sia nulla di rotto. Montparnasse è un'ottima scelta per i viaggiatori interessati a: monumenti, cultura e musei.
24831	The flat is located in a residential friendly neighborhood with food shops and a supermarket close by. It's near to Cité Universitaire, the Student District in Paris.  It's very easy to reach all attractions of Paris. This flat is 50m2 large new with large windows and holds:  - a living room with a big mezzanine sofa, a HD and 3D TV and a library - a well-furnished kitchen with cooking plates, microwave oven, fridge, vitro-ceramic hotplates, washing machine, kettle, coffee, a great variety of teas from all around the world, sugar... - a bathroom with a bath - a large bedroom with a bid desk The decoration is contemporary. The building is quiet and safe. 	This modern, confortable and bright flat of 50m2 large has a very nice view on the Montsouris park! It's located in a very quiet area 15 minutes far from Quartier Latin& Louvre. Perfect for 2 persons!  You will feel at home away from home.  The flat is located in a residential friendly neighborhood with food shops and a supermarket close by. It's near to Cité Universitaire, the Student District in Paris.  It's very easy to reach all attractions of Paris. This flat is 50m2 large new with large windows and holds:  - a living room with a big mezzanine sofa, a HD and 3D TV and a library - a well-furnished kitchen with cooking plates, microwave oven, fridge, vitro-ceramic hotplates, washing machine, kettle, coffee, a great variety of teas from all around the world, sugar... - a bathroom with a bath - a large bedroom with a bid desk The decoration is contemporary. The building is quiet and safe. - WIFI/Cable ADSL internet access  - clean towels and bedsheets provided - Brochures of main Pari
24832	appartement pratique avec décoration moderne et ambiance calme (donne sur cour). 1 chambre indépendante (lit double) ; 1 petit salon avec canapé et TV ; 1 kitchenette ouverte sur salon ; 1 salle de bain avec douche ; 1 WC séparé .  . 	A 50 m du métro dans quartier commercant. Appartement tout équipé, clair et calme ; 3ème étage, parfait pour séjourner à Paris quelques jours ou plusieurs mois. Machine à laver, TV, Internet.... Lit 2 places .Salle de bain, WC ,kitchenette et salon . appartement pratique avec décoration moderne et ambiance calme (donne sur cour). 1 chambre indépendante (lit double) ; 1 petit salon avec canapé et TV ; 1 kitchenette ouverte sur salon ; 1 salle de bain avec douche ; 1 WC séparé .  . Je suis à votre service pour vous indiquer différentes adresses et découvrir paris  ! proche de tous commerces (supermarket , restaurants et magasins à 50 mètres  ). la rue raymond losserand et la rue d'alésia sont vivantes et accessibles en moins d'une minute à pied . au pied du metro Pernety (30 mètres) pour visiter paris  ; à 10 mn de la gare SCNF Montparnasse pour les longs trajets .
24833		Studio calme, avec cuisine éclairée,  salle de bain et  wc séparés
24834		Je loue mon appartement 2 pièces - 30 m2 ( 1 chambre + 1 salon avec canapé lit). Paris 14ème porte d'Orléans bien desservi ( à 30 min max la plupart du temps des autres lieux de Paris). Bel appartement convivial donnant sur cours au calme. Dispo svt. Ce tarif est pour une nuit logement entier. Je peux aussi accueillir une personne ( fille de préférence) quand je suis là et baisser dans  ce cas le prix. La personne aura au choix la chambre ou le salon à disposition pour être tranquille.
24835	Bonjour, Je propose mon appartement disposant d'un excellent couchage pour des périodes de moyenne durée (vacances, périodes de stage à Paris, séminaires, etc.). Durée 5 jours minimum / 4 semaines maximum.  *Le quartier : Alésia-Porte d'Orléans (14ème), au coeur d'un quartier à la fois dynamique et très agréable, disposant de toutes les commodités : métro-bus-vélib-tramway à 3min, commerces de proximité, supermarché à 20mètres, magasins bio, cinémas, restaurants, Cité Universitaire et Parc Montsouris tous deux à 10min à pieds, piscines, etc. *Le logement : Studio sans vis à vis, lumineux (grandes baies vitrées), confortable et calme dans une résidence surveillée, au 9ème étage avec ascenseur, orienté Est, disposant d'un grand balcon. - Kitchenette équipée : 1 réfrigérateur/congélateur, 1 four combiné micro-ondes/chaleur tournante, 1 plaque à induction,1 cafetière-filtre, 1 grille pain. - Salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser. - Couchage : canapé-lit type BZ de gra	Au cœur d'un quartier à la fois dynamique et agréable, disposant de toutes les commodités ; studio sans vis à vis, lumineux (grandes baies vitrées), confortable et calme dans une résidence surveillée ; long balcon ; 9ème étage avec ascenseur. Bonjour, Je propose mon appartement disposant d'un excellent couchage pour des périodes de moyenne durée (vacances, périodes de stage à Paris, séminaires, etc.). Durée 5 jours minimum / 4 semaines maximum.  *Le quartier : Alésia-Porte d'Orléans (14ème), au coeur d'un quartier à la fois dynamique et très agréable, disposant de toutes les commodités : métro-bus-vélib-tramway à 3min, commerces de proximité, supermarché à 20mètres, magasins bio, cinémas, restaurants, Cité Universitaire et Parc Montsouris tous deux à 10min à pieds, piscines, etc. *Le logement : Studio sans vis à vis, lumineux (grandes baies vitrées), confortable et calme dans une résidence surveillée, au 9ème étage avec ascenseur, orienté Est, disposant d'un grand balcon. - Kitchenette
24836	Ce confortable studio est situé dans le 14ème arrondissement, à Alesia. Le quartier est dynamique. De nombreuses boutiques, bars, restaurants et supermarchés sont situés à quelques minutes à pieds. L’appartement est situé dans une résidence moderne avec ascenseur, digicode et concierge. L’appartement est à 2 minutes du métro Alesia et à peine 1 minute de nombreux bus desservant les lieux incontournables de Paris. Le RER B est également situé à moins de 10minutes. C'est un appartement de 27m² avec une terrasse de 10m² donnant sur un jardin très calme. La terrasse est équipé d’un salon en teck avec table + 4 chaises + 1 transat+ 1 parasol chauffant . Très bien isolé, très silencieux, cuisine équipée avec plaques vitrocéramiques, four, grille-pain, micro-ondes, machine à expresso, frigo-congélateur et une machine à laver. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Canapé convertible très confortable avec un vrai matelas. Le linge de lit et serviettes sont inclus. L'appartement est équipé d'Internet ha	Studio de 28m² avec terrasse de 11m² donnant sur un grand jardin très calme. Situé dans une résidence privée sécurisée. De nombreuses boutiques, bars, restaurants et supermarchés à proximité. Quartier vivant et animé. Ce confortable studio est situé dans le 14ème arrondissement, à Alesia. Le quartier est dynamique. De nombreuses boutiques, bars, restaurants et supermarchés sont situés à quelques minutes à pieds. L’appartement est situé dans une résidence moderne avec ascenseur, digicode et concierge. L’appartement est à 2 minutes du métro Alesia et à peine 1 minute de nombreux bus desservant les lieux incontournables de Paris. Le RER B est également situé à moins de 10minutes. C'est un appartement de 27m² avec une terrasse de 10m² donnant sur un jardin très calme. La terrasse est équipé d’un salon en teck avec table + 4 chaises + 1 transat+ 1 parasol chauffant . Très bien isolé, très silencieux, cuisine équipée avec plaques vitrocéramiques, four, grille-pain, micro-ondes, machine à exp
24837		Ce studio lumineux est situé dans le 14ème arrondissement de Paris. Il se trouve côté cour ce qui permet d'être au calme et sans bruit bruit urbain. Il dispose d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain séparées qui viennent s'ajouter à une pièce à vivre spacieuse. Ce logement de 20m² est situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Il se trouve à 7 min à pied de la station Denfert Rocherau (Métros, Rer, Bus), et est entouré de restaurants, fast foods et centres commerciaux.
24838	Original and independent life in Paris. This tiny studio, totally renovated in 2015, is located on the 6th floor of a typical 19th century old building in a quiet, paved street. The building is equipped with an elevator.	Independent room with bathroom and kitchnett on the 6th floor with elevator. Original and independent life in Paris. This tiny studio, totally renovated in 2015, is located on the 6th floor of a typical 19th century old building in a quiet, paved street. The building is equipped with an elevator. A room with kitchen area and bathroom : from the window you will enjoy the view on the parisien roofs. The studio has a wardrobe, a sofa bed, a desk. There is a large double glazed window which lets in plenty of light. Being parisian-born, I absolutely love this city! But I have also lived 20 years abroad in Germany, so I like to travel and discover other countries and cultures. I will be happy to give you informations if you need some. The studio is located in Paris 'rive gauche', south of the Seine, in a nice and authentic district, only a 15min walk away from artistic Montparnasse, where many artists still live until today. You will find international cooking, charming flowered streets (rue
24839	Nous aimons sa lumière, et si vous aimez les livres, vous vous sentirez chez vous! Idéal pour deux personnes, il y a aussi un canapé lit d'une place pour une troisième personne dans le séjour.	Beau deux pièces refait à neuf il y a trois ans, 9ème et dernier étage, calme, avec ascenseur, magnifique vue panoramique, ensoleillé, cuisine américaine, parquet en tommettes de terre cuite, lave linge, est., agréable à vivre. Nous aimons sa lumière, et si vous aimez les livres, vous vous sentirez chez vous! Idéal pour deux personnes, il y a aussi un canapé lit d'une place pour une troisième personne dans le séjour. Nous vous proposons tout le logement, composé d'une entrée, d'une chambre et d'un séjour avec sa cuisine américaine Nous serons joignables tout votre séjour. L'appartement se trouve dans un quartier proche de tous commerces, et pourtant très calme. Il est à proximité des lieux où sortir (Denfert-Rochereau, Daguerre, Alésia, Montsouris) tout en étant préservé du tumulte. Il est à 6 mn de Denfert Rochereau (RER B et lignes de métro 4 et 6) Idem pour Saint-Jacques (ligne 6) et Alésia (ligne 4) Près de plusieurs stations vélib et d'une station d'autolib Accès au wifi,
24840		Charmant studio très lumineux, calme et fonctionnel.  Au pied du métro Pernety ( ligne 13), dans un quartier convivial, vous trouverez de nombreux commerces à proximité. L appartement bénéficie d une cuisine équipée & d un canapé lit confortable.
24841	Situé dans un immeuble moderne avec une excellente isolation phonique. Séjour et balcon donnant sur un jardin privatif arboré.	Situé dans un immeuble moderne avec une excellente isolation phonique. Séjour et balcon donnant sur un jardin privatif arboré. Un appartement dans un immeuble sécurisé et confortable.  Quartier très commerçant et calme En voiture ( parking privé sécurisé gratuit). 2 lignes de métro (13 et 4) et 1 ligne de bus (58)à proximité Si arrivée après 20 h ou départ avant 8 h : supplément de 15€ par heure. Si arrivée ou départ un dimanche ou jour férié : supplément de 20 €
24842		Ce studio de 42 m2 est situé dans le charmant quartier de Plaisance, Paris 14e (métro à la sortie de l'immeuble). Vraie cuisine, grande salle de bain, une pièce à vivre très lumineuse de 23 m2, un balcon avec vue sur Paris pour vos repas au soleil.
24843	The studio is situated on the 2nd floor of a four-storey building. There is a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. A double bed and a rollaway sofa can accommodate up to 4 guests. There are three large windows with automatic shutters, one in the kitchen and two in the bedroom. There is a Wi-Fi connection and a telephone with a possibility of making free calls to European landline numbers. 	A typical parisian studio, very luminous, located in a quiet street.  The studio is situated on the 2nd floor of a four-storey building. There is a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. A double bed and a rollaway sofa can accommodate up to 4 guests. There are three large windows with automatic shutters, one in the kitchen and two in the bedroom. There is a Wi-Fi connection and a telephone with a possibility of making free calls to European landline numbers.  You will find everything you need in the neighbourhood: supermarkets, shops, a wonderful park, various transports, bars and restaurants. The flea market of the Porte des Vanves is just in a few tram stations! Direct bus (including the night N14 bus) and subway lines to the Montparnasse and to the city center. Direct access to the airports (RER B),  13 minutes to the Châtelet subway station. Two subway lines, bus, tramway, RER and velib' stations nearby. We speak English
24844		Appartement charmant/ ideal pour couple/ tres bien desservi/ commerces a proximité Metro/ bus/ tramway/ velib
24845	Location idéale pour visiter Paris.	Location idéale pour visiter Paris. Situé dans le quartier de montparnasse / saint germain des prés. Il permet de se rendre à pied a la tour eiffel (20 min), au jardin du luxembourg (10 min), Tour montparnasse (1 min!) , rue de Rennes et ses magasins! ( 5 min),.. à 20 minutes en métro de Montmartre, Invalides .. Nombreux restaurants, théatres et cinema dans le quartier. Nombreux supermarchés en bas de l immeuble ( ouvert 7jr/7 ) . A 2 minutes de la gare Montparnasse et de 4 lignes de metro. A 1 minute du bus Air France pour les aeroport Charles de gaulle et Orly. Direct ( 20 min)  pour la gare du nord  ( l eurostar/ thalys ) Station de taxi au pied de l'immeuble. N'hesitez pas a me poser des questions.  Fumeurs acceptés ( merci de fumer uniquement sur le balcon) Linge fourni. Serviettes fournies si vous le souhaitez. 
24846	Idéal pour séjour à Paris, proche de tout transport pour visiter comme sortir.	Studio de 20m2 aménagé avec goût dans immeuble de charme, calme, au 1er étage avec ascenseur vue sur cour. Situé proche de tout transport (Ligne 13, ligne 4, Tramway T3), commerces et à 15mins de Montparnasse en métro.  Idéal pour séjour à Paris ! Idéal pour séjour à Paris, proche de tout transport pour visiter comme sortir. Accès à tous les équipements du studio : cuisine, frigo, four micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, grille pain, équipements cuisine, table à repasser et fer à repasser, télé, wifi. Par mail ou téléphone Proche de tout commerce (Carrefour Market, Simply Market, commerces de proximité : boulangeries, pharmacie etc). Marché le jeudi et dimanche matin le long du boulevard, quartier très agréable. Métro porte de vanves (Ligne 13) à 5mins, Métro porte d'Orléans (ligne 4) à 10mins, tramway T3 arrêt Didot à 2mins. Nombreuses lignes de bus vers Montparnasse et Chatelet. Salle de bain avec baignoire
24847		C est un  quartier ou il y fait bon vivre avec des bars et de bon restaurants 
24848	L'appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble Haussmannien, plein sud sans vis a vis, avec balcon (10m²). La vue est totalement dégagée. L'appartement fait 87m², est constitué d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, une salle de bain, d'un WC, de deux chambres: une chambre avec lit double de 1.60m, une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple de 90cm (possibilité de rajouter un lit à barreaux et/ou lit parapluie), d'un salon et d'une salle à manger. La cuisine est totalement équipée (four, four micro onde, LL, SL, LV). Cet appartement est situé dans une des rares rue piétonne de Paris, constituée de nombreux commerces de bouches, magasins, restaurants. L'endroit est calme, chaleureux, lumineux et convivial avec une réelle vie de quartier. A deux pas de la place Denfert Rochereau, métro, bus , RER sont à moins de 50m. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant(s).	L'appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble Haussmannien, plein sud sans vis a vis, avec balcon (10m²). La vue est totalement dégagée. L'appartement fait 87m², est constitué d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, une salle de bain, d'un WC, de deux chambres: une chambre avec lit double de 1.60m, une chambre d'enfant avec un lit simple de 90cm (possibilité de rajouter un lit à barreaux et/ou lit parapluie), d'un salon et d'une salle à manger. La cuisine est totalement équipée (four, four micro onde, LL, SL, LV). Cet appartement est situé dans une des rares rue piétonne de Paris, constituée de nombreux commerces de bouches, magasins, restaurants. L'endroit est calme, chaleureux, lumineux et convivial avec une réelle vie de quartier. A deux pas de la place Denfert Rochereau, métro, bus , RER sont à moins de 50m. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant(s).
24849	40m² apartment, with a queen size bed, high-speed internet, télévision, kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Located at the 1st floor of an authentic parisien building, the apartment is very calm, and so is the street in front of it. However, it is very close to Montparnasse. Métro Pernety, with a Vélib' station located RIGHT in front of the building entrance door.	Cosy apartment, ideally located in Paris, enabling you to discover Paris while enjoying a quiet and peaceful environment. 40m² apartment, with a queen size bed, high-speed internet, télévision, kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Located at the 1st floor of an authentic parisien building, the apartment is very calm, and so is the street in front of it. However, it is very close to Montparnasse. Métro Pernety, with a Vélib' station located RIGHT in front of the building entrance door. The apartment will be fully available, along with all equipments inside (television, piano, guitare, books, etc...) The apartment will be 100% for guets (hosts won't be in the apartment during the stay). The Montparnasse graveyard is certainly one of the things not to miss in the area, as well as numerous nice spots, such as the Entrepôt (restaurant/bar/shows/cinéma). Very easy to access (especially if coming from the Montparnasse train station), the apartment is located 50 metres away (maximum 1 minute walking
24850		Cet appartement lumineux est ouvert sur tout Paris. Une vue dégagée sur l'horizon parisien vous accompagnera au fil des jours. Situé dans le quartier d'Alésia, il vous permettra d'accéder à toute la ville intramuros de jour comme de nuit. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme du 14ème arrondissement, au 15 rue Sarrette. Nous vous remettrons les clefs à votre arrivée, et serons joignable par téléphone tout au long de votre séjour. Le quartier est vivant et proche de toutes les commodités. Pour se restaurer, il y a plusieurs supermarché ainsi que de nombreux restaurants. Le parc Montsouris se trouve également très proche de l'appartement. Par ailleurs, ce dernier se situe dans une rue en sens unique, il est donc très calme. Il se trouve à 5 minutes à pieds du métro Alésia, et 10 minutes de Porte d'Orléans et Saint Jacques. Sa situation géographique permet, par la ligne 4 traversant Paris du Sud au Nord et les nombreuses lignes de bus, un accès facile à l'ensemble de Paris intramuros
24851	 Cute  592ft2 / 55m2 apartment on the sixth floor with an elevator, well appointed.  The apartment is situated between Denfert Rochereau and the park Montsouris, with a secured access (entry code & bell).  This charming area of the City will delight those of you researching the authentical Parisian neighborhood. THE APARTMENT - A living-room with a comfortable convertible couch (2 persons)   - One bedroom with double bed, and a large closet  - Bathroom with a bath (hair dryer, washing machine & dryer, iron) - Separated restrooms  - Kitchen equipped (fridge (with freezer), micro wave, stove & oven, hood, a steamer, all equipment for cooking)  - Double-glazed windows in every room  - Fresh linens and towels provided  - Wi-Fi Internet access available for your laptop, TV, DVD, game pad & Stereo. - Charger for your laptop & iphone / ipod are availables.   - Many books (in French and English) and CD (various styles at your disposal)  - We will be happy to help you with tourist information (	 Cute  592ft2 / 55m2 apartment on the sixth floor with an elevator, well appointed.  The apartment is situated between Denfert Rochereau and the park Montsouris, with a secured access (entry code & bell).  This charming area of the City will delight those of you researching the authentical Parisian neighborhood. THE APARTMENT - A living-room with a comfortable convertible couch (2 persons)   - One bedroom with double bed, and a large closet  - Bathroom with a bath (hair dryer, washing machine & dryer, iron) - Separated restrooms  - Kitchen equipped (fridge (with freezer), micro wave, stove & oven, hood, a steamer, all equipment for cooking)  - Double-glazed windows in every room  - Fresh linens and towels provided  - Wi-Fi Internet access available for your laptop, TV, DVD, game pad & Stereo. - Charger for your laptop & iphone / ipod are availables.   - Many books (in French and English) and CD (various styles at your disposal)  - We will be happy to help you with tourist information (
24852		Bel appartement. 2 chambres. Situé entre les quartiers Denfert Rochereau et Montparnasse.
24853	Logement disposant de tous les équipements nécessaires pour un séjour de plus ou moins longue durée dans la capitale. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous donner de bonnes adresses pour profiter pleinement de votre séjour parisien	Fully equiped apartement located near Alesia.  26 square meters with own bathroom and large living room. Ideal place to enjoy few days in Paris with lots of restaurants and local shops just around the corner !
24854	Notre appartement se compose d'une entrée, d'une cuisine (lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro-onde), un salon-salle à manger, deux chambres dont une d'enfant (lit à barreaux, table à langer, chaise haute), salle de bains et WC séparés.	Dans un quartier commerçant et bien desservi (métro ligne 4, bus, RER B), au troisième étage venez séjourner dans notre agréable appartement de trois pièces d'environ 55 m2, alliant charme des immeubles parisiens (moulures, cheminées...) et une décoration composée  d'objets chinés . Notre appartement se compose d'une entrée, d'une cuisine (lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro-onde), un salon-salle à manger, deux chambres dont une d'enfant (lit à barreaux, table à langer, chaise haute), salle de bains et WC séparés.
24855		Appartement parisien dans 14eme - Au calme - Tout équipé TV, Internet, machine à laver- 1 chambre avec lit double - Salon avec canapé lit - 1 salle de bain et cuisine équipée - Parfait pour un séjour touristique sur Paris - Proche parc Montsouris Proche métro 4 Alésia/Porte d'Orléans, Tram T3 Porte d'Orléans/Montsouris et RER B Cité Universitaire. 
24856	Le logement Un appartement dans un quartier animé et proche de tout !  un appartement 2 pièces, très calme et ensoleillé , 2e étage , vue sur cour.  il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit, cuisine entièrement équipée (four, micro onde, plaque de c Un appartement dans un quartier animé et proche de tout !  un appartement 2 pièces, très calme et ensoleillé , 2e étage , vue sur cour.  il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit, cuisine entièrement équipée (four, micro onde, plaque de cuisson, frigidaire ), Une salle de bain avec une douche .Machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle, TV et WIFI gratuit (fibre optique). L’appartement est situé au pied de nombreux modes de transport  A côté du metro Denfert Rochereau - Accès direct aux aéroports par RER et Bus. Charles de Gaulle : 50 min et Orly : 30 min  Bien desservi : Metro Ligne 4/6/13 RER B Situé dans un quartier très vivant : la rue Daguerre (animée et commerçante), nombreux cafés et restaurants ouverts tard et très sympathiques, magasi	Le logement Un appartement dans un quartier animé et proche de tout !  un appartement 2 pièces, très calme et ensoleillé , 2e étage , vue sur cour.  il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit, cuisine entièrement équipée (four, micro onde, plaque de c Le logement Un appartement dans un quartier animé et proche de tout !  un appartement 2 pièces, très calme et ensoleillé , 2e étage , vue sur cour.  il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit, cuisine entièrement équipée (four, micro onde, plaque de c Un appartement dans un quartier animé et proche de tout !  un appartement 2 pièces, très calme et ensoleillé , 2e étage , vue sur cour.  il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit, cuisine entièrement équipée (four, micro onde, plaque de cuisson, frigidaire ), Une salle de bain avec une douche .Machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle, TV et WIFI gratuit (fibre optique). L’appartement est situé au pied de nombreux modes de transport  A côté du metro Denfert Rochereau - Accès direct aux aéroports p
24857	My flat is ideal for people who don't always want to go out for lunch or diner. The kitchen is big enough (email hidden) experience! Also there is no TV which is perfect for people who want a break from screens during their stay.  My Ganesh statue will look after you during your holidays here!	Small studio ideal for a couple! Located in a central area, in a pedestrian street with lots of shops/restaurants and bars. My flat is ideal for people who don't always want to go out for lunch or diner. The kitchen is big enough (email hidden) experience! Also there is no TV which is perfect for people who want a break from screens during their stay.  My Ganesh statue will look after you during your holidays here! My flat will be all yours during your stay. I'll make room in the cupboards for you to be able to leave your stuff!  Kitchen is all yours! Please try and replace any food you might want to take (except the usual salt & pepper). You can use the washing machine for your laundry. I'll leave clean towels and sheets for you. And i'll leave wifi access as well!!! I'm usually away during you stay but i leave my tips and recommendations for places to eat and go out. Lots of non-touristic bars and restaurants in the area. The street is only accessible to pedestrians during week-ends.
24858	C'est un appartement ensoleillé ! Avec une exposition est-ouest, vous profiterez d'un petit-déjeuner au soleil, et vous pourrez cuisiner tout en profitant des derniers rayons... Autre avantage, le vis-à-vis : c'est un lycée en face de l'immeuble, donc il sera fermé durant la période des vacances scolaires. Nice apartment, with a lot of natural light : east/west orientation so you can take your breakfast in the sunlight and cook in the sunset.  There's a high-school on the street side, so no vis-a-vis during the summer !	Appartement de 37m2, proche de métro (ligne 4,6), bus (28, 68, 38), RER (B), Orlybus, et à 6 minutes de la gare Montparnasse.  Quartier Daguerre, proche de toutes commodités.  Appartement calme, bien équipé, situé au 4e étage d'un bel immeuble. C'est un appartement ensoleillé ! Avec une exposition est-ouest, vous profiterez d'un petit-déjeuner au soleil, et vous pourrez cuisiner tout en profitant des derniers rayons... Autre avantage, le vis-à-vis : c'est un lycée en face de l'immeuble, donc il sera fermé durant la période des vacances scolaires. Nice apartment, with a lot of natural light : east/west orientation so you can take your breakfast in the sunlight and cook in the sunset.  There's a high-school on the street side, so no vis-a-vis during the summer ! Je me tiens à votre dispositions pour plus de renseignements, ou pour quelconque question sur le quartier et ses alentours ! Don't hesitate to contact me for more information ! I know the neighborhood by heart as I lived there fo
24859		Internet, wifi, fixe illimité en France, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser, bouilloire, four, extracteur de fruits Je suis toujours joignable par téléphone ou par mail Quartier animé et chaleureux, à deux pas de la rue authentique des Thermopyles, non loin des puces de porte de Vanves, de la foire au livre du parc Brassens ou encore des galeries commerciales et des cinémas de Montparnasse Métro Pernety (ligne 13) 10 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse
24860	Hello everybody! First of all a quick introduction of me: French from Paris, I do work and travel a lot. As a consequence I decided to share my place with people who as I do, are a little bit fed up with going to the hotels as you can't feel really at home.  My apartment is located in a famous area and very very convenient for people who are traveling for pleasure or on a business trip. - Bus stop 58 in front of our door which goes in 5 minutes to la Gare Montparnasse, 10 minutes from Saint Germain des Pres, 20 minutes from the Louvres and Hotel de Ville even on sunday. - Subway station number 13, 5 minutes from my place and runs whole Paris from the north to the south. - Tram T3, 2 minutes from my place: you will enjoy this transportation and get to some very good places in Paris ( Chinatown, Parc des Expositions...) You will find all you need on my street: cafe shop, very good restaurants (jeroboam my fav), take away, groceries, wine bars... The area is very safe as there are some ho	Hello everybody! First of all a quick introduction of me: French from Paris, I do work and travel a lot. As a consequence I decided to share my place with people who as I do, are a little bit fed up with going to the hotels as you can't feel really at home.  My apartment is located in a famous area and very very convenient for people who are traveling for pleasure or on a business trip. - Bus stop 58 in front of our door which goes in 5 minutes to la Gare Montparnasse, 10 minutes from Saint Germain des Pres, 20 minutes from the Louvres and Hotel de Ville even on sunday. - Subway station number 13, 5 minutes from my place and runs whole Paris from the north to the south. - Tram T3, 2 minutes from my place: you will enjoy this transportation and get to some very good places in Paris ( Chinatown, Parc des Expositions...) You will find all you need on my street: cafe shop, very good restaurants (jeroboam my fav), take away, groceries, wine bars... The area is very safe as there are some ho
24861	Our apartment is located in the 14th arrondissement just south of Montparnase. Our neighborhood is a typical Parisian neighborhood with it's own Wednesday and Sunday market (just up our street) and all the local conveniences you could want. We are located in between two metro stops, Plaisance and Alesia - the closest being Plaisance at less than 5 min walk from here.   Our cosy and charming apartment has two bedrooms, one w a delux queen bed/matress (less than one year old) and the second can be equipped for two children (crib and bed) or two adults (one queen size bed - your preference).  We are located on a quiet street on the 5th floor or a traditional Haussman building (with elevator). It gets plent of light, has a lovely long balcony (again, traditional wrought iron style) with comfortable outdoor seating where you can lounge, read books, drink a glass of wine...stare at the Parisian roof tops. One of the nice things about being on the fifth foor with east/west exposure is that in	Our apartment is located in the 14th arrondissement just south of Montparnase. Our neighborhood is a typical Parisian neighborhood with it's own Wednesday and Sunday market (just up our street) and all the local conveniences you could want. We are located in between two metro stops, Plaisance and Alesia - the closest being Plaisance at less than 5 min walk from here.   Our cosy and charming apartment has two bedrooms, one w a delux queen bed/matress (less than one year old) and the second can be equipped for two children (crib and bed) or two adults (one queen size bed - your preference).  We are located on a quiet street on the 5th floor or a traditional Haussman building (with elevator). It gets plent of light, has a lovely long balcony (again, traditional wrought iron style) with comfortable outdoor seating where you can lounge, read books, drink a glass of wine...stare at the Parisian roof tops. One of the nice things about being on the fifth foor with east/west exposure is that in
24862	"Real hidden house in Paris… 70m2 plus a 20m2 private backyard just for yourself! Composed of 2 main bedrooms (2 double beds - 1 is a loft bed, with TV), a bathroom with bathtub, a small fully equipped kitchen  (microwave, fridge, cooktop, Senseo coffee machine, toaster, washing machine), a large and cosy living room with a nice sofa convertible into a single spare bed, TV and a glass extension. Wifi access in the entire house and airplay system for music. Located in a quiet neighborhood, and especially cut off from noise, it’s a lovely house, slightly bohemian, decorated with some of the treasures we came across. Supermarket and bakery are few steps away ! Over the week-end you will enjoy the famous ""porte de Vanves' flea market"" which is 2 mn walk away. Halfway from ""Plaisance"" and ""Porte de Vanves"" subway & tramway stations in the 14e arrondissement (line 13 & T3a). Tramway is directly connected to RER B (a rapid transit line), which leads quickly to parisian airports (Charles De Gau"	"Real hidden house in Paris… 70m2 plus a 20m2 private backyard just for yourself! Composed of 2 main bedrooms (2 double beds - 1 is a loft bed, with TV), a bathroom with bathtub, a small fully equipped kitchen  (microwave, fridge, cooktop, Senseo coffee machine, toaster, washing machine), a large and cosy living room with a nice sofa convertible into a single spare bed, TV and a glass extension. Wifi access in the entire house and airplay system for music. Located in a quiet neighborhood, and especially cut off from noise, it’s a lovely house, slightly bohemian, decorated with some of the treasures we came across. Supermarket and bakery are few steps away ! Over the week-end you will enjoy the famous ""porte de Vanves' flea market"" which is 2 mn walk away. Halfway from ""Plaisance"" and ""Porte de Vanves"" subway & tramway stations in the 14e arrondissement (line 13 & T3a). Tramway is directly connected to RER B (a rapid transit line), which leads quickly to parisian airports (Charles De Gau"
24863	TYPICAL 1900 PARISIAN APARTMENT –Heart of Paris - Montparnasse-Daguerre area The apartment is in a 19th century walk up traditional Parisian building with parquet floors. Living room windows looking out on the street.  A large, very bright, living room with two marble fireplaces. You may even see the Eiffel Tower when opening the window! One bedroom with a small writing/work place facing the roofs of Paris. Small kitchen with standard equipment (electric stove, small fridge, washing machine and microwave oven). Bathroom with shower (separate toilets). The apartment is in the heart of Paris, an ideal position for tourism, shopping and going out. Metro stations, bus stations and trains to and from CDG Airport or Orly Airport at walking distance from apartment. Very convenient central place!  You will find everything you need around the corner, particularly in the famous “rue Daguerre”: bakeries and “patisseries”, butcher, fisher, cheese shop, groceries, coffee shops, supermarkets, jazz c	TYPICAL 1900 PARISIAN APARTMENT –Heart of Paris - Montparnasse-Daguerre area The apartment is in a 19th century walk up traditional Parisian building with parquet floors. Living room windows looking out on the street.  A large, very bright, living room with two marble fireplaces. You may even see the Eiffel Tower when opening the window! One bedroom with a small writing/work place facing the roofs of Paris. Small kitchen with standard equipment (electric stove, small fridge, washing machine and microwave oven). Bathroom with shower (separate toilets). The apartment is in the heart of Paris, an ideal position for tourism, shopping and going out. Metro stations, bus stations and trains to and from CDG Airport or Orly Airport at walking distance from apartment. Very convenient central place!  You will find everything you need around the corner, particularly in the famous “rue Daguerre”: bakeries and “patisseries”, butcher, fisher, cheese shop, groceries, coffee shops, supermarkets, jazz c
24864	very sunny living, bed coach in the living room, balcony.  A little room with a bath room with bath tube,  Toilet a ârt and little kitchen to cook well. very silent area, close to a nice park, with metro to go every where (ten minutes to go to Saint Germain). Shops and cinema closed. You will be like home, as it is my home when i am not in travel.	This 50 sq.m. furnished Paris Apartment located on rue Rémy Dumoncel, Paris 14th arrondissement - District Alesia - in a stately building with caretaker includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room, a separate kitchen, 1 bathroom, separated toilets. This Parisian apartment is on the 2nd floor with a lift available. Is equiped with Internet. This Parisian apartment is currently available, it can be rented out for: 1 to 2 months, 3 to 5 months periods. very sunny living, bed coach in the living room, balcony.  A little room with a bath room with bath tube,  Toilet a ârt and little kitchen to cook well. very silent area, close to a nice park, with metro to go every where (ten minutes to go to Saint Germain). Shops and cinema closed. You will be like home, as it is my home when i am not in travel. Prefer non smoking, if you are, will be nice to smoke in the balcony! If my guest need to know something, they can call me. I rent only for week or month, not for a night Charming borough of Paris. Quite, b
24865	Cet appartement rendra votre séjour inoubliable. Profitez de la ville, du 14ème et passez vos nuits au calme, près du plus beau parc de Paris. Savourez les soirées, même fraiches, à l'extérieur dans le petit jardin équipé d'un parasol chauffant. 	Magnifique appartement dans ruelle pavée historique, au calme absolu, à 2 pas du parc Montsouris! Petit jardin avec table et chaises, parasol chauffant! Accès Tram T3 à 2min, RER B à 5min, Métro L4 à 10min. Tout équipé, cuisine, four, frigo, ... Cet appartement rendra votre séjour inoubliable. Profitez de la ville, du 14ème et passez vos nuits au calme, près du plus beau parc de Paris. Savourez les soirées, même fraiches, à l'extérieur dans le petit jardin équipé d'un parasol chauffant. Le logement est composé d'une très très grande pièce à vivre (40m2 environ), avec chambre, salon et salle à manger. Il y a une autre pièce qui est une bureau, non accessible. Cuisine et salle de bains sont bien évidemment à votre disposition. Enorme bibliothèque à votre disposition. Pendant votre séjour, nous serons absent donc nous ne vous embêterons pas :) Pour la remise des clés le départ, selon le cas, ce sera nous ou quelqu'un de confiance. Quartier très calme et néanmoins très attrayant avec à pro
24866	It's a very Parisian-type apartment refurbished in March 2013, in the  heart of a green district, very popular with artists. It is an unusual  lay-out as it has three sides overlooking three different  atmospheres : a quiet street, an tree-lined avenue and a courtyard. You reach the apartment by crossing the paved courtyard full of  plants. Weather permitting, you can have coffee on the courtyard  tables below the apartment windows. The living room and open kitchen (14m2, single sofa-bed not suitable for long stays) overlook the   courtyard – inside, the atmosphere is immediately warm and cosy (parquet-flooring, carved wooden doors, new and efficient radiators in  each room). A corridor leads to the rest of the apartment. On the left, a bedroom (10m2, double-bed 120cm, wardrobe, desk) with a door to the courtyard. The high wooden window overlooks the trees on the avenue below. On this side you are on the 2nd floor and no buildings are directly opposite. The bedroom on the right of the 	A peace of countryside in this very Parisian apartment, with access to a flowery courtyard. Compact and functional, it is ideal for two couples or couple with children. Nevertheless, it is possible to stay at 5 but we must tighten!! It's a very Parisian-type apartment refurbished in March 2013, in the  heart of a green district, very popular with artists. It is an unusual  lay-out as it has three sides overlooking three different  atmospheres : a quiet street, an tree-lined avenue and a courtyard. You reach the apartment by crossing the paved courtyard full of  plants. Weather permitting, you can have coffee on the courtyard  tables below the apartment windows. The living room and open kitchen (14m2, single sofa-bed not suitable for long stays) overlook the   courtyard – inside, the atmosphere is immediately warm and cosy (parquet-flooring, carved wooden doors, new and efficient radiators in  each room). A corridor leads to the rest of the apartment. On the left, a bedroom (10m2, doubl
24867		Une chambre avec un grand lit et un salon salle à manger avec un très bon canapé BZ et sous le lit dans la chambre deux matelas de 90  pour dépanner .  le quartier est très calme mais en même temps très vivant  : beaucoup de commerces , de verdure etc.... metro : Pernety ligne 13 montparnasse ,mouton duvernet ,alésia bus: 58 (Bénard)         62 ( didot ou plantes) 2 téléviseurs  la Wifi deux lecteurs de dvd 
24868	The flat is in a quiet street. You cross an inner and nice courtyard. The flat is on 3rd and 4th floor, with a double exposure. It feels warm inside. On the 3rd floor there is a large living room, a kitchen/dining room, a little office, and WC. On the 4th floor there is the mezzanine with one bed, and the sleeping room with bathroom. 	"Cosy and quiet duplex 60 m2 (3rd and 4th floor) large living room, 1 room + 1 mezzanine, 3/4 persons, bright, all facilities, Paris 14e The flat is in a quiet street. You cross an inner and nice courtyard. The flat is on 3rd and 4th floor, with a double exposure. It feels warm inside. On the 3rd floor there is a large living room, a kitchen/dining room, a little office, and WC. On the 4th floor there is the mezzanine with one bed, and the sleeping room with bathroom.  Everything except the little office.  I will be there to welcome you and give the keys.  You are near Montparnasse, in the historical ""village Pernety"" : small streets, gardens, ""ateliers d'artistes"" (there are one sculptor and one musician in the 5 rue pernety - and you are near Giacometti's place), nice restaurants, terrasses with cafés, and the famous cinema ""L'entrepôt"". Nearby you have the pedestrian area of rue Daguerre, the Catacombes near Place Denfert Rochereau. In fact, the area is quiet and yet almost in the ce"
24869	Comfortable duplex, recently renovated, tastefully decorated. American kitchen overlooking the living room. 2 Bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms. Subway, bus and Velib station in front of the building. Very pleasant neighbourhood. Appartement confortable en duplex, rénové il y a peu de temps. Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le séjour. 2 chambres avec leurs salles de bain attenantes. Quartier agréable. Located on the seventh floor, the appartment is very sunny and nice to live in. It is handy with the american kitchen in the main room, and comfortable.  The two rooms are independant with their own bathrooms. The decoration is pretty and the flat is well-isolated. Situé au 7ème étage, l'appartement est très clair et agréable à vivre. Il est très pratique grâce à une cuisine ouverte sur la pièce principale.  Les deux chambres sont bien isolées et indépendantes. La décoration est agréable et l'appartement est bien isolé. Access granted to everything : kitchen equipment, TV, washing machine, li	Comfortable duplex apartment, recently renovated, tastefully decorated. American kitchen overlooking the living room. 2 Bedrooms with their ensuite bathrooms. Subway, bus and Velib station in front of the building. Very pleasant neighbourhood. Appartement duplex confortable, rénové récemment. Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le séjour. 2 chambres avec SdB attenantes. Quartier agréable. Comfortable duplex, recently renovated, tastefully decorated. American kitchen overlooking the living room. 2 Bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms. Subway, bus and Velib station in front of the building. Very pleasant neighbourhood. Appartement confortable en duplex, rénové il y a peu de temps. Cuisine américaine ouverte sur le séjour. 2 chambres avec leurs salles de bain attenantes. Quartier agréable. Located on the seventh floor, the appartment is very sunny and nice to live in. It is handy with the american kitchen in the main room, and comfortable.  The two rooms are independant with their own bathrooms. Th
24870	Venez poser vos valises à 2 ou 4 personnes dans ce superbe studio récemment refait à neuf par une décoratrice d'intérieur. Au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois de la rue Saint Jacques, séjournez au pied du jardin du Luxembourg au coeur du prestigieux quartier Latin dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris. D'une surface de 30 m2, le Saint Jacques s'ouvre sur une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine à l'américaine et table à manger confortable. L'espace nuit dispose d'un lit double et le canapé est convertible. Une belle salle de douche moderne complète ce bien de standing. 	Venez poser vos valises à 2 ou 4 personnes dans ce superbe studio récemment refait à neuf par une décoratrice d'intérieur rue Saint Jacques à deux pas de Port Royal, Paris 5ème. Venez poser vos valises à 2 ou 4 personnes dans ce superbe studio récemment refait à neuf par une décoratrice d'intérieur. Au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois de la rue Saint Jacques, séjournez au pied du jardin du Luxembourg au coeur du prestigieux quartier Latin dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris. D'une surface de 30 m2, le Saint Jacques s'ouvre sur une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine à l'américaine et table à manger confortable. L'espace nuit dispose d'un lit double et le canapé est convertible. Une belle salle de douche moderne complète ce bien de standing. Le quartier Latin est le plus vieux de Paris : il est bordé au nord par la Seine et le 4e arrondissement, à l'ouest par le 6e arrondissement, et au sud par les 14e et 13e arrondissements. Tout se fera à pied : Jardin des Plantes, Mus
24871	Appartement d'architecte type loft de 40m² avec 5m² de terrasse au 11è étage avec ascenseur dans le charmant quartier typiquement parisien de Plaisance. L'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Magnifique vue dégagé sur Paris dans un lieu très design. Les balades autour de la rue Thermophile sont à découvrir! Très bien desservi (à 10m du métro Plaisance ligne 13), ligne de bus au pied de l’immeuble. 5 minutes de la gare Montparnasse (3 stations en direct), 15mn des Champs Elysées (8 stations en direct) et 20 mn de la gare St Lazare (10 Stations direct). Commerces de proximité: centre commercial, beaucoup de restaurants dans la rue Raymond Loserand, boulangerie, caviste. Prestation haut de gamme et tout équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, frigo, four, micro-onde, internet, vaisselle). La Chambre est composée d'un lit double (1,4x2m) et d'un canapé lit (0,9x2,2m) dans séjour. J'ai une grande bibliothèque de livres d'art et de design que vous pouvez consulter sur place. Le quartier et l'	Appartement d'architecte type loft de 40m² avec 5m² de terrasse au 11è étage avec ascenseur dans le charmant quartier typiquement parisien de Plaisance. Très lumineux et calme. Magnifique vue dégagé sur Paris dans un lieu très design Appartement d'architecte type loft de 40m² avec 5m² de terrasse au 11è étage avec ascenseur dans le charmant quartier typiquement parisien de Plaisance. L'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Magnifique vue dégagé sur Paris dans un lieu très design. Les balades autour de la rue Thermophile sont à découvrir! Très bien desservi (à 10m du métro Plaisance ligne 13), ligne de bus au pied de l’immeuble. 5 minutes de la gare Montparnasse (3 stations en direct), 15mn des Champs Elysées (8 stations en direct) et 20 mn de la gare St Lazare (10 Stations direct). Commerces de proximité: centre commercial, beaucoup de restaurants dans la rue Raymond Loserand, boulangerie, caviste. Prestation haut de gamme et tout équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, frigo, four, micr
24872	"Charming 2 rooms near Montparnasse district - on a Courtyard, a typical parisian apartment.  Very calm this 45m2 flat is located in the south of Paris (14eme), close to the Catacombs, Tour Montparnasse and Parc Montsouris; 15mn from the center of the city (Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Quai Branly, Avenue des Champs-Elysées, Beaubourg/Centre Georges Pompidou......) - It's 5mn  from the subway station ""Mouton Duvernet"" (line 4) and ""Pernety"" (line 13) and buses 28, 38, 62 and 68, and 10min from RER B ""Denfert Rochereau"" (going to CDG Airport and Orly Airport) - Quiet street and the bedroom gives on the courtyard side - Bakeries, Grocery stores 50m from the appartment, lots of shops in the street - Safe neighbourhood The apartment is 45m² - 2nd floor (staircases) - 1 living room, - 1 bedroom with double bed, - a separate kitchen equiped with oven, hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster, iron, washing-machine (washer dryer) ... - 1 bathroom "	"Charming 2 rooms near Montparnasse district - on a Courtyard, a typical parisian apartment.  Very calm this 45m2 flat is located in the south of Paris (14eme), close to the Catacombs, Tour Montparnasse and Parc Montsouris; 15mn from the center of the city (Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Quai Branly, Avenue des Champs-Elysées, Beaubourg/Centre Georges Pompidou......) - It's 5mn  from the subway station ""Mouton Duvernet"" (line 4) and ""Pernety"" (line 13) and buses 28, 38, 62 and 68, and 10min from RER B ""Denfert Rochereau"" (going to CDG Airport and Orly Airport) - Quiet street and the bedroom gives on the courtyard side - Bakeries, Grocery stores 50m from the appartment, lots of shops in the street - Safe neighbourhood The apartment is 45m² - 2nd floor (staircases) - 1 living room, - 1 bedroom with double bed, - a separate kitchen equiped with oven, hot plates, fridge, freezer, toaster, iron, washing-machine (washer dryer) ... - 1 bathroom "
24873	Down a quiet lane in a quiet part of Paris, my house is a two-storey wonder - charming, quirky, homey. I'm known for being quite the host and still do have people over for Sunday dinner. (in summer, sometimes 100!)	Private bedroom in the half-basement of legendary host Jim Haynes. Shared bath on ground floor, free wifi, coffee or tea in the morning, and being a part of Parisian history in the 14th arrondissement.  Down a quiet lane in a quiet part of Paris, my house is a two-storey wonder - charming, quirky, homey. I'm known for being quite the host and still do have people over for Sunday dinner. (in summer, sometimes 100!) The kitchen. The salon.  I'm happy to orient you with directions if need be, have guidebooks and wifi.  Love the low-key atmosphere of my street which is convenient to little shops and not far away from bustling Alésia.  Bus #62 and metro Alésia (line 4).  Did I mention I'm a people person? Hope you are too.  While the basement suite is private, and away from the rest of the house, please be advised this is a VERY active, social ateliér – a Paris institution. Jim has been entertaining guests from all over the world for decades. The kitchen, living area, and bathrooms are shar
24874	In the 14th disctrict, where many painters and photographers live, nextby Montparnasse tower, 10min away from Saint Germain des près, Caroline is proposing an 53 squaremeters flat laid out like a loft . Well located in a small and quit road, first floor with elevator, in a 1950 century building, the flat has a side on a garden. It's offering a room with a double bed ( 160x200),one little bed for kid up to 5 ( an extra bed for another kid can be provided), a living room with an american kitchen, a bathroom with a bath and toilets separate.  The decoration is elequence sober and bright. We provide an wifi internet connection, TV, cofee & tea machine, washing machines, hair-drier, kitchen with all equipment( fridge, oven and stove).As we are living next door , we are at your disposal  to provide all you may need. The flat is a non smoking flat and pets are not allowed A digicode and a caretaker assure your security  The subway line 4 is next to the flat ( this line is the one of Saint ger	In the 14th disctrict, where many painters and photographers live, nextby Montparnasse tower, 10min away from Saint Germain des près, Caroline is proposing an 53 squaremeters flat laid out like a loft . Well located in a small and quit road, first floor with elevator, in a 1950 century building, the flat has a side on a garden. It's offering a room with a double bed ( 160x200),one little bed for kid up to 5 ( an extra bed for another kid can be provided), a living room with an american kitchen, a bathroom with a bath and toilets separate.  The decoration is elequence sober and bright. We provide an wifi internet connection, TV, cofee & tea machine, washing machines, hair-drier, kitchen with all equipment( fridge, oven and stove).As we are living next door , we are at your disposal  to provide all you may need. The flat is a non smoking flat and pets are not allowed A digicode and a caretaker assure your security  The subway line 4 is next to the flat ( this line is the one of Saint ger
24875	Very nice appartment with the charm of a carved stoned building (1850), large living room, 2 balconies, 2 bedrooms with their own bathroom (1 for parents, 1 for kids) for 4 persons. One inflatable luxury bed for 1 or 2 persons is also available. The aparment is unique because it is luminous and has a nice terrace. When it is sunny, it is nice to have meals outisde. 2nd floor with an elevator. Washing and dryer machine. A cat to feed. If needed, a cleaning women of confidence is available.	Very nice apartment with the charm of a carved stoned building (1850), large living room, 2 balconies, 2 bedrooms with their bathroom (1 for parents, 1 for kids) for 4 persons. 1 inflatable luxury bed for 1/2 people available. 2nd floor with elevator Very nice appartment with the charm of a carved stoned building (1850), large living room, 2 balconies, 2 bedrooms with their own bathroom (1 for parents, 1 for kids) for 4 persons. One inflatable luxury bed for 1 or 2 persons is also available. The aparment is unique because it is luminous and has a nice terrace. When it is sunny, it is nice to have meals outisde. 2nd floor with an elevator. Washing and dryer machine. A cat to feed. If needed, a cleaning women of confidence is available. complete access to the apartment we will discuss of all the necessary points by phone or email Nearest a very famous pedestrian area like a small village in paris - quartier DAGUERRE Métro direct to Saint Germain des Prés / Odéon / Champs Elysées / Eiffel
24876		ME CONTACTER AVANT TOUT - Appart' tranquille à 5min de la gare Montparnasse, avec balcon terrasse 3eme étage vue sur cour ensoleillée. Quartier  sympa, avec  théâtres et restaurants à proximité. Proche métro Pernety, station vélib, commerces, etc. En fonction de combien vous serez, de combien vous voulez, nous laisserons accès à toutes les parties, ou vous partagerez avec nous. Oui probablement Le nom de ce quartier avait été donné par les étudiants voisins qui venaient déclamer des vers sur la butte formée par des remblais au XVIIe siècle, en référence au mont Parnasse, résidence des Muses de la mythologie grecque. La colline fut rasée pour tracer le boulevard du Montparnasse au XVIIIe siècle, lieu de promenade de la ville. Dès la Révolution française, de nombreuses salles de danse et cabarets s'y installèrent, dont le célèbre bal Bullier. L’exposition universelle de 1889 et la vie artistique déjà si riche de Montmartre, attirent de nombreux artistes qui vont choisir ce quartier popul
24877	Appartement typiquement parisien spacieux (50m2), lumineux (5ème étage) au centre de Paris et à 20 minutes en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly, à deux pas de nombreux commerce et notamment d'une rue piétonne commerçante. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit double dans le salon). Idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis.	Situé à Montparnasse, quartier central et dynamique et très bien desservi (20 minutes des Champs Elysées, du Louvre ou de la Tour Eiffel) à l'angle d'une rue piétonne commerçante. Grand appartement très lumineux idéal pour 2 à 4 personnes. Appartement typiquement parisien spacieux (50m2), lumineux (5ème étage) au centre de Paris et à 20 minutes en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly, à deux pas de nombreux commerce et notamment d'une rue piétonne commerçante. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit double dans le salon). Idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis. - lave vaisselle - lave linge - wifi, TV - balcon Quartier convivial central et tres bien desservi (bus (phone number hidden)/ métro lignes 4,6,12,13/ RER B) avec un grand choix de commerces, restaurants et bars, une rue piétonne commerçante.  Relie très rapidement tous les quartiers touristiques Bus: 28, 58 (losserand-maine) 91 (Gare Montparnasse)  Metro: lignes 4,6,12 (Montpa
24878		Cette chambre dans une colocation situé dans le 14eme arrondissement sera votre pied à terre parfait à Paris.  Une vue sur cour qui permet de profiter du calme et de pouvoir dormir la fenêtre ouverte (l'été bien sur).  Les transports ne sont pas loin
24879	Enjoy your stay in Paris in a quiet appartement tha can receive max 4 persons, it has been recently renovated. Third floor with elevator.  The place is provided with : microwave, oven, iron, toaster, kettle, ipod post, wifi and ADSL. The bedroom is very quiet and a closet will be available to make yourself confortable.  In the bathroom, you can enjoy a real hot relaxing bath after a wild day of shopping and walking. There is also a washing machin in the bathroom that dries too with rapid washing program. So no need to go to the laundry!  The WC are separated from the bathroom.  You can watch a movie with a home cinema that is available in the living room. The white board unfolds when needed right at the limit between the kitchen and the living room. DVD s are available too. 	If you are looking for a calm, cosy and warm place in Paris yet at 5mn walk from the animation this is the righht place for you. Direct access to all the tourists and shopping areas with metro and bus lines. Very practical to get here from airport! Enjoy your stay in Paris in a quiet appartement tha can receive max 4 persons, it has been recently renovated. Third floor with elevator.  The place is provided with : microwave, oven, iron, toaster, kettle, ipod post, wifi and ADSL. The bedroom is very quiet and a closet will be available to make yourself confortable.  In the bathroom, you can enjoy a real hot relaxing bath after a wild day of shopping and walking. There is also a washing machin in the bathroom that dries too with rapid washing program. So no need to go to the laundry!  The WC are separated from the bathroom.  You can watch a movie with a home cinema that is available in the living room. The white board unfolds when needed right at the limit between the kitchen and the livi
24880		Petite rue calme dans un quartier animé proposant commerces en tout genre! Près des métros Raspail et Vavin, à 5 minutes de Denfert-Rochereau, de Montparnasse et de Saint-Germain-des-Près. Une des deux chambres est occupée par une parisienne confirmée ! Cuisine équipée, salle de bain et WC séparés. Fondation Cartier Jardin du Luxembourg Rue de Rennes Les catacombes Divers Restaurants 7 cinémas Théâtres Rooftop tour Montparnasse Oui À 2 minutes: bus (phone number hidden) + Noctilien N01 et N02 À 3 minutes: lignes 4, 6 et 12 À 5 minutes: Gare Montparnasse, RER B, station Orlybus
24881	The flat has a large and lighty living room with three bedrooms. One of these bedrooms is also available for renting. It has two single beds.	My flat is large and sunny lighted in a nice shopping area. You'll be at 15mn from cathedral Notre-Dame, 20mn from any railway station and 30mn from Orly's airport. Come up and have pleasure being at home in Paris ! The flat has a large and lighty living room with three bedrooms. One of these bedrooms is also available for renting. It has two single beds. free Wi-fi We share the bathroom, sanitaries, kitchen and living-room - and the cleaning…. Very nice and convenient area with a lot of shops. You'll find everything for all the prices. You'v got buses, metros, RER and the Montparnasse railway SNCF station Métro ligne 4 Mouton Duvernet Metro ligne 6 et RER B station Denfert-rochereau
24882		Chambre pour 2 personnes dans appartement de 75 m2. Appartement à Denfert Rochereau, proche du quartier Daguerre, vivant et parisien, direct depuis l'aéroport. Nice room for two! Direct from the airport, in typical and charming parisian place!
24883		Appart de 42m2 dans le 14e arr, Métro Alésia/Porte d'Orléans. Plein sud donc ensoleillé. Très calme. Tout équipé (lave linge, Nespresso, fibre optique). Douche à l'italienne et frigo seventies. Parking au sous-sol (5€/j).Voisins discret mais cools!
24884		Entre Pernety et Alésia  appartement parisien de 68m2 très agréable , charme et terrasse  fleurie de 20m2 , 2 chambres dont une donnant sur la terrasse  au calme , grande salle de bain, cuisine équipée, proche de tout commerce, tout le confort vélos
24885	A separate children's bedroom and a (new) double sofa bed in the living room. Bathroom, toilet and kitchenette. Close to the metro Pernety (line 13) Area lively and away from the crowd, well hidden behind Montparnasse station. All shops including a supermarket across. Cafes and many good quality restaurants. Provincial life in Paris ...	Ground floor (32m2) of a small town house at the bottom of a courtyard and flowered in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. Metro Pernety. A separate children's bedroom and a (new) double sofa bed in the living room. Bathroom, toilet and kitchenette. Close to the metro Pernety (line 13) Area lively and away from the crowd, well hidden behind Montparnasse station. All shops including a supermarket across. Cafes and many good quality restaurants. Provincial life in Paris ... cafés et restaurants, stroll in le quartier du château ouvrier and the rue des Thermopyles. More details on the guide. Metro ligne 13, bus 58, 91, 28 PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS AND CODE BEFORE ARRIVAL - Cleaning including linen and towels
24886		Typiquement parisien avec ses moulures, parquets et cheminées. Au pied de la petite ceinture, à 10min à pieds de la rue Daguerre et son marché et de l'entrée des catacombes, et à 15min de Montparnasse. De 1 à 6 personnes confortablement installées.
24887	A 10 min du centre historique de Paris, sur les lignes directes pour les aéroports de Paris (ORY /CDG). Un appartement avec chambre dans laquelle se trouve un lit double, salon avec canapé convertible (1 adulte ou 2 enfants), toilettes, salle de bain avec machine à laver et cuisine équipée. 10 min vom historischen Stadtzentrum Paris entfernt; an der direkten Linie zum Flughafen (ORY/CDG).Ein Wohnzimmer mit Klappsofa (als Schlafplatz geeignet für einen Erwachsenen oder zwei Kinder) Schlafzimmer mit Doppelbett. Toilette und Bad mit Waschmaschine, offene Küche komplett ausgestattet. A 10 minutos del centro historico de Paris, sobre las lineas directas par los aeropuertos de Paris (ORY / CDG). Un departamento con cama doble e el cuarto, un salon con sofacama (1 adulto o 2 niños), servicios, un cuarto de baño con lavadora y cocina equipada.	10 min from the historical city center of Paris, on the direct line for Paris airports (ORY / CDG). A flat with double bed in the bedroom, livingroom with sofabed (1 person or 2 children), WC, bathroom with washing machine and furnitured kitchen A 10 min du centre historique de Paris, sur les lignes directes pour les aéroports de Paris (ORY /CDG). Un appartement avec chambre dans laquelle se trouve un lit double, salon avec canapé convertible (1 adulte ou 2 enfants), toilettes, salle de bain avec machine à laver et cuisine équipée. 10 min vom historischen Stadtzentrum Paris entfernt; an der direkten Linie zum Flughafen (ORY/CDG).Ein Wohnzimmer mit Klappsofa (als Schlafplatz geeignet für einen Erwachsenen oder zwei Kinder) Schlafzimmer mit Doppelbett. Toilette und Bad mit Waschmaschine, offene Küche komplett ausgestattet. A 10 minutos del centro historico de Paris, sobre las lineas directas par los aeropuertos de Paris (ORY / CDG). Un departamento con cama doble e el cuarto, un salon co
24888		Elegant appartment (49m²) with 1 living-room, 1 bedroom, fully-equiped kitchen, bathroom with bath/shower and a nice terrace with an incredible view on the Eiffel Tower and the Sacré-Coeur.many shops for supplies are just around.you can find everything Ten minutes walk from RER B arrival from Charles De Gaule & Orly Bus arrival from Orly.  Alesia line 4 metro station 10 metres from the building and bus lines 28/38/68 wich takes you all over Paris. The buses are just across the street.  The surroundings are very parcticle with all sorts of shops for food  backeries,fishery,meatery,fresh vegetables and fruits, movies,and restaurants ,brasseries very lively district Metro station Alesia line 4 ;10 meters from building buses just 2 mn away 28 to montparnasse ,Champs Elyseesetc 68 to sevres babylone with lots of beatiful shop ,Opera etc 38 to Quartier Latin etc
24889	Appartement de 43 m² bien ensoleillé, bien aménagé et agréable à vivre.  Apartment of 43 m² sunny, well laid out and pleasant. There's a big park 10mins on the metro.	Appartement de 43 m² bien ensoleillé, bien aménagé et agréable à vivre.  Apartment of 43 m² sunny, well laid out and pleasant. There's a big park 10mins on the metro. Location d'une des deux chambres avec lit double et Canapé convertible confortables. Il s'agit du salon, qui a été transformé en chambre traversante. Accès à la Cuisine qui est entièrement équipée, à la salle de bain et aux toilettes qui sont séparés.  I'm renting a pretty bedroom with comfortable bed and a convertible sofa. Access to the kitchen which is fully equipped, and to the bathroom and the toilet which are separated. Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et répondre à vos questions sur l'appartement et les bons plans sur Paris ! We would be happy to show you what you can visit around in the quartier 14e arrondissement de Paris, quartier agréable et paisible avec tous les commerces nécessaires à proximité. Parcs et verdure à proximité pour faire du sport ou bronzer : Parc Montsouris et Cité Universitaire. Bakeries, 
24890	Il est entièrement équipé, les meubles sont conçus sur-mesures afin de favoriser un gain de place optimal.  Proche de transports et de commerces.  Très lumineux et dépaysant grâce à sa vue sur une voie désaffectée et sa végétation.	Beau studio, entièrement équipé, très lumineux grâce à sa grande baie vitrée et vue sur la petite ceinture donc verdure et calme y sont de rigueur.   À 3 min du métro Porte d'Orleans, 5 min du tramway T3, se trouve aussi tout proche de beaucoup de station de bus. Il est entièrement équipé, les meubles sont conçus sur-mesures afin de favoriser un gain de place optimal.  Proche de transports et de commerces.  Très lumineux et dépaysant grâce à sa vue sur une voie désaffectée et sa végétation. - Tv / Box - Frigidaire / Congélateur  - Plaques vitrocéramiques - Four - Micro-onde - Lave-vaisselle  - Machine à laver - Douche à l'Italienne - Armoire-Lit (canapé intégré) Je ne serai pas présente durant le séjour de mes hôtes mais je les accueillerai, leur montrerai le fonctionnement des appareils et leur conseillerai sur les visites à faire dans Paris.  Je serai joignable et pourrai me déplacer en cas de besoin. Le 14 est un quartier calme, on y aime ses nombreux parcs et la possibilité d'aller
24891	Welcome to our home - a contemporary, airy family house in the centre of Paris with a big garden for you to enjoy. We have up to 3 bedrooms available for AirBnB guests to use - separately or together, so if you only need one room, there might be other AirBnB guests staying at the same time as you. Located 5 minute walk from metro, markets, shops and walking distance to main Paris attractions. Line 6 takes you straight to the Eiffel tower, and the RER B to the bohemian latin district, Notre Dame de Paris cathedral and the left bank of the river.  Any questions? Just ask!	Modern, airy and spacious family home in centre of Paris with a big garden for guests to enjoy.  Up to 3 double bedrooms available for AirBnB guests to use. 5 minute walk from metro, markets, shops and walking distance to main Paris attractions. Welcome to our home - a contemporary, airy family house in the centre of Paris with a big garden for you to enjoy. We have up to 3 bedrooms available for AirBnB guests to use - separately or together, so if you only need one room, there might be other AirBnB guests staying at the same time as you. Located 5 minute walk from metro, markets, shops and walking distance to main Paris attractions. Line 6 takes you straight to the Eiffel tower, and the RER B to the bohemian latin district, Notre Dame de Paris cathedral and the left bank of the river.  Any questions? Just ask! You will get a set of keys, and are free to come in and out of the house at any time and to use the living room, garden and kitchen. We just ask you to be respectful and discree
24892		Beautiful apartment of 70m2 , very bright and very comfortable , first floor . Presence of a crib. Many extra mattresses . Ideal for family .
24893	Très bien situé, bus, métro, tram à 2 mn. Supermarchés ouverts jusqu'à 22h etc... Quartier  très vivant , mais rue calme ! Appartement ensoleillé. 5e étage avec ascenseur.	 2 pièces situé Porte d'Orléans dans le sud du 14è arrondissement, parfait de1 à 4 personnes.En étage élevé, lumineux et calme.  Métro ligne 4 et tram, lignes de bus 28, 38 et 68 vous mèneront très rapidement dans tout Paris.Supermarchés etc. Très bien situé, bus, métro, tram à 2 mn. Supermarchés ouverts jusqu'à 22h etc... Quartier  très vivant , mais rue calme ! Appartement ensoleillé. 5e étage avec ascenseur. Tout l'appartement Je ne serai pas à Paris durant votre séjour. Je vous mettrai en contact dès votre réservation avec la personne qui vous accueillera et vous installera. C'est avec elle que vous conviendrez de l'heure du rendez-vous . Cinéma 10 mn à pied, artère shopping jusqu'à Denfert Rochereau .  En été, visite des catacombes à Denfert Rochereau . Parc Montsouris, Cité Internationale Universitaire . Gare/ Quartier Montparnasse à 6 stations de métro,  Orlybus à Denfert Rochereau.  Station de Métro Porte d'Orléans 3mn à pied( Montparnasse, St germain des prés, St Michel, Châte
24894		Very nice  apartment with 1 bedroom, 1 living-ro in the heart of Paris (14th) . Near from tow subway stations: Alésia (line 4) and Plaisance (line 13), and a tram station: Rue Didot (line 3). A lot of shops and restaurants rue Didot and rue Raymond L
24895	Atypical artist studio of 40m2 with a furnished private courtyard . On the ground floor you will find: - A large living room decorated with care and with two sofas (the colored one can be used as a single bed. The other one too but it is less comfortable since it is made of a small mattress installed on pallets ) , large TV flat screen, a table for 6 people - An open FULLY equipped kitchen ( convection oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine nespresso , juicer , quality cookware , robot, washing machine and dryer etc ... ) Upstairs is a bedroom with a comfortable double bed and a tiled bathroom with bathtub and toilet. The room overlooks the living room thanks to the 4.5m ceiling height ! It is closed by means of a highly insulating curtain of light. Plenty of storage space will be available for your belongings (shelves, hanging rail ... ) . When time permits you can also dine outside in the courtyard which is equipped with two tables and chairs. The house is equipped with a wirele	Beautiful former artist loft in duplex near Montparnasse. Very clear, very calm with a furnished yard. The place is spacious and has been decorated with care. Professional pictures to come (current picutres have been taken with a smartphone). Atypical artist studio of 40m2 with a furnished private courtyard . On the ground floor you will find: - A large living room decorated with care and with two sofas (the colored one can be used as a single bed. The other one too but it is less comfortable since it is made of a small mattress installed on pallets ) , large TV flat screen, a table for 6 people - An open FULLY equipped kitchen ( convection oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine nespresso , juicer , quality cookware , robot, washing machine and dryer etc ... ) Upstairs is a bedroom with a comfortable double bed and a tiled bathroom with bathtub and toilet. The room overlooks the living room thanks to the 4.5m ceiling height ! It is closed by means of a highly insulating curtain of
24896	Appartement  2 pièces calme et agréable doté d'une grande baie vitrée dans le salon assurant luminosité et soleil. La déco est soignée et moderne et l'appartement totalement fonctionnel (Wifi, TV) dispose d'une cuisine toute équipée. 	Located in the Montparnasse district (14th), this cosy modern 2 rooms flat owns has a large bay window providing sun and a nice view.  Fully equipped i.e. kitchen, TV, internet and HIFI.  The related parking can be rent on option I am available on AirBnB mailbox or on my mobile. Located in the heart of Montparnasse neighborhood, you may enjoy the bars, restaurants and theaters of rue de la Gaieté, chill out at the Edgar Quinet place terraces, go to the typical open air food market of rue Daguerre, go shopping rue de Rennes, wander in the lovely Jardin du Luxembourg, or even visit the famous Cemetery of Montparnasse and enjoy the panoramic view of Paris from the top of the Montparnasse tower! Located at 5 minutes walk from Montparnasse railway and underground stations (lines 4, 6,12,13).  You can also reach easily the Paris airports from Denfert Rochereau place (10 minutes walk) : RER B to get to Roissy CDG Airport, and Orlybus stop to get to Orly Airport.
24897	The bedroom has a double bed, cosy and well equiped, and the living room has a sofa bed. There is a garden in front of the building. So it is very calm.	32 m2 apartment for two or four guests, it is centrally located on a quiet street in a great area of Paris. Gaite(M13) and Denfert Rochereau(RER B, M6 and M4) are the closest metro and train stations. Many restaurants and charming typical stores arou The bedroom has a double bed, cosy and well equiped, and the living room has a sofa bed. There is a garden in front of the building. So it is very calm. We can communicate either in English, French or Spanish.  I won't be there during your stay Lively  and beautiful neighborhood, very safe and typical of Paris. Very close to Rue Daguerre, well-known for its many shops (supermarkets, wineries, fromageries ...) during the day, and at night for its cafes and restaurants.  Great location, It is situated between Denfert Rochereau M6 and Gaité M13 metro stations. Either Charlles de Gaule or Orly airport are accesible from Denfer Rochereu RER B. And it is 5 minutes to Monparnasse train station.
24898	Très beau studio  1 à 3 personnes , entièrement refait, très lumineux dans copropriété calme, bien équipé. Situé idéalement dans un quartier typiquement parisien. Quartier très commerçant et animé. 2 minutes à pieds  station du Métro Plaisance sur la ligne 13 , directe Champs Elysée 12 minutes.. Double vitrage. Wifi inclus. Proche cinémas, restaurants, théâtres, en plein coeur de la vie parisienne.   Une pièce principale avec cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée. Un salle de bain avec douche + lavabo et WC. Canapé convertible pour 2 personnes + un matelas d'appoint.  Very nice studio 1-3 people, fully renovated, very bright condo in quiet, well equipped. Ideally located in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Shopping district and lively. 2 minute walk to the metro station Plaisance on line 13 direct Champs Elysees 12 minutes .. Double glazing. Wifi included. Near cinemas, restaurants, theaters, in the heart of Parisian life. A main room with fully equipped kitchen. A bathroom with shower 	Très beau studio  1 à 3 personnes , entièrement refait, très lumineux dans copropriété calme, bien équipé. Situé idéalement dans un quartier typiquement parisien. Quartier très commerçant et animé. 2 minutes à pieds  station du Métro Plaisance sur la ligne 13 , directe Champs Elysée 12 minutes.. Double vitrage. Wifi inclus. Proche cinémas, restaurants, théâtres, en plein coeur de la vie parisienne.   Une pièce principale avec cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée. Un salle de bain avec douche + lavabo et WC. Canapé convertible pour 2 personnes + un matelas d'appoint.  Very nice studio 1-3 people, fully renovated, very bright condo in quiet, well equipped. Ideally located in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Shopping district and lively. 2 minute walk to the metro station Plaisance on line 13 direct Champs Elysees 12 minutes .. Double glazing. Wifi included. Near cinemas, restaurants, theaters, in the heart of Parisian life. A main room with fully equipped kitchen. A bathroom with shower 
24899		Dans le sud de Paris, à 5 minutes du métro Alésia, dans un immeuble Haussmannien, cette chambre est calme et lumineuse. Elle est au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Facilement accessible avec la ligne 4 du métro. Station Alésia. (5 minutes à pieds)
