600	A beautiful and classic French flat on a quiet street between l'Arc de Triomphe and Porte Maillot, 10 mins walking distance to Avenue Champs-Elysées. Well equipped and decorated, the place has one double bed and one sofa which is convertible to a large single bed. Ideal stay for couples and friends.	Charming and cozy flat on an absolutely street between l'Arc de Triomphe (10mins walk) and Porte Maillot (5mins walk). Nicely decorated with antique furnitures, the flat is equipped with one double bed, one sofa convertible to a large single bed. Bathtub, kitchen, wifi, cleaning bedsheets are available for your stay. French bakeries, cafés, cute shops, pharmacies are just around the corner. The flat is within walking distance to several famous sites like l'arc de triomphe and marché de Ternes. A beautiful and classic French flat on a quiet street between l'Arc de Triomphe and Porte Maillot, 10 mins walking distance to Avenue Champs-Elysées. Well equipped and decorated, the place has one double bed and one sofa which is convertible to a large single bed. Ideal stay for couples and friends. Situated on rue Saint-Ferdinand, the place is easily accessible by public transportation: -metro line 1: station Argentine (2 mins walking to the flat) -metro line 1,2,6 & RER A: station Charles de Ga
601		Un 2-pièces très calme et lumineux au coeur des Batignolles dans le 17e. Il est composé d'une chambre, cuisine, salle de bain, un séjour et salle à manger. Il n'y a aucun vis-à-vis dans tout l'appartement. 
602	Joli Studio chaleureux et douillet. Idéal pour 2 personnes mais peut loger 3 personnes si besoin (futon convertible 2places +lit en hauteur 1 place).  Très bien situé, 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien dans le quartier des Batignolles (métro Villiers). Cuisine équipée, TV et Wifi. Proche Saint Lazard Très chaleureux, idéal pour coucouner. Cuisine toute équipée avec Frigo, micro onde, four (qui fait grille pain :) ) et mixer pour faire des smothies ! Accès à tout l'appartement Métro Villiers ligne 2 et 3	This is a small but very charming and cosy apartment with lots of pillow and smooth conforter, ideal for a couple. The area is quiet but full of nice restaurants, garden and grocery stores. 2 minutes walk from Villiers subway station. Subway station at 2 minutes walk: Villiers with line 3 and 2 You can use the app RATP to help you find your way in parisian subway
603		Excellente adresse + Entièrement rénové + Bien équipé! A 1 minute à pied du métro Charles de Gaulle-Étoile et des Champs-Elysées, magnifique studio meublé et refait à neuf situé rue Troyon (salle de bains avec douche & WC).
604		Très bel appartement haussmanien près des Champs Elysées150 m2, trois belles chambres, 1sdb et 1sde, très belle entrée cuisine toute équipée avec tout électroménager 5ème étage trés ensoleillé expo est sud et ouest
605	Simple, agréable et très confortable, mon studio vous permettra de vous sentir chez vous. Parfait pour un couple.	Studio très agréable et confortable, à 2 pas de la belle avenue des Champs-Elysées (situé entre l'arc de triomphe et le palais des congrès), métro Porte Maillot, cuisine séparée, grande salle de bain. Parfait pour passer un très bon séjour à Paris. Simple, agréable et très confortable, mon studio vous permettra de vous sentir chez vous. Parfait pour un couple. Tout ce qui se trouvera dans le studio sera mis à votre disposition. Je serai à votre écoute tout au long de votre séjour, dans la mesure du possible. A 5min à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe et de l'avenue des Champs-Elysées, la porte de l'immeuble est collée à un magasin Carrefour ouvert tous les jours jusqu'à 22h. La gare Porte Maillot se trouve aussi à 5min à pieds. Stations Argentine ou Porte Maillot. Ligne de métro 1 (jaune) qui traverse tout Paris en diagonale, du nord-ouest (La Défense) au sud-est. Beaucoup de bus passent aussi par le quartier. Station de taxis au bout de la rue.
606		Studio avec terrasse, calme.3pièces.une cuisine tout équipée,une salle de bain et salon/chambre.métro Wagram ou Perreire.A 20 min à pied de l'arc de Triomphe.Quartier fort sympathique à ceux qui veulent passer un séjour calmement dans la capitale...
607	Au 1er étage d'une petite copropriété de 5 étages, un joli appartement de 35 m² contemporain et fonctionnel, avec grande baie vitrée donnant sur une loggia fleurie de 3 m². Tout équipé. Au calme dans une rue tranquille du quartier Epinettes-Batignolles (square à 30 mètres, grand parc Martin Luther-King à 200 mètres, piscine à 20 mètres). Composé d'une chambre avec un lit double (les draps sont fournis durant votre séjour), d'un salon avec un grand canapé convertible (draps fournis, matelas Bultex 16 cm pour couchage quotidien), d'une télé avec câble et d'une connexion Internet Wifi en fibre optique. Cuisine équipée avec plaques à induction, four, Nespresso, micro-ondes, grille-pain. Salle de bain avec fenêtre et VMC : grande douche, lavabo, WC, machine à laver, ballon d'eau chaude 100 litres (les serviettes et produits d'accueil sont fournis).  Commerces à proximité : plusieurs supermarchés, le marché des Batignolles à 5 minutes à pieds et nombreux restaurants (japonais, français, indi	Beau 2-pièces contemporain, 4 couchages : 1 chambre + 1 canapé convertible (matelas Bultex 16 cm) dans le salon. Cuisine équipée : four, micro-ondes, Nespresso ; salle d'eau grande douche, machine à laver ; TV, Wifi, ascenseur. Calme, quartier sympa. Au 1er étage d'une petite copropriété de 5 étages, un joli appartement de 35 m² contemporain et fonctionnel, avec grande baie vitrée donnant sur une loggia fleurie de 3 m². Tout équipé. Au calme dans une rue tranquille du quartier Epinettes-Batignolles (square à 30 mètres, grand parc Martin Luther-King à 200 mètres, piscine à 20 mètres). Composé d'une chambre avec un lit double (les draps sont fournis durant votre séjour), d'un salon avec un grand canapé convertible (draps fournis, matelas Bultex 16 cm pour couchage quotidien), d'une télé avec câble et d'une connexion Internet Wifi en fibre optique. Cuisine équipée avec plaques à induction, four, Nespresso, micro-ondes, grille-pain. Salle de bain avec fenêtre et VMC : grande douche, lavabo
608	"Charming duplex located in the Batignolles, just 40 meters from the metro and 15 minutes walk from Montmartre. Duplex, located on the 2nd and last floor of a building overlooking the courtyard, remade in a loft / studio very cozy, quiet and pleasant, glass workshop, gray floor, furniture and industrial design. Close to shops and facilities and the picturesque district of Batignolles. The apartment comprises on the ground floor: - An open living area with fully equipped kitchen (Large Fridge / Freezer, Oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, kettle ...) - A comfortable lounge with sofa bed for one person, TV, home cinema, WIFI. - A bathroom with bathtub Upper floor: -A mezzanine / office under a skylight -Two separate bedrooms, each with a true double The situation of the apartment can easily visit Paris with the metro (four stations ""Champs-Élysées""), or even by foot (15 minutes from Montmartre and Parc Monceau). Brochant metro (50 meters) is on line 13: direct access to Invalides, Cha"	Appartement cosy, refait à neuf par Marie, jeune architecte, dans le superbe quartier des Batignolles Proche tous commerces, Métro Brochant à 50m Nouvelle cuisine toute équipée (Lave-vaisselle…). À 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre / Pigalle ! ENJOY! Charming duplex located in the Batignolles, just 40 meters from the metro and 15 minutes walk from Montmartre. Duplex, located on the 2nd and last floor of a building overlooking the courtyard, remade in a loft / studio very cozy, quiet and pleasant, glass workshop, gray floor, furniture and industrial design. Close to shops and facilities and the picturesque district of Batignolles. The apartment comprises on the ground floor: - An open living area with fully equipped kitchen (Large Fridge / Freezer, Oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, kettle ...) - A comfortable lounge with sofa bed for one person, TV, home cinema, WIFI. - A bathroom with bathtub Upper floor: -A mezzanine / office under a skylight -Two separate bedrooms, each with a tr
609	This very beautiful haven of peace in Ternes area Paris 17, is located besides Champs-Elysées, Parc Monceau, Wagram and Porte Maillot. On the second floor with elevator, this trendy 65m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and modernity. On the second floor of a nice building with elevator, you enter to the hall open on the double and charming living-room and dining room.  Very comfortable and welcoming decoration and space, interesting clearance with two high windows, fire place (but unfortunately since 1st of january 2015 it's forbidden to make fire in buildings :( Big table with elegant and design benches for breakfasts, diner, have a drink at 6. There are two small balconies for smokers. There is another sofa to relax, read, have a wine glass.. and a bigger sofa can also be turned into a bed to accommodate four people sleeping. Perfect for single person, couples and families.  I have mostly two customers base : families and professionals (close to La Défense, Champs-Elysées	Beautiful haven of peace in Ternes, is located in the 17th district of Paris. On the second floor with elevator, this trendy 70m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and modernity! Top decoration, really bright space. Accommodation for 4 pp This very beautiful haven of peace in Ternes area Paris 17, is located besides Champs-Elysées, Parc Monceau, Wagram and Porte Maillot. On the second floor with elevator, this trendy 65m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and modernity. On the second floor of a nice building with elevator, you enter to the hall open on the double and charming living-room and dining room.  Very comfortable and welcoming decoration and space, interesting clearance with two high windows, fire place (but unfortunately since 1st of january 2015 it's forbidden to make fire in buildings :( Big table with elegant and design benches for breakfasts, diner, have a drink at 6. There are two small balconies for smokers. There is another sofa to relax, read, have
610	Appartement typique Paris, parquet, moulure... Idéalement situé proche de tous commerces et moyens de transport (Métro, Bus et Taxi).	4 pièces de 120 m2 idéalement situé Porte de Champerret dans une rue calme proche de toutes commodités et du métro (Ligne 3). Très clair avec un très grand espace de vie, une grande chambre de 20m2 : lit 180X200 et une  de 17m2 avec 2 lits de 90X200. Appartement typique Paris, parquet, moulure... Idéalement situé proche de tous commerces et moyens de transport (Métro, Bus et Taxi). Très bon restaurants aux alentours : La Recoleta viandes Argentines, Le Fame de Lupo Italien, Dessirier Poissions et Fruits de Mer... Métro Porte de Champerret (Ligne 3)
611	Bonjour! This is a nice studio apartment, located in one of the most elegant and quiet Parisian districts! The studio is on the 3rd floor of a modern building, with a lift and a video intercom.  You will have the apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The studio itself is fully furnished with a comfortable bed, a shower, bathroom, electrical plates, an oven, a fridge, Internet wifi free access, a flat screen… Please note that check in-time is from 2pm, and check out is by 11am. The studio is located in the heart of the 17th arrondissement. Chic Paris outside your door. Museums, high end shopping, gourmet restaurants and french brasseries. It is a short 5 minutes walk from “Arc de triomphe”, ”les Champs-Elysées” and then, only 15 minutes Walk to “la Tour Eiffel”. 2 Metro stations are 5 minutes on feet: line 2 and line 3. Any bus, metro or RER is reachable from this spot. Some examples of places you can reach in less than 20 mn: the Louvre, Montmartre, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse …	Bonjour! This is a nice studio apartment, located in one of the most elegant and safe Parisian districts! The studio is in a modern building with a lift and a video intercom.  You will have the apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. Bonjour! This is a nice studio apartment, located in one of the most elegant and quiet Parisian districts! The studio is on the 3rd floor of a modern building, with a lift and a video intercom.  You will have the apartment to yourselves, this is not a share. The studio itself is fully furnished with a comfortable bed, a shower, bathroom, electrical plates, an oven, a fridge, Internet wifi free access, a flat screen… Please note that check in-time is from 2pm, and check out is by 11am. The studio is located in the heart of the 17th arrondissement. Chic Paris outside your door. Museums, high end shopping, gourmet restaurants and french brasseries. It is a short 5 minutes walk from “Arc de triomphe”, ”les Champs-Elysées” and then, only 15 minutes Walk t
612	Apartment is located on top of a quiet & clean building with beautiful view on west paris. (incl.  lift) Large sunny balcony with new sunset every day :)	"Top floor, 50 sqm 2 rooms in the famous and center Porte Maillot area : restaurants, shops, 10 mn walking to Champs Ellysées, 5 mn to Boulogne wood. metro L1 + 3, RER beautiful view on ""la Défense"", veranda and balcony. Apartment is located on top of a quiet & clean building with beautiful view on west paris. (incl.  lift) Large sunny balcony with new sunset every day :) Real life flat, voyagers have access to the entire space and domestic equipments (washing machine, big plasma TV + DVD, wireless Wi-Fi, music), fully equipped kitchen (fridge, deep freezer, dish washer, caffe, micro-wave owen, etc... Me and the House Keeper of the building are at full disposal for any question. House keeper is in charge for entry & check out, and cleaning (once a week in long term stay) House keeper is also available for any question regarding apartment & neighborhood. easy access with metro line 1 & 3. RER C & A  taxi station point 2 mn Air France Bus from both airports : Roissy Charles de Gaulle (5 m"
613	"An appartment in ""les Batignoles"" Paris 17éme  3rd floor 2 bedrooms I live with my sister and we travel a lot, the appartement is quite like our personalities and is full of stuff we brought from different countries  I work in fashion, and my sister works in communication, we have a second place in the suburbs so the appartement can be fully available for 3 or 4 people The appartement is 5km away from ""jardin des tuileries"" 2km away from gare saint lazare and opéra quite close to the movies, restaurants, bars , ""boulangerie"" and small coffee shops in front of the building there is a small park for those who like to jog  there is a subway station and 3 bus stations 3min away from the appartment "	"An appartment in ""les Batignoles"" Paris 17éme  3rd floor 2 bedrooms I live with my sister and we travel a lot, the appartement is quite like our personalities and is full of stuff we brought from different countries  I work in fashion, and my sister works in communication, we have a second place in the suburbs so the appartement can be fully available for 3 or 4 people The appartement is 5km away from ""jardin des tuileries"" 2km away from gare saint lazare and opéra quite close to the movies, restaurants, bars , ""boulangerie"" and small coffee shops in front of the building there is a small park for those who like to jog  there is a subway station and 3 bus stations 3min away from the appartment "
614		Appartement deux pièces accueillant, douillet et style contemporain. Peut loger deux personnes. Très central, à deux pas de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Profitez de sa cuisine et de sa proximité au métro (ligne 1 Charles de Gaulle étoile  et ligne 2 ternes) Accès par le métro  et RER :  Ligne 1 - arrêt Charles de Gaulle étoile, sortie avenue de Wagram (nº4et5)  Ligne 2 - arrêt ternes  RER A - arrêt Charles de Gaulle étoile Minimum un semaine pour la location
615	The flat is unpretentious but welcoming as it will make you feel at home. It's bright, and lines up a bathroom, a kitchen, a living room and two bedrooms at its both ends.	3-room flat with 2 bedrooms, a living room with a sofa bed and a fully equipped kitchen. It overlooks a courtyard, and includes a washing machine. Bed and bath linen are provided, and we handle the washing and cleaning. The flat is unpretentious but welcoming as it will make you feel at home. It's bright, and lines up a bathroom, a kitchen, a living room and two bedrooms at its both ends. You will be free to use any corner, device or piece of furniture in the place! There will always be someone to welcome you and take a good care of you! It's a quiet yet not-far-from-downtown area of Paris, within walking distance of Montmartre, easily reachable from any airport or train station, and close to Paris' highlights as well! Every corner of Paris and beyond is easily reachable from our place.  The subway line 13 at Guy Môquet(3 min walk) can take you right to Saint-Lazare station, the Champs-Elysées or Montparnasse. The RER at Porte de Clichy (10 min) gets you right to the Eiffel Tower. Mont
616	Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, sous les toits, dans un bel immeuble haussmannien, calme et lumineux. Bien agencé, équipé de meubles facilement déplaçables pour agencer l'espace à votre convenance. Cuisine et salle de bain neuves, tout confort. 	Studio de 15 m2 ( bien agencé). Tout équipé : lit pour 2 modulable, cuisine toute équipée, WC, douche, internet. Calme et lumineux. 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Métro Villiers,commerces à proximité. 2 nuits minimum. Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, sous les toits, dans un bel immeuble haussmannien, calme et lumineux. Bien agencé, équipé de meubles facilement déplaçables pour agencer l'espace à votre convenance. Cuisine et salle de bain neuves, tout confort. Deux codes assurant la sécurité de l'immeuble. Métro Villiers ( lignes 2 et 3 déservant tout Paris) en bas de l'immeuble. Bus ( de jour et de nuit) également à proximité. 10 min à pied de la gare St-Lazarre, 5 min à pied du parc Monceau. Une rencontre en amont est préférable. Quartier Haussmannien, proche de la rue Lévis commerçante et chaleureuse.
617	Our studio is located in central Paris, in the heart of the trendy Batignolles area, close to restaurants, shops and everything else!  It is a beautiful, recently renovated 1 room apartment (34sqm), designed by my architect husband. There is a nice cozy bedroom with a queen size bed and a separated living room with a flat screen TV. The modern kitchen-bar is fully equipped with high end hot plates, oven and microwave. The bathroom will please the most demanding ladies with its Bisazza mosaic, large Italian shower and a charming colonial decoration.  Other equipments include Wi-Fi, DVD player, washing machine, towel heater, sheets and towels. There is also plenty of smart storage spaces for longer stays.  Rare in Paris, the apartment is super calm and has a beautiful light all day long with a romantic view on a garden on one side and on the Parisian roofs on the other side!  Delightful stay guaranteed!	Looking for the perfect design apartment in Paris? Come in, you will love the smart and luxurious design. Open the window for a romantic view over the Parisian roofs. Enjoy vibrant, trendy life in the Batignolles! Welcome home! Min stay 1 month Our studio is located in central Paris, in the heart of the trendy Batignolles area, close to restaurants, shops and everything else!  It is a beautiful, recently renovated 1 room apartment (34sqm), designed by my architect husband. There is a nice cozy bedroom with a queen size bed and a separated living room with a flat screen TV. The modern kitchen-bar is fully equipped with high end hot plates, oven and microwave. The bathroom will please the most demanding ladies with its Bisazza mosaic, large Italian shower and a charming colonial decoration.  Other equipments include Wi-Fi, DVD player, washing machine, towel heater, sheets and towels. There is also plenty of smart storage spaces for longer stays.  Rare in Paris, the apartment is super cal
618	Notre appartement a été refait a neuf en 2012.  Il est idéal pour un couple avec des enfants ou un groupe d'amis souhaitant se reposer au calme et dans le confort après une journée passée a visiter Paris ! Il compte 2 grandes chambres de 15m2 chacune : une chambre avec un grand lit de 160 donnant sur une petite cour calme et pouvant accueillir très confortablement 2 adultes, et une autre chambre donnant sur la rue Nollet (petite rue calme, au cœur du quartier recherché des Batignolles), prête a accueillir un bébé ou jusqu'à 2 adultes sur un lit d'appoint.  Vous pourrez également profiter d'un grand salon - salle a manger de 30m2, idéal pour vous relaxer ou profiter d'un repas en famille ou entre amis.  Le salon est équipé d'un grand écran plasma, d'un ordinateur a votre disposition, de 2 consoles de jeu (Wii et PS3), d'une chaîne hi-fi, de jeux de société et même d'une cheminée pour vos soirées d'hiver ! Le canapé est doté d'un lit confortable pouvant accueillir jusqu'à deux adultes su	Très bel appartement situé au cœur du charmant village des Batignolles, entre Montmartre et les Champs-Élysées.  Cet appartement cosy et familial de 80m2 vous accueillera très confortablement en famille ou entre amis. Au calme, profitez de sa cuisine, du grand salon et ses jolies chambres. Idéal pour visiter Paris ! Notre appartement a été refait a neuf en 2012.  Il est idéal pour un couple avec des enfants ou un groupe d'amis souhaitant se reposer au calme et dans le confort après une journée passée a visiter Paris ! Il compte 2 grandes chambres de 15m2 chacune : une chambre avec un grand lit de 160 donnant sur une petite cour calme et pouvant accueillir très confortablement 2 adultes, et une autre chambre donnant sur la rue Nollet (petite rue calme, au cœur du quartier recherché des Batignolles), prête a accueillir un bébé ou jusqu'à 2 adultes sur un lit d'appoint.  Vous pourrez également profiter d'un grand salon - salle a manger de 30m2, idéal pour vous relaxer ou profiter d'un rep
619	Soyez les bienvenus dans ce charmant appartement calme et agréable, situé au cœur des Batignolles, quartier dynamique et animé, de plus en plus prisé à Paris, dit le petit village des Batignolles.  L’appartement dispose d'une chambre sur cour arborée avec un grand lit (140/190, un lit bébé si besoin) et d’une chambre avec deux lits  (90/190), d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain avec douche, et d’un salon. Des rangements pour vos affaires sont à votre disposition, ainsi que des draps propres et des serviettes pour la douche.  Nombreux commerces, bars, bistrots, restaurants, caves à vin, boutiques vintages, créateurs de mode, marché bio, deux parcs à proximité, le parc Martin Luther-King, un lieu agréable avec ses pelouses pour se détendre, pique-niquer et idéal pour un footing qui peut se prolonger au square des Batignolles, un jardin splendide aux arbres bi-centenaires.  Accès : Quartier très bien desservi par les transports, à 5 min à pied des métros Rome et de la Place de Clichy, des 	Appartement situé au cœur du village des Batignolles, quartier dynamique et animé (commerces, restaurants). Une chambre sur cour arborée (+ lit bébé si besoin) et une chambre avec deux lits,  cuisine, salle de bain, salon. Draps et serviettes fournis Soyez les bienvenus dans ce charmant appartement calme et agréable, situé au cœur des Batignolles, quartier dynamique et animé, de plus en plus prisé à Paris, dit le petit village des Batignolles.  L’appartement dispose d'une chambre sur cour arborée avec un grand lit (140/190, un lit bébé si besoin) et d’une chambre avec deux lits  (90/190), d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain avec douche, et d’un salon. Des rangements pour vos affaires sont à votre disposition, ainsi que des draps propres et des serviettes pour la douche.  Nombreux commerces, bars, bistrots, restaurants, caves à vin, boutiques vintages, créateurs de mode, marché bio, deux parcs à proximité, le parc Martin Luther-King, un lieu agréable avec ses pelouses pour se détendre, p
620	1 parent bedroom with a double bed  1 child bedroom with 1 single bed & 1 crib 1 sofa double bed (in the living room) 1 bathroom with a bath Fully equipped kitchen	"Cosy and design apartment, ideal to enjoy Paris in family Amazing location in Batignolles, typical & charming parisian district, several great bars & restaurants around Close to St Lazare (Grands Magasins), Moulin Rouge & Montmartre 1 parent bedroom with a double bed  1 child bedroom with 1 single bed & 1 crib 1 sofa double bed (in the living room) 1 bathroom with a bath Fully equipped kitchen Wifi access All necessary baby & child material: crib, baby bath, baby cook, warm bottle, changing table & several toys!  ""Les Batignolles"" has a very calm and charming parisianfeel, you have good mix of lively bars, hip restaurants, and exclusive shops. This area is branche—but with a village vibe, tiny streets and hidden art gems. There is also the lovely Square des Batignolles just behind the church with its natural stream and its cute pond full of ducks and geese. There's also the children playground with its old fashion and authentic carousel. 2 other great parcs for children can also be rea"
621	My flat has a great location and is 1 minute away from line 1 the most central and quickest subway line in Paris. It is calm and has no vis-à-vis. It has the charm of a typical parisian artist apartment but it is equipped and furnished for your comfort. 	Located 2 subway stations away from the Arc de Triomphe, this flat is ideal for a calm and laid-back journey in Paris for tourism or business purpose. It can host up to 4 persons (1 double bedroom and 1 sofa bed for 2).  My flat has a great location and is 1 minute away from line 1 the most central and quickest subway line in Paris. It is calm and has no vis-à-vis. It has the charm of a typical parisian artist apartment but it is equipped and furnished for your comfort.  Guests who decide to rent this place will have the place for themselves for the duration of their stay. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen (with a dishwasher), Wi-Fi,  TV & Home Cinema,washing machine. I I'm always available to answer my guests questions and I'll be happy to provide them with any information they need to make their stay in Paris a perfect moment.  My neighborhood is full of nice restaurant and is very calm.  From Roissy CDG : Airfrance buses leave you at Porte Maillot and 1 minute away from the
622		STUDIO AVEC CUISINE EQUIPEE SALLE DE BAINS INDEPENDANTE AVEC TOILETTES CANAPE-LIT DOUBLE CONFORTABLE TV ECRAN PLAT ET WIFI TRES CALME AVEC COUR PRIVATIVE DIGICODE
623	Hi guys! The flat is 85m2 and is located in Batignolle's neighborhood. It is composed with a big living room, three nice bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The flat is very calm because facing a little courtship. The bedroom we rent is spacious and quiet. It has double glazing. The apartment is situated in Batignolle's area, which is very popular and typical french neighborhood. Here you will find lots of cafés and very good french restaurants and also a great market where you can find fruits,vegetables,delicious french  cheeses and meats! This neighborhood has also lots of parks if you want to take a walk and be surrounded by trees and little ponds! This apartment is also near of everything you need:a supermarket at the bottom of the building,  2 minutes walk from subway, 5 minutes walk from park and Batignolle's market, 15minutes walk from beautiful Parc Monceau and 15 minutes walk also from the very famous Moulin Rouge!! You can visit and see a lot only by foot (or by taking the bu	Hi guys! The flat is 85m2 and is located in Batignolle's neighborhood. It is composed with a big living room, three nice bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom. The flat is very calm because facing a little courtship. The bedroom we rent is spacious and quiet. It has double glazing. The apartment is situated in Batignolle's area, which is very popular and typical french neighborhood. Here you will find lots of cafés and very good french restaurants and also a great market where you can find fruits,vegetables,delicious french  cheeses and meats! This neighborhood has also lots of parks if you want to take a walk and be surrounded by trees and little ponds! This apartment is also near of everything you need:a supermarket at the bottom of the building,  2 minutes walk from subway, 5 minutes walk from park and Batignolle's market, 15minutes walk from beautiful Parc Monceau and 15 minutes walk also from the very famous Moulin Rouge!! You can visit and see a lot only by foot (or by taking the bu
624	2 pièces avec chambre lit 2 places, boudoir, salon avec canapé lit, cuisine américaine et salle de bain douche. Appartement lumineux et chaleureux. Appartement au 4ème étage, immeuble très calme, chambre sur cour. A quelques mètres des Batignolles, très proche accès métro.	2 pièces avec chambre lit 2 places, boudoir, salon avec canapé lit, cuisine américaine et salle de bain douche. Appartement lumineux et chaleureux. Appartement au 4ème étage, immeuble très calme, chambre sur cour. A quelques mètres des Batignolles, très proche accès métro. Accès à l'appartement dans sa totalité Linge de lit et de salle de bain Appartement tout équipé Fumeurs OK Echange par mail et téléphone selon besoins des voyageurs Quartier animé et boutiques des Batignolles à quelques mètres Puces de St Ouen Marché bio dimanche matin aux Batignolles Place de Clichy, cinémas, restaurants, cafés Montmartre à 2 pas Lignes de Bus diverses Métro ligne 13 : Brochant ou Guy Mocquet
625		Bienvenue dans le 17m2 le plus cosy de Paris.  Facile d'accès et équipé (sauf du lave-linge..), venez déposer vos valises et profitez de Paris pour le travail ou pour le tourisme. Sa proximité avec les monuments vous permettra de ne rien rater ! Faites comme chez vous !  Allumez la TV, surfez sur Internet, préparez vous à dîner, servez-vous un café.. Besoin de pain? De cigarettes? Faire des courses, boire un verre ? Aller à la pharmacie, à la laverie ou au pressing? Manger Chinois, indien, ou bien une pizza ? Tout y est possible ! Ligne 13, station Brochant ou Guy Moquet (Sortie 2 / rue de la Jonquière)
626	Appartement traversant de 38 m2 avec un salon ouvert sur une terrasse de 18m2 sans vis à vis, une cuisine bar entièrement équipée, une chambre avec lit queen size et une salle de bains avec baignoire. Situé dans le quartier très vivant des Batignolles. 	Nous vous proposons un 2 pièces douillet, calme et lumineux agrémenté d'une grande terrasse arborée sans vis a vis, idéale pour les diners en amoureux. Situé dans le quartier vivant des Batignolles à 200 m du métro, proche  restaurants et commerces. Appartement traversant de 38 m2 avec un salon ouvert sur une terrasse de 18m2 sans vis à vis, une cuisine bar entièrement équipée, une chambre avec lit queen size et une salle de bains avec baignoire. Situé dans le quartier très vivant des Batignolles.  Logement entier Je serai presente ou représentée par quelqu'un qui donnera tous les details. Sinon, je serai aussi disponible par telephone Bien que l'appartement soit dans une rue calme, le quartier des Batignolles est animé avec de nombreux bars, restaurants et petit commerces (marché des Batignolles a 2 pas).  Il est à 10 mins des Champs Elysées et Montmartre, de l'Opéra et des Grands Magasins. 5 mn à pied de la station de métro la Fourche et nombreux bus à proximité
627	"Hi Everyone!  I'm offering a cozy studio (36 m2) on the top floor of a quiet building with an open outlook on the Eiffel tower. The studio is very bright and with a separate kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Fully equipped with all modern commodities  (washing machine, dish washer, electric oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, coffee machine, hairdryer, iron, i-docs) the linen  (duvet, pillows, sheets, towels) is equally provided. Located in a lively neighborhood in the north west of Paris right next to the Batignolles, there are a multitude of quality bakeries, butchers, supermarkets, cafés, restaurants, bookstores, drugstores and parcs which will allow you to dive into the joys of a parisian life. The swimming pool across the street and the Square des épinettes offer great commodities for the more sportive.  The nearest Metro stations are ""Guy Moquet"" and ""Brochant"" on line 13 which grants you a swift acces to more touristic districts such as Montmartre, Pigalle, and even the shopping dist"	"Hi Everyone!  I'm offering a cozy studio (36 m2) on the top floor of a quiet building with an open outlook on the Eiffel tower. The studio is very bright and with a separate kitchen, bathroom and toilets. Fully equipped with all modern commodities  (washing machine, dish washer, electric oven, microwave, kettle, toaster, coffee machine, hairdryer, iron, i-docs) the linen  (duvet, pillows, sheets, towels) is equally provided. Located in a lively neighborhood in the north west of Paris right next to the Batignolles, there are a multitude of quality bakeries, butchers, supermarkets, cafés, restaurants, bookstores, drugstores and parcs which will allow you to dive into the joys of a parisian life. The swimming pool across the street and the Square des épinettes offer great commodities for the more sportive.  The nearest Metro stations are ""Guy Moquet"" and ""Brochant"" on line 13 which grants you a swift acces to more touristic districts such as Montmartre, Pigalle, and even the shopping dist"
628		Appartement de deux pièces calme au 5ème étage d'un immeuble sur cour.  Quartier bien desservi, accès direct au principaux sites touristiques. Cosy and quiet 2 rooms Flat in Guy Môquet, close to Montmartre and Batignolles. Very accessible, direct access to main touristic places.
629	"We have decorated our appartment in accordance with parisian lifestyle.  We have a large living room, very luminous thanks to a large ""door-window"" that gives access to the first terrace of the appartment where you can enjoy a sunnny breakfast, should you be lucky;) The living room has an angle couch (can be used a a bed) with a big flat screen TV, a dinnig table, a large and a beautiful library with a collection of books from the French litterature. From the living room, you have a direct access to our fully-equipped kitchen. Our flat has one bedroom with a queen size bed. Our bedroom is very special since it has an access to a large second terrace with a 180 degrees view over the parisian roofs with no vis-à-vis! Note that our appartment is at the 6th and last floor! We have designed our terrace with many flours and plants, and have added a large ""fatboy"" couch where you can lie with your friends and drink a bootle of wine after a long day visiting Paris! You can enjoy the sunset fro"	"Hello all Airbnb travelers! Barbara and I are happy to propose our lovely Parisian appartment we entirely decorated by ourselves!  We grew up in Paris, and have decorated our appartement according to the parisian style! We have decorated our appartment in accordance with parisian lifestyle.  We have a large living room, very luminous thanks to a large ""door-window"" that gives access to the first terrace of the appartment where you can enjoy a sunnny breakfast, should you be lucky;) The living room has an angle couch (can be used a a bed) with a big flat screen TV, a dinnig table, a large and a beautiful library with a collection of books from the French litterature. From the living room, you have a direct access to our fully-equipped kitchen. Our flat has one bedroom with a queen size bed. Our bedroom is very special since it has an access to a large second terrace with a 180 degrees view over the parisian roofs with no vis-à-vis! Note that our appartment is at the 6th and last floor! "
630	Consists of a double bed comfortable, fully equipped kitchenette , dining table or desk, dresser and wardrobe. Toilet and shower on the landing but totally private . Supplied sheets and towels	"Small studio in the attic of Paris (6th floors with elevator ) in the very charming ""Batignolles"" . It is decorated with a small balcony where you can , among other, dining. Consists of a double bed comfortable, fully equipped kitchenette , dining table or desk, dresser and wardrobe. Toilet and shower on the landing but totally private . Supplied sheets and towels 6th floor with elevator to the 5th . Wireless internet access  Flexibility in arrival and departure times based on previous and following travelers. Check-in or late check-out early are possible. Beautiful vibrant area with supermarkets (U market, Dia, Franprix ) , shops, bakeries, restaurants, markets and parks. Good friendly atmosphere. The studio is 15m2 but comfortable, well designed to offer all the necessary. Facilities: Iron, TV , playstation . Microwave, refrigerator with freezer space , stove , kitchen utensils, pots , pans, toaster, kettle, blender , glasses, mugs , plates, cutlery ..."
631		This apartment located near the Batignoles district offers from its 5th floor a view on Paris roofs from the Balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. There is a  king size bed and a convertible sofa bed (2 persons). A spacious bathroom with bathtub.
632		Au cœur du village des Batignolles,  bel appartement de 60 m² en duplex et en fond de cour, à votre disposition.  Quartier remplit de restaurants et de commerces de proximités, a un jet de pierre de Montmartre, de Saint Lazare et du parc Monceau 
633		Welcome to my place! You will feel like home in this warm, well furnished and very well located apartment. Many shops, bars, nice gardens are closed to the place which will make your Parisian stay unforgettable!  Also Everything will be at your disposal. I provide clean sheets but I ask my guests to bring their own towels. I remain at your disposal during your stay in case you need touristic informations or just wanna receive some good Parisian tips. Generations collide in Batignolles, a fashionable inner-Paris enclave where grandmothers manage bistros and grandsons spend their nights at the skate park. A true proponent of cafe society, Batignolles is responsible for an emerging class of residents known as “bobos,” or, bourgeois bohemians. The neighborhood’s penchant for open air markets, resplendent gardens, and cultivated class lends Batignolles a graceful intimacy that attracts visitors despite its distance from the city’s commercial core. How to access to my apartment? 1- From the 
634		After staying here you might never want to leave! Our chic apartment is the perfect home away from home in the heart of Montmartre.
635		Amazing 19th century artist loft by the Champs Elysées. This flat can comfortably sleep four people in 4 bedrooms. One master bedroom with ensuite bathroom, and three single bedrooms (two of which have shower room).
636	Bonjour, Je loue mon appartement composé de 2 pièces à deux pas des Batignolles et de la rue de Lévis. L'appartement est composé d'un salon, d'une cuisine ouverte sur une salle à manger, d'une sdb refaite à neuf et d'une grande chambre avec dressing. Au 5ème étage, il est très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. 	Bonjour, Je loue mon appartement composé de 2 pièces à deux pas des Batignolles et de la rue de Lévis. L'appartement est composé d'un salon, d'une cuisine ouverte sur une salle à manger, d'une sdb refaite à neuf et d'une grande chambre avec dressing. Au 5ème étage, il est très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. Une partie de ma penderie sera disponible. Internet Wifi illimité Machine à laver Serviettes et draps fournis Je suis joignable par email A moins de 5 minutes à pied, vous trouverez la rue de Lévis avec tous ses commerces (maraîcher, boulangerie, poissonnier, fromager, boucher...). Vous avez également à 5min à pied, le quartier des Batignolles avec ses halles, ses magasins de déco et de vêtements et ses bons restaurants. C'est un quartier dynamique et branché, idéal pour toutes vos sorties ! L’appartement est desservi avec à 8min à pied le métro Rome (ligne 2), Villiers (lignes 2 et 3) et Brochant (ligne 13) qui vous emmènerons partout dans Paris en 15/20min.  Les quartiers de Pigalle,
637		Deux pièces de 40 m2  au 1 étage  Avec gardienne et digicode  Derrière le parc des batignolles  Sdb avec baignoire wc et lavabo Cuisine  avec plaque frigo évier et lave linge séchant  Salon avec Tv canapé convertible  Table a manger fenêtre isolante sur rue Chambre avec lit double armoire commode vous avez l'apartement en totalite a disposition vous pouvez me joindre 24/24 par mail ou par tel Juste derrière le parc Martin Luther king des batignolles Metro brochant ou RER porte clichy Sortie porte clichy périphérique Nord a 5 minutes
638	"Located at the 5th floor of a new building, you will like the ""Central Park""-like aspect of the view with the skyscrapers of La Défense. You will appreciate the large patio (28 square meter) with bushes and flowers, a kind of 3rd room, particularly in sommer. You will like as well the vintage spirit of the main room. "	"Very nice flat with 1 large living room, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom in a new building. 5 mn walk from the metro station ""Porte de Clichy"" and rapid access to central Paris. Nice tree-lined patio facing south.    Located at the 5th floor of a new building, you will like the ""Central Park""-like aspect of the view with the skyscrapers of La Défense. You will appreciate the large patio (28 square meter) with bushes and flowers, a kind of 3rd room, particularly in sommer. You will like as well the vintage spirit of the main room.  Our guests will have access to all rooms of our flat, patio, and private parking. We will never be in the same time than our guests in the apartment.  - ""Martin Luther King"" park - Batignolles - Epinettes - Guy Moquet arket  - ""Le marché aux Puces de Saint-Ouen"" - Ternes-Monceau 5mn walk from the metro station ""Porte de Clichy"" lign 13, in bus with lign PC3, Great bike station always full on the ""Bessières"" street, by car easy access in 1 mn from the ring, exit ""Por"
639	"A lovely 1 bedroom in the 17th of 55m2. The flat features a spacious living room and is fully equipped with all modern conveniences.  the flat is located on 6 floor (with elevator). The apartment is bright, spacious, very peaceful. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, food stores, bakeries steps away from the appartement. I am providing for your comfort full sets of clean sheets and towels. More information on the location/ walking distances: 15mins walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs-Elysées. Location well served: métro station: line 1 Porte Maillot (10 minutes), line 3 with which you can go easly every where in Paris and which is a very safe line (3min walks), RER A station Charles de Gaulle étoile Line 6/1 (15minutes). Direct Air France bus to the 2 main airports (Orly, Roissy CDG) nearby (one from Porte Maillot and the other from Charles de Gaule), and 35 min metro from ""gare de Lyon "" train station and 15min direct metro to saint lazar"	A bright, spacious, very peaceful apartment in a quiet neighbourhood. Metro and shops are nearby. A good place to relax and enjoy Paris A lovely 1 bedroom in the 17th of 55m2. The flat features a spacious living room and is fully equipped with all modern conveniences.  the flat is located on 6 floor (with elevator). The apartment is bright, spacious, very peaceful. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, food stores, bakeries steps away from the appartement. I am providing for your comfort full sets of clean sheets and towels. More information on the location/ walking distances: 15mins walk to the most beautiful avenue in the world: the Champs-Elysées. Location well served: métro station: line 1 Porte Maillot (10 minutes), line 3 with which you can go easly every where in Paris and which is a very safe line (3min walks), RER A station Charles de Gaulle étoile Line 6/1 (15minutes). Direct Air France bus to the 2 main airports (Orly, Roissy CDG) nearby (one from Porte
640		Magnifique 2 pièces à 5 min de l'arc de triomphe. Commerce et Metro a proximité.  Très belle déco chic moderne. Appartement très fonctionnelle avec balcon et grand baie vitrée. Coup de cœur assurer, charme garantie. Vous ne viendrez plus chez moi par hasard!!! My casa es su casa. 
641	This studio has been decorated with designer furniture and is very typical from the parisian architecture. Old wooden floor, black marble firplace, great mirror, view over a lovely backyard.  	This 25m2 studio, typical from the parisian architecture, with designer furniture and a lovely view.  It is located in a chic and quiet area, only 10 minutes walking from the Champs-Élysées.  and 15 minutes from the city center with the subway. This studio has been decorated with designer furniture and is very typical from the parisian architecture. Old wooden floor, black marble firplace, great mirror, view over a lovely backyard.  You will have access to a fully equipped kitchen and washing machine. Towels and bed linen are also included.  I will be delighted to give you advices of the nicest stops around the appartment, but also the coolest places of Paris.  Very quiet yet chic, this area benefits of a lot of restaurant, cafés, and fashion shops that are not as overcrowded as in the city center.  Yet, if you want to feel the vibe of the coolest spots of the right bank of Paris, you are only 15 minutes transportation from Le Marais, 20 minutes from South Pigalle, 30 minutes from Répu
642	70 sq meters  5th floor and last one (very quiet) Duplex 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets Effeil Tower view South orientation	Grand Duplex, grande pièce à vivre, 2 chambres, 2 salles de bains, 5eme et dernier étage. Vue tour Eiffel, balcon. 70m2 Très lumineux, orienté plein sud. Super quartier, rue des Batignolles. 70 sq meters  5th floor and last one (very quiet) Duplex 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets Effeil Tower view South orientation Rue des Batignolles Metro 2 and Metro 13
643		Studette meublée de 16 m2, avec un espace kitchenette et salle d'eau. Située rue de Chartres, à Neuilly-sur-Seine. Proche commerce et transports (ligne 1 - bus: 82 et 43). Au 6 ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble. Logement très lumineux. WC sur palier.
644	Très calme, agréable, lumineux et confortable.	Appartement (30 m2) agréable et accueillant dans un immeuble privé. Très calme (donne sur cour) et lumineux à proximité de commerces de qualité et des transports (métro L 2 et L 13, bus 31,54,84... et taxis) Aménagé confortablement  Très calme, agréable, lumineux et confortable. Le métro Guy Mocquet se trouve à 2mn à pied De nombreux commerces et restaurants sont à proximite N'étant pas présente dans le logement, mais restant dans le quartier,  je communique par mail et téléphone. Quartier agréable et commerçant. Marché Guy Mocquet tous les jours sauf le lundi Metro Guy Mocquet L13, Bus, UBER...
645	Lovely Arty Duplex, bright and quiet!! 2 rooms, top  floor, only 4 floors. (No lift) Climatisation in bedroom Ecologic flat  ( no chemicals,  organic sheets and House cleaning products ) info for very allergic people ; the flat has been totally vacuumed but a cat has lived there, so if your allergy to hair cat is very strong, please notice this info,thank you. Experience living in the authentic Parisian neighbourhood of Les Batignolles: after a day spent shopping or museum hopping, try out the many cafés and wine bars.  Enjoy a meal in the local gourmet restaurants or bring home fresh products from the Batignolles Organic Market to enjoy a romantic dinner at home.  Your short-term Paris apartment will provide you with much more than a luxury hotel, bed & breakfast, When you open the door you will appreciate the Atmosphere and above all the peace, quiet and privacy.  it has a   cute-equipped kitchen, bathroom with  a tub,  (separate WC) and comfortably sleeps two people in  king size be	ARTY SUNNY DUPLEX 2 ROOMS !  4 th top  floor,quiet, charming CLIMATISATION  Breakfast   ECOLOGIC FLAT :no chemicals, coton sheets & house cleaning  Bus direct +Subway : Champs Elysees, Louvre, St Germain. etc. Lovely Arty Duplex, bright and quiet!! 2 rooms, top  floor, only 4 floors. (No lift) Climatisation in bedroom Ecologic flat  ( no chemicals,  organic sheets and House cleaning products ) info for very allergic people ; the flat has been totally vacuumed but a cat has lived there, so if your allergy to hair cat is very strong, please notice this info,thank you. Experience living in the authentic Parisian neighbourhood of Les Batignolles: after a day spent shopping or museum hopping, try out the many cafés and wine bars.  Enjoy a meal in the local gourmet restaurants or bring home fresh products from the Batignolles Organic Market to enjoy a romantic dinner at home.  Your short-term Paris apartment will provide you with much more than a luxury hotel, bed & breakfast, When you open 
646	L'appartement est à vous le temps de votre séjour ! Complètement équipé,  cuisine, SdB (avec douche à l'italienne), WiFi très haut débit, rangement,... The flat is yours during your stay. Fully equiped, kitchen, bathroom (italian style), WiFi High Speed,...	Appartement parisien en plein cœur des Batignolles, à 2 pas du marché  de Lévis. Idéal pour un weekend détente. Parisian flat, in the heart of Batignolles district. Perfect for a chill weekend.      L'appartement est à vous le temps de votre séjour ! Complètement équipé,  cuisine, SdB (avec douche à l'italienne), WiFi très haut débit, rangement,... The flat is yours during your stay. Fully equiped, kitchen, bathroom (italian style), WiFi High Speed,... Voici la liste des transports accessibles en 5-10min à pied. The list of station nearby (5-10 min walk)  Métro : Ligne 3, stations : Malesherbes, Wagram, Villiers Ligne 2, stations : Villiers Train : Station Pont Cardinet Bus : Lignes 31, 53 Exemple de destinations : Place Marché de Lévis : 2 min Square des Batignolles : 3 min Parc Monceau : 5 min Champs Elysées : 12 min Opéra / Madeleine : 12 min Pigalle : 15 min Montmartre (Abbesses) : 20 min Marais (Arts & Métiers) : 20 min Grands Boulevards : 25 min Puces de St Ouen : 15 min
647	he living room includes a large window that offers a view on a backyard garden. You can enjoy watching TV with cable or the Internet with Wifi. If you wan to plan a romantic dinner, do not hesitate to use the kitchen fully equiped. Then what is nicer than a warm bath after a long day in the streets of Paris ? I hope that you will enjoy this appartement as much as I do.	Welcome in Paris, Classic one-bedrooms parisian flat (47 sqm) at 15 min from the Champs-Elysées. You will feel at home in this design and cozy appartment in a residential area of Paris. he living room includes a large window that offers a view on a backyard garden. You can enjoy watching TV with cable or the Internet with Wifi. If you wan to plan a romantic dinner, do not hesitate to use the kitchen fully equiped. Then what is nicer than a warm bath after a long day in the streets of Paris ? I hope that you will enjoy this appartement as much as I do. If you need anything or in case of emergency, I remain available. The area is green and residential. There are plenty of Hausmanian buildings that make the famous charm of Paris. Just around the corner, you will find my favorite backery where the best croissants and baguettes are made. (won the croissant championship) Metro line 3 RER (regional train) C
648	Sans voisin direct, notre maison est au calme, très ensoleillée et agréable à vivre (on ne va pas vous dire le contraire). Nous venons de la rénover et il reste quelques petits travaux, comme la terrasse qui n'est toujours pas accessible, ou l'escalier qui mène à la mezzanine. A part cela, tout est au point !  Si vous avez besoin d'un lit bébé, nous pouvons vous en fournir un gratuitement. Nous vous aménagerons un placard vide pour vos affaires dans la chambre des enfants. We have just renovated this house & apart for one or two to things that need to get fixed, it is a very warm & calm place where to stay. If you need an extra bed for a baby, we will be happy to get you one. Moreover, we will leave you a closet available in the children's room to put your clothes in during your stay.	Située près de Brochant, notre petite maison de 48m2 est idéale pour un couple avec 2 enfants : 1 chambre avec lits superposés, 1 chambre en mezzanine avec un lit double. Un petit nid refait à neuf, proche des métros, RER et bus ! Sans voisin direct, notre maison est au calme, très ensoleillée et agréable à vivre (on ne va pas vous dire le contraire). Nous venons de la rénover et il reste quelques petits travaux, comme la terrasse qui n'est toujours pas accessible, ou l'escalier qui mène à la mezzanine. A part cela, tout est au point !  Si vous avez besoin d'un lit bébé, nous pouvons vous en fournir un gratuitement. Nous vous aménagerons un placard vide pour vos affaires dans la chambre des enfants. We have just renovated this house & apart for one or two to things that need to get fixed, it is a very warm & calm place where to stay. If you need an extra bed for a baby, we will be happy to get you one. Moreover, we will leave you a closet available in the children's room to put your cl
649	plein centre de paris	Logement partagé avec le propriétaire Logement a proximité de la place wagram. Situé dans les beaux quartiers du 17éme  arrondissement. Deux canapés convertibles disponibles pour 2 ou 3 couchages. plein centre de paris Metro Wagram  Arrêt de bus en face de l'immeuble Station vélib Station autolib Station de taxis je serai présent dans le logement pendant le séjour des voyageurs. Avenue Wagram Commerces de proximité Metro arrêt Wagram Bus Taxis Autolib Vélib Appartement 6 eme étage 32 m2 meublé tout confort. Cuisine équipée vaisselle neuve. Pas de lave linge. Plaques vitrocéramique 4 foyers, Frigo sous plan Congélateur 3 tiroirs. Écran plat 32 pouces + internet fibre optique très haute vitesse wifi. Salle de douche neuve et toilettes  Petite entrée Chambre avec lit 140/190 + bureau + nombreux rangements.
650		A la semaine ou en weekend end pour les fêtes de fin d'année, dans appartement entièrement rénové en collocation, vous profiterez d'une chambre entièrement équipée, sdb avec baignoire et séjour cosy avec équipements multimédia (Tv hd, wifi, GTA 5, hifi) Quartier à proximité du centre desservi par gare
651		Grand appartement comprenant deux chambres et un grand séjour, situé dans le charmant quartier des Batignolles (Parcs, restaurants, cavistes, fleuristes...) L'appartement est spacieux (55m2, parquet, meubles design) et est situé à 250m du métro. Le quartier des Batignolles est un quartier où il fait bon vivre : dynamique et à taille humain. On y retrouve : des restaurants (de toutes sortes et pour tout budget), deux beaux parcs, cavistes, marché de produits frais... Facilement accecible en métro (ligne 13) et en bus, vous pouvez relier sans mal : Montmarte, Pigalle, Saint Lazare, les Champs Elysées, Le Louvre...
652		Cet appartement au R.d.C vient d'être entièrement rénové. La chambre sur cour est totalement silencieuse. La cuisine est ouverte sur un salon vintage. De plus, un escalier vous emmène jusqu'à une cave voutée ou un autre espace de vie vous attend...
653	Location: Paris Arrondissement 8, Paris Area Located in the very centre of Paris (clear and safe) My high standing apartment has just been completely restored. It's located on 2nd floor with an elevator, in the heart of Paris. It sleeps 1 to 2  persons in small bedroom and a comfy sofa bed in the lounge that sleeps 2. There's a flat screen, TV with international channels, internet access broadband, a DVD player and an iPod station. The apartment provides all the necessary appliances with a fully equipped and modern kitchen (microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine , fridge freezer). All cooking utensils and kitchenware are provided, as well as bath and bedlinen. The open plan kitchen and lounge host a dining table that can easily accomodate 4 persons. The en-suite bathroom has a bathtub, a washing machine and toilets (Privat room). A hairdryer is provided. The building is secured with a code system and an intercom. It sits in a quiet street with plenty of food shops, including several bak	Location: Paris Arrondissement 8, Paris Area Located in the very centre of Paris (clear and safe) My high standing apartment has just been completely restored. It's located on 2nd floor with an elevator, in the heart of Paris. It sleeps 1 to 2  persons in small bedroom and a comfy sofa bed in the lounge that sleeps 2. There's a flat screen, TV with international channels, internet access broadband, a DVD player and an iPod station. The apartment provides all the necessary appliances with a fully equipped and modern kitchen (microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine , fridge freezer). All cooking utensils and kitchenware are provided, as well as bath and bedlinen. The open plan kitchen and lounge host a dining table that can easily accomodate 4 persons. The en-suite bathroom has a bathtub, a washing machine and toilets (Privat room). A hairdryer is provided. The building is secured with a code system and an intercom. It sits in a quiet street with plenty of food shops, including several bak
654	"nicely decorated with 2 large  bedroom flat (100 sqm2) with a quiet terrace, 2 minutes from famous market ""rue de Levis"" , 10 minutes away from Montmartre and 15 from Champs Elysées. Enjoy our equipment (Bose, Apple TV, dryer, Sofitel bed...)."	"nicely decorated with 2 large  bedroom flat (100 sqm2) with a quiet terrace, 2 minutes from famous market ""rue de Levis"" , 10 minutes away from Montmartre and 15 from Champs Elysées. Enjoy our equipment (Bose, Apple TV, dryer, Sofitel bed...)."
655		A lovely, cosy flat in the heart of Paris, well located, beautifully decorated, and so full of light. Including one big room with a double bed and a spacious living room, our comodious flat offers you a free spirited ambiance for a modest price. You will have a private double room and access to the rest of the flat (living room, kitchen, bathroom, WC). I and my boyfriend will be gone during your stay.  Yet you will be welcomed by our dear flatmate (our best friend) who will be glad to accompany you for anything you may need. Our neighborhood is a calm, safe and (let's say) a richy one.  You may find a lot of nice cafes and restaurants around, mainly at the exit of subway (métro) Pereire. It's 3 stops away by bus from Avenue des Champs-Elysées  (Bus (phone number hidden), bus stop on Boulevard Niel) To reach our flat, - You may take (the underground/métro) line 3 and get off at Pereire or Wagram (both are 7-10 mins away from the flat). - If your plane is landing at Orly Airport, you may
656	* Cosy 2 rooms appartment in the heart of the Batignolles* A charming and comfortable 2 bedrooms appartment located in the heart of a typical Parisian Hood, the Batignolles. It is 2 minutes away from the nearest subway station (line 2 that goes straight to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées), 10 minutes of walking from shopping area (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps),and around 20 minutes walking to Opera and Montmartre. The neighborhood is filled with cute little coffee shops, bars, and great restaurants. It is also packed with supermarket, fresh delis, laundry service shops, banks, cinemas, and more. The apartment is on the 6th floor (with lift) of a very calm building, overlooking on a courtyard. Although the apartment is very large and it includes a queen size bed. Option for a third person on the sofa. It also includes a fully equipped kitchen to cook proper french traditional dishes, a bathroom (with a bathtub), a separated restrooms and a TV with several channels. The pric	    Cosy, charming and comfortable large 2 bedrooms appartment located in a typical Parisian Hood. The apartment is over looking on a courtyard close to Montmartre & famous shopping mall area. The neighborhood is filled with bars, great restaurants.    * Cosy 2 rooms appartment in the heart of the Batignolles* A charming and comfortable 2 bedrooms appartment located in the heart of a typical Parisian Hood, the Batignolles. It is 2 minutes away from the nearest subway station (line 2 that goes straight to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées), 10 minutes of walking from shopping area (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps),and around 20 minutes walking to Opera and Montmartre. The neighborhood is filled with cute little coffee shops, bars, and great restaurants. It is also packed with supermarket, fresh delis, laundry service shops, banks, cinemas, and more. The apartment is on the 6th floor (with lift) of a very calm building, overlooking on a courtyard. Although the apartment is very l
657	Studio bien agencé, bien equipé et calme garanti !	Studio 22 m2 bien agencé au Rdc d'un immeuble avec digicode ! Peut loger deux personnes très bien situé, dans une rue calme a 5 minutes des Champs Elysées. Profitez de ses équipements et sa proximité avec le métro (1, 2, 6, rer A) et des nombreux bars et restaurants. Studio bien agencé, bien equipé et calme garanti ! Accès à touts les équipements de l'appartement Non A 1 min de l'Arc de Triomphe et a 5 min de l'avenue des Champs Élysées. Transport en commun a deux pas de la maison ( métro 1, 2 et 6, Rer A : station Charles de Gaule étoile) Ligne 1, 2 et 6 du metro et Rer A : Station Charles de Gaule Etoile à 1 min de la maison Ce studio est idéal pour venir passer des vacances à Paris ! Au coeur de Paris, il vous garanti un très bon rapport en terme de qualité/ prix !
658	Au coeur des Batignoles, appartement typiquement parisien, plein de charme et complètement équipé	Hello les voyageurs,  voici une petite description de mon appartement:  30m2, 1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine, 1 salle d'eau avec wc  Situé entre Montmartre et les Champs Elysées, au coeur du quartier des Batignoles.  Le métro est à 2min à pied    Au coeur des Batignoles, appartement typiquement parisien, plein de charme et complètement équipé Au coeur des Batignoles,  marché à 3 minutes à pied, beaucoup de petits commerces de bouche, de restaurants et de bistrots.  Le métro est à 2 minutes à pied Appartement proche de tout Montmartre : 10 minutes Champs Elysées : 15 minutes Opéra / Haussmann / Galeries Lafayette : 15 minutes J'accueille chaque voyageur avec plaisir. Je partage volontiers mes bonnes adresses et reste disponible durant votre séjour en cas de besoin  Aux Batignolles, les générations s’entremêlent. Les grand-mères tiennent les bistrots tandis que leurs petits-fils batifolent au parc de skate. Le quartier est le berceau de des bourgeois bohèmes. Cultivés, ses habitants récon
659	"The location of this sunlit apartment is ideal for travellers coming to Paris. The real Parisian feeling is guaranteed when you walk in the beautifull place named ""battignoles"". There's a good Wi-fi connection to help you stay connected. There's a comfortable double bed in the bedroom. Interior decoration and collecting art are my passions which you can enjoy of when staying in this apartment.  This apartment offers: -Wifi  -Plasma TV in the living room with international channels -Oven, dishwasher, hob and all equipment for cooking -Sheets for the bed and baths towel -Bath If you want to visit Paris, you are at 15 minutes by foot from Montmartre,10 minutes from Moulin Rouge and you can take the metro if you want to go to Opera, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, all these places are quickly accessible. I'm an experienced, well organized and responsable Airbnb host. Please don't hesitate to ask me any further questions you might have on your mind. I'll do my best to make your trip to Paris "	"The location of this sunlit apartment is ideal for travellers coming to Paris. The real Parisian feeling is guaranteed when you walk in the beautifull place named ""battignoles"". There's a good Wi-fi connection to help you stay connected. There's a comfortable double bed in the bedroom. Interior decoration and collecting art are my passions which you can enjoy of when staying in this apartment.  This apartment offers: -Wifi  -Plasma TV in the living room with international channels -Oven, dishwasher, hob and all equipment for cooking -Sheets for the bed and baths towel -Bath If you want to visit Paris, you are at 15 minutes by foot from Montmartre,10 minutes from Moulin Rouge and you can take the metro if you want to go to Opera, Champs-Elysées, Eiffel Tower, all these places are quickly accessible. I'm an experienced, well organized and responsable Airbnb host. Please don't hesitate to ask me any further questions you might have on your mind. I'll do my best to make your trip to Paris "
660	In the heart of Batignolles neigbourhood, in an old parisien building, a very nice modern-minimalist apartment of 46m2. Cousy bedroom with double bed(140x190)and new excellent quality matresse and duvet. You can enjoy breakfast(wiht italian cooffee, Ceylan té, orange juice, french bread, french jam and better, all included) or dinner in the spacius kitchen provided of induction stove, over, refrigerator/freezer, washmachine, italian cooffe maker, water boiler...non microwave, neither nexpresso(environmental reason). In the morning, you will find the pleasure of taking a shower in the modern stylish bathroom with an extra large shower(bath soap and organic shampooing included). In the minimalist and quiet livingroom you will be able to relax after a full day in Paris or check in your mail with the fibre optic wifi(non tv). I will meet and greet our guest in english, french, spanish or italien unless I am away and if so I have somebody else who will greet guests for me.  I like to leave 	In the heart of Batignolles neigbourhood, in an old parisien building, a very nice modern-minimalist apartment of 46m2. Cousy bedroom with double bed(140x190)and new excellent quality matresse and duvet. You can enjoy breakfast(wiht italian cooffee, Ceylan té, orange juice, french bread, french jam and better, all included) or dinner in the spacius kitchen provided of induction stove, over, refrigerator/freezer, washmachine, italian cooffe maker, water boiler...non microwave, neither nexpresso(environmental reason). In the morning, you will find the pleasure of taking a shower in the modern stylish bathroom with an extra large shower(bath soap and organic shampooing included). In the minimalist and quiet livingroom you will be able to relax after a full day in Paris or check in your mail with the fibre optic wifi(non tv). I will meet and greet our guest in english, french, spanish or italien unless I am away and if so I have somebody else who will greet guests for me.  I like to leave 
661	A lot of light in the flat...	"A beautiful 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of Les Batignolles, in Paris 17th, very luminous, great laid out.  10 min by bus from Sacré Cœur, and Arc de triomphe. (Bus N°30 and 31) 1st room with a king size bed, 2nd room with a sofa / bed A lot of light in the flat... I am available via email or telephone and would be happy to help anytime. I usually give some tips / recommendation on where to go out / eat / shop in Paris. My husband and I especially love French food and have some very good places to recommend. ""Les Batignolles"" is a ""Bobo"" district within Paris, but apart from the Noisy touristic areas. You will find 2 parks next to the home : ""Parc Martin Luther King"" (one minute walking) and the ""Square des Batignolles"" (2 minutes walking). Many shops just down our flat with the typical French ""fromagers"" (cheese shops), ""boulangeries"" and some nice cosy restaurants. Line 13 : metro Brochant and La Fourche. Line 2 : Place de Clichy. Bus 30 (at Turin Batignolles) stop and Bus 31 (a"
662	Studio très calme, donnant sur une petite courette où il est agréable de prendre son petit déjeuner l'été.  Une salle de bain avec douche + Une pièce à vivre-chambre-cuisine. 	Joli petit studio, au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble Haussmanien, donnant sur une petite courette.  Dans le quartier très sympa des batignolles (où l'on trouve de supers petits restos).  Très proche métro Brochant. A 15 min de Saint lazare. Studio très calme, donnant sur une petite courette où il est agréable de prendre son petit déjeuner l'été.  Une salle de bain avec douche + Une pièce à vivre-chambre-cuisine. - Wifi gratuit  - Télévision - Cuisine  - Micro-ondes / Four - WC - Douche - Sèche cheveux - Chauffage électrique.  - 2 serviettes  - 1 couette + 2 taies d'oreiller  Le quartier des Batignolles est un quartier très sympa. De nombreux petits commerçants, de chouettes petits bars et de supers restaurants ! 2 jolis parcs se situent à moins de 2 minutes de l'appartement.  L13 Brochant - 2 min L2 Rome - 10min L3 Villiers - 10 min  Saint Lazare et les galeries Lafayettes à 15 min à pied. Quartier de Montmartre à 15-20 min à pied, sympa pour une petite balade du soir. A votre départ, l
663	Very nice cosy bedroom in  recently renovated appartement in nice area (15 min walking distance from Pigalle and Montmartre). Metro and buses just few steps from appartement. Perfect for a couple or one person visiting Paris. Hope meeting you soon:) Recently renovated flat with a very nice cosy bedroom for 1-2 persons. Very calm. Big wardrobe  Fully equipped with dishwasher, wash machine, wi fi. Metro stations: Guy Môquet, la Fourche, Brochant, Place de Clichy. Buses: (phone number hidden) and night buses as well. Interaction depends on my  work schedule. Guest are free to chose a level of interaction;) Metro stations: Guy Môquet, la Fourche, Brochant, Place de Clichy. Buses: (phone number hidden) and night buses as well. Metro stations: Guy Môquet, la Fourche, Brochant, Place de Clichy. Buses: (phone number hidden) and night buses as well. During summertime I have more free time, so I am able (if you wish) to assist and show you a little bit the city during your first days here .	Very nice cosy bedroom in  recently renovated appartement in nice area (15 min walking distance from Pigalle and Montmartre). Metro and buses just few steps from appartement. Perfect for a couple or one person visiting Paris. Hope meeting you soon:) Very nice cosy bedroom in  recently renovated appartement in nice area (15 min walking distance from Pigalle and Montmartre). Metro and buses just few steps from appartement. Perfect for a couple or one person visiting Paris. Hope meeting you soon:) Recently renovated flat with a very nice cosy bedroom for 1-2 persons. Very calm. Big wardrobe  Fully equipped with dishwasher, wash machine, wi fi. Metro stations: Guy Môquet, la Fourche, Brochant, Place de Clichy. Buses: (phone number hidden) and night buses as well. Interaction depends on my  work schedule. Guest are free to chose a level of interaction;) Metro stations: Guy Môquet, la Fourche, Brochant, Place de Clichy. Buses: (phone number hidden) and night buses as well. Metro stations: Gu
664	La vue et les volumes des pièces .  Wifi / télévision /enceinte musique wifi / machine à laver linge / vaisselle. Nespresso / Apple TV  3 stations de métro/ station de taxi /bus à 100m .  Proche des Champs Elysées / galeries lafayette / Montmartre /parc Monceau  Métro :Malesherbes /Wagram/Monceau	Apartement 62 m2 carré ,6 eme étage vue dégagée . Cuisine entièrement équipée . Wifi  Métro :Malesherbes /Wagram/Monceau 
665	L'appartement est agréable et fonctionnel. La literie est neuve, vous trouverez également un réfrigérateur, une machine à laver, un lave vaisselle, un four à micro onde, une machine Nespresso ainsi que les capsules adéquates.  Une grande télévision ainsi qu'une mini chaine sont également à votre disposition.  L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage, dans un petit passage piéton du 17ème arrondissement, tranquillité garantie ! Parc Monceau à 5mn et nombreux restaurants. L'appartement est situé dans un petit passage du 17ème arrondissement. Tous commerces à proximités. Marché Lévis & Batignolles à deux pas. En métro : 10min de l'Etoile et des champs Elysées, 20min de Montmartre, 20min du Trocadéro Métro Villiers & Wagram (Ligne 2 & 3)	Joli studio tout équipé de 25m2, entièrement refait à neuf. Calme, cosy et lumineux. Idéal pour un couple. Grand séjour à vivre avec un lit rétractable, coin cuisine, WC et douche italienne séparée. L'appartement est  agréable et fonctionnel. L'appartement est agréable et fonctionnel. La literie est neuve, vous trouverez également un réfrigérateur, une machine à laver, un lave vaisselle, un four à micro onde, une machine Nespresso ainsi que les capsules adéquates.  Une grande télévision ainsi qu'une mini chaine sont également à votre disposition.  L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage, dans un petit passage piéton du 17ème arrondissement, tranquillité garantie ! Parc Monceau à 5mn et nombreux restaurants. L'appartement est situé dans un petit passage du 17ème arrondissement. Tous commerces à proximités. Marché Lévis & Batignolles à deux pas. En métro : 10min de l'Etoile et des champs Elysées, 20min de Montmartre, 20min du Trocadéro Métro Villiers & Wagram (Ligne 2 & 3) Parc Monceau à 5
666	Between le Parc Monceau and rue de Lévis (and its market) Very close to the delightful Batignolles district Close to Lycée Chaptal and Lycée Carnot 	Very nice 27m² flat, well situated between le Parc Monceau and the busy shopping street of Lévis. Close to many subway stations, museums, restaurants and shops.  Double bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom. Between le Parc Monceau and rue de Lévis (and its market) Very close to the delightful Batignolles district Close to Lycée Chaptal and Lycée Carnot They will have access to the whole flat and all the available devices.  Flat located at the 2nd floor without elevator In general, I can't meet the people who reserve my flat because I will be in vacation or away on business during this period. But you can reach me every time you want if you have every question or problem. I also have really nice friends who can welcome you, give you the keys or help you if you need anything. Very nice and family district, with a lot of shops nearby. You will feel in this district like in a village. During the evening, the street stays lively thanks to the different restaurants and bars. You can discover all 
667		Situé  Porte Maillot,coté Neuilly ,l'appartement est proche du Palais des Congrés ,l'Arc de Triomphe et Champs-Elysées...Entièrement equipé et tres confortable!
668	Charming Flat 100 m2  5 pièces with 3 Bedrooms  Very well located in the heart of Batignolles villages - the mythique historical area with its charming streets and wonderful square, near metro & bus place de clichy and 10 minutes far from sacré coeur & champs elysées  In 4th floor with lift ( parquet & cheminées) , it will offer you all the charm of yesterday with the todays facilities. the living room will be nice to have a cup of tea after your long visist day ant the dining room (near the kitchen) is ok for up to 8 people.  The kitchen fully equiped will allows you to enjoy your french trip especially  if you are ready to cook ! This flat is  then the perfect place for a nice trip in family with kids  You will find Market ( everyday) supermarket, cafés , restaurants and all the things which make your stay a wonderful moment.  If you're a biker, there is 1 bicycles stations (Velib) right at 100m  Minimum stay during the year is 5 nights and for CHRISTMAS  the minimum stay is 5 nights	Charming Flat 100 m2  5 pièces with 3 Bedrooms  Very well located in the heart of Batignolles villages - the mythique historical area with its charming streets and wonderful square, near metro & bus place de clichy and 10 minutes far from sacré coeur & champs elysées  In 4th floor with lift ( parquet & cheminées) , it will offer you all the charm of yesterday with the todays facilities. the living room will be nice to have a cup of tea after your long visist day ant the dining room (near the kitchen) is ok for up to 8 people.  The kitchen fully equiped will allows you to enjoy your french trip especially  if you are ready to cook ! This flat is  then the perfect place for a nice trip in family with kids  You will find Market ( everyday) supermarket, cafés , restaurants and all the things which make your stay a wonderful moment.  If you're a biker, there is 1 bicycles stations (Velib) right at 100m  Minimum stay during the year is 5 nights and for CHRISTMAS  the minimum stay is 5 nights
669	Apartment located on a lovely house in a private court, this charming flat has a nice view on 2 gardens (not available). VERY CALM (birds sound in the morning), and cosy with a village spirit in the famous area of the Batignolles !	"Cozy and functional apartment in the heart of the Batignolles ! In a leafy courtyard, the apartment is very quiet and located near all merchants / transports / restaurants / pub ... ! Love at first sight :) Apartment located on a lovely house in a private court, this charming flat has a nice view on 2 gardens (not available). VERY CALM (birds sound in the morning), and cosy with a village spirit in the famous area of the Batignolles ! The apartment is fully equipped, Nespresso, oven, washing machine, TV and high - speed internet, nothing is missing, you will be able to accommodate several days and take all your meals there . We are reachable by email and telephone if necessary, before and during your stay. The flat is situated on the ""Quartier des Batignolles"", one of the famous area of West of Paris with a village atmosphere. The area is full of restaurants, of bars, has a small church, many food markets and 2 beautiful parks. A 15 minutes walk up to the garden of the Butte of Montmar"
670	Our apartment is located in the typically Parisian neighborhood of Les Batignolles, right at the border between the 8th, 9th and 17th arrondissements, one minute away from metro stations PLACE DE CLICHY, ROME and EUROPE.  The apartment itself is a fifth-floor walk up in a Haussmannian building. The area is 50m2. It has two bedrooms with full beds, one living room with a fold-out futon, a small balcony, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The living room has a big screen TV and a DVD/Blu-Ray player (our movie collection is pretty big and you'll be welcome to help yourself to it). There's unlimited wi-fi everywhere in the flat and it works very well.  The bathroom has a bathtub; the toilet is in the same room. The kitchen has a gas stove, a refrigerator, a freezer, a micro-wave oven. We don't have any washing machine, but there's a very convenient and cheap launderette just down the street (rue des Dames). Linen and towels are provided. We hope to see you soon !	Cute two-bedroom apt. in the typical Parisian Batignolles quarter, an esay to access thriving (website hidden), wi-fi, fully equipped kitchen, sun-filled living room w/ balcony.  Our apartment is located in the typically Parisian neighborhood of Les Batignolles, right at the border between the 8th, 9th and 17th arrondissements, one minute away from metro stations PLACE DE CLICHY, ROME and EUROPE.  The apartment itself is a fifth-floor walk up in a Haussmannian building. The area is 50m2. It has two bedrooms with full beds, one living room with a fold-out futon, a small balcony, a kitchen and a bathroom.  The living room has a big screen TV and a DVD/Blu-Ray player (our movie collection is pretty big and you'll be welcome to help yourself to it). There's unlimited wi-fi everywhere in the flat and it works very well.  The bathroom has a bathtub; the toilet is in the same room. The kitchen has a gas stove, a refrigerator, a freezer, a micro-wave oven. We don't have any washing machine, bu
671		Studio spacieux, décoré dans un style contemporain, Situé en plein cœur de Paris dans le 17ème arrondissement à 10 min à pied de l’Arc de triomphe et des Champs Elysées,  
672	L'appartement est agréable, situé dans un quartier populaire, tout en étant à proximité du quartier des Batignolles, à 10 minutes en métro des Champs Elysées d'unc côté et de Pigalle de l'autre.	Situé rue de la Jonquière, dans le 17arr, ce deux-pièces au 4ème et dernier étage d'une rue au calme est typiquement parisien. Il est composé d'une chambre avec salle de bain et lit double, une cuisine séparée, toute équipée et un joli salon. L'appartement est agréable, situé dans un quartier populaire, tout en étant à proximité du quartier des Batignolles, à 10 minutes en métro des Champs Elysées d'unc côté et de Pigalle de l'autre. L'appartement est facilement accessible en taxi des différents aéroports car situé à proximité de la Porte de Clichy.  Concernant les transports en commun, il est situé à proximité à 3 minutes du RER C et à 5 minutes de la Ligne de métro 13 qui emmène notamment à Champs Elysées, Saint Lazare, Invalides. Une station de Vélib est disponible en bas de l'appartement. Je suis sur Paris la plupart du temps et disponible pour rencontrer en personne les visiteurs. Parisienne depuis le plus jeune age,  n'hésitez pas à me poser vos questions sur le quartier et le re
673		Very beautiful Studio located in Ternes-Courcelles-Monceau area. He s full equipped : Internet; Wifi, TV, Washing machine ( washer dryer ) .
674	Une seule grande pièce compose ce studio mais une petite séparation entre le salon/cuisine et la chambre permet l'intimité.  Prévu pour 2 personnes, le studio peut en accueillir une troisième puisqu'il est équipé d'un confortable canapé-lit 2 places.  Une petite cuisine américaine avec four, frigo, plaques électriques et machine à laver et une baignoire dans la salle de bain avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel complète ce studio!  N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions, nous sommes à votre disposition.	Grand studio de 30m2 au 6ème étage SANS ascenseur mais la vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la Tour Eiffel vous ferons oublier le reste!  Cuisine équipée, baignoire et lit King size vous permettront d'apprécier votre séjour à Paris. Bienvenue à la maison! Une seule grande pièce compose ce studio mais une petite séparation entre le salon/cuisine et la chambre permet l'intimité.  Prévu pour 2 personnes, le studio peut en accueillir une troisième puisqu'il est équipé d'un confortable canapé-lit 2 places.  Une petite cuisine américaine avec four, frigo, plaques électriques et machine à laver et une baignoire dans la salle de bain avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel complète ce studio!  N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions, nous sommes à votre disposition. Vous disposez de l'intégralité de l'appartement en notre absence. Vous cohabiterez donc avec nos affaires mais nous savons vous faire de la place! Je vous accueillerai pour vous faire visiter le studio et vous donner quelques astuces pour son
675	This beautiful 45 sqm loft is located in the Batignolles's neigborhood. 10 mn walking to Pigalle and Montmartre. 5 mn to Champs Élysée by underground (L 13 & L 2) and 10 mn to Opera by Bus (N°66). It is close to transport facilities ( subway and bus) , shops ( drycleaner, super market, bio market, market ....) and a lot of typical french restaurants and coffee . You could also find a lot of gardens around this apartment ( Batignolles 's park and Monceau's park) This apartment is very warm, cosy, it' s your home sweet home ! You will feel like your own apartment ! Wifi in this flat Price includes sheets and towels Good bottle of french wine and cold drinks are available at your arrival + french south specialities to eat with !  A Nespresso machine is available in the apartment with some capsules of coffee  I hope you will enjoy your stay in this apartment ! I m disposal for any questions so contact me !  	This beautiful 45 sqm loft is located in the Batignolles's neigborhood. 10 mn walking to Pigalle and Montmartre. 5 mn to Champs Élysée by underground (L 13 & L 2) and 10 mn to Opera by Bus (N°66). It is close to transport facilities ( subway and bus) , shops ( drycleaner, super market, bio market, market ....) and a lot of typical french restaurants and coffee . You could also find a lot of gardens around this apartment ( Batignolles 's park and Monceau's park) This apartment is very warm, cosy, it' s your home sweet home ! You will feel like your own apartment ! Wifi in this flat Price includes sheets and towels Good bottle of french wine and cold drinks are available at your arrival + french south specialities to eat with !  A Nespresso machine is available in the apartment with some capsules of coffee  I hope you will enjoy your stay in this apartment ! I m disposal for any questions so contact me !  
676	"Charming 35 m2 studio situated at 1min walk of the ""Arc the Triomphe"" and 5 min walk of the ""Champs Elysées"" in a very nice street. The Eiffel tower is at 10 min by the subway.  The neighborhood is lovely, with numerous cafés, restaurants and great shops!  There is the metro station (Charles de Gaulle Etoile) at only 1 min walk. So the whole of Paris is within easy, fast access.   You have a very nice traditional  market (marché Poncelet) where you can shop fresh products, good cheese and great wine. There is 2 rooms not separated with one double bed. It's perfect for a couple! There is an open kitchen fully furnished  and a great bathroom with a washer. We have unlimited wifi, a TV with a nice collection of DVD.  There is a charming old style cheminée. The studio is on the 3rd floor with no lift "	"Charming 35 m2 studio situated at 1min walk of the ""Arc the Triomphe"" and 5 min walk of the ""Champs Elysées"" in a very nice street. The Eiffel tower is at 10 min by the subway.  The neighborhood is lovely, with numerous cafés, restaurants and great shops!  There is the metro station (Charles de Gaulle Etoile) at only 1 min walk. So the whole of Paris is within easy, fast access.   You have a very nice traditional  market (marché Poncelet) where you can shop fresh products, good cheese and great wine. There is 2 rooms not separated with one double bed. It's perfect for a couple! There is an open kitchen fully furnished  and a great bathroom with a washer. We have unlimited wifi, a TV with a nice collection of DVD.  There is a charming old style cheminée. The studio is on the 3rd floor with no lift "
677	un joli studio du 17ème, entièrement équipé, calme, donnant sur une cour.	Studio idéalement placé, calme, à 5min des métros Villiers et Rome. À 15min du Sacré cœur, de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Élysées. À 10min de la Gare St. Lazare. Idéal pour visiter Paris, seul ou à 2 :-) Libre 3 semaines complètes au mois d'aout. un joli studio du 17ème, entièrement équipé, calme, donnant sur une cour. les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble des équipements. Je parle plusieurs langues : français, russe, anglais et roumain Situé à deux pas de Villiers et des Batignolles, c'est un endroit idéal pour sortir boire un verre et manger un morceau après une journée de visite dans la capitale. À 15min du Sacré cœur, de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Élysées. le studio est situé à 5 minutes des stations Villiers (L2 et L3) et Rome (L2). La gare St. Lazare se trouve à 15 minutes (via la L3). IL N'EST PAS PERMIS DE FUMER DANS L'APPARTEMENT Pour les filles voyageant seules, il est possible de partager l'appartement avec moi (il y a 2 lits). La nuit est alors à 45€.
678		Chambre dans un appartement de 70 m2 avec rangements, cuisine toute équipée. Balcon, vu sur Montmartre, grande salle de Bain avec Baignoire. A 20 minutes de Châtelet et 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. Proche commerces. Présence d'un chat.
679		Situé au centre du charmant quartier des Batignolles, ce joli deux pièces tout équipé et confortable vous offre le calme en plein Paris.
680	The apartment is located on the 5th floor and is approx. 33m2 .The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accomodate 4 people: is fully furnished with a double bed, a sofa, bathroom, a dressing, electrical ceramics plates, an oven, a washing and dishwashing machine, a fridge, a kettle, a hair-drier, an iron and ironing board, high speed Wifi Internet, a flat screen TV with hundreds of internationals channels, a DVD player. I provide blankets and towels, as well as free WIFI internet. However, there is a cleaning fee of 24 euros to add to the global price.	"Cosy and warm flat 33m², ideally located 5 min's walk from Arc De Triomphe and ChampsElysées.  New furnished, bright, spacious, this apartment is ideal to discover Paris as tourist by foot. Down the building is ""Ternes"" district, famous market, coffees, and shops. The apartment is located on the 5th floor and is approx. 33m2 .The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accomodate 4 people: is fully furnished with a double bed, a sofa, bathroom, a dressing, electrical ceramics plates, an oven, a washing and dishwashing machine, a fridge, a kettle, a hair-drier, an iron and ironing board, high speed Wifi Internet, a flat screen TV with hundreds of internationals channels, a DVD player. I provide blankets and towels, as well as free WIFI internet. However, there is a cleaning fee of 24 euros to add to the global price. The metro station “Ternes”(ligne 2) is a 5 min walk from the apartment.  The RER A line that serves both Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport and EuroDisney is o"
681	Bel appartement parisien, au coeur du 17ème arrondissement très bien desservi (ligne 2 et ligne 3) à proximité du parc Monceau, de Montmartre et des grands magasins. 62m2, 2 chambres avec lit double et 1 salon avec canapé convertible Calme et entièrement équipé : lave-linge, sèche-linge, mini-four, plaques, ... Here you find a lovely parisian style flat, in the heart of Paris XVII.  Close from the Parc Monceau, Champs Eylsées and Arc de Triomphe (20 min walking) on the one hand and Pigalle, Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (20 min walking) on the other hand, you will enjoy a very good location.  For commodities you will find line 2 and 3 at less than 5 min walking, supermarket, and a very traditionnal outside market every week ends.  The flat itself is very comfortable and calm with two double bed room, bathroom, kitchen and a living room with a 2 person couch.  All in the typicall parisian style with high ceiling, old fireplaces and parquet 	Bel appartement parisien, au coeur du 17ème arrondissement très bien desservi (ligne 2 et ligne 3) à proximité du parc Monceau, de Montmartre et des grands magasins. 62m2, 2 chambres avec lit double et 1 salon avec canapé convertible Calme et entièrement équipé : lave-linge, sèche-linge, mini-four, plaques, ... Here you find a lovely parisian style flat, in the heart of Paris XVII.  Close from the Parc Monceau, Champs Eylsées and Arc de Triomphe (20 min walking) on the one hand and Pigalle, Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur (20 min walking) on the other hand, you will enjoy a very good location.  For commodities you will find line 2 and 3 at less than 5 min walking, supermarket, and a very traditionnal outside market every week ends.  The flat itself is very comfortable and calm with two double bed room, bathroom, kitchen and a living room with a 2 person couch.  All in the typicall parisian style with high ceiling, old fireplaces and parquet 
682	Our apartment is located 120 meters on the 6th and last floor of a small building Haussmann a two minute walk from the Parc Monceau e 50 meters from metro Courcelles. At the entrance, you reach a large room with wooden floors, fireplaces and ceiling moldings, with a balcony that overlooks the Paris rooftops. It feels good in this apartment with a typically Parisian charm.	We like the Parisian charm of this apartment is under the roof and gives off a nice Parisian atmosphere, where it feels good. Ideally located, it allows to enjoy the city and be very quiet when we get back there. Our apartment is located 120 meters on the 6th and last floor of a small building Haussmann a two minute walk from the Parc Monceau e 50 meters from metro Courcelles. At the entrance, you reach a large room with wooden floors, fireplaces and ceiling moldings, with a balcony that overlooks the Paris rooftops. It feels good in this apartment with a typically Parisian charm. Guests have access to the entire apartment: living room, dining room, kitchen, double bedroom with ensuite bathroom and WC, 2 bedrooms with a single bed and a bunk, bathroom with toilet, and possible use of a washing machine and dryer, dishwasher. Internet access and provision of an Imac. We will not be in Paris, but reached by phone in case of problems and our daughter will be in Paris if needed. Our apartme
683	The apartment is located in the Champs-Elysees / Triumph Arc area. The apartment is next to 3 subway stations: Villiers ( lines 2 and 3 ) , Wagram ( line 3 ) , Monceau ( line 2 ) as well as several bus stations ( lines 31, 53 and 94 ) .  The neighborhood is quiet and nice. The apartment is walking distance from an open-air market on Levis street, as well as all convenience stores you may need: supermarkets, bakeries, butcheries, wine stores, bookstores, clothes stores, pharmacies, banks, restaurants, cafés, bars ... The building has an elevator. The apartment is at the 3rd floor and was fully renovated in 2012. I rent 1 room: with a double bed ( 140/190cm )    The kitchen is fully equipped:  oven, a microwave, dishwasher, washing (website hidden) with 50 + channels in the living-room and wireless internet. Feel free to contact me for more information !	The apartment is located in the Champs-Elysees / Triumph Arc area. The apartment is next to 3 subway stations: Villiers ( lines 2 and 3 ) , Wagram ( line 3 ) , Monceau ( line 2 ) as well as several bus stations ( lines 31, 53 and 94 ) .  The neighborhood is quiet and nice. The apartment is walking distance from an open-air market on Levis street, as well as all convenience stores you may need: supermarkets, bakeries, butcheries, wine stores, bookstores, clothes stores, pharmacies, banks, restaurants, cafés, bars ... The building has an elevator. The apartment is at the 3rd floor and was fully renovated in 2012. I rent 1 room: with a double bed ( 140/190cm )    The kitchen is fully equipped:  oven, a microwave, dishwasher, washing (website hidden) with 50 + channels in the living-room and wireless internet. Feel free to contact me for more information !
684	CASA DESMOINES is a small but lovely apartment with lots of charm in a quiet street close to Les Batignolles (17th district).  This 38 m2 one bedroom apartment, located on the 3rd floor of a quiet building, has 1 bedroom with a double bed and a single sofa bed. The living room has a comfortable double sofa bed, a dining table for 5, and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet (free baby bed upon request).  With a very convenient location, it is 150 meters from Metro station Brochant so you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. You will also find many shops, cafes and restaurants in the neighborhood.	CASA DESMOINES is a small but lovely apartment with lots of charm in a quiet street close to Les Batignolles (17th district).  CASA DESMOINES is a small but lovely apartment with lots of charm in a quiet street close to Les Batignolles (17th district).  This 38 m2 one bedroom apartment, located on the 3rd floor of a quiet building, has 1 bedroom with a double bed and a single sofa bed. The living room has a comfortable double sofa bed, a dining table for 5, and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet (free baby bed upon request).  With a very convenient location, it is 150 meters from Metro station Brochant so you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. You will also find many shops, cafes and restaurants in the neighborhood. Batignolles is a fashionable neighborhood outside the city center of Paris. With open air markets, bistros, gardens, and a skate park, Batignolles cultivates a 'cafe atmosphere' with a more bohemian flair. In the 19th century, it served as a base for the painter, Éd
685	A superb apartment, very luminous, exposed south-west , near the park Monceau, and a short walk to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysee. This is a family apartment with all the equipment to discover Paris with your child.  The third floor with lift.  A large dining room, separate kitchen and fitted. A double room with bathroom and a single bedroom.  The apartement is entirely equipped: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, coffe machine, toaster, electric cooker, TV with cable, High speed wireless internet ....  There's 2 bedroom, 1 for parents, 1 for the kids In the apartment :  - A living room sofa, dining table, TV, large windows + a sofa bed  - A bedroom with a large bed for 2 pers 160x190 cm - A bedroom with a babybed 60x120 cm, 1 person bed 90 x190 cm, games, books, DVD  - High quality beds - A bathrom with bath,changing table  - Kitchen full equiped, microwave, oven, washing machine, ketle, coffe machine, toaster  - Heating included  - Sheets and towels provided  My apartment is w	A superb apartment, very luminous, exposed south-west , near the park Monceau, and a short walk to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysee. This is a family apartment with all the equipment to discover Paris with your child.  The third floor with lift.  A large dining room, separate kitchen and fitted. A double room with bathroom and a single bedroom.  The apartement is entirely equipped: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, coffe machine, toaster, electric cooker, TV with cable, High speed wireless internet ....  There's 2 bedroom, 1 for parents, 1 for the kids In the apartment :  - A living room sofa, dining table, TV, large windows + a sofa bed  - A bedroom with a large bed for 2 pers 160x190 cm - A bedroom with a babybed 60x120 cm, 1 person bed 90 x190 cm, games, books, DVD  - High quality beds - A bathrom with bath,changing table  - Kitchen full equiped, microwave, oven, washing machine, ketle, coffe machine, toaster  - Heating included  - Sheets and towels provided  My apartment is w
686	the decoration, the view, the access to one of the best shopping area of Paris	SUPERB 140M2 IN AVENUE DES CHAMPS ELYSEES , INCREDIBLE VIEW TO EIFFEL TOWER, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, GRAND PALAIS...  1 king size bed 160 cm, possibility 4 people  the decoration, the view, the access to one of the best shopping area of Paris un service conciergerie est à votre disposition si vous le souhaitez subway Charles de Gaulle Etoile or Georges V.. many buses station
687	This bright and cosy flat will you immediately feel like home. The flat is situated on the fifth floor (no elevator) in a typical Parisian building. Facing a private courtyard, it is very quiet. As a top floor flat, it is very bright and you have a view of the roofs of Paris.  The appartment is composed of one bed-room (double bed) and one living room with a ranch style kitchen. The bathroom has a shower and a bath tub.   The flat is fully furnished. You will have a kitchen with four hot plates, a toaster, a fridge, an oven, a kettle, a Nespresso coffeemaker and plenty of other utensils that allow you to cook delicious meals.  A washing machine is also available for your use.  There is plenty of storage space in the bedroom to hang your clothes and to put your suitcases.  Bed-linen provided  Towels provided 	Sofa-bed to rent for short term stay in nice appartment behind Montmatre. This bright and cosy flat will you immediately feel like home. The flat is situated on the fifth floor (no elevator) in a typical Parisian building. This bright and cosy flat will you immediately feel like home. The flat is situated on the fifth floor (no elevator) in a typical Parisian building. Facing a private courtyard, it is very quiet. As a top floor flat, it is very bright and you have a view of the roofs of Paris.  The appartment is composed of one bed-room (double bed) and one living room with a ranch style kitchen. The bathroom has a shower and a bath tub.   The flat is fully furnished. You will have a kitchen with four hot plates, a toaster, a fridge, an oven, a kettle, a Nespresso coffeemaker and plenty of other utensils that allow you to cook delicious meals.  A washing machine is also available for your use.  There is plenty of storage space in the bedroom to hang your clothes and to put your suitca
688	The apartment is in a typical parisian building. The neighborhood is home to beautiful,  within an easy walk of the restaurants, groceries and bars and famous Moulin Rouge. There are many delicious bakeries, cheese shops, butchers, and several grocery stores. It is both easy-going and vibrant without being full of tourists. It's served by metro line nombre 2 (Brochant) ideal for business trips, couples, a family and friends holidays.	The apartment is in a typical parisian building. The neighborhood is home to beautiful,  within an easy walk of the restaurants, groceries and bars and famous Moulin Rouge. There are many delicious bakeries, cheese shops, butchers, and several grocery stores. It is both easy-going and vibrant without being full of tourists. It's served by metro line nombre 2 (Brochant) ideal for business trips, couples, a family and friends holidays. The apartment is in a typical parisian building. The neighborhood is home to beautiful,  within an easy walk of the restaurants, groceries and bars and famous Moulin Rouge. There are many delicious bakeries, cheese shops, butchers, and several grocery stores. It is both easy-going and vibrant without being full of tourists. It's served by metro line nombre 2 (Brochant) ideal for business trips, couples, a family and friends holidays.
689	I would be happy to welcome you in my very charming and stylish flat of 50m^2 with a great confortable living room. The flat is at the 2nd floor (no lift), there is a bed for 2 in the bedroom and a sofa bed for 2 others in the livingroom.  Fully supplied with all bedding, towels and wifi. I've got a couple of plants and you'd be so nice to water them if you stay more than 3 days :) Trendy area with the marché des Batignolles at 4 minutes walk, the park des Batignolles at 6 minutes walk. You can fiund any conveniences in the area : super market, pharmacy, bakery, restaurants … The flat is very close to subway (less than 1 minute walk) The 17th arrondissement is perfect for those who want to discover the real Paris where parisians live. It's a safe area with a lot of families, small shops and cafés. Let me know if you have any question !	Lovely flat with a bedroom and a livingroom, very near the subway. A lot of shops in the area including, super markets, restaurants and a lot more. I would be happy to welcome you in my very charming and stylish flat of 50m^2 with a great confortable living room. The flat is at the 2nd floor (no lift), there is a bed for 2 in the bedroom and a sofa bed for 2 others in the livingroom.  Fully supplied with all bedding, towels and wifi. I've got a couple of plants and you'd be so nice to water them if you stay more than 3 days :) Trendy area with the marché des Batignolles at 4 minutes walk, the park des Batignolles at 6 minutes walk. You can fiund any conveniences in the area : super market, pharmacy, bakery, restaurants … The flat is very close to subway (less than 1 minute walk) The 17th arrondissement is perfect for those who want to discover the real Paris where parisians live. It's a safe area with a lot of families, small shops and cafés. Let me know if you have any question !
690	33 M2 with a seperated bedroom and several tidying up.	First floor apartment overlooking the courtyard and freshly renovated, this flat enjoy old style with exposed beams, parquet and mouldings. Fully furnished : Internet, Tv, Washing Machine,  Oven, Microwave, Coffee... Ideal for visiting Paris... 33 M2 with a seperated bedroom and several tidying up. Based in the 17th district (Métro Brochant), my flat is in a quiet street nearby Batignolles and several nice areas (Pigalle/Moulin Rouge : 10 min, Montmatre / Sacré Coeur : 15 min, Champs Elysées : 15 min, Opéra : 20 min, Louvre / Tour Eiffel : 25 min) Julie will welcom you to share tips and good addresses. In the area, you can find many Restaurants, Bistros or Shoppings. The atmosphere is dynamic and lively. Bike station Electrical Car station Bus station Metro station
691	Appartement idéalement placé tout confort	Bel appartement familial 3 chambres cuisine Sdb idéalement placé dans le quartier des Ternes été dans un quartier commerçant très recherché avec ambiance village Appartement idéalement placé tout confort Tout l appartement et confort idéal pour famille Non Quartier village avec marchés et commerçant et accès rapide aux champs élysée et étoile parc monceau Metro ligne 3 et 2 Bus , Rer taxi ...très bien placé Paris intra-muros Tout a pied emplacement idéal pour vivre dans le style Parisien
692		Charming 26 m² studio in the heart of lively Batignolles area. Recently refurbished. Includes entrance with storage space, living room w/ convertible coach, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet. Nice view on bright and green courtyard
693	Double bedroom plus extra one person mattress. I can let bedsheets and towels if requested. Couch, table and kitchen fully furnished	Bedroom with double bed, extra mattress, kitchen, TV, couch.. fully furnished & 1 minute away a Metro stop My flat is walking distance from Pigalle and Montmartre (15-20 minutes) - best being renting a Vélib! Double bedroom plus extra one person mattress. I can let bedsheets and towels if requested. Couch, table and kitchen fully furnished Apartment is 2 minutes away the closest metro stop (Guy Môquet, line 13). 2 buses going Gare de L'est/ Etoile and one to Chatêlet Bikes stations (vélib) in front of the entrance Ligne 13 arrêt Guy Môquet
694	Appartement rénové, décoration chaleureuse et accueillante, tout équipée (wifi, télévision, cuisine équipée)	Dans un très bel immeuble Haussmanien, appartement typiquement parisien, très lumineux, calme et décoré avec gout, 6ème étage avec ascenseur, proche tous commerces (supermarchés, bouchers, boulangeries...), courcelles-parc monceau-champs elysées Appartement rénové, décoration chaleureuse et accueillante, tout équipée (wifi, télévision, cuisine équipée) a 300metres du Parc Monceau, a 50 metres de la rue de Courcelles, a 5 minutes de la Place de l'Etoile et Champs Elysées, tous commerces à proximité immédiate plusieurs lignes de métro
695	The flat is located in a typical old Parisian building, At the fourth floor, just next to a burger pub. This is a modern 5 rooms flat with two big doubled bed bedrooms. The beds are both king size. The flat is very modern and quiet, the kitchen is open to the living room which give a lot of space to the flat. There is a big TV screen, TV channels (even though I don't think you guys came to Paris to watch TV!!) and fully working and powerful wifi! Since I love to cook the kitchen is fully equipped, Italian coffee machine, blender, juicer, water heating cooker!  The bathroom is made of a big shower with a good water pressure, and a washing machine in case you need it!	This beautiful modern typical Parisian fully furnished flat with two bedrooms and two double beds can welcome up to 5 people. It is very central, 1 min from the subway, the neighborhood is awesome, markets, local shops, parks and nice restaurants. The flat is located in a typical old Parisian building, At the fourth floor, just next to a burger pub. This is a modern 5 rooms flat with two big doubled bed bedrooms. The beds are both king size. The flat is very modern and quiet, the kitchen is open to the living room which give a lot of space to the flat. There is a big TV screen, TV channels (even though I don't think you guys came to Paris to watch TV!!) and fully working and powerful wifi! Since I love to cook the kitchen is fully equipped, Italian coffee machine, blender, juicer, water heating cooker!  The bathroom is made of a big shower with a good water pressure, and a washing machine in case you need it! There will be all the needed stuff to have a good time! Hi speed wifi, 1 pers
696	Profitez d'un appartement familial parisien, avec balcon sur parc arboré. Idéal pour profiter pleinement de Paris. L'appartement a été rénové complètement, il y a trois ans. Il est en parfait état, avec parquet et moulures d'époque. Vous disposez de l'internet fibre et wifi, d'une chaine HIFI, d'un écran et lecteur de DVD. Livres, BD, DVD et CD sont à votre disposition ainsi que divers jeux de société. S'il fait frais dehors, une (petite) flambée vous réchauffera ! Environnement très calme, vitrages acoustiques.	Appartement familial (80 m2) dans un immeuble haussmannien typique. Au 6ième étage, avec balcon donnant sur un beau square. Vue dégagée, magnifique sur l'est parisien et Montmartre. Quartier typiquement parisien, tous commerces, métro à deux pas. Profitez d'un appartement familial parisien, avec balcon sur parc arboré. Idéal pour profiter pleinement de Paris. L'appartement a été rénové complètement, il y a trois ans. Il est en parfait état, avec parquet et moulures d'époque. Vous disposez de l'internet fibre et wifi, d'une chaine HIFI, d'un écran et lecteur de DVD. Livres, BD, DVD et CD sont à votre disposition ainsi que divers jeux de société. S'il fait frais dehors, une (petite) flambée vous réchauffera ! Environnement très calme, vitrages acoustiques. Il y a un lit surélevé dans une chambre d'enfant, un lit double dans la chambre des parents et un couchage dans le salon. un matelas peut être ajouté sans problème. Sachez qu'il y a une autre chambre d'enfant, qui n'est pas accessible,
697		Appartement de 34 m2 avec salon et chambre séparée. Deuxième étage. Très calme. Peut loger un couple ou une personne. Proche des Batignolles et de Montmartre. Rue calme et métro à 100m
698	Situated in the vibrant neighbourhood of Batignolles in the 17ème arrondisement, my studio has everything you need for a pleasant stay in the city of lights. The neighbourhood is one of the liveliest in the city with street markets, little parks, bars and restaurants just a moment away.  It is very well connected to many landmarks of the city,  and next to the dreamy Montmartre area. Place de Clichy is a 10 min walk and Gare Saint Lazare, with more than 5 lines that run through it, is 15 min away. If you decide to discover the city by foot, the famous Opera Garnier is only a 2O min walk and only 5 to the roundabout of Arc de Triomphe.     The studio is comprised of a double bed, private bathroom, shower with hot water, a kitchen (hot plates, electric oven and microwave) where you can cook a hot meal after a long day of sightseeing, and a big window that overlooks the haussmannian parisian skyline. 	    Very well located in a vibrant area and close to many metro stations, my petit studio will be the perfect place for people who want to discover Paris.                   Situated in the vibrant neighbourhood of Batignolles in the 17ème arrondisement, my studio has everything you need for a pleasant stay in the city of lights. The neighbourhood is one of the liveliest in the city with street markets, little parks, bars and restaurants just a moment away.  It is very well connected to many landmarks of the city,  and next to the dreamy Montmartre area. Place de Clichy is a 10 min walk and Gare Saint Lazare, with more than 5 lines that run through it, is 15 min away. If you decide to discover the city by foot, the famous Opera Garnier is only a 2O min walk and only 5 to the roundabout of Arc de Triomphe.     The studio is comprised of a double bed, private bathroom, shower with hot water, a kitchen (hot plates, electric oven and microwave) where you can cook a hot meal after a long day
699	This is a nice 2 rooms of 47m2, situated Place des Ternes, 50 meters from the Arc de Triomphe and a 5 min walk from the Champs Elysees. It is located in a old luxury building with gardens and guardian, the bright ground floor overlooking courtyard / garden The apartment consists of an entrance hall, large living room (with flat screen TV, high speed wifi) with possibility to sleep on the couch, and a large bedroom with double bed - linens are provided, The kitchen, with a fridge, microwave, gas hob, electric kettle, toaster, dishes, towels. The bathroom with a shower, hair dryer, towels, towels are also provided. The apartment is fully renovated, all the equipment is new and you will find all the amenities for a perfect stay in Paris! The area is very trendy and pleasant to live. Champs Elysées side you have the restaurants, cinemas, shopping (open on Sundays) museums. Ternes side you have a typical Parisian neighborhood with cafes, bakeries, supermarkets and market Poncelet and shops 	This is a nice 2 rooms of 47m2, situated Place des Ternes, 50 meters from the Arc de Triomphe and a 5 min walk from the Champs Elysees. It is located in a old luxury building with gardens and guardian, the bright ground floor overlooking courtyard / garden The apartment consists of an entrance hall, large living room (with flat screen TV, high speed wifi) with possibility to sleep on the couch, and a large bedroom with double bed - linens are provided, The kitchen, with a fridge, microwave, gas hob, electric kettle, toaster, dishes, towels. The bathroom with a shower, hair dryer, towels, towels are also provided. The apartment is fully renovated, all the equipment is new and you will find all the amenities for a perfect stay in Paris! The area is very trendy and pleasant to live. Champs Elysées side you have the restaurants, cinemas, shopping (open on Sundays) museums. Ternes side you have a typical Parisian neighborhood with cafes, bakeries, supermarkets and market Poncelet and shops 
700		Cosy flat, perfect for a weekend or a few days next to Montmartre and Batignolles.
701	Bienvenue chez vous ! Idéalement situé dans le quartier typiquement parisien des Batignolles, l'appartement se trouve dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Le quartier souvent décrit comme un village est vivant, branché, familial et sûr. Vous y trouverez une vraie vie de quartier, de nombreux restaurants très bons et abordables, des caves à vins, des boutiques, des supermarchés, bref tous les commerces nécessaires. Découvrez aussi les parcs à proximité, magnifiques coins de verdures aux arbres bi-centenaires au sein desquels vous pourrez vous détendre sur la pelouse ou faire un footing. Vous verrez, il fait bon vivre aux Batignolles. Autour de votre futur chez vous, n'hésitez pas à faire un tour: - Rue de Lévis, une rue pavée typique où vous trouverez chaque jour des marchés, des boulangers, fromagers, bouchers, bars, cafés, restaurants, etc. - La rue des Dames avec ses nombreux bars et restaurants - Le sulfureux quartier de Pigalle et son Moulin Rouge - Le célèbre marché Bio des Batignolles 	"Situated in the heart of Batignolles district nicknamed ""Le Village"" by parisians because it's a lively, safe and friendly area, this flat is a perfect home base for your Paris Experience. 2 spacious bedrooms, a living room, full cooking facilities. Bienvenue chez vous ! Idéalement situé dans le quartier typiquement parisien des Batignolles, l'appartement se trouve dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Le quartier souvent décrit comme un village est vivant, branché, familial et sûr. Vous y trouverez une vraie vie de quartier, de nombreux restaurants très bons et abordables, des caves à vins, des boutiques, des supermarchés, bref tous les commerces nécessaires. Découvrez aussi les parcs à proximité, magnifiques coins de verdures aux arbres bi-centenaires au sein desquels vous pourrez vous détendre sur la pelouse ou faire un footing. Vous verrez, il fait bon vivre aux Batignolles. Autour de votre futur chez vous, n'hésitez pas à faire un tour: - Rue de Lévis, une rue pavée typique où vous trouv"
702		Charmant petit appartement tout équipé disponible du 13/02/15 au 02/03/15.petite chambre à coucher avec lit double, TV, salon avec un lit 1 place ,cuisine, salle de bains. 5eme étage appartement très clair et agréable. Proche metro et tout commerces
703	"Typical Parisian apartment for 2 adults in 10-15 minutes of Montmartre. 1 lounge and 1 bedroom. This apartment nicely decorated is perfect for a short or long stay. Situated in the 4th floor, it looks onto one roam very quiet. We shall make everything so that you felt at home. The lounge is equipped with a coffee table, a sofa and a big table for the meals. For the kitchen you will have a refrigerator with freezer, microwave, real oven, equipment of cooking (robot, pressure cooker, press-citrus fruits, blender, toaster, raclette, kettle, etc.) In the bedroom a double bed, a flexible bed for child and a closet. Bathroom with shower, washes linen and tumble-dryer, iron... Placed in the district of ""Batignolles"" you are near  Montmartre (10 minutes) and to the big garden of Batignolles "". Numerous buses and subway stops are very close and in 10 minutes take you for example to the Moulin Rouge, or in 15-20 minutes on the Champs Elysées or even in 10 minutes on the Boulevard Haussman where "	"Typical Parisian apartment for 2 adults in 10-15 minutes of Montmartre. 1 lounge and 1 bedroom. This apartment nicely decorated is perfect for a short or long stay. Situated in the 4th floor, it looks onto one roam very quiet. We shall make everything so that you felt at home. The lounge is equipped with a coffee table, a sofa and a big table for the meals. For the kitchen you will have a refrigerator with freezer, microwave, real oven, equipment of cooking (robot, pressure cooker, press-citrus fruits, blender, toaster, raclette, kettle, etc.) In the bedroom a double bed, a flexible bed for child and a closet. Bathroom with shower, washes linen and tumble-dryer, iron... Placed in the district of ""Batignolles"" you are near  Montmartre (10 minutes) and to the big garden of Batignolles "". Numerous buses and subway stops are very close and in 10 minutes take you for example to the Moulin Rouge, or in 15-20 minutes on the Champs Elysées or even in 10 minutes on the Boulevard Haussman where "
704		Bonjour.  Je loue mon studio pour une durée de 3 semaines du 4 au 24 août 2014.  Le bien est un studio loft d'une superficie de 23m2. Tout équipé, celui ci est placé près du métro brochant, à proximité de tous commerces.  
705		Grande pièce lumineuse, avec un petit balcon donnant  sur rue. situé au 5ème étage, il est idéal pour profiter du soleil tout l'après midi jusqu'au couché. Appart fonctionnel très agréable pour un couple désirant visiter paris.   Restaurant : café de la poste (76 rue damrémont 75018 ) Se balader à Montmartre  et ses alentours Ligne 13 métro Guy Môquet  Bus 81  Bus 31
706	Paris and its mysterious private alleys... Enjoy your stay in the Cité des Fleurs (City of Flowers) and live an all Parisian experience in a charming village in the heart of the XVIIth district, a picturesque, pedestrian, cobblestoned  lane, a haven of peace lined with gardens and villas. Nested in one of the gardens of the Cité des Fleurs, the apartment is located on the third and last floor of a small and typical building. The flat  features a bedroom looking towards the east, a bathroom with toilet and Italian shower, and a living room with a 2 person sofa bed and an open kitchen looking towards the west onto the garden and the City des Fleurs. The kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, induction table, traditional oven and microwave. Fully renovated in August, 2011, all of the equipment is less than a year old. Located in a private, tree-lined street made of small buildings and gardens, the apartment is very quiet, sunny and has no vis-à-vis. We enter the Cité des 	Paris and its mysterious private alleys... Enjoy your stay in the Cité des Fleurs (City of Flowers) and live an all Parisian experience in a charming village in the heart of the XVIIth district, a picturesque, pedestrian, cobblestoned  lane, a haven of peace lined with gardens and villas. Nested in one of the gardens of the Cité des Fleurs, the apartment is located on the third and last floor of a small and typical building. The flat  features a bedroom looking towards the east, a bathroom with toilet and Italian shower, and a living room with a 2 person sofa bed and an open kitchen looking towards the west onto the garden and the City des Fleurs. The kitchen is fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, induction table, traditional oven and microwave. Fully renovated in August, 2011, all of the equipment is less than a year old. Located in a private, tree-lined street made of small buildings and gardens, the apartment is very quiet, sunny and has no vis-à-vis. We enter the Cité des 
707		The apartment is tucked away on a tiny side street in the city. Once inside you will find a bright, well laid out and inviting pied a terre. The apartment has windows on both sides to provide light. This flat is on the first floor, no lift. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. This is le vrai Paris! Ask any Parisian where they would like to live and ultra-chic Monceau will always be on their list- and pourquoi pas? It has everything... Parc Monceau, unknown to most visitors, is just a short stroll away. Built by the Duke of Burgundy in 1769, it became a park in 1860. Since then Monet has painted it, newly weds are photographed amongst its faux Roman and Egyptian ruins, children play, joggers jog, and local residents gather to enjoy the beauty and calm. In addition to the park, you are right at rue de Levis, one of the best year-round street markets in Paris. You can find everything you need for a picnic,
708		45 m2 avec une grande chambre, salle de bain baignoire, cuisine équipé et grand salon avec canapé lit. Appartement lumineux et cosy avec balcon. Proche batignolle/montmartre/clichy.
709	Passage privé	2 independant rooms, pure Montmartre style, very quiet, 20m Metro, small but every thing you need, great for your sightseeing trip
710	Experience living in the authentic Parisian neighbourhood of Les Batignolles: after a day spent shopping or museum hopping, try out the many cafés and wine bars. Enjoy a meal in the local gourmet restaurants or bring home fresh products from the Batignolles Organic Market to enjoy a romantic candlelit dinner at home. Your short-term Paris apartment will provide you with much more than a luxury hotel, bed & breakfast, or most self-catering accommodations. When you open the door you will appreciate the atmosphere and above all the peace, quiet and privacy. Skilfully renovated by an architect, it has a well-equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower (separate WC) and comfortably sleeps two people. A short stroll and you’re in Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur. Your vacation apartment is well served by metro and buses and within minutes you’ll be enjoying the Champs Elysées or taking a romantic walk by the Seine. Or try out the  Velib, the cyclist’s way of discovering Paris. 	Live like a Parisian! Overlooking a leafy courtyard and situated on the 3rd floor of a building in the Batignolles district, this cosy well-equipped apartment comfortably sleeps 2 people and is the perfect base from which to explore all of Paris. Experience living in the authentic Parisian neighbourhood of Les Batignolles: after a day spent shopping or museum hopping, try out the many cafés and wine bars. Enjoy a meal in the local gourmet restaurants or bring home fresh products from the Batignolles Organic Market to enjoy a romantic candlelit dinner at home. Your short-term Paris apartment will provide you with much more than a luxury hotel, bed & breakfast, or most self-catering accommodations. When you open the door you will appreciate the atmosphere and above all the peace, quiet and privacy. Skilfully renovated by an architect, it has a well-equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower (separate WC) and comfortably sleeps two people. A short stroll and you’re in Montmartre and the Sacre
711	Welcome to a typical parisian apartment! Our flat is lovely and cosy.The neighborhood is also typically parisian. A lot of little shops, wine bars, cafés , brunches, fish markets, farmers markets, boulangerie... It is very central. The famous Champs Elysées, Opéra, Montmartre and Grands Magasins will be within 15 minutes walk. You are in the perfect area to discover Paris! The flat can host 5 persons (family friendly!) : 1 kitchen is fully equipped with kettle, coffee maker, toaster, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, oven and vitro-ceramic stove and good bottle of wine in the fridge! 1 bedroom offers a queen size bed and a flat screenTV  The second bedroom offers a sofa-bed (double bed) and  a full closet where you can store your clothes so you (email hidden) the living room, the large sofa can easily be used as a bed for additional person. you will also find a flat screen TV with cable channels and wifi internet.  We are looking forward to welcoming you in our home. Best regards, Florence 	Perfect area to discover Paris! Welcome to a typical parisian apartment! Our flat is lovely and cosy.The neighborhood is also typically parisian. A lot of little shops, wine bars, cafés , brunches, fish markets, farmers markets, boulangerie... It is very central. The famous Champs Elysées, Opéra, Montmartre and Grands Magasins will be within 15 minutes walk. You are in the perfect area to discover Paris! The flat can host 5 persons (family friendly!) : 1 kitchen is fully equipped with kettle, coffee maker, toaster, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, oven and vitro-ceramic stove and good bottle of wine in the fridge! 1 bedroom offers a queen size bed and a flat screenTV  The second bedroom offers a sofa-bed (double bed) and  a full closet where you can store your clothes so you (email hidden) the living room, the large sofa can easily be used as a bed for additional person. you will also find a flat screen TV with cable channels and wifi internet.  We are looking forward to welcoming you in o
712	4 rooms (dining, living, 2 bedrooms) + WC separated from bathroom	"Located in the trendy Batignolles (2beds ; 2nd one is a double convertible), this flat is at 5min from Montmartre and 2min from tube station. Nice US kitchen. Ideal for couples Late check out  4 rooms (dining, living, 2 bedrooms) + WC separated from bathroom Internet, telephone  You will find many good restaurants in the trendy ""Rue des Dames"" and all the services you could need (wine store, supermarket, kiosk) in less than 2min   2min from Place de Clichy Station 3min from La Fourche Station 3 min from Rome Station 8 min from Liège Station 11 min from St Lazare Station Late check out possible if you leave in the afternoon. "
713		Spacieux studio de 29 m2 très lumineux (4 fenêtres !), douillet, plein de charme. Rue calme, entre Guy Mocquet et les Batignolles. Grand lit + Canapé lit. Idéal pour couple ou couple + enfant(s). Proche de 2 métros, bus et nombreux commerces. 
714		Charmant appartement familial proche du quartier des Batignolles. Composé d'un double séjour avec cuisine intégré, une suite parentale, une chambre dortoir pour les familles nombreuses, une salle de jeu, 1 salle de bain et 1 salle d'eau. M° brochant.
715	Nice full furnished rooftop flat in the center of Paris. Capacity for 5 persons. 2 TV Wifi  Wii et jeux de wii closed to Montmatre and metro 	Nice full furnished rooftop flat in the center of Paris. Capacity for 5 persons. 2 TV Wifi  Wii et jeux de wii closed to Montmatre and metro 
716		Bel appartement de 40 m2. Composé de deux pièces principales, grande cuisine équipée et grande salle de bain avec baignoire. Situé dans le 17ième entre les métro Wagram et Pereire. Appartement de charme pouvant accueillir largement 2 personnes. 
717		Appartement calme , situé près du Parc Monceau et des Champs Elysées  Surface : 65 m2  Premier étage  Etat neuf . Proximité de commerces et restaurant Bus,métro taxi
718	Mon studio est situé dans l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris: les Batignolles. A deux pas du fameux square des Batignolles, et du Parc Martin Luther King ; le studio est également proche des Galeries Lafayette ; et des meilleurs quartiers de la fête pour la plupart desservis par la ligne 2.  Le temps de votre séjour, l'ensemble de mon studio vous appartient.  Je suis actuellement en échange universitaire à Pittsburgh, d'où la grande disponibilité de mon studio. Néanmoins, ma soeur et ma meilleure amie sont toujours disponible pour vous rendre service en cas de besoin.  J'aime être située entre les beaux quartiers et les quartiers populaires. J'aime la tranquillité de ma rue. J'aime les commerçants et restaurateurs accueillants autour de chez moi. J'aime la rue de Lévis. J'aime les Batignolles.  Transilien L, Bus 53 et 66, Metro 13, 2 et 3, parking vinci Pont Cardinet, stations vélib. Laverie en bas de l'immeuble. Yurong sushi + Domino's Pizza à proximité si vous n'avez pas envie de	Studio de 15m2, très bien agencé, dans le 17ème (entre le métro Villiers et la Gare de Pont Cardinet). Tout équipé: kitchenette, box internet, TV, station iPod/iPhone, rangements spacieux... Les WC sont sur le palier mais privatifs (fermés à clé).  CHECKIN BETWEEN 6pm and 9pm CHECKOUT BEFORE NOON Mon studio est situé dans l'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris: les Batignolles. A deux pas du fameux square des Batignolles, et du Parc Martin Luther King ; le studio est également proche des Galeries Lafayette ; et des meilleurs quartiers de la fête pour la plupart desservis par la ligne 2.  Le temps de votre séjour, l'ensemble de mon studio vous appartient.  Je suis actuellement en échange universitaire à Pittsburgh, d'où la grande disponibilité de mon studio. Néanmoins, ma soeur et ma meilleure amie sont toujours disponible pour vous rendre service en cas de besoin.  J'aime être située entre les beaux quartiers et les quartiers populaires. J'aime la tranquillité de ma rue. J'aime les com
719	This studio is located on the 6th floor of a residential building, directly accessible by the elevator. The living room of the studio consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a corner office. It is very bright thanks to its large window. You will also find the separate kitchen, opened on the living room with a bar and a high little sofa. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The mezzanine offers a 140 cm double bed.	This charming studio with a sober and elegant decoration has a optimized arrangement and provides a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Located near the Parc Monceau, this studio provides all the necessary comfort. This studio is located on the 6th floor of a residential building, directly accessible by the elevator. The living room of the studio consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV and a corner office. It is very bright thanks to its large window. You will also find the separate kitchen, opened on the living room with a bar and a high little sofa. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The mezzanine offers a 140 cm double bed. Symbol of the Baron Haussmann’s work, the Plaine Monceau gathers the most elegant town houses built at the end of the 19th century. You will not want to miss the famous museum Jacquemart and the elegant museum “Nissim de camondo”. The charming Parc Monceau, made as a cabinet of curiosities, is a peaceful place for runn
720	The original design and the tranquility of the apartment. for august, the only possibity to book the appartment is for two weeks. 	12 minutes walk from champs elyséesThis is an artist's studio carefully decorated in the  style of Italy 60's. A large glass illuminates the living room and offers a view in the sky and old houses without streets and cars !close to the Porte Maillot. The original design and the tranquility of the apartment. for august, the only possibity to book the appartment is for two weeks. Métro ligne 1 : Station porte Maillot RER: C Conseils de restaurants ! Le grand nombre de bons restaurants ! Métro ligne 1 Métro ligne 2 RER C
721	Our comfortable 52 sqm flat is located at the 3th floor of a recent high standing building with elevator. It is composed of a living room which will be reserved to you, a fully equipped  kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a separate toilet. There is one comfortable fold-down bed in the living room, which is 140x190 cm.	We offer a large fully private room in our apartment. The room is nicely decorated, has a comfortable fold-down sofa, bookshelves with books in various languages, flat screen TV, WIFI. Free access to our fully equipped kitchen. Shared bathroom. Our comfortable 52 sqm flat is located at the 3th floor of a recent high standing building with elevator. It is composed of a living room which will be reserved to you, a fully equipped  kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a separate toilet. There is one comfortable fold-down bed in the living room, which is 140x190 cm. The living room wil be you reserverd space. You will have access to the whole apartment and can of course use the  washing-machine if you need to. We will also have sheets and towels ready for you, as well as breakfast basics (tea, coffee, salt, pepper, oil and co...). Unfortunately we can't welcome pets and smoking is not allowed. We would be pleased to provide you with our tips and suggestions so that you can get 
722		-40 m² renovated this year -2 balconies with a nice view -Bathroom with a spa size bath -Bright living room with an open kitchen -Cosy bedroom with a large bed -Very close to metro and bus -Close to Champs-Elysées (5min by car, 20min by walking)
723	"B Parisian and enjoy a new apartment building that was designed in accordance with the new French ""environmentally safe"" regulations which include solar heating, toxic free paint, under floor heating system, and double glazed windows.   The ample interior of the apartment was professionally designed and decorated. As you enter the studio, the wall is covered with a VOC free decorative stone known as Pierre d' Afrique. The floors are of a light colored wood. There is an American style open kitchen and a large tiled bathroom. The French doors leading to the balcony offer proper Parisian views, including of the adjacent park and of the top of the Eiffel Tower. The building is extremely safe as it is gated, a security code is required for entry and each unit is equipped with a security camera. This properly appointed studio allows for stays extending from one week to several months in one of the most beautiful, artsy, colorful and enjoyable village like neighborhoods in the city of Paris. "	"A true Parisian experience with the highest level of luxury and modern comfort. This eco-friendly, new and bright studio measures 350 feet and is located on the second floor of a newly constructed building with elevator and balcony. B Parisian and enjoy a new apartment building that was designed in accordance with the new French ""environmentally safe"" regulations which include solar heating, toxic free paint, under floor heating system, and double glazed windows.   The ample interior of the apartment was professionally designed and decorated. As you enter the studio, the wall is covered with a VOC free decorative stone known as Pierre d' Afrique. The floors are of a light colored wood. There is an American style open kitchen and a large tiled bathroom. The French doors leading to the balcony offer proper Parisian views, including of the adjacent park and of the top of the Eiffel Tower. The building is extremely safe as it is gated, a security code is required for entry and each unit is"
724		Appartement 3 pièces de 50m2 idéalement situé en plein coeur du quartier des ternes. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Proche transport en commun, Champs-Elysées / Arc de Triomphe. N'hésitez pas à me contacter si vous souhaitez plus d'informations.
725	You will feel at home in our appartment. Feel free to use the TV, DVD player, cable channels. We provide fresh sheets and fresh towels, as well as shampoo and shower gel.	"Our place is a typical parisian appartment : wooden parquet floors, marble fireplaces, ornate moldings,  floor-length windows. You will enjoy one bedroom, our large living room, fully equiped kitchen and bathroom, while we are away. You will feel at home in our appartment. Feel free to use the TV, DVD player, cable channels. We provide fresh sheets and fresh towels, as well as shampoo and shower gel. You can use the living room, the bathroom, the kitchen and the restroom. We will be very happy to help you with any question you have regarding Paris, the neibourhood, restaurants suggestions etc. Family friendly neighborhood, trendy bars and restaurants, nice parks, cool shops. Our place is very close to the metro station ""Brochant"" (Line 13), taking you to Saint Lazare; and several buses : 66 to Opéra de Paris, 31 to L'arc de Triomphe and Champs-Elysées, 54 to Montmartre, 74 to Le musée du Louvre. Check-in time will have to be planned as we both work during day time. We can lend you a ha"
726		A 30 s du Métro Courcelles. Idéalement placé pour découvrir Paris : ligne 2 direct vers Montmartre, les Champs-Elysées à pied. Proche du Parc Monceau pour flâner entre deux balades. Grande pièce à vivre lumineuse et le confort pour un séjour réussi. Metro : ligne 2 station Courcelles; ligne 3 station Wagram.
727	Studio dans un ancien bâtiment à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, avec tous les commerces à proximité, des cafés et des boutiques, parfait pour découvrir Paris !	15-minute walk to get to Porte Maillot and buses to the Beauvais airport, convenient for early departures and late arrivals 
728	quartier tres agréable et calme, rue larges , Etoile et Champs Elysee à 20mn a pied	chambre claire dans appartement calme ou habitent la propriétaire et deux jeunes filles salariées. convivialité, respect, calme et discretion. bonne humeur! 15mn a pieds de l'etoile, metro wagram au coin, tous commerces, parc Monceau a proximité quartier tres agréable et calme, rue larges , Etoile et Champs Elysee à 20mn a pied possibilite d'avoir acces a la TV lorsque le propriétaire est absent, (presque tout juillet aout) accueil et conseils à l'arrivée tous les commerces et les marchés sont à proximite bus et metro au coin de la rue
729	Au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un magnifique immeuble Haussmannien, avec douche, vaisselle, micro-ondes, frigo, draps inclus. deux WC sont sur le palier, mais d'une grande propreté (nettoyés tous les jours)	Charmante chambre de bonne sous les toits parisiens, idéalement placée, à deux pas de la Place des Ternes et de l'Arc de Triomphe. Cette studette vous ravira pour un séjour dans la capitale. Équipée d'un piano, douche, frigo, micro-ondes etc... Au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un magnifique immeuble Haussmannien, avec douche, vaisselle, micro-ondes, frigo, draps inclus. deux WC sont sur le palier, mais d'une grande propreté (nettoyés tous les jours) Étant basé à Paris, je pourrai répondre à vos demande, ou questions tout au long de votre séjour. Situé entre la Place Pereire, et la place des Ternes, dans une rue perpendiculaire à l'Avenue de Wagram, au cœur du XVIIème arrondissement, cette Chambre est idéalement placée. Quartier typique de Paris, à deux pas de tout les monuments rive droite. Pour un bol d'air, à deux arrêts de métro se trouve le Parc Monceau ... Métro ligne 3 (à 4 min à pieds) Métro ligne 2 (à 5min à pieds) RER C (à 4min à pieds) Nombreux bus passant à proximité
730	"The location: The apartment is very well-situated in the lively very authentic parisian caracter 17th District. Very convenient and safe location close to everything.  - Next to metro Place de Clichy, La fourche, Rome  - Bus 66,81,95 - Train stations St Lazare is very close - Velib station (bikes in common share around Paris) Around the corner you will find: -Rue Legendre, a very beautiful and lively street with  a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair salons, bars, wine shops, cafés, restaurants, etc.  -The famous Batignolles organic market on Saturdays (9 a.m. to 2 p.m.).  - Rue des Dames, a famous bar strip In a walking distance you will find: - Pigalle, the parisian ""redlight zone"" (Moulin Rouge)  - The vibrant Place de Clichy  - The picturesque Montmartre quarter.  - the Opera Garnier - great shopping area, and  the Galerie Lafayette ! The apartment : It is a modern style and spacious 60 m2 (645 ft2) (website hidden) is located on the third floor with a modern elevator lift. This apartm"	"The location: The apartment is very well-situated in the lively very authentic parisian caracter 17th District. Very convenient and safe location close to everything.  - Next to metro Place de Clichy, La fourche, Rome  - Bus 66,81,95 - Train stations St Lazare is very close - Velib station (bikes in common share around Paris) Around the corner you will find: -Rue Legendre, a very beautiful and lively street with  a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair salons, bars, wine shops, cafés, restaurants, etc.  -The famous Batignolles organic market on Saturdays (9 a.m. to 2 p.m.).  - Rue des Dames, a famous bar strip In a walking distance you will find: - Pigalle, the parisian ""redlight zone"" (Moulin Rouge)  - The vibrant Place de Clichy  - The picturesque Montmartre quarter.  - the Opera Garnier - great shopping area, and  the Galerie Lafayette ! The apartment : It is a modern style and spacious 60 m2 (645 ft2) (website hidden) is located on the third floor with a modern elevator lift. This apartm"
731		Newly renovated apartment of 30 sq m, very bright, overlooking courtyard, located in the 17th arrondissement, Metro Guy Moquet Appartement 2 pièces fraîchement rénové, 30m2, très lumineux, donnant sur cour calme, Paris 17e, Metro Guy Moquet Very quiet and pleasant area, with a lot of typical french bars and restaurants Apartment very close from 2 subway stations (Guy Moquet and Brochant, line 13)
732	Les Batignolles is a quiet and accessible place, if it's too late for the subway you can still ride a Vélib or take a cab to come back.	"If you want to share about your culture and ours, you're in the right place. You will be receive in our living room (I'm personnaly used to take naps on the sofa, it's confortable). Les Batignolles is a quiet and accessible place, if it's too late for the subway you can still ride a Vélib or take a cab to come back. You can use the kitchen and the dish washer. I can cook you a french breakfast (croissant, baguette with jam, orange juice and coffee) for 2€/pers.  The washing machine is at your disposal on demand. We supply you towels, shampoo and soap just as a real hotel room ;-) No need to buy a city guide, we have the routard at home and we can help you to find lovely places to visit. Subway 13 station ""Brochant"" at 5min. RER C ""Porte de Clichy"" at 10min. Many Vélibs station (Bike), busses, and even a train station ""Pont Cardinet"" at less than 5min. We have maps at home, feel free to ask us your direction. We have a cat, Leston 8 years old. Sorry if you are allergique. He stays in ou"
733	Charmant appartement lumineux de 30 m² au 3ème étage avec une chambre (un lit double) et un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable. La chambre donne sur une cour au calme et au soleil. Le salon est chaleureux et convivial, la cuisine est ouverte avec un bar . La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et d'un évier. La cuisine est tout équipée (sauf lave-vaiselle). L'appartement est idéalement situé dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris à deux pas  du Square des Batignolles et proche de Montmartre. A deux pas de l'appartement, la rue Legendre et la rue des Dames regorgent de bars et de restaurants très conviviaux. Le quartier est idéalement desservi par les bus et le métro (ligne 2 métro Rome et ligne 3 métro Villiers). Le quartier des Batignolles est un petit village au coeur de Paris qui vous fera découvrir l'esprit de cette ville si particulière. Nous adorons notre quartier et vous invitons à venir le découvrir vous aussi.	Je vous propose mon joli deux pièces dans le coeur des Batignolles, idéalement situé entre la rue de Levis, la rue des Dames et la rue de Rome et à quelques minutes seulement de la Place de Clichy, Pigalle et Montmartre Charmant appartement lumineux de 30 m² au 3ème étage avec une chambre (un lit double) et un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable. La chambre donne sur une cour au calme et au soleil. Le salon est chaleureux et convivial, la cuisine est ouverte avec un bar . La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et d'un évier. La cuisine est tout équipée (sauf lave-vaiselle). L'appartement est idéalement situé dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris à deux pas  du Square des Batignolles et proche de Montmartre. A deux pas de l'appartement, la rue Legendre et la rue des Dames regorgent de bars et de restaurants très conviviaux. Le quartier est idéalement desservi par les bus et le métro (ligne 2 métro Rome et ligne 3 métro Villiers). Le quartier des Batignolles est un petit village
734		This is a gorgeous flat minutes away from Etoile, a perfect point of departure for most itinerary in Paris. You can walk to Place de la Concorde, walk to the Louvre, hop on the minibus to Louis Vuitton Foundation, and of course walk the Champs!
735	Our beloved apartment has stylish, warm & sunny living room furnished with art and designers items. All newly renovated by an architect in January 2014. The sofa can be turned into a comfy bed.  The open kitchen is brand new and very well equipped so you can cook your food if you like. Dining: up to 4 people.  The bedroom is sunny as well and has a master bed with nice duvet, full size mirror, and space for your clothes and luggage.  The renovated bathroom offers spacious rainfall shower. We take care of our guests and prepare clean towels, hair dryer, shower gel so you feel immediately home.  Separated toilets.  Guests can enjoy private south-facing balcony with lots of plants: perfect place for sunny morning coffee or aperitivo! Our building is quiet, and has its own unique atmosphere and charm. The apartment is on the 2nd (last) floor. Neighbors are friendly and respectful (we ask the same). There is a free WIFI for use, guidebooks available and lots of artwork to enjoy. Suitable fo	Our beloved apartment has stylish, warm & sunny living room furnished with art and designers items. All newly renovated by an architect in January 2014. The sofa can be turned into a comfy bed.  The open kitchen is brand new and very well equipped so Our beloved apartment has stylish, warm & sunny living room furnished with art and designers items. All newly renovated by an architect in January 2014. The sofa can be turned into a comfy bed.  The open kitchen is brand new and very well equipped so you can cook your food if you like. Dining: up to 4 people.  The bedroom is sunny as well and has a master bed with nice duvet, full size mirror, and space for your clothes and luggage.  The renovated bathroom offers spacious rainfall shower. We take care of our guests and prepare clean towels, hair dryer, shower gel so you feel immediately home.  Separated toilets.  Guests can enjoy private south-facing balcony with lots of plants: perfect place for sunny morning coffee or aperitivo! Our buil
736	"A modern, luminous and cosy apartment of 75m² located near the Arc the Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. Ideally, the apt is for 2 as there is only one bedroom, but a large sofa bed in the living room can welcome 2 more guests :) The apartment is very comfortable and ideally located  In the apt, you'll find what you need for a good French breakfast :) Hope you'll like your stay! Don't hesitate to contact me for more questions ! I have many suggestions, but you'll find them in the apt where I'll leave a note :) The closest transport stations are the following. At 5 min walking : - subway station ""Ternes"" line 2 - subway station ""Pereire"" line 3 At 10 min walking : - ""Charles de Gaulle-Etoile"" subway lines 1,2,6 + RER A + Air France shuttles bus stop (from/to Roissy CDG and Orly airports) If you don't want or can't walk 10 minutes from ""Charles de Gaulle-Etoile"", you can take on the avenue Mac Mahon (just behind the avenue Carnot Airport Shuttles stop) the bus n°92. The bus stop near the "	"A modern, luminous and cosy apartment of 75m² located near the Arc the Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. Ideally, the apt is for 2 as there is only one bedroom, but a large sofa bed in the living room can welcome 2 more guests :) The apartment is very comfortable and ideally located  In the apt, you'll find what you need for a good French breakfast :) Hope you'll like your stay! Don't hesitate to contact me for more questions ! I have many suggestions, but you'll find them in the apt where I'll leave a note :) The closest transport stations are the following. At 5 min walking : - subway station ""Ternes"" line 2 - subway station ""Pereire"" line 3 At 10 min walking : - ""Charles de Gaulle-Etoile"" subway lines 1,2,6 + RER A + Air France shuttles bus stop (from/to Roissy CDG and Orly airports) If you don't want or can't walk 10 minutes from ""Charles de Gaulle-Etoile"", you can take on the avenue Mac Mahon (just behind the avenue Carnot Airport Shuttles stop) the bus n°92. The bus stop near the "
737		PARIS 8ème A deux pas des Champs Elysées et l'arc de Triomp Dans imm bourgeois au 7ème ét avec ascenseur : chambre 11 m2 avec douche et WC intérieurs, tout équipée : nbreux rangements, TV – DVD, micro ondes, frigo, balcon plein sud.
738	I live in this apartment so you will have all the necessary for you to feel at home and it is perfectly located near from Grand Magasins, Champs-Elysées and nice restaurants in Batignolles.	"Welcome in Paris! You will enjoy my apartment that is perfectly located and includes bedroom with 2-people comfortable bed, living room with TV, private wooden terrace in courtyard and separated kitchen, bathroom and WC. I live in this apartment so you will have all the necessary for you to feel at home and it is perfectly located near from Grand Magasins, Champs-Elysées and nice restaurants in Batignolles. You will have access to all I have when I'm living here: TV, Internet, Wifi. I will be there to present you what you will have access to and to give you details on how things work. More, I will give you tips about the area and transports. I really like my neighbourhood that is like a village: nice boutiques and delicatessen, French  typical restaurants and bars in Batignolles and parks where you can walk out and run. You can arrive by metro, by bus and by train because the railway station ""Saint Lazare"" is two minutes left from ""Pont Cardinet""."
739		Chambre de bonne (10m2) sous les toits au 6ème étage (ascenseur). Kitchenette, frigo, douche, lit double et rangements.  Little charming flat (10sqm) under the roof at floor 6 (elevator). Little kitchen, fridge, shower, double bed and storage. Sans danger, calme, et près de tout ! Safe, calm, and near from everything ! Metro lines: - 3 (station Pereire, 5 minutes) - 2 (station Ternes, 5 minutes) - 1 (station Charles de Gaulles Etoile or Porte maillot, 10 minutes).
740	Very functional apartment for two people is ideally located 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the Palais des Congres.	    Renovated studio 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe , the luxury boutiques of the Champs Elysees and the Palais des Congrès in Paris. Very functional apartment , ideally located . Neighborhood nice and ideal.    Very functional apartment for two people is ideally located 2 steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the Palais des Congres. - Cooking Plate - Refrigerator - Shower and WC - Wifi - Hair dryer and Iron - Bed linen and towels We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the keys. Nice and ideally located 10 minutes walk from the most famous avenue that is the Champs- Elysées, a symbolic place in Paris . In this area you will have available bars, all kinds of restaurants, nightclubs, supermarkets, department stores ... but also small traditional markets (cheese , vegetable , ...) -Line 3, station Pereire : Les Grans magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette), Le Canal Saint Martin, Le cimetière Père Lachaise, Gare Saint Lazare, Roissy Bus (Opéra), Gare international Galli
741	Grand appartement de 70 m2 récemment rénové avec une grande salle à manger avec cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, un grand salon avec un canapé qui peut devenir un lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire et deux chambres, avec chacune un vrai lit double. Il est au 6e étage avec ascenseur et est très lumineux. Belle vue sur les toits de Paris.  L'appartement est parfait pour une famille qui voudrait découvrir la vie parisienne! Il est très fonctionnel, et très bien relié au centre (Gare Saint Lazare à 10 minutes en métro, Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées à 15 minutes à pied, Parc Monceau à 5 minutes à pied, Sacré Coeur et Montmartre à 20 minutes à pied et 10 minutes en métro, Centre de Paris à 30 minutes de métro) Big flat (70m2) which was recently renovated. There is a big dining room with fully equiped kitchen, a big living room with a couch you can turn into a bed, a bathroom with a real bath, two rooms with in each a double bed. The flat is on the sixth floor (there's an elevat	Appartement très confortable avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Nice and comfortable apartment with a view on parisian roofs. Grand appartement de 70 m2 récemment rénové avec une grande salle à manger avec cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, un grand salon avec un canapé qui peut devenir un lit, une salle de bain avec baignoire et deux chambres, avec chacune un vrai lit double. Il est au 6e étage avec ascenseur et est très lumineux. Belle vue sur les toits de Paris.  L'appartement est parfait pour une famille qui voudrait découvrir la vie parisienne! Il est très fonctionnel, et très bien relié au centre (Gare Saint Lazare à 10 minutes en métro, Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées à 15 minutes à pied, Parc Monceau à 5 minutes à pied, Sacré Coeur et Montmartre à 20 minutes à pied et 10 minutes en métro, Centre de Paris à 30 minutes de métro) Big flat (70m2) which was recently renovated. There is a big dining room with fully equiped kitchen, a big living room with a couch you can turn int
742	par sa décoration personnalisée et chaleureuse ,son confort ,sa position dans une petite rue très parisienne et tranquille ,son accès immédiat à une zone réputée très commerçante la rue Levis et sa position centrale qui est toujours proche des lieux de culture de promenades	Enjoy the view from the terrasse on the Paris roofs in a very shinny and charming flat on the center of Paris. Close from the Parc Monceau, Champs Elysées and access to a famous market street just downstairs (Levy street).  Metro: Villiers (lign 3) Minimum 4 days stay
743	Exceptional location between  Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Ternes area. My apartement  was recently renovated and decorated in contemporary style, situated on ground floor of a nice and secure building with concierge. This one bedroom apartment will comfortably accomodate 2 people (+ 1 children).  You'll also enjoy having the Avenue des Champs Elysees, with all its restaurants, cinemas and all kinds of shops at your door. All public transports will allow you to go easily and quickly everywhere in Paris  The large living room is fournished with a double sofa ( posibility to slepp on for a children), a flat screen TV, high speed internet , a charming fireplace  and a dining table for 4 persons close to the kitchen/bar who is fully equipped with many cupboards, a washer dryer,a fridge, electric plates, microwave, and all the necessary kitchenware. The bedroom includes a double bed, a closet and 2 bedside tables. The bathroom is equipped with a large shower, a sink. (toilet is separa	Exceptional location between  Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Ternes area. My apartement  was recently renovated and decorated in contemporary style, situated on ground floor of a nice and secure building with concierge. This one bedroom apartment will comfortably accomodate 2 people (+ 1 children).  You'll also enjoy having the Avenue des Champs Elysees, with all its restaurants, cinemas and all kinds of shops at your door. All public transports will allow you to go easily and quickly everywhere in Paris  The large living room is fournished with a double sofa ( posibility to slepp on for a children), a flat screen TV, high speed internet , a charming fireplace  and a dining table for 4 persons close to the kitchen/bar who is fully equipped with many cupboards, a washer dryer,a fridge, electric plates, microwave, and all the necessary kitchenware. The bedroom includes a double bed, a closet and 2 bedside tables. The bathroom is equipped with a large shower, a sink. (toilet is separa
744	l'appartement est beaucoup plus grand qu'il n'y paraît sur les photos et que la preuve que je suis un mauvais photographe :) mais je pense que je suis un bon hôte.	Charmant deux pièces lumineux de 42m dans un quartier animé proche Montmartre et Batignolles. Entièrement équipé sauf d'une machine à laver mais pas de panique, laverie à 2 min!!!! Proximité Metro et bus desservant le centre et quartiers touristiques. l'appartement est beaucoup plus grand qu'il n'y paraît sur les photos et que la preuve que je suis un mauvais photographe :) mais je pense que je suis un bon hôte. vous avez tout l'appartement que vous pouvez utiliser, WC, cuisine, salle de bains, chambre et salle de séjour. Si je suis à Paris pendant la période de votre résidence. je serais ravi de vous inviter pour boire un verre et vous montrer le quartier. Si je ne suis pas là mes voisins sont des amis très proches et ils peuvent vous aider si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit. très proche de centre  à pied du Montmartre, une des plus belles vues de Paris Sacré-Cœur à pied du Pigalle une très belle et touristique zone :) quartier très animé, Mais aussi calme avec une très belle arc
745		This 1st floor apartment (no lift) is situated on the second half of Rue de Levis. The first part of the street is predominately a French market. It sells everything from fruit and vegetables through to DVD’s, books, linen, furniture and clothing.  Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Situated in the 17th arrondisment of Paris, this is a diverse area made up of many small neighbourhoods. The apartment itself is on the rue de Levis with a permanent market taking up the first half of the street. You will find it hard to believe you are in a central Paris location when the small village atmosphere of real Paris as the Parisians know it greets you. The apartment is conveniently located within easy walking distance of the Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees and the beautiful Parc Monceau. Metro Villiers, the closest station to the apartment, is a short ride to the Montmartre area with its Basilica Sacre Coeur, th
746	A charming, quiet and very sunnyflat.  No smoking apt. Well isolated, the apt is located in a very calm street just closed to the Arc de Triomphe / Etoile Place (about 300m away ). Situated Rue Villaret de Joyeuse, in one of the most exclusive and lovely area of Paris. Super close to everything you need...metro, markets, cafes, banks, and monuments! There are many very good restaurants, many shops and a typical french market in the close neighborhood. This really cute, comfortable, typical and modern apartment is on the 6th and last floor of a building with a entrance secured with a digicode, camera safe gate, house keeper, and homegate.  There is elevator up to the 5th. The apartment has been recently restored. This apt has 2 rooms, with one bedroom. The flat is very bright because of his orientation and because it is located on the 6th floor. Main room: Large and comfortable living room, with a very convenient convertible couch (phone number hidden) huges clubchairs. It is possible t	A charming, quiet and sunny flat. No smoking apt. Well isolated, the Apt is located in a calm street very closed to the Arc de Triomphe (300m away) and 5 minutes’ walk from the Champs Elysees Avenue. A charming, quiet and very sunnyflat.  No smoking apt. Well isolated, the apt is located in a very calm street just closed to the Arc de Triomphe / Etoile Place (about 300m away ). Situated Rue Villaret de Joyeuse, in one of the most exclusive and lovely area of Paris. Super close to everything you need...metro, markets, cafes, banks, and monuments! There are many very good restaurants, many shops and a typical french market in the close neighborhood. This really cute, comfortable, typical and modern apartment is on the 6th and last floor of a building with a entrance secured with a digicode, camera safe gate, house keeper, and homegate.  There is elevator up to the 5th. The apartment has been recently restored. This apt has 2 rooms, with one bedroom. The flat is very bright because of his
747	L'appartement est situé au 2eme étage sans ascenseur ; il est composé d'une chambre (lit 160X200)  et d'une sdb séparées ( Douche, wc, lavabo, serviettes, sèche cheveux, lisseur) donnant sur cour.  Le salon avec cuisine donne sur une rue calme et est baigné de lumière. Un lit tiroir 90X190 confortable permet un 3eme couchage.  La cuisine est équipée de plaques vitro, d'une bouilloire, d'un four micro-ondes et chaleur tournante, d'une machine à laver séchante. supermarché ouvert 7/7 en bas de la rue -  Idéalement situé entre Montmartre, l'Arc de Triomphe, et les grands magasins, le quartier des Batignolles est un vrai village très parisien renommé pour ses  petits restaurants conviviaux, ses commerçants sympathiques et ses boutiques de créateurs. L'appartement se situe entre ses deux magnifiques parcs (square des Batignolles et Parc Martin Luther King) à 2mn à pied de l'un ou l'autre.  stations velib - bus (31/66 + les lignes déservant l'avenue de Clichy) et métro (Ligne 13 - Brochant  	2 parcs à 2 mn à pied, une multitude de restaurants et le métro à 200m...  Un 2 pièces original, calme et lumineux, refait à neuf et parfaitement équipé. Idéal pour un séjour professionnel tout confort ou une vraie escapade parisienne  !  L'appartement est situé au 2eme étage sans ascenseur ; il est composé d'une chambre (lit 160X200)  et d'une sdb séparées ( Douche, wc, lavabo, serviettes, sèche cheveux, lisseur) donnant sur cour.  Le salon avec cuisine donne sur une rue calme et est baigné de lumière. Un lit tiroir 90X190 confortable permet un 3eme couchage.  La cuisine est équipée de plaques vitro, d'une bouilloire, d'un four micro-ondes et chaleur tournante, d'une machine à laver séchante. supermarché ouvert 7/7 en bas de la rue -  Idéalement situé entre Montmartre, l'Arc de Triomphe, et les grands magasins, le quartier des Batignolles est un vrai village très parisien renommé pour ses  petits restaurants conviviaux, ses commerçants sympathiques et ses boutiques de créateurs. L'app
748	Two minutes away from the Arc de Triomph, on a quiet street, fans of classic Parisian charm will appreciate this 375 ft2 apartment ideally distributed.  - The bedroom overlooks the courtyard so you can easily sleep with an open window on summer nights, the bed is large and perfect for a couple. Light on the candles inside the old wine box that hung on the wall and you will appreciate the atmosphere. - The kitchen is fully equipped : oven , Fridge, microwave, ceramic glass cooktop, toaster, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, all you can need to cook the perfect dinner ! The lavender in the window box speads a nice atmosphere. - The bathroom : Here you can find a shower with a big head shower, fresh and clean towels and a big mirrors - The toilettes are ideally on a separate rooms with a tiny window - The living room is my favourite place : full of light with its two big windows that overlook the street and the big avenue trees. Here you can enjoy the TV and crash on a very comfy club cha	You will first love the perfect location : 2 minutes walk form the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, then you will discover a cosy apartment, full of light in the best neighborhood : Poncelet market, Monceau park,  parisian stores and cafe... Two minutes away from the Arc de Triomph, on a quiet street, fans of classic Parisian charm will appreciate this 375 ft2 apartment ideally distributed.  - The bedroom overlooks the courtyard so you can easily sleep with an open window on summer nights, the bed is large and perfect for a couple. Light on the candles inside the old wine box that hung on the wall and you will appreciate the atmosphere. - The kitchen is fully equipped : oven , Fridge, microwave, ceramic glass cooktop, toaster, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, all you can need to cook the perfect dinner ! The lavender in the window box speads a nice atmosphere. - The bathroom : Here you can find a shower with a big head shower, fresh and clean towels and a big mirrors - The toil
749		3 pièces, agréable calme clair vue sur ciel et toits 5e ét SA grande pièce à vivre ensoleillée et ouverte sur cuisine us  Tv canal+ wifi Mac Piano sdb/wc baignoire 2 lavabos  2  belles chambres placards bureaux  Déco originale simple confortable
750		6ème étage sans ascenseur, superficie de 11m2 + balcon donnant sur les toits et l'arc de triomphe. La chambre comporte un vrai lit 2 places, une douche, un grand placard et un coin cuisine. WC sur le pallier. Libre du (phone number hidden) au (phone number hidden) Mon appartement est situé dans le 17 ème arrondissement à 5 min à pied du Parc monceau et de l'arc de triomphe. Le logement est situé à 5 minutes à pied du métro ternes. L'appartement est entièrement équipé (draps, ventilateur, sono...)
751	Beautiful 2-rooms appartment of 55m ² with balcony, fully equipped, located in a modern building, in the heart of the 17th arrondissement. The flat includes: - WIFI fiber - TV - Hi-fi - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, hob, microwave, fridge, freezer ...) - Spacious bathroom with washing machine - a bed and a sofa bed  - Towels and sheets provided 	Beautiful 2 room appartment of 21m ² + balcony, fully equipped, located in the heart of the 17th arrondissement in a modern building.  Located in a trendy area , the apartment is very well served by public transport and close to many kind of stores Beautiful 2-rooms appartment of 55m ² with balcony, fully equipped, located in a modern building, in the heart of the 17th arrondissement. The flat includes: - WIFI fiber - TV - Hi-fi - Fully equipped kitchen (oven, hob, microwave, fridge, freezer ...) - Spacious bathroom with washing machine - a bed and a sofa bed  - Towels and sheets provided The all flat is for you! Perfectly located, this flat is well served by public transport and close to all commerces - 4 supermarkets nearby with (2 open on Sundays all day), grocery stores, bars, restaurants, parks ... Nearby neighborhoods: Montmartre, Place des Abbesses, Sacré-Coeur, Place Clichy, the Flea Market of St-Ouen. Transport: 1 minute walk to metro station Guy Moquet (line 13), 4 minutes wa
752		Studio de 21m² refait à neuf, très agréable et très calme, à deux pas du métro la Fourche (ligne 13), de St Lazare, du Moulin Rouge, de Montmartre.... proche tout commerces et très bien aménagé. Parfait pour accueillir des week end en amoureux !
753	Very quiet and calm ground floor in front of a closed and private inner courtyard (no noise or view from the streets).   1 bedroom with a bed for two people (sheets included) 1 big living room really nicely decorated and cosy with bed for 2 people. Very comfortable living-room with 1 sofa (can make another bed for 2 people) and armchairs and nice and warmful furniture. Large TV and HIFI system (airplay-iphone or jack for your MP3 players are ready to work, radio...), free wifi internet access And wifi Printer And scanner. Over equiped and opened to the living room kitchen (Oven / microwave / Nespresso / 2 Washing machines for the cutlery and for your garments, induction plate and fridge). 1 bathroom with toilets, shower and washbasin, iron table and iron, hoover (towels included). Enjoy your stay!	Elegent and very well decorated flat in a great place at Ternes. Up to 4 people are welcome. Located 5 minutes away walking from Maillot metro 1 or Champeret metro 3. 15 minutes walking from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées Avenue. Very quiet and calm ground floor in front of a closed and private inner courtyard (no noise or view from the streets).   1 bedroom with a bed for two people (sheets included) 1 big living room really nicely decorated and cosy with bed for 2 people. Very comfortable living-room with 1 sofa (can make another bed for 2 people) and armchairs and nice and warmful furniture. Large TV and HIFI system (airplay-iphone or jack for your MP3 players are ready to work, radio...), free wifi internet access And wifi Printer And scanner. Over equiped and opened to the living room kitchen (Oven / microwave / Nespresso / 2 Washing machines for the cutlery and for your garments, induction plate and fridge). 1 bathroom with toilets, shower and washbasin, iron table an
754	Fully equipped :  - 1 bedroom with a real queen size bed (190x140cms) - A living room with a two-seater sofa bed - cable TV (170 channels including BBC, CNN...) - 1 bathroom with a shower, washbasin and a WC. - A fully equipped kitchen including a fridge, a oven/micro wave, a dish washer, a coffee maker, washing drying machine.  - Internet wireless 	64 sqm fully equipped  - rue Pouchet, Batignolles  - Until 4 people - Was completely renovated in 2015. 
755	Lumineux, calme et douillet Immeuble propre Digicode et gardien Nombreux commerces en bas de l'immeuble 6ème étage sans ascenseur	Studio de 16m2, chaleureux, parfait pour accueillir un couple. Situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles, à 15 min à pied de Montmartre, tout proche des transports (ligne 13, bus 54, 74, 81, PC3, RER C). Idéal pour un court séjour. Lumineux, calme et douillet Immeuble propre Digicode et gardien Nombreux commerces en bas de l'immeuble 6ème étage sans ascenseur
756		Appartement tout confort, de 35 m², qui donne sur une petite cours calme, il est parfait pour un couple.  En plein centre de Paris, il est à proximité directe de tous les lieux touristiques.
757	Very Functional flat with a piano, a bar and nice decorations. 3 beds : a king size bed (3 persons), a couch-bed very comfortable, Airbed for extra person if required :)	Come to discover this well decorated flat of 40m² in the nice side of Paris :) Arc de Triomphe and Tennis court. Great neighborhood for a confortable stay. Welcome home ! Very Functional flat with a piano, a bar and nice decorations. 3 beds : a king size bed (3 persons), a couch-bed very comfortable, Airbed for extra person if required :) Piano, Kitchen, Bathroom, Bar, Books Entire appartement, so... to have the key :) Very nice neighborhood. Quiet and living. Tenis court very near Bus 53 Pereire Tocqueville.  Metro 3 Wagram.  Train Pont cardinet (from Saint lazare).  RER C Pereire.
758		 Situated in the second floor, it's a very beautiful, quiet (double glazings) and bright bedroom, nicely decorated, with double exposure (street a
759	Mon appartement est un 3 pièces, très confortable et fonctionnel, lumineux, à la décoration soignée, dans un quartier vivant et très recherché de Paris. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes.	Venez vivre dans un havre de paix : 3 pièces confortable, au 2ème étage d'1 immeuble haussmannien au coeur de Paris.15 mn à pied des Champs-Élysées, transports publics à 2 mn (bus, RER, métro),quartier commerçant, joli jardin au pied de l'immeuble... Mon appartement est un 3 pièces, très confortable et fonctionnel, lumineux, à la décoration soignée, dans un quartier vivant et très recherché de Paris. Il peut accueillir 3 personnes. L'appartement est loué en entier. Les voyageurs ont accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement : WiFi, télévision Avant leur arrivée, je corresponds avec mes voyageurs via mails ou téléphone. Je suis présente au moment du check in et check out. Les voyageurs disposent de l'appartement durant leur séjour. Quartier très vivant, chic et à proximité de lieux touristiques parisiens : Champs-Élysées, Parc Monceau,... Ligne de Métro 3 (Péreire) Autobus 84, 92, 93 RER C (Péreire-Levallois) Dans le cas de ces réservations instantanées, je signale que la période es
760	Nice large bright two-room, quiet, nice, modern, spacious, in a secure residence open 17th district, ten minutes from the Champs Elysées. Transport and shops nearby. Very nice terrace green ! Can accommodate four people.	A small patch of green nestled in the heart Paris Nice large bright two-room, quiet, nice, modern, spacious, in a secure residence open 17th district, ten minutes from the Champs Elysées. Transport and shops nearby. Very nice terrace green ! Can accommodate four people. No pets please The delivery of keys will be made by me or even by the custodian of the building according to the booking weeks. You can reach the apartment by metro (Line 3 and Line 1), or via the RER (A or C). Ryanair as well as Air France shuttle will drop you at Porte Maillot, is a 5-minute walk from the apartment.
761		très beau studio avec une bue remarquable 
762	Great owners:) , and the flat is really awesome. you'll see, all equipped, modern decoration in parisian style architecture, with terrace and balcony. We speak many languages.	130m2 flat with great business couple, who spend their life traveling (and working) and like to share with others. The flat has got 1 private room with its own bathroom and toilets.  The hosts are the great strength of this offer:) Great owners:) , and the flat is really awesome. you'll see, all equipped, modern decoration in parisian style architecture, with terrace and balcony. We speak many languages. the whole flat and the knowledge of the owners who know paris very well and can direct you according your desires. Parc Monceau neigborhood is close to champ elysee but more quiet, with the parc right next to the flat (you can see it from the balcony). at 70m, there is the subway Good for 1 person or a couple. We like profil like us, business and travel oriented, smart places.
763	APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 80 square meter, typically French apartment with moldings, 18th century door, hardwood floors throughout and fireplaces, has two bedrooms and two bathrooms and is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 2nd French floor of a 19th century building and sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer, dish washer, large light kitchen, flat-screen television with cable channels, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code for entry and an elevator.    Foyer - LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM The front door takes you directly a foyer, 9m2, which  centrally leads to all the areas of the apartment: the living/dining area, the kitchen, Bathroom 1, and the hall leading to the bedrooms.  The living/dining room is perfect for welcoming any guests and entertaining, delicious dinners, or relaxing while having a glass of wine. This 28m2 area has a dining table 	This large, lovely apartment, just minutes from the Champs Elysées is light and perfect for a family or for someone wanting space and comfort. Situated on a courtyard, it is also calm, and the area offers plenty of commerce, shopping, & transport    APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 80 square meter, typically French apartment with moldings, 18th century door, hardwood floors throughout and fireplaces, has two bedrooms and two bathrooms and is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 2nd French floor of a 19th century building and sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer, dish washer, large light kitchen, flat-screen television with cable channels, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone.   BUILDING This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a Security code for entry and an elevator.    Foyer - LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM The front door takes you directly a foyer, 9m2, which  centrally leads to all the areas of the apartment: the living
764	La chambre donne plein Est vous permettant de vous réveiller avec les rayons du soleil ! Elle donne sur une petite cour très calme. Un salon plein Sud toujours ensoleillé, assez grand pour pouvoir vous y reposer et vous relaxer. Il donne sur une petite rue à sens unique. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes : 1 chambre double et 1 canapé lit. La cuisine est séparée, elle est assez grande pour pouvoir y préparer des bons plats. Un chat, très câlin, ronronnera sur vos genoux.	Nous vous proposons un 2 pièce de 42m carré au coeur des Batignoles. L'appartement est composé d'1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine toute équipée et 1 salle de bain.  Très calme et lumineux ! Pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris A 300m du metro. La chambre donne plein Est vous permettant de vous réveiller avec les rayons du soleil ! Elle donne sur une petite cour très calme. Un salon plein Sud toujours ensoleillé, assez grand pour pouvoir vous y reposer et vous relaxer. Il donne sur une petite rue à sens unique. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes : 1 chambre double et 1 canapé lit. La cuisine est séparée, elle est assez grande pour pouvoir y préparer des bons plats. Un chat, très câlin, ronronnera sur vos genoux. Internet / Télé / Cuisine / salle de bain  Nous privilégions les échanges par téléphone ou par email. Nous ne serons pas présents pour vous donner les clés ni pour les récupérer car en déplacement.  Au coeur des Batignoles et à une rue de la rue des dames, connue pour ses
765	Hello and welcome :) The apartment is ideally located in the center of Paris (District Batignolles), 5 minute walk to the metro Villiers. You will be able to join: - Champs Elysees, Pigalle, the Marais and Opera in 10 Minutes - Montmartre and the Louvre in 15 minutes - The Eiffel Tower in 20 minutes. The 2 room apartment (1 bedroom), typically Parisian (moldings, fireplace, parquet floor) can accommodate 2 people. It is on the 1st Floor with Lift The apartment consists of a bedroom with a high quality queen size bed (1.60 * 2.00 M) , a living room, a fully equipped kitchen (Fridge, stove, oven, Nespresso machine etc) a bathroom (small - with washing machin) and separate toilet WIFI is unlimited and good quality The area is great! Levis Street is a semi-pedestrian street with a permanent market: supermarkets, bars, wine shops, bakeries, butchers etc. are at the foot of the building. There are also many bars and restaurants that I could recommend. You will not be disturbed by a too much 	Hello and welcome :) The apartment is ideally located in the center of Paris (District Batignolles), 5 minute walk to the metro Villiers. You will be able to join: - Champs Elysees, Pigalle, the Marais and Opera in 10 Minutes - Montmartre and the Louvre in 15 minutes - The Eiffel Tower in 20 minutes. The 2 room apartment (1 bedroom), typically Parisian (moldings, fireplace, parquet floor) can accommodate 2 people. It is on the 1st Floor with Lift The apartment consists of a bedroom with a high quality queen size bed (1.60 * 2.00 M) , a living room, a fully equipped kitchen (Fridge, stove, oven, Nespresso machine etc) a bathroom (small - with washing machin) and separate toilet WIFI is unlimited and good quality The area is great! Levis Street is a semi-pedestrian street with a permanent market: supermarkets, bars, wine shops, bakeries, butchers etc. are at the foot of the building. There are also many bars and restaurants that I could recommend. You will not be disturbed by a too much 
766	Come and discover Paris in this charming studio of 25m² attic overlooking the course: - a living room with 1 sofa bed for 2 people (real mattress) - a separate kitchen - a separate bathroom (with WC) - TV - unlimited internet access - fridge, hob, oven and all necessary dishes - washing machine - towels and bed linens available for free on request Located in a Haussmann building, this studio is located: - In the heart of Ternes (17) - Close to the Arc de Triomphe and the famous Champs Elysées - Close to shops and restaurants - 500m from Pereire Metro Station (line 3) or Ternes (line 2), 750m from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile (line 1) + bus nearby. What you move easily in Paris! Come and feel the Parisian life for a night or more...	Come and discover Paris in this charming studio of 25m² attic overlooking the course: - a living room with 1 sofa bed for 2 people (real mattress) - a separate kitchen - a separate bathroom (with WC) - TV - unlimited internet access - fridge, hob, oven and all necessary dishes - washing machine - towels and bed linens available for free on request Located in a Haussmann building, this studio is located: - In the heart of Ternes (17) - Close to the Arc de Triomphe and the famous Champs Elysées - Close to shops and restaurants - 500m from Pereire Metro Station (line 3) or Ternes (line 2), 750m from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile (line 1) + bus nearby. What you move easily in Paris! Come and feel the Parisian life for a night or more...
767	the Studio is located on a small street very quiet US Kitchen equipped  	"a very good and safe neigborood, you are a bloc from the famous Levi market a typical french street market, 5mn from the subway, 10mn for Montmartre or Pigalle, close to Opera the Studio is located on a small street very quiet US Kitchen equipped  to everything I can give you many advices about Paris and what to do or not do The Studio is situated on the ""Quartier des Batignolles"", one of the famous area of West of Paris with a village atmosphere. The area is full of restaurants, of bars, many food markets and 2 beautiful parks. A 15 minutes walk up to the garden of the Butte of Montmartre will take you to the infamous Sacre Coeur church and the artistic Places des Tertres, or the Moulin Rouge. A very good bakery, located in the Rue des Dames and a delicious italian shop are just in the corner. Organic store and supermarket open latenight are 50 meters away from home, and a famous street market is located rue de Levi THE AREA  -A few minutes from Opera district (Garnier Opera)  - A few"
768	Appartement moderne refait à neuf avec parquet et murs à dominante gris dans un immeuble Haussmannien très bien entretenu. - Grand séjour meublé avec goût. Équipement multimédia (TV écran plat, Apple TV,..) et accès internet wifi. - Belle chambre avec grand et confortable lit double (140cm) et rangements. - Charmante salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Un sèche-cheveux est aussi disponible sous le lavabo. - Agréable et spacieuse cuisine toute équipée et ouverte sur le salon, notamment lave-vaisselle, four (sous la plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique), four à micro-ondes, et tout le matériel de cuisine nécessaire pour vos talents de chef ! - Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis.  - Nous offrons également tout ce qu’il vous faut pour vos boissons chaudes (thés, café Nespresso, tisanes).	Appartement design 2 pièces de 50 m2 dans immeuble Haussmannien, ascenseur - Salon (table extensible pour 4, canapé cuir, TV)  - Cuisine Américaine toute équipée (ilot) - Grande chambre avec rangements - Grande salle de bain avec douche italienne Appartement moderne refait à neuf avec parquet et murs à dominante gris dans un immeuble Haussmannien très bien entretenu. - Grand séjour meublé avec goût. Équipement multimédia (TV écran plat, Apple TV,..) et accès internet wifi. - Belle chambre avec grand et confortable lit double (140cm) et rangements. - Charmante salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Un sèche-cheveux est aussi disponible sous le lavabo. - Agréable et spacieuse cuisine toute équipée et ouverte sur le salon, notamment lave-vaisselle, four (sous la plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique), four à micro-ondes, et tout le matériel de cuisine nécessaire pour vos talents de chef ! - Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis.  - Nous offrons également tout ce qu’il vous faut pour vos b
769	Apartment quiet and situated well in typically Haussmann building. Closed to monuments the most known in Paris : Montmartre, Pigalle, Champs-Elysées, Opera and department stores and with the closeness of the charm of the district of batignolles I specify that I occupy the apartment during the duration of your stay (independent room). Bathroom and kitchen are to be shared. Numerous businesses nearby (bakery, pharmacy, steam-pressing, 3 minimarkets, ...) Apartment in 2 mn of the subway, 10mn of Opera / saint Lazare / department stores in public transportation, 15 mn of Montmartre / Pigalle	"Between the history quiet conviviality of the district Batignolles and the popular excitement of ""Epinettes"" and ""Place of Clichy"", discover the atmosphere of the district most ""village"" of the Parisian Northwest. Close to Pigalle, Montmartre, Opéra Apartment quiet and situated well in typically Haussmann building. Closed to monuments the most known in Paris : Montmartre, Pigalle, Champs-Elysées, Opera and department stores and with the closeness of the charm of the district of batignolles I specify that I occupy the apartment during the duration of your stay (independent room). Bathroom and kitchen are to be shared. Numerous businesses nearby (bakery, pharmacy, steam-pressing, 3 minimarkets, ...) Apartment in 2 mn of the subway, 10mn of Opera / saint Lazare / department stores in public transportation, 15 mn of Montmartre / Pigalle Travelers have access to the whole apartment : private room - lounge - kitchen - bathroom. All the utensils, the domestic electro equipment (refrigerator, "
770		This studio has an amazing view and it is 10 minutes walking distance from Champs Elysées. 4 bus stations and 2 Metro lines 2 & 3 Supermarkets and Shopping boutiques are 3 minutes away. Secure & Classy neighborhood. 1 bathroom, kitchen, internet.
771		Cette chambre est posée tout en haut de l'immeuble de 8 Etage et offre une vue à 180° sur tout Paris. Air conditionnée. Salle de bains indépendante. Terrasse privée avec vue sur le sacré coeur!
772	La vue transversale de l'appartement le rend très lumineux et très agréable à vivre. Les trois étages donnent une intimité à chacun pour que la cohabitation soit plus agréable. 	Cette appartement sur les toits de Paris offre une vue panoramique sur tout paris. Composé de 4 chambres et de 3 salles de bains, il s'étale sur 3 étages entourés de plusieurs terrasses dont une très grande où l'on peut prendre ses repas. La vue transversale de l'appartement le rend très lumineux et très agréable à vivre. Les trois étages donnent une intimité à chacun pour que la cohabitation soit plus agréable. L'ascenseur arrive au 7ème étage. Vous n'aurez plus qu'à monter les marches jusqu'au 8ème pour trouver l'unique porte d'entrée de l'appartement! Tout au long de votre séjour, je serai joignable par le téléphone gratuit de la maison pour vous aider de quelque manière que ce soit. C'est un quartier en pleine évolution, calme et animé en même temps. Il y a de nombreux restaurants et magasins. Il est très bien situé par rapport aux différents points touristiques à ne pas rater à Paris! Le bus le plus proche est le 66 qui même directement aux Galeries Lafayette et à l'Opéra. Le métr
773	The studio is for a single person.  It is located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris in the Batignolles district (rue des Moines) Metros: Guy Moquet or Brochant. Seventh floor, not elevator.  Intercom, and mailbox. Very quiet and bright. With kitchenette, shower and the toilet very clean is in the  hallway next door. Furnished and equipped: washing machine, kitchenware, large fridge with freezer, microwave, and bef linen. Charges, electricity, internet, telephone and cable TV included. Furnished rental contractcompulsor. asked tenant insurance. Visits by appointment.	The studio is for a single person.  It is located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris in the Batignolles district (rue des Moines) Metros: Guy Moquet or Brochant. Seventh floor, not elevator.  Intercom, and mailbox. Very quiet and bright. With kitchenette, shower and the toilet very clean is in the  hallway next door. Furnished and equipped: washing machine, kitchenware, large fridge with freezer, microwave, and bef linen. Charges, electricity, internet, telephone and cable TV included. Furnished rental contractcompulsor. asked tenant insurance. Visits by appointment.
774	Our flat is at the sixth floor with an elevator, we are all alone at this floor. It is a true Parisian flat since it has an authentic parquet floor, mouldings and the building is Haussmannien.	Batignolles - Parc Monceau Just down our building, you have the bus lines 53 & 94 that bring you to Gare Saint Lazare, Opéra, Madeleine, Concorde, Assemblée Nationale
775		Cosy 2 pièces, avec un salon accueillant, et lumineux avec sofa d'appoint convertible pour deux personnes. Une charmante chambre avec un plafond à la française (poutres en bois apparentes) est également disponible pour accueillir deux personnes. 
776	Our apartment is warm and intimate. It feels like home. It is equipped with everything needed to stay there, including cooking, spend pleasant moments.	Nice apartment with a bedroom and a living / dining room. A fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom with bath and separate toilet. Family neighborhood, lively Parisian market daily. Center of Paris quick and easy access. Our apartment is warm and intimate. It feels like home. It is equipped with everything needed to stay there, including cooking, spend pleasant moments. Travelers have access to the entire apartment. We only ask that they respect the piece (not shown in the photographs and in which we store our belongings to make room for them to stay). We are available to travelers to answer all their questions about the city, transport, places to see and places to discover. Our neighborhood is family friendly. There is a very busy life and absolutely everything you can imagine. Greengrocers, fishmongers, butchers, grocers, bakers, caterers, restaurants worldwide, laundry, doctors, veterinary, pharmacy, library, supermarket, shops of all kinds. The apartment is about 1/2h taxi the two main Pa
777	Joli studio, refait à neuf, très bien agencé et décoré avec goût. Sol en parquet verni, 2 grandes fenêtres donnant sur une cour calme, et une autre fenêtre dans le coin cuisine lui procurent beaucoup de lumière.  Le canapé-lit est un convertible avec un vrai lit pour un couchage quotidien. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Charming, brand new, well appointed and testfully decorated studio.  Parquet floor, overlooking courtyard, 2 large windows, very luminous. The sofa bed is confortable, for everyday sleeping. The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. 	Joli studio, refait à neuf, très bien agencé et décoré avec goût. Sol en parquet verni, 2 grandes fenêtres donnant sur une cour calme, et une autre fenêtre dans le coin cuisine lui procurent beaucoup de lumière.  Le canapé-lit est un convertible avec un vrai lit pour un couchage quotidien. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Charming, brand new, well appointed and testfully decorated studio.  Parquet floor, overlooking courtyard, 2 large windows, very luminous. The sofa bed is confortable, for everyday sleeping. The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. Fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux, réfrigérateur Airon, dry-hair, fridge Quartier familial et très vivant, avec beaucoup de commerces, boutiques...mais aussi de nombreux bars et restaurants. Lively family neighborhood, with lots of shops, bars and restaurants. La station de métro la plus proche est Rome (ligne 2). La ligne 13 est à 10 min à pieds. Les bus 66 et 53 déposent au plus près de l'appartement. The nearest metro station is Rome, lin
778	Appartement très calme où il fait bon vivre. Il dispose d'un ascenseur et d'un petit balcon permettant de fumer à l'extérieur. 	Studio métro Guy Moquet (5 minutes) de 26m2 au 1ier étage avec ascenseur avec :  petit balcon grand lit confortable salon avec TV table pour manger kitchenette avec micro ondes, four, cafetière ... salle de bains avec baignoire Quartier très sympa Appartement très calme où il fait bon vivre. Il dispose d'un ascenseur et d'un petit balcon permettant de fumer à l'extérieur. Cuisine avec tous ses équipements, TV, accès Wifi .... Quartier très cosmopolite, à deux pas de Montmartre, beaucoup de commerces à portée de mains. Ligne 13 à 5 minutes seulement et à quelques stations des grands magasins ou de la gare saint lazare. Beaucoup de ligne de bus à proximité le 81-31 par exemple
779	Ideal for a couple (with or without children) or a group of friends.  2 large bright and welcoming rooms.  Double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed can accommodate 2 adults or 2 children very comfortably.	This typical French-style apartment is totally renovated and fully furnished. The sunny living-room has been enlarged with an open kitchen, and separated bedroom and bathroom. Enjoy the haussmanian moldings, woodfloor and fireplaces in modern comfort Ideal for a couple (with or without children) or a group of friends.  2 large bright and welcoming rooms.  Double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed can accommodate 2 adults or 2 children very comfortably. Wifi, wardrobe and closet available, fan oven and gas hob, washing machine, waffle, raclette and fondue machines, piano ...  Linen and towels included! Check out our welcome booklet with all the relevant information about the apartment and shops, as well as tips for trips and walks in the neighborhood.  The accommodation is fully at your disposal during your stay. Less than 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge, you will also be at the heart of the Batignolles district, where new bars and restaurants are opening every mont
780	Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé.	Apparte situé entre les Batignolles & la Place de Clichy (proche de Pigalle & du Sacré Coeur) au 5éme étage avec ascenceur. Chambre individuelle refaite + petit balcon + une salle de bain. Accès à une partie du grand salon avec balcon. Grand et bel appartement datant de la fin du 19éme bien situé. Accés à la salle de bain, aux sanitaires, à la cuisine, buanderie, à une partie du salon avec grand balcon. Mon numéro perso vous sera communiqué. Ainsi une aide sera apportée 24h/24h concernant toutes questions ou problèmes relatifs à l'appartement ou autres. Placé entre la Place de Clichy & le square des Batignolles, le quartier est dynamique grâce à la multitude de restaurants, de bars & de commerces. Il est également proche de Pigalle ainsi que de Montmartre et son Sacré -Coeur. Le sens de l'accueil pour moi est trés important et je suis attaché au faite que chaque personne puisse se sentir bien, comme chez-elle.
781		Amazing appartment (60m2) at the 6th floor of a 1930 building. Big living room (big couch) with a balcony for morning breakfast in the sunshine, one big bedroom & 2 bathrooms. Fully equiped kitchen. Cose to the lovely neighborhood of les Batignolles
782	Superbe appartement de 100 m2 de type Haussamanien. Double séjour, 2 chambres, Plafond de type 19 ème siècle à caisson dans la salle à manger. Décoration de style romantique contemporain. Cuisine dinatoire entièrement équipée avec plaques et four à induction.  Très belles moulures sur l'ensemble de l'appartement.	Situé dans le 8è arrondissement à 2 pas du parc Monceau, quelques mins à pied des Galeries Lafayette,  Montmartre et de Pigalle.  superbe 100 m2 Haussmanien avec ascenseur, moulures et parquets, avec 2 chambres, une cuisine dinatoire et double sejour Superbe appartement de 100 m2 de type Haussamanien. Double séjour, 2 chambres, Plafond de type 19 ème siècle à caisson dans la salle à manger. Décoration de style romantique contemporain. Cuisine dinatoire entièrement équipée avec plaques et four à induction.  Très belles moulures sur l'ensemble de l'appartement. Gare St Lazare a quelques minutes à pied. Les bus, métros, autolib ainsi que velib sont tous au pied de l'appartement. Un interlocuteur sur place sera disponible pour toutes questions ou besoin. Nous communiquons a tout instant par mail ou sms. Le quartier situé dans le prestigieux 8 ème arrondissement est celui de Monceau Villiers . En face de l appartement se situe l'une des rues les plus commercante et typique de Paris. La situ
783	typical parisian flat  beautiful  very nice & chic neighborhood	typical parisian flat  beautiful  very nice & chic neighborhood internet  wifi  tv with cable  washing machine  dryer
784	"Welcome in our two-room apartment of 50m2. Being on the top floor, the flat enjoys bright and light views of Paris  (no building in front blocking the view). Our building is situated in a quiet and little street right in the heart of a typical, lovely and lively area : The well know and famous ""village des Batignolles"". The apartment suits for 2 people, with a double bed room, plenty of storage space, a large kitchen with a nice view on ""La Defense"" and a living / dining room decorated with a small balcony."	"50m2/538sqfeet bright flat, full of light, enjoying views above Paris roofs   (5th floor-elevator), in a very quiet street in the lively neighbourhood of :""Les Batignolles"". Close to Levis' street market, Parc Monceau, Pigalle, shops and restaurants Welcome in our two-room apartment of 50m2. Being on the top floor, the flat enjoys bright and light views of Paris  (no building in front blocking the view). Our building is situated in a quiet and little street right in the heart of a typical, lovely and lively area : The well know and famous ""village des Batignolles"". The apartment suits for 2 people, with a double bed room, plenty of storage space, a large kitchen with a nice view on ""La Defense"" and a living / dining room decorated with a small balcony. You will have access to the entire of the apartment including a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom, a kitchen, a living and a dining room. We will be present to give you the keys and show you the flat.  Of course we will be at your di"
785	Duplex (ground floor and basement floor) calm on the court side with two floors, the first including a kitchen with a living room with large three seats sofa. Large 42 -inch screen connected to the cable with over 40 channels . The second floor (basement) includes a large bedroom with double bed and a 50-inch screen also connected to the cable screen. Also a large bathroom with tub, toilet and washing machine . Housing is completely independent, the keyring allows access to the apartment and a cellar of more than 10m2 .	Duplex (ground floor and basement floor) calm on the court side with two floors, the first including a kitchen with a living room with large three seats sofa. Large 42 -inch screen connected to the cable with over 40 channels . The second floor (basement) includes a large bedroom with double bed and a 50-inch screen also connected to the cable screen. Also a large bathroom with tub, toilet and washing machine . Housing is completely independent, the keyring allows access to the apartment and a cellar of more than 10m2 . The Batignolles district is composed of artists and groups of companies , it is a young and lively neighborhood . Hébertot theater is located on the Boulevard des Batignolles with numerous cafés, restaurants and brasseries . Many shops including a super market open 24h / 24 . Accès par le métro avec la ligne 13 (Brochant) mais également via les bus 54 et 74. Proche du RER porte de Clichy.
786	Pretty studio located in a lively neighborhood, very safe and secure and only 10 minutes from the Champs Elyesees, Montmartre, Opera and the famous shopping at the « Grands Magasins ».  The studio is entirely equipped for a comfortable and nice vacation for 2. It has a small entry area, a living area with a small corner kitchen and a bathroom (toilet, sink and shower). It is calm (double glass window) and sunny (as long as the Parisian sky isn’t cloudy)!  The kitchen contains a refrigerator, a stove with 2 hotplates, a grill/microwave, electric water kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, and of course all of the necessary dishes, utensils and cookware.  The living area has a sofa bed (with a real mattress which is 10-12 cm thick). In the living area, there is a television equipped with a Free Box, with a multitude of channels. There is an unlimited internet connection and a landline telephone that calls all French landlines free as well as certain other countries (you will find the list on	Pretty studio located in a lively neighborhood, very safe and secure and only 10 minutes from the Champs Elyesees, Montmartre, Opera and the famous shopping at the « Grands Magasins ».  The studio is entirely equipped for a comfortable and nice vacation for 2. It has a small entry area, a living area with a small corner kitchen and a bathroom (toilet, sink and shower). It is calm (double glass window) and sunny (as long as the Parisian sky isn’t cloudy)!  The kitchen contains a refrigerator, a stove with 2 hotplates, a grill/microwave, electric water kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, and of course all of the necessary dishes, utensils and cookware.  The living area has a sofa bed (with a real mattress which is 10-12 cm thick). In the living area, there is a television equipped with a Free Box, with a multitude of channels. There is an unlimited internet connection and a landline telephone that calls all French landlines free as well as certain other countries (you will find the list on
787	Very nice  63 square meters apartment in the heart of the Village des Ternes. 2nd floor with elevator ; 1 bed room (queen size bed). (+ An airbed available) Bathroom with bathtub Large living-dining room of 30 m2 with moldings and balcony with a table and two chairs , Wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine , extra cleaning, Near the Etoile and Bayen- Poncelet - Lebon markets. Access :  Metro line 2 station ' Ternes ' ' - Metro line 3: Pereire Metro line 1: Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Porte Maillot RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Porte Maillot Apartment typically Parisian Haussman steps from the Etoile and Porte Maillot. Many restaurants nearby .	Very nice  63 square meters apartment in the heart of the Village des Ternes. 2nd floor with elevator ; 1 bed room (queen size bed). (+ An airbed available) Bathroom with bathtub Large living-dining room of 30 m2 with moldings and balcony with a table and two chairs , Wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine , extra cleaning, Near the Etoile and Bayen- Poncelet - Lebon markets. Access :  Metro line 2 station ' Ternes ' ' - Metro line 3: Pereire Metro line 1: Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Porte Maillot RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Porte Maillot Apartment typically Parisian Haussman steps from the Etoile and Porte Maillot. Many restaurants nearby .
788	This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Parc Monceau Area in Paris. It is on the sixth floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator.  The apartment features wood floor in the main room, a windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a fridge, a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a fully marbled and mirored   bathroom with toilets, shower, washbowl. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable chanels is available.Telephone line is opened. Please note that the toilet is electric. 	This 14 m2 fully furnished and equipped  studio  is located in the Villiers area in Paris. It is on the sixth floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator.  
789	L'appartement et situé au 6eme et dernière étages sans ascenseur mais une fois en haut le calme et garanti!  	"Charming studio welcomes you comfortably. WC, bathroom and separate kitchen. it is composed of a large living room with ""BALCONY"" facing south. the sofa bed upscale and designed for everyday sleeping. L'appartement et situé au 6eme et dernière étages sans ascenseur mais une fois en haut le calme et garanti!"
790	Large living room (30 m2) with open kitchen, filled with light through artistic bow window, overseeing the roofs of Paris. Small balcony. 1 Master bedroom with private bathroom, 1 bedroom with bunk beds, additional bathroom.	"Perfectly situated in the vibrant Parisian ""village"" of Batignolles, 15mn walk to Montmartre and close to all major touristic areas, enjoy a fully renovated 2 bedroom apartment situated at the 5th floor of a small 1906 building. Large living room (30 m2) with open kitchen, filled with light through artistic bow window, overseeing the roofs of Paris. Small balcony. 1 Master bedroom with private bathroom, 1 bedroom with bunk beds, additional bathroom. I just jeep my own bedroom locked. The rest of the apartment and the 2 other bedrooms are yours ! In the middle of the Batignolles ""village"", all commodities nearby, lots of restaurants, bars,... Metro Rome or Villiers, 5 min. walk both Car not recommended.. but public carparks nearby Velib stations nearly !"
791	Calme et lumineux / Quiet and luminous 	Quiet  and nice little studio in charming neighborhood of Batignolles, close to the famous Rue des Dames. Lots of coffee, bars and good restaurants. 20min walk from Montmartre or Opera Garnier, 10min walk from Pigalle. Perfect for couples. Calme et lumineux / Quiet and luminous 2ème étage avec vue sur cour / 2nd floor with courtyard view Nombreuses laverie / Lots of Laundry Nombreux supermarchés et pharmacies / Lots of choice for supermarkets and pharmacy Generations collide in Batignolles, a fashionable inner-Paris enclave where grandmothers manage bistros and grandsons spend their nights at the skate park. A true proponent of cafe society, Batignolles is responsible for an emerging class of residents known as “bobos,” or, bourgeois bohemians. The neighborhood’s penchant for open air markets, resplendent gardens, and cultivated class lends Batignolles a graceful intimacy that attracts visitors despite its distance from the city’s commercial core Un des quartiers les plus agréables de 
792	Magnifique 2 pièces, très calme, design, cosy  idéalement situé dans le quartier mythique des Batignolles et du Famous Marché de levis  Appartement de deux pièces, cosy, et refait à neuf.  La pièce principale est très bien aménagée spacieuse et est équipée d'une table basse relevante, Home Cinema, Internet, Wifi, BBOX, Sound Système BOSE, Bibliothèque, d'un CANAPÉ en cuir et d’une cuisine américaine avec son bar. Le coin cuisine moderne est équipé d'un réfrigérateur, d'un four micro-onde, de plaques électriques induction, de vaisselle, de couverts, d'ustensiles de cuisine  La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, lavabo, rangement, chauffe serviette et de toilette. La chambre est spacieuse et très agréable ! Lit King Size, Grande Armoire de rangement (penderie, range chaussure), TV Beautiful flat very quiet , design, really well located in the legendary district of Batignolles and next the Famous Levis Market Two-room apartment , cozy and renovated. The main room is very well appo	Magnifique 2 pièces  idéalement situé dans le quartier des Batignolles.  Ascenseur, cuisine américaine full, Baignoire, Home Cinema, Internet. Proche métro: Villiers, Rome. A proximité : Marché de Levis, Montmartre, restaurants branché, bar tendance Magnifique 2 pièces, très calme, design, cosy  idéalement situé dans le quartier mythique des Batignolles et du Famous Marché de levis  Appartement de deux pièces, cosy, et refait à neuf.  La pièce principale est très bien aménagée spacieuse et est équipée d'une table basse relevante, Home Cinema, Internet, Wifi, BBOX, Sound Système BOSE, Bibliothèque, d'un CANAPÉ en cuir et d’une cuisine américaine avec son bar. Le coin cuisine moderne est équipé d'un réfrigérateur, d'un four micro-onde, de plaques électriques induction, de vaisselle, de couverts, d'ustensiles de cuisine  La salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire, lavabo, rangement, chauffe serviette et de toilette. La chambre est spacieuse et très agréable ! Lit King Size, Grande Armoi
793	"Apartment very well located and close to all commerce and activity. Very bright south-facing (3 large windows). Haussemanien type, high ceilings, wood floors, moldings, marble fireplace. With less than 50 meters: bakery, pharmacy, tobaccos, supermarkets, butchers, restaurant, fast food. Direct access to the apartment : Montmartre, Arc de Triomphe, Concorde, Champs Elysees, Invalides, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra, Châtelet, Gare du Nord, de l'Est, Montparnasse. To arrive at the apartment since the airport the simplest acces (my favorite with minimum change) is :  - to take the RER B(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) to ""Gare du Nord""  - To exit ""Gare du Nord"" (out the station in the street) and To Take the Bus n°31 in the direction of ""Charles de Gaule Etoile"" on the street ""Boulevard de Magenta"". The bus stop is ""Guy Moquet"" ! "	"Apartment very well located and close to all commerce and activity. Very bright south-facing (3 large windows). Haussemanien type, high ceilings, wood floors, moldings, marble fireplace. With less than 50 meters: bakery, pharmacy, tobaccos, supermarkets, butchers, restaurant, fast food. Direct access to the apartment : Montmartre, Arc de Triomphe, Concorde, Champs Elysees, Invalides, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra, Châtelet, Gare du Nord, de l'Est, Montparnasse. To arrive at the apartment since the airport the simplest acces (my favorite with minimum change) is :  - to take the RER B(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) to ""Gare du Nord""  - To exit ""Gare du Nord"" (out the station in the street) and To Take the Bus n°31 in the direction of ""Charles de Gaule Etoile"" on the street ""Boulevard de Magenta"". The bus stop is ""Guy Moquet"" ! "
794	Hello!    We welcome you between 12 and 27 july 2015 in our apartment of 65 m2 located next to the Place de Clichy in Paris (Rome Metro). 4th floor apartment (with lift) three renovated in April 2012, with two bedrooms, one with a double bed and a room with a child bed and a baby bed .Grand living / dining room of 20 m2. The kitchen is separate with a table for breakfast. The bathroom has a bath with shower. WC.  WiFi available, we have a TV with DVD / blueray player.  We are located in the courtyard of the building, away from the noise, the place is very quiet and well insulated.  Our apartment is bright and has everything to make you feel at home in our absence. Water, coffee and chocolate will be available.  You will be ideally placed to visit Paris and 30 minutes from the main monuments (Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Concorde, Galeries Lafayette, Sacre Coeur, Notre Dame etc ..), 20 minutes by metro from Gare du Nord and by 1:00 train from the airport of Roissy CDG.   See you  very soon 	Three rooms welcoming, bright and very quiet! Can accommodate 2 or 3 people + 2 children + 1 baby  and is centrally located in a quiet street near the Place de Clichy, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge.  Separate fitted kitchen, ideal for a nice stay Hello!    We welcome you between 12 and 27 july 2015 in our apartment of 65 m2 located next to the Place de Clichy in Paris (Rome Metro). 4th floor apartment (with lift) three renovated in April 2012, with two bedrooms, one with a double bed and a room with a child bed and a baby bed .Grand living / dining room of 20 m2. The kitchen is separate with a table for breakfast. The bathroom has a bath with shower. WC.  WiFi available, we have a TV with DVD / blueray player.  We are located in the courtyard of the building, away from the noise, the place is very quiet and well insulated.  Our apartment is bright and has everything to make you feel at home in our absence. Water, coffee and chocolate will be available.  You will be ideally placed to visit Pari
795	typical parisian apartement with 2 bedrooms 36m2, 5 Windows, washing machine, sish machine, coffee...	Very beautiful apartment 38m2 Palais des Congrès typical parisian apartement with 2 bedrooms 36m2, 5 Windows, washing machine, sish machine, coffee... all access for guest: we will come to take you bus stop from Beauvais Charles de Gaulle and help you to go to our apartment and help you luggages. interaction because we were at the apartement to give keys and explain you for keys and code, visits, good restaurants, roads. We will give you maps and plan métro, RER.
796	Entire apartment 1 bed room 410 sq ft (38m²), 5th and last floor with a lift, in a charming and ancient building of 19th century, facing south-east, very luminous, sunny, large balcony with nice view on roofs. Living room with 3 large windows overlooking a quiet street. Bedroom with 1 window overlooking a private and peaceful courtyard. Apartment decorated with a modern style. Entrance, large kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area for 4 persons, 1 bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom with a windows and large shower italian style, separated WC, many closets, electric heating radiators,1 comfortable and large pull out sofa bed for 2 adults in the living room. Fully equipped apartment : Wifi internet, flat screen TV with international channels, kitchen with all equipments (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine), washer, dryer, dishwasher, iron, iron table. Very central location. Shuttle direct access to the apartment from international ai	BRAND NEW APARTMENT SINCE JUNE 2014.  Entire apartment 1 bed room 410 sq ft (38m²), 5th and last floor with a lift, in a charming and ancient building of 19th century, facing south-east, very luminous, sunny, large balcony with nice view on roofs. Living room with 3 large windows overlooking a quiet street. Bedroom with 1 window overlooking a private and peaceful courtyard. Apartment decorated with a modern style. Entrance, large kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area for 4 persons, 1 bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom with a windows and large shower italian style, separated WC, many closets, electric heating radiators,1 comfortable and large pull out sofa bed for 2 adults in the living room. Fully equipped apartment : Wifi internet, flat screen TV with international channels, kitchen with all equipments (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine), washer, dryer, dishwasher, iron, iron table. Very central location. Shuttle direct access 
797	A all new apartment with a sunny terrasse with sofas. The living-room has two large confortable sofas and a large TV with cable channels with Home Cinema Sound and a blu-ray and dvd player. The open kitchen is all equipped, with a big frige, ice, micro-wave, oven, coffee machine, kettle, dish-washer, washing machine. The first bathroom has a large shower and the second bathroom has a bath. The three bedrooms has a large and confortables beds and has a balcony on a calm street. The two main bedrooms has a TV. the apartment is on the 4th floor with lift, there is also a free parking.	In a new building, this is a amazing3 bedrooms on the 4th floor with lift. A large living-room with 2 confortables sofas, a large open-kitchen all equipped, and 2 nice bathrooms and a large sunny terrasse. Perfect for having a great stay in Paris. A all new apartment with a sunny terrasse with sofas. The living-room has two large confortable sofas and a large TV with cable channels with Home Cinema Sound and a blu-ray and dvd player. The open kitchen is all equipped, with a big frige, ice, micro-wave, oven, coffee machine, kettle, dish-washer, washing machine. The first bathroom has a large shower and the second bathroom has a bath. The three bedrooms has a large and confortables beds and has a balcony on a calm street. The two main bedrooms has a TV. the apartment is on the 4th floor with lift, there is also a free parking. All is free access in the apartment : kitchen, internet wifi, TV, parking, etc... I welcome you myself at the apartment. In the heart of the 17th arrondissement of
798	It is in the centre of the Batignolles neighbourhood that you can enjoy every aspect of your Parisian stay.  Located on the fifth floor with elevator, an amazing view on the Paris rooftops open itself to you.  This apartment bathed in sun with its unusual design will bring charm and comfort to your stay in the French capital. It includes:  One bright bedroom for two people with a double Queen sized bed (160x200cm) with a possibility to convert it into two simple twin beds (120x180), One large living room with a dining table, flat TV screen, fireplace, as well as a simple bed (120x180cm), One bathroom inclusive of a shower and many storage units, Separated toilets,  An entirely equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, as well as a kettle.  Lastly, the balcony with a table and stools is perfectly adapted for a sunny summer breakfast.    Be immersed in the historical area of the Batignolles where conviviality reigns.	It is in the centre of the Batignolles neighbourhood that you can enjoy every aspect of your Parisian stay.  Located on the fifth floor with elevator, an amazing view on the Paris rooftops open itself to you. It is in the centre of the Batignolles neighbourhood that you can enjoy every aspect of your Parisian stay.  Located on the fifth floor with elevator, an amazing view on the Paris rooftops open itself to you.  This apartment bathed in sun with its unusual design will bring charm and comfort to your stay in the French capital. It includes:  One bright bedroom for two people with a double Queen sized bed (160x200cm) with a possibility to convert it into two simple twin beds (120x180), One large living room with a dining table, flat TV screen, fireplace, as well as a simple bed (120x180cm), One bathroom inclusive of a shower and many storage units, Separated toilets,  An entirely equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, as well as a kettle.  Lastly, the bal
799		A lovely bright flat in Paris 17th. Amazing location and all the shops and cafes at one minute. Porte de clichy or Guy moquet tube station is 6 minutes walk away.
800	Capacité d'accueil : 1 lit double mais possibilité de mettre un matelas gonflable (confortable) pour 2 personnes dans un coin du salon en cas de besoin (30€ supplément) Équipement : Wifi, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, TV, DVD, lave-linge, sèche-cheveux… Quartier : A 10 minutes de Montmartre, à 3 minutes de la place de Clichy, 10 minutes de l’Opéra, 4 stations de métro des Champs Elysées et bus direct pour la Tour Eiffel.  Quartier très sympa, animé, plein de bars et restaurants. Nombreux transports. Supermarché à l’angle de la rue. Marché le dimanche. Immeuble sécurisé avec Digicode.  ------------------------------------------------------- Capacity : only 1 double bed / Possibility of an inflatable mattress ( comfort ) for 2 people in a corner of the room if needed (30 € surcharge) Equipment : Wifi , freezer , dishwasher , coffee maker , TV, DVD , washing machine, tumble dryer ... Area : 10 minutes from Montmartre , 3 minutes from the Place de Clichy , 10 minutes from th	Capacité d'accueil : 1 lit double mais possibilité de mettre un matelas gonflable (confortable) pour 2 personnes dans un coin du salon en cas de besoin (30€ supplément) Équipement : Wifi, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, TV, DVD, lave-linge, sèche-cheveux… Quartier : A 10 minutes de Montmartre, à 3 minutes de la place de Clichy, 10 minutes de l’Opéra, 4 stations de métro des Champs Elysées et bus direct pour la Tour Eiffel.  Quartier très sympa, animé, plein de bars et restaurants. Nombreux transports. Supermarché à l’angle de la rue. Marché le dimanche. Immeuble sécurisé avec Digicode.  ------------------------------------------------------- Capacity : only 1 double bed / Possibility of an inflatable mattress ( comfort ) for 2 people in a corner of the room if needed (30 € surcharge) Equipment : Wifi , freezer , dishwasher , coffee maker , TV, DVD , washing machine, tumble dryer ... Area : 10 minutes from Montmartre , 3 minutes from the Place de Clichy , 10 minutes from th
801		Apartment typically Haussmanien with mouldings and fireplace. It is situated at the heart of the 17th district of Paris with parks, district of Batignolles 5mn walking, restaurants and bars as well as laundry & grocery stores. Perfectly served
802	This apartment is on the 1st floor of a very good standing building. The access is secured by three gates and an intercom. The building has  a lift. The windows of the master bedroom overlook the street but has double glazed windows. The French windows of the living-room and the second bedroom open on a terrace (equipped with an outside heater) overlooking a quiet courtyard planted with trees. This 85sqm apartment has two bedrooms with two bathrooms. It can sleep a total of six people. The entrance hall leads to the main room. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140×190), an elegant wooden coffee table with its four matching seats, a nice leather armchair, a large high definition television and an ethanol fireplace. A lovely terrace with a table and chairs will enable you to have your breakfast enjoying the quiet environment, even in winter as it has an outside heater. You will have this delicious feeling to be far away from the city. From the living-room, a small corridor l	Wonderful 85sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent for six people in Paris close to Place des Ternes. Well organized, nothing but high quality features. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a balcony...You will love this place ! This apartment is on the 1st floor of a very good standing building. The access is secured by three gates and an intercom. The building has  a lift. The windows of the master bedroom overlook the street but has double glazed windows. The French windows of the living-room and the second bedroom open on a terrace (equipped with an outside heater) overlooking a quiet courtyard planted with trees. This 85sqm apartment has two bedrooms with two bathrooms. It can sleep a total of six people. The entrance hall leads to the main room. The living-room features a sofabed (two sleeps 140×190), an elegant wooden coffee table with its four matching seats, a nice leather armchair, a large high definition television and an ethanol fireplace. A lovely terrace with a table and chairs will 
803	Very quiet flat, shiny, courtyard view, open-plan kitchen. Ideal area, lots of stores and markets (open on sundays). Near Montmartre and Batignolles area. Buses and subway line, and bicycles for rent...	Very quiet flat, shiny, courtyard view, open-plan kitchen. Ideal area, lots of stores and markets (open on sundays). Near Montmartre and Batignolles area. Buses and subway line, and bicycles for rent... Bathroom with shower and toilets, cleaning machine. Kitchen, fridge, dishes. Desk You can call me whenever... Very quiet flat, shiny, courtyard view, open-plan kitchen. Ideal area, lots of stores and markets (open on sundays). Near Montmartre and Batignolles area. Buses and subway line, and bicycles for rent... Bus to Champs Elysées, and Chatelet Subway line to St Lazare, Champs Elysées,  Montparnasse. Bicycle for rent.
804	Studio with one bathroom (toilets, washbasin, bath with shower) and a small kitchen (refrigerator, 2 electric hobs, sink). It is equipped with a double bed and futon for an additional guest. This charming studio is full of books and paintings, and located in the lively neighborhood of Clichy-Batignolles.	Studio with one bathroom (toilets, washbasin, bath with shower) and a small kitchen (refrigerator, 2 electric hobs, sink). It is equipped with a double bed and futon for an additional guest. This charming studio is full of books and paintings, and located in the lively neighborhood of Clichy-Batignolles. Lively and multicultural neighborhood. Lots of nice restaurants and cafés, cinemas, bookshop, theater and parks. Organic market on Saturdays
805	La vue et la situation dans le quartier des Batignolles	2 pièces de charme, lumineux avec cheminées, vue sur le Sacré Coeur à 30mètres du métro situé à quelques minutes de Montmartre. 1 chambre + 1 salon salle à manger, petite cuisine et salle de bains. Beaucoup de cachet et de charme. Bien équipé. La vue et la situation dans le quartier des Batignolles TV, musique, Wi-fi, facile d'accès Oui, je serai là à l'arrivée avec tous les conseils pratiques pour l'appartement et pour les escapades touristiques environnantes.
806	A beautiful bathroom with a big bath and toilets separate from it. There is a king size bed in the first bedroom, a double bed in the second, two singles bed in the third and convertible couch in the living room for two peoples.  All the apartment is very bright with a lot of lights from the multiple windows in it. I will personally let you some fruits, some milk, biscuits, cakes, tea and coffee so it's easier for you to make a breakfast the first and second day without making some supermarket shopping from the first day.  The place is perfect for alone travelers, couples or family because of the three rooms (I didn't had the time to take one photo the third sorry I will) and the big living room with a large table to make perfects family/couple dinner if you stay for the nights in the apartment.  If you want to bring your pet with you it would be nice to send me a photo of it becore because if it's (for example) a to big dog it would be problematic. For the night: one large bed for two	Bright apartment in the center of paris with a large living room. It's 10mn on foot from the Champs Élysées and 5mn on foot from the subway/RER station, there is a lot of shops around it (bakeries, pharmacies ..) A beautiful bathroom with a big bath and toilets separate from it. There is a king size bed in the first bedroom, a double bed in the second, two singles bed in the third and convertible couch in the living room for two peoples.  All the apartment is very bright with a lot of lights from the multiple windows in it. I will personally let you some fruits, some milk, biscuits, cakes, tea and coffee so it's easier for you to make a breakfast the first and second day without making some supermarket shopping from the first day.  The place is perfect for alone travelers, couples or family because of the three rooms (I didn't had the time to take one photo the third sorry I will) and the big living room with a large table to make perfects family/couple dinner if you stay for the night
807		In a beautiful haussmannian building, lovely studio of 26 square metre with great clearance (3 metres) de hauteur sous plafond. The building entrance is located in front of the Monceau park. Studio renovated in 2014, very bright and peaceful,  perfect for a romantic stay in Paris !
808		Bright Flat fully furnished and renewed at Porte Maillot/Palais des Congrès. 5 minutes to Champs Elysées. Groceries, Mall, metropolitan Line and an express line in the street. Airport Shuttle to Beauvais Airport at two minutes walking.
809	Salon d'angle très lumineux avec 4 fenêtres. Il épouse le coin d'un immeuble niché à un croisement en patte d'oie. On pourrait avoir le sentiment d'être à la proue d'un bateau. Meublé avec soin dans un style colonial.	 5 minutes walk from Metro Line 3 and 15 minutes from the Champs Elysées by metro.  Safe neighborhood with excellent restaurants, bars, bakery ...
810		50m square near Champs Elysees and Pigalle.  Beautiful and cosy. Located in a very quiet and safe résidence.
811	It is located at rue Trufeaut 75017 Paris it's near Moulin Rouge (10 min), Montmartre (10 min), Arc de Thrioumph , Champs- Elysee , the Eiffel Tower(15 min) ). Very well connected with Line 2(Rome) and 13 (Brochant), Line 14 ,12(Saint-Lazare). The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated 1 months ago so it's completely new. The studio is 36 square meters, which have a real bed and convertible big and comfortable double  bed. You'll also enjoy cooking facilities, including  totally equipped kitchen and a shower-room. You'll have  Wifi,  TV, a washing machine,dishwasher machine, micro-wave, toaster, hoover, an iron...The flat is relatively calm. And I provide clean and ironing sheets and towels and the cleaning kit	Situated between 3! metro stops , great location to reach by foots Montmartre , Batingolles, Arc de Trioumph, Champs-Elysee, the Eiffel Tower! Authentic Parisian cafes, shops , restaurants nearby  Comfortable beds and everything you need for a rest It is located at rue Trufeaut 75017 Paris it's near Moulin Rouge (10 min), Montmartre (10 min), Arc de Thrioumph , Champs- Elysee , the Eiffel Tower(15 min) ). Very well connected with Line 2(Rome) and 13 (Brochant), Line 14 ,12(Saint-Lazare). The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated 1 months ago so it's completely new. The studio is 36 square meters, which have a real bed and convertible big and comfortable double  bed. You'll also enjoy cooking facilities, including  totally equipped kitchen and a shower-room. You'll have  Wifi,  TV, a washing machine,dishwasher machine, micro-wave, toaster, hoover, an iron...The flat is relatively calm. And I p
812		"18 June - 15 August, my two-bedroom apartment, right next to Arc de Triomphe is for rent. It is fully equipped, with an acces to a small garden. Friendly, safe and ""chic"" neighbourghood, all imaginable shops around, 2min away from the metro station."
813	This apartment is new, very neat, il is located in a fashionable district of Paris. Out of the apartment and head for the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower is the ideal. Everythng is nearby, shops, market, restaurants...	Modern and cosy apartment. Welcoming ambiance, ideal for two people, located in a quiet street next to the Arc de Triomphe and commutes. Fully equipped kitchen. This apartment is new, very neat, il is located in a fashionable district of Paris. Out of the apartment and head for the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower is the ideal. Everythng is nearby, shops, market, restaurants... Metro, RER, bus, shuttle, Charles etoile saplings. Direct access to airports i'm listening
814	Vous disposerez de tout l’appartement (50m²), en toute quiétude. Il se situe au 3ème étage et qui se présente ainsi :  - un grand double salon baigné de lumière car orienté Sud. Télévision et Wifi disponibles, - une chambre agréable et très silencieuse: elle donne sur la cour privée d’une petite copropriété calme. Un rangement (penderie) sera mis à votre disposition, - une cuisine équipée (frigo, micro-ondes/grill, machine à café, grille-pain, bouilloire….).  - une salle de bains spacieuse et claire. Serviettes fournies. Il y a une machine à laver dans la salle de bain, et deux ou trois autres choses utiles (fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux), - des toilettes séparées. 	Grand et beau deux-pièces de 50 m², qui possède le charme typique de l'ancien à Paris : parquet au sol, moulures au plafond. Grand soleil dans le salon, du calme dans la chambre. Le tout dans un quartier animé et joyeux, proche de toutes commodités. Vous disposerez de tout l’appartement (50m²), en toute quiétude. Il se situe au 3ème étage et qui se présente ainsi :  - un grand double salon baigné de lumière car orienté Sud. Télévision et Wifi disponibles, - une chambre agréable et très silencieuse: elle donne sur la cour privée d’une petite copropriété calme. Un rangement (penderie) sera mis à votre disposition, - une cuisine équipée (frigo, micro-ondes/grill, machine à café, grille-pain, bouilloire….).  - une salle de bains spacieuse et claire. Serviettes fournies. Il y a une machine à laver dans la salle de bain, et deux ou trois autres choses utiles (fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux), - des toilettes séparées.  Le premier petit déjeuner est offert. Pour les suivants, il ne manque pas d
815	Charming 70m² apartment located in one of the best Paris area ! Two bedrooms, large bathroom with bath, kitchen and living room... The space is very airy with large windows overlooking the beautiful private garden of the building. The apartment has just been renovated by my husband and decorated by myself with luxury and stylish furniture (i'm an antiquarian) ! You will have the entire apartment to yourself. Me or my godson Benoit will be here to greet you with the keys and walk through the space and answer all of your questions. During your stay please feel free to contact us with any questions that you may have. It is our pleasure to be of assistance or to give restaurant and shopping advice. Benoit is also a pro photographer and can offer workshops and original city tour in extra, just ask him ! Villiers metro stop is just 100m from the apartment. You can also find public bikes and buses a few step away. Check-in: 3pm Check-out: 11am	Two bedrooms (1 king size bed + 2 singles), large bathroom, fully equipped kitchen and living room on the garden level. The apartment has just been renovated by my husband and decorated by myself ! Charming 70m² apartment located in one of the best Paris area ! Two bedrooms, large bathroom with bath, kitchen and living room... The space is very airy with large windows overlooking the beautiful private garden of the building. The apartment has just been renovated by my husband and decorated by myself with luxury and stylish furniture (i'm an antiquarian) ! You will have the entire apartment to yourself. Me or my godson Benoit will be here to greet you with the keys and walk through the space and answer all of your questions. During your stay please feel free to contact us with any questions that you may have. It is our pleasure to be of assistance or to give restaurant and shopping advice. Benoit is also a pro photographer and can offer workshops and original city tour in extra, just as
816	Dans une impasse calme à 10 minutes à pied des champs Elysée et de l'Arc de Triomphe. A 2 minutes d'Argentine (ligne1). Le quartier est vivant, avec supermarché, primeur, poissonnier, boucher, boulanger et restaurants dans la rue. Appartement idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes en séjour touristique dans la Capitale. L'appartement fait 14m² avec les toilettes privées sur le palier. Il se compose d'une chambre/salon, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain. Equipement disponible Dans la chambre : - internet (via wifi) - Clic clac avec draps fournis. Dans la cuisine - plaques chauffantes - four - four micro-onde - bouilloire - réfrigérateur - congélateur - vaisselles Dans la salle de bain - cabine de douche, les serviettes ne sont pas fournies. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour tout renseignement ! 	In a quiet street. 10 minutes to go to Champs Elysée and Arc de triomphe. Lovely place for your trip. You'll be like your home
817		Vous vous sentirez tout de suite chez vous dans ce studio confortable et totalement équipé . Idéalement situé à quelques pas de l'arc de triomphe et des champs elysées. Idéal pour visiter et faire du shopping.
818	The Champs-Elysées: Who hasn’t dreamed about waltzing hand-in-hand with a lover along its tree-lined streets towards the towering Arc de Triomphe at the west end? While the famous thoroughfare is known for its belles promenades, it also has much to offer in terms of shopping, eating and entertainment. In the surrounding neighborhood, you’ll find a brief respite from the intense crowds, a less touristy feel and a return to old Paris. The iconic avenue and its environs definitely merit a visit. Located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building equipped with a lift. You will be amazed by the moldings of the lobby and the beauty of the stairs, quite impressive ! The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. Only a few steps away from the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées and all its luxury stores ! You will enjoy the Parc Monceau, at less than 10 minutes by walk. All the shops that you could need are very close, such as a supermarket, bakeries, caterer and fish 	The Champs-Elysées: Who hasn’t dreamed about waltzing hand-in-hand with a lover along its tree-lined streets towards the towering Arc de Triomphe at the west end? While the famous thoroughfare is known for its belles promenades, it also has much to offer in terms of shopping, eating and entertainment. In the surrounding neighborhood, you’ll find a brief respite from the intense crowds, a less touristy feel and a return to old Paris. The iconic avenue and its environs definitely merit a visit. Located on the 3rd floor of a beautiful building equipped with a lift. You will be amazed by the moldings of the lobby and the beauty of the stairs, quite impressive ! The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. Only a few steps away from the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées and all its luxury stores ! You will enjoy the Parc Monceau, at less than 10 minutes by walk. All the shops that you could need are very close, such as a supermarket, bakeries, caterer and fish 
819	Hi, My flat is located near Porte Maillot, right next to Palais des congrès.  In Palais des Congrès, you will find shops, restaurants and cinemas.  Three minutes away from there, you will find buses to the main airports of the region: Roissy, Orly and Beauvais. 5 minutes walk away from there, you can take the tube at Porte Maillot station, the train (RER C) and 7 minutes walk away is Porte de Champeret station. Located  right down the shopping street of “l’avenue des Ternes”, you will find famous shops such as la Fnac, Maje, Sandro, Monoprix, Bio… and all the beautiful French fashion stores. You will be accommodated in a lovely two-room flat with a 10m2 bedroom furnished with a king-size bed and a bathroom ensuite. The large living-room is equipped with an open-plan kitchen and a standard size sofa-bed.    The building is designed in a very Parisian style from the thirties. The flat is very spacious thanks to the big ceiling height. It’s a very bright 40m2 flat, situated on the 4th flo	Hi, My flat is located near Porte Maillot, right next to Palais des congrès.  In Palais des Congrès, you will find shops, restaurants and cinemas.  Three minutes away from there, you will find buses to the main airports of the region: Roissy, Orly and Beauvais. 5 minutes walk away from there, you can take the tube at Porte Maillot station, the train (RER C) and 7 minutes walk away is Porte de Champeret station. Located  right down the shopping street of “l’avenue des Ternes”, you will find famous shops such as la Fnac, Maje, Sandro, Monoprix, Bio… and all the beautiful French fashion stores. You will be accommodated in a lovely two-room flat with a 10m2 bedroom furnished with a king-size bed and a bathroom ensuite. The large living-room is equipped with an open-plan kitchen and a standard size sofa-bed.    The building is designed in a very Parisian style from the thirties. The flat is very spacious thanks to the big ceiling height. It’s a very bright 40m2 flat, situated on the 4th flo
820	All equiped Confortable, perfect for short and long trip	Near to Monceau park, Near to shops Next to  All equiped Confortable, perfect for short and long trip Free wifi Beb linen, towels, shampooing & shower gel Map of Paris and Parisian transports A good adress To mail or phone The neighborhood is calm and safety. To 20 min  Underground: ligne 2: Villiers ligne 3: Villiers / Malesherbes / Wagram Train: Pont Cardinet Bus:  53 to Levallois
821	The apartment is located at the heart of the Batignolles area. Apartment with charm. It is on the 1st floor. This apartment of 42m2 is very bright.  The room on court, in quiet, has a big double bed (160x200). A baby bed is supplied if needed. There is a big closet and cupboards.  Sheets and towels are supplied.  The apartment has WiFi internet and television.  The kitchen is completely equipped with induction cookers, oven, coffee machine Nespresso, toaster... Dishwasher and washing machine can be used. Big bright living room with eating area. The bathroom has a bathtub (170x70) and toilet. Hairdryer and bathing products are supplied. The apartment is at 20 minutes by walk from Montmartre and Champs-Elysées. It is near the Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps.  Nearby, there are markets (Marché Bio and Marché couvert des Batignolles) and numerous nice restaurants.  Two beautiful parks are closed: Square des Batignolles and Parc Martin Luther King. I am at your disposal to organize at 	Welcome in our renovated and charming appartement. Located at the heart of the Batignolles area , near Montmartre and the Champs-Elysées. Apartment of 42m2, bright and quiet. Situated on the 1st floor. Ideal for a couple with a child.       The apartment is located at the heart of the Batignolles area. Apartment with charm. It is on the 1st floor. This apartment of 42m2 is very bright.  The room on court, in quiet, has a big double bed (160x200). A baby bed is supplied if needed. There is a big closet and cupboards.  Sheets and towels are supplied.  The apartment has WiFi internet and television.  The kitchen is completely equipped with induction cookers, oven, coffee machine Nespresso, toaster... Dishwasher and washing machine can be used. Big bright living room with eating area. The bathroom has a bathtub (170x70) and toilet. Hairdryer and bathing products are supplied. The apartment is at 20 minutes by walk from Montmartre and Champs-Elysées. It is near the Galeries Lafayette and th
822	A large one-bedroom with floor-to-ceiling windows in both the bedroom and living room. The bed sleeps two, a sofa and extra mattress can sleep two more. Hardwood floors and a charming building make this apartment the perfect home away from home!	A large one-bedroom with floor-to-ceiling windows in both the bedroom and living room. The bed sleeps two, a sofa and extra mattress can sleep two more. Hardwood floors and a charming building make this apartment the perfect home away from home! A large one-bedroom with floor-to-ceiling windows in both the bedroom and living room. The bed sleeps two, a sofa and extra mattress can sleep two more. Hardwood floors and a charming building make this apartment the perfect home away from home! You'll have complete access to the apartment and one set of keys. We're a bilingual franco-american couple, so chances are, we'll be able to find a common language! We'll be happy to give you our personal phone number and email in case of any questions or concerns. We love Paris and will be happy to give you advice on where to go and what to see! This place is perfect to discover Paris in awesome conditions, for lovers, in family or with friends. You'll find everything around this area: museums, theater
823	I am subrenting my nice flat nearby Batignolles and Montmartre. It includes 2 rooms, it is all furnished and got Internet and wahsing machine. It is located on a quite street and there is a view on a nice square with a church. Very typical! Montmartre is 10 minutes walk, Batignolles 5 minutes walk and St Lazare station 15 minutes walk. In the neighborhood, you'll find all kinds of shops, cinemas and event a photo museum LE BAL. I painted the whole flat very recently and changed the furnitures so it is all sweet and cosy. In the Batignolles, just nearby, you'll find cafés and great restaurants, two parks and lots of nice vintage shops.	I am subrenting my nice flat nearby Batignolles and Montmartre. It includes 2 rooms, it is all furnished and got Internet and wahsing machine. It is located on a quite street and there is a view on a nice square with a church. Very typical! Montmartre is 10 minutes walk, Batignolles 5 minutes walk and St Lazare station 15 minutes walk. In the neighborhood, you'll find all kinds of shops, cinemas and event a photo museum LE BAL. I painted the whole flat very recently and changed the furnitures so it is all sweet and cosy. In the Batignolles, just nearby, you'll find cafés and great restaurants, two parks and lots of nice vintage shops.
824	"Apt entire remodeled in June 2014, in a typical and quiet building,from 10 minutes walk to ""Avenue Des Champs Elysées"". Living room with a sofa bed (2 people), diner table for 4, LED TV 55 inches, open kitchen with marble counter top, microwave, oven, cook top, american fridge, coffee machine, electric kettle, dishwasher and washer dryer. Bathroom with 2 sinks, shower, heated towel rack,hair dryer. Separated toilette. Bedroom with Queen size bed, closet. All the linen are provided, TV cable and Internet WIFI."	"Charming apartment ideally located (Metro Ternes) 10 minutes walk from the ""Avenue Des Champs Elysées"", close to all of the best sites and attractions! This apartment was entire remodeled in June 2014. Apt entire remodeled in June 2014, in a typical and quiet building,from 10 minutes walk to ""Avenue Des Champs Elysées"". Living room with a sofa bed (2 people), diner table for 4, LED TV 55 inches, open kitchen with marble counter top, microwave, oven, cook top, american fridge, coffee machine, electric kettle, dishwasher and washer dryer. Bathroom with 2 sinks, shower, heated towel rack,hair dryer. Separated toilette. Bedroom with Queen size bed, closet. All the linen are provided, TV cable and Internet WIFI. Someone professional will be in the apartment to welcome you! You will be in love with the area, famous bakery, Fresh market, shops, restaurants, bars and more ! 35 minutes from Roissy Charles De Gaulle Airport, possibility for a personal transportation from the airport for 80 € (4 "
825	"Cet appartement familial offre 4 chambres très calmes situées sur cours intérieure arborée. Il est situé au 1ier étage avec ascenseur et a été totalement rénové récemment. Il est composé : - d'une entrée/ bureau - d'une cuisine  moderne ( four à tiroir, four micro onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine expresso, lave vaisselle, pressoir à jus, plaque électriques à induction…) -d'un salon sur rue avec téléviseur écran plat 3 dimensions, d'une chaine hifi ( nombreux films , CD et livres à dispositions) - une salle à manger pour les "" grands"" et d'un espace pour les plus petits avec table et chaises pour enfants. - une salle de jeux pour enfant - une petite buanderie avec machine à laver digitale. - 2 chambres parentales : une avec un lit de 180X200 cm et une autre avec un lit de 140X200 cm à mémoire de forme. - 2 chambres pour enfants  : une chambre avec deux lits de 90X200 pouvant accueillir 2 adultes  et une autre chambre avec 1 lit de bebe et un autre lit d'enfant 70X170 cm. - 2 sa"	L'appartement familial récemment rénové est idéalement situé près des Champs Elysées et du Bois de Boulogne . Il est au 1 ire étage d'un immeuble parisien 1930. Le style est moderne, épuré, naturel. Il comporte 2 salles de bain et 4 chambres calmes :  3 chambres peuvent accueillir 6 adultes et 1 chambre d'enfants  avec un lit de bébé jusqu'à 3 ans  et un lit d'enfant  de 1,5 m jusqu' à 10 ans environ. 1 salle de jeux. Sur demande :  lit bébé et canapé lit dans la salon. Fête interdite... Cet appartement familial offre 4 chambres très calmes situées sur cours intérieure arborée. Il est situé au 1ier étage avec ascenseur et a été totalement rénové récemment. Il est composé : - d'une entrée/ bureau - d'une cuisine  moderne ( four à tiroir, four micro onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine expresso, lave vaisselle, pressoir à jus, plaque électriques à induction…) -d'un salon sur rue avec téléviseur écran plat 3 dimensions, d'une chaine hifi ( nombreux films , CD et livres à dispositions
826	Charming, renovated 2 room appartment just 15 minutes walk away from the heart of Montmartre, 20 minutes away from Sacre Coeur, le Moulin Rouge and le Cimetière de Montmartre and a 10 minute metro ride away from the middle of the Champs Elysées! 27m2 cosy but spacious, light and airy 2 room flat at Metro Guy Moquet, my road is wedged between Sacre Coeur, Buttes de Montmartre & trendy Batignolles district. Its narrow cobblestone road leads you up to the Cimetiere de Montmarte and on to Place des Abbesses and Sacre Coeur. The flat is for you alone / totally private.  It is ideal for 2 people. Couple plus a baby is fine and there is no extra charge. Couple plus a young child is possible + charge.  THE FLAT 3rd floor no lift. With the restoration finished in August 2012, the appartment offers the CHARM OF THE OLD & THE COMEFORT OF THE NEW. 1) KITCHEN - DINING ROOM fully equipped: fridge, 4 ring induction hot plate, microwave oven, kettle, cutlery, plates, clothes washing machine etc plus f	Charming, renovated 2 room appartment just 15 minutes walk away from the heart of Montmartre, 20 minutes away from Sacre Coeur, le Moulin Rouge and le Cimetière de Montmartre and a 10 minute metro ride away from the middle of the Champs Elysées! 27m2 cosy but spacious, light and airy 2 room flat at Metro Guy Moquet, my road is wedged between Sacre Coeur, Buttes de Montmartre & trendy Batignolles district. Its narrow cobblestone road leads you up to the Cimetiere de Montmarte and on to Place des Abbesses and Sacre Coeur. The flat is for you alone / totally private.  It is ideal for 2 people. Couple plus a baby is fine and there is no extra charge. Couple plus a young child is possible + charge.  THE FLAT 3rd floor no lift. With the restoration finished in August 2012, the appartment offers the CHARM OF THE OLD & THE COMEFORT OF THE NEW. 1) KITCHEN - DINING ROOM fully equipped: fridge, 4 ring induction hot plate, microwave oven, kettle, cutlery, plates, clothes washing machine etc plus f
827	Very central position to circulate in Paris (you can use (website hidden) or ratp app to organize your travel plans in Paris) Super convenient, at second floor with double glass windows.  Nice looking with two sides windows, bright and cosy	My place is a lovely 2 rooms appartment in a very desirable area of Paris, 200 meters away from the pedestrian Levis market street and next to the lively Batignolles area.Freshly renewed, nice and quiet, it has everything you need to enjoy your stay. Very central position to circulate in Paris (you can use (website hidden) or ratp app to organize your travel plans in Paris) Super convenient, at second floor with double glass windows.  Nice looking with two sides windows, bright and cosy Kindly note that I'm not around when my guests are Very lively neighbourhood, so many places to get outside for a drink or a bite that I could not name them all. You can find my personal best choices in the guide. Closest Metro stop is either Villier (line 3) or Rome (line 6). Metro 66, 53, 30 and 31 passing nearby as well.  Use (website hidden) or RATP app for easy trip planning
828		Lieu de charme parisien, cet appartement lumineux du quartier des Batignolles, à 10 minutes de Montmartre, est parfait pour un couple désireux de se promener et de passer du temps dans un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris.
829	Nice room in a sunny flat, on a quiet street, kitchen and bathroom shared.	Nice and quiet private room in a charming flat, kitchen and bathroom shared.   SOFA SPECIAL OFFER : 40 euros only per night                   Nice room in a sunny flat, on a quiet street, kitchen and bathroom shared. A supermarket is open every day just around the corner. Numerous trendy bars and restaurants are worth checking out in the area, and will delight the papillae of the gourmands and the connoisseurs of good wine.  Nice place to live, you can easily find lot of shops, creators of accessories, jewels and clothes.
830		Studio de 20m2, entièrement rénové, donnant sur cour intérieure au RDC d'un immeuble très calme au centre du 17e.  Profitez d'une salle de bain et cuisine équipée indépendante.  A proximité de la place Clichy et de plusieurs transports en commun. Métro :  - Ligne 13 : La Fourche - Ligne 2 : Place de Clichy
831		Deux-pieces refait a neuf et lumineux. Grande cuisine lumineuse. Petite terrasse très agréable pour prendre le café. L'appartement est équipé d'un lit double et d'un canapé lit. À distance à pied de Montmartre, St Lazare et Pigalle. À 2 pas du métro.
832	Idéal pour couple à la découverte de Paris, quartier calme non touristique mais très proche des quartiers touristiques et animés (8ème, 17ème, 18ème). Logement typiquement parisien entièrement meublé avec parquet au sol.	Studio avec salle de bain et cuisine aménagée séparées, très propre et lumineux, avec vue plongeante sur les toits de Paris et Montmartre. Nous apercevons également la Tour Eiffel. Le quartier est idéal pour découvrir Paris, et la vie parisienne. Idéal pour couple à la découverte de Paris, quartier calme non touristique mais très proche des quartiers touristiques et animés (8ème, 17ème, 18ème). Logement typiquement parisien entièrement meublé avec parquet au sol.
833		Located on the 7th floor of an art deco building, this well laid out 13m2 studio is bright & peaceful.  Ideally located near square des Batignolles (17th district), steps away from Metro Rome (line Nation/Etoile), 15 minutes walk to St Lazare, Montmartre & shopping, many neat cafes, restaurants & markets. Fully equipped kitchenette (hotplates, microwave, fridge, new tableware), bathroom, comfortable sofa bed, closets, central heat, smoke detector. Elevator up to 6th floor. If staying more than 5 days, a French SIM card can be lent to you allowing you to access Internet. Located between Parc Monceau, Place de Clichy/Montmartre, Saint Lazare and Madeleine, the neighbourhood is young and friendly, with easy access to trendy cafes and restaurants. Metro Rome on one of the main subway lines - Nation/Etoile Exchange possible in French, English or Italian
834		Charmant studio en rez de chaussée dans petit immeuble de deux étages. Le plus: calme, un petit jardin privatif devant, et aucun vis à vis. Métro Brochant ou Guy Môquet. Location 5 nuits minimum. Joignable et disponible . Quartier calme et agréable, nombreux cafés, commerces et laveries à 2 minutes à pied! A 5 minutes à pied de la magnifique Cité des Fleurs! Métro Brochant, Guy Môquet ou  Porte de Clichy. Nombreuses lignes de bus à proximité.
835	25 sqm studio ideally located for one or two persons.   Kitchen and Bathroon with appropriate equipement. Unlimited access to Wi-Fi and TV. Very safety neighborhood.	"This charming 25 m² (270 sq. feet) apartment is located on Passage Doisy in the lively 17th district called Etoile-Ternes. Subway:  Argentine, Metro Line 1 ; Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, RER A; Ternes, Metro Line 2.  The apartment accommodates 2 people. 25 sqm studio ideally located for one or two persons.   Kitchen and Bathroon with appropriate equipement. Unlimited access to Wi-Fi and TV. Very safety neighborhood. Typically Parisian apartment situated in an ancient beautifull the 19th century building where you can easily reach the Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysees avenue, Place de la Concorde, Tuileries Parc, Palais des Congres, La Defense (very close to public transport RER A ""Charles de Gaule-Etoile"" and the metro line 1 ""Argentine"") This area is known for its Parisian atmosphere with many cafes, restaurants, French bakeries and shops for all tastes. At the heart of the City of Light in a few minutes walk and you will be next to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs-Elysées, the most well-known "
836	Dear guests, Have you ever heard about Rue Poncelet?  One of the best and typical open daily Parisian street market ? You'll find all fresh product: foie Gras, cheese, wine, fishes, meat, charcuterie, saucisson, oysters, baguette etc... the flat 4 minutes away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe and close to the Parc Monceau, this newly refurbished and fully furnished apartment is very central for anyone that comes to Paris for few days even for few weeks. About 40 sqm situated on the 4th floor without lift, the flat is bright and calm thanks to the interior courtyard orientation. It is perfect for a couple but it can accommodate up to 4 persons as we have a sofa that can turn up completely into a comfortable bed inside the leaving room. Furniture We have everything you would need: linens, towels, kitchen waves, cleaning machine, dish machine, toaster, microwave, fridge, freezer, oven, gas cooktop with extractor fan, vacuum cleaner, iron… TV and Internet Wifi are also inclu	Dear guests, Have you ever heard about Rue Poncelet?  One of the best and typical open daily Parisian street market ? You'll find all fresh product: foie Gras, cheese, wine, fishes, meat, charcuterie, saucisson, oysters, baguette etc... the flat 4 minutes away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe and close to the Parc Monceau, this newly refurbished and fully furnished apartment is very central for anyone that comes to Paris for few days even for few weeks. About 40 sqm situated on the 4th floor without lift, the flat is bright and calm thanks to the interior courtyard orientation. It is perfect for a couple but it can accommodate up to 4 persons as we have a sofa that can turn up completely into a comfortable bed inside the leaving room. Furniture We have everything you would need: linens, towels, kitchen waves, cleaning machine, dish machine, toaster, microwave, fridge, freezer, oven, gas cooktop with extractor fan, vacuum cleaner, iron… TV and Internet Wifi are also inclu
837	"This apparemment is located next to all the great monuments in Paris, such as ""The arc de Triumphe, Eiffel Tower"" and the world-famous « Avenue of the Champs-Elysees ». The district is alive, the residents there are nice and respectful as for the neighbors too. In this appartement you will appreciate the city of light in all is glory. Place in the 17th district (arrondissement) , the building consists of 6 floors.  Take advantage of a very beautiful welcoming and modern studio, a surface of 25 square meters. This studio is brand new, charming and reflect what a true parisien appartement looks like. It is  located at the ground floor of a residential building without guard but well protected by a digicode to enter the building. In the main room of the studio, you will find a sofa reads for 2 people very comfortable as well as a sofa reads for 1 person. So this studio can easily welcome three persons. We also have an equipped and fitted out kitchen area: with plates vitreous ceramics, a "	"This apparemment is located next to all the great monuments in Paris, such as ""The arc de Triumphe, Eiffel Tower"" and the world-famous « Avenue of the Champs-Elysees ». The district is alive, the residents there are nice and respectful as for the neighbors too. In this appartement you will appreciate the city of light in all is glory. Place in the 17th district (arrondissement) , the building consists of 6 floors.  Take advantage of a very beautiful welcoming and modern studio, a surface of 25 square meters. This studio is brand new, charming and reflect what a true parisien appartement looks like. It is  located at the ground floor of a residential building without guard but well protected by a digicode to enter the building. In the main room of the studio, you will find a sofa reads for 2 people very comfortable as well as a sofa reads for 1 person. So this studio can easily welcome three persons. We also have an equipped and fitted out kitchen area: with plates vitreous ceramics, a "
838	Bel appartement de 33 m2, idéalement situé au nord du 17 eme arrondissement, entre 3 stations de métro (Brochant, Guy Môquet, Place de Clichy), très lumineux, au 4e étage sans ascenseur d'un bâtiment sur cour, l'appartement est très calme, fraîchement rénové, doté d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain modernes et entièrement équipées. Il peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes : deux dans la chambre (lit double), deux dans le salon (canapé-lit ultra confortable). Lit bébé disponible sur demande. Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition: - La cuisine refaite à neuf avec tout l'équipement moderne (lave vaisselle / réfrigérateur / micro onde / four / plaques à induction / machine a café / bouilloire / grille pain) - Grande table de bar avec chaises hautes - Salle de douche fonctionnelle avec une machine à laver le linge - Nombreux rangements (penderie dans la chambre, placard à étagères dans le salon, meuble spécial chaussures) Nous laissons dans l'appartement tout le nécessaire pour	Bel appartement de 33 m2, idéalement situé au nord du 17 eme arrondissement, entre 3 stations de métro (Brochant, Guy Môquet, Place de Clichy), très lumineux, au 4e étage sans ascenseur d'un bâtiment sur cour, l'appartement est très calme, fraîchement rénové, doté d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain modernes et entièrement équipées. Il peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes : deux dans la chambre (lit double), deux dans le salon (canapé-lit ultra confortable). Lit bébé disponible sur demande. Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition: - La cuisine refaite à neuf avec tout l'équipement moderne (lave vaisselle / réfrigérateur / micro onde / four / plaques à induction / machine a café / bouilloire / grille pain) - Grande table de bar avec chaises hautes - Salle de douche fonctionnelle avec une machine à laver le linge - Nombreux rangements (penderie dans la chambre, placard à étagères dans le salon, meuble spécial chaussures) Nous laissons dans l'appartement tout le nécessaire pour
839	Quartier très agréable. Immeuble tranquille. chambre de service indépendante.	Studio in a beautiful hausmannian flat. 7th floor without elevator. Kitchen, shower, wc on the floor. Calm. Full of light. Shops , nearby the Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Palais des congrès... Quartier très agréable. Immeuble tranquille. chambre de service indépendante.
840	Welcome home ! I am renting my flat when I am on holidays. This is a very spacious flat (800 Sp Ft.) very close to the underground (200m) which will lead you to the very center of Paris in 15 minutes (Galeries Lafayette, Opera, Louvre, Eiffer Tower). The flat includes: - 2 master bedrooms with king size bed - 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2 people - 1 bathroom (full bath) - 1 separated WC - All equiped kitchen (oven,large refrigerator, freezer, electric hotplates, dishwasher, washing/dryer machine) - 2 Large wardrobes - One terrace - 1 interior parking space access with private access (bip) - Internet  (high speed wireless) - TV with international channels -  A DVD player -  A Nespresso machine Amenities : __________________________________________ Coffee maker Toaster Hair dryer Umbrella Electric kettle Cutlery All kitchen appliances Sheets and towels provided Central heating Elevator The whole flat is brand new and modern. The neighbourhood is very friendly : plenty of restaurant	Welcome home ! I am renting my flat when I am on holidays. This is a very spacious flat (800 Sp Ft.) very close to the underground (200m) which will lead you to the very center of Paris in 15 minutes (Galeries Lafayette, Opera, Louvre, Eiffer Tower). The flat includes: - 2 master bedrooms with king size bed - 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2 people - 1 bathroom (full bath) - 1 separated WC - All equiped kitchen (oven,large refrigerator, freezer, electric hotplates, dishwasher, washing/dryer machine) - 2 Large wardrobes - One terrace - 1 interior parking space access with private access (bip) - Internet  (high speed wireless) - TV with international channels -  A DVD player -  A Nespresso machine Amenities : __________________________________________ Coffee maker Toaster Hair dryer Umbrella Electric kettle Cutlery All kitchen appliances Sheets and towels provided Central heating Elevator The whole flat is brand new and modern. The neighbourhood is very friendly : plenty of restaurant
841	Un merveilleux 2 Pièces typiquement PARISIEN au dernier étage d'un Hôtel particulier (accès par escalier au 2ème étage). - Magnifique et large BALCON filant fleuri avec une table et 2 chaises, vue sur jardin et toits parisiens, pour un petit déjeuner typiquement parisien! - Grand séjour ensoleillé et meublé avec goût. Équipement multimédia (TV écran plat, lecteur DVD et chaine hifi) et accès wifi. - Belle chambre avec grand et confortable lit double (160cm) et rangements. - Charmante salle de bain avec baignoire pour un bain moussant. Un sèche-cheveux est aussi disponible. Les WC sont séparés.  - Agréable et spacieuse cuisine toute équipée, notamment lave-vaisselle, four combiné micro-ondes, et tout le matériel de cuisine nécessaire pour vos talents de chef !  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Nous offrons également tout ce qu’il vous faut pour vos boissons chaudes (thés, café, tisanes). Notre appartement est à votre disposition pour que votre séjour puisse vous être le plus ag	Dans un Hôtel particulier à 2 pas du Parc Monceau, très beau 2 Pièces de 60m2. Grand BALCON au soleil toute la journée, vue sur un jardin. Calme, accueillant, ensoleillé. Grand séjour et belle chambre. Salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine équipée. Un merveilleux 2 Pièces typiquement PARISIEN au dernier étage d'un Hôtel particulier (accès par escalier au 2ème étage). - Magnifique et large BALCON filant fleuri avec une table et 2 chaises, vue sur jardin et toits parisiens, pour un petit déjeuner typiquement parisien! - Grand séjour ensoleillé et meublé avec goût. Équipement multimédia (TV écran plat, lecteur DVD et chaine hifi) et accès wifi. - Belle chambre avec grand et confortable lit double (160cm) et rangements. - Charmante salle de bain avec baignoire pour un bain moussant. Un sèche-cheveux est aussi disponible. Les WC sont séparés.  - Agréable et spacieuse cuisine toute équipée, notamment lave-vaisselle, four combiné micro-ondes, et tout le matériel de cuisine nécessaire pour v
842	Parisian apartment of 25m ² with a small bedroom. American kitchen any outing, lounge with LED screen 86 cms, Free Tv, WiFi, Canal+... Italian-style shower. Very quiet, in the 2nd floor of a small building situated in a passage at the heart of the village of Tocqueville and its famous street of Lévis. 20 min on foot Champs-Elysées, 20 min on foot the Sacred Heart, 10 min in subway of Opera. 10 min on foot of St Lazare... It remains a small apartment, completes for a couple. Subway Malesherbes or Villiers (Line 2 or 3) Drunk 53, 94, 31 and 518	Parisian apartment of 25m ² with a small bedroom. American kitchen any outing, lounge with LED screen 86 cms, Free Tv, WiFi, Canal+... Italian-style shower. Very quiet, in the 2nd floor of a small building situated in a passage at the heart of the village of Tocqueville and its famous street of Lévis. 20 min on foot Champs-Elysées, 20 min on foot the Sacred Heart, 10 min in subway of Opera. 10 min on foot of St Lazare... It remains a small apartment, completes for a couple. Subway Malesherbes or Villiers (Line 2 or 3) Drunk 53, 94, 31 and 518 A party of my closet will be freed so that you can hang your clothes. I am reachable by e-mail with no problem at all Métro Malesherbes ou Villiers (Ligne 2 ou 3) Bus 53, 94, 31 et 518
843	Charming accommodation for 2 people does up like new tastefully and of details. We chose an at the same time modern and cosy style as the comfort of our travelers. It situation is more a strong asset(trump card) to discover the city, have fun and have a walk.	Charming studio in a street livened up of businesses, bars, restaurants.. Fully-equipped kitchen to cook, bathroom with Italian-style shower, lounge with big dressing room, office, flat screen TV and WIFI. Sheets and bath towels are supplied. Charming accommodation for 2 people does up like new tastefully and of details. We chose an at the same time modern and cosy style as the comfort of our travelers. It situation is more a strong asset(trump card) to discover the city, have fun and have a walk. The rent is a whole and complete studio understanding(including) a lounge(show) with a sofa reads of superior quality for an excellent sleeping around, what is essential. For an ease of use(custom) the sofa becomes bed with a single hand and closes in the same way. Sheets are also of very good quality. If you wish, it is completely possible to live in the apartment by leaving the open bed. The cooking(kitchen) is very nice in a typically Parisian style and equipped to cook, or simply have an 
844	"2 rooms comfortably furnished , very cozy and warm in a typical and lively . Ideal for 3 people. Very well located in the heart of ""Le village des Batignolles"" (many restaurants , bars , small shops that make the charm of Paris)"	"2 rooms comfortably furnished , very cozy and warm and fully equiped. Ideal for 3 people In the heart of ""Le village des Batignolles"" (many restaurants , bars , small shops, supermarket, bakery, etc) 0.02m from metro 2 rooms comfortably furnished , very cozy and warm in a typical and lively . Ideal for 3 people. Very well located in the heart of ""Le village des Batignolles"" (many restaurants , bars , small shops that make the charm of Paris) The flat is renovated and fully equipped to make your stay as pleasant as possible :  1 bedroom with double bed  1 Living room with office, sofa, armchairs, tv and extra bed (electric inflatable very comfortable). Kitchen with hob, oven , fridge, washing machine 1 bathroom with big shower, toilet, etc Sheets and towels provided . Free Wifi.  Mail, phone, whatsap Find a real neighborhood life in the heart of Paris! The Batignolles district looks like a village in the heart of the city, with many restaurants , bars , small shops (bakery , greengrocer"
845		Bel appartement Haussmanien de 3 chambres, et cuisine équipée. Proche place de l'Etoile.  Peut accueillir 8 personnes. Profitez de ce lieu tout confort pour un séjour parisien, au pied du métro et de toutes commodités.
846		We have a very nice room in a calm street, but very close to various shops and an alive neighborhood. There are many boulangeries around, cafés and restaurants. It is one block away from metro and bus stations, and a laundromat.
847	Right, this will be an unusual description. I am a friend of Remi's and Nathalie's who are completely new to this. I have been succesfully renting my studio on airbnb for years, and upon reading their description , I felt it was a crime to let them post what they wrote. (you can ask them for my contact if you want to check me out. I have a lot of great reviews even though my place is not half as good as theirs!) So here is my description of them and of their place. May my arms fall off if I am lying about any of this or exagerating. You will thank me. Book quickly. I have just told them to start their prices low to get some reviews, but soon their prices will go up, because it is worth much more.   So, the info:  - YOUR HOSTS: two of the most generous, attentive, kind, sweet people you'll ever meet (especially when you know how talented and busy they are). They will be totally available to help you, give advise if needed, recommend restaurants cafes etc etc etc. - THE PLACE:  *First of	Near Montmartre foothill / Place de Clichy, trendy Batignolles area.  Wonderful flat/house, 1 bedroom, 42 sqm, warmly decorated, woodwork, antique red floor tiles, entirely equiped. Floor level in private quiet cobble stone green alley Right, this will be an unusual description. I am a friend of Remi's and Nathalie's who are completely new to this. I have been succesfully renting my studio on airbnb for years, and upon reading their description , I felt it was a crime to let them post what they wrote. (you can ask them for my contact if you want to check me out. I have a lot of great reviews even though my place is not half as good as theirs!) So here is my description of them and of their place. May my arms fall off if I am lying about any of this or exagerating. You will thank me. Book quickly. I have just told them to start their prices low to get some reviews, but soon their prices will go up, because it is worth much more.   So, the info:  - YOUR HOSTS: two of the most generous, a
848	Au cœur des Batignolles, appartement de charme idéal pour s'imprégner de l'esprit Parisien.  Nous avons créé un écrin confortable ou nous avons beaucoup de plaisir à passer du temps et recevoir.	Nous vous proposons un agréable appartement situé au coeur des Batignolles.  Il se compose de 2 grandes chambres, 1 cuisine toute équipée, 1 salle de douche, toilette séparée.  Très agréable et joliment décoré, idéal pour un séjour court ou long. Au cœur des Batignolles, appartement de charme idéal pour s'imprégner de l'esprit Parisien.  Nous avons créé un écrin confortable ou nous avons beaucoup de plaisir à passer du temps et recevoir. Métro: Ligne 13 et 2 Bus: 66, 80.  Vélib et Autolib disponible non loin  Station de taxi rue Brochant.  Je suis avide de nouveautés et serai ravie de vous faire partager mes expériences et conseils. J'aime le calme du quartier, ce coté si paisible à vivre au quotidien.  Un endroit idél pour se reposer des journées dynamiques de la vie Parisienne. Métro: Ligne 13 et 2 Bus: 66, 80.  Vélib et Autolib disponible non loin  Station de taxi rue Brochant.  Très ouvertes pour toutes demandes supplémentaires.
849	Charming room on the 8th floor with a large terrace and stunning view over the rooftops of Paris, Montmartre and Eiffeil Tour! A truly impressive and rare for Paris! 	Charming room on the 8th floor with a large terrace and stunning view over the rooftops of Paris, Montmartre and Eiffeil Tour! A truly impressive and rare for Paris!   I would not be present during your stay. The apartment is located in a very quiet and exclusive area, which ensures maximum safety and tranquility. Lévis street, very nice shopping street is 200m housing.  The subway located less than 50m allows you to access the city center in less than 30 minutes! 
850		Appartement 31m², 3ème étage, situé quartier des Batignolles, facile d'accès ligne 13 du métro. Proche commerces épicerie, boulangerie, restaurants, bars. Fonctionnel. Idéal couple
851	This luxury apartment, starts with a large corridor leading to a spacious and stylish double living-room with a designer couch, a coffee table, an armchair and two velvet stools. The large and elegant dinning table for up to eight people coming with eight designed white chairs. All the dishes and cutlery you need is provided so you can dine with family or friends in style! To prepare the best meal, the brand new, modern and fully equipped kitchen comes with induction power hob, an oven, a microwave, an expresso machine, a toaster, kettle, and plenty other devices to compete with the best chefs!  The apartment has two large bedrooms, coming both with top quality king size beds (200x200) and a flatscreen TV. The master bedroom has a superb ensuite shower-room. The second bedroom has a bathroom, with bathtub with a shower head and a toilet. There is also another separated toilet in the apartment. Plenty of storage available, with a very nice dressing and lots of wild closets. 	Superb 100sqm apartment, entirely refurbished in 2014 with very high standard equipment. The flat has two bedrooms with king size beds, two modern bathrooms, and a fully equipped kitchen. In the outstanding Avenue Niel near the Champs Elysées. This luxury apartment, starts with a large corridor leading to a spacious and stylish double living-room with a designer couch, a coffee table, an armchair and two velvet stools. The large and elegant dinning table for up to eight people coming with eight designed white chairs. All the dishes and cutlery you need is provided so you can dine with family or friends in style! To prepare the best meal, the brand new, modern and fully equipped kitchen comes with induction power hob, an oven, a microwave, an expresso machine, a toaster, kettle, and plenty other devices to compete with the best chefs!  The apartment has two large bedrooms, coming both with top quality king size beds (200x200) and a flatscreen TV. The master bedroom has a superb ensuite 
852	Situated on the 6th floor (no lift), it's a very beautiful, quiet (double glazings) and bright flat, nicely and soberly decorated, of 323 square ft² (30m²). It is South-East oriented with a view on the Eiffel Tower! It's a very charming flat situated in the 17th arrondissement in Paris and is located 15 mn by walk from Triumphal arche, Champs Elysées and 10 min from the Parc Monceau and Batignolles.  The flat is composed of 2 rooms: - The Living room where you can find a sofa, and 2 cumfortable armchairs, and a kitchen fully equiped. - The Bedroom with a bed for two people and a closet. Next to it, there is a bathroom with a big shower, toilets, and a washing machine. This area is full of traditional bars, good restaurants and many shops (next to the Place des Ternes, well known, for its shops and restaurants):  - wine shops - fruit and vegetable stores - delicious bakeries - several supermarkets and a department store - big brands known for all such as Habitat, Gap, Decathlon, Fnac, D	Situated on the 6th floor (no lift), it's a very beautiful, quiet (double glazings) and bright flat, nicely and soberly decorated, of 323 square ft² (30m²). It is South-East oriented with a view on the Eiffel Tower! It's a very charming flat situated in the 17th arrondissement in Paris and is located 15 mn by walk from Triumphal arche, Champs Elysées and 10 min from the Parc Monceau and Batignolles.  The flat is composed of 2 rooms: - The Living room where you can find a sofa, and 2 cumfortable armchairs, and a kitchen fully equiped. - The Bedroom with a bed for two people and a closet. Next to it, there is a bathroom with a big shower, toilets, and a washing machine. This area is full of traditional bars, good restaurants and many shops (next to the Place des Ternes, well known, for its shops and restaurants):  - wine shops - fruit and vegetable stores - delicious bakeries - several supermarkets and a department store - big brands known for all such as Habitat, Gap, Decathlon, Fnac, D
853	Joliment décoré, lumineux et calme (il donne sur cour), il se compose d'un salon, d'une chambre ainsi que d'une sdb et cuisine séparés. Idéalement situé au plein coeur du quartier typique des Batignolles offrant de nombreux restos, bars et boutiques, l'appartement est également à proximité des lignes 2 et 13.	Situé rue Lemercier, en plein coeur du quartier vivant des Batignolles (Paris 17), cet appartement chaleureux et douillet de 35 m2 est à 2 mn à pied du métro Brochant (ligne 13) et 5 mn de la ligne 2 (Place de Clichy). Joliment décoré, lumineux et calme (il donne sur cour), il se compose d'un salon, d'une chambre ainsi que d'une sdb et cuisine séparés. Idéalement situé au plein coeur du quartier typique des Batignolles offrant de nombreux restos, bars et boutiques, l'appartement est également à proximité des lignes 2 et 13. Cet appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver, du wifi, de plaques de cuisson, d'un four et même d'une machine Nespresso. Le quartier des Batignolles est idéal pour sortir (bars, restos...), faire du shopping et se balader. Il est unique par son ambiance de petit village, son charme typique et ses petites rues étroites. Je vous donnerai toutes mes bonnes adresses ! Le logement est à 2 mn à pied de la ligne 13 (métro Brochant) et 5 mn de la ligne 2 (Place de Clich
854	"Located near the Hebertot Theatre, and only few minutes from St LAZARE district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Opéra Garnier), this 35m2 flat is situated on the 1st floor of a typical and secure (digicode at the entrance door) Haussmanian building (XIX century). Recently refurnished and designed by arquitect, this apartment counts with a living room and a large bedroom with parquet floors. A brand new kitchen (equipped with fridge, vitroceramics, oven, coffee machine, washing and drying machine, dishwasher, toaster,  and all the cooking utensils needed). A full interior bathroom with an italian shower. Other commodities include plasma TV, internet wireless and a large storing placard. All Linens included. ACCESS: Metro Station ROME (line 2) or VILLIERS (lines 2 and 3). 10” from Gare du Nord (Eurostar), 10"" from Airport Navette/Opéra Stop. Taxi Stop Metro Villiers. AREA: 15"" walking from the Basilica Sacré Coeur and Montmartre area. A few minutes walking from the Parc Monceau, from the"	"Located near the Hebertot Theatre, and only few minutes from St LAZARE district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Opéra Garnier), this 35m2 flat is situated on the 1st floor of a typical and secure (digicode at the entrance door) Haussmanian building (XIX century). Recently refurnished and designed by arquitect, this apartment counts with a living room and a large bedroom with parquet floors. A brand new kitchen (equipped with fridge, vitroceramics, oven, coffee machine, washing and drying machine, dishwasher, toaster,  and all the cooking utensils needed). A full interior bathroom with an italian shower. Other commodities include plasma TV, internet wireless and a large storing placard. All Linens included. ACCESS: Metro Station ROME (line 2) or VILLIERS (lines 2 and 3). 10” from Gare du Nord (Eurostar), 10"" from Airport Navette/Opéra Stop. Taxi Stop Metro Villiers. AREA: 15"" walking from the Basilica Sacré Coeur and Montmartre area. A few minutes walking from the Parc Monceau, from the"
855	Welcome Home !  The flat is located near to Batignolles quarter, famous for the italian restaurants, the market, the square, and the tranquility. Vous will enjoy of exceptional localisation.  The flat is at Rue des Moines, close by shops, subway (tube), restaurants, and Martin Luther King park.   The flat sleeps up to 4 people, with a bed with 2 places in the bedroom, and a sofa bed 2 places.	Here is a lovely little 2 rooms, including a lounge , a bedroom, a small kitchen and a small bathroom, which can accommodate 4 people. Brochant Metro (300m) or Guy Moquet (200m) - Line 13 Batignolles Market , Shops, Restaurants Welcome Home !  The flat is located near to Batignolles quarter, famous for the italian restaurants, the market, the square, and the tranquility. Vous will enjoy of exceptional localisation.  The flat is at Rue des Moines, close by shops, subway (tube), restaurants, and Martin Luther King park.   The flat sleeps up to 4 people, with a bed with 2 places in the bedroom, and a sofa bed 2 places. You will access to all the flat, the bedroom, the lounge, the kitchen and the bathroom. All the flat is for you. You could call me all the time you need by phone or by mail. You are close to the Subway ( 200 m) You have the Saint Ouen Avenue, with dairies, butchers, greengrocers, at very good prices. But also the Batignolles market and delicious restaurants. There is an exc
856	Bright flat with large bedroom and independant WC, bathroom, and kitchen. The flat is well located in central Batignolles area, near from shops, coffees and restaurants, and metro stations: lines 13 & 2.	Appartment of 21m2 very bright on the 6th floor, in the center of Batignolles Area, close to shops, 5 minutes from Brochant metro (M13) and 10 minutes from Place de Clichy (M2).
857	This apartment is large at 70m2, with 2 bedrooms on opposite ends to create privacy.  A separate toilet off of the foyer. 2 sofas, a dining room table that seats 6, full American kitchen with induction stove.  Located on a French 1st floor (American 2nd floor), the building is secure and private with a live in guardian.  	This completely refurbished apartment in a Haussman era building is spacious and bright.  Amenities include:rain shower and soaking tub, dishwasher, flat screen tv with cable, hardwood floors, high ceilings.Perfect for a family, 2 couples or friends. This apartment is large at 70m2, with 2 bedrooms on opposite ends to create privacy.  A separate toilet off of the foyer. 2 sofas, a dining room table that seats 6, full American kitchen with induction stove.  Located on a French 1st floor (American 2nd floor), the building is secure and private with a live in guardian.   A greeter will meet guests at the apartment for check-in and departure.   Steps away from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees.  A 10 minute walk to Parc Monceau and a 5 minute walk to the famous Rue Poncelet open market.  This neighborhood is residential filled with traditional French cuisine and International restaurants.  5 boulangeries and 6 pharmacies within a one block radius. 3 supermarkets within 2 blocks and 3 
858	La chambre se  trouve dans un appartement de 80 m2 au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur.  La chambre donne sur une cour très calme.  Vous avez un canapé-lit très confortable , un bureau,  les étagères et deux chaises.   	Chambre privée dans un appartement Haussmannien calme et agréable situé à 20 minutes à pieds de L'Arc de Triomphe. Bien desservi par les transports en commun; métros, bus   La chambre se  trouve dans un appartement de 80 m2 au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur.  La chambre donne sur une cour très calme.  Vous avez un canapé-lit très confortable , un bureau,  les étagères et deux chaises.   Vous avez accès à la cuisine entièrement  équipée. La salle de bain et les toilettes se trouvent à gauche en sortant de la chambre.    C'est un vrai plaisir pour moi d'échanger avec les personnes venant de quatre coins  du monde.   Le quartier est calme. Vous avez des restaurants,  magasins alimentaires et deux boulangeries. Vous êtes à deux pas du  marché des Ternes et magnifique jardin qui longe le boulevard pereire.  On est très près de l'Arc de Triomphe 15 minutes à pieds et de la Porte Maillot, le point de connexion avec des aéroports.   Cette jolie chambre est idéale pour des jeunes  touristes.  Métro
859	Studio 14.5 m2.  Renovated in 2014. Convertible sofa (2 people) Dressing  Kitchen Bathroom	Charming studio refurnished, convenient ideal for one or two guests. 2 mn walking from metro station (Rome) Using metro : 15 mn from Champs Elysées, 15 mn from Montmartre, 20 mn fro Opéra) Studio 14.5 m2.  Renovated in 2014. Convertible sofa (2 people) Dressing  Kitchen Bathroom TV  +  Wi-Fi Microwave Fridge Hotplates Owners live in the same building (ground floor). They speak english and spanish. Friendly area with lot of cafés and restaurants. Trendy but easy going.  Each saturday, its famous Organic Market Bus Line 30 Metro Line 2 (station 2 mn walking) Metro Line 13 (station 5 mn walking)
860	Spacious and comfortable flat for 6 persons	85sqm flat with 2 bedrooms, a spacious living room and a dining-room. Can accommodate up to 6 persons. Very calm flat, close to a lot of convenience stores (bakery, grocery, pizzeria), as well as restaurants and bars (Batignolles and Montmartre). Spacious and comfortable flat for 6 persons You can use everything as soon as you replace it or use it carefully. Very calm neighorhood with a lot of convenience stores (bakery, grocery, pizzeria), as well as restaurants and bars (Batignolles area). Metro line 13, stop Guy Môquet. From CDG airport: take RER B to Gare du Nord, then take bus 31 heading to Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, stop at Moines-Davy. Enjoy your stay!
861	Hello! I would be very happy to receive you in my lovely apartment located between the metro stations Villiers and Rome, (5 minutes), and 12 minutes to the train station Saint-Lazare and near to the charming Parc Monceau. The apartment, entirely renovated, can receive 2 guests, it's located at the fifth floor without elevators... It is made up of a kitchenette, with a microwave oven, hot plate, a fridge, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. The apartment is made up of a shower room with private WC too, a very comfort bed of high quality, and a wireless access. The apartment is entirely NO SMOKING! Thanks for your understanding ;-) The bed and bathroom linen are included in the price. The apartment, entirely renovated, is a cosy nest who will allow yourself to spend an pleasant stay in our capital. Enjoy! Laurie. 	Lovely apartment located at 5 minutes (by subway) from Champs-Elysees and Montmartre, Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge Hello! I would be very happy to receive you in my lovely apartment located between the metro stations Villiers and Rome, (5 minutes), and 12 minutes to the train station Saint-Lazare and near to the charming Parc Monceau. The apartment, entirely renovated, can receive 2 guests, it's located at the fifth floor without elevators... It is made up of a kitchenette, with a microwave oven, hot plate, a fridge, a washing machine and a tumble dryer. The apartment is made up of a shower room with private WC too, a very comfort bed of high quality, and a wireless access. The apartment is entirely NO SMOKING! Thanks for your understanding ;-) The bed and bathroom linen are included in the price. The apartment, entirely renovated, is a cosy nest who will allow yourself to spend an pleasant stay in our capital. Enjoy! Laurie. The neighborhood, prestigious, is very pleasant, with some char
862	Quiet and luminous (10 windows) appartment with a view on Paris roofs.	Large appartment (86m²) located at the last floor (elevator available) of a typical Haussmannian building.  Spacious living room (including open kitchen and genuine zinc bar), two large bedrooms, bathroom, separated WC. Quiet and luminous (10 windows) appartment with a view on Paris roofs. The appartment is located 800m away from the Parc Monceau. We selected this neighborhood as it offers both calm and privileged access to city hot spots:  * Champs-Elysée is 15 minutes away by walk (we actually work there and make the round trip every day). * 4-station away from Galerie Lafayette and other department stores (line 3) * 7-station away from Le Marais and other historical districts (line 3) Funny fact: we decided to acquire this appartment after a 3-year search and 83 places visited. It is a very asset as it combines several features we were desperatly looking for: last floor, elevator, haussmannian style, good location. 
863	Furnished apartment for rent by the week or month. (40 m2 = 430 sq.ft) Located in Paris 75017, nearby Place de l'Etoile 1 bedroom with double bed, cupboards,  1 living room with sofa, table 1 bathroom with tub, washing and dryer in one 1 toilet A kitchen with oven, stove, microwave, fridge, freezer, coffee machine The apartment is on the 4th floor (no elevator) and overlooks a small courtyard, so you will be quiet during your stay. It is located in a lively and central district, ideal for visiting Paris. It is close to all types of businesses, bars and restaurants. You can also go to your market just 20 meters from the apartment. Stations closest metro stations are Pereire (Line 3), Porte Maillot (Line 1) and Charles de Gaulle-Etoile (RER A).  	Furnished apartment for rent by the week or month. (40 m2 = 430 sq.ft) 1 bedroom with double bed, cupboards,  1 living room with sofa, table 1 bathroom with tub, washing and dryer in one 1 toilet Furnished apartment for rent by the week or month. (40 m2 = 430 sq.ft) Located in Paris 75017, nearby Place de l'Etoile 1 bedroom with double bed, cupboards,  1 living room with sofa, table 1 bathroom with tub, washing and dryer in one 1 toilet A kitchen with oven, stove, microwave, fridge, freezer, coffee machine The apartment is on the 4th floor (no elevator) and overlooks a small courtyard, so you will be quiet during your stay. It is located in a lively and central district, ideal for visiting Paris. It is close to all types of businesses, bars and restaurants. You can also go to your market just 20 meters from the apartment. Stations closest metro stations are Pereire (Line 3), Porte Maillot (Line 1) and Charles de Gaulle-Etoile (RER A).  
864		31m2 situé dans le 17ème arrondissement avec vue sur cour.  Une chambre spacieuse et un salon avec canapé dépliant.
865	Notre Charmant appartement se à Paris dans le 17eme arrondissement, entre place Pereire et place des Ternes, à 10 minutes à pieds de l'arc de triomphe et de l'avenue des Champs Elysées.  Profitez de ce deux pièces entièrement équipé et parfaitement desservi par les principales lignes de métro ! Accès direct de l'aéroport CDG avec le car Air France  Lignes de métro : 1, 2, 3 Lignes de RER : A , C Bus : (phone number hidden) Plusieurs stations de Velib´	Notre Charmant appartement se à Paris dans le 17eme arrondissement, entre place Pereire et place des Ternes, à 10 minutes à pieds de l'arc de triomphe et de l'avenue des Champs Elysées.  Profitez de ce deux pièces entièrement équipé et parfaitement desservi par les principales lignes de métro ! Accès direct de l'aéroport CDG avec le car Air France  Lignes de métro : 1, 2, 3 Lignes de RER : A , C Bus : (phone number hidden) Plusieurs stations de Velib´
866	The 20th century building is equipped with : intercom, concierge. The 40 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing courtyard and leading to the terrace . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, sofa, coffee table, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, 2 armchairs, chest of drawers, piano, tiled floor. The 12 square meters separated eat in kitchen has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, dryer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, tiled floor. The 10 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and leading to the balcony . It is equipped with : queen size bed (1.80m) or 2 single beds, 2 bedside tables, hard wood floor. It is on the 1st floor. The 12 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and leading to the balcony . It is equipped with : electric queen size bed (1.80m), 2	This beautiful 115 square meters , 3 Bedrooms, apartment is located on rue de Saussure in the 17th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 6 people. The 20th century building is equipped with : intercom, concierge. The 40 square meters living room has 2 double glazed windows facing courtyard and leading to the terrace . It is equipped with : dining table for 6 people, sofa, coffee table, cable, TV, DVD, stereo, 2 armchairs, chest of drawers, piano, tiled floor. The 12 square meters separated eat in kitchen has a double glazed window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, dryer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, tiled floor. The 10 square meters bedroom has a double glazed window facing courtyard and leading to the balcony . It is equipped with : queen size bed (1.80m) or 2 single beds, 2 bedside tables, hard wood flo
867	Very calm street, less than 15 mn walking from Champs Elysees. Perfect for holiday or business trip. Close to touristic attractions, Palais des congres, restaurants, bars, food shops ...	230 square meters Apartment, recently renovated, like a house with independant entrance. Unique in paris ! Very calm street, less than 15 mn walking from Champs Elysees. Perfect for holiday or business trip. Close to touristic attractions, Palais des congres, restaurants, bars, food shops ...
868		Located in the heart of the Batignolles district and just steps away from the famous Place des Vosges, you will find yourself in the best location to discover Paris!
869	Charmant deux pièces de 30m2 tout équipé. Idéal pour les couples qui souhaitent visiter Paris. A deux pas des Champs-Elysées, des Grands Magasins, ou de Pigalle, vous pourrez aussi profiter du parc Monceau, en bas de la rue.	Cosy flat with two rooms. Ideal location for visiting Paris. Close to Champs-Elysées, shopping aera (Galeries Lafayette), Opéra, Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Montmartre. Near 2 Métros. Charmant deux pièces de 30m2 tout équipé. Idéal pour les couples qui souhaitent visiter Paris. A deux pas des Champs-Elysées, des Grands Magasins, ou de Pigalle, vous pourrez aussi profiter du parc Monceau, en bas de la rue. L'accès se fait par la cour de l'immeuble. L'appartement se situe au 6ème étage sans ascenseur (120 marches).  La rue de Lévis est à 8 minutes à pieds, vous y trouverez tout ce qu'il faut pour faire vos courses (marchés de fruits et légumes tous les jours, boulangeries, supermarchés...). Je serai joignable par téléphone. Familial · Grand Air · Bohème · Chic · Détente Métro ligne 2 - Arrêt Monceau (à 200m) Métro ligne 3 - Arrêt Malesherbes (à 200m) Station Vélib à 100m Bus 30/31/94 Tout sera fourni pour votre confort.
870		Bel appartement dans Paris, tout équipé à quelque pas du quartier des Batignolles ! Proche du métro et des bus, mais aussi des commerces.
871	Très bien desservi, au cœur de Paris, a 200 mètres du magnifique parc monceau, et proche des Champs Elysées, cet appartement typique parisien pour profiter au maximum de votre séjour	Grand 2pièces typique du Paris haussmanien   proche du parc Monceau et à deux pas des Champs Elysées. Charme de l'ancien : cheminées parquet haut plafond. Toutes commodités : 1 lit double, 1simple 1 lit bébé, 1 convertible 2 places, baignoire, Tv, internet (wifi), machine a laver, cuisine équipée, Metro à 50 mètres Très bien desservi, au cœur de Paris, a 200 mètres du magnifique parc monceau, et proche des Champs Elysées, cet appartement typique parisien pour profiter au maximum de votre séjour Tout l'appartement sera à votre disposition :  TV, internet (wifi) Équipement cuisine : frigo, microondes, four, plaques induction, vaisselle Équipement chambre : 1 lit double 1 lit simple et un lit bébé + lit d'appoint 2 place dans salon (draps à prévoir). Machine a laver + lessive  Baignoire Nous pouvons mettre à votre disposition quelques équipements pour bébés/ enfants (marche pied, chaise...) Mon conjoint vous confiera les clés et vous fera le tour du propriétaire, avant de vous laisser pro
872	L'appartement se situe dans une rue très calme des Batignolles, très peu de passage de voitures et à deux pas de tous les commerces et endroits très fréquentés des Batignolles. Il donne à la fois sur la rue et sur un patio aménagé de 13m².	Notre appartement est situé dans la rue la plus calme du village des Batignolles, à deux pas de l'église, du square, du marché, des restaurants et commerces. Il est très chaleureux, fluide et confortable, parfait pour une famille de 4.  L'appartement se situe dans une rue très calme des Batignolles, très peu de passage de voitures et à deux pas de tous les commerces et endroits très fréquentés des Batignolles. Il donne à la fois sur la rue et sur un patio aménagé de 13m². Le village des Batignolles est très animé, très familial, très agréable. Il propose à la fois des restaurants, commerces de bouche et petites boutiques raffinées et des espaces verts (square des Batignolles et parc Martin Luther King) pour courir, se promener, bronzer ou faire jouer les enfants... Vous êtes à 15 mn à pieds de Montmartre, du parc Monceau et de Saint Lazare. Vous allez adorer ce quartier ! L'appartement est accessible depuis les lignes de métro 2 (Rome) ou 13 (Place de Clichy ou La Fourche) ou par le tr
873	I live here with my girlfriend. Charming flat, around 45m², with a kitchen, a living room and a room. 4 people can stay the night. 2 people would be very comfortable.	Nice flat located in the 17th district near Batignolles. Court side and calm. Fully equiped and nearby shops. I live here with my girlfriend. Charming flat, around 45m², with a kitchen, a living room and a room. 4 people can stay the night. 2 people would be very comfortable. Everything. Please note there's a restroom, for sure. It goes by the kitchen. I'll be on a trip but we can communicate via the internet. I'll have Wifi at my hotel, you'll have it at my place. One of the greatest places to stay in Paris, as it is close to everything : train station, big stores, nightclubs, restaurants, supermarkets, grass parks. Visit Eiffel tower in 20 mins walking, Montmartre in 15 mins, Moulin Rouge in 5 mins ... Metro lines 2 and 13. Buses lines 54/74/32
874	Small studio of 14 m2 ideal for one or two people. ideally located in the heart of the 17th arrondissement, the triumphal arch and Elysee fields are a 10 minutes walk!	"I rent my studette some weekend and possibly during the summer. A room with sofa bed, shower and kitchenette. Toilets on the landing closed keys. Market ""Le Bon"" just downstairs. Subway Etoile or Pereire at 10 minutes by walk, RER A and C Small studio of 14 m2 ideal for one or two people. ideally located in the heart of the 17th arrondissement, the triumphal arch and Elysee fields are a 10 minutes walk! The kitchen area is equipped with a refrigerator, two hot plates, manual coffee maker, kettle, dishes ... It's very commercial area (area ""Le Bon"") so you just down the building: bakery, market, bank, butcher, catering, bar, pizzeria, tobacco, night grocery ... everything you need metro: Charles de Gaulle - Etoile - Line 2 (giving access to neighborhoods such as Montmartre, Pigalle, Belleville ...) Charles de Gaulle - Etoile - Line 1 (giving access to the Louvre, Pont des Arts, Notre Dame ...) RER A - Charles de Gaulle Etoile providing access to Disneyland Paris in 50 min Pereire - Line"
875		Petit studio en plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles. A proximité de tout type de commerçant. Quartier sympatique pour aller prendre un verre, manger et même savourer des délicieux cookies fait maison.
876	Clean flat for 1 or 2 people, only 3 min far from metro stations Guy Môquet or Brochant (metro line 13) Equipement available:  - internet (via wifi)  -sofa bed (140 x 200 cm) with clean sheets. kitchen :  - Induction cooker - Oven and micro wave oven - Expresso coffee machine - Fridge/ Frezer - Dishwasher Bathroom :  - Combo washer dryer - Shower (with towels) - Basic hair dryer - Toilets Perfect place to spend few days or few weeks in the capital. Close from every conveniences you may need (bakery, butcher, supermarkets, tobacco shops and brasseries) Close from buses and metro stations	Clean apartment for 2 people with all convenience shops in the area. Metro stations are only 3min by walk and it will bring you to all places you want to visit in Paris. Clean flat for 1 or 2 people, only 3 min far from metro stations Guy Môquet or Brochant (metro line 13) Equipement available:  - internet (via wifi)  -sofa bed (140 x 200 cm) with clean sheets. kitchen :  - Induction cooker - Oven and micro wave oven - Expresso coffee machine - Fridge/ Frezer - Dishwasher Bathroom :  - Combo washer dryer - Shower (with towels) - Basic hair dryer - Toilets Perfect place to spend few days or few weeks in the capital. Close from every conveniences you may need (bakery, butcher, supermarkets, tobacco shops and brasseries) Close from buses and metro stations I can help you if you need me for any informations dynamic area with all convenience store you may need Metro stations Guy Moquet or Brochant on metro line 13
877	atypique et fonctionnel 	"appartement au design tres cosy ""couloir station de metro  plein centre de paris  10 minutes a pied des champs élysées atypique et fonctionnel appartement entier aide a tout moment champs élysées , bois de boulogne , parc monceau restaurant , shopping metro, rer , bus  bus touristique bus pour beauvais aéroport bus pour aéroport CDG"
878	This apartment is very nicely decorated, spacious and all the necessary equipment (including internet WIFI).  	Very pleasant 50sqm apartment comprising a spacious living room (sofa can be used as bed), open plan kitchen and dining area. Situated 10min from Champs Elysees  A double room TV + plenty of storage and bathroom en suite. This apartment is very nicely decorated, spacious and all the necessary equipment (including internet WIFI).   Guest are 3km away from Champs Elysees and 1km from the parc Monceau Im reachable via email, sms or phone
879		Ideal central location near Saint Lazare, Opéra and Montmartre. Our flat is perfect to discover Paris and all the monuments but also the shopping area like Galeries Lafayette (20min walk). Suitable for a couple with baby or children.
880	The apartment is located 4 min away by foot from the metro station Porte de Clichy (metro line 13 and RER line C), between the Batignolles (15 min walk) and Montmartre (30 min walk) The bedroom has a comfortable bed for 2 guests, and there is a folding sofa for 1 guest in the living room. There's a TV, free wifi internet access, and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave/grill, electric stove, washing machine), that will allow you to cook (pans, plates, cutlery, glasses provided) and have breakfast (electric kettle, coffee maker, toaster, mugs). You'll find a hairdrier, an iron, an ironing board, and hangers in the wardrobe, and basic products like salt, pepper, coffee, tea, sugar, oil, vinegar, soap wasshing-up liquid, sponges and rags in the kitcken cupboards. Towells, bed linen, and slippers are provided, as well as shampoo and soap if you need some.	Located in the 17th district of Paris, right between the Batignolles and Montmartre, this warm and bright one-bedroom apartment (on the first floor without elevator), can host 2 to 3 guests. The apartment is located 4 min away by foot from the metro station Porte de Clichy (metro line 13 and RER line C), between the Batignolles (15 min walk) and Montmartre (30 min walk) The bedroom has a comfortable bed for 2 guests, and there is a folding sofa for 1 guest in the living room. There's a TV, free wifi internet access, and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave/grill, electric stove, washing machine), that will allow you to cook (pans, plates, cutlery, glasses provided) and have breakfast (electric kettle, coffee maker, toaster, mugs). You'll find a hairdrier, an iron, an ironing board, and hangers in the wardrobe, and basic products like salt, pepper, coffee, tea, sugar, oil, vinegar, soap wasshing-up liquid, sponges and rags in the kitcken cupboards. Towells, bed linen, and slipper
881		Paris Etoile. Très bel appartement en duplex style Eiffel pour 4 personnes. 2 sdb, cuisine équipée, 2 écrans plats, internet fibre. Calme sur cour.
882	The apartment (65 m2) is siutated on 3rd floor of a typical Haussmann style building. There is a lift accessible to everyone. You will enjoy a village experience living  in the heart of Batignolles village with many parks, bars, local markets, cafes, restaurants, boulangeries, brasseries, at your door step -open every day of the week except Monday and Sunday afternoon (up to 1pm). The apartment can accommodate 4 people (but maximum 5 people if necessary).  There are 2 rooms : 1 double bed in the parents bedroom, a bunker bed & cot in the childrens room(picture not updated yet).  A double bed blow up matress is also available. In the kitchen, there are always a little bit of food in the fridge - you are welcome to use reasonable portions of the basics (salts, sugars, butter, milk etc) but asked to replace anything that you use regularly. The bathroom is separated. It is quiet large & has a bath. All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, INTERNET (wifi), heating etc.)  A	This charming family apartment will be perfect for an authentic parisian experience...!! It is a family friendly apartment - well equiped for young children/babies. Also ideal for couples or a group of 4 people. The apartment (65 m2) is siutated on 3rd floor of a typical Haussmann style building. There is a lift accessible to everyone. You will enjoy a village experience living  in the heart of Batignolles village with many parks, bars, local markets, cafes, restaurants, boulangeries, brasseries, at your door step -open every day of the week except Monday and Sunday afternoon (up to 1pm). The apartment can accommodate 4 people (but maximum 5 people if necessary).  There are 2 rooms : 1 double bed in the parents bedroom, a bunker bed & cot in the childrens room(picture not updated yet).  A double bed blow up matress is also available. In the kitchen, there are always a little bit of food in the fridge - you are welcome to use reasonable portions of the basics (salts, sugars, butter, mil
883	Dear guests, I'd like to introduce myself: I'm Aline, passionate of travelling. I have the pleasure to welcome you in Paris in a cosy flat in the heart of the 17th district, close in particular to the charming areas of Batignolles and Montmartre, with all commodities nearby! ★ A cosy and zen place ★ A beautiful terrace with a bamboo ★ Large bay windows in both the living-room and the bedroom ★ An opened kitchen with a bar ★ A street full of history with a view on the Eiffel Tower The kitchen, spacious, colourful and lightful, is totally equipped. It has a galley-bar opened to the living-(website hidden) accessories are waiting for you to express your talents as a cook!  The living-room is zen, cosy, either invitation to rest and meditate, or travel... Coulours of the nature, wooden colours, large bay windows, green plants, a spacious comfortable sofa, bar seats, a decoration pure and full of evocation... After a long day walking around in Paris, you'll adore chilling out in this cosy a	★ Nice flat with a living-room, a bedroom & a private terrace. Well furnished: internet, wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, real oven, microwave oven. Close to all amenities, well served by public transportation! ★ Dear guests, I'd like to introduce myself: I'm Aline, passionate of travelling. I have the pleasure to welcome you in Paris in a cosy flat in the heart of the 17th district, close in particular to the charming areas of Batignolles and Montmartre, with all commodities nearby! ★ A cosy and zen place ★ A beautiful terrace with a bamboo ★ Large bay windows in both the living-room and the bedroom ★ An opened kitchen with a bar ★ A street full of history with a view on the Eiffel Tower The kitchen, spacious, colourful and lightful, is totally equipped. It has a galley-bar opened to the living-(website hidden) accessories are waiting for you to express your talents as a cook!  The living-room is zen, cosy, either invitation to rest and meditate, or travel... Coulours of the nature,
884	Charmant appartement type T 1 avec chambre/séjour et d'une cuisine et salle d'eau indépendantes. Proximité des transports,  de nombreux commerces et du Square des Batignoles . Non loin des lieux touristiques.	Cosy one-room flat in a typical parisian building with a wide living/bed room and separate bathroom and fitted kitchen.  Near to main touristic places such as Champs Elysées, Place de Clichy, Montmartre, Pigalle... Champs Elysées (20 min walking - 10 min by bus)  Opéra Garnier et Grands Magasins (15 min by bus)  Parc Monceau (7 min walking)  Square des Batignoles (2 min walking)  Parc Martin Lutherking (5 min walking)  Pigalle & Montmartre (20 min walking - 10 min by bus) 2 bus lines down the building  5-7 to metro stations  1 min walking to TER train line Pont Cardinet)
885	This is a very nice and cosy appartment, in a very trendy and beautiful area of Paris. there is a living room, luminous, with an open-kitchen, a table for 2 and a big TV. You have access to a balcony, with a nice view on Paris rooftops ! The bedroom is composed of a pleasant bed (160*200) and a wardrobe. There is also an access to the balcony!	This quiet flat has a real bed room and a cosy living room. It is perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and 600m from Moulin-Rouge and Montmartre.This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle. 
886	 32 m2  Tres clair, cosy et fonctionnel .  L appartement est refait à neuf 2ème étage ascenseur	Salon d angle avec canapé-lit, chambre avec  lit double et dressing, cuisine indépendante équipée, douche, wifi,  TV câblée Quartier Brochant/Batignolles. Idéal pied à terre. Proche commerces, restaurants, métro.  2ème étage avec ascenseur sur rue.  32 m2  Tres clair, cosy et fonctionnel .  L appartement est refait à neuf 2ème étage ascenseur Wifi, Tv avec cable (orange) Cafetière, lave-linge Four Accueil-remise des clés-inventaire-états des lieux arrivée sortie- maintenance- assistance polyvalente 24/7-présentation des lieux et de l'environnement   SWEET HOME SERVICES Quartier branché, jeune et bobo, et populaire.  Beaucoup de commerces de bouche, vetements, galeries, mobilier. Quartier animé le soir avec des restaurants et des bars,  Facile d accès et proche des  grands centres touristiques ( etoile, Opera) et Montmartre à 15 mn de marche.  Metro ligne 13 et Rer C Bus 54/74/31 Ascenceur
887		Deux pièces tout équipé, et accueillant! Peut accueillir de 2 a 3 personne (lit et canapé lit). Situé dans le très chic 17ème arrondissement, 15 minutes à pieds des Champs Élysées, métro et nombreux commerces                    , environnement calme.
888		Bel immeuble en  pierre taillée  appartement 2 pièces situé  rue Du Dobropol  paris 17eme (Porte Maillot face la tour de Hôtel Hyatt Regency)  au sein d’un quartier prestigieux. L'accès de cet immeuble est sous vidéo surveillance avec deux code d'acc
889	65m2	"Really nice area to spend a good time in Paris. I could give you some ideas to enjoy your trip, if you like... 65m2 You will have access to the full flat, except one of the bedroom. I will be pleased to help you. 15mn by walk of the Abbesses Area and St Lazare. less than 100m to the tube station ""la fourche"" ans around 500m to ""place de clichy""."
890		Deux pièce tres confortable, idéal pour un week end en couple. Quartier très agréable, rue très calme. Proche de rues commercantes, à deux pas des batignolles et du parc Monceau. Acces facile par le metro (Villiers/Rome). Quartier idéal: commerces à proximité (Monoprix et Franprix + rue de Levis). Nombreux restaurant et bars à découvrir. Métro à 5 min a pieds. Proche de la gare St Lazare, à 2 rues du coeur des Batignolles. Accès au metro Villiers (L2 et 3) et Rome (L2) à 5min à pied. 10min a pied de la gare St Lazare. 20min de la gare du nord (en metro L2+L4) et 20min de Montparnasse (en métro L3+L13)
891		in the district where Sir Bertholdi build the Statue of liberty (NYC), you will spend marvellous time in the Batignolles
892		Petite studio dans un très beau cartier dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris proche de commerce et de transport. Proche de cinéma, théâtre, boîtes de nuit, supermarché, métro et etcétéras. Parque monceau. Mètro a 200m
893	"The flat is situated in the 17 arrondisement of Paris with a Private Parking place (1m75 max). I will be there to welcome you on the day of your arrival inwhich I will show & explain to you the flat facilities and the area. The flat is on the 6th floor with a lift, is situated in ""High Standing Familly Area"", 5mn walking distance from the famous ""Parc Monceau"". 10mn drive to the famous ""Champs Elysees"" & ""Arc de Triomphe"", or ""Montmartre"" & ""Sacré Coeur"" !!! There is a small supermarket opposite the flat, which is open from 08h30 until 22h00. Around the corner from the flat, you can find Typical French Food Stoes : Butchers, Bakers, Grocery... as well as a ""Typical Parisian Street Market"" open every day. There are also many Traditional or Trendy restaurants and Top Fashion shops in the area. There are 2 metro stations close by ( Villiers and Malesherbes) and several bus lines. You can also use the ""Velib"" Paris's new ""Ecological"" mode of transport. Brand new Bicycles that can be rented"	"The flat is situated in the 17 arrondisement of Paris with a Private Parking place (1m75 max). I will be there to welcome you on the day of your arrival inwhich I will show & explain to you the flat facilities and the area. The flat is on the 6th floor with a lift, is situated in ""High Standing Familly Area"", 5mn walking distance from the famous ""Parc Monceau"". 10mn drive to the famous ""Champs Elysees"" & ""Arc de Triomphe"", or ""Montmartre"" & ""Sacré Coeur"" !!! There is a small supermarket opposite the flat, which is open from 08h30 until 22h00. Around the corner from the flat, you can find Typical French Food Stoes : Butchers, Bakers, Grocery... as well as a ""Typical Parisian Street Market"" open every day. There are also many Traditional or Trendy restaurants and Top Fashion shops in the area. There are 2 metro stations close by ( Villiers and Malesherbes) and several bus lines. You can also use the ""Velib"" Paris's new ""Ecological"" mode of transport. Brand new Bicycles that can be rented"
894	Bonjour I am myself a globe-trotter, and I like to host travellers from all over the world in my house.  This apartment is typically Parisian: there is a fire-place in each and every room (including in the bed-room), an antique wooden floor and molding on the ceilings: gorgeous! My home is also decorated with plenty of pieces of furniture and objects I have found the last 20 years when travelling. Not really Ikea-addict but the atmosphere of the apartment will tell you many stories.  The room is furnished with a double bed, with new and comfortable bedding. Decorated in Zen tones, and looking onto a quiet yard, the room garanties a peaceful time for the guests. Linen and towels are supplied. WiFi is available for free. The Art-deco style bathroom is adjacent to the room. 	You will be my guests in this lovely guest-room, during your stay in Paris. Believe me, you will feel good and will have the impression that you have always being living here! Bonjour I am myself a globe-trotter, and I like to host travellers from all over the world in my house.  This apartment is typically Parisian: there is a fire-place in each and every room (including in the bed-room), an antique wooden floor and molding on the ceilings: gorgeous! My home is also decorated with plenty of pieces of furniture and objects I have found the last 20 years when travelling. Not really Ikea-addict but the atmosphere of the apartment will tell you many stories.  The room is furnished with a double bed, with new and comfortable bedding. Decorated in Zen tones, and looking onto a quiet yard, the room garanties a peaceful time for the guests. Linen and towels are supplied. WiFi is available for free. The Art-deco style bathroom is adjacent to the room. You will of course have access to the bath
895	appartement de type haussmannien, avec parquet et moulures	550€ / mois dans un appartement de 70M2 Métro la Fourche ou Place Clichy avec 2 autres collocataires 3e étage avec ascenseur internet machine à laver télévision ... appartement de type haussmannien, avec parquet et moulures 1 des 3 chambres de l'appartement, la salle de bain, les toilettes et la cuisine quartier convivial, central et bien garnis en restaurants et autres petits bars sympathiques métro la fourche ou place clichy
896	Charmant studio en plein coeur du 17ème, 6eme étage avec ascenseur dans immeuble très calme style Haussmannien. A proximité de toute commodité :  2 minutes du métro lignes 2 et 3, bus station taxi, monoprix, restaurants, brasseries... A 7 minutes de marche du Parc Monceau et 20 minutes de marche de la plus belle avenue du monde ( Les Champs Elysées ) et du Sacré Coeur. Idéal pour un séjour touristique.  	Petit studio coquet de 20 m2 en plein cœur, situé au 6ème avec ascenseur dans un bel immeuble style Haussmannien,  idéal pour un séjour à Paris. A 3 minutes de marche du métro Villiers sur la ligne 2 et 3. Proche du Parc Monceau et des Champs Elysées Charmant studio en plein coeur du 17ème, 6eme étage avec ascenseur dans immeuble très calme style Haussmannien. A proximité de toute commodité :  2 minutes du métro lignes 2 et 3, bus station taxi, monoprix, restaurants, brasseries... A 7 minutes de marche du Parc Monceau et 20 minutes de marche de la plus belle avenue du monde ( Les Champs Elysées ) et du Sacré Coeur. Idéal pour un séjour touristique.
897	Quiet and multiple exposures flat on the top floor with large windows and a private terrace.  Double bed in the bedroom, sofa bed in the living room.  Feel at home!	Etoile (Arc de Triomphe) / Champs Elysées  Quiet top floor flat and terrace with sunny living room and bedroom. Quiet and multiple exposures flat on the top floor with large windows and a private terrace.  Double bed in the bedroom, sofa bed in the living room.  Feel at home! Kitchen and terrace are at your disposal. I know Paris quite well, just ask!  Quite busy but opened to visitors from all countries. Between residential Ternes district and busy Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe (Etoile) areas. Métro/RER : Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile (métro 1, 2 and 6, RER A) or Ternes (line 2) stations.  Aéroports : Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle Air France bus terminus at Etoile ; Beauvais shuttles at Porte Maillot.  Périphérique : Ternes, Maillot or Dauphine exits. World wide traveler here...
898	La tranquillité de l'appartement va vous paraître très agréable. La cuisine, très fonctionnelle, est pleinement ouverte sur le salon. Le logement a été entièrement rénové récemment. On y dort parfaitement à 2 comme à 4.	Entièrement rénové La tranquillité de l'appartement va vous paraître très agréable. La cuisine, très fonctionnelle, est pleinement ouverte sur le salon. Le logement a été entièrement rénové récemment. On y dort parfaitement à 2 comme à 4. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité du logement. Selon vos préférences, il se peut que nous restions dormir dans le canapé lit du salon. Cela est convenu à l'avance avec vous. Si vous le souhaitez, on vous précisera avec plaisir, les coins agréables à visiter de Paris. La rue de l'appartement est très commerçante. Nous sommes à 500m de l'arc de triomphe, et la rue donne directement sur l'avenue Foch, l'une des avenues les plus belles de Paris. Le bois de Boulogne est à 5 min à pieds, il est possible d'y faire de grandes Plusieurs lignes de metro et de RER sont à proximité de l'appartement. Nous vous donnerons toute info utile selon vos habitudes de déplacement.
899		Nous ne sommes pas organisés pour vous accueillir pour une seule nuitée 
