1500		Nice appartement 50 Square meter with 1 room. In a quiet street just near Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysee by walk. Bus direct from Airport Charles de Gaulle in 3 mn by walks. Wifi , internet high speed , Washing Machine, dishwasher, A lot of different restaurant close by walk: French 3 star , chinese , Italien ... Underground by 2 mn by walk ( Charles de gaule Etoile )
1501		"Our lovely little flat is perfect for 4 people! It's a typical old style parisian place, with wooden floor and chimneys. Close to metro ""Guy Moquet"" and ""Brochant"", you'll also find a bus that takes you directly to Montmartre or Opera."
1502	In the main room of the studio, you will find a comfortable sofa and a table for you to get your friends to a friendly dinner or a cocktail aperitif. The kitchen is fully equipped. It is equipped with ceramic hotplates, fridge with freezer compartment , a microwave multifunction and tableware necessary. The bathroom has a bathtub. The toilet is in the bathroom. In the main room there is a sofa bed that can accommodate up to 2 adults and possibility of adding a cot . And have the feeling of being at home in this Parisian apartment equipped with a TV , telephone and wireless Internet with unlimited wifi.	Located in the 17th district , the building has 10 floors. Enjoy a beautiful and cozy studio, with a surface area of 30 square meters. This studio which has been refurbished, is located on the 3rd floor of a residential building. In the main room of the studio, you will find a comfortable sofa and a table for you to get your friends to a friendly dinner or a cocktail aperitif. The kitchen is fully equipped. It is equipped with ceramic hotplates, fridge with freezer compartment , a microwave multifunction and tableware necessary. The bathroom has a bathtub. The toilet is in the bathroom. In the main room there is a sofa bed that can accommodate up to 2 adults and possibility of adding a cot . And have the feeling of being at home in this Parisian apartment equipped with a TV , telephone and wireless Internet with unlimited wifi. Access to a 80 sqm terrace on the 14th floor of the building to enjoy a 360 degree view ! Also, the apartment is located close to the Vuitton Foundation. We wil
1503		Charming flat located in a typical Parisian area. Perfect location : 15 min from Montmartre and 20 min from Champs-Elysées by walk. Many catering and fashion stores around. The best place to discover Parisians way of life !
1504	This lovely flat is perfect for 2 people. Located on the ground floor of a typical parisian building. Fully equiped : Wifi, TV, The kitchen is modern and fully equiped with large fridge, freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, micro wave, proper oven. There is also all you need to cook (pans, ustensils, etc...). There is a big room with one sofa bed and a bathroom with bath.	Ce Charmant Studio de 26m2 refait à neuf accueillant et douillet peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il est situé au RDC dans un bel immeuble Haussmannien, dans les beaux quartiers de Paris, tout proche des champs Elysées. This lovely flat is perfect for 2 people. Located on the ground floor of a typical parisian building. Fully equiped : Wifi, TV, The kitchen is modern and fully equiped with large fridge, freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, micro wave, proper oven. There is also all you need to cook (pans, ustensils, etc...). There is a big room with one sofa bed and a bathroom with bath. Subway station : You are 2 minutes walk from Pereire subway station (line 3), Porte de Champerret subway station (line 3) and 5 minutes walk from Ternes subway station (ligne 2). The apartment is located 15 minutes away from the Parc Monceau and to rue Courcelles (it's a very famous street for shopping. You will find all the famous French brand like Sandro, Maje, Comptoir des Cotonniers...) Placed i
1505	2nd floor in a beautiful Parisian building.  In the room : a double bed, closet, desk and shelves.  + private balcony.	15m luminous private room with a balcony in a 3 bedroom 100m shared apartment. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and toilettes, spacious salon + balcony ! Wifi, washing machine. Between Montmartre and Batignolles, 1 minute from metro Guy Moquet ! 2nd floor in a beautiful Parisian building.  In the room : a double bed, closet, desk and shelves.  + private balcony. Access to : shared salon, kitchen, bathroom and toilets. In the kitchen : small dining table, refrigerator, oven, gas plates, dishes. Bathroom : bathtub, washing machine Salon : big dining table, sofa, couch + balcony Lovely neighbourhood, 5 minutes from Montmartre and Batignolles. A great choice of local cafes and restaurants, shops and a few markets just around the corner. Easy transport - located one minute from metro Guy Moquet, line 13. Or bus 31, 81 that take you to Gare du Nord or Chatelet.
1506	Appartement très bien agencé, avec tout le confort nécessaire, que ce soit au niveau de la literie mais aussi de la cuisine. Étant tout proche de l'Arc de Triomphe, l'appartement est très bien placé pour visiter l'un des monuments parisiens les plus symboliques.	Petit studio à 15 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et donc des Champs-Elysées.  Wifi en libre accès, canapé lit double, cuisine entièrement équipée. Chambre sans vis-à-vis.  Cinq arrêts de métro différents à proximité immédiate, lieu très bien desservit. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour la moindre question. Appartement très bien agencé, avec tout le confort nécessaire, que ce soit au niveau de la literie mais aussi de la cuisine. Étant tout proche de l'Arc de Triomphe, l'appartement est très bien placé pour visiter l'un des monuments parisiens les plus symboliques. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave linge, four, cafetière, micro-ondes, bouilloire, casseroles, poêles, frigidaire, couverts... L'appartement dispose du WIFI très haut débit (fibre) Le lit double est très agréable.  L'appartement offre une très belle vue dégagée sur Paris. Pour toutes questions supplémentaires, ne surtout pas hésiter a me contacter, je répond vite. Deux lignes de métro et 5 arrêts a proximité + RER
1507		Charmant appartement de 50m carrés dans une rue commerçante. Spacieux salon, grande chambre et cuisine, salle de bain fonctionnelle. Situé au 3ème étage, l'appartement est lumineux.  Métro à 3 mins, accès facile depuis Roissy CDG ou Orly.
1508		The apartment is a very charming flat with beamed ceiling, on the 4th and last floor and is very quiet. It is confortable and fully equipped for your stay. It is located in a lively neighborhood with lots of great french food and wine shops.      
1509		Apartment 30 sq.ft, third floor (no elevator).The apartment is fully furnished with a double bed, bathrooms, electrical plates, a microwave, a washing machine, a fridge, Internet etc. Conveniently located, close to metro and main turistics places of Paris (5mn from Arc de Triomphe)
1510		This studio is very cute and functional. The apartment is less than a minute to the station Brochant (line 13) . Just cross the street, impossible to get lost!
1511	Lovely, large and very bright living room. With a very comfortable sofa bed, an elegant dining table, a desig coffee table  and flat screen TV with cable. Very modern and fully equipped open kitchen, with oven, hob, frezer, fridge, toaster, expresso machine, kettle... Trendy and extremely comfortable bedroom with a top quality queen size bed. A large dressing room offers a lot of storage and space that could  be a great space  kids to play A nice corridor is separating the living room from the bedroom. Large bathroom with a bathtub, an ajustable showerhead and a toilet Top quality sofa bed! (rapido system) 	        Superb 50 sqm one-bedroom apartment, for up to 4 guests, recently refurbished, modern  and fully equipped. Located in the Levis Market, between Le Parc Monceau and Batignolles you would enjoy this familial but yet animated area.   Lovely, large and very bright living room. With a very comfortable sofa bed, an elegant dining table, a desig coffee table  and flat screen TV with cable. Very modern and fully equipped open kitchen, with oven, hob, frezer, fridge, toaster, expresso machine, kettle... Trendy and extremely comfortable bedroom with a top quality queen size bed. A large dressing room offers a lot of storage and space that could  be a great space  kids to play A nice corridor is separating the living room from the bedroom. Large bathroom with a bathtub, an ajustable showerhead and a toilet Top quality sofa bed! (rapido system) Check-in will be at the apartment. Linen and towels are provided by a professional laundry Cie. Great guests oriented services, available 24/7 in c
1512	Enjoy a bright living room  and a cosy bed room With a Retro chic industrial design you will live the parisian life style.	Bright and fancy appartement close to the nicest touristic places. Champs Elysées (12mn) Montmartre (13 min), Opéra Garnier and Grands Magasins (8 min) Enjoy the beautiful balcony with a sunset diner. Enjoy a bright living room  and a cosy bed room With a Retro chic industrial design you will live the parisian life style. You have all devices you need Radio / CD / Ipod device Hoven / Mirco wave Dishwasher
1513	Ce bel appartement très design de presque 60 m² est baigné de lumière et vous invite à un moment de détente et de bien-être au cœur du 17ème arrondissement. Totalement refait à neuf en 2012 et repeint en 2015, cet appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes en tout confort. L’appartement est composé d'une grande pièce commune et de deux chambres calmes donnant sur un square arboré. La première chambre est équipée d’un lit queen size (160cm x 200cm) et d’une grande armoire. Une seconde chambre comporte un espace de travail et est équipée d’un deuxième d’un lit queen size (160cm x 200cm).   Le salon rallie les éléments de décoration anciens avec un mobilier tendance. Un canapé-lit avec un couchage de 140 cm x 200cm peut servir de couchage d’appoint. Le salon s’ouvre sur une  cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée (microonde, machine Nespresso, four, plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle). La salle de bain est moderne et a été entièrement refaite. Elle est équipée  d’un  lave-linge.	Ce bel appartement très design de presque 60 m² est baigné de lumière et vous invite à un moment de détente et de bien-être au cœur du 17ème arrondissement. Totalement refait à neuf en 2012 et repeint en 2015, cet appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes en tout confort. L’appartement est composé d'une grande pièce commune et de deux chambres calmes donnant sur un square arboré. La première chambre est équipée d’un lit queen size (160cm x 200cm) et d’une grande armoire. Une seconde chambre comporte un espace de travail et est équipée d’un deuxième d’un lit queen size (160cm x 200cm).   Le salon rallie les éléments de décoration anciens avec un mobilier tendance. Un canapé-lit avec un couchage de 140 cm x 200cm peut servir de couchage d’appoint. Le salon s’ouvre sur une  cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée (microonde, machine Nespresso, four, plaques à induction, lave-vaisselle). La salle de bain est moderne et a été entièrement refaite. Elle est équipée  d’un  lave-linge. Vous aurez
1514	"Luxurious apartment for your vacation in Paris. Perfect location; 20m away from ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the prestigious Avenue Champs Elysées, right in the heart of Paris. Stay in the most glamorous area of the capital! It is ideal either for a couple or a family. It has a double bed and a double sofa-bed (brand new!). The apartment has everything you need for a comfortable stay: fully equipped kitchen, towels, bedclothes, WIFI internet, cable TV, etc. It is ideally located in the centre of Paris, near the lively shopping street Champs Elysees and the famous Arc de Triomphe, but on a quiet street where you can rest after a busy day of shopping or site visiting. There are many restaurants, bars and shops in the area, but you can also find a really nice supermarket downstairs if you chose to stay in any night and take advantage of the comfort of the apartment. You can easily reach any part of Paris as it is 3 minutes away to Charles de Gaule/Etoile and Ternes metro stations, which means it"	"  Beautiful apartment ideally located in central Paris, right next to the Arc de Triumphe and 5 min. walk to the Champs Elysees. It is perfect for a couple or a family (one same space) but 2 double beds (one is a sofa-bed). Everything included    Luxurious apartment for your vacation in Paris. Perfect location; 20m away from ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the prestigious Avenue Champs Elysées, right in the heart of Paris. Stay in the most glamorous area of the capital! It is ideal either for a couple or a family. It has a double bed and a double sofa-bed (brand new!). The apartment has everything you need for a comfortable stay: fully equipped kitchen, towels, bedclothes, WIFI internet, cable TV, etc. It is ideally located in the centre of Paris, near the lively shopping street Champs Elysees and the famous Arc de Triomphe, but on a quiet street where you can rest after a busy day of shopping or site visiting. There are many restaurants, bars and shops in the area, but you can also find a reall"
1515		Cosy appartment in hype Batignolles. Very calm (on courtyard) and close to a lot of restaurants, bars, shops... 10 minutes from Montmartre and 10 minutes from Monceau Park. Open kitchen fully furnished, a big living room, and a room with large bed
1516	L'appartement est très agréable et la rue calme. Vous avez un ensemble de commerce à proximité. 	Appartement de 47m2 ensoleillé dans une rue calme du 17eme, à 100m du métro La Fourche. Il comprend un hall, une chambre, un salon, une grande cuisine, une salle de bain avec baignoire et des WC séparés.  N'hésitez pas pour plus de renseignements! L'appartement est très agréable et la rue calme. Vous avez un ensemble de commerce à proximité. Vous pourrez bénéficier du logement en entier. A votre disposition: plaque pour cuisiner, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, machine pour le café, frigo.... Si c'est votre 1er séjour sur Paris, nous prendrons le temps de vous indiquer les lieux à visiter ainsi que les 'bonnes adresses' L'appartement est bien desservi autant au niveau des bus que du métro
1517	Please note that: - when it is shown as available in our schedule, that means that we will not be in Paris at this time, so our flat is available for 2 (+2 persons on a comfortable air mattress) WE WON'T BE IN PARIS between August 6th until August 18th and August 19th-25th.   During these dates, the entire apartment is available. - when it is showned as non available, feel free to ask: the price for 1 person in the sofa is usually 45€/night.  It is fully equiped: kitchen with cooktop & fridge; shower; toilets) in a high standing and secure building (digicode). As it is an old parisian building, but please note there is an elevator, and the apartment is at the 1st floor via mainstaircase. One extremely comfortable Queen Size Bed in our bedroom. In the living room, one very comfortable air mattress can be used as a bed for 2 people. When we are here, the price for one person is usually 45 euros to sleep in the sofa.	Hi, My wife and I moved here in May 2015 and occasionally rent our charming apartment. One extremely comfortable Queen Size Bed in our bedroom. Please note that: - when it is shown as available in our schedule, that means that we will not be in Paris at this time, so our flat is available for 2 (+2 persons on a comfortable air mattress) WE WON'T BE IN PARIS between August 6th until August 18th and August 19th-25th.   During these dates, the entire apartment is available. - when it is showned as non available, feel free to ask: the price for 1 person in the sofa is usually 45€/night.  It is fully equiped: kitchen with cooktop & fridge; shower; toilets) in a high standing and secure building (digicode). As it is an old parisian building, but please note there is an elevator, and the apartment is at the 1st floor via mainstaircase. One extremely comfortable Queen Size Bed in our bedroom. In the living room, one very comfortable air mattress can be used as a bed for 2 people. When we are h
1518		Beautiful apartment next to Montmartre where you can feel at home.  You can enjoy the cosy living room and a fully equiped kitchen. The bedroom has a large queen size. Fully equiped: Wifi, TV, Washing machine, micro wave, coffee machine, printer.
1519	“The Pocket”  is very bright and very quiet 1 bedroom apartment.  On the 4th floor it offers great views over Parisian roofs. The flat is perfect for people visiting Paris to feel real Parisian life, avoiding the tourist traps and the beaten track.  This a great deal for a couple, up to 2 couples or for a family with 2 young children. The flat is composed of : - a large living room with a sofa and a murphy bed (for 2 people) - a bedroom with a large bed - an american open kitchen - a tiny bathroom with a shower - a separed WC 	“The Pocket”  is very bright 1 bedroom apartment. On the 4th floor it offers great views over Parisian roofs. I The apartment features a spacious living room (with a double sofa-bed and a double murphy bed), a bedroom with a double bed. “The Pocket”  is very bright and very quiet 1 bedroom apartment.  On the 4th floor it offers great views over Parisian roofs. The flat is perfect for people visiting Paris to feel real Parisian life, avoiding the tourist traps and the beaten track.  This a great deal for a couple, up to 2 couples or for a family with 2 young children. The flat is composed of : - a large living room with a sofa and a murphy bed (for 2 people) - a bedroom with a large bed - an american open kitchen - a tiny bathroom with a shower - a separed WC In the kitchen you'll find  :  - pods and pans - a mini-oven - a microwaves - a fridge - a freezer - a coffee maker - a kettle - a toaster -... Bedlinen and towels are provided.  The flat also provide :  - a plasma TV - a dvd playe
1520	It's on the 2nd floor of an old Haussmann building, without (email hidden)e building has entry code to guarantee safety and security. No washing machine but with easy access to several public laundry rooms downstairs. 	I'm renting a studio of 18 squre meters from July 15 to August 23.
1521	The flat is in the 2nd floor with security code. You'll appreciate the old parquet and fireplace typicality of Paris. The bedroom is wide, with big bed. The living room have a table for 6 personnes, a television, and comfortable coach for after day of visiting. The kitchen have all you need for testing the french cook! The bathroom is not so little with a single sink and recent shower.	This flat with one bedroom and nice living room is perfect for appreciate Paris with all confort you need.  Just 2 minutes by walk for the subway line 13 (Brochant or Guy moquet), you will be in everywhere in Paris in 20 minutes.
1522	Dans un quartier tranquille et très bien desservi, vous pourrez bénéficier du repos le soir en vus sentant à la maison : la cuisine et la salle de bain et le lave linge sont à disposition. Je peux vous conseiller des adresses de bons resto pas chers ...	Welcome to my flat situated in a quiet area close to Montmartre. Metro line 2 and 13 within 5 mn walk. 2 bedrooms are available, with a loft bed and a sofa in each (accommodate 4 persons). It will be great to meet you. You can use the bathroom and use the internet (wireless). Metro line 2 and 13 , many buses... You will be able to travel easily. During July and August I only take reservation for 2 nights.
1523	"Appartement très ""parisien"", au 5eme et dernier étage donnant sur les toits typiques de la capitale ! Une terrasse rare car grande et lumineuse, joliment aménagée de plantes, bougies, salon de jardin cosy et confortable, parasol, table d'extérieur pour déjeuner ou dîner. Il n'y a aucun vis-à-vis avec les voisins et un grand calme règne car l'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue, nous n'entendons pas les voitures ! Appartement décoré avec goût et très bien équipé."	"Beau 2 pièces sur les toits, au dernier étage ascenseur, avec grande terrasse aménagée au cœur du fameux quartier des Ternes, dans le ""triangle d'or. Chambre avec grand lit, séjour spacieux, cuisine américaine. À quelques minutes à pied de l'Etoile, les Champs Elysées, la Porte Maillot, le Palais des Congrès... Appartement très ""parisien"", au 5eme et dernier étage donnant sur les toits typiques de la capitale ! Une terrasse rare car grande et lumineuse, joliment aménagée de plantes, bougies, salon de jardin cosy et confortable, parasol, table d'extérieur pour déjeuner ou dîner. Il n'y a aucun vis-à-vis avec les voisins et un grand calme règne car l'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue, nous n'entendons pas les voitures ! Appartement décoré avec goût et très bien équipé. Possibilité de louer un parking dans le quartier en supplément Quartier ""village"" très agréable et animé grâce à ses nombreux commerces et restaurants. La rue Poncelet, à 2 minutes à pied, est réputée pour ses fameux com"
1524	Welcome to Paris ! This 40m² second floor Haussman inspired apartment offers pure Parisian style: 2 open fire places, floorboards, ornamental high ceilings, and large windows that open out onto a quiet communal court yard. Newly renovated in 2014, the apartment is equipped with modern facilities to ensure optimal comfort: large kitchen with induction hot plates, stove, microwave oven, dishwasher, bathroom (hair dryer, washing machine, towel heater), lounge room and bedroom.  Unlimited free internet access. Within 5 minutes walk you have the stylish Batignolles area, where you will find a village atmosphere offering several markets (one of which is an organic food market), excellent bakeries, boutiques (both vintage and high street designer), art galleries, cafes and high quality restaurants to suit all budgets. In addition you have the Montmartre area and Sacre-Coeur within 10 minutes walk. The apartment is also conveniently located close to several supermarkets, pharmacies, and a numb	Typical Parisian apartment, located in the trendy Batignolles area, with restaurants, cafes, boutiques & bars nearby & Montmartre only 10 minutes walk. Newly renovated, the apartment offers all the modern comforts in a stylish setting.   Welcome to Paris ! This 40m² second floor Haussman inspired apartment offers pure Parisian style: 2 open fire places, floorboards, ornamental high ceilings, and large windows that open out onto a quiet communal court yard. Newly renovated in 2014, the apartment is equipped with modern facilities to ensure optimal comfort: large kitchen with induction hot plates, stove, microwave oven, dishwasher, bathroom (hair dryer, washing machine, towel heater), lounge room and bedroom.  Unlimited free internet access. Within 5 minutes walk you have the stylish Batignolles area, where you will find a village atmosphere offering several markets (one of which is an organic food market), excellent bakeries, boutiques (both vintage and high street designer), art galler
1525	Dear guests, We have this very nice flat 3m from étoile Champs Elysées. 2 studios of 35m2 /Studio with Kitchen and Bathroom separated. You can book only one studio or 2 studios for the family. Each studio cost 100 euros per night + 30 euros for cleaning fee. They are exactly same in the same building and same floor and the can accommodate maximum 6 peoples. the flat is 3 min from the Airfrance Aeroport bus station arch of triumph. We have more than 3 subway lines, 5 bus lines and RER stations. 3 min from the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, 5 mn from La Défense business district and the Petit and / Grand Palais. One supermarket 5 mn away from the flat. and Rue Poncelet (Food market street) is only 10mn from the flat. Great restaurants and stores on Champs élysées. - Publicis - La Durée - Plaza Athénée - Hanawa - Extreme Orient there is 1 bed 160/200 and 1 sofabed 140/190. all kitchen ustencils and kitchenwaves, laundrymachine, dishewash machine, towels, linen,bedsheets, hairdryer,WIFI	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear guests, We have this very nice flat 3m from étoile Champs Elysées. 2 studios of 35m2 /Studio with Kitchen and Bathroom separated. You can book only one studio or 2 studios for the family. Each studio cost 100 euros per night + 30 euros for cleaning fee. They are exactly same in the same building and same floor and the can accommodate maximum 6 peoples. the flat is 3 min from the Airfrance Aeroport bus station arch of triumph. We have more than 3 subway lines, 5 bus lines and RER stations. 3 min from the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, 5 mn from La Défense business district and the Petit and / Grand Palais. One supermarket 5 mn away from the flat. and Rue Poncelet (Food market street) is only 10mn from the flat. Great restaurants and stores on Champs élysées. - Publicis - La Durée - Pla
1526	, ,,  APPARTEMENT DANS LE QUARTIER DES BATIGNOLLES ,A CINQ MINUTES DU PARC MONCEAU, 10MINUTES DES CHAMPS ELYSEES SUR LA LIGNE 2 DU METRO STATION ROME OU PONT CARDINET.	, ,,  APPARTEMENT DANS LE QUARTIER DES BATIGNOLLES ,A CINQ MINUTES DU PARC MONCEAU, 10MINUTES DES CHAMPS ELYSEES SUR LA LIGNE 2 DU METRO STATION ROME OU PONT CARDINET. aucune interdiction a part fumer ds le salon , et les animaux domestiques . je loue entièrement l' appartement. C' est un quartier très vivant , beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants très tendances.
1527	 We propose to sublet our apartment in the Ternes district.  Location Paris 17th arrondissement (metro Ternes). Close to shops (supermarkets, shops ...) and close to several metro lines and RER.  Located near the Champs Elysées, the area is quiet and shopping. Many shops and restaurants. Poncelet market is 2 minutes walk. You are 10 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees (shops, cinemas ...)  Many forms of transport (metro lines 2.3, 1 and 6. RER A). Bus to Charles de Gaulle airport. Taxi terminal 200 meters.  The apartment is on the sixth floor. Atypical loft. Surface of 60m2. Fully equipped.  Small clarification: the toilets are on the floor (out of the apartment). Very bright and quiet. 1 double bed, tv, dvd, microwave, washing machine, shower, fridge, freezer. Internet.	 We propose to sublet our apartment in the Ternes district.  Location Paris 17th arrondissement (metro Ternes). Close to shops (supermarkets, shops ...) and close to several metro lines and RER.  Located near the Champs Elysées, the area is quiet and shopping. Many shops and restaurants. Poncelet market is 2 minutes walk. You are 10 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees (shops, cinemas ...)  Many forms of transport (metro lines 2.3, 1 and 6. RER A). Bus to Charles de Gaulle airport. Taxi terminal 200 meters.  The apartment is on the sixth floor. Atypical loft. Surface of 60m2. Fully equipped.  Small clarification: the toilets are on the floor (out of the apartment). Very bright and quiet. 1 double bed, tv, dvd, microwave, washing machine, shower, fridge, freezer. Internet.
1528	Charming apartment located newt to Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées, very famous for the food, bars and stores. This flat will be perfect for two people.  A living room very comfortable, a kitchen full equiped and a bedroom very quiet.  This apartment is equiped with wifi, TV, DVD and Home-Cinema.	"Cool and comfortable one bedroom apartment has a true city feeling ! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street, next to Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées ! Charming apartment located newt to Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées, very famous for the food, bars and stores. This flat will be perfect for two people.  A living room very comfortable, a kitchen full equiped and a bedroom very quiet.  This apartment is equiped with wifi, TV, DVD and Home-Cinema. You just need to bring yourself and enjoy your stay :) ! The district of the Champs-Elysées is the heart of Paris, numerous places will be accessible to you very quickly : ""Le Musée du Louvre"", ""le jardin des Tuileries"", ""le Parc Monceau"", ""La Tour Eiffel"", ""l'Opéra"", ""la Place Vendôme"" and ""les Grands Magasins"" (Galeries Lafayette et Printemps). You will be also situated 50 meters away from the market of the street Poncelet which is every day opened and which is the most considered in Paris for the quality of i"
1529	Our apartment is a typical Parisian one : with a fireplace, wooden floor, moulding ceilings and a balcony. It is located on the 7th (and last) floor of a building built at the beginning of the 20th century, but with convenient facilities such as an elevator and a caretaker. The apartment is 70 square meters and well organized : a square plan with a double view, facing West - and Montmartre -  on one side (lounge and dining-room), and East on the other (bedrooms), a large corridor with a huge cupboard is separating the two parts. Due to high location and nice neighbours, the place is really quiet. We have light (if not sun) the all day long, and can live freely as there is no opposite apartment.  There is a master bedroom with a king-size bed and a children's bedroom with 2 adult beds (one upon the other). There's a bath-tube in the bathroom; toilets are separated.  Above all, the view is amazing : we face Montmartre's hill and the Sacre-Coeur with a little park on the foreground. Break	Our apartment is a typical Parisian one : with a fireplace, wooden floor, moulding ceilings and a balcony. It is located on the 7th (and last) floor of a building built at the beginning of the 20th century, but with convenient facilities such as an elevator and a caretaker. The apartment is 70 square meters and well organized : a square plan with a double view, facing West - and Montmartre -  on one side (lounge and dining-room), and East on the other (bedrooms), a large corridor with a huge cupboard is separating the two parts. Due to high location and nice neighbours, the place is really quiet. We have light (if not sun) the all day long, and can live freely as there is no opposite apartment.  There is a master bedroom with a king-size bed and a children's bedroom with 2 adult beds (one upon the other). There's a bath-tube in the bathroom; toilets are separated.  Above all, the view is amazing : we face Montmartre's hill and the Sacre-Coeur with a little park on the foreground. Break
1530	Appartement de 50m2 à 5 minutes à pieds des Batignolles et 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, il se situe dans un quartier familial le jour et animé la nuit.	Appartement de 50m2 à 5 minutes à pieds des Batignolles et 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, il se situe dans un quartier familial le jour et animé la nuit. Couchage : lit double dans la chambre (si 2 personnes / lit double dans la seconde chambre si voyageurs supplémentaires / matelas deux places en plus)  Équipements : TV, lave linge, Internet, serviettes et draps inclus, cuisine équipée (four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes), baignoire, etc ... Absence des locataires, si location pour 5 à 6 personnes Quartier calme le jour et animé en soirée. Un grand nombre de bars et de restaurants sympas (Le bloc, le bistrot des cinéastes, le Bal, ...). Cinéma d'art et d'essais + Pathé à proximité. Proche tous commerces (boulangerie, supermarché, boucherie, fromagerie, etc ....) Métro Brochant et Guy Môquet à 5 minutes à pieds.  Bus 31 // LE LOGEMENT PEUT ACCUEILLIR 6 PERSONNES (FRAIS SUPPLÉMENTAIRES : 15 € PAR TÊTE A PARTIR DU 3ÉME VOYAGEUR). DANS CE CAS LES LOCATAIRES SERONT ABSENTS.  NOUS SER
1531	Salon salle à manger : canapé 4 places convertible en lit double, table de repas, télévision. Chambre à coucher : lit double et dressing, salle de bains attenante avec baignoire Chambre d'enfant : lit bébé  Toilettes séparées avec lave-main Cuisine équipée (avec bar) donnant sur la courette privative aménagée Cour privative accessible par la cuisine, avec un petit bureau-bibliothèque au fond de la cour dans un atelier Accès facile pour les voyageurs avec valises. Immeuble sécurisé par un interphone et un gardien Internet - wifi Télévision écran plat avec box Lave-vaisselle, frigidaire, lave-linge, four, micro-ondes et gazinière Table et fer à repasser, sèche cheveux. Email, téléphone, messagerie airbnb, etc. A votre arrivée, nous vous accueillerons pour vous donner quelques informations pratiques sur le fonctionnement de l'appartement, le quartier, et tout ce dont vous aurez besoin. Puis nous serons absents pendant votre séjour mais une gardienne est à votre disposition. Langues parlée	Salon salle à manger : canapé 4 places convertible en lit double, table de repas, télévision. Chambre à coucher : lit double et dressing, salle de bains attenante avec baignoire Chambre d'enfant : lit bébé  Toilettes séparées avec lave-main Cuisine équipée (avec bar) donnant sur la courette privative aménagée Cour privative accessible par la cuisine, avec un petit bureau-bibliothèque au fond de la cour dans un atelier Accès facile pour les voyageurs avec valises. Immeuble sécurisé par un interphone et un gardien Internet - wifi Télévision écran plat avec box Lave-vaisselle, frigidaire, lave-linge, four, micro-ondes et gazinière Table et fer à repasser, sèche cheveux. Email, téléphone, messagerie airbnb, etc. A votre arrivée, nous vous accueillerons pour vous donner quelques informations pratiques sur le fonctionnement de l'appartement, le quartier, et tout ce dont vous aurez besoin. Puis nous serons absents pendant votre séjour mais une gardienne est à votre disposition. Langues parlée
1532	"This is a flat full of charm, in a rare 1925 typical Art Deco building. FOR A 3D VIRTUAL VISIT: (website hidden) ml Its location is very central, near the Champs Elysees. (5 mn walk to the Arc de Triomphe). Metro station Ternes is round the corner and most major landmarks can be reached within 20 mn by tube, bus or RER (Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Seine river cruises, flagship stores, La Defense business disctrict...) Place Ch de Gaulle-Etoile tube station (5 mn by foot) is a real hub (3 metro lines; RER A line going to La Defense, DisneyLand and gare de Lyon; buses to airports...) You will reach any place in Paris easily within 20-30 mn, thus making this flat very central. The area is residential, yet lively and extremely secure, with lots of restaurants, antiques, many shops, a street market, a music hall... A scene from Woody Allen's ""Midnight in Paris"" was shot in the art galery next door... Groceries, bakeries abound around... You will have to chose which one makes the best pains au cho"	This flat will fit 8 to 10 pax with its 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms It is located in a very quiet street in a very safe and lively area All major landmarks are within 5 to 30 mn by foot, bus or tube. Metro Ternes (200m) and Etoile (5-10mn walk) This is a flat full of charm, in a rare 1925 typical Art Deco building. FOR A 3D VIRTUAL VISIT: (website hidden) ml Its location is very central, near the Champs Elysees. (5 mn walk to the Arc de Triomphe). Metro station Ternes is round the corner and most major landmarks can be reached within 20 mn by tube, bus or RER (Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Seine river cruises, flagship stores, La Defense business disctrict...) Place Ch de Gaulle-Etoile tube station (5 mn by foot) is a real hub (3 metro lines; RER A line going to La Defense, DisneyLand and gare de Lyon; buses to airports...) You will reach any place in Paris easily within 20-30 mn, thus making this flat very central. The area is residential, yet lively and extremely secure, with lots of restaura
1533	If you're looking for a clean, fully furnished, and well-priced room in Paris, we've got just what you need.  The apartment is located in the lively Batignolles neighborhood of the 17th arrondissement in Paris. You'll be walking distance from all amenities, overlooking rue des Dames and its array of cozy restaurants and chill bars, with the rue de Lévis and its daily open air market just down the street. Metro stops Rome and Villiers are just a minute away.  The apartment is 115 square meters (1250 sq ft) with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and a spacious double living room / dining room. It’s fully furnished with some key amenities such as: washing machine, dishwasher, internet, a workout bench, and a ridiculously comfortable couch.  The room has a double bed, a chair, a clothes hanger, as well as large cupboards and shelves for all your stuff.  You'll be staying with my two roommates and I. We're young professionals (23 to 29), laid back and always up for a good time. 	Enjoy a stay in the vibrant Batignolles neighborhood of Paris
1534	Lovely  two rooms Flat  with very bright garden in a small typically Parisian building.  Apartment renovated completely during summer, 2015.  All the decoration was carefully chosen with the aim of proposing you a beautiful place for your holidays,  business trip  or weekends in Paris.  The idea was to make of the space a friendly and warm place but especially comfortable and functional. The garden is a big plus , it helps you to have breakfast, have a drink of wine between friends or in family.  The garden is fitted out by ashtrays, a big table and 4 chairs. Everything was thought so that you have everything you need. The main room is  the lounge with open-plan kitchen quite equipped (fridge, freezer, cooktops, coffee machine, kettle, to toast, pans and stoves, but also all the dishes for  cooking. You will also find a corner lounge and TV, There you have a confortable sofa bed for 2 persons. Big double bed in mezzanine with arrangements in the bedroom with an office(working) space.  	Lovely  two rooms Flat  with very bright garden in a small typically Parisian building.  Apartment renovated completely during summer, 2015.  All the decoration was carefully chosen with the aim of proposing you a beautiful place for your holidays,  business trip  or weekends in Paris.  The idea was to make of the space a friendly and warm place but especially comfortable and functional. The garden is a big plus , it helps you to have breakfast, have a drink of wine between friends or in family.  The garden is fitted out by ashtrays, a big table and 4 chairs. Everything was thought so that you have everything you need. The main room is  the lounge with open-plan kitchen quite equipped (fridge, freezer, cooktops, coffee machine, kettle, to toast, pans and stoves, but also all the dishes for  cooking. You will also find a corner lounge and TV, There you have a confortable sofa bed for 2 persons. Big double bed in mezzanine with arrangements in the bedroom with an office(working) space.  
1535	Our appartment include : - 1 spacious bedroom with a double bed (very calm as it is not close to the street) - 1 large living room (30sqm / 300 sqfeets) with a huge bow window, a small balcony, a large dining table and a high end convertible sofa (sleeps 2 people)  - 1 kitchen fully equipped (microwave, oven, dishwasher, fruit juicer, rice cooker and more!)  - 1 bathroom with shower & wash machine	It is a bright, sunny and recently renovated appartement with 1 big living room with a bow window and balcony and a very calm bedroom. Our appartment include : - 1 spacious bedroom with a double bed (very calm as it is not close to the street) - 1 large living room (30sqm / 300 sqfeets) with a huge bow window, a small balcony, a large dining table and a high end convertible sofa (sleeps 2 people)  - 1 kitchen fully equipped (microwave, oven, dishwasher, fruit juicer, rice cooker and more!)  - 1 bathroom with shower & wash machine Easy access from metro station (30m away) + elevator in our building. For your confort and privacy we will be renting our entire appartment, we are however happy to interact before your stay by email, (website hidden) or phone to help you prepare your visit :) Nice area with bars and all kind of shops for groceries. Amazing pastries right down the building. Very convenient for public transportation and within walking distance of Montmartre 1 min from Guy Moque
1536	hauteur sous plafond calme lumineux proche commerce et lieu touristique proche métro (Pereire)	Apartment 15 minutes by walk near l'Etoile 4 bedrooms (3 simple bed and one parents' bed) Double living room 2 bathrooms opened kitchen in the 7th flloor (last floor) Haussmann Building from 1907 for a family with 2 or 3 children very calm
1537	En métro : ligne 2 (Monceau) ou ligne 3 (Malesherbes) à 2 min à pied.  Attention, l'appartement est situé au 5e étage sans ascenseur, amis sportifs bienvenus :-) En métro : ligne 2 (Monceau) ou ligne 3 (Malesherbes) à 2 min à pied.  Attention, l'appartement est situé au 5e étage sans ascenseur, amis sportifs bienvenus :-)	En métro : ligne 2 (Monceau) ou ligne 3 (Maleherbes) à 2 min à pied.  Attention, l'appartement est situé au 5e étage sans ascenseur, amis sportifs bienvenus :-) En métro : ligne 2 (Monceau) ou ligne 3 (Maleherbes) à 2 min à pied.  Attention, l'appartement est situé au 5e étage sans ascenseur, amis sportifs bienvenus :-)
1538		spacious 1 bedroom flat nearby Villiers, close to street market and public transportation
1539	Large apartment 130 M2 4 rooms Double living room Kitchen	Apartment 15 minutes by walk near l'Etoile One large parent's bedroom with its own bathroom Double living room Opened kitchen In the 7th flloor (last floor) Haussmann Building from 1907 One bedroom more for one person possible Very calm Large apartment 130 M2 4 rooms Double living room Kitchen All apartment, except the 3 children rooms Kitchen 2 bathrooms Toilet Double living room I will answer all your question directly or by phone lot af food shops rue de courcelles : many clothes shops Many bars and restaurants around Subway and buses at 200 meters for center of Paris
1540	"At only 5 minutes on walk from the famous « Champs-Elysées «, pretty and functional one mansard-roofed studio of 20m2, will delight all the travelers on visit in Paris. Placed in the 7th and last floor of a typically Parisian building (NB:  tiny elevator up to the 6th floor), you will take advantage of the fantastic view over the dome ""ART NOUVEAU"" of the Grand store "" Magasins Réunis "", built in 1912. Its convenient location will facilitate your travels through many subway lines and buses to the main tourist and business areas. ** FOR YOUR COMFORT DURING YOUR STAY** -A comfortable night area with a real bed (140 cm)/ (N.B: Bed suiting to measuring people  5,10 ft or 1,78m)      -   Cupboards      -   A dining room / office dedicated      -  An open-convenient and pleasant kitchen with: -Microwaves oven -Washing/drying machine  - A shower room/Toilets: Towels provided - Iron and ironing board  - Hairdryer - Wifi -TV (Freeview)     *FLEXIBLE CHECK IN/CHECK OUT HOURS * __________________"	"This studio apartment is in avenue Mac-Mahon, Paris 17th arrondissement - District Champs Elysées, 1 minute walking to Arc de Triomphe/Place de l’Étoile. The visitors can admire one of the most famous historic monuments in Paris, the Arc de Triomphe. At only 5 minutes on walk from the famous « Champs-Elysées «, pretty and functional one mansard-roofed studio of 20m2, will delight all the travelers on visit in Paris. Placed in the 7th and last floor of a typically Parisian building (NB:  tiny elevator up to the 6th floor), you will take advantage of the fantastic view over the dome ""ART NOUVEAU"" of the Grand store "" Magasins Réunis "", built in 1912. Its convenient location will facilitate your travels through many subway lines and buses to the main tourist and business areas. ** FOR YOUR COMFORT DURING YOUR STAY** -A comfortable night area with a real bed (140 cm)/ (N.B: Bed suiting to measuring people  5,10 ft or 1,78m)      -   Cupboards      -   A dining room / office dedicated      "
1541	Comfortable and quiet studio, 6th floor ( with an elevator ) The flat including a kitchen with an oven, a micro waves, washing machine and a table dinner for 2. A large living room with an open bedroom ( 2 places bed ), a sofa and a large TV flat screen. Theres is 3 larges windows that makes the flat really bright in summer. And a small bathroom with toilets and shower.	6 and last floor with elevator. Quiet an the court yard. Located from 5min by foot to the Champs
1542		Appartement refait par architecte, clair et très calme, au 3ème sur jardin, confortable et design.  Au coeur d'un quartier à la fois familial et animé, riche en restaurants et boutiques, à proximité des gares du Nord et Saint-Lazare.
1543	Cute flat in a perfect familly neighborhood. Near ligne 2 & 3 metro station. Near shops and restaurants. A wonderful trip in Paris for sure.	The apartment is located in one of the urban areas in Paris with bars and restaurants just next door. The apartment itself is bright with sun during daytime. The apartment has one bed and one couch, a bath room with shower and a little kitchen. Cute flat in a perfect familly neighborhood. Near ligne 2 & 3 metro station. Near shops and restaurants. A wonderful trip in Paris for sure. Quiet, respect the neighbors The apartment is located in one of the urban areas in Paris with bars and restaurants just next door. The apartment itself is bright with sun during daytime. The apartment has one bed and one couch, a bath room with shower and a little kitchen. Washing machine and dryer combo available. During your stay the apartment is yours. We will hand over the keys and help you get installed. You are always welcome to ask questions and we would like to help with practical stuff during your stay. The neighborhood is quiet and relaxed, but at the same time very close to restaurants and bars. 
1544	The place is fully furnished. Living room has a convertible couch for two people. The bedroom  has a very confortable queen bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped .	This quiet apartment is in a typical Parisian building with Modern and warmy design. The building is very quiet and the location is great 20 sec from the metro (line 3) and you can walk to the Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower. Not far from Montmartre.  The place is fully furnished. Living room has a convertible couch for two people. The bedroom  has a very confortable queen bed.  The kitchen is fully equipped . If you have any question don't hesitate !
1545	There is a large living room with a sofa bed and separate dining room with open kitchen makes sharing this apartment very easy. There are 2 bedrooms with queen size beds or the master bedroom can have 2 separate single beds. The second bedroom is off the master bedroom but can also be reached via a corridor off the living room. The apartment contains 2 WC’s one in the main bathroom which has a walk-in shower and can be reached from the living room or the second bedroom and one off the dining room with it’s own sink. The apartment would suit two couples or up to 5 adults or a family with 3 children. The living room's sofa bed can be converted and is available for one or two persons.	The area known as the Batignolles close to Montmartre has a real village feel, far from the bustle and noise of the big avenues. It has a bobo (Bourgeois Bohemian) atmosphere, with convivial and trendy restaurants. The nerve centre of the quarter is located at the Eglise des Batignolles, not far from the Square des Batignolles. This 70 sq metres (753 sq ft) apartment on the second floor walk up has views to a pretty garden courtyard. There is a large living room with a sofa bed and separate dining room with open kitchen makes sharing this apartment very easy. There are 2 bedrooms with queen size beds or the master bedroom can have 2 separate single beds. The second bedroom is off the master bedroom but can also be reached via a corridor off the living room. The apartment contains 2 WC’s one in the main bathroom which has a walk-in shower and can be reached from the living room or the second bedroom and one off the dining room with it’s own sink. The apartment would suit two couples or 
1546	"Located in the 17th ardt. of Paris, near the ""Levis market"" we offer this lovely town house, with his lovely quiet and beautifully leafy terrace. This newly renovated house on 3 levels, which can accomodate up to 4 people, consists of a large suite upstairs with double bed on the mezzanine and a sofa bed for 2 persons on the ground floor. You will find in this charming house all the conveniences to make you feel at home. It displays a fully equipped kitchen in order to organize dinners with friends, or small lunch in the garden.  The house is also equipped with all the technologies that will allow you to stay connected with the world constantly with high speed internet access, wireless (WiFi), all major French channels are available and a large numbers of channels international news (CNN, Bloomberg, CNBC, BBC, Al Jazeera, CCTV etc ...) The area of ""Levis market"" provides a village atmosphere in the most beautiful city in the world. The area is partially pedestrianized throughout the ye"	"Located in the 17th ardt. of Paris, near the ""Levis market"" we offer this lovely town house, with his lovely quiet and beautifully leafy terrace. This newly renovated house on 3 levels, which can accomodate up to 4 people, consists of a large suite upstairs with double bed on the mezzanine and a sofa bed for 2 persons on the ground floor. You will find in this charming house all the conveniences to make you feel at home. It displays a fully equipped kitchen in order to organize dinners with friends, or small lunch in the garden.  The house is also equipped with all the technologies that will allow you to stay connected with the world constantly with high speed internet access, wireless (WiFi), all major French channels are available and a large numbers of channels international news (CNN, Bloomberg, CNBC, BBC, Al Jazeera, CCTV etc ...) The area of ""Levis market"" provides a village atmosphere in the most beautiful city in the world. The area is partially pedestrianized throughout the ye"
1547	Bel appartement de 33 m2, idéalement situé au nord du 17 eme arrondissement, entre 3 stations de métro (Brochant, Guy Môquet, Place de Clichy), très lumineux, au 4e étage sans ascenseur d'un bâtiment sur cour, l'appartement est très calme, fraîchement rénové, doté d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain modernes et entièrement équipées.  Il peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes : deux dans la chambre (lit double), deux dans le salon (canapé-lit ultra confortable). Lit bébé disponible sur demande.  Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition: - La cuisine refaite à neuf avec tout l'équipement moderne (lave vaisselle / réfrigérateur / micro onde / four / plaques à induction / machine a café / bouilloire / grille pain) - Grande table de bar avec chaises hautes - Salle de douche fonctionnelle avec une machine à laver le linge - Nombreux rangements (penderie dans la chambre, placard à étagères dans le salon, meuble spécial chaussures)  Nous laissons dans l'appartement tout le nécessaire p	Bel appartement de 33 m2, idéalement situé au nord du 17 eme arrondissement, entre 3 stations de métro (Brochant, Guy Môquet, Place de Clichy), très lumineux, au 4e étage sans ascenseur d'un bâtiment sur cour, l'appartement est très calme, fraîchement rénové, doté d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain modernes et entièrement équipées.  Il peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes : deux dans la chambre (lit double), deux dans le salon (canapé-lit ultra confortable). Lit bébé disponible sur demande.  Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition: - La cuisine refaite à neuf avec tout l'équipement moderne (lave vaisselle / réfrigérateur / micro onde / four / plaques à induction / machine a café / bouilloire / grille pain) - Grande table de bar avec chaises hautes - Salle de douche fonctionnelle avec une machine à laver le linge - Nombreux rangements (penderie dans la chambre, placard à étagères dans le salon, meuble spécial chaussures)  Nous laissons dans l'appartement tout le nécessaire p
1548	Easy access from aiport (Air France Bus direct to/From Roissy and Beauvais airport) - 1 bedroom  - Living with sofa  - 1 bathroom - Fully equipped and independant kitchen	Charming & bright apartment ideally located in the 17th district of Paris, close to all of the best sites, attractions, shops ! Very safe neighborhood, close to the transportation. 2 min walk away from Le Palais des Congrès // Champs Elysées : 10min Close to Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro : 10 min Montmartre, Sacré Coeur : 20 min Saint Germain des Près, Saint Michel : 15 min Le Marais : 20 min
1549		Très joli 2 pièces récemment rénové, agréable pour cocooner et idéal point de départ pour une excursion parisienne. Proche des transports,  question commerces: tout ce qu'il vous faut est dans un rayon de 50 mètres! Brunchs, bars, restaurants, parc..
1550		Studio on the 6th floor with elevator for 3 guests in a safe residence. From the window, you will see the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is conveniently located, 5min from Villiers station, metro line 2 and 3, in the very nice 17th district.
1551		Appartement de 210m2 à 5mn de l'Arc de triomphe et du Parc Monceau au cœur du 17ème arrondissement, dans un immeuble hausmanien.  Décoration soignée et arty, idéal pour les familles avec enfants qui veulent visiter Paris et ses chefs d'œuvres .
1552		Modern  flat for 4 persons : 1 double bed room and a sofa bed in the living room. In the bathroom, shower and bathtube with tv. Another tv in the bedroom. The open kitchen is full equiped with a bar near the living room.
1553	Nice flat with 3 rooms with a living area of 60m2 on second floor in a building located in the one of the most nicest street in Batignolles' district.  It is perfect for a family but also for a group of friends as it get 2 double bedrooms and 1 double sofa bed.  You will certainly enjoy the charm of Parisian apartments: ceiling moldings,  antique parquet, typical chimney and mirrors. 	"Cosy 3 rooms Parisian flat,  spacious and pleasant in the Batignolles district in Paris where you will find really nice shops and restaurants/bar. If you want to discover a typical Parisian life, don't hesitate and come! Nice flat with 3 rooms with a living area of 60m2 on second floor in a building located in the one of the most nicest street in Batignolles' district.  It is perfect for a family but also for a group of friends as it get 2 double bedrooms and 1 double sofa bed.  You will certainly enjoy the charm of Parisian apartments: ceiling moldings,  antique parquet, typical chimney and mirrors. Internet / wi Fi / TV/ washing machine Sheets provided All depend when you will arrive. It would really nice to be there to welcome you but if we can't, one of our friend who is living in the same street would welcome you. The neightbourhood is really nice,it's a living and shopping area but also quiet keeping with  a typical French neighbourhood's life (""vie de quartier"").  There is a lot"
1554	"I'm very proud to introduce you my all new remodeled flat in Champs Elysees and Arch of Triumph area in Paris.  70 m2. Just remodeled in January this year. 2nd floor, 5nm from Champs Elysees and Arch of Triumph. We are 3mn from the metro station Charles de Gaule Etoile n1, 2, 6 and RER A  more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER. You can see Montmartre directly from the apartment. Fully equipped, we have everything you would need: linens, towels, wifi broad band, cable TV, big flat screen 55"" 4K, kitchen waves, coffee maker, hot water, heater etc.. With 4 beds with new high standards mattress, I garantie you that you will sleep well and have good rest for your Paris visit daytime.  The double bed is than queen size (160/200cm). The 2 single beds are 90x200cm, and the sofa bed in the living room (high quality from Maison des convertibles) is 160/200cm The check in from 3pm to 9pm (after the 9pm you have to pick up the key somewhere else)  The check out is before 11am.  If you are Co"	"Arch of Triumph Champs Elysées flat I'm very proud to introduce you my all new remodeled flat in Champs Elysees and Arch of Triumph area in Paris.  70 m2. Just remodeled in January this year. 2nd floor, 5nm from Champs Elysees and Arch of Triumph. We are 3mn from the metro station Charles de Gaule Etoile n1, 2, 6 and RER A  more the 10 bus lines, 2 subway lines, 1 RER. You can see Montmartre directly from the apartment. Fully equipped, we have everything you would need: linens, towels, wifi broad band, cable TV, big flat screen 55"" 4K, kitchen waves, coffee maker, hot water, heater etc.. With 4 beds with new high standards mattress, I garantie you that you will sleep well and have good rest for your Paris visit daytime.  The double bed is than queen size (160/200cm). The 2 single beds are 90x200cm, and the sofa bed in the living room (high quality from Maison des convertibles) is 160/200cm The check in from 3pm to 9pm (after the 9pm you have to pick up the key somewhere else)  The chec"
1555		Charming 2 bedroom apartment with a design living/dining room, double bedroom, bathroom & kitchen. Very bright, in a quiet street.  A 1-minute walk from Brochant Metro.  Near bars, restaurants, shops and to family Batignolles district
1556	Close to all amenities, comfortable, this apartment is quiet, elegant and cozy well appointed and nicely furnished. It will make you feel like at home ... in Paris! It has a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, coffee maker, tea maker, fridge ...) and a modern bathroom. Equipped with all modern conveniences (3D TV, Wifi, Blue-ray player, stereo system ...). Ideal for a couple on holiday visiting Paris.	"Beautiful 2 rooms flat, ideal for a couple on vacation. Recently renovated, tastefully decorated. First floor courtyard, quiet and cool during the summer. Enjoy a modern fully equipped apartment close to ""Brochant"" metro (5min from St Lazare). Close to all amenities, comfortable, this apartment is quiet, elegant and cozy well appointed and nicely furnished. It will make you feel like at home ... in Paris! It has a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, coffee maker, tea maker, fridge ...) and a modern bathroom. Equipped with all modern conveniences (3D TV, Wifi, Blue-ray player, stereo system ...). Ideal for a couple on holiday visiting Paris. Total access to all the apartment and to the courtyard. Secure building with Key Pad. Apartment on the 1st floor. Quick response by email! Do not hesitate to contact me for any further information. Many parks around the neighborhood, as well as cool shops and restaurants / bars at affordable prices. Metro: Brochant (Line 13), 5min from the Gare Saint"
1557	The fireplace, the parquet floor and the furniture will make you feel very confortable as at home	Welcome in my lovely parisian apartment located in the nice 17th arrondissement. Enjoy a cosy atmosphere in my one-bedroom flat with all the facilities you may need from the all equipped kitchen to the bathtub ! Groceries and shopping 5 minutes away The fireplace, the parquet floor and the furniture will make you feel very confortable as at home You have access to all the equipment in the apartment : kitchen fully equipped with washing machine, backing tray, hoven, nespresso machine ... washing machine for your laundry ... you even have access to a yamaha electronic piano if you want to We will meet for keys exchange and to welcome you ! The flat is very peaceful, you won't hear any noise from the street, but the bells of the church nearby sometimes ... and some birds ...  Metro lines 1-2-3 nearby (5min walking) Buses right at the corner and taxi station in 3 min
1558	The Flat is new and fully equippe. Everything is new and work's  perfectly. Wi-fi is provided. You can get accès to the gym on the ground floor for 15 euros a day.	New Flat in the center of Paris for 4 persons. Fully equipped with a wi-fi. Parking available for those coming by car. Gym on the ground floor for those coming by car. The Flat is new and fully equippe. Everything is new and work's  perfectly. Wi-fi is provided. You can get accès to the gym on the ground floor for 15 euros a day. The flat will be all yours during your stay. You can get in touch with us at anytime during your stay if there is any problem or for any request. The Neighborhood is very diversify, from restaurants to supermarkets and brasseries everything is around the bulding. The flat is 5 minutes away from the métro Villiers on the line 2. If you are late more than 1 hour i will ask you 20 euros  for a late check in after 8pm i will ask you 20 euros
1559	I'm renting a beautiful, cosy, and spacious room in a very parisian appartment (early twentieth century with high ceilings, wood floors, chimneypiece, etc.). The appartment is located in a very nice and central area of Paris. It's a 5 minutes walk to the Batignolles, 10 to Montmartre ! The street is calm, with a little park, in a great hood with plenty of shops and restaurants (including H24 pharmacy, groceries and bakery).  3 minutes to subway La Fourche, bus, vélib, taxi. The room contains everything to make yourself comfortable and happy during your stay : queen size comfy bed, bath and bed sheets, lot of closet space, tons of books, hi-fi system, very big window with a roof access, etc. The appartment contains :  2 bathrooms (one with a bath and toilets), separate toilets, A nice and fully equiped kitchen : oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, juicemaker, coffemaker... A living-room, with another library and Hi-Fi system. Wi-fi access, landline phone for international calls (	I'm renting a beautiful, cosy, and spacious room in a very parisian appartment (early twentieth century with high ceilings, wood floors, chimneypiece, etc.). The appartment is located in a very nice and central area of Paris. It's a 5 minutes walk to the Batignolles, 10 to Montmartre ! The street is calm, with a little park, in a great hood with plenty of shops and restaurants (including H24 pharmacy, groceries and bakery).  3 minutes to subway La Fourche, bus, vélib, taxi. The room contains everything to make yourself comfortable and happy during your stay : queen size comfy bed, bath and bed sheets, lot of closet space, tons of books, hi-fi system, very big window with a roof access, etc. The appartment contains :  2 bathrooms (one with a bath and toilets), separate toilets, A nice and fully equiped kitchen : oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, juicemaker, coffemaker... A living-room, with another library and Hi-Fi system. Wi-fi access, landline phone for international calls (
1560	This comfortable, welcoming & stylish family home is in the heart of lively Batignolles neighborhood in a safe building with a double door security access.  As it is our family home, it is lovingly maintained, impeccably clean with brand new cotton percale sheets and fresh towels included. It's perfect for a family of up to 3 kids (there is an additional single mattress in the house) or 2 couples. Near many trendy bars and restaurants, there is also an historical indoor farmers market around the corner, and for kids, the lovely Batignolles gardens with its carousel, ducks and playground are just a minute away.   BABIES: We have recently purchased a brand new baby umbrella stroller, a cot and a high-chair for the littlest ones, so you can travel light. With the parc, its ducks and carousel around the corner, this house welcomes babies! The entrance corridor leads to the MASTER BEDROOM which overlooks a quiet and sunny courtyard. It has a king size bed (180×200), a very large closet wher	LARGE (72m2) CLEAN, QUIET, STYLISH FAMILY HOME 2 large bedroom + dble living room. Perfect for 2 couples/family/kids. Great restaurants & parks near by. Experience the real Paris away from the tourists tracks. Fast Wifi/Cable TV/DVD-Luxury ammenities. This comfortable, welcoming & stylish family home is in the heart of lively Batignolles neighborhood in a safe building with a double door security access.  As it is our family home, it is lovingly maintained, impeccably clean with brand new cotton percale sheets and fresh towels included. It's perfect for a family of up to 3 kids (there is an additional single mattress in the house) or 2 couples. Near many trendy bars and restaurants, there is also an historical indoor farmers market around the corner, and for kids, the lovely Batignolles gardens with its carousel, ducks and playground are just a minute away.   BABIES: We have recently purchased a brand new baby umbrella stroller, a cot and a high-chair for the littlest ones, so you can 
1561	the studio is very practical and elegant. Everything has been recently renovated.	Situated in an animated area, the studio is very quiet and clean. Tastefully decorated in a minimalist way, it's fully comfortable and offer everything's needed for a short stay or business trip of 1  month and more, enjoy Batignolles and Montmartre. the studio is very practical and elegant. Everything has been recently renovated. I arrange your stay through mail and phone. You can talk with the concierge in the building who is very kind and helpful. Trendy places and areas around. Animated streets and shoppings. Parks and public gardens. Cafes, groceries, bakeries, restaurants. 15' to department stores, 30' walking to the Etoile and even less to Montmartre. every public transportation are around. Also renting bikes (velib) and cars (autolib).  English, french and spanish speaking. 
1562	Vous n’avez rien à partager, l'appartement à tout ce qu'il faut pour votre escapade parisienne et découvrir Paris en quelques jours seul ou à deux. La studette a été entièrement refaite à neuf.  La douche est dans l'appartement et les WC accessibles par le couloir. La studette dispose d'une cuisine, avec plaques électriques deux feux, un évier, un frigo avec congélateur et une étagère. Pour votre confort, la studette dispose d'un lit deux places mezzanine (afin de conserver un maximum d'espace libre pour vous), d'un canapé convertible en lit 2 places et de couvertures. Pour travailler, un petit bureau est disponible. L'appartement dispose également d'un accès Internet Wifi gratuit (fibre optique +200 Mb/s) 24h/24 ! Pour vos affaires personnelles, des étagères sont disponibles dans la cuisine et un dressing est également à votre disposition pour y loger tous vos habits. La cuisine est équipée et dispose de couverts et ustensiles de cuisine, d'un grille pain, d'une cafetière, d'un four, 	A deux pas des Champs Élysées, je vous propose la location de mon appartement pour vos séjours professionnels et/ou touristiques. L'appartement a tout ce dont vous avez besoin (cuisine, douche, toilettes, vaisselle) pour votre escapade Parisienne ! Vous n’avez rien à partager, l'appartement à tout ce qu'il faut pour votre escapade parisienne et découvrir Paris en quelques jours seul ou à deux. La studette a été entièrement refaite à neuf.  La douche est dans l'appartement et les WC accessibles par le couloir. La studette dispose d'une cuisine, avec plaques électriques deux feux, un évier, un frigo avec congélateur et une étagère. Pour votre confort, la studette dispose d'un lit deux places mezzanine (afin de conserver un maximum d'espace libre pour vous), d'un canapé convertible en lit 2 places et de couvertures. Pour travailler, un petit bureau est disponible. L'appartement dispose également d'un accès Internet Wifi gratuit (fibre optique +200 Mb/s) 24h/24 ! Pour vos affaires personne
1563		Jolie studio au 6eme étage avec ascenseur situez au pied des commerces et du métro Villiers avec une vue dégager sur les toit de Paris.
1564	Venez découvrir mon appartement! Un deux pièces adorable, situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles à deux pas de la Place de Clichy, du Parc Monceau et à dix minutes à pieds de Pigalle. Je dispose d'une grande chambre confortable avec lit double, armoire, lumineuse et calme ( elle donne sur une jolie cour arborée), d'un salon avec un canapé qui peut se transformer en lit simple si besoin, d'une petite salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine pratique.  En bas de chez moi, vous trouverez, des petits commerces, un café restaurant typiquement parisien au bout de la rue et tous les supermarchés comme Franprix, Monoprix à côté. Je dispose d'une connexion wifi haut débit, de la télévision (écran plat). Une machine à laver le linge est également à votre disposition.	Un deux pièces adorable, situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles à deux pas de la Place de Clichy, du Parc Monceau et à dix minutes à pieds de Pigalle. Venez découvrir mon appartement! Un deux pièces adorable, situé au cœur du quartier des Batignolles à deux pas de la Place de Clichy, du Parc Monceau et à dix minutes à pieds de Pigalle. Je dispose d'une grande chambre confortable avec lit double, armoire, lumineuse et calme ( elle donne sur une jolie cour arborée), d'un salon avec un canapé qui peut se transformer en lit simple si besoin, d'une petite salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine pratique.  En bas de chez moi, vous trouverez, des petits commerces, un café restaurant typiquement parisien au bout de la rue et tous les supermarchés comme Franprix, Monoprix à côté. Je dispose d'une connexion wifi haut débit, de la télévision (écran plat). Une machine à laver le linge est également à votre disposition. Je vous indiquerai à votre arrivée tous les bons plans du quartier, un
1565		Confortable grand studio de 40m2 avec séparation chambre proche Arc de Triomphe, 5mins à pied des Champs Elysées.  Proche parc, commerce, métro ligne 1 ou RER A Charles de Gaulle Etoile.   Calme et très clair dans un immeuble sécurisé.
1566	Chambre avec lit double dans un appartement situé au coeur du quartier des Batignolles (17 ème arrondissement de Paris). Appartement agréable et lumineux, proche des commerces, restaurants, bars et parcs. Métro : Rome (ligne 2) Villiers (ligne 2 et 3) Brochant (ligne 13)	Bedroom with a double bed in an apartment in Batignolles area (17th district of Paris). Cosy and bright apartement, close to stores, restaurants, bars and parks. Subway: Rome (line 2) Villiers (lines 2 and 3) Brochant (line 13)
1567	Agréable à vivre, l'appartement dispose d'un double séjour donnant sur un patio privatif, rare pour un premier étage en plein Paris! La chambre est spacieuse et confortable, et une possibilité d'héberger un enfant est envisageable sur demande! Appartement tout équipé (four, plaques électriques, lave linge et ustensiles de cuisine...).	Bel appartement 38m2 proche av des Champs Elysées! Vous serez charmés par son emplacement,dans une rue de marché atypique!Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris & profiter de votre séjour (métro & sites touristiques proches).Idéal couple avec enfant! Agréable à vivre, l'appartement dispose d'un double séjour donnant sur un patio privatif, rare pour un premier étage en plein Paris! La chambre est spacieuse et confortable, et une possibilité d'héberger un enfant est envisageable sur demande! Appartement tout équipé (four, plaques électriques, lave linge et ustensiles de cuisine...). En couple avec un enfant? N'hésitez pas à nous demander un lit bébé, c'est avec plaisir que je vous OFFRE cette troisième place ! Accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement (Wifi, TV, équipements de cuisine et lave linge).  Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous apporter des informations utiles à votre séjour afin de préparer au mieux votre arrivée! A 7 minutes à pied des site
1568	Close to all shops, butcher, fishmonger, bakery, restaurant, florist ... 15 mins walk from Montmartre Centrally located and not overlooked wifi All the amenities within the apartment Presentation of the area and the many restaurants nearby !! The area is very nice !! Boules right in front, park on the left !! Beautiful walk in the Batignolles district Many restaurants rue Legendre Metro, bus and Velib station Autolib bottom of the slot	Close to all shops, butcher, fishmonger, bakery, restaurant, florist ... 15 mins walk from Montmartre Centrally located and not overlooked wifi All the amenities within the apartment Presentation of the area and the many restaurants nearby !! The area is very nice !! Boules right in front, park on the left !! Beautiful walk in the Batignolles district Many restaurants rue Legendre Metro, bus and Velib station Autolib bottom of the slot All the accommodations  WIFI  MAC  TV  BOSE SOUND  I will be there for the first presentation of the flat and the area  Subway, bicycle, bus, auto lib is just below of the flat 
1569	It is a very quiet and shiny place, though located in a dynamic and lovely area of the capital : les Batignolles / Montmartre - full of bars, restaurants, shops, boulangeries, wine shops, this area is considered as a village in Paris. You will be at walk distance of Montmartre / Pigalle / Monceau / Saint-Lazare / etc. In other words if you want to visit, chill-out, run, party, drink, eat, shop, whatever, you can do it by walk from the flat. Many transport options (bus, metro, trains) are anyway available around the flat to move wherever you want. To be very clear: this is NOT a refurbished/design/aseptic place. This is NOT a hotel room or a guesthouse. This is simply my home. This is where a typical Parisian/French lives. This is then an opportunity for you to experience Paris from its earth, like a Parisian. The guests I already received loved this super-Parisian experience and I am sure you will :)	I am very happy to welcome you in my studio (I leave here all year long since 4 years) located between Batignolles and Montmartre ! If you want to experience the Parisian life, this is the perfect place ! You will be my guests and feel like at home! It is a very quiet and shiny place, though located in a dynamic and lovely area of the capital : les Batignolles / Montmartre - full of bars, restaurants, shops, boulangeries, wine shops, this area is considered as a village in Paris. You will be at walk distance of Montmartre / Pigalle / Monceau / Saint-Lazare / etc. In other words if you want to visit, chill-out, run, party, drink, eat, shop, whatever, you can do it by walk from the flat. Many transport options (bus, metro, trains) are anyway available around the flat to move wherever you want. To be very clear: this is NOT a refurbished/design/aseptic place. This is NOT a hotel room or a guesthouse. This is simply my home. This is where a typical Parisian/French lives. This is then an op
1570		Au 2ème étage d'un bel immeuble joli 2 pièces meublé comprenant: une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse, une chambre, une cuisine, salle de douche et WC séparé. Appartement très calme et lumineux. A proximité de nombreux commerces et transports.
1571	Beautiful 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom, garden flat. Original feature, in a very safe area of Paris, 10mns walk from Champs Elysees. also near a famous street called rue de Levi for food market. The metro is 100 meters away (metro Wagram)  150 sq meters glat with private garden ! 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, all bedrooms are en suite. 2 separate toilets - A very large living room, an office, a large kitchen with american fridge  Everywhere!  We interact as much as you'd like us too, or not at all if ypu prefer not too! Very safe area, Parc Monceau is 5mns away, Champs Elysees 10mns walk and rue de Levi for fresh food daily market. 30 mns drive from Ch de Gaulle Airport, Metro Wagram is 100 meters away.  Metro is closed by. buses near also and taxi station just outside It's a garden flat so very easy to get in for handicaps too 	Luxe in Paris ! A 150 square garden appartement with 3 double bedrooms and 3 bathrooms attached. A very large living room with fireplace and many original (Haussman) feature throughout , 10 mns walk from Champs Elysees, located Avenue de Wagram Beautiful 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom, garden flat. Original feature, in a very safe area of Paris, 10mns walk from Champs Elysees. also near a famous street called rue de Levi for food market. The metro is 100 meters away (metro Wagram)  150 sq meters glat with private garden ! 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, all bedrooms are en suite. 2 separate toilets - A very large living room, an office, a large kitchen with american fridge  Everywhere!  We interact as much as you'd like us too, or not at all if ypu prefer not too! Very safe area, Parc Monceau is 5mns away, Champs Elysees 10mns walk and rue de Levi for fresh food daily market. 30 mns drive from Ch de Gaulle Airport, Metro Wagram is 100 meters away.  Metro is closed by. buses near also and taxi station 
1572	Big & bright apartment with 2 rooms (1 bedroom) located on 5th floor with parquet floor and recently renovated. Perfect for a couple, it is equipped with a sofa bed in the living room witch can be used an extra bed for an extra traveller. Fully equipped flat : Wi-Fi, household linen… Spacious living room with a space dedicated to lounge/chilling (comfortable sofa, rocking chairs), and  dedicated space to dining room.  Big open kitchen and fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, tumble-dryer, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, blender, kettle, and numerous various kitchen accessories (we love cooking :) ). Separate bedroom stage left for a perfect peace and quiet sleep. Separate bathroom, separate toilets. 5th floor without elevator ;) 	Bright apartment with 2 rooms in a calm building located in the center of a typical neighborhood very close to Montmartre & Batignolles  50m2 spacious, bright & with a big fitted kitchen  Big & bright apartment with 2 rooms (1 bedroom) located on 5th floor with parquet floor and recently renovated. Perfect for a couple, it is equipped with a sofa bed in the living room witch can be used an extra bed for an extra traveller. Fully equipped flat : Wi-Fi, household linen… Spacious living room with a space dedicated to lounge/chilling (comfortable sofa, rocking chairs), and  dedicated space to dining room.  Big open kitchen and fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, tumble-dryer, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, blender, kettle, and numerous various kitchen accessories (we love cooking :) ). Separate bedroom stage left for a perfect peace and quiet sleep. Separate bathroom, separate toilets. 5th floor without elevator ;) All the flat  I’m very available  Don’t hesit
1573		Nice, bright, quiet bedroom, not overlooked, situaded in the 17th arrondissement. Kitchen and bathroom to share, wifi included. Your own fridge provided. Lots of accommodations near by. Metro 3 minutes walk. Frais de ménage: 15€
1574	Ce 2 pièces est un appartement lumineux au 7ème étages (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble calme. Le quartier a pleins de restaurants et de commerçants. Vous êtes à côté de l'arc de triomphe et donc de pleins de moyen de transports: métro ligne 1, 2, 6 et RER A. Cela vous permet d'arriver rapidement dans tous les coins de Paris. Je met à votre disposition les draps, oreillers, vaisselles, et internet. La cuisine américaine est très bien équipée avec une plaque vitro céramique, un frigo, un four-micro-onde, un mixeur, une bouilloire électrique, et un presse-fruit. Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas. 	Ce grand 2 pièces est très lumineux en plus d'être bien situé (5min de l'arc de triomphe). Il est au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Et près des métros ligne 1,2,6 et RER A. Quartier calme mais près des endroits où faire la fête. Ce 2 pièces est un appartement lumineux au 7ème étages (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble calme. Le quartier a pleins de restaurants et de commerçants. Vous êtes à côté de l'arc de triomphe et donc de pleins de moyen de transports: métro ligne 1, 2, 6 et RER A. Cela vous permet d'arriver rapidement dans tous les coins de Paris. Je met à votre disposition les draps, oreillers, vaisselles, et internet. La cuisine américaine est très bien équipée avec une plaque vitro céramique, un frigo, un four-micro-onde, un mixeur, une bouilloire électrique, et un presse-fruit. Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas. Tout l'appartement sera à votre disposition Mes parents seront à votre disposition si vous avez un problème ou si vous avez besoin d'une adresse de bons restaurants ou
1575	The room is really well located in the most beautiful part of the 17th district,	Chambre agréable de 9 m2 dans un beau quartier du 17e à 3 min de Pereire (ligne3) Nice location of 9 square meters in a nice neighborhood 3 min away from Pereire station (line 3) with all facilities (toilets 3m from the room, shared w/ 1 person)   The room is really well located in the most beautiful part of the 17th district, Il n'y a que les toilettes à partager (sur le pallier) avec une personne, il est vivement conseillé de ne pas oublier les clefs à l'intérieur lors de l'utilisation des WC... Je serai dans les environs et vous accueillerait pour vous présenter la chambre voire même un petit tour dans le quartier ! Ballade Pereire, parc en longueur à 30 mètres de la chambre. Parc Monceau, un des plus beaux parcs de Paris. Ligne 3 arrêt Pereire ou Ligne 2 arrêt Ternes, bus 92, PC3, PC1... Je donnerai plusieurs recommandations concernant les sorties (diurnes et nocturnes) sur demande !
1576	Convenient 17th arr. location steps from Metro Champerret.   Lots of restaurants and all conveniences nearby.   A short walk to a great covered market (shop like real Parisians!)   This is a very safe area of Paris and one where you still hear more French than English, even during vacation periods!   Parc Monceau is 15m walk away, as is the Place de l'Etoile (Arc de Triomphe).   Lots of fashionable shops within 10m walk.   The lovely pocket parks of the Blvd Pereire are a 2-minute walk away. Our 80 square meter apartment is ideal for 2 adults and one child (or two kids with one on an air mattress).  It can sleep 1-2 more on convertible sofa in living room.  It has a very large living/dining room.   Lots of floor-to-ceiling windows.  3 small balconies.  Small but fully equipped kitchen which looks through to the living room via the bar.   One bedroom faces rear and has a new and very comfortable queen bed.   The other bedroom has a single bed which is suited for a child.  Room is filled	Convenient 17th arr. location steps from Metro Champerret.   Lots of restaurants and all conveniences nearby.   A short walk to a great covered market (shop like real Parisians!)   This is a very safe area of Paris and one where you still hear more French than English, even during vacation periods!   Parc Monceau is 15m walk away, as is the Place de l'Etoile (Arc de Triomphe).   Lots of fashionable shops within 10m walk.   The lovely pocket parks of the Blvd Pereire are a 2-minute walk away. Our 80 square meter apartment is ideal for 2 adults and one child (or two kids with one on an air mattress).  It can sleep 1-2 more on convertible sofa in living room.  It has a very large living/dining room.   Lots of floor-to-ceiling windows.  3 small balconies.  Small but fully equipped kitchen which looks through to the living room via the bar.   One bedroom faces rear and has a new and very comfortable queen bed.   The other bedroom has a single bed which is suited for a child.  Room is filled
1577	Appartement idéalement situé Non loin des Champs Elysées et de St Lazare Accessible par bus ou métro Calme 	"Situé dans le chic 17ème arr parisien Appt de type 2 pièces / 39 m2 1 chambre avec lit double et rangements 1 cuisine séparée (lave linge séchant / Four / pas de micro ondes, pas de lave vaisselle) SDB avec baignoire et fenêtre WC séparé Appartement idéalement situé Non loin des Champs Elysées et de St Lazare Accessible par bus ou métro Calme Appartement entièrement laissé au voyageur Quartier ""village"" avec tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble : boucherie, boulangerie, primeur, pharmacie...  Très bien desservi Bus 53 / 31 Metro 3 ou 2 "
1578	This charming flat is well situated near Arc de Triomphe, near the Park Monceau and great shopping streets. The apartment is in a very quiet street, to ground floor offers a nice living room , 1 bedroom, and a large bathroom (with both a shower and a bath) and a well furnished kitchen. We will prepare the bed linen and have towels ready for you, as well as space in the closets. You can have wifi free internet access.  Our apartment is on Rue de Saussure. It is extremely well located, a block from the line 2 Metro Villiers. Rue de Levis, one of the great Paris outdoor shopping streets, is only two blocks away. Parc de Monceau, one of Paris' largest and most beautiful parks, is a ten-minute walk away. Wonderful cafes on our block and lots of places to eat. One of the best taxi stands in Paris is on the block, as is a two-line Metro station. This is a wonderful, authentic Paris neighborhood.	This charming flat is well situated near Arc de Triomphe, near the Park Monceau and great shopping streets. The apartment is in a very quiet street, to ground floor offers a nice living room , 1 bedroom, and a large bathroom (with both a shower and a bath) and a well furnished kitchen. We will prepare the bed linen and have towels ready for you, as well as space in the closets. You can have wifi free internet access.  Our apartment is on Rue de Saussure. It is extremely well located, a block from the line 2 Metro Villiers. Rue de Levis, one of the great Paris outdoor shopping streets, is only two blocks away. Parc de Monceau, one of Paris' largest and most beautiful parks, is a ten-minute walk away. Wonderful cafes on our block and lots of places to eat. One of the best taxi stands in Paris is on the block, as is a two-line Metro station. This is a wonderful, authentic Paris neighborhood.
1579		Appartement de 90m2, 3 chambres (lits doubles) + 1 canapé lit. Salon très agréable, design, instruments de musique, télé écran plat. Cuisine équipée. WIFI. Métro Brochant (Batignolles). 15 minutes à pieds de Montmartre. Quartier vivant et agréable.
1580	FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm (645 sq ft) for rent immediately in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - PARIS 17eme - METRO: VILLIERS The DISTRICT : the apt is in the heart of a cool village vibe, a typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ».  Very central (15mn by walk to Etoile or Montmartre) and very safe. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Monceau district ! 5mn from the metro Etoile (line 2) ! The APPARTMENT : 5th floor in a typical parisien building. Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with a bed 140 with storage, 1 large leaving room with a large sofa bed for 2 persons, new plasma TV, DVD, Wifi, 1 kitchen with washing machine for clothes, stove, ustensils, toaster, coffee machine etc. and 1 new bathroom. 1 BABY BED is also provided if needed! Very bright with 3 large  windows, the apartment is a clean and well distributed space providing light and 	FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm for rent in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - Paris 17eme. A typical Parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ». FURNISHED apartment 60 sqm (645 sq ft) for rent immediately in one of the best area in Paris : Monceau Etoile. Located in the luxurious Monceau district - PARIS 17eme - METRO: VILLIERS The DISTRICT : the apt is in the heart of a cool village vibe, a typical parisian area with cafes, very nice restaurants, and the famous « Marché de Lévis ».  Very central (15mn by walk to Etoile or Montmartre) and very safe. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Monceau district ! 5mn from the metro Etoile (line 2) ! The APPARTMENT : 5th floor in a typical parisien building. Totally re decorated with care: 1 bedroom with a bed 140 with storage, 1 large leaving room with a large sofa bed for 2 persons, new plasma TV, DVD, Wifi, 1 kitchen with was
1581		Proche tout commerces, restaurants et brasseries parisiennes Proche du métro (Rome - ligne 2)
1582	Charming, cozy and quiet apt of 60m2 in lively neighborhood. Luminous room with sofa bed, table, chairs, counter... Quiet bedroom and inner courtyard.	Cozy, quiet and very luminous apt. will warmly welcome you for an ideal stay not far from the heart of Paris. It's 5 min. walk from the subway station (Brochant, ligne 13). Charming, cozy and quiet apt of 60m2 in lively neighborhood. Luminous room with sofa bed, table, chairs, counter... Quiet bedroom and inner courtyard. Kitchen fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, an oven, dishes and anything you need to cook, coffee pot. Bathroom with a huge bath, toilets separated. Hairdryer, Internet WIFI I do with you the checkin and after I disappear :) But you can contact me anytime if you need something. The apartment is surrounded by great walking and shopping district of « avenue des Moines » : a typical Parisian street market every day on the cobblestone street, a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair salons, bars, wine shops, cafés and restaurants.  The apartment is also just a few minutes on foot from « Batignolles » : famous district with lovely squares, organic market on Saturdays (9 a
1583	Appartement 2 pièces au premier étage coté cours avec chambre séparée. Possibilité de loger 2 personnes supplémentaires sur un matelas pneumatique neuf (et électrique). 	Deux pièces lumineux au calme, peut loger jusque 4 personnes. Chambre séparée avec lit 2 places. Proche métro La Fourche (ligne 13) et proche quartier Montmartre. Cuisine équipée avec bouilloire, Nespresso, grille pain .... Internet à disposition. Appartement 2 pièces au premier étage coté cours avec chambre séparée. Possibilité de loger 2 personnes supplémentaires sur un matelas pneumatique neuf (et électrique). Le quartier est calme et agréable, appartement proche toutes commodités. De très bons bars et restaurants à 5 min à pieds rue Legendre Metro ligne 13, arrêt La Fourche
1584	Situé a 5mn du Metro Rome dans quartier agréable des Batignoles / pas loin de la Place de Clichy et des grands boulevards /Gare St Lazarre .  Lumineux avec une belle vue sur les toits parisiens.	Bonjour,  Je loue mon appartement pour une courte durée à partir du 7 août pour 3 sem. C'est un 2 pièces de 30 m2 exposition Est , tout équipé, TV Refrigérateur, micro onde , rangements placards , lit 2 places, canapé.  Au 6eme étages sans ascenseur. Situé a 5mn du Metro Rome dans quartier agréable des Batignoles / pas loin de la Place de Clichy et des grands boulevards /Gare St Lazarre .  Lumineux avec une belle vue sur les toits parisiens. Je tiens a préciser que c'est un 6eme étage sans ascenseur. Avis aux sportifs/ves. NB: j'ai un planning ou je ne suis pas toujours présente, néanmoins je tiens à vous accueillir personnellement pour vous présenter mon petit cocoon. Le quartier est truffé de bons petits restaurants avec une rue commerçante Rue des Batignoles, 2 parcs: Le square des Batignoles et le parc Martin Luther King . Cinéma Place Clichy et théâtres . Quartier calme  A 15/mn à pied de la gare St Lazare et des grands Magasins sur le Boulevard Haussmann Metro Rome .L'appartement
1585	"Notre appartement est à la fois traditionnel et moderne, cuisine style 1900, confort moderne mais dans une atmosphère ""proustienne"" disons! Extrêmement calme et lumineux, ce qui est luxe rare à Paris... La ""Chambre Rose"" qui vous accueillera est au fond de l'appartement, isolée du reste par un long couloir, et la salle de bain directement accessible. "	"Typically parisian flat,130 m2, in a quiet and distinguished neighborhood, 10 minutes walking from the Place de l'Etoile, in the ""Ternes"" area. The ""Chambre rose"" is the quietest, lightest, and has this cosy atmosphere due to its antiques furnitures. Notre appartement est à la fois traditionnel et moderne, cuisine style 1900, confort moderne mais dans une atmosphère ""proustienne"" disons! Extrêmement calme et lumineux, ce qui est luxe rare à Paris... La ""Chambre Rose"" qui vous accueillera est au fond de l'appartement, isolée du reste par un long couloir, et la salle de bain directement accessible.  Wifi gratuit accessible dans le grand salon ou le salon argentin, qui est aussi une bibliothèque et un espace TV. Vous pourrez y regarder un film ou bouquiner en toute tranquillité, au calme et au chant des oiseaux de la cour arborée sur laquelle donne tout l'appartement. Un large choix de DVD et de livres est à votre disposition, à consulter sur place! Dans cette zone à la fois calme et viva"
1586	The appartment is a lovely place to spend a special time in Paris. You will have the opportunity to feel like a Parisian	2 rooms flat in the center of Paris, 5 minutes walking from the Champs Elysées,  The appartment is a lovely place to spend a special time in Paris. You will have the opportunity to feel like a Parisian You can use the Nespresso coffee machine.  We fluently speak english and spanish and french and we will be happy to give you advices on your stay in Paris. It is close to everything: grocery market 30 seconds walking, subway station 2 minutes walking, very good restaurants in the street and really close to the Champs Elysées. Subway: Line 1 (Argentine, Porte Maillot) Line 2 (Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Ternes) RER A ( Charles de Gaulle Etoile) RER C ( Porte Maillot) direct access to the Eiffel Tower Enjoy your stay !
1587	This flat gather all the experience of living as a parisian: a warm and cosy atmosphere, very luminous and beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower on the roof of the capital; very well located in a charming arrondissement. 	Cosy 33sqm Flat in the heart of Battignoles neighborhood : ideal for a lovers week / week end to enjoy a real parisian life in Paris, discover nice and welcoming bars and restaurants; 15 min by walk or 3 Metro stations from Opéra & Galerie Lafayette. This flat gather all the experience of living as a parisian: a warm and cosy atmosphere, very luminous and beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower on the roof of the capital; very well located in a charming arrondissement. 
1588		This charming and sunny bedroom will be perfect for an authentic parisian experience... Kitchen , bathroom, and living room Easy interactions; i am used to check my emails, and use my phone for my job. So for sure, it will be easy to discuss together, and I will be happy to help and give you some advice if needed The neighborhood is lively, the Rue de la Jonquière host lots of shops... The Epinette and Martin Luther King Squares (greats gardens in Paris) are at 5 min walk to the flat.  Montmartre is easy to reach (15 min walk or accessible by the metro -). The Moulin Rouge is 20 min away by walk ! Walking in the streets you might meet cinema stars (many of them have a flat in this district). Within 100 meters... Restaurants, few bars, a supermarket very close, bakeries, groceries, dry-cleaner, hair dresser, etc... - Metros : Station Brochant (200 meters far. Lines 13 or Guy Moquet line 13 )  - RER C : Porte de Clichy 8 minutes by walk - Train Station : Pont Cardinet  10 min by walk)  -
1589	 2 heaters, folding dining room table and chairs, small oven and 2 stove plates, fridge, large bathtub, linen and towels included. On the summer, we also have a fan available [we clicked on air conditionning because no other option was open to tell you for the fan :) ]. But don't worry, Paris is usually pretty nice weather or a bit rainy during the summer. You have also access to free long distance calls, and even french and US mobile phones.  (Other pictures upon request) We don't smoke and hardly any of our guests smokes. but if you smoke next to an open window, it's accepted. Well-situated in the lively and safe 17th district.  - Next to metro Rome, Place de Clichy, Villiers (line 2, 3 & 13),  - bus 30, 66, 53,  - train stations St Lazare, and Pont Cardinet  - and several Velib station (bikes in common share around paris). Around your future place, you'll find:  -Rue Lévis, a typical Parisian street market every day on the cobblestone street, a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair salons	 2 heaters, folding dining room table and chairs, small oven and 2 stove plates, fridge, large bathtub, linen and towels included. On the summer, we also have a fan available [we clicked on air conditionning because no other option was open to tell you for the fan :) ]. But don't worry, Paris is usually pretty nice weather or a bit rainy during the summer. You have also access to free long distance calls, and even french and US mobile phones.  (Other pictures upon request) We don't smoke and hardly any of our guests smokes. but if you smoke next to an open window, it's accepted. Well-situated in the lively and safe 17th district.  - Next to metro Rome, Place de Clichy, Villiers (line 2, 3 & 13),  - bus 30, 66, 53,  - train stations St Lazare, and Pont Cardinet  - and several Velib station (bikes in common share around paris). Around your future place, you'll find:  -Rue Lévis, a typical Parisian street market every day on the cobblestone street, a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair salons
1590	Ce logement bénéficie d'une grande baie vitrée et d'un balcon, ultra lumineuse et plaisant !	Ce logement bénéficie d'une grande baie vitrée et d'un balcon, ultra lumineuse et plaisant ! Les voyageurs auront accès à internet très haut débit, wifi, vidéo projecteur, machine à laver (mini cinéma) et téléviseur grand écran  Numéro de téléphone  Quartier Pereire situé à proximité de la porte maillot, et des champs élyssées   Metro (porte de champerret) Bus (porte de champerret)
1591	Located on a animated street, in a modern, securised with digital door codes building, but with a really calm yard (only bird singing wakes you up) on the 4th floor with 2 elevators, the apartment offers a large living room with a sofa bed for two (there is a possibility to put a bed for a child or an adult), a meal corner and a modern bathroom with a large Italian shower and a washing machine (from the 1st of June).  The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave-oven, induction hobs, a coffee machine, and tableware to enable you to enjoy your meals in the apartment.	Enjoy a true Parisian experience with this perfectly equipped and sunny apartment in the bustling 18th Arrondissement.  Enjoy the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this renewed and decorated by an architect apartment.  Located on a animated street, in a modern, securised with digital door codes building, but with a really calm yard (only bird singing wakes you up) on the 4th floor with 2 elevators, the apartment offers a large living room with a sofa bed for two (there is a possibility to put a bed for a child or an adult), a meal corner and a modern bathroom with a large Italian shower and a washing machine (from the 1st of June).  The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave-oven, induction hobs, a coffee machine, and tableware to enable you to enjoy your meals in the apartment. The basic products (olive oil, salt, sugar, coffee and so on) are furnished, no rush to buy them when arrive in the appartment. The beverages and fruits are offered.
1592		50m2 flat in Paris 17e, perfect for a couple ! Room, living-room and (website hidden), Internet, washing machine. 10 min walking from Champs Elysées and many transport facilities. Shops and market all around the place. Really quiet neighborhood
1593		Studio 7 eme étage sans ascenseur immeuble haussmannien, calme donnant sur cour. Tout équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, canapé lit...) et proche métro 1,2,6 et rer A. Wifi, Tv, cuisine équipée Le calme et la proximité de l'arc de triomphe, Champs Elysées et toutes les commodités
1594	Situé dans le cœur de paris, dans un quartier très vivant.	Maison individuelle sur une petite cour, très calme, claire et ensoleillée en plein cœur de Paris, quartier des Batignolles, un quartier très animé et vivant, (restaurant, bars, terrasses...) à  250m du métro Rome et proximité place de Clichy. Situé dans le cœur de paris, dans un quartier très vivant. Restaurants, bar, pub, cinéma... Proche du métro Animations, commerces, aux cœur d'un quartier jeunes et animés Voiture, métro, bus...
1595	Lumineux, spacieux, agréable, bon emplacement, proche de tout, tout est fournis, draps et serviettes	Appartement, grand deux pièces à 5min en voiture de l'arc de triomphe ,métro perreire, champerret,  60m2, 4ème étage, ascenseur, séjour, chambre séparée , salle de bain baignoire balneo, Wc, cuisine séparée, équipée, lit double et grand canapé lit deux personnes, deux tv, ordinateur Packard Bell , musique, draps et serviettes sont fournis. Lumineux, spacieux, agréable, bon emplacement, proche de tout, tout est fournis, draps et serviettes Palais des congrès 5min à pied, champs élysées 5min en voiture, place perreire 1min à pied Place perreire avec ses nombreux restaurants, centre commercial So west, le Sky bar à l'hôtel Hyatt, proximité champs élysées Metro porte Champerret
1596	The flat is one-room apartment composed of: - a fully equiped kitchen; - a living-room and a dining room furnished with modern, design and high quality furnitures (Roche Bobois); - The bedroom offer you comfort and peace (all you will hear are birds in the morning).	Cosy flat to rent in the area between Malesherbes and Batignolles. The flat is one-room apartment composed of: - a fully equiped kitchen; - a living-room and a dining room furnished with modern, design and high quality furnitures (Roche Bobois); - The bedroom offer you comfort and peace (all you will hear are birds in the morning). Internet (Wifi), speakes where you can plug your Iphone to hear your favorite music; A rower in the bedroom; A flat screen TV set with international channels (BBC...) I will be reachable by email or sms for any further information. If needed, some of my friends are also my neighboors and coud help you. The flat is only a block and a half away from the subway, restaurants & shops (one of the best cheese seller is at 2 minutes walk) and located in the quiet area between Malesherbes and Batignolles.  You will enjoy the proximity with parks (Monceau, Marthin Luther King, Batignolles), with markets (Levi, Poncelet, Batignolles). You will reach Opera or Etoille wi
1597	- Pas de soirées	Appartement typiquement parisien avec parquet en bois, cheminées et moulures. Confortable et lumineux, il est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Deux chambres (une chambre double et une chambre simple), salon, salle à manger et balcon traversant. Proche de tous types de commerces. - Pas de soirées Situé dans le quartier bourgeois du 17ème arrondissement, notre appartement est à 5 minutes a pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des fameux Champs Elysées. Proche de la station de métro Argentine sur la ligne 1, notre appartement est aussi accessible en RER A et C par la station Porte Maillot
1598	L'appartement est situé au 4e et dernier étage d'un immeuble sur cour et au calme. Lumineux, il est composé de 2 pièces, avec un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain avec cabine de douche, des toilettes séparés ainsi qu'une cuisine équipée (Réfrigérateur,Plaques de cuisson, Four, Cafetière Nespresso et Lave-linge) Vous disposerez d'un accès Wifi, d'une TV et d'un lecteur Blu-Ray. Les draps et les serviettes vous sont fournis. 	Typiquement parisien avec parquet et moulures, l'appartement est très fonctionnel. Situé entre Montmartre et les Batignolles, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes: 1 lit double dans la chambre et 1 canapé convertible et confortable dans le salon. L'appartement est situé au 4e et dernier étage d'un immeuble sur cour et au calme. Lumineux, il est composé de 2 pièces, avec un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain avec cabine de douche, des toilettes séparés ainsi qu'une cuisine équipée (Réfrigérateur,Plaques de cuisson, Four, Cafetière Nespresso et Lave-linge) Vous disposerez d'un accès Wifi, d'une TV et d'un lecteur Blu-Ray. Les draps et les serviettes vous sont fournis. A proximité de la station de métro Guy Moquet et de l'avenue de Saint-Ouen: Boulangerie, Presse, Tabac, Supermarché, Pharmacie, Restaurants.   Vous serez à seulement 15min à pieds de Montmartre et 10 minutes à pieds de l'agréable quartier des Batignolles. Le lieu idéal pour les brunchs, les bars, les restaurants et les
1599		Situé rue Berzélius, à deux pas du Parc Martin Luther King et du quartier vivant des Batignolles, ce studio chaleureux de 21 m2 refait à neuf en août 2015 est à 4 minutes à pied du métro Brochant (ligne 13). Appartement refait à neuf, photos à venir !
1600		The apartment is 50m², 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, very functional, an open kitchen on the living room with all u need. The apartment is 15 min walk from the Champs  Elysées, and you have ligne 3 and Rer C very close. (very easy to move in Paris)
1601		Situé dans le beau 17ème Arrdt, les chambres de ce grand appartement typiquement Parisien donnent sur un jardin privatif. Décoration soignée, très bien équipé et clair Proche de l'étoile RER, Métro et Bus à proximité
1602		Bel appartement proche Montmartre spacieux et lumineux avec grande cuisine toute équipée (four plaques et machine à laver) ouverte sur séjour avec canapé convertible si besoin. L'appartement dispose d'une grande chambre avec lit d'une salle de bain et internet. Internet . Cuisine équipée . Machine à laver Seulement s'ils le souhaitent Proximité métro l13 bus 81 et 31 PC3. Commerces et grandes surfaces ouverts tard le soir Metro l13 bus 31 et 81 PC3
1603	One bedroom for 2 adults + tv flat screen Spacious saloon (with flat screen) and dining room Open, fully equipped (dishing and washing machines, Nespresso coffee machine etc...) and spacious kitchen Bathroom with bath and shower Independent toilet Amazing furniture and atmosphere Wifi 	"The flat is very bright (4thfloor) cosy and in the heart of Paris. It is a typical Parisian appartement with a fire place. You'll enjoy the modern design and fully equiped apartment.  Big open kitchen.  Flat tv in the bedroom and in the salon. One bedroom for 2 adults + tv flat screen Spacious saloon (with flat screen) and dining room Open, fully equipped (dishing and washing machines, Nespresso coffee machine etc...) and spacious kitchen Bathroom with bath and shower Independent toilet Amazing furniture and atmosphere Wifi Full access granted I will be present at the listing during your stay Available if any questions before and during your stay-Feel free to ask! Typical and very parisian neighborhood Located in the heart of les Batignolles and 3 minutes walking distance from le Parc Monceau ( one of the most famous and beautiful garden of Paris) and 15 minutes from Champs Elysees. Many shops for food and shopping.  3 tubes stations away from ''les galeries lafayettes"" ands""le Printem"
1604		Beau studio situé dans le cœur du 17ème arrondissement de Paris. Proche de l'Arc de Triomphe, du Parc Monceau. L'appartement est lumineux et calme (au 7ème, avec ascenseur, sur cour). Il dispose d'un vrai lit deux places et d'un bon canapé lit.
1605		At the border between Batignolles and Montmartre, a one bedroom + living room lovely appartement. For 2 up 4 people.
1606		Next time in Paris, choose our cosy one bedroom apartment of 26m2, on the last floor with lift.  Here you will find a fully equipped kitchen, a living room to relax and taste your favorite flavors and a bedroom to gain energy and dream; and of course we also have a nice bathroom :) Levallois-Perret is the perfect place to live, even if it’s for a short time! You have everything there, at a walking distance - pharmacy, grocery stores, local market, laundries, restaurants, banks, fashions stores and beautiful parks. You can also choose to spend some time in the new So Ouest mall, with Pathé Cinema. You will find the metro station, Louise Michel (line 3) at only 2 minutes away or you can choose a 20 min lovely walk to “ Arc de Triomphe”. We hope to helcome you soon!
1607		It's a very charming flat situated near Arc de Triomphe on a pedestrian and typically parisian street, full of traditional shops and good restaurants. A lovely single bedroom is waiting for you!
1608	Appartement de 35m2, situé dans les beaux quartiers du 17 eme, à deux pas du marché Levis, et du metro Villier.  Appartement tout équipé, donnant sur cours très calme et reposant. Parfait pour découvrir Paris et ses environs. Idéalement situé, proche metro, trés calme, et petit prix  Un accés au wifi, machine a laver, cafetière expresso. Un quartier vivant par son marché et ses nombreux commerces.  Mais également de nombreux restaurants et brasseries parisiennes sont au rendez vous! Prendre le metro villier ligne 2 ou 3. Puis marcher 5 min à pied. Vous trouverez des stations d autolib et de velib tout proche de la maison. Un accés au wifi, machine a laver, cafetière expresso. Un quartier vivant par son marché et ses nombreux commerces.  Mais également de nombreux restaurants et brasseries parisiennes sont au rendez vous! Prendre le metro villier ligne 2 ou 3. Puis marcher 5 min à pied. Vous trouverez des stations d autolib et de velib tout proche de la maison.	Appartement 2 pieces de 35 m2, entièrement refait en juin. situé dans les beaux quartiers du 17 eme, à deux pas du marché Levis, et du metro Villier.  Appartement tout équipé, donnant sur cours très calme et reposant. Parfait pour découvrir Paris et ses environs. Trés belle literie king size!! Appartement de 35m2, situé dans les beaux quartiers du 17 eme, à deux pas du marché Levis, et du metro Villier.  Appartement tout équipé, donnant sur cours très calme et reposant. Parfait pour découvrir Paris et ses environs. Idéalement situé, proche metro, trés calme, et petit prix  Un accés au wifi, machine a laver, cafetière expresso. Un quartier vivant par son marché et ses nombreux commerces.  Mais également de nombreux restaurants et brasseries parisiennes sont au rendez vous! Prendre le metro villier ligne 2 ou 3. Puis marcher 5 min à pied. Vous trouverez des stations d autolib et de velib tout proche de la maison. Un accés au wifi, machine a laver, cafetière expresso. Un quartier vivant p
1609	Appartement de 85m2.  Idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis. Appartement récent, décoré à neuf et avec goût Équipé confort : four à micro-ondes, lave-linge, seche linge, télévision, Internet, linge de lit, serviettes de bain, ainsi que des plats, des casseroles, des tasses et des verres. Possibilité d'accueillir 6 personnes. Mais 2 autres personnes en plus peuvent trouver leur confort dans les deux grands sofas du salon/chambre du sous sol. Il y a deux salons (sous sol et rez de chaussée), une cuisine entièrement équipée, 3 chambres à coucher et deux salles de bains. 1 grande chambre avec lit 140cm. 1 chambre ss/sol avec lit 140cm + espace deux couchages + salon. 1 chambre ss/sol avec deux lits de 90 cm. Donc deux chambres offrent un lit double confortable et une chambre offre deux lits simples (idéal pour deux enfants par exemple) Idéal pour tous ceux qui souhaitent visiter Paris en se logeant à moindre frais. Le quartier COURCELLES-MONCEAU est très agréable et reposant. Dans 	Appartement de 85m2  Idéal pour un séjour en famille/entre amis :  1 grande chambre avec lit 140cm. 1 chambre ss/sol avec lit 140cm + espace deux couchages 1 chambre ss/sol avec deux lits simples. Appartement de 85m2.  Idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis. Appartement récent, décoré à neuf et avec goût Équipé confort : four à micro-ondes, lave-linge, seche linge, télévision, Internet, linge de lit, serviettes de bain, ainsi que des plats, des casseroles, des tasses et des verres. Possibilité d'accueillir 6 personnes. Mais 2 autres personnes en plus peuvent trouver leur confort dans les deux grands sofas du salon/chambre du sous sol. Il y a deux salons (sous sol et rez de chaussée), une cuisine entièrement équipée, 3 chambres à coucher et deux salles de bains. 1 grande chambre avec lit 140cm. 1 chambre ss/sol avec lit 140cm + espace deux couchages + salon. 1 chambre ss/sol avec deux lits de 90 cm. Donc deux chambres offrent un lit double confortable et une chambre offre deux li
1610	Private room in a lot of light appartment nearby Champs-Elysées (10mn walk). This is the ideal and unique apartment to leave the perfect parisian life. Welcome to Paris! Chambre privatisée dans un appartement cosy,situé a 10mn des Champs-Elysées. 	Private room in a lot of light appartment nearby Champs-Elysées (10mn walk). This is the ideal and unique apartment to leave the perfect parisian life. Welcome to Paris! Chambre privatisée dans un appartement cosy,situé a 10mn des Champs-Elysées.  internet I'm please to share a moment with my guest. They are very nice people. Métro Ternes or Métro Pereire
1611	Petit 2 pièces au coeur du Centre de PARIS, avec vue sur l'Arc de Triomphe. Chambre au calme donnant sur cour.  Séjour avec un canapé-lit, et chambre avec lit double. 	Dans un immeuble Haussmannien, au 1er étage, Vue sur l'arc de triomphe, Séjour avec canapé-lit,  et 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 salle de douche avec toilettes, Cuisine ouverte sur le séjour A 2 pas des Champs-Élysées. Métro au pied de l'immeuble Petit 2 pièces au coeur du Centre de PARIS, avec vue sur l'Arc de Triomphe. Chambre au calme donnant sur cour.  Séjour avec un canapé-lit, et chambre avec lit double. Dès votre arrivée, je vous donnerais les informations utiles et pratiques pour votre séjour. Je reste bien sûr à votre disposition pendant votre séjour, pour répondre à toutes vos questions liées aux transports, aux musées, aux endroits à visiter, aux conseils divers ... ARC DE TRIOMPHE face à l'appartement - Champs Élysées à 2 pas -  Vous pourrez visiter le coeur de PARIS à pied, en marchant, sans avoir besoin d'utiliser les transports. Tous métros à proximité. Appartement situé dans les beaux quartiers Parisiens 16ème, 17ème, et 8ème arrondissement. CONCORDE, MUSEE DU LOUVRE
1612	It's situated on the ground floor, tucked away from the road, so hardly any noise. Overall size 63m2 (680 square feet). There's a lovely terrace (overlooked by offices) where you can eat outside or lie in the sun. There's also a space the kids can play in. There are 2 bedrooms - one large bedroom (kingsize bed) with direct access to the terrace, one kids bedroom with a single bed and a baby cot. The living room has a working fireplace and a space to sit and watch the TV. The fully-equipped kitchen has a bar and a table that sits four (maybe more). The bathroom has a bath and shower, a washing machine and a heated towel rack.	Hi! We'd love you to come and stay in our 2-bedroom apartment, situated in the heart of Batignolles. It's great for couples and families.  There's a large parents room, a kids room, and best of all, a superb terrace. Oh, did we mention the fireplace? It's situated on the ground floor, tucked away from the road, so hardly any noise. Overall size 63m2 (680 square feet). There's a lovely terrace (overlooked by offices) where you can eat outside or lie in the sun. There's also a space the kids can play in. There are 2 bedrooms - one large bedroom (kingsize bed) with direct access to the terrace, one kids bedroom with a single bed and a baby cot. The living room has a working fireplace and a space to sit and watch the TV. The fully-equipped kitchen has a bar and a table that sits four (maybe more). The bathroom has a bath and shower, a washing machine and a heated towel rack. Batignolles is a very cool neighbourhood situated near Montmartre. There are 3 lovely parks within 10 minutes walk. 
1613	Its cozy 20m2 studio, at 6 floor with nice view over parc Monceau and Effel Tower sparkling every hour There is kitchen, wash machine, table with chairs, shower cabine, WC, big sofa for 2 people, wifi and wardrobe for cloth - all you can feel comfortable in the center of Paris If you need to go to any sightseens - its easy by metro and by walk I may meet you and give you keys and explanations of access to your main sightseens any time Welcome to Paris:)	Furnished studio, 15min to Champs Elysees, Arche de triomphe, metro Monceau in front of entrance to building, close to park Monceau. View on Effel  Its cozy 20m2 studio, at 6 floor with nice view over parc Monceau and Effel Tower sparkling every hour There is kitchen, wash machine, table with chairs, shower cabine, WC, big sofa for 2 people, wifi and wardrobe for cloth - all you can feel comfortable in the center of Paris If you need to go to any sightseens - its easy by metro and by walk I may meet you and give you keys and explanations of access to your main sightseens any time Welcome to Paris:)
1614	Entièrement refait, calme et lumineux (5 et dernier étage) ce confortable appartement est habité en semaine, donc tout est disponible (TV avec box 25 chaînes, wi-fi haut débit, cafetière nespresso, grille-pain, four, micro-onde, plaques électriques, machine à laver, fer à repasser..	Entièrement refait, calme et lumineux (5 et dernier étage) ce confortable appartement est habité en semaine, donc tout est disponible (TV avec box 25 chaînes, wi-fi haut débit, cafetière nespresso, grille-pain, four, micro-onde, plaques électriques, machine à laver, fer à repasser.. Tout proche des Champs Elysées, vous avez accès à tout Paris en quelques minutes par le métro à 20 m. Rues piétonnes commercantes à 2 mn, parc Monceau à 5 mn... J'accueille et j'échange avec les voyageurs avec plaisir, et je reste à disposition pour tout conseil ou suggestion selon leurs demandes. Je parle anglais. Quartier calme mais tout est disponible à pied : commerces de bouche, restaurants, cinéma, bars... grandes avenues avec des arbres, parc pour se promener à 2 pas, métro à quelques mètres. metro Ternes (ligne 2) et 20 m à pied, ou Etoile (RER A, lignes 1, 2, 6) et 200 m à pied
1615		Très joli appartement typiquement parisien dans un immeuble de standing, au 6eme avec ascenseur. Possédant une chambre et salon séparés avec deux petits balcons. Idéal pour un couple celui-ci est très agréable et lumineux. Super Quartier.
1616	Comfy little studio of 13m². Well equipped and new bz bed yeah! Ver clean and quiet.	Comfy studio of 13m², 5min away from Jardin des Batignolles.
1617		Magnifique appartement Haussmanien quartier Niel proche Champs Elysée et Etoile 170m2 double séjour, 3 chambres une Salle de bain, une salle de douche. Parquet moulure cheminée Femme de ménage inclue 5 h par jour.  Commerce en bas bus et métro
1618	Love Nest	For a couple. Romantic Sunny Duplex/Loft in Paris close Champs Elysees with view on gardens and Paris roofs. All furnitures. Love Nest All furnitures in the Loft Very calm place. Close from Champs ELysees and Bois de Boulogne Park. RER A / METRO The Loft is on the 5 th Floor.  No elevator.
1619	Single room of 10m², in an appartment located in the Avenue de Clichy, Paris 17ème. Easy access, in fact there are several transport available, Bus: (phone number hidden). Metro line 13. RER C. Just 10 minutes from Place de Clichy. 25 min from Montmartre. 25 min from the Champs Elysées. 35 min from the Eiffel Tower 20 min From Department Stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Haussmann, Gap, United Colors Of Benetton. Lots of good restaurants nearby, and small shops all along the avenue. Ideal for tourist or student. Internet, TV, bed (single bed) + (sofa bed), electricity and heating included in the price. Large kitchen, bathroom. Near the new Park Martin Luther King. Rental / night / week/ I live with my mother and my brother.. So there are 4 rooms. You will have your own private room. We share the kitchen, bathroom an toilet. No smoking,  We want somebody respectful, that we can trust. Somebody who is easy to live with. Just Watch out not to waste the water, it is no free in France li	Very nice room, in a beautifull appartment. it is situated near the transportation. But since we are not to far from everything in Paris you can take a walk. there are a lot of good restaurant near by. the choice is yours. NO SMOKING!! Single room of 10m², in an appartment located in the Avenue de Clichy, Paris 17ème. Easy access, in fact there are several transport available, Bus: (phone number hidden). Metro line 13. RER C. Just 10 minutes from Place de Clichy. 25 min from Montmartre. 25 min from the Champs Elysées. 35 min from the Eiffel Tower 20 min From Department Stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Haussmann, Gap, United Colors Of Benetton. Lots of good restaurants nearby, and small shops all along the avenue. Ideal for tourist or student. Internet, TV, bed (single bed) + (sofa bed), electricity and heating included in the price. Large kitchen, bathroom. Near the new Park Martin Luther King. Rental / night / week/ I live with my mother and my brother.. So there are 4 rooms. You 
1620		Renovated, comfortable and bright studio. Very-well located, the studio is a 5-minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. 
1621	Newly renovated and furnished one bedroom apartment with all conveniences (wifi internet, washer/dryer, dishwasher, fully furnished kitchen, cable TV, free phone calls to US).  Perfect location near Montmartre Cemetery and Sacre Coeur with great access to public transportation (Metro line 13 and Bus 81 stops in front of building) makes it easy to explore the Montmartre area and the rest of Paris.  Direct access to the shops, restaurants, and cafes of Avenue de Saint Ouen with a quiet, sunny fifth floor courtyard location.  Truly convenient yet quiet.	Newly renovated and furnished one bedroom apartment with all conveniences (wifi internet, washer/dryer, dishwasher, fully furnished kitchen, cable TV, free phone calls to US).  Perfect location near Montmartre Cemetery and Sacre Coeur with great access to public transportation (Metro line 13 and Bus 81 stops in front of building) makes it easy to explore the Montmartre area and the rest of Paris.  Direct access to the shops, restaurants, and cafes of Avenue de Saint Ouen with a quiet, sunny fifth floor courtyard location.  Truly convenient yet quiet.
1622	Appartement agréable avec parquet années 1960. Il est situé dans le quartier des Batignolles.  La chambre accueille une à deux personnes.  Cuisine avec plaque vitro-céramique, four, grand frigo, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes.  Le mobilier est très confortable.  Au premier étage, avec ascenseur. 	Appartement avec balcon, moderne et fonctionnel, dispose d'une cuisine très bien équipée, dressing et baignoire et salle de bain. Mobilier très confortable. Tout à 200m : transports (métro, bus, RER ), commerces, supermarchés et restaurants. Appartement agréable avec parquet années 1960. Il est situé dans le quartier des Batignolles.  La chambre accueille une à deux personnes.  Cuisine avec plaque vitro-céramique, four, grand frigo, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes.  Le mobilier est très confortable.  Au premier étage, avec ascenseur. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de mon appartement : salon, chambre, salle de bain, toilettes, balcon, cuisine, dressing, internet, television..... Je ferai mon possible pour me rendre le plus disponible si vous le souhaitez, pour partager un repas, un verre, une soirée. Je serez présent dans le logement pendant votre séjour.  Quartier vivant.  J'aime les différentes cultures qui se côtoient dans ce quartier, on dispose de tout à proximité.  Les mag
1623	Appartement de 50m2 calme et lumineux ! - Salon : un LED+home cinéma, accès internet illimité, un canapé 3m de long (convertible 2 places, tête-bêche) - Cuisine : totalement équipée (frigo, four, plaques induction, hôte, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselles, machine à boissons chaudes Dolce Gusto, grille pain et vaisselles à disposition) - Salle de bain : baignoire + évier + machine à laver  Toilettes séparées. Situation : Métro ligne 3 PEREIRE  RER C station PEREIRE-LEVALLOIS  (5min à pied) Station Vélib (location automatique de vélo) à 300m.  Station Autolib (location automatique de voiture) à 800m. Je reste à votre disposition pour plus d'informations !	Appartement de 50m2 calme et lumineux ! - Salon : un LED+home cinéma, accès internet illimité, un canapé 3m de long (convertible 2 places, tête-bêche) - Cuisine : totalement équipée (frigo, four, plaques induction, hôte, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle Appartement de 50m2 calme et lumineux ! - Salon : un LED+home cinéma, accès internet illimité, un canapé 3m de long (convertible 2 places, tête-bêche) - Cuisine : totalement équipée (frigo, four, plaques induction, hôte, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselles, machine à boissons chaudes Dolce Gusto, grille pain et vaisselles à disposition) - Salle de bain : baignoire + évier + machine à laver  Toilettes séparées. Situation : Métro ligne 3 PEREIRE  RER C station PEREIRE-LEVALLOIS  (5min à pied) Station Vélib (location automatique de vélo) à 300m.  Station Autolib (location automatique de voiture) à 800m. Je reste à votre disposition pour plus d'informations !
1624	A single space of 33 m2 divided on 2 parts : - A kitchen, totally equiped with oven, microwave, Nespresso machine - A living room with a sofa-bed (140x190) and an extension dining table for up to 8 people.  A mezzanine (email hidden) wide double bed.  The bathroom has a large shower, a sink and toilets. A washing machine is at you disposal, as an hairdryer. Sheets and towels are provided during your stay.	I propose a warm parisien loft for 2 or 4 people, close to Montmartre and to the area Les Batignolles, well known for his village spirit. At the foot of RER C and metro. It is on the 2nd floor and overlooks on a quiet courtyard.  A single space of 33 m2 divided on 2 parts : - A kitchen, totally equiped with oven, microwave, Nespresso machine - A living room with a sofa-bed (140x190) and an extension dining table for up to 8 people.  A mezzanine (email hidden) wide double bed.  The bathroom has a large shower, a sink and toilets. A washing machine is at you disposal, as an hairdryer. Sheets and towels are provided during your stay. In the Batignolles area, you will find a lot of brasseries, cafés and restaurants.  Nearby my loft (2 mins by foot) : supermarkets, pharmacy, bakery Transportation : Metro Porte de Clichy (5 min) RER C Porte de Clichy (2 min) Bus PC3 - Honoré de Balzac (1 min) Velib' station at the foot of my home, if you like biking ! Major tourists attractions (duration ind
1625	Living room with table, chairs, sofa, armchair, WIFI (quiet street) 2 independent bedrooms with full size bed, desk, storage or dressing, one on quiet street and the other on court. Kitchen with amenities: refrigerator, gas burners, small oven and micro-wave, washing machine, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all dishes and ustensiles Bedroom with sink and bathtub, storage, hairdryer Separated toilet	47sqm flat with wooden floor and moldings at the 2nd floor of a small Parisian building situated Bd Pereire. 2 bedrooms, living room, kichen, bathroom and toilets.  Family neighborhood, close to Porte Maillot, metro and easy access to Paris center Living room with table, chairs, sofa, armchair, WIFI (quiet street) 2 independent bedrooms with full size bed, desk, storage or dressing, one on quiet street and the other on court. Kitchen with amenities: refrigerator, gas burners, small oven and micro-wave, washing machine, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all dishes and ustensiles Bedroom with sink and bathtub, storage, hairdryer Separated toilet Family neighborhood with all shops within walking distance ; close to Porte Maillot Metro station Pereire (line 3) direct to gare Saint Lazare and Austerlitz, porte Maillot, avenue Foch, Tour Eiffel, musée d’Orsay, Notre Dame de Paris, Opéra and shops, République, Père Lachaise cemetery… Many buses : (phone number hidden) direct to musée d’Orsay, 
1626	Very comfortable sofabed, easy to open (queen mattress.) Open kitchen fully furnished; electric stove, microwave, oven, fridge/deep-freezer, washing machine, dryer/cleaner. Bed sheets and towels will be ready to be used upon arrival.	Fully renovated 240 sq ft studio located on the 1st floor with access to an private interior courtyard; in a great location on a quiet street; close to Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Paris Saint-Lazare. Very comfortable sofabed, easy to open (queen mattress.) Open kitchen fully furnished; electric stove, microwave, oven, fridge/deep-freezer, washing machine, dryer/cleaner. Bed sheets and towels will be ready to be used upon arrival. The code to enter the building is 79A62 The apartment is located down the hall way, the very last door on the left, in front of the stairs. To exist the building, open the main door by pressing the switch located on the right side of the door. Private interior courtyard that we share with one neighbor, renovated in summer 2012. Communicate me your hours of arrival/departure and we will determine the best time for both of us to meet. I am quite flexible so it won't be a problem. Nearby: Fantastic daily market at rue de Lévis with various food stores, res
1627	Joli 2 pièces dans une residence privé  avec une chambre à coucher et un salon. Les fenêtres du salon et de la chambre donnent directement sur cour, calme et plein de lumière. Salon avec canapé lit double, TV , INTERNET, WI FI . Couchages : jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon). DRAPS INCLUS  Salle de bain avec baignoire , SERVIETTES INCLUS  WC : separé  Étage : 2ème  sans ascenseur. Jardin dans la residence.  Restaurant a proximité ; Japonais, Français,  Chinois, African, Italien.  Cinema Pathé a 10min à pied. Métro : Porte de clichy 13 Surface : 60 m2 Entrée avec digicode. Couchage : - Lit double dans la chambre : 120cm x 200cm , draps fourni - Convertible dans le salon : 140cm x 200cm. A deux pas du metro , RER , bus 54, 74 , PC3.  Restaurants a proximeté , supermaché. Square des Batignolles à 5 min .  Marché couvert  	Joli 2 pièces dans une residence privé  avec une chambre à coucher et un salon. Les fenêtres du salon et de la chambre donnent directement sur cour, calme et plein de lumière. Salon avec canapé lit double, TV , INTERNET, WI FI . Couchages : jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon). DRAPS INCLUS  Salle de bain avec baignoire , SERVIETTES INCLUS  WC : separé  Étage : 2ème  sans ascenseur. Jardin dans la residence.  Restaurant a proximité ; Japonais, Français,  Chinois, African, Italien.  Cinema Pathé a 10min à pied. Métro : Porte de clichy 13 Surface : 60 m2 Entrée avec digicode. Couchage : - Lit double dans la chambre : 120cm x 200cm , draps fourni - Convertible dans le salon : 140cm x 200cm. A deux pas du metro , RER , bus 54, 74 , PC3.  Restaurants a proximeté , supermaché. Square des Batignolles à 5 min .  Marché couvert  Metro, RER C, Bus 
1628	Nice apartment located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walking from : - Montmartre, Pigalle and le Moulin Rouge - The typically french way of living quarter Les Batignolles,  - Les Abbesses, with its nice restaurants, terrasses and trendy boutiques. Metro station is just by the apartment : You'll travel in less than 15 mn by subway to 'les champs elysées/invalides/opéra/châtelet - if you prefer you'll also find very convenient buses and a 'velib' (bicycle rental station). THE NEIGHBORHOOD:  Guy Moquet is a very parisian style neighborhood, full of shops, bakeries, restaurants, bars, cafés, walcking distance as it is just by the appartment. (a very nice bakery and cheese store if you like it are just waiting for you ;)) THE APPARTMENT :  We offer a charming 2 rooms flat, 592 sq ft, with: - 2 large bedrooms (11m² each/118 sq ft each) each one with double bed,  - a (25m²/269 sq ft) full of naturally enlighted living room with sofa and a fully equiped kitchen - so if you like cooking, he	Nice apartment located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walking from : - Montmartre, Pigalle and le Moulin Rouge - The typically french way of living quarter Les Batignolles,  - Les Abbesses, with its nice restaurants, terrasses and trendy boutiques Nice apartment located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walking from : - Montmartre, Pigalle and le Moulin Rouge - The typically french way of living quarter Les Batignolles,  - Les Abbesses, with its nice restaurants, terrasses and trendy boutiques. Metro station is just by the apartment : You'll travel in less than 15 mn by subway to 'les champs elysées/invalides/opéra/châtelet - if you prefer you'll also find very convenient buses and a 'velib' (bicycle rental station). THE NEIGHBORHOOD:  Guy Moquet is a very parisian style neighborhood, full of shops, bakeries, restaurants, bars, cafés, walcking distance as it is just by the appartment. (a very nice bakery and cheese store if you like it are just waiting for you ;)) THE APPARTMENT :  
1629	Charming Flat, Haussmanien style, in the center of Paris, closed to Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. Very good place. On 4th floor (with lift), the flat (85m2) is make up of 2 bedrooms (of whom is reserved by a flatshare), a living room, a kitchen (all equipped) and a bath room. The flat is equipped of TV, Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer... It is really wellbeing. It is located in the heart of Paris, from 10 minutes by walk from the famous avenue of the Champs Elysées. You can easyly take the metro (lines 1, 2, 3, 6 RER C and RER A). It is a very nice place, friendly and family environment with a lot of shops and restaurants. We will be very happy to host you in our flat and share with you our best parisian adresses. 	Typical Parisian flat, near the Champs-Elysées, in the Paris centre.  15min Opéra  15min de Montmartre Charming Flat, Haussmanien style, in the center of Paris, closed to Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. Very good place. On 4th floor (with lift), the flat (85m2) is make up of 2 bedrooms (of whom is reserved by a flatshare), a living room, a kitchen (all equipped) and a bath room. The flat is equipped of TV, Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer... It is really wellbeing. It is located in the heart of Paris, from 10 minutes by walk from the famous avenue of the Champs Elysées. You can easyly take the metro (lines 1, 2, 3, 6 RER C and RER A). It is a very nice place, friendly and family environment with a lot of shops and restaurants. We will be very happy to host you in our flat and share with you our best parisian adresses. It will be a pleasure to share you our advice and best places to discover Paris and the French gastronomy. Charming district just closed to the Champs-Ely
1630	We have a cosy private room for up to two people, with full access to the bright kitchen, bathroom and living room.  We're mainly looking to let the room for a short period when one of the (website hidden) goes away on holiday... :-) We have maps and speak English, French and Polish, so we'll be happy to help if you have any questions.	A cosy private room for up to two people, with full access to bright kitchen, bathroom and living room.  Great neighbourhood with easy acces to the city centre, monuments and train stations. You'll be sharing the flat with one other person. We have a cosy private room for up to two people, with full access to the bright kitchen, bathroom and living room.  We're mainly looking to let the room for a short period when one of the (website hidden) goes away on holiday... :-) We have maps and speak English, French and Polish, so we'll be happy to help if you have any questions. Bright kitchen, bathroom, great neighbourhood... You'll be part of the household and treated as full-fledged member of the family.  We're pretty busy with our lives, both have hectic schedules, but if we're around, we'll be happy to answer all your questions and recommend any points of interest or good restaurants for you to try. Karolina might even take you out swing dancing if you feel adventurous! The neighborhood 
1631	Fonctionnel, tout équipé	2 rooms, first-floor overlooking interior private courtyard. 5min walk Triumph Arc. Cute,clean with confort bed, italian-shower, washing-machine. Ideally located  2 piéces,Rdc, très calme, 5min Arc de Triomphe. Confort tout équipé, lit douillet    Fonctionnel, tout équipé Internet, TV E-mail  Whatsapp Viber Facebook Téléphone  Sur place  Calme, séduisant RER A : Charles de Gaulle Etoile  Métro 2 : Ternes  Métro 1 : Porte Maillot
1632	logement rénové et très propre, mais surtout très  silencieux, très chaleureux et très lumineux.  Tous les commerces sont à moins de 2 min à pied. Se situant idéalement dans une rue très calme à sens unique, notre appartement permet de profiter soit du joli quartier des Batignolles et du nouveau parc Martin Luther King à proximité pour flâner au calme, soit d'apprécier l'ambiance de la vrai vie parisienne autour de l'avenue de Clichy.  Les transports à proximité emmène vers différents lieux touristiques 	"    45 m2, Lumineux,Rénové dans rue calme, 5ème,  spacieux, et très Silencieux. Grand séjour, Salle de bain avec baignoire. Proche tout commerce (et super U), 15 min de montmartre et Stade de France Métro ""La Fourche"" et ""Brochant"", ligne 13-2, RER C.     logement rénové et très propre, mais surtout très  silencieux, très chaleureux et très lumineux.  Tous les commerces sont à moins de 2 min à pied. Se situant idéalement dans une rue très calme à sens unique, notre appartement permet de profiter soit du joli quartier des Batignolles et du nouveau parc Martin Luther King à proximité pour flâner au calme, soit d'apprécier l'ambiance de la vrai vie parisienne autour de l'avenue de Clichy.  Les transports à proximité emmène vers différents lieux touristiques les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement étant donné que nous ne sommes pas là au moment où ils viennent. Nous parlons, FRANCAIS, ANGLAIS, ESPAGNOL, Par téléphone ou par mail, Et nous serons présent à l'arrivée et ou au départ. "
1633	Beautiful one bedroom flat, with a baby room. 65 sqm	"Elevator, balcony, bathtub, ... TV, DVD player, Wifi, ... Washing machine, Dryer, Dishwasher, ... Toaster, Nespresso machine, ... Very nice district to discover Paris ! You'll find all you need in the neighborhood (supermarkets, cafés, restaurants, ...).  The appartment has easy and direct access to: Champs Elysées, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre. Very well served by public transport, giving you access to every beautiful places in Paris! The nearest métro stations are ""Villiers"" (Line 2 & 3) or ""Malesherbes"" (lines 3)."
1634		Nice studio for two people located in center Paris right next to the Etoile Square - 5 minutes away from Champs Elysées Wifi, washing machine!
1635	In a 50m2 flat (2 bedrooms + living room) at the 2nd floor without lift, we offer the possibility for people visiting Paris for business or leisure, to stay in one of the available room (12m2) of our cosy appartment for one or several nights. Also ideal for couples who wants to visit Paris The Room: White walls, parquet, 140cm large bed with a good bedding, a desk, dressing, electric guitare (yeah! :-)) This room is unoccupied by me so you will feel at home in it, between the books laying on the shelves, the old sewing machine and the desk where you will have space to put your own stuff.   There is a possibility to serve you an organic food breakfast in the morning, at the time you desire (from 8.15 am).	In a 50m2 flat (2 bedrooms + living room) at the 2nd floor without lift, we offer the possibility for people visiting Paris for business or leisure, to stay in one of the available room (12m2) of our cosy appartment for one or several nights. Also ideal for couples who wants to visit Paris The Room: White walls, parquet, 140cm large bed with a good bedding, a desk, dressing, electric guitare (yeah! :-)) This room is unoccupied by me so you will feel at home in it, between the books laying on the shelves, the old sewing machine and the desk where you will have space to put your own stuff.   There is a possibility to serve you an organic food breakfast in the morning, at the time you desire (from 8.15 am). You'll have access to the kitchen (small but nice and practical!) and you can use the fridge, oven, microwave oven, washing machine.  You'll also have access to the bathroom with a bath tube and a hair drier. The sheets and towels are included. Also included : WIFI access, and free pho
1636	A classic yet modern apartment with all the colonial charms of old Paris! Located in the 17th arrondissement, which is known as a quiet upscale residential neighborhood, it is extremely central to everywhere you want to go in Paris! Within a 5 minute walk, you will the so choc quartier des batignolles after 5 mn walking, Montmarte is also 10 mn walking, few general supermarket, Parisian chic boutiques for your shopping delight, as well as many classic bistros, restaurants, cafes, and wine bars. We have 2 major metro lines within 2-5 minutes walk and several Velib bike (Paris' free bikes) stations surrounding the apartment and Autolib too. And it is direct with metro a to the famous Arc de Triomphe and Avenue Champs Elysees! The apartment has 2 bedrooms with 1 king size bed and 2 beds in a bedroom for kids, 1 full bathroom with bath/shower, living room/dining room with a pull-out couch and a fully equipped kitchen. The wooden floor and the ceiling decorate with moulding is perfect in th	3 Rooms with a large double living room and 2 bedroom 1 with king size bed, and 1 bunk bed for the kids, internet, large TV... Kitchen full equiped, washing machine, dish washer, coffee machine, freezer, rice cooker, microwave, deep fat fryer ... A classic yet modern apartment with all the colonial charms of old Paris! Located in the 17th arrondissement, which is known as a quiet upscale residential neighborhood, it is extremely central to everywhere you want to go in Paris! Within a 5 minute walk, you will the so choc quartier des batignolles after 5 mn walking, Montmarte is also 10 mn walking, few general supermarket, Parisian chic boutiques for your shopping delight, as well as many classic bistros, restaurants, cafes, and wine bars. We have 2 major metro lines within 2-5 minutes walk and several Velib bike (Paris' free bikes) stations surrounding the apartment and Autolib too. And it is direct with metro a to the famous Arc de Triomphe and Avenue Champs Elysees! The apartment has 2
1637	The appartment is at the 7th floor with a lift and has 2 rooms : one big living-room wiht fully equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher,...) and a bedroom with a kingsize bed. The bathroom has an italian style shower and washing machine. The principal qualities of this appartment are space and (website hidden) and internet access are provided. Parking lot is available. Exercise bike The appartment is located in one of the most famous area of Paris : Parc Monceau, Place de l'étoile, Quartier des Batignolles  and the famous market of les ternes are just 10min walking. Center of Paris is just at 15min by tube (line 3). The appartement is perfect for a romantic stay or for 2 friends visiting Paris.	The appartment is at the 7th floor with a lift and has 2 rooms : one big living-room wiht fully equiped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher,...) and a bedroom with a kingsize bed. The bathroom has an italian style shower and washing machine. The principal qualities of this appartment are space and (website hidden) and internet access are provided. Parking lot is available. Exercise bike The appartment is located in one of the most famous area of Paris : Parc Monceau, Place de l'étoile, Quartier des Batignolles  and the famous market of les ternes are just 10min walking. Center of Paris is just at 15min by tube (line 3). The appartement is perfect for a romantic stay or for 2 friends visiting Paris.
1638	A very nice balconny to have breakfast in the sun and enjoy a nice view on trees.	My charming apartment is the ideal place to stay for a couple or two friends that want to discover the authentic parisian way of life.  Located in the Batignolles neighborhood, you can access very easily to all touristic places. 
1639	"This apartment is where I usually live when I am in Paris. Thus it is not an apartment only dedicated for renting. What makes it really special is the private garden being in the center of Paris. Two rooms are directly opening on the garden : the kitchen and the master bedroom. That creates a quite precious  atmosphere of peace and quietness. As for the sleeping facilities, the 5th person would sleep on a Japanese ""futon"" (tatami, mattress, duvet and pillow) "	"A peaceful spot in the center of Paris ! Few blocks from Montmartre, this charming 4 rooms apart. can receive up to 5 persons. Enjoy its comfort and access to a private garden, as well as its location very close to public transports ! This apartment is where I usually live when I am in Paris. Thus it is not an apartment only dedicated for renting. What makes it really special is the private garden being in the center of Paris. Two rooms are directly opening on the garden : the kitchen and the master bedroom. That creates a quite precious  atmosphere of peace and quietness. As for the sleeping facilities, the 5th person would sleep on a Japanese ""futon"" (tatami, mattress, duvet and pillow)  Guests can use all the apartment. It is not shared. I consider the persons who rent the apartment as my guests, and I am more than happy to help with any question they may have (touristic, practical …) The district is very nice and known as a ""village"" in itself. Lots of restaurants, supermarkets, sh"
1640		Idéalement situé à deux pas du Parc Monceau, à 10mn de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs-Elysées. A 5mn de la ligne 2 et 3 du métro Parisien. Appartement calme et lumineux, situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien. Peut loger jusqu'à 4 pers.
1641		Appartement parisien clair traversant avec beaucoup de charmes au cœur des Batignolles. Peut loger 3 a 4 personnes, très central dans une rue calme.  1 chambre (lit double 160) avec salon (canapé lit). Quartier vivant et agréable (à côté de la rue des Dames).Transports à proximité immédiate (bus, métro )
1642	This beautiful and well located 55 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Torricelli in the 17th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people + 1 or 2 for short term (in sofa bed). This apartment is equipped with : washer, cable, TV, unlimited wifi high speed internet access, DVD, stereo (ipod station).  The bedroom is on the interior of the building so it is very quiet. The flat is decorated with the highest standard: top quality bed and mattress, sofa and has been painted new recently. For art lovers, you may like the original paintings and prints. It's our flat in Paris, not one from an agency. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : brand new elevator, security code. The flat is 7' walk from Arc de Triomphe. Public transport include hence RER A, Metro lines 1, 2, 6, 10 and a number of bus lines (line 43 is 100m from the flat). If you come fro	A typical Haussman building in Paris with a quiet 4th floor flat, with new lift. Airy and bright. Very convenient for tourism and those who come to work in La Defense. This beautiful and well located 55 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Torricelli in the 17th arrondissement, on the 4 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people + 1 or 2 for short term (in sofa bed). This apartment is equipped with : washer, cable, TV, unlimited wifi high speed internet access, DVD, stereo (ipod station).  The bedroom is on the interior of the building so it is very quiet. The flat is decorated with the highest standard: top quality bed and mattress, sofa and has been painted new recently. For art lovers, you may like the original paintings and prints. It's our flat in Paris, not one from an agency. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : brand new elevator, security code. The flat i
1643	L'appartement est très confortable pour une famille, lumineux et fonctionnel. Le quartier est calme et ayant tous les commerces et service nécessaires autour. Il est tout proche des champs Elysées à pied 15 minutes et en bus 5. Un bus va direct à la villette, un autre à la gare St Lazare et Montparnasse.  	L'appartement, dans immeuble et rue calmes, fait 60 m2 et il est confortable et lumineux. Il se compose de 2 chambres (5 couchages). Son emplacement est idéal, accès rapide au périf, des Champs Elysées, de nombreux bus et métro 3, 13, RER C.  L'appartement est très confortable pour une famille, lumineux et fonctionnel. Le quartier est calme et ayant tous les commerces et service nécessaires autour. Il est tout proche des champs Elysées à pied 15 minutes et en bus 5. Un bus va direct à la villette, un autre à la gare St Lazare et Montparnasse.   Il y a de nombreuses lignes de bus (phone number hidden) PC3, de métro 3 et 13 ainsi que le RER C et une borne de taxi à 200 mètres. Il y a également un accès très facile sur le périphérique à la porte d'Asnières à 300 Mètres. Tos les voyageurs sont les bien venus, nous pouvons prendre contact par emails, sms ou appel téléphonique direct comme cela leur conviendra. Bus, métros, taxi... J'ai une place de parking surveillé.
1644	"To sleep:There is a very comfortable big double bed. To eat: The kitchen includes every equipment including cutlery, pots and pans, microwave, fridge and electric cooking plate. There are chairs and a table to eat as well. I also have two little balconies where you can have your morning coffee :) General: The apt is on 6th floor and there is an elevator. Clean linens and towels are provided. There is hot water 24h.  Access: The flat is very close to Arc de Triomphe, Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Champs Elysees. It's 2 min on foot from the Line 2 metro station ""Courcelles"" and 7 min on foot from the Line 3 metro station ""Wagram"". Easy access from Charles de Gaulle and Beauvais Airports."	"To sleep:There is a very comfortable big double bed. To eat: The kitchen includes every equipment including cutlery, pots and pans, microwave, fridge and electric cooking plate. There are chairs and a table to eat as well. I also have two little balconies where you can have your morning coffee :) General: The apt is on 6th floor and there is an elevator. Clean linens and towels are provided. There is hot water 24h.  Access: The flat is very close to Arc de Triomphe, Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Champs Elysees. It's 2 min on foot from the Line 2 metro station ""Courcelles"" and 7 min on foot from the Line 3 metro station ""Wagram"". Easy access from Charles de Gaulle and Beauvais Airports. I'll be happy to help you during your stay and give recommendations to you :) The flat is in 17th Arrondissement which is a very calm, luxurious and super safe neighborhood. There are both families and young people living around. It's just 2 min away form Parc Monceau, which is, in my opinion, the most be"
1645	Si vous cherchez un appartement spacieux (50m2), lumineux, joliment décoré, propre, calme et situé en plein centre de Paris littéralement en face du superbe Parc Monceau , vous avez trouvé le parfait appartement pour votre séjour parisien ! If you are looking for an alternative to an expensive hotel with the same level of confort, this is the perfect place to stay and to enjoy the best of Paris ! This typical Haussmann apartment is perfectly located in the center of Paris (17th arrondissement) litterally in front of the most beautiful and intimate park of the city : Park Monceau. The charm of Haussmann architecture is preserved in this brand newly renovated apartment, combining both the charm of authenticity and modernism. 15 minutes away by walk from the Champs Elysées, the apartment is also nearby major cultural attractions. Besides,  you will find all the confort you need in this spacious and brand new apartment.  On the ground floor:  - the Kitchen is fully equipped (oven, inductio	If you are looking for a beautiful Haussmann apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris literally a block from the the Monceau Park, spacious (50 square meters), newly renovated and well decorated : you've found the perfect place for your stay! Si vous cherchez un appartement spacieux (50m2), lumineux, joliment décoré, propre, calme et situé en plein centre de Paris littéralement en face du superbe Parc Monceau , vous avez trouvé le parfait appartement pour votre séjour parisien ! If you are looking for an alternative to an expensive hotel with the same level of confort, this is the perfect place to stay and to enjoy the best of Paris ! This typical Haussmann apartment is perfectly located in the center of Paris (17th arrondissement) litterally in front of the most beautiful and intimate park of the city : Park Monceau. The charm of Haussmann architecture is preserved in this brand newly renovated apartment, combining both the charm of authenticity and modernism. 15 minutes away b
1646		Lovely and lighly 65 square meters appartment. 1 large living room with sofa, kitchen, bathroom, 1 room with queen size bed and a child one (until 6 years).  Free wifi - TV with cable.  20 minutes walking from charles de Gaulle et Champs Elysées, 25
1647		Joliment niché dans le coeur du 17eme arrondissement, cet appartement comprend :  - Une cuisine équipée  - Une chambre avec lit double - Une salle de bain L'appartement est situé à proximité du métro Villiers
1648	Small studio (10m2 ) independent on the 1st floor of a building from the baseline . Very quiet. No elevator . Perfect location to visit Paris, a few days or as dorm room . Claire , quiet, clean . Renovated in September 2014 .	A real little studio just for you!  District Batignolles-Monceau very pleasant to live, near the Champs Elysees, the department stores (10 min) and Montmartre (15 min).Metro, Bus and Vélib 5 min in front of the building. Super Value/price/location Small studio (10m2 ) independent on the 1st floor of a building from the baseline . Very quiet. No elevator . Perfect location to visit Paris, a few days or as dorm room . Claire , quiet, clean . Renovated in September 2014 . -Internet Wifi (Domino Orange). -Bed linen, towels, shampoo -Bed for 1 or 2 people -Storage and small closet -Large Shower in the room. -Toilet on the landing shared with 2 other rooms (very few present) locked. Toilet paper provided -Hair dryer -Fridge -Cooking plate -Heating -Table , chairs , kettle , plates, glasses, cups, ... -Coffee & Tea We will meet us for the check in and check out. Small studio in a very pleasant and lively neighborhood. Near the Place de l'Etoile , Champs Elysees ( 10-15mins walk), the beautifu
1649	L'appartement est composé d'un salon avec cuisine ouverte (canapé convertible), d'une chambre et d'une belle salle de bain. Le logement est entièrement équipé : - TV - Internet (wifi) - Linge de maison - Thé, café	Beau 2 pièces de 30m², neuf, idéalement situé dans le 17ème arrondissement de Paris. Appartement très calme et très lumineux. Quartier animé, proche de toutes commodités (rue de Lévis). TV et internet gratuits. L'appartement est composé d'un salon avec cuisine ouverte (canapé convertible), d'une chambre et d'une belle salle de bain. Le logement est entièrement équipé : - TV - Internet (wifi) - Linge de maison - Thé, café L'appartement est situé dans le 17ème arrondissement : - 5 minutes à pieds du Parc Monceau - 10 minutes à pieds de Saint-Lazare - 10 minutes des Champs-Elysées - 15 minutes du square des Batignolles - 20 minutes de Montmartre L'appartement est situé dans un quartier très vivant, avec des bars, des restaurants et des commerces à proximité (boucherie/charcuterie, fromagerie, primeurs, traiteurs, pharmacie...). L'appartement est situé à deux minutes du métro Villiers (lignes 2 et 3).
1650	Spacious and luminous!	"This flat of hi standing is ideally situated in a calm zone close to Parc Monceau, Champs Elysées and 10min walk from Batignolles area, where plenty of restaurants & wine testing bars will welcome you. Spacious and luminous! Easy access from ""Courcelles"" subway stop, 3 min walk. 1h from Charles de Gaulle Airport by subway with 1 change. I speak french, english & spanish and will make myself available for the keys. I would also be happy to share with you the best plans of the neighborhood. - Fashion wine testing bars in Batignolles area, 10 min walk. - Little steets of Rue Legendre, with various small good restaurants, 7 min walk. - Levis & Poncelet streets market on the week-ends, 7 min walk. - The Parc Monceau: historical & nice good looking park, 5 min walk. Courcelles subway stop. 1h from CGD airport (1 change) King size bed Very luminous (3 window in bedroom, 3 others in the lounge) Take a sunny breakfast on the balcony!"
1651	Colocation composée de 3 jeunes actifs de 27 à 31 ans, 2 filles et 1 garçon. Vous aurez pour vous une grande chambre avec un lit 2 places, un meuble pour ranger vos affaires et un bureau. La chambre et l'appartement sont très bien isolés et vous ne souffrirez pas des nuisances sonores parisiennes. Typical Parisian Style flat in an Haussmann building, live the Parisian dream. The flat is 100sqm and has 4 bedrooms. It is located in an area all visitors dream of, 2 minutes away from the Arc de Triomphe and 5 from the Champs Elysées. You'll enjoy plenty of transportation means that will take you anywhere in Paris (3 metro lines, 1 underground train and lots of buses). Around the house, plenty of good shopping addresses and grocery stores. If you're looking for a nice neighbourhood in a convenient location, look no further!	Make yourself at home ! Big shared flat 2 minutes away from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. I may not be around, but my awesome room mates will welcome you and give you tips and advice to find your way around !!  Bienvenue chez nous ! Colocation composée de 3 jeunes actifs de 27 à 31 ans, 2 filles et 1 garçon. Vous aurez pour vous une grande chambre avec un lit 2 places, un meuble pour ranger vos affaires et un bureau. La chambre et l'appartement sont très bien isolés et vous ne souffrirez pas des nuisances sonores parisiennes. Typical Parisian Style flat in an Haussmann building, live the Parisian dream. The flat is 100sqm and has 4 bedrooms. It is located in an area all visitors dream of, 2 minutes away from the Arc de Triomphe and 5 from the Champs Elysées. You'll enjoy plenty of transportation means that will take you anywhere in Paris (3 metro lines, 1 underground train and lots of buses). Around the house, plenty of good shopping addresses and grocery stores. If you'r
1652	Charming family apartment, in an ideal location in Paris, between Montmartre and Champs-Élysées. Three bedrooms,one with a double bed, and two with a single bed. Fully equiped kitchen, bathroom, (website hidden), DVD, piano, high-speed Internet connection, wi-fi, wii. Lot of toys for kids. Located in the Batignolles district, where you'll find many fine restaurants and food shops, parks and playgrounds for kids. You can walk to Montmartre (12 minutes walk), the Opera and the big department stores (20 minutes walk), Louvre Museum and Champs Élysées (30 minutes walk). Three metro stations (2 mn walk) also make it possible for you to move faster. Enjoy your stay by visiting museums (Louvre, Orsay, the Pompidou Centre), monuments (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre-Dame), or by strolling in the parks (Monceau, Tuileries).	Charming family apartment, in an ideal location in Paris, between Montmartre and Champs-Élysées. Charming family apartment, in an ideal location in Paris, between Montmartre and Champs-Élysées. Three bedrooms,one with a double bed, and two with a single bed. Fully equiped kitchen, bathroom, (website hidden), DVD, piano, high-speed Internet connection, wi-fi, wii. Lot of toys for kids. Located in the Batignolles district, where you'll find many fine restaurants and food shops, parks and playgrounds for kids. You can walk to Montmartre (12 minutes walk), the Opera and the big department stores (20 minutes walk), Louvre Museum and Champs Élysées (30 minutes walk). Three metro stations (2 mn walk) also make it possible for you to move faster. Enjoy your stay by visiting museums (Louvre, Orsay, the Pompidou Centre), monuments (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre-Dame), or by strolling in the parks (Monceau, Tuileries). Any question ? Just ask ! We will be pleased to help you prepare your s
1653	The Paris apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building equipped with a lift. Access is secured by two door codes. The windows are double glazed so you will not be disturbed. This 50sqm apartment rental in Paris has two rooms. It has been entirely renewed very recently. The main room is very spacious and has a large flat screen TV, a coffee table and two extremely comfortable purple couches. A sofabed (160×200) enables two people to sleep in the living-room. The dining table can accomodate four guests. The bedroom is accessible from the living-room and has a large wall closet with a wardrobe and a comfortable double bed (140×200). The bedroom is not very spacious, but has a nice look and is conveniently arranged. From the bedroom you can reach the bathroom, which is also accessible from the entrance hall. This means you can enter the bathroom without disturbing the person sleeping in the bedroom. There is a beautiful Italian walk-in shower in this bathroom. The toilet is separate	A jewel in the city, with its simple but elegant design, this short term Paris apartment rental has one bedroom and can sleep up to for four people. Perfectly located near the Champs Elysées. The Paris apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building equipped with a lift. Access is secured by two door codes. The windows are double glazed so you will not be disturbed. This 50sqm apartment rental in Paris has two rooms. It has been entirely renewed very recently. The main room is very spacious and has a large flat screen TV, a coffee table and two extremely comfortable purple couches. A sofabed (160×200) enables two people to sleep in the living-room. The dining table can accomodate four guests. The bedroom is accessible from the living-room and has a large wall closet with a wardrobe and a comfortable double bed (140×200). The bedroom is not very spacious, but has a nice look and is conveniently arranged. From the bedroom you can reach the bathroom, which is also accessible from the 
1654		Lovely sunny flat for a couple and possibility for two kids
1655	Nous habitons dans cet appartement et nous en prenons grand soin. Il est donc parfaitement fonctionnel et complètement équipé... La terrasse de 7m2 donne sur un square très calme et arboré. Les chambres bénéficient d'un grand balcon, donnant sur rue. Les 6 couchages sont constitués d' 1 lit 160*200 dans une chambre, 1 canapé lit 140*200 dans la 2ème chambre et 1 canapé lit 140*200 dans le salon. Nous avons un bébé et vous pouvez bénéficier de toute l'infrastructure si besoin (lit enfant, table à langer, transat, babycook...)	C'est un appartement, au calme, proche Porte Maillot (5mn à pied) et Champs Elysées (15mn à pied). La terrasse du salon donne sur un parc, les 2 chambres donnent également sur un balcon. L'appartement a été refait à neuf : tout confort, tout équipé ! Nous habitons dans cet appartement et nous en prenons grand soin. Il est donc parfaitement fonctionnel et complètement équipé... La terrasse de 7m2 donne sur un square très calme et arboré. Les chambres bénéficient d'un grand balcon, donnant sur rue. Les 6 couchages sont constitués d' 1 lit 160*200 dans une chambre, 1 canapé lit 140*200 dans la 2ème chambre et 1 canapé lit 140*200 dans le salon. Nous avons un bébé et vous pouvez bénéficier de toute l'infrastructure si besoin (lit enfant, table à langer, transat, babycook...) Inutile d'aller très loin pour bénéficier des meilleures boulangeries, pâtisseries ou encore boucheries de Paris ! Commerces de bouche et boutiques de vêtements tendance sont à quelques pas. Nous sommes situés à proxim
1656	"The flat is located near the subway station ""Villiers"" (ligne 2 and 3) of a Haussman building"	"Discover the charm of Parisian holidays in this cosy apartment located a few minutes walk to Montmartre and to the Champs Elysées avenue ! The flat is located near the subway station ""Villiers"" (ligne 2 and 3) of a Haussman building The apartment is fully furnished (Televison and unlimited Internet access).  The salon is decorated with a cosy & parisian design where there is one double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with a electric combi-boiler, a large fridge and all the cooking utensils. There is a separate shower room. All the house linen is provided. The bedroom is a heaven of peace, where you sleep on a double bed in a quiet silence atmosphère. If you have any question do not hesitate to ask me. I hope to welcome you soon ! The loft is situated on the ""Quartier des Batignolles"", one of the famous area of West of Paris with a village atmosphere. The area is full of restaurants, of bars, has a small church, many food markets and 2 beautiful parks. A 15 minutes walk up to the gar"
1657	This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most attractive areas of Paris.  If you are interested in how Parisians live today, take time to visit this delightfully French neighborhood. Although it is in the heart of Paris, the Batignolles district offers a different atmosphere - a more relaxed and more peaceful one. Enjoy the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this recently fully decorated and furnished apartment. You will appreciate the contemporary atmosphere with stylish furniture and objects that bring a unique touch to this place. Located on a very quiet street on the 2nd French floor of an 18th century walk up classic Parisian building, the apartment offers a master bedroom with a super comfortable brand new double bed and a desk, a living room with a sofa bed for two and a meal corner and a modern bathroom with a large shower and a washing machine. The modern kitchen is equipped with a large refrigerator, oven, induction hobs, a Nespresso machine, an	 The apartment has just been renovated so you can comfortably enjoy the feeling of being at home in Paris. See you! This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most attractive areas of Paris.  If you are interested in how Parisians live today, take time to visit this delightfully French neighborhood. Although it is in the heart of Paris, the Batignolles district offers a different atmosphere - a more relaxed and more peaceful one. Enjoy the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this recently fully decorated and furnished apartment. You will appreciate the contemporary atmosphere with stylish furniture and objects that bring a unique touch to this place. Located on a very quiet street on the 2nd French floor of an 18th century walk up classic Parisian building, the apartment offers a master bedroom with a super comfortable brand new double bed and a desk, a living room with a sofa bed for two and a meal corner and a modern bathroom with a large shower and a wash
1658	"We rent a nice, charming and equiped studio next to the Champ Elysées and the Effeil Tower in Paris. Best location for a first visit of Paris! We will be the one welcoming you in the studio.  The apartment is located 10 minutes away by bus from the Champs Elysées and 20 minutes from Montmartre and the ""Basilique  du Sacré Coeur"". You also have the metro a few steps away and you will be in the heart of Paris very quickly. The apartment is located at 10 minutes away  from the direct train (RER A) to Disneyland paris The studio is 32m2, very sunny and quiet as it is situated in a courtyard.  Located on the second floor with elevator. Composed of a large living room with one bed and one extra sofa bed, a kitchen with microwave and oven and a bathroom with bathtub.  We provide computer and WiFi to our guests. Situation: Next to the metro Wagram (line 3) Direct line to Opera and Republique. All commodities next to the apartment: bakery, grocery, supermarket, restaurants, attractions. Long st"	"We rent a nice, charming and equiped studio next to the Champ Elysées and the Effeil Tower in Paris. Best location for a first visit of Paris! We will be the one welcoming you in the studio.  The apartment is located 10 minutes away by bus from the Champs Elysées and 20 minutes from Montmartre and the ""Basilique  du Sacré Coeur"". You also have the metro a few steps away and you will be in the heart of Paris very quickly. The apartment is located at 10 minutes away  from the direct train (RER A) to Disneyland paris The studio is 32m2, very sunny and quiet as it is situated in a courtyard.  Located on the second floor with elevator. Composed of a large living room with one bed and one extra sofa bed, a kitchen with microwave and oven and a bathroom with bathtub.  We provide computer and WiFi to our guests. Situation: Next to the metro Wagram (line 3) Direct line to Opera and Republique. All commodities next to the apartment: bakery, grocery, supermarket, restaurants, attractions. Long st"
1659	Nice and typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment Located on the inside court of a typical Parisian building, this beautiful typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment (with molding and oak flooring), is ideal for a couple. Travelers will delight in the calm and tranquility found in this apartment from the Parisian bustle.	Nice and typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment - short stay onlyLocated on the inside court of a typical Parisian building, this beautiful typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment, is ideal for a couple. Nice and typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment Located on the inside court of a typical Parisian building, this beautiful typical Parisian 2 bedroom apartment (with molding and oak flooring), is ideal for a couple. Travelers will delight in the calm and tranquility found in this apartment from the Parisian bustle. - Living area  - Many shops nearby  - Montmartre is a 15 min walk  - The Champs Elysee and Place de l'Etoile are 10 minutes away by bus! Bus, Metro and RER within 5 minutes.  Véli'B and Auto'Lib in the street ;-)
1660		Great apartment in Villiers / Batignolles, in this very nice area. Large luminous room with a double mezzanine bed, a sofa bed, a table and many chairs. Separated kitchen fully equipped and separated bathroom. Ideal location near the Parc Monceau Many restaurants, bars, shops, great place! Metro Villiers 2 minutes' walk (lines 2 and 3, very convenient)
1661	Rez de Chaussée sur cours Cuisine équipée: lave-linge, lave vaisselle, micro-onde, four... Salon avec beau parquet et hauteur de plafond, grand écran LCD, Lecteur DVD, wifi... Lit 140 Douche italienne et WC séparés.	Ce grand studio plein de charme, moderne et entièrement rénové est idéalement placé près des Champs Elysées, entre l'arc de triomphe et la porte maillot qui abrite le palais des congrès. Profitez de sa cuisine bien équipée et de son calme.  Rez de Chaussée sur cours Cuisine équipée: lave-linge, lave vaisselle, micro-onde, four... Salon avec beau parquet et hauteur de plafond, grand écran LCD, Lecteur DVD, wifi... Lit 140 Douche italienne et WC séparés. Lignes de métro Charles de Gaulle-Etoile :2,6,1 et RER A ou ligne 1 Argentine  Cars Air France  Communication par mail (email hidden) Par Airbnb Charme des immeubles haussmanniens, quartier très calme, idéal pour se reposer. Magasins typiques de la gastronomie française comme Hediard... Proche du parc monceau, de la fnac des ternes. Nombreux restaurants comme Michel rostand, Guy Savoy...Proche des lieux touristiques RER A Lignes de métro 1,2,6 Bus 43 et 92
1662	Très beau 2 pièces de 35m2, refait à neuf en avril 2014. entièrement équipé, WC séparé, WIFI dans un quartier très animé et au pied du métro à 15 min du Sacré-Coeur, à 20 min des champs Elysées en Bus, à 10 min des grands magasins Immeuble haussmanien, au 2ème étage avec ascenceur 1 chambre avec un lit double de 160cm et dans le salon un canapé lit de 140cm possibilité lit bébé si besoin très cosy et chaleureux	Appartement Haussmanien refait à neuf en avril 2014,2ème étage avec ascenceur Salon avec cuisine ouverte, chambre, salle de bain, WC séparé entièrement équipé, télé écran plat, WIFI dans un quartier très animé, à  100 mètres du métro Rome Très beau 2 pièces de 35m2, refait à neuf en avril 2014. entièrement équipé, WC séparé, WIFI dans un quartier très animé et au pied du métro à 15 min du Sacré-Coeur, à 20 min des champs Elysées en Bus, à 10 min des grands magasins Immeuble haussmanien, au 2ème étage avec ascenceur 1 chambre avec un lit double de 160cm et dans le salon un canapé lit de 140cm possibilité lit bébé si besoin très cosy et chaleureux appartement de 35m² Wifi dans l'appartement télé écran plat cuisine équipée serviettes et draps fournis je suis à votre disposition si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit, d'un renseignement, d'une aide, d'un conseil de restaurant ou autre quartier très animé avec beaucoup de restaurants et bars très joli quartier et chaleureu au centre des mo
1663	Bonjour! Je souhaite louer mon appartement cet été à Paris. Dans le quartier de Batignolles. L’appartement se trouve au rez de chaussé et il est disponible du 19 juillet au 30 août 2013, il est idéal pour un couple  sans enfants. Il peut être loué: pour deux semaines : du 19 juillet au 2 août pour 800 €   ou un mois de  : 2 au 30  aout pour 1200€ A bientôt  Patricia  Buenos dias ! Me gustaria alquilar mi departamento en Paris este verano. Esta muy bien situado en el Barrio de Batignolles. El departamento esta en planta baja y esta disponible del 19 de julio hasta el 30 de agosto (website hidden) idéal para una pareja sin ninos.  El departamento puede ser alquilado  pour dos semanas : del 19 julio al 2 de agosto por 800 €  o al mes del  : 2 al 30 de agosto por 1200€ Hasta pronto  Patricia  	Bonjour! Je souhaite louer mon appartement cet été à Paris. Dans le quartier de Batignolles. L’appartement se trouve au rez de chaussé et il est disponible du 19 juillet au 30 août 2013, il est idéal pour un couple  sans enfants. Il peut être loué: pour deux semaines : du 19 juillet au 2 août pour 800 €   ou un mois de  : 2 au 30  aout pour 1200€ A bientôt  Patricia  Buenos dias ! Me gustaria alquilar mi departamento en Paris este verano. Esta muy bien situado en el Barrio de Batignolles. El departamento esta en planta baja y esta disponible del 19 de julio hasta el 30 de agosto (website hidden) idéal para una pareja sin ninos.  El departamento puede ser alquilado  pour dos semanas : del 19 julio al 2 de agosto por 800 €  o al mes del  : 2 al 30 de agosto por 1200€ Hasta pronto  Patricia  
1664	This apartment oozes charm with authentic Hausmannian features - decorative ceilings, wood floors and two fireplaces, but also features an updated 21st century kitchen.  The main bedroom - with double bed - is in the back of the apartment with a great bed and is very quiet.  The second bedroom also has a double bed.	MONTHLY RENTAL PREFERRED  Renovated and fully furnished Two Bedroom in a historical building on a quiet street in the 17th. Two blocks from Metro Argentine, the apartment boasts four rooms, an elevator, and wonderful eat-in kitchen. Make Paris Home! This apartment oozes charm with authentic Hausmannian features - decorative ceilings, wood floors and two fireplaces, but also features an updated 21st century kitchen.  The main bedroom - with double bed - is in the back of the apartment with a great bed and is very quiet.  The second bedroom also has a double bed. The apartment is on Rue Brunel in the 17th Arrondissement and is steps away from the Champs-Élysées, the Arc de Triomphe, and the Bois de Boulogne. The neighborhood is packed with authentic French bakeries (boulangerie), cheese shops (fromagerie), and markets. Every type of restaurant from cafes and bistros to world class Michelin starred restaurants are available in the 17th.   Metro Argentine is 2 blocks away and Ternes is 5 b
1665	Beautiful apartment, great location (close to lines 2 and 13 ) on the 3rd floor of a small building with garden. Extremely bright bedroom and kitchen facing south. Pleasant and spacious living room with large corner sofa bed for 2 and dining table. Overhead projector with large screen. Bathroom with bath, separate toilet.	       Lovely 60m2 apartment in the heart of Batignolles, two minutes from Place de Clichy. Very spacious and practical, It Is well furnished and comfortable. Large room decorated, on sunny garden with open views , large living room Beautiful apartment, great location (close to lines 2 and 13 ) on the 3rd floor of a small building with garden. Extremely bright bedroom and kitchen facing south. Pleasant and spacious living room with large corner sofa bed for 2 and dining table. Overhead projector with large screen. Bathroom with bath, separate toilet. WIFI OHP film and computers Fully team Bathroom equipped Clean linen for beds and bathroom Basic food The apartment is on the boundary between the highly bobo Batignolles district and the most popular area of the Avenue de Clichy. All shops nearby ( Franprix 20 meters ) , just down bakery. Full restaurant right nearby. Métro :  L.13 La Fourche or Place de Clichy L.2 Place de Clichy Many buses 80/95/74
1666	You will be charmed by the original decoration of this apartment: both colorful and elegant, it brings a warm atmosphere. Equipped with modern furniture, it is completely functional. Moreover, it is located in an upscale and sophisticated area. This is a brick building. It is located on the 1st floor with no elevator. The doubled-oriented flat overlooks the courtyard. The view is clear and the surrounding calm. This wooden floored apartment has a tidy decoration and has 2 distinct parts: a living room and the sleeping area. The entrance separates both spaces and leads to the bathroom equipped with a large shower tub and a washing machine. The living, with its 160 cm sofa bed, table, office desk, coffee table and flat screen TV, leads to the equipped kitchen enlivened with a dishwasher. Accessible from the family room, there is a separated WC. In the sleeping area, one bedroom has a 160 cm double bed and the other one has two 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double	You will be charmed by the original decoration of this apartment: both colorful and elegant, it brings a warm atmosphere. Equipped with modern furniture, it is completely functional. Moreover, it is located in an upscale and sophisticated area. This is a brick building. It is located on the 1st floor with no elevator. The doubled-oriented flat overlooks the courtyard. The view is clear and the surrounding calm. This wooden floored apartment has a tidy decoration and has 2 distinct parts: a living room and the sleeping area. The entrance separates both spaces and leads to the bathroom equipped with a large shower tub and a washing machine. The living, with its 160 cm sofa bed, table, office desk, coffee table and flat screen TV, leads to the equipped kitchen enlivened with a dishwasher. Accessible from the family room, there is a separated WC. In the sleeping area, one bedroom has a 160 cm double bed and the other one has two 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double
1667		Un appartement de 2 pièces, grande cuisine et pièce à vivre au deuxième étage d'un quartier tendance : les Batignolles, 10 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur et du Parc Monceau. Tout autour restaurants , bars, marchés et petites boutiques. 
1668	"Ce logement de 32m2 dispose de tout le confort nécessaire : cuisine avec four, micro onde, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, cafetière Nespresso,... Le ""Must"" de cet appartement est la terrasse de 5m2 avec une petite table pour les repas et aperos maison en plein air ! On peut même apercevoir le bout du nez de la Tour Eiffel :-) Salle de bain spacieuse avec douche, sèche serviette et machine à laver. Planche à repasser avec centrale vapeur.  Des serviettes sont mises à votre disposition, ainsi que le shampoing et gel douche. Vous pouvez également vous servir dans le frigo et placard dans la mesure du raisonnable ;-)  La capacité d'accueil est de 3 personnes  une chambre avec un lit double. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas d'appoint au (website hidden), internet, wifi et téléphone : illimités vers fixe et mobile en France. Me demander pour les fixes à l'étranger (plus de 100 destinations) Pour que votre séjour à Paris soit le plus inoubliable possible, je vous proposerai des bonnes adresses "	"Ce logement de 32m2 dispose de tout le confort nécessaire : cuisine avec four, micro onde, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, cafetière Nespresso,... Le ""Must"" de cet appartement est la terrasse de 5m2 avec une petite table pour les repas et aperos maison en plein air ! On peut même apercevoir le bout du nez de la Tour Eiffel :-) Salle de bain spacieuse avec douche, sèche serviette et machine à laver. Planche à repasser avec centrale vapeur.  Des serviettes sont mises à votre disposition, ainsi que le shampoing et gel douche. Vous pouvez également vous servir dans le frigo et placard dans la mesure du raisonnable ;-)  La capacité d'accueil est de 3 personnes  une chambre avec un lit double. Possibilité de rajouter un matelas d'appoint au (website hidden), internet, wifi et téléphone : illimités vers fixe et mobile en France. Me demander pour les fixes à l'étranger (plus de 100 destinations) Pour que votre séjour à Paris soit le plus inoubliable possible, je vous proposerai des bonnes adresses "
1669		Charmant studio situé au RC arrière-cour au calme. Tout équipé ; cuisine, sdb, machine à laver, Wifi, TV, four ...
1670	Uniquement dédié à la location saisonnière de haute qualité.  Il se compose d'un salon avec canapé-lit (2 personnes) donnant sur une cuisine ouverte, une chambre avec lit double et son coin bureau ainsi qu'un dressing, une salle d'eau avec toilettes et douche.  Vous y trouverez tout l'équipement nécessaire à votre confort (cafetière, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire, fer à repasser, linge de toilette, draps etc). Vous pourrez également profiter d'une vue dégagée depuis les 3 fenêtres de l'appartement. 	Superbe appartement idéalement situé, dans un bel immeuble parisien. Cet appartement a été entièrement refait à neuf et décoré par un architecte d'intérieur. Quartier très recherché, chic et vivant, idéal pour le shopping et la découverte de Paris. Uniquement dédié à la location saisonnière de haute qualité.  Il se compose d'un salon avec canapé-lit (2 personnes) donnant sur une cuisine ouverte, une chambre avec lit double et son coin bureau ainsi qu'un dressing, une salle d'eau avec toilettes et douche.  Vous y trouverez tout l'équipement nécessaire à votre confort (cafetière, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire, fer à repasser, linge de toilette, draps etc). Vous pourrez également profiter d'une vue dégagée depuis les 3 fenêtres de l'appartement. Quartier très recherché, chic et vivant, lieu idéal pour le shopping et la découverte de Paris en toute sécurité.  Aux pieds du métro Ternes.
1671	"Charming Appartment ''Pereire"" 75017, on the 3st floor  38 m2, accomodates 4 people Access: Metro line 3 station ''Pereire'' - 5 min by feet  RER C station ''Pereire' - 15 min by feet from Champs Elysées 10 min by feet from Place de l'étoile and Arc de Triomphe. So the apartment is close to the place de l’Etoile and the Arc de Triomphe, avenue des Champs Elysées, which is considered as the most beautiful Avenue of the World. This charming flat is in the heart of the trendy Pereire/Courcelles/Ternes district of Paris.  This flat has a Parisian and modern decoration.  The flat is composed by: 2 living rooms view on interior courtyard, one with a big table and 7 chairs and the other has a double sofa bed so that the apartment can accommodate up to 4 adults or a family with children. The bed room is separed by a white curtain in a small romantic corner. A kitchen with french floor is fully equipped with electric stove, oven, refrigerator, freezer and cooking utensils.  The dining table can"	"Charming Appartment ''Pereire"" 75017, on the 3st floor  38 m2, accomodates 4 people Access: Metro line 3 station ''Pereire'' - 5 min by feet  RER C station ''Pereire' - 15 min by feet from Champs Elysées 10 min by feet from Place de l'étoile and Arc de Triomphe. So the apartment is close to the place de l’Etoile and the Arc de Triomphe, avenue des Champs Elysées, which is considered as the most beautiful Avenue of the World. This charming flat is in the heart of the trendy Pereire/Courcelles/Ternes district of Paris.  This flat has a Parisian and modern decoration.  The flat is composed by: 2 living rooms view on interior courtyard, one with a big table and 7 chairs and the other has a double sofa bed so that the apartment can accommodate up to 4 adults or a family with children. The bed room is separed by a white curtain in a small romantic corner. A kitchen with french floor is fully equipped with electric stove, oven, refrigerator, freezer and cooking utensils.  The dining table can"
1672		In addition to the room and its private bathroom, you'll be able to access the living room and the kitchen. The surrounding neighborhood is really lovely ! You're 15 minutes by foot from Montmartre, and you have the famous and beautiful Parc Monceau only 15 minutes away. There are numerous lovely shops and restaurant in the nearby streets. All in all, it is a very lovely and dynamic place to live ! Just next to the flat, you have the metro station La Fourche,on line 13. Down the avenue de Clichy (4/5minutes away), you have the sation place de Clichy, connection with lines 13 and 2.
1673	L'appartement possède un cachet incroyable, il est très lumineux et très bien situé. À proximité des stations de métro Charles de Gaulle Étoile, Ternes et Pereire, et du Parc Monceau.	À deux pas de l'arc de Triomphe, 3 pièces de 100m2, séjour Atelier avec verrière, 6m de hauteur sous plafond. Une chambre parentale, une chambre pour 2 petits enfants. Vue sur les toits de Paris, un balcon à chaque pièce, au dernier étage d'un immeuble art déco. L'appartement possède un cachet incroyable, il est très lumineux et très bien situé. À proximité des stations de métro Charles de Gaulle Étoile, Ternes et Pereire, et du Parc Monceau. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Oui, pour les accueillir. Quartier très calme, familial, commerçant et proche de tout. Par métro ou bus
1674	4.300 SqFEET luxurious 8 rooms, near Arc de Triomphe, 5 min Champs Elysées, 10 min Avenue Montaigne, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 10 min Rue du Faubourg St Honoré. Your dream becomes reality, living in one of the great apartments of the great French bourgeoisie within a mansion. This luxurious apartment where lived the great names of French society, will be your home for as long as you wish. The housekeeper will allow you to forget any effort to maintain the apartment, you will enjoy your holiday and live the ultra exclusive experience of a unique and elegant interior. Included in the price from the Airport or Trains Station go and return :  Private driver Mercedes car, see picture, from 7 days of rent.  If you want to organize a party or cocktail it's ONLY on special request. This rent is NOT for party and cocktail.  - 1 double bedroom  with en-suite bathroom and a sofa bed for 2 adults.  - 1 double bedroom with en- suite bathroom.  - 2 double bedrooms with a bathroom each and one shared toil	4.300 SqFEET luxurious 8 rooms, near Arc de Triomphe, 5 min Champs Elysées, 10 min Avenue Montaigne, 10 min Eiffel Tower, 10 min Rue du Faubourg St Honoré. Your dream becomes reality, living in one of the great apartments of the great French bourgeoisie within a mansion. This luxurious apartment where lived the great names of French society, will be your home for as long as you wish. The housekeeper will allow you to forget any effort to maintain the apartment, you will enjoy your holiday and live the ultra exclusive experience of a unique and elegant interior. Included in the price from the Airport or Trains Station go and return :  Private driver Mercedes car, see picture, from 7 days of rent.  If you want to organize a party or cocktail it's ONLY on special request. This rent is NOT for party and cocktail.  - 1 double bedroom  with en-suite bathroom and a sofa bed for 2 adults.  - 1 double bedroom with en- suite bathroom.  - 2 double bedrooms with a bathroom each and one shared toil
1675	46 square meters so four people can easily live in the appartment (one bed + one couch).	"You will find in this typical parisian appartment all you need for a great stay in Paris. It's well equipated, spacious, and located in a very nice area of the city!  Markets, bars and restaurants are all close to the building !!! 46 square meters so four people can easily live in the appartment (one bed + one couch). You will have access at the entire appartment. The neighborhood is very quite and you will find across the avenue a lot of markets, bars and restaurants from all over the world ! Two metro lines and bus lines make you easy to join all the city. The closest metro station is ""La fourche"" line 13. You can also go out at the station ""Place de Clichy"" line 2, and walk for 10mns."
1676		Appartement 2 pieces a Montmartre. Chambre (website hidden) central. Proximité transports
1677	Discover our spacious and welcoming apartment with its 3 rooms which can welcome up to 6 people. Typically haussmanian parisian, the apartment, situated to the rez de chaussée, giving onto a small garden and a yard, reconcile calm, charm and comfort. The apartment itself is very spacious with high ceilings, wooden floor, fireplaces. But this charm does not prevent modern comfort and contemporary design that will complete the enjoyment of your stay.	In the heart of the Batignolles Village, near Montmartre, live like a real parisian for a few days with your children and teenagers Discover our spacious and welcoming apartment with its 3 rooms which can welcome up to 6 people. Typically haussmanian parisian, the apartment, situated to the rez de chaussée, giving onto a small garden and a yard, reconcile calm, charm and comfort. The apartment itself is very spacious with high ceilings, wooden floor, fireplaces. But this charm does not prevent modern comfort and contemporary design that will complete the enjoyment of your stay. You will have access to the whole apartment. All bed linen and towels will be ready for you upon arrival. The apartment is exclusively for guests who have a confirmed reservation. I will be your main contact throughout the preparation of your trip. Batignolles is a charming area of Paris. Surrounded by small quality shops (caterers, bakeries, grocery stores, cheese and wine specialists), and near the covered mar
1678	Large apartment 130 M2 4 rooms Double living room Kitchen	Large apartment 130 M2 4 rooms Double living room Kitchen All apartment, except the other rooms Kitchen 1 large bathroom / Bathtub Toilet Double living room I will answer all your questions directly or by phone Near :  Shopping aera  Food stores Restaurants and bars Drugstores Many bus and subway lines for center of Paris at 100 meters Subway : line 3 (Pont de Levallois – Gallieni) taxis station at 100 meters
1679		Situé au pied du nouveau centre commercial So Ouest (nouveau cinéma) et à 7 minutes du métro Pereire (Porte de Champéret), ce charmant 3 pièces avec balcon peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.
1680	Charming flat, near of the Batignolles, approximately 30m2, bright, all commodity. This is really a nice place to live. There are windows right trough. The kitchen is equipped.  The area is quite calme and very familial and friendly. I prefer to be honest and say that the appartement is very old (some details need to be fixed) but absolutely charming, however, everything is clean and i will do my best to welcome you as best as I can.   	"Charming flat, near of the Batignolles (métro Brochant), 30m2, bright, all commodity. A place where it feels good to live. Charming flat, near of the Batignolles, approximately 30m2, bright, all commodity. This is really a nice place to live. There are windows right trough. The kitchen is equipped.  The area is quite calme and very familial and friendly. I prefer to be honest and say that the appartement is very old (some details need to be fixed) but absolutely charming, however, everything is clean and i will do my best to welcome you as best as I can.    Familial and friendly, with a lot of nice bar, café, book shops, and lovely food shops and market. The metri line is the ""13"", but it looks to a fork, so you can stop at 2 different stations: ""Brochant"" or ""Guy Moquet"" as you can see here: (website hidden)"
1681	Charming studio, parisien building architecture from the 1900's. Perfect for a short visit in Paris. Good location. Small room but very comfy. 	Charming typical parisian studio, cosy, full equiped, king size bed, kitchen, bathroom, wifi, desk, heating, nearby Montmartre, Sacré Coeur 15min walk, nearby Champs Élysées, Batignolles, subway station Guy Môquet 2min walk, 5th floor w-e. Charming studio, parisien building architecture from the 1900's. Perfect for a short visit in Paris. Good location. Small room but very comfy.  2min walk to the train station Guy Môquet. Good location, 15/20min to go to Champs Élysées, Sacré Coeur/Montmartre, Opéra, Grands Magasins boulevard Haussman. Feel free to email me anytime, I will do my best to answer and react as soon as possible :) Lots of shops, markets and cafés in the street close to the appartment. Lovely restaurants and terrasses nearby the Batignolles park, 5min walk. Park Martin Luther King at 5min walk, perfect to go jogging or relax. Many buses to drive you to famous touristic places. Bus 31 will drive you directly to Arc de Triomphe and Champs Élysées in 20min, bus 54 to Montrmart
1682	This is a cosy with two bedrooms: ideal for families or friends coming to Paris. Sleep: 2 bedrooms with 2 double beds (160x200cm). Building: Secured with digicode, and renforced door. Food: A lot of cafes, restaurants, and several open markets. Close to supermarkets.	Charming apartment located in the 17th district of Paris, neighboring the beautiful Montmartre and the very well-known Batignolles park. This is a cosy with two bedrooms: ideal for families or friends coming to Paris. Sleep: 2 bedrooms with 2 double beds (160x200cm). Building: Secured with digicode, and renforced door. Food: A lot of cafes, restaurants, and several open markets. Close to supermarkets. All equipement, tv, dvd, wifi, kitchen all equipment, washing machine. The flat is located in Epinettes. The most village-like part in the Paris North-West. You will love the mixture of friendly historic tranquillity in the Batignolles neighbourhood and its lively popular Epinettes and Clichy neighbourhoods. Metro: 100m from Guy Moquet station. Bus: 81 is going south to Chatelet (through The Louvre) 31 is going west to Place de l'Etoile, going East through 18th and 19th districts of Paris.
1683	This lovely apartment is the perfect place to stay for one who wishes to stay in a one of the best Parisian areas. The main room – 16 m2 – is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a coffee table, a TV with 917 channels. The kitchen, with its fridge, microwave, electric stoves, kettle, coffee machine, tableware, utensils, but also free tee and coffee, is at your disposal if you want to cook home. The washing machine/dryer is also available. The bathroom offers a bathtub, WC and a hairdryer. The lively area of the Levis village offers lots of shops – green grocery stores, bakeries, supermarkets, fashion stores and perfumeries – and restaurants. You can walk to Monceau Park, Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps department stores and to the shopping areas of Saint Lazare/Opera. It is located on the 4th floor  - no lift -, and very close to the Villiers and Malesherbes metro stations (line 2 and 3). You can reach: - the Champs Elysées et the Arc de Triomphe in 4 stations - Saint Lazare, t	This lovely apartment is the perfect place to stay for one who wishes to stay in a one of the best Parisian areas. The main room – 16 m2 – is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a coffee table, a TV with 917 channels. The kitchen, with its fridge, microwave, electric stoves, kettle, coffee machine, tableware, utensils, but also free tee and coffee, is at your disposal if you want to cook home. The washing machine/dryer is also available. The bathroom offers a bathtub, WC and a hairdryer. The lively area of the Levis village offers lots of shops – green grocery stores, bakeries, supermarkets, fashion stores and perfumeries – and restaurants. You can walk to Monceau Park, Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps department stores and to the shopping areas of Saint Lazare/Opera. It is located on the 4th floor  - no lift -, and very close to the Villiers and Malesherbes metro stations (line 2 and 3). You can reach: - the Champs Elysées et the Arc de Triomphe in 4 stations - Saint Lazare, t
1684	Discover a typical Parisian 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment located between Batignolles and Parc Monceau at the heart of the 17th arrondissement. The flat is spacious (50m sq), located at the 4th floor of a renovated building and extremely luminous! Kitchen: fully equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, nespresso, oven, microwave etc) You can enjoy free wifi, cable TV in the apartment. The bedroom features a standard double bed (linen and towels are provided). Enjoy a drink on the balcony surrounded by flowers, wander in the neighbourhood... there are plenty of good restaurants  & cafes, fine grocery stores, markets and boutiques.  If you are a jogging addict, Parc Monceau is the ideal spot, 5 minutes away! Easy access to public transportation:  - metro L. 2 & 3 (Villiers, Rome, Malesherbes) will take you straight to Opera, Grands Magasins & the Champs-Élysées. - bus 53 (straight to Opera) down the building. A bientôt! 	Discover a typical Parisian 1 bedroom, fully furnished apartment located between Batignolles and Parc Monceau at the heart of the 17th arrondissement. The flat is spacious (50m sq), located at the 4th floor of a renovated building and extremely luminous! Kitchen: fully equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, nespresso, oven, microwave etc) You can enjoy free wifi, cable TV in the apartment. The bedroom features a standard double bed (linen and towels are provided). Enjoy a drink on the balcony surrounded by flowers, wander in the neighbourhood... there are plenty of good restaurants  & cafes, fine grocery stores, markets and boutiques.  If you are a jogging addict, Parc Monceau is the ideal spot, 5 minutes away! Easy access to public transportation:  - metro L. 2 & 3 (Villiers, Rome, Malesherbes) will take you straight to Opera, Grands Magasins & the Champs-Élysées. - bus 53 (straight to Opera) down the building. A bientôt! 
1685		Appartement de 45m², situé dans le 17ème, avec balcon, proche métro, et toutes commodités (supérette au pied de l'appart). parking en sous sol. cuisine toute équipée, lave-linge, baignoire... Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes avec tout le confort nécessaire. 
1686	One-bedroom flat with en-suite bathroom (with bathtub), on the 3rd floor of a typical French 1930's building : wooden floors and ceiling moldings. Fits 4. Sofa bed (equivalent to a real double bed : 140cm wide) in the living room. 15 min walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. 10 min walk from les Batignolles (charming neighborhood with restaurants and bars). Big windows, facing south, little balconies.  1 min walk from metro station Guy Moquet (line 13) 	Fully equiped, bright and cosy one-bedroom flat with en-suite bathroom, on the 3rd floor of a typical French 1930's building : wooden floors and ceiling moldings. Fits 4.  Only 1min walk from the metro Guy Moquet (line 13 to Champs Elysées in 15min). One-bedroom flat with en-suite bathroom (with bathtub), on the 3rd floor of a typical French 1930's building : wooden floors and ceiling moldings. Fits 4. Sofa bed (equivalent to a real double bed : 140cm wide) in the living room. 15 min walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. 10 min walk from les Batignolles (charming neighborhood with restaurants and bars). Big windows, facing south, little balconies.  1 min walk from metro station Guy Moquet (line 13) Really lively neighborhood, lots of shops (grocery store, liquor store, pharmacy, banks, post office...) Metro line 13 (1 min walk) : 10min from Gare Saint Lazare Bus 31 and 80 (1 min walk) : 15-20min from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est
1687	Loue appartement 2 pièces avec petite cour privée, à Paris 17e, métro Villiers, proche quartier Batignolles, Montmartre. idéal pour week-end en amoureux ou entre amis. 1 lit et 1 canapé lit d'appoint (possibilité donc de loger jusque 4 personnes). 1 bed 1 sofa bed 	Very Well located near Champs Elysées opéra Montmartre and very parisian Area with markets and shops and restaurants. And quite with terrace for Summer! Loue appartement 2 pièces avec petite cour privée, à Paris 17e, métro Villiers, proche quartier Batignolles, Montmartre. idéal pour week-end en amoureux ou entre amis. 1 lit et 1 canapé lit d'appoint (possibilité donc de loger jusque 4 personnes). 1 bed 1 sofa bed  All my flat . Internet also  No i let them my flat but Can recommend and give advices on Paris!  Markets for food . Near everything and quite  Métro Villiers or Rome 5 min walking
1688	Between Montmartre and Batignolles! Crossing apartment with and extensive views over Paris: - Eiffel Tower, Sacre Coeur, Invalides, Arc de Triomphe ... from the bedroom and the kitchen - La Défense and the north of Paris since the double room Southeast room (morning sun) and large balcony northwest bathed in light in late afternoon. One bedroom with double bed and 2 sofa beds in the lounge. Wooden floors in the bedrooms, bathroom with bath, toilet, internet wi-fi, cable tv, video projector and high fidelity sound. 	Between Montmartre and Batignolles! Crossing apartment with and extensive views over Paris: - Eiffel Tower, Sacre Coeur, Invalides, Arc de Triomphe ... from the bedroom and the kitchen - La Défense and the north of Paris since the double room Southeast room (morning sun) and large balcony northwest bathed in light in late afternoon. One bedroom with double bed and 2 sofa beds in the lounge. Wooden floors in the bedrooms, bathroom with bath, toilet, internet wi-fi, cable tv, video projector and high fidelity sound. 
1689	30 m2 (323 ft2) appt. on the 1th floor in a bourgeois building with a charming traditional elevator lift. You will have the entire flat, (it's not a shared appartment) The appart. has 3 main areas: bedroom, living room and kitchen. The appartment is welcoming and warm. It has wifi, queen-size bed, double futon couch... comfortably fits 2, and up to 4 people.  You have also access to free long distance calls, and even french and US mobile phones. (Other pictures upon request)  We don't smoke and hardly any of our guests smokes. but if you smoke next to an open window, it's accepted. Well-situated in the lively and safe 17th district.  - Next to metro Rome, Place de Clichy, Villiers (line 2, 3 & 13),  - bus 30, 66, 53,  - train stations St Lazare, and Pont Cardinet  - and several Velib station (bikes in common share around paris).  Around your future place, you'll find:  -Rue Lévis, a typical Parisian street market every day on the cobblestone street, a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair sa	30 m2 (323 ft2) appt. on the 1th floor in a bourgeois building with a charming traditional elevator lift. You will have the entire flat, (it's not a shared appartment) The appart. has 3 main areas: bedroom, living room and kitchen. The appartment is welcoming and warm. It has wifi, queen-size bed, double futon couch... comfortably fits 2, and up to 4 people.  You have also access to free long distance calls, and even french and US mobile phones. (Other pictures upon request)  We don't smoke and hardly any of our guests smokes. but if you smoke next to an open window, it's accepted. Well-situated in the lively and safe 17th district.  - Next to metro Rome, Place de Clichy, Villiers (line 2, 3 & 13),  - bus 30, 66, 53,  - train stations St Lazare, and Pont Cardinet  - and several Velib station (bikes in common share around paris).  Around your future place, you'll find:  -Rue Lévis, a typical Parisian street market every day on the cobblestone street, a lot of bakeries, butchers, hair sa
1690		Very cosy apartment in Paris 17th – heart of the Batignolles Village – close to Pigalle, Montmartre, Sacré Cœur, Batignolles  Many shops, bars, and restaurants around. 10mn far from Saint-Lazare and from Parc Monceau 15mn far from Champs Elysées
1691	Quite close to several  parisien famous attractions such as Moulin Rouge,Sacre Coeur,Park Monceau,Triumphal Arch,Champs Elysees,Opera,Also famous La Fayette,printemps	"This large stylish studio apartment with charming living room has all you'll need for a very nice stay in central Paris. It's very close to public transport links and just several minutes walking away from Champs Elysees street. This apartment is the Quite close to several  parisien famous attractions such as Moulin Rouge,Sacre Coeur,Park Monceau,Triumphal Arch,Champs Elysees,Opera,Also famous La Fayette,printemps Free wifi, microwave,refrigerator,washing machine..... we live nearby the appartement. Several hundreds meters away. Guests can reach us by phone or we chat. It's really necessary to send us message one hour before your arrival. Paris is a quiet noisy city during the day.but our appartement located in a quiet street named ""Felicite street"", have a good night! Subway ligne 2 or 3 Bus 53 or 31"
1692	VERY NICE PLACE 	This charming and delightful 50 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Cardinet in the 17th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people. VERY NICE PLACE  supermarkets, restaurants, shops anytime their kindness metro 3 Malesherbes photos ask by email
1693	This lovely apartment (1st floor - without elevator), has a very nice and large living room with an open kitchen. The sofa can turn into a bed for two guests. The large flat screen TV is equipped with the cable. The open kitchen delimited by a bar, comes fully equipped with an oven, a microwave, a hob, a freezer, a fridge, a coffee machine, a kettle, a toster, etc...  The small bedroom offers a comfortable double bed and a large closet, and gives on a superb and modern bathroom, with a splendid massage shower. The apartment has a washing machine. Toilet is separated. 	Superb 40 sqm one-bedroom apt, for up to 4 guests, in the outstanding Avenue Niel, few min away from the majestic Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées Avenue. This very nice and fully equipped apartment would offer to you all the comfort you need! This lovely apartment (1st floor - without elevator), has a very nice and large living room with an open kitchen. The sofa can turn into a bed for two guests. The large flat screen TV is equipped with the cable. The open kitchen delimited by a bar, comes fully equipped with an oven, a microwave, a hob, a freezer, a fridge, a coffee machine, a kettle, a toster, etc...  The small bedroom offers a comfortable double bed and a large closet, and gives on a superb and modern bathroom, with a splendid massage shower. The apartment has a washing machine. Toilet is separated.  Linen and Towels are provided (cleaned by a professional laundry Cie) High speed wifi Great guest oriented service Check-in will be at the apartment (early check-in possible s
1694	Situé dans le - très vivant - quartier des Batignolles, vous avez tout à proximité, c'est à dire à moins de 2 minutes de marche de l'appartement. L'immeuble est très calme et mes voisins discrets, je vous demanderai donc de l'être tout autant.	Je mets à votre disposition mon appartement dans le quartier des Batignolles. 2 chambres, salon, cuisine équipée et toilettes/salle de bain pour vous permettre de passer un agréable séjour au coeur de Paris. (5e étage sans ascenseur) Situé dans le - très vivant - quartier des Batignolles, vous avez tout à proximité, c'est à dire à moins de 2 minutes de marche de l'appartement. L'immeuble est très calme et mes voisins discrets, je vous demanderai donc de l'être tout autant. Je serai présent à votre arrivée et votre départ et disponible tout le long du séjour si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit. Quartier convivial, animé mais aussi familial. L'appartement est situé à deux minutes de la ligne 2 et 3 du métro et à 5 minutes de la ligne L de train.
1695	Poutres apparentes Cuisine ouverte sur le salon Grand frigo / congélateur 4 Plaques à induction Nécessaire pour cuisiner : poêle, casseroles, couverts, vaisselle, verres Machine à café Nespresso Carafe d'eau filtrante Centrifugeuse  Bar Machine à laver 2 canapés-lit dans le salon TV HD Chambre séparée avec lit 2 places Linge de maison : couette, drap et serviette de bain Miroir plein pied  Salle de bain avec WC  Douche Lavabo avec miroir Chaque pièce est doté d'une fenêtre. Orientation Sud  Donne sur une petite cour privée avec accès au local poubelle. Très calme.	Charmant 2P idéalement situé à 5 min de Pigalle, 10 de Montmartre, 1 min du métro Place de Clichy dans rue calme. Le salon dispose de 2 canapés-lits et d'une cuisine ouverte avec un bar, poutres apparentes et d'une belle luminosité. Poutres apparentes Cuisine ouverte sur le salon Grand frigo / congélateur 4 Plaques à induction Nécessaire pour cuisiner : poêle, casseroles, couverts, vaisselle, verres Machine à café Nespresso Carafe d'eau filtrante Centrifugeuse  Bar Machine à laver 2 canapés-lit dans le salon TV HD Chambre séparée avec lit 2 places Linge de maison : couette, drap et serviette de bain Miroir plein pied  Salle de bain avec WC  Douche Lavabo avec miroir Chaque pièce est doté d'une fenêtre. Orientation Sud  Donne sur une petite cour privée avec accès au local poubelle. Très calme. Place de Clichy est au carrefour de 4 arrondissements : le 17ème, le 18ème, le 8e et 9e. Pour faire vos courses : Simply Market en traversant la rue (Boulevard des Batignolles) Restauration sur la
1696		vous êtes à 2 pas des champs Élysées, arc de triomphe, porte maillot . pour passer un bon séjour, quartier très animé, à coté de toute commodité. salle de douche et wc à l’intérieur du studio, refait à neuf. Séjour minimum 2 nuits , Je serai là pour vous renseigner Beaucoup de restaurent et commerce de grande marque + fnac Metro Argentinr , et aussi Charles de Gaulle Etoile ou porte Mailllot ,, le tout à 5 min
1697	In this flat there is a very calm bedroom with a double bed. There is also the possibility to use the couch to allow a 3rd person to sleep.	This cosy crossing two-rooms flat can easily welcome 3 people (one bed + one sofa which is not a sofa bed but still comfortable for one person). Refurbished recently and completely equipped, it is situated on the first floor by a Haussmann building. The charm of the Parisian apartments was preserved here. In this flat there is a very calm bedroom with a double bed. There is also the possibility to use the couch to allow a 3rd person to sleep. The guests will have access to all the equipments of the apartment and to the basics foodstuffs (salt, pepper, spicies, oil, vinegar and the continental breakfast). As possible, I try to meet the visitors for giving and take back the keys.  By the way, I am always available by message or by telephone to advise or inform the guests. I like a lot my district because it is very complete.  Near Batignolles, we can find bars and very nice restaurants.  Near Guy Moquet we can find all the small groceries useful for the preparation of a good meal.  Every
1698	"The apartment is located in front of, and has view on  ""le square des batignoles"" in the 17th district and is bright. It s composed 3bedrooms 2 bathrooms , 2 wc , a large living room and a fully equipped kitchen ; there of course is Wi Fi and cable Tv, and all the linen and towels are provided."	"The apartment is located in front of and has view on  ""le square des batignoles"" in the 17th district and is bright. It s composed 3bedrooms 2 bathrooms , 2 wc , a large living room and a fully equipped kitchen ; there of course is Wi Fi and cable Tv The apartment is located in front of, and has view on  ""le square des batignoles"" in the 17th district and is bright. It s composed 3bedrooms 2 bathrooms , 2 wc , a large living room and a fully equipped kitchen ; there of course is Wi Fi and cable Tv, and all the linen and towels are provided. I stay reachable all along your stay in Paris and will give you all the informations and advice you will need"
1699	Petit deux pièces au rez-de-chaussée. Meublé, propre. Métro Brochant et Guy Moquet. 	Petit deux pièce au rez-de-chaussée de 16 mètres carré à louer. Appartement bien entretenu, meublé. Il est situé à deux pas de Montmartre et des Batignolles. Petit deux pièces au rez-de-chaussée. Meublé, propre. Métro Brochant et Guy Moquet. Possibilité de stationner dans les nombreux parkings dans le quartier.
1700	Cosy 33m2 apartment. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without an elevator.  The livingroom has a TV and sofa. 1 bedroom Fully equipped kitchen, with Senseo coffee mashine	Appartement de 33m² , T2 salon + chambre avec vrai lit très confortable. Dans un quartier touristique, à 5mn à pied de l'Arc-de-Triomphe et 10mn à pied de l'Avenue des Champs Elysées. Cosy 33m2 apartment. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor without an elevator.  The livingroom has a TV and sofa. 1 bedroom Fully equipped kitchen, with Senseo coffee mashine Je serai disponible tout le long de votre séjour par téléphone. Une amie ou mon frère peuvent faire le check in / check out si je ne suis pas disponible. My apartment is situated in a typically parisian street, with one outdoor market around the corner which is daily open (marche Poncelet, open 7am-7pm, even sundays and bank holidays untill 1pm) full of traditional shops : fruits and vegetables, fish, bakeries, wine, cheese, good restaurants and cafés. In the neighbourhood are many grocery shops but also some nice shops for shopping (Sephora, Gap, Kookai, shoe stores etc) Accès :  Métro ligne 1 (Charles de Gaule Etoile)  Métro l
1701	"Our daughter room is available if you wish to spend some nights in Paris Centre Champs-Elysées-Porte Maillot. The room 9m2 includes a shower and lavabo. Private Wc are in the corridor. Access to the bedroom is close to the main entrance of our appartement. Kitchen can be shared for your breakfast including toaster, boiler, and microwave. You have plenty of restaurant of any price in streets nearby for meals.You have all accommodation buses, metro 2, RER Charles de Gaulle. Do not hesitate to ask for any query, i'll reply my best. Bedroom is in a comfortable 90m2 apartment in haussmanien building in French Style. Ideally situated in 17th center of Paris ""Rive droite"". Very quiet in level 0, unique apartment by its height under ceiling of 3,80m, its mouldings and its antique parquet. Completely redone for new and decorated ""contemporain design"".Grocery, market, shops, bars and restaurants are all accessible on foot.""Metro Ternes"", and numerous buses. 5mn Champs-Elysées.You will find uncou"	"Quiet private room with shower in apartment designed and well decorated. Real bed with sheets, sink and private shower in your room. Close to Ternes Metro, Arc de Triomphe and Porte Maillot. Everything closed. Serge and Segolene will welcome youuuu. Our daughter room is available if you wish to spend some nights in Paris Centre Champs-Elysées-Porte Maillot. The room 9m2 includes a shower and lavabo. Private Wc are in the corridor. Access to the bedroom is close to the main entrance of our appartement. Kitchen can be shared for your breakfast including toaster, boiler, and microwave. You have plenty of restaurant of any price in streets nearby for meals.You have all accommodation buses, metro 2, RER Charles de Gaulle. Do not hesitate to ask for any query, i'll reply my best. Bedroom is in a comfortable 90m2 apartment in haussmanien building in French Style. Ideally situated in 17th center of Paris ""Rive droite"". Very quiet in level 0, unique apartment by its height under ceiling of 3,80"
1702	The loft-style studio is perfect to host up to 4 people:  • two in the ground floor (2 individual beds measuring each 90x200 cm, which may be placed together to from a queen size bed, or apart) and • a double bed in the upper floor (mezzanine)  It is a calm, fresh and sunny apartment with no  neighbors above and beneath, like a little house in the calm of an internal garden of a beautiful Parisian building. It is situated in the lively and elegant XVII district neighborhood, in a calm and silent street. MINIMUM 3-night stay.	Charming studio-loft in the beautiful and elegant Monceau district, in central Paris, only a few minutes from Champs Élysées.  The loft-style independent studio is situated in the internal flowery garden of a XIX century apartment building in the XVII district, 3 minutes away from the beautiful Park Monceau. The loft-style studio is perfect to host up to 4 people:  • two in the ground floor (2 individual beds measuring each 90x200 cm, which may be placed together to from a queen size bed, or apart) and • a double bed in the upper floor (mezzanine)  It is a calm, fresh and sunny apartment with no  neighbors above and beneath, like a little house in the calm of an internal garden of a beautiful Parisian building. It is situated in the lively and elegant XVII district neighborhood, in a calm and silent street. MINIMUM 3-night stay. As often as necessary for my guests. The studio is located at the beautiful XVII district, in one of the most exclusive areas of Paris.  Less than 5 minutes fr
1703	The flat is quiet and full of light, located at the first floor of a nice building, at the end of a courtyard. There are a living room and a room with a double bed. 	Welcome to the heart of Batignolles, a lively and typically Parisian area! Located between the Parc Monceau and Place de Clichy, the area is ideal to visit Paris! Bus and metro are  2 minutes walk, you can also rent bicycles. The flat is quiet and full of light, located at the first floor of a nice building, at the end of a courtyard. There are a living room and a room with a double bed.  You will have access to everything, storage, kitchen, internet... Basically, I m renting the flat when I'm out of town but I will give you many ideas to visit the city and to enjoy the neighborhood! I have two friends living at 50m, they will be glad to help you if you need anything. Check in between 10 am and 9:30 pm
1704	Uniquely situated within Paris, this flat is extremly quiet and fully equiped in order for your stay to be as enjoyable as possible.	"     This flat, 5 minutes walking from the Champs-Elysées and the ""Arc de Triomphe"" is perfect for discovering Paris. Not only are you within one of Paris' best neighboorhood, but you can quickly go in most of the others thanks to the subway ! Uniquely situated within Paris, this flat is extremly quiet and fully equiped in order for your stay to be as enjoyable as possible. Full access to the whole flat !  One of Paris' most beautiful neighborhood : Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées are within 5 minutes walking ; The Louvre is only 5 subway stop away !  Subway line 1 or R.E.R line A are a real 5 minutes walk to the flat"
1705	The apartment is close to the Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Champs Elysees. The area is easy and convenient to move by walk, bus , metro or velib. A lots of restaurants, bars, a popular food market in the area on weekends, the area is very nice !!!  This 40m² appartment can host 2 persons.	You will enjoy the entire appartment wich is cosy and quiet. It has a large livingroom, a nice bedroom, an equiped kitchen and a separated bathroom/restroom. The apartment is close to the Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Champs Elysees...  The apartment is close to the Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Champs Elysees. The area is easy and convenient to move by walk, bus , metro or velib. A lots of restaurants, bars, a popular food market in the area on weekends, the area is very nice !!!  This 40m² appartment can host 2 persons. 1 living room with TV 1 kitchen with cooker hood and cooktop, fridge, dishwasher, a washing machine 1 bathroom  Separate WC Wireless internet access I will be happy to give you the information about the city and the districts to enjoy your stay in my flat. Nearby : - Subway station and bus - open markets, restaurants, shops, food stores, bakeries, bars,... - Close to the parc Luther King The apartment is located between La fourche and Guy Mocquet (line 13). About 45 minutes fro
1706	Welcome to a neighborhood of the 17th arrondissement,  In a small stone building, a magnificent two very bright rooms on the third floor that will delight all lovers of art and decoration.  The apartment was completely renovated in summer 2015.  The main room is the living room with open kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, stove, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, pots and pans, but also all the dishes and utensils necessary to receive food and cooking). There is also a lounge / TV area with new sofa bed with a real mattress inside, super comfortable. You will find a very functional table that turns into a dining table to maximize the space you can leave it open or close it as you like. The ottoman can become single bed. Possibility to sleep two in the living room. A large double bed with storage space in the room. Bed linen and towels are provided on arrival at the hotel as we use high quality white linen. Also provided toilet paper. Large wardrobe and chest of drawers available for 	Beautiful apartment located in a very nice part of Paris , close to the subway and the main Parisian spots . Two large rooms for 4 people full of charm and works of art. Fully equipped. Welcome to a neighborhood of the 17th arrondissement,  In a small stone building, a magnificent two very bright rooms on the third floor that will delight all lovers of art and decoration.  The apartment was completely renovated in summer 2015.  The main room is the living room with open kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, stove, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, pots and pans, but also all the dishes and utensils necessary to receive food and cooking). There is also a lounge / TV area with new sofa bed with a real mattress inside, super comfortable. You will find a very functional table that turns into a dining table to maximize the space you can leave it open or close it as you like. The ottoman can become single bed. Possibility to sleep two in the living room. A large double bed with storage space
1707	"In a very pleasant corner, ideally situated (close to the north ring road and to the Subway  Station Guy Môquet), very quiet, near Montmartre and near the ""Marché aux Puces"" of Saint-Ouen, this apartment of charm in a historic building is bright and give onto the vegetation of the public garden of Epibettes). It offers a warm atmosphere thanks to 60m2 and the Latin American touches of decoration. Consisted of a big lounge, an equipped kitchen, two spacious bedrooms, a big bed, a sofa bed and an individual bed, a bathroom and separate toilets. In a quiet street, of numerous supermarkets nearby. Any comfort : television, internet access , washing machine, etc."	"In a very pleasant corner, ideally situated (close to the north ring road and to the Subway  Station Guy Môquet), very quiet, near Montmartre and near the ""Marché aux Puces"" of Saint-Ouen, this apartment of charm in a historic building is bright and give onto the vegetation of the public garden of Epibettes). It offers a warm atmosphere thanks to 60m2 and the Latin American touches of decoration. Consisted of a big lounge, an equipped kitchen, two spacious bedrooms, a big bed, a sofa bed and an individual bed, a bathroom and separate toilets. In a quiet street, of numerous supermarkets nearby. Any comfort : television, internet access , washing machine, etc."
1708	This is a typical Parisian apartment with hardwood floors . The apartment is on the first floor, in a very quiet private courtyard Very quiet and comfortable, fully renovated. The apartment : - Living room with a fully equipped separate kitchen - Bedroom - Bathroom - Toilets . I will be happy to welcome you in a clean apartment. I leave you with coffee, tea and chocolate, clean sheets and bed and clean towels. A SOFA BED in the living room can accommodate 2 people . The apartment is perfect for 4 people: 2 in the king size bed in the bedroom and 2 sofa beds in the lounge . 	The apartment is Located in the trendy neighborhood of Batignolles / sopy in the 17th of Paris at the foot of montmartre , this apartment of 36m2 is perfect for tourists seeking a stay in a typical Parisian apartment.    This is a typical Parisian apartment with hardwood floors . The apartment is on the first floor, in a very quiet private courtyard Very quiet and comfortable, fully renovated. The apartment : - Living room with a fully equipped separate kitchen - Bedroom - Bathroom - Toilets . I will be happy to welcome you in a clean apartment. I leave you with coffee, tea and chocolate, clean sheets and bed and clean towels. A SOFA BED in the living room can accommodate 2 people . The apartment is perfect for 4 people: 2 in the king size bed in the bedroom and 2 sofa beds in the lounge .  === Services: - washing machine espresso unlimited Internet -TV - Towels, flat - screen WiFi are provided About 15 minutes walk from Montmartre and 30 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe, you will also
1709	4 pièces Haussmannien chaleureux avec grand séjour, salle à manger, deux chambres (1 lit double, 2 lits simples), canapé convertible au salon, grandes fenêtres donnant sur cour intérieure.  Authentique Haussmannien très bien agencé avec caractéristiques d'origine : parquets en chêne point de Hongrie, moulures sur plafonds hauts , boiseries, 4 cheminées en marbre avec miroirs, typique des vrais appartements parisiens. Luxueuse salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire, douche et grande vasque avec séche-serviette électrique et équipée d'un sèche cheveux. Cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée avec frigo, congélateur, micro-onde, four, lave-linge séchant, bouilloire, grille pain. Idéal famille avec enfants.	Apt 4-6 pers. 85m2 chic & calme Typique haussmannien avec parquet, moulures et cheminée. Salon, salle a manger, 2 chambres, salle de bain avec baignoire et douche, cuisine entièrement équipée avec lave vaisselle et lave linge. Wifi. 4 pièces Haussmannien chaleureux avec grand séjour, salle à manger, deux chambres (1 lit double, 2 lits simples), canapé convertible au salon, grandes fenêtres donnant sur cour intérieure.  Authentique Haussmannien très bien agencé avec caractéristiques d'origine : parquets en chêne point de Hongrie, moulures sur plafonds hauts , boiseries, 4 cheminées en marbre avec miroirs, typique des vrais appartements parisiens. Luxueuse salle de bain en marbre avec baignoire, douche et grande vasque avec séche-serviette électrique et équipée d'un sèche cheveux. Cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée avec frigo, congélateur, micro-onde, four, lave-linge séchant, bouilloire, grille pain. Idéal famille avec enfants. L'appartement est loué dans sa totalité. Nombreux commerc
1710		Joli appartement cosy d'environ 45m2 en plein coeur des Batignolles . Il est composé d'une chambre et d'un salon spacieux (avec canapé/lit). A deux pas du métro, bus pour sites touristiques , restaurants, bars.... Idéal pour découvrir Paris!   
1711	"Appartement Parisien de 30 m² avec une chambre.  Cuisine américaine toute équipée, salon avec écran LED 130 cm, Free Tv, Wifi ...  Douche à l'italienne, les wc se trouve dans la douche.  Situé dans une jolie impasse, l’appartement est très calme et proche de la rue Lévis qui fourmille de commerces de bouche, de terrasses et de boutiques. 20 minutes à pied des Champs Élysées, 25 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur, 10 minutes en métro d'Opéra. 15 minutes à pied de St Lazare... Cela reste un petit appartement (30 m2), parfait pour un couple.  Parisian apartment of 30 m ² with one bedroom, including a double bed. The American kitchen is any outing, lounge with LED screen 130 cms, Free Tv, WiFi...  Italian-style shower, toilets is in the shower.  Very quiet, in the 2nd floor of a small building situated in a deadlock at the heart of the village of Tocqueville and its famous ""rue de Lévis"". The market is there every day. You have everything you need for  20 minutes walk to Champs-Elysées, 25 minut"	Appartement de 30 m2 comprenant une chambre avec lit double, un salon avec cuisine américaine et une salle de bain. 2 rooms flat that includes a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with kitchen and a bathroom. Appartement Parisien de 30 m² avec une chambre.  Cuisine américaine toute équipée, salon avec écran LED 130 cm, Free Tv, Wifi ...  Douche à l'italienne, les wc se trouve dans la douche.  Situé dans une jolie impasse, l’appartement est très calme et proche de la rue Lévis qui fourmille de commerces de bouche, de terrasses et de boutiques. 20 minutes à pied des Champs Élysées, 25 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur, 10 minutes en métro d'Opéra. 15 minutes à pied de St Lazare... Cela reste un petit appartement (30 m2), parfait pour un couple.  Parisian apartment of 30 m ² with one bedroom, including a double bed. The American kitchen is any outing, lounge with LED screen 130 cms, Free Tv, WiFi...  Italian-style shower, toilets is in the shower.  Very quiet, in the 2nd floor of a small
1712	Charmant 3p au coeur des Batignolles Lumineux et cosy. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un salon (avec lit simple), une cuisine, deux chambres (avec lits doubles), une salle de bains et des toilettes séparés.  Télévision  WIFI  Lave-vaisselle  Lave linge	En plein coeur des Batignolles, cet appartement est idéal pour une famille. Il est entièrement équipé avec un salon, une cuisine, deux chambres, une salle de bains et des toilettes séparés. Charmant 3p au coeur des Batignolles Lumineux et cosy. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un salon (avec lit simple), une cuisine, deux chambres (avec lits doubles), une salle de bains et des toilettes séparés.  Télévision  WIFI  Lave-vaisselle  Lave linge Transports Métro Villiers Ligne 2 et 3  Métro Rome Ligne 2  Métro La Fourche Ligne 13 Métro Saint Lazare Ligne 14  Bus 31/53/74  Gare de Pont Cardinet  Gare de Saint Lazare  Nombreuses stations de vélib' à proximité Montmartre/Pigalle (15 minutes à pieds) Gare Saint Lazare (15 minutes à pieds)  Aéroports Roissy (45 mn RER direct gare du Nord), aéroport Orly (45 mn (RER/métro) Charmant 2p Square des Batignolles, 15min à pieds de Montmartre/Pigalle, 10min des Champs Elysées. Lumineux et cosy. Très calme, dans quartier vivant et agréable! Le q
1713	The flat has big two rooms : - a charming living-room, very illuminated in the morning, - one bedroom for two people, also illuminated due to a big window at the sunset. You have everything you need to spend a good journey : a fully-equiped kitchen with a microwave oven, a rice cooker, a coffee-machine and a fridge. Shower, TV, fast WiFi and household linen are at your disposal. For your information the appartment is at the 6th floor.	Lovely flat in a calm & residential building of the 19th century, haussmannian style. It is very comfortable for 2 or 3 persons, 35 sq mtrs.
1714	APPARTEMENT NEUF, SPACIEUX, LUMINEUX, CALME (donne sur jardin). Situé entre le très chic parc Monceau et le quartier branché des Batignolles, l'appartement se situe au deuxième étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble avec gardien et digicodes.  Il se compose de:  - Un salon:  Grand, avec 2 grandes fenêtres, une table basse, un bureau, un canapé lit (CONFORTABLE pour 2 adultes), une table de salle à manger et ses chaises pour 6 personnes, une télévision (freebox, télé et internet). L'appartement a été redécoré, les équipements et meubles sont tous neufs et le rendent ainsi très agréable à vivre et fonctionnel.  -Une cuisine américaine:  entièrement équipée, neuve elle aussi et fonctionnelle. (lave vaisselle, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à café nespresso, micro-ondes, four etc.) Un lave linge, et sèche linge sont aussi à disposition. - Une chambre:  Grande fenêtre, lit d'1m60, dressing. (Pour la lumière du jour et les moins matinaux, noter que la chambre comme le salon comportent des vo	Appartement 45 m2, neuf, sécurisé et calme (sur jardin). 17e arrondissement, entre le parc Monceau et le quartier branché des Batignolles. Métro (Villiers, Malesherbes) bus ACCES RAPIDE ET DIRECT A TOUS LES PLUS BEAUX LIEUX DE PARIS!!!! APPARTEMENT NEUF, SPACIEUX, LUMINEUX, CALME (donne sur jardin). Situé entre le très chic parc Monceau et le quartier branché des Batignolles, l'appartement se situe au deuxième étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble avec gardien et digicodes.  Il se compose de:  - Un salon:  Grand, avec 2 grandes fenêtres, une table basse, un bureau, un canapé lit (CONFORTABLE pour 2 adultes), une table de salle à manger et ses chaises pour 6 personnes, une télévision (freebox, télé et internet). L'appartement a été redécoré, les équipements et meubles sont tous neufs et le rendent ainsi très agréable à vivre et fonctionnel.  -Une cuisine américaine:  entièrement équipée, neuve elle aussi et fonctionnelle. (lave vaisselle, bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à café nespresso
1715	proche étoile, avenue des ternes, porte maillot, au calme , 	Ce studio de 22m2 est proche de l'étoile, de la porte maillot et proches des commerces et des métros pte maillot , argentine. Il est au 1 er étage , fonctionnel, canapé lit, douche, wc, au calme.  Place st ferdinand et avenue des ternes sont à côté proche étoile, avenue des ternes, porte maillot, au calme ,  marché poncelet, maillot, place de l'étoile, place saint ferdinand, champs élysées, fnac  des ternes, métro porte maillot, rer, métro argentine, étoile, ternes, bus, Salle de bain optimisée, toilettes et douches dans la même pièce, vue au calme sur un mur dans vis à vis,
1716		This is a brand new renovated & decorated space steps from the Arc de Triumphe and Champs Elysee.  Air France buses on the street go to and from both airports.  Wonderfully comfortable bed and fold out couch.  Great kitchen to cook. There is only one key and the door locks behind you so keep it with you at all times and we will need to meet and hand off the key The closest metro is either Argentine, Charles de Gualle Etoile or Ternes. The air france bus goes to and from both airports to ave carnot, just a 5 minute walk, every 20 min. 7euros each way
1717	Very quiet appartment Charm of parisian apparts with parquet and comtemporary design	"1st floor and overlooks a private and quiet courtyard. Flat completely renovated and fully equipped, large kitchen, large beds, WIFI , International channels all in the charm of a Parisian apartment with parquet original , contemporary décor. Very quiet appartment Charm of parisian apparts with parquet and comtemporary design Very close to Metro Station I live at 10 minutes from the flat, so very easy to be in contact during your journey Very popular area with lots of shops, restaurants, ""open markets"" where you can buy fresh food, all commodities (bank, pharmacy, etc..) Very close to metro and bus stations"
1718	Un cocon romantique lumineux idéal pour un séjour à 2 en couple ou entres ami(e)s !  Entièrement rénové, le studio offre tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour de quelques jours à plusieurs mois. Situé à 5 minutes de la Place de Clichy, 10 minutes du très beau quartier de Saint-Lazare , à 15 minutes à pieds du Sacré Cœur et de Montmartre.  6ème étage sur cour, très calme. Un havre de paix et de tranquillité !   	Un cocon romantique lumineux idéal pour un séjour à 2 en couple ou entres ami(e)s !  Entièrement rénové, le studio offre tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour de quelques jours à plusieurs mois. Situé à 5 minutes de la Place de Clichy, 10 minutes du très beau quartier de Saint-Lazare , à 15 minutes à pieds du Sacré Cœur et de Montmartre.  6ème étage sur cour, très calme. Un havre de paix et de tranquillité !  
1719		We are renting out our cosy 35 sqf 1 bedroom appartment in the beautiful 17 arr in Paris. The ap
1720	Havre de Paix et de Tranquillité Porte Cité des Fleurs  Haven of Peace and Tranquility Gate City of Flowers Appartement décoration style Classicisme Entretenus  régulièrement  lumineux de 27 m²  Hall d’entrée, Balcon 5 m² résidentiel de standing avec petit jardin. Calme confortable au 4ème étage, ascenseur  Les Epinettes 4éme quartier du 17éme  Situé rive droite  Arc de Triomphe, les Champs-Elysees, et la butte Montmartre, Idéal pour 2 adultes, couple un enfant   Lit 2 places, un lit 1 place. Petite cuisine comptoir, et table pour vos repas. Equipée : machines chauffes plat,  une machine à café, un réfrigérateur, un (website hidden) les ustensiles de bases pour faire la cuisine. Salle d’eaux, elle possède une douche standard style italienne, un lavabo, un WC Inclus : Linge de maison, draps, serviettes de toiletté, matériel de repassage, sèche-(website hidden) écran plat, connexion Internet câble ADSL WIFI haut débit. Info + frais Airbnb (Accueil court séjour) : (Optimisation du plannin	Appartement de charme 27 m²  Hall d’entrée, Balcon 5 m² résidentiel de standing avec petit jardin. Calme confortable au 4ème étage, ascenseur pour un court séjour.  Havre de Paix et de Tranquillité Porte Cité des Fleurs  Haven of Peace and Tranquility Gate City of Flowers Appartement décoration style Classicisme Entretenus  régulièrement  lumineux de 27 m²  Hall d’entrée, Balcon 5 m² résidentiel de standing avec petit jardin. Calme confortable au 4ème étage, ascenseur  Les Epinettes 4éme quartier du 17éme  Situé rive droite  Arc de Triomphe, les Champs-Elysees, et la butte Montmartre, Idéal pour 2 adultes, couple un enfant   Lit 2 places, un lit 1 place. Petite cuisine comptoir, et table pour vos repas. Equipée : machines chauffes plat,  une machine à café, un réfrigérateur, un (website hidden) les ustensiles de bases pour faire la cuisine. Salle d’eaux, elle possède une douche standard style italienne, un lavabo, un WC Inclus : Linge de maison, draps, serviettes de toiletté, matériel 
1721	Le quartier possède un très bon marché , des petits restaurants , une très bonne ambiance avec la vie de quartier , le parc Monceau et le square des Batignolles , la vue sur Montmartre ,proche de pigalles de saint lazard et des grands magasins comme le printemps Haussman grand boulevard et l'opéra Garnier  (3 arrêts de métro soit 5 minutes )  Accès au logement en taxi ou en métro ligne 2 Arrêt Rome . 	Le quartier possède un très bon marché , des petits restaurants , une très bonne ambiance avec la vie de quartier , le parc Monceau et le square des Batignolles , la vue sur Montmartre ,proche de pigalles de saint lazard et des grands magasins comme le printemps Haussman grand boulevard et l'opéra Garnier  (3 arrêts de métro soit 5 minutes )  Accès au logement en taxi ou en métro ligne 2 Arrêt Rome . 
1722	Welcome to Paris, just feel at home in Paris!  You could cook nice fresh French food and sleep well in that calm flat. What I like in that district of Paris: There are lots of metros, bus or RER to get everywhere quickly. The district is beautiful, full of life and romantic. the Batignolles is the place to be in Paris at the moment! There are more than 20 good restaurants and bars just walking around  There is 2 little parcs and one of them is the most beautifull and romantical of Paris. There is a nice Church and a romantic little place. There is a typical French market at 2 minutes in the street. There is the flower city at 5 minutes walking. Métro Brochant (ligne 13), 5 minutes walking  Métro Rome (L2), 8 min walking Station velib (bicycle for 8 euros a week) just down the flat.  Bus 66 (2 min walking) Wich bring you to Opéra in 15 min. Bus 31 (à 2 min walking ) Wich bring you to the arc de Triomphe and the Champs Élysées (en 10 min) or Montmartre (en 15 min) Gare SNCF pont cardinet	Great flat of 35m2 in the earth of Paris 
1723	L'appartement dispose d'un vrai lit dans une chambre, d'un canapé lit 2 places dans l'autre chambre et d'un lit d'appoint (canapé) dans le salon. C'est un 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et à l'isolation phonique parfaite. La rue est calme, avec un grand square idéal pour les enfants.	Grand 3 pièces type Loft. Son grand salon lumineux avec cuisine américaine et ses deux chambres vous accueilleront pour un séjour à deux pas de Montmartre ! Proche du métro, commerces, square, etc. Idéal pour un séjour entre amis ou en famille. L'appartement dispose d'un vrai lit dans une chambre, d'un canapé lit 2 places dans l'autre chambre et d'un lit d'appoint (canapé) dans le salon. C'est un 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et à l'isolation phonique parfaite. La rue est calme, avec un grand square idéal pour les enfants. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement et aux équipements disponibles (TV, WiFi, machine à laver, sèche linge, etc.) Le quartier dispose de tous types de commerces, tous accessibles à pied : boulangeries, boucherie, poissonnerie, fromager, traiteur, fleuriste, supermarché...  L’appartement est situé à 20 min. en voiture de l'aéroport de Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Le métro Guy Moquet (ligne 13) est à 1 minute à pied. Les bus 81 et 31 vous permetten
1724	The entrance, on the 4th floor with elevator, leads to the dining room overlooking a private garden. To the right-hand sideis the fully equiped kitchen (multifonctions owen, electric hob, microwave, fridge, dishwater, coffee expresso machine). Three steps above, you are in the living room overlooking a beautiful haussmanian avenue. There is also a toilet at this level.From the living room, stairs lead you to the upper floor where there is a study/office with a double bed, second bedroom with a single bed, a bathroom (shower and WC), annd the master suite in the loft aera, which contains large closets and a jacuzzi bath.	This beautiful 130m2 refurbished triplex loft, quiet and very bright, occupies the 4th & 5th floor of a 1930 building. It is located at 10mn walk from the Champs Elysées and 10mn by metro from Montmartre. It is bathed in light thanks to large windows The entrance, on the 4th floor with elevator, leads to the dining room overlooking a private garden. To the right-hand sideis the fully equiped kitchen (multifonctions owen, electric hob, microwave, fridge, dishwater, coffee expresso machine). Three steps above, you are in the living room overlooking a beautiful haussmanian avenue. There is also a toilet at this level.From the living room, stairs lead you to the upper floor where there is a study/office with a double bed, second bedroom with a single bed, a bathroom (shower and WC), annd the master suite in the loft aera, which contains large closets and a jacuzzi bath. This appartment is very quiet and fully equiped with all modern comfort such as washing-drying machine, fully equipped ki
1725	Welcome to a neighborhood of the 17th arrondissement,  In a small stone building, a magnificent two very bright rooms on the third floor that will delight all lovers of art and decoration.  The apartment was completely renovated in summer 2015.  The main room is the living room with open kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, stove, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, pots and pans, but also all the dishes and utensils necessary to receive food and cooking). There is also a lounge / TV area with new sofa bed with a real mattress inside, super comfortable. You will find a very functional table that turns into a dining table to maximize the space you can leave it open or close it as you like. The ottoman can become single bed. Possibility to sleep two in the living room. A large double bed with storage space in the room. Bed linen and towels are provided on arrival at the hotel as we use high quality white linen. Also provided toilet paper. Large wardrobe and chest of drawers available for 	Beautiful apartment located in a very nice part of Paris , close to the subway and the main Parisian spots . Two large rooms for 4 people full of charm and works of art. Fully equipped. Welcome to a neighborhood of the 17th arrondissement,  In a small stone building, a magnificent two very bright rooms on the third floor that will delight all lovers of art and decoration.  The apartment was completely renovated in summer 2015.  The main room is the living room with open kitchen fully equipped (fridge, freezer, stove, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, pots and pans, but also all the dishes and utensils necessary to receive food and cooking). There is also a lounge / TV area with new sofa bed with a real mattress inside, super comfortable. You will find a very functional table that turns into a dining table to maximize the space you can leave it open or close it as you like. The ottoman can become single bed. Possibility to sleep two in the living room. A large double bed with storage space
1726	Studio très lumineux (fenêtre dans le salon et dans la cuisine) 3 petites pièces séparées et indépendantes. Cuisine équipée. Draps et linge sont fournis. 	Vous serez  chez vous dans ce joli studio fraichement rénové et entièrement équipé. Il se trouve au rez-de-chaussée dans une petite rue calme. Internet, TV, machine à laver complètent l'équipement pour un confort optimal. Studio très lumineux (fenêtre dans le salon et dans la cuisine) 3 petites pièces séparées et indépendantes. Cuisine équipée. Draps et linge sont fournis. Quartier des Batignoles et son marché. Proche des Champs-Elysées (10 min) contact par mail ou téléphone Je vis à proximité et donc disponible. J'aime ce quartier pour son calme, sa proximité avec les commerces. Egalement bien desservi par le métro : vous êtes à 5 stations des Champs-Elysées. Métro ligne 13. Station Guy Moquet Pour les locations de 1 mois ou plus, la consommation en électricité est à charge du locataire (la facture lui sera présentée)
1727	Lovely  two rooms Flat  with very bright garden in a small typically Parisian building.  Apartment renovated completely during summer, 2015.  All the decoration was carefully chosen with the aim of proposing you a beautiful place for your holidays,  business trip  or weekends in Paris.  The idea was to make of the space a friendly and warm place but especially comfortable and functional. The garden is a big plus , it helps you to have breakfast, have a drink of wine between friends or in family.  The garden is fitted out by ashtrays, a big table and 4 chairs. Everything was thought so that you have everything you need. The main room is  the lounge with open-plan kitchen quite equipped (fridge, freezer, cooktops, coffee machine, kettle, to toast, pans and stoves, but also all the dishes for  cooking. You will also find a corner lounge and TV, There you have a confortable sofa bed for 2 persons. Big double bed in mezzanine with arrangements in the bedroom with an office(working) space.  	Lovely  two rooms Flat  with very bright garden in a small typically Parisian building.  Apartment renovated completely during summer, 2015.  All the decoration was carefully chosen with the aim of proposing you a beautiful place for your holidays,  business trip  or weekends in Paris.  The idea was to make of the space a friendly and warm place but especially comfortable and functional. The garden is a big plus , it helps you to have breakfast, have a drink of wine between friends or in family.  The garden is fitted out by ashtrays, a big table and 4 chairs. Everything was thought so that you have everything you need. The main room is  the lounge with open-plan kitchen quite equipped (fridge, freezer, cooktops, coffee machine, kettle, to toast, pans and stoves, but also all the dishes for  cooking. You will also find a corner lounge and TV, There you have a confortable sofa bed for 2 persons. Big double bed in mezzanine with arrangements in the bedroom with an office(working) space.  
1728	Ideal for 2 peoples, you will feel just fine in the apartment.	My apartment is ideal for 2 people, situated in Batignolles, Paris 17eme. Quiet because facing courtyard. Bright, because the 1st floor with open view. Functional and comfortable, as designed by architect. Cozy as well decorated. Ideal for 2 peoples, you will feel just fine in the apartment. Travelers have access to the entire apartment. Room with cozy bed 2 places, and storage cupboards available. Bathroom with walk-in shower, separated toilet. Fully equipped kitchen, opened living room with  decorative fireplace. Dishwasher, Washing machine, Wi-fi. Sheets, Towels, Soap, on arrival. Strictly no smoking. I speak French, English, Portuguese and Spanish to guide you during your stay in Paris. - Proximity shopping street, bar and restaurant, mini supermarket, nearest 2 minutes (rue de la Jonquière, rue Pouchet) - All shops, market, restaurants and bars in the heart of the Batignolles (rue Legendre, rue des Dames, Brochant street ...) - Very nice Parc des Batignolles at the end of the stre
1729		Agréable, salon de 40 m2, très lumineux. 5ème étage avec ascenseur.  Très bien situé dans le 17ème, à côté de l'Arc de Triomphe, des Champs Elysées. Tous types de commerces à proximité. Equipement complet. Cuisine très équipée. Minimum 4 nuits
1730		Welcome to my cosy little flat in central paris, just a few stops ways from the famous Champs Elysées and steps away from the beautiful Parc Monceau.  The flat is very close to several metro stations and located near the famous Levis stret market!
1731		Appartement design et chaleureux situé dans le 17ème arrondissement. A proximité des Champs-Elysées; de la Gare Saint Lazare et du quartier des Batignolles; 
1732		Chambre lit 2 places à Porte de clichy, Salle de bain avec baignoire. Ligne de métro 13, 5 stations de st-lazare, à 8 stations des champs élysées, à 15min en bus du Moulin rouge. Nombreux commerces, restaurants et cinéma dans le quartier.  Welcome !
1733	Vivez l'espace d'un moment dans un appartement qui a su conserver son authenticité 	"Appartement d'architecte mixant à la perfection modernité, couleurs vives et classicisme, sur 100 m2 à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe! Vivez l'espace d'un moment dans un appartement qui a su conserver son authenticité  Le 17ème est sans aucun doute l'arrondissement de Paris le plus éclectique. S'étendant de l'Arc de Triomphe avec ses Champs Elysées, à Montmartre et son Sacré Coeur, en passant par le parc Monceau et ses cafés typiques, vous pourrez goûter à différentes expériences et être au coeur de la vie parisienne! Au-delà de la possibilité de visiter de nombreux points touristiques à pied, ""Laugier"" est idéalement situé entre Pereire et Ternes, d'où vous pourrez aisément vous déplacer."
1734	Comfortable family suite of two bedrooms with private bathroom and toilets in a private family flat of 200 square meters. Breakfast possible on demand. 2 nights minimum. Beautiful area. Very central.	Suite of two rooms with one private bathroom. Ideal for families (4 people max). Center of Paris, very nice area. Suite de deux chambres avec une salle de bains privée et toilettes (4 personnes maximum). Centre de Paris, très bon quartier. Comfortable family suite of two bedrooms with private bathroom and toilets in a private family flat of 200 square meters. Breakfast possible on demand. 2 nights minimum. Beautiful area. Very central. The living room is open all day from 8 am to 8 pm.  Le salon est ouvert toute la journée de 8 heures du matin à 8 heures le soir. You will find maps of Paris and guides in your suite and Marianne will help you organize your days of visits. Vous aurez des cartes de Paris et des guides dans votre suite et Marianne vous aidera à organiser vos journées de visites à Paris. The area is beautiful and fantastic. You can walk 7 minutes to the Champs Elysées or 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower. The metro station Argentine (line 1) is at the end of the block and will
1735	Here is a beautiful apartment in Paris, next the famous place of Montmartre. Spacious, comfortable, bright and functional, this apartment will be ideal for a couple with children. You will find 2 rooms :  - A great one with a great two persons bed (Dim 160x200), with a form memory mattress ! - Another one ideal for little children :  with a little bed for baby (dimensions 80x135cm) and a baby crib.  - We also have a sofa bed in the living room with a sleeping good bill for two people. A bathroom with bath and shower. Opened kitchen with : fridge, freezer, dishwasher, microwaves, barkeeper(coffeepot), teapot, and oven. Laundry : washing machine and tumble-dryer. Situated in a district where it well makes it (Guy Moquet), with its restaurants, its supermarkets, scoops, fishmongers live, butchers... All the businesses are in the feet of the building, opened 7 / 7days, in the reasonable price lists ! Just a step from the subway Guy Moquet, you will be in some stations of the Champs-Elysées	Can sleep maximum 4 adults and 2 children : 1bedroom is for two adults, 1 for a little child and a baby, & we also have a sofa for two in the living room. BRIGHT, comfortable, LIFT, and possibility of GARAGE.  Nice neighborhood with lots of shops. Here is a beautiful apartment in Paris, next the famous place of Montmartre. Spacious, comfortable, bright and functional, this apartment will be ideal for a couple with children. You will find 2 rooms :  - A great one with a great two persons bed (Dim 160x200), with a form memory mattress ! - Another one ideal for little children :  with a little bed for baby (dimensions 80x135cm) and a baby crib.  - We also have a sofa bed in the living room with a sleeping good bill for two people. A bathroom with bath and shower. Opened kitchen with : fridge, freezer, dishwasher, microwaves, barkeeper(coffeepot), teapot, and oven. Laundry : washing machine and tumble-dryer. Situated in a district where it well makes it (Guy Moquet), with its restaurants, 
1736	1 living room with a balcony 1 bedroom with a comfortable 2 persons bed and another balcony 1 kitchen fully équiped (wash and dry machine) oven, microwave. 1 bathroom with little bathtub Toilets separated	"Flat with 2 rooms at 10 minutes walking from the ""Champs Elysées"". Individual bedroom (bed for 2 persons), kitchen fully equipped, living room with sofa (can be transformed in a 2 persons bed), bathroom and toilets separated. Quiet neighborhood. 1 living room with a balcony 1 bedroom with a comfortable 2 persons bed and another balcony 1 kitchen fully équiped (wash and dry machine) oven, microwave. 1 bathroom with little bathtub Toilets separated We can provide you some advices to visit the city. Close to all the facilities (supermarket, public transport...) 10 mins walking from ""Champs Elysées"" perfect place to visit all the city Subway N° 3 and 2 (this lignes cross all the city) Buses Close to the ring road - Porte de Champerret"
1737	Nice cosy flat in a safe and quiet area. Central, near all department stores, Montmartre close by and main places of interest of the capital. Public transport all close by.	Loue appartement clair, coloré et confortable. Quartier central de Paris, proches toutes commodités, quartiers touritiques et grands magasins. Tous transports à proximité. Très proche Gare ST Lazare Nice cosy flat in a safe and quiet area. Central, near all department stores, Montmartre close by and main places of interest of the capital. Public transport all close by.
1738	"Beautiful and fully renovated studio. Very centrally located, the apartment is only 15 minutes walking (through the magnificent old-fashioned Parc Monceau) from the Place de l'Etoile/Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. All main tourist attractions in Paris are easily accessible (generally within walking distance) and the metro station (only 150 meters away - 2 lines crossing) is very convenient to visit any place.    The neighborhood is highly appreciated by Parisians as it is between the charming and elegant ""quartier Monceau-Etoile"" and on the other side, the popular, trendy, and ""bourgeois-boheme"" style of Batignolles and Montmartre. The pedestrian area behind the apartment, rue de Levis, is also famous for its numerous restaurants, cafés, shops and open-air market. It has a typical atmosphere which made people call the neighborhood ""village Levis"". The closest metro and taxi station is only 100 meters away from the apartment and is a cross-road on line 2 and 3.  The apartment is on"	"Very charming and well located, the studio can accommodate up to 4 people. It is very close to a central metro station which gives you access to all the main tourist attractions which are also accessible by foot! You'll definitely enjoy it!   Beautiful and fully renovated studio. Very centrally located, the apartment is only 15 minutes walking (through the magnificent old-fashioned Parc Monceau) from the Place de l'Etoile/Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. All main tourist attractions in Paris are easily accessible (generally within walking distance) and the metro station (only 150 meters away - 2 lines crossing) is very convenient to visit any place.    The neighborhood is highly appreciated by Parisians as it is between the charming and elegant ""quartier Monceau-Etoile"" and on the other side, the popular, trendy, and ""bourgeois-boheme"" style of Batignolles and Montmartre. The pedestrian area behind the apartment, rue de Levis, is also famous for its numerous restaurants, cafés, shop"
1739	Really nice 1-bedroom apartment located in the 17th district of Paris, only 400 metres far from the Palais des Congrès and near the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is fully furnished and recently renovated.  Nicely decorated, it is an ideal accommodation to feel like home while being in Paris. Really comfortable, you will enjoy resting after an intense day in Paris. The apartment is also near the porte Maillot with easy access to bus transfer to the Airports (Paris-Beauvais, and Charles de Gaulle Airport). 	Really nice 1-bedroom apartment located in the 17th district of Paris, only 400 metres far from the Palais des Congrès and near the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is fully furnished and recently renovated.  Nicely decorated, it is an ideal accommodation to feel like home while being in Paris. Really comfortable, you will enjoy resting after an intense day in Paris. The apartment is also near the porte Maillot with easy access to bus transfer to the Airports (Paris-Beauvais, and Charles de Gaulle Airport). Arc de Triomphe Champs-Elysées Palais des Congrès Metro Line 1, 2 RER C Bus Shuttle for Roissy and Paris - Charles de Gaulle airport. Paris-Beauvais Airport.
1740		Une chambre privative dans un appartement 3 pièces, 70m2: canapé-lit 2 places, et rangements. Côté cour, donc très calme. Propre, meublé. Salle de bain et cuisine à partager.  4àme étage sans ascenseur, Paris 17eme, métro Pereire, proche commerces.
1741		Grand appartement Parisien lumineux 2 chambres doubles  Grand living avec cuisine ouverte  1 salle de bain  Proche métro Porte Maillot et 15 min à pied Arc de Triomphe Proche commerces Metro ligne 1 - Porte Maillot
1742	It is composed with: 2 double beds (One real + one sofa bed), one fitted kitchen, one shower with a watering place in the same space where there is my kitchen. Toilet is on the landing shared by my appartment and another (Very clean). One TV. No elevator, no internet and at the 4th floor.	My appartment is small but available for 4 person if you want to be in the best
1743	Le logement est composé d'un salon - cuisine fonctionnels et charmants et d'une grande mezzanine avec un coin sommeil (lit de 2m*2m) et un espace détente / lecture.  La salle de bain comprend une baignoire à remous et un chauffe-serviettes. 	Endroit de charme dans un quartier de rêve ! A deux pas de l'arc de Triomphe.  Dans un style chalet en plein Paris.  Mini-loft idéalement placé pour découvrir Paris,   l'idéal pour un couple. Comfort et originalité dans ce mini-loft atypique ! Le logement est composé d'un salon - cuisine fonctionnels et charmants et d'une grande mezzanine avec un coin sommeil (lit de 2m*2m) et un espace détente / lecture.  La salle de bain comprend une baignoire à remous et un chauffe-serviettes. Le mini-loft est situé dans une rue piétonne avec un marché très réputé et à proximité immédiate de plusieurs supérettes.  On trouve dans cette rue également des cafés élégants et des restaurants chics.  Il est à proximité immédiate de zones de shopping (avenue des Ternes / champs Elysées) et de détente (Parc Monceau).  on est très rapidement dans les quartiers de Montmartre également, ce qui est très agréable. Dans un quartier de rêve à deux pas de l'arc de triomphe, du parc Monceau et des lignes de métro 2 (
1744	Appartement équipé avec PlayStation 4 (FIFA 15 et Call of Duty), chaîne HiFi, micro-ondes et grill pain. Apartment equipped with PlayStation 4, music radio device, microwave and toaster.	Typic appartement Parisien bien localisé, proche de la réputée place Pereire.  Quartier chic et vivant à seulement 15-20 minutes à pieds de la fameuse Avenue Champs Elysées.  Un accès facile vous y proposé avec la ligne 3 du métro (2 minutes de marche)  et de nombreux bus. Enjoy Paris! Appartement équipé avec PlayStation 4 (FIFA 15 et Call of Duty), chaîne HiFi, micro-ondes et grill pain. Apartment equipped with PlayStation 4, music radio device, microwave and toaster.
1745		Venez séjournez chez nous, dans ce 3/4 pièces fraichement rénové. A votre arrivée, vous ne manquerez de rien : draps, serviettes, chauffage, wifi, 2 chambres avec ses 2 salles de bains.
1746	The Flat is very comfortable for up to 6 people; with 3 bedroom and 3 double bed. 2 bathrooms at the upper level. Very quiet and bright duplex.	Beautiful Duplex close to  Champs Elysées and Palais des Congres 10mn . A large living room with an american kitchen (fully equipped). 2 Bedrooms and 2 separate bathrooms plus a Convertible bed in a separate room. Could accomodate for up to 6 people The Flat is very comfortable for up to 6 people; with 3 bedroom and 3 double bed. 2 bathrooms at the upper level. Very quiet and bright duplex. Very easy access with subway just 2 minutes walk away. Champs elysées 10-12 mn Walk, all the famous museums and parisian area very know (Saint Germain, Le Marais). We are reachable by phone and SMS. The internet access in the falt allows you to use the wifi and contact me by phone also. Famous market around for fresh fruits and bred for a great bruch or breakfast. Many nice cafés on place Perreire with happy hours. Ballade sur les Champs Elysées 10-15 mn à pied. Accès facile aux muséesparisiens et à tous les quartiers Parisiens  (Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Le Marais) . Accès aux principaux axes au
1747	The apartment is located at walking distance of “Champs Elysées”. In the 17th district, one of the upper class areas in Paris, most of the building are of the Haussmanian style. It is close not only to tourist attractions like the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées, but also to super markets and fresh markets. There is a fresh market open all day at 50 m of the apt. While it is very conveniently situated, the apartment is very calm. The apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a stone building with an elevator. It has wooden floors, plenty of windows and is modernly decorated. The owner has played with a black and white color scheme, giving the apartment a very chic look. On entering the apartment, one faces a window in front and one has a corridor on the left. Down the corridor one has the bathroom on right and the bedroom straight ahead. Right before the bedroom, one is welcomed into the living room. This living-room is organized to comfortably accommodate 4 people, including sl	The apt was totally redesigned in 2014. Really perfect. A fresh market is nearby. “Champs Elysées” are at walking distance. Location is one of the upper class areas in Paris. Visit the arc de triomphe close by & shop at Vuitton, Guerlain , Cartier.. The apartment is located at walking distance of “Champs Elysées”. In the 17th district, one of the upper class areas in Paris, most of the building are of the Haussmanian style. It is close not only to tourist attractions like the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées, but also to super markets and fresh markets. There is a fresh market open all day at 50 m of the apt. While it is very conveniently situated, the apartment is very calm. The apartment is situated on the 1st floor of a stone building with an elevator. It has wooden floors, plenty of windows and is modernly decorated. The owner has played with a black and white color scheme, giving the apartment a very chic look. On entering the apartment, one faces a window in front and one h
1748	Appartement de 42 m2, dans immeuble sécurisé avec concierge et digicode. Vue sur cour. 5éme étage avec ascenseur. 	Appartement spacieux et lumineux situé au parc Monceau, à 5 minutes des Champs Elysées. Grande pièce à vivre avec un canapé-lit,  Chambre avec grand lit, Cuisine indépendante et équipée,  Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave-linge,  TV / Wiffi  Appartement de 42 m2, dans immeuble sécurisé avec concierge et digicode. Vue sur cour. 5éme étage avec ascenseur. Ensemble des équipements de l'appartement, (Four, micro ondes,  lave-linge, TV; Wifi..)  Par courriel et téléphone. Cartier calme et central, A proximité de magasins de luxe, de commerces et de marchés (poncelet et levis). Bus et métro  Une surprise de bienvenue vous sera offerte 
1749		Appartement 2 pièces de 37m2 proche Montmartre, Batignolles... Calme, une chambre avec lit double, salon cosy, salle de bain et cuisine équipée. Proximité : Restaurant, Bars, supermarché, tabac... Métro Guy Môquet ligne 13
1750	"Paris 17e - 3, boulevard Berthier, immeuble haussmannien fin 19e.  Métro ""Porte-de-Clichy"" station au pied de l'immeuble et station RER C à quelques mètres.  Exposition sud côté nouveau parc Clichy-Batignolles, en cours d'aménagement, futur  ""Parc Martin-Luther-King"", avec accès au parc par l'avenue de Clichy ou le 13, boulevard Berthier. Studio très agréable. Pièce principale avec petit balcon plein sud donnant sur le parc Martin-Luther-King, avec vue dégagée sur la Tour-Eiffel. Vraie cuisine habitable côté cour, aménagée : frigo, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson en vitrocéramique, hotte aspirante à évacuation directe, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, climatiseur.  Fenêtres double vitrage et parquet neufs, électricité neuve.  Salle d'eau avec wc broyeur silencieux, douche avec porte en verre.  Banquette BZ couchage (website hidden) écran plat 56 cm avec lecteur DVD intégré.   Aspirateur, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain, vaisselle, couverts, ustensiles de cuisine, etc.  Chauffage par 3 co"	"Paris 17e - 3, boulevard Berthier, immeuble haussmannien fin 19e.  Métro ""Porte-de-Clichy"" station au pied de l'immeuble et station RER C à quelques mètres.  Exposition sud côté nouveau parc Clichy-Batignolles, en cours d'aménagement, futur  ""Parc Martin-Luther-King"", avec accès au parc par l'avenue de Clichy ou le 13, boulevard Berthier. Studio très agréable. Pièce principale avec petit balcon plein sud donnant sur le parc Martin-Luther-King, avec vue dégagée sur la Tour-Eiffel. Vraie cuisine habitable côté cour, aménagée : frigo, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson en vitrocéramique, hotte aspirante à évacuation directe, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, climatiseur.  Fenêtres double vitrage et parquet neufs, électricité neuve.  Salle d'eau avec wc broyeur silencieux, douche avec porte en verre.  Banquette BZ couchage (website hidden) écran plat 56 cm avec lecteur DVD intégré.   Aspirateur, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain, vaisselle, couverts, ustensiles de cuisine, etc.  Chauffage par 3 co"
1751	You’re looking for a cheap room in a true Parisian flat to have a delighted trip? You are in the good way! This comfortable flat is located in the center of the “Batignolles” area, which used to be a typical Parisian village. This 46m² (495 ft²) apartment is located at the first floor (there is an elevator) of a true stone Parisian building. You will find inside, a full equipped kitchen, a spacious bedroom and a separated bathroom with water closet. Bed linens, towels and cleaning fees are included. Also, for your convenience a laptop is available with a free Wireless connection. The room (14m²) has a direct access to the bathroom and to the toilet. You will have your intimacy during your stay. About the neighborhood, the “Batignolles” used to be a village with plenty typical food market and pedestrian streets to visit. A must to see (out of standard tourist way), the “Levis” street with a Parisian market, the “Sainte Marie des Batignolles” church, the famous organic farmer market ever	You’re looking for a cheap room in a true Parisian flat to have a delighted trip? You are in the good way! This comfortable flat is located in the center of the “Batignolles” area, which used to be a typical Parisian village. This 46m² (495 ft²) apartment is located at the first floor (there is an elevator) of a true stone Parisian building. You will find inside, a full equipped kitchen, a spacious bedroom and a separated bathroom with water closet. Bed linens, towels and cleaning fees are included. Also, for your convenience a laptop is available with a free Wireless connection. The room (14m²) has a direct access to the bathroom and to the toilet. You will have your intimacy during your stay. About the neighborhood, the “Batignolles” used to be a village with plenty typical food market and pedestrian streets to visit. A must to see (out of standard tourist way), the “Levis” street with a Parisian market, the “Sainte Marie des Batignolles” church, the famous organic farmer market ever
1752	Beautiful appartement very spacious 200m2 , very weel located - close to the typical Levis market and also Parc Monceau ( green place) and Champs Elysées. Full furnished, Wifi, TV, washer,  .. Typical parisian family appartement very attractive and charming, you will feel like at home in our place. This is not just a flat to rent with no soul but it is our flat to rent with all what makes the difference between our place and an hotel or a professional rental flat. Very lively place with many restaurants and shops, you will sure like it like everyone who stay here ! Tubestation : VILLIERS ( 2-3 lines) To see close : Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Grand Palais, Champ de Mars, Invalides, Place de la Concorde, Madeleine, Tour Eiffel ..	Beautiful appartement very spacious 200m2 , very weel located - close to the typical Levis market and also Parc Monceau ( green place) and Champs Elysées. Full furnished, Wifi, TV, washer,  .. Typical parisian family appartement very attractive and charming, you will feel like at home in our place. This is not just a flat to rent with no soul but it is our flat to rent with all what makes the difference between our place and an hotel or a professional rental flat. Very lively place with many restaurants and shops, you will sure like it like everyone who stay here ! Tubestation : VILLIERS ( 2-3 lines) To see close : Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Grand Palais, Champ de Mars, Invalides, Place de la Concorde, Madeleine, Tour Eiffel .. The guests will have access to the entire flat commodities ( TV, Washer, Wii, ketle and so on) You have all the different shops for food in the rue Lévis ( typical parisian street), few meters from the house Tube Station : Villiers ( 2-3) or Malesherbes ( 
1753	L’appartement est organisé comme un loft. En entrant, vous tomberez sur un très grand salon et sa cuisine tout équipée, ouverte. Les deux chambres sont dans la continuité, parfaitement isolées du reste, avec la salle de bains à côté. En bas, se trouve un salon cozy avec un grand canapé pour regarder un film, et une vitre au-dessus qui donne sur le salon. Un côté de l’appartement donne directement sur la rue ce qui est plutôt utile, et grâce aux double-fenêtres opaques, on est parfaitement isolés.	L’appartement se trouve dans un quartier animé, entre les Batignolles et Montmartre. C’est l’endroit parfait pour s’imprégner d’une atmosphère totalement parisienne.  Vous trouverez des supermarchés et produits frais directement dans notre rue, mais aussi des bars et restaurants tout autour, ainsi que des musées.
1754	"Enjoy the pleasure of real parisian life, away from the crowd and close to the main places to see in town.  Situated in the ""triangle"" of Champs Elysées  (15 mn walk from the Arc de Triomphe), Batignolles and Ternes, this beautiful 3 bedrooms apartment is an ideal location to visit Paris while staying  in a peaceful place.  Built in the 19th century in a typical Haussman style, the building has received  through the time a nice Art nouveau style and is decorated with a mix of 50's design and more modern design.  The apartment is on the 1st floor of a 5 floors building and features :  -1 bedroom with double bed, 1 bedroom with 2 single beds for children, 1 bedroom with 1 single bed for child. -1 sofa bed for additional sleep -Fully equipped kitchen with breakfast table and alla electronic equipment  - WIfI and access to a mac big screen format - tv, dvd Direct connection with metro and bus Supermarket few steps on the same street Well known shopping streets of Courcelles and Ternes near"	"Enjoy the pleasure of real parisian life, away from the crowd and close to the main places to see in town.  Situated in the ""triangle"" of Champs Elysées  (15 mn walk from the Arc de Triomphe), Batignolles and Ternes, this beautiful 3 bedrooms apartment is an ideal location to visit Paris while staying  in a peaceful place.  Built in the 19th century in a typical Haussman style, the building has received  through the time a nice Art nouveau style and is decorated with a mix of 50's design and more modern design.  The apartment is on the 1st floor of a 5 floors building and features :  -1 bedroom with double bed, 1 bedroom with 2 single beds for children, 1 bedroom with 1 single bed for child. -1 sofa bed for additional sleep -Fully equipped kitchen with breakfast table and alla electronic equipment  - WIfI and access to a mac big screen format - tv, dvd Direct connection with metro and bus Supermarket few steps on the same street Well known shopping streets of Courcelles and Ternes near"
1755		        Grande chambre de 19m2, lumineuse avec accès privé sur une salle de bain ( baignoire, douche et toilettes) dans un appartement familial traditionnel. Deux lits simples ou un lit double. Petit déjeuner proposé dans la salle à manger.          Avec plaisir si vous le souhaitez. Les 3 marchés très animés, la proximité avec l'avenue des Ternes où il y a de nombreux commerces et la Fnac. Les très nombreux transports en commun. Le parc Monceau à 10mn à pied Jardins de roses sur la place et boulevard Pereire.  Restaurants sur la place de toutes catégories!  Arc de Triomphe 10mn en bus  Musée Jacquemart André RER C, métro ligne 3, bus n°92 , n°93 ,n°84 ,n°341 et taxis à 30m. Roissy bus à une station de RER et Orly bus à la station Opéra direct par ligne3.
1756	Jardins de roses sur la place et le boulevard Péreire. Restaurants sur la place de toutes catégories! 	Chambre rénovée, literie excellente, grande table, lampe d'architecte. Douche et lavabo privatifs dans une salle de bain où se trouvent aussi le lave-linge et le séchoir de la maison, toilettes séparées. Avec plaisir si vous le souhaitez. Les 3 marchés très animés, la proximité avec l'avenue des Ternes où il y a de nombreux commerces et la Fnac. Les très nombreux transports en commun. Le parc Monceau à 10mn à pied. Jardins de roses sur la place et le boulevard Péreire. Restaurants sur la place de toutes catégories! Musée Jacquemart André. Arc de Triomphe 10mn en bus, RER C, métro ligne 3, bus n°92 , n°93 ,n°84 ,n°341, PC1 et taxis à 30m. Roissy bus à une station de RER et 3 arrêts de PC1. Orly bus à la station Opéra direct par ligne3. Nous mettons à votre disposition sur place des guides et plans de Paris
1757	A brand new studio, perfect place to stay when exploring the treasures of Paris. It's very quiet and has a marvellous view on a little garden.  It provides all the confort you need to enjoy your stay:  -a big bright room with a great convertible for 2, table and chairs, flat screen, full Internet connexion (I will give you the access codes) - a small but fully equiped  kitchen - and a brand new bathroom.  You are perfectly located in the center of paris, 5 minutes walk from the Champs elysées and Arc de Triomphe, and close to a lot of subway lines which leads you everywhere in Paris.  You can take the flat at 1pm and leave the flat before 11 am. Enjoy! 	A brand new studio, perfect place to stay when exploring the treasures of Paris. It's very quiet and has a marvellous view on a little garden.  It provides all the confort you need to enjoy your stay:  -a big bright room with a great convertible for 2, table and chairs, flat screen, full Internet connexion (I will give you the access codes) - a small but fully equiped  kitchen - and a brand new bathroom.  You are perfectly located in the center of paris, 5 minutes walk from the Champs elysées and Arc de Triomphe, and close to a lot of subway lines which leads you everywhere in Paris.  You can take the flat at 1pm and leave the flat before 11 am. Enjoy! 
1758		Studio in Porte Maillot (Paris 17),  fully equipped: - internet, TV,  - fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a washing machine,  - twin bed ideal location: 4 stops to la Défense, 3 stops to Champs Elysées (20 min walk), 20min to opéra and 20min to le Marais bright and confortable, located in a safe and pleasant neighborhood 2nd floor in a quiet building
1759	C'est un magnifique appartement. Vous pourrez profiter de tous les services, d'une chambre lit double et d'un canapé lit convertible dans le salon. Le canapé est tres facilement convertible et confortable. L'appartement est extrêmement silencieux 	A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet'  A very charming and beautiful apartment very well located. There is a living room and a separated bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located in a very secured area. It is the street of the 'marché Poncelet' You will find an open market in the street and grocery stores. The apartment is very quite, 1st floor and elevator. There is a converitble sofas for 2 people in the living room and a queen size bed in the bedroom.  High speed internet, TV, wifi, laundry machine.  Airport shuttle, bus and metro Minimum are easily accessible from the apartment (150 meters).  Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe are 200m away from the apartment. Metro Porte des Ternes Metro Charles de Gaulle Etoile
1760	Appartement duplex au 1er et 2nd étage, au calme dans un quartier animé et très bien desservi	Appartement duplex au 1er et 2nd étage, au calme dans un quartier animé et très bien desservi Les commerces de l'avenue des Ternes La proximité avec les Champs Elysées pour les cinémas et celle du Bois de Boulogne pour la verdure Métro ligne 1 : Porte Maillot RER C : Porte Maillot Navette Air France pour CDG Navette Ryan Air pour l'aéroport de Beauvais Appartement à proximité des Champs Elysées et du Bois de Boulogne, au pied du Palais des Congrès
1761	Il s'agit d'un très grand appartement situé à deux pas des champs élysées et de l'arc de triomphe. Il s'agit d'une grande colocation de cinq personnes comprenant :  - une cuisine - une salle de bain  - une buanderie avec lave-linge - cinq chambres  - un balcon  - et un grand salon	Nice bedroom in a large appartment shared with 4 other peoples.
1762	A 10 min de l'avenue des  Elysées et Trocadéro, close to bars and shops, restaurants  , Metro ligne 1 Porte Maillot in 5 min  	'  Charming studio in Paris 17th, from 10 to square contains a catchenette, shower, clape clip, very bright fridge, toilet on the landing  \ N \ n  10 minutes \ 's Elysées Avenue and the Trocadéro, close to bars and shops, restaurants, Metro Line 1 Porte Maillot in 5 minutes  \ N \ n  Located in a former residence in the 5 th floor without elevator  '
1763	Appartement spacieux de 72 m2 dans un bel immeuble art déco fraichement rénové Au 4eme étage, bel exposition, calme Grande salle à manger et salon (avec un lit double) et une grande chambre avec 2 lits séparés pouvant être réunis Digicole + concierge	Lovely apartment for 4 people At 5 minute by car and 10-minute walk from the Champs Elysees and the Congress Palace Ideal for families or business.
1764	"THE PLACE - Flat situated on the 1st floor - 1 minute from the metro station ""Porte Maillot"". It enables you to reach most of the touristic places: Musée du Louvre, Concorde, le Marais, Madeleine, Châtelet, Grand Palais). - 10 min on foot from the “Arc de Triomphe” and the “Champs-Elysées”. - A Velib station is situated at the foot of the building. This is the perfect location to spend a nice weekend in Paris ! THE BEDROOMS - 2 large bedrooms with double bed - Sheets provided THE LIVING ROOM - Very bright - TV, video games and Hi-fi - Comfy sofa bed THE KITCHEN - Hot plate, oven, fridge, washing machine, coffee machine. - Table with 4 chairs THE BATHROOM - Bathtub, sink, toilets - Towels provided"	"A 2 bedrooms appartment, 10 mins on foot from the Champs-Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. Very quiet flat orverlooking on 2 courtyards. Old charming building, one minute from the metro station ""Porte Maillot"" (Metro 1 and RER C). THE PLACE - Flat situated on the 1st floor - 1 minute from the metro station ""Porte Maillot"". It enables you to reach most of the touristic places: Musée du Louvre, Concorde, le Marais, Madeleine, Châtelet, Grand Palais). - 10 min on foot from the “Arc de Triomphe” and the “Champs-Elysées”. - A Velib station is situated at the foot of the building. This is the perfect location to spend a nice weekend in Paris ! THE BEDROOMS - 2 large bedrooms with double bed - Sheets provided THE LIVING ROOM - Very bright - TV, video games and Hi-fi - Comfy sofa bed THE KITCHEN - Hot plate, oven, fridge, washing machine, coffee machine. - Table with 4 chairs THE BATHROOM - Bathtub, sink, toilets - Towels provided You will have access to all the equipment and all the rooms of the f"
1765		Chambre, 13 m2 proche de toute les commodités,à pied du metro Porte Maillot et du terminal de bus Aéroport Paris Beauvais. Chambre meublée composé, d'une cuisine ouverte, balcon et une salle de bain  WC indépendant. 49 euros par jour et par personne.
1766	Luxurious apartment of 45m2. The apartment has a large living room and a large bedroom . Ideal for a holiday or for a business trip. 4 people can be accommodated comfortably (a double bed and a large sofa bed for 2 people very comfortable).	Luxury apartment located in the most fashionable district of Paris. Ideal location, 5min by walk from the Champs Elysées and 2min from the Place de l'Etoile. Friendly neighborhood in the center of nightlife and tourists attractions. Luxurious apartment of 45m2. The apartment has a large living room and a large bedroom . Ideal for a holiday or for a business trip. 4 people can be accommodated comfortably (a double bed and a large sofa bed for 2 people very comfortable). Excellent Location. the apartment is located in the heart of Paris:  - 2 min walk from the Arc de Triomphe  - 5 min walk from the Champs-Elysees  - 5 min walk from the Palais des Congrès  - 10 minutes from the Louvre -10 minutes from the Eiffeil Tower In the heart of the Etoile District, the apartment has a fantastic location near the Champs Elysées (5 minutes walk). The neighborhood is posh and is both quiet and warm Metro :  - Charles de Gaulle Etoile : ligne 1, 2, 6, RER A  - Argentine, Porte Maillot : ligne 1  - Tern
1767		Superb 55sqm one-bedroom apt for up to 4 guests, rue Poncelet, in a pedestrian street, near the Champs Elysées and with great metro access to the whole city! The apartment is large, modern, and comes fully equipped.  The perfect place for a family!
1768	Very well equipped apartment. Excellent location: Metro Porte de Champeret  with many bus line.	2 room flat of 35 square metter with a bedroom and a very comfortable bed. Possibility to accommodate 1-2 extra persons  in the sofa in the lounge. Large bathroom with tub. Fully equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, internet TV. Very well equipped apartment. Excellent location: Metro Porte de Champeret  with many bus line. You will have access to the entire accommodation and the various equipment. I will be available by phone / mail all along your stay. Limit 17th / Levallois Perret: - Via bus and metro : Champs Elysées in 10 minutes / Montmartre 20min .. - On foot you can go to Levallois where there are many restaurants ( I can give you some advise) and also the new So-Ouest Mall (10min) The apartment is very well located: 1 minute from the Porte de Champerret (line 3) and many bus.
1769	Proximity is key for me and this is why my flat is located 5 minutes walking distance from my work place (Étoile).  This is not a studio, and with one living area and one room (+toilets & shower indeed), you will have space to live your life freely and support you boyfriend / girlfriend / friends !	Because of a trip in Argentina from February to April, I offer you my nice and confortable appartement (35m2) located at the heat of Paris - 300m from the well-know Place de L'Étoile. All-equipped (I live in it on a daily basis when not traveling). 
1770	Petit nid douillet pour couple en vacance a paris	Appartement dans le 17eme a paris cuisine tout équiper appartement moderne chambre avec lit double... 15 min a pied des Champs Elysées et 5 min en bus en bas de la maison.. So ouest centre commerciale a proximité 5 min a pied Petit nid douillet pour couple en vacance a paris Tv,wifi, Possible tout dépend des voyageurs je me tien a l'heur disposition  pour les bonnes adresse parisien et service divers ... Le calme et la joie de vivre En transport  métro: Pereire ou porte de Champerret,ligne 3 en voiture périphérique sortie porte de Champerret... En voiture suivre le GPS... Je me rien a disposition pour toute question !!
1771	Studio cosy et calme	Studio au rez de chaussée qui donne sur une petite cour intérieure donc très calme. Très pratique pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Equipé d'une machine à laver. Proche du métro La Fourche et de toutes commodités. Idéal pour une semaine touristique sur Paris ! Studio cosy et calme Quartier sympa. Super U, Monoprix et Dia à proximité. A quelques stations de Pigalle, Montmartre, les Champs Elysées Ligne 13 et 2 pour le métro Plusieurs Bus dont les ligne (phone number hidden)
1772	Typically Parisian apartment: Living room just renovated, a  fully equipped independent kitchen.  A comfortable Bedroom with a bed of 140x200 - Bathroom - Toilet The flat has parquet, located at the first floor in a lovely flowered private courtyard. Very quiet and comfortable, fully renovated. I am a pleasant host and will be happy to welcome you in a clean apartment. I leave you some coffee, tea and chocolate, clean bed sheets and and clean towels. A SOFA BED in the living room can accommodate 2 people (140x200). The apartment is perfect for 4 people: 2 in the bed of the bedroom and 2 on the sofa bed in the lounge.	        The apartment is Located in the trendy neighborhood of Batignolles / sopy in the 17th of Paris at the foot of montmartre , this apartment of 36m2 is perfect for tourists seeking a stay in a typical Parisian apartment.       Typically Parisian apartment: Living room just renovated, a  fully equipped independent kitchen.  A comfortable Bedroom with a bed of 140x200 - Bathroom - Toilet The flat has parquet, located at the first floor in a lovely flowered private courtyard. Very quiet and comfortable, fully renovated. I am a pleasant host and will be happy to welcome you in a clean apartment. I leave you some coffee, tea and chocolate, clean bed sheets and and clean towels. A SOFA BED in the living room can accommodate 2 people (140x200). The apartment is perfect for 4 people: 2 in the bed of the bedroom and 2 on the sofa bed in the lounge. At the foot of Montmartre and 30 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe, you will also have direct access by metro (line 13 and line 2) with stations
1773	Me and my wife Laureline love to make our home a beautiful, warm welcoming place so we also love to welcome people to share that with them. When we're not there, we rent the whole apartment.	A two bedroom apartment, situated in the old Parisian neighborhood of Les Batignolles with its many bars, shops & restaurants. From there you're 10 minutes from Montmartre and can access most touristic attractions quickly taking the bus or metro.  Me and my wife Laureline love to make our home a beautiful, warm welcoming place so we also love to welcome people to share that with them. When we're not there, we rent the whole apartment. Both rooms have a real twin bed waiting for you, but you can also access our fully equipped kitchen, use the dishwasher and the washing machine, spend some time in the living room and of course use the bathroom. We can also give you access to a safe bike garage. When we're away we always make sure that we're easy to reach by phone and mail, and we also make sure someone close or a neighbor will be available in case you have any problem. Les Batignolles is like a small village in the middle of Paris. There are shops, restaurants and many great bars around.
1774	Une livraison de repas à domicile peut être effectuée, à la demande des voyageurs	Très joli studio de 38 mètre carré, au calme, doté d'un agréable balcon ensoleillé tout au long de la journée.  Une télévision avec le câble et internet Un grand canapé lit pour 2 Une cuisine américaine  A deux pas du Palais des congrès Une livraison de repas à domicile peut être effectuée, à la demande des voyageurs Je serai à la disposition des voyageurs des que besoin ou nécessaire Quartier vivant et agréable Beaucoup de commerçants Restaurants de quartier Proche du Palais des congrès, des Champs Elysées Métro ligne 3 Porte de Champerret Métro Porte Maillot PC
1775	Sur 3 étages, la maison comprend le salon et la cuisine ouverte au rez-de chaussée, salle de bain avec baignoire et 2 chambres au 1er étage et la buanderie au sous-sol. La chambre disponible est une vaste pièce lumineuse en mezzanine avec un espace détente. L'appartement dispose de toutes les commodités : accès sécurisé, tout équipé avec dressing, lave-linge et sèche-linge, cuisine entièrement équipée (machine de café Nespresso avec capsules à disposition, bouilloire, grille-pain), linge de maison fourni (draps, serviettes de toilettes, …), Internet Wifi, TV, sans oublier le barbecue où vous pourrez vous détendre sur la grande terrasse privative, au milieu de la verdure sur les transats ! Le voisinage est très sympathique et très calme.	Ravissante maison ensoleillée avec grande terrasse sur cour intérieure refaite à neuf. Une vraie bouffée d'air en plein centre de la capitale idéale pour se reposer après une journée intense ! Sur 3 étages, la maison comprend le salon et la cuisine ouverte au rez-de chaussée, salle de bain avec baignoire et 2 chambres au 1er étage et la buanderie au sous-sol. La chambre disponible est une vaste pièce lumineuse en mezzanine avec un espace détente. L'appartement dispose de toutes les commodités : accès sécurisé, tout équipé avec dressing, lave-linge et sèche-linge, cuisine entièrement équipée (machine de café Nespresso avec capsules à disposition, bouilloire, grille-pain), linge de maison fourni (draps, serviettes de toilettes, …), Internet Wifi, TV, sans oublier le barbecue où vous pourrez vous détendre sur la grande terrasse privative, au milieu de la verdure sur les transats ! Le voisinage est très sympathique et très calme. Au cœur de Paris, vous pouvez accéder aux points névralgique
1776	The apartment has a lot of light and is very pleasant. It has a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a big bathroom. It is modernly furnished and is fully equipped. It is next to a square which hosts a nice market every Sunday. The apartment is 5 minutes away from the metro line 1, which takes you to the champs elysées in 5 min, and the Louvre in 10 min.	Decorated in a modern way, this fully equipped one bedroom apartment has plenty of light and charm. The apartment is in a lovely neighborhood and is 5 min walk from Porte Maillot and 2 metro stops from the Arc de Triumph The apartment has a lot of light and is very pleasant. It has a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a big bathroom. It is modernly furnished and is fully equipped. It is next to a square which hosts a nice market every Sunday. The apartment is 5 minutes away from the metro line 1, which takes you to the champs elysées in 5 min, and the Louvre in 10 min. It is next to a square which hosts a nice market every Sunday. It is in the shopping street that has all the cool Parisian shops like Maje, Sandro, and American Retro.
1777	Dear guests,  Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. I would like to introduce you this lovely flat located nearby arch of triumph on rue Poncelet. Rue poncelet is very famous as a food market in Paris and this area has everything you would love to have in Paris. Closest métro is Terne N2 / Charles de gaule étoile N 1, 2, 6 and RER A. Bus (phone number hidden) Many shop are nearby the flat : Darty, Fnac, all different food store, clothes... the flat is located on 3rd floor (without elevator). Fully equipped as my all other flats on my list: Wifi, telephone, TV, DVD, Kitchen waves, linens,bedsheets, towels, etc... Washer, dryer, heater, Airconditioner, bidet, coffee machine, etc... Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful i	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear guests,  Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. I would like to introduce you this lovely flat located nearby arch of triumph on rue Poncelet. Rue poncelet is very famous as a food market in Paris and this area has everything you would love to have in Paris. Closest métro is Terne N2 / Charles de gaule étoile N 1, 2, 6 and RER A. Bus (phone number hidden) Many shop are nearby the flat : Darty, Fnac, all different food store, clothes... the flat is located on 3rd floor (without elevator). Fully equipped as my all other flats on my list: Wifi, telephone, TV, DVD, Kitchen waves, linens,bedsheets, towels, etc... Washer, dryer, heater, 
1778	SITUATION ET QUARTIER : Courcelle - Ternes - Pereire - rue Théodore de Banville 75017  près du parc Monceau, en descendant l'arc de triomphe par l'avenue de Wagram. 6ème étage par escalier de service SANS ASCENSEUR  immeuble Haussmannien  de grand standing , avec gardien, et digicode Chauffage par l’immeuble. Production d'eau chaude par Cumulus électrique 30 litres.    L'appartement se compose : - d'une pièce principale avec une fenêtre donnant sur une petite courette - d’un lit 1 place 90 x 200, d’une grande armoire de rangement avec étagères et tiroirs, d’étagères murales,TV écran plat, internet wifi - cuisinette équipée d’un micro onde,plaque électrique,  réfrigérateur, vaisselle,linge de cuisine,rangements  - d'une grande douche avec  paroi vitrée, WC à l'intérieur -2 ème WC à l'extèrieur  - produits ménagers   	studio ,petite surface mais tout y est. douche et WC à l'intérieur  Propre et tout neuf,.entièrement équipé : Four micro onde, cafetière, bouilloire,vaisselle ,draps, serviettes, sèche cheveux, savon, shampoing… . TV, internet wifi GRATUIT SITUATION ET QUARTIER : Courcelle - Ternes - Pereire - rue Théodore de Banville 75017  près du parc Monceau, en descendant l'arc de triomphe par l'avenue de Wagram. 6ème étage par escalier de service SANS ASCENSEUR  immeuble Haussmannien  de grand standing , avec gardien, et digicode Chauffage par l’immeuble. Production d'eau chaude par Cumulus électrique 30 litres.    L'appartement se compose : - d'une pièce principale avec une fenêtre donnant sur une petite courette - d’un lit 1 place 90 x 200, d’une grande armoire de rangement avec étagères et tiroirs, d’étagères murales,TV écran plat, internet wifi - cuisinette équipée d’un micro onde,plaque électrique,  réfrigérateur, vaisselle,linge de cuisine,rangements  - d'une grande douche avec  paroi vitré
1779		Magnifique studio accueillant et typique ! Peut loger deux personnes (voir quatre si vous utilisez le canapé lit). Il est très bien situé sur la rue rennequin dans le 17éme Paris. Un quartier très chic et sécurisé. Profitez de sa cuisine équipé et de sa vue sur jardin. Je suis disponible sur mon numéro de téléphone 24h/24h par texto Metro : Ligne 2 - Station Ternes Ligne 3 - Station Pereire
1780	Petit deux pièces bien agencé, au troisième étage (pas d'ascenseur), sur cour donc très calme.	Petit deux pièces dans le quartier des Ternes, à deux pas du marché Poncelet et à moins de 10 minutes à pied de la place de l'Etoile. Cuisine équipée, salon, chambre, (petite) salle de bain et WC séparés. Accès internet haut débit (wifi) Petit deux pièces bien agencé, au troisième étage (pas d'ascenseur), sur cour donc très calme. logement entier Je serai disponible pour accueillir les voyageurs et les renseigner sur le quartier et la ville Charmant quartier, avec beaucoup de commerces et de bons restaurant (liste critique sur demande !), et l'ambiance unique du marché Poncelet Très bien desservi par les bus, le métro et le RER (stations Ternes, Etoile ou Pereire)
1781	De retour de voyage, j'ai souhaité trouver un petit logement agréable et bien entretenu... ce qui n'est pas légion à Paris. Celui-ci m'a séduit par son charme, sa propreté, sa luminosité, son calme.	"Adorable studio de charme dans immeuble ancien récemment refait à neuf  à côté de la Place des Ternes et à 10 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe. De retour de voyage, j'ai souhaité trouver un petit logement agréable et bien entretenu... ce qui n'est pas légion à Paris. Celui-ci m'a séduit par son charme, sa propreté, sa luminosité, son calme. Toute le logement est en accès libre. Le studio étant constitué d'anciennes chambres de bonnes rassemblées, les toilettes sont sur le palier (entièrement remis à neuf et propre, juste en face de la porte d'entrée). Ils sont partagées avec une voisine. Quartier commerçant à deux pas (la fameuse rue Lebon, où tout est réellement bon, la place des Ternes, et bien sûr les Champs-Elysées) Au plus près, métro ligne 2 ""place des Ternes"", métro ligne 1, 6 et RER A ""Charles de Gaulle Etoile"" ainsi que métro ligne 3 ""Pereire"". L'embarras du choix!"
1782	CASA JULIE is a bright and charming apartment in a very chic and exclusive area close to Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. On the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a quiet building located, this apartment has 2 bedrooms. 1 with a double bed and 1 with 2 single beds, plus a sofa bed in the living room, a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet. Free baby bed upon request.  The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a family of average size. Very well equipped, comfortable and cozy with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee machine, microwave, toaster, kettle, dish washer, washing machine...).  In a very chic and exclusive area, it is a short walk to the to Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. It is 5 minutes away from the closest metro station (CHARLES de GAULLE - ETOILE Line 1, 2 and 6), and from there 5 minutes to The EIFFEL TOWER and 10 minutes to anywhere you want to go in Paris.	CASA JULIE is a bright and charming apartment in a very chic and exclusive area close to Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. On the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a quiet building located, this apartment has 2 bedrooms. 1 with a double bed and 1 with 2 single beds, plus a sofa bed in the living room, a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet. Free baby bed upon request.  The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a family of average size. Very well equipped, comfortable and cozy with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee machine, microwave, toaster, kettle, dish washer, washing machine...).  In a very chic and exclusive area, it is a short walk to the to Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. It is 5 minutes away from the closest metro station (CHARLES de GAULLE - ETOILE Line 1, 2 and 6), and from there 5 minutes to The EIFFEL TOWER and 10 minutes to anywhere you want to go in Paris.
1783	"So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. 4/6 persons comfortable and equipped 100m2+20m2 apartment in haussmanien building in French Style 1904. Ideally situated in 17th center of Paris ""Rive droite"". Very quiet in level 0, understanding two quiet bedrooms back from the street, 1 king si"	So easy for your family of 3-5 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Sego. So easy for your family of 4-7 persons ! You will visit Paris by feet, and go back home rapidly. You will take advantage of our spacious appartement unique with its design decoration and 3,80 m high ceiling. It's central, quiet, tidy and clean. Se
1784	Apartment in a Haussmann style building located on the 5th floor (6th floor US). Very bright, well isolated and soundproof. It has all the necessary amenities for your comfort (TV, WiFi, washing machine). The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, toaster, stove, fridge, oven…). Dressing available as well as storage.	Apartment in a Haussmann style building located on the 5th floor (6th floor US). Very bright, well isolated and soundproof. It has all the necessary amenities for your comfort (TV, WiFi, washing machine). The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, toaster, stove, fridge, oven…). Dressing available as well as storage. A bottle of champagne if offered upon arrival ! We are available by e-mail or phone for any further questions. In case we are away, someone trustworthy will be there to greet you. In the beautiful Parisian neighborhoods next to many restaurants and shops. Very well located, a few minutes from the Metro line 1 (Porte Maillot). 10 minutes walk: Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, the Zoo, the Louis Vuitton Foundation, Ternes market (rue Poncelet) 2 minutes walk: Palais des Congrès, shopping mall (porte maillot) Metro line 1 Porte Maillot connecting to the Champs Elysées, Concorde, Tuileries, the Louvre, the Marais neighborhood. Direct bus 43 North station Parking (Le Meridien) 
1785	"This flat is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: closed to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau & Palais des Congrès. In the heart of the 17th district of Paris, this wonderful apartment, fully renovated is located Avenue des Ternes, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, closed to the nice Poncelet market, where you can find fruits, vegetables, french wines and cheeses and also many shops, restaurants, cafés and cinemas. Situated on the interior side of the building, this apartment is really calm and offers a large living space with a double bed, nice sofa and a large screen TV and the wifi, a fully equiped American kitchen (with a dishwasher), a dressing and a designed bathroom. The apartment provides also a lovely terrasse with a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the private tree filled garden of the building, from where you could hear the bird song.   Thanks to this parisian flat you will enjoy the real ""parisian life"" in a calm, comfortable and c"	The perfect location for your stay in Paris: closed to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau & Palais des Congrés. At 3 mintues walking from 2 subway stations. This flat is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: closed to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau & Palais des Congrès. In the heart of the 17th district of Paris, this wonderful apartment, fully renovated is located Avenue des Ternes, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, closed to the nice Poncelet market, where you can find fruits, vegetables, french wines and cheeses and also many shops, restaurants, cafés and cinemas. Situated on the interior side of the building, this apartment is really calm and offers a large living space with a double bed, nice sofa and a large screen TV and the wifi, a fully equiped American kitchen (with a dishwasher), a dressing and a designed bathroom. The apartment provides also a lovely terrasse with a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the private tree fil
1786	Welcome in my very comfortable loft (65 sqm) located in a rather fancy area of Paris. You will be located at Ternes station, 5 minutes from Charles de Gaulle l'Etoile (walking) distance, and close to Porte Maillot. It is also close to the stop station for people using shuttle bus to Roissy Charles de Gaulle. It can accomodate up to 4 people.  You will have access to : - a double bed, and a sofa for 2 people,  - large big bathroom with bathtub and shower, - independent toilet,  - kitchen with refrigerator, induction plates, dishware, glassware and silver ware. In this historice area, you may enjoy nice range of restaurants, and a typical french market (with bakery, fish shop, cheese shop, wine shop), and convenient supermarkets nearby (less than 2 minutes). If you would like to enjoy your visit by bycicle, you have a velib station (2 minutes away). Wifi connection is free. No washing machine but there is laundry situated less than 5 minutes away. If you are travelling by car, there is t	Welcome in my very comfortable loft (65 sqm) located in a rather fancy area of Paris. You will be located at Ternes station, 5 minutes from Charles de Gaulle l'Etoile (walking) distance, and close to Porte Maillot. It is also close to the stop station for people using shuttle bus to Roissy Charles de Gaulle. It can accomodate up to 4 people.  You will have access to : - a double bed, and a sofa for 2 people,  - large big bathroom with bathtub and shower, - independent toilet,  - kitchen with refrigerator, induction plates, dishware, glassware and silver ware. In this historice area, you may enjoy nice range of restaurants, and a typical french market (with bakery, fish shop, cheese shop, wine shop), and convenient supermarkets nearby (less than 2 minutes). If you would like to enjoy your visit by bycicle, you have a velib station (2 minutes away). Wifi connection is free. No washing machine but there is laundry situated less than 5 minutes away. If you are travelling by car, there is t
1787	You will enjoy staying in this comfortable, very bright, top floor 45 square-meter apartment located in the Monceau / Villiers / Malesherbes district of Paris 17th.  The building is a classy Haussmannian parisian building. The apartment is located on the 7th floor, accessible with an elevator. You will enjoy the nice view over the roofs of Paris from the bedroom and the living room. It faces the South West, which provides a very high level of natural light in the living room all day long.  It was refurbished 1 year ago and I have always taken good care of it. The apartment sits behind the courtyard, which makes it very calm despite the immediate proximity of the famous rue de Lévis, known for its constant activity and outdoor market.  The apartment is composed of: - 1 large living room - 1 bedroom with a double bed  - 1 bathroom - 1 toile - 1 equipped kitchen (oven, washing machine, fridge, toaster, Nespresso machine, etc.) Further equipment include: - free wifi internet - TV - washing	The flat is very bright (7th floor with elevator), cosy and in the heart of Paris  Views on the roofs of Paris. You'll enjoy the modern design and fully equiped apartment. Easy access to all key districts of Paris : Champs Elysées, Opera... You will enjoy staying in this comfortable, very bright, top floor 45 square-meter apartment located in the Monceau / Villiers / Malesherbes district of Paris 17th.  The building is a classy Haussmannian parisian building. The apartment is located on the 7th floor, accessible with an elevator. You will enjoy the nice view over the roofs of Paris from the bedroom and the living room. It faces the South West, which provides a very high level of natural light in the living room all day long.  It was refurbished 1 year ago and I have always taken good care of it. The apartment sits behind the courtyard, which makes it very calm despite the immediate proximity of the famous rue de Lévis, known for its constant activity and outdoor market.  The apartment 
1788	Small house of 40m2, situated in the 17th district of Paris, near to Pigalle and Montmartre, Bus and subway in 20m. The house includes a dining room, a lounge(show) and a American cooking(kitchen) with a big plate glass window giving onto the terrace.  A very big room(chamber) with a bed 2 places(squares), 1 bathroom with bathtub of angle opened on the room(chamber). 1 toilets. A lot of charm! Ideal for a romantic weekend!!!!	Small house of 40m2, situated in the 17th district of Paris, near to Pigalle and Montmartre, Bus and subway in 20m. The house includes a dining room, a lounge(show) and a American cooking(kitchen) with a big plate glass window giving onto the terrace.  A very big room(chamber) with a bed 2 places(squares), 1 bathroom with bathtub of angle opened on the room(chamber). 1 toilets. A lot of charm! Ideal for a romantic weekend!!!!
1789	At the heart of Paris, the location is ideal for exploring the city on foot, by bike, bus or subway. The apartment has 2 elegant bedrooms, each with a double bed and separate bathrooms.  It can welcome up to four people. The apartment is located in a large building on the ground floor.	At the heart of Paris, the location is ideal for exploring the city on foot, by bike, bus or subway. The apartment has 2 elegant bedrooms, each with a double bed and separate bathrooms.  It can welcome up to four people. The apartment is located in a large building on the ground floor. The 17th district is located north-west of Paris. A peaceful neighborhood  with a beautiful pure Haussmann architecture, you can walk on foot along the streets and avenues, admire the architecture and relax in one of the many small parks, like the famous “Parc Monceau”, immortalized by Monet in his paintings. You have close, less than 15 minutes from the apartment, bus stops, subway stations, a supermarket, drugstore, restaurant, coffee shop and a bar. Metro : Argentine, Porte Maillot (Line 1) Bus: Arrêt Pereire, Arrêt Eglise Saint Ferdinand, Arrêt Ternes - Mac Mahon Gare Train/RER: Neuilly, Porte Maillot
1790	The property has been renovated in 2014 with brand new furniture to a high standard. The property has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (1 bath, 1 shower, 2 toilets) for six people. The master bedroom has a king size bed (180x200cm), a 46'' television, a small desk with a computer and a 'en suite' bathroom (with toilet) The second room has two single beds (90x200cm each) which can be joined together to make one king size bed (180x200cm) on request. The childrens' room has one bed (85x190cm) with another foldable bed of the same size. There is a second bathroom with a shower only and a toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and has an oven, a microwave and a dishwasher amongst other equipment. There is a dining room for six people and a living room with a 50'' television, along with brand new leather sofas. A foldable baby bed can be provided upon request. There is fast internet access via WiFi. The surface area of the flat is 100m² (1080 sq ft), with a terrace of 24m² (260 sq ft) where you can si	Peaceful place, surrounded by gardens, 15mn Away from Champs-Elysées by foot. 
1791		Charming one-bedroom last floor flat (40m2) in sort after Rue Poncelet (fruit, veg. and cheese stalls, fish, meat and boulangerie all on your doorstep).  Wifi. Walking distance Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau.  Very flexible / As required. Rue Poncelet - one of the most sort after market streets in Paris (fresh vegetables, fruit, meat, sea food, cheese, bread). Airport bus, métro, bus, taxi - walking distance to the Arc de Triomphe.
1792	This listing is a studio that is about 30m2 with the bathroom. The bathroom is fully equipped with the shower, toilet and a sink. There is the american kitchen with a long bar like table. Kitchen is fully equipped as well, including a coffee machine and a toaster.	Large 30m2 fully equipped studio located 5min walk away from the metro Pereire line 3 and only 10min walk distance away from Porte Maillot. 1km distance from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Safe and quite area with plenty grocery stores and restaurants right around the corner. This listing is a studio that is about 30m2 with the bathroom. The bathroom is fully equipped with the shower, toilet and a sink. There is the american kitchen with a long bar like table. Kitchen is fully equipped as well, including a coffee machine and a toaster. If you will need any help I would love to help you. Safe neighbourhood. There are plenty grocery stores around as well as pharmacy, post, banks, lovely restaurants of different price ranges. The closest grocery store is in the next building. Everything is really closely located. Closest metro is Porte de la Champerret or Pereire that is on the line 3 both 5min walk away. There is also train stop Pereire-Levallois RER C.  This listing is located 10mi
1793	Situé à deux pas des Champs-Elysées, du Palais des Congrès et au pied du métro Argentine (Ligne 1). Petit studio entièrement refait à neuf, avec 2 Balconnets de chaque coté.  Très lumineux, avec vue sur Montmartre et le toit de l'Arc de Triomphe. Un canapé cuir convertible 2 places, une kitchenette aménagée (Plaques Induction, Réfrigérateur, Four Micro-Ondes.  Douche italienne. Machine à laver le linge. Chaîne Hifi. Internet wifi. Petit WC. 	Charmant petit Studio dans une résidence située au pied du métro Argentine (Ligne 1), à 200 m de la place de l'Etoile et à 700 m du Palais des Congrès Porte Maillot. Au 7 ème étage sans ascenseur, Vue sur Montmartre et le toit de l'Arc de triomphe. Situé à deux pas des Champs-Elysées, du Palais des Congrès et au pied du métro Argentine (Ligne 1). Petit studio entièrement refait à neuf, avec 2 Balconnets de chaque coté.  Très lumineux, avec vue sur Montmartre et le toit de l'Arc de Triomphe. Un canapé cuir convertible 2 places, une kitchenette aménagée (Plaques Induction, Réfrigérateur, Four Micro-Ondes.  Douche italienne. Machine à laver le linge. Chaîne Hifi. Internet wifi. Petit WC. Location du studio entier. Attention: 7ème étage sans ascenseur. Mail, SMS, Wattsapp, Messenger. Dans la mesure du possible, accueil des voyageurs par moi ou ma compagne. Les Champs-Elysées...La plus belle avenue du monde à moins de 5 mn à pieds ! Le métro Argentine (Ligne 1) permet un accès facile à tout
1794	studio for 3 guests with a beautiful patio, wc and shower and small furnished kitchen	10 mns walking distance from the world famous Champs Elyses. you love this cosy place to be in a calm courtyard. wifi work perfectly now studio for 3 guests with a beautiful patio, wc and shower and small furnished kitchen in the classy 17th district, close to Champs elyses and the famous Bayen market. a dream place to spend time metro ternes or metro courcelles all towels and bed sheets are furnished, wifi works perfectly
1795	Mon appartement est unique car il est bourré de charme est a été refait à neuf il y a seulement 2 ans. Il n'est pas très grand mais fonctionnel et est parfait pour découvrir Paris le temps d'un weekend 	Deux pièces de charme sous les toits situé à 10 minutes à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Immeuble Haussmannien en pierre de taille, situé dans le quartier familial des Ternes. A deux pas du marché Poncelet et du métro Ternes Mon appartement est unique car il est bourré de charme est a été refait à neuf il y a seulement 2 ans. Il n'est pas très grand mais fonctionnel et est parfait pour découvrir Paris le temps d'un weekend  Le quartier est magnifique : en plein cœur de Paris vous êtes entourés de magnifiques immeubles Haussmanniens ! A deux pas du Parc Monceau et du marché Poncelet, c'est un quartier plein de charme, familial et très sécurisé. Et point positif : c'est un vrai quartier de parisiens, pas du tout touristique !  Il n'y a pas de parking dans l'immeuble, mais il y a des parkings publics payant à proximité.  Pour rejoindre l'appartement depuis l'aéroport, il y a des navettes Air France qui sont directes et à 15mn à pied de l'appartement 
1796	Porte Maillot atypical duplex of 39 m² for 2 to 3 people, very well located in a friendly district, between the Arc de Triomphe, Place des Ternes, Neuilly sur Seine, and the convention center. Close to shops, restaurants, bus, metro line 1, RER C.Appartement and very quiet neighborhood.	Paris 17 Porte Maillot, Palace of atypical duplex Congrès.Appartement 3rooms, 39 m², near metro, bus, shops, Champs Elysees, Arc de Triomphe.Entièrement equipped, oven, microwave, TV, WiFi, washing machine. Very quiet.Linen duvets and towels provided Porte Maillot atypical duplex of 39 m² for 2 to 3 people, very well located in a friendly district, between the Arc de Triomphe, Place des Ternes, Neuilly sur Seine, and the convention center. Close to shops, restaurants, bus, metro line 1, RER C.Appartement and very quiet neighborhood. Guests have access to the whole house, washing machine, tv, internet wifi (free), console, treadmill, bike (mountain bike) exterior, fully equipped kitchen. Yes I will not be far less than 5 minutes walk if there is a concern. Apartment opposite the convention center, nice area, and living with cinemas, restaurants, shops, transport. Metro station Porte Maillot line 1 and RER C .The apartment is located in a one way street it is very difficult to park! Buse
1797	This apartment on the 1st floor (with elevator) holds: - 1 bedroom  - 1 bathroom with combined shower/bathtub  - 1 separate WC  - 1 living room  - 1 dining room with fireplace - 1 modern kitchen It is north and south facing giving it light. In terms of equipment it has a large television, internet and the latest kitchen appliances. Less than 3 minutes away from the flat you will find the lovely Place Pereire with its restaurants. The top of the Champs Elysées and the Arc of triumph are a short stroll away. The metro and RER stations are Pereire on line 3 (+ RER C), Porte Maillot on line 1 (+ RER A) and Ternes on line 2 (3 to 10 minutes walk to reach each). You are also just 10 minutes away from the Ryanair and AirFrance bus stops for Beauvais and CDG airports respectively. Access by car is very easy: It's the exit Porte de Champerret on the périphérique. There are grocery facilities very close by: A grocery store is to be found (Carrefour City, Dia and Franprix) 3 minutes walk away.  T	Welcome to the Ternes neighborhood and our 1 bedroom flat (55 sqm, fully equipped)! The apartment is tucked away in a quiet street on the edge of two very sought-after quarters, Ternes and Pereire. The area is full of restaurants and little bistros. This apartment on the 1st floor (with elevator) holds: - 1 bedroom  - 1 bathroom with combined shower/bathtub  - 1 separate WC  - 1 living room  - 1 dining room with fireplace - 1 modern kitchen It is north and south facing giving it light. In terms of equipment it has a large television, internet and the latest kitchen appliances. Less than 3 minutes away from the flat you will find the lovely Place Pereire with its restaurants. The top of the Champs Elysées and the Arc of triumph are a short stroll away. The metro and RER stations are Pereire on line 3 (+ RER C), Porte Maillot on line 1 (+ RER A) and Ternes on line 2 (3 to 10 minutes walk to reach each). You are also just 10 minutes away from the Ryanair and AirFrance bus stops for Beauva
1798	1 double bedroom with queen size bed, 1 single bedroom (equipped with TV, computer, printer), double dining and living room (equipped with TV dvd player, and cable), separate kitchen with a bar (fully equipped with dishwasher, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave large fridge, washing machine, internet, computer, iPhone docks, wifi sound system). 1 bathroom with bath tub/shower, hairdryer (+ hair curler and hair straightener). Separate toilettes. Plenty of cupboards and wardrobes. Towels and bed linen provided.  Baby crib + high chair available if necessary	2 beadrooom appartment in lovely neighbourhood. Safe, quiet and yet central. 10-15 minues walking distance from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées, 1 double bedroom with queen size bed, 1 single bedroom (equipped with TV, computer, printer), double dining and living room (equipped with TV dvd player, and cable), separate kitchen with a bar (fully equipped with dishwasher, Nespresso machine, toaster, oven, microwave large fridge, washing machine, internet, computer, iPhone docks, wifi sound system). 1 bathroom with bath tub/shower, hairdryer (+ hair curler and hair straightener). Separate toilettes. Plenty of cupboards and wardrobes. Towels and bed linen provided.  Baby crib + high chair available if necessary 4th floor with elevator  Not accessible for wheel chairs because of the 4 steps on the building entrance.  Metro Line 3 less than 2 minutes walking distance Metro Line 2, less than 10 minutes walking distance Metro line 1, less than 15 minutes walking distance Possibility to h
1799	"Welcome in Paris!  Ideally located that you arrived to Paris by train or plane! Whether you come for business or pleasure! This quiet and bright apartment in floor with elevator in the center of Paris will be your ""home sweet home in Paris"". You will find a kitchen, a living room with a very confortable sofa bed, overlooking a beautiful balcony facing west on it you can enjoy a glass of french wine. Not forgetting of course the bathroom with toilet and a new bathtub. The apartment is in a secure modern building (code and intercom). Here you will discover Paris in a relaxing atmosphere with nearby: transport ( Air France bus / Beauvais bus, Metro, restaurants, bakeries and markets and supermarkets ( open until 10pm 7/7 ) . And a 10 minutes walk , enjoy the lovely Poncelet market, a typical parisian market ( bakeries, butchers, cheese shops, hairdressers, bars, wine shops, cafes, restaurants ...)"	"Studio near Triumph Arc, Champs Elysees. Porte Maillot and Palais des Congrès.  Very suny flat with nice terrace perfect for an ""apero""or a brunch ;)  Air France bus to Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG) or Beauvais at 7 minutes walk.  Welcome in Paris!  Ideally located that you arrived to Paris by train or plane! Whether you come for business or pleasure! This quiet and bright apartment in floor with elevator in the center of Paris will be your ""home sweet home in Paris"". You will find a kitchen, a living room with a very confortable sofa bed, overlooking a beautiful balcony facing west on it you can enjoy a glass of french wine. Not forgetting of course the bathroom with toilet and a new bathtub. The apartment is in a secure modern building (code and intercom). Here you will discover Paris in a relaxing atmosphere with nearby: transport ( Air France bus / Beauvais bus, Metro, restaurants, bakeries and markets and supermarkets ( open until 10pm 7/7 ) . And a 10 minutes walk , enjoy the l"
