23700	Wake up to the Eiffel Tower !! The apartment has an amazing location! : At the foot of the statue of liberty, on the border of the Seine, with stunning views on the Eiffel Tower!  Enjoy breakfast with a covered terrace overlooking the Seine, its barges and river boats, contemplating the sparkle of the sun raising on the crown of the Statute.  Invit yourself to a romantic walk on the Swan Islands and face the most famous symbol of Paris and France. Luxury apartment entirely new, 4m high ceilings, 'parisian' canopy. In a building created for an artist, in the most prestigious districts of Paris. The apartment has 5 real beds: an independent bedroom consisting of 2 floors (one double bed and a single bed); a large living room with separate sitting area (another double bed). And : A romantic bathroom (Black & White tiles 'Metro style') equipped with a washing machine, a dryer, a hair dryer; A new fully equipped modern kitchen: fridge, oven, microwave, hob, kettle, coffee machine, toaster, 	If you wanna a romantic stay with the Eiffel Tower, you got to be right here ! You will have lunch with the romanticism of the sunshine over the Seine . You  ll be amazed by the lights of the Eiffel Tower every hour of the night. Wake up to the Eiffel Tower !! The apartment has an amazing location! : At the foot of the statue of liberty, on the border of the Seine, with stunning views on the Eiffel Tower!  Enjoy breakfast with a covered terrace overlooking the Seine, its barges and river boats, contemplating the sparkle of the sun raising on the crown of the Statute.  Invit yourself to a romantic walk on the Swan Islands and face the most famous symbol of Paris and France. Luxury apartment entirely new, 4m high ceilings, 'parisian' canopy. In a building created for an artist, in the most prestigious districts of Paris. The apartment has 5 real beds: an independent bedroom consisting of 2 floors (one double bed and a single bed); a large living room with separate sitting area (another d
23701	"Ideally located near the Seine in the typical district of Auteuil, our 60m2 flat is in a private and secured lane. Enjoy the view on the Eiffel tower from our quiet and cosy terrace. Subway and bus : 2 mn. A QUIET & COSY NEST RIGHT IN THE HEART OF PARIS Nested at the 7th floor (with elevator), the apartment is very clear and calm. A double bed can accommodate a couple in the room. An extra mattress can be added for one extra people. On one side the large long balcony offers a beautiful view on Paris roofs. On the other side our lovely little terrace allows you to enjoy a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. It is a little paradise, just few metro/bus stops away from the bubbling central Paris. Auteuil district is very typical. It is know as a little ""village"" with its Saturday morning market, cafés, bakeries, small shops and some good restaurants. No tourists there. You will live the real Parisian lifestyle. The Bois de Boulogne, which is the biggest park in Paris is only 10min walk. If you "	"Ideally located near the Seine in the typical district of Auteuil, our 60m2 flat is in a private and secured lane. Enjoy the view on the Eiffel tower from our quiet and cosy terrace. Subway and bus : 2 mn. A QUIET & COSY NEST RIGHT IN THE HEART OF PARIS Nested at the 7th floor (with elevator), the apartment is very clear and calm. A double bed can accommodate a couple in the room. An extra mattress can be added for one extra people. On one side the large long balcony offers a beautiful view on Paris roofs. On the other side our lovely little terrace allows you to enjoy a nice view on the Eiffel Tower. It is a little paradise, just few metro/bus stops away from the bubbling central Paris. Auteuil district is very typical. It is know as a little ""village"" with its Saturday morning market, cafés, bakeries, small shops and some good restaurants. No tourists there. You will live the real Parisian lifestyle. The Bois de Boulogne, which is the biggest park in Paris is only 10min walk. If you "
23702	The building is situated in the safe area, has a concierge.There are 2 codes for out and inside door. There is a typical paris style lift.  The flat was decorated by 2 architectes and represents  a luxury style with artistic sense The size of the flat is around 90 m2: There are 2 big rooms, the big living room can accommodate up to 4 people for difference types of celebrations such as cultural, touristic and business events. 	Luxury designed flat near Eiffel Tower.  Recently renovated by architects  The building is situated in the safe area, has a concierge.There are 2 codes for out and inside door. There is a typical paris style lift.  The flat was decorated by 2 architectes and represents  a luxury style with artistic sense The size of the flat is around 90 m2: There are 2 big rooms, the big living room can accommodate up to 4 people for difference types of celebrations such as cultural, touristic and business events. The apartment is furnished,equipped with everything you may need: king size bed,bed,coach, Plasma TV, dvd, wifi, table,washing machine; in the kitchen: fridge, stove,oven, coffeemaker,kettle, cutlery etc  I provide individual sheets and towels for our guests, the flat is cleaned and refreshed before a new guest arrives. It takes less then 5min  walking distance to The Liberty Statue along the Seine.  The apartment is located  in the peaceful  area, 15 min walking distance to the Effel Tower.
23703	Hello everyone, I rent my apartment in the 16th area of Paris. My apartment is large (85 sqm) on the 4th floor with elevator and is conveniently located close to all amenities. it is very quiet, comfortable, fully renovated and equipped, in the heart of Paris 16, The Metro and restaurants are within 2 minutes walk. The rooms are 16m² and 10 m² equipped with double beds, a TV, a stereo, a desk and large closets. Bed linen and towels are provided. In the apartment you will find hair dryer, bathrobe, TV, Cable / Satellite TV, DVD player, Wifi, Iron, Ironing board, Stereo, Computer 1 large living room with dining room, library, Kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, Shared Bathroom Welcome to all Norman	Hello everyone, I rent my apartment in the 16th area of Paris. My apartment is large (85 sqm) on the 4th floor with elevator and is conveniently located close to all amenities. it is very quiet, comfortable, fully renovated and equipped, in the heart of Paris 16, The Metro and restaurants are within 2 minutes walk. The rooms are 16m² and 10 m² equipped with double beds, a TV, a stereo, a desk and large closets. Bed linen and towels are provided. In the apartment you will find hair dryer, bathrobe, TV, Cable / Satellite TV, DVD player, Wifi, Iron, Ironing board, Stereo, Computer 1 large living room with dining room, library, Kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, Shared Bathroom Welcome to all Norman
23704	Sous les toits de Paris, au calme, proche du métro, des commerces et du marché de Passy. Charmant petit immeuble de 1900 avec petite cour intérieure fleurie. 	Bel appartement de 65 m2 situé au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur proposant une pièce de séjour avec cuisine américaine conviviale, avec mezzanine, une salle de bain et un WC indépendant. Une chambre pour bébé ou dressing. Au coeur du village de Passy. Sous les toits de Paris, au calme, proche du métro, des commerces et du marché de Passy. Charmant petit immeuble de 1900 avec petite cour intérieure fleurie.  Nous ne pourrons accueillir les gens qui souhaiteraient louer du 09 mai au 11 juin car nous serons à l'étranger. Mais l'appartement est toujours disponible, vous serez accueillis pour un membre de notre famille.
23705	Large, modern, quiet, sunny apartment located in a secure building: it offers lots of space and a private balcony overlooking a nice courtyard and garden. Fully equipped, it can host 4 people (1 bedroom and 1 convertible sofa). Located in the vibrant and sophisticated 16th arrondissement, it is walking distance from the Eiffel tower (10 min), the Ranelagh garden to chill out, and rue de Passy  where  you can find restaurants, shops, supermarkets and bars.	Newly-furnished appartment of 60 m2/650 sq ft located  in the quiet and residentiel 16th arrondissemen of Paris- safe area and secured building (entry code + doorman)- large balcony with view on courtyard and garden        Large, modern, quiet, sunny apartment located in a secure building: it offers lots of space and a private balcony overlooking a nice courtyard and garden. Fully equipped, it can host 4 people (1 bedroom and 1 convertible sofa). Located in the vibrant and sophisticated 16th arrondissement, it is walking distance from the Eiffel tower (10 min), the Ranelagh garden to chill out, and rue de Passy  where  you can find restaurants, shops, supermarkets and bars. Brand-new modern flat,  fully furnished, includes a marbled bathroom,  convertible sofa bed in the living room, wifi, cable TV, kitchen fully equipped, dish washer, washing machine etc. Linen and bed sheets are also provided.  Doorman +  door code at the entrance of the building . Easily accessible by transport.  as
23706	Located in the exclusive and elegant Avenue Foch/Champs Elysées (Charles de Gaulle Etoile) area, this spacious 1 bedroom apartment is perfect for couples and business travelers. 	Located in the exclusive and elegant Avenue Foch/Champs Elysées (Charles de Gaulle Etoile) area, this spacious 1 bedroom apartment is perfect for couples and business travelers.  This beautiful apartment is a few hundred meters from the metro line 1, which offers the easiest access to all of the major sights of Paris, from Place Etoile (Arc de Triomphe) to Place de la Bastille, and everything in between: Champs Elysees, Place de la Concorde, Tuileries (the gardens and cross the river for Musée d'Orsay or walk north for Place Vendome and the Opera), the Louvre museum, Hotel de Ville for Notre-Dame and the Marais, and the Bastille for restaurants and nightlife. It also offers a direct access to the “Palais des Congrès” and to La Defense, the business district of Paris. During their stay, guests can reach me by phone or e-mail. Do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions regarding the amenities of the apartment or inquires about what to do and where to eat in Paris. The ap
23707	STANDING Building of very good quality. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. Moreover, the building gets an house keeper. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator. LAYOUT Super 70 m2 apartment offering high quality amenities fully decorated by an interior designer. It is composed of a large lounge with a corner sofa and a table easily allowing four guest for dinner. The living room overlooks a beautiful garden terrace where having your breakfast or a glass of wine at the end of the day will be a real pleasure. Because of its south-West exposure, the living room is bathed of sunlight. The bathroom is quite large with a bath and an separate shower. The bedroom has a king size bed (200*200). It looks over a garden, ensuring an absolute calm. Finally, the kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This is truly a beautiful apartment with a terrace (quite rare in Paris) in a quiet neighborhood near the Eiffel tower... what else can we say except DO not miss it! SPECIAL 	One of the few Paris apartment rentals with a terrace, this is truly a beautiful apartment in a quiet neighborhood near the Eiffel tower. Enjoy luxury in a Paris apartment that sleeps two.           STANDING Building of very good quality. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. Moreover, the building gets an house keeper. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator. LAYOUT Super 70 m2 apartment offering high quality amenities fully decorated by an interior designer. It is composed of a large lounge with a corner sofa and a table easily allowing four guest for dinner. The living room overlooks a beautiful garden terrace where having your breakfast or a glass of wine at the end of the day will be a real pleasure. Because of its south-West exposure, the living room is bathed of sunlight. The bathroom is quite large with a bath and an separate shower. The bedroom has a king size bed (200*200). It looks over a garden, ensuring an absolute calm. Finally, the kitchen is separ
23708	A separated bedroom makes this apartment unique. In 25 m studio appartment you feel like at actual home because you can separate living space from the place you sleep. The sofa bed gives you capacity to make 2 extra people sleep in the apartment. The bed in the bedroom is queen size and the room itself contains a design open bathroom. There is a lot of space to store things : wardrobe, cupboards, broom cupboards with a washing machine etc. The kitchen is fully equipped. The under the rooftop location gives the apartment the unique charm of a Parisian  home.	This freshly renovated charming modern studio apartment at Avenue Foch&5 min walk from Champs Elysées is composed of one separated bedroom with real bed and a living room with open kitchen & a sofa bed and can host up to 4 people.Lovely place to stay A separated bedroom makes this apartment unique. In 25 m studio appartment you feel like at actual home because you can separate living space from the place you sleep. The sofa bed gives you capacity to make 2 extra people sleep in the apartment. The bed in the bedroom is queen size and the room itself contains a design open bathroom. There is a lot of space to store things : wardrobe, cupboards, broom cupboards with a washing machine etc. The kitchen is fully equipped. The under the rooftop location gives the apartment the unique charm of a Parisian  home. 16th arrondissement is one of the most stunning neighborhood in Paris. The quarter is safe and clean, there are  numerous subway connections around .  The place is located 5 min walk fr
23709	Appartement refait à neuf, agréable à vivre et proche de tout.	Bel appartement hausmanien de 56 m2 refait à neuf et proche des commerces et des sites touristiques avec une vue dégagée sur la Tour Eiffel. Constitué de 2 chambres et 1 salon, il est idéal pour 2 couples d'amis ou une famille. La cuisine est équipée et la salle de bain comprend une douche. Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis neufs.  A 10mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et proche des transports, l'appartement est idéal pour des vacances réussies.  Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Appartement refait à neuf, agréable à vivre et proche de tout.
23710		Appartement situé en plein Paris entre l'Arc de Triomphe et le Trocadéro  10 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et les Champs Elysées
23711	Nice and cosy appartment ideal for a couple or a business trip.  Between the equipped kitchen, the comfortable living room and the peaceful sleeps you are guaranteed nice breaks. It's ideal situation will allow you to get in no time to the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadéro, the bois de boulogne or the seine. Also you will enjoy, nearby, restaurants of a every type and markets.  See you soon. Johanna  	A charming and well situated apartment, ideal for a couple or people on business trips,  including a living room , a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. Nice and cosy appartment ideal for a couple or a business trip.  Between the equipped kitchen, the comfortable living room and the peaceful sleeps you are guaranteed nice breaks. It's ideal situation will allow you to get in no time to the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadéro, the bois de boulogne or the seine. Also you will enjoy, nearby, restaurants of a every type and markets.  See you soon. Johanna  All the apartment  By phone and/or mail The numerous restaurants and bars. The food market and all the transport to the centre of Paris. Eiffel Tower is 10 mn away on a beautiful bus trip.  Line 9 : porte de saint cloud Bus 72, 22, PC1, 62 
23712	[The bed in the second room has been changed - now it is a Double bed, picture will be updated soon] About 80 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis.  At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer.	Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment is ideally located on the famous avenue Victor Hugo. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Champs Elysée and near from the Trocadero. [The bed in the second room has been changed - now it is a Double bed, picture will be updated soon] About 80 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis.  At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live. The apartment has 2 bedrooms with 2 very confortable double beds. With it bathroom, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique experience. Be respectful to neighbours and take care of the furnitures Enjoy your stay Be prepared for a surprise when the Eiffel Tower bursts to
23713	Ce studio est notre habitation principale, il est donc équipé de tout ce qui est nécessaire:   -WIFI -TV numérique -DVD – CD -Salle de bains avec baignoire – WC séparés -Lit double -Canapé lit -Cuisine entièrement équipée ( four, blinder, machine à café, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson…)   Également un balcon rare sur Paris avec:   -Une table pour déjeuner/diner à quatre -Un barbecue et une plancha électrique   Quartier très sécurisé.	Cosy appartement où nous habitons habituellement A seulement 2 minutes du métro!!! Ligne directe en 5 min à Trocadéro (Tour Eiffel) 10 min (Champs Elysées) Et 15 min (grand magasins) Deux lignes de bus sont également à proximité ( L 22 et L 52). Ce studio est notre habitation principale, il est donc équipé de tout ce qui est nécessaire:   -WIFI -TV numérique -DVD – CD -Salle de bains avec baignoire – WC séparés -Lit double -Canapé lit -Cuisine entièrement équipée ( four, blinder, machine à café, micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson…)   Également un balcon rare sur Paris avec:   -Une table pour déjeuner/diner à quatre -Un barbecue et une plancha électrique   Quartier très sécurisé. Nous logerons à seulement une rue de l'appartement donc s'il y a quoi que ce soit nous pourrons être la rapidement. Il y aura dans l appartement plusieurs bouquins sur Paris et nous vous indiquerons nos lieux préfèré de la capitale ;) C est un très jolie quartier calme pleins de charme. Plusieurs commerce à proxim
23714		A 5 min des Champs-Elysées et 15 min des Galeries Lafayette. bel haussmannien, moulures, cheminée, lustre, meubles de qualités, quartier sécurisé (nombreux ambassades). Proche restaurants et tables d'exceptions, commerces et métro. Tout le logement est accessible. Je suis à votre disposition pour toutes questions concernant votre séjour, adresses de bons restaurants, voiture avec chauffeur sérieux, prise de rendez vous. L'appartement est situé près du triangle d'or où se situe de nombreux et bons restaurants L'Entrecôte (pas de réservation malheureusement),le Stresa (resto italien), le lyonnais, le Bizetro vrai Bistro parisien. Il y a aussi de nombreux Club comme Le raspoutine (cabaret Russe), le bar du Plaza Athénée, les quais de scène l'endroit branché à Paris. Je pourrai vous en dire beaucoup plus encore :) Nombreux Bus (phone number hidden).  Métro 9 Iéna, Alma Marceau  Métro 1 George V Nombreuses stations de taxi. Meubles de qualités.
23715	Cet appartement plein de charme et confortable vous permettra de profiter d'un agréable séjour parisien. Idéal pour un couple ayant décidé de découvrir Paris, il sera le point de départ de belles promenades touristiques, à commencer par le Trocadero et la Tour Eiffel situés tout proche.	Très bel appartement haussmanien dans le quartier calme, huppé et commerçant de Passy. Situé à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des stations de métro. L'appartement est très confortable et lumineux et vous séduira par son charme. Cet appartement plein de charme et confortable vous permettra de profiter d'un agréable séjour parisien. Idéal pour un couple ayant décidé de découvrir Paris, il sera le point de départ de belles promenades touristiques, à commencer par le Trocadero et la Tour Eiffel situés tout proche. L'appartement est équipé d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, une grande chambre, un vaste salon-salle à manger, TV, Wi-fi, enceintes bluetooth, une cuisine avec micro-ondes, cafetière nespresso, plaques chauffantes, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. L'appartement se situe à Passy, dans une rue très calme mais à proximité de tous les commerces. Se trouvent à moins de 50 mètres de l'appartement: plusieurs commerces de nourriture, un cinéma, une boulangerie, une pharmacie et de nombreux ma
23716	Modern and comfortable studio with balcony on the right bank of la Seine, across from the Eiffel Tower.  Can accomdate up to 4 people. Equiped kitchen with dishwasher, and marble bathroom with washer dryer. Located in the chic 16th arrondissement Freshly renovated and refurnished, this big studio can accomodate up to 4 guests, with 1 real bed and a convertible sofa. It has a fully equiped kitchenette, with dishwasher and a marble bathroom with washer and dryer. There is comfortable desk for those who have to work, and high speed fibre wirless internet. You can also enjoy the balcony with view of the tip of the Eiffel Tower and La Seine.  This apartment is perfect for foreign visitors, from the buisness traveller who wants a cosier athmosphere than a hotel room, to the family with kids who wants to discover the city of lights. There is a gourmet deli within the building, as well as a spa / sport club with pool (extra).  	Spacious modern studio in a luxury building in the chic 16th arrondissement, close to the Eiffel Tower. This apartment with a balcony, is freshly renovated and refurnished can fit up to 4 people, with one queen bed and one sofa bad.  Modern and comfortable studio with balcony on the right bank of la Seine, across from the Eiffel Tower.  Can accomdate up to 4 people. Equiped kitchen with dishwasher, and marble bathroom with washer dryer. Located in the chic 16th arrondissement Freshly renovated and refurnished, this big studio can accomodate up to 4 guests, with 1 real bed and a convertible sofa. It has a fully equiped kitchenette, with dishwasher and a marble bathroom with washer and dryer. There is comfortable desk for those who have to work, and high speed fibre wirless internet. You can also enjoy the balcony with view of the tip of the Eiffel Tower and La Seine.  This apartment is perfect for foreign visitors, from the buisness traveller who wants a cosier athmosphere than a hotel 
23717	STANDING This amazing apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an Haussmannian building secured by a door code first and then a second gate with a door code and an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. They all overlook a lovely courtyard planted with trees. During the summer season you will have the impression to live near a forest ! LAYOUT Entirely renewed recently and decorated by an interior designer, this wonderful 100sqm (1007sq ft) apartment has three bedrooms and three bathrooms. It can sleep up to seven guests. The apartment opens on a spacious entrance hall. Wooden floor, elegant piece of furniture, large mirror and an amazing picture of Paris. You will feel welcome at first sight ! The corridor will first lead to the master bedroom. It features a double bed 140x200, a desk, perfect to work in a private environment, a large wardrobe with mirror doors and a safe. The en suite bathroom has a bathtub with a shower handle. The toilets are in a separate room, opposite this bedr	Sumptuous 100sqm (1008sqft) apartment to rent in the famous Victor Hugo Avenue. With its three bedrooms and three bathrooms, it can comfortably sleep up to seven guests. You will love this wonderful place ! STANDING This amazing apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an Haussmannian building secured by a door code first and then a second gate with a door code and an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. They all overlook a lovely courtyard planted with trees. During the summer season you will have the impression to live near a forest ! LAYOUT Entirely renewed recently and decorated by an interior designer, this wonderful 100sqm (1007sq ft) apartment has three bedrooms and three bathrooms. It can sleep up to seven guests. The apartment opens on a spacious entrance hall. Wooden floor, elegant piece of furniture, large mirror and an amazing picture of Paris. You will feel welcome at first sight ! The corridor will first lead to the master bedroom. It features a double bed 140x200, a 
23718		2 to 4 pers (double bed + 2 sofas + dining room) Near  Seine, Eiffel Tower, Bois de Boulogne All transports, shops, coffee places and bakeries  Underground parking extra NB : lots of large windows, you may wake up with the sun Parking en sous-sol en supplément Metro ligne 9 Metro ligne 6 RER C Bus 52, 32, 22 Velib
23719	Surely one of the best offer, now available in Paris: This 60m2 apt is situated on the 3rd floor of a typical parisian building ( with an elevator) in a beautiful courtyard. Designed by an architect, this very stylish place is perfect for you if you really want to live like a parisian... but still be in a comfortable and quiet place!  When entering, you'll find a beautiful and large living room, with a couch that can easily be an extra bed for 2 persons ( but it's not a sofa bed: have a look at the pictures), there is TV, wifi, a huge desk goes along the wall. There is a big table where you can seat at 6, with 4 Eames chairs, and the kitchen, fully equiped ( toaster, boiler, dish washer...). On your right will be the bathroom, with a bathtub AND a shower cabin, plus the sink, and the toilets are seperated. The bedroom has a queen size bed, and many cupboards to put all your clothes. There is plenty of room to put all your stuff: this appartment will be all yours, you will feel instantl	Surely one of the best offer, now available in Paris: This 60m2 apt is situated on the 3rd floor of a typical parisian building ( with an elevator) in a beautiful courtyard. Designed by an architect, this very stylish place is perfect for you if you really want to live like a parisian... but still be in a comfortable and quiet place!  When entering, you'll find a beautiful and large living room, with a couch that can easily be an extra bed for 2 persons ( but it's not a sofa bed: have a look at the pictures), there is TV, wifi, a huge desk goes along the wall. There is a big table where you can seat at 6, with 4 Eames chairs, and the kitchen, fully equiped ( toaster, boiler, dish washer...). On your right will be the bathroom, with a bathtub AND a shower cabin, plus the sink, and the toilets are seperated. The bedroom has a queen size bed, and many cupboards to put all your clothes. There is plenty of room to put all your stuff: this appartment will be all yours, you will feel instantl
23720	Calme, belle decoration	Dans une rue calme pres du bois de Boulogne et du Trocadéro, quartier Auteuil. Charmant 2 pièces avec balcon, dernier etage, bel immeuble calme et proche métro, bus, commerces et restaurants Calme, belle decoration
23721	This apartment of 1 bedroom (50 square meters, approximately 540 square feet) is located on Rue Jean de la Fontaine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris (Trocadero - Maison de la Radio) in the very well known Castel Beranger building. Built in the 19th century by the great architect Hector Guimard, more known as the creator of the Parisians subway entrances, this building is a real treasure of architecture, it won the most beautiful Parisian building contest. The apartment is composed of a large entrance, a living room (comfortable sofa bed) with a view on the courtyard with the renowned fountain, a separated fully equipped kitchen with a beautiful private patio (very shinny), a bedroom with courtyard view as well, a bathroom and a toilet. The apartment was fully renovated, the furniture are of very good quality. It can welcome up 4 people, the closest metro station is Ranelagh. the building is very safe with codes and cameras.	This one bedroom apartment of 50 square meters is located in the very famous building named Castel Beranger. In the 16th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Seine. The perfect place for a leisure or business trip (4 persons maximum). This apartment of 1 bedroom (50 square meters, approximately 540 square feet) is located on Rue Jean de la Fontaine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris (Trocadero - Maison de la Radio) in the very well known Castel Beranger building. Built in the 19th century by the great architect Hector Guimard, more known as the creator of the Parisians subway entrances, this building is a real treasure of architecture, it won the most beautiful Parisian building contest. The apartment is composed of a large entrance, a living room (comfortable sofa bed) with a view on the courtyard with the renowned fountain, a separated fully equipped kitchen with a beautiful private patio (very shinny), a bedroom with courtyard view as well, a bathroom and a toilet. The apartment w
23722	This charming studio equipped you will have a pleasant stay in Paris. Located between the Trocadéro right - 5 minutes walk and the Champs Elysées left - 10 minutes, the most beautiful avenue in the world on foot! and the Arc de Triomphe. Metro lines 6 and 9 available next to Paris. Everything needed on site for quick installation: kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, stove, refrigerator ... Also: toilet, sink, shower, towels (website hidden), WIFI internet ... all the comforts to make your visit to Paris at the best price you can find in our capital! In addition, we remain at your disposal throughout your stay to help or additional information.	This charming studio equipped you will have a pleasant stay in Paris. Located between the Trocadéro right - 5 minutes walk and the Champs Elysées left - 10 minutes, the most beautiful avenue in the world on foot! and the Arc de Triomphe.   This charming studio equipped you will have a pleasant stay in Paris. Located between the Trocadéro right - 5 minutes walk and the Champs Elysées left - 10 minutes, the most beautiful avenue in the world on foot! and the Arc de Triomphe. Metro lines 6 and 9 available next to Paris. Everything needed on site for quick installation: kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, stove, refrigerator ... Also: toilet, sink, shower, towels (website hidden), WIFI internet ... all the comforts to make your visit to Paris at the best price you can find in our capital! In addition, we remain at your disposal throughout your stay to help or additional information. Trocadero metro lines , boissière , kleber close. Access throughout Paris quickly. We live 10 minutes from t
23723		Neuf, propre, bien rangé, mon appartement est parfait pour les voyageurs qui veulent avoir un pied à terre spacieux à Paris. Situé dans le 16e arrondissement, cet appartement vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour.
23724	The beauty of the space is due to the quiet neighborhood and also to the many available monuments near by.	2 bedrooms, 2 baths,  6 guests near the Eiffel tower, nice apt on the west bank. This newly redone apartment of 861 square feet is in a modern building next to the Eiffel tower. 2 bedrooms with Queen size beds plus one large sofa. Place is redone. The beauty of the space is due to the quiet neighborhood and also to the many available monuments near by. The apartment is fully occupied by our guests and they won't be bothered by anybody. I don't interact at all unless they need me. Many good restaurants, access to the Eiffel Tower just 2mn away, quiet and easy walk near the Seine. It can be fully satisfied for different kind people. Many trains accesses, buses stops, express train. Transportation is not a problem ! 
23725	Stay includes a three-day pass for the Rock en Seine Festival just a few kilometers away, nice building with elevator access, breakfast every morning and late night snacks, private room with a large sofa-bed for two people, TV, WIFI, shared bathroom, and kitchen where you can prepare your own meals if you wish.	Stay at a nice apartment less than 5 kms away from the festival!  Stay includes:  - 1 Private guest room, shared bathroom  - Breakfast each morning  - 3 day ticket to the ROCK EN SEINE FESTIVAL! Stay includes a three-day pass for the Rock en Seine Festival just a few kilometers away, nice building with elevator access, breakfast every morning and late night snacks, private room with a large sofa-bed for two people, TV, WIFI, shared bathroom, and kitchen where you can prepare your own meals if you wish. Guests can have access to WIFI, TV, equipped kitchen, and shared bathroom with bathtub (candles included!) I'm going to the festival as well so I won't be able to attend guests during the day, but at mornings I'll leave breakfast prepared. The Rock en Seine Festival is just a few kilometers away so you can bike there or take a nice long walk from the apartment. Enjoy Paris' chic district, with everything you need just around the corner, including the Eiffel Tower. *Includes free Velib bi
23726		16 m2 cozy studio in the 16th district, right next to the metro station directly connecting you to the city. It is ideal for travelers wanting to discover Paris on a budget. 
23727	Full equipped flat : Breakfast corner with coffee machine, tea, milk and some breakfast food, Internet and wifi access, TV, little bathroom and separated WC, all-in-one washer/dryer, Microwaves/oven. Shampoo, towel and bedclothes available.	Cosy 30 square meters apartment close to Les Champs-Elysées. 3 minutes by walk to Arc de Triomphe, up to 5 minutes to reach Les Champs-Elysées. You can have access to the whole flat as if it was your own except the bedroom. You will sleep in the main room in a comfortable 140 cm sofa bed. Full equipped flat : Breakfast corner with coffee machine, tea, milk and some breakfast food, Internet and wifi access, TV, little bathroom and separated WC, all-in-one washer/dryer, Microwaves/oven. Shampoo, towel and bedclothes available. You can have access to the whole flat as if it was your own except the bedroom. You will sleep in the main room in a comfortable 140 cm sofa bed. A little map of metro network is available at home. You can ask me any question you have, even by phone. I can give you some advice about must-visit places, restaurants, bars. Very quiet area even if close to big avenues, you cannot even hear cars passing by. There is two supermarkets open until 9 PM and a grocery (2min b
23728		Shiny, calm and cosy apartment with a long balcony in the middle of the prestigious 16th district. 3 min walk from the Trocadero, 7' from the Eiffel Tower & less than 15' from the Champs Elysées. 2' from Passy commercial area. Flat of 90m2 (4th level, elevator): 2 bedrooms (15 & 12m2, 2 kingsize beds), salon (30m2), kitchen & bathroom. Fully furnished, TV & Stereo (Bang & Olufsen), Wifi, wardrobe, dining table, washing and drying machines & fully equipped kitchen. Host flexible and available.
23729	Lovely and quiet  flat of 60m² on 6th floor in a district where there are many shops, restaurants and open market three times a week. Free personal private parking for your car. 10 minutes from Eiffel Tower (by bus or car) 150 m from 2 metro stations  Smokers welcome ! Elevator  1 large bedroom with comfortable bed (+ a sofa-bed), 1 large living-room, 1 comfortable dining-room  Full equiped kitchen with Expresso coffee machine, What Else ? Free wifi  Washing machine and windows in the bathroom. Housekeeper & very calm at night. a warm and unique place to stay in Paris, you will feel like Home.	Lovely and quiet  flat of 60m² on 6th floor in a district where there are many shops, restaurants and open market three times a week. Free personal private parking for your car. 10 minutes from Eiffel Tower (by bus or car) 150 m from 2 metro stations  Smokers welcome ! Elevator  1 large bedroom with comfortable bed (+ a sofa-bed), 1 large living-room, 1 comfortable dining-room  Full equiped kitchen with Expresso coffee machine, What Else ? Free wifi  Washing machine and windows in the bathroom. Housekeeper & very calm at night. a warm and unique place to stay in Paris, you will feel like Home.
23730	Ce deux-pièces fraîchement rénové et décoré possède une cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge / sèche linge), une salle de bain avec petite baignoire et douche, un lit deux places avec sur-matelas et couette en plume pour votre confort. Il a une capacité d'accueil de deux personnes. Le logement se situe a deux pas des commerces de proximité et des restaurants, à dix minutes a pied de Roland Garros et du Parc des Princes. Trois lignes de bus sont au pied de l'immeuble: le 72 le 22 ainsi que le PC1 vous amèneront directement sur les lieux touristiques notamment à la Tour Eiffel et au Trocadero. Les métros lignes 9 et 10 sont également a proximité (stations Exelmans et Chardon Lagache). Pour accéder à l'immeuble vous traverserez une jolie petite cour fleurie, l'immeuble possède un ascenseur. Je serai disponible durant tout votre séjour pour répondre a vos questions ou vous donner des conseils sur les lieux a visiter et la vie parisienne. Le quartier est très vivant et dynamiqu	Ce deux-pièces fraîchement rénové et décoré possède une cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge / sèche linge), une salle de bain avec petite baignoire et douche, un lit deux places avec sur-matelas et couette en plume pour votre confort. Il a une capacité d'accueil de deux personnes. Le logement se situe a deux pas des commerces de proximité et des restaurants, à dix minutes a pied de Roland Garros et du Parc des Princes. Trois lignes de bus sont au pied de l'immeuble: le 72 le 22 ainsi que le PC1 vous amèneront directement sur les lieux touristiques notamment à la Tour Eiffel et au Trocadero. Les métros lignes 9 et 10 sont également a proximité (stations Exelmans et Chardon Lagache). Pour accéder à l'immeuble vous traverserez une jolie petite cour fleurie, l'immeuble possède un ascenseur. Je serai disponible durant tout votre séjour pour répondre a vos questions ou vous donner des conseils sur les lieux a visiter et la vie parisienne. Le quartier est très vivant et dynamiqu
23731	Two steps away from ETOILE, CHAMPS ELYSEES, Porte MAILLOT, its CONGRESSIONNAL CENTER, LA DEFENSE, its corporate quarters, restaurants, shopping, and 7 days 8am to 11pm food shopping. ONLY MINUTES AWAY TO AIR FRANCE BUSES TO ALL PARIS AIRPORTS !! This 75 m2 exclusive apartment RECENTLY RENOVATED offers comfort (double living, open kitchen, JACUZZI tub) and all equipment (internet, tv, cable, hifi, dvd). Business amenities in the neighborhood (Avenue de la Grand Armée)  include a copy center (Copy Top), post office, and office supplies (Office Depot). Gourmet dining at the corner of the block with Chef STEPHANE GABORIEAU Michelin star rated restaurant. Reserve right now: (website hidden) The restaurant of JEAN LOUIS NOMICOS (DUCASSE) at 16 avenue Bugeau is 15 minutes away from the flat. Reserve right now: (website hidden) Also minutes away from the city park (BOIS DE BOULOGNE) for runners and Sunday strollers. A great place to be on the week ends. You can rent a row boat and go cruise on	Two steps away from ETOILE, CHAMPS ELYSEES, Porte MAILLOT, its CONGRESSIONNAL CENTER, LA DEFENSE, its corporate quarters, restaurants, shopping, and 7 days 8am to 11pm food shopping. ONLY MINUTES AWAY TO AIR FRANCE BUSES TO ALL PARIS AIRPORTS !! This 75 m2 exclusive apartment RECENTLY RENOVATED offers comfort (double living, open kitchen, JACUZZI tub) and all equipment (internet, tv, cable, hifi, dvd). Business amenities in the neighborhood (Avenue de la Grand Armée)  include a copy center (Copy Top), post office, and office supplies (Office Depot). Gourmet dining at the corner of the block with Chef STEPHANE GABORIEAU Michelin star rated restaurant. Reserve right now: (website hidden) The restaurant of JEAN LOUIS NOMICOS (DUCASSE) at 16 avenue Bugeau is 15 minutes away from the flat. Reserve right now: (website hidden) Also minutes away from the city park (BOIS DE BOULOGNE) for runners and Sunday strollers. A great place to be on the week ends. You can rent a row boat and go cruise on
23732	L'appartement au style minimaliste est situé dans un immeuble haussmanien et les longues baies vitrées donnent sur la cour avec une exposition au Nord, cela vous garantira des températures fraiches toute la journée même en plein été mais surtout le calme toute la nuit. Le canapé du salon se transforme au besoin en lit d'appoint, il est tellement confortable que je m'y endors régulièrement... Vous avez un écran plat 102cm, un Wifi ultra rapide et la télévision par satellite. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This is a fully-furnished but minimalist-looking loft space in a Haussmanian building, the apartment is not directly on the street hence it is very quiet, facing North we have cool temperatures all day. I've retained the industrial character of the original space while providing the comforts you're used to at super confortable couch that can turn into a single bed should you have an extra person with you, very comfortable 	Loft de 70 mètres carrés en plein centre du Triangle d'or, idéal pour un couple. ------------------------------------- This loft apartment in the Triangle d'or epicenter is the perfect location for shopping, dining, and accessing the rest of Paris. L'appartement au style minimaliste est situé dans un immeuble haussmanien et les longues baies vitrées donnent sur la cour avec une exposition au Nord, cela vous garantira des températures fraiches toute la journée même en plein été mais surtout le calme toute la nuit. Le canapé du salon se transforme au besoin en lit d'appoint, il est tellement confortable que je m'y endors régulièrement... Vous avez un écran plat 102cm, un Wifi ultra rapide et la télévision par satellite. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This is a fully-furnished but minimalist-looking loft space in a Haussmanian building, the apartment is not directly on the street hence it is very quiet, facing North we have c
23733	Building of very good quality. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. Moreover, the building gets an house keeper. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator. Super 70 m2 apartment offering high quality amenities fully decorated by an interior designer. It is composed of a large lounge with a corner sofa and a table easily allowing four guest for dinner. The living room overlooks a beautiful garden terrace where having your breakfast or a glass of wine at the end of the day will be a real pleasure. Because of its south-West exposure, the living room is bathed of sunlight. The bathroom is quite large with a bath and an separate shower. The bedroom has a king size bed (200*200). It looks over a garden, ensuring an absolute calm. Finally, the kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This is truly a beautiful apartment with a terrace (quite rare in Paris) in a quiet neighborhood near the Eiffel tower… what else can we say except DO not miss it!	One of the few Paris apartment rentals with a terrace, this is truly a beautiful apartment in a quiet neighborhood near the Eiffel tower. Enjoy luxury in a Paris apartment that sleeps two. Building of very good quality. The access is secured by a digicode and an intercom. Moreover, the building gets an house keeper. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator. Super 70 m2 apartment offering high quality amenities fully decorated by an interior designer. It is composed of a large lounge with a corner sofa and a table easily allowing four guest for dinner. The living room overlooks a beautiful garden terrace where having your breakfast or a glass of wine at the end of the day will be a real pleasure. Because of its south-West exposure, the living room is bathed of sunlight. The bathroom is quite large with a bath and an separate shower. The bedroom has a king size bed (200*200). It looks over a garden, ensuring an absolute calm. Finally, the kitchen is separated and fully equipped. T
23734		Lovely apartement of 75m2, very bright and spacious. Magnificent view sight of the Seine. 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower.  Decoration's being look after, comfort high-end maximum
23735	2 kids bedroom on fourth floor and one parent suite with bathroom upstair. One has a small view and Eiffel Tower. Full of light, calm and nicely furnished	In the very center of Auteuil, on subway line 9&10, lovely sunny 3 BR, 2 Bath,  duplex in old parisian building. (4th & 5tfloor) Walking distance to Roland Garros, bois de Boulogne Fresh food market every wednesday and saturday. Family welcome. 2 kids bedroom on fourth floor and one parent suite with bathroom upstair. One has a small view and Eiffel Tower. Full of light, calm and nicely furnished Internet, cable TV, full kitchen facilities Village d'Auteuil is a real french village with best shops and facilities you can (website hidden) weekly amazing fruit, vegetables, fish, meat markets. Superstore 50meters open till 9:30pm. 2 metro lines with direct access Tour Eiffel/Trocadero and Champs Elysees as well direct access to the east bank ( Rive gauche ).  Auteuil is walking distance from Bois de Boulogne ,Roland Garros  ( French tennis open )and Parc des Princes ( PSG- football ) 2 Metro  5 bus
23736		8min walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees, 4min to 3 metro stations and a 15min walk to the Eiffel Tower - this lovely 55sqm apartment will be your home during your time in Paris. Safe and quiet neighbourhood, close to everything. 2night min.
23737	Grand studio de 40m2 environ, le charme de l'ancien avec cheminée, miroir, parquet, moulures au plafond	Venez séjourner dans un quartier verdoyant au coeur de ce chic arrondissement. Le charme de l'ancien, idéalement situé entre Auteuil et Passy, grand studio cosy, avec salle de bains et kitchenette. Commerces et transports en commun à proximité. Grand studio de 40m2 environ, le charme de l'ancien avec cheminée, miroir, parquet, moulures au plafond Une grande pièce principale avec salle de bains attenante et un couloir d'entrée accédant à la kitchenette. Toujours joignable pour de plus amples informations. D'un esprit village, venez découvrir ce quartier calme et verdoyant au passé thermal et artistique: 1O' Jardin du Ranelagh, 15' Bois de Boulogne et bords de Seine Tous commerces à proximité. Transports en commun bus et métro à proximité: métro ligne 9, Trocadéro 10' et Champs Elysées 20'.  Station de taxi proche
23738	Paris 16th district Auteuil walking distance to Bois de Boulogne near amazing rue d'Auteuil's shops, restaurants ( Coste's Murat, Tse...etc)  taxi and metro station, sunny apartment with 1930 charming  wooden floor high ceilings  5 bedrooms ( 3  couples with king size bed , 2 bedrooms with double beds ) , 2100 sqft, all equipped kitchen, 2 bath rooms, 2 wc ,plenty of space, family and dining room, 2 50' flat TV with cable channels, wifi internet, safe, 10 people can comfortably stay in this appartement( 3 couples,2 others people in a double bedroom , 2 children in a double children bedroom). It has just been painted and upgraded.	"Large typical ""Hausmann style"" parisien flat.High ceilings.Close to Roland Garros Bois de Boulogne, all shops. 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées.The appartement is very well equipped. Very large family room.  Light.Nice building. Metro Paris 16th district Auteuil walking distance to Bois de Boulogne near amazing rue d'Auteuil's shops, restaurants ( Coste's Murat, Tse...etc)  taxi and metro station, sunny apartment with 1930 charming  wooden floor high ceilings  5 bedrooms ( 3  couples with king size bed , 2 bedrooms with double beds ) , 2100 sqft, all equipped kitchen, 2 bath rooms, 2 wc ,plenty of space, family and dining room, 2 50' flat TV with cable channels, wifi internet, safe, 10 people can comfortably stay in this appartement( 3 couples,2 others people in a double bedroom , 2 children in a double children bedroom). It has just been painted and upgraded. There are no restricted areas in the flat We would enjoy helping you and provide recommandation and tips. We exp"
23739	Appartement calme, ensoleillé. Gardien dans l'immeuble. Propriétaire logeant dans l'autre  appartement situé sur le même palier.	Ce deux-pièces ensoleillé, au 7è étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien, avec ascenseur, dans le XVIè , quartier huppé, vous séduira avec son balcon vue sur la Tour Eiffel. 5mn du Bois de Boulogne,  2 lignes de métro et 5 lignes de bus à proximité.   Appartement calme, ensoleillé. Gardien dans l'immeuble. Propriétaire logeant dans l'autre  appartement situé sur le même palier. Français, Anglais et Espagnol parlés.  Quartier commerçant, 4 marchés de plein air par semaine, plusieurs supermarchés ouverts même le dimanche, proche Tour Eiffel, Seine, Bois de Boulogne, Trocadéro, Parc des Princes, Roland-Garros. Voiture, métro ou bus. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit d'une personne supplémentaire (extra 20 euros/nuit)
23740		Nice and comfortable 2br apartment in quiet and very safe area. At only 10 minutes walk from Trocadero and near metro and RER stations, from the apartment you can easily reach all the city's major sights and enjoy the beautiful city by day and night.
23741	This beautifully renovated, apartment is situated on the 6th floor of an historical building on a quiet street in a very prestigious area in the 16th arrondissement.. This apartment combines brightness, quiet and modern amenities, 2 floors and 2 quiet terraces. Bedroom You will wake up delighted…your bedroom is bright and comfortable gives you direct access to the terrace with Eiffel Tower view, perfect to have your breakfast. The decoration enchanting: the classical wall paper, the violet shades, built-in wall closet and the small lamps offering a filtered light make this place your small romantic cocoon.  Next to it, enjoy the pretty bathroom with shower and its traditional sink. Living room The cosy living room with decorative fireplace is a great place for relaxing after a long day. Ample seating for you and your guests include a couch with down wrapped cushions, oversized two large window doors lined with silk drapes, open onto a terrace. There is also a good-sized study with a so	Brand new designer apartment, high quality equipment, well furnished.  Perfect for quick access in metro to all top sightseeing spots. This beautifully renovated, apartment is situated on the 6th floor of an historical building on a quiet street in a very prestigious area in the 16th arrondissement.. This apartment combines brightness, quiet and modern amenities, 2 floors and 2 quiet terraces. Bedroom You will wake up delighted…your bedroom is bright and comfortable gives you direct access to the terrace with Eiffel Tower view, perfect to have your breakfast. The decoration enchanting: the classical wall paper, the violet shades, built-in wall closet and the small lamps offering a filtered light make this place your small romantic cocoon.  Next to it, enjoy the pretty bathroom with shower and its traditional sink. Living room The cosy living room with decorative fireplace is a great place for relaxing after a long day. Ample seating for you and your guests include a couch with down wra
23742	Un immeuble moderne et pratque , Un appartement confortable et beau et un quartier de rêve	Super 2 pièces entre les Champs Elysée et Trocadero.    1 chambre avec double lit , salon avec canapé convertible double lit , cuisine ouverte et salle de bain .  Un immeuble moderne et pratque , Un appartement confortable et beau et un quartier de rêve Cuisine équipée avec four, plaques , café machine, machine a laver la vaisselle , machine a laver le linge, des draps et des serviettes,  WI FI , TV  Je ne suis pas présente , mais nous faisons le check in et le check out  Vous êtes a deux pas des Champs Elysées, de Trocadero .. .  Un quartier prestigeux, touristique , au coeur de la Ville  metro, bus , à pied , Vous etes au coeur de la ville 
23743	APARTMENT, A CHARMING LOFT IN 16TH ARRONDISSEMENT Welcome to a nice parisian apartment with just newly remodeled in 2011 ! Charming and typical Parisian apartment with parquet and little trims Sophisticated and contempory style (30's Art Deco furniture...)  Like in a little loft, there is not any real separation between the living room and the bedroom. The apartment fits 2 persons very comfortably. You can easily fit 4 person using the queen size pull out sofa in leather in the living room to fit 2 more persons.  The bedroom offers a queen size bed and a closet where you can store your clothes so you feel at home.  The kitchen is modern and fully equipped. It contains a little table and 2 chairs. You'll find a luxury bathroom with a shower, a bathtub and toilets.    The apartment has WiFi internet. It is located on the ground floor (easier for luggage !) Towels and linen provided. * NEIGHBORHOOD : You'll be conveniently located : 7 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe 10 minutes walk from	APARTMENT, A CHARMING LOFT IN 16TH ARRONDISSEMENT Welcome to a nice parisian apartment with just newly remodeled in 2011 ! Charming and typical Parisian apartment with parquet and little trims Sophisticated and contempory style (30's Art Deco furniture...)  Like in a little loft, there is not any real separation between the living room and the bedroom. The apartment fits 2 persons very comfortably. You can easily fit 4 person using the queen size pull out sofa in leather in the living room to fit 2 more persons.  The bedroom offers a queen size bed and a closet where you can store your clothes so you feel at home.  The kitchen is modern and fully equipped. It contains a little table and 2 chairs. You'll find a luxury bathroom with a shower, a bathtub and toilets.    The apartment has WiFi internet. It is located on the ground floor (easier for luggage !) Towels and linen provided. * NEIGHBORHOOD : You'll be conveniently located : 7 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe 10 minutes walk from
23744	Nice apartment of 62 m2, very bright, in a building overlooking the Seine in the heart of the very chic 16th district of Paris. The apartment is a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. A bus stop is at the door of the building. Metro stations Mirabeau and Eglise d'Auteuil and the RER Javel are close to easily reach the main tourist attractions of the city. Your next stay is on the ground floor. It is sunny and quiet (double exposure) It benefits from double glazing and electric shutters. It consists of 2 rooms accessible via a grand entrance. In addition to the kitchen that is a room in itself. The kitchen is fully equipped (Oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, hob, coffee machine, toaster, raclette , barbecues , wok , fondue, griddle , dishwasher, washing machine ...) The spacious living room has large windows overlooking a wooded area, a pinball machine. The living room has a sofa, a coffee table and libraries that will feed your readings (Man	Nice apartment of 62 m2, very bright, in a building overlooking the Seine in the heart of the very chic 16th district of Paris. The apartment is a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and 20 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. A bus stop is at the door of the building. Metro stations Mirabeau and Eglise d'Auteuil and the RER Javel are close to easily reach the main tourist attractions of the city. Your next stay is on the ground floor. It is sunny and quiet (double exposure) It benefits from double glazing and electric shutters. It consists of 2 rooms accessible via a grand entrance. In addition to the kitchen that is a room in itself. The kitchen is fully equipped (Oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, hob, coffee machine, toaster, raclette , barbecues , wok , fondue, griddle , dishwasher, washing machine ...) The spacious living room has large windows overlooking a wooded area, a pinball machine. The living room has a sofa, a coffee table and libraries that will feed your readings (Man
23745	5 min from Paris, Near Parc des Princes Stadium (home of the PSG) and Roland Garros (home of the French tennis Open) 5th and last floor with elevator 60sq meter 2 bedrooms, large living room and separate kitchen Full west exposition (sun and light) Double-oriented flat (East and West) with a large balconies on each side (including an 8sq meter with teck ground on the West side) Fully equiped : washing/drying machine, dish washer, TV, Wireless Internet... Access with entry code Metro line 9 - Porte de Saint Cloud (5 min by foot) Metro line 10 - Billancourt (10 min by foot) Bus line 72 - line that crosses the center of Paris (museums...) Close by: - Parc de Prince Football Stadium (1 min down the street) - Roland Garros Tennis Stadium (10 min by foot) - Eiffel Tower (20 min by metro) - Restarants - Supermarkets - Cinemas, Swimming Pool, skating ring - VELIB and AUTOLIB Station - Gas station - Direct access to the peripherique	5 min from Paris, Near Parc des Princes Stadium (home of the PSG) and Roland Garros (home of the French tennis Open) 5th and last floor with elevator 60sq meter 2 bedrooms, large living room and separate kitchen Full west exposition (sun and light) Double-oriented flat (East and West) with a large balconies on each side (including an 8sq meter with teck ground on the West side) Fully equiped : washing/drying machine, dish washer, TV, Wireless Internet... Access with entry code Metro line 9 - Porte de Saint Cloud (5 min by foot) Metro line 10 - Billancourt (10 min by foot) Bus line 72 - line that crosses the center of Paris (museums...) Close by: - Parc de Prince Football Stadium (1 min down the street) - Roland Garros Tennis Stadium (10 min by foot) - Eiffel Tower (20 min by metro) - Restarants - Supermarkets - Cinemas, Swimming Pool, skating ring - VELIB and AUTOLIB Station - Gas station - Direct access to the peripherique
23746	 Situé au 4ième étage avec ascenseur et gardienne. Une grande fenêtre orientée plein sud, donnant sur une rue très calme. La pièce est donc en permanence ensoleillée. Il y a un canapé-lit, un bureau et une armoire. Le seul point faible est la cuisine très petite mais équipée donc suffisant pour 1 personne. La kitchenette et les toilettes se trouve dans la salle de bain.  La luminosité, l'arrangement optimum de l'appartement et sa propreté en font oublier sa petitesse.	Petite studette très lumineuse idéalement située  dans le 16ième arrondissement. à 5min à pied de la station de métro Charles-de-Gaulle Etoile et à 3 min de la station Argentine. Tout équipé, confortable pr 2pers : un vrai petit lit + un clic-clac. Situé au 4ième étage avec ascenseur et gardienne. Une grande fenêtre orientée plein sud, donnant sur une rue très calme. La pièce est donc en permanence ensoleillée. Il y a un canapé-lit, un bureau et une armoire. Le seul point faible est la cuisine très petite mais équipée donc suffisant pour 1 personne. La kitchenette et les toilettes se trouve dans la salle de bain.  La luminosité, l'arrangement optimum de l'appartement et sa propreté en font oublier sa petitesse. L'arc de Triomphe et les Champs-Elysées bien sûr! Mais également l'avenue Foch et le bois de Boulogne pour courir. La place des Ternes pour ses petits restaurants et bistrots.
23747		High standing apartment located at Rue de passy (10 minutes walk from the eiffel tower). it is very sunny and well furnished with full access to WIFI, TV and BOX. La muette tube station is at 1 minute walk and passy station at 5 minutes walk.
23748	Salon / Salle à Manger - D'une surface d'environ 30 m², il dispose de 2 fenêtres sur balcon orientées Sud-Est, d'un canapé, d'une table basse, de 4 chaises, d'une table, d'une cheminée. Salle de bain - Baignoire avec douche, carrelage au sol, 2 lavabos, sèche cheveux, toilettes séparées avec un lave mains. Chambre N° 1 - Surface d`environ 12 m², elle dispose d'une fenêtre et est équipée d'un lit double largeur 160 cm, d'un placard et de deux tables de nuit. Chambre N° 2 - Surface d'environ 10 m², elle dispose d'une fenêtres et est équipée de 2 lits simples largeur 90 cm, d'un placard, d'une salle de bain attenante et de deux tables de nuit.	Salon / Salle à Manger - D'une surface d'environ 30 m², il dispose de 2 fenêtres sur balcon orientées Sud-Est, d'un canapé, d'une table basse, de 4 chaises, d'une table, d'une cheminée. Salle de bain - Baignoire avec douche, carrelage au sol, 2 lavabos, sèche cheveux, toilettes séparées avec un lave mains. Chambre N° 1 - Surface d`environ 12 m², elle dispose d'une fenêtre et est équipée d'un lit double largeur 160 cm, d'un placard et de deux tables de nuit. Chambre N° 2 - Surface d'environ 10 m², elle dispose d'une fenêtres et est équipée de 2 lits simples largeur 90 cm, d'un placard, d'une salle de bain attenante et de deux tables de nuit. A 100 mètre de la place de l'Etoile, tout proche des Champs Elysées, de la place Victor Hugo et non loin du Trocadéro. Il comprend un salon / salle à manger, deux chambres, une cuisine ouverte tout équipée et une salle de bains. Il offre un cadre de vie luxueux, confortable et spacieux, il peut recevoir jusqu’à 4 personnes. L'accueil est assuré par 
23749	"Bright studio, 32 sqm, on the eigth floor with a terrasse can accommodate two. It consists of: - the living room: a sofa bed (140x200) a coffee table, a HD TV, DVD, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - the kitchen block is fully equipped with 2 ring hob, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, and everything you need to cook; - three high chairs for the bar; a ""glass""shower, one basin; - the toilets with a washing and drying machine - several closets. The linen is provided."	"Five minutes walk from rue d'Auteuil restaurants, this bright studio with a private terrasse at the top of the building will meet your expectations. Bright studio, 32 sqm, on the eigth floor with a terrasse can accommodate two. It consists of: - the living room: a sofa bed (140x200) a coffee table, a HD TV, DVD, WIFI / broadband Internet connection; - the kitchen block is fully equipped with 2 ring hob, an owen, a fridge, cooker, kettle, a dish washer, and everything you need to cook; - three high chairs for the bar; a ""glass""shower, one basin; - the toilets with a washing and drying machine - several closets. The linen is provided."
23750	"Apartment / Loft of 70m2 on the 2nd floor with all comfort, decorated carefully just a step from the gardens of the Trocadéro. The decoration is clear and modern and the design furniture while remaining practical and comfortable. At your disposal a living room with HD flat screen, installation home-cinema, more than 200 available movies, library, a beautiful dining room which can welcome 8 persons at table, a great large open kitchen (""american kitchen"") fully equipped (Dishwasher, Oven, Microwave, Cooking plates, Refrigerator/Freezer, Toaster etc etc..) NESPRESSO coffee machine available   Also a beautiful desk, a comfortable bedroom with a big double bed and a lot of big arrangements. The apartment has a big bathroom with bathtub equipped with a washing machine / tumble-dryer. There's 2 single convertible-beds in the apartment, so 4 people can sleep there. High-Speed Wifi access and more than 100 TV Channels Bed linens, towels, kitchen utensils are provided Located at less than a 100"	"Really nice and comfortable modern appartement close to the Eiffel Tower / Trocadéro and Metro Station. In a really quiet and nice street you will find here the perfect place for your stay in Paris... Apartment / Loft of 70m2 on the 2nd floor with all comfort, decorated carefully just a step from the gardens of the Trocadéro. The decoration is clear and modern and the design furniture while remaining practical and comfortable. At your disposal a living room with HD flat screen, installation home-cinema, more than 200 available movies, library, a beautiful dining room which can welcome 8 persons at table, a great large open kitchen (""american kitchen"") fully equipped (Dishwasher, Oven, Microwave, Cooking plates, Refrigerator/Freezer, Toaster etc etc..) NESPRESSO coffee machine available   Also a beautiful desk, a comfortable bedroom with a big double bed and a lot of big arrangements. The apartment has a big bathroom with bathtub equipped with a washing machine / tumble-dryer. There's 2"
23751	You benefit from hotel standard services: bed linen, towels, cosmetic products, concierge services. Situated on the famous Avenue Foch, the studio is on the second floor of a beautiful and secured residence.	"Sophisticated studio on one of the most prestigious avenues of Paris, close to the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe, in a secure building. You benefit from hotel standard services: bed linen, towels, cosmetic products, concierge services. Situated on the famous Avenue Foch, the studio is on the second floor of a beautiful and secured residence. You will stay in one of the most exclusive avenue of Paris: Avenue Foch. The avenue is in the 16th arrondissement close to the Champs Elysées, one of the most beautiful avenues in the capital with multitudes of luxury boutiques (including the famous Louis Vuitton shop) and very good restaurants.  The Arc de Triomphe is on a walking distance. This is the ideal area for shopping and exploring Paris. The apartment is located just near the metro station ""Charles de Gaulle - Etoile"" linked to metro lines 1, 2 and 6, and the RER line A. These lines will give you access to all of Paris in a very short time. You are also at 5 minutes walk from Pal"
23752	"This holiday apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building from the 70's, with an elevator, in the 16th district of Paris. The one bedroom apartment (separated by a sliding shutter) is very sunny thanks to its picture windows. It is situated in a calm street in front of the charming “Hamlet Boileau”. Comfortable and functional, you will appreciate all the options this apartment offers for a stay in Paris: cable TV, Internet ADSL/Wi Fi, music equipment, telephone etc. Ideal for a couple : double bed (140x190cm) in the room, it is possible to have a third adult or two children thanks to its double sofa bed (140x190cm) in the living room. The American kitchen is fully equipped : microwave, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher etc... and a bathroom with a bathtub. This accommodation in Paris is close to the famous tennis court  Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes (for PSG football games) and Stade Jean-Bouin"" (for Stade Français rugby games). Well communicated, you will find the metr"	Nice, quiet and very bright flat in Auteuil, close to Rolland Garros, Parc des Princes, Stade jean Bouin, Trocadero. This holiday apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building from the 70's, with an elevator, in the 16th district of Paris. The one bedroom apartment (separated by a sliding shutter) is very sunny thanks to its picture windows. It is situated in a calm street in front of the charming “Hamlet Boileau”. Comfortable and functional, you will appreciate all the options this apartment offers for a stay in Paris: cable TV, Internet ADSL/Wi Fi, music equipment, telephone etc. Ideal for a couple : double bed (140x190cm) in the room, it is possible to have a third adult or two children thanks to its double sofa bed (140x190cm) in the living room. The American kitchen is fully equipped : microwave, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher etc... and a bathroom with a bathtub. This accommodation in Paris is close to the famous tennis court  Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes (for 
23753		"Very nice flat only 6 minutes by feet from Trocadéro, on the top floor with balcony. The flat is situated in the 16th arrondissement in one of the best neighborhoods in Paris, not far from the Seine and the Eiffel tower. As I will be on holidays for three weeks, the whole flat will be at your disposal. A commercial center is just a few meters away. There are several boulangeries and restaurants nearby. The whole neighborhood is very beautiful. Most houses are from the 19th century, many from the Haussmann period. The Seine River and the Eiffel tower are in the neighborhood as well. It is one of the nicest and ""bourgeois"" neighborhoods in Paris. Both metro stations Trocadéro or Victor Hugo are just a few minutes by foot away, same for additional bus lines. Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées are only 25 minutes by foot away, or you simply take 1 metro station from Avenue Victor Hugo or 3 metro stations from Trocadéro."
23754	Welcome to Paris !  Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, my charming apartment is less than 15min from the Eiffel Tower.  It consists of a main room which contains a double real bed and a sofa-bed. The kitchen is independant from the main room and so does the bathroom in which there is a bath and the toilets. This is a very sunny place with windows in every rooms and it is also very quiet.  A block from subways and bus stops Metro lignes : Metro10 et RER C, stop JAVEL-André Citroën              Ligne 8, stop Boucicaut  Bus 62, stops Javel / Saint Charles Just next to a nice shopping street with a viewpoint on the Eiffel Tower. It is very pleasant to spend some times on the market. 	Welcome to Paris !  Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, my charming apartment is less than 15min from the Eiffel Tower.  It consists of a main room which contains a double real bed and a sofa-bed. The kitchen is independant from the main room and so does the bathroom in which there is a bath and the toilets. This is a very sunny place with windows in every rooms and it is also very quiet.  A block from subways and bus stops Metro lignes : Metro10 et RER C, stop JAVEL-André Citroën              Ligne 8, stop Boucicaut  Bus 62, stops Javel / Saint Charles Just next to a nice shopping street with a viewpoint on the Eiffel Tower. It is very pleasant to spend some times on the market. 
23755	Despite it being central it is very quiet as the windows are not facing a road. The studio is in one of the safest area of Paris. To access the building you need to have a door code and en electronic key to open the second door to gain access to the stairs or the elevator, which takes you to the 6th floor. The studio is fully equipped, it has been designed to meet the expectations of a student or a business man. The kitchen is fully equipped (no dishwasher) with high quality appliances, including a built in fridge, a microwave, induction stove, hood, water boiler. Opposite to the kitchen you have a real closet, a bureau with built in light and drawers, below the window more storage area with a fold out dining table. The bed is a very confortable fold out couch (queen size) which opens with a single by folding the seats underneath. Like the studio, the bathroom meets high quality standard, newly tiled, nice shower with glass sliding doors, toilette, sink with cabinet, hairdryer and stor	A fews steps from Trocadero. The apartment is small yet comfortable studio with private bathroom, located on the last floor served by elevator. Recently rennovated by French architect is entirely custom made, ideal for both long and short staying. Despite it being central it is very quiet as the windows are not facing a road. The studio is in one of the safest area of Paris. To access the building you need to have a door code and en electronic key to open the second door to gain access to the stairs or the elevator, which takes you to the 6th floor. The studio is fully equipped, it has been designed to meet the expectations of a student or a business man. The kitchen is fully equipped (no dishwasher) with high quality appliances, including a built in fridge, a microwave, induction stove, hood, water boiler. Opposite to the kitchen you have a real closet, a bureau with built in light and drawers, below the window more storage area with a fold out dining table. The bed is a very conforta
23756	L'appartement comporte une entrée, un salon de 30 m2, une salle à manger, deux grandes chambres à coucher, l’une avec salle de bains, l’autre avec salle d’eaux (douche), une cuisine entièrement équipée (deux fours, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge), des WC séparés. L’appartement est meublé à l’ancienne (meubles d’époque et tableaux) : parquet de chêne, grands miroirs.  Le salon et la chambre 1 donnent sur un balcon faisant toute la largeur de l’appartement, orientation nord-est (soleil le matin) Le salon dispose d’un canapé transformable en lit deux places, de fauteuils et chaises, d’une table basse, d’une grande télévision (présence d’une cheminée à l’ancienne). La chambre 1 est équipée d’un lit de 120 cm de large, d’un grand placard penderie et d’une douche privative avec lavabo. La chambre 2 est équipée d’un grand lit de 160 cm, d’un placard dressing et d’une salle de bains privative. Acces internet, wifi. 	L'appartement comporte une entrée, un salon de 30 m2, une salle à manger, deux grandes chambres à coucher, l’une avec salle de bains, l’autre avec salle d’eaux (douche), une cuisine entièrement équipée (deux fours, plaques vitrocéramiques, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, sèche linge), des WC séparés. L’appartement est meublé à l’ancienne (meubles d’époque et tableaux) : parquet de chêne, grands miroirs.  Le salon et la chambre 1 donnent sur un balcon faisant toute la largeur de l’appartement, orientation nord-est (soleil le matin) Le salon dispose d’un canapé transformable en lit deux places, de fauteuils et chaises, d’une table basse, d’une grande télévision (présence d’une cheminée à l’ancienne). La chambre 1 est équipée d’un lit de 120 cm de large, d’un grand placard penderie et d’une douche privative avec lavabo. La chambre 2 est équipée d’un grand lit de 160 cm, d’un placard dressing et d’une salle de bains privative. Acces internet, wifi. Le quartier : - R
23757	2 pièces de charme, grand salon disposant d'un bar convivial. Chambre cosy dotée d'un lit 140. Les grandes baies vitrées s'ouvrent sur un balcon filant de 50cm de largeur. La cuisine est totalement équipée : micro ondes, four, 4 plaques électriques, lave vaisselle. L'appartement dispose de WC séparées et de WC dans la salle de bain.	Beautiful apartment in the 16th district, close to
23758	Le logement situation près du champs Élises  5Mn de  métro , surface 52m2.	appartement très lumineux,deux chambres,salle de bains,cuisine américaine équipée, a 5 mn a pieds De Champs élises ,à 10mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel métros à proximité  2 mn Porte Maillot et Argentine. Commerces en face. Surface 52M2. Le logement situation près du champs Élises  5Mn de  métro , surface 52m2. Accès des voyageurs location de l'appartement en totalité ,   une chambre avec un grand lit et l'autre avec un petit lit, salon avec canapé lit,  avec cuisine americaine totalement equipee dans le salon TV , Wi-Fi ,  Echanges avec les voyageurs par mail  Beaucoup de bars et de restaurants et plein de commerces de proximité : Carrefour , Pharmacie... ligne 1 Metro Porte Maillot, (website hidden), restaurants, supermercher en face,  farmacie, club, jardin d'acclimation parc de loisirs. 
23759	Newly renovated apartment, very clean and sunny, perfect size for two or three people!	Sunny studio apartement perfectly positioned between the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. 10m walk to Champs Elysée. 25 m² with kitchenette, large bathroom, and a luxary sofa-(website hidden), Wifi, Washing machine, etc.  English,French &Spanish spoken Newly renovated apartment, very clean and sunny, perfect size for two or three people! In this arrondissement, you have access to all the luxaries Paris has to offer. You are walking-distance to legendary attractions such as the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysée, as well as amazing restaurants, cafés, clubs, bars, and muséums. Metro line 6 close by.  Call when you want, we are close by! 
23760	un apartamento con conexión Wi-Fi gratuita en el distrito 16 de París, a 14 minutos a pie de la Torre Eiffel y a 200 metros de la estación de metro de Passy. Cuenta con TV de pantalla plana, lavadora, zona de estar con sofá y baño completo con ducha.  El apartamento  disponen de zona de cocina con microondas, nevera, horno, cafetera, tostadora y fogones. Este alojamiento está a 150 metros del río Sena, a 17 minutos a pie del Museo del Quai Branly y a 450 metros de La Maison de Balzac.	un apartamento con conexión Wi-Fi gratuita en el distrito 16 de París, a 14 minutos a pie de la Torre Eiffel y a 200 metros de la estación de metro de Passy. Cuenta con TV de pantalla plana, lavadora, zona de estar con sofá y baño completo con ducha.  El apartamento  disponen de zona de cocina con microondas, nevera, horno, cafetera, tostadora y fogones. Este alojamiento está a 150 metros del río Sena, a 17 minutos a pie del Museo del Quai Branly y a 450 metros de La Maison de Balzac. Esta cerca a varias líneas de autobus, estación de metro y RER.
23761	Au dernier étage sans bruit et sans vis à vis Il y a 2 chambres.  La première avec lit 1m60 La seconde aménagée en mezzanine avec un lit 1m20 et un lit enfant. Lit parapluie si besoin.	Appartement idéalement situé pour visiter Paris.  En plein coeur du 16 ème à deux pas du Trocadéro.  Dernier étage, sans vis à vis. Très grande terrasse et véranda  Exposition Est/Ouest. Au dernier étage sans bruit et sans vis à vis Il y a 2 chambres.  La première avec lit 1m60 La seconde aménagée en mezzanine avec un lit 1m20 et un lit enfant. Lit parapluie si besoin. 2 lignes de métro  Proche du Trocadero, Tour Eiffel, Musée Guimet, Histoire naturelle, shopping. L'essentiel c'est qu'ils puissent se sentir chez eux; Situé près de la rue de Passy ( commerces) ainsi que de nombreux parcs. Ligne 6 et Ligne 9 Bornes de Taxi Quartier calme et très bien desservi.
23762		The bedroom is rather big, there's a single bed and a really confortable mastress underneath
23763	LOvely flat 70m2, 2 bedrooms  the 1 room with  twin bed an the second room with a large bed and a sofa bed in the living room. This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: it will only take you 5 minutes to walk to the Eiffel Tower or to Champs Elysées .  The first room offers all comfort, with a bed really comfortable  (160*200) ,the 2nd room with a simply bed  for one person. And  a living area with  sofa ( there is an extra bed that could  accomodate 2 extra person , flat screen TV, wifi Internet connection…  Dear guest you will find at your arrival : -a gift  - some foods for your breakfast - really nuce tailers  - really nice bath towel  - a plan of paris - a guide of our flat Nearest subways: The apartment is situated just minutes from four major metro lines (lines 1, 2, 6, 9). The RER-A is a quick 5 minute walk from the apartment which can easily be accessed from both Charles De Gaulle and Orly airport We are close to Montmartre 15 min by subway ligne 2. Price is for 4 p	charming flat near eiffel tower 5min  and the Champs Elysees 8 min by walk 2 rooms and a sofa  bed for 2 persons on thé  living room  all accomodations around the flat LOvely flat 70m2, 2 bedrooms  the 1 room with  twin bed an the second room with a large bed and a sofa bed in the living room. This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: it will only take you 5 minutes to walk to the Eiffel Tower or to Champs Elysées .  The first room offers all comfort, with a bed really comfortable  (160*200) ,the 2nd room with a simply bed  for one person. And  a living area with  sofa ( there is an extra bed that could  accomodate 2 extra person , flat screen TV, wifi Internet connection…  Dear guest you will find at your arrival : -a gift  - some foods for your breakfast - really nuce tailers  - really nice bath towel  - a plan of paris - a guide of our flat Nearest subways: The apartment is situated just minutes from four major metro lines (lines 1, 2, 6, 9). The RER-A is a quick 5 minute
23764	Lumineux et agréable, ce charmant studio est à la fois pratique et confortable à vivre. Situé aux abords de toutes commodités (Casino au pied de l'immeuble, église, boulangeries, bouchers, banques, La Poste, restaurants, bars, tabac etc...), le confort de vie est un grand plus. Son balcon de 10 m² lui donne un accès ouvert en plein Paris et un sentiment de liberté. Immeuble très sécurisé et avec accès cour au premier étage.	"Situé en face d'une église, ce studio avec balcon de 30 m² est parfaitement situé pour être dans Paris. A 5 min à pied de Trocadéro et une dizaine de minute des Champs-Élysées, il est au pied de toutes commodités et commerces. Lumineux et agréable, ce charmant studio est à la fois pratique et confortable à vivre. Situé aux abords de toutes commodités (Casino au pied de l'immeuble, église, boulangeries, bouchers, banques, La Poste, restaurants, bars, tabac etc...), le confort de vie est un grand plus. Son balcon de 10 m² lui donne un accès ouvert en plein Paris et un sentiment de liberté. Immeuble très sécurisé et avec accès cour au premier étage. Comment peut on faire l'impasse en venant à Paris sur Les Champs-Élysées et Trocadéro. Ce quartier est ""the place to be "" à Paris. Vous serez à 5-10 min de tout. Ce studio est situé à 2 min à pied du Métro ""Rue de la Pompe"" ou ""Passy"". Au pied de l'immeuble passe le Bus 52 direction Porte de Saint-Cloud."
23765		Ce studio de 13m2 est calme,se trouve au premier étage d'une petite maison. Il donne sur une  cour fleurie. Beaucoup de transports à proximité. Quartier agréable avec restaurants cafés et nombreux commerces. Marché 3 fois par semaine.
23766		Modern Parisian studio (400 sq FT, 35 m2) located in the fancy 16th arrondissement, minutes away from Roland Garros and the Parc des Princes... And the Eiffel Tower. Nearby brasseries, cafés, shops and subway stations. Internet and balcony.
23767	Appartement rénové de deux chambres doubles ayant chacune sa salle de bains avec grande douche a l'italienne et wc privé Chaque chambre possède son large dressing confortable et un bureau    Une belle cuisine a l'américaine tout équipée avec un grand ilot central et de nombreux vastes rangements  Internet  wifi TV et téléphone dans toutes les pièces grâce à la fibre optique Le salon chaleureux avec un grand canapé et deux fauteuils est éclairé par une corniche et des spots led	Superbe appartement de charme rénové entièrement, calme au premier étage d'un immeuble de deux niveaux sur cour avec vue sur un jardin arboré A 100m station taxi RER bus métro et autolib Rue de l'Annonciation, vous trouverez petits commerces de proximité de grande qualité, boutiques de luxe, le Passy Plazza. Appartement rénové de deux chambres doubles ayant chacune sa salle de bains avec grande douche a l'italienne et wc privé Chaque chambre possède son large dressing confortable et un bureau    Une belle cuisine a l'américaine tout équipée avec un grand ilot central et de nombreux vastes rangements  Internet  wifi TV et téléphone dans toutes les pièces grâce à la fibre optique Le salon chaleureux avec un grand canapé et deux fauteuils est éclairé par une corniche et des spots led
23768		Beau 3 pièces avec grand séjour sur rue avec balcon, sdb, wc , 2 chambres à coucher plus convertibles dans  salon, cuisine équipée, ascenseur, parkings à proximité, proche de Trocadéro, Etoile, avenue Kleber. Métro Victor Hugo. Le problème de la douche rencontré il y a quelques jours est entièrement résolu. Vous avons enfin reçu la pièce vendu uniquement sur commande.
23769		Grande chambre de 16m2 dans un appartement agréable à toute proximité de Roland Garros, 10min du Trocadéro, 15min des Champs Elysées. (Métro Michel-Ange Molitor ligne 9 et 10). Une adorable Golden Retriever pour vous accueillir!
23770	This lovely 32 square meter studio apartment is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 7thd French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps up to 2 people.  This apartment is equipped with: a Washer, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone, Cable TV and is two steps from l’arc de Triomph. This apartment is perfect for relaxing and having a glass of wine after a long day of sightseeing.	Comfortable studio apartment located near the Arc de Triomph and Champs-Eylsees with a view of the Eiffel Tower. This lovely 32 square meter studio apartment is located in the 17th arrondissement, on the 7thd French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps up to 2 people.  This apartment is equipped with: a Washer, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Phone, Cable TV and is two steps from l’arc de Triomph. This apartment is perfect for relaxing and having a glass of wine after a long day of sightseeing. Interaction by email, as well as my assistant, Lesley, will meet you at the apartment, show you around and answer any questions you may still have. Subway: Charles DeGaulle Etoile or Victor Hugo (line 2) -Area: Charles DeGaulle Etoile. This apartment is located in the chic 17th district, on the wide Haussmanian avenue Victor Hugo. The Arc de Triumph, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower and Tuileries Garden/Place de Concorde are all within walking distance. Aside from being nearb
23771	Il est à 2mn du métro aussi il est a 5 mn a pied du parc des princes et à 15 minutes du Roland garros.	Un marché est à proximité 3 fois/ sem.Situé à 2 mn du métro et de la station de taxi plusieurs restaurants et brasserie à 2 minutes.à pieds. Il est à 2mn du métro aussi il est a 5 mn a pied du parc des princes et à 15 minutes du Roland garros. la cuisine wc salle de bain . Oui volontiers L ambiance du quartier est sympa avec plusieurs brasseries et restaurant . Bus métro station de taxi a 2mn à 30mn de l aéroport en taxi. cuisine marocaine à la carte faite maison plus visite de paris à prix speciale. Prise électrique anti moustique. Dentifrice ,shampooing ,après shampooing, gel douche déodorant ,Cotton tige ,mousse à raser ,Cotton démaquillant, sèche cheveux  ,plaque à cheveux lisser,fer à repasser fournis
23772	2 pièces avec 1 chambre lit double et possibilité d'utiliser le canapé lit double très confortable dans le salon. Cuisine séparée toute équipée, salle de bain de charme avec cabine de douche, toilettes séparées. Internet et TV. 	Situé en plein 16ème arrondissement (entre Porte de St Cloud et Porte d'Auteuil) au pied du Parc des Princes - à 5 min à pied de Roland Garros et du bois de Boulogne. Charmant 2 pièces calme, tout équipé (internet & Tv) au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. 2 pièces avec 1 chambre lit double et possibilité d'utiliser le canapé lit double très confortable dans le salon. Cuisine séparée toute équipée, salle de bain de charme avec cabine de douche, toilettes séparées. Internet et TV. L'appartement entier - internet & TV - équipement de la cuisine.machine à laver et lave vaisselle. Au coeur du 16ème arrondissement - 3 min de la porte de Saint Cloud - 5 min de la porte d'Auteuil avec Bois de Boulogne / Roland Garros / Hippodrome de Longchamp. Metro ligne 9 : Porte de St Cloud Metro ligne 10 : Porte d'Auteuil  Bus : PC (phone number hidden) euros la nuit pour 2 personnes.
23773	this flat is situed in paris in arrondissemant very chic and quiet 16 ieme around very good restaurants at any price bus and metro very near, plenty of nice commerces sheap and expensive, a parking public at 100 meters , taxi etc..good ambiance around My flat is very well equiped all moderne machine and very confortaable  bed almost new Have a good time in paris Philippe	this flat is situed in paris in arrondissemant very chic and quiet 16 ieme around very good restaurants at any price bus and metro very near, plenty of nice commerces sheap and expensive, a parking public at 100 meters , taxi etc..good ambiance around My flat is very well equiped all moderne machine and very confortaable  bed almost new Have a good time in paris Philippe
23774	Hidden in the suggestive city of Light rises this beautiful Building restored with love and respect for the whole European culture.  Visiting us will bring you in contact with a relaxed and peaceful lifestyle which estern societies have lost long time ago. You will have the pleasure to enjoy fine parisian ambient, with its soft colours and traditional materials without loosing comfort and luxury.	under  Hidden in the suggestive city of Light rises this beautiful Building restored with love and respect for the whole European culture.  Visiting us will bring you in contact with a relaxed and peaceful lifestyle which estern societies have lost long time ago. You will have the pleasure to enjoy fine parisian ambient, with its soft colours and traditional materials without loosing comfort and luxury. In the coolness of the courtyard time takes a different shape, flowing quietly under the trees, taking you in a relaxing and meditative atmosphere you will not forget. We invite you to rest on our peaceful terrace drinking a glass of tea and enjoying the free wifi and breakfast. We will be very happy about your visit, our goal is to make you feel at home, for an unforgettable holiday in Paris !  Enjoy our Apartments and his friendly staff ! You can book your excursions, your day trips and your breakfast directly here at the Reception Desk. We also offer restaurant service, you will be a
23775	This spacious and luminous one bedroom 90 SQM apartment in the hear tof the elegant 16th district, La muette in close proximity to OECD  is the perfect location for your Parisian getaway. The apartmentis fully equipped and tastefully decorated. It is equipped in a manner to ensure your comfort during your stay in paris. On entering the premises there is a corridor leading on to the living room.  There is an independent guest WC in the corridor. The living room has a dining table with chairs, a sofabed, coffee table and several arm chairs. The television with cable TV and WiFi are based in the living room. The living room gives onto a modern kitchen with all the amenities, oven, fridge, dishwasher, microwave and all the utensils and crockery required for a pleasant stay. The bedroom is also accesed from the living room. It is big. It is equipped with a large bed, a sofa and coffee table. The bathroom is acesed through the bedroom and is equipped with a large shower, sink and WC. 	This spacious and luminous one bedroom apartment in the hear tof the elegant 16th district, La muette in close proximity to OECD
23776	After passing the front door and accessed directly to the 6th floor with a small lift, you will cross public and typical corridor. You will enter your 2 rooms apartment, which looks like a Junior Suite. Many services and 2 mn from famous monuments of Paris (Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower). Very functional and bright A real cocoon 38m2 Carrez Law.	Bright cocoon Under roofs. 2mn from the Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées. 2 adults & 1 child.. Recently renovated : entrance, equipped kitchen, TV lounge, WIFI, bedroom for 2, large bathroom, separate WC, guardian.  After passing the front door and accessed directly to the 6th floor with a small lift, you will cross public and typical corridor. You will enter your 2 rooms apartment, which looks like a Junior Suite. Many services and 2 mn from famous monuments of Paris (Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower). Very functional and bright A real cocoon 38m2 Carrez Law. Travelers will be able to use what they want (equipped kitchenette, basic groceries, TV, Wifi, Ipod base, Nepresso machine, tea, breakfast on request, bed for 2 persons 160 x 190). Arrival between 4.00 & 8.00 PM (please specify when booking if possible), check out before 11.30 AM. Minimum of 2 nights. Owner and downstairs neighbour, I can propose you a homemade breakfast and give you sightseeing advices. Central and 
23777	Offrez un séjour parisien à votre dulciné(e) dans ce bel appartement de 2 pièces de 32 m2 à la décoration soignée. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois du quartier Exelmans, profitez d'un emplacement recherché dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Le séjour moderne dispose d'une TV avec Internet en illimité. La cuisine américaine avec son bar est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Savourez vos nuits dans la belle chambre double avec une salle de douche moderne séparée.  	Votre séjour parisien dans ce splendide appartement de 2 pièces à la décoration moderne sur 32 m2. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble à deux pas des berges de la Seine dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Idéal pour 2. Offrez un séjour parisien à votre dulciné(e) dans ce bel appartement de 2 pièces de 32 m2 à la décoration soignée. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois du quartier Exelmans, profitez d'un emplacement recherché dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris. Le séjour moderne dispose d'une TV avec Internet en illimité. La cuisine américaine avec son bar est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Savourez vos nuits dans la belle chambre double avec une salle de douche moderne séparée.   Le 16ème arrondissement reste l'un des plus prestigieux de la capitale. Promenez-vous le long des berges de la Seine et découvrez une multitude de musées accessibles à pied : le Musée Baccarat, le Cristal Room, le Musée Georges Clemenceau, le Palais de Tokyo
23778	Large room, very nice decoration, ideal for a couple.	This is a charming room, with a bathroom and a separate entrance from the rest of the apartment. The room is very calm, and is surrounded by a garden. Our neighborhood is quite, with many nice shops, and just 5 mns walking to the Eiffel tower ! Large room, very nice decoration, ideal for a couple. Lovely neighbourood : calm but also rich of shops, nice shopping areas. Very green neighborhood, a lot of space, many museums and interesting things to be seen. 5 minutes away from the Eiffel tower. Public transport very convenient, literally 3 minutes walking from the subway station Passy.
23779	Floor: 5th floor with elevator  Fully equipped kitchen (microwave, blender..)  Surface Area: 45 sqm  Shopping street : rue de Passy , 5 minutes walk Internet: unlimited WIFI This is my personal flat: 45 m2 apartment very bright (3m long window  One large living area and a fully equipped kitchen. The apartment is ideal for a couple. My apartment is located in the 16th Arrondissement long known as one of the most fashionable and beautiful Arrondissement of Paris. It is an area of elegant boulevards and typical boutiques. It is overlooking the shopping rue de Passy and is very close to the Eiffel Tower. Facilities: a large flat screen TV Refrigerator/freezer, all basic cooking tools, moka coffee machine and water kettle. Linen and towels are provided. Hair Dryer in the bathroom.  Free unlimited WiFi. In the close surroundings, you will have the possibility to discover some of the city’s best landmarks. The Eiffel Tower, the Place du Trocadero and its gardens (housing the Musée de l’Homme,	Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in Passy Trocadero, close to the Eiffel Tower, where you can enjoy your stay in the city of love ! Type: one Bedroom + one bathroom + large living area + fully equipped kitchen  Floor: 4th floor with
23780	L'appartement est situé dans le quartier résidentiel d'Auteuil, près de Roland Garros, pour les matchs internationnaux et de la sortie de Paris par l'A 10 vers Bordeaux et l'A 13 vers la Normandie. Tout près du Bois de Boulogne, de l'hippodrome de Longchamps et du joli parc fleuri de Bagatelle.	Appartement, gardien, 1 chambre avec lit double, cuisine équipé, TV et Internet Wifi. donnant sur joli jardin, dans le 16ème, près quartier AUTEUIL, sortie de Paris vers A 1.  Près de Roland Garros, dans rue calme, métro, bus, commerces, parcs. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier résidentiel d'Auteuil, près de Roland Garros, pour les matchs internationnaux et de la sortie de Paris par l'A 10 vers Bordeaux et l'A 13 vers la Normandie. Tout près du Bois de Boulogne, de l'hippodrome de Longchamps et du joli parc fleuri de Bagatelle. Je souhaite louer mon appartement à des personnes seules où des couples, sans enfants. Les animaux ne sont pas admis. Non fumeurs. J'apprécie le côté résidentiel du quartier, calme tout en ayant toutes les commoditées à proximité, ainsi que de la sortie de Paris proche et de nombreux espaces verts. Vous pourrez accéder à l'appartement par les lignes de métro n°9, station Michel-Ange Molitor et la ligne 10, station Chardon-Lagache. Par les bus n° 22 et 62,
23781		Bel appartement familial en plein coeur du très elegant 16eme arrondissement de Paris, situé près de la Tour Eiffel, et de la place du Trocadéro. 4 chambres, 3 sdb, et de tres spacieuses pièces a vivre. Décoré par architecte avec bcp de personnalite
23782	(we speak english but no time today to translate, sorry !! dont hesitate to ask all you questinos anyway ;) Le studio, situé dans un quartier très agréable (tous commerces à proximité, restaurants, marché, 10 mn à pied du Bois de Boulogne) vient d’être refait à neuf. D’une surface de 18 m2, calme, il est situé au rez de chaussée (sur petite cour). d’un bel immeuble de 7 étages (avec ascenceur) récemment rénové et peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il est desservi par deux stations de métro (lignes 9 et 10 qui rejoignent rapidement les principaux sites de la capitale) et plusieurs stations de bus. Il est composé - d’une petite entrée avec coin cuisine équipé (réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, deux plaques de cuisson électriques, grille-pain, bouilloire, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, fer à repasser) - d’une pièce lumineuse (canapé-lit confortable pour 2 personnes, internet avec WIFI, téléviseur, radio, table(s), bibliothèque, armoire et placards de rangement + fer à repasser ) - d’une salle de	(we speak english but no time today to translate, sorry !! dont hesitate to ask all you questinos anyway ;) Le studio, situé dans un quartier très agréable (tous commerces à proximité, restaurants, marché, 10 mn à pied du Bois de Boulogne) vient d’être refait à neuf. D’une surface de 18 m2, calme, il est situé au rez de chaussée (sur petite cour). d’un bel immeuble de 7 étages (avec ascenceur) récemment rénové et peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il est desservi par deux stations de métro (lignes 9 et 10 qui rejoignent rapidement les principaux sites de la capitale) et plusieurs stations de bus. Il est composé - d’une petite entrée avec coin cuisine équipé (réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, deux plaques de cuisson électriques, grille-pain, bouilloire, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine, fer à repasser) - d’une pièce lumineuse (canapé-lit confortable pour 2 personnes, internet avec WIFI, téléviseur, radio, table(s), bibliothèque, armoire et placards de rangement + fer à repasser ) - d’une salle de
23783		Such a nice cocoon to receive you for a real parisian stay. Please be aware that it might be tight for 4 adults and 2 adults plus 2 child is more appropriate. Airbnb pictures make the place wider than it is ;) Still a pleasure to receive you !
23784	All the windows of the apartment have the view on the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, comfortable apartment with all the necessity.	"Big 2/3 rooms with modern equipments, Quality furnitures , wonderfull view on the Eiffel tower and ""La Seine"" river from the windows .Bright and well ordered apartment. Close to many touristic places bateaux mouches, statut de la liberté etc.. All the windows of the apartment have the view on the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, comfortable apartment with all the necessity. 2-rooms apartment of 56 Sqm arranging of a big lounge: sofa 4 places not convertible, Coffee table, Armchair and of a big dining table. In the big bed room of 24sqm : separated by a removable partition 2 beds on one side and one bed in 160x200 . I will meet every travelers personally, I can also advise you some Parisian good addresses. Trocadéro, Passy, Beaugrenelle, Champ de Mars Very good location to visit Paris many public transportation Bus, Subway: Trocadéro line 9, Passy line 6, RER C Provision of umbrellas"
23785		Located  26 avenue president wilson first floor in a building type Hausmanienne
23786	This apartment can accomodate 4 people, and is equipped with : a washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils quipped with : elevator, intercom. The 12 square meters entrance hall leads directly to bedroom #2, bathroom #1 and the living room. The 10 square meters open eat in kitchen is equipped with : a bar with 3 bar stools, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled floor.	This modern 109 square meters , 2 Bedrooms, is located rue Beethoven in the 16th arrondissement, on the 5 th floor of a 20th century building. This apartment can accomodate 4 people. This apartment can accomodate 4 people, and is equipped with : a washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils quipped with : elevator, intercom. The 12 square meters entrance hall leads directly to bedroom #2, bathroom #1 and the living room. The 10 square meters open eat in kitchen is equipped with : a bar with 3 bar stools, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, oven, microwave, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, and all kitchen utensils, built-in wall closet, tiled floor. The whole apartment over e-mail and phone With its ornate 19th century buildings, large avenues, prestigious schools, museums and various parks, the arrondissement has long been known as one of French high soci
23787	"Between “Trocadero” and “Arc de Triomphe” (west part of the center of Paris), closed to the Eiffel Tower & Seine bank, we rent a quiet apartment on the 1st floor with elevator. Convenient for 4 people with its 2 quiets bedrooms, it also has a nice living room. furnished kitchen. bathroom with wc. Very (website hidden), wifi. Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower are less than 10 minutes walk,  The ""Bois de Boulogne"", countryside of paris, is walking distance. there are many restaurants such as ""Corso""(mediteranean food) french brasserie ""Scossa"",  Raphael and Shangri La hotels (french gastronomy). museums: Palais de tokyo (contemporary art), Guimet museum (asian arts). others : Trocadero marine aquarium, Bakeries "	"Between “Trocadero” and “Arc de Triomphe” (west part of the center of Paris), closed to the Eiffel Tower & Seine bank, we rent a quiet apartment on the 1st floor with elevator. Convenient for 4 people with its 2 quiets bedrooms, it also has a nice living room. furnished kitchen. bathroom with wc. Very (website hidden), wifi. Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower are less than 10 minutes walk,  The ""Bois de Boulogne"", countryside of paris, is walking distance. there are many restaurants such as ""Corso""(mediteranean food) french brasserie ""Scossa"",  Raphael and Shangri La hotels (french gastronomy). museums: Palais de tokyo (contemporary art), Guimet museum (asian arts). others : Trocadero marine aquarium, Bakeries Subway: Line 6 station ""Boissière"" Line 9 station ""Iéna"""
23788	Le logement est calme et son exposition est ouest permet un bel ensoleillement. Il comporte une entrée, une grande chambre avec un grand lit, une cuisine et un grand salon.	Beau 2 pièces de 80m2,  au 4ème étage d'un immeuble situé dans une impasse tranquille du 16ème arrondissement, sans vis à vis et disposant d'un parking au sous sol . Metro et RER proches,commerces et nombreux restaurants vous feront aimer ce lieu Le logement est calme et son exposition est ouest permet un bel ensoleillement. Il comporte une entrée, une grande chambre avec un grand lit, une cuisine et un grand salon. Toutes les installations de l'appartement sont à disposition des locataires. Nombreux commerces de bouche avec marché 2 fois dans la semaine dans la rue. Restaurants en nombre.  Pour les amateurs de musique, ne pas manquer les nombreux concerts, souvent gratuits, donnés à la Maison de la Radio nouvellement rénovée. Métro ligne 9 station Ranelagh à 400m, RER ligne C stations Boulainvilliers et Kennedy à 300m. Bus ligne 52 à 50m.
23789	I just renovated this nice and bright flat, it is composed of one bedroom wit a 140 cm double bed, a living room with a 140 cm sofa bed, a large and well equipped kitchen, with a dining room corner. Cooktop, oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, boiler, coffee machine  a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilets.  Everything is brand new since we just equipped it.	Nice renovated flat, modern, bright and well equipped, located in the 16th district a few steps from le Bois de Boulogne et le Parc des Princes,  In a very animated area, subway and all shops within 2 minutes, easy access from the airport. I just renovated this nice and bright flat, it is composed of one bedroom wit a 140 cm double bed, a living room with a 140 cm sofa bed, a large and well equipped kitchen, with a dining room corner. Cooktop, oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, boiler, coffee machine  a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilets.  Everything is brand new since we just equipped it. You will have access to the whole place for you. You will receive my recommendations for all good spots around shopping, restaurants and place to see you are in the nice and wealth area of Porte de Saint Cloud, it's a residential but very animated area. All shops and restaurant around within 5 minutes, in the avenue de Versailles, Supermarket and farmer marker 3 times a week just down t
23790		Very Parisien appartment there is double bed and sofa-bed.
23791		Chambre calme avec sa terrasse sur cour intérieure. Partenariat avec un hôtel voisin qui permet de récupérer la clé 24h/24 7j/7, un code wifi à l'hotel , de prendre un petit-déjeuner. Nettoyage quotidien de la chambre. taxe de séjour:0,99€/pers/nuit
23792	Grand studio de 31 m2 avec balcon situé à 2mn de la place du Trocadéro et à 10mn de la Tour Eiffel. Cet appartement est situé au 8ème étage et offre une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Il dispose d'une kitchenette et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le WIFI gratuit est disponible ainsi que plus de 200 chaines de télévision en plusieurs langues. Les voyageurs ont accès à tous les équipements électroménagers de l'appartement sauf la machine à laver. Machine Nespresso. Les draps de lit sont fournis. Je serai présente à l'arrivée des voyageurs et tout au long du séjour par téléphone ou sur place si possible.  Quartier calme à proximité de la place du Trocadéro et de ses restaurants qui offre une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel. Situé à 2mn de la station de métro TROCADERO (lignes 6 et 9) ainsi que des lignes de bus  n°22 et 32. Au pied de l'immeuble se trouve un supermarché Franprix. Les voyageurs ont accès à tous les équipements électroménagers de l'appartement sauf la machine à la	Grand studio de 31m2 à 10mn de la Tour Eiffel! Situé à 2mn de la place du Trocadéro dans le 16e arrondissement, ce grand studio dispose d'une salle de bain séparée avec baignoire et d'une kitchenette. Il dispose du WIFI et de plus de 200 chaines. Grand studio de 31 m2 avec balcon situé à 2mn de la place du Trocadéro et à 10mn de la Tour Eiffel. Cet appartement est situé au 8ème étage et offre une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Il dispose d'une kitchenette et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le WIFI gratuit est disponible ainsi que plus de 200 chaines de télévision en plusieurs langues. Les voyageurs ont accès à tous les équipements électroménagers de l'appartement sauf la machine à laver. Machine Nespresso. Les draps de lit sont fournis. Je serai présente à l'arrivée des voyageurs et tout au long du séjour par téléphone ou sur place si possible.  Quartier calme à proximité de la place du Trocadéro et de ses restaurants qui offre une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel. Situé à 2mn 
23793	Situé dans le quartier le plus bourgeois de Paris, ce petit studio de 15m carrés vous offre calme, propreté et lumière. Idéal pour y travailler, mais également pour ceux qui apprécient le silence une fois rentrés à la maison. Dans le quartier vous y sentirez toujours en sécurité.	Studio dans immeuble bourgeois situé à 10 minutes à pieds de la tour Eiffel, 5 du Trocadero et du Musée Monnet, 1 minute de tout commerce. Equipé d' internet, imprimante, téléphone fixe gratuit. 6eme étage sans ascenseur, toilette sur le palier.  Situé dans le quartier le plus bourgeois de Paris, ce petit studio de 15m carrés vous offre calme, propreté et lumière. Idéal pour y travailler, mais également pour ceux qui apprécient le silence une fois rentrés à la maison. Dans le quartier vous y sentirez toujours en sécurité. Culture:Maison de Balzac, maison de la radio, musée Monnet, Musée du vin, Castel berager, parc  Ranelagh, jardin Passy, bois de Boulogne. Commerces en bas du logement: Macdo, Starbucks, centre commerciale Passy Plaza, 4 boulangeries, 3 supermarchés, boutiques tout au long de la rue de Passy Echanges réguliers par mail ou par telephone Metro Ligne  9 Muette, Ligne 6 Passy RER C  Bus 32 et 54
23794		30 m2 . Situation exceptionnelle. A 100 m de la place du Trocadéro ,  des musées, de la Tour Eiffel. Tout Paris peut être visité sans voiture ..l appart est très bien équipe, TV écran plat , micro-ondes, four électrique, plaque vitro. Lit bb  offert.
23795	Apartment on higher ground floor consisting of 3 rooms with view on Eiffel-tower. Bed room and living room full south facing and very bright onto avenue with trees.  Bed room with king sized bed and ensuite bathroom with bathtub, water basin and WC. Very closed to many places to visit and restaurants.  Dining room with sofa bed for one person. Possibility to demand a baby/toddler bed (3-24 months). Minimum staying 4 nights. Generous entrance hall, small kitchen and shower room with WC. 10 minutes by foot to Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower and boat cruise on the Seine river.  In front the flat bus stop (No 32) to the Garnier Opera an department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and to the Quartier Latin (No 63).  Very close to many museums: Museum of Modern Art, Palais Tokyo, Quai Branly Museum, etc. Unlimited Wifi and internet access and free telephone to fixed and mobile telephones in France and fixed telephones to many countries ( eg. USA, Allemagne, Canada, Italie, Espagne, Suisse	VERY NICE FLAT, FULL SOUTH, HEART PARIS, CLOSED TROCADERO, EIFFEL TOWER, CHAMPS ELYSEES, SEINE'S RIVER. ALL TRANSPORTS 1/3 MN. LIVING ROOM, DINING ROOM, BEDROOM, SHOWER ROOM, BATHROOM, 2 WC, KITCHEN ALL FURNISHED. WIFI, TELEVISION Apartment on higher ground floor consisting of 3 rooms with view on Eiffel-tower. Bed room and living room full south facing and very bright onto avenue with trees.  Bed room with king sized bed and ensuite bathroom with bathtub, water basin and WC. Very closed to many places to visit and restaurants.  Dining room with sofa bed for one person. Possibility to demand a baby/toddler bed (3-24 months). Minimum staying 4 nights. Generous entrance hall, small kitchen and shower room with WC. 10 minutes by foot to Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower and boat cruise on the Seine river.  In front the flat bus stop (No 32) to the Garnier Opera an department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and to the Quartier Latin (No 63).  Very close to many museums: Museum of Modern 
23796	Ultra fonctionnel et au pied du métro et des commerces  	Beau 2 pièces , super calme mais idéalement situé au pied du métro Marcel Sembat et sur la ligne 9 direct pour visiter les champs Elysées, Le trocadéro Tour Eiffel, les grands Magasins Galeries Lafayette...Opéra... Ultra fonctionnel et au pied du métro et des commerces   Tout confort , linge fourni  Au pied du métro ligne 9 -Marcel Sembat -sortie N7
23797		loue a Paris 16eme a 2 pas du bois de Boulogne un joli appartement avec parking dans une petite copropriété. proche du RER B, du parc du Ranelagh, à 6mn a pied du métro porte de la muette.
23798		Il y a un chat adorable. Savoir parler un minimum français. Long séjour privilégié Paiement en espèce d'avance
23799		Un appartement d un charme très particulier 65 m2 volumes atypiques, avec un salon-chambre et une salle a manger qui donnent sur un immense jardin de 160 m2 le salon est equipé d un convertible très confortable de deux places
23800	Large en comfortable rooms with haussman-style. Bottom out of wood-parquet. 	Located in Auteuil-Village inside Paris, next to Rolland-Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Ideal for joggers and triathletes. Nice building with Haussman-style, private bedroom with own bath, utilization of kitchen. Free Wifi. Large en comfortable rooms with haussman-style. Bottom out of wood-parquet. Kitchen, Wifi Other possibilities on request (breakfast, etc.) High-standing building and location, one of the favorite locations to live in Paris Very easy transportation : Métro (5 min) bus and public bicycles at the corner. Perfect location to reach the city-center, enjoy the Auteuil-village with its nice market and its cafés, go walking/jogging in the Bois de Boulogne. Swimming pools next to here.
23801	Very well located in a nice and safe area, 10 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Iéna and Trocadéro.  Très bien situé dans un quartier sûr et calme à 10 min à pieds des Champs, de l'Arc de Triomphe, Iéna, Trocadéro. 	Lovely quiet located 15 m2 apartment close to Arc de Triomphe Ideal for enjoying Paris or to stay for professional reason-  Studio de 15 m2 mansardé très calme à deux pas de l' Arc de Triomphe. Very well located in a nice and safe area, 10 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Iéna and Trocadéro.  Très bien situé dans un quartier sûr et calme à 10 min à pieds des Champs, de l'Arc de Triomphe, Iéna, Trocadéro. The entire 1 room-appartment is at your disposal.  La totalité du studio sera à votre disposition. It is easy to reach me if necessary. I will be there for the arrival and departure of the host. Je ne serai pas sur place mais il est facile de me joindre,  je serai là pour l'accueil et le départ. In the north of the 16th district, very nice area, lot of shops and restaurants, convenient public transportation.  Le nord du 16ème arrondissement est très vivant et très bien desservi par les transports en commun. 1 minutes walk from métro Victor Hugo (line 2) and 4 from m
23802	"Perfect location for visit and shopping, Passy is like a ""village"" in Paris THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is very quiet, on the first floor (one above ground) with access by services entrance.  The studio is fully furnished with queen size bed. The bathroom has a brand new shower, washbasin and toilet. AMENITIES:  TV   Wi-Fi  Stereo System bluetooth Vitroceramic  Microwave  Nespresso coffee machine  Iron/Board  Hair Dryer LOCATION:  The apartment is idealy located, the best location in Paris. The most exclusive areas.  Many interesting places are to be found in a walking distance:  - Tour Eiffel (5 mn) - Trocadero square and museum (2 mn)  - Arc de triomphe (15mn or 4 stations) TRANSPORTS:  Metro: Passy (1min.walk)             Trocadero (3min.walk) Cab station: Costa Rica Place (30 sec. walk)  Electric cars to rent (Autolib): round the corner (10 secwalk) Bikes to rent (Velib): round the corner (10sec. walk) CONDITIONS:   No pets allowed DAY-TO-DAY LIFE:  Concierge in the building.  Mo"	"The best location in Paris ! 2 minutes walk to  Eiffel Tower&Trocadero Typically parisian area close to the famous Rue de Passy with all its ""boutiques"". Charming Studio very recently refurbished in a modern and design style. Perfect location for visit and shopping, Passy is like a ""village"" in Paris THE APARTMENT:  The apartment is very quiet, on the first floor (one above ground) with access by services entrance.  The studio is fully furnished with queen size bed. The bathroom has a brand new shower, washbasin and toilet. AMENITIES:  TV   Wi-Fi  Stereo System bluetooth Vitroceramic  Microwave  Nespresso coffee machine  Iron/Board  Hair Dryer LOCATION:  The apartment is idealy located, the best location in Paris. The most exclusive areas.  Many interesting places are to be found in a walking distance:  - Tour Eiffel (5 mn) - Trocadero square and museum (2 mn)  - Arc de triomphe (15mn or 4 stations) TRANSPORTS:  Metro: Passy (1min.walk)             Trocadero (3min.walk) Cab station: Co"
23803	*****Stop enquiring after other dates and times than the ones on the calendar. I live here (and sometimes leave the place), I cannot help you if you want to come to school here or whatever else you need.**** Studio 15 m2 (very small) close to Trocadero, Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees on the first floor. Charming room with a large window with garden view. Comes with a sofa bed, a wardrobe, a fully equipped kitchen, induction plate, refrigerator, oven, toaster, washing machine, kettle. The bathroom features a shower, toilet and sink unit. Sheets and towels are provided. Free internet connection, printer provided. The neighborhood is calm and posh, it is 5 minutes away from Trocadero - a square with a great view of the Eiffel Tower. There is a Domino's pizza on the corner of the street, and on the next street there is an old traditional russian restaurant. A shop is less than 2 minutes away. The metro station is La Muette on line 9. The garden and the calm make the studio a great pla	This place is very small. It has a small room and a small bathroom. It is also very close to Trocadero in a nice area with a grocery store very close. *****Stop enquiring after other dates and times than the ones on the calendar. I live here (and sometimes leave the place), I cannot help you if you want to come to school here or whatever else you need.**** Studio 15 m2 (very small) close to Trocadero, Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees on the first floor. Charming room with a large window with garden view. Comes with a sofa bed, a wardrobe, a fully equipped kitchen, induction plate, refrigerator, oven, toaster, washing machine, kettle. The bathroom features a shower, toilet and sink unit. Sheets and towels are provided. Free internet connection, printer provided. The neighborhood is calm and posh, it is 5 minutes away from Trocadero - a square with a great view of the Eiffel Tower. There is a Domino's pizza on the corner of the street, and on the next street there is an old traditiona
23804	Ce logement de 11 m2 vient d'être refait à neuf. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous.  Il peut accueillir 2 adultes. 	"Ce logement de 11 m2 vient d'être refait à neuf. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous.  Il peut accueillir 2 adultes.  Je ne serai pas toujours présent pour vous remettre les clefs en mains propres mais si vous avez le moindre problème ou si vous voulez des conseils pour des restaurants ou autres, n'hésitez pas. Ce quartier est unique car il est situé à 5 min à pied du Trocadéro et à 10-15 min à pied de l'Etoile et des Champs-Elysées. Il est également situé dans une très belle avenue, avec des magasins de luxe, de nombreux restaurants et un centre commercial. Il y a également une laverie automatique non loin de l'appartement. Vous pouvez accéder au logement en sortant à la station ""Victor Hugo"" (ligne 2) ou ""Pompe"" (ligne 9). Vous pouvez également prendre le bus n°52 et sortir à la station Lycée Janson de Sailly."
23805	This charming studio has been renovated in 2011, it is ideally located in the heart of 16th district, combining the peace and security and the central aspect. Tastefully decorated, functional, offering the comfort of a hotel room. Ideal for one person and easy for 2. You're a few minutes from all the sights, EIFFEL TOWER, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, the Champs Elysées .... Subway, bus R.E.R walking distance.Ideally located. You'll have to climb 7 floors (NO ELEVATOR), SAD but no elevator, the shower is in the studio but the toilette is outside very clean, in the hallway. Vous aurez à monter 7 étages (sans ascenseur), triste mais pas d'ascenseur, la douche est dans le studio, mais la toilette est à l'extérieur très propre, dans le couloir. You are on a limited budget this is the place for you, as a student that is a luxurious place to stay in, save your money for all the fun you can have this summer, or stay in, while you're at school this fall. Reserve it before school starts, you are around the 	This charming studio has been renovated in 2011, it is ideally located in the heart of 16th district, combining the peace and security and the central aspect. Tastefully decorated, functional, offering the comfort of a hotel room. Ideal for one person and easy for 2. You're a few minutes from all the sights, EIFFEL TOWER, ARC DE TRIOMPHE, the Champs Elysées .... Subway, bus R.E.R walking distance.Ideally located. You'll have to climb 7 floors (NO ELEVATOR), SAD but no elevator, the shower is in the studio but the toilette is outside very clean, in the hallway. Vous aurez à monter 7 étages (sans ascenseur), triste mais pas d'ascenseur, la douche est dans le studio, mais la toilette est à l'extérieur très propre, dans le couloir. You are on a limited budget this is the place for you, as a student that is a luxurious place to stay in, save your money for all the fun you can have this summer, or stay in, while you're at school this fall. Reserve it before school starts, you are around the 
23806	Exceptional houseboat artfully decorated and designed located  across from the Eiffel Tower in the 16th arrondissement near the Trocadero, Museum of Modern Art, Museum of African Art (Branly), Museum Guimet, Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.  A  2 min walk to the Passy metro station.   Windows galore allowing incredible views of the Seine and surrounding area.  The space is 645 sq feet (65m2) which includes a BR, LR/DR, kitchen, toilet and separate shower room; terrace (40m2), parking & internet. Quiet location!   Welcome to an original, atypical Paris stay on the river in front of the world's most iconic landmark - sparkling at night!  View from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) to the Bir Hakeim Bridge - an amazing iron structure shown in many movies (Last Tango in Paris, Inception...). Many public transit : *BatoBus : shuttle service on the river, pass for several days, main spots in Paris. *bus 72 all along the Seine (direct for Concorde, Louvre, Hotel de Ville) *metro Passy, 4 statio	Exceptional houseboat artfully decorated and designed located  across from the Eiffel Tower in the 16th arrondissement near the Trocadero, Museum of Modern Art, Museum of African Art (Branly), Museum Guimet, Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées.  A  2 min walk to the Passy metro station.   Windows galore allowing incredible views of the Seine and surrounding area.  The space is 645 sq feet (65m2) which includes a BR, LR/DR, kitchen, toilet and separate shower room; terrace (40m2), parking & internet. Quiet location!   Welcome to an original, atypical Paris stay on the river in front of the world's most iconic landmark - sparkling at night!  View from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) to the Bir Hakeim Bridge - an amazing iron structure shown in many movies (Last Tango in Paris, Inception...). Many public transit : *BatoBus : shuttle service on the river, pass for several days, main spots in Paris. *bus 72 all along the Seine (direct for Concorde, Louvre, Hotel de Ville) *metro Passy, 4 statio
23807	Feel like a parisien while you visit the city in a very fancy neighbohood. The building and inside of the apartment are kept in excellent conditions. you'll feel living in Paris in the XIX century with today's confort. The apartment is completly équipe because the person that lives in it went on vacations for 2 months.	43 mts 2 apartment. very confortable. Big bedroom and living room with sofa bed with big window with view to the Boulevard Murat.  Feel like a parisien while you visit the city in a very fancy neighbohood. The building and inside of the apartment are kept in excellent conditions. you'll feel living in Paris in the XIX century with today's confort. The apartment is completly équipe because the person that lives in it went on vacations for 2 months. youll have accèss to everything in the (website hidden), wifi, sofa bed, kitchen, washing machine. direct contact the day of the check in and check out. Always available by phone or chat thru the platform. The neighborhood is one of the most fancys in Paris. Markets and restaurant near. Big supermarcket of carrefour. Is very calm because its just beside of the biggest long of the city the park og Boulogne. very eau too the park of prises. Roland Garros and 2 minutes walking from the stadium of the Paris Saint German.  Line 9 of the Métro stat
23808	Located on the 6th floor of a beautiful Haussmanien building in the 16 eme arrondissement of Paris, this studio has all you need for a stay in Paris. The buiding is secured, has an elevator.	Located on the 6th floor of a beautiful Haussmanien building in the 16 eme arrondissement of Paris, this studio has all you need for a stay in Paris. The buiding is secured, has an elevator.
23809	Quiet and private room with personal shower. Easy access to metro , shops and parks.	The room is in a family apartment, on a quiet courtyard, has a desk, a drawer space. Free wifi double beb with linen and towels provided. Private shower and wash basin Close to Trocadero and Bois de Boulogne, 3 minutes away from the metro Quiet and private room with personal shower. Easy access to metro , shops and parks. Free wifi -  Access to the kitchen for breakfast We will be happy to assist you during your stay  Lively neighbourhood with shops, supermarkets, restaurants and bars Metro Ranelagh - Ligne 9 Security deposit 150 euros 
23810	Quite, cosy and very convenient. The only small issue is the painting in the bathroom that is going away. Else everything is in good shape. You have everything you coule need in ordre to have a nice vacation. In the appt you have: free wifi, Tv, micro wave, heating plates, nice and confy bed. Taxi station, buses, Metro and rer are few minutes away. You can also do everything by walk.	Cosy and quite place 2min away from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysees, 5min away from the Trocadero. 1rst floor of a building at the end of a courtyard. All can be done by walk: commodities, sight seeing and shopping. Near RER, metro and airport bus.
23811	"A few city houses remain in Paris, here and there. Leave your window open and be awaken by song birds. Welcome to a three story house built a century ago and a family property since 1904. The first floor apartment used to be the household's 700 square feet reception area. Box ceiling, crown moulding, interior chimneys have been preserved and restored. Modern and period furniture are mixed to offer comfort while preserving the house's historic character. The kitchen and the bathroom have been modernized and completely renovated. The apartment's large living space can be separated into a front room and a bedroom. It is fully furnished with a dining table for 6 and sofa bed in the front room, a french size double bed and a single bed on the other side. The apartment sleeps 3 adults comfortably. The house is located in the chic ""village d'Auteuil"" neighborhood of Paris' 16th arrondissement and surrounded by local markets and shopping areas (rue d'Auteuil, rue de Passy....). You will find a"	"A few city houses remain in Paris, here and there. Leave your window open and be awaken by song birds. Welcome to a three story house built a century ago and a family property since 1904. The first floor apartment used to be the household's 700 square feet reception area. Box ceiling, crown moulding, interior chimneys have been preserved and restored. Modern and period furniture are mixed to offer comfort while preserving the house's historic character. The kitchen and the bathroom have been modernized and completely renovated. The apartment's large living space can be separated into a front room and a bedroom. It is fully furnished with a dining table for 6 and sofa bed in the front room, a french size double bed and a single bed on the other side. The apartment sleeps 3 adults comfortably. The house is located in the chic ""village d'Auteuil"" neighborhood of Paris' 16th arrondissement and surrounded by local markets and shopping areas (rue d'Auteuil, rue de Passy....). You will find a"
23812	L'appartement dispose de 2 chambres, une entrée, un salon spacieux (avec canapé-lit facile à utiliser et la qualité) d'une petite salle de bains avec douche et toilettes séparées, Il a de petites fenêtres et des vues sur les toits de Paris à la pointe de la Tour Eiffel. Le décor de cet appartement spacieux est contemporain avec une touche de style parisien classique. Une maison facile à vivre et une atmosphère fabuleuse au milieu de magasins d'alimentation typiquement français. Internet haut débit et Wifi gratuit!, Stéréo et TV Il est composé de 2 chambres, une salle de bain propre, une cuisine design et offre à ses clients une liste d'équipements. Parmi ceux que nous avons Accueil 24h/24, 7j / 7, les appels téléphoniques gratuits vers les fixes dans 40 pays (Europe et Amérique du Nord), internet haut débit illimité, wifi, TV LCD, plus de 100 chaînes et services tels que le ménage hebdomadaire, linge fourni et changés chaque semaine, nespresso café et thé Dammann frères  Les voyageurs 	This spacious apartment is ideally situated in the centre of Paris, right next to the vastly sized Bois de Boulogne Park. The iconic Eiffel Tower is just a 20-minute walk away. The apartment features small windows offering views over the rooftops of Bed linen and towels are provided and are changed weekly. A weekly cleaning service is available.  Phone calls can be made throughout Europe and North America.  Nespresso coffee and Dammann Freres tea are available.
23813	Superb 80sqm apartment a spacious and stylish living room, entirely side-facing a 25sqm terrace. The terrace is very well equipped with great lightings The apartment offers a trendy and comfortable divan, in front of a large flat screen TV, with a home cinema sound system.  A fancy dinning table stands in front of terrace. You also have a very nice wooden bar with three high chairs. Superb and large stairways are leading to the upper floor. The kitchen comes fully equipped, with a hob, an oven, a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, an expresso machine, a toaster, a boiler, etc..  The splendid bedroom offers a top quality king size bed (180x200 cm), an ensuite shower-room and a dressing room. The bedroom also has a flat screen TV, an ipod station, an impressive collection of hundreds of DVD's This full of charms bedroom is entirely side-facing the second terrace. Finally the apartment has 2 bathrooms.	Exceptional 80sqm duplex apartment with two superb terraces. The apartment has a large living-room,  a king-sized ensuite bedroom upstairs, a second bathroom and air conditioning In the fancy 16th district, between Trocadero and Champs Elysées Superb 80sqm apartment a spacious and stylish living room, entirely side-facing a 25sqm terrace. The terrace is very well equipped with great lightings The apartment offers a trendy and comfortable divan, in front of a large flat screen TV, with a home cinema sound system.  A fancy dinning table stands in front of terrace. You also have a very nice wooden bar with three high chairs. Superb and large stairways are leading to the upper floor. The kitchen comes fully equipped, with a hob, an oven, a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, an expresso machine, a toaster, a boiler, etc..  The splendid bedroom offers a top quality king size bed (180x200 cm), an ensuite shower-room and a dressing room. The bedroom also has a flat screen TV, an ipod station, an 
23814		Superbe appartement de 110 mètres carrés . 4 pièces avec parquet , très belle salle de bain , 2 terrasses sur (website hidden) dans la résidence. Très calme au 5 ème étage vue sur tour effel.Wifi partout dans l'appartement .Métro à 100 metres .calme.
23815	Studio à 10min du Trocadero pour deux personnes 32m2	Studio lumineux avec grande cuisine et salle de bain  Petit balcon Situé quartier Mozart Studio à 10min du Trocadero pour deux personnes 32m2 A proximité du Trocadero/ Champs Elysée Bois de Boulogne/ porte maillot Echange voyageurs Quartier agréable proches commodités Métro, RER, bus, à 10 min porte maillot confort
23816	Remis à neuf en Avril 2013, l'appartement est composé d'une pièce principale très claire avec un canapé lit et un bureau séparé de la cuisine par un mini bar (la cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un lave-vaisselle ainsi que d'un four à micro-ondes et d'une hôte) et d'une salle de bain avec un lave-linge. La fenêtre de l'appartement (double vitrage) a été changée en février 2015. En revanche, l'immeuble ne dispose pas de volets déroulants ... j'ai donc mis des rideaux très épais qui permettent de ne pas être réveillé par le jour !	Appartement de 30m2 situé au 5e étage, remis à neuf et très bien situé. Très bien localisé par rapport aux lieux touristiques  (bus 63 ou le métro 6 et 9), il est également proche des commerces (franprix à 2m de l'entrée), notamment de Passy. Remis à neuf en Avril 2013, l'appartement est composé d'une pièce principale très claire avec un canapé lit et un bureau séparé de la cuisine par un mini bar (la cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un lave-vaisselle ainsi que d'un four à micro-ondes et d'une hôte) et d'une salle de bain avec un lave-linge. La fenêtre de l'appartement (double vitrage) a été changée en février 2015. En revanche, l'immeuble ne dispose pas de volets déroulants ... j'ai donc mis des rideaux très épais qui permettent de ne pas être réveillé par le jour ! Accès à un grand nombre de moyens de transport (métro, bus, autolib, taxi) ainsi qu'à des commerces (Franprix, boutiques de prêts à porter, pharmacie, boulangerie).  L'immeuble dispose de deux ascenseurs. Je remettrai les 
23817		Village d'Auteuil. Proche transports commerces de proximité, quais Tour Eiffel. Quartier calme idéal familles cuisine équipée Wi-Fi haut débit TV Freebox, deux chambres King-size+2 lits simples. Capacité 6 personnes. 5-7 nuits minimum.
23818		Located in a very chic parisian arrondissement (16eme), this charming apartement is walking distance from the eiffel tower (5min) and champs elysees (15-20 min). You will also enjoy the many restaurents , bakeries and speciality stores around.
23819		Chambre confortable. Partenariat avec un hôtel voisin qui permet de récupérer la clé 24h/24 7j/7, et de prendre un petit-déjeuner. Wifi disponible à l’hôtel. Nettoyage quotidien de la chambre. Taxe de séjour:0,99€/pers/nuit à payer à l'arrivée.
23820	"APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement). It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is ""Disabled"" friendly & perfect for families with children. It is spacious and well equipped. Its 2 terraces will make you enjoy one of the best districts of Paris : a lovely Eiffel tower view in addition to a Rue de "	APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION This charming & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement). APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement). It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The Elysee-Chaillot apartmen
23821	This accommodation has an area of 110 sqm - 1184 sqft, is located on 1st French floor without elevator.  It can accommodate 4 person(s) Located in rue Claude Terrasse , It features :  1 dining room,1 room,1 living room,1 bedroom(s),1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television.	This elegant 110 sqm 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Claude Terrasse in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, Auteuil district. It lies on the 1st floor without elevator of a typical building of this part of Paris. This accommodation has an area of 110 sqm - 1184 sqft, is located on 1st French floor without elevator.  It can accommodate 4 person(s) Located in rue Claude Terrasse , It features :  1 dining room,1 room,1 living room,1 bedroom(s),1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television. ONE BEDROOM of 4 room(s), can accommodate 4 persons(s) located rue Claude Terrasse in Paris 16ème arrondissement This area has the reputation of b
23822	"security, luxury, animated market street by the backdoor, peace and quite as studio faces the garden, village atmosphere yet high street shopping, close to Eiffel tower, parking access,  shampoo, soap, towels, frensh bed linen, free wireless. If I am not present the concierge will be helpful. Everything is there ! Village atmosphere in Rue de l'Annonciation. High street shopping in rue de Passy. Charm of open food market, pedestrian street,  excellent bakery below the building. All shops in the surrounding, nice restaurants cafes and bars within minutes Bus 32 in front of building (to Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower), Velib (bicycles) in front of building, metro Muette and Passy within 5 minutes, Parking option in building I live in apartment next door and can assist in case of need. Unless I am travelling. The 2nd bed is the convertible / sofa. You sleep excellent on it. 4 blocks are turned into a large ""madrass"". See picture"	High-standing Residence 10 min from Eiffel Tower, camera surveillance, 24h  concierge services. Lots of french charm: Open-air markets, charming pedestrian streets by the backdoor.  security, luxury, animated market street by the backdoor, peace and quite as studio faces the garden, village atmosphere yet high street shopping, close to Eiffel tower, parking access,  shampoo, soap, towels, frensh bed linen, free wireless. If I am not present the concierge will be helpful. Everything is there ! Village atmosphere in Rue de l'Annonciation. High street shopping in rue de Passy. Charm of open food market, pedestrian street,  excellent bakery below the building. All shops in the surrounding, nice restaurants cafes and bars within minutes Bus 32 in front of building (to Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower), Velib (bicycles) in front of building, metro Muette and Passy within 5 minutes, Parking option in building I live in apartment next door and can assist in case of need. Unless I am travelling. Th
23823		4 pièces Belle hauteur sous plafond- Ensoleillé - Dans quartier commerçant/ 2 chambres ( 1 suite parentale avec dressing) et une chambre d'enfants ( lits superposés) A proximité de la Tour Eiffel & des Champs Elysées. À proximité des espaces verts. Metro / bus.
23824	Would you like to live in an old bourgeoise house, typical from the 16th district? The building is in fact an ole bourgeoise house, 3 floors, and now separated in 6 apartments. Your apartment is located on the 3rd floor, last floor on the house. This apartment offers a large lounge / dining room with a balcony, a bedroom, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom. The decor is neat, and you will appreciate the Art Nouveau period furnitures. It can accommodate 4 people.	I propose you to stay in this 1 bedroom apartment, about 50 square meters,  located rue Montevideo in the 16th arrondissement of Paris just steps from the Avenue Foch and not far from the Place Victor Hugo. Would you like to live in an old bourgeoise house, typical from the 16th district? The building is in fact an ole bourgeoise house, 3 floors, and now separated in 6 apartments. Your apartment is located on the 3rd floor, last floor on the house. This apartment offers a large lounge / dining room with a balcony, a bedroom, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom. The decor is neat, and you will appreciate the Art Nouveau period furnitures. It can accommodate 4 people. This part of the 16th district is very quiet. You have food shops and markets 5 minute walk away from the apartment. Avenue Henri Martin RER-metro If you arrive early or leave late you can store your luggage in an automatic locker located nearby : City Locker (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Le Marais, Hôtel de Ville
23825		10-minutes to the EIFFEL TOWER little cosy studio in the 16th ( the most fashionable district of Paris) Line 9 , RER C nearby ( by it you can easy reach Chateau de Versaille) There is everything you need for comfortable staying!
23826	16éme arrondissement. Very quiet Parisian apartment which can host 5 persons. 3 bedrooms. 10 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower and 10 mn métro to Champs-Elysées. 15mn in RER C of Notre-Dame and direct to Château de Versailles	16éme arrondissement. Very quiet Parisian apartment which can host 5 persons. 3 bedrooms. 10 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower and 10 mn métro to Champs-Elysées. 15mn in RER C of Notre-Dame and direct to Château de Versailles The famous Street of (email hidden) walk for the shopping. 1 mn walk to Ranelagh station; line 9; and 5 mn walk Boulainvilliers station.   Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysées, Galleries Lafayette, Louvre Museum, Musée d'Orsay and Notre Dame within 20 minutes. Direct to Château de Versailles. 1 minute walk to grocery store, supermarket,  backery, pharmacy, butcher, café and restaurants... bourgeois neighborhood and quiet street, 1 minute walk to métro Ranelagh  ligne 9. 10 minutes walk to Boulogne wood and 20 minutes For tennis fans to Roland Garros high speed internet wifi, 200 channels TV . 3 bedrooms : Ch°1: with a bed 140/190, Ch°2 : 2 beds 90/190, Ch°3: 1 bed 90/190. walk-in-closet to tidy up clothes and suitcases, iron. 1 bathroom with towel dryer.
23827		Superbe 200m2 situé dans le haut 16ème Salon Tripartique + 1 suite + 2 chambres + Balcon filant le long de l'apptmt Amazing 200sqm in the upper side of 16th arr 3-part living room + 1 master room + 2 bedrooms +a Balcony along the entire flat Au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur) au pied du métro Muette Next to Métro Muette | at the 6th floor La concierge recevra les voyageurs. The concierge will welcome the guests. L'appartement se situe entre le reposant jardin du Ranelagh et la très animée rue de Passy, pour les amateurs de shopping. Au pied du restaurants, se trouve une multitude de restaurant : La Rotonde, Dino, La Gare, Chez bon (restaurant designé par P. Starck), et diverses boulangeries et brasseries. The flat is located btwn the very quiet Jardin du Ranelagh and the lively Rue de Passy dedicated to shopping afficionados. Next to the apprtment, there are many restaurants, including La Rotonde, Dino, La Gare, Chez Bon (a restaurant designed by P. Starck) and many traditional brasseries 
23828	Great neighborhood. Lovely large 47m2 (500sqft) 1-bedroom with a large balcony overlooking a calm and peaceful residential street away from the urban city noise. Very bright apartment with large floor to ceiling window.	"Great 1-bedroom, in luxury building with doorman. Large balcony facing a quiet street. Very well located in Auteuil, one of the nicest and safest neighborhood of Paris.  15 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower  5 minutes walk from subway lines 9 & 10 Great neighborhood. Lovely large 47m2 (500sqft) 1-bedroom with a large balcony overlooking a calm and peaceful residential street away from the urban city noise. Very bright apartment with large floor to ceiling (website hidden) + internet wifi network  We live in the same building, so we are available if you need any help. Great Residential neighborhood, calm with many unique ""restaurants de quartier"", which are restaurants primarily known by real Parisians, with great French authentic food and ambiance. The neighborhood, is called ""village d'Auteuil"", because it used to be a village like several centuries ago, so even today, it still have warm friendly atmosphere, where you can walk in the streets, enjoy the neighborhood people living in a d"
23829	intérieur charmant et sous les toits, cosy, où on y voit la tour Eiffel, typiquement parisien. Studette de 10m2 du côté salon et 10m2 mansarde côté bain et kitchinette. En tout 22m2 au sol, Chaîne hifi Tv de 165 chaînes avec internet illimité !	Studette tout confort dans un superbe immeuble Haussmannien, du 16 arr. de Paris, 6ème étage sans ascenseur, gardien digicode, porte blindée. Chauffage collectif, baignoire, toilette, tout neuf et vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Métro Boissière ou Trocadéro. intérieur charmant et sous les toits, cosy, où on y voit la tour Eiffel, typiquement parisien. Studette de 10m2 du côté salon et 10m2 mansarde côté bain et kitchinette. En tout 22m2 au sol, Chaîne hifi Tv de 165 chaînes avec internet illimité ! Métro/bus/taxis par mails ou par textos, je reste à la disposition du client pour mieux répondre à sa demande avec un grand plaisir. le prestige du romantisme du quartier. Très bien desservi, métro, bus et taxi au pied de la studette. Quartier agréable et calme. métro TROCADERO ou BOISSIERE/bus/taxis non fumeur, pas d'animaux pour éviter les allergies pour les suivants, et concernant le tarif pour la nuit minimum 2 nuits.
23830	Belle appartement en pleins coeur de Paris, ensoleillé et bien desservie 	Belle appartement en pleins coeur de Paris, ensoleillé et bien desservie  Calme, restaurant sympa, proche de Passy et du centre Beaugrenelles  Métro, RER et bus
23831	Charming duplex (80 sq. m) in a XIX townhouse in the district La Muette. The flat is suitable for a couple and two childs or a couple and an adult. First floor: terrace, living-room, dining-room with open kitchen, separate toilet, master bedroom. Ground floor: private garden, kid bedroom, bathroom. - 1 master bedroom (140 x 200), - 1 kid bedroom (60 x 120), - 1 bed (90 x 190) in the living room - 1 bathroom, large clawfoot bathtub, toilet, laundry corner (washing machine, ironing board) - 1 separate toilet - Open kitchen - Living room with a fireplace (logs at disposal), video projector for the DVD drive, hi-fi system, high speed Internet - Central heating - Terrace  - Little private garden - Shared garden	80 sq. m duplex, two bedrooms. Large living-room, terrace and little garden to chill-out after touring and shopping. In the 16 district, museums, restaurants, food and fashion shops nearby. 2 min from metro station La Muette and RER Boulainvilliers. Charming duplex (80 sq. m) in a XIX townhouse in the district La Muette. The flat is suitable for a couple and two childs or a couple and an adult. First floor: terrace, living-room, dining-room with open kitchen, separate toilet, master bedroom. Ground floor: private garden, kid bedroom, bathroom. - 1 master bedroom (140 x 200), - 1 kid bedroom (60 x 120), - 1 bed (90 x 190) in the living room - 1 bathroom, large clawfoot bathtub, toilet, laundry corner (washing machine, ironing board) - 1 separate toilet - Open kitchen - Living room with a fireplace (logs at disposal), video projector for the DVD drive, hi-fi system, high speed Internet - Central heating - Terrace  - Little private garden - Shared garden Our guests will have access to the
23832	Superb decor, with light and airy rooms, this entire well proportioned apartment is situated within the exclusive Paris 16th Mirabeau Bridge area with easy reach to Eiffel Tower, shopping facilities and transportation. The design is modern and provides a relaxing environment with below key features - Located at higher floor  with 2 lifts accesses  - Set in a purpose-built residential low-rise building - Large living and dinning room, with dining table for 4, 1 sofa bed, 1 TV sofa and 1 low table - Library, TV, Internet, modern style decoration and paintings on the wall - Hallway with storage room - Separate Kitchen with great storage  and space, well equipped in domestic appliance - Large bedroom, with a queen size bed and large fitted wardrobes and storage facilities - separate and well presented bathroom and WC The exclusive Mirabeau bridge area is within easy reach to shopping, supermarkets, cafes, restaurants, ATM. Transport links includes Underground Metro, Bus, Public and Public 	Fashion and modern interiors, this well proportioned  one bedroom apartment is situated within the Chic Paris Mirabeau Bridge area with easy reach to Eiffel Tower. This exclusive flat  offers  spacious  separate living room, bed room, bathroom and kicthen, all well fitted.Recently introduced to AirBnB, enjoy exceptional launching prices. Superb decor, with light and airy rooms, this entire well proportioned apartment is situated within the exclusive Paris 16th Mirabeau Bridge area with easy reach to Eiffel Tower, shopping facilities and transportation. The design is modern and provides a relaxing environment with below key features - Located at higher floor  with 2 lifts accesses  - Set in a purpose-built residential low-rise building - Large living and dinning room, with dining table for 4, 1 sofa bed, 1 TV sofa and 1 low table - Library, TV, Internet, modern style decoration and paintings on the wall - Hallway with storage room - Separate Kitchen with great storage  and space, well e
23833	J'ai créé ce logement avec un architecte et j'y ai vecu 1 année avant mon mariage. Il beneficie d'un équipement exceptionnel, il est baigné de soleil et vous beneficierez d'un trés grand calme.	J'ai créé ce logement avec un architecte et j'y ai vecu 1 année avant mon mariage. Il beneficie d'un équipement exceptionnel, il est baigné de soleil et vous beneficierez d'un trés grand calme. Tous les équipements de l'appartement Les commerces de bouche sont trés nombreux et 3 fois par semaine il y a un marché trés important avenue de Versaille (200m de l'appartement) métro, taxi, velib, voiture. Parking public disponible à 200 m avec tarif special pour abonnement une semaine minimum Appartement sans ascenseur au 4ème étage mais ma mère de 79 ans les montent plusieurs fois dans la journée
23834		Bonjour, Cette chambre pour 2 personnes, à 7 min à pied du Trocadéro, est idéalement placée pour les visites de Paris.  Dans un appartement de 35m² avec le soleil dans la chambre le matin et dans la cuisine le soir, est parfaite pour 
23835	Appartement de charme situé à deux pas des quartiers chics dans une belle résidence sécurisée.  Idéal pour un couple, il se compose d'un séjour lumineux et spacieux, d'une salle à manger, d'une chambre avec lit 160x200, d'une cuisine tout équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, et sanitaires indépendants.	Tout proche de l'hippodrome d'Auteuil et des quartiers chics, cet appartement de charme idéalement situé dans une résidence du début de siècle vous offre un cadre reposant et serein au coeur de l'agitation parisienne. Appartement de charme situé à deux pas des quartiers chics dans une belle résidence sécurisée.  Idéal pour un couple, il se compose d'un séjour lumineux et spacieux, d'une salle à manger, d'une chambre avec lit 160x200, d'une cuisine tout équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, et sanitaires indépendants. Parisien depuis toujours, les restaurants, bars branchés, expositions et musées n'ont plus de secrets pour nous. N'hésitez pas à nous demander des conseils M 9 Station Exelmans M 10 Station Porte d'Auteuil
23836	A soothing modern space, with its pleasant kitchen enlightened by day. Also, it is a spacious and well decorated apartment, all furnished, coming with its sound system.	A cute well-located modern apartment. Restaurants, stores, nice walks, metros, bus, velibs, autolibs and cultural spots, are all in the neighborhood, and some are just down the apartment. Near Eiffel Tower, and also Champs Elysées. A soothing modern space, with its pleasant kitchen enlightened by day. Also, it is a spacious and well decorated apartment, all furnished, coming with its sound system. Everything is less than 300meters away : Pizzeria, Asian restaurants, Tabac, Cafe, all kind of stores, metro, velibs, autolibs. You also have nice walks at the Quai des Cygnes, giving you one of the best view on the Eiffel Tower. Accessible by all means of land transportation. Two metro lines are coming right next to the place. You also have autolib stations.
23837	"Cosy and luminous one bedroom 54 sqm apartment on quiet courtyard at the 2nd floor with lift of a beautiful Parisian building. The apartment accommodates 5 people with one double bed in the bedroom, one sofa double bed in the dining room and one sofa-single-bed in the living room. It is located Rue Mesnil in the 16th arondissement few meters from the nice indoor market Marché Saint Dider and the chic Place Victor Hugo between Arc de Triomphe, Trocadero and Eiffel Tower. It includes one bedroom with double bed 140*185 cm ; one equipped american kitchen with induction hob, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils ; one living room with TV, sofa single bed 90*185 ; one dinning room with dinning table, sofa-double-bed 140*200 ; one bathroom with bath tub/shower, hair dryer ; and one separated toilet. * Towels and linens provided * Hair dryer * 2nd floor with lift * Nearest metro stop : ""Victor Hugo"" at 350 m, ""Boissière"" at 600 m and ""Trocadero"" at 700 m Area : V"	"Cosy and luminous one bedroom 54 sqm apartment on quiet courtyard at the 2nd floor with lift of a beautiful Parisian building. The apartment accommodates 5 people with one double bed in the bedroom, one sofa double bed in the dining room and one sofa-single-bed in the living room. It is located Rue Mesnil in the 16th arondissement few meters from the nice indoor market Marché Saint Dider and the chic Place Victor Hugo between Arc de Triomphe, Trocadero and Eiffel Tower. It includes one bedroom with double bed 140*185 cm ; one equipped american kitchen with induction hob, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, kettle, toaster, kitchen utensils ; one living room with TV, sofa single bed 90*185 ; one dinning room with dinning table, sofa-double-bed 140*200 ; one bathroom with bath tub/shower, hair dryer ; and one separated toilet. * Towels and linens provided * Hair dryer * 2nd floor with lift * Nearest metro stop : ""Victor Hugo"" at 350 m, ""Boissière"" at 600 m and ""Trocadero"" at 700 m Area : V"
23838	Très bien situé à proximité immédiate des transports, de la rue de Passy, du bois de Boulogne et du centre de Paris	Très bien situé à proximité immédiate des transports, de la rue de Passy, du bois de Boulogne et du centre de Paris Proximite Jardins du Ranelagh, bois de Boulogne, transports à proximité immédiate,  Quartier très commerçant, très belles boutiques de la Rue de Passy, commerces alimentaires à proximité. Métro La Muette à 50m/ RER Boulainvilliers à 100m/ bus et taxis à proximité immédiate de l immeuble
23839	Propre, lumineux et spacieux, ce studio équipé apporte une vrai sensation de calme en plein coeur de Paris. Vous apprécierez également ce balcon ensoleillé donnant sur une cour fleurie. Bright, clean and spacious, this fournished studio is very calm even if in the center of Paris. You will probably enjoy the balcony and the flowery courtyard	(5 min Eiffel tower / 5 minutes champs Elysées) Découvrez Paris et résidez dans un agréable Studio de 20m2 situé dans l'un des plus beaux quartiers de la capitale.   Discover Paris and stay in a comfy studio situated in a beautiful district. Propre, lumineux et spacieux, ce studio équipé apporte une vrai sensation de calme en plein coeur de Paris. Vous apprécierez également ce balcon ensoleillé donnant sur une cour fleurie. Bright, clean and spacious, this fournished studio is very calm even if in the center of Paris. You will probably enjoy the balcony and the flowery courtyard L'appartement est loué entier, donc vous aurez accès à tout l'espace. (La salle de bain, la kitchenette, le salon, le balcon) You will be free to accès all rooms ( bathroom, kitchen, living room, balcony) Je serai ravie de vous renseigner concernant avec votre voyage à Paris. I will be more than happy to answer your questions concerning your trip to Paris. Situé entre Tocadéro et les Champs Elizées, ce quartier
23840	The apartment is full of light and very quiet.	Very nice apartment, with a typical parisian style. It is very close to the Metro Line 9, Michel-Ange Molitor station (going all over the north side of Paris) and to the Metro Line 10 Chardon Lagache station (going all over the south side of Paris).  The apartment is full of light and very quiet. The apartment is very close to Roland Garros.  The apartment is on the 4th floor without elevator, but it worth it!
23841	L'appartement dispose d'un grand salon qui est lumineux grâce à ses fenêtres orienté, lors du petit déjeuner vous pouvez prendre un bain de soleil. C'est une pièce très agréable à vivre. Vous y trouvez un coin salon avec canapé convertible , table basse et une salle à manger pour 6 personnes. LG Smart TV 52 pouces 3D, avec films à volonté (netflix).   La cuisine, entièrement équipé. Machine à laver, four et plaques de cuisson, frigo, évier, vaisselle, casseroles, etc - tout est la! Une chambre avec un lit double (160 x 200) Vous trouvez sur place des serviettes blanche (grandes et petites taille) ainsi que les draps, vous mets également un plan et descriptif du quartier à disposition  (tous les meilleurs restaurants, bars, café, etc) Machine à café et thé Docle Gusto, à disposition.  Rue de passy à deux pas! a 5 min de la tour Eiffel et du trocadero.  Commerces à proximité nombreux( marché typiques, fruits, légumes, boucherie, boulangerie, banques postes).  Métro: La muette (9), passy(	L'appartement est très bien distribué.  Peut accueillir confortablement 4 personnes, profitez de sa grande salle à manger pour 6 personnes. Quartier touristique, agréable et sécuritaire, commerces à proximité.  Priix trèèès intéressant !!!!! L'appartement dispose d'un grand salon qui est lumineux grâce à ses fenêtres orienté, lors du petit déjeuner vous pouvez prendre un bain de soleil. C'est une pièce très agréable à vivre. Vous y trouvez un coin salon avec canapé convertible , table basse et une salle à manger pour 6 personnes. LG Smart TV 52 pouces 3D, avec films à volonté (netflix).   La cuisine, entièrement équipé. Machine à laver, four et plaques de cuisson, frigo, évier, vaisselle, casseroles, etc - tout est la! Une chambre avec un lit double (160 x 200) Vous trouvez sur place des serviettes blanche (grandes et petites taille) ainsi que les draps, vous mets également un plan et descriptif du quartier à disposition  (tous les meilleurs restaurants, bars, café, etc) Machine à café
23842		Charmant studio meublé de 30 m² en plein cœur de Paris, à 3min à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe (Champs Élysées) à 15 min de la Tour Effeil. Très calme et lumineux.  Situé dans une rue à proximité de plusieurs commerces, restaurants et bars.
23843	Description: Apartment / loft design very, very bright and quiet 2 rooms + 1 mezzanine - 55 m² Charm of old building and completely renovated with large volume 3rd floor of a charming building - Fully furnished apartment - Large space including entrance hall, lounge, dining room and open kitchen (fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, cutlery and kitchen utensils) - Bar and dining table  - Private double room very cozy with wardrobes, side yard - linens provided - 2 extra beds in the living room with the comfortable sofa  - Bathroom with bath - linen provided location: -Very nice neighborhood, living but quiet  -Conveniently located between Auteuil (Roland Garros) and the Porte de Versailles (exhibition place), the Bois de Boulogne (walking or jogging) and Parc des Prince stadium  (sports and music) - Close to everything-trade area (everything is available at less than 200m) -Surrounded by restaurants and brewing all types Open-market 3/times per week (Tuesday, Thu	Description: Apartment / loft design very, very bright and quiet 2 rooms + 1 mezzanine - 55 m² Charm of old building and completely renovated with large volume 3rd floor of a charming building - Fully furnished apartment - Large space including entrance hall, lounge, dining room and open kitchen (fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, cutlery and kitchen utensils) - Bar and dining table  - Private double room very cozy with wardrobes, side yard - linens provided - 2 extra beds in the living room with the comfortable sofa  - Bathroom with bath - linen provided location: -Very nice neighborhood, living but quiet  -Conveniently located between Auteuil (Roland Garros) and the Porte de Versailles (exhibition place), the Bois de Boulogne (walking or jogging) and Parc des Prince stadium  (sports and music) - Close to everything-trade area (everything is available at less than 200m) -Surrounded by restaurants and brewing all types Open-market 3/times per week (Tuesday, Thu
23844	A great room of 20-25 sqm in a 65 sqm apartment (with a central living room), for 1 or 2 people (double-bed).	Large, nice and luminous room in a modern, decorated and exceptionally situated flat. Only 150m from the Trocadéro square, in front of the Eiffel Tower famous view spot. At the very heart of the well-known Passy district, the quietest and safiest of A great room of 20-25 sqm in a 65 sqm apartment (with a central living room), for 1 or 2 people (double-bed). Just a step from very nice restaurants and many shops (food / shopping, etc.). Washing-machines with dryers at just few steps from the flat. I will introduce you the district and show you all that you would need to know around the place. This district is especially calm, secure and quiet (the apartment is located just in front of an embassy), with easy access to all commodities just within a stone throw. Just a 150m walk to get the Metro stations Passy (Line 6) or Trocadéro (Line 6 and Line 9). Buses (phone number hidden) and 72 (all very close to the place) will help you reach all type of Paris' districts. 2 Velib' stations (Paris'
23845	The bedroom is large and silent. It has been renewed in 2011.	"Our apartment is beautiful and comfortable. It is spacious, modern, quiet, has high ceilings as other Parisian housings built in 1930s. The bedroom is equipped with its own bathroom including toilets. The bedroom is large and silent. It has been renewed in 2011. Our large and fully equipped kitchen is available to our guests. I am happy to introduce Paris to guests and discuss the most appropriate visits and activities depending on their tastes. The Auteuil part of the 16th arrondissement where our apartment is located is ""chic"" and calm. Going to Eiffel Tower or Champs Elysées by metro takes 20 minutes. Bois de Boulogne (the most popular park in Paris) is at 5 minutes by foot. Other places within a walking distance: Rolland Garros (tennis French open), Parc des Princes (football stadium), Auteuil Rose Garden. Two different metro lines are accessible within 5 minutes by foot."
23846		Charmant studio en plein cœur de Paris Passy, 3ème étage, la Tour Eiffel est à moins de 10 minutes à pieds, Dans une résidence en face du parc de Passy et l'allée des Cygnes. Proche de toutes commodités (Metro et commerce)
23847	Véritable nid douillet, situé sur les quais mais à l'abri du bruit. Logement totalement refait à neuf, pouvant accueillir deux personnes avec un vrai et grand lit double confortable. Dispose également d'une cuisine ouverte, équipée et fonctionnelle, d'une salle de douche et toilettes séparées.	Deux-pièces chaleureux, tout neuf, donnant sur une cour, très calme. Très bien situé, proche des transports (métro, tram, bus) et de la tour Eiffel. Peut accueillir deux personnes avec un vrai lit double. Véritable nid douillet, situé sur les quais mais à l'abri du bruit. Logement totalement refait à neuf, pouvant accueillir deux personnes avec un vrai et grand lit double confortable. Dispose également d'une cuisine ouverte, équipée et fonctionnelle, d'une salle de douche et toilettes séparées. Il y a un accès à internet, télévision et lave linge dans l'appartement. Accueil des voyageurs pour leur montrer l'appartement et donner les clés. Quartier animé avec de bons restaurants, des commerçants, marché, supermarchés et boulangeries. Le Parc des Princes est à 10 minutes à pieds, la tour Eiffel à 10 minutes en transport et Roland Garros à 15min. Il y a un grand et agréable parc juste en face et des terrains de tennis à 2 minutes à pieds! De nombreux bus: 72, 22, PC1 Le RER C de l'autre c
23848	Very nice and cosy apartment located in Paris 16 near Trocadero.	Charmant appartement Parisien très lumineux et cosy, situé Avenue Mozart avec commerces de proximité de haute qualité et station de métro au pied de l'immeuble.Situé à 12 minutes du Trocadéro à Pied. Very nice and cosy apartment located in Paris 16 near Trocadero. I used to receive a lot of friends from abroad so i'll treat in the same way; as your personal guide in Paris. A lot of shops (bakery , butcher, fruits and vegetables, flowers) Metro Line 9 just in front of the apartment.
23849	The large living room allows to be comfortable for up to 4 people, 2 people can sleep in the sofa that has a slatted bed.  The kitchen and toilet are separated for greater comfort.	On the 5th floor with elevator, the apartment is quiet and bright with an East-West exposure.  Can enjoy the sunset from the lounge ! It's pleasant to live with its 49m2. The large living room allows to be comfortable for up to 4 people, 2 people can sleep in the sofa that has a slatted bed.  The kitchen and toilet are separated for greater comfort. You can enjoy all the spaces offered by the apartment. I will put you with guides and maps of Paris and remained reachable if you need. Between the Eiffel Tower and Bois de Boulogne, choose your favorite destination ! Métro lines 9 and 10 allow you to cross Paris from no change stations from Exelmans or Chardon Lagache.    Bus lines 22 and 72 will help you discover Paris to Opera or Town Hall, along the Seine and spending all day in front of the Eiffel Tower.    You can also borrow a Velib few meters from the house to your destination by the docks closed to traffic, a true stroll along the Seine makes you forget you are right in Paris.
23850	No visit to Paris is complete without a selfie by the Eiffel Tower or a stroll along the banks of the Seine, and this exquisite apartment is within walking distance of these highlights and so many more! Set in the city’s 16th arrondissement, the apartment is just 400 metres from the nearest charming café, 1km from restaurants and 300 metres from grocery stores, should you wish to have a go at French fare yourself.  Whether a budding master chef or wanting to stick to coffee and toast, the ultra-modern kitchen is spacious and sleek, fitted with everything from a stove to a dishwasher for your cooking pleasure. The large dining table seats six – enjoy the gorgeous views of the City of Light over a bottle of wine, then take to the stylish yet cosy living room and make use of the WIFI, TV, DVD-player or CD-player provided.  Get a great night’s sleep in one of the two tastefully-appointed bedrooms or on the comfortable sofa bed in the lounge; one bedroom is fitted with a double bed and the 	Set a short walk from the Eiffel Tower and a skip from restaurants, cafes and metros to take you to all of Paris famous sights, this stylish apartment sleeps 6 guests in luxurious comfort. No visit to Paris is complete without a selfie by the Eiffel Tower or a stroll along the banks of the Seine, and this exquisite apartment is within walking distance of these highlights and so many more! Set in the city’s 16th arrondissement, the apartment is just 400 metres from the nearest charming café, 1km from restaurants and 300 metres from grocery stores, should you wish to have a go at French fare yourself.  Whether a budding master chef or wanting to stick to coffee and toast, the ultra-modern kitchen is spacious and sleek, fitted with everything from a stove to a dishwasher for your cooking pleasure. The large dining table seats six – enjoy the gorgeous views of the City of Light over a bottle of wine, then take to the stylish yet cosy living room and make use of the WIFI, TV, DVD-player or 
23851		45sm duplex with a lovely terrace overlooking a garden (facing south). The bedroom and bathroom with italian shower is on the 1st floor, and the living room, dining room and kitchen on the 2nd. The flat is newly refurbished.
23852		loue très beau studio situé en plein Paris . Proche de tout commerces. Situé proche des quais de Seine, de la tour eiffel, du métro 10 javel et à 20mn de châtelet. Entièrement équipé: machine à laver /café, internet . Le studio est au 8ème etage
23853	En plein cœur du très chic quartier Passy, ce spacieux 2 pièces de 51 m2 , se trouve au RDC d'un immeuble parisien de standing. Très bien situé, il est à quelques minutes de la station de métro. A deux pas de la fameuse rue de Passy où l'on retrouve de nombreuses boutiques de Shopping.  Concierge &  digicode.  1 vaste salon, 1 chambre, 1 cuisine américaine  avec bar, 1 salle de bain, WC séparés.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, grille-pain, micro-ondes... Peut héberger 4 personnes grâce au confortable canapé-lit du salon. A 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel et de la Place du Trocadéro.	"Très agréable 2 pièces de 51 m2 situé dans le très chic quartier Passy.  Vous disposerez de tout le confort souhaité pour votre séjour parisien. L'appartement se situe à 4 minutes de la station de métro ""Passy"" , à 10 minutes à pied du Trocadéro. En plein cœur du très chic quartier Passy, ce spacieux 2 pièces de 51 m2 , se trouve au RDC d'un immeuble parisien de standing. Très bien situé, il est à quelques minutes de la station de métro. A deux pas de la fameuse rue de Passy où l'on retrouve de nombreuses boutiques de Shopping.  Concierge &  digicode.  1 vaste salon, 1 chambre, 1 cuisine américaine  avec bar, 1 salle de bain, WC séparés.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, grille-pain, micro-ondes... Peut héberger 4 personnes grâce au confortable canapé-lit du salon. A 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel et de la Place du Trocadéro. Ligne 6 ""Passy"" Ligne 9 ""La Muette"" Station de RER C Rue de la Pompe;  Bus : Ligne"
23854	A contemporary gem inside a Parisian building with old-fashioned charm, Etoile has the best of both modern and traditional style. Though its architecture nods to the past, a recent renovation opened the layout and refreshed the decor with contemporary furnishings. The five-bedroom villa’s location in the 16th arrondissement puts you close to the best museums and historic sites, but also the shopping destinations of the moment. Enter Etoile through a secured door with video surveillance, and leave your car in one of two parking spaces. Perfectly suited to entertaining or a quiet evening in, the villa has a balcony, sound system, TV and Wi-Fi, as well as modern comforts like air conditioning and laundry facilities. A guest studio with its own entrance and kitchenette affords privacy in the midst of larger groups. Though the villa’s paneled walls, parquet floors, stone fireplace and large windows are hallmarks of the 19th-century Parisian apartment, the furnishings and artwork represent a	A contemporary gem inside a Parisian building with old-fashioned charm, Etoile has the best of both modern and traditional style. A contemporary gem inside a Parisian building with old-fashioned charm, Etoile has the best of both modern and traditional style. Though its architecture nods to the past, a recent renovation opened the layout and refreshed the decor with contemporary furnishings. The five-bedroom villa’s location in the 16th arrondissement puts you close to the best museums and historic sites, but also the shopping destinations of the moment. Enter Etoile through a secured door with video surveillance, and leave your car in one of two parking spaces. Perfectly suited to entertaining or a quiet evening in, the villa has a balcony, sound system, TV and Wi-Fi, as well as modern comforts like air conditioning and laundry facilities. A guest studio with its own entrance and kitchenette affords privacy in the midst of larger groups. Though the villa’s paneled walls, parquet floor
23855	Appartement conçu en deux parties: une grande pièce à vivre de 50 mètres carrés comprenant le salon, la salle à manger et la cuisine semi ouverte et une partie plus intime composée de la chambre, de la salle de bain et du dressing donnant sur la cour. Second lit disponible (matelas gonflable 2 personnes)	Grand deux pièces de 72 m2 lumineux, confortable et chic entièrement rénové et équipé. Situé face au stade Jean Bouin entre le Parc des Princes, Roland Garros et le Bois de Boulogne. Commerces et transports publics à proximité. Appartement conçu en deux parties: une grande pièce à vivre de 50 mètres carrés comprenant le salon, la salle à manger et la cuisine semi ouverte et une partie plus intime composée de la chambre, de la salle de bain et du dressing donnant sur la cour. Second lit disponible (matelas gonflable 2 personnes) Cuisine entièrement équipée (grand frigo, congélateur, four, micro-onde, plaque induction, lave vaisselle et lave linge séchant et tout le petit électroménager). Télévision écran plat dans salon et chambre, chaine hifi, internet sans fil. Coffre fort, dressing. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier calme mais à proximité immédiate des prestigieux équipements sportifs de la Ville de Paris, Parc des Princes, Stade de rugby Jean Bouin, Roland Garros, la piscine 
23856	"Very lovely servant's room in the 16th district of Paris on the 6th floor with elevator of a luxuary building. Recently refreshed and with all equipment, you will enjoy living in this room. It has internet, shower (not separated), micro waves, electic rings, refrigirator, sofa bed for 2. The toilets are commons and not in the room but they are very clean and are washed everyday. The room is totally independant and looks like more a studio than a room. It makes 10 m2. It's based from 2 min by walk from a subway station and 2 min by walk from a very commercial street with all necessity shops. It's based also at 5 min by walk from the Trocadero and the Eiffel tower and ""l'arc de triomphe"". It has been lovely furnished. It is a very plaisant room to live. Please note that I provide sheets but not the towels."	"Very lovely servant's room in the 16th district of Paris on the 6th floor with elevator of a luxuary building. Recently refreshed and with all equipment, you will enjoy living in this room. It has internet, shower (not separated), micro waves, electic rings, refrigirator, sofa bed for 2. The toilets are commons and not in the room but they are very clean and are washed everyday. The room is totally independant and looks like more a studio than a room. It makes 10 m2. It's based from 2 min by walk from a subway station and 2 min by walk from a very commercial street with all necessity shops. It's based also at 5 min by walk from the Trocadero and the Eiffel tower and ""l'arc de triomphe"". It has been lovely furnished. It is a very plaisant room to live. Please note that I provide sheets but not the towels."
23857	Hyper centre, à moins de 20mn de tous les sites touristiques.	Quartier résidentiel et calme. A deux pas du métro, station Excelmans, studio au 8° étage avec ascenseur. Proche Roland garros, Pied à terre idéal pour un séjour à Paris Hyper centre, à moins de 20mn de tous les sites touristiques. Rolland Garros, Parc des Princes Tour Eiffel à 15mn en métro etc.. Quartier calme très huppé de paris 50m de la station de métro Excelmans
23858	Charming sunny studio flat equipped with independant kitchen and bathroom in a comfortable, clean and quiet building of 1950.  Located on 6th floor (elevator), south exposuer, view on courtyard.  Equipped kitchen, washer-dryerl. Wifi high speed internet.   Bedlinen, towels, food basics provided.  Very quiet and secured area with direct access via  métro / bus to the Trodadéro, Opéra, Champ de Mars, Saint Germain des Prés.  Nice walks or bike rides nearby in the Bois de Boulogne, Serres d'Auteuil, Roland Garros.  Many convenience shops around and typical restaurants and cafés (Bistrots, Pizzerias, Brasseries, trendy Restaurants) in Place d'Auteuil, Maison de la Radio area and Passy.  Building keeper - Flat fully renovated in 2012. Owner and family available nearby during your stay.	Charming sunny studio flat equipped with independant kitchen and bathroom in a comfortable, clean and quiet building of 1950.  Located on 6th floor (elevator), south exposuer, view on courtyard.  Equipped kitchen, washer-dryerl. Wifi high speed internet.   Bedlinen, towels, food basics provided.  Very quiet and secured area with direct access via  métro / bus to the Trodadéro, Opéra, Champ de Mars, Saint Germain des Prés.  Nice walks or bike rides nearby in the Bois de Boulogne, Serres d'Auteuil, Roland Garros.  Many convenience shops around and typical restaurants and cafés (Bistrots, Pizzerias, Brasseries, trendy Restaurants) in Place d'Auteuil, Maison de la Radio area and Passy.  Building keeper - Flat fully renovated in 2012. Owner and family available nearby during your stay.
23859		Super appart avec plusieurs chambres... beaucoup d’espace et emplacement top en centre ville de Paris avec tout à coté !
23860	  Paris 16,  50 m du Metro Excelmans ligne 9 directe Étoile , Champs Elysees, tour Effeil,  appart 2 pieces renové et équipé MALL,MALV,WIFI convient pour couple seul  ou  avec 2 enfants :Chambre lit double ,SDB  WC,Salon  canapé lit ,  SAManger , cuisine fonctionnelle plaques electriques + fours+micro ondes + frigidaire/congelateur; bien situé pres des metro et bus ; nombreux commerces autour et marchés typiques mardi , vendredi et dimanche de l avenue de Versailles . A 5 minutes a pied du Parc des Princes et de Rpland Garros A 15 minutes en bus ou métro  ,de la Tour  Effel ,des Champs Elysées et du Louvre et des Invalides . Acceuil par gardienne d immeuble Nombreux commerces aux portes d AUTEUIL et de ST CLOUD . Proximité des sites du Parc des Princes , de Roland Garros  , de l hippodrome de Longchamp et du bois de Boulogne . 	Paris16,Excelmans-Auteuil , line 9 ; near Bois de Boulogne and Roland Garros place ;renovated furnished flat  55m2 ,bedroom, bathroom, sofabed in large livingroom, equiped kitchen ,dishwasher,Wifi,  
23861	Beautiful apartment located in the 16th arrondissement.  The building is between two of the most prestigious avenues in Paris, The Kleber Avenue and the Victor Hugo one, which join the Arc de Triomphe. With Victor Hugo square near to home, you will have access to many restaurants and shops.  The flat is completely renovated, it's at the 2nd floor of a beautiful building with an elevator. The area is 52sqm, and there are a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with separated toilet, a living room with convertible sofa (queen size as well), and a fully equipped kitchen. From the living room you have access to a balcony, perfect for taking your breakfast in the sun. The apartment is very bright and comfortable, it is perfect for a stay with family or friends.	Beautiful apartment located in the 16th arrondissement.  The building is between two of the most prestigious avenues in Paris, The Kleber Avenue and the Victor Hugo one, which join the Arc de Triomphe. Beautiful apartment located in the 16th arrondissement.  The building is between two of the most prestigious avenues in Paris, The Kleber Avenue and the Victor Hugo one, which join the Arc de Triomphe. With Victor Hugo square near to home, you will have access to many restaurants and shops.  The flat is completely renovated, it's at the 2nd floor of a beautiful building with an elevator. The area is 52sqm, and there are a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom with separated toilet, a living room with convertible sofa (queen size as well), and a fully equipped kitchen. From the living room you have access to a balcony, perfect for taking your breakfast in the sun. The apartment is very bright and comfortable, it is perfect for a stay with family or friends. Metro line 2 stop Victor Hu
23862	Chambre au 7eme étage d'un immeuble pierre de taille.  Entièrement meublée avec douche dedans et toilette sur le palier. Vrai lit simple. Draps fournis. Kitchenette équipée.  	Maid's room on 7th floor. Fully furnished with kitchenette and shower :  loo on the landing. View of the Eiffel Tower.  Chambre meublée au 7eme. Vue sur la tour eiffel. Douche dedans et toilette sur le palier.  Kitchenette équipée.
23863	very pleasant and lively place to live with parisian style	34 sqm, comprising large entrance with big closets, big bathroom with toilets, separate kitchen, large main room and a small balcony,  nicely furnished, wooden floor, fully equipped,  3rd floor, lift, south oriented in elegantand  secured residence  very pleasant and lively place to live with parisian style Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysées, avenue Victor Hugo and the elegant 16th arrrondissement Large and sunny studio, 34 sqm, comprising a large entrance with big closets, a big bathroom with toilets, a separate kitchen, a large main room and a small balcony,  nicely furnished, wooden floor, fully equipped, with washing machine, oriented south, located at 3 rd floor in a luxury residence (lift, 24 hour security, gardens) in a very lively area, near all shops, restaurants and two metros : lines 6  and (email hidden) and 2 at Victor Hugo. Available from September 21, 2014
23864		The Space Romance and rooftops Located on the 6th floor with two large terraces, and access to the rooftop this duplex flat would be any traveller’s dream. 
23865		bEAUTIFUL UPSCALE APARTMENT IN THE HEART OF THE 16TH AR
23866		Best  area in Paris , 5 minutes from La Tour Eiffel, Champs-des Elysées. I live in a  two story artist loft of 112m².  The first floor is independant with a room  (see photos) that I rent Beautiful bathroom ( to share with me ). I live in a two story artist loft of 112m² . The first floor is idependant with a room ( see photos) that I rent. The bathroom is to share with me. Wish you a good trip to Paris.
23867	Il est unique en rien, mais sympathique en tout!	Appartement de 100 m² sur 2 niveaux : Entrée, cabinet de toilette, chambre et salon en rez de jardin,  bureau, salle à manger cuisine salle d'eau en sous-sol. Il est unique en rien, mais sympathique en tout! 3 placards qui seront fermés (symboliquement) par un cadenas. Mais il y a suffisamment de place pour les rangements. Proche du bois de Boulogne et de Roland Garros. Accès facile au boulevard périphérique et au centre de Paris. Marché bi-hebdomadaire à 2 pas de la maison. Quartier calme et jardin très agréable. Nombreux transports en commun, bus et métro. Stations de Vélib' et Autolib' à proximité. 
23868	Au calme 	Charmant 2 pièces dans une résidence au calme, à 2 pas du métro ligne 9, à  10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et du Bois  de Boulogne. Situé dans un quartier animé (cafés,  restaurants,  transports,  un marché 3 fois par semaine) Au calme Metro, bus, taxi
23869	This beautiful loft is fully equipped. It can receive 4/6 adults. If you are 6 adults, you'll have to use an air mattress. One of the bedroom has an open view on the living room, it is on a mezzanine, bed is hidden by a screen (view pictures). There are one double bed in each bedroom. I can add one double air mattress in the living room so let me know if you need it ! Sheets are included. If you need towels please ask	Superbe loft avec vue dans le 16eme arrondissement This beautiful loft is fully equipped. It can receive 4/6 adults. If you are 6 adults, you'll have to use an air mattress. One of the bedroom has an open view on the living room, it is on a mezzanine, bed is hidden by a screen (view pictures). There are one double bed in each bedroom. I can add one double air mattress in the living room so let me know if you need it ! Sheets are included. If you need towels please ask To get the keys, please read the email I send You can call me anytime The neighborhood is really quiet and safe. Subway access : Mirabeau or Javel-André Citroen on line 10, 5-6 minutes walk from the flat Bus 72 or 22 You have a direct access to the Eiffel tower with the bus (10 min)
23870	You will feel the true Parisian lifestyle and atmosphere thanks to the luxurious interior design typical of this area, as well as the excellent location. Minimum stay 5 nights	3 bedrooms with double living room 95m2 You will feel the true Parisian lifestyle and atmosphere thanks to the luxurious interior design typical of this area, as well as the excellent location. You will feel the true Parisian lifestyle and atmosphere thanks to the luxurious interior design typical of this area, as well as the excellent location. Minimum stay 5 nights Ideally located, with a view on the Seine river. This luxury apartment is situated 5 minutes away from the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower, as well as the famous Bir-Hakeim bridge where many movies have been filmed, and which offers one of the best views of Paris.  Located in a quiet, peaceful, residential and very central area, right next to the famous Passy shopping street where you will find a variety of shops catering to all tastes and needs. You are also 15 minutes away by walk from the Champs-Élysées avenue, known as the most beautiful avenue of the world. It is 2 minutes away from the Metro Station Passy (line 6), Tr
23871	Even if the 7th arrondissement may be even more exclusive, the 16th arrondissement has the reputation of being the richest, and only the better-off are able to pay the high rents here. Exclusively furnished apartment of 210m2, with a splendid view of the Eiffel Tower and the Seine river and fine decoration. It is located in the 16 district of Paris on the 7th french floor in the building equipped with an entrance code, an intercom and an elevator. A spacious entrance hall, a living room, a dinning room, a fully equipped kitchen, 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 5 toilets. The apartment sleeps 10 people. This 210 square meters , 5 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue de New York in the 16th arrondissement, on the 7 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 10 people. This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony, DVD, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, T	Even if the 7th arrondissement may be even more exclusive, the 16th arrondissement has the reputation of being the richest, and only the better-off are able to pay the high rents here. Exclusively furnished apartment of 210m2, with a splendid view of the Eiffel Tower and the Seine river and fine decoration. It is located in the 16 district of Paris on the 7th french floor in the building equipped with an entrance code, an intercom and an elevator. A spacious entrance hall, a living room, a dinning room, a fully equipped kitchen, 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 5 toilets. The apartment sleeps 10 people. This 210 square meters , 5 Bedroom, apartment is located on avenue de New York in the 16th arrondissement, on the 7 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 10 people. This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, dryer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, balcony, DVD, decorative fireplace. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, T
23872	La terrasse avec sa vue sur la Tour Eiffel.. le chic parisien et surtout l'agréable détente romantique à deux pas du champs de mars.	Beau studio sur rue calme et dégagée de 20 m2 au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur, belle terrasse de 20 m2 vue Tour Eiffel. Tout équipée: four micro ondes, lave vaisselle, lave linge, frigidaire Américain, TV, Nespresso, rangements, linge de table et de maison, balnéothérapie, coffre-fort, porte blindée. La terrasse avec sa vue sur la Tour Eiffel.. le chic parisien et surtout l'agréable détente romantique à deux pas du champs de mars. Tout accès. Possibilité voiturage, visite de la ville, courses, autres prestations selon demande et disponibilités. A deux pas des boutiques, musées de la Marine, restaurants, cinéma Passy...Tour Eiffel et quai de Seine...Paris au plus beau, Paris au plus romantique. Proche du métro Passy ou métro Trocadéro. Plusieurs Bus. Taxis à 10 mètres. -Lit bébé si nécessaire, jouets, piscine bébé, poussette, puériculture. - Sac de golf. - Tous autres objets sur simple demande selon disponibilités.
23873	There is a large room, with a long table and a queensize bed, with two very large windows leaving a lot of light in the apartment !  The bathroom is equipped with all you need, towels, shampoo, and everything you need to prepare a relaxing bath. There is also room in the closets if you need to put your stuffs in.	My studio is in the 5th floor (with elevator) of a modern building near the river's front, very close to the Eiffel Tower There is a large room, with a long table and a queensize bed, with two very large windows leaving a lot of light in the apartment !  The bathroom is equipped with all you need, towels, shampoo, and everything you need to prepare a relaxing bath. There is also room in the closets if you need to put your stuffs in. I will be available for all your questions during the trip, so feel free to contact me on my phone, by mail, by whatsapp ! There are supermarkets, pharmacies, bakeries, metros, buses and night buses all around. The location is amazing : 10 minutes (by bus, line 72) from the Eiffel Tower, 5 min walking distance from the new Beaugrenelle mall, 2 minutes from the Seine river and the Parisian Statue of Liberty. There is a fresh products market on Tuesdays and Fridays in the adjascent street (Rue Gros), lots of parcs, nice restaurants and cafés (there is a detai
23874	Cet appartement a de grandes vitre comme si qu'il y avait une terrasse dans l'appartement et surtout cette vue sur la tour Eiffel le jour comme la nuit extraordinaire cet appartement est au dernière étage vue dégagée sur la tour Eiffel il est unique pour moi très bien décoré je ne serai pas déçu par cet appartement et vous éblouira	Bonjour, Beethoven est un appartement au dernier étage avec ascenseur  avec une vue  imprenable sur la fameuse Tour Eiffel. L'appartement se compose d'un grand salon et d'une cuisine américaine de deux chambres et deux salles de bain une avec une baignoire et l'autre  avec une  douche a l'italienne. La station la plus proche de Métro est : Passy a deux pas des jardins du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel ainsi que le centre commercial de luxe Passy Plaza. Cet appartement a de grandes vitre comme si qu'il y avait une terrasse dans l'appartement et surtout cette vue sur la tour Eiffel le jour comme la nuit extraordinaire cet appartement est au dernière étage vue dégagée sur la tour Eiffel il est unique pour moi très bien décoré je ne serai pas déçu par cet appartement et vous éblouira Il y aura à 90 % une femme de ménage sur place ou moi pour vous ouvrir mais ne vous inquiétez pas pour les horaires d'entrée et de sortie dès que vous avez réservé mon appartement je vous donnerai un code à qu
23875	Very quiet apartment on the last floor, accessible with a lift, in a high standard parisian building. Ideal private room for two persons. Appartement très calme au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un superbe immeuble de standing. Chambre privée idéale pour deux personnes. 	Very charming and romantic private room with a direct view of the Eiffel Tower from the room and common areas! Très charmante et romantique chambre privée avec une superbe vue directe sur la Tour Eiffel depuis la chambre et les espaces communs! Very quiet apartment on the last floor, accessible with a lift, in a high standard parisian building. Ideal private room for two persons. Appartement très calme au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un superbe immeuble de standing. Chambre privée idéale pour deux personnes. Private room with access to the entirety of the apartment. Sharing of the bathroom, living room and  kitchen area.  Chambre privée avec accès à l'ensemble des espaces de l'appartement. Partage de la salle de bains, du salon et de l'espace cuisine.  I speak French and English. I will be there during your stay. I will sleep in my sofa bed in the living room. Access to the bathroom and WC from the apartment hallway, no use to go through the living room so it's very practical during 
23876	An Apartment in Paris… Steps away from the Etoile,  Palais de Chaillot and the Eiffel Tower!   Apartment to rent for a few days or by the week! 3-days minimum rental. 41 bis Rue de Chaillot  In the renowned neighborhood of the 16th, 5 minutes walking distance from the Champs Elysées, steps from the metro and RER A and métro line 1 station georges V ! on the 5th floor with elevator, looking over a beautiful calm courtyard with views of the Eiffel Tower…  A 365sq foot apartment (34m2), with a living room, bedroom with double bed and one simple bed for child, a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and bathtub. Equipped with: Dishes, cutlery, pots and pans, Electric stovetop, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, electric kettle, toaster, coffee machine, washing machine, vacuum, and iron/ironing board.  Multimedia : Flat screen TV, Unlimited Access Wi-Fi Provided: Bed linens, Towels Contact us for rates and availability:  (email hidden) 	An Apartment in Paris… Steps away from the Etoile,  Palais de Chaillot and the Eiffel Tower!   Apartment to rent for a few days or by the week! 3-days minimum rental. 41 bis Rue de Chaillot  In the renowned neighborhood of the 16th, 5 minutes walking distance from the Champs Elysées, steps from the metro and RER A and métro line 1 station georges V ! on the 5th floor with elevator, looking over a beautiful calm courtyard with views of the Eiffel Tower…  A 365sq foot apartment (34m2), with a living room, bedroom with double bed and one simple bed for child, a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and bathtub. Equipped with: Dishes, cutlery, pots and pans, Electric stovetop, refrigerator, freezer, microwave, electric kettle, toaster, coffee machine, washing machine, vacuum, and iron/ironing board.  Multimedia : Flat screen TV, Unlimited Access Wi-Fi Provided: Bed linens, Towels Contact us for rates and availability:  (email hidden) 
23877	Comme une grande suite d'hotel de 65m², Appartement haut de gamme dans un immeuble tres prestigieux. Appartement très agréable et facile d accès. Écran Tv avec 160 chaînes, internet wifi haut débit, Imprimente / scanner, Ensoleillé et très haut de plafonds. En très bon état. Cuisine fonctionnelle avec frigo, micro onde, machine à laver séchante, machine à café Nespresso, plaques chauffantes électriques, bouilloire, vaisselle et service de table avec sets de table et produits ménagers, fer et planche a repasser, mixeur cuisine. One Bed 180x200cm  2 superposés 90x200 1 sofa convertible 160x200cm Possibilité sofa/dans la chambre ou grand lit dans la chambre et canape lit dans le salon	Av. Kleber, in front hotel Peninsula, in amazing Haussman Bulding, Nice Apartment 65m², living room of 30m², one bedroom of 12m², 4 Meters high, very sunny and lighty, verry clean.1m' walk arc de triomphe, 5m'walk Trocadero, 7m' champs elysees. One Bed 180x200cm  2 superposes 90x200 (1 sofa convertible 160x200cm) Comme une grande suite d'hotel de 65m², Appartement haut de gamme dans un immeuble tres prestigieux. Appartement très agréable et facile d accès. Écran Tv avec 160 chaînes, internet wifi haut débit, Imprimente / scanner, Ensoleillé et très haut de plafonds. En très bon état. Cuisine fonctionnelle avec frigo, micro onde, machine à laver séchante, machine à café Nespresso, plaques chauffantes électriques, bouilloire, vaisselle et service de table avec sets de table et produits ménagers, fer et planche a repasser, mixeur cuisine. One Bed 180x200cm  2 superposés 90x200 1 sofa convertible 160x200cm Possibilité sofa/dans la chambre ou grand lit dans la chambre et canape lit dans le 
23878	STUDIO L'ETOILE IN A NUTSHELL  The studio can accomodate two to three people (2 + 1 occasional). To sleep there is one queen size bed and one folding sofa. The size is about 300 Sq Ft or 28 m2. It is located on the 3 rd floor. The bathroom is made of one shower with heated towel rank and integrated music speakers!  The Kitchen is top of the line built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee. Are provided : electric kettle, toaster, washer/dryer and hair dryer. You will enjoy a flat screen LCD TV and a Hifi. Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV, IP Phone. NEIGHBORHOODS  - 2 minute walk from place de l'Etoile and Champs-Elysees, overlooking avenue Victor Hugo, convenience store rue Lauriston (Franprix) and avenue Victor Hugo (Monop') TRANSPORTATIONS  - Nearest metro stations: Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, Kleber, Boissiere, Victor Hugo  - Nearest Taxi Stations: Place de l'Etoile, Place Victor Hugo, Avenue Kleber  - Nearest Velib' stations: 3, rue Traktir, 2, av. Des Portugais	STUDIO L’ETOILE is part of a late-19th-century typically Parisian building, ideally located between place de l'Etoile and Champs Elysées, in short a very easy access to La Defense and central Paris. STUDIO L'ETOILE IN A NUTSHELL  The studio can accomodate two to three people (2 + 1 occasional). To sleep there is one queen size bed and one folding sofa. The size is about 300 Sq Ft or 28 m2. It is located on the 3 rd floor. The bathroom is made of one shower with heated towel rank and integrated music speakers!  The Kitchen is top of the line built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee. Are provided : electric kettle, toaster, washer/dryer and hair dryer. You will enjoy a flat screen LCD TV and a Hifi. Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV, IP Phone. NEIGHBORHOODS  - 2 minute walk from place de l'Etoile and Champs-Elysees, overlooking avenue Victor Hugo, convenience store rue Lauriston (Franprix) and avenue Victor Hugo (Monop') TRANSPORTATIONS  - Nearest metro stations: 
23879	Appartement spacieux avec 2 chambres, plus possibilité de loger deux autres personnes dans le salon. Tout confort : TV, Internet, jeux vidéos, babyfoot, fléchettes, guitare... A deux pas du métro, Paris, la ville lumière, vous tend les bras. Vous n'avez plus qu'à vous laisser guider par la ville et ses nombreux monuments.	Appartement lumineux et spacieux dans le 16e arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du Parc des Princes. Facile d'accès : métro, bus, tramway. A 10 min en vélo de la Tour Eiffel. 15 min à pied du Parc des Expositions Bon quartier, nombreux commerces. Appartement spacieux avec 2 chambres, plus possibilité de loger deux autres personnes dans le salon. Tout confort : TV, Internet, jeux vidéos, babyfoot, fléchettes, guitare... A deux pas du métro, Paris, la ville lumière, vous tend les bras. Vous n'avez plus qu'à vous laisser guider par la ville et ses nombreux monuments. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement. Sentez-vous à l'aise, comme si c'était chez vous. Le quartier est très vivant, avec de nombreux commerces de proximité et de restauration.  L'appartement est à 5 minutes à pied du Parc des Princes si vous souhaitez voir un match du PSG, et du Stade Jean Bouin pour voir l'équipe de rugby du Stade Français. Le quartier est bien desservi par les transports en commun, avec le métro (ligne 9)
23880	70 square meters apartment in a modern, calm and bright building, with concierge, 2nd floor with lift, exposed west, no vis-à-vis. Enjoy the large windows overlooking the garden! Located 3 minutes walk from the metro Exelmans (line 9) and 5 minutes walk from the metro Michel Ange Molitor or Porte d'Auteuil (line 10). Velib and Autolib stations also 3 minutes away by foot. Nearby: - To discover Paris: Eiffel Tower (15 min), Trocadero (10 min), Champs Elysees / Arc de Triomphe (15 min) - For sport addicts: Parc des Princes, Roland Garros, Stade Jean Bouin - For nature lovers: Bois de Boulogne - For everyday life: many shops very close, markets almost every day, Carrefour hypermarket 5 min walk - For gourmets: trendy and famous restaurants (Tsé, Murat, Roland Garros, etc.) A warm and functional apartment with 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, separate toilets. Ideal for 2 couples or 1 couple + 2 children. Bedroom 1: double bed Bedroom 2: 2 persons comfortable sofa be	70 square meters apartment in a modern, calm and bright building, with concierge, 2nd floor with lift, exposed west, no vis-à-vis. Enjoy the large windows overlooking the garden! Located 3 minutes walk from the metro Exelmans (line 9) and 5 minutes walk from the metro Michel Ange Molitor or Porte d'Auteuil (line 10). Velib and Autolib stations also 3 minutes away by foot. Nearby: - To discover Paris: Eiffel Tower (15 min), Trocadero (10 min), Champs Elysees / Arc de Triomphe (15 min) - For sport addicts: Parc des Princes, Roland Garros, Stade Jean Bouin - For nature lovers: Bois de Boulogne - For everyday life: many shops very close, markets almost every day, Carrefour hypermarket 5 min walk - For gourmets: trendy and famous restaurants (Tsé, Murat, Roland Garros, etc.) A warm and functional apartment with 2 bedrooms, 1 large living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, separate toilets. Ideal for 2 couples or 1 couple + 2 children. Bedroom 1: double bed Bedroom 2: 2 persons comfortable sofa be
23881	This apartment in perfect conditions can sleeps 2 people and is composed of :  Living room: sofa, coffe table, desk, TV, DVD player. The hard-wooden floor and the decorative chimney give a paceful atmosphere to the room. You will enjoy the balcony  Bedroom: 1 double bed (160 cm), bedside tables and wardrobe.  Bathroom: bathtub with showerhead, wash basin, bathroom unit and wardrobe. Toilets are separated  Kitchen: Fully equipped, washer, dishwasher, coffe maker, freezer, toaster, extractor hood and tiled floor  Internet Wifi and double glazing on every window   Located on Rue Degas, you will enjoy a secured and quite area. This residential area will allow you to enjoy the many shops  and stores nearby. You will be at walking distance from the Bois de Boulogne, The Parc Andre Citroen and Roland Garros. An outside market takes place 3 time a week Avenue de Versailles.  Close to theMaison de la Radioand the Seine. Metro : Mirabeau (L10) and Eglise d'Auteuil (L10)  	This apartment in perfect conditions can sleeps 2 people and is composed of :  Living room: sofa, coffe table, desk, TV, DVD player. The hard-wooden floor and the decorative chimney give a paceful atmosphere to the room. You will enjoy the balcony  Bedroom: 1 double bed (160 cm), bedside tables and wardrobe.  Bathroom: bathtub with showerhead, wash basin, bathroom unit and wardrobe. Toilets are separated  Kitchen: Fully equipped, washer, dishwasher, coffe maker, freezer, toaster, extractor hood and tiled floor  Internet Wifi and double glazing on every window   Located on Rue Degas, you will enjoy a secured and quite area. This residential area will allow you to enjoy the many shops  and stores nearby. You will be at walking distance from the Bois de Boulogne, The Parc Andre Citroen and Roland Garros. An outside market takes place 3 time a week Avenue de Versailles.  Close to theMaison de la Radioand the Seine. Metro : Mirabeau (L10) and Eglise d'Auteuil (L10)  
23882	Très calme	Surface de 20 m2 Situé au RdC 1 pièce avec un Canapé-Lit 1 pièce avec coin cuisine, plaque électrique, évier, frigo puis douche, WC, lavabo Très calme A un pas de la rue d'Auteuil et de son coeur de village rempli de petits commerçants Marché typique français le samedi matin Ligne de métro 9 et 10 Bus 22 et 72
23883		Studio apartment, very comfortable. Free wifi, washing machine, dish washer There is a concierge in the building, they will give you the key if I am not there. Very quiet, and peaceful. Metro Chardon Lagache 3min away
23884	Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. A proximité de toutes commodités et transports. Quartier résidentiel ('´chic''). Nombreux restaurants.	Beautiful flat (42 square meter ) located in the 16th district Av. De Versailles. Close to a metro station - 10 minutes by subway to the Eiffel Tower. Single Room / Toilet / Shower / Large Living comfort / Fully equipped. Calm and quiet.
23885	"For holidays or professional journeys, my house will afford you a ""village spirit"" with calm and nature in the middle of Paris.  It's a typical but very rare house in a private villa within Paris, contemporary decorated. "	"For holidays or professional journeys, my house will afford you a ""village spirit"" with calm and nature in Paris. Close to all major touristic and professional venues, I can advise you gastronomic restaurants as well as unknown places to discover... For holidays or professional journeys, my house will afford you a ""village spirit"" with calm and nature in the middle of Paris.  It's a typical but very rare house in a private villa within Paris, contemporary decorated.  Guests will have access to the terrasse for a coffee or the breakfast when it's sunny. They have of course access to the family living and dining room and can enjoy a drink in front of a fire in the chemistry. Fond of ""unknown"" places in Paris, I can advise you affordable restaurants with gastronomic chefs or private villas to discover... out of the touristic guides. I can also organise specific walks around chocolate, pastry or even a private guided tour in 2CV (old typical french car). The exceptional neighborhood of the"
23886	This 30m² studio is new and has just been decorated. Fully equipped with new equipment: washing machine, hob, combination microwave oven, ... Made available to the kitchen, cable TV, wireless internet and plenty of storage at your disposal for a pleasant stay.	Holidays in PARIS! Nice cozy studio 30m2 for 2personnes in a very quiet street Ideal for sightseeing: near the Trocadero, the Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysees and the Seine ... Ideal for a romantic weekend This 30m² studio is new and has just been decorated. Fully equipped with new equipment: washing machine, hob, combination microwave oven, ... Made available to the kitchen, cable TV, wireless internet and plenty of storage at your disposal for a pleasant stay. A few minutes walk you will have the opportunity to discover some of the most beautiful sights of the city: Eiffel Tower, Trocadero Place and Gardens (Museum of Man, Marine Museum, Museum Architecture and Theatre of Chaillot), the Musée Guimet (Asian Art Museum), Place of Jena, the Musée Galliera (Fashion Museum), the Palais de Tokyo (Museum of Modern Art), the quai Branly Museum (on the arts and cultures of the civilizations of Africa, Asia, Oceania and the Americas), the Place de l'Etoile, Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysee
23887	Very well located in the center of Paris, in the heart of Paris 16 !  we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !! Ideal area to stay in Paris.  10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees. You can easily walk to the Trocadero and the Arch de Triomphe. Many restaurants, nice shops and stores nearby. Close to the lovely rue de Passy where you will find the famous market of Passy with typical food of Paris.  The beautiful park of Boulogne at walking distance. Metro, Taxis and public transport 2 minutes walk. Metro La Muette, Line number 9 at 2 minutes walk. Facilities :  WIFI, internationals TV channels, Nescafe coffee machine, microwave, ... Either I or my assistant, will meet you for check-in and checkout.  I'm available (24/7) via email, SMS, or phone for any questions, problems or just to point you in the direction of a great coffee place. Check-in/Checkout may be flexible if there are no guests before or after you. For check-in past eight	It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable studio maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single.  Very cozy and lovely studio with upscale furnishings and quality.  Ideal apartment for a short or long stay. Very well located in the center of Paris, in the heart of Paris 16 !  we are glad to host you in our wonderfull city and in this appartment !! Ideal area to stay in Paris.  10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees. You can easily walk to the Trocadero and the Arch de Triomphe. Many restaurants, nice shops and stores nearby. Close to the lovely rue de Passy where you will find the famous market of Passy with typical food of Paris.  The beautiful park of Boulogne at walking distance. Metro, Taxis and public transport 2 minutes walk. Metro La Muette, Line number 9 at 2 minutes walk. Facilities :  WIFI, internationals TV channels, Nescafe coffee machine, microwave, ... Either I or my assistant, will meet you for check-in and checkout.  I'm available
23888		Bel appartement tout confort (3 pièces 74m2) dans quartier très recherché à 2 minutes de Trocadero. Chambre lit double et chambre enfant (- de 2 ans). Possibilité 2 places supplémentaires dans canapé-lit. Proximité immédiate commerces et restaurants.
23889	Atelier dans une impasse privée dans le 16 e arrondissement proche du Trocadéro, de la Tour Eiffel  A quiet place for quiet tenants Transports en commun à proximité Quartier vivant et habité, magasins (rue de la Pompe, rue de Longchamps, rue de Passy, etc)	Relaxing and quiet apartment in a private impasse just near the Eiffel tower and Champs-Elysées. There is a room in mezzanine and a sofa bed for 2 or 3 people. Well placed apartment to take the subway, buses and to go shopping. 
23890	tres moderne, equipé des tous les aménagements nécessaires, belles hauteurs sous plafond et très lumineux  	tres moderne, equipé des tous les aménagements nécessaires, belles hauteurs sous plafond et très lumineux  
23891	High standing duplex including a large living room, a dining room opening onto garden terrace, fitted equipped kitchen, parent's bedroom with bathroom and 1 bedroom (twin beds), guest bathroom. 115 sqm + entrance courtyard and terrace. Housekeeping and household (9 hours a week in 3 shifts)	At the ground floor of a private mansion in a calm street beside Jardin du Ranelagh, in the neighborhood of OCDE. High standing duplex decorated and furnished in the 18e century style. High standing duplex including a large living room, a dining room opening onto garden terrace, fitted equipped kitchen, parent's bedroom with bathroom and 1 bedroom (twin beds), guest bathroom. 115 sqm + entrance courtyard and terrace. Housekeeping and household (9 hours a week in 3 shifts)
23892		plein sud a 2 km Etoile quartier chic commerçant et paisible  proche bois de Boulogne   metro rue de la pompe état neuf tout équipé  air conditionné accès privatif DUREE DE LOCATION : MINIMUM UNE SEMAINE
23893		Our Home is suitable for couples. It is located in the best neighbourhood of Paris. It is simple yet modern and has all the necessary amenities.
23894		Is a residential area, 30m form supermarket and buses, near metro lines 10 and 9, also close form the Seine river and the Boulogne park 5m walk.  Metro Lines 10 and 9 and buses 22, 62, 72 and Rer C the only maybe small problem is no elevator, but think is a good way to make sport in Paris! just 7 small floors! ;) no towells.
23895	Double glass roof terrace + very nice house in comfort Paris 16 Close to Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes, Coubertin Stadium, Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Easily accessible by car, near the docks and peripheral bld, Extremely well connected: two lines of metro line 10 (St Michel, Odéon) and line 9 (Trocadero, Champs Elysees, department stores), three bus lines: 72 (Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Louvre, Palais Royal), 22 (Trocadero Etoile, Galeries Lafayette). 35 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Possible for another traveler : +15€/day Tips: Possibility of parking in the yard (17 € / day) Possibility of breakfast : 6,5€ All restaurants. Take a walk in the evening on the Garigliano bridge (5 min), beautiful view of the docks and the Eiffel Tower sparkling with lights and battery hours. Near the Parc Andre Citroen to get on the ball air of Paris: The Paris sky live	Near Rolland Garros, Stade Coubertin, Salons du parc des expositions Porte de Versailles Double glass roof terrace + very nice house in comfort Paris 16 Close to Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes, Coubertin Stadium, Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Easily accessible by car, near the docks and peripheral bld, Extremely well connected: two lines of metro line 10 (St Michel, Odéon) and line 9 (Trocadero, Champs Elysees, department stores), three bus lines: 72 (Eiffel Tower, Orsay Museum, Louvre, Palais Royal), 22 (Trocadero Etoile, Galeries Lafayette). 35 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower Possible for another traveler : +15€/day Tips: Possibility of parking in the yard (17 € / day) Possibility of breakfast : 6,5€ All restaurants. Take a walk in the evening on the Garigliano bridge (5 min), beautiful view of the docks and the Eiffel Tower sparkling with lights and battery hours. Near the Parc Andre Citroen to get on the ball air of Paris: The Paris sky live Extremely well co
23896	Quiet building with secure access code (2 security doors opened through electronic keys) and a lift. Recently refurbished flat in contempary srtyle with ample storage for garments and suitcases. Fully equipped with washer dryer washing machine and dishwasher. Fiberoptic internet connexion and TV main international and French channels.	"spacious one bedroom flat, fuly equipped, near the river Seine. 5mn walking distance from Eifel Tower and Trocadero gardens and the chic restaurant Monsieur Bleu and across the street from Shangri La Palace in Paris.Typical food market closeby. Quiet building with secure access code (2 security doors opened through electronic keys) and a lift. Recently refurbished flat in contempary srtyle with ample storage for garments and suitcases. Fully equipped with washer dryer washing machine and dishwasher. Fiberoptic internet connexion and TV main international and French channels. guests will have access to all the flat except for one part of the wardrobe where i keep personal belongings. guests can contact me if any issues or questions Quiet and residential district. Located opposite with ""Shangri La ""Palace in Paris opposite, and amazing view points on the Seine river and Eifel Tower and Trocadero museums. Lively area with direct access to local food market avenue President Wilson and exqu"
23897	A lot of nature near the Eiffel Tower A lot of things to see, sport events, area very famous, nice restaurants, nice shops	Bonjour studette neuve ,equipee, lit mezza 2 places, lumineuse, calme sur cour fleurie,  metro Porte d Auteuil, restaurants,commerces,parcs,  piscine, bois de Boulogne, Tour Eiffel a 2min, excellente situation Sanitaires communs . A lot of nature near the Eiffel Tower A lot of things to see, sport events, area very famous, nice restaurants, nice shops Acces to swimming pool, tennis, horse riding, bicycle roads, football, rugby s events, metro As much they will need It s very quiet, charming, precious and very near from every famous places in Paris
23898	Fully renovated flat of 40 SQM located in the 16th district of Paris on the groundfloor facing a private courtyard. Idealy located between avenue des Champs Elysées and place du Trocadero in the very chic 16 eme arrondissement, in a street full of facilities (food shops, supermarket, restaurants) close to many trendy fashion shops and fancy restaurants. This fully equiped flat is composed of a master bedroom with a shower bath room, a large living room, and an office room. The place is very quiet, located on the ground floor and facing a private courtyard. The whole flat has just been renewed and decorated by a designer. It is very comfortable, and totally furnished (washing machine, dishwasher, big flat TV, dvd player, Bose sound system, WiFi. The area is very safe, there are are many transportation facilities arounr (RER, Metro, Bus) and many Taxis passing arround. 	Fully renovated flat of 40 SQM located in the 16th district of Paris on the groundfloor facing a private courtyard. Idealy located between avenue des Champs Elysées and place du Trocadero in the very chic 16 eme arrondissement, in a street full of facilities (food shops, supermarket, restaurants) close to many trendy fashion shops and fancy restaurants. This fully equiped flat is composed of a master bedroom with a shower bath room, a large living room, and an office room. The place is very quiet, located on the ground floor and facing a private courtyard. The whole flat has just been renewed and decorated by a designer. It is very comfortable, and totally furnished (washing machine, dishwasher, big flat TV, dvd player, Bose sound system, WiFi. The area is very safe, there are are many transportation facilities arounr (RER, Metro, Bus) and many Taxis passing arround. 
23899	Romance and rooftops Located on the 6th floor with two large terraces, access to the rooftop and a romantic view of the Eiffel Tower, this duplex flat would be any traveller’s dream. With the living room, the kitchen and dining room located on the bottom floor, the upstairs bedroom is indulged with a luxuriously comfortable bed and an aura of utter tranquillity. If you’re struck with a flash of inspiration, or simply wish to mix work with play, there is also a desk area to ensure business continues as usual. Party of three? Fret not! This flat comes with a convertible sofa and can accommodate up to three guests with ease. The apartment houses a fully equipped kitchen, a flat screen TV, wireless internet access, and an iPod dock. It has a fresh, contemporary and artsy interior, and if that’s not enough to centre your soul, why not pause to appreciate the handpicked photography adorning the walls? There is much to say about the area in which this apartment is located. Exclusively situate	Romance and rooftops Located on the 6th floor with two large terraces, access to the rooftop and a romantic view of the Eiffel Tower, this duplex flat would be any traveller’s dream. Romance and rooftops Located on the 6th floor with two large terraces, access to the rooftop and a romantic view of the Eiffel Tower, this duplex flat would be any traveller’s dream. With the living room, the kitchen and dining room located on the bottom floor, the upstairs bedroom is indulged with a luxuriously comfortable bed and an aura of utter tranquillity. If you’re struck with a flash of inspiration, or simply wish to mix work with play, there is also a desk area to ensure business continues as usual. Party of three? Fret not! This flat comes with a convertible sofa and can accommodate up to three guests with ease. The apartment houses a fully equipped kitchen, a flat screen TV, wireless internet access, and an iPod dock. It has a fresh, contemporary and artsy interior, and if that’s not enough to c
23900	Idéalement situé, à deux pas de la tour Eiffel, 3 stations de métro des champs Elysées. Studio entièrement équipé mieux qu'un hotel!	Idéalement situé, à deux pas de la tour Eiffel, 3 stations de métro des champs Elysées. Studio entièrement équipé mieux qu'un hotel! Rue très commerçante, supermarché et boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble.  Je parle Anglais et Espagnol.  Quartier chic et bourgeois à la fois. Vous serez en sécurité.  RER C, La Muette Métro ligne 9, rue de la Pompe
23901	Joli studio de 32 m² au 1er étage, meublé à neuf recement et complètement équipé. Dans un immeuble de haut standing donnant sur cour intérieure.  Idéalement situé dans la rue Saint Didier donnant sur l’avenue Kleber (à 20 mètres). L’appartement se trouve à 2 min de la place du Trocadéro et 3 de la place Charles de Gaulles-Etoile (Grands monuments de Paris Tour Eiffel et l’Arc de triomphe tout proche). Cosy and charming studio (32m2) near Trocadéro and Champs elysées (2 and 5 min by walking). recently  refurbished. One living room & a well equipped Kitchen. Well connected : bus, subway, Velib autolib nearby. Apartment overlooks a quiet and adorable courtyard. 	Joli Studio, Idéalement situé dans la rue Saint Didier donnant sur l’avenue Kleber (à 20 mètres). L’appartement se trouve à 2 min du Trocadéro et 3 de la place Charles de Gaulles-Etoile (Grands monuments de Paris, Tour Eiffel et l’Arc de triomphe) Joli studio de 32 m² au 1er étage, meublé à neuf recement et complètement équipé. Dans un immeuble de haut standing donnant sur cour intérieure.  Idéalement situé dans la rue Saint Didier donnant sur l’avenue Kleber (à 20 mètres). L’appartement se trouve à 2 min de la place du Trocadéro et 3 de la place Charles de Gaulles-Etoile (Grands monuments de Paris Tour Eiffel et l’Arc de triomphe tout proche). Cosy and charming studio (32m2) near Trocadéro and Champs elysées (2 and 5 min by walking). recently  refurbished. One living room & a well equipped Kitchen. Well connected : bus, subway, Velib autolib nearby. Apartment overlooks a quiet and adorable courtyard. Tout le studio est à disposition sauf le placard d'entrée. The Studio is available ex
23902	"Quiet and lovely apartment, in front of the trees and birds of the ""Bois de Boulogne"". Very well located. Taste the feeling of the countryside in Paris !"	"Lovely and quiet apartment in the high end 16th district (equivalent to the Upper East side in NY); close to the Eiffel Tower (10 min walking), Bois de Boulogne, and La Muette district.  With bed, desk, shower and little kitchen. Quiet and lovely apartment, in front of the trees and birds of the ""Bois de Boulogne"". Very well located. Taste the feeling of the countryside in Paris ! Guests have access to all the studio as well as all the equipments. I will be pleased to give you advices and good tips (restaurants, museums, shopping areas....) to enjoy your stay. Don't hesitate to ask. In the heart of the ""16e arrondissement"", 10 minutes walking from the Eiffel tower, right in front of the Bois de Boulogne (running, walking around lakes, this is a very nice place !), 2 minutes from Ranelagh gardens; 6 minutes from La Muette restaurants (and tea rooms or bakeries and ""boulangerie"") and to one of the best shopping area in Paris : la rue de Passy and la Muette  (to eat : Franprix, Monoprix ("
23903		très bel apt de 110 m2 en plein cœur du XVIème arrondissement 5mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel 3 chambres : 1 chambre avec un grand lit double, 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés, 1 chambre avec 1 lit mezzanine Salon, Salle à manger, 1 SDB et 1 douche
23904	Located in the exclusive shopping area of Passy, 10 mins walk from Trocadero face to Tour Eiffel and 50 m from the Ranelagh Gardens, you will be the most total calm in this apartment of 90 m 2 with terrace that runs along the entire apartment.  There is a master bedroom and 2 bathrooms, perfect base for a couple.  You can have diner on the terrace with candles or relax in the sun during the day.  Very quiet building overlooking a private square, no noise. You are at the 8 th floor with a clear view  Great experience!	Located in the exclusive shopping area of Passy, 10 mins walk from Trocadero and 50 m from the Ranelagh Gardens, you will be the most total calm in this apartment of 90 m 2 with terrace that runs along the entire apartment. free parking Located in the exclusive shopping area of Passy, 10 mins walk from Trocadero face to Tour Eiffel and 50 m from the Ranelagh Gardens, you will be the most total calm in this apartment of 90 m 2 with terrace that runs along the entire apartment.  There is a master bedroom and 2 bathrooms, perfect base for a couple.  You can have diner on the terrace with candles or relax in the sun during the day.  Very quiet building overlooking a private square, no noise. You are at the 8 th floor with a clear view  Great experience! 50 m from metro  station
23905	Beautiful apartment amazingly located near rue de Passy and to the Bois de Boulogne This aera of Paris is know as one of the wealthiest parts of Paris    This 70sqm flat is located on the top floor, in a charming Parisian style building (with elevator)and balcony. The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accommodate 5-6 people: 2 bedrooms/One with double beds,one with 2 single beds and one living-room with 1 sofa bed.  Internet (wireless), washing machine, iron, fridge, oven, iron etc. available. In the area, there are many shops, restaurants, bars, cafés, bakeries, butchers, groceries. If you want to go jogging or go for a walk, the Bois de Boulogne is 10 mins away!  This  is the perfect place to discover the main tourist spots in Paris. Feel free to contact me if you have any question. I will be glad to help you with any advice.	Beautiful apartment amazingly located near rue de Passy and to the Bois de Boulogne This aera of Paris is know as one of the wealthiest parts of Paris  This 70sqm flat is located on the top floor, in a charming Parisian style building (with lift) Beautiful apartment amazingly located near rue de Passy and to the Bois de Boulogne This aera of Paris is know as one of the wealthiest parts of Paris    This 70sqm flat is located on the top floor, in a charming Parisian style building (with elevator)and balcony. The flat has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accommodate 5-6 people: 2 bedrooms/One with double beds,one with 2 single beds and one living-room with 1 sofa bed.  Internet (wireless), washing machine, iron, fridge, oven, iron etc. available. In the area, there are many shops, restaurants, bars, cafés, bakeries, butchers, groceries. If you want to go jogging or go for a walk, the Bois de Boulogne is 10 mins away!  This  is the perfect place to discover the main tourist sp
23906	• Spectacular and charming loft with terrace,  1920's. Surface area : 170m2 (1830 sq ft) • 2nd et 3rd floors  (elevator access) of a small charming building with only four quiet flats. • The building has been used as a location for filmmaking and as an exhibition place by artists like Moebius (Jean Giraud),  • 1st level : big open living room with dinning room and study, open on an 45m2 terrasse  and balcony. Large flat TV screen + home cinema, • 1 kitchen with a large balcony : fully equiped. • 1 laundry room • Large stairs case, with a 6 meters high ceiling, leading to : • 2nd floor with two double bedrooms (tissus Braquenié). 2 bathrooms. • 2 WC separated. • Elevator. • Code and interphone. • Towels and linens provided, as well as all the necessary supplies for the washing and dish washing machines.  • Grocery shopping ready for your arrival can be arranged. • Neighborhood : Residential and shopping district (Passy). 5 minutes far from Place du Trocadéro and Place de la Muette. • Ma	• Spectacular and charming loft with terrace,  1920's. Surface area : 170m2 (1830 sq ft) • 2nd et 3rd floors  (elevator access) of a small charming building with only four quiet flats. • The building has been used as a location for filmmaking and as an exhibition place by artists like Moebius (Jean Giraud),  • 1st level : big open living room with dinning room and study, open on an 45m2 terrasse  and balcony. Large flat TV screen + home cinema, • 1 kitchen with a large balcony : fully equiped. • 1 laundry room • Large stairs case, with a 6 meters high ceiling, leading to : • 2nd floor with two double bedrooms (tissus Braquenié). 2 bathrooms. • 2 WC separated. • Elevator. • Code and interphone. • Towels and linens provided, as well as all the necessary supplies for the washing and dish washing machines.  • Grocery shopping ready for your arrival can be arranged. • Neighborhood : Residential and shopping district (Passy). 5 minutes far from Place du Trocadéro and Place de la Muette. • Ma
23907	Atypical apartment, high ceilings (3.6 meters), very quiet with a small garden (35 square meters). A few steps from the Trocadero and Passy, in the heart of 16th arrondissement. Large living room of 45 sqm with open kitchen, 4 bedrooms as followed: 1 with double bed and its bathroom (shower, toilets), 2 with single bed (+1 single bed additional possible) and 1 with double bed. All these 3 bedrooms are with beds on mezzanine (2m high) - fully secured, accessible through stairs and are sharing a second bathroom (bath, shower and toilets). Tastefully decorated, comfortable and fully equipped.	Very close to the Trocadero place atypical charming apartment with lovely garden. Large living room, open kitchen, 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Ideally located for exploring the French capital. Atypical apartment, high ceilings (3.6 meters), very quiet with a small garden (35 square meters). A few steps from the Trocadero and Passy, in the heart of 16th arrondissement. Large living room of 45 sqm with open kitchen, 4 bedrooms as followed: 1 with double bed and its bathroom (shower, toilets), 2 with single bed (+1 single bed additional possible) and 1 with double bed. All these 3 bedrooms are with beds on mezzanine (2m high) - fully secured, accessible through stairs and are sharing a second bathroom (bath, shower and toilets). Tastefully decorated, comfortable and fully equipped. Kitchen fully equipped Wifi Cable TV Guardian End of stay cleaning Possible exchange by email or phone directly with the owner. English and French spoken. At the heart of the 16 arrondissement, close by foot to di
23908	Décoration de qualité et confort complet :  TV, Wifi, 1 canapé convertible (2 personnes), cuisine équipée (plaques, hotte, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, vaisselle, etc.), draps, serviettes de bain, fer à repasser, penderie, etc.	Studio de 18m2 récemment refait à neuf, très lumineux,bien agencé et calme. Salle de bain (douche) et WC. Décoration de qualité et confort complet :  TV, Wifi, 1 canapé convertible (2 personnes), cuisine équipée (plaques, hotte, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, vaisselle, etc.), draps, serviettes de bain, fer à repasser, penderie, etc. Il se trouve au 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur. L'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode et gardien). Votre confort est ma priorité. Je resterai joignable durant tout votre séjour. Les horaires d'arrivée et de départ seront fixés selon les disponibilités de chacun. L'appartement est idéalement situé. Il se trouve dans une rue très commerçante (alimentation, mode, pharmacie, cinéma, etc.). La tour eiffel se trouve à environ 15 minutes à pied et le trocadero à environ 5 minute à pied. L'appartement est situé à 2 minutes de la station Passy (Ligne 6) et à 5 minutes de la station Trocadéro (ligne 9). Très facilement accessible.
23909	Very clean and functionnal studio apartment on a 4th floor of a modern building, only a few meters away from square Victor Hugo, in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris, walking distance from the Effeil Tower,  the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. A lot of shops, café's and restaurants around the place, metro is a minute away (Ligne 2 - Victor Hugo). Fully Equiped american kitchen with a washing-machine, cooking plates, a micro-wave and an oven. Small bathroom with a shower and toilets. High speed internet and wifi (fiber optics), TV, DVD player, and soundsystem. Calm place with a view on a garden. Parking space in the building at an extra cost of 10€/day.	My very cosy and comfortable studio apartment is conveniently placed right in between the Effeil Tower and Champs Élysées. Easy access to metro and shops. Everything to make your stay unforgettable ! Welcome home. Very clean and functionnal studio apartment on a 4th floor of a modern building, only a few meters away from square Victor Hugo, in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris, walking distance from the Effeil Tower,  the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. A lot of shops, café's and restaurants around the place, metro is a minute away (Ligne 2 - Victor Hugo). Fully Equiped american kitchen with a washing-machine, cooking plates, a micro-wave and an oven. Small bathroom with a shower and toilets. High speed internet and wifi (fiber optics), TV, DVD player, and soundsystem. Calm place with a view on a garden. Parking space in the building at an extra cost of 10€/day. I am always available by email or what'sapp for any questions during or prior to the stay. My concierge will take ca
23910	**** Description en français un petit plus bas. Charming flat located Porte d’Auteuil in the 16th « arrondissement ».  It is located on the 2nd floor of a 30s building with elevator and opens onto a garden square. The apartment is 60sqm. You will have the apartment for you: cozy living room with a comfortable sofa and a dining table, a large bedroom, bathroom with bathtube and fully equipped kitchen (gas stove, refrigerator , oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine). There is a TV in the living room and bedroom. Wifi is included. Another room is currently used as storage space. The apartment is bright and welcoming, perfect for a couple. We provide linen and towels comfortable bath. The apartment is located in the authentic and enjoyable Auteuil. area The busy shopping street Auteuil is 2 minutes, and offers bakers, butchers, fishmongers, cheese shops, supermarkets and the market on Wednesday and Saturday. The hypermarket Carrefour is 5 minute walk away. Lines 9 and 10 of the metr	Spacious comfy flat located in authentic and quiet residential area. **** Description en français un petit plus bas. Charming flat located Porte d’Auteuil in the 16th « arrondissement ».  It is located on the 2nd floor of a 30s building with elevator and opens onto a garden square. The apartment is 60sqm. You will have the apartment for you: cozy living room with a comfortable sofa and a dining table, a large bedroom, bathroom with bathtube and fully equipped kitchen (gas stove, refrigerator , oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine). There is a TV in the living room and bedroom. Wifi is included. Another room is currently used as storage space. The apartment is bright and welcoming, perfect for a couple. We provide linen and towels comfortable bath. The apartment is located in the authentic and enjoyable Auteuil. area The busy shopping street Auteuil is 2 minutes, and offers bakers, butchers, fishmongers, cheese shops, supermarkets and the market on Wednesday and Saturday. The hy
23911	A very nice flat with 2 rooms, one kitchen an a bathroom. Near to near Trocadéro place ( 5 min by walk). The bulding is in on of the luxuary and best disctrict in Paris. You cab have metro ans bus stattions at 2min. Internet and 500 channels are included in the offer.	A very nice flat with 2 rooms, one kitchen an a bathroom. Near to near Trocadéro place ( 5 min by walk). The bulding is in on of the luxuary and best disctrict in Paris. You cab have metro ans bus stattions at 2min. Internet and 500 channels are included in the offer.
23912	This charming 17 square meter studio apartment is located on rue Copernic in the 16th arrondissement,  the very chic Victor Hugo area, located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century walk up building. Perfect to sleep 2 people. 	A charming 17 square meter  studio apartment is located on rue Copernic in the 16th arrondissement, in the very chic Victor Hugo area, located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people.  This charming 17 square meter studio apartment is located on rue Copernic in the 16th arrondissement,  the very chic Victor Hugo area, located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century walk up building. Perfect to sleep 2 people. The presence of local stores ensures that you will be able to buy everything you need for day-to-day life. Victor Hugo, is a stylish district to be seen in. Also located near the Trocadéro and the Bois de Boulogne, the Victor Hugo district is a strategic location. Quiet and calm, but yet just a stone's throw away from the Champs Elysées.     This quiet pleasant area will welcome you with its welcoming terrace cafes and shop widows. Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, and the Champ de Mars. Are all just a short walking distance away.    The Avenue  Victor Hug
23913	Prestigeous Dupleix with secured entrance, Intercom phones & video surveillance, quiet on ground and first floor of a magnificent building at the heart of the 16th district of Paris, at a walk distance from the most famous avenue in the world « the Champs-Elysees », only 500m from « Foch avenue » and very close to Eifel Tower, and 3 metro stations, enjoy a dupleix penthouse pleasantly furnished with elite class furniture, suitable for 6 Pax.	Located between the Worldwide famous «  Champs-Elysees » avenue, and The 2nd most famous landmark in the world, The Eiffel Tower, You’ll enjoy  this dupleix furnished with elite class furniture and suitable for 6 Pax in the heart of the 16t Prestigeous Dupleix with secured entrance, Intercom phones & video surveillance, quiet on ground and first floor of a magnificent building at the heart of the 16th district of Paris, at a walk distance from the most famous avenue in the world « the Champs-Elysees », only 500m from « Foch avenue » and very close to Eifel Tower, and 3 metro stations, enjoy a dupleix penthouse pleasantly furnished with elite class furniture, suitable for 6 Pax. On ground floor, large loft-like lounge with big windows on street, wide screen TV, dining area, a sofa-bed of 160x200, closets, adjoining room with a sofa-bed and shower, Kitchen elite class equipped, bathroom - Toilets, stairs to first floor.  On first floor  big windows on street, kingsize bed, 2 digital safe
23914		Cosy apartment, located in the Western posh Paris neighbourhood, walking distance to Trocadéro (Eiffel tower), Marmottan museum, Passy shopping avenue and the Bois de Boulogne park, can comfortably accommodate 2 persons in a quiet, lovely and comfort
23915	Joli appartement de 48m2 tout équipé, très bien situé. Une grande chambre lumineuse, une jolie salle de bain, un salon ainsi qu'une cuisine spacieuse. Internet,Ascenseur, interphone, gardien  Transports: métro Ranelagh, La muette et Passy  ReR C: Boulainvilliers Wifi Je suis très disponible pour répondre aux questions des voyageurs.  Beau quartier, calme, et bien situé. De nombreux commerce à proximité. Très bien desservi.  Transports: métro Ranelagh, La muette et Passy  ReR C: Boulainvilliers	Joli appartement de 48m2 très bien situé. Une grande chambre lumineuse, une jolie salle de bain, un salon ainsi qu'une cuisine spacieuse. Ascenseur, interphone, gardien  Transports: métro Ranelagh, La muette et Passy  ReR C: Boulainvilliers Joli appartement de 48m2 tout équipé, très bien situé. Une grande chambre lumineuse, une jolie salle de bain, un salon ainsi qu'une cuisine spacieuse. Internet,Ascenseur, interphone, gardien  Transports: métro Ranelagh, La muette et Passy  ReR C: Boulainvilliers Wifi Je suis très disponible pour répondre aux questions des voyageurs.  Beau quartier, calme, et bien situé. De nombreux commerce à proximité. Très bien desservi.  Transports: métro Ranelagh, La muette et Passy  ReR C: Boulainvilliers
23916	Le logement est très agréable, bien equipé et moderne. Votre chambre est privé. Le salon est partargé et l'autre chambre est occupé. 30 EUROS DES FRAIS DE NETTOYAGE au moment du checkin sont obligatoire. 100 EUROS DE CAUTION AUSSI	Très charmant chambre dans mon apartément avec le petit déjeuner dans la boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble. Il y a deux chambres dans l'apartément et le seconde chambre est déja occupé. Le salon est partagé dans la journée. Le logement est très agréable, bien equipé et moderne. Votre chambre est privé. Le salon est partargé et l'autre chambre est occupé. 30 EUROS DES FRAIS DE NETTOYAGE au moment du checkin sont obligatoire. 100 EUROS DE CAUTION AUSSI Bathroom and bedroom. I AM AMERICAN ND SPEAK ENGLISH AND FRENCH Je peux vous orienter et vous donner des astuces pour des bons plans dans le quartier. Je suis américaine et bilingue. ARC DE TRIOMPHE, CHAMPS ELYSEES, BON NOURITURE, LE SHOPPING, LE PARC, ETC... METRO BUS ETC TRES ACCESSIBLE. METRO STATION PORTE MAILLOT. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR HOST WELL IN ADVANCE TO FIX THE AGREED UPON CHECK IN TOGETHER. 30 EURO CLEANING FEE MUST BE PAID ON ARRIVAL IN ORDER TO GET THE KEYS AND 100 EURO SECURITY DEPOSIT. PASSPORT MUST BE PRESENTED UPON ARRIVAL. I
23917	You will feel like home :-)	Sunny and cozy 36m2 studio in the 16th arrondisement. 10min walk from the Eiffel tower. Good bus, metro and RER connections. 6th floor with lift. Very safe part of Paris. wi-fi
23918	Our large 2 room apartment is located in a very nice quiet street of the very chic 16th arrondissement of Paris. Of walking distance of the Eiffel Tower (15mn) it is just near (2mn) the métro station Jasmin on the line 9 which will bring you to the middle of Paris within less than 10mn.	Our large 2 room apartment is located in a very quiet street of the chic 16th district of Paris. Of walking distance to the Eiffel Tower (15mn) it is 2mn away from the metro station Jasmin on line 9 which will bring you to the middle of Paris in 10mn Our large 2 room apartment is located in a very nice quiet street of the very chic 16th arrondissement of Paris. Of walking distance of the Eiffel Tower (15mn) it is just near (2mn) the métro station Jasmin on the line 9 which will bring you to the middle of Paris within less than 10mn.
23919	This unique and exclusive guest room will print your most beautiful moments with elegance. An exquisite and calm surrounding, just a few meters far from  Trocadero Circle, with a view on the Eiffel Tower and a well cared private garden of 130 m2.	Ancient mansion located at Trocadero, facing the Eiffel Tower. Exceptional en-suite room (with bathtub) decorated 50ties mood, tribute to Christian Dior. Upper class service, French breakfast, in 130 m2 hidden manicured garden. Fireplace in winter. This unique and exclusive guest room will print your most beautiful moments with elegance. An exquisite and calm surrounding, just a few meters far from  Trocadero Circle, with a view on the Eiffel Tower and a well cared private garden of 130 m2. You will be able to access freely to the first 4 floors of the mansion: kitchen for breakfast, living room and mezzanine (contemporary art gallery), and your room, located on the 2nd floor (no lift). We are at your disposal to help you on any subject and with any matter (art, restaurants, ballets, museums, theaters, taxis, planes, etc…). 10 min. by foot to the Triumph Arc and the Champs Elysees avenue, 3 min. by foot to the Seine River. 1 min. by foot to the Trocadero metro station (line 6 & 9), bus
23920	Very charming 2 bedrooms of 50 square meters, located in Ranelagh, very chic 16th district . Very close neighborhood Muette - Passy, 16th arrondissement.  -By walk : 3 minutes Mute / Passy Trocadero to 15/20min / Effel Tower  -Only 50 meters from Ranelagh Metro (line 9) and 50 meters large garden Ranelagh. -By Metro: 5/ 10 minutes from Champs Elysées & Eiffel Tower and 5 from Trocadero. Fully furnished: - Bedrooms: 1 big bed for 2 + 1 large plasma TV , overlooking courtyard / garden - Living room: 2 sofa beds each , 1 large Plasma TV , overlooking courtyard / garden - Kitchen: dishwasher , fridge, freezer , 4 ring hob , oven , microwave, Nespresso coffee machine .  -Bathroom & WC: bath, washing machine.  Electric heating & hot water, cable Channels + WIFI Internet Supplies: crockery , kitchen utensils , sheets, towels, etc.  Quiet flat, 1st floor, elevator. Courtyard with greenery, very relaxing. Ideally for 2 persons. Sleeps up to 3 people. Secure area. Digital lock, security door. Ex	Very charming 2 bedrooms of 50 square meters, located in Ranelagh, very chic 16th district . Very close neighborhood Muette - Passy.  -By walk : 3 min Mutette/Passy, 15 min Trocadero 20  min Eiffel Tower. Fully furnished. Ideal for 2.Sleeps up to 3. Very charming 2 bedrooms of 50 square meters, located in Ranelagh, very chic 16th district . Very close neighborhood Muette - Passy, 16th arrondissement.  -By walk : 3 minutes Mute / Passy Trocadero to 15/20min / Effel Tower  -Only 50 meters from Ranelagh Metro (line 9) and 50 meters large garden Ranelagh. -By Metro: 5/ 10 minutes from Champs Elysées & Eiffel Tower and 5 from Trocadero. Fully furnished: - Bedrooms: 1 big bed for 2 + 1 large plasma TV , overlooking courtyard / garden - Living room: 2 sofa beds each , 1 large Plasma TV , overlooking courtyard / garden - Kitchen: dishwasher , fridge, freezer , 4 ring hob , oven , microwave, Nespresso coffee machine .  -Bathroom & WC: bath, washing machine.  Electric heating & hot water, cable 
23921		This charming appartement in a modern housing complex near Trocadro is ideal to enjoy your short stay in Paris. Located in the 16eme arr. one of the most luxurious and high security neighbrhoods in Paris.
23922	AREA : Lovely bedroom in shared  apartment of about 78 (website hidden) located  in the splendid andvery exclusive neighbourhoods  of the 16th district - in the metro station  “Ranelagh” line 9 - nearby Trocadero district (3 metro stations – about 5 mns)).	AREA : Lovely bedroom in shared  apartment of about 78 (website hidden) located  in the splendid andvery exclusive neighbourhoods  of the 16th district - in the metro station  “Ranelagh” line 9 - nearby Trocadero district (3 metro stations – about 5 mns)). They will have access to  the  double living area, separate kitchen, master spacious bedroom with a double bed king size ( 180x200) + a single bed . The kitchen , the bathroom and the WC. Fireplaces in all the rooms give  unique features and characteristics to the flat. Having travelled myself a lot, I woulld be very happy to share and help during their stay in Paris The location is very convenient for visiting the city : the district is surrounded by plenty of major cultural sites: the Trocadero Center ( 3 metro stations – line 9 ), the Arc de Triomphe (6 metro stations - about 10mns), the Champs-Elysées, and the Eiffel tower  (2 train stations with RER C); Invalides (4 RER stations) as well as many small local museums. Its proximit
23923		Très belle chambre à louer, lit neuf 2 personnes, possibilité de location d'une seconde chambre, vaste également (possibilité jusqu'à 4 pers.) . S de bains privée. Quartier bien relié au tout Paris touristique. Propreté confort assurés. Bienvenue !
23924	This quiet and comfortable penthouse apartment is in the center of Paris, 50 meters (150ft) from Place de Trocadero, which provides a unique view of the Eiffel Tower. Nearby, are restaurants, drugstores, a supermarket, a dry-cleaner, beauty shops, the Trocadero metro stop (subway), and a bus stop. The building has a quiet court yard, with the on-door speakerphone. The apt is on the top floor, with high ceilings. There is a concierge and an elevator in the building. Totaling 65 sq.m (700sqft), this apt includes a spacious bedroom with a quarter bathroom(only sink), a large living room with tons of natural light coming from skylights, a kitchen, and a full bathroom. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine, hair dryer, a refrigerator, a microwave oven, a Nespresso coffee machine, a toaster, a juicer, cable television, a printer, wireless Internet, and a state-of-the-art Bang & Olufsen stereo system. The heating is electric and guests can switch it on/off whenever they wish. 	This quiet and comfortable penthouse apartment is in the center of Paris, 50 meters (150ft) from Place de Trocadero, which provides a unique view of the Eiffel Tower. Nearby, are restaurants, drugstores, a supermarket, a dry-cleaner, beauty shops, the Trocadero metro stop (subway), and a bus stop. The building has a quiet court yard, with the on-door speakerphone. The apt is on the top floor, with high ceilings. There is a concierge and an elevator in the building. Totaling 65 sq.m (700sqft), this apt includes a spacious bedroom with a quarter bathroom(only sink), a large living room with tons of natural light coming from skylights, a kitchen, and a full bathroom. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine, hair dryer, a refrigerator, a microwave oven, a Nespresso coffee machine, a toaster, a juicer, cable television, a printer, wireless Internet, and a state-of-the-art Bang & Olufsen stereo system. The heating is electric and guests can switch it on/off whenever they wish. 
23925	Appartement standing 100m2 Perpendiculaire a la rue de Passy. 15min a pied de la Tour Eiffel. 5 min a pied du jardin du Ranelagh et 10 min du Bois de Boulogne. Tres commercant (marché couvert, rue piétonne et supermarchés). Capacité d'acceuil max 4/5 adultes et 2/3 enfants. Chambre adulte (lit double), chambre enfant (lit 1 place+chauffeuse 1 place+ 2 lits parapluie a disposition), méridienne 1 place dans le salon Chambres sur jardin Grand double salon Très clair Grand balcon Internet/wifi TV cable, lecteur DVD, Radio/lecteur CD et base ipod Equipement enfants 0 a 5 ans RER C Boulainvillers Metro La Muette ou Passy Bus 32, 22, 52..	Appartement standing 100m2 Perpendiculaire a la rue de Passy. 15min a pied de la Tour Eiffel. 5 min a pied du jardin du Ranelagh et 10 min du Bois de Boulogne. Tres commercant (marché couvert, rue piétonne et supermarchés). Capacité d'acceuil max 4/5 adultes et 2/3 enfants. Chambre adulte (lit double), chambre enfant (lit 1 place+chauffeuse 1 place+ 2 lits parapluie a disposition), méridienne 1 place dans le salon Chambres sur jardin Grand double salon Très clair Grand balcon Internet/wifi TV cable, lecteur DVD, Radio/lecteur CD et base ipod Equipement enfants 0 a 5 ans RER C Boulainvillers Metro La Muette ou Passy Bus 32, 22, 52.. Très commerçant- marché couvert, supermarchés, rue piétonne et rue de Passy trendy Résidentiel et sur Très bien desservi en transports, liaison directes avec nombreux sites et points d'intérêts parisiens 15 min de la Tour Eiffel Proche Jardin du Ranelagh et Bois de Boulogne
23926	Magnifique Vue Tour Eiffel - 16ème arrondissement proche Champs Elysées - Très beau quartier et Immeuble de standing	Studio with a splendid view on the Eiffel Tower. Design studio rental and very bright-Ideal for successful holidays in Paris in the 16th district, very chic place near the Eiffel Tower-Lift to the studio  Shower inside - Toilets outside on same floor Private studio Wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower METRO The linens and towels are not included, you can either bring them or rent them directly at check-in. The price is 25 € for 1 or 2 persons The end cleaning is included Shower inside 3 toilets outside on the same floor
23927	Spacious, Super-Central Apartment located at the heart of Paris. Clean and Calm . This apartment is located halfway between Trocadero (Eiffel Tower) and Champs Elysées . Ideally located for tourists, you will feel at home in this apartment (just read the reviews!) .  A beautiful place in a new building with elevator (rare in Paris! ). Just near Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Champs-Elysées and Seine river. Located in the lively neighborhood around champs Elyseés and Victor Hugo with its market, delicacy shops, Fashion boutiques like Luis Vuitton and restaurants. The apartment itself can accommodate 6 persons: -1 bedroom with double king size Simons matress (very confortable) bed 1- extra bed  (140 x 200 cms) , very confortable Simons matress. -1 pull-out sofas in the living room that open up as a full double bed. -1 sofa  All with blankets, pillows and sheets.  Super-fast wifi, cable tv, microwave, Nespresso machine, fridge, washing machine, dryer , central heating, hair dryer	Please to send a note inquiring about availability before trying to book) Welcome to my 70m² appartment in the center of Paris!: 3min from eiffel tower and 3min away from champs elysees! Spacious, Super-Central Apartment located at the heart of Paris. Clean and Calm . This apartment is located halfway between Trocadero (Eiffel Tower) and Champs Elysées . Ideally located for tourists, you will feel at home in this apartment (just read the reviews!) .  A beautiful place in a new building with elevator (rare in Paris! ). Just near Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Champs-Elysées and Seine river. Located in the lively neighborhood around champs Elyseés and Victor Hugo with its market, delicacy shops, Fashion boutiques like Luis Vuitton and restaurants. The apartment itself can accommodate 6 persons: -1 bedroom with double king size Simons matress (very confortable) bed 1- extra bed  (140 x 200 cms) , very confortable Simons matress. -1 pull-out sofas in the living room that open up a
23928	Appartement moderne et lumineux, tout équipé, petit balcon idéal pour un petit déjeuné au calme  avec vue sur jardin- cuisine tout équipée, immeuble sécurisé dans quartier résidentiel proche du Trocadero, de la Tour Eiffel, de l'arc de triomphe	Appartement meublé de 36m2 dans le 16è arr - dans un immeuble parisien de standing, 5ème étage avec ascenseur. concierge& digicode. 1 salon donnant sur un balcon, 1 coin chambre, 1 cuisine séparée, 1 salle de bain avec WC séparés  . Peut héberger 2 pers maxi. Appartement moderne et lumineux, tout équipé, petit balcon idéal pour un petit déjeuné au calme  avec vue sur jardin- cuisine tout équipée, immeuble sécurisé dans quartier résidentiel proche du Trocadero, de la Tour Eiffel, de l'arc de triomphe Metro rue de la Pompe L9 nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. résidentiel, à proximité du Trocadero et de la Tour Eiffel, des grands magasins de passy et de la muette, et du jardin du Ranelagh Metro rue de la Pompe L9 les clefs sont à récupérer dans le 10eme rue Bouchardon à partir de 17h sans limite d'heure. possibilité de laisser les bagages a cette même adresse avant et après le séjour si besoin.
23929		Small flat with all comodities  Near bus station, subway and not far from the eiffel tower
23930	Situated in the heart of the XVI th arrondissement of Paris, it is a very nice and bright apartment with a deck and a nice peaceful garden.    Height of luxury, the Palais de Tokyo, the Ranelagh park, the Trocadéro and last but not least the Eiffel Tower are in the area.    This apartment is perfect to enjoy a wonderful stay in Paris.  The Space, located on ground floor : - living room - first bedroom with double bed and TV - second bedroom with double sofa-bed - third bedroom with little sofa-bed (1 or 2 guests) - a full fitted kitchen with a dajoining dining room - one bathroom / two WC - Deck and garden For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight For a check-in before 8.00am we will ask for 50€ to pay upon arrival	Situated in the heart of the XVI th arrondissement of Paris, it is a very nice and bright apartment with a deck and a nice peaceful garden.    Height of luxury, the Palais de Tokyo, the Ranelagh park, the Trocadéro and last but not least the Eiffel Tower are in the area.    This apartment is perfect to enjoy a wonderful stay in Paris.  The Space, located on ground floor : - living room - first bedroom with double bed and TV - second bedroom with double sofa-bed - third bedroom with little sofa-bed (1 or 2 guests) - a full fitted kitchen with a dajoining dining room - one bathroom / two WC - Deck and garden For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight For a check-in before 8.00am we will ask for 50€ to pay upon arrival
23931		It's a very big (15m2), sunny and beautiful room. It includes a bed (160cm), working table and a closet. It comfortably fits two. Located 15 mins walk to the Eiffel tower and very well connected with subways, RER and bus lines. Come and enjoy Paris!
23932	Moderne refait à neuf il bénéficie d'une cuisine équipée et d'une superbe salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. La chambre est très agréable et literie neuve. La pièce de vie spacieuse et lumineuse vous permettra de passer de belles soirées. Service de livraison de petits déjeuner et de presse possible via la conciergerie. Résidence surveillée 24/24 7/7.	Magnifique 2 pieces dans residence haut standing securisée, situé à 15 minutes à pied des champs elysées sur avenue Foch, il permet de se rendre dans les lieux les plus touristiques de Paris en 20 min maxi (metro en face). Parfait pour w.e romantique Moderne refait à neuf il bénéficie d'une cuisine équipée et d'une superbe salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. La chambre est très agréable et literie neuve. La pièce de vie spacieuse et lumineuse vous permettra de passer de belles soirées. Service de livraison de petits déjeuner et de presse possible via la conciergerie. Résidence surveillée 24/24 7/7. La station de metro porte dauphine et rer A se trouvent en face de notre résidence, ideal pour se déplacer dans paris. De plus la conciergerie s'occupe également de réserver des taxis. Je vous propose de vous aider avec toutes vos questions. Quartier calme, à proximité des grands lieux touristiques à pied . Metro porte dauphine ou rer A.
23933		Très bel appartement de 2 pièces à Paris 16è. Rue calme et lumineuse; prox. commerces.  Immeuble de standing.  3ème étage avec ascenseur. Entièrement rénové et meublé avec cuisine toute équipée. Salle de bains toilettes; télévision; machine à laver..
23934	" Great and exceptional brightness... studio crossing, exhibition East/West, with 2 terraces, one of each side (30 m2) which one gives on the Eiffel Tower in the last and 8 em floor of a recent building with views!  All equipped with - Wifi - internet tv. Neighbourhood quiet and picturesque village of Auteuil, with its shopping street and its shops nearby. For joggers, the bois de Boulogne has ten minutes and l horse racing? hippodrome! Metro ""Church of Auteuil"" ""Michelangelo"" in 2 minutes! "	" Great and exceptional brightness... studio crossing, exhibition East/West, with 2 terraces, one of each side (30 m2) which one gives on the Eiffel Tower in the last and 8 em floor of a recent building with views!  All equipped with - Wifi - internet tv. Neighbourhood quiet and picturesque village of Auteuil, with its shopping street and its shops nearby. For joggers, the bois de Boulogne has ten minutes and l horse racing? hippodrome! Metro ""Church of Auteuil"" ""Michelangelo"" in 2 minutes! "
23935	Very nice studio in Paris XVI, close to Roland Garros, and 10 minutes far from Eiffel Tower in metro. Close to all shops and stores (well rated bakeries, shops, several supermarkets, banks, post office...).  This studio (35m2) is completely new and ideal for families (up to 4 people) or couples, located in a quiet area of Paris.  nice view on private garden. Bathroom includes bath and towels.  Fully equiped kitchen  Living room equiped with 1 bed and convertible couch.	Very nice studio in Paris XVI, close to Roland Garros, and 10 minutes far from Eiffel Tower in metro. Close to all shops and stores (well rated bakeries, shops, several supermarkets, banks, post office...).  This studio (35m2) is completely new and ideal for families (up to 4 people) or couples, located in a quiet area of Paris.  nice view on private garden. Bathroom includes bath and towels.  Fully equiped kitchen  Living room equiped with 1 bed and convertible couch. Metro : Line 10 and 9 Bus : PC
23936		Appartement de 45 m2 neuf à 10min à pied de la Tour Eiffel 2 pièces avec accès sur un Jardin Privé Cuisine indépendante tout équipée Chambre avec lit double (2 places) Salon avec convertible (2 places)
23937	Beautiful flat 45m2 near the Eiffel Tower.  At the 5th floor, with elevator, of an Haussman building. Sun-exposed balcony. 1 independant bedroom with a king size bed , 1 living room with a convertible sofa ( 2 persons adult/child).  1 large kitchen with a dining area. Metro Dupleix / la Motte Piquet. In one of the most famous place of Paris: Champs de Mars/ Eiffel Tower / Rue du commerce, near the Seine.	Beautiful flat 45m2 near the Eiffel Tower.  At the 5th floor, with elevator, of an Haussman building. Sun-exposed balcony. 1 independant bedroom with a king size bed , 1 living room with a convertible sofa ( 2 persons adult/child).  1 large kitchen with a dining area. Metro Dupleix / la Motte Piquet. In one of the most famous place of Paris: Champs de Mars/ Eiffel Tower / Rue du commerce, near the Seine.
23938	20sqm Studio for rent in serviced building with 24h concierge. Moments from the Eiffel Tower and metro IENA. It is a VERY SAFE AREA as next to an Embassy with 24h police and the Shangri-la 5* hotel. I own the next door studio which is also similar and you can check the reviews for that. The studio is decorated in a modern and refined fashion. The main room has a large window letting in plenty of light with electric shutters. The open kitchenette has a stove top, fridge and tea kettle. The bathroom has a contemporary design with a large modern shower.  The flat is very centrally located, right next to the Trocadéro and across the Seine from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes walk). The flat is right next to the Seine and is in an ideal location for discovering all of the major sights of Paris on foot. If you prefer the métro, two lines are in immediate proximity to the flat. Line 9 will take you to directly to the Champs Élysées and the neighborhood of the Opéra. (Galeries Lafayette, Gare Sain	Beautiful studio in the heart of the 16th and minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. It also has a 24h concierge and security and is located in a very safe area. Very easy access to the tube and 15mins walk to the Champs Elysees. 20sqm Studio for rent in serviced building with 24h concierge. Moments from the Eiffel Tower and metro IENA. It is a VERY SAFE AREA as next to an Embassy with 24h police and the Shangri-la 5* hotel. I own the next door studio which is also similar and you can check the reviews for that. The studio is decorated in a modern and refined fashion. The main room has a large window letting in plenty of light with electric shutters. The open kitchenette has a stove top, fridge and tea kettle. The bathroom has a contemporary design with a large modern shower.  The flat is very centrally located, right next to the Trocadéro and across the Seine from the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes walk). The flat is right next to the Seine and is in an ideal location for discovering all of the
23939		Studio de 25m2 situé Paris 16 métro Pte de St Cloud (ligne 9) Pas loin du C.C Beaugrenelle, Tour Eiffel, Parc des Princes Très agréable et lumineux. Ce logement est calme et nous espérons que les voyageurs sauront respecter cela.
23940		Lovely 2 pièce appart cosy between Trocadéro & ChampElysee, near Eiffel tower and metro6&9. Living room with a sofa bed&big bedroom,kitchen complete, douche and WC ,also Internet &TV.Lots of restaurants, market nearby.A nice place for enjoy Paris.
23941	The apartment is situated in a quiet and safe neighborhood, several supermarkets are nearby  and you can take nice walks in the Bois the Boulogne which is very close. 	Hi everybody, We are subletting our apartment during the winter break. It‘s located in the 16th arrondissement, on the  The apartment is situated in a quiet and safe neighborhood, several supermarkets are nearby  and you can take nice walks in the Bois the Boulogne which is very close. We are 3 people to share the apartment and two of us are leaving during the winter break. The third flatmate will be there from time to time. The two rooms can accommodate 5 or 6 people: both are equipped with double beds and  in addition to this, there is a convertible couch in one of the rooms. Our kitchen is rather big and very well equipped (oven, microwave, electric water kettle, coffee machines, etc.).  You have a bathtub and a washing machine in the bathroom and a separate toilet. Our flatmate will be there from time to time and will have some company too between Christmas and New Year‘s eve. It‘s a very beautiful an quiet neighborhood with a lot of nice restaurants (sushi, french, italian, morocc
23942	Spacious (100 st mt approx.), fully equipped, typical Parisian Apartment, full Kitchen with dishwasher, toaster, oven and microwave. Grand Salon with living and dinning area. High ceilings and plenty of light. Second floor on elevator building. Quiet Street. Very homey. Laundry in Apartment.	This lovely and spacious 2 bedroom Parisian Apartment is located in the heart of the prestigious 16th district and just steps from the are of Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. Perfect for a family or 2 couples. Spacious (100 st mt approx.), fully equipped, typical Parisian Apartment, full Kitchen with dishwasher, toaster, oven and microwave. Grand Salon with living and dinning area. High ceilings and plenty of light. Second floor on elevator building. Quiet Street. Very homey. Laundry in Apartment. Complete apartment. Cleaning lady and cook available upon request at extra charge. Neighborhood guide and recommendations. Lovely neighborhood; chic and clean. Shopping area on Rue de Passy. Take bus or metro to Victor Hugo for more shopping or a bit further to Champs Elysses. Walk to the Eiffel Tower. Walk to Seine River and  Bir-Hakeim Bridge (famous from Last Tango in Paris). Passy and La Muette Metro stops just blocks away. The buses are also very nice and clean and take you all over. Walk
23943	Tout confort. Idéalement situé. Lumineux. Matelas mousse en latex - dos sensible.	Entre la Tour Eiffel et l'Arc de Triomphe - central.  Studio refait à neuf en 2015, au 3ème avec ascenseur. Une grande pièce à vivre, couchage 160x200... ! une cuisine indépendante toute équipée et salle de bains marbre avec grande baignoire. Tout confort. Idéalement situé. Lumineux. Matelas mousse en latex - dos sensible. M2 (Porte Dauphine, Victor Hugo) , Bus 52,82,63) Quartier animé, toutes commodités.
23944	The appartment is spacious. 4 people can sleep. It has : - one Bedroom with queensize bed for two persons, with a garden view - a double living room with:      * a large convertible sofa, for four persons. Two people can sleep when the sofa is in bed position.      * a dining room with table for six persons - a fully equiped kitchen (fridge/freezer, owen, wash & dry machine, dish wash machine, Nespresso coffee maker)  - a bathroom with bathtub/shower  -independent restrooms   -high speed WIFI (optical fiber)   - Flat screen TV with more than 100 channels including many foreign channels.   -Digicode/interphone   - towels and linens are provided The apartment is on the 3rd floor with a lift.	This very nice apartment of 65 square meters, for 4 persons, with one bedroom & a double living room is located in one of the most luxurious areas of Paris. Trocadero, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower, ... are at walking distance The appartment is spacious. 4 people can sleep. It has : - one Bedroom with queensize bed for two persons, with a garden view - a double living room with:      * a large convertible sofa, for four persons. Two people can sleep when the sofa is in bed position.      * a dining room with table for six persons - a fully equiped kitchen (fridge/freezer, owen, wash & dry machine, dish wash machine, Nespresso coffee maker)  - a bathroom with bathtub/shower  -independent restrooms   -high speed WIFI (optical fiber)   - Flat screen TV with more than 100 channels including many foreign channels.   -Digicode/interphone   - towels and linens are provided The apartment is on the 3rd floor with a lift. You have access to all the appartment We are at your disposal during your t
23945	"à deux pas des champs Elysées, ce studio refait à neuf est situé dans le ""triangle d'or"" des affaires et du tourisme"	"Métro Boissière. Studio meublé 11 m2, refait à neuf, au 6e AVEC ascenseur, dans immeuble bourgeois, pierre de taille, standing. Clair, calme.  lit une place, coin cuisine, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, douche, seul le wc est sur le palier juste à coté. à deux pas des champs Elysées, ce studio refait à neuf est situé dans le ""triangle d'or"" des affaires et du tourisme Wifi inclus, laverie située rue du Bouquet de Longchamp à 3 min, poubelles et tri selectif dans la cour Habitant sur place au 2ème étage, je suis là pour vous accueillir et vous remettre les clés, le check in et check out se fait donc tres rapidement et très facilement. les petits restos et brasserie, la sécurité d'un quartier très chic strictly non smoking room"
23946		
23947	The apartment is located on the exclusive Victor Hugo avenue, at the heart of the 16th district. Calm and ideally situated.  Few minutes walk from the Trocadero, Eiffel Tour, Arc de Triomphe, Bois de Boulogne, riverboat excursions and museums. This 43 square meter apartment consists of :  -separated entry  -equipped kitchen with a table bar and 2 chairs  -spacious living room with a bed sofa, TV and dining table -bedroom with a double bed  -bathroom with a bath and toilets The living room and the bedroom have a view on a peaceful and wooded courtyard.  The building has an elevator. Near to all amenities: supermarkets opened till 10pm, bakeries, pharmacies, butcher, caterer, post office, fashion shops.  Many restaurants near by. Métro 2 : Victor Hugo  Métro 9 : Rue de la pompe  Métro 6 : Trocadero  Taxi station at 1 min walk  Velib station at 2 min walk  Business district La Défense and le Palais des Congrès are few minutes drive by taxi or métro. ****************************** L’appart	The apartment is located on the exclusive Victor Hugo avenue, at the heart of the 16th district. Calm and ideally situated.  Few minutes walk from the Trocadero, Eiffel Tour, Arc de Triomphe, Bois de Boulogne, riverboat excursions and museums. This 43 square meter apartment consists of :  -separated entry  -equipped kitchen with a table bar and 2 chairs  -spacious living room with a bed sofa, TV and dining table -bedroom with a double bed  -bathroom with a bath and toilets The living room and the bedroom have a view on a peaceful and wooded courtyard.  The building has an elevator. Near to all amenities: supermarkets opened till 10pm, bakeries, pharmacies, butcher, caterer, post office, fashion shops.  Many restaurants near by. Métro 2 : Victor Hugo  Métro 9 : Rue de la pompe  Métro 6 : Trocadero  Taxi station at 1 min walk  Velib station at 2 min walk  Business district La Défense and le Palais des Congrès are few minutes drive by taxi or métro. ****************************** L’appart
23948	Logement dans une rue au calme, avec petit balcon. Vient d'être refait à neuf et dispose de toutes les machines, accessoires nécessaires pour vous sentir chez vous. Salle de bain et toilettes séparés. Cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Une chambre à coucher. 	"Appartement refait à neuf en plein coeur du 16 eme arrondissement de Paris. A 5 minutes à pied de la tour eiffel, et à 1 minute à pied de la rue commerçante "" Passy"". Il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires pour vous sentir chez vous! Logement dans une rue au calme, avec petit balcon. Vient d'être refait à neuf et dispose de toutes les machines, accessoires nécessaires pour vous sentir chez vous. Salle de bain et toilettes séparés. Cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Une chambre à coucher. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Je suis à la disposition des voyageurs pour une quelconque aide lors de leur séjour dans l'appartement. L'appartement se situe dans le quartier très commerçant de la rue de Passy, à quelques minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel! Situé à 5 minutes à pied du métro Passy ( ligne 6) , et à 7 minutes à pied du métro Muette ( ligne 9)."
23949		chambre 3E ETAGE AVEC ASCENSEUR
23950		Paris 16 ème, Rez-de-chaussée sur cour calme et dégagée, derrière l'avenue Foch, immeuble Haussmanien, code, gardienne.  20m², bien agencé, entrée, kitchenette, chambre/salon, TV murale, grande salle de bain avec grande baignoire , lave linge
23951		Warm apatment in the best quartier in Paris. Two elevators and 3 bedrooms. Can host from one to three people. Includes breakfast and will provide information in english, spanish or french. Close to Arc de Triumph, Eiffel Tower and PSG Stadium.   
23952	Situé dans une petite rue calme au coeur du 16ème arrondissement, cet appartement de 50m carrés ouvert sur un jardin arboré est à la fois charmant et fonctionnel. L'appartement comporte un chambre avec lit double(1,80m), un living avec canapé li (double) donnant sur le jardin, une salle de bain et une cuisine ouverte. Les fenêtres donnent toutes sur des jardins intérieurs, et on a du mal à imaginer qu'en sortant de l'immeuble on va rejoindre l'agitation parisienne en quelques minutes. Commerces et restaurants à proximité immédiate. 	Situé dans une petite rue calme au coeur du 16ème arrondissement, cet appartement de 50m carrés ouvert sur un jardin arboré est à la fois charmant et fonctionnel. L'appartement comporte un chambre avec lit double(1,80m), un living avec canapé li (double) donnant sur le jardin, une salle de bain et une cuisine ouverte. Les fenêtres donnent toutes sur des jardins intérieurs, et on a du mal à imaginer qu'en sortant de l'immeuble on va rejoindre l'agitation parisienne en quelques minutes. Commerces et restaurants à proximité immédiate.  Métro direct par la ligne 9 (station Ranelagh) pour le Trocadéro (5 minutes) et pour les Champs Elysées, station Franklin Roosevelt (10 minutes). Par la station Boulainvilliers RER direct pour les Invalides, pour les Tuileries Musée d'Orsay, pour le fameux boulevard Saint Michel jouxtant Saint Germain des Près et pour le Chateau de Versailles.  A moins de 10 minutes à pied de la rue de Passy, l'une des rue commerçante les plus prisées de la capitale avec to
23953	Kitchen equiped (fridge, micro-waves... ) Wifi free. Modern screen TV (Phillips) Large bath. Bed linen and towels included. For 2 people only 	Newly renovated and very typical. Fully furnished apartment.  Just few blocks away from the Eiffel Tower !  1 double bedroom with a large view on quiet courtyard (facing south) 35sqm. 6st floor with elevator Kitchen equiped (fridge, micro-waves... ) Wifi free. Modern screen TV (Phillips) Large bath. Bed linen and towels included. For 2 people only  No party. No pets. No smoke The brunch in Trocadéro face to the Eiffel Tower ! Metro line 6 : stop Trocadero exit nr.5 Metro line 9 : stop Trocadero exit nr.5 
23954		Studio merveilleusement placé dans la plus belle avenue de Paris( avenue Foch). immeuble super luxe gardé 24/24 décoré avec goût, dans un environnement hyper clean, qui j'en suis sure vous ravira pour visiter les Champs Elysée sans les contraintes des transports. Des jardins, la rue commerçante se trouvent au pied de l'immeuble, pour les sportifs une salle de sport est a votre disposition dans l'enceinte de la résidence.
23955	Sa situation est idéale pour apprécier la ville lumière. 	Appartement de 42 m2 situé à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, du Trocadero et du bois de Boulogne.  Au rez de chaussée sur cour dans résidense calme et sécurisée.  Proche des transports, commerces, boutiques et restaurants. Fonctionnel et tout équipé.  Réservation une semaine minimum Sa situation est idéale pour apprécier la ville lumière.  Accès au métro, taxi, train, station de vélo. Ses rues commerçantes, son animation et ses espaces verts. Métro, train, taxi et vélo.
23956	"A little studio that we can rent with the apartment "" luxury flat-eiffel tower "" .  The size is 10m2 is ideally located and perfect for a couple or a person alone .The toilet is on the landing. There are all accommodations around.  The nearest metro is La muette (line 9 ) ."	"A little studio that we can rent with the apartment "" luxury flat-eiffel tower "" .  The size is 10m2 is ideally located and perfect for a couple or a person alone .   There are all accommodations around.  The nearest metro is La muette (line 9 ) . A little studio that we can rent with the apartment "" luxury flat-eiffel tower "" .  The size is 10m2 is ideally located and perfect for a couple or a person alone .The toilet is on the landing. There are all accommodations around.  The nearest metro is La muette (line 9 ) . Check in and check out time are flexible until 20h00, after 20h00 there is an additional cost of 20 euros"
23957	A coté de l'OCDE et du musée Marmottant.	Studio 22 M2 avenue Raphael, dans un immeuble de grand standing en face des jardins du Ranelagh à la Muette. Situé au RDC. Très calme et lumineux,Kitchenette et petite SDB.Télévision et WIFI.A proximité des lignes de Bus (63 & PC) et métro (ligne 9). A coté de l'OCDE et du musée Marmottant. Bus ligne PC et 63 à proximité. Métro Muette et RER
23958	"Situated on the second floor on a quiet building, this appartment is a cosy duplex with: - a living room/kitchen area at the ground floor with a sofa bed (actually ""bed"" as a stopgap solution) and a fully equipped kitchen including a washing-machine), a  dining table with two chairs. - a en suite bedroom at the first floor including a 140cm double bed.(sheets and bath towels supplied) 3 nights minimum "	"This cosy duplex with one en suite bedroom, situated on the Avenue Victor-Hugo, is ideal for visiting Paris: 5 minutes by walking from Etoile/Champs Elysées or Trocadéro/Tour Eiffel. Subway line 2 (also close to line 6, 1 and RER A) Close to many shops, supermakets... Situated on the second floor on a quiet building, this appartment is a cosy duplex with: - a living room/kitchen area at the ground floor with a sofa bed (actually ""bed"" as a stopgap solution) and a fully equipped kitchen including a washing-machine), a  dining table with two chairs. - a en suite bedroom at the first floor including a 140cm double bed.(sheets and bath towels supplied) 3 nights minimum I remain at the disposal of my guests for any advises to make they have a perfect stay in Paris. "
23959	nice apartment with an area of 29 m2, located in the 16th arrondissement Paris at Ranelagh metro, close to Jardins du Ranelagh.   The studio is on the ground floor of an former building, it has a kitchen fully equipped, stove, fridge with freezer, oven, coffee maker dishes, pan, and accesories. The main room has a sofa bed a total of 2 sleepings Plenty of storage, TV, Wifi, table, chairs, sheets, blankets, duvets etc ... The bathroom has a bath, basin and WC.   District heating and hot and cold water are collective 	nice apartment with an area of 29 m2, located in the 16th arrondissement Paris at Ranelagh metro, close to Jardins du Ranelagh.   The studio is on the ground floor of an former building, it has a kitchen fully equipped, stove, fridge with freezer, oven, coffee maker dishes, pan, and accesories. The main room has a sofa bed a total of 2 sleepings Plenty of storage, TV, Wifi, table, chairs, sheets, blankets, duvets etc ... The bathroom has a bath, basin and WC.   District heating and hot and cold water are collective 
23960		Calme et lumineux au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, dans bel immeuble avec gardien.  Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. 3 Nuits minimum. Caution 200€ Nous sommes présents à l'arrivée des voyageurs. Nous habitons à 30mn du logement. Commerces et supermarchés à proximité. Metro Argentine et Porte Maillot. Bus avenue Malakoff. Parking payant Porte Maillot. Parking gratuit dans le Bois de Boulogne. Le bus d'Air France venant de Roissy Charles de Gaulle a un arrêt Porte Maillot à 10 mn à pied. Le bus Air France venant d'Orly a son terminus Place de l'Etoile à 15 mn à pied.
23961	Hello everyone, I rent a room in my apartment in the 16th area of Paris. I am 26 years old and I am originally from Australian and I love to travel. I have a very good character. I speak French, English and Spanish fluently and I understand Portuguese. I work in cosmetics. I'm often on the move. My apartment is large (85 sqm) on the 4th floor with elevator and is conveniently located close to all amenities. it is very quiet, comfortable, fully renovated and equipped, in the heart of Paris 16, The Metro and restaurants are within 2 minutes walk. The room is about 10 m² equipped with one single bed, a TV, a stereo, a desk and a large closet. Courtyard view. Bed linen and towels are provided. In the apartment you will find hair dryer, bathrobe, TV, Cable / Satellite TV, DVD player, Wifi, Iron, Ironing board, Stereo, Computer 1 large living room with dining room, library, Kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, Shared Bathroom Welcome to all Norman	Hello everyone, I rent a room in my apartment in the 16th area of Paris. I am 26 years old and I am originally from Australian and I love to travel. I have a very good character. I speak French, English and Spanish fluently and I understand Portuguese. I work in cosmetics. I'm often on the move. My apartment is large (85 sqm) on the 4th floor with elevator and is conveniently located close to all amenities. it is very quiet, comfortable, fully renovated and equipped, in the heart of Paris 16, The Metro and restaurants are within 2 minutes walk. The room is about 10 m² equipped with one single bed, a TV, a stereo, a desk and a large closet. Courtyard view. Bed linen and towels are provided. In the apartment you will find hair dryer, bathrobe, TV, Cable / Satellite TV, DVD player, Wifi, Iron, Ironing board, Stereo, Computer 1 large living room with dining room, library, Kitchen, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer, Shared Bathroom Welcome to all Norman
23962		80 sqm; 3 bedrooms, shower +  bathroom, dining room. Our family Home that we love and happy to share with people that will respect it.  Heart of Paris; 15mm walking to Eiffel Tower, Trocadero place. Very closed (1mm) to stores, transportation ( metro Metro (Ranelagh and Muette, ligne 9) Bus (22, 52) RER C (Boullainvilliers) Possibility to have a housekeeper on request.
23963		法国人常居的公寓楼，环境安全，文明，舒适。室内装修艺术，网络很棒！露天阳台可以品红酒看星空，楼下咖啡店惬意休闲。属于旅游区域地铁10分钟内，方便去任何景点
23964	This gorgeous, 200 square meters, 5 bedroom luxury flat is located in a secure building in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, across from the Hippodrome d'Auteuil and within walking distance from the Parc des Princes and Rolland Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Walk to all the neighborhood favorites (murat, Les 2 stations) or catch the 10 metro line to go to Saint Michel or Gare d'Austerlitz. The flat is within  by metro line 9 of the Champs Elysees, Trocadero or the Eiffel Tower 10minutes. Upon entering the flat through a private lift, you will immediately notice that this quiet flat has marble floor throughout. A spacious living room with two couches, flat screen tv, and a dining room table sitting up to 8 peoples  will welcome you. The master bedroom is fully equipped with a queen size bed, dressers and ample storage space. The second, third and fourth bedroom have one Queen size bed while the last bedroom has a full size bed. The kitchen is spacious with all needed appliances and ut	This gorgeous, 200 square meters, 5 bedroom luxury flat is located in a secure building in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, across from the Hippodrome d'Auteuil and within walking distance from the Parc des Princes and Rolland Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Walk to all the neighborhood favorites (murat, Les 2 stations) or catch the 10 metro line to go to Saint Michel or Gare d'Austerlitz. The flat is within  by metro line 9 of the Champs Elysees, Trocadero or the Eiffel Tower 10minutes. Upon entering the flat through a private lift, you will immediately notice that this quiet flat has marble floor throughout. A spacious living room with two couches, flat screen tv, and a dining room table sitting up to 8 peoples  will welcome you. The master bedroom is fully equipped with a queen size bed, dressers and ample storage space. The second, third and fourth bedroom have one Queen size bed while the last bedroom has a full size bed. The kitchen is spacious with all needed appliances and ut
23965		1 cuisine équipée 1 salle de bain avec WC 1 entrée 1 pièce à vivre : salon - séjour - chambre
23966	Private Room and bathroom and separate entrance in a large flat ideally located in the center of Paris - 50 meters away from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Major historical sites and attractions at a walking distance : Louvre, Eiffel tower, Champs Elysees, Concorde,....	Spacious independant room and bathroom ideally located in the center of Paris, next to Arc de Triomphe, in a secured area and at a few minutes from the main monuments (Louvre, Eiffel Tower,...). All facilities nearby. 
23967	My 2 bedrooms apartment could receive 1 -2-3-4 persons, 3 nights minimum  stay for more than 4-ou 5 persons( with kids) one Bed size 140x200, second 120x190, the sofa in the salon could be use like a bed too 120x200, Bath, Tv in the 2 bedrooms and in the salon, Dish washer, Wash-machin, Dryer, big ware drop, entrée, WIFI, Equipment, Coffee and Tea machine, Fridge, Oven, Micro Waves, Iron, blowdryer  separed toilet , bath , guard , green spaces , digicode etc ...	2bedroom,65m2 with 3,20m ceiling height ground floor,wood of boulogne,shop, business restaurants, subway,bus,.Rolland Garros, Auteuil  and Longchamp's Hippodrome, Passy,nearby most beautiful monuments,Eiffel tower,champs Elysées, etc...very sunny. My 2 bedrooms apartment could receive 1 -2-3-4 persons, 3 nights minimum  stay for more than 4-ou 5 persons( with kids) one Bed size 140x200, second 120x190, the sofa in the salon could be use like a bed too 120x200, Bath, Tv in the 2 bedrooms and in the salon, Dish washer, Wash-machin, Dryer, big ware drop, entrée, WIFI, Equipment, Coffee and Tea machine, Fridge, Oven, Micro Waves, Iron, blowdryer  separed toilet , bath , guard , green spaces , digicode etc ... -You could use everything in the apartment. If you need a cleaning woman between your stay, just ask.   Tout ce qui se trouve dans l'appartement est a vôtre disposition. -Je suis à NY et je peux échanger nos appartement. -I'm in New York and we could swap apartment. -HIPPODROME D’AUTE
23968	104 sqm2, 3 bedrooms flat (2 single, one double) , on the 3rd floor in a high ceiling haussmanian building with a view on a garden. It is totally quiet and when you open the windows you can only hear the birds :-) It is a totally renovated appartment with all amendities, including a piano and a small study with a printer. Children and parents have their own area with their own bathroom and toilets. The building is very secure and extremely well kept. A cleaning man is coming Twice a week for 3 hours on Mondays and Thursdays. 	Beautiful, quiet, perfect flat with a view on a garden for a family of 4 next to the Eiffel Tower and One minute walk to the metro Passy, all groceries shops and fashion stores on the famous rue de Passy.
23969		Idéalement situé entre la maison de la radio et la porte d'Auteuil. Proche de toutes commodités. Calme
23970	A beautiful, spacious and sunny flat in the 16th district with all accomodations, close to shops and subway stations.	20 square meters for one or two people in a « Haussman » type building close to shops area. 10 mns of l'Arc de Triomphe and 15 mns of Tour Eiffel. Share parts are available. Subway stations: Victor Hugo - Trocadéro - La Pompe A beautiful, spacious and sunny flat in the 16th district with all accomodations, close to shops and subway stations. Dishwater Washing machine Owen Microwave oven Tea Coffee Fridge Bathroom and WC I will be there to welcome you and to show you the appartment.  You will be able to reach me by mobile phone at any time for any matters. You will get the opportunity to share with me some lunch/dinner/coffee or drinks. The neighborhood is refined, quiet and very convenient. You have two supermarkets and a lot of different shops around. It will allow you to reach any point of Paris easily. From Charles de Gaulle Etoile, take the line 2 to Dauphine station until Victor Hugo station and just call me. From the line 6, 9 reach Trocadero station and just call me. Smokers are
23971	32 sm (345 sf) apartment located on the last floor of a 6-story building. This very quiet, bright, clean, and cozy 1-bedroom is fully furnished with a king size bed, and many appliances such as a washing machine, a oven, a microwave, and a Nespresso coffee machine. A Wi-Fi connection and cable TV are also available.	Fully furnished apartment located in a quiet street near public transportations, local stores, ATMs, restaurants and bars. The neighborhood is also safe and quiet. The center of Paris can be reached in 20/25 mn by train or bus, and 35/40 mn by bike. 32 sm (345 sf) apartment located on the last floor of a 6-story building. This very quiet, bright, clean, and cozy 1-bedroom is fully furnished with a king size bed, and many appliances such as a washing machine, a oven, a microwave, and a Nespresso coffee machine. A Wi-Fi connection and cable TV are also available. The apartment is conveniently located on a very quiet street in the 16th district, close to train, bus and Vélib stations with an easy access to supermarkets, ATMs, pharmacies, bars and restaurants. It usually takes no more than 20 minutes to reach the center of Paris by train. I will personally give you the keys the day of your arrival. During your stay, I will be available on the phone or in person as well. Very safe, quiet, a
23972	Room with all comfort, semi private bathroom. Access to the kitchen for breakfast as Iprepare it for you ! Magnificent garden. Location near to tourist places. You can go with the bus to all the city, this is the best way to hav e all our citu delights. We can offer french cooking for our guests. We make our guests stay fantastic and really living as parisians do. I will ask you to put out your shoes when in the apartment. Thanks for your consideration. ! The kitchen is only for abreakfast and meals with us. We will arrange one or two meals with you while you are here to have time of speaking and i do cooking well ! Quiet place. Near from all facilities. Subway is 2 minutes walk. Restaurants are a few minutes. I am interested in all artistic activities here so I will be able to give you all places. We care about cost and environment, so please turn off the lights in the room and while you should have a great time you should take water with consideration for shower !  I need you to be v	Room with all comfort, semi private bathroom. Access to the kitchen for breakfast as Iprepare it for you ! Magnificent garden. Location near to tourist places. You can go with the bus to all the city, this is the best way to hav e all our citu delights. We can offer french cooking for our guests. We make our guests stay fantastic and really living as parisians do. I will ask you to put out your shoes when in the apartment. Thanks for your consideration. ! The kitchen is only for abreakfast and meals with us. We will arrange one or two meals with you while you are here to have time of speaking and i do cooking well ! Quiet place. Near from all facilities. Subway is 2 minutes walk. Restaurants are a few minutes. I am interested in all artistic activities here so I will be able to give you all places. We care about cost and environment, so please turn off the lights in the room and while you should have a great time you should take water with consideration for shower !  I need you to be v
23973	Cozy flat situated in a nice and quite area in Paris, populated mostly by french residents. Perfect getaway from a full day city visiting. Close to the Seine, perfect to take a walk by it.  2 minutes walk to the Île aux Cygnes to see the Replica of the Statue of Liberty 15 min walk to the Eiffel tower through rue de Passy (cozy shopping street of the neighborhood) 20 min walk or 5 min by bus to the Museum  of Modern Art and to Palais de Tokyo Bus 72 going straight to the center (Hotel de Ville, Marais...) in 20 minutes Bus 70 going to St Germain Subway Line 9 (Ranelagh or La Muette) Close to the Supermarket, and to a typical french bistrot around the corner where you can enjoy a delicious Magret de Canard! About the flat: Modern building Flat on the 1st floor with elevator There is one living room and one bedroom (50m2) and a huge terrace to enjoy in case of sunny days! Kitchen is fully equipped Bathroom + Toilet Free wifi is available and a phone which you can make international calls	Perfect place if you are looking for a calm and noiseless stay. Large terrace for warm days, and ideal for Roland Garros visitors. Easy access to transportation, market, pharmacy, bank, everything you should need during your stay! Cozy flat situated in a nice and quite area in Paris, populated mostly by french residents. Perfect getaway from a full day city visiting. Close to the Seine, perfect to take a walk by it.  2 minutes walk to the Île aux Cygnes to see the Replica of the Statue of Liberty 15 min walk to the Eiffel tower through rue de Passy (cozy shopping street of the neighborhood) 20 min walk or 5 min by bus to the Museum  of Modern Art and to Palais de Tokyo Bus 72 going straight to the center (Hotel de Ville, Marais...) in 20 minutes Bus 70 going to St Germain Subway Line 9 (Ranelagh or La Muette) Close to the Supermarket, and to a typical french bistrot around the corner where you can enjoy a delicious Magret de Canard! About the flat: Modern building Flat on the 1st floor
23974	Appartement calme idéalement situé entre l'Arc de triomphe et le Trocadéro (Tour Eiffel), à proximité de nombreux moyens de transport et de commerces.  Parfait pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris !  Appartement cosy et calme profitant d'une vue sur cour, tout en étant situé dans une rue commerçante (supermarchés, boulangeries, boucheries, pharmacies, restaurants...). Idéalement situé, à moins 10 minutes à pieds du Trocadéro (tour Eiffel) et à moins de 20 minutes de l'Arc de Triomphe, son emplacement vous permet également d'accéder facilement aux sites incontournables de la capitale grâce à une proximité des moyens de transport (RER, métro, vélib et bus).  Cet appartement de 39m2 est composé de : - une chambre (avec rangement) - un salon-salle à manger avec TV, lecteur de DVD, chaîne hifi (non compatible avec les Iphone 5 et 6, mais possibilité de brancher un jack), grand canapé, table de salon, piano et bureau - une salle de bain avec douche, wc, rangement - une cuisine équipée de p	Appartement calme idéalement situé entre l'Arc de triomphe et le Trocadéro (Tour Eiffel), à proximité de nombreux moyens de transport et de commerces.  Parfait pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris !  Appartement cosy et calme profitant d'une vue sur cour, tout en étant situé dans une rue commerçante (supermarchés, boulangeries, boucheries, pharmacies, restaurants...). Idéalement situé, à moins 10 minutes à pieds du Trocadéro (tour Eiffel) et à moins de 20 minutes de l'Arc de Triomphe, son emplacement vous permet également d'accéder facilement aux sites incontournables de la capitale grâce à une proximité des moyens de transport (RER, métro, vélib et bus).  Cet appartement de 39m2 est composé de : - une chambre (avec rangement) - un salon-salle à manger avec TV, lecteur de DVD, chaîne hifi (non compatible avec les Iphone 5 et 6, mais possibilité de brancher un jack), grand canapé, table de salon, piano et bureau - une salle de bain avec douche, wc, rangement - une cuisine équipée de p
23975		luxurious parisian apartment with sauna, near to Champs-Elysees and Arc de Triomphe, best quarter in Paris, with all the comfort. Proche Champs Elysées, Trocadero et Tour Effeil Metro : Kleber (ligne 6)
23976	This 35m2 flat has been fully refurbished by an architect end of 2013. Fourth floor with elevator. Very lightly. It's in perfect condition, furnished very well, fully equipped. It's suitable for 2 people who came to Paris as tourists, but also for people who came to Paris with working objectives (3 metro stations to La Defense on direct line)	The apartment is located in a beautiful, calm and posh area. It is close to the sightseeings as Champs Élysées, Arc de Triomphe, Bois de Boulogne and 20min walk to Trocadero (Eiffel Tower).
23977	On the 5th floor of a typical Haussmann style building , you can enjoy a nice kitchen with dining area open to the living room. There is also a large room ( with a Queen-size bed) and a bathroom (bath).The charming spiral staircase takes you upstairs where there is a second bedroom (Queen-size bed)and a second bathroom(bath). Metro andBus: Line 9:La Muette Many buses(phone number hidden)) are allcloseto take you to the 4 corners of Paris TheNeighborhood: The apartment is well located for exploring Paris. It is close to several attractions  at walking distance : Trocadero, Museum of Modern Art, the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysees.... Close to rue de Passy, you will find many places for shopping from the well-known designer stores to more Parisian boutiques... Rue de l'Annonciation (pedestrian street), is famous forits gourmet shops. A cover-market, open every day in the morning is a great place to find good produces, buchers and cheeses store. 	"Très bel appartement de deux chambres et 2 salles de bain au cœur du quartier ""La Muette"". Il permet de recevoir 4 personnes. Il est au 5e et 6e étage avec ascenseur. On the 5th floor of a typical Haussmann style building , you can enjoy a nice kitchen with dining area open to the living room. There is also a large room ( with a Queen-size bed) and a bathroom (bath).The charming spiral staircase takes you upstairs where there is a second bedroom (Queen-size bed)and a second bathroom(bath). Metro andBus: Line 9:La Muette Many buses(phone number hidden)) are allcloseto take you to the 4 corners of Paris TheNeighborhood: The apartment is well located for exploring Paris. It is close to several attractions  at walking distance : Trocadero, Museum of Modern Art, the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysees.... Close to rue de Passy, you will find many places for shopping from the well-known designer stores to more Parisian boutiques... Rue de l'Annonciation (pedestrian street),"
23978	The living space is approximately 20 m2. Can host comfortably two people. I usually live in this apartment so it's fully equipped and there is free wi-fi. I provide you everything you need for your staying in Paris to avoid you to buy the essential (shower gel, coffee, towels and sheets...). There is an open kitchen with all the basics and a sofa bed which is new so very confortable and easy to handle.	Private apartment in the hearth of the luxury 16th district of Paris. Ideally located to visit Paris. Situated on the first floor in a modern building with secured lift, this cosy studio can host two people. The living space is approximately 20 m2. Can host comfortably two people. I usually live in this apartment so it's fully equipped and there is free wi-fi. I provide you everything you need for your staying in Paris to avoid you to buy the essential (shower gel, coffee, towels and sheets...). There is an open kitchen with all the basics and a sofa bed which is new so very confortable and easy to handle. You have obviously access to the whole studio. I stay in Paris during the location so I'm fully available to provide you all the help you could need or answer any question about the location you could have. At the check-in I provide you a city map and explain you how to access to all facilities to live in and visit paris (nearest supermarkets and stores, bus and metro stops...) The 1
23979	Dès l’entrée dans l’appartement la loggia donnant sur les arbres et les pelouses de l’avenue Foch procure une impression de jardin suspendu. Elle longe le living et la chambre et, par beau temps, ses 7m2 constituent le lieu idéal pour un petit déjeuner ou une pause au retour d’une balade dans Paris.	This apartment inspires an atmosphere of calm and luxury. Located on the first floor, 42m2 its share a bedroom, a living room, a kitchenette, bathroom and a loggia of 7m2.
23980	60 m² dans la plus chic avenue de Paris ! Très bel immeuble avec service de conciergerie et gardienne.  Juste en face du métro Porte dauphine, de terrains de tennis, et à 2 min d'une piscine. 	Très beau deux-pièces de 60 m², salle de bain avec douche italienne, cuisine américaine très bien équipée.  Au pied du métro Porte Dauphine, à 2 min en métro des Champs Elysées (10 minutes à pied).  Peut accueillir entre 2 et 4 personnes.   60 m² dans la plus chic avenue de Paris ! Très bel immeuble avec service de conciergerie et gardienne.  Juste en face du métro Porte dauphine, de terrains de tennis, et à 2 min d'une piscine.  Les voyageurs auront accès à une cuisine très bien équipée, une machine à lavée, un tapis de course, une télévision avec box SFR et wifi gratuit.  Pour les sportifs: - idéal pour un jogging le matin (bois de boulogne à proximité) - terrains de tennis juste en face - piscine à 2 min à pied - Station de Vélib  Pour les fashionista:  - 5 min à pied de l'avenue Victor Hugo (marques françaises et petites boutiques stylées) - 10 min à pied des champs Elysées ( marques de luxe) Pour les gourmands:  - Liste des meilleurs restaurants à proximité  - Liste des meilleurs 
23981	Luxurious 1600 sq. ft. 3bdrm/2 bath apartment in a lovely 1905 Hausman building on a quiet street next to shopping and restaurant facilities.  Concierge, security doors, Maid.Classical 19th century architecture, elaborate mouldings, 5 marble fireplaces, high ceilings, French windows, wooden parquets, carpet in bedrooms, beautifully decorated, with modern kitchen and all appliances. Living Room, Dining Room,(seats 10-12) 3 Bedrooms,( 1 king size bed, 1 queen size bed, 1 single bed) 2 Bathrooms, Eat in Kitchen and  small laundry room.  Cable TV, Piano. 	 Luxurious , lovely 1905 building on a quiet street next to shopping and restaurant facilities.   Classical 19th century architecture, elaborate mouldings, L.R, D. R.,(seats 10) 3 Bdrms,( 1 king  bed, 1 queen, 1 twin, 2 baths, eat-in kitchen, cable tv Luxurious 1600 sq. ft. 3bdrm/2 bath apartment in a lovely 1905 Hausman building on a quiet street next to shopping and restaurant facilities.  Concierge, security doors, Maid.Classical 19th century architecture, elaborate mouldings, 5 marble fireplaces, high ceilings, French windows, wooden parquets, carpet in bedrooms, beautifully decorated, with modern kitchen and all appliances. Living Room, Dining Room,(seats 10-12) 3 Bedrooms,( 1 king size bed, 1 queen size bed, 1 single bed) 2 Bathrooms, Eat in Kitchen and  small laundry room.  Cable TV, Piano.  The 16th arrondissemtn of Paris is a lovely, tree filled, conveninet area of Paris, nestled between the  shopping , cinema, and restaurant facilities of  the Champs Elysees/Trocadero and the
23982	completely refitted with style and character... located on the fifth and sixth floor of a typical Hausmanian building in a very exclusive avenue leading to the Trocadero square. One floor is dedicated to the common space with a living room and an open kitchen. The second floor has three bedroom including a parental suite, and can host 3 adults and one child. 	Ideal location for this newly refurbished apartment,  in a typical Hausmanian building. Very exclusive and safe neighborhood (16th arrondissement) surrounded by shops and restaurants, and fantastic access to multiple public transport options (metro and 2 bus stops directly in front of apartment in the street). Large spaces, open kitchen, parental suite will make your stay a unique experience. Very close to the large green park Bois de Boulogne, 10mn walk from Champs Elysee and Eiffel Tower.
23983	"This is a beautiful and elegant 140 sqm (approx 1450 sqf) 3 bedrooms apartment, located on rue Raynouard in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, Passy district. It is on the 1st floor with elevator of a typical neighborhood building of Paris. It consists of a dining room, a living room, a separate fully equipped kitchen with a scullery, a first bedroom with a direct access to a second one, 2 bathrooms and a 3rd bedroom. Rooms are accessible by a long corridor. It offers a friendly, modern and luxurious lifestyle, and high quality services. It can welcome up to 6 people. It is served by the metro station ""Passy"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Central heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD Player - Stereo - Telephone - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Oven - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dryer - Washing Machine - Dryer - Ir"	"This is a beautiful and elegant 140 sqm (approx 1450 sqf) 3 bedrooms apartment, located on rue Raynouard in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, Passy district. It is on the 1st floor with elevator of a typical neighborhood building of Paris. It consists of a dining room, a living room, a separate fully equipped kitchen with a scullery, a first bedroom with a direct access to a second one, 2 bathrooms and a 3rd bedroom. Rooms are accessible by a long corridor. It offers a friendly, modern and luxurious lifestyle, and high quality services. It can welcome up to 6 people. It is served by the metro station ""Passy"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Central heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - DVD Player - Stereo - Telephone - towels / linen - U.S. Kitchen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Oven - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dryer - Washing Machine - Dryer - Ir"
23984	Appartement refait à neuf par un architecte	Duplex proche du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. Il peut loger 4 personnes est calme, sécurisé, lumineux et spacieux avec une vue imprenable!  C'est la promesse d'un superbe séjour avec tout le confort et le raffinement de l'Art de vivre parisien. Appartement refait à neuf par un architecte Appartement situé en plein cœur du 16 eme arrondissement, proche du Trocadéro (Tour Eiffel) et des Champs Elysées, il est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de la vie parisienne et de ses beaux quartiers ainsi que de ses lieux culturels, en famille ou entre amis. Parfaitement desservie avec une station d'Autolib' et de Vélib, des commerces se trouvent à proximités avec de nombreuses boutiques sur l’avenue Victor Hugo et la Rue de Pompe.  Cet emplacement stratégique bénéficie aussi d’un parc à proximité avec des terrains de tennis, de course, de foot, et de skate park. Il est à la porte du Périphérique pour un accès plus facile à l’autoroute.
23985		 bedrooms, 1,5 baths, sleeps 6
23986	Typical  charming Parisian apartment in 16th arrondissement very pleasant and prestigiousn  neighborhood,  close to Trocadero,Eiffel tower, Etoile, Passy,Champs- Elysees,George V, alma,le Bois de Boulogne  and many others parisian tourist attraction.close to 2 different metro station , market ,restaurent ,shopping center,massage institut,etc .... you have everything around the flat.  Excellent for shopping , site seeing, relaxing , business trip or a romantic Parisian Trip.  This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of passy. This 60sqm flat offers a living space with a video projector, sitting area with comfy classy sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped  kitchen , a bathroom, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building (no lift). The night corner is well seperated with a large bedroom  for 2-people. The classic Parisian architecture and atypical inte	Typical  charming Parisian apartment in 16th arrondissement very pleasant and prestigiousn  neighborhood,  close to Trocadero,Eiffel tower, Etoile, Passy,Champs- Elysees,George V, alma,le Bois de Boulogne  and many others parisian tourist attraction.close to 2 different metro station , market ,restaurent ,shopping center,massage institut,etc .... you have everything around the flat.  Excellent for shopping , site seeing, relaxing , business trip or a romantic Parisian Trip.  This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of passy. This 60sqm flat offers a living space with a video projector, sitting area with comfy classy sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped  kitchen , a bathroom, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building (no lift). The night corner is well seperated with a large bedroom  for 2-people. The classic Parisian architecture and atypical inte
23987	Logement petit de 11m2 mais confortable et bien équipé. Il est accessible par une rampe de parking et donne sur une petite cour fermée.	Petit studio pour 1 ou 2 personnes avec couchage 2 personnes en mezzanine 140 x 200 cm avec petit salon, coin cuisine toute équipée, douche et WC. Proches des monuments historiques Tour Eiffel, écoles ISG, Université de Dauphine. Proches métros, bus, vélib et taxis. Linges de maison (website hidden) et internet. Canapé avec table basse et tablette avec 2 chaises hautes. Très bien agencé et décoré. Rez de chaussée sur cour. Surface de 11m2 Logement petit de 11m2 mais confortable et bien équipé. Il est accessible par une rampe de parking et donne sur une petite cour fermée. Tout le logement oui.
23988		Cosy flat of 25 m2 (Haussmannian building) is located in the very chic neighborhood of Passy, it is just 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero.
23989	This beautiful and modern1 Bedroom apartment is located on rue de Longchamp in the 16th arrondissement, 1 block from the famous Trocadero square just in front of Eiffel Tower, on the 2 nd French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps from 2 to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD, VCR. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. There are 7 square meters entrance hall (leads to the kitchen and living room) and the corridor which leads to: bathroom, bedroom, toilets. It is equipped with :built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. The  living room has a window facing courtyard, equipped with curtains and blinders . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, double sofa bed (high quality, for daily use, as comfortable as a standard bed), coffee table, cable, TV, phon	This beautiful and modern1 Bedroom apartment is located on rue de Longchamp in the 16th arrondissement, 1 block from the famous Trocadero square just in front of Eiffel Tower, on the 2 nd French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps from 2 to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD, VCR. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. There are 7 square meters entrance hall (leads to the kitchen and living room) and the corridor which leads to: bathroom, bedroom, toilets. It is equipped with :built-in wall closet, hard wood floor. The  living room has a window facing courtyard, equipped with curtains and blinders . It is equipped with : dining table for 4 people, double sofa bed (high quality, for daily use, as comfortable as a standard bed), coffee table, cable, TV, phon
23990	Charming apartment just a step from the place of the Trocadéro in the 16 district of Paris. Situated in the 7th floor (with elevator) of a modern building, this two-room apartment gives onto a very quiet garden. He contains a lounge with sofa of angle giving (email hidden) balcony, with television by cable and WiFi. The room is endowed with a small desk and with a big double bed and which also gives onto the balcony. With television by cable. A small room where you will find one washes line and one toilet separated. A bathroom with bathtub and toilet. An equipped kitchen with patches, refrigerator, freezer, wash dishes and coffee machine. You will find in the district many stores and small restaurants. You can also find market if you wish to have dinner in the apartment.	Deux pièces au 7 eme étage sans vis avis sur les toits parisiens . Très calme en plein cœur du 16eme  Quartier riche en  boutiques chics  et en restaurants et d'un petit marche ravissant typique  ..A deux pas de musées prestigieux . Et de 2 métro Charming apartment just a step from the place of the Trocadéro in the 16 district of Paris. Situated in the 7th floor (with elevator) of a modern building, this two-room apartment gives onto a very quiet garden. He contains a lounge with sofa of angle giving (email hidden) balcony, with television by cable and WiFi. The room is endowed with a small desk and with a big double bed and which also gives onto the balcony. With television by cable. A small room where you will find one washes line and one toilet separated. A bathroom with bathtub and toilet. An equipped kitchen with patches, refrigerator, freezer, wash dishes and coffee machine. You will find in the district many stores and small restaurants. You can also find market if you wish to h
23991	The flat is large and spacious, on the second floor of a traditional hausmannien style building.   It has three bedrooms, one of which has a king bed, the second has bunk beds, and the third has a sofa bed.  In total five people can stay comfortably.  There are three bath or shower rooms and two WCs.  The kitchen is fully equipped.  There is wifi throughout the house This is our residence so you will find personal belongings, although space has been made in the closets for you to hang your clothes.   If you have children, feel free to let them play with the toys in the room!	The apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement, trendy neighborhood with a mix of traditional businesses and trendy shops.  Very close to all public transports, you are in direct line to the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysées, and St Michel.
23992	"Centric location and high standard distric. One of the most safetiest areas of Paris.  It takes almost 45 minuts to arrive from airport ""Charles de Gaulle"" to the studio in case you comes by Air France Bus (available at the airport) which stops at Place de l'Etoile (avenida Carnot / ""Arc de Triomphe""). From there is 10 minutes by walking to the studio. Many metro stations are near Studio such as Metro Kleber, Boissiere or Iena. From ""Gare du Nord"" or ""Est Station"" to the studio is about 4 km: Bus 30 leaves from Garde du Nord every 7 minutes at it will take to Stop ""Kleber"". From ""Gare Saint-Lazare"" is around 2 by bus. You must get off at ""Kleber"" stop. From ""Gare Montparnasse"" líne 6 of Metro direction  'Charles de Gaulle ""to take you to metro Boissiere the nearest"". "	"In a privileged location, studio high standard (32m2), near the Arc of Triumph, Trocadero Square and in a walking distance of Champs Elysees Av., offers you all facilities. Fully equipped (wiffi, phone,cable TV, lift, microwave, frigo, home linen, lovely terrace). Easy access to major subway (Iena orBoissiere)and bus station. Centric location and high standard distric. One of the most safetiest areas of Paris.  It takes almost 45 minuts to arrive from airport ""Charles de Gaulle"" to the studio in case you comes by Air France Bus (available at the airport) which stops at Place de l'Etoile (avenida Carnot / ""Arc de Triomphe""). From there is 10 minutes by walking to the studio. Many metro stations are near Studio such as Metro Kleber, Boissiere or Iena. From ""Gare du Nord"" or ""Est Station"" to the studio is about 4 km: Bus 30 leaves from Garde du Nord every 7 minutes at it will take to Stop ""Kleber"". From ""Gare Saint-Lazare"" is around 2 by bus. You must get off at ""Kleber"" stop. From ""Gare "
23993	Perfect for budget holidays! This is a VERY small but cute studio just along the Seine River. From the door, you can see Eiffel Tower, and you can get it by walk for 3 min walk only! You will have a big sofa bed for 2 people, shower, kitchen, free Wifi, and 2 min walk to the subway (Passy). This is a very little studio, but it's enough to have a comfortable stay. At day time you have sofa, and enough space to cook and eat. At night, you can make the sofa to a comfortable bed for 2. The studio was renewed last year! It's very small, but you have a shower, kitchen with all the tools to cook, micro wave and fridge. Towels and bed linens are included. The toilets are just outside on the same floor (studio is 4th floor). It's a really parisian chic area of Paris with all the haussmanian style buildings, just along the Seine river. There are restaurants, supermarkets and clothes washing shops nearby. 	This is a very small but cute studio just along the Seine River. From the door, you can see Eiffel Tower, and you can get it by walk for 3 min walk only! Perfect for budget holidays! This is a VERY small but cute studio just along the Seine River. From the door, you can see Eiffel Tower, and you can get it by walk for 3 min walk only! You will have a big sofa bed for 2 people, shower, kitchen, free Wifi, and 2 min walk to the subway (Passy). This is a very little studio, but it's enough to have a comfortable stay. At day time you have sofa, and enough space to cook and eat. At night, you can make the sofa to a comfortable bed for 2. The studio was renewed last year! It's very small, but you have a shower, kitchen with all the tools to cook, micro wave and fridge. Towels and bed linens are included. The toilets are just outside on the same floor (studio is 4th floor). It's a really parisian chic area of Paris with all the haussmanian style buildings, just along the Seine river. There ar
23994	Private apartment with one bedroom and living space, fully equipped bathroom (hair dryer) and kitchen	Charming & romantic apartment 50m² (538 sq ft) in the Trocadéro - 16th district. Fully renovated and well equipped. Cosy, convenient, and ideally for a romantic stay in Paris. Subway : Trocadéro (metro line 6 & 9) 3 minutes away from the tube. Private apartment with one bedroom and living space, fully equipped bathroom (hair dryer) and kitchen Quick access to convenient shops located nearby (supermarket, groceries, bakery, wine shop, hairdresser, banks for ATM, pharmacy, restaurants, pizzeria, cheese maker, butcher …) TROCADERO (3 minutes) :   - Metro line 6 & 9  - Bus number : 22 xx 30 xx 32 xx 63
23995	"You will love this very cosy and quite place, in a little road, very calm. At 150 m, you can find several adorable stores : daily fresh market, supermarkets, delicious french bakeries. Our flat is just near the Eiffel Tour and Trocadero (2 subways stations, La Muette & Passy). You will find also a so typic pedestrian road at 150 m from the flat, where you can find typical French Coffee and ""Brasseries"". "	"    A very cosy, quiet and luminous apartment, in an Hausmanien Flat, perfect for a family stay in Paris. 5min from the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero, near 2 subway stations (Passy-La Muette) and close to grocery stores, market and a park.           You will love this very cosy and quite place, in a little road, very calm. At 150 m, you can find several adorable stores : daily fresh market, supermarkets, delicious french bakeries. Our flat is just near the Eiffel Tour and Trocadero (2 subways stations, La Muette & Passy). You will find also a so typic pedestrian road at 150 m from the flat, where you can find typical French Coffee and ""Brasseries"".  You can use every thing, as long as you take care about it. We will be able to help you, as much as you need ! We will live you a list of all the ""spots"" you can find close from the aera : cinema, fashion malls, and all the adresses we love. By car (there is a Car Park 200 m from the home). But you can also park in the road. You have several t"
23996	Located in the 16th arrondissement, in a busy shopping street , pretty 28m2 studio, fully renovated , large terrace of 17m2 . Easy going and comfortable , bright and quiet , kitchen equipped. Bathroom with a large shower. The living room has a sofa bed brand new, it sleeps 2 people , very comfortable and it opens easily in just 10 seconds , television by cable and wifi. Dining table for 4 people . The studio is located on the 1st floor with elevator in a clean building. with concierge and secure.	Prety studio of 28 m2 , quiet and bright , fully renovated in 2014, a large terrace with a garden view , well arranged and easy going . Ideal for your stay in Paris ! Located in the 16th arrondissement, in a busy shopping street , pretty 28m2 studio, fully renovated , large terrace of 17m2 . Easy going and comfortable , bright and quiet , kitchen equipped. Bathroom with a large shower. The living room has a sofa bed brand new, it sleeps 2 people , very comfortable and it opens easily in just 10 seconds , television by cable and wifi. Dining table for 4 people . The studio is located on the 1st floor with elevator in a clean building. with concierge and secure. You have access to the entire studio . Linen and towels are provided. I can be reached on my cell phone when you want and would be happy to advise you to stay in Paris ! It is a very pleasant neighborhood , it walks there safely , the Bois de Boulogne and right side , everything is available by foot , cinema, shops, restaurant, i
23997	The central position!!! you have buses and 3 metro lines very close to my apartment. It s located very near to  Trocadéro, Arch de Triomphe, Champs Elysée and Museums as Guimet, the Modern art Museum, Palais de Tokyo	It s the appartement where I live:15 meters squared,with  a very confortable sofa,small bathroom and small kitchen.  Very near to Trocadero(10 minutes walking )and Arch de Trionph as well. There are 3 metro lines very close (lines n:6/9/2). The central position!!! you have buses and 3 metro lines very close to my apartment. It s located very near to  Trocadéro, Arch de Triomphe, Champs Elysée and Museums as Guimet, the Modern art Museum, Palais de Tokyo Their are very quiet..so it s important to respect them There are 3 metro lines line 6, the stop is Boissiere Line n 2, stop is Victor Hugo Linen 9, stop can be Trocadéro or Iéna The  wardrobe is full of my stuff, so is no available. You can use the table to put your things on.
23998	Amazing terrace and sky view One bedroom for 2 adults - queen size bed 180x200cm + tv flat screen	The flat is very bright (last floor) and cosy with a huge terrace - 32m² You'll enjoy the modern design and fully equiped appartment Big kitchen. Queen size bed + flat tv in the bedroom Nice bathroom design Car park possible in the building Amazing terrace and sky view One bedroom for 2 adults - queen size bed 180x200cm + tv flat screen Many shops for food and shopping.  Near metros and buses to visit Paris.  Nice french bistros around ! métro ligne 9 : station rue de la pompe  or ligne 2 ; porte Dauphine bus 63 : stop mairie du 16ème - rue de la pompe  Or bus PC RER C : stop Henri Martin Car park available in the building Fits for big car 25€/day
23999	FLAT/ APARTMENT:  6, rue Raffet  75016 - PARIS Building with private garden/yard, garage (basement). Door code. Resident caretaker. Orientation: S / W 2 main rooms, (m² 47), balcony, 2d/3d floor, lift/elevator, -   -  Lobby: wardrobe, coffe table -  Living room with balcony.  Desk, sofa, telephone, internet fibre and Wifi, table, 5 chairs, armchair, nest of tables, 3 table lamps, 3 paintings. -  Bedroom:  double bed, 2 bedside tables, 3 table lamps, bookcase, TV set; sheets, blankets, duvet, pillows, mirror, 2 paintings. - Kitchen:  fridge/refrigerator, double sink, electric cooker and oven, washing machine, coffee maker, food processor, table, 2 stools, cupboard / closet for full crockery/ flatware and cooking ustensils, vacuum cleaner, iron , ironing table. - Bathroom: bath/bathtube, shower, miror, bathroom linen, mobile dryer for linen. - Toilet   Extra matress  for child on request.	FLAT/ APARTMENT:  6, rue Raffet  75016 - PARIS Building with private garden/yard, garage (basement). Door code. Resident caretaker. Orientation: S / W 2 main rooms, (m² 47), balcony, 2d/3d floor, lift/elevator, -   -  Lobby: wardrobe, coffe table -  Living room with balcony.  Desk, sofa, telephone, internet fibre and Wifi, table, 5 chairs, armchair, nest of tables, 3 table lamps, 3 paintings. -  Bedroom:  double bed, 2 bedside tables, 3 table lamps, bookcase, TV set; sheets, blankets, duvet, pillows, mirror, 2 paintings. - Kitchen:  fridge/refrigerator, double sink, electric cooker and oven, washing machine, coffee maker, food processor, table, 2 stools, cupboard / closet for full crockery/ flatware and cooking ustensils, vacuum cleaner, iron , ironing table. - Bathroom: bath/bathtube, shower, miror, bathroom linen, mobile dryer for linen. - Toilet   Extra matress  for child on request. Full access (except lobby wardrobe). Garage available on request. (10 euros/ day) We live nearby. We
