10200	Ideal apartment for a family or between friends, in a district tourist and livened up in the evening!  Very clean and comfortable apartment	Ideal apartment for a family or between friends, in a district tourist and livened up in the evening!  Very clean and comfortable  Ideal apartment for a family or between friends, in a district tourist and livened up in the evening!  Very clean and comfortable apartment All the apartment is available and you can use all the material you will need By email and phone Ideal district for people wishing to visit Paris.  The apartment is located next to jardin des plantes,  grande mosquée, Mouffetard Street, Panthéon, du jardin du Luxembourg, and arènes de Lutèce Underground: ligne 7 at 50m  Bus: ligne 47 et 67 at 50m  Bus: ligne 91, 83 et 27 at 200m  4 persons means 2 persons by bed
10201	 Voyageur supplémentaire 30 euros   	Cuisine, salle de bain, WC. Linge de maison : couette, oreiller, draps et serviette Quartier Bibliothèque François Mitterrand,  proche à la BNF, au Cinéma MK2 et le Quai et Parc de Bercy ( Cinémathèque, Cours Saint Emillion). Métro ligne 14 et  RER C, station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Tramway T3, station Maryse Bastié   Bus (phone number hidden) 
10202	Renovated flat is very bright,  full equipped and close to all Asian and French trade.	"Welcome to my apartment of 70 meters located at the twelfth level with a superb sight on the 13th district.Convivial. Comfortable, securised and bright. Renovated flat is very bright,  full equipped and close to all Asian and French trade. The kitchen is equiped. The bathroom has a bathtub. i will clean the dishes. Private room with keys, for your comfort. Place in fridge only for you. Email, sms, phone, i will answer fast. I know cheapest transports, according your needs. You will be able to be restored in Lao Lanxang Mondol Kiri, Tricotin and La Chine Masséna, and if you go there the evening, they often organize evenings karaokés. The famous pastry making of Yv Nghy.  Tea's lovers, nems, even, object in horn of buffalo or eager to perfect you with karaoké, you will find in this district your ideal market. The shop ""Tang Freres"" offer essentials ingredients to transform you into master chinese cooker. The  Asian decorative's shop will be a museum and cave of  Alibaba. Subway line 7 (P"
10203		Situé dans le 13e arrondissement a 1min du metro et de tous commerces et restaurants. Situé au carrefour de chinatown du quartier latin et du nouveau quartier de la bnf. Beneficiant d une vue imprenable sur tout Paris.
10204	A deux pas du métro et très calme !	Chambre au calme et très claire dans appartement 5 pièces. Au pied du métro Glacière ligne 6. Quartier très commerçant. Contacter l'hôte  Dans A deux pas du métro et très calme ! Accès à la salle de bains, aux WC ! Mais aussi à la cuisine si besoin ! Je parle anglais et espagnol couramment ! J'ai beaucoup voyagé et suis ouverte d'esprit !! Très pratique et central Ligne 6 au pied de la station Glacière Depuis Orly Orlybus : 30 mn Depuis Roissy RER B : 1 h J'ai deux enfants (16 et 5 ans) chez moi... mais ils sont très calmes !
10205	10 minutes away from the Latin Quarter, spacious apartment with  stunning 180 degree views, from your chair,  over Paris and its historical landmarks. You can enjoy the sunset on the iconic Eiffel Tower with west-oriented windows, as well as all the nighttime lighting the city has to offer ! In a historical building away from the hustle and bustle, this apartment located in the safe peaceful greenery of a beautiful backyard and an umissable view on the Paris skyline. The place is very comfortable with a vast hall, large kitchen, living room with a sofa bed, two spacious bedrooms with much storage, 2 bathrooms including one with bath, separate toilets.	Large apartment in historical quite and safe district with 180 degree views over Paris, 10 minutes away from the Latin Quarter. Fully furnished with laundry, dishwasher, stove, wifi, television, etc.  3 to 5 people (2 double bed and a sofa bed) 10 minutes away from the Latin Quarter, spacious apartment with  stunning 180 degree views, from your chair,  over Paris and its historical landmarks. You can enjoy the sunset on the iconic Eiffel Tower with west-oriented windows, as well as all the nighttime lighting the city has to offer ! In a historical building away from the hustle and bustle, this apartment located in the safe peaceful greenery of a beautiful backyard and an umissable view on the Paris skyline. The place is very comfortable with a vast hall, large kitchen, living room with a sofa bed, two spacious bedrooms with much storage, 2 bathrooms including one with bath, separate toilets. 10 minutes away from Châtelet, the Marais, the Louvre, and the center of Paris, located in an o
10206	It has a separate bedroom.  All rooms (kitchen, living room, entrance, bedroom) have reasonable size. It is steps from rue des 5 diamands and rue de la butte aux cailles. It is also not far from chinatown.	I am happy to offer you my 1 bedroom apartment for two weeks for the christmas holidays. It is located close to the metro Corvisart and Place d'Italie and also at steps from the charming street rue de la butte aux cailles. It can accomodate 4 ppl It has a separate bedroom.  All rooms (kitchen, living room, entrance, bedroom) have reasonable size. It is steps from rue des 5 diamands and rue de la butte aux cailles. It is also not far from chinatown. As much as needed It looks like a village. 
10207	Living room overlooking a park. Flat for up to 3 people. Peaceful area. Proximity and access to the various sights of Paris easily via 2 metro lines, 3 lines of buses and Velib stations. An itinerary advised by bus number 21 (to be taken down from the apartment) which passes through Luxembourg, St-Michel, Pont Neuf, Louvre / Rivoli, Opéra.	48 m2 (517 sq. feet) flat with living room, bedroom, bathroom, dining room / kitchen. 5 mins walk from the Vth arrondissement. Close to Mouffetard area  (10 min walk) and the Luxembourg Garden / St-Michel (15 min walk). Living room overlooking a park. Flat for up to 3 people. Peaceful area. Proximity and access to the various sights of Paris easily via 2 metro lines, 3 lines of buses and Velib stations. An itinerary advised by bus number 21 (to be taken down from the apartment) which passes through Luxembourg, St-Michel, Pont Neuf, Louvre / Rivoli, Opéra. From Charles de Gaulle airport: RER B to Port Royal (10 minutes walk). From Orly airport: Orly Bus to Denfert Rochereau (15 min walk). Available to discuss. A 5 minutes walk from St-Médard square and Mouffetard area with its many restaurants and cafes. 10 mins walk from the Luxembourg Garden and 15 minutes walk to St-Michel area. Access to metro line 7 (to go to Châtelet), line 6 (to go to Champ-Elysées), the bus number 91 (to go to M
10208	We can add an extra little mattress for a child if you need it. Fully equipped kitchen with 	Charming and lightful studio of 36 m2, in Paris 13. Large living room We can add an extra little mattress for a child if you need it. Fully equipped kitchen with  Restaurants and bars. 5 minutes from Jardin des Plantes (park) 5 minutes from les Gobelins quarter. 10 minutes from Seine  Metro Saint Marcel (line 5). Velib station (Paris famous bicycles location). Autolib station (Paris famous cars location). Many buses. Austerlitz station and Gare de Lyon station within 5 or 10 minutes. Montparnasse station within 20 minutes. Orly Airport within 15 minutes by taxi.
10209	Ce petit studio au cœur du quartier étudiant de Paris vous permettra de visiter à pied de nombreux sites touristiques : Panthéon, Notre-Dame, la Sorbonne, le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg... Il est situé dans près de la rue Mouffetard et de nombreux bars et restaurants sont à proximité. Nous serons ravis de vous donner nos bonnes adresses sur Paris. 	Charmant petit studio sous les toits de Paris avec poutres apparentes, cuisine et salle de bain séparée. Proche de la rue Mouffetard et du Panthéon, au cœur du quartier latin, nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité. Ce petit studio au cœur du quartier étudiant de Paris vous permettra de visiter à pied de nombreux sites touristiques : Panthéon, Notre-Dame, la Sorbonne, le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg... Il est situé dans près de la rue Mouffetard et de nombreux bars et restaurants sont à proximité. Nous serons ravis de vous donner nos bonnes adresses sur Paris. Logement entier Au cœur du quartier Latin, proche du Panthéon, de la rue Mouffetard et du jardin des Plantes. Métro ligne 7 à 5 minutes
10210	"Lovely 20m2 studio in the heart of the ""village"" La Butte aux Cailles (13th ardt). Living room, bathroom, separate kitchen in the entrance. Plants will bring you a little serenity. Smoking not allowed. A window facing courtyard , calm, clear view of the northern Paris skyline with the Pantheon, the newspaper Le Monde , in the distance the Sacré Coeur."	"Lovely 20m2 studio in the heart of the ""village"" La Butte aux Cailles (13th ardt). Living room, bathroom, separate kitchen in the entrance. Plants will bring you a little serenity. Smoking not allowed. A window facing courtyard , calm, clear view of the northern Paris skyline with the Pantheon, the newspaper Le Monde , in the distance the Sacré Coeur. The studio is at your disposal throughout the duration of the stay. I am available by phone for any information during the stay. Festive and vibrant with bars, restaurants, cinemas .. - Shopping Centre  7 min walking - Montsouris Park 10 minutes walking. - Mouffetard street 15 minutes walking. Subway stations nearby : - 3 min Corvisart (line 6), closed in August - 7 min Place d'Italie (lines 5, 6, 7) - 11 min Denfert-Rochereau (lines 4 , 6, RER B ), 3 min with 6 stations Many Vélib' (bicycles to rent) spots. Taxis My washing machine is out of service , but there is a very clean laundry and dry cleaner close to the housing."
10211	"One bedroom flat (with a living room of course), 42m2, on the second floor of a early XXth century building. There is a wooden floor and moldings on the ceiling. A ""kitchenette"" (so Parisian) with a washing machine and a dish-washer. A small and convenient bathroom (very Parisian...) with a shower and WC (very very Parisian, so...). The bedroom overlook the courtyard so it is quite calm. The living room overlook the Tolbiac street that is know to be one of the longest street of Paris but not the quietest, but there is a double-glazed window.  Also, you will find the complete ""rainy days' pack"" : Wifi, optical fiber, Canal+ (a French Channel), a computer too and a TV in front of the bed : the rainy day's pack is complete. If you feel adventurous, there is a nice bakery in the same building, a very big cinema nearby, a sunday market, busses and subways to go further. And if you want to invite friends, there is a couch in the living room."	"Hi everybody, I live in a lovely Parisian one-bedroom apartment of 42m2, on the second floor of an old Parisian building, with wooden floor et moldings on the ceiling. One bedroom flat (with a living room of course), 42m2, on the second floor of a early XXth century building. There is a wooden floor and moldings on the ceiling. A ""kitchenette"" (so Parisian) with a washing machine and a dish-washer. A small and convenient bathroom (very Parisian...) with a shower and WC (very very Parisian, so...). The bedroom overlook the courtyard so it is quite calm. The living room overlook the Tolbiac street that is know to be one of the longest street of Paris but not the quietest, but there is a double-glazed window.  Also, you will find the complete ""rainy days' pack"" : Wifi, optical fiber, Canal+ (a French Channel), a computer too and a TV in front of the bed : the rainy day's pack is complete. If you feel adventurous, there is a nice bakery in the same building, a very big cinema nearby, a sun"
10212		"Small room with king-size bed, 27"" screen, desk, chair & armchair, in a typical parisien appartment located in an haussmannian building in the 5th district. Calm and bright, on step away from the Mouffetard street and the Luxemburg/Parliament gardens"
10213	This bedroom is located in the 13th, close to the shopping mall Place d'Italie, restaurants, and at 3min to the subway (line 6). With a direct access to the park, it is really easy to move around and to get to the main touristic attractions of the city (Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées).  The room is equipped with a 2-place bed, a television and there is a small privative balcony, with view to the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. Internet is also available in the room. There are an independent shower and WC attached to the room. Towels are provided. The appartment is at the 8th floor of a modern building, with guardian. There is a baker's shop at the bottom of the building. When coming to this address, you can expect to have a great stay, with everything you need close by.	This bedroom is located in the 13th, close to the shopping mall Place d'Italie, restaurants, and at 3min to the subway (line 6). With a direct access to the park, it is really easy to move around and to get to the main touristic attractions of the city (Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées).  The room is equipped with a 2-place bed, a television and there is a small privative balcony, with view to the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. Internet is also available in the room. There are an independent shower and WC attached to the room. Towels are provided. The appartment is at the 8th floor of a modern building, with guardian. There is a baker's shop at the bottom of the building. When coming to this address, you can expect to have a great stay, with everything you need close by.
10214	Appartement lumineux qui est un vrai lieu de vie pour ses occupants. Idéal pour couple avec jeune enfant (lit enfant à barreaux, jeux, baignoire, pot+adaptateur w.c) Internet en Wifi ou par câble TV: pour les DVD seulement (pas de réception)	"Appartement décoré esprit brocante;  bibliothèque très fournie en littérature + bandes-dessinées, et balcon ensoleillé idéal pour apéros et petits déjeuners. Quartier commerçant très vivant pour profiter des bons produits. Enfants bienvenus. Appartement lumineux qui est un vrai lieu de vie pour ses occupants. Idéal pour couple avec jeune enfant (lit enfant à barreaux, jeux, baignoire, pot+adaptateur w.c) Internet en Wifi ou par câble TV: pour les DVD seulement (pas de réception) Tout l'appartement (Séjour,2 chambres, cuisine, salle de bain et w.c séparés) est accessible Le quartier Patay-Tolbiac est proche des quais de Seine et de ses péniches-bar emblématiques (Batofar, Dame de Canton etc...), à deux pas d'un quartier en pleine  mutation autour de la BNF (ciné MK2, bars, restos, boutiques). Ce quartier est surtout réputé pour sa vie commerçante très riche (boulangeries,fromager, poissonnerie,boucheries, fruits et légume,épicerie orientale...) Appartement situé entre les stations ""Bibl"
10215		In the 13th arrondissement of Paris, in a nice secure building on 3rd floor, nice quiet room for 2, next to Avenue  Italy and Avenue Choisi, near metro, bus and tram, three minutes to metro white House (line 7) 5 min from the Buttes Quails a
10216		Résidence privée, 13e, idéalement situé, proche des transports (porte d'Italie - tramway, métro, bus). Parfait pour deux couples (2 chambres dont une séparée du salon par un rideau), il possède toutes les commodités (voir photos)
10217	Parfait pour 2 personne, mais le canapé dans le salon est convertible si vous souhaitez venir à plus	Nice and cosy apartment of 25 m2, located in the 13th arrondissement. Near the metro (line 14) and the National Library, perfect to enjoy your trip in Paris!
10218		A louer, charmant studio (15m²) meublé tout confort,situé au 3è étage , rue très calme , proche transports et commerces.1 lit 2 personnes, coin cuisine équipée, salle bains , Wifi, linge&draps fournis..Idéal pour découvrir ou redécouvrir Paris!
10219	appartement haussmanien idéalement situé à Paris Gobelins pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Entièrement équipé y compris lave linge, lave vaisselle, TV, internet téléphone etc Quartier tres anime nombreux commerces centre commerciel italie 2 a proximite, cinemas, proche de la rue Mouffetard... 2 lignes de metro et 6 lignes de bus 	appartement haussmanien idéalement situé à Paris Gobelins pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Entièrement équipé y compris lave linge, lave vaisselle, TV, internet téléphone etc Quartier tres anime nombreux commerces centre commerciel italie 2 a proximite, cinemas, proche de la rue Mouffetard... 2 lignes de metro et 6 lignes de bus 2 stations de M ligne 7 ou 5 à 5 min. 5 lignes de bus : (phone number hidden)
10220		Charmant deux pièces, lumineux et très calme, en étage élevé avec vue imprenable sur Paris. Au cœur du quartier chinois, à proximité des transports (métro, tramway, bus) et des (website hidden) et wifi à disposition.   A vous PARIS !! Métro lignes 14 et 7 à 7 min Tramway T3 à 7 min Bus 83, 62, 64 à 5 min 1 lit  mezzanine 1 place dans une chambre d'enfant. 4 couchages possible dans le salon: - 1 lit double à l'abri d'un paravent qui délimite le coin nuit, - 1 couchage  deux places dans le canapé-lit ( avec matelas récent et de qualité).
10221	Timonerie et logement original du marinier sur une péniche à Paris.	A deux pas de Notre Dame, sur une péniche, le logement original du marinier réaménagé en duplex. Gîte totalement équipé (draps, nappe, serviettes de toilettes, ustensiles de cuisine) avec TV, Wifi et parking gratuit. Idéal pour un couple. Timonerie et logement original du marinier sur une péniche à Paris. La Cabine, à l'arrière du bateau, est la cabine originale, un duplex de 28m2 qui a été réaménagé pour recevoir un couple et un petit enfant. Un bureau et un cabinet de toilette avec douche sont accessibles de la chambre.  La cuisine/salon (ancienne timonerie) au niveau du pont du bateau, équipé d’une plaque électrique, d’un frigo et d’un micro-ondes grill, vous permettra de préparer les repas avec vue sur la Seine. La propriétaire habite sur le bateau. Elle est toujours prête à vous aider : itinéraires, restaurants lieux insolites et sortant des sentiers battus.  Amarré Rive Gauche, quai d'Austerlitz, Nénuphar est à deux pas du Jardin des Plantes, du Musée d'Histoire Naturelle et de l
10222	***NEW**** Door lock and microwave changed on july 27th 2013. ***** Location and surroundings: ========================== Located in the south of Paris (13th district), in a quiet blind alley, you will be staying in Paris in a quiet place. The building is close to the ChinaTown, the french national Library (Bibliothèque François Miterrand) and several markets. You are only 10 minutes away from the city center. The appartment: =============== On the second floor of a small building (3 floors and 15 inhabitants), this flat is as new.(Entirely rebuilt in 2006) You will find a big central room with kitchen, one bedroom, and a bathroom with a separate WC. In the lounge, the couch is convertible in a large bed and could accomodate 2 persons. Amenities: =========== - A Safety is available in the bedroom - Free High speed internet access (+ Wifi) - Laundry machine in the Bathroom - Towel and sheets are suppplied Transportation : ================ - Subway: 7th line at the buildings feet, 14th l	***NEW**** Door lock and microwave changed on july 27th 2013. ***** Location and surroundings: ========================== Located in the south of Paris (13th district), in a quiet blind alley, you will be staying in Paris in a quiet place. The building is close to the ChinaTown, the french national Library (Bibliothèque François Miterrand) and several markets. You are only 10 minutes away from the city center. The appartment: =============== On the second floor of a small building (3 floors and 15 inhabitants), this flat is as new.(Entirely rebuilt in 2006) You will find a big central room with kitchen, one bedroom, and a bathroom with a separate WC. In the lounge, the couch is convertible in a large bed and could accomodate 2 persons. Amenities: =========== - A Safety is available in the bedroom - Free High speed internet access (+ Wifi) - Laundry machine in the Bathroom - Towel and sheets are suppplied Transportation : ================ - Subway: 7th line at the buildings feet, 14th l
10223	Hello ! I am wishing to rent my apartment for short stays. My 23sqm comprises: entrance, shower room, separate toilet, living room with open kitchen/bar,  archway leading to the bedroom (with double bed) with a big window overlooking the Parisian courtyard.  The apartment is located 2 mins walk from chinatown, 15 mins walk from Rue Mouffetard, 20 mins walk to river Seine.  Equipped with wifi, washing machine, oven and electric hob, and other kitchen amenities.  Clean towels and bed linen are provided.  Wonderful bakery next door, Shopping centre 2 mins away (with big supermarket Carrefour, Fnac, Printemps, Zara etc) 3 metro lines within 5 mins walk from the flat. 15mins by direct metro to Chatelet/Le Marais/Louvre/Montparnasse/Bastille, 20mins by direct metro to the Eiffel Tower. 25 mins by direct metro to Champs Elysees. Within 5 minutes walk from the flat is the lovely quaint area Buttes aux Cailles with some great local bars and restaurants. I have lived in Paris for several years a	Hello ! I am wishing to rent my apartment for short stays. My 23sqm comprises: entrance, shower room, separate toilet, living room with open kitchen/bar,  archway leading to the bedroom (with double bed) with a big window overlooking the Parisian courtyard.  The apartment is located 2 mins walk from chinatown, 15 mins walk from Rue Mouffetard, 20 mins walk to river Seine.  Equipped with wifi, washing machine, oven and electric hob, and other kitchen amenities.  Clean towels and bed linen are provided.  Wonderful bakery next door, Shopping centre 2 mins away (with big supermarket Carrefour, Fnac, Printemps, Zara etc) 3 metro lines within 5 mins walk from the flat. 15mins by direct metro to Chatelet/Le Marais/Louvre/Montparnasse/Bastille, 20mins by direct metro to the Eiffel Tower. 25 mins by direct metro to Champs Elysees. Within 5 minutes walk from the flat is the lovely quaint area Buttes aux Cailles with some great local bars and restaurants. I have lived in Paris for several years a
10224	Newly renovated. Added a mezzanine in order to increase living room space.	Our apartment offers every comfort needed for a short or long-term stay. The nearest metro station is only 50 meters away. The flat has  been recently renovated and  the new mezzanine offers you much more space in the living room. Newly renovated. Added a mezzanine in order to increase living room space. Entire flat Do not hesitate to contact me by email if you have any questions. - Jardin des Plantes : 5 minutes walk - Latin Quarter : 10 minutes walk - Notre-Dame / Hotel de Ville : 25 minutes walk or 20 minute by public transport. - Shopping Mall : Place d'Italie : 5 minutes walk The nearest metro station is Campo-Formio (M5) which is only 50 meters away from the building.
10225	NOTE: PLEASE CHECK YOUR DATES WITH ME BEFORE REQUESTING A BOOKING Attractive modern apartment in the 13th. arrondissement. Strategically served by metro and bus to major museums, the Quatier Latin, the Opera and chic stores around Saint Germain des Près. In a residential friendly neighborhood with food shops and supermarkets close by. Walking distance of the pituresque rue Mouffetard, traditional parisian market street. Large living-room, breakfast bar, 2 bedrooms with double beds. Perfect for 1 to 4 guests, children welcome. All modern kitchen appliances, TV/DVD, washer/dryer, wifi acces. Parking optional, 15 euros per day. For transport, you have:  - Station Glaciere (line 6 -  5min walk)  - Bus n°21 (in front of the building)  - Bus n°91 and n°83 (5 min. walk) I recommend you good addresses:   - L'Aimant du Sud, restaurant with traditional cooking situated Arago Boulevard, 2 blocks away  - The Ourcine, restaurant, situated street Brocca, 5 min walk  - The Nouva, restaurant, situated	NOTE: PLEASE CHECK YOUR DATES WITH ME BEFORE REQUESTING A BOOKING Attractive modern apartment in the 13th. arrondissement. Strategically served by metro and bus to major museums, the Quatier Latin, the Opera and chic stores around Saint Germain des Près. In a residential friendly neighborhood with food shops and supermarkets close by. Walking distance of the pituresque rue Mouffetard, traditional parisian market street. Large living-room, breakfast bar, 2 bedrooms with double beds. Perfect for 1 to 4 guests, children welcome. All modern kitchen appliances, TV/DVD, washer/dryer, wifi acces. Parking optional, 15 euros per day. For transport, you have:  - Station Glaciere (line 6 -  5min walk)  - Bus n°21 (in front of the building)  - Bus n°91 and n°83 (5 min. walk) I recommend you good addresses:   - L'Aimant du Sud, restaurant with traditional cooking situated Arago Boulevard, 2 blocks away  - The Ourcine, restaurant, situated street Brocca, 5 min walk  - The Nouva, restaurant, situated
10226	Located in the new district of the Bibliotheque National de France (National Library), the 13th arrondissement is not (yet) known for tourism and is a popular area where actual parisians live!  This 53 sqm flat is the perfect home base to visit Paris. It is at the first floor of a 3 level building (from 1900).  The flat has been renovated in 2011, is clean, beautiful, warm and spacious (for Paris).  You will enjoy a modern appartment with a spacious living room with an open plan and fully equipped modern kitchen and a comfortable lounge area (there is a convertible couch which can accomodate 2 extra people). No TV, but a projector is available if you are in a mood for a movie! There is a bar from where your friends can admire you cooking while enjoying a drink. The dining table can seat up to eight persons. The bedroom is the rather romantic with a queen size double bed, a chimney, an antic mirror and ceiling moldings ! The bathroom is modern with a big italian shower.  Location: It is	Located in the new district of the Bibliotheque National de France (National Library), the 13th arrondissement is not (yet) known for tourism and is a popular area where actual parisians live!  This 53 sqm flat is the perfect home base to visit Paris. It is at the first floor of a 3 level building (from 1900).  The flat has been renovated in 2011, is clean, beautiful, warm and spacious (for Paris).  You will enjoy a modern appartment with a spacious living room with an open plan and fully equipped modern kitchen and a comfortable lounge area (there is a convertible couch which can accomodate 2 extra people). No TV, but a projector is available if you are in a mood for a movie! There is a bar from where your friends can admire you cooking while enjoying a drink. The dining table can seat up to eight persons. The bedroom is the rather romantic with a queen size double bed, a chimney, an antic mirror and ceiling moldings ! The bathroom is modern with a big italian shower.  Location: It is
10227	Appartement en hauteur, belle vue dégagée sur Paris, dans un immeuble sécurisé et moderne. Les ascenseurs sont nombreux et ne tombent jamais en panne ! 	Appartement de 77m² dans lequel nous proposons une chambre (10m²) à la location. L'appartement (cuisine, grand salon, sdb, toilettes séparés) est entièrement meublé et équipé. Location pour deux semaines minimum. Appartement en hauteur, belle vue dégagée sur Paris, dans un immeuble sécurisé et moderne. Les ascenseurs sont nombreux et ne tombent jamais en panne ! Accès à toutes les parties communes de l'appartement ! Cuisine, salle-de-bains, salon, ... Quartier des Olympiades à Paris, très animé, beaucoup de restaurants asiatiques. Métro Olympiades (14), Tolbiac (7) et tram Porte d'Ivry. Place d'iTalie (5, 6, 7) à 10mn de marche.
10228	Our apartment is on the fifth floor (no elevator) which offers a beautiful view of the city.  It has an entry with coats racks and a fully equipped kitchen opened in the living room. The bedroom has an en-suite bathroom, a comfortable bed and view of the Panthéon. It's a super bright apartment since it has two doors/windows that give access to a balcony (one in the bedroom and another in the living room). Voilà , a good accommodation to enjoy the Parisian way of life!	Sunny and charming one bedroom flat of a French-Brazilian couple with a great view of Paris' rooftops. Our apartment is on the fifth floor (no elevator) which offers a beautiful view of the city.  It has an entry with coats racks and a fully equipped kitchen opened in the living room. The bedroom has an en-suite bathroom, a comfortable bed and view of the Panthéon. It's a super bright apartment since it has two doors/windows that give access to a balcony (one in the bedroom and another in the living room). Voilà , a good accommodation to enjoy the Parisian way of life! Access to full apartment (internet, TV and laundry machine) You can always contact us by email/phone/whatsapp during your stay at my place. We'll be happy to answer your questions or even to give you some tips. The apartment is located in the 13th arrondissement (close to the 5th arrondissement called quartier latin). The area is quiet, residential and with an easy access by walk/bus/metro to the tourist spots and tram s
10229		Petit F2 avec une très belle vue sur la place d'Italie!  idéalement situé avec métro ligne 5, 6 et 7 au pied de l'immeuble, le centre commercial Italie 2,  quartier très vivant avec de nombreux cafés, pubs, restaurant, cinéma etc... wifi disponible.
10230	cour ombragée, possibilité de dormir jusqu'à 6 (2 lits doubles un dans la chambre, l'autre dans le salon, un canapé convertible), 1 chambre, un salon-cuisine ouverte séarée par un bar, salle de bain, WC à part	Nous louons notre appartement avec cour situé entre le 13ème et le 5ème arrondissement dans un quartier calme mais pratique pour sortir avec de nombreux bars et restaurant dans le quartier (notamment, rue Mouffetard à 2min). cour ombragée, possibilité de dormir jusqu'à 6 (2 lits doubles un dans la chambre, l'autre dans le salon, un canapé convertible), 1 chambre, un salon-cuisine ouverte séarée par un bar, salle de bain, WC à part logement entier possibilité d'aide pendant le séjour Le quartier des Gobelins est calme mais on y trouve de nombreux bars et restaurants, de plus il est proche du centre de Paris la bouche de métro est en face de la porte ! l'appartement est situé au fond de la cour de l'immeuble, au rez-de-chaussée : dedans on n'y entend absolument pas le bruit de la rue, difficile de réaliser qu'on est au coeur de Paris !
10231		Donnant sur une cour calme, charmant deux pièces au 1er étage sans ascenseur.  Près des lignes 6 et  7 du métro ,idéalement situé pour visiter Paris ou venir s'y reposer.
10232	- 25 meters square studio, perfect for two travelers  - nice view of gardens down below and lots of sunshine :) - kitchenette to prepare your own meals (to save money for that special restaurant!) - washer / dryer (to be able to pack light!)  - very comfortable bed that lifts to the ceiling ! (Wow, very modern!)	Perfect for one or two travelers   - 100 meters from Subway line 7 and Tram (Porte de Choisy) - nice view of gardens down below and lots of sunshine :) - equipped kitchenette to prepare your own meals - 25 meters square studio, perfect for two travelers  - nice view of gardens down below and lots of sunshine :) - kitchenette to prepare your own meals (to save money for that special restaurant!) - washer / dryer (to be able to pack light!)  - very comfortable bed that lifts to the ceiling ! (Wow, very modern!) - 20 minutes by foot to the famous Buttes aux Cailles district - 20 minute metro ride to the heart of Paris, Châtelet The neighborhood is calm and enjoyable, perfect to rest up after a long day of visiting the city. EASY ACCESS TO PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 2 minutes by foot to subway line 7 and Tram 3 (station : Porte de Choisy) I can of course give you suggestions to make your stay as nice as possible !
10233	The studio is calm and bright. Very comfortable and fully equipped : wifi, cable tv, sound system, oven, induction hob, washing and drying machine, memory foam mattress, toaster, mixer… A real kitchen and a real bathroom where you’ll be able to take as many baths as you wish.  And above all the terrace, with its very nice vew , where you will be able to drink and dine « en tête-à- tête ». It is situated at the fourth floor, with elevator.	Large studio (400 ft²), with south-facing terrace, in the  typical Butte aux Cailles area. Love my district and my studio, guess you'll love them to ! The studio is calm and bright. Very comfortable and fully equipped : wifi, cable tv, sound system, oven, induction hob, washing and drying machine, memory foam mattress, toaster, mixer… A real kitchen and a real bathroom where you’ll be able to take as many baths as you wish.  And above all the terrace, with its very nice vew , where you will be able to drink and dine « en tête-à- tête ». It is situated at the fourth floor, with elevator. My studio is a stone’s throw away from the hustle and bustle : restaurants, bars, traditional bakeries (we even won an award for « Best Croissant in Paris »). We have one of the nicest swimming pools in Paris, outdoor in the summer, if you feel like taking a dip. I'll be happy to show you the best bakerie, restaurants... if you feel like it on your arrival. I've been living in a lot of districts in Pari
10234	[Brand new renovated studio 20sqm perfectly located & next to train stations & metro]------[Studio de 20m2 au rdc, entièrement rénové (03/15) très bien situé dans le 13e (Place d'italie) idéal pour explorer Paris ou pour vos rdv d'affaires.] [ I use this studio for my massage, meditation and Qi-Gong practices. It is perfectly located in the 13th district of Paris (Chinese District).  Quiet, sunny, bright, serene, functional and secure. You will feel comfortable and at ease. I love this studio because it is very convenient to reach all other part of Paris.] -----------  J'utilise ce logement pour mon travail quand je suis sur paris (massages, méditation, coaching, qi-gong). En arrière-cour, au rdc, facilement accessible, ensoleillé, au calme, vous serez agréablement surpris par ce studio zen et serein. J'aime cet endroit pour son calme alors qu'il est en pleine ville!, pour sa lumière, son accessibilité par les transports en commun et sa proximité de tous les commerces. Le quartier déga	[-- I like this 'monacalistic' ambiance and simplistic design in this quiet courtyard.--] J'aime  cette ambiance zen et minimaliste dans cette arrière-cour calme. [Brand new renovated studio 20sqm perfectly located & next to train stations & metro]------[Studio de 20m2 au rdc, entièrement rénové (03/15) très bien situé dans le 13e (Place d'italie) idéal pour explorer Paris ou pour vos rdv d'affaires.] [ I use this studio for my massage, meditation and Qi-Gong practices. It is perfectly located in the 13th district of Paris (Chinese District).  Quiet, sunny, bright, serene, functional and secure. You will feel comfortable and at ease. I love this studio because it is very convenient to reach all other part of Paris.] -----------  J'utilise ce logement pour mon travail quand je suis sur paris (massages, méditation, coaching, qi-gong). En arrière-cour, au rdc, facilement accessible, ensoleillé, au calme, vous serez agréablement surpris par ce studio zen et serein. J'aime cet endroit pour 
10235	L'appartement comprend une cuisine (2 plaques chauffantes, petit four, réfrigérateur avec espace de congélation, un plan de travail qui peut s'agrandir, cafetière italienne et autres petits équipements de base, condiments et épices qui peuvent être utilisés) ouverte sur l'espace à vivre. La chambre est lumineuse avec deux fenêtres (dans une pièce à cinq murs), avec des espace de rangement pour les vêtements entièrement libérés, et des draps pour le lit. La salle de bain, très petite, comprend une douche avec des serviettes à disposition.  	Au 2nd étage d'un petit immeuble dans un quartier agréable à 20mn du centre, l'appartement est simple et lumineux. La rue est calme en journée avec peu de circulation, et animée le soir (nombreux restaurants et bars). L'appartement comprend une cuisine (2 plaques chauffantes, petit four, réfrigérateur avec espace de congélation, un plan de travail qui peut s'agrandir, cafetière italienne et autres petits équipements de base, condiments et épices qui peuvent être utilisés) ouverte sur l'espace à vivre. La chambre est lumineuse avec deux fenêtres (dans une pièce à cinq murs), avec des espace de rangement pour les vêtements entièrement libérés, et des draps pour le lit. La salle de bain, très petite, comprend une douche avec des serviettes à disposition. Je ne serai pas personnellement à Paris, mais je reste disponible par mail pour toute question ou recommandations sur le quartier. La Butte aux Cailles est comme un petit village en plein Paris. Une fois éloigné des immeubles de la Place 
10236		Studio lumineux tout équipé idéalement situé dans le 13e arrondissement (métro Campo Formio ou Gobelins). Grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine et salle de bain séparées. 6e étage sans ascenseur, deux balconnets, vue dégagée. A louer pendant mes congés.
10237	"The flat is quiet and bright with a nice view allowing to see the ""Panthéon"". There's a big room with a very comfortable bed and a flat screen. An open fitted kitchen, 2 sofa (one of them is a sofa bed), good speakers for music lovers. Metro station 100 meters away and bus for Saint-Michel and cathedral Notre Dame 500 meters. You could be in the center in 10min. Large choice of restaurants, bars at Rue Mouffetard (Latin Quarter), les Gobelins, La Butte-aux-Cailles and at the Chinese Quarter. Each are from a 3 to 15 min walk."	"The flat will provide you every things you need to enjoy your stay in Paris. From its location to its layout, the place is perfect to receive 2 to 3 people. Located between chinatown and the old Paris neighborhoods, with many subway lines. The flat is quiet and bright with a nice view allowing to see the ""Panthéon"". There's a big room with a very comfortable bed and a flat screen. An open fitted kitchen, 2 sofa (one of them is a sofa bed), good speakers for music lovers. Metro station 100 meters away and bus for Saint-Michel and cathedral Notre Dame 500 meters. You could be in the center in 10min. Large choice of restaurants, bars at Rue Mouffetard (Latin Quarter), les Gobelins, La Butte-aux-Cailles and at the Chinese Quarter. Each are from a 3 to 15 min walk. You will have access to the whole apartment. If you like to cook don't hesitate to take what is in the kitchen. The direct neighbor is very quiet, there is a nice park just down the building, nice bakery and restaurants. There ar"
10238		Studio, built in 2015. Awesome view of Paris. Location in Paris 13 (Chinatown). Secured underground parking.
10239	Studio de 30m2 lumineux, calme et accessible. L'appartement a été refait en mai 2015. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris avec de nombreux accès (métro lignes 6 Nationale ,14 Olympiade , RER C Bibliotèque et nombreux bus).  Entre la place d'Italie et de Bercy. Il comprend:  - Une entrée ouvrant sur le salon et la cuisine - Un grand salon avec table , chaises, grand canapé convertible et d'un lit armoire très confortable (2 places)  - La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, petit four, micro-ondes, plaques à induction) avec tous les ustensiles nécessaires.  - Une salle de bain entièrement neuve avec douche style italienne, 2 vasques et machine à laver.  - Les serviettes de bain ainsi que la literie sont fournies à la demande .	Ce superbe studio entièrement équipé et refait à neuf, dans une résidence vous accueille au coeur du 13ème arrondissement de Paris. Très bien desservie (nombreux metro et bus ) . Studio de 30m2 lumineux, calme et accessible. L'appartement a été refait en mai 2015. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris avec de nombreux accès (métro lignes 6 Nationale ,14 Olympiade , RER C Bibliotèque et nombreux bus).  Entre la place d'Italie et de Bercy. Il comprend:  - Une entrée ouvrant sur le salon et la cuisine - Un grand salon avec table , chaises, grand canapé convertible et d'un lit armoire très confortable (2 places)  - La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, petit four, micro-ondes, plaques à induction) avec tous les ustensiles nécessaires.  - Une salle de bain entièrement neuve avec douche style italienne, 2 vasques et machine à laver.  - Les serviettes de bain ainsi que la literie sont fournies à la demande . L'appartement est à vous entièrement. Il y a le nécessaire pour cuisiner. 
10240	The apartment was newly renovated, it is on the second floor (no lift), of a typical old parisian Building. It measures 28 Sqm, has a double exposition east/west with a lot of sunshine in every season, it is calm and fresh during the summer. It is composed of a big entrance/room, a living room with a lovely original marble fireplace and balcony, a bathroom with shower, sink and WC, a kitchen and a large cupboard. It is furnished with a sofa/bed for two (width 160 cm) and a single bed. The living room can be separated from the entrance/room by a velvet curtain. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a oven, two electric plates, a water boiler and all the necessary utensils, glassware, and kitchenware. Other equipments: bed sheets, blankets, towels, electric water heater, independent radiator heating, high speed internet connection, vacuum cleaner and hair dryer. 	The apartment is located in a typical parisian Haussman style building. It is composed of a big entrance/room, a living room with balcony, a bathroom  and a kitchen. At ten minutes walk from the apartment the charming Rue Mouffetard Market.  The apartment was newly renovated, it is on the second floor (no lift), of a typical old parisian Building. It measures 28 Sqm, has a double exposition east/west with a lot of sunshine in every season, it is calm and fresh during the summer. It is composed of a big entrance/room, a living room with a lovely original marble fireplace and balcony, a bathroom with shower, sink and WC, a kitchen and a large cupboard. It is furnished with a sofa/bed for two (width 160 cm) and a single bed. The living room can be separated from the entrance/room by a velvet curtain. The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a oven, two electric plates, a water boiler and all the necessary utensils, glassware, and kitchenware. Other equipments: bed sheets, blankets, towels, 
10241	- Big room (13m2) with a rack and clothes hangers at your disposal. - Equiped kitchen: Oven, Microwave, Large Fridge, Hotplates, Rice cooker,... - Feel free to use the washing machie - Bathroom with shower: Soap, shampoo and toothpaste available - Clean towels and bedsheets in the room - Internet, Wifi, Adsl, TV by Box available	"Period appartment in the heart of Paris (10min from Châtelet) With equipped kitchen, shower, toilet, a large room and a sofa fitted to be used as 3rd bed (2m long) In a quiet street between the stations Gobelins (L7) and Glacière (L6) - Big room (13m2) with a rack and clothes hangers at your disposal. - Equiped kitchen: Oven, Microwave, Large Fridge, Hotplates, Rice cooker,... - Feel free to use the washing machie - Bathroom with shower: Soap, shampoo and toothpaste available - Clean towels and bedsheets in the room - Internet, Wifi, Adsl, TV by Box available A ""Lonely Planet"" guide of Paris will be at your disposal.  Please leave it there when you go to be used by the next guests (and us) A few supermarkets at 5 minutes by foot 10 minutes away (by foot) is Rue Mouffetard (Mouffetard Street), a pedestrian only street where you you'll find some of the best fresh and local products in all Paris (Bakers, butchers, fishmongers,...), a few restaurants and bars; but also you'll find every mo"
10242	This studio can accommodate a couple or two people one person. Ideal for a romantic getaway or a business trip. A affordable price you will be close to the city center of Paris.  Bright, quiet, this apartment is ideal for living a pleasant stay. The lounge and kitchen are equipped. You soucierez about anything!	Lovely, simple and well equipped in the heart of Chinatown in Paris. Besides all the shops and the metro. To visit Paris getaway. This studio can accommodate a couple or two people one person. Ideal for a romantic getaway or a business trip. A affordable price you will be close to the city center of Paris.  Bright, quiet, this apartment is ideal for living a pleasant stay. The lounge and kitchen are equipped. You soucierez about anything! Situated in the heart of Chinatown and near the banks of the Seine in a lively and thriving. Line 14 of the metro is 5 minutes walk and serves the city center of Paris very quickly. The neighborhood is very supplied businesses in all genres. As host I am at your disposal to welcoming you into the apartment, give you many tips and answer all your questions. I would be available for the duration of your stay. The apartment is located at the corner of rue de Tolbiac. He is alive and animated by several restaurants. Nearby is the banks of the Seine where 
10243	1 bedroom apartment: bright and cosy, 2nd floor/elevator in secure and well maintained building. Sleeps up to 3. Centrally located neighborhood with all conveniences (grocery, butcher, baker, bistros and cafes). At the intersection of the 5th, 13th and 14th arrondisments, close to rue mouffetard, La butte aux cailles, rue daguerre, les catacombes, and many other destinations. Easy access to the whole city, and from the airports (CDG and Orly via Denfert-Rochereau RER/Orly-Bus). The apartment is composed of an entry way, large bedroom with full bed, a well equipped kitchen/living area with washing machine, a large bathroom with full tub and shower, and large windows in all rooms. Great direct sunlight. International phone, wifi/internet, tv included. Hope you can make it soon to Paris! 	1 bedroom apartment: bright and cosy, 2nd floor/elevator in secure and well maintained building. Sleeps up to 3. Centrally located neighborhood with all conveniences (grocery, butcher, baker, bistros and cafes). At the intersection of the 5th, 13th and 14th arrondisments, close to rue mouffetard, La butte aux cailles, rue daguerre, les catacombes, and many other destinations. Easy access to the whole city, and from the airports (CDG and Orly via Denfert-Rochereau RER/Orly-Bus). The apartment is composed of an entry way, large bedroom with full bed, a well equipped kitchen/living area with washing machine, a large bathroom with full tub and shower, and large windows in all rooms. Great direct sunlight. International phone, wifi/internet, tv included. Hope you can make it soon to Paris! 
10244	We've start the renting in 2014, first guests really happy ;-)   Wood floor, chimney, wrought iron balconnies, it is typical for old french buildings. The sun comes into the house every morning until 15 o'lock, the windows are from top to floor.  The separate bedroom with writing desk can be useful for researchers or students who need to work at home.  The Bibliotheque Nationale de France, University Paris 6 and Bulac are 5mn on foot. 	Sunny apartment close to Bibliothèque François Mitterrand, cinema Mk2 and Seine quays with boats Batofar and  swimming pool.  Open kitchen, 1 separate bedroom, 5th floor by stairs. Shops, cafes and restaurants around. Visit our page DrHip. We've start the renting in 2014, first guests really happy ;-)   Wood floor, chimney, wrought iron balconnies, it is typical for old french buildings. The sun comes into the house every morning until 15 o'lock, the windows are from top to floor.  The separate bedroom with writing desk can be useful for researchers or students who need to work at home.  The Bibliotheque Nationale de France, University Paris 6 and Bulac are 5mn on foot.  You'll have the hole apartment, so you can feel like a parisian going back home at evening.  François and I can answer to any questions. We understand spanish and russian. We both know Paris quite well, and François is a real parisian, as he was born in Paris.  The population is mostly young, students from the universi
10245		Studio 23m2 , 1etage sur cour. Peut accueillir 2 à 3 personnes  Lit Mezzanine et matelas au sol, 2 places, coin cuisine, salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Proche métro Gobelins, commerces à proximité, 5 minutes à pied de la rue mouffetard
10246		Mon appartement meublé ( salon, 20 m2, chambre 12 m2, salle de bain, wc séparé, cuisine ). Total 46 m2 loi carrez dont je suis propriétaire. Durée minimale : 1 mois
10247		Accessible à pieds :  - Olympiades (Ligne 14) et Tolbiac (Ligne 7) - Les quais et BNF - Place d'Italie - Quartier chinois - Quartier de la butte-aux-cailles Accessible en métro / vélib : - Tout Paris !
10248		47m² flat at the 2nd floor of a calm building, offering a view on the residence garden clean and well equipped (wifi, tv, whashing machine, diswasher ...). Very bright with a southern exposure and a balcony full of plants !
10249	Petit. Mignon. Et très bien situé dans un quartier très agréable. Je le sous-loue en mon absence alors svp vérifiez bien les dates disponibles sur le calendrier. Bons petits restaurants du quartier asiatique. Le grand parc pas loin. Le quartier animé et sympa de la Butte aux cailles.  3 lignes de métro: - Ligne 7 au pied de l'appartement - Ligne 5 à 5 minutes à pied - Ligne 14 à 8/10 minutes à pied + Bus, Noctiliens et stations Velib' au pied du studio Tout le studio.  A leur arrivée.  Les bons petits restaurants du quartier asiatique. Le grand parc pas loin. Le quartier animé et sympa de la Butte aux cailles.  3 lignes de métro: - Ligne 7 au pied de l'appartement - Ligne 5 à 5 minutes à pied - Ligne 14 à 8/10 minutes à pied + Bus, Noctiliens et stations Velib' au pied du studio Tout le studio.  A leur arrivée.  Les bons petits restaurants du quartier asiatique. Le grand parc pas loin. Le quartier animé et sympa de la Butte aux cailles.  3 lignes de métro: - Ligne 7 au pied de l'appart	Petit studio de 15m2 dans le 13ème arrondissement de Paris. A deux pas de 3 stations de métro, stations Velib' et ligne de Noctilien. SDB/WC et kitchenette dans le studio. Meridienne/lit 2 places. Internet et wifi.  Small studio in Paris. Nice and convinient location!  Petit. Mignon. Et très bien situé dans un quartier très agréable. Je le sous-loue en mon absence alors svp vérifiez bien les dates disponibles sur le calendrier. Bons petits restaurants du quartier asiatique. Le grand parc pas loin. Le quartier animé et sympa de la Butte aux cailles.  3 lignes de métro: - Ligne 7 au pied de l'appartement - Ligne 5 à 5 minutes à pied - Ligne 14 à 8/10 minutes à pied + Bus, Noctiliens et stations Velib' au pied du studio Tout le studio.  A leur arrivée.  Les bons petits restaurants du quartier asiatique. Le grand parc pas loin. Le quartier animé et sympa de la Butte aux cailles.  3 lignes de métro: - Ligne 7 au pied de l'appartement - Ligne 5 à 5 minutes à pied - Ligne 14 à 8/10 minutes à 
10250	This flat is very comfortable and light.  Two rooms for space and three beds among which, one in the living-room/kitchen.  Well-located, you will reach the eiffel tower in 20 minutes, without changing as it is on the same tube line. 15min away from the main touristic attractions.  As it is 5min walk from the river, you'll be able to have a drink on a boat. You will even find a swimming-pool ON the river (the Josephine Baker one).  Perfect location when sun is coming, you will not regret to have booked in!  Plenty of bars and clubs near the river, as well as the biggest cinema and library (MK2 ones).  	"Very nice flat in front of the hospital ""La pitié salpêtrière"". Floating swimming-pool (on the river)/The biggest parisian Cinema&library/Bercy 5mins away on foot. Near all amenities. Three individual beds. 6th floor/no lift This flat is very comfortable and light.  Two rooms for space and three beds among which, one in the living-room/kitchen.  Well-located, you will reach the eiffel tower in 20 minutes, without changing as it is on the same tube line. 15min away from the main touristic attractions.  As it is 5min walk from the river, you'll be able to have a drink on a boat. You will even find a swimming-pool ON the river (the Josephine Baker one).  Perfect location when sun is coming, you will not regret to have booked in!  Plenty of bars and clubs near the river, as well as the biggest cinema and library (MK2 ones).   Wifi, dishes, basic food products I can help you with anything,  would be a pleasure for me to give you some advices if you don't know Paris yet :). This area is up a"
10251	Vous serez les bienvenus dans notre maison avant de rejoindre par le jardin votre studio indépendant (21m2) tout équipé au calme. Le petit déjeuner est compris dans l'offre pain frais, confiture maison, jus de fruit Le logement dispose d'une entrée totalement indépendante  Accès rapide au centre de Paris :  Métro ligne 14 Olympiades (Saint Lazare 14 mn) Métro ligne 7 Porte d'Ivry Tramway T3 Porte d'Ivry Bus 83, 27, 62	Vous serez les bienvenus dans notre maison avant de rejoindre par le jardin votre studio indépendant (21m2) tout équipé au calme. Le petit déjeuner est compris dans l'offre pain frais, confiture maison, jus de fruit Le logement dispose d'une entrée totalement indépendante  Accès rapide au centre de Paris :  Métro ligne 14 Olympiades (Saint Lazare 14 mn) Métro ligne 7 Porte d'Ivry Tramway T3 Porte d'Ivry Bus 83, 27, 62 Accès rapide au centre de Paris :  Métro ligne 14 Olympiades (Saint Lazare 14 mn) Métro ligne 7 Porte d'Ivry Tramway T3 Porte d'Ivry Bus 83, 27, 62
10252		Charmant deux pièces de 45 m2 au coeur du 13ème arrondissement, le quartier chinois, lave-linge, cuisine équipée, chambre pour un couple et lit d'appoint dans le salon.
10253	Situé dans une rue calme, a proximité des transports. Idéalement situé pour ne pas etre engouffré dans la vie parisienne	Appartment at the 2nd Floor with elevator, nice neighborhood, quiet, near of the center of Paris (15 minutes with subway). Many access with public tranport (subway, bus, RER). Maximum capacity of 3 people (1 double bed and 1 sofa-bed). Tv and wifi.
10254	Véritable dépaysement que d'être en plein Paris dans une maison où vous vivrez au son du chant des oiseaux.  Chaque chambre possède sa propre salle de bain et une seconde pièce attenante.  Un grand salon - salle à manger vous permettra de vous détendre en regardant les rosiers par la fenêtre. Vous pourrez y jouer d'un beau piano si le coeur vous en dit.	"Dans une impasse piétonne calme et arborée, cette maison de 2 étages peut accueillir 4 personnes dans un grand confort (piano pour les musiciens). Au pied du ""village"" de la Butte aux cailles, vous serez à 20 minutes du centre touristique de Paris. Véritable dépaysement que d'être en plein Paris dans une maison où vous vivrez au son du chant des oiseaux.  Chaque chambre possède sa propre salle de bain et une seconde pièce attenante.  Un grand salon - salle à manger vous permettra de vous détendre en regardant les rosiers par la fenêtre. Vous pourrez y jouer d'un beau piano si le coeur vous en dit. Cuisine toute équipée (micro-onde, 5 feux, four), lave vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge faciliteront votre séjour. Calme tout en étant vivante, cette partie du 13ème vous fera rapidement vous sentir chez vous (nombreux commerces de proximité, centre commercial à 5 minutes). Vous serez en 5 minutes au coeur du quartier chinois historique de Paris ou pourrez aller flâner et boire un verre s"
10255	L'appartement est un 2 pièces de 30m² dans le 13ème arrondissement de Paris, dans le quartier Maison Blanche. Vous trouverez la ligne 7 du métro parisien au pied de l'immeuble, et les lignes 5, 6, 14 et Tram 3a à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Vous séjournerez dans un canapé-lit confortable de 200x150cm, dans le salon de l'appartement.	My girlfriend and I propose you our sofa bed, in our 30m² flat. Less than 10 minutes walking, Metro lines 5, 6, 7, 14 and Tramway 3a, you'll be anywhere in Paris quickly. Perfect for a couple who want to stay in Paris.
10256	Le calme et le confort du studio assurent aux voyageurs le repos souhaitable après une journée de tourisme ou de travail dans Paris	Lumineux et très calme dans un immeuble ancien avec charme ce studio de 19 m2 , entièrement refait à neuf est idéalement placé (proche du quartier latin) pour un séjour de tourisme à Paris. Le calme et le confort du studio assurent aux voyageurs le repos souhaitable après une journée de tourisme ou de travail dans Paris totalité du studio Le studio est très proche des stations de métro Gobelins (ligne 7) et Corvisart (ligne 6) Aide et conseil aux voyageurs pour le tourisme, les commerces , la santé, les déplacements.
10257	L'appartement est ancien, avec parquet et moulures,  deux cheminées, balcon - accueillant et chaleureux, mais la dernière rénovation est ancienne. il est donc dans son jus. Tout y est cependant !  (sauf TV et micro-ondes) Possibilité de faire dormir des enfants dans le canapé-lit du salon en plus du lit double de la chambre. La salle de bain est minimale : douche, WC et lavabo dans 2 m2, mais eau chaude et eau froide ! Les doubles vitrages sont récents, calme parfait dans l'appartement. La chambre étant sur cour, est calme, également fenêtre ouverte.	Voyageuse et habituée des échanges,  je serais ravie de vous recevoir, seul(e) en couple (1 enfnt) dans mon appartement situé dans le 13e arrondissement, , au 5e étage d'un immeuble ancien, une grande chambre calme sur cour et d'un salon avec balcon. L'appartement est ancien, avec parquet et moulures,  deux cheminées, balcon - accueillant et chaleureux, mais la dernière rénovation est ancienne. il est donc dans son jus. Tout y est cependant !  (sauf TV et micro-ondes) Possibilité de faire dormir des enfants dans le canapé-lit du salon en plus du lit double de la chambre. La salle de bain est minimale : douche, WC et lavabo dans 2 m2, mais eau chaude et eau froide ! Les doubles vitrages sont récents, calme parfait dans l'appartement. La chambre étant sur cour, est calme, également fenêtre ouverte. Vous aurez accès à l'appartement (website hidden) pas hésiter à m'appeler si besoin est. Le 13e arrondissement est connu pour le quartier de la Butte aux Cailles, charmant et vivant et le quar
10258	My apartment is on the 3rd floor in a modern building with an entry hall lined with palm trees and a comfortable elevator. It consists of a bedroom with a double bed and a spacious living room with a sofa bed and a large window bringing plenty of light inside. There's also a long balcony. The kitchen is equipped with hot plates, microwave, fridge, and a table. Free internet and many books in different languages. The white leather sofa in the living room is new - check the pictures! 	Modern apartment in the Latin Quarter close to narrow medieval streets and a famous market. Two minutes from a big transportation hub. Lots of light through large windows. A balcony, books, and pictures on the walls. My apartment is on the 3rd floor in a modern building with an entry hall lined with palm trees and a comfortable elevator. It consists of a bedroom with a double bed and a spacious living room with a sofa bed and a large window bringing plenty of light inside. There's also a long balcony. The kitchen is equipped with hot plates, microwave, fridge, and a table. Free internet and many books in different languages. The white leather sofa in the living room is new - check the pictures!  Location is central Left Bank. It's close to the historic market in rue Mouffetard (a lively street with many small shops and restaurants) and to Les Gobelins. A 10-minute walk will take you to all sites in the Latin Quarter, including the Luxembourg Gardens, the Pantheon and the Sorbonne. Mont
10259	- This luxurious studio (43 m2) is situated on the 8th floor on the Avenue de Choisy, in the 13th arrondissement. It is very spacious and bright, facing south-west, no vis-à-vis, giving you a large view.  - The studio has been completely renovated in Summer 2011, with new double-glass windows, new floor in the kitchen area and new modern and efficient kitchen.  - You enter in a hall with 2 large closets. - In the kitchen you will find a dish-washer, cooktop, refrigerator with freezer,  electric kettle, coffee machine, I-Home radio and MP3 player, all the appliances are brand new.  - The half separate living room/bedroom area has a large sofa that can be transformed very easily in a double bed, next to it a queen size bed.      - Two chest of drawers and 4 drawers under the bed provide plenty of storage room. - The bathroom has a tub, hair dryer and plenty of storage room. - 1 flat screen TV, with large choice of TV channels including English, German and Spanish channels. - Free high sp	Large studio, 43 m2, very bright, 5 minutes walk to metro station, line 7 DIRECT  to Le Louvre, Chatelet, Opera - 3 minutes walk to Tramway T3, DIRECT to Porte de Versailles, Convention Center - Numerous Restaurants all around and grocery stores. - This luxurious studio (43 m2) is situated on the 8th floor on the Avenue de Choisy, in the 13th arrondissement. It is very spacious and bright, facing south-west, no vis-à-vis, giving you a large view.  - The studio has been completely renovated in Summer 2011, with new double-glass windows, new floor in the kitchen area and new modern and efficient kitchen.  - You enter in a hall with 2 large closets. - In the kitchen you will find a dish-washer, cooktop, refrigerator with freezer,  electric kettle, coffee machine, I-Home radio and MP3 player, all the appliances are brand new.  - The half separate living room/bedroom area has a large sofa that can be transformed very easily in a double bed, next to it a queen size bed.      - Two chest of d
10260	U Will Share the Space with us You have your private access to your bedroom You Share toilets and bathroom	"We are a couple of french and italian who rent a bedroom in our flat. We are located closed to the famous Jardin des Plantes and The "" grande mosquée"" with a view over the fantastic historical museum.  U Will Share the Space with us You have your private access to your bedroom You Share toilets and bathroom Wifi- kitchen with limited access - washing machine5 euros - king size bed Tube Line 5 and 10 Train rerc Bus"
10261	No smoke area only on  the terrace.	The campaign in Paris! The room is located on the top floor. The terrace offers an unobstructed view of Paris from the Eiffel Tower to the Bibliothèque François Mitterand, no unopposed. The Sun passes through the apartment from East to West and gives No smoke area only on  the terrace. access to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, living room, the bathroom, the toilet and of course the terrace.
10262		Bel appartement de 35m2 au pied des gobelins. Situé au deuxième étage, il se compose d'un séjour avec une cuisine ouverte, d'une chambre séparée et d'un salle de bain avec douche.  Il est parfait pour venir passé quelques jours à Paris.
10263	Lave-linge, frigo, drap tout est disponible pour passer un séjour comme à la maison. Le ménage est en sus. 40 euros 	Au pied du metro 14 et à 6-7 minutes de la place d'Italie (ligne 5,6,7) Emplacement central qui permet de se rendre en moins de 30 minutes de tout Paris (Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysée, le Louvre...). Tout confort. Lave-linge, frigo, drap tout est disponible pour passer un séjour comme à la maison. Le ménage est en sus. 40 euros Quartier vivant, toutes commodités au coeur du quartier chinois. Metro 14 au pied de l'appartement Metro 5,6 et 7 à moins de 10 minutes  Tram à mois de 5 minutes Bus 83, 62 et 64
10264	"Recently renovated 1-bedroom apartment in a very comfortable high-rise building, full of light and with an incredible view over the East of Paris.  To sleep, there is 1 comfortable bed in the bedroom (120 cm wide, for 1 large or 2 small people) and 1 also comfortable, new convertible couch in the living room (120cm wide). The apartment has good wi-fi access included, as well as all the necessary home appliances (stove, oven, washing machine and dishwasher). In the neighborhood, there's every convenience nearby : a big supermarket, a boulangerie... and plenty of restaurants and bars around the nearby Place d'Italie. And finally, to move around : just down the block is the metro station ""Chevaleret"" on line 6, from which you can easliy reach all of Paris."	"Recently renovated 1-bedroom apartment in a very comfortable high-rise building, full of light and with an incredible view over the East of Paris.  To sleep, there is 1 comfortable bed in the bedroom (120 cm wide, for 1 large or 2 small people) and 1 also comfortable, new convertible couch in the living room (120cm wide). The apartment has good wi-fi access included, as well as all the necessary home appliances (stove, oven, washing machine and dishwasher). In the neighborhood, there's every convenience nearby : a big supermarket, a boulangerie... and plenty of restaurants and bars around the nearby Place d'Italie. And finally, to move around : just down the block is the metro station ""Chevaleret"" on line 6, from which you can easliy reach all of Paris."
10265	유학으로 제가 살고 있는 프랑스식 아파트입니다. 크기는 화장실을 제외하고 15미터제곱쯤으로 매우 좁습니다. 파리의 좁은 아파트가 대체로 이래요^^ 제 숙소에 룸쉐어로 들어오시는 것인만큼 그냥 친구 자취하는 곳에 머무르며 파리 구경한다고 생각하시면 될 것 같습니다. 저 또한 돈 벌려고 하는 게 아니라 잠깐 친구 만나다는 기분으로 올려놓는 거라서요. 저렴한 가격에 도미트리 2인실을 쓰는 셈이라서 다른 저렴한 숙소보단 훨씬 나을 거예요. 파리에 관한 정보나 여행 중에 생기는 문제에 대해서 최대한 도와드릴게요.	이층침대의 2층을 저렴하게 빌려드립니다! 작성된 설명은 꼼꼼히 읽어보셔야 해요! 제가 남자라 여자분이시면 조금 불편하실 수도 있지만 걱정하실 필요는 없어요^^  숙소는 프랑스식 아파트 6층입니다. 부엌과 샤워부스가 있는 작은 거실과 분리된 침실이 있어요. 화장실은 현관 맞은 편에 있고 개인사용입니다. 대로변에 위치해 안전하고 조용합니다. 지하철역, 버스역, 슈퍼마켓과 가까워 생활이 편리하답니다. 까톡아뒤 nowhere1999 유학으로 제가 살고 있는 프랑스식 아파트입니다. 크기는 화장실을 제외하고 15미터제곱쯤으로 매우 좁습니다. 파리의 좁은 아파트가 대체로 이래요^^ 제 숙소에 룸쉐어로 들어오시는 것인만큼 그냥 친구 자취하는 곳에 머무르며 파리 구경한다고 생각하시면 될 것 같습니다. 저 또한 돈 벌려고 하는 게 아니라 잠깐 친구 만나다는 기분으로 올려놓는 거라서요. 저렴한 가격에 도미트리 2인실을 쓰는 셈이라서 다른 저렴한 숙소보단 훨씬 나을 거예요. 파리에 관한 정보나 여행 중에 생기는 문제에 대해서 최대한 도와드릴게요. 사용후 깨끗히 치워놓는 것을 전제로 식기류 등 갖춰진 물품을 사용하실 수 있습니다. 무선인터넷 사용 가능하고 TV로 프랑스방송 볼 수 있습니다. 한국으로 국제전화 무료로 사용 (website hidden) 휴대전화로 곧장 전화를 걸어서 부담없이 쓰실 수 있어요. 네스프레소 캡슐 머신을 설치해서 저렴하게 카페라떼를 만들어 드실 수 있어요^^ 대신 사용 후에는 원상태로 잘 정리하시고 물품은 새로 구입해서 채워주셔야 해요~ 방을 같이 쓰는 거라서 친하게 서로 도우며 지내면 좋겠습니다. 아마 식사 시간이라면 같이 맛있는 거 만들어 먹고 그러면 식비도 절약되고 좋을 거예요. 슈퍼마켓과 꽃집이 1층에 위치하고 있어서 물품을 구입하기 편리하고 입출입시 꽃향기를 맡을 수 있습니다. 건물 맞은 편의 제과점의 빵이 맛있습니다^^ 5호선, 7호선 지하철이 4분 거리, 버스 정류장이 바로 집 앞에 있습니다. 작은 엘리베이터가 있어서 6층까지 편안하게 올라오실 
10266	Chambre de 13m2 avec porte fenêtre équipée d'un bureau et d'une grande armoire. Une salle de bain privative est mise à votre disposition. Cet appartement de 120m2 exposé plein Sud se situe dans le charmant quartier de la Butte aux Cailles mais dans la partie calme du quartier. Spacieux et très lumineux il se compose de trois chambres, deux salles de bain, un salon, une cuisine ainsi qu'une salle TV.  La chambre a une capacité de deux personnes puisqu'elle est équipée d'un lit double. Nous fournissons les draps pour le lit mais pas les serviettes de bain.	Chambre privée dans un appartement de 120m2 situé dans le charmant quartier de la Butte aux Cailles mais dans la partie calme du quartier.  La chambre a une capacité de deux personnes puisqu'elle est équipée d'un lit double. Chambre de 13m2 avec porte fenêtre équipée d'un bureau et d'une grande armoire. Une salle de bain privative est mise à votre disposition. Cet appartement de 120m2 exposé plein Sud se situe dans le charmant quartier de la Butte aux Cailles mais dans la partie calme du quartier. Spacieux et très lumineux il se compose de trois chambres, deux salles de bain, un salon, une cuisine ainsi qu'une salle TV.  La chambre a une capacité de deux personnes puisqu'elle est équipée d'un lit double. Nous fournissons les draps pour le lit mais pas les serviettes de bain. Les voyageurs auront accès à la cuisine entièrement équipée pour le petit déjeuner uniquement, mais également au salon et à une salle de bain privative mise à leur disposition.  Le bureau ainsi que les autres chamb
10267	Un grand appartement situé au 24e étage. Une vue incroyable de jour comme de nuit. L'appartement est propre et clair.  Votre chambre a un lit double, un bureau, une commode et une bibliothèque. Si vous êtes 2 personnes et que vous voulez aussi le sofa du salon, merci de réserver pour 3 personnes. L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé avec plusieurs gardiens de sécurité jour et nuit. 	Chambre pour 2 dans grand appartement propre . Possibilité de réserver le canapé-lit du salon pour 1 ou 2 personnes de plus.   Nous partageons la cuisine, la salle de bain, les WC et le salon.   L'appartement est situé juste à la sortie du métro.  Un grand appartement situé au 24e étage. Une vue incroyable de jour comme de nuit. L'appartement est propre et clair.  Votre chambre a un lit double, un bureau, une commode et une bibliothèque. Si vous êtes 2 personnes et que vous voulez aussi le sofa du salon, merci de réserver pour 3 personnes. L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé avec plusieurs gardiens de sécurité jour et nuit.  Nous partageons le grand salon, la salle de bain, la cuisine et les wc.  Je travaille beaucoup et rentre tard le soir, donc vous aurez souvent l'appartement pour vous seul. Mais je suis évidemment partante pour discuter avec vous et vous renseigner sur Paris.  en bas de l'immeuble, on trouve des boulangeries, des supermarchés, beaucoup de restaurants, un Mc donald, d
10268	This very luminous bedroom in a 3-room flat (2 bedrooms, 1 living room + separate bathroom and kitchen) has everything you want for a perfect stay. Its ancient wood floor, ceiling mouldings and comfy furniture will make you feel at home instantly :)	This very luminous bedroom in a 3-room flat (2 bedrooms, 1 living room + separate bathroom and kitchen) has everything you want for a perfect stay. Its ancient wood floor, ceiling mouldings and comfy furniture will make you feel at home instantly :)
10269	The apartment is on the 8th floor of a tower, very sunny with a view to the south.  The shared rooms are: a big living room, where you can eat in the dining room area, relax on the comfy couch, watch tv, browse my books, play the piano (during the day only!). It also has a large fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub and separate toilets. Also a large balcony with two chairs, perfect for breakfast or a late drink. (There is also another room - my office / bedroom - which is not shared.) The building is a secure tower with 24h caretakers, 2 elevators to my floor.	Comfortable bedroom with a very comfortable queen-sized bed, in a spacious and sunny apartment, well-situated, shared with me and my cat. The apartment is on the 8th floor of a tower, very sunny with a view to the south.  The shared rooms are: a big living room, where you can eat in the dining room area, relax on the comfy couch, watch tv, browse my books, play the piano (during the day only!). It also has a large fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub and separate toilets. Also a large balcony with two chairs, perfect for breakfast or a late drink. (There is also another room - my office / bedroom - which is not shared.) The building is a secure tower with 24h caretakers, 2 elevators to my floor. Wifi. Free phone communications to the US and landlines in the UK and Canada. Cable TV. Lots of books in English (travels, movies, opera, fiction), dvds, cds, etc. As in most Paris apartments, there is no air conditioning, and it can get hot in the summer. There are two fans. In wi
10270	Idéal pour passer des vacances réussies en famille ou entre amis dans un quartier moderne et convivial. Appartement lumineux, spacieux et fonctionnel  très bien situé de tous les sites touristiques de Paris (tous les modes de transport sont à 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement). Très clair avec une petite terrasse plein sud, équipée d'un salon de jardin. Trois chambres avec une literie neuve, une donnant sur la rue principale et les deux autres donnant sur un jardin. Ambiance très calme. Appartement très confortable et convivial doté d'une cuisine entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four à chaleur tournante, four micro-ondes, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur, petit électro-ménager  complet. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et sur la terrasse, aspect loft. Deux salles de bain sont à votre disposition, l'une avec une baignoire, l'autre avec une douche dans la chambre parentale, tout le linge est fourni. La chambre parentale donne sur la terrasse	Profitez d'un appartement de 100 mètres carrés, très confortable,  et très bien équipé à 5 minutes de l'Avenue de France, de la Bibliothèque François Mitterrand et des Quais de Seine, transports très proches. Composé de 3 chambres spacieuses. Idéal pour passer des vacances réussies en famille ou entre amis dans un quartier moderne et convivial. Appartement lumineux, spacieux et fonctionnel  très bien situé de tous les sites touristiques de Paris (tous les modes de transport sont à 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement). Très clair avec une petite terrasse plein sud, équipée d'un salon de jardin. Trois chambres avec une literie neuve, une donnant sur la rue principale et les deux autres donnant sur un jardin. Ambiance très calme. Appartement très confortable et convivial doté d'une cuisine entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four à chaleur tournante, four micro-ondes, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur, petit électro-ménager  complet. La cuisine est ou
10271		Renewed in 2014. Perfect for a couple or 2 friends (2 individual beds). Well furbished small flat with washing machine. Bus 21 direct to 'Quartier Latin' & to Louvre Museum. Metro Line 6 direct to Eiffel Tower and to Champs Elysées.  WELCOME ! My phone is almost always opened. Feel free to contact me for any problem.
10272	Modern 3-room apartment (70m), renovated and very comfortable, with a nice kitchen. The decoration is sober (black / white) and modern. Located in Chinatown, lively and safe, there is a shopping center nearby (3min on foot with supermarket, pharmacy, wine shops, clothing) and a multitude of restaurants (Chinese, Thai, Japanese etc), bakery, pastry and other Asian shops as the famous Tang Frères where you can buy food, fruits / vegetables, dishes, clothes, souvenirs etc. The apartment is located by the metro Porte D'Ivry (line 7) and the T3 tram station, 5min walk from the Olympiades Station (line 14). You will be in 10 minutes to Bastille, Montparnasse, to the Bibliothèque François Mitterand and Court St Emilion, 10/15 minutes from the center of Paris (Châtelet Les Halles, the Louvre, Notre Dame, Department Stores, Invalides, Orsay Museum St Germain des Prés), 20 minutes from the Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles, 30 minutes from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower. Your roo	Just a minute from the metro and tram, comfortable private room in a modern apartment, bright, with nice views. Beautiful kitchen at your disposal. Large bathroom with tub. The heart of Chinatown. Modern 3-room apartment (70m), renovated and very comfortable, with a nice kitchen. The decoration is sober (black / white) and modern. Located in Chinatown, lively and safe, there is a shopping center nearby (3min on foot with supermarket, pharmacy, wine shops, clothing) and a multitude of restaurants (Chinese, Thai, Japanese etc), bakery, pastry and other Asian shops as the famous Tang Frères where you can buy food, fruits / vegetables, dishes, clothes, souvenirs etc. The apartment is located by the metro Porte D'Ivry (line 7) and the T3 tram station, 5min walk from the Olympiades Station (line 14). You will be in 10 minutes to Bastille, Montparnasse, to the Bibliothèque François Mitterand and Court St Emilion, 10/15 minutes from the center of Paris (Châtelet Les Halles, the Louvre, Notre D
10273	Le logement est au  28 ème avec vue panoramique sur Paris et très central à 100 mètres du métro Place d'Italie et des stations de bus.	Belle Chambre dans appartement au 28 ème étage d'une tour avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  utilisation de la cuisine, salle de bains, machine à laver, télévision dans la chambre et internet en Wifi. Petit déjeuner continental en libre service. Le logement est au  28 ème avec vue panoramique sur Paris et très central à 100 mètres du métro Place d'Italie et des stations de bus. Belle Chambre dans appartement au 28 ème étage d'une tour avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  utilisation de la cuisine, salle de bains, machine à laver, télévision dans la chambre et internet en Wifi. Petit déjeuner continental en libre service. Conseils touristiques, parle Anglais L'appartement est situé au dessus d'une grande galerie commerciale et très proche de Chinatown de Paris, de la Butte aux cailles et à 15 mn à pied de la rue Mouffetard. nombreux Restaurants( cuisine internationale), Cinémas, Cafés très proches. Métro Place d'Italie, arrets de bus (phone number hidden) et 83. accueil chaleureux,mise a dispositio
10274	Just near the river (seine) a nice  bed room in a flat with all accommodations. a nice living room with internet, a piano, and little balcony.One bathroom and one WC. there's also internet with WiFi connection and free international telephone call. The apartment is situated at  4th floor and there's a lift. Just have a look at the photos to see the environment. the famous Josephine Baker swimming pool at only one minute walking. the metro is just in front of the door and you get direct line 6 to la Tour Eiffel and Trocadero. just 15 min to go to Châtelet les Halles. at one minute  from the river Seine you'v got lot's of clubs in house boats very famous in Paris. you can find something to eat until 4 in the morning.  So, come and profit of this really nice environment and enjoy your trip in Paris!!  all the best!!!	Just near the river (seine) a nice  bed room in a flat with all accommodations. a nice living room with internet, a piano, and little balcony.One bathroom and one WC. there's also internet with WiFi connection and free international telephone call. The apartment is situated at  4th floor and there's a lift. Just have a look at the photos to see the environment. the famous Josephine Baker swimming pool at only one minute walking. the metro is just in front of the door and you get direct line 6 to la Tour Eiffel and Trocadero. just 15 min to go to Châtelet les Halles. at one minute  from the river Seine you'v got lot's of clubs in house boats very famous in Paris. you can find something to eat until 4 in the morning.  So, come and profit of this really nice environment and enjoy your trip in Paris!!  all the best!!!
10275	It was renovated this month - November 2014 (so all the reviews you see are based on the apartment before the renovation), so it is very fresh and clean! It is a spacious apartment (by Parisian standard), located in 5th arrondissement - central Paris.  (45 square meters or 484 square feet!). Up to four people can fit comfortably. A new broadband WiFi is also installed!	Newly renovated, located in the Paris 5e,  just by the beautiful parc (Jardin des plantes), and 2 minutes from Metro Gare d'Austerlitz. By Parisian standard, it is spacious (about 45 square meters or 484 sq feet) and 4 people can fit comfortably. It was renovated this month - November 2014 (so all the reviews you see are based on the apartment before the renovation), so it is very fresh and clean! It is a spacious apartment (by Parisian standard), located in 5th arrondissement - central Paris.  (45 square meters or 484 square feet!). Up to four people can fit comfortably. A new broadband WiFi is also installed! It is located very central (5th arrondissement) and also is one of the safest neighborhoods in Paris. You would feel safe even when you come home late in the evening as the street is busy with many restaurants and cafes. There is also a botanical garden (Jardin des plantes) just 5 minutes away, so you can have a nice walk in the garden and check out the beautiful plants, and the
10276	We are just a few minutes away by walk from Olympiades (ligne 14), Bibliothèque François Mitterrand (ligne 14), Nationale (ligne 6) and Maryse Bastié (T3a). 90m² apartment, two terraces, a garden, huge living room, spacious kitchen, awesome roommates...! We have a queen-size pull out bed in the living room. We also have towels and bedding!	Comfortable living room in a big apartment, with your own bathroom and toilets.  Can host two people.  I am a 25 y/o PhD student away from time to time because of my research and I live with two young working women (26 and 27). We are just a few minutes away by walk from Olympiades (ligne 14), Bibliothèque François Mitterrand (ligne 14), Nationale (ligne 6) and Maryse Bastié (T3a). 90m² apartment, two terraces, a garden, huge living room, spacious kitchen, awesome roommates...! We have a queen-size pull out bed in the living room. We also have towels and bedding! You'll have access to the living room, the kitchen and a private bathroom and toilets. And also to a terrace and the garden! My roomates speak English, they're very easy going. They're both working but enjoy meeting new people. And if I am here, I'd gladly show you around or go out for drinks! You can go everywhere in Paris within a heart beat thanks to the ligne 14!  In the neighboorhood, we have plenty of great restaurants, 
10277	"Studio : 2 - 3 people - 248 ft ² 1 bedroom Open-plan kitchen 1 Shower room 1 double bed… or 2 single beds. 1 armchair-bed Best points about the property: "" Quiet In a recent buiding, no charges of electricity. Studio apartment for 2 people. Or 3 people maximum. Ideally located along the Seine Paris XIII (Rive Gauche). This little studio flat is located at 1st floor of a recent luxury building with modern elevator and access code. Metro, Quai de la Gare about 100 m. The seine river can be reached on foot. In the surrounding streets are the restaurants and shops. Scholars can reach National Library""F. Mitterrand "" by foot. The studio contains a fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, stove, microwave and kitchen equipment with a table to take your meals. A comfortable bedroom with a large window on quiet street and trees. 2 person separable beds, or 1 doble bed as you want, desk with wifi internet access, and TV . Bathroom newly redone with sink, shower and toilet.  The apartment gives"	"Studio : 2 - 3 people - 248 ft ² Open-plan kitchen 1 Shower room 1 double bed… or 2 single beds. 1 armchair-bed Almost on the banks of the Seine, close to the new night-club ""Wanderlust"" (sometime noise) in a secure and modern building. Studio : 2 - 3 people - 248 ft ² 1 bedroom Open-plan kitchen 1 Shower room 1 double bed… or 2 single beds. 1 armchair-bed Best points about the property: "" Quiet In a recent buiding, no charges of electricity. Studio apartment for 2 people. Or 3 people maximum. Ideally located along the Seine Paris XIII (Rive Gauche). This little studio flat is located at 1st floor of a recent luxury building with modern elevator and access code. Metro, Quai de la Gare about 100 m. The seine river can be reached on foot. In the surrounding streets are the restaurants and shops. Scholars can reach National Library""F. Mitterrand "" by foot. The studio contains a fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, stove, microwave and kitchen equipment with a table to take your meals"
10278	* Feel like your home ^^ in a charming studio which is well equipped, clean and bright. * Your ID/passport will be asked when you get the key.  * Check in and check out time can be flexible, just let discuss about it. * No alcohol, No smoking, No drugs in the appartment.	Charming studio ideal for a couple / group of friends. You have for your own the entire studio including a mezzanine, a sofa bed, a small lounge, kitchenette, bathroom, large window and balcony with a view on  the Avenue d'Italie * Feel like your home ^^ in a charming studio which is well equipped, clean and bright. * Your ID/passport will be asked when you get the key.  * Check in and check out time can be flexible, just let discuss about it. * No alcohol, No smoking, No drugs in the appartment. 2 minutes walk to the Shopping Center Italie 2 and Chinese Town 2 minutes walk to the Metro station Tolbiac (Line 7) and Place d'Italie ( line 5,6,7)
10279	Dans cette chambre de 20 m2 se trouve un lit (140X190).  Elle peut aisément contenir un troisième couchage (fourni) pour un enfant. Vous y trouverez un bureau, de nombreux livres et BD ainsi que des rangements pour vêtements pliés ou à suspendre. Internet haut débit (fibre),wifi, une télé avec lecteur DVD, une enceinte pour ipod, une machine à café Nespresso y sont à votre disposition.	Dans cette chambre de 20 m2 se trouve un lit (140X190).  Elle peut aisément contenir un troisième couchage (fourni) pour un enfant. Vous y trouverez un bureau, de nombreux livres et BD ainsi que des rangements pour vêtements pliés ou à suspendre. Internet haut débit (fibre),wifi, une télé avec lecteur DVD, une enceinte pour ipod, une machine à café Nespresso y sont à votre disposition. Les voyageurs auront accès à une salle de bains privative avec baignoire et toilettes. Draps/serviettes de toilettes et produit douche fourni. Ils auront accès à une machine à laver. La chambre est le plus souvent disponible,semaine ou/ et week end. Mon quartier est familial et sûr, il est également en pleine mutation. Autour de la maison vous trouverez tous les commerces de proximité et en allant vers la Seine vous trouverez, des lieux de sortie. Il permet grâce à la ligne de métro 14 de traverser Paris rapidement et facilement. Ligne 14 métro Olympiades Ligne 6 métro National RER C Bibliothèque Françoi
10280		J'ai une chambre disponible pour des séjours courts à Paris. Bien situé, près du métro 14, vous êtes en 10 min à Châtelet. L'appartement est fonctionnel, cuisine équipée, pas de lave vaisselle, pas de lave linge en revanche (une laverie est en bas)
10281	l'appartement est en cours intérieure, il est très calme et lumineux.  appartement bien distribué et bien exposé.  la résidence est très calme, sécurisée et agrémentée par un jardin.  Quartier historique tranquille  sans problème de voisinages	appart de charme calme et agréable situé en cours intérieure donnant sur jardin, constitué d'une grande pièce (une cuisine un salon  une salle) une chambre et d'une chambre/bureau. bien desservi par les transports en commun. l'appartement est en cours intérieure, il est très calme et lumineux.  appartement bien distribué et bien exposé.  la résidence est très calme, sécurisée et agrémentée par un jardin.  Quartier historique tranquille  sans problème de voisinages appartement bien situé dans Paris . 10/15 minutes en bus ou en RER ou métro  pour se rendre à Châtelet et des quais de la Seine au cœur de Paris. quartier très agréable situé à côté  de l'hôpital du Val-de-Grâce,  près du Parc du Luxembourg,  du Panthéon , de la rue Mouffetard pour ses commerces  et son marché , de la butte aux cailles et du quartier chinois. A 10 minutes de la gare Montparnasse, de la gare d'Austerlitz et 20 minutes de la gare de Lyon par le bus 91 . près du RER B arrêt Port Royal  et du métro 7 arrêt les go
10282		70 sq / m apartment , with 2 bedrooms and one living room fully equiped. Bedroom 1 : one king size double bed  Bedroom 2 : 2 single bed Living room : one coach bed  Bathroom with tub and shower Independant restroom All
10283	Cet appartement de deux pièces, en parfait état, d'une surface de 57 m2 est situé dans une résidence calme, moderne et sécurisée du XIIIe arrondissement de Paris, à proximité des lieux d'intérêts de la capitale. Il se compose d'une entrée, d'un grand séjour/salon de 24 m2 (avec canapé-lit deux places), d'une chambre (avec un lit deux places), d'une salle de bains avec baignoire, de wc séparés et d'une cuisine équipée (four, frigo et congélateur, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes). Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement lorsque je le loue sans l'occuper, ainsi qu'à la totalité des équipements. Idéalement localisé dans Paris, dans une résidence moderne, parfaitement calme et arborée (avec jardin privatif pour les résidents), cet appartement est proche des commerces et de toutes les commodités (supermarchés, boulangeries, pharmacies, fleuristes, restaurants, brasseries...).  A quelques minutes à pied, se trouvent le quartier typique de la Butte aux cailles, réputé po	Cet appartement de deux pièces, en parfait état, d'une surface de 57 m2 est situé dans une résidence calme, moderne et sécurisée du 13e arrondissement de Paris, à proximité du 5e et des lieux d'intérêts de la capitale. Cet appartement de deux pièces, en parfait état, d'une surface de 57 m2 est situé dans une résidence calme, moderne et sécurisée du XIIIe arrondissement de Paris, à proximité des lieux d'intérêts de la capitale. Il se compose d'une entrée, d'un grand séjour/salon de 24 m2 (avec canapé-lit deux places), d'une chambre (avec un lit deux places), d'une salle de bains avec baignoire, de wc séparés et d'une cuisine équipée (four, frigo et congélateur, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes). Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement lorsque je le loue sans l'occuper, ainsi qu'à la totalité des équipements. Idéalement localisé dans Paris, dans une résidence moderne, parfaitement calme et arborée (avec jardin privatif pour les résidents), cet appartement est proche
10284	Very nice studio, only two minutes walk to the wonderful Montsouris Park, one of the biggest green space in Paris. Nice balcony with a peaceful vue. 	Charmant studio de 28m2, récemment rénové, au coeur de Paris, situé à deux pas du parc Montsouris. Bouteilles d'eau, sodas, savon et des miniatures de shampoing et de gel douches vous seront offerts à votre arrivée. Very nice studio, only two minutes walk to the wonderful Montsouris Park, one of the biggest green space in Paris. Nice balcony with a peaceful vue.  Totally furnished, this studio is perfect for one or two travelers. It includes TV + cable channels, internet Wifi access.  Equipments : TV, toaster, microwave, washing machine (laundry), fridge/freezer and a convertible couch that can sleep two people...  Bulding has 2 elevators and is accessible to wheel chairs.  Two minutes walk from the studio : Bakery, pizzas, restaurants, post office, tobacco shop, laundry service, supermarket and grocery store.  Transports  Bus : 21 / 62 / 67  RER : B (Cite Universaire) Metro : 6 (Glacière)
10285	At the 12th floor of a building in the 13th district in Paris, this 3-bedroom appartment very clean, very bright is ideally located at Place d'Italie with an awesome view on the Eiffel Tower, the Panthéon, the Invalides... You will be able to move around the city very easily thanks to the numerous metro and buses lines (Metro: 5, 6, 7 and 14 - Buses: 27, 83, 46), a taxi spot and a Velib station. A big mall (fnac, Printemps and other stores) is with 3-minutes walk, as well as bars, cinemas, Mc Donalds. You will enjoy a room with double glize, a 1-person bed with a brand new matress, high-speed internet (with wifi) access and the appartment equipments (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, microwave, ...)	At the 12th floor of a building in the 13th district in Paris, this 3-bedroom appartment very clean, very bright is ideally located at Place d'Italie with an awesome view on the Eiffel Tower, the Panthéon, the Invalides... You will be able to move around the city very easily thanks to the numerous metro and buses lines (Metro: 5, 6, 7 and 14 - Buses: 27, 83, 46), a taxi spot and a Velib station. A big mall (fnac, Printemps and other stores) is with 3-minutes walk, as well as bars, cinemas, Mc Donalds. You will enjoy a room with double glize, a 1-person bed with a brand new matress, high-speed internet (with wifi) access and the appartment equipments (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, microwave, ...)
10286		Chambre propre et lumineuse à louer dans un appartement très calme situé dans le 13e à Paris, toutes commodités (métro Olympiade à 5 min, quartier chinois avec ses multitudes de restos thai et viets, place d'Italie à 5 min). Inclus: internet, cuisine
10287	l'appartement est uniquement disponible les week-end (week-end prolongés également) ainsi que pendant les mois de juillet et août à la semaine.	appartement familial de 80m2, une chambre adulte avec un lit double, une chambre d'enfant avec 2 lits simples, salle à manger avec divan(extrabed), salon. Situé près du métro et bus, de la rue Mouffetard et du Jardin des Plantes. Dans bel immeuble en pierre, appartement très lumineux avec vue. l'appartement est uniquement disponible les week-end (week-end prolongés également) ainsi que pendant les mois de juillet et août à la semaine.
10288		Très belle appartement ancien typique Parisiens avec une cheminée datant de plus d'un siècle ainsi qu'une vue magnifique sur des jardins et la TOUR EIFFEL. Aucun vis à vis, double exposition  dans un quartier pavillonnaire charmant.
10289	Appartement 50 m2 lumineux,2 pièces dont une chambre au calme avec fenêtres double-vitrage. Un grand canapé avec une literie très confortable pour 2, dans le salon et un rideau qu'il est possible de fermer pour plus d'intimité.	"Appartement lumineux, 50m2 , Parc Montsouris, Tout équipé, gardien, bus, tramway, métro au pied de l'immeuble (RER B), ascenseur , à 3 stations du Luxembourg ( quartier latin) en RER , Location : 4/5 jours minim Ménage: 30 euros. Appartement 50 m2 lumineux,2 pièces dont une chambre au calme avec fenêtres double-vitrage. Un grand canapé avec une literie très confortable pour 2, dans le salon et un rideau qu'il est possible de fermer pour plus d'intimité. La parc Montsouris est à l'arrière de l'immeuble: grand parc où il est possible de faire son footing , s'allonger dans l'herbe, avoir le sentiment d'être ""à la campagne"" à Paris. Les "" Catacombes "" sont ici ! A voir !!! Tout près, on peut rejoindre le "" quartier ""chinois du 13 ème et ses restaurants. En bas de l'appartement vous avez 2 bus ,(Opéra, les Grands Magasins Parisiens, le Musée du Louvre etc...),le tramway, et le RER ( métro rapide qui  traverse Paris )."
10290	"Welcome to Paris!  Located steps from Place d'Italie with its many cafés, you'll enjoy a quick stroll to the Latin Quarter. Easily accessible to all of Paris by the metro line 6 (direct ride to Eiffel Tower) and many bus stops. In addition to its proximity to the Latin Quarter, the apartment is located between the following ""off-the-beaten path sites"" of Paris.  - Butte aux cailles, this neighborhood keeps its village feel, and contains many great bars and restaurants. One of Paris's best-kept secrets!  - National Library and the banks of the Seine  - Chinatown with its delicious restaurants and grocery stores  - Bercy park and village This apartment is large enough to move around in- a rare find in Paris-- while keeping its cozy charm! You'll find a living room with a great couch that can be used as a queen-sized bed. In the bedroom, relax in the king-sized bed. Enjoy the full bath-- another rarity in Paris. And, of course, prepare your meals in the well-equiped kitchen. Located on th"	"Welcome to Paris!  Located steps from Place d'Italie with its many cafés, you'll enjoy a quick stroll to the Latin Quarter. Easily accessible to all of Paris by the metro line 6 (direct ride to Eiffel Tower) and many bus stops. In addition to its proximity to the Latin Quarter, the apartment is located between the following ""off-the-beaten path sites"" of Paris.  - Butte aux cailles, this neighborhood keeps its village feel, and contains many great bars and restaurants. One of Paris's best-kept secrets!  - National Library and the banks of the Seine  - Chinatown with its delicious restaurants and grocery stores  - Bercy park and village This apartment is large enough to move around in- a rare find in Paris-- while keeping its cozy charm! You'll find a living room with a great couch that can be used as a queen-sized bed. In the bedroom, relax in the king-sized bed. Enjoy the full bath-- another rarity in Paris. And, of course, prepare your meals in the well-equiped kitchen. Located on th"
10291	His beautiful surroundings  ( Montsouris park & old Buttes aux Cailles quarter)	His beautiful surroundings  ( Montsouris park & old Buttes aux Cailles quarter)
10292	Cet appartement, entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin, est très lumineux (6e étage Ouest), il accueille jusqu'à 6 personnes. L'immeuble est entouré d'espaces verts et très bien entretenu (concierge). On s'y sent un peu à la campagne tout en étant au centre de Paris.  Le grand salon double, doté d'une TV grand écran, ouvre largement sur un balcon fleuri de 12 m², ainsi que la cuisine-salle à manger, agréable à vivre et parfaitement équipée.  La chambre principale a un lit queen size (160) et son propre balcon, l'autre chambre a un lit canapé (2 personnes, 140) et une salle d'eau privée avec douche. Deux personnes peuvent dormir dans le salon (canapé-lit)  et une dans le bureau.  La salle de bains et les WC sont séparés. Les commerces sont nombreux à proximité, ainsi que les bars et restaurants. Le parc Montsouris, situé à 5 minutes, permet de se reposer après les visites qui se font aisément grâce à la ligne du bus 21 qui dessert tous les beaux endroits de la capitale (Quartier latin,	Notre appartement,  très agréable et ensoleillé, est situé entre la Butte aux Cailles et le parc Montsouris dans un quartier calme.  Proche du Quartier latin (15 ' en bus), il permet  de visiter Paris, de flâner et de se reposer (4-6 personnes). Cet appartement, entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin, est très lumineux (6e étage Ouest), il accueille jusqu'à 6 personnes. L'immeuble est entouré d'espaces verts et très bien entretenu (concierge). On s'y sent un peu à la campagne tout en étant au centre de Paris.  Le grand salon double, doté d'une TV grand écran, ouvre largement sur un balcon fleuri de 12 m², ainsi que la cuisine-salle à manger, agréable à vivre et parfaitement équipée.  La chambre principale a un lit queen size (160) et son propre balcon, l'autre chambre a un lit canapé (2 personnes, 140) et une salle d'eau privée avec douche. Deux personnes peuvent dormir dans le salon (canapé-lit)  et une dans le bureau.  La salle de bains et les WC sont séparés. Les commerces sont nomb
10293	Situé en face de la Paroisse Saint-Anne et doté de 2 balconnets, notre appartement est idéal pour profiter des plaisirs de la capitale !  Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (lit 2 places + canapé convertible). Tout équipé, vous n'aurez plus qu'à poser vos valises :) 	Bienvenue chez nous ! Nous vous proposons de profiter au mieux de votre séjour parisien dans un charmant appartement situé à 2 pas de la Butte aux cailles ! N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour tout renseignement :) Noémie & Julien Situé en face de la Paroisse Saint-Anne et doté de 2 balconnets, notre appartement est idéal pour profiter des plaisirs de la capitale !  Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (lit 2 places + canapé convertible). Tout équipé, vous n'aurez plus qu'à poser vos valises :) - Salon avec cuisine américaine - Chambre (lit double) - Salle de bain (douche, lavabo, toilettes, machine à laver) - Double Balconnet Situé Rue Bobillot, à 2 pas de la Butte aux Cailles, LE quartier charmant du 13è arrondissement ! Bus : 62/64 en bas de l'immeuble Métro :      - Ligne 7 : Tolbiac (6 min de marche)      - Ligne 5, 6 et 7 : Place d'Italie (7 minutes de marche)     - Ligne 6 : Corvisart (8 minutes de marche) Exposition plein Sud pour profiter du soleil tout au long de la jo
10294	Appartement très convivial.  Parfait pour 2 couples, entre amis ou en famille!! 4ème et dernier étage, vous apprécierez le clame de la rue et son joli coucher de soleil sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel.	Situated in the center of Paris, close to Buttes-aux-Cailles. 3 rooms : a living room with lounge / cooking friendly, 2 bedrooms with double bed and one SDB / TOILET. Total surface 50m2. Seen on the Eiffel Tower. 4th floor. Available baby bed.
10295		Bonjour, Je loue mon studio de 33 m2 (avec parking, ascenseur, au bas de la Butte aux Cailles dans une rue calme, cuisine et salle de bain séparées) cet été, à la semaine ou au mois. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus de renseignements.     
10296	I have just moved in this appartment and hope you will enjoy it just as much as the one I have rented before: The appartment is in the center of Paris, close to the old 5th arrondissement AND it is in one of its very rare towers, so that it offers from every room an exceptionnal 180° view on Paris and its monuments: la Tour Eiffel, la cathédrale Notre Dame, le Panthéon, Montmartre and its Sacre Coeur, le Panthéon, les Invalides, Beaubourg, la Tour Montparnasse, la Défense, etc.  In addition the appartment is large and confortable:  -1st level: one bedroom with double bed; one bedroom with two single beds, bahtroom -2nd level: large living room with kitchen and sofa bed for two - 3rd level: one large room with double bed or two single beds This is the place where I live, so it has almost everything you can imagine.	Fantastic appartment for 7 persons in the heart of Paris; rare and incredible view on Paris’ monuments. Two bedrooms with double bed; one room with two single beds; bathroom ; kitchen; well equipped; pool and sauna in the building I have just moved in this appartment and hope you will enjoy it just as much as the one I have rented before: The appartment is in the center of Paris, close to the old 5th arrondissement AND it is in one of its very rare towers, so that it offers from every room an exceptionnal 180° view on Paris and its monuments: la Tour Eiffel, la cathédrale Notre Dame, le Panthéon, Montmartre and its Sacre Coeur, le Panthéon, les Invalides, Beaubourg, la Tour Montparnasse, la Défense, etc.  In addition the appartment is large and confortable:  -1st level: one bedroom with double bed; one bedroom with two single beds, bahtroom -2nd level: large living room with kitchen and sofa bed for two - 3rd level: one large room with double bed or two single beds This is the place wh
10297		Dans un immeuble récent sécurisé avec gardien, cet appartement de 4 pièces est ensoleillé, composé d'une grande entrée, d'un séjour, d'une cuisine équipée, 3 chambres avec un lit double et 2 lits simples, possibilité de matelas supplémentaires, une salle de bains et Wc séparés. L'ensemble est propre et agréable. Métro à 50m Place d’Italie – Quartier Chinois mixes business with pleasure. Skirting the southeast edge of Paris, this neighborhood claims Europe’s largest Chinatown—bringing with it traditionally delectable Asian cuisine and delightfully crowded streets. Beyond the p(website hidden)s that dot its landscape, high-rise towers and brick townhouses. One of Paris’ hidden treasures, The Butte aux Cailles neighborhood is a hilly area in Paris’ 13th arrondissement, nestled in between the city’s biggest Chinatown district at Metro Tolbiac and the busy Place d’Italie. With its narrow cobblestone streets featuring quirky restaurants, cafes and boutiques La Butte is a village-like oasis i
10298	Studio with a whole kitchen equipment, dressing, small balcony, bathroom.	Flat entirely at the disposal of the guests, with a whole kitchen equipement (hot plates, fridge, cookware). Close to the subway line 14 and the RER C, with access to Louvre, Garnier Opéra, Notre Dame, Orsay Museum, the Eiffel Tower and Versailles.  Studio with a whole kitchen equipment, dressing, small balcony, bathroom. The guests have an entire disposal of the flat, and can also have access to a Paris guide and map, as well as an access to the coffee machine (unlimited amount of coffee pods). The host can come pick the guests from the closest subway station to the studio. In the neighborhood:  MK2 cinema Palais omnisport de Bercy  Bibliothèque Nationale  The Seine quays  Chinatown restaurants (Lao Lane Xang, Phobida)  Bars (Bateau Phare, La Dame de Canton)  Stored (H&M, Sephora, Starbuck)  Supermarkets with one at the bottom of the building (Monoprix, Franprix)  By public transports:  Cour Saint Emilion (line 14)  Châtelet Les Halles and the Centre Pompidou (line 14)  Opera Garnier 
10299	" This brand new studio (30m2) is well equiped with everything you need: - Kitchen with oven, microwave, ceramic glass cooktop - washing & dry machines - bathroom - all multimedia services (internet, wi-fi, iPod station)  This studio is close of every convenience: supermarket, restaurant, bike station ""velib"", underground station (line 7 & 14 wich well serve Centre of Paris(15min) : Louvre Museum, Les Champs Elysées, Arc of triumph, Pompidou Museum...)  This studio is near from Chinatown where you can find lot of famous restaurant recognized for their delicious and exotic food. You can also find two other famous districts of Paris: ""La butte aux cailles"" the historic town village"" and the Latin disctrict with outside markets, the Panthéon and ""jardin du Luxembourg"" "	" This brand new studio (30m2) is well equiped with everything you need: - Kitchen with oven, microwave, ceramic glass cooktop - washing & dry machines - bathroom - all multimedia services (internet, wi-fi, iPod station)  This studio is close of every convenience: supermarket, restaurant, bike station ""velib"", underground station (line 7 & 14 wich well serve Centre of Paris(15min) : Louvre Museum, Les Champs Elysées, Arc of triumph, Pompidou Museum...)  This studio is near from Chinatown where you can find lot of famous restaurant recognized for their delicious and exotic food. You can also find two other famous districts of Paris: ""La butte aux cailles"" the historic town village"" and the Latin disctrict with outside markets, the Panthéon and ""jardin du Luxembourg"" "
10300	"My room is cozy 13m2. The system sofa bed (technology ""La maison du convertible"") greatly simplifies life and quickly restores space."	"40m2 apartment located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris. I am sharing with a  roommate Basque. This is my room in question in this announcement. My room is cozy 13m2. The system sofa bed (technology ""La maison du convertible"") greatly simplifies life and quickly restores space. The bathroom has a large bath. Water relaxations is so good. I live in the 13th arrondissement of Paris between two very nice neighborhoods: the Asian and the Butte-aux-Cailles, with french accent. Subway: Line 7 station Tolbiac just down the residence, otherwise 5 min walk to Place d'Italie with lines 7,5,6 and 10 minutes walk to Line 14 Olympiades. Noctilien (Night Bus): N15, N22 passing through Châtelet and stop down to my place. The downside: I am on the 6th floor without lift but one day your legs will thank you for this courageous decision."
10301	Super calme pour Paris, belle vue sur l'eglise de la butte aux cailles. Tres pratique pour s'y rendre depuis Orly ou Gare de Lyon, tres pratique ensuite pour se rendre dans le 5eme arrondissement ou a Port Royal/Montparnasse Le salon/chambre contient aussi une TV 	Bel appartement avec un grand salon/chambre avec sofabed supercomfortable de 40 m2 et ma petite chambre.Cuisine independante. Wc salle de bain à partager (acces par ma chambre). Au pied de la ButteauxCailles. Ideal pour le 5eme arrondissement.  Super calme pour Paris, belle vue sur l'eglise de la butte aux cailles. Tres pratique pour s'y rendre depuis Orly ou Gare de Lyon, tres pratique ensuite pour se rendre dans le 5eme arrondissement ou a Port Royal/Montparnasse Le salon/chambre contient aussi une TV Leur chambre (qui est le salon ... Tres belle chambre donc), toilettes, cuisine. Et bien sur salle de bain (via ma chambre) A noter que l'appartement s'ouvre sur le salon Aussi souvent qu ils le desirent. J'habite sur place et y passe generalement la nuit sauf certains we ou l appartement est alors completement louable.  Les bars et restaurant de la Butte aux cailles. Les jolis petites maisons de la cité florale. Le parc montsouris a 2 pas. Le marché le dimanche matin. Le fait de pouvoi
10302	This studio flat of 30 m2 is situated on the 3th floor with a lift, full of natural light and ideal to enjoy the street life from the balcony Fully furnished with:       -double bed king size                           -TV                                                                  -Wi-Fi -dresser                 -big wardrobe                                           -washing machine                                                                   Ideal for couples, friends and business travelers who want everything at reach.                                 The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances:                                                                       -induction hub                                                     -microwave      -fridge                            and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home:                                    -toaster -kettle -iron     The property manager will greet you on arrival, h	This studio flat of 30 m2 is situated on the 3th floor with a lift, full of natural light and ideal to enjoy the street life from the balcony Fully furnished with:       -double bed king size                           -TV                                                                  -Wi-Fi -dresser                 -big wardrobe                                           -washing machine                                                                   Ideal for couples, friends and business travelers who want everything at reach.                                 The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances:                                                                       -induction hub                                                     -microwave      -fridge                            and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home:                                    -toaster -kettle -iron     The property manager will greet you on arrival, h
10303	Blanc et cosy/  Cet appartement est situé au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur, donnant sur cour plein sud. Il offre: - Une petite entrée, toilettes - Un salon/cuisine américaine  - Une chambre avec un lit double et salle de bain ouverte sur la chambre PHOTOS Les photos ci-jointes vous permettent d'avoir un aperçu, cependant il m'est de coutume de changer la décoration au fil du temps....... L' Appartement se situe à deux pas des quais de Seine et de la bibliothèque François Mitterrand/ situé entre l'ancien (quartier chinois) et le nouveau quartier du 13eme arrondissement.	Two-piece pure white, warm and cozy, very arty! Sleeps two quiet close to the Seine.    
10304		Bel appartement de 30m2 au pied des gobelins. Situé au deuxième étage, il se compose d'un séjour avec une cuisine ouverte, d'une chambre séparée et d'un salle de bain avec douche.  Il est parfait pour venir passé quelques jours à Paris.
10305		You could enjoy a 40 m2 studio as a whole in a totally new building at 100 m from the underground n°14 which is connected to the main points of interest in Paris (Louvre, Rivoli, Châtelet, Opéra, etc.)
10306	Large 2-room flat ( 55 square meters ) near The Panthéon, Rue Mouffetard, Jardin du Luxembourg, la Buttes aux cailles and the Gobelins.  Quiet and Bright, 4th floor of a modern soundproof building, balcony overlooking a large courtyard planted with trees. Fully equiped Perfect for a coupleLarge 2-room flat (55 square meters), minimalistic design, near La Butte aux Cailles, The Pantheon, Rue Mouffetard and The Gobelins. Quiet and bright, 4th floor of a modern soundproof building, balcony overlooking a large courtyard planted with trees.  Fully equiped : internet wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, flat screen TV 120 cm, CD/DVD/Blu-Ray player, coffee machine (Nespresso What else), halogen hotplates with hood, traditional oven, microwave oven. Perfect for a couple. Located in a shopping district, with 2 bakeries, one grocery open until 01:00 am, one butcher/cheese/delicatessen shop, one chemist’s, one hairdresser’s, one tobacconist’s shop, one flower shop, one ironmonger’s, 2 supermarkets 	Large 2-room flat ( 55 square meters ) near The Panthéon, Rue Mouffetard, Jardin du Luxembourg, la Buttes aux cailles and the Gobelins.  Quiet and Bright, 4th floor of a modern soundproof building, balcony overlooking a large courtyard planted with trees. Fully equiped Perfect for a coupleLarge 2-room flat (55 square meters), minimalistic design, near La Butte aux Cailles, The Pantheon, Rue Mouffetard and The Gobelins. Quiet and bright, 4th floor of a modern soundproof building, balcony overlooking a large courtyard planted with trees.  Fully equiped : internet wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, flat screen TV 120 cm, CD/DVD/Blu-Ray player, coffee machine (Nespresso What else), halogen hotplates with hood, traditional oven, microwave oven. Perfect for a couple. Located in a shopping district, with 2 bakeries, one grocery open until 01:00 am, one butcher/cheese/delicatessen shop, one chemist’s, one hairdresser’s, one tobacconist’s shop, one flower shop, one ironmonger’s, 2 supermarkets 
10307		The flat which has a very nice view of Panthelon is on the 7th floor of an apartment that states on Boulevard Arago. I share it with a PhD student like me. 3 mn  rue de mouftard  
10308	The studio is very luminous and comfortable. Nicely decorated, it is also well arranged. It is furnished with a double bed, a large desk and mural shelves. The kitchenette is equiped with two hotplates and the bathroom has a shower and a toilet. At the 4th floor, you can be assured to have tranquility. It is ideal for a couple or a traveler alone.	A pretty little flat, very quiet and luminous, awaiting to welcome you! Located near Chinatown and the Bnf, also close to the quais de Seine. It is very well connected to the public transports and surrounded by all the shops you might need.    The studio is very luminous and comfortable. Nicely decorated, it is also well arranged. It is furnished with a double bed, a large desk and mural shelves. The kitchenette is equiped with two hotplates and the bathroom has a shower and a toilet. At the 4th floor, you can be assured to have tranquility. It is ideal for a couple or a traveler alone. -free access wifi -two hotplates -fridge -microwave -towels -sheets I will remain available for the travelers, by phone or mail. If you wish to ask me about Paris or anything else, I would be glad to exchange with you. The flat is located between Chinatown and the Bnf. Chinatown is crowdy, full of life and animation. You have to go there to discover new flavours! La Buttes aux Cailles and it's numerous 
10309	Studio charmant dans un immeuble 1930 calme et très lumineux et meublé avec goût . Canapé-lit , commode , table et 4 chaises , cafetière électrique , micro-onde, linge de maison, frigo-congelo. Télévision ADSL, internet.	Ce charmant appartement de 19m² situé à 100m du métro Bibliothèque dans le nouveau quartier rive gauche avec un vaste campus universitaire et de nombreux équipement de loisirs,13 salles de cinéma,une piscine sur la seine  proche du beau parc de Bercy Studio charmant dans un immeuble 1930 calme et très lumineux et meublé avec goût . Canapé-lit , commode , table et 4 chaises , cafetière électrique , micro-onde, linge de maison, frigo-congelo. Télévision ADSL, internet. Métro Bibliothèque face au studio, nombreux commerces, grandes surfaces à 100m , 12 salles de cinéma, piscine sur la Seine à 8min, proche du beau parc de Bercy Accueil et visite du quartier possible. Nombreux transports :métro ,R.E.R, bus à 100m. Beaucoup de petits restaurants pour toutes les bourses. De nouveaux commerces s'installent régulièrement. Très près de la place d’Italie.  A 15 minutes du quartier Mouffetard d'une part et d'autre part de la Butte aux Cailles. Ce nouveau quartier Rive Gauche est en plein essor ave
10310		Situé a la limite du 14 eme arrondissement a deux pas de la place Denfert Rochereau et a coté du quartier latin des gobelins, découvrez ce 3 pièces de 70 m2 face au métro glacière ( ligne 6 pour la tour Effeil et les Champs Elysées sans changement)
10311	Studio located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris (Chinatown) Down home, you will find a bakery, pharmacy, grocery, Chinese restaurants, French, Italian, and especially Parisian brasserie subway stop, bus station & bicycle. At 3 minutes from the commercial center of the Place d'Italie. 10 minutes from Chatelet-Les Halles and Notre Dame. The apartment is a studio of 22m ². The bathroom includes shower, toilet, washbasin. The studio is separated into 2, comprising, on one side, a sofa bed or can be made to sleep two people, and the other a double (website hidden) with cable channels, DVD player, table available. Washing machine, fridge, oven, microwave, two electric The studio is equipped with floating floors and tiles in the entrance and in the bathroom. Bright apartment: 2 large windows + small window in the bathroom. Lots of storage!	Studio located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris (Chinatown) Down home, you will find a bakery, pharmacy, grocery, Chinese restaurants, French, Italian, and especially Parisian brasserie subway stop, bus station & bicycle. At 3 minutes from the commercial center of the Place d'Italie. 10 minutes from Chatelet-Les Halles and Notre Dame. The apartment is a studio of 22m ². The bathroom includes shower, toilet, washbasin. The studio is separated into 2, comprising, on one side, a sofa bed or can be made to sleep two people, and the other a double (website hidden) with cable channels, DVD player, table available. Washing machine, fridge, oven, microwave, two electric The studio is equipped with floating floors and tiles in the entrance and in the bathroom. Bright apartment: 2 large windows + small window in the bathroom. Lots of storage!
10312		Ce deux pièces très calme tout confort est idéalement situé dans un immeuble neuf.Très bien situé(ligne 14) permet d'être très rapidement dans Paris centre . Il peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. (Une chambre plus un canapé lit dans le salon )
10313	Studio tout confort. Lumineux. Capacité 2 personnes.	Studio à louer du 29/05 au 29/07/15. Métro Tolbiac/Olympiades. Lumineux, refait à neuf. 4me étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain. Proche tous commerces/restaurants/moyens de transports. Vélib. 15' du centre de Paris (Châtelet). Studio tout confort. Lumineux. Capacité 2 personnes. Quartier commerçant, proche de nombreux quartiers touristiques (15/20 minutes de Montparnasse, de Châtelet, de Bastille, de République Canal St-Martin). Métro Olympiades, Tolbiac. Bus 62 et 64. Tram T2. 20 mn d'Orly. Vélib. Quartier très vivant avec de nombreux restaurants et magasins.
10314	 AIR CONDITIONING &  STORAGE FOR YOUR LUGGAGE!!!! This beautiful 226ft² or 21m² + French Mezzanine. This is  studio just refurbished has a double bed in a French mezzanine, (1.40mt) and a double sofa bed at floor level. It can accommodate up to 4 people. The open kitchen is equipped with electric hob, wash machine, microwave oven and all you need for the occasional cooking. The bathroom is decorated in old French country style. It has a hair dryer, a towel dryer and a shower. ASK ME ABOUT TWO NIGHTS BOOKING. SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY, WE CAN CONSIDER IT!!! RATES from November 1th to March 31th  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 85,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 105,00€ p/ night RATES from to April 1th to October 31th FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 98,00€ p/ night  FOR 3 GUESTS = 118,00€ p/ night RATES FOR Christmas, New Year, Carnival and Easter FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 130,00€ p/ night  FOR 3    GUESTS = 155,00€ p/ night This Price Includes  Bed linen and towels, free long distance calls to Canada, USA, Europe, and South Ame	AIR CONDITIONING and  STORAGE FOR YOUR LUGGAGE!!!! This beautiful studio located at Quartier Latin can accommodate up to 3 guests . It is located in the very charming  Latin Quarter.  Near to the metro, nice shops and restaurants ! AIR CONDITIONING &  STORAGE FOR YOUR LUGGAGE!!!! This beautiful 226ft² or 21m² + French Mezzanine. This is  studio just refurbished has a double bed in a French mezzanine, (1.40mt) and a double sofa bed at floor level. It can accommodate up to 4 people. The open kitchen is equipped with electric hob, wash machine, microwave oven and all you need for the occasional cooking. The bathroom is decorated in old French country style. It has a hair dryer, a towel dryer and a shower. ASK ME ABOUT TWO NIGHTS BOOKING. SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY, WE CAN CONSIDER IT!!! RATES from November 1th to March 31th  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 85,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 105,00€ p/ night RATES from to April 1th to October 31th FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 98,00€ p/ night  FOR 3 GUESTS = 118,00€ p/ n
10315	"You will feel at home in our large family house (210 sqm) with a garden and 3 terrasses.  We live here so it's fully equiped. The area is very convenient, both lively and very quiet, with a countryside feeling at the heart of Paris. You will find all grocery shopping within 1-3 mns walk, and all main sightseeing can be reached by metro/velib/autolib within 15-30mn.  The house is spacious and  - Ground floor : large living room, open kitchen, ""music room"" with convertible sofa for 2, bathroom. Around a nice small garden where you can dine out in the summer. - 1st floor : the 3 comfortable rooms of our kids. Single beds with possibility to add mattresses for more people. 1 independant bedroom, 1 shower in one of the rooms.  - 2nd floor : parents bedroom with individual bathroom and terrasse, 1 double bedroom. - 3rd floor : another beautiful living room with a kitchen and nice terrasse , roof view over the neighborhood, amazing to relax at any time of the day."	"Live like a true parisian in our charming familly house  : a garden, 3 terraces, Paris-roofs view and enough space for everybody to relax after a busy day.  In the village atmosphere of ""Butte aux Cailles"", 15-30 mns from all sightseeing in Paris. You will feel at home in our large family house (210 sqm) with a garden and 3 terrasses.  We live here so it's fully equiped. The area is very convenient, both lively and very quiet, with a countryside feeling at the heart of Paris. You will find all grocery shopping within 1-3 mns walk, and all main sightseeing can be reached by metro/velib/autolib within 15-30mn.  The house is spacious and  - Ground floor : large living room, open kitchen, ""music room"" with convertible sofa for 2, bathroom. Around a nice small garden where you can dine out in the summer. - 1st floor : the 3 comfortable rooms of our kids. Single beds with possibility to add mattresses for more people. 1 independant bedroom, 1 shower in one of the rooms.  - 2nd floor : parent"
10316	"A nice apartment with bedroom and living room, open kitchen, bathroom (shower), very homy, in a nice neighborhood 10 minutes away from the rue Mouffetard (Latin Quarter) and close to the city centre (2 metro lines). Nice view from the window. A little park nearby. Wi-fi available.   I lik the quiet and homy atmosphere of my neighborood, the little park nearby (square Croulebarbe) and the lively atmosphere of the Butte aux Cailles just 5 minutes away, with many bars and restaurants with an authentic  ""old Paris"" atmosphere. You are just ten minutes walk away from the rue Mouffetard (Latin Quarter)."	"A nice apartment with bedroom and living room, open kitchen, bathroom (shower), very homy, in a nice neighborhood, very easy to reach from both airports. Close to the Latin Quarter and the city centre.  Wi-fi.  No last-minute or multiple booking pls. I lik the quiet and homy atmosphere of my neighborood, the little park nearby (square Croulebarbe) and the lively atmosphere of the Butte aux Cailles just 5 minutes away, with many bars and restaurants with an authentic  ""old Paris"" atmosphere. You are just ten minutes walk away from the rue Mouffetard (Latin Quarter)."
10317		Studio 75013 Paris
10318	The apartment shows the aft cabin where the bedroom is located and the spacious forward salon, bathroom, and kitchen totaling about 646 sq.ft. Television, and DVD player, washing machine,dryer,  disher, linen, tableware and other appliance such as steam cooker, hair dryer, iron are provided. Water and electricity comes from the mains. The Salon: The large living room is comfortably furnished. In the salon, two indonesian armchairs give comfortable seating for a coffee around the coffee table and a sofa for watching the television . The dining area includes a wooden table with six seats. Harmony of wood and brass create a confortable boat atmosphere. The Sleeping accomodations (sleep 6 to 7) There are three possibilities offered (according to the number of guests) : - A Bedroom in the aft with a double bed, wardrobe and a little futton. - A boat-style closed cabin with a double bed and a wardrobe in an recess in the Salon. - Located in the living area is a bed-settee which converts to a	Welcome aboard  !. With cosy quarters and terrace a great location at the heart of Paris.Your truly unique apartment-boat provides the relaxing sensation of sailing  in Paris. There will be no other guests aboard making the place feel like your own. The apartment shows the aft cabin where the bedroom is located and the spacious forward salon, bathroom, and kitchen totaling about 646 sq.ft. Television, and DVD player, washing machine,dryer,  disher, linen, tableware and other appliance such as steam cooker, hair dryer, iron are provided. Water and electricity comes from the mains. The Salon: The large living room is comfortably furnished. In the salon, two indonesian armchairs give comfortable seating for a coffee around the coffee table and a sofa for watching the television . The dining area includes a wooden table with six seats. Harmony of wood and brass create a confortable boat atmosphere. The Sleeping accomodations (sleep 6 to 7) There are three possibilities offered (according t
10319	Beautiful and colored flat with wooden floor, fireplaces, ceiling lights. Open-plan and equipped kitchen (oven, micro-oven, fridge, toaster...). Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Large bedroom (double bed/baby bed, bookcase).	District Butte aux Cailles (Paris 13). Métros Tolbiac / Place d'Italie. In a very calm garden, very close to metros, a charming and comfortable flat.  Bedroom (double bed/baby bed), sofa bed in the living-room. Equipped kitchen. Bathroom (bathtub). Beautiful and colored flat with wooden floor, fireplaces, ceiling lights. Open-plan and equipped kitchen (oven, micro-oven, fridge, toaster...). Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Large bedroom (double bed/baby bed, bookcase). All the place. Next to la Butte-aux cailles (typical district with lovely houses and pubs) and chinatown (many tasty restaurants). Big commercial center (Italie 2). Organic food around. Markets. Parks. Very close to métros Tolbiac (2 minutes) and Place d'Italie (8 minutes). Bus  (27, 47, 62...) to go to Chatelet, Luxembourg garden, Louvre... Babies are welcome (baby bed, baby changing table, pot, stroller...)  Sheets and towels on request. Cleaning option on request.
10320		Le charme à la française : Appartement de 80 m2 dans un square privé. Très calme. A 10 minutes à pieds du panthéon, jardin du luxembourg. Balcon sud. Ascenceur. Double living. Deux chambres doubles. Une salle de bain avec baignoire. WC séparés.
10321	"Superb 25 sqm studio next to Jardin des Plantes, Bibliothèque Nationale and Bercy.  Situated in a calm modern building, with an elevator and a gym space, the flat is located on the attic and opens on a 12 sqm terrace heading south. A high ceiling and a large bay window allows it to be filled by natural daylight while offering a splendid skyview over the neighborhood and the Seine river. Two steps away from metro Quai de la gare and Gare d'Austerlitz, you are in the newest part of Paris, between Cité de la Mode et du Design, Bercy and the Bibliothèque Nationale de France. The neighborhood is lively and beloved by locals as the new ""Quartier Latin"". This appartment is equiped with a fully functional kitchen, a large bed (180*200 cm also called Kingsize, I provide bedding, i.e. sheets, pillows and blanket), a bathroom (I provide shower gel, towels and even a hairdryer) and toilets (with paper). High speed internet and wifi is available as well as a small HiFi system. In the kitchen, you w"	"Modern studio flat with a large sliding window and a nice terrace in a very recent building. Its interior design was inspired by a famous painting by Kandinsky - Yellow Red Blue - which you'll probably come to see in real by visiting Pompidou museum. Superb 25 sqm studio next to Jardin des Plantes, Bibliothèque Nationale and Bercy.  Situated in a calm modern building, with an elevator and a gym space, the flat is located on the attic and opens on a 12 sqm terrace heading south. A high ceiling and a large bay window allows it to be filled by natural daylight while offering a splendid skyview over the neighborhood and the Seine river. Two steps away from metro Quai de la gare and Gare d'Austerlitz, you are in the newest part of Paris, between Cité de la Mode et du Design, Bercy and the Bibliothèque Nationale de France. The neighborhood is lively and beloved by locals as the new ""Quartier Latin"". This appartment is equiped with a fully functional kitchen, a large bed (180*200 cm also call"
10322	Close to Place d'Italie (150m), Avenue des Gobelins, 5mns walk from Jardin des Plantes and the Seine, you can catch more than 5 metro lines and 7 buses with restaurants, shops, cinemas, close to the river and rue Mouffetard (10mns walk). Short bus ride or cycle to the famous quartier Latin, you'll be delighted to discover the luscious food market on tues-friday-sunday just around the corner (boulevard Blanqui). The apartment is 33sqm, one big bedroom, it is very bright and cozy, fully equipped with a separated kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Has Wifi and TV international free phone, it has a big room with a double sofa + separate mattress to add a guest. Harwood floors and high ceiling, and 2 double full height windows, will give you the full parisian experience for your vacation.	Close to Place d'Italie Avenue des Gobelins, walk to Jardin des Plantes, this flat has a true left bank feeling. French windows and new fully equipped kitchen with all necessities, this bright one bedroom is ideal for a couple or 2 friends. Close to Place d'Italie (150m), Avenue des Gobelins, 5mns walk from Jardin des Plantes and the Seine, you can catch more than 5 metro lines and 7 buses with restaurants, shops, cinemas, close to the river and rue Mouffetard (10mns walk). Short bus ride or cycle to the famous quartier Latin, you'll be delighted to discover the luscious food market on tues-friday-sunday just around the corner (boulevard Blanqui). The apartment is 33sqm, one big bedroom, it is very bright and cozy, fully equipped with a separated kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Has Wifi and TV international free phone, it has a big room with a double sofa + separate mattress to add a guest. Harwood floors and high ceiling, and 2 double full height windows, will
10323		Je débute sur Airbnb  ! Appartement avec vue sur tout Paris. Mezzanine et canapé idéal pour un séjour en amoureux  État impeccable quartier très recherché
10324	Grand studio agréable et confortable, pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  Il comprend :  Une cuisine avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner (plaque de cuisson, micro-onde, four frigo, vaisselles)  Une salle de bain (avec baignoire). Serviettes et sèche cheveux.  La chambre est en mezzanine avec un futon pour 2 personnes, le linge de lit est fourni.  Il y a un espace où prendre les repas et un espace cosy pour lire, se reposer dans le canapé. 	Grand studio agréable et confortable, pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  Il comprend :  Une cuisine avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner (plaque de cuisson, micro-onde, four frigo, vaisselles)  Une salle de bain (avec baignoire). Serviettes et sèche cheveux.  La chambre est en mezzanine avec un futon pour 2 personnes, le linge de lit est fourni.  Il y a un espace où prendre les repas et un espace cosy pour lire, se reposer dans le canapé. Cuisine, baignoire, sèche cheveux, wifi, lave linge. Je suis joignable par téléphone pour toute question pendant le séjour, il ne faut pas hésiter! Restaurant, cafés, bars font du quartier un endroit animé et singulier.  La Butte aux cailles ressemble à un village dans la ville. Pour l'aspect pratique, il y a de nombreux commerçants de qualité ainsi que le marché tous les dimanches,mardis et vendredis.  Enfin, le quartier asiatique (restaurants, boutiques, épiceries) est tout proche. Proche des métros Corvisart et Place d'Italie. Les ligne 6, 5 et 7
10325	The flat is situated in a quiet area, right next to the busy Mouffetard street and 5 min walk from the Latin Quarter. You can enjoy the Parisian nights without being disturbed while sleeping! From the apartment you can easily go to the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg. There are some lovely bakeries, food stores, cafés and restaurants within walking distance that I can recommend to you upon your arrival. It is close to several transport links: Métros: Gobelins (line 7), Glacière (line 6),  Denfert Rochereau (lines 4, 6, RER B, Orlybus)  Buses: line 21 to go to Saint Michel and Opéra              line 83 to go to Invalides and Champs Elysées              line 91 to go to Montparnasse and Gare de Lyon train stations It is also possible to rent Vélib’ bicycles and Autolib’ cars. The apartment itself is very quiet and has lots of natural light as it is on the 4th floor (without elevator), and looks onto a garden on the opposite side of the road. The apartment sleeps 4 people comfortab	Charming newly refurbished and fully equipped apartment (37 m2) in an ideal location. The flat is situated in a quiet area, right next to the busy Mouffetard street and 5 min walk from the Latin Quarter. You can enjoy the Parisian nights without being disturbed while sleeping! From the apartment you can easily go to the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg. There are some lovely bakeries, food stores, cafés and restaurants within walking distance that I can recommend to you upon your arrival. It is close to several transport links: Métros: Gobelins (line 7), Glacière (line 6),  Denfert Rochereau (lines 4, 6, RER B, Orlybus)  Buses: line 21 to go to Saint Michel and Opéra              line 83 to go to Invalides and Champs Elysées              line 91 to go to Montparnasse and Gare de Lyon train stations It is also possible to rent Vélib’ bicycles and Autolib’ cars. The apartment itself is very quiet and has lots of natural light as it is on the 4th floor (without elevator), and looks o
10326	Appartement de charme des année 1930 lumineux de 50M²  . une grande chambre avec un lit de 1M40.	Appartement de 2 pièces située dans le cartier de la buttes aux cailles, a deux minutes du Metro Corvisart  ligne 6 qui dessert la tours Eiffel. Appartement de charme des année 1930 lumineux de 50M²  . une grande chambre avec un lit de 1M40. Appartement qui se trouve dans résidence calme et sécurise au 1er étage. Un lieu qui ne ressemble pas aux autres quartiers de Paris. Une vraie vie de petit village. Le soir, les rues deviennent festives par se nombreux resto et café sympa.  Diverse commerce a proximité : centre commercial ITALIE DEUX. marché fruit et legume le DImanche Metro Corvisart fermé pour travaux; Sation la plus proche est place d'Italie ou Glaciere a 5 m a pied; Bus 21 et 57 a 3 minutes a pied.
10327	La chambre à coucher est grande (25m2), avec un grand lit pour une personne, un bureau, wifi, 2 grandes fenêtres , un balcon avec vue dégagée sur Paris (exposition Est).La salle de bain est à coté (à partager occasionnellement avec une autre chambre quand cette dernière est occupée : il y a 2 chambres en tout).Tout est fourni :serviettes, shampooing, sèche-cheveux ...	La chambre  est située dans le 13eme arrondissement de Paris et à 50m de la station de métro Glacière (ligne 6) Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble années 70. La décoration est particulièrement soignée. Quartier pas pollué ,très vert ,calme La chambre à coucher est grande (25m2), avec un grand lit pour une personne, un bureau, wifi, 2 grandes fenêtres , un balcon avec vue dégagée sur Paris (exposition Est).La salle de bain est à coté (à partager occasionnellement avec une autre chambre quand cette dernière est occupée : il y a 2 chambres en tout).Tout est fourni :serviettes, shampooing, sèche-cheveux ... À deux pas de la station de métro Glacière . À 5 minutes  de l'hôtel MARRIOTT et de la FIAP  proche de l'hôpital Saint Anne , Cochin et Val de Grâce . À 5 minutes du parc Montsouris et de l'avenue Reille .  À 10 minutes de la Cité Universitaire . Je parle trois langues couramment : français, espagnol , italien, et je comprends l'anglais et le portugais . L'endroit est calme, 
10328	Renovated flat is very bright,  full equipped and close to all Asian and French trade.	"Welcome to my apartment of 70 meters located at the twelfth level with a superb sight on the 13th district.Convivial. Comfortable, securised and bright. Renovated flat is very bright,  full equipped and close to all Asian and French trade. The kitchen is equiped. The bathroom has a bathtub. i will clean the dishes. Private room with keys, for your comfort. Place in fridge only for you. Email, sms, phone, i will answer fast. I know cheapest transports, according your needs. You will be able to be restored in Lao Lanxang Mondol Kiri, Tricotin and La Chine Masséna, and if you go there the evening, they often organize evenings karaokés. The famous pastry making of Yv Nghy.  Tea's lovers, nems, even, object in horn of buffalo or eager to perfect you with karaoké, you will find in this district your ideal market. The shop ""Tang Freres"" offer essentials ingredients to transform you into master chinese cooker. The  Asian decorative's shop will be a museum and cave of  Alibaba. Subway line 7 (P"
10329	Studio de 16m² avec salle de bain et toilettes peut accueillir 2 personnes ( lit double) appartement situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble Terasse 	Studio. Lit canapé deux places proximité métro 6 et métro 7. Studio de 16m² avec salle de bain et toilettes peut accueillir 2 personnes ( lit double) appartement situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble Terasse Accès à l'ensemble des pièces de l'appartement Je serai à la disposition des voyageurs durant la durée de leur séjour.
10330	This is an apartment of 517 sq ft with one bedroom and a living room, a spacious kitchen and a bathroom with shower. The whole flat has been renovated (September 2013). - Bedroom that can be configured with one queen or two twin beds, with a very good mattress; a big closet, a bench, a small desk. The bedroom opens out to a quiet street and a small garden. - Living room with a sofa bed for two (very comfortable), TV, Wi-Fi, telephone (for free), table, chimney. - Bright kitchen with two windows that can be used for cooking and taking meals, comprising a dish-washer, a oven, an electric kettle, a Nespresso machine (with a stock of capsules), some stock of food. - Bathroom with wall-hung toilet, an Italian shower, a washing/drying machine.  One of the main advantages of this flat is that you can virtually find everything you need in the immediate vicinity : bakeries, butcheries, grocery, fishmarket, two supermarkets, frozenfood store (Picard), wine merchants, beer merchant, bars and café	This is an apartment of 517 sq ft with one bedroom and a living room, a spacious kitchen and a bathroom with shower. The whole flat has been renovated (September 2013). - Bedroom that can be configured with one queen or two twin beds, with a very good mattress; a big closet, a bench, a small desk. The bedroom opens out to a quiet street and a small garden. - Living room with a sofa bed for two (very comfortable), TV, Wi-Fi, telephone (for free), table, chimney. - Bright kitchen with two windows that can be used for cooking and taking meals, comprising a dish-washer, a oven, an electric kettle, a Nespresso machine (with a stock of capsules), some stock of food. - Bathroom with wall-hung toilet, an Italian shower, a washing/drying machine.  One of the main advantages of this flat is that you can virtually find everything you need in the immediate vicinity : bakeries, butcheries, grocery, fishmarket, two supermarkets, frozenfood store (Picard), wine merchants, beer merchant, bars and café
10331	Il s'agit d'un grand T2 comprenant deux grandes pièces de 15 m² chacune, au premier étage d'un immeuble des plus charmants illustré par les photographies ci-jointes. La pièce a été refaite l'an dernier et il s'agit d'une très belle prestation (peintures neuves, moulures au plafond, etc), comme en attestent les différentes photographies. Elle dispose d'un grand bureau d'architecte, d'une table basse stand up, de nombreuses décorations (lampes, tableaux, etc.), d'un ordinateur et d'une imprimante en libre accès, d'une (vraie) connexion internet Free Haut Débit, d'un téléviseur écran plat Full HD, d'un grand ventilateur (colonne), d'une penderie dont les trois quarts seront seront accessibles, d'une planche et d'un fer à repasser et du linge de maison nécessaire. Je laisse également à disposition une mallette de poker ainsi qu'une guitare et un ampli pour les mélomanes sachant recorder et accorder l’instrument ;) La cuisine qui dispose d'une grande porte fenêtre et d'un balconnet, mesure 	Bonjour ! Je propose en location une chambre/salon de 15 m² dans une colocation (de deux personnes) ! Entièrement équipé, le grand T2 de 45m² est à deux pas de lieux hautement touristiques (Panthéon, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg..) ! Il s'agit d'un grand T2 comprenant deux grandes pièces de 15 m² chacune, au premier étage d'un immeuble des plus charmants illustré par les photographies ci-jointes. La pièce a été refaite l'an dernier et il s'agit d'une très belle prestation (peintures neuves, moulures au plafond, etc), comme en attestent les différentes photographies. Elle dispose d'un grand bureau d'architecte, d'une table basse stand up, de nombreuses décorations (lampes, tableaux, etc.), d'un ordinateur et d'une imprimante en libre accès, d'une (vraie) connexion internet Free Haut Débit, d'un téléviseur écran plat Full HD, d'un grand ventilateur (colonne), d'une penderie dont les trois quarts seront seront accessibles, d'une planche et d'un fer à repasser et du linge de ma
10332	The apartment has one main bedroom with a queen size bed, and a very comfortable sofa bed (also queen size) in the living room.   The kitchen with a bar-type table and six chairs is open to the living room, and perfect for a eating or having drinks at home.	My modern and comfortable one-bedroom home in the 14th arrondissement of Paris — a great base for your visit to Paris! The apartment has one main bedroom with a queen size bed, and a very comfortable sofa bed (also queen size) in the living room.   The kitchen with a bar-type table and six chairs is open to the living room, and perfect for a eating or having drinks at home. You have access to all of the apartment, just like at home – kitchen included!  Everything is equipped and ready for you to make your perfect cup of coffee (or tea!) in the morning just the way you like it, or prepare a dinner in the evening.  There's also a washing machine and iron, TV to connect your computer to, and of course high-speed internet (wifi or cable, up to you!). Bedlinen and towels are provided for all guests.  There is an additional air mattress in the apartment in case there are additional people. I'll be there to welcome you to the apartment as well as for the check-out, and I'll be happy to give y
10333		Location studio 25 m2, cuisine et salle de bains indépendants, 1er étage rue de la butte aux cailles, positionnement exceptionnelle dans un quartier typique et animé de Paris (style village). Possibilité de location à la nuit (2 à 3 nuits minimum)
10334	PASSEZ L'ETE A PARIS!  Joli 2 pièce meublé avec goût proche du quartier de la Butte aux Cailles et de la place d'Italie. Cuisine donnant sur jardin entièrement équipée. Salon avec grand téléviseur, canapé convertible et table recevant de 4 à 8 personnes. Chambre avec beau dressing et lit KINGSIZE. Parquet et cheminées. SDB avec Baignoire. WC séparés. Tout le nécessaire pour accueillir un bébé est disponible sur demande (lit, table à langer, chaise haute, jouets...) Wifi et charges comprises.  Draps et linge de maison fournis sur demande. N'apportez que vos valises! 	"PASSEZ L'ETE A PARIS!  Joli 2 pièce meublé avec goût proche du quartier de la Butte aux Cailles et de la place d'Italie. Cuisine donnant sur jardin entièrement équipée. Salon avec grand téléviseur, canapé convertible et table recevant de 4 à 8 personnes. Chambre avec beau dressing et lit KINGSIZE. Parquet et cheminées. SDB avec Baignoire. WC séparés. Tout le nécessaire pour accueillir un bébé est disponible sur demande (lit, table à langer, chaise haute, jouets...) Wifi et charges comprises.  Draps et linge de maison fournis sur demande. N'apportez que vos valises! Rue calme à sens (website hidden), restaurants, commodités en bas de l'immeuble. (website hidden) Blanche, tram Porte d'Italie et Porte de Choisy. Bus 47. Je suis disponible pour vous accueillir et vous donner les petits ""trucs"" du quartier! ""Le meilleur Bobun de Paris"" au pied de l'immeuble! (website hidden) L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pied du quartier de la butte aux cailles: (website hidden) Mais aussi de la place d'"
10335	Grand studio avec une grande cuisine équipée où l'on peut manger à 4, une salle de bain avec baignoire, un balcon.  Le studio est desservi par la ligne 6 du métro, le RER B (denfert rochereau ou Cité universitaire), les lignes de métro 62 et 21. Il y a une station vélib à 2min à pieds. 	Grand studio avec une grande cuisine équipée où l'on peut manger à 4, une salle de bain avec baignoire, un balcon.  Le studio est desservi par la ligne 6 du métro, le RER B (denfert rochereau ou Cité universitaire), les lignes de métro 62 et 21. Il y a une station vélib à 2min à pieds. 
10336	Lit deux places confortable. Grande fenêtre donnant sur une cour intérieure donc garantie de calme. Toilette et salle de bain séparée. Cuisine toute équipée et munie d'une laveuse. Appartement situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, cour intérieure et digicode. Comfortable double bed. Big window offering a lot of light and a view on a calm courtyard. Toilet and bathroom are separated. Kitchen is all equipped and have a washer. The apartment is on the third floor with elevator, there's a digicode and an courtyard.	Chambre lumineuse, silencieuse et confortable. Située entre la Gare d'Austerlitz et Place d'Italie. À côté des métros Campo Formio (ligne 5) et Gobelins (Ligne 7). A 15 min des Gares Montparnasse et de Lyon. Supérette en bas de l'immeuble (8h-22h). Lit deux places confortable. Grande fenêtre donnant sur une cour intérieure donc garantie de calme. Toilette et salle de bain séparée. Cuisine toute équipée et munie d'une laveuse. Appartement situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, cour intérieure et digicode. Comfortable double bed. Big window offering a lot of light and a view on a calm courtyard. Toilet and bathroom are separated. Kitchen is all equipped and have a washer. The apartment is on the third floor with elevator, there's a digicode and an courtyard. Vous partagerez la salle de bain, la toilette et la cuisine avec ma coloc. Les draps et couvertures sont fournis, mais vous devez par contre fournir votre propre serviette de douche. You'll share the bathroom, the toilet and the kitchen
10337	whole accommodation during weekends in July and August and a possible week in August (see calendar) The apartment is comfortable, quiet, clean	Two-rooms renovated located in a quiet residence on the ground floor. My home is near the 5th arrondissement, close to the subway and several shops and parks. whole accommodation during weekends in July and August and a possible week in August (see calendar) The apartment is comfortable, quiet, clean all parts I will welcome you to let you get the keys. An area near the Broca street, Royal / gobelins, Montparnasse and Mouffetard street, the Alesia district, catatombes, montsouris the park, campus, plant gardens, Panthéon, Sorbonne, Luxembourg garden. bus station 83 glacière / arago or 21 arago / Nordmann stop station. metro line 6 (glacière) or line 7 (gobelins) Near Gare Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon, Bercy station, Gare d'Austerlitz Near Orlybus (10mn) and Orlyval by RER B (Orly and Roissy) I have a cat but he will not be present in the apartment at your request unless you are a cat lover
10338	Appartement, 2 chambres, lits doubles, 1 salle de bain, 1 wc, 1 cuisine toute équipée, 1 salle/salon le +, 1 balcon donnant sur une cour d'école, hyper calme pendant les vacances scolaires. Exposé plein sud, vous pourrez pendre le petit déjeuner, ainsi que l'apéritif du soir, au soleil, sur le balcon.	"Très calme, situé au coeur du quartier chinois, cette appartement vous permettra d'accéder à tout les quartier parisiens en très peux de temps car situé à 10min des lignes de métro 5, 6, 7 et 14 Appartement, 2 chambres, lits doubles, 1 salle de bain, 1 wc, 1 cuisine toute équipée, 1 salle/salon le +, 1 balcon donnant sur une cour d'école, hyper calme pendant les vacances scolaires. Exposé plein sud, vous pourrez pendre le petit déjeuner, ainsi que l'apéritif du soir, au soleil, sur le balcon. aucune pièces n'est ""condamnée"" libre accès à tout l'appartement. si vous avez besoin d'aide, nous serons joignable, sinon la concierge de l'immeuble est très très très agréable. quartier chinois, vivant, plein de resto. proche Butte aux Cailles avec des bars sympa et une ambiance plutôt décontractée. metro 5,6,7 et 14 et TRAM à moins de 10 min à pied"
10339	AIR CONDITIONING   STORAGE FOR YOUR LUGGAGE!!!!   Spacious; just refurbished. Quiet, brand new atmosphere that comfortably accommodates up to 4 people.  In the ground floor, accessible only by a charming courtyard. The bedroom is in alcove style  and has a double bed. In the living room there is a flat-screen LCD TV and a 2 separates single sofa bed.  The bathroom has a hair dryer, a towel dryer, a washing machine, and a shower. There is a small American kitchen with all the necessary equipment for basic  cooking.  ASK ME ABOUT TWO NIGHTS BOOKING. SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY, WE CAN CONSIDER IT!!! NORMAL PRICE: RATES/November 1th to March 31th  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 98,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 108,00€ p/ night RATES/April 1st to October 31th and December 22 to 26  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 108,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 128,00€ p/ night RATES FOR Christmas, New Year, Carnaval and Easter FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 135,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 165,00€ p/ night The rate includes:  Bed linen and towel	AIR CONDITIONING   STORAGE FOR YOUR LUGGAGE!!!!   Spacious; just refurbished. Quiet, brand new atmosphere that comfortably accommodates up to 4 people.  In the ground floor, accessible only by a charming courtyard. The bedroom is in alcove style  and has a double bed. In the living room there is a flat-screen LCD TV and a 2 separates single sofa bed.  The bathroom has a hair dryer, a towel dryer, a washing machine, and a shower. There is a small American kitchen with all the necessary equipment for basic  cooking.  ASK ME ABOUT TWO NIGHTS BOOKING. SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY, WE CAN CONSIDER IT!!! NORMAL PRICE: RATES/November 1th to March 31th  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 98,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 108,00€ p/ night RATES/April 1st to October 31th and December 22 to 26  FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 108,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 128,00€ p/ night RATES FOR Christmas, New Year, Carnaval and Easter FOR 1/2 GUESTS = 135,00€ p/ night  FOR 3/4 GUESTS = 165,00€ p/ night The rate includes:  Bed linen and towel
10340	It's a lively flat with creative people living inside :-). Many books ans movies to read or watch. 	Private bedroom in a 3 rooms flat. You will share the flat with my lovely flatmate, Morgan, which is 31 years old.  It's a typical parisian flat, wood floors, cornices, fireplaces.  You can visit many places by walking. It's a lively flat with creative people living inside :-). Many books ans movies to read or watch.  You will have your own bedroom and share the living room with my flatmate (but he works everyday except sunday). Of course you will be free to use the bathroom and kitchen, we have everything you might need.  I would be happy to help you to discover Paris, give you advices, why not introduce you friends if you want to meet people :-) ! But you have to know that I won't sleep in the flat, that's why my room is available for you ;-).  We love to meet people and travellers. The area is really quiet, even if you're a girl you can walk alone in the streets by night, it's totally safe. There are many places to buy food, little supermarket. It's near the chinese area and near th
10341	The apartment has a large bedroom with a double bed, a large living / dining room (dinner sitting 5 - comfortable sofa 2 places), equipped and functional kitchen (coffee maker, microwave, toaster, kettle, electric stove with oven ...)  The bathroom includes a bath with washing machine. Separate (website hidden) Screen, Wifi ADSL.  Private parking in the residence also available.  This apartment is ideal for a couple / family wanting to live a pleasant and comfortable stay.	Very quiet on the 6th and last floor overlooking gardenFacing, the living room bay window gives access to a comfortable flowered balcony and landscaped. A few steps from la Butte aux Cailles (authentic small village in Paris) and Montsouris park...  The apartment has a large bedroom with a double bed, a large living / dining room (dinner sitting 5 - comfortable sofa 2 places), equipped and functional kitchen (coffee maker, microwave, toaster, kettle, electric stove with oven ...)  The bathroom includes a bath with washing machine. Separate (website hidden) Screen, Wifi ADSL.  Private parking in the residence also available.  This apartment is ideal for a couple / family wanting to live a pleasant and comfortable stay. To determine travelers but flexibility. A few steps from la Butte aux Quail (authentic small Parisian village) and Montsouris park (ideal for jogging), the apartment offers tranquility and neighborhood life (range of quality shops, restaurants, brasseries, galleries .. ) 
10342		Welcome in our flat. I am living in this 70m² with my girlfriend and we have an extra
10343		Enjoy your stay in Paris during the most beautiful fall season! The studio is situated in the 13th district, surrounded by an authentic Parisian feeling with little bars, cafés & restaurants all around - the famous Butte aux Cailles: (website hidden) Feel completely independent as you have the entire studio to yourself, including a little kitchen & a separate bathroom. Enjoy the authentic Parisian charm while staying in the city, 2 markets with fresh farmer's products invite to indulge! The studio is close to various Metro stations: Corvirsart (3 minutes walking, line M6) & Place d'Italie (6 minutes walking, with lines M6, M5 & M7), just about 10-15 minutes away from the very city centre
10344	Immeuble situé dans le 13 ème arrondissement entre le  quartier Chinois aux nombreux  restaurants et un  typique quartier parisien La Butte au Cailles aux nombreux bistros et restaurants avec une vie nocturne vivante : autres quartiers :Le quartier de La  Grande Bibliothèque :le typique quartier Mouffetard	appartement  60 m²:situé au   25 ème étage: idéal  pour une long séjour :cuisine équipée ;chambre ;grand salon salle à manger; salle de bain avec baignoire ;entrée; dressing: WC :parquet: double vitrage: TV chaines Françaises et internationales :WIFI Immeuble situé dans le 13 ème arrondissement entre le  quartier Chinois aux nombreux  restaurants et un  typique quartier parisien La Butte au Cailles aux nombreux bistros et restaurants avec une vie nocturne vivante : autres quartiers :Le quartier de La  Grande Bibliothèque :le typique quartier Mouffetard sans sortir à l'extérieur de l'immeuble accès au centre commercial Italie2 :nombreux commerces un grand Carrefour Market ;le magasin Le Printemps :La Fnac etc  grand marché les mardi-vendredi-dimanche Parisien de souche je connais bien cette ville   je  souhaite faire partager à mes hôtes ma connaissance de  Paris l'insolite de la capital hors des circuits touristiques quartier  populaire, bourgeois, jeune, vivant très bien desservi par 
10345	Appartement de 40m2, 3 pièces, tout équipé et refait à neuf en juin 2015. Nous espérons que vous passerez un agréable moment chez nous. La chambre a un lit double, des volets et des rideaux occultants. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : four, plaques induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur, lave-vaisselle, machine à café filtre et Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-ondes... La salle de bain possède une cabine de douche et un lave linge séchant. Les WC sont séparés.	We live in our entirely renovated apartment since June 2015. We are really glad of what we have now: a cosy and charming place with a Scandinavian style. Thanks to an optimal access, you will easily enjoy the Parisian life as if you were one!
10346	Charmant et situé dans un immeuble parisien. Très calme, idéal pour se reposer. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Français, anglais sont parlés couramment.	Charmant et situé dans un immeuble parisien situé dans le 13e arrondissement. Très calme, idéal pour se reposer. 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Français, anglais sont parlés couramment. J'accueille personnellement tous les voyageurs. Si vous avez des demandes / attentes spécifiques, n'hésitez pas à me contacter. Quartier idéal pour les personnes souhaitant visiter Paris.  L'appartement se situe à côté du jardin des plantes, de la grande Mosquée de Paris, de la rue Mouffetard, du Panthéon, et des arènes de Lutèce. Il est également proche des Quais de Bercy et de la Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Pour les amateurs de cuisines asiatiques, vous êtes idéalement placés dans ce quartier. Proche Métro Campo-Formio(Ligne 5, 100m), Nationale(Ligne 6, 50m) et Place d'Italie( Ligne 7, 400m). Proche Gare d'Austerlitz(Grandes lignes et RER C).   Les installations comprennent TV, WiFi.  Pour la salle de bain : douche, sèche-cheveux, serviettes de bain.  Cuisine : vaisselle et ustensiles, plaque de cui
10347	Balcon donnant sur une rue calme à sens unique. Table et chaises pour y déjeuner. 	Studio dans rue calme et résidentielle, à proximité d'un parc, et à 2 minutes du métro Les Gobelins (ligne 7), 5 minutes de Place d'Italie.  Commerces et restaurants, quartier à la fois animé et propre, à 5 minutes seulement du quartier Mouffetard. Balcon donnant sur une rue calme à sens unique. Table et chaises pour y déjeuner. La rue Croulebarbe a l'avantage d'être calme, tout en débouchant sur l'avenue des Gobelins qui est au contraire animée et riche en divers commerces. Le quartier des Gobelins se situe entre la place d'Italie (centre commercial, cafés et plusieurs lignes de métro) et le 5e (Mouffetard, Monge) arrondissement qui est plus ancien.
10348	Elegant apartment up to 4 persons (37mq), located in a quiet area between the 5th and the 13th arrondissement ( Boulevard Les Gobelins), next to subway stop Les Gobelins ( Line 7) and bus line 27, 47 , 21 and 83. Few hundred meters to Latin quarter , Pantheon, La Sorbonne,  Luxemburg gardens, Anthropological Museum, Garden plants, etc.	Elegant apartment up to 4 persons, located in a quiet area between the 5th and the 13th arrondissement ( Boulevard Les Gobelins), 50 meters to Metro Stop Les Gobelins. Elegant apartment up to 4 persons (37mq), located in a quiet area between the 5th and the 13th arrondissement ( Boulevard Les Gobelins), next to subway stop Les Gobelins ( Line 7) and bus line 27, 47 , 21 and 83. Few hundred meters to Latin quarter , Pantheon, La Sorbonne,  Luxemburg gardens, Anthropological Museum, Garden plants, etc. The apartment has been restored with great attention to details. Bright living room with a fully equipped kitchen, 2 adjoining rooms ( 1 double bed and 1 double sofa-bed), 1 bathroom with toilet a part. Washing machine, dishwasher, parquet, electric oven and microwave.  It is on the 1st floor with elevator, concierge and digicode. Internet Wifi included. In our Family we can talk with you in Italian, English and French. The Latin Quarter is one of the most attractive in Paris. There is ple
10349		I rent my sofa for people who want to discover Paris. I love my city, I'm happy to give some advise for tourism
10350	Comfortable apartment renovated in Paris 13th at 8 minutes walk from the station Bibliothèque François Mitterand, ideally located for vacation: - RER C leads directly to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Versailles Castle, and many other places. - The metro 14 leads in less than 10 minutes to Concorde, the Opera, the Louvre, the downtown neighborhood Châtelet, Gare de Lyon trainstation (5 min) at Bercy. The apartment is 50m² and has 1 bedroom, 1 big kitchen, a living room with a sofa / bed for 2 people, internet, fridge, stove, microwave, washer, linens, towels, tourist guides, etc. . Shops at the foot of the residence: G20, bakery, fast food.	Comfortable apartment renovated in Paris 13th at 8 minutes walk from the station Bibliothèque François Mitterand, ideally located for vacation: - RER C leads directly to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Versailles Castle, and many other places. - The metro 14 leads in less than 10 minutes to Concorde, the Opera, the Louvre, the downtown neighborhood Châtelet, Gare de Lyon trainstation (5 min) at Bercy. The apartment is 50m² and has 1 bedroom, 1 big kitchen, a living room with a sofa / bed for 2 people, internet, fridge, stove, microwave, washer, linens, towels, tourist guides, etc. . Shops at the foot of the residence: G20, bakery, fast food.
10351	46 square meters It's a loft with only one room with a lot of space. Very lightful 	My flat is located in a very pleasant and quiet place, near China town, and surrounded by a lot of different type of restaurants and shops. It is very close to the center of Paris, only 10mn with the subway Olympiades line 14 (only 1mn from my flat). 46 square meters It's a loft with only one room with a lot of space. Very lightful TV Wifi Fridge At the begining to explain everything! Near china town and very convenient to be quickly in the center of the city with thesubway line 14. Line 14 Tramway N°2 Subway line 7
10352	This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. The 20sqm balcony with an amazing view goes along the main room, from the kitchen to the living-room. This is THE spot to discover the roofs of Paris and its wonderful monuments ! This charming 80sqm apartment can sleep up to five guests. It features two separate bedrooms, a dining-room, a living-room, an open kitchen, bathroom but cherry on top of the cake, a 20sqm balcony accessible from the dining-room and the living-room. It has been organized with a garden table and two chairs, and with a lovely bench. The view is just amazing from this balcony : The Eiffel Tower, The Invalides Dome, the Val de Grâce Dome, the Sacré Coeur on the back… This is also the promise of unforgettable sunsets. You will keep your privacy as vegetation has been installed behind the bench and behind the garden table. You will be protected from neighbors and fr	Charming 2-bedroom 80sqm apartment to rent for five people in Paris - Butte aux Cailles. The balcony offers ands amazing view on Paris, from the Eiffel Tower to the Sacré Coeur !  This apartment is located on the 5th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. The 20sqm balcony with an amazing view goes along the main room, from the kitchen to the living-room. This is THE spot to discover the roofs of Paris and its wonderful monuments ! This charming 80sqm apartment can sleep up to five guests. It features two separate bedrooms, a dining-room, a living-room, an open kitchen, bathroom but cherry on top of the cake, a 20sqm balcony accessible from the dining-room and the living-room. It has been organized with a garden table and two chairs, and with a lovely bench. The view is just amazing from this balcony : The Eiffel Tower, The Invalides Dome, the Val de Grâce Dome, the Sacré Coeur on the back… This is also the pro
10353	Logement bien situé et bien aménagé.  Possibilité de se faire la cuisine. Facile d'accès	En plein centre du 13ème arrondissement, entre la Gare d'Austerlitz et la place d'Italie, charmant studio de 14,5m2, situé au 6ème étage dans un immeuble de standing, à proximité du Jardin des Plantes et de l'Hôpital de la Salpêtrière (5mn à pieds) Logement bien situé et bien aménagé.  Possibilité de se faire la cuisine. Facile d'accès Les Gares d'Austerlitz, De Lyon et Montparnasse Plutôt disponible et échange en anglais et allemand possibles  La tranquillité bien que proche des Gobelins et du Quartier Latin. Les commerces à proximité Métro :2 lignes 5 et 6 Bus 67 et 57 Ascenseur
10354	Beautiful apartment, 2 bedrooms with 2 beds of 140 cm, possible 2  mattresses extra, and the sofa (con fable for one person), a bathroom with bathtub, separate toilet, kitchen simple but well equipped, oven, electric kettle, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher , fridge. Massage table and yoga mattresses ... You will find in the apartment linen and towels, hair dryer. Massage table and yoga mattresses ... Entrance hall, living / dining room with large plasma screen(no channel TV but movies with DVD or computer), DVD player, books, music, internet access, leather sofa, large dining table and chairs. You will find also the base (salt/ peper/oil/spice/ sugar) for cooking and wash powder, sponge ... All rooms are very quiet and bright overlooking large garden in co-ownership, forget the big town after museums, walk or shopping...Appreciate green and sun in tranquility... Free access to the garden picnic lunch possible, tan or relaxation. Building with caretaker and intercom. Parking in the b	All of 70m2 apartment. Large French windows overlooking large private garden. luminous. Great location, easy access from everywhere, airport, metro and train.  Comfortable bed 140 cm in 2 bedrooms, (2 mattresses more). Good furnitures. Very safe area. Beautiful apartment, 2 bedrooms with 2 beds of 140 cm, possible 2  mattresses extra, and the sofa (con fable for one person), a bathroom with bathtub, separate toilet, kitchen simple but well equipped, oven, electric kettle, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher , fridge. Massage table and yoga mattresses ... You will find in the apartment linen and towels, hair dryer. Massage table and yoga mattresses ... Entrance hall, living / dining room with large plasma screen(no channel TV but movies with DVD or computer), DVD player, books, music, internet access, leather sofa, large dining table and chairs. You will find also the base (salt/ peper/oil/spice/ sugar) for cooking and wash powder, sponge ... All rooms are very quiet and bright overlooki
10355	Jolie Studette de 10m2, avec mezzanine très fonctionnelle. Convient pour une jeune personne  ou 2 amies qui se connaissent bien car la douche et le coin toilette + WC ne sont pas totalement séparés de la chambre.	Jolie Studette, bien entretenue,   claire et calme, située au 5ème étage sur cour sans ascenseur. Petite (9m2) mais fonctionnelle.  Douche, WC, lave mains et kitchenette.  Mezzanine avec lit 120 x 200 + sofa, table et penderie. Jolie Studette de 10m2, avec mezzanine très fonctionnelle. Convient pour une jeune personne  ou 2 amies qui se connaissent bien car la douche et le coin toilette + WC ne sont pas totalement séparés de la chambre. Réfrigérateur, wok électrique, bouilloire, cafetière, micro onde, thé et café, boisson fraîches et quelques petites choses à  grignoter à votre arrivée. Sèche cheveux, nécessaire de toilette, shampoing. Je vous accueille à votre arrivée je vous présente le quartier et je réponds à toutes vos questions concernant votre séjour  à  Paris. Je suis facilement  joignable. Le studio se situe Place de Rungis, entre la Place d'Italie,  La Butte Aux Cailles et la Cité Universitaire , à  proximité du Parc Montsouris, de Montparnasse et des transports en communs. M
10356	Logement tres bien placé et ultra sécurisé. En face d'un grand centre commercial de 80boutiques et d'un supermarché ouvert tous les jours jusqu'a 22h.  metro, poste et nombreux restaurants de tous genres dans le périmètre	Logement tres bien placé et ultra sécurisé. En face d'un grand centre commercial de 80boutiques et d'un supermarché ouvert tous les jours jusqu'a 22h.  metro, poste et nombreux restaurants de tous genres dans le périmètre TV Internet illimité  salle de bain  toilette  cuisine équipée balcon  tres bon rapport avec les étrangers, maitrise de l'anglais courant et intérêt pour les cultures étrangeres tres dynamique , la place d'Italie est un carrefour culturelle ou se mélange le monde asiatique ainsi que les parisiens bobos de la butte aux cailles  metro place d italie  bus (phone number hidden)
10357	The apartment is located in a residence with digital lock and security door. It is quiet, bright and comfortable The decor is refined in a modern and design style	 Loft style apartment of 50m2 with a large living room, separated bedroom with a double bed, a fully equipped kitchen a bathroom and separated toilet. All in a design and pleasant atmosphere with 5 large windows. The apartment is located in a residence with digital lock and security door. It is quiet, bright and comfortable The decor is refined in a modern and design style Travelers access to housing in its entirety as well as parking in the yard of the residence You will be 15-20 minutes by metro from the center of Paris and 30 minutes from Montmartre and the Eiffel Tower, for example, Bercy Village and Butte aux Cailles are just 10 minutes away. I am available before and during your course stay by phone and e-mail whatsapps. I'll meet you on arrival to hand over the keys and useful information about the apartment (wifi code, heat settings, security code, etc.) and recommend the restaurants and shops for you nearby The area is very commercial it is very accessible by public transport 
10358	My flat is very special because is quiet and you can enjoy the nice balconne 4 or 5 person can sleep 	50 m2 in Paris Nice quarter and very close to everything you can do in Paris. Every place ; Eiffel Tower ; Notre dame ; the Seine ; Etc....... My flat is very special because is quiet and you can enjoy the nice balconne 4 or 5 person can sleep  Wifi access Kitchen and laundry Like at home I will welcome the guests for the keys. I will not be there in the flat Bibliothèque Francois Mitterand is really nice Place Jeanne d'arc is really nice with 2 little markets a week (thursday and sunday) Nice platform to the Seine Bibliothèque Francois Mitterand : RER C and Metro 14 Chevaleret : Metro 6 Place Jeanne d'arc : Bus 27 and velib stations It's possible to smoke in the living room and the balconee But animals forbidden
10359	Cet appartement est calme, propre, rangé et possède tout le confort que l'on peut rechercher lorsqu'on est en voyage. Un balcon permet d'y prendre le petit déjeuner ou boire un verre à deux. Il est agréable de s'y retrouver après une bonne journée trépidante dans les rues de Paris!	"Tout confort et calme, avec une vue dégagée, ce studio est idéal pour deux personnes souhaitant faire un séjour à Paris. Situé proche du métro et des arrêts de bus, il permet d'être rapidement dans le centre de Paris.  Cet appartement est calme, propre, rangé et possède tout le confort que l'on peut rechercher lorsqu'on est en voyage. Un balcon permet d'y prendre le petit déjeuner ou boire un verre à deux. Il est agréable de s'y retrouver après une bonne journée trépidante dans les rues de Paris! Vous avez accès à la télévision (avec port USB), au lecteur DVD, et à la connexion WIFI. La cuisine est tout équipée, il y'a aussi une machine à laver/sèche linge. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Baignoire dans la salle de bain. Je me rendrai disponible pour échanger avec vous dans de courts délais et répondrai à toutes vos questions rapidement. Si vous le souhaitez, je vous transmettrai mes ""bons plans sorties"" (restaurants, bars, guinguettes, musées, boîtes...). N'hésitez pas à me pose"
10360	Petite chambre très lumineuse, au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble calme, dans une petite rue donnant sur l'avenue des gobelins, idéalement située pour atteindre rapidement tous autres quartiers de Paris.	Studio lumineux et accueillant, habituellement habité et donc rempli de livres et autres affaires rangées. Il y a une salle de bain privée avec baignoire et une cuisine. Situé dans une petite rue calme mais proche des commerces, cafés et restaurants. Petite chambre très lumineuse, au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble calme, dans une petite rue donnant sur l'avenue des gobelins, idéalement située pour atteindre rapidement tous autres quartiers de Paris. Studio entier A proximité de la grande avenue des gobelins et ses nombreux commerces, cafés et restaurants, proche du quartier Mouffetard, du petit parc René le Gall, et à quelques minutes en bus ou en métro du parc du Luxembourg, du Panthéon et du quartier St Michel ou encore de la Butte aux cailles. Métro 7 et nombreux bus à 1 minute à pied, station de taxis à 5 minutes à pied, on atteint rapidement n'importe quel autre point de Paris. Idéal pour y passer une nuit, mais légèrement petit pour s'y sentir à l'aise à 2 toute une journée.
10361		45m2 de type T2bis, comportant 1 espace salon, une cuisine type américaine, 1 chambre indépendante (lit 2 places) et 1 chambre aménagée (lit 2 places). Situé dans le 14ième, quartier très calme, proche tous commerces.
10362	FOR GAY MEN, GUYS GAYFRIENDLY AND NUDIST MEN. SORRY GIRLS, BUT I SHARE THE INTIMACY OF MY APARTMENT EXCLUSIVELY WITH MEN. Alain, gay man, film maker & photographer, propose a private bedroom of 17 square meters. Free access WiFi, Library, Gay TV Channels. 60 m2 apartment to share. 5th Floor (Lift), balcony overlooking Paris. EVERYTHING IS INCLUDED: BATH : Shower Gel, Shampoo, Towels... BREAKFAST : Tea, Coffee or Chocolate, Fruit juice, Bread, Croissant, Butter, Jam. Mineral water for the night. GIFT: A G-THONG / STRING OFFERED FROM A BOOK OF 8 DAYS OR MORE.	ONLY FOR GUYS : GAY MEN, GUYS GAYFRIENDLY AND NUDIST MEN. SORRY GIRLS, BUT I SHARE THE INTIMACY OF MY APARTMENT EXCLUSIVELY WITH MEN. FOR GAY MEN, GUYS GAYFRIENDLY AND NUDIST MEN. SORRY GIRLS, BUT I SHARE THE INTIMACY OF MY APARTMENT EXCLUSIVELY WITH MEN. Alain, gay man, film maker & photographer, propose a private bedroom of 17 square meters. Free access WiFi, Library, Gay TV Channels. 60 m2 apartment to share. 5th Floor (Lift), balcony overlooking Paris. EVERYTHING IS INCLUDED: BATH : Shower Gel, Shampoo, Towels... BREAKFAST : Tea, Coffee or Chocolate, Fruit juice, Bread, Croissant, Butter, Jam. Mineral water for the night. GIFT: A G-THONG / STRING OFFERED FROM A BOOK OF 8 DAYS OR MORE. Key you are given. You are free in your schedule to go out and go home. Free access to all parts of the apartment, but he IS NOT ALLOWED TO COOK. The atmosphere of the apartment is 100% gay, respectful, friendly, sensual and VERY QUIET. GIFT: A G-THONG / STRING OFFERED FROM A BOOK OF 8 DAYS OR MORE. U
10363	Nice studio 20m² located near the Latin Quarter. The studio is quiet and sunny. It includes a lounge with sofa bed, a kitchen, WC and shower room. The kitchen is equipped (fridge with freezer compartment, 2 hotplates, oven, microwave). I provide linens (sheets, towels, tea towels). See you soon.	Pleasant studio of 20m² located near the Latin Quarter. The studio is quiet and sunny. It includes a lounge with sofa bed, a kitchen, toilet and separated shower room. Nice studio 20m² located near the Latin Quarter. The studio is quiet and sunny. It includes a lounge with sofa bed, a kitchen, WC and shower room. The kitchen is equipped (fridge with freezer compartment, 2 hotplates, oven, microwave). I provide linens (sheets, towels, tea towels). See you soon. I remain available to answer your questions during your stay and advise you some sights and restaurants. Tourist district near the Latin Quarter and the center of Paris. Near the metro: Montparnasse Tower (10 minutes), Denfert-Rochereau (5mn), Gobelins (5mn), Butte-aux-Cailles (2mn), Eiffel Tower (15 minutes), Champs Elysees (20 minutes). Metro ligne 6 Metro ligne 7 RER B Bus 21 et 83 Thank you for arriving at 9 p.m. at the latest.
10364	Our appartement is quite big, quiet and sunny.	In a nice flat really close to different acces to travel around Paris (metro 6, 7 and RER B), enjoy a comforable room  Our appartement is quite big, quiet and sunny. Anyone who wants to share our appartement, if you want to be alone or if you want to share some moments ... It's up to you! It depends what they want and what we are up to do in the moment My neighborhood is really nice, there is many restaurants and parks. It's close to the center of Paris and it's not too noisy. It's really easy to come in this apartment, there is two Metro Station Glacière on the line 6 and Les Gobelins on the line 7 at 5mins, you have also the station Port-Royal RER B at 10mins, a plenty of bus and bicycle station.
10365	Au 4ème étage d'une résidence de standing, au calme :  60 m2 mobilier design, une chambre indépendante de 15 m2 avec lit double, un grand salon de 20m2 avec un grand canapé à angle pouvant accueillir deux adultes en guise de lit.  Cuisine avec bar et tabourets.  Terrasse de 8m2 avec gazon synthétique, tables et chaises en teck massif, vue sur hôtel particulier.  Résidence sécurisée, gardien 24h/24 La résidence comprend également un grand jardin fleuri...	Quartier Gobelins, à proximité du Val de Grâce, du jardin du luxembourg, du quartier mouffetard... Très bel appartement, lumineux, très calme, mobilier confortable et design.  Capacité 4 personnes.  Le +, une grande terrasse de 8m2 ! Au 4ème étage d'une résidence de standing, au calme :  60 m2 mobilier design, une chambre indépendante de 15 m2 avec lit double, un grand salon de 20m2 avec un grand canapé à angle pouvant accueillir deux adultes en guise de lit.  Cuisine avec bar et tabourets.  Terrasse de 8m2 avec gazon synthétique, tables et chaises en teck massif, vue sur hôtel particulier.  Résidence sécurisée, gardien 24h/24 La résidence comprend également un grand jardin fleuri... Accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement Accueil par mes soins ou remise des clés par le gardien en fonction du créneau Au sein du quartier des gobelins, à 5 minutes de la très belle rue marchande mouffetard, à 15 minutes à pieds de lieux hautement touristiques tels que le Panthéon, le jardin du luxembourg, 
10366		Appartement lumineux, typiquement parisien, parquet, 2 cheminées décoratives, et entièrement équipé (machine à laver, micro onde, four, congélateur, un lit double, un clic clac 2 places) dans le 5e arrondissement de Paris
10367	23m2 brand-new studio, close to the center of Paris (Port Royal Station). 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen (dishwasher, oven, micro-wave and fridge), with wooden floor. Wifi included.  5th floor without elevator. Very quiet neighborhood, 3 mins from Luxembourg Garden, 10 mins from Montparnasse, 15 mins from Chatelet-Les Halles. Many restaurants (Quartier Latin, Montparnasse), ideal for couple wishing to spend quality time in Paris !! Enjoy ! PS: very easy with the RER to come from both airports !! Studio de 23m2 refait entièrement à neuf, à proximité de Port Royal. Salle de bain séparée avec toilettes/douche/lavabo.  Espace cuisine avec lave-vaisselle, four/micro-ondes, et frigo.  Beau parquet en bois. Appartement très lumineux ! Internet wifi compris. 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Immeuble donnant sur cour, extrêmement calme ! Quartier central, à 3 mins du Jardin du Luxembourg et du Quartier Latin, 10 mins de Montparnasse, 10 mins (en transport) de Chatelet-Les Halles et de l'île de la Cité. Vous 	23m2 brand-new studio, close to the center of Paris (Port Royal Station). 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen (dishwasher, oven, micro-wave and fridge), with wooden floor. Wifi included.  5th floor without elevator. Very quiet neighborhood, 3 mins from Luxembourg Garden, 10 mins from Montparnasse, 15 mins from Chatelet-Les Halles. Many restaurants (Quartier Latin, Montparnasse), ideal for couple wishing to spend quality time in Paris !! Enjoy ! PS: very easy with the RER to come from both airports !! Studio de 23m2 refait entièrement à neuf, à proximité de Port Royal. Salle de bain séparée avec toilettes/douche/lavabo.  Espace cuisine avec lave-vaisselle, four/micro-ondes, et frigo.  Beau parquet en bois. Appartement très lumineux ! Internet wifi compris. 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Immeuble donnant sur cour, extrêmement calme ! Quartier central, à 3 mins du Jardin du Luxembourg et du Quartier Latin, 10 mins de Montparnasse, 10 mins (en transport) de Chatelet-Les Halles et de l'île de la Cité. Vous 
10368	Supermarchés et petits commerces de proximité, nombreux restaurants, cinéma MK2 à 50m et quais de Seine à 5 minutes (proche péniches type Batofar, Nuba, Wanderlust, etc).  Parc de Bercy facilement accessible à pieds (10/15 minutes). Quartier agréable à vivre ; le centre de Paris est à 10 minutes en métro (ligne 14), accès direct au quartier du Marais et à la rue de Rivoli. 	Quartier Bibliothèque F. Mitterrand, appartement très calme et lumineux au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Coin repas + cuisine, 1 salon avec canapé-lit, 1 chambre + piano, SdB + WC . Très bien équipé, tout confort, nombreux espaces de rangement. Supermarchés et petits commerces de proximité, nombreux restaurants, cinéma MK2 à 50m et quais de Seine à 5 minutes (proche péniches type Batofar, Nuba, Wanderlust, etc).  Parc de Bercy facilement accessible à pieds (10/15 minutes). Quartier agréable à vivre ; le centre de Paris est à 10 minutes en métro (ligne 14), accès direct au quartier du Marais et à la rue de Rivoli.
10369	Exceptional environment. The apartment opens onto a second courtyard with palm and cherry ; friendly neighborhood. Limit 5th Mouffetard market and Auguste Blanqui, cinemas, restaurants, well served in terms of transport. Capacity : 2 people.	Pretty 38 m2, bright, beams, floor tiles, in the heart of Paris, overlooking courtyard. Perfect for one person who love calm, greenery and cats of the court. NO SMOKING Exceptional environment. The apartment opens onto a second courtyard with palm and cherry ; friendly neighborhood. Limit 5th Mouffetard market and Auguste Blanqui, cinemas, restaurants, well served in terms of transport. Capacity : 2 people. Travelers will have access to one of the most charming areas of Paris, near the Mouffe, the Square René Legall. Several metro lines, bus ... A person will be present to show the place on arrival and departure.
10370		Idéalement situé entre le parc Montsouris et la Butte aux Cailles, 70m2 très bien exposé, parfaitement adapté aux familles : salon-salle à manger, chambre parentale, deux chambres pour enfants (dont une pour bébé), balcon et parking. Minimum 7 nuits
10371	. Kitchenette (frigo, micro-ondes, 1feu induction,...) .canapé d'angle convertible avec sur-matelas amovible .douche et wc séparés .connexion fibre internet	Studio petit (11m2) mais bien aménagé; exposé Sud, vue assez dégagée.  Situé dans un quartier pittoresque avec ses petites maisons, il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun: vous irez où vous voulez, facilement. . Kitchenette (frigo, micro-ondes, 1feu induction,...) .canapé d'angle convertible avec sur-matelas amovible .douche et wc séparés .connexion fibre internet Bien situé à 2 pas du square abbé Hennocques dans le quartier des Peupliers, quartier très calme et sans risques. Le quartier chinois et la Butte aux cailles sont à 5mn. Tout est à proximité.  De 2 à 5mn, bus (phone number hidden); À 5mn, métro 7 arrêt Tolbiac et tram 3;
10372	"For your next stay in the city of lights, we offer our charming 2 rooms in modern style for a total immersion in Parisian life. LOCATION  The apartment is located close to the Place d'Italie and Gobelins in a quiet and wooded street. You are at 15 minutes from all the attractions of Paris because of the many transports : underground station ""Place d'Italie"" and its many lines (5, 6 and 7), the Autolib and Vlib stations which will allow you to move easily wherever you want. The area has many shops (mall Italy2 with major brands such as ""Printemps"" at 5 minutes walk), a twice-weekly market and many restaurants with various specialties.   APARTMENT  A flat of 590 sq. ft. (55 sqm.) on the 4th floor with elevator composed of :  A large bright living room with its large windows opening onto a balcony  An equipped kitchen open to the living room  A large quiet bedroom overlooking the garden with a queen bed and TV  A large dressing  A bathroom with bath and large shower EQUIPMENT   Air Condit"	"Beautiful modern equipped apartment, well located, with a big living room, a balcony, full equipped kitchen, queen size bed, shower and bath! For your next stay in the city of lights, we offer our charming 2 rooms in modern style for a total immersion in Parisian life. LOCATION  The apartment is located close to the Place d'Italie and Gobelins in a quiet and wooded street. You are at 15 minutes from all the attractions of Paris because of the many transports : underground station ""Place d'Italie"" and its many lines (5, 6 and 7), the Autolib and Vlib stations which will allow you to move easily wherever you want. The area has many shops (mall Italy2 with major brands such as ""Printemps"" at 5 minutes walk), a twice-weekly market and many restaurants with various specialties.   APARTMENT  A flat of 590 sq. ft. (55 sqm.) on the 4th floor with elevator composed of :  A large bright living room with its large windows opening onto a balcony  An equipped kitchen open to the living room  A larg"
10373	Stunning two bedroom apartment with a very good standing at the 28 th floor where there is a breathtaking view.  It can accommodate 4 people. The price is all inclusive	Stunning two bedroom apartment with a very good standing at the 28 th floor where there is a breathtaking view.  It can accommodate 4 people. The price is all inclusive Stunning two bedroom apartment with a very good standing at the 28 th floor where there is a breathtaking view.  It can accommodate 4 people. The price is all inclusive
10374	55 sqm2, with a large living room, enlightened on both sides	A quiet street, the rue Cantagrel, nestled in the super vibrant Bibliotheque Francois Mitterand quarter.  You found us very easily with metro (Bibliotheque, line 14, the fastest in Paris), suburbs train (still Bibliothque RER C), or buses (phone number hidden) sqm2, with a large living room, enlightened on both sides The entire flat I will be available on my mobile phone during your stay :) The vast terraces of the Nuba and Wanderlust for relaxing with a drink or a meal. Before 18h, entrance is no problem. From 21, it will take a long time sometimes to participate in electro evenings that offer a breathtaking view of the Seine. Budget side, plan off because the drinks prices are quite high. Metro 14 Metro BNF/OLYMPIADES (Gare de Lyon, Gare Saint Lazare, Pyramides, Madeleine): 5 mns walk RER C BNF (Gare d'Austerlitz, Musee d'Orsay): 5 mns walk Close to Place Italie (10 mns with bus 27), connected to Line 5 (Gare du Nord, Gare d'Austerlitz) / Line 7 (Opera, Pyramides) /Line 6 (Bir Hakeim
10375	Welcome to a charming studio in the heart of the area of LA BUTTE AUX CAILLES.  It has a south-facing terrace overlooking a lovely place at the top of the Butte aux Cailles The studio is large : its size is 38 square meters.  It has a separate kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet . It can accommodate two people in a sofa-bed and a a third people on a mattress . It can even accommodate 3 persons more, but in this case, you have to bring sleeping bags !	Welcome to a charming studio (38 square meters) in the heart of the area LA BUTTE AUX CAILLES that has kept the soul of old Paris. Nice restaurants and bars. Can accommodate 2/3 people. 20 minutes metro ride to historical center, Eiffel Tower, etc... Welcome to a charming studio in the heart of the area of LA BUTTE AUX CAILLES.  It has a south-facing terrace overlooking a lovely place at the top of the Butte aux Cailles The studio is large : its size is 38 square meters.  It has a separate kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet . It can accommodate two people in a sofa-bed and a a third people on a mattress . It can even accommodate 3 persons more, but in this case, you have to bring sleeping bags ! It has a 48-inch flat screen connected to the cable, a PC with internet, WIFI. In the kitchen there is a hob, microwave , fridge, freezer and washing machine (with dryer). Towels, soap, shampoo, classical coffee machine, Nespreso, etc. You will meet me if you come before April 27 (the da
10376	"Ce studio de 30m2 se compose d'une cuisine séparée, une grande pièce avec coin chambre (lit très confort), canapé lit avec bon matelas et couette, salle de bain. L'appartement se trouve à 2 minutes à pieds du ""quartier-village"" de la Butte aux Cailles, très mignon avec des petits restos et bars très sympas. De nombreux commerces se trouvent à proximité immédiate :  Carrefour, Picard, Boulangeries, Fromagerie, Poissonnerie, Boucherie..."	"Près de la station Tolbiac (ligne 7) et à 7 minutes de la place d'Italie (lignes 5-6-7), ce studio de 30m2 se compose d'une grande pièce avec coin chambre (lit très confort), canapé lit avec bon matelas et couette, cuisine séparée salle de bain. Ce studio de 30m2 se compose d'une cuisine séparée, une grande pièce avec coin chambre (lit très confort), canapé lit avec bon matelas et couette, salle de bain. L'appartement se trouve à 2 minutes à pieds du ""quartier-village"" de la Butte aux Cailles, très mignon avec des petits restos et bars très sympas. De nombreux commerces se trouvent à proximité immédiate :  Carrefour, Picard, Boulangeries, Fromagerie, Poissonnerie, Boucherie... L'appartement se situe près de la ligne 7 (Tolbiac) et à 7 minutes à pieds de  la place d'Italie (ligne 5, 6 et 7). Juste à côté du quartier-village de la Butte aux Cailles (2minutes à pieds), connu pour être l’un des rares quartiers du 13e arrondissement et de Paris à avoir gardé son côté pittoresque et sa physi"
10377	Paris is beautiful from the sky. This is why we have chosen to wake up every morning with this amazing view . Here is a great 2 rooms apartment: living room, kitchen , nicely decorated with our objects brought back from trips around the world and flea markets.  It is perfectly equipped to make a comfortable base for exploring paris . As in a famous Parisian roof top you can enjoy a drink at sunset and admire the view .	Why coming here ? A great architects apartment offering UNIQUE PANORAMA ON PARIS from your bed and the living ! A furnished and design place with care and personality. Central location (3 M lines + bus) to discover whole Paris in less than 30mn Paris is beautiful from the sky. This is why we have chosen to wake up every morning with this amazing view . Here is a great 2 rooms apartment: living room, kitchen , nicely decorated with our objects brought back from trips around the world and flea markets.  It is perfectly equipped to make a comfortable base for exploring paris . As in a famous Parisian roof top you can enjoy a drink at sunset and admire the view . You will have access to the apartment as if it were your own! - Freewifi in the apartment  -A Kitchen for breakfast, lunching or dining at your convenience (we put at your disposal equipment and some condiments) .... -Our books librairy on art, photography, Paris , cities and architecture ... -We take care for you of sheets for th
10378	Bed & Breakfast in Paris (13th arrondissement) located between metro station Tolbiac (line 7) and metro station Olympiades (line 14). It is located in Paris' Chinatown with lots of restaurants and shops. It is a lively area with many visitors and shoppers along with the families who live in the area.  The area is safe.  It is only 4 stations away from the historic Arènes de Lutèce (the Roman Arena) near the Latin Quarter. Taking line 14 from station Olympiades, you are about 15 minutes away door-to-door from Châtelet, the center of Paris. Easy access to all 5 main train stations in Paris. The room is 9.1m2 (100 square feet) in size with a double bed for one or two persons. A soundproof window has been added to the room.  Next to the room is a  modern, beautiful private bathroom.  A private hallway with a closet connects the bedroom and the bathroom. All non-smoking. French Continental breakfast included. Also included is WI-FI access and calls to the U.S., Canada, Japan and most countr	Bed and Breakfast The Welcoming Dragon A charming bed and breakfast featuring a completely redesigned private bedroom and a beautiful private bathroom. Daily French continental breakfast is included in the price. Maximum of 2 persons Bed & Breakfast in Paris (13th arrondissement) located between metro station Tolbiac (line 7) and metro station Olympiades (line 14). It is located in Paris' Chinatown with lots of restaurants and shops. It is a lively area with many visitors and shoppers along with the families who live in the area.  The area is safe.  It is only 4 stations away from the historic Arènes de Lutèce (the Roman Arena) near the Latin Quarter. Taking line 14 from station Olympiades, you are about 15 minutes away door-to-door from Châtelet, the center of Paris. Easy access to all 5 main train stations in Paris. The room is 9.1m2 (100 square feet) in size with a double bed for one or two persons. A soundproof window has been added to the room.  Next to the room is a  modern, beau
10379	Au pied de l'immeuble un salon de coiffure  une station de Veli'b et Auto li'b. Dans la rue : Bar, tabac, bistrot, Vapostore, Franprix, Auchan  et de nombreux Retaurants .	"Bonjour Je vous propose une jolie Chambre de 16m2 Aux couleurs modernes et chaleureuse, avec un vrai lit et vrai matelas, dans un quartier animé et très pratique pour visité Paris.  Wifi très haut débit (fibre 0ptique) Au pied de l'immeuble un salon de coiffure  une station de Veli'b et Auto li'b. Dans la rue : Bar, tabac, bistrot, Vapostore, Franprix, Auchan  et de nombreux Retaurants . Machine à café de Type tassimo à votre disposition ( les dosettes ne sont pas fournies) dosete à prévoir Possibilité d'être votre ""chauffeur privée"" pour vos sorties nocturnes Quartier BNF facile d'accès avec de nombreux restaurants et commerçants   La cour St-Emilion nouveau quartier Branché de Paris, Bercy réputé pour les grands événements ( concert, spectacle ) Ligne 14 ou RER C  Arrêt Bibliothèque François Mitterrand  ( à environ 100M  )  10 min Châtelet notre dame  5 min Gare de Lyon  3 min gare D'Austerlitz  Ligne 6  Arrêt Chevaleret  ( à environ 120M  ) 10-15 min de la Tour Eiffel  Bus  Arrêt Bi"
10380	"If you wish to spend some days like real Parisians (ideal for couple), this is your place in a cosy little appartment with separate kitchen-dining place, and one bedroom. 4th floor without elevator (the building counts 6 floors and was built in 1903), double orientation east and west (very clear and luminous), wooden floor all over : the big kitchen overlooks the street Bobillot and its nice trees, the bedroom overlooks the courtyard and Parisian roofs. The appartment is very calm. It is located in a place not well known by tourists, but appreciated by Parisians : the area of La Butte aux Cailles, old Parisian style with bistrots, bars, family-run restaurants, peaceful parks and squares, fresh-water swimming-pool, 1 minute walk to the métro station (3 lines), the bus station (4 lines), and the taxi station : easy access all over the city. A parking of public ""velibs"" (bicycles) in front of the building.  Close to a commercial center. Typical open market on the street behind three days "	"If you wish to spend some days like real Parisians (ideal for couple), this is your place in a cosy little appartment with separate kitchen-dining place, and one bedroom. 4th floor without elevator (the building counts 6 floors and was built in 1903), double orientation east and west (very clear and luminous), wooden floor all over : the big kitchen overlooks the street Bobillot and its nice trees, the bedroom overlooks the courtyard and Parisian roofs. The appartment is very calm. It is located in a place not well known by tourists, but appreciated by Parisians : the area of La Butte aux Cailles, old Parisian style with bistrots, bars, family-run restaurants, peaceful parks and squares, fresh-water swimming-pool, 1 minute walk to the métro station (3 lines), the bus station (4 lines), and the taxi station : easy access all over the city. A parking of public ""velibs"" (bicycles) in front of the building.  Close to a commercial center. Typical open market on the street behind three days "
10381	Tourist, couple, professional or looking for inspiration? Very nice place, bright and comfortable, this apartment offers a small paradise during your stay. Sleeps up to 3 people.	Quiet and bright, lovely flat in the heart of a typic parisian spot. A perfect place for exploring Paris! Close to the Parc Montsouris, Gobelins, Latin Quarter. Tourist, couple, professional or looking for inspiration? Very nice place, bright and comfortable, this apartment offers a small paradise during your stay. Sleeps up to 3 (website hidden), Internet  Equipped kitchen (Nespresso, what else?), Washing machine, bathroom I'm often travelling but be my best to be present so we have the opportunity to meet us and discuss if you need information and advice. Typic frenchy village, the Butte aux Cailles is a lively, animated area, haunt of street art, full of cafes, music bars, restaurants (French and world cuisine.) Baker, greengrocer, fishmonger, cheese, supermarket ... everything is nearby. Effervescence at night not to be missed! Métro ligne 7 Place d'Italie ou Tolbiac / ligne 6 Corvisart, RER B et Tram Cité Universitaire, Bus 67 et 57 Bobillot-Tolbiac, station velib' en face de l'ar
10382		2 bedrooms (double bed + sofa bed) + Living room. Fully equiped kitchen. in a very quiet neighbourhood with all facilities less than 5 mn away.  Close to Cité UniversitSurounded by several bus, RER and metro. WIFI, videoprojector. washing machine.
10383	Concierge, well appointed modern appartment, striking and original architecture, 15th floor, overlooking the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, south and west of Paris, park with children's playground at the foot of the building. 72 m², living room (bed 140 x 190) + bedroom (bed 90 x 190, 140 x 190 sofa bed), bathroom 2 basins, bath and shower, separate toilet, balcony.	Enjoy the view from the 15th floor of our lovely building. Ideal for a family with one or two children. Quiet, green spaces and easy access to all of Paris. Complete equipment for a carefree stay. Concierge, well appointed modern appartment, striking and original architecture, 15th floor, overlooking the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, south and west of Paris, park with children's playground at the foot of the building. 72 m², living room (bed 140 x 190) + bedroom (bed 90 x 190, 140 x 190 sofa bed), bathroom 2 basins, bath and shower, separate toilet, balcony. Full access to apartment. English, Spanish and Italian spoken. We do our best to make your visit to Paris easy. Quiet and safe neighborhood. Near Chinatown, Butte-aux-Cailles and Mouffetard areas. Many shops and restaurants. Arriving, leaving : Orlybus 500 m, RER to Roissy airport at Denfert-Rochereau 1.3 km walk or 5 minutes by subway Visiting : 200 m from the flat : bus 21 and subway line 6. 800 m from the flat :  Place d'Italie with 
10384		Nice double room, métro Gobelins (L7), 13 minutes walk away from the Panthéon, three minutes walk from Rue Mouffetard, 10 minutes walk from the Jardin des plantes.  You will share the kitchen and the living room with me, I am away most of the time.
10385		1 bedroom with an access to a shared living room situated at 200m from Bibliotheque Francois Mitterand. The appartment has been fully renewed and is fully furnished. The bedroom fits to welcome 2 persons (double bed).
10386	 3 pièces- (entrée, salle à manger/ salon avec canapé lit, cuisine équipée, 1 chambre avec lit d'une personne et balcon, une avec deux lits d'une personne, wc séparé - sdb avec baignoire)  - internet-  situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur  - zone résidentielle proche quartier latin- très clair- à proximité des transports (métro -bus - RER) -marchés (Mouffetard, Austerlitz, Port Royal...) et commerces alimentaire.	Trois pièces avec le charme de l'ancien et le confort moderne, très clair, ascenseur, balcon, bus et métro à deux pas, quartier calme, commerces variés, proche marchés Mouffetard  et Austerlitz, non loin du jardin des Plantes et des quais.  3 pièces- (entrée, salle à manger/ salon avec canapé lit, cuisine équipée, 1 chambre avec lit d'une personne et balcon, une avec deux lits d'une personne, wc séparé - sdb avec baignoire)  - internet-  situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur  - zone résidentielle proche quartier latin- très clair- à proximité des transports (métro -bus - RER) -marchés (Mouffetard, Austerlitz, Port Royal...) et commerces alimentaire. Accès très commode depuis les aéroports (RER, bus) et liaisons directes avec les gares par bus ou métro appartement non-fumeur -pas d'animaux acceptés.
10387	Studio on the ground floor of a 6 floor building. Either you can choose to sleep in the couch or in the mezzanine, I'll take the free one. 	Available couch (clic-clac) for one or two persons, or bed in mezzanine also for 1 or 2. (shared studio) Bathroom with (website hidden) is also possible. The studio is located in the XIII district of Paris near Place D'Italie.  Studio on the ground floor of a 6 floor building. Either you can choose to sleep in the couch or in the mezzanine, I'll take the free one.  You can use the kitchenette, the microwave, the oven, the wifi and the stuff to cook. The shower and the bathroom of course, the towels, the hair dryer. I study during the day, I sleep there at night. It is an easy joinable neighborhood, safe, with a lot of asian restaurants (the best in  Paris) and a lot of supermarkets near. metro line 7: Porte de Choisy and Maison Blanche, tramway t3: Porte de Choisy. Neighbors in the building wake up early (8-9am) and make some noises. 
10388	"Located between Gare de Lyon and gare d'Austerlitz, close to the Jardin des Plantes, Institut international de la Mode et du Design, any transport nearby, we welcome you on our barge in the marquise of boat, or cabin of the Malai, completely independent room, with bathroom and toilet. All dressed in wood and painted white, this cozy nest will able you, because of its ideal location, enjoy your stay in Paris. This room has a ceiling height of 1 m 85. The bed is on a platform, which offers a beautiful view over the Seine and the boats that pass... The bathroom is equipped with a sink and a bathtub as well as toilets. At the entrance of the marquise, you will pass in a small room, wheelhouse, equipped with a kettle, coffee machine and microwave, where you can prepare a breakfast before your excursion or meeting! You can enjoy the ""family terrace"", in the front of the boat. The 'CHINE' barge is located at the corner of 5th and 13th district, various restaurants, museums nearby. It is with "	"Located between Gare de Lyon and gare d'Austerlitz, close to the Jardin des Plantes, Institut international de la Mode et du Design, any transport nearby, we welcome you on our barge in the marquise of boat, or cabin of the Malai, completely independent room, with bathroom and toilet. All dressed in wood and painted white, this cozy nest will able you, because of its ideal location, enjoy your stay in Paris. This room has a ceiling height of 1 m 85. The bed is on a platform, which offers a beautiful view over the Seine and the boats that pass... The bathroom is equipped with a sink and a bathtub as well as toilets. At the entrance of the marquise, you will pass in a small room, wheelhouse, equipped with a kettle, coffee machine and microwave, where you can prepare a breakfast before your excursion or meeting! You can enjoy the ""family terrace"", in the front of the boat. The 'CHINE' barge is located at the corner of 5th and 13th district, various restaurants, museums nearby. It is with "
10389	One master bedroom to rent in a 2 bedrooms flat. 1 living room with open kitchen fully equiped  1 bathroom (with bathtub)  1 separated WC	"Le logement 2 bedrooms (one master bedroom + one with balcony) (2 double beds + 1 sofa bed for 2 in the living room)  1 living room with open kitchen fully equiped  1 bathroom (with bathtub)  1 separated WC Accès des voyageurs The flat is at the 2nd floor with an entry code. Échanges avec les voyageurs We can discuss by SMS, What's app, emails ... Le quartier It's a dynamic area close to the famous quarter called ""la butte aux cailles"", where you will find many restaurants and cafés. Ther"
10390	You will feel great in this 35 m2 mini-loft newly restore. Perfect for a romantic trip, this place will make you feel like home ! The unusual architecture of the place, the high ceiling with the cosy platform bed is a promise of comfort and beautiful design. 	You will feel great in this 35 m2 mini-loft newly restore. Perfect for a romantic trip, this place will make you feel like home ! The unusual architecture of the place, the high ceiling with the cosy platform bed is a promise of comfort and beautiful design.
10391	•THE FLAT : Our place is the coziest spot in town (honestly !)  It will offer you the possibility to cook yourself a romantic diner, listen to music, watch dvds, play the piano, have a rest in our fantastic bed (or sleep snug in our convertible sofa-bed if you are 3 or 4), take a nice warm bath after seeing the wonders just a couple of blocks away ! And first and foremost, you'll have the privilege of leaving the life of a real parisian for the entire duration of your stay !!	Our very quiet, sunny and comfy apartment is ideally located in the 5th arrondissement, close to shops, bars and restaurants.  It comes fully equipped, ready to welcome up to 4 people. Metro line 5, 10 and many buses are just nearby, though you can walk to the main tourist attractions. •THE FLAT : Our place is the coziest spot in town (honestly !)  It will offer you the possibility to cook yourself a romantic diner, listen to music, watch dvds, play the piano, have a rest in our fantastic bed (or sleep snug in our convertible sofa-bed if you are 3 or 4), take a nice warm bath after seeing the wonders just a couple of blocks away ! And first and foremost, you'll have the privilege of leaving the life of a real parisian for the entire duration of your stay !! The entire apartment amenities & equipment are at your complete disposal. Feel free to ask us any question! •THE AREA :      Centrally located, in the heart of Quartier Latin, 5 min. walking from : Rue Mouffetard and its amazing sho
10392		Une studette de 20 m² à 5 minutes de la cité universitaire de Paris avec douche et toilette 
10393	Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest (The 2 rooms' guest shared this space). You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris on the rooftop! Delightful in summer  and in winter as well ! Off course, my wife and I are pleased to advise you and give you all the assistance you’ll need to make your stay in Paris pleasant. OUR CHECK IN	A nice bedroom with incredible view : full equipped space: bathroom, toilets,  kitchen, mini lounge with... the luxury of being able to go to the swimming pool and sauna at the end of you busy tourism day! Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest (The 2 rooms' guest shared this space). You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris o
10394		Chambre de bonne, située à deux pas du Jardin des Plantes, 11 m2, douche, cuisine. Idéal pour des week-end, un grand lit mezzanine et un canapé lit confortable 2 places. Toilettes sur le palier, pas à l'intérieur de la chambre.
10395	Chambre double dans un charmant appartement à Place d'Italie. Au 8e étage avec balcon et vue sur Paris : Sacré coeur, Tour eiffel Panthéon...	Chambre double dans un charmant appartement à Place d'Italie. Au 8e étage avec balcon et vue sur Paris : Sacré coeur, Tour eiffel Panthéon...
10396		I propose you a magnificent & welcoming 1 bedroom appartment recently redesigned! American kitchen, fully equiped appartment, high quality wifi internet connection. High standard beds to rest after your visits (in the bedroom but also in the couch). In a calm, safe and very charming district, you will 5 minutes walking away from the small and famous Buttes aux Cailles district. And also very close to many public transportations (including RER train to connect directly to the airport).
10397	Neighborhood of the Buttes aux Cailles. Very functional apartment of 42m² Equipped kitchen and living room. 1 separate bedroom. 1 parking spot.  Ideal for 2 people, can be ok for 4 people. This is just like home, the living room is very well equipped with Hi-Fi, flat screen, ... I'll be here to welcome you and if you need some tips. My apartment is located in 5 minutes from this one so if you need anything I can be available to help. Metro: M6 - Glacière or Corvisart (8 minutes walk) M7 - Maison Blanche or Tolbiac (12 minutes walk)	Very functional apartment of 42m² + Free parking Equipped kitchen and living room. 1 separate bedroom. 2 parking spots.  Ideal for 2 people, can be ok for 4 people.
10398		我们位于意大利广场，优越的地理位置为您的巴黎之行提供十分便利的交通,5分钟走至地铁站，有5.6.7.三条地铁线交会，让您轻松抵达巴黎各个景点如铁塔，凯旋门，卢浮宫，老佛爷店。房子在一个非常寂静的小区里，少了临街的吵闹,根本没有马达的轰鸣声，优雅的住宿环境能够让您倍感安静和舒适。本店备有高速光纤网络，无限制拨打中国手机，免费为您提供洗衣服务，床上用品保证一客一换，时刻保持干净卫生。
10399		Appartement de 30m2 situé au coeur du quartier chinois.
10400		Big retro-style room in a sunny appartement with a balcon-where you can have a French breakfast while you're tanning. Well located with 5,6,7 and 14 subwaylines at 10min walk. You should discover the chinese neighborhood and the best stress art area.
10401	Récemment rénové en totalité, l'appartement est très lumineux, confortable et fonctionnel.  Il est composé d’une chambre avec un lit double, d’une cuisine ouverte sur le salon et d’une salle de bain. La cuisine est toute équipée avec réfrigérateur, congélateur, four, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire et lave-vaisselle. La salle de bain comprend une grande douche, les wc, un lave-linge et un sèche-cheveux. Le salon est doté d’une télévision écran plat.  Recently renovated in full, the apartment is very bright, comfortable and functional. It consists of a bedroom with a double bed, an open plan lounge and kitchen bathroom. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, hob, kettle and dishwasher. The bathroom has a large shower, wc, washing machine and hairdryer. The living room has a flat screen TV. L’appartement est idéalement situé au cœur du 13ème arrondissement, à proximité immédiate d’une multitude de commerces (boulangerie, supermarchés, marché, …). 	Récemment rénové en totalité, l'appartement est très lumineux, confortable et fonctionnel.  Il est composé d’une chambre avec un lit double, d’une cuisine ouverte sur le salon et d’une salle de bain. La cuisine est toute équipée avec réfrigérateur, congélateur, four, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire et lave-vaisselle. La salle de bain comprend une grande douche, les wc, un lave-linge et un sèche-cheveux. Le salon est doté d’une télévision écran plat.  Recently renovated in full, the apartment is very bright, comfortable and functional. It consists of a bedroom with a double bed, an open plan lounge and kitchen bathroom. The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, hob, kettle and dishwasher. The bathroom has a large shower, wc, washing machine and hairdryer. The living room has a flat screen TV. L’appartement est idéalement situé au cœur du 13ème arrondissement, à proximité immédiate d’une multitude de commerces (boulangerie, supermarchés, marché, …). 
10402	chambre claire au 1er étage dans les frondaisons des arbres . Au sud du quartier de la Butte aux Cailles proche du parc Montsouris. Nombreux  restaurants typiques, commerces animation de ce quartier historique Proximité nouveau centre universitaire Paris-Bercy, hôpitaux , cinémas	"Chambre 13m2 dans mon appartement de 4 pièces, au 1er étage dans les frondaisons des arbres . Résidence avec gardien. Proche lieux touristiques ""la butte aux cailles"" ses restaurants et bars ""branchés"",  parc Montsouris, authentique quartier chinois  chambre claire au 1er étage dans les frondaisons des arbres . Au sud du quartier de la Butte aux Cailles proche du parc Montsouris. Nombreux  restaurants typiques, commerces animation de ce quartier historique Proximité nouveau centre universitaire Paris-Bercy, hôpitaux , cinémas à 5' du TRAM (stade Charléty - porte de Versailles en 15'), RER Cité Universitaire (direct Roissy CDG) , métro (Place d'italie, Tolbiac, ), réseau de bus (4 lignes accès direct centre de Paris, Chatelet, grands magasins, bd Haussman Printemps Galeries lafayette) Proche centre commercial Italie 2  petit déjeuner à la demande 5€/personne pour les séjours courts  de w.e. à 1 semaine . Pour séjours plus longs accès à la cuisine  proche butte aux cailles quartier histo"
10403	Studio de 16 m2 avec lit pour 2 personnes, cuisine toute équipée, table et chaises. Parfait pour passer quelques nuits à deux, et de la place pour mettre ses affaires. La salle de bain est fermée et individuelle, avec une douche et wc très propres.   La pièce est très confortable, proche des métro Olympiades et BFM sur la ligne 14 et Nationale sur la ligne 6. Elles donnent un accès facile à tous les endroits de Paris. Le quartier est sûre, il n'y a donc aucun problème pour sortir le soir. Quartier vivant avec restaurant et tous commerces très proches. 	Petit appartement calme, bien agencé et tout équipé, parfait pour un séjour à Paris. Proche des métros et des magasins, des berges de Seine et d'un quartier vivant pour sortir et dîner.  Studio de 16 m2 avec lit pour 2 personnes, cuisine toute équipée, table et chaises. Parfait pour passer quelques nuits à deux, et de la place pour mettre ses affaires. La salle de bain est fermée et individuelle, avec une douche et wc très propres.   La pièce est très confortable, proche des métro Olympiades et BFM sur la ligne 14 et Nationale sur la ligne 6. Elles donnent un accès facile à tous les endroits de Paris. Le quartier est sûre, il n'y a donc aucun problème pour sortir le soir. Quartier vivant avec restaurant et tous commerces très proches.  Les voyageurs ont un accès libre à tout l'appartement. Disponible 24/24h, 7/7 jours!  Quartier calme mais avec des possibilités de divertissement (cinéma, restaurant, etc...), tout proche des boulangeries, boucheries, poissonneries, et au pied d'un très 
10404	Nous aimons accueillir les personnes séjournant avec nous.	Room to rent in an apartment nice family. Room with young furniture. Very comfortable new sofa 2 places. Numerous arrangements. Marble table. Avenue des Gobelins. We have a little rabbitt in freedom. We speak English Access of the apartment. We love to welcome people and help them 
10405	"Private room  in a 5 rooms apartment (4 bedrooms and a living room, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets) very close to ""Maison Blanche"" subway. You will have your own space for all the intimacy you need! The bedroom has a double bed (160 cm) very comfortable, a night table, and some storage.  The window (with shutters) overlooks a quiet street."	"Nice, quiet, clean room (~13m²). Close to groceries, restaurants, subway & tramway stations. My roomates are really nice persons and you can enjoy our big terrace! Private room  in a 5 rooms apartment (4 bedrooms and a living room, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets) very close to ""Maison Blanche"" subway. You will have your own space for all the intimacy you need! The bedroom has a double bed (160 cm) very comfortable, a night table, and some storage.  The window (with shutters) overlooks a quiet street. - your room 13m² - shared spaces: bathroom +Terrace + living room + kitchen I have 3 roomates ~ 30 years old, who are lovely persons (clean, quiet and funny!). We will give you all the information you need to spend the best time in Paris! Our Appartment is located in the 13th district ""Chinatown"". Really secure and lot of restaurants! Line 7 (2min walk) takes you to the center of Paris (Louvre) in 15min. There is also the tramway (2 min walk) and buses. I can provide more details of you n"
10406		rive gauche charmant 2 pièces ( mezzanine dans chaque pièce )  cuisine indépendante 6 ème étage avec ascenseur ensoleillé proche rue mouffetard métro gobelins. 
10407	Très beau2 pièces entièrement meublé de 44 m² 1 chambre 1 salon 1 sdb avec baignoire, wc , cuisine aménagée (four et lave vaisselle). Double Vitrage et rideaux occultants. Digicode, gardien en bas de l'immeuble.  Metro en bas de l'immeuble, au coeur du quartier chinois Metro porte ivry tramways bus velib et aorolib Quartier pleins de restaurants  Metro bus tramways velib et autolib	Very beautiful apartment 45 m² entirely renewed, good view. Très beau2 pièces entièrement meublé de 44 m² 1 chambre 1 salon 1 sdb avec baignoire, wc , cuisine aménagée (four et lave vaisselle). Double Vitrage et rideaux occultants. Digicode, gardien en bas de l'immeuble.  Metro en bas de l'immeuble, au coeur du quartier chinois Metro porte ivry tramways bus velib et aorolib Quartier pleins de restaurants  Metro bus tramways velib et autolib Metro porte ivry tramways bus velib et aorolib Quartier pleins de restaurants  Metro bus tramways velib et autolib
10408	- Une pièce principale avec un canapé lit (draps propres fournis) ; - Une petite cuisine avec l'équipement de base (vaisselle, petit four, plaques de cuisson, évier...) ; - Une salle de bain avec machine à laver et wc ; - Un grand placard de rangement et plusieurs meubles ; - Un balcon donnant sur une rue pavée, sans circulation.	Studio très agréable et lumineux dans un quartier calme mais aussi proche de nombreux lieux touristiques et festifs. A la fois idéal pour découvrir Paris quelques jours et offrant tout le confort nécessaire à un séjour plus long. 20m carré. - Une pièce principale avec un canapé lit (draps propres fournis) ; - Une petite cuisine avec l'équipement de base (vaisselle, petit four, plaques de cuisson, évier...) ; - Une salle de bain avec machine à laver et wc ; - Un grand placard de rangement et plusieurs meubles ; - Un balcon donnant sur une rue pavée, sans circulation. Vous serez complètement indépendants durant votre séjour. En cas de besoin je serai joignable par mail (réponse rapide). Vous pourrez également contacter mon ami sur place ou vous adresser à la concierge. Absente de Paris, je me tiens toutefois à votre entière disposition pour répondre à vos questions ou vos remarques par mail. Sur place, vous pourrez également joindre un de mes amis qui sera présent si vous rencontrez un p
10409	The neighborhood is often compared to a typical French village and its wonderful neighborhood life will charm you. Nearby, you will find close to twenty restaurants, an amazing market on Boulevard Auguste Blanqui, and all the shops necessary for an unforgettable Parisian trip! The apartment is on the third and top floor, facing an open yard, and was recently renovated in 2011. The apartment is very bright, with a huge bedroom 14m2, an 18m2 living room with an open plan-kitchen (complete with a counter bar), restroom and separate bathroom. The apartment is really peaceful with its view of a small park  (No exposure to the street) This apartment is fully equipped: Wi-Fi (you should bring your own devices) Washing machine Dishwasher Cook top Freezer Microwave oven Coffee machine TV (88 cm) King Size Bed (160 cm) Clean sheets and towels furnished If you decide to stay longer you will find all of the necessary equipment such as: an iron, hairdryer, toaster…. You will be directly connected t	I am renting my lovely 2 room apartment (42 square meters, no loss of space), located in the 13th arrondissement, in one of the most authentic neighborhoods in Paris: “La Butte aux Cailles”(5 minutes to Place d’Italie and 10 minutes to la manufacture des Gobelins) The neighborhood is often compared to a typical French village and its wonderful neighborhood life will charm you. Nearby, you will find close to twenty restaurants, an amazing market on Boulevard Auguste Blanqui, and all the shops necessary for an unforgettable Parisian trip! The apartment is on the third and top floor, facing an open yard, and was recently renovated in 2011. The apartment is very bright, with a huge bedroom 14m2, an 18m2 living room with an open plan-kitchen (complete with a counter bar), restroom and separate bathroom. The apartment is really peaceful with its view of a small park  (No exposure to the street) This apartment is fully equipped: Wi-Fi (you should bring your own devices) Washing machine Dishwa
10410	Nous louons notre appartement de 96 m² tout équipé, situé dans  une résidence gardée. L'appartement se trouve au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Il y a le wifi, une télévision écran plat, piano électrique, lecteur dvd, wii, lecteur cd, une chaîne hifi, etc. L'endroit est très clair et calme; et sans aucun vis-à-vis. Il y a une double exposition est-ouest ainsi que 2 balcons aménagés (n'oubliez pas d'arroser mes petites plantes). Vous aurez du soleil tout le temps :) Il y a 3 chambres : - 1 chambre avec un lit 160 (2 personnes) - 2 chambres avec un lit simple chacune  Un grand double séjour (avec également un lit en 140 dans une alcove) , 1 wc,  2 salles de bain séparées refaites à neuf. Une salle de douche mais aussi une salle de bain avec baignoire. La cuisine est totalement équipée: four, four micro ondes, machine à café nespresso, 4 feux, un mixeur, grand frigidaire avec une partie congélateur, etc.. Loué durant notre absence, pour minimum 4 personnes, maximum 6 personnes). A 2mn (réelle	Nous louons notre appartement de 96 m² tout équipé, situé dans  une résidence gardée. L'appartement se trouve au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Il y a le wifi, une télévision écran plat, piano électrique, lecteur dvd, wii, lecteur cd, une chaîne hifi, etc. L'endroit est très clair et calme; et sans aucun vis-à-vis. Il y a une double exposition est-ouest ainsi que 2 balcons aménagés (n'oubliez pas d'arroser mes petites plantes). Vous aurez du soleil tout le temps :) Il y a 3 chambres : - 1 chambre avec un lit 160 (2 personnes) - 2 chambres avec un lit simple chacune  Un grand double séjour (avec également un lit en 140 dans une alcove) , 1 wc,  2 salles de bain séparées refaites à neuf. Une salle de douche mais aussi une salle de bain avec baignoire. La cuisine est totalement équipée: four, four micro ondes, machine à café nespresso, 4 feux, un mixeur, grand frigidaire avec une partie congélateur, etc.. Loué durant notre absence, pour minimum 4 personnes, maximum 6 personnes). A 2mn (réelle
10411	L'appartement est très calme et lumineux dans un square gardé par un gardien jour et nuit avec possibilité de garer sa voiture à l'intérieur avant la fermeture de la grille à 22h. Lieu très safe au 2e étage avec ascenseur  Une chambre avec lit double et confortable canapé lit double dans le salon. Capacité 4 personnes.  	Ce 2 pièces situé dans un square calme et résidentiel vous mettra immédiatement dans une ambiance typiquement parisienne avec son parquet et huisseries à l'ancienne ainsi qu'une petite terrasse au calme très agréable en été ! Ideal en famille L'appartement est très calme et lumineux dans un square gardé par un gardien jour et nuit avec possibilité de garer sa voiture à l'intérieur avant la fermeture de la grille à 22h. Lieu très safe au 2e étage avec ascenseur  Une chambre avec lit double et confortable canapé lit double dans le salon. Capacité 4 personnes. L'appartement est connecté au wifi avec TV mais uniquement pour lire des DVD.  Cuisine tout équipée avec lave linge et lave vaisselle.  Fer à repasser et sèche cheveux.  Draps et serviettes fournis échange à l'arrivée et au départ et disponibilité pendant la durée du séjour si besoin. Le quartier est calme et résidentiel mais en tournant dans quelques petites rues vous tomberez sur des petites places charmantes avec bars et restaura
10412	1) Excellent location - Great view on Paris from the flat: Eiffel tower, Pantheon, Val de grace, Jussieu, Mosquee de Paris, Montparnasse - within 2 mins:       - metro Les Gobelins – ligne 7 –      - 24 hour bus stop: Line (phone number hidden) and 83. Noctilien N1 and N2      - 24 hour Taxi stand      - Big supermarket (careffour market), breadshop and butcher all within 2 mins      - 4 bank branches including 24 hour ATM: HSBC, Barclays, Societe generale, BNP Paris, Credit Agricole      - Post office, MacDonalds, various restaurants 2) Full comfort - Top floor with lift, plenty of Natural light and Fresh air - Separate study room with library and wifi internet - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, electrical cooking stove, cutlery/plates, pans etc.) - Laundry capabilities: washing machine + dryer - Electrical heating and fans - Comfortable bed and pillows - Also provided: bedsheets, towel, quilts, basic toiletries  - Attractions:      - Rue Mouffetard (one of Paris's oldest an	1) Excellent location - Great view on Paris from the flat: Eiffel tower, Pantheon, Val de grace, Jussieu, Mosquee de Paris, Montparnasse - within 2 mins:       - metro Les Gobelins – ligne 7 –      - 24 hour bus stop: Line (phone number hidden) and 83. Noctilien N1 and N2      - 24 hour Taxi stand      - Big supermarket (careffour market), breadshop and butcher all within 2 mins      - 4 bank branches including 24 hour ATM: HSBC, Barclays, Societe generale, BNP Paris, Credit Agricole      - Post office, MacDonalds, various restaurants 2) Full comfort - Top floor with lift, plenty of Natural light and Fresh air - Separate study room with library and wifi internet - Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, electrical cooking stove, cutlery/plates, pans etc.) - Laundry capabilities: washing machine + dryer - Electrical heating and fans - Comfortable bed and pillows - Also provided: bedsheets, towel, quilts, basic toiletries  - Attractions:      - Rue Mouffetard (one of Paris's oldest an
10413	In a charming building, studio in charming district in the center of Paris (mouffetard area, 5th).    This apartment is perfectly placed in a lively and quaint neighborhood, with  lots of transportation (buses (phone number hidden) and metro Censier line 7 and RER B Port Royal) nearby to take you to all over paris. Within just a few minutes walking you’ll find the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, The Jardin du luxembourg, the Seine, and much more.     The flat is in an ideal location  for visiting all the major sights of the Latin Quarter as well as  Notre Dame de Paris, le Centre Pompidou, le Marais, etc. The studio is 25m2/ 268ft2,2nd french floor,  bright with a fully equipped kitchen (hot plates, microwave, fridge etc.).  There are wood floors, a bathroom with shower, toilet,  wireless internet, a NEW couch/bed (sleeps two persons very comfortably, size is 160cm*200cm), table, chairs and desk. Very good WIFI internet connection. Clean bed sheets and towels  The street is calm with lots of c	In a charming building, studio in charming district in the center of Paris (mouffetard area, 5th).    This apartment is perfectly placed in a lively and quaint neighborhood, with  lots of transportation (buses (phone number hidden) and metro Censier line 7 and RER B Port Royal) nearby to take you to all over paris. Within just a few minutes walking you’ll find the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, The Jardin du luxembourg, the Seine, and much more.     The flat is in an ideal location  for visiting all the major sights of the Latin Quarter as well as  Notre Dame de Paris, le Centre Pompidou, le Marais, etc. The studio is 25m2/ 268ft2,2nd french floor,  bright with a fully equipped kitchen (hot plates, microwave, fridge etc.).  There are wood floors, a bathroom with shower, toilet,  wireless internet, a NEW couch/bed (sleeps two persons very comfortably, size is 160cm*200cm), table, chairs and desk. Very good WIFI internet connection. Clean bed sheets and towels  The street is calm with lots of c
10414		chambre avec grand lit dans appartement Haussmanien, à côté des Invalides et de la Tour Eiffel
10415	Appartement traversant, je saurais vous illuminer la matinée avec mes chambres orienté Est et vous faire bronzer l'après midi dans mon salon agréable. Salon où vous pourrez vous asseoir sur le canapé bleu velours ou noir en tissu. Feng le bonzai vous portera compagnie lors de vos discussions. Pour vos soirées reposantes vous pourrez utiliser le vidéoprojecteur pour passer un moment cinéma ou jouer à l'un de nos nombreux jeux de sociétés.  Vous pourrez dormir dans l'une de mes 3 chambres de 11m² chacune avec lit double.  Pour l'hygiène, je mets à votre disposition une salle de bain, une salle de douche et deux WC.  En cas de fringale, je vous laisse à disposition four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire,... (le mixeur et la cafetière ne sont pas encore disponible), pour accompagner vos aliments. Il est possible de pré-commander votre repas (un supplément sera demandé). 	Je suis un jeune appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris à équidistance des lignes 12 et 13 du métro (10min), de 85m², prêt à vous accueillir avec joie et bonne humeur. Appartement traversant, je saurais vous illuminer la matinée avec mes chambres orienté Est et vous faire bronzer l'après midi dans mon salon agréable. Salon où vous pourrez vous asseoir sur le canapé bleu velours ou noir en tissu. Feng le bonzai vous portera compagnie lors de vos discussions. Pour vos soirées reposantes vous pourrez utiliser le vidéoprojecteur pour passer un moment cinéma ou jouer à l'un de nos nombreux jeux de sociétés.  Vous pourrez dormir dans l'une de mes 3 chambres de 11m² chacune avec lit double.  Pour l'hygiène, je mets à votre disposition une salle de bain, une salle de douche et deux WC.  En cas de fringale, je vous laisse à disposition four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire,... (le mixeur et la cafetière ne sont pas encore disponible), pour accompagner v
10416	Le logement est une très jolie chambre privative au sein d'un bel appartement parisien situé au premier étage d'un immeuble de type haussmannien.  	I rent a cosy room in a Parisian apartment, very close to the Eiffel Tower, the Champ de Mars and the Seine river
10417	The studio is on the second floor in a modern building with an elevator.  There is a small kitchen with all the basics, a dining table and a small table in the balcony which is wonderful to eat at when the weather is nice. The sofa bed (195/160) is very comfortable and easy to handle.	The studio is located in the 15th arrondissement in a safe and quiet neighborhood in Paris. The living space is approximately 25 m2 and can host comfortably two people. The apartment is full of light and has a balcony looking over a beautiful garden. The studio is on the second floor in a modern building with an elevator.  There is a small kitchen with all the basics, a dining table and a small table in the balcony which is wonderful to eat at when the weather is nice. The sofa bed (195/160) is very comfortable and easy to handle. Please send me a message and let me know when approximately you plan to arrive. I prefer checking in after 14:00 but I will try and adjust if possible. The neighborhood is a residential one with mostly young families. The Eiffel Tower is around 20 min walk. There are some nice bars and restaurants in the area which I will be happy to let you know about. The nearest metro stops (Vaugirard/Felix Faure) can take you directly to Bastille, Opera, Republique or Sai
10418		Très bel appartement dans Paris, 60 m² entièrement équipé : lave linge, lave vaisselle plaque etc. deux chambres avec 2 lits deux places + grand salon.  Proche de toutes commodités : boulangerie/commerces/pharmacies/ Parc  Ligne métro 12/13 Tram3
10419	Kitchen and bathroom separated from the principal room.  Windows in each room	5 min from the Eiffel Tower & 15 min from the Invalides by walk Metro Line 6/8/10 at 5 min ( station La Motte Piquet Grenelle) Kitchen and bathroom separated from the principal room.  Windows in each room
10420	"The room is located inside a shared apartment in one of the most beautiful and romantic places on earth.  300 meters from la Tour Eiffel and 50 meter from Le Champ de Mars. Entirely renovated, the apartment is so charming and cosy. Located on the first floor (second US floor) , this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in all it's splendor.  Also, being 15 minutes from la Défense and Porte de Versailles is an outstanding asset for Business Man travelling to Paris. The apartment is decorated in a contemporary way. Located just a short foot step from the Eiffel tower, the Champ de Mars, and the Seine River, ""Avenue de Suffren"" is situated in an area of Paris that is known for understated elegance and high-class living.Attractions in the 7th district include the Eiffel Tower, Musée d'Orsay, Champ de Mars, Musée Rodin, Rue Cler, Le Bon Marche and much more.  APARTMENT DETAILS    Location 7th district  Area 60 m² (620 sq ft)  1 Bedroom   1 Dinning room 1 "	"The room is located inside a shared apartment in one of the most beautiful and romantic places on earth.  300 meters from la Tour Eiffel and 50 meter from Le Champ de Mars. Entirely renovated, the apartment is so charming and cosy. Located on the first floor (second US floor) , this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in all it's splendor.  Also, being 15 minutes from la Défense and Porte de Versailles is an outstanding asset for Business Man travelling to Paris. The apartment is decorated in a contemporary way. Located just a short foot step from the Eiffel tower, the Champ de Mars, and the Seine River, ""Avenue de Suffren"" is situated in an area of Paris that is known for understated elegance and high-class living.Attractions in the 7th district include the Eiffel Tower, Musée d'Orsay, Champ de Mars, Musée Rodin, Rue Cler, Le Bon Marche and much more.  APARTMENT DETAILS    Location 7th district  Area 60 m² (620 sq ft)  1 Bedroom   1 Dinning room 1 "
10421	Beau studio lumineux, deuxième étage, parquet. Cuisine séparée (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson et four). Grande salle de bain, baignoire. Beautiful studio appartment, second floor, wooden floor. Separated kitchen fully equiped (frigde, cooktops, hoven). Big bathroom, bathtub.	Appartement de 22 m², 10 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 100 m du métro (15 mn Louvre et Champs Elysées). Cuisine séparée, grande salle de bain. 22 m² appartment, 10 mn walk from Eiffel Tower, 100 m from subway (15 mn from Louvre and Champs Elysées). Beau studio lumineux, deuxième étage, parquet. Cuisine séparée (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson et four). Grande salle de bain, baignoire. Beautiful studio appartment, second floor, wooden floor. Separated kitchen fully equiped (frigde, cooktops, hoven). Big bathroom, bathtub. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble du logement. Draps et serviettes fournis. Possibilité de cuisiner sur place. Accès Internet. You will have access to the entire appartment. Sheets and towels included. You can use the kitchen. Internet access. Je vous accueillerai sur place et serai facilement joignable pour vous aider pendant votre séjour. I will welcome you in person and will be easily reached to help you during your stay. Quartier commerçant, vaste choix de restaurants
10422		NICE DOUBLE ROOM  for 1 or  2 p   with balcony +  Breakfast  5 E per peson -  2  minutes from the flat you have métro ,  tram , bus,  supermarket - restaurants  exhibitions centre of  Porte Versailles métro : Porte de Versailles  ,Balard or Lourmel. TRES BIEN : tous les transports à 2 minutes de la résidence  métro : Porte de Versailles  ou Balard ou  Lourmel  Nombreux bus , tram pour aller à La Défense , Vincennes , Porte de la Villette ..  RER pour aller au château de Versailles  etc ....
10423	Cozy appartment at the 6th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator, with 2 bedrooms and 1 living with a fitted kitchen and a relax couch. And there is also a balcony for  you sunny breakfasts ! There is also WiFi and all satellite channels	Bright and airy flat, located in a lovely neighborhood, close to many sights (Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Seine river) bistros, bars, strolling areas, several transport options (Métros 6, 8, 10). Cozy appartment at the 6th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator, with 2 bedrooms and 1 living with a fitted kitchen and a relax couch. And there is also a balcony for  you sunny breakfasts ! There is also WiFi and all satellite channels
10424	Hello travellers, I'm renting a nice and quiet room in a big flat in Paris just nearby Porte de Versailles. - Very lively, trendy neighbourhood.  1 min walking from Metro station Convention. 30 min walking from Eiffel Tower, along the Quai de Seine. From the Metro Station, tyou can reach every interest point easily : Notre Dame / Centre Pompidou / Musée du Louvres... - The room has a comfortable double bed and a  wardrobe.  It has free WIFI access.  - The appartment is shared with flatmates, Benjamin, easy going person who will be here to give you some advice or grab a beer with you.  You can use the bathroom, the washing machine, the kitchen, the fridge and the living room.  - Supermarkets and shop within 250 m. 	Hello travellers, I'm renting a nice and croom (12 m²) in a big flat (120m²) in center Paris just nearby Place de la Bastille. - Very lively, trendy neighbourhood.  1 min walking from rue de Lappe (lively street with lots of bars and restauran
10425	Experience this great location for your Paris adventure. This charming 28m2 apartment (300 sq ft) in the 15th district is a short walk to the Eiffel Tower. You'll feel at home in an authentic Parisian neighborhood that lets you truly live and experience Paris like a local.	Experience this great location for your Paris adventure. This charming apartment is a short walk to the Eiffel Tower. You'll feel at home in an authentic Parisian neighborhood that lets you truly live and experience Paris like a local.          Centrally located for sightseeing, this cozy 28m2 apartment (300 sq ft) in the 15th district has one separate bedroom and can sleep until 4 people. The bedroom features two single beds and a large bathroom with bath tub. The living room welcomes additional travelers with a sofa bed that sleeps 2.  The apartment offers the comfort of home with a washing machine, HD TV, Wi-Fi, hair dryer, speakers, radio and a printer. It is professionally cleaned and fresh bed linens and towels are provided. The kitchen has everything you need to prepare a wonderful meal using the freshest ingredients from right around the corner. The flat is a 2 minute walk from Rue du Commerce, a lively street with trendy shops, bars, restaurants and supermarkets.  For more sho
10426	"Lit Bed up très confortable 140X200, remontant au plafond la journée pour laisser un grand espace libre. Canapé convertible ""rapido"" avec matelas à usage quotidien, très facile à utiliser."	"Studio lumineux et très fonctionnel, situé au 9ème étage (2 ascenseurs) Cuisine tout équipée. Salle de bain avec WC. Balcon avec vue sur Tour Eiffel et les bâtiments du quartier de la Défense. Métro au pied de l'immeuble. Lit Bed up très confortable 140X200, remontant au plafond la journée pour laisser un grand espace libre. Canapé convertible ""rapido"" avec matelas à usage quotidien, très facile à utiliser. Lors de votre séjour, je serai dans la région parisienne, disponible en cas de problème. Quartier très commerçant. 2 parcs sont à proximité. Le commissariat de police est à 100m. Le métro ligne 12 est au pied de l'immeuble. Sur cette ligne, gares Montparnasse et Saint Lazarre. A 2 stations du parc des expositions(très pratique pour les salons) Pas de parking disponible."
10427	Charming and quiet apartment located in the 15th district of Paris. You are 15 minutes walk away to the Eiffel Tower, 1 min to the lovely Saint-Lambert square and near the street rue du Commerce (many shops and restaurants). Full of light and cosy, the apartment offers every basics : kitchen, bathroom, wifi, washing machine, iron and ironing board, oven, microwave, sofa bed (2 people) and a nice balcony which is wonderful to eat at while enjoying the sun.  Subway : 3 metro lines within 5 min walks (L.6,8 and 10) that can take you directly to Bastille, Opera, Republic or Saint Germain.	Full of light and cosy apartment located 15 minutes walk away to the Eiffel Tower. Kitchen, bathroom, wifi, washing machine, King Size bed, sofa bed (2 people) and a lovely balcony. 3 metro lines (L.6,8 and 10) to Bastille, Opera, Saint-Germain...
10428	"22 square meters (20m2) studio very confortable on the 27th floor, sunny,quite, nice view on Invalid Dome and Montparnasse.Nice Tower very well located in the area of ""Front de Seine""between Mirabeau Bridge (near ""Charles-Michel"",The New Shopping center ""Beaugrenelle"", and Hotel Novotel) and Bir-Hakeim bridge (Eiffel-Tower ,""Bir-Hakeim"" station) .Security, maintenance, front desk 24h/24h, parking available. On the roof, 32th floor: swimming pool (with sunroof), gym, table tennis , solarium, changing,showers. Comfort:  47""TV LED, WiFi connection, high speed internet ,Coffee machine Nespresso,  Microwave Multifunction (crisp + grill), fridge, 1 stove, dishes, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer, Kettle , iron,fan.Storage: 1 locker drawers and 1 closet with penderie. Shower with strong water pressure. In winter very good central heating system in the building. Sheets and towels.140x200cm bed and sofa bed (110x190cm). Delightful walk along the edge of the ""Seine"".Eiffel Tower and ""Trocadero"" (5min)"	"22 square meters (20m2) studio very confortable on the 27th floor, sunny,quite, nice view on Invalid Dome and Montparnasse.Nice Tower very well located in the area of ""Front de Seine""between Mirabeau Bridge (near ""Charles-Michel"",The New Shopping center ""Beaugrenelle"", and Hotel Novotel) and Bir-Hakeim bridge (Eiffel-Tower ,""Bir-Hakeim"" station) .Security, maintenance, front desk 24h/24h, parking available. On the roof, 32th floor: swimming pool (with sunroof), gym, table tennis , solarium, changing,showers. Comfort:  47""TV LED, WiFi connection, high speed internet ,Coffee machine Nespresso,  Microwave Multifunction (crisp + grill), fridge, 1 stove, dishes, vacuum cleaner, hair dryer, Kettle , iron,fan.Storage: 1 locker drawers and 1 closet with penderie. Shower with strong water pressure. In winter very good central heating system in the building. Sheets and towels.140x200cm bed and sofa bed (110x190cm). Delightful walk along the edge of the ""Seine"".Eiffel Tower and ""Trocadero"" (5min)"
10429	Well situated in Paris,  near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the flat has a great view of the Eiffel Tower from one of  the balconies. 	"90 square meter flat situated in a very nice building near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, with buses, ""metros"" and bikes around...On a 5th floor with lift, just take advantage of a renovated US kitchen,  cosy living room and  two balconies. Well situated in Paris,  near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, the flat has a great view of the Eiffel Tower from one of  the balconies.  Private bedroom. Private bathroom. Private toilets. Private balcony. US kitchen for breakfast. You will have access to the US kitchen for breakfast and will have a private bathroom and private toilets, and private balcony just for you. I am very open-minded. I can help you for many things ( advice, bookings etc).. Children of 10 years old and over are considered as extra guest (30€) Great neighborhood and safe, even late at night. Lots of restaurants, brasseries, shops, parks, metros, buses, bikes to rent (for 1€).  And The Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars at 5 minutes'walk from my place.. Bus"
10430	THE SPACE It's a typical parisian apartment in a nice Haussmannian building with a small closed courtyard, perfect for kids. There is a very cool balcony on which you can see the Eiffel Tower, magical at night. The building is well maintained by an adorable genitor who will help you out for sure if you have any doubts or question. There's two king size bed, so that makes 4 people max. The apartment is located on the 5th floor and there's an elevator.	Nice parisian apt. in a typical Haussmannian building. Located in the 15th, a peaceful and convenient (shops) district. Nice balcony with Eiffel tower view, magical at night. The place is well equiped, spacious and bright. Closed courtyard for kids. THE SPACE It's a typical parisian apartment in a nice Haussmannian building with a small closed courtyard, perfect for kids. There is a very cool balcony on which you can see the Eiffel Tower, magical at night. The building is well maintained by an adorable genitor who will help you out for sure if you have any doubts or question. There's two king size bed, so that makes 4 people max. The apartment is located on the 5th floor and there's an elevator. GUEST ACCESS The apartment is fully yours! INTERACTION WITH GUESTS I'll be there to hand on the keys and explain you you need/want to know :) THE NEIGHBORHOOD Calm and quiet neighborhood, suitable for family or couples. It's very convenient : here's a lot of small store where you can find very 
10431		Hi ! I rent a room in Paris 15th close to Subway Volontaire (line 12) & Pasteur (Line 6). 25 min walk from Eiffel tower. It's a 57m² Hausmanian flat
10432	Ce bel appartement de 30 m² dispose d’une chambre en mezzanine et peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. Il a été récemment entièrement rénové et redécoré. Le salon est équipé d'un confortable canapé-lit double (140x200), d'une table basse, d'un meuble avec une télévision écran plat avec les chaînes du câble et une connexion Internet sans fil. Vous disposez d’une table dinatoire dans la cuisine ouverte toute équipée. Les toilettes sont séparées La chambre  est à l’étage de l'appartement et donne sur les toits de Paris Il y a un lit queen size (160x200) et une commode. La salle de bain, située également à l’étage dispose d'une  douche et d'un meuble avec lavabo.  	"Appartement de 30 m2 pour 4 personnes esprit ""loft"" sur deux niveaux. Quartier Convention et Porte de Versailles. Au calme d'un immeuble sécurisé rue Lecourbe. 7ème étage avec ascenseur Ce bel appartement de 30 m² dispose d’une chambre en mezzanine et peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. Il a été récemment entièrement rénové et redécoré. Le salon est équipé d'un confortable canapé-lit double (140x200), d'une table basse, d'un meuble avec une télévision écran plat avec les chaînes du câble et une connexion Internet sans fil. Vous disposez d’une table dinatoire dans la cuisine ouverte toute équipée. Les toilettes sont séparées La chambre  est à l’étage de l'appartement et donne sur les toits de Paris Il y a un lit queen size (160x200) et une commode. La salle de bain, située également à l’étage dispose d'une  douche et d'un meuble avec lavabo. Appartement entier L'appartement est situé dans le quartier Convention, dans le 15ème arrondissement, au sud-ouest du centre de Paris. Il se "
10433	Are you looking for a warm place and exchange that allows you to feel at home while enjoying the parisian charm... then you are at the right place! The apartment : The first room opens onto a bright and quiet courtyard, it is composed of two single beds (bunk beds). The second bedroom is furnished with a very comfortable double bed ( bought recently) and a work desk. Our living room has a sofa bed. For entertainment, you will also find a 82 inch flat screen TV with over 300 channels and a DVD player and internet access high speed WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped, you will find hob, microwave, dishwasher and all the necessary equipment to allow you to cook nicely. Our bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine, you will also have at your disposal a hairdryer. The apartment is located on the 1st floor (with elevator). Access to the building is secure (intercom). Very careful, I attach great importance to cleanliness and comfort of my guests. Bed linen and towels are provided.	Apartment Close EIFFEL TOWER /PARC DES EXPOSITIONS 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms  4-6 persons, 52 m2 Are you looking for a warm place and exchange that allows you to feel at home while enjoying the parisian charm... then you are at the right place! The apartment : The first room opens onto a bright and quiet courtyard, it is composed of two single beds (bunk beds). The second bedroom is furnished with a very comfortable double bed ( bought recently) and a work desk. Our living room has a sofa bed. For entertainment, you will also find a 82 inch flat screen TV with over 300 channels and a DVD player and internet access high speed WIFI. The kitchen is fully equipped, you will find hob, microwave, dishwasher and all the necessary equipment to allow you to cook nicely. Our bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine, you will also have at your disposal a hairdryer. The apartment is located on the 1st floor (with elevator). Access to the building is secure (intercom). Very careful, I attach great im
10434	The apartment is located at the 1st floor without lift but easily accessible. This very well furnished appartment has been completely renovated and newly equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, fridge with freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, ceramic hob and convection oven, flat screen TV, individual heater in every room + towel heater in the bathroom - linen & towels furnished - hair-dryer - Baby kit : 1 highchair, 1 folding cot with mattress & bed sheets, 1 stroller - tastefully decorated for a warm and personalized welcome for the sole purpose of being rented exclusively for demanding tourists. Free internet access and wi-fi - Flat screen TV. 2 bedrooms: one bedroom with a double bed 160 x 200 + 1 daybed that can be adapted in 1 bed for 1 child (- 10 years) / 1 bedroom with 2 single beds 90 x 200 (possibility of closer to 1 single bed) - In the living room a very confortable sofa bed (bed 140 x 200).	"In the heart of the 15th arrondissement located in the Vaugirard at 50 meters of ""Vaugirard"" Subway station, charming appartment completely renovated & tastefully decorated, offering all amenities including transports, shops and tourist attractions. The apartment is located at the 1st floor without lift but easily accessible. This very well furnished appartment has been completely renovated and newly equipped: dishwasher, washing machine, fridge with freezer, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, ceramic hob and convection oven, flat screen TV, individual heater in every room + towel heater in the bathroom - linen & towels furnished - hair-dryer - Baby kit : 1 highchair, 1 folding cot with mattress & bed sheets, 1 stroller - tastefully decorated for a warm and personalized welcome for the sole purpose of being rented exclusively for demanding tourists. Free internet access and wi-fi - Flat screen TV. 2 bedrooms: one bedroom with a double bed 160 x 200 + 1 daybed that can be adapted in 1 bed"
10435	The decoration is quite simple as we are leaving this place in a few weeks, but the apartment is clean, tall and very comfortable !	Large bright room in a cosy apartment with kitchen, bathroom, dressing room. Free wifi access, dishwasher. Parking place in the building available (extra 10 euros/night) Located in the 15th district, closed to the eiffel tower. 3 metro lines within 5 min walks (L.6,8,10) Many shops around
10436	Typical and nice 48m2 parisian flat, very cosy, luminuous and quiet located in a small and very peaceful one-way street. 20-minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 20-minutes walk from Le Bon Marché. 4th floor by steps. Well organised with large bedroom furnished with a comfortable queen-size bed, a large living and dining room, a separated kitchen. The kitchen is fully equiped (dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, micro-oven, Nespresso Coffee machine).  The bathroom is equiped with shower and toilets : towels will be let to your attention.  Finally, the living room is very pleasant to stay and equiped with a large sofa-bed (for 2 people), TV, wifi. You'll be accomodated into the sofa which could be converted into a comfortable bed. The sofa is located into the living room which is independant from my bedroom. Of course, you'll have the possibility to access bathroom and kitchen.  ----  - English and spanish speakers are welcome !  - Si vous avez des questions, je serais heureuse de vou	Very typical parisian flat located in a quiet district close to the main turistics attractions ! I'm renting the all living room with a sofa which could be converted into a comfortable bed. Typical and nice 48m2 parisian flat, very cosy, luminuous and quiet located in a small and very peaceful one-way street. 20-minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 20-minutes walk from Le Bon Marché. 4th floor by steps. Well organised with large bedroom furnished with a comfortable queen-size bed, a large living and dining room, a separated kitchen. The kitchen is fully equiped (dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, micro-oven, Nespresso Coffee machine).  The bathroom is equiped with shower and toilets : towels will be let to your attention.  Finally, the living room is very pleasant to stay and equiped with a large sofa-bed (for 2 people), TV, wifi. You'll be accomodated into the sofa which could be converted into a comfortable bed. The sofa is located into the living room which is independant from m
10437	Trés lumineux 2 grandes salles de bain  Cuisine américaine toute équipée avec four, micro ondes, vaisselle, mixeur, grille pain  Chambre équipée de dressing lit double et bureau  Placement exceptionnel Métro Porte de Versailles, 2 Tramway, Parc des expositions et nombreux restaurants à 50m  Monoprix subway Franprix et divers restaurants kebab sushis pizzerias Métro porte de Versailles ligne 12 à 10 mètres  Tramway t2 et t3 En face du parc des expositions et du palais des sports  Nombreux commerces, bien fréquenté, et très accessible en transports  Métro Porte de Versailles ligne 12 en vas de l'immeuble  Métro Balard ligne 8 à 5 minutes Tramways T2 et t3 porte de Versailles à 30 secondes Gare Montparnasse à 7 minutes  	Location d'une chambre pendant tout le mois d avril Appartement 100m2 très bien agencé, situé rue de Vaugirard à Paris dans le 15ème tout équipé A partager avec 2 jeunes actifs mais grande intimité  Chambre fermée a clef  Accès aux 2 salles de bains 2 WC, cuisine tout équipée  Trés lumineux 2 grandes salles de bain  Cuisine américaine toute équipée avec four, micro ondes, vaisselle, mixeur, grille pain  Chambre équipée de dressing lit double et bureau  Placement exceptionnel Métro Porte de Versailles, 2 Tramway, Parc des expositions et nombreux restaurants à 50m  Monoprix subway Franprix et divers restaurants kebab sushis pizzerias Métro porte de Versailles ligne 12 à 10 mètres  Tramway t2 et t3 En face du parc des expositions et du palais des sports  Nombreux commerces, bien fréquenté, et très accessible en transports  Métro Porte de Versailles ligne 12 en vas de l'immeuble  Métro Balard ligne 8 à 5 minutes Tramways T2 et t3 porte de Versailles à 30 secondes Gare Montparnasse à 7 minu
10438	The flat is very spacious, with an American kitchen open on the dinner room and living room. The balcony is real plus to enjoy a rich breakfast before to explore the city or to relax after a long day of sightseeing. The bed is huge for French standards (180*200m).	The flat is ideally located in the center of Paris, very comfortable, ideal for a romantic weekend in Paris. With 60 square meters, it is a real flat, with a convenient ktichen. The flat is very spacious, with an American kitchen open on the dinner room and living room. The balcony is real plus to enjoy a rich breakfast before to explore the city or to relax after a long day of sightseeing. The bed is huge for French standards (180*200m). You will have access to all the rooms: kitchen, dining room, living room, bathroom, balcony... I would be happy to share with you all my favourite places to go out before your trip. The 15th arrondissement is very central and will give you a unique sense of the parisian life. There are so many good restaurants around I am sure you will definitely enjoy your stay in Paris. Line 12: Convention Line 8: Felix Faure Line 10: Emile Zola Plus many buses.
10439		Very close to the public garden Georges Brassens, enjoy a large bedroom in a 60m2 flat, well furnished and lovely decorated. Subway (lines 12 and 13), tram and buses. Every week end there is an old book market just down the building and an old market 5 minutes from the flat.
10440		Chambre pour 2 personnes avec un lit double dans un appartement refait à neuf de 55m2 avec une salle de bain et cuisine à disposition. Tout proche de la rue du commerce ainsi que de la Motte Picquet Grenelle (métros lignes 8, 6 et 10 à proximité).
10441	Notre appartement, très lumineux, se trouve dans un immeuble bourgeois parisien typique. Il y a un living room et 2 chambres dont celle de ma fille qui sera la vôtre. 2 codes sécurisent l'accès à l'immeuble en plus de la vigilance de la gardienne. L'environnement est tranquille et familial. Vous ne pourrez pas ranger de vélo dans l'immeuble mais vous trouverez 2 stations Vélib à 2 pas. The appartment is in an elegant typical Parisian building, at the highest floor, with an elevator. Security access with 2 codes. Plenty of light. The environment is quiet and with families. There is no bicycle storage but you will find a Vélib station one step from the building. There is a living room, our bedroom and my daughter's bedroom : yours !  :-)	Une chambre indépendante, calme et lumineuse pour une personne, dans notre appartement, au dernier étage (avec ascenseur !) d'un immeuble bourgeois. Près de la porte de Versailles, de l'hopital Pompidou, du futur Ministère de la Défense, de l'Aquaboulevard... Transports rapides vers le centre de Paris. Notre appartement, très lumineux, se trouve dans un immeuble bourgeois parisien typique. Il y a un living room et 2 chambres dont celle de ma fille qui sera la vôtre. 2 codes sécurisent l'accès à l'immeuble en plus de la vigilance de la gardienne. L'environnement est tranquille et familial. Vous ne pourrez pas ranger de vélo dans l'immeuble mais vous trouverez 2 stations Vélib à 2 pas. The appartment is in an elegant typical Parisian building, at the highest floor, with an elevator. Security access with 2 codes. Plenty of light. The environment is quiet and with families. There is no bicycle storage but you will find a Vélib station one step from the building. There is a living room, our
10442	Very calm, bright, and clean apartment, located on the 4th floor or an apartment in an impasse.  Proximity to shops (Rue du Commerce is lovely for shopping), restaurants, but especially of the Seine, the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower make it extremely convenient when you spend a few days in Paris! If you want to go somewhere else in Paris, the 4 subway / RER lines within a 3-10 minutes walk are very convenient !	I would be very pleased to host you in a nice private bedroom in my apartment. Kitchen, and bathroom to be shared between me and my host. Very calm and convenient apartment (metro 6, 8, 10, and RER C), very close from Seine and Eiffel Tower.  Very calm, bright, and clean apartment, located on the 4th floor or an apartment in an impasse.  Proximity to shops (Rue du Commerce is lovely for shopping), restaurants, but especially of the Seine, the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower make it extremely convenient when you spend a few days in Paris! If you want to go somewhere else in Paris, the 4 subway / RER lines within a 3-10 minutes walk are very convenient ! Private room, shared bathroom and kitchen. Breakfast included : coffee, tea, hot chocolate, orange juice, toast, homemade jam. Simple but pleasant ! I work during the day but on evenings I am available to discuss, advise, or even go out with my guests! Very quiet (the apartment is in a dead end), but merchant neighborhood, near the Se
10443	Their is a bathroom with a shower and wc, and a main room with a kitchenette+ clik clak bed 160cmX200cm+ TV and internet pricvate connexion	Very quiet studio, simple comfortable and easy to access. At 150m from metro porte de Versaille. The flat was remodel in june 2015. The neighborhood is very quiet and the building is very nice. Great place for a week-end for 2 people visiting Their is a bathroom with a shower and wc, and a main room with a kitchenette+ clik clak bed 160cmX200cm+ TV and internet pricvate connexion The entire flat is for you during your stay. I live 5min away for the summer, so i you need anything feel free to text me, call me, use whatsapp as much as possible. The neighborhood is very quiet and very safe,  There is shops and supermarket nearby some of them are even open the sunday. Metro porte de Versaille line12 Metro ballard ligne 8 Tramway Bus It's really hard to park in this neighborhood so i strongly advice not to use a car in Paris, metro is really close to the building. You can also take the bus or the tramway
10444		Chambre privée dans appartement refait à neuf, calme, traversant et très lumineux. Situation idéale dans quartier sécurisé à proximité de la Tour Eiffel, de 3 lignes de métro et de tous les commerces. La fameuse rue du Commerce à une minute à pied.
10445	Chambre calme et ensoleillée, à votre disposition l'équipement de l'appartement, la salle de bain dispose d'une douche et d'une baignoire. Pour votre confort,je mets à votre disposition les draps, serviettes, shampoing, savon. Ainsi qu'un petit déjeuner Parisien !	Chambre cosy, douillette et confortable, dans appartement parisien du 19ème siècle, donnant sur une cour fleurie, ensoleillée et calme. Central à 50 m du métro Dupleix. A deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars.Commerces, Marché, Restaurants.  Chambre calme et ensoleillée, à votre disposition l'équipement de l'appartement, la salle de bain dispose d'une douche et d'une baignoire. Pour votre confort,je mets à votre disposition les draps, serviettes, shampoing, savon. Ainsi qu'un petit déjeuner Parisien ! le séjour, la cuisine, la salle de bain, chambre.  Je peux vous aider à planifier votre séjour, en vous donnant toutes les informations pratiques et touristiques afin de profiter pleinement de la vie Parisienne.  Le XV ème arrondissement est central, à proximité de  la Tour Eiffel, du Champ de Mars et duTrocadéro.  La station de Métro Dupleix est à deux pas. C'est un quartier commerçant avec de nombreux Cafés et restaurants pour tous les budgets... Par la ligne 6, Station Dupleix
10446	As said before, location is perfect: - 7 minutes to the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero by bus - 15 minutes to the Champs Elysées by bus - 12 minutes to Opera and the Galeries Lafayette and Printemps stores by subway. Located at 3rd floor, this apartment is fully equipped with kitchen, washing machine, cofee machine, TV, high-speed internet Wifi, etc. the studio is ideal for couples. Please note the bed is a high quality real bed mattress placed on a sofa bed and is very comfortable. Everything is provided: Kitchen utensils, linens and towels, etc.. You will only need your toothbrush!  Check-in and check-out are very flexible. As long as no other guest is scheduled for the day of your arrival or departure, you may arrive or leave whenever you want: early in the morning or late at night.  If you have any question, it will be my pleasure to answer. I'm looking forward to welcome you! Lucie	"Very charming apartment and newly renovated. Ideally located in a quiet area with shops at 3 minutes walking, it is close to ""Commerce"" and ""St Charles"" streets and the Beaugrenelle shopping center. As said before, location is perfect: - 7 minutes to the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero by bus - 15 minutes to the Champs Elysées by bus - 12 minutes to Opera and the Galeries Lafayette and Printemps stores by subway. Located at 3rd floor, this apartment is fully equipped with kitchen, washing machine, cofee machine, TV, high-speed internet Wifi, etc. the studio is ideal for couples. Please note the bed is a high quality real bed mattress placed on a sofa bed and is very comfortable. Everything is provided: Kitchen utensils, linens and towels, etc.. You will only need your toothbrush!  Check-in and check-out are very flexible. As long as no other guest is scheduled for the day of your arrival or departure, you may arrive or leave whenever you want: early in the morning or late at night.  If "
10447	In the most attractive touristic area of Paris.	Studio Apartment Close To Eiffel Tower And Many More Touristic Places In Paris In the most attractive touristic area of Paris. Guests will have access to internet and local/international TV channels. I live in the neighborhood and there will always be someone in case you need help. Public transport Line 6, Bir Hakeim (Eiffel Tower) station is two minute walk, Sein River Walk and Trocadéro is also within a few minutes walk.
10448	Studio avec coin cuisine séparé (cuisine toute équipée) 	Studio Cosy et Girly A lot of sun in the morning. Open the large window when the weather is sunny and you will feel outdoor when your feet are still indoors :-). Bath that you can use both as a bath or like a shower (curtains). You will have access to the complete apartment I have often welcome friends from all around the world I can give u a few hints about what too see around Peaceful neighborhood - Residential area, no noise from Restaurants 5 min walk from Metro Plaisance (Light Blue Line 13) going straight to Champs Elysée - Clemenceau and also to Moulin Rouge (Place de Clichy) Bus 62 in front of the building Bus 95 just at the corner - going straight to the Louvre Pyramid  Metro Convention (Green Line 12) ) Going to Concorde and Montmartre Jule Joffrin
10449	You can enjoy the garden and the house.	Charming town house in the heart of Commerce district. Beautiful garden with plancha to cook outside! Great for a family. Metro station by walking distance (line 6,10 and 8). 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower and Champ de Mars You can enjoy the garden and the house. All quality shops (food,clothes) and supermarkets within a minute walk distance! Metro lines 6,8 and 10 by 5 minutes walk!
10450	L'appartement est typiquement parisien. 2 chambres, parquet, moulures, cheminée et grande entrée. Distribution des pièces en étoile. Très agréable à vivre. N'hésitez pas me demander si vous voyager en famille ou entre amis. Nous louons notre appartement pour la période de Noël, soit 15 jours (ou une semaine)	L'appartement est typiquement parisien. 2 chambres, parquet, moulures, cheminée et grande entrée. Distribution des pièces en étoile. Très agréable à vivre. N'hésitez pas me demander si vous voyager en famille ou entre amis. Nous louons notre appartement pour la période de Noël, soit 15 jours (ou une semaine) Boucherie, boulangerie, cordonnier, petits squares, restaurants et café en bas de chez nous ! C'est un quartier calme mais vivant et bien desservi, tout peut se faire à pied. A proximité de l'appartement (5 minutes à pied) se trouvent les ligne 12 et 8 du métro. De nombreux bus également dont le 80, le 62 et 70 qui vous dépose au pied de l'immeuble ! Nous cherchons évidemment des gens soigneux et respectueux du lieu qu'ils habitent le temps d'un séjour. Nous tenons à garder cet endroit tel qu'il est, soigné et propre ! 
10451		We rent a private bedroom in our apartment.
10452	Cet endroit est un atelier d'artiste au calme au fond d'un jardin, petite maison sur deus niveaux avec verrière	Cet endroit est un atelier d'artiste au calme au fond d'un jardin, petite maison sur deus niveaux avec verrière Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité du logement en fonction des disponibilités, nous pourrons accueillir les voyageurs Nous sommes situés à deux pas de tout commerce et à 10 min du champ de mars, le centre de Paris est accessible très rapidement par les transports en commun.  Vous pouvez accéder en métro, bus, voiture. Nous disposons d'une place de parking à deux portes de la maison.
10453	petit (25 m2) mais sympa au 2éme étage sur cour, sans ascenseur  et surtout bien situé dans un quartier trés vivant 	coquet petit appartement situé dans un quartier trés animé et commerçant ;  2ème étage sur cour d'un vieil immeuble dont  l'entrée vieillotte  va être rénovée. Bénéficant d'un trés grand calme avec plein soleil le  matin ; petit (25 m2) mais sympa au 2éme étage sur cour, sans ascenseur  et surtout bien situé dans un quartier trés vivant Desservi par 2 lignes de métro, la 8 et la 10, plusieurs  lignes de bus, 62, 88, 42 je parle un peu l'anglais (mais not fluently) et je me débrouille mieux en espagnol quartier trés animé ; avec ses brasseries et tous les commerces de mode et de bouche dans la rue du commerce ainsi que dans la rue  Saint Charles  ; la FNAC et Marks and Spencer au centre commercial de Beaugrnelle à 5 minutes , Tour Eiffel à 30 minutes à pied. 2 lignes de métro, la 10 et la 8 sstations Charles Michels et Félex Faure, RER à quelques stations vous conduisent au coeur de Paris, au château de Versailles et aux aéroports
10454	"-Located in a busy area close to shops (""rue du commerce"" one of the biggest shop street in Paris), restaurants, clubs, free garden... -The apartment at the 1st floor is really calm, the window kitchen is open to a calm court. -In the Bathroom you can enjoy bath-tub !! There is no elevator."	"35 square meters apartment with large living space/room & large kitchen in the Paris west, close to Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Tower & Saint-Germain des Près. Only 20min from Champs Elysées & Musée du Louvres. 1 double bed + 1 simple bed.  -Located in a busy area close to shops (""rue du commerce"" one of the biggest shop street in Paris), restaurants, clubs, free garden... -The apartment at the 1st floor is really calm, the window kitchen is open to a calm court. -In the Bathroom you can enjoy bath-tub !! There is no elevator. L'APPARTEMENT CONTIENT (FLAT INCLUDE) : Électroménager (Household appliances) : - Television + DVD Player - Double plaque à induction (double induction hot plate) - Four Micro onde (micro wave) - Four Traditionnel jusqu'a 280° (Oven) - Grand Réfrigérateur avec freezer (big fridge) - Machine à laver le linge (Washing machine) - Machine à café (NESPRESSO machine) - Bouilloire (kettle) - Aspirateur (Vacuum cleaner) - Freebox internet - Fer à repasser (pressing clean "
10455	Je vous propose de profiter d'une grande chambre indépendante avec tout le confort moderne d'un appartement parisien. Le canapé lit est idéal pour deux personnes et très confortable. L'appartement en lui même est calme et lumineux. Situé au 3e étage, il bénéficie d'un ascenseur.  Tout près de l'hyper centre vous pourrez apercevoir les Invalides et la Tour Eiffel de la rue. 	Chambre privative dans un deux pièces charmant au cœur du XVème, proche des Invalides, Tour Eiffel & Montparnasse.  Possible d’accueillir deux personnes, idéal pour les jeunes/étudiants qui souhaitent visiter Paris. Je vous propose de profiter d'une grande chambre indépendante avec tout le confort moderne d'un appartement parisien. Le canapé lit est idéal pour deux personnes et très confortable. L'appartement en lui même est calme et lumineux. Situé au 3e étage, il bénéficie d'un ascenseur.  Tout près de l'hyper centre vous pourrez apercevoir les Invalides et la Tour Eiffel de la rue.  cuisine équipée : four, bouilloire, grille pain, cafetière, machine à laver etc. WIFI draps et serviettes fournis  contactez moi par mail ! Le charmant quartier du XVe arrondissement de Paris est un magnifique endroit ou se promener. Vous pourrez flâner rue du commerce pour profiter de toutes les boutiques possibles, prendre un café dans un des bistrots de la Motte-Picquet, poursuivre jusqu'à la tour Eif
10456	Room for rent in apartment. Classic two-bedrooms parisian flat (68 sqm). An elegant and soothing combination of old world charm and modern design with all the amenities. Lounge, kitchen, and bathroom are shared with the host (on morning & evening), but you'll feel at home all day :-) 	Chambre de 20m² - Room near Eiffel Tower - Appartement à partager de 3 pièces - 60m² est idéalement situé pour profiter au mieux de Paris ; à deux pas du métro. Cuisine, salle de bain et toilette séparée. Possibilité de visiter Paris en Vespa ! Room for rent in apartment. Classic two-bedrooms parisian flat (68 sqm). An elegant and soothing combination of old world charm and modern design with all the amenities. Lounge, kitchen, and bathroom are shared with the host (on morning & evening), but you'll feel at home all day :-)  balcony, bathtub, ... TV, DVD player, Wifi, ... Washing machine, Dryer, Dishwasher, ... Toaster, tea machine, ... What else ? :-) You are welcome in an open-minded, couchsurfer spirit. I love share a good wine with cheese. I can show good restaurants, and bring with me on friends party :) Very lively and central district to discover Paris. The appartment is at 2 steps from Eiffel tower... You'll find all you need in the neighborhood (supermarkets, cafés, restaurant
10457		Master bedroom with use of living room, kitchen (stove, oven, fridge, Nespresso machine & washing/dryer machine) in a spacious 58 sam apartment with all amenities. walking distance to Metro and Porte de Versailles
10458	Son cachet parisien du début du siècle. Sa proximité (moins de 5 mins) avec le métro : Ligne M6 (Tour Eiffel) et ligne M12 (Montmartre). La gare Montparnasse se situe à 5 mins pour vous rendre ensuite à Versailles.	Situé dans un quartier calme et sûr, ce magnifique appartement de 65m2 au pied du métro Pasteur vous offrira toutes les commodités attendues pour votre séjour à Paris. L'appartment est doté d'un grand balcon est tout équipé et très fonctionnel (Wifi TV lave-linge).  La chambre privée est grande et très calme. Elle permet d'accueillir deux personnes. La gare Montparnasse est situé à 5 mins de l'appartement ainsi que la station de Métro Pasteur (M6 Tour Eiffel, et M12 Montmartre). Son cachet parisien du début du siècle. Sa proximité (moins de 5 mins) avec le métro : Ligne M6 (Tour Eiffel) et ligne M12 (Montmartre). La gare Montparnasse se situe à 5 mins pour vous rendre ensuite à Versailles. Nous sommes un couple de GRANDS voyageurs. Nous apprécions beaucoup l'accueil qui nous est réservé dans les pays que nous visitons. Nous serions ravis de vous apporter également notre aide et vous conseiller sur Paris et plus largement la France. Ambiance sympathique et presque villageoise. Quartier 
10459		Je suis dans dans mon appartement propre et calme tout équipé, à 300 m de la tour Eiffel et je loue 1 chambre avec 1 lit, il y a un canapé au salon. A Room clean and quiet in my apartment fully equipped, 300 meters from the Eiffel Tower. 1 bed 1 personne, Welcome Paris Je peux faire une offre si location plusieurs mois.
10460	This apartment is very sunny. The sun will pass by the windows in the afternoon, giving a warm and welcoming atmosphere. View over the internal large patio it privies peace and silent nights. The living room will be transform in a rest room by night but once you close the bed, the room transforms itself into a convivial space for eat, watch TV or even drink a cup of wine.	Warm, calm and sunny apartment, near to metro stations, 3 buses and supermarket, restaurants and beautiful shopping street.  5th floor (without elevator) One idependent room for two (double bed), one living room with bed-sofa kitchen, and bathroom.  You will have to share the apartment with one more persone staying in the livingroom. This apartment is very sunny. The sun will pass by the windows in the afternoon, giving a warm and welcoming atmosphere. View over the internal large patio it privies peace and silent nights. The living room will be transform in a rest room by night but once you close the bed, the room transforms itself into a convivial space for eat, watch TV or even drink a cup of wine. complete apartment access. If you need so we can explain the access to transportation and so on. We can also lend a very handy paris map. Calm neighborhood with a beautiful shopping street, nice bars and restaurants. Very close of the Eiffel Tower ! Very close to metro (line 8) and 3 buse
10461	"One entrance, Bedroom, living room, one bathroom with a shower and separate toilets,  Perfect for two guests. Queen-sized bed (160*190 cm ) (63*75"") Elevator access ***Apartment includes*** -Internet (Wi-Fi) -TV (cable network)  -HiFi *** Kitchen *** I love to cook, it's well equipped : -Refrigerator -Microwave / oven -Nespresso Coffee Maker -Toaster -Spices -Rice cooker *** "	"Light, bright and cosy. With 3 metro lines around, go quickly where you want in Paris. Easy access to Eiffel tower.  Direct to Pigalle, Château de Versailles and Orsay museum. The neighborhood is nice, clean, and safe, with a friendly atmosphere. One entrance, Bedroom, living room, one bathroom with a shower and separate toilets,  Perfect for two guests. Queen-sized bed (160*190 cm ) (63*75"") Elevator access ***Apartment includes*** -Internet (Wi-Fi) -TV (cable network)  -HiFi *** Kitchen *** I love to cook, it's well equipped : -Refrigerator -Microwave / oven -Nespresso Coffee Maker -Toaster -Spices -Rice cooker *** Very easy. 1 change from/to CDG airport. Take train and change for tramway at  'Cité Université' station stop 'Porte de Versailles'. I will give you all details you need to reach my apartment before your arrival. When you arrive I try to meet you at the house to welcome you and hand over the keys, introduce you to the neighborhood and answer any questions you have.  The ne"
10462	Charming apartment in the 15th district of Paris for 2 to 4 people. 2 beds are in two different rooms (one sofa in the living room). The bedroom possesses a big bed 2 places as well as arrangements. The apartment is of 60m2: bedroom,living room,kitchen,bathroom and separate toilets. Linen of bed and towels will be provided you with. The apartment is situated in the 2nd floor with elevator and gives onto a quiet side street as for the living room and onto a yard as for the bedroom.  Spacious, bright, near subway, station and any conveniences. Close to the Eiffel Tower, to Disabled persons and to the Latin Quarter. Ideally placed to take advantage at best of your stay.	Charming room of 20m ² with arrangements. Apartment of 60m ² situated well to take advantage at best of Paris; just a step from the subway of lines. Kitchen,bathroom and separate toilets.       Charming apartment in the 15th district of Paris for 2 to 4 people. 2 beds are in two different rooms (one sofa in the living room). The bedroom possesses a big bed 2 places as well as arrangements. The apartment is of 60m2: bedroom,living room,kitchen,bathroom and separate toilets. Linen of bed and towels will be provided you with. The apartment is situated in the 2nd floor with elevator and gives onto a quiet side street as for the living room and onto a yard as for the bedroom.  Spacious, bright, near subway, station and any conveniences. Close to the Eiffel Tower, to Disabled persons and to the Latin Quarter. Ideally placed to take advantage at best of your stay. Kitchen,Living Room,WC,Bathroom
10463	There are 2 rooms for rent separately. Each one can accomodate 2 guests. So the price of the night is for 1 room   two guests, the second one available in the same time upon special request	10 mns walk Eiffel Tower, in a quiet residence close to a mall & commercial area. 5 mns from all public transport, enjoy this comfy appt, 5th floor (lift) in a safe residence. You will appreciate the  little terrace overlooking a garden There are 2 rooms for rent separately. Each one can accomodate 2 guests. So the price of the night is for 1 room   two guests, the second one available in the same time upon special request The guests have access to the whole appartment execpt my room and the second room rented apart. They can take breakfast at home, but I am the only one to cook :-) I am quite always welcoming my hosts when I am at home and not on business trip? I can prepare meals on request.  I love helping guests to organise their trip and have documentation on museums, exhibitions, tours in and around Paris Ideally situated in a quiet and residential district but close to a big Mall (10 mns walk) and lively area with shops, restaurants all around, all types of food, and bars & pubs
10464		Bel appartement parisien très bien situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Salon, cuisine et salle de bain à disposition. Je mets à disposition une chambre très cosy avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel. Le champs de mars est situé à 5 min à pieds.
10465		Un charmant appartement tout équipé situé au pied de la mythique Tour Eiffel !  Les fenêtres donnent sur le jardin. Idéal pour un week end en amoureux ou un petit séjour entre amis !
10466	Au 5ème étage (avec ascenseur), pas de bruits de rue car l'appartement donne sur une cour ! 	Bright and cosy flat for 2 people with separate bedroom, fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and living room (with double sofa bed).
10467		10m^2 private room with real double bed in calmest part of the apartment Window is next to inner square. Room is just next to WC and bathroom 35m^2 living room with all facilities, TV, internet... Cohabitation with three very nice young man.
10468	The appartment is around 45M²	I will be pleased to receive you in my lovely apartment located just 500m from the MAGNIFIQUE Tower ! 1 bedroom,  large living room, trendy bathroom and cute kitchen will make you feel like at home ! The appartment is around 45M² Even if I rent the room you will have access to all the appartment.  You can use the kitchen, the living room and of course the bathroom. I will be here to have a tea, coffee or a glass of wine :) in order to welcome you but also to give you the best adivces to visit the city ! As soon as you reach you will have my personnal recommendations in order to visit the city by the BEST and EPICURIEAN WAY ! The neighborhood is a family one, so it is really safe and quite safe. However, 5 less than 5 minutes (by walk) away you will find everything you need : Bars, restaurants, supermarkets, subways and of course THE EIFFEL TOWER. 3 line of subway( metro) are 3 minutes by walk from the appartment, the line n°6, 8 and 10; which goes all trough Paris.
10469	very well ept appartment, very quiet, bright	 I live with 2 very nice roommates, in a very big, bright Parisian flat. 10 min away from Pernety metro, 12 min away from Pasteur, buses everywhere around the house. the room is for 1 or for 2. the longer you stay the better. price for 3 weeks: 550€
10470	Studio 17m2, 4th floor with elevator.	Renovated studio in the 15th arrondissement, just 15 minutes walk from the Expo Park Porte de Versailles. Very well connected, 2 minutes walk from the metro station Convention, Boucicaut line 12 or line 8. Studio 17m2, 4th floor with elevator. -TV , Cable and internet -Kitchen and Hotplate -Micro waves -refrigerator -Machine Nescafé ( repair ) -Shower And WC -sheets And towels We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the keys. Nice district and ideally located 15 minutes walk from Paris Expo Porte de Versailles. In this area you will have available bars, all kinds of restaurants, supermarkets, department stores ... but also small traditional markets (cheese, vegetable, ...) Line 8, Boucicaut : Les Invalides, La Concorde, Jardin des Tuileries, Musée du Louvres, La Madeleine, Les Grands Magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette), Le Canal Saint Martin, le quartier du Marais, La Bastille, Roissy Bus (Opéra) Line 12, Convention : Montmartre, Le Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, La Tour 
10471	Charmant studio dans appartement, proche Tour Eiffel, Invalides et Parc des Expositions. A disposition: une cuisine privée, table à manger, TV, wi-fi, salle de bain, machine à laver...(draps fournis). Nous louons un Studio dans notre appartement qui a été entièrement rafraichi récemment (+ double vitrage). Ce studio dispose d'un vrai lit qui peut accueillir maximum deux personnes. Tout l'équipement nécessaire est à votre disposition.  Remise des clés à partir de 18h30 - Vous profiterez à titre privatif, d'une chambre ainsi que de la cuisine. - La salle de bain sera la seule pièce à partager - Nous vous accueillerons pour la remise des clefs  qui se fera à partir de 18h30 et pourrons vous donner les conseils que vous désirez sur les bons plans du quartier, à savoir : restaurants, théâtres, boutiques, musées ..... - Ligne 12, station Vaugirard ( 2 minutes ) - Ligne 6, Station Cambronne ( 5 minutes ) Lignes de Bus : (phone number hidden), 	Nice room with kitchen in apartment, located close to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Parc of Expositions. There are an open private kitchen, eating table, TV, wi-fi, shower room (washing machine free) and a real bed.
10472		Private room in a charming 60m2 flat, your soft nest welcomes you during your stay in Paris. Warm living space near Eiffel Tower, enjoy the public transports (subway: La Motte Picquet-Grenelle/Cambronne) and the city center (Champs-Élysées).
10473	Tout le charmes des appartements hausmanniens	Je vous propose ma chambre d'amis dans mon appartement situé dans un immeuble hausmannien  meublé entre des meuble anciens et meubles design L'appartement se situe à 10 min de la Tour Eiffel Les photos viendrons courant septembre car je suis en plein déménagement ;) Tout le charmes des appartements hausmanniens Vous aurez accès à tous le logement sauf ma chambre Je suis disponible en mâtinée et en soirée Métro, bus et périf Je possède un chat
10474	"Paris 15th arrondissement  1990 building - 1st French floor with elevator • Bright room with two windows • Queen Size bed • Wifi access  • TV • Private bathroom and toilets Surrounding Right off the Seine and the “Pont Mirabeau” made famous for these verses of Guillaume APOLLINAIRE: "" Under the bridge Mirabeau the Seine flows... "". The Park André Citroën (fourteen hectares which borders the Seine) is within a 3-4 minutes walk, the Eiffel Tower is within a twenty-minute walk. Within walking distance are: restaurants, cafés, market, typical parisian streets (rue du Commerce), olympic swimming pool  ... Transports Métro and RER Javel (ligne 10, RER C) four minute walk Direct for Latin Quarter (10 mn) With RER C, direct trip to Château de Versailles Block away from bus routes (42, 72, 88) to le Louvre, Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Champs Elysées, Opéra ..."	"Paris 15th arrondissement  1990 building - 1st French floor with elevator • Bright room with two windows • Queen Size bed • Wifi access  • TV • Private bathroom and toilets Surrounding Right off the Seine and the “Pont Mirabeau” made famous for these verses of Guillaume APOLLINAIRE: "" Under the bridge Mirabeau the Seine flows... "". The Park André Citroën (fourteen hectares which borders the Seine) is within a 3-4 minutes walk, the Eiffel Tower is within a twenty-minute walk. Within walking distance are: restaurants, cafés, market, typical parisian streets (rue du Commerce), olympic swimming pool  ... Transports Métro and RER Javel (ligne 10, RER C) four minute walk Direct for Latin Quarter (10 mn) With RER C, direct trip to Château de Versailles Block away from bus routes (42, 72, 88) to le Louvre, Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, Champs Elysées, Opéra ..."
10475	Le balcon plein Sud est un atout dans ce quartier calme !	At 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 5 minutes from the Seine, this cosy bedroom in a  Parisian flat is in the heart of the fifteenth in the pleasant district of Commerce-Boucicaut . The bedroom opens onto a south facing balcony. Wi-Fi Laundry service Kitchen Bathroom Lift You have everything near this flat : grocery, post, bank, butcher, fishmonger, Bio grocery, bars, restaurants, shops, church Metro 8 Bus 62
10476	Our apartment is very bright and calm. It overviews a park on one side and tracks on the other. The window are double-insulated, the flat having been recently renovated.	Spacious rooms in a calm flat with real beds & possibility to set up a futon.  Room 1: 1 single bed. Room 2: 1 single. Room 3: 1 double. + 1 futon. All rooms have thick curtains. Fully equipped kitchen. 1 big bathroom with a bathtub, 1 private bathroom with single shower and sink in 1 room & toilet separate. Wifi available. The flat is located near bakeries, grocery stores & cafés. Our apartment is very bright and calm. It overviews a park on one side and tracks on the other. The window are double-insulated, the flat having been recently renovated. Kitchen, bathroom, toilet, room 1, living room. I will provide advice regarding Paris' main attractions, a metro map and I can guide you towards the closest transportation stop. I will not provide breakfast but we can definitely share a cup of tea or coffee! Brancion is a quiet, family neighborhood. You will find a lot of small shops (grocery shops, bakeries, cafés). The Parc George Brassens is a great place to go to relax; if you come on th
10477	This is a room with all the necessary services (TV , internet, office ) in a 2 room studio it is very well equipped,  located in the 15th arrondissement, in a very nice area 15 minutes bike ride from the Eiffel Tower. The district is lively (restaurants, market , many shops )	I rent a room located in the 15th district of Paris. It is near the Eiffel Tower (6min by car), two different metro lines (Boucicaut line 8 and Charles Michel line 10) and two useful bus lines (42 and 62). I also speak French & Spanish Sandra :) This is a room with all the necessary services (TV , internet, office ) in a 2 room studio it is very well equipped,  located in the 15th arrondissement, in a very nice area 15 minutes bike ride from the Eiffel Tower. The district is lively (restaurants, market , many shops ) The apartment is very well connected, they are two different metro lines . Line 8 ( Convention) , line 10 (Charles Michel ), also the RER C and the TRAM . Many buses you will easily visit Paris . Very sociable and love to travel over the world I love meeting new people; I would be happy to assist you in your visit to Paris Quarter of the 15th arrondissement of Paris , in the west. It is bordered to the northwest by the left bank of the Seine following the banks of Grenelle
10478	Our parisian flat was redecorated a few years ago, is cosy and very well equipped. There is our bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom, the lounge and your private bedroom. Useful to know:  - we have a TV screen which we use to plug into our PCs to watch films on, but we are not connected to TV channels, - we are in a typical parisian building, that means no lift - and we are on the 4th floor! We shall help you with your luggage if we're around though :)	Our guestroom is small but perfect for 2 people to be very comfortable for a few days. We provide bedding & towels, and access to the common areas of our flat - lounge, bathroom and kitchen. Near to bus, metro & tram lines, and all needed amenities ! Our parisian flat was redecorated a few years ago, is cosy and very well equipped. There is our bedroom, the kitchen, the bathroom, the lounge and your private bedroom. Useful to know:  - we have a TV screen which we use to plug into our PCs to watch films on, but we are not connected to TV channels, - we are in a typical parisian building, that means no lift - and we are on the 4th floor! We shall help you with your luggage if we're around though :) You have your private bedroom and have access to the shower room, kitchen and lounge.  In the bedroom there is your bed, a chair, a bed-side lamp, a book case with books you are free to read and a few shelves to put your stuff. Your window overlooks an inside courtyard so it is very quiet :) W
10479	"Bonjour, Nous vous accueillons très chaleureusement dans notre appartement de deux pièces, et mettons à disposition ma chambre, qui fait 12m carrés. L'appartement, qui fait au total 26m carrés et qui se situe au 4ème étage et sur cour, est très agréable et calme.  Charme de l'ancien, avec poutres apparentes dans le séjour, et parquet ancien. L'appartement a été refait à neuf, et la déco, tout en restant sobre, se veut chaleureuse et accueillante. ""Cosy"" et ""charmant"" semblent être de bons adjectifs pour qualifier l'appartement ! L'appartement se trouve au coin de la rue de Vaugirard et du boulevard Pasteur, soit à une minute à pied du métro Pasteur. Proche de toutes commodités (boulangerie, épicerie, pharmacie, banque, restaurants, cafés, bureau de tabac...), à moins de dix minutes à pieds de la gare Montparnasse, l'appartement est idéalement placé : l'avenue de Breteuil est à deux pas, la Tour Eiffel et le Champ de Mars à dix minutes, le jardin du Luxembourg à 15 minutes... Le tout da"	"Chambre de 12m carrés, dans un appartement situé au 4ème étage, sur cour (et donc très calme) avec vue dégagée, très lumineux, et tout confort. A 1 minute du métro Pasteur (ligne 6 et 12), il est très central, proche de toutes commodités. Bonjour, Nous vous accueillons très chaleureusement dans notre appartement de deux pièces, et mettons à disposition ma chambre, qui fait 12m carrés. L'appartement, qui fait au total 26m carrés et qui se situe au 4ème étage et sur cour, est très agréable et calme.  Charme de l'ancien, avec poutres apparentes dans le séjour, et parquet ancien. L'appartement a été refait à neuf, et la déco, tout en restant sobre, se veut chaleureuse et accueillante. ""Cosy"" et ""charmant"" semblent être de bons adjectifs pour qualifier l'appartement ! L'appartement se trouve au coin de la rue de Vaugirard et du boulevard Pasteur, soit à une minute à pied du métro Pasteur. Proche de toutes commodités (boulangerie, épicerie, pharmacie, banque, restaurants, cafés, bureau de ta"
10480	Cet espace de 56m2 vous offre: 1 entrée 1 salon salle à manger  1 cuisine équipé 1 chambre avec lit de 1m60 1 salle de bain avec douche Toilettes indépendants	A 2 pas du métro ligne 12, proche du parc des expositions Porte de Versailles, du quartier Montparnasse. Appartement calme et lumineux .L'espace accueille idéalement 2 pers. si vous êtes plus nombreux nous pouvons étudier votre demande(canapé lit). Possibilité de parking à la demande.
10481	Il s'agit d'un 60m² avec 2 chambres traversantes de 12,5m² (en location la chambre du fond). L'appartement est entièrement équipé : lave-vaisselle, cuisine équipée, machine à laver, sèche-cheveux, fer à lisser, draps, etc... La chambre dispose d'un vrai lit.	Sous-location d'une chambre pour une période de 25 jours. Il s'agit d'un 60m² avec 2 chambres traversantes de 12,5m² (en location la chambre du fond). L'appartement est entièrement équipé : lave-vaisselle, cuisine équipée, machine à laver, sèche-cheveux, fer à lisser, draps, etc... La chambre dispose d'un vrai lit. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement sauf une des chambres qu'il ne faudra que traverser. Il y a des toilettes séparés de la salle de bain. Une grande cuisine qui donne directement sur le salon. Je reste bien entendu à votre disposition pour tout renseignement / aide tout au long de votre séjour. L'appartement est situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et à 20min à pied de la Tour Eiffel comme de Montparnasse. Les quais les plus proches sont à 15 min à pied. Il s'agit d'une rue commerçante (qui est toutefois en travaux au mois d'août). Il est facile de se garer dans la rue (payante) mais aussi simple de se dépla
10482	Real parisian flat, bright and confortable	Parisian room available for summer in Paris nearby the Eiffel Tower. The flat is shared with a nice flatmate from Hong Kong (Marco is in the other room). Real parisian flat, bright and confortable You will have access to the room, the living room with the american kitchen and the bathroom. Feel free to buy food and cook (but do not use the oven). I will be available by phone during your stay and I can ask friends to help you if needed. You can easily discuss with Marco, our flatmate. It's a familial quarter. There is no tourist. You will easily find the Seine and the Parc Javel-André Citröen at 10 min by walk, and you will see the Eiffel Tour on your way... Métro Lourmel Line 8 at 3min walk Tramway T3a Desnouettes or Balard at 5 min walk Shops everywhere...
10483	THE BUILDING AND THE DISTRICT A 70's residence built, nearby the Montparnasse train station, only a few metro stations away from Quartier Latin and Saint Germain. Both sides (park side, street side) of the apartment are quiet. You will find everything you need nearby : restaurants, cafes, market, bakery, pharmacy ... There are 3 supermarkets in a 200 meters radius, including some open on sunday - hard to find in Paris. APARTMENT 3rd floor with lift, this apartment offers a living room, two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. All rooms are bathed in natural light during the day through the very large windows. The living room, the kitchen and one of the rooms are overlooking a park - green, quiet, and no vis-a-vis ! The two rooms for rent are respectively towards a park and a street with little traffic (hotel, offices). Both rooms are offering increased privacy, being far away from each other and the living room. Bed sheets provided The kitchen is equipped with a gas cooke	A large apartment full of light. It is very well connected with main parisian sights, thanks to 4 subway lines, a train station, and shuttle buses to airports. Two double bedrooms and a large comfortable couch in the living room are at your disposal. THE BUILDING AND THE DISTRICT A 70's residence built, nearby the Montparnasse train station, only a few metro stations away from Quartier Latin and Saint Germain. Both sides (park side, street side) of the apartment are quiet. You will find everything you need nearby : restaurants, cafes, market, bakery, pharmacy ... There are 3 supermarkets in a 200 meters radius, including some open on sunday - hard to find in Paris. APARTMENT 3rd floor with lift, this apartment offers a living room, two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. All rooms are bathed in natural light during the day through the very large windows. The living room, the kitchen and one of the rooms are overlooking a park - green, quiet, and no vis-a-vis ! The two ro
10484	"People come to us for the uniqueness, to have a change from a standard hotel room, or for a light adventure, or simply because they are curious about the boating lifestyle.  The boat is on the water, but it remains docked at all times so guests enjoy a slice of nautical life. You will have access to a private terrasse on the upper deck, just under the Eiffel Tower where you can have romantic dinners, breakfast or BBQs ! We will be very pleased to welcome you on board and to exchange about how to enjoy the neighborhood in the Trocadero / Passy quartier, in the 15th district ( arrondissement ),only a few steps to the famous landmark ""Eiffel Tour"". Shops, restaurants, cafes and art galleries are just around the corner. Enjoy a nice walk in Trocadero garden or in Champs de Mars - Eiffel Tour park. There are 2 metro stations which are very close (100 m) to you ( RER Champs de Mars, M6 lines ), a lot bus line and Taxi under the Eiffel Tower We will be very pleased to welcome you on board and"	"Private studio at the bow of a charming ""péniche"" (38 m), full of comfort (private bathroom and private kitchen...) located in the heart of Paris at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, close to transports and shopping areas. Unforgettable experience !   People come to us for the uniqueness, to have a change from a standard hotel room, or for a light adventure, or simply because they are curious about the boating lifestyle.  The boat is on the water, but it remains docked at all times so guests enjoy a slice of nautical life. You will have access to a private terrasse on the upper deck, just under the Eiffel Tower where you can have romantic dinners, breakfast or BBQs ! We will be very pleased to welcome you on board and to exchange about how to enjoy the neighborhood in the Trocadero / Passy quartier, in the 15th district ( arrondissement ),only a few steps to the famous landmark ""Eiffel Tour"". Shops, restaurants, cafes and art galleries are just around the corner. Enjoy a nice walk in Troca"
10485	GENERAL DESCRIPTION This well located just renovated 40 square meters studio is located on rue Blomet in the 15th arrondissement, on the 3 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows,  2 towels and kitchen utensils for 4 people, vacuum cleaner, iron. The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge 24/7. The flat is especially sunny (the exposition is very good, South, and each room has bay windows) and it's exceptionally quiet since the building is in front of a little park. Each room has a wonderful view on the little Blomet Park. The flat is near to the center of Paris, and next to many turistic places. By foot, you can walk in 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, Porte de Versailles or Montparnasse. You can also rent a bike and travel around Paris with a Velib since you have a Veli	GENERAL DESCRIPTION This well located just renovated 40 square meters studio is located on rue Blomet in the 15th arrondissement, on the 3 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows,  2 towels and kitchen utensils for 4 people, vacuum cleaner, iron. The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge 24/7. The flat is especially sunny (the exposition is very good, South, and each room has bay windows) and it's exceptionally quiet since the building is in front of a little park. Each room has a wonderful view on the little Blomet Park. The flat is near to the center of Paris, and next to many turistic places. By foot, you can walk in 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, Porte de Versailles or Montparnasse. You can also rent a bike and travel around Paris with a Velib since you have a Veli
10486	Look like a four stars hostel with a fully fitteed kitchen with  new equipments. Restored in mai 2015. .	Studio calm, With garden view near Effeil Tower with separed bath room real double bed equiped kitchen TV, Wifi restaurants & shops near by 1mn to Metro & buses, Mairie 15ème, 8mn Effeil Tower, 20mn to Notre Dame & Louvre, 30mn to Montmartre, etc..
10487	Belle chambre lumineuse dans un appartement de 41 m2 au 4eme étage d'un immeuble historique. L'appart est composé d'un grad salon, cuisine, toilettes, machine à laver. à côté de rue de la Convention dans le 15eme arrondissement. 2 minutes à pied du métro Boucicaut ( ligne 8) et 8 du métro Convention (ligne 12).  L'appart sera en colocation avec une jeune couple de 27 ans qui sera présent à partir de 18h	Belle chambre lumineuse dans un appartement de 41 m2 au 4eme étage d'un immeuble historique. 2 minutes à pied du métro Boucicaut ( ligne 8) et 8 du métro Convention (ligne 12). Belle chambre lumineuse dans un appartement de 41 m2 au 4eme étage d'un immeuble historique. L'appart est composé d'un grad salon, cuisine, toilettes, machine à laver. à côté de rue de la Convention dans le 15eme arrondissement. 2 minutes à pied du métro Boucicaut ( ligne 8) et 8 du métro Convention (ligne 12).  L'appart sera en colocation avec une jeune couple de 27 ans qui sera présent à partir de 18h Tout l'appart sauf la chambre des colocataires La jeune couple sera présente le soir et le week-end L'appart est à côté de rue de la Convention, sans doute la partie la plus interessant du XV arrondissement: plein de bars sympas et pas du tout chères, supermarchés et beacoup d'autre commerce. Si vous aimez les promenades, beaucoup d'actrations parisiennes sont rejoignables à pied en 40 minutes au maximum: l'école
10488	Hello!!! Room available in a big apartment, Rue Saint Charles 75015, close to the new mall Beaugrenelle (3mn walking). The neighborhood is really nice and quiet. The apartment is cozy, comfortable and fully equipped (wifi, washing machine, pay tv, Nespresso machine). It has two bedrooms, big living room, small kitchen and toilet with shower. As you can see from the maps, the closest metro is line 10 - Charles Michels (2mn), but you can reach line 8 - Felix Faure - and line 6 - Bir Hakeim - in few minutes walking (6mn). Let me know if you are interested :) See ya! Amine 	Hello!!! Room available in a big apartment, Rue Saint Charles 75015, close to the new mall Beaugrenelle (3mn walking). The neighborhood is really nice and quiet. The apartment is cozy, comfortable and fully equipped (wifi, washing machine, pay tv, Nespresso machine). It has two bedrooms, big living room, small kitchen and toilet with shower. As you can see from the maps, the closest metro is line 10 - Charles Michels (2mn), but you can reach line 8 - Felix Faure - and line 6 - Bir Hakeim - in few minutes walking (6mn). Let me know if you are interested :) See ya! Amine 
10489	Unique car charme de l'ancien mais avec avec un confort moderne.	Chambre cosy avec salle de bain, parfait pour un couple, avec possibilité de rangement. L'appartement se situe dans le 15eme arrondissement dans un quartier sympa et tranquille, à 10min de la Tour Eiffel, 20 min des Invalides. Unique car charme de l'ancien mais avec avec un confort moderne. Vous pouvez avoir accés à tous les équipements de l'appartement. Micro-onde, machine à laver, télévision... Nous pouvons échanger avec plaisir lors de votre voyage. Vous donnez quelque bonnes adresses sur Paris ou discuter autour d'un bon rouge. C'est un quartier calme. Le gros avantage, c'est cette impression de village mais tout en étant à Paris. Nous sommes à deux minutes à pieds de tout le nécessaire en matière de courses (picard, carrefour, Franprix, bureau de tabac, bar et restaurants) et à même pas 3 minutes du joli par André Citroën. Nous sommes à 7minutes à pied de l'arrêt de métro Lourmel (ligne 8) et également de l'arrêt Javel (ligne 10)  Il y a une borne pour les vélos juste en bas de l'
10490	Appartement type Haussmannien : parquet, moulures et belle hauteur sous plafond.  Le logement est confortable et spacieux.  On s'y sent très rapidement comme chez soi.	"Apartment with 2 rooms bright and spacious, kitchen with all the necessary equipment.  It's located next to Montparnasse Tower (panoramic view of Paris), outside market and bars of ""Quartier de la Gaïté"".  15min far from St-Michel and Notre Dame. My room. I know quite well Paris and could give you all the advice you need. Montparnasse tower : panoramic view of Paris (3 min walking) St-Michel & Notre Dame : 3/4 metro stations (20min walking) Eiffel Tower : 6 metro stations Champs Elysées : 5 metro station A lot of bus : can't tell you which one cause i never take bus.  Metro station : 12/13/6/4 Be nice and come with a large smile."
10491	Very nicely decorated studio, located on the 3rd  floor (with elevator) of a parisian building. There is one room, with a double bed hidden behind curtains, which gives intimicy to that part of the flat. In the main room the sofa turns into a small bed for 2 children on 1 adult. You will also find a table to have your meals and a equipped kitchen to cook.   Internet is high speed and unlimited, on Wifi sheets and towels are provided! 	Very nicely decorated studio, located on the 3rd  floor (with elevator) of a parisian building. There is one room, with a double bed hidden behind curtains, which gives intimicy to that part of the flat. In the main room the sofa turns into a small b Very nicely decorated studio, located on the 3rd  floor (with elevator) of a parisian building. There is one room, with a double bed hidden behind curtains, which gives intimicy to that part of the flat. In the main room the sofa turns into a small bed for 2 children on 1 adult. You will also find a table to have your meals and a equipped kitchen to cook.   Internet is high speed and unlimited, on Wifi sheets and towels are provided!  The apartment is entirely yours, you don't have to share it with me! I will give you the keys when you arrive and you'll live the Parisian way of life on your own rythm. I'll provide you with advices and tips on the neighboorhood. I ask that you don't smoke in the apartment and pets are not allowed.  I check 
10492	Modern apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location side of Eiffel Tour. The apartment is accessed by a lift and it features a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a computer, Wifi, a washing machine and en suite facilities. The fully-equipped kitchenette includes a dining area, a stove, an oven and a refrigerator. A coffee machine and kitchenware are also provided. 	Appartment Rodin is just a 10-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and 1-minute from Dupleix Metro Station. It has free Wi-Fi access in apartment. Which can be admired from the studio’s balcony. Free Wi-Fi,Washing machine,Computer,TV are provided. Modern apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location side of Eiffel Tour. The apartment is accessed by a lift and it features a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a computer, Wifi, a washing machine and en suite facilities. The fully-equipped kitchenette includes a dining area, a stove, an oven and a refrigerator. A coffee machine and kitchenware are also provided. WIFI,TV,Computer,All Kitchenware,All Bathware,Towel,Nespresso,Dry-machine,Refrigerator,Oven.... Map of Paris, Map of in and around Appartment, Map of Metro/RER Telephone for connect with us in Apartment. You will be pleased to walk along the alleys of Champ de mars, continue to the Eiffel Tower,Ecole militaire,Inva
10493		Very nice and spacious studio close to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars. Perfect for a short romantic stay in a quiet neighborhood. As original Parisian, if you wish, I will give you good deals and other good tips for you to have the most pleasant stay. It is a very tourist area and very quiet place to rest. - Metro (Station : La motte Picquet Grenelle) : 3 lines (3, 8, 10) - Bus : 3 lines (28, 80, 82) - Velib' at 100m (Paris rental citybike) - Autolib' at (Paris rental citycar)
10494	"Everyone arriving in the flat say ""Woww"".  The gorgeous view will make your stay unforgettable !  ** Awarded as a Superhost by Airbnb  You can have dinner on the terrace while looking at the unforgettable scenery with illuminated Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre, ...  The living-room with 2 large sliding doors will give you a gorgeous view on Paris. The bedroom is on an inner court, very quiet.  If you are traveling with your family, the living room was initially made to be a living-room + a bedroom (for my personal use, I prefer to have a large living room). I have comfortable convertible bed in the living-room (140*200) . This bed will enjoy the great view :-) You have a fully furnished kitchen (big oven, Nespresso, washing machine, dryer, microwave, dishwasher,...).  "	"90m2 flat with an amazing panoramic view in the best area of Paris (7th) ** Awarded as a Superhost by Airbnb  Near  Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Invalides, Musee Orsay, Grand Palais,... 3 metro lines, lot of shops and restaurants Everyone arriving in the flat say ""Woww"".  The gorgeous view will make your stay unforgettable !  ** Awarded as a Superhost by Airbnb  You can have dinner on the terrace while looking at the unforgettable scenery with illuminated Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre, ...  The living-room with 2 large sliding doors will give you a gorgeous view on Paris. The bedroom is on an inner court, very quiet.  If you are traveling with your family, the living room was initially made to be a living-room + a bedroom (for my personal use, I prefer to have a large living room). I have comfortable convertible bed in the living-room (140*200) . This bed will enjoy the great view :-) You have a fully furnished kitchen (big oven, Nespresso, washing machine, dryer, microwave, dishwash"
10495		The rooms in a fully apartment are free from august the 1st 2015 The apartment is located in a block between the metro lines 12 and 13, and four busses run in the area 62-95 and 88- 89. The street features: a weekly market provides fresh vegetables.
10496		Hello, je loue une chambre meublée, Douche et salle de bain commune  Avec : TV 107 cm Air play  Armoire  Canapé convertible  Bureau  Wifi  Refait a neuf, bien éclairée, sur une coure calme dans Paris 15e, Metro convention, ligne 12.  Résidence calme avec gardien proche de tout commerce
10497	Welcome home ! My name is Seb, I am a 30-year-old sound engineer and music lover. I speak several languages (English, Italian..) Every nationality is welcome here ! The flat is 55m2 and there is two rooms, a well-equiped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, WC. The room is very spacious and bright, you have a small desk and a coffee table. Everything you need is near : banks, post service, bakery, etc..	Nice and cosy flat in Montparnasse, perfectly located to explore Paris ! Welcome home ! My name is Seb, I am a 30-year-old sound engineer and music lover. I speak several languages (English, Italian..) Every nationality is welcome here ! The flat is 55m2 and there is two rooms, a well-equiped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, WC. The room is very spacious and bright, you have a small desk and a coffee table. Everything you need is near : banks, post service, bakery, etc.. You will have access to the bathroom, and the kitchen, where you will have your space in the fridge, and place to store your food, too. You can use the washing-machine, and the flat is equipped with WiFi internet. I'll be glad to share my favorite spots and restaurants with you ! The neighborhood is nice with a lot a theaters and excellent restaurants. Jardin du Luxembourg and Les Invalides are at 15 minutes walk. Saint-Germain des prés and Saint-Michel are very close, and the Eiffel Tower is not very far ! Stations
10498	A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Appartement calme de 40m2 avec une chambre, un salon fermé (faisant office de seconde chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places), une salle de douche (à l'italienne), une cuisine tout équipée. Pouvant accueillir 2 personnes.	A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Chambre tout confort avec canapé-lit 2 places, TV et Internet dans appartement tout équipé. A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Appartement calme de 40m2 avec une chambre, un salon fermé (faisant office de seconde chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places), une salle de douche (à l'italienne), une cuisine tout équipée. Pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. -Télévision (cable HD) -Internet fibre optique -Lave-vaisselle -Réfrigérateur/Congélateur -Machine à café Nespresso (10 capsules offertes) -Lave-linge/Étendoir/Fer à repasser -Sèche cheveux -1 Bouteille de vin offerte Joignable à tout moment mais votre tranquillité est ma priorité ! -La Tour Eiffel -Champ de Mars -Trocadéro -Rue du Commerce -École Militaire -Centre commercial Beaugrenelle -Pont Bir-Hakeim Arrêt de métro : La Motte-Picquet à 150m -Lignes 6/8/10 -Nombreux bus et stations de taxi Draps/Serviettes fournis
10499		Chambre privée dans un appartement calme et très lumineux de 49m2 avec balcon, salle de bain, cuisine (et deux chats) au dernier étage avec vue sur la petite ceinture. Possibilité de location long durée pour personne travaillant 1/2 semaine à Paris. 
