32700		Studio pour 2 de 18 m2 refait à neuf en RDC dans un immeuble ancien très parisien près du métro Guy Moquet dans une rue calme.  Comprend Lit en mezzanine (140x200), canapé fixe,cuisine équipée et coin repas. Douche italienne, wc, et lavabo séparé.
32701	Le locataire reconnaît que le mobilier et les lieux sont conformes à l'inventaire(*). Il doit les rendre, en fin de contrat, dans l’état où il les a reçus. Si le locataire ne peut pas modifier la disposition des meubles. Le locataire doit effectuer inventaire à l'entrée dans les lieux et informer l'hôte de toute omission dans l'inventaire d'entrée(*). Le locataire s'engage à assumer les frais de remise en état des dégradations qu'il aurait pu commettre de son fait aux murs (peinture, trous, collages…), aux meubles, aux installations sanitaires et électriques ou à la literie. La caution sera restituée en tout ou partie au départ du locataire après état des lieux de sortie. Le locataire s’engage à maintenir le studio dans un ordre garantissant le respect de l’hygiène. A son départ, il est tenu de rendre le studio dans un parfait état de propreté. S’il en était autrement : durant le séjour, le nettoyage sera 15 €.  Par ailleurs, tout objet trouvé dans le studio au départ du locataire sera	Studio meublé d'environ 25 m2, situé à Abbesses- quartier Montmartre, dans un immeuble au pied de la butte, au 1er étage. côté cour Cet appartement comporte 1 salon, 1 cuisine américaine, 1 salle de bain.  Le chauffage, la télévision, internet Le locataire reconnaît que le mobilier et les lieux sont conformes à l'inventaire(*). Il doit les rendre, en fin de contrat, dans l’état où il les a reçus. Si le locataire ne peut pas modifier la disposition des meubles. Le locataire doit effectuer inventaire à l'entrée dans les lieux et informer l'hôte de toute omission dans l'inventaire d'entrée(*). Le locataire s'engage à assumer les frais de remise en état des dégradations qu'il aurait pu commettre de son fait aux murs (peinture, trous, collages…), aux meubles, aux installations sanitaires et électriques ou à la literie. La caution sera restituée en tout ou partie au départ du locataire après état des lieux de sortie. Le locataire s’engage à maintenir le studio dans un ordre garantissant le r
32702	Beautiful apartment F2, 45 m ², renewed in 2012, 1st and last floor on inner courtyard, big living room (30m ²) with sofa of angle convertible into comfortable bed for 2 persons, dining table, makes windows in double glazing, wall in visible stones, open-plan kitchen any outing with 4 plates(patches) vitreous ceramics, big refrigerator with freezer, oven and microwave. Bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine. Double bed in the bedroom. In 10 minutes of Montmartre on foot (Sacré Coeur), the African district of Chateau Rouge, popular and lively area will welcome you with its numerous convenience stores (bakery, pharmacy 24 hours a day, supermarkets) and its 3 lines of accessible subway between 2 and 6 min on foot who allow you to cross Paris in 30 min (ligne 4 M Chateau rouge, ligne 12 Marcadet Poissonniers, ligne 2 Barbès Rochechouart) Various restaurants in a perimeter of 10 / 15min on foot, Indian, Japanese, Chinese, Thai, African... Good addresses on request!	Beautiful apartment F2, 45 m ², renewed in 2012, 1st and last floor on inner courtyard, big living room (30m ²) with sofa of angle convertible into comfortable bed for 2 persons, dining table, makes windows in double glazing, wall in visible stones, open-plan kitchen any outing with 4 plates(patches) vitreous ceramics, big refrigerator with freezer, oven and microwave. Bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine. Double bed in the bedroom. In 10 minutes of Montmartre on foot (Sacré Coeur), the African district of Chateau Rouge, popular and lively area will welcome you with its numerous convenience stores (bakery, pharmacy 24 hours a day, supermarkets) and its 3 lines of accessible subway between 2 and 6 min on foot who allow you to cross Paris in 30 min (ligne 4 M Chateau rouge, ligne 12 Marcadet Poissonniers, ligne 2 Barbès Rochechouart) Various restaurants in a perimeter of 10 / 15min on foot, Indian, Japanese, Chinese, Thai, African... Good addresses on request!
32703	"Is our cocoon 2 minutes walk from the funiculaire of montmatre and the famous multicolor fabrics market. It is right in the middle of a block with no street around the building at the 5th floor so it's a very quiet and luminous place. It has been 100% refitted this year. If you like mojito and good food, we'll bring you to our favorite  ""le bar du commerce"" at the corner of the street! Dish washer, washing machine, wifi and our best juicer... And above all, a really confortable sofa! Victoire et Matthieu Love appartment in Montmartre"	"Is our cocoon 2 minutes walk from the funiculaire of montmatre and the famous multicolor fabrics market. It is right in the middle of a block with no street around the building at the 5th floor so it's a very quiet and luminous place. It has been 100% refitted this year. If you like mojito and good food, we'll bring you to our favorite  ""le bar du commerce"" at the corner of the street! Dish washer, washing machine, wifi and our best juicer... And above all, a really confortable sofa! Victoire et Matthieu Love appartment in Montmartre"
32704	I invite you to stay in my very comfortable sweet studio, fully equipped, sofa bed for 2, closet dressing, fully accommodated kitchen,(microwave, fridge, induction cooktop, coffee machine dolce gusto, kettle, dishes, glasses, breakfast bowl, pan, saucepan, cutlery. bathroom with Italian Shower and toilet. To enjoy your stay, you will find TV full HD / Free Internet access very high speed.	Located in the heart of Montmartre an animated area close to Basilique Sacre Coeur, renovated appartment, furnished accommodation : Very comfortable Sofa Bed, Bathroom with Italian Shower, toilet, Fully equipped kitchen, Free Wifi..... I invite you to stay in my very comfortable sweet studio, fully equipped, sofa bed for 2, closet dressing, fully accommodated kitchen,(microwave, fridge, induction cooktop, coffee machine dolce gusto, kettle, dishes, glasses, breakfast bowl, pan, saucepan, cutlery. bathroom with Italian Shower and toilet. To enjoy your stay, you will find TV full HD / Free Internet access very high speed. Very quiet appartment seen on inner courtyard I remain at your disposal and reachable anytime should you need any further information's. Montmartre, one of the most authentic areas of Paris, famous for its Basilique du Sacré Cœur, for its amazing view of Paris, come sing and dance with its street artists located on the stairs of the basilique, enjoy the exceptional walk
32705	It's a brand new studio , really clear and calm , with a very nice ambiance .	 A cosy and comfortable studio , with a big window in front of a small park , the kitchen all wood made, a fantastic shower,really clear  . Many subway station just down the street , Canal Saint-Martin is a 5 min walk, Montmartre also ! Enjoy... It's a brand new studio , really clear and calm , with a very nice ambiance . Everything If you need any advice about Paris , don't hesitate to ask. Small bar really calm ,it is not a touristic area, but one of the last real Paris district, and very close to famous places like Montmarte , Pigalle, Canal saint Martin , Buttes Chaumont... Metro line 2 , La Chapelle , Train line Gare du Nord , metro line 4 , Barbés.
32706	The flat is a real home, so you'll feel as if it were your own place.	Original flat in a walking distance from Sacrecoeur, the neighbours' city hall, the Goutte d'Or and the St. Ouen Flea Market.  If you want to live the French experience in the 18th dynamic melting pot district this cozy two bedroom flat is for you ! The flat is a real home, so you'll feel as if it were your own place. Double room, WIFI, living room, toilette, WC, kitchen,  A very close and cheap veggie market runs 3 times/week. If needed can help you with some city tips. My street it is plenty of different restaurants and bars, and is very close to the trendy and touristic Montmartre.  Since the flat is in Paris intramural, metro lines 4 and 12 and buses run all the time and are very easy to use. Just flavour and enjoy a real Paris !!!
32707	Joli 2 pièces équipées au cinquième étage ,a une belle chambre avec un lit (cent quarante par deux cents) ,2 fauteuils avec table basse, TV lcd, chaine hifi, radio réveil, cuisine (frigo, plaque vitrocéramique, grille pain, cafetière, théière,micro ondes, vaisselles ) et salle de bain avec wc, douche. Acces Internet WiFi L'appartement est idéalement bien placé proche du marché couvert traditionnel et de boulangeries, restaurants, bars, pharmacies, banques, jardin public, bibliothèque, piscine, métro et bus à 5 minutes.	Joli 2 pièces équipées, proche du marché couvert traditionnel et de restaurants, métro à 5 minutes avec accès direct a Montmartre. Nice flat to spend a few days in PARIS near subway station, restaurants and traditionnal market. Joli 2 pièces équipées au cinquième étage ,a une belle chambre avec un lit (cent quarante par deux cents) ,2 fauteuils avec table basse, TV lcd, chaine hifi, radio réveil, cuisine (frigo, plaque vitrocéramique, grille pain, cafetière, théière,micro ondes, vaisselles ) et salle de bain avec wc, douche. Acces Internet WiFi L'appartement est idéalement bien placé proche du marché couvert traditionnel et de boulangeries, restaurants, bars, pharmacies, banques, jardin public, bibliothèque, piscine, métro et bus à 5 minutes. Métro: ligne 12 - Station: Marx Dormoy. Métro ligne 2 - Station : La Chapelle Bus Gare du Nord (10min) & Gare de l'Est (15min) Aéroport CDG (30 min par voiture ou bus num 350 arrêt station place de la Chapelle selon trafic) ou RER Gare du Nord. Je
32708	This nice studio is located in the famous Rue Lepic, typical Parisian Street, one of the famous street of Montmartre where lived Vincent and Theo Van Gogh and where is located the Café des deux Moulins where was shot several scenes of Amélie Poulain This nice studio is located in a small building,  you will be at the last floor (3rd) so you will enjoy a lovely high ceilings, you will love the exposed beams and wood floors. An well-equipped opened kitchen, a large shower, and a separated room corner. This area is really a tiny village in Paris, location of the flat is just near the corner with the rue des Abesses, you will have access to several nice restaurants and cafés within 5 minutes from the house.	This nice studio is located in the famous Rue Lepic, typical Parisian Street, one of the famous street of Montmartre where lived Vincent and Van Gogh and where is located the Café des deux Moulins where was shot seseveral scenes of Amélie Poulain. This nice studio is located in the famous Rue Lepic, typical Parisian Street, one of the famous street of Montmartre where lived Vincent and Theo Van Gogh and where is located the Café des deux Moulins where was shot several scenes of Amélie Poulain This nice studio is located in a small building,  you will be at the last floor (3rd) so you will enjoy a lovely high ceilings, you will love the exposed beams and wood floors. An well-equipped opened kitchen, a large shower, and a separated room corner. This area is really a tiny village in Paris, location of the flat is just near the corner with the rue des Abesses, you will have access to several nice restaurants and cafés within 5 minutes from the house. A soundsytem Books, Cd, DVD, are availa
32709	Nice apartment 2 bright rooms (31m2), well furnished in a popular area near Montmartre, Pigalle, Canal St-Martin. Located on the 4th floor in an old building and a bit run down. The apartment is clean and bright with large windows and an unobstructed view. Composition: - A room (11 m2) with a large wardrobe and a large comfortable bed - A living room (16m2) with bed / sofa (for 3rd person), table, chairs, wi-fi connection, overhead projector, etc. open on ... - A fully equipped kitchen, fridge and freezer, oven, gas stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, dishes, etc. - Bathroom: bathtub and shower, mirror, towel, etc. - And separate WC with washing machine and drying rack	Charming two rooms very bright, quiet and well arranged In the heart of a central, popular and economical district, (5 min from Montmartre & Canal Saint-Martin) Very convenient location for shopping and metro (15 min from Chatelet & Saint-Michel). Nice apartment 2 bright rooms (31m2), well furnished in a popular area near Montmartre, Pigalle, Canal St-Martin. Located on the 4th floor in an old building and a bit run down. The apartment is clean and bright with large windows and an unobstructed view. Composition: - A room (11 m2) with a large wardrobe and a large comfortable bed - A living room (16m2) with bed / sofa (for 3rd person), table, chairs, wi-fi connection, overhead projector, etc. open on ... - A fully equipped kitchen, fridge and freezer, oven, gas stove, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, dishes, etc. - Bathroom: bathtub and shower, mirror, towel, etc. - And separate WC with washing machine and drying rack Total Leave the apartment in the condition you found it, and enjoy P
32710	L'appartement donne sur un jardin privé, en plein sud, un grand séjour (30m2) calme et ensoleillé, un  coin salle à manger pour 6 personnes, un espace télévision et dans l'espace salon un canapé convertible pour deux personnes,  cuisine refaite récemment, entièrement équipée, et salle d'eau avec douche privée. Machine à laver et sécheuse (rare à Paris) dans la salle d'eau sont à partager avec la propriétaire.	Charmant appartement entièrement rénové  proche de Montmartre dans immeuble 19ème siècle donnant sur un jardin, avec grand séjour élégamment meublé possédant une chambre fermée pour deux personnes, un canapé lit pour 2 dans le coin salon , une cuisine équipée, salle d'eau avec douche privée. L'appartement donne sur un jardin privé, en plein sud, un grand séjour (30m2) calme et ensoleillé, un  coin salle à manger pour 6 personnes, un espace télévision et dans l'espace salon un canapé convertible pour deux personnes,  cuisine refaite récemment, entièrement équipée, et salle d'eau avec douche privée. Machine à laver et sécheuse (rare à Paris) dans la salle d'eau sont à partager avec la propriétaire. You will be sharing the living room and the kitchen with the appartment owner who has a private room and a private bathroom in the apartment. En général j'accueille les locataires, sauf qd je suis à l'étranger et dans ce cas ma voisine fait très bien le job, vu qu'elle aussi est membre Airbnb 
32711	It's a nice appartment, first floor, quiet, and you get a lot of café and restaurant to go out! There is the subway with two lines , a velib (rent a bike) next the house , it's closed to Montmarfre, and a flea market... I don't speak english really well but i'm not living with you, so it's ok! There is an american kitchen open on  a large living room. The kitchen is fully equiped, with dishwasher,microwave,ove, fridge, gazcooking and everything to cook. There is a washing machine. The Sofa is really large and confortable , you can sleep on it . And i can leave you a mattress (for two people) to slep on the floor! And the bedroom get a real bed for two people , a dressing. There is a little bathroom with a real bath! The area is easy ! A lot of shops to shopping food in a day time, and at night time there are a lot of bars and restaurants,really cool! there are two metrolines(one est-west) and one south-north. My appartement is really quite !!! 	It's a nice appartment, first floor, quiet, and you get a lot of café and restaurant to go out! There is the subway with two lines , a velib (rent a bike) next the house , it's closed to Montmarfre, and a flea market... I don't speak english really well but i'm not living with you, so it's ok! There is an american kitchen open on  a large living room. The kitchen is fully equiped, with dishwasher,microwave,ove, fridge, gazcooking and everything to cook. There is a washing machine. The Sofa is really large and confortable , you can sleep on it . And i can leave you a mattress (for two people) to slep on the floor! And the bedroom get a real bed for two people , a dressing. There is a little bathroom with a real bath! The area is easy ! A lot of shops to shopping food in a day time, and at night time there are a lot of bars and restaurants,really cool! there are two metrolines(one est-west) and one south-north. My appartement is really quite !!! 
32712	Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will then sleep in the private rooms.	Stay in our lovely apartment, quiet and safe on ground floor. Montmartre (email hidden) by walking, and you can go easily anywhere else in Paris with 2 metros at less than 5 mn away. Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will then sleep in the private rooms. Our guests have access to the full appartment. My roommate and I will welcome you and will help you to plan you stay if you wish to. We will be very pleased to share with you our best spots in Pars. This is a bustling neighbourhood with very typical markets : the biggest market of vintage furniture and clothes in Paris (le marché aux puces) is 10 mn away by walking, as the african market Dejean. You can also easily walk to Montmartre. Metro line 4 and 12 are less than 5 minutes away, as many buses. You will reach easily Montmartre by walking.
32713	Le charme de l'ancien avec néanmoins tout le confort. Une solution économique pour résider au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à deux pas du quartier de Lamarck-Caulaincourt et ses petits bars sympathiques. Appartement calme donnant sur cour de chaque côté.	Large room (15 sqm) in a welcoming, cosy and completely equipped 3-room apartment! Quiet, overlooking a courtyard, with marble fireplace and ceiling mouldings. 10 min-walk from Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. All shops nearby, can accommodate 2 persons. You can access the living room, the kitchen and the bathroom that we will share. Whenever you need a recommandation, I'll be happy to give you some tips. The nearest metro station is Château Rouge (line 4) at 3-min walk. You can also find the line 12 (stations Lamarck-Caulaincourt or Jules Joffrin) at 10-min walk.
32714		This lovely flat has just been renovated to inculcate at the place a luxuriouse french atmosphere. Located in a cosmopolitan area, this is the perfect place to live and to discover Paris.
32715	Superb duplex in vibrant Montmartre. Duplex de 30 m2 donnant sur cour - calme et très lumineux. (2 fenêtres + 3 velux).Duplex de 30 m2 donnant sur cour - calme et très lumineux. (2 fenêtres + 3 velux). / Duplex of 30 m2 overlooking a courtyard - quiet and very bright. (2 windows + 3 skylight windows). / Duplex de 30 m2 con vistas a un patio - tranquilo y muy luminoso. / Duplex di 30 m2 si affaccia su un cortile interno - silenzioso e molto luminoso. (2 finestre + 3 lucernari). Le quartier est populaire et jeune,  avec une grande mixité de population et diversité culturelle. / The area is popular and youthful, with a great diversity of population and cultural diversity. / La zona es popular y juvenil, con una gran diversidad de la población y la diversidad cultural. /  La zona è popolare e giovanile, con una grande diversità di popolazione e la diversità culturale. L'appartement est ideal pour un couple. / The apartment is ideal for a couple. / El apartamento es ideal para una pareja. /	Superb duplex in vibrant Montmartre. Duplex de 30 m2 donnant sur cour - calme et très lumineux. (2 fenêtres + 3 velux).Duplex de 30 m2 donnant sur cour - calme et très lumineux. (2 fenêtres + 3 velux). / Duplex of 30 m2 overlooking a courtyard - quiet and very bright. (2 windows + 3 skylight windows). / Duplex de 30 m2 con vistas a un patio - tranquilo y muy luminoso. / Duplex di 30 m2 si affaccia su un cortile interno - silenzioso e molto luminoso. (2 finestre + 3 lucernari). Le quartier est populaire et jeune,  avec une grande mixité de population et diversité culturelle. / The area is popular and youthful, with a great diversity of population and cultural diversity. / La zona es popular y juvenil, con una gran diversidad de la población y la diversidad cultural. /  La zona è popolare e giovanile, con una grande diversità di popolazione e la diversità culturale. L'appartement est ideal pour un couple. / The apartment is ideal for a couple. / El apartamento es ideal para una pareja. /
32716	Notre appartement est situé dans un quartier très central et proche d'un haut lieu touristique. 	Notre appartement est très lumineux ! Au premier étage d'un immeuble ancien, nos fenêtres donnent sur une charmante petite place typiquement parisienne. Il est entièrement équipé et à proximité de nombreux commerces et restaurants très sympas. Notre appartement est situé dans un quartier très central et proche d'un haut lieu touristique. Les clés sont chez des amis du quartier Je reste joignable par téléphone pendant toute la durée du séjour Le 18ème est un quartier populaire très jeune et animé Les lignes 12 et 4 du métro desservent la zone (Jules Joffrin ou Simplon)
32717	Très coloré avec deux chattes et quelques plantes , salon d'une vingtaine de mètres carré environ, trois places assises plus tabouret en rotin Un grand lit dans la chambre et un matrlas pour 1 personne en plus  	Ce joli appartement coloré de 40 mètres carré est situé à l'angle du cimetière de Montmartre haut lieu du décors parisien, et se trouve à seulement 15 minutes à pied du sacré coeur. Deux grandes fenêtre, une dans le salon l'autre dans la chambre, offrent la vue sur le cimetière. L'appartement est équipé d'internet, de la télévision et d'une chaine hifi, le salon comporte entre autre un fauteuil suspendu au plafond type hamac, la cuisine contient un petit frigo, un micro onde une gazinière et des petits électroménager utiles. La salle de bain se compose d'un lavabo classique, et la douche d'un sabot. La chambre est douillette et procure différents rangement, étagère, rangements tiroirs et penderie, grand lit et tapis au sol.  Très coloré avec deux chattes et quelques plantes , salon d'une vingtaine de mètres carré environ, trois places assises plus tabouret en rotin Un grand lit dans la chambre et un matrlas pour 1 personne en plus Acces aisé, sans ascenseur. Je ne serai pas présente da
32718	Hello everybody,  I'm renting my nice flat really close to Montmartre with a wonderful view on Sacré-Coeur from the balcony. You're 5mn walk from Montmartre!  Amazing neighbourhood ... with a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. The subway station is Chateau Rouge on line 4. The line 4 is going to all the strategic places in places (Chatelet 10mn, Notre Dame 15mn, Sain-Germain 20mn etc...). So the centre is really easy to access! The flat is 34 m2 fully furnished with a balcony and a beautiful view on the sacré Coeur, always sunny (exposed south).  The flat is located on the 6td floor with a lot of windows so it's very lightfull.  I can send you more photos on demand.  It is composed of :  - a big room with tables, sofa and bed (2 persons)  - a kitchen corner (with a baker, a big fridge and a table) - a bathroom (bath) - balcony with table  Total size :  34m2 We would be charmed by the design and the situation of the flat, for sure. It's the best way to discover the REAL Paris!  The pri	A balcony with view on Sacré-coeur, the studio is a place full of light in the heart of 18th, with all comfort you could need. It's really easy to reach the center of Paris and really close to Montmartre.  Hello everybody,  I'm renting my nice flat really close to Montmartre with a wonderful view on Sacré-Coeur from the balcony. You're 5mn walk from Montmartre!  Amazing neighbourhood ... with a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. The subway station is Chateau Rouge on line 4. The line 4 is going to all the strategic places in places (Chatelet 10mn, Notre Dame 15mn, Sain-Germain 20mn etc...). So the centre is really easy to access! The flat is 34 m2 fully furnished with a balcony and a beautiful view on the sacré Coeur, always sunny (exposed south).  The flat is located on the 6td floor with a lot of windows so it's very lightfull.  I can send you more photos on demand.  It is composed of :  - a big room with tables, sofa and bed (2 persons)  - a kitchen corner (with a baker, a big frid
32719	• Accès WIFI gratuit • Lit 2 places (draps fournis) • Petit canapé (non convertible) • Cuisine équipée (plaques, frigo, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, shaker, bouilloire, toaster...). Tout est à votre disposition. • Sèche-linge  • Café / Thé  • Serviettes, Savon   • Douche  • Rangements  • Salle de Bain (douche, WC et lavabo)	Ce studio de 27m2 avec terrasse (10m2) est un havre de paix au cœur du quartier commerçant de Jules Joffrin, situé à 10 min. à pied de Montmartre  Proche des lignes de métro 12 et 4, il est idéalement placé pour visiter le centre de Paris. • Accès WIFI gratuit • Lit 2 places (draps fournis) • Petit canapé (non convertible) • Cuisine équipée (plaques, frigo, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, shaker, bouilloire, toaster...). Tout est à votre disposition. • Sèche-linge  • Café / Thé  • Serviettes, Savon   • Douche  • Rangements  • Salle de Bain (douche, WC et lavabo) L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes dans la chambre avec lit double. Il s’agit de l’appartement dans lequel je vis que je mets à disposition quand je suis en déplacement. Tout l'appartement est donc à votre disposition. Je reste disponible auprès des voyageurs pour les conseiller pour leur faire passer un moment inoubliable ! Je peux mettre à votre disposition quelques facilités (guides, plans,…) si vous m’en faites
32720	Nous avons décoré notre appartement avec l'idée de créer un lieu cosy et chaleureux, dans lequel nous avons plaisir à nous retrouver et recevoir nos amis. Nous avons une grande pièce à vivre qui fait salon, salle à manger, bibliothèque et sur laquelle la cuisine s'ouvre. Cette dernière est toute équipée, et vous permettra de cuisiner selon vos envies. La chambre spacieuse dotée d'un lit King-size donne sur un joli petit balcon fleuri en été sur lequel il est possible de prendre son petit déjeuner le matin avec le lever du soleil et de dîner le soir par les douces journées parisiennes. La salle de bain est confortable, une baignoire avec un robinet cascade vous offrira des moments agréables de relaxation après avoir sillonné les rues de la capitale. C'est un appartement parisien spacieux et très agréable à vivre.	Situé à Montmartre, joliment décoré et douillet, appartement de 60 m2 à deux pas du Sacré Cœur.   Avec salle de bain et cuisine entièrement équipée, venez découvrir ce quartier mythique dans un univers charmant et romantique. Nous avons décoré notre appartement avec l'idée de créer un lieu cosy et chaleureux, dans lequel nous avons plaisir à nous retrouver et recevoir nos amis. Nous avons une grande pièce à vivre qui fait salon, salle à manger, bibliothèque et sur laquelle la cuisine s'ouvre. Cette dernière est toute équipée, et vous permettra de cuisiner selon vos envies. La chambre spacieuse dotée d'un lit King-size donne sur un joli petit balcon fleuri en été sur lequel il est possible de prendre son petit déjeuner le matin avec le lever du soleil et de dîner le soir par les douces journées parisiennes. La salle de bain est confortable, une baignoire avec un robinet cascade vous offrira des moments agréables de relaxation après avoir sillonné les rues de la capitale. C'est un appart
32721	Comfortable, very quiet and nicely decorated flat. Charming living room with old paintings on the walls. Bedroom equipped with a double bed. Sofa bed in the lounge for the sleeping a third person. Shower-room with spacious shower. Possibility of preparing breakfast and meals in a well-equipped kitchen. Combo washer-dryer. Closets and wardrobe. WI-FI internet.  Cable television.  DVD drive. Tourist documentation and maps available in the apartment.	"Charming 2-room apartment of 35 m2, situated in a very quiet street of the village of Montmartre. Perfect for the romantic stay of a couple. The “Moulin Rouge”, Amélie Poulain's café and the subway station ""Blanche"" are right next.  Comfortable, very quiet and nicely decorated flat. Charming living room with old paintings on the walls. Bedroom equipped with a double bed. Sofa bed in the lounge for the sleeping a third person. Shower-room with spacious shower. Possibility of preparing breakfast and meals in a well-equipped kitchen. Combo washer-dryer. Closets and wardrobe. WI-FI internet.  Cable television.  DVD drive. Tourist documentation and maps available in the apartment. The apartment is located in a charming district, very Parisian, with an artistic atmosphere.  (Remember it was the place where a lot of painters lived in the early 20th century) Many cafés, restaurants and shops are all around.  You will be just a step from the “Moulin Rouge”, from the “Place des Abbesses” and “Sa"
32722	"Located in the heart of Montmartre, in a beautiful Haussmann building, this lovely apartment offers stunning views of the capital. In a simple but original, your stay will be more ""cozy"" and comfortable. You can enjoy the balcony and enjoy your breakfast, lunch contemplating the Sacred Heart."	"Typical Parisian flat with balcony Located in the heart of Montmartre, in a beautiful Haussmann building, this lovely apartment offers stunning views of the capital. In a simple but original, your stay will be more ""cozy"" and comfortable. You can enjoy the balcony and enjoy your breakfast, lunch contemplating the Sacred Heart. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transports à proximité Simplon M4 119 m Jules Joffrin M12 182 m Porte "
32723	We rent one room of our 89 m2 flat with view on Sacré Coeur. This room (around 10m2) is very shiny with a recent double bed, TV, Wifi balcony. The flat is very sunny, on the 8th floor with elevator. It has a big dining room with a balcony, a big bedroom with balcony , a smaller other bedroom (the one we rent), one bathroom, toilets, a kitchen and an office room. It also has television, DVD drive, Hi-fi system, WIFI, microwave oven, washing machine… This appartment is located on rue Coysevox, 75018 Paris, close to Guy Môquet tube station, on line 13, in the north of Paris. It is a quiet area in the 18th district of Paris, close to lively areas (Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Champs-Elysées, Opéra) and with convenience stores, grocery shops, bakeries, butchers, supermarkets, restaurants… There is a concierge. We have been living in this beautiful flat for 3 years and we speak English and Spanish. We have got a cat	We rent one room of our 89 m2 flat with view on Sacré Coeur. This room has a bedroom with a recent double bed and a balcony. The flat is very sunny, on the 8th floor with elevator. We rent one room of our 89 m2 flat with view on Sacré Coeur. This room (around 10m2) is very shiny with a recent double bed, TV, Wifi balcony. The flat is very sunny, on the 8th floor with elevator. It has a big dining room with a balcony, a big bedroom with balcony , a smaller other bedroom (the one we rent), one bathroom, toilets, a kitchen and an office room. It also has television, DVD drive, Hi-fi system, WIFI, microwave oven, washing machine… This appartment is located on rue Coysevox, 75018 Paris, close to Guy Môquet tube station, on line 13, in the north of Paris. It is a quiet area in the 18th district of Paris, close to lively areas (Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Champs-Elysées, Opéra) and with convenience stores, grocery shops, bakeries, butchers, supermarkets, restaurants… There is a concier
32724	Au pied des escaliers de Montmartre ...me contacter pour photos en privé	Petit mais super bien équipé et lumineux, je prête mon petit nid douillet au pied de Montmartre ! Au pied des escaliers de Montmartre ...me contacter pour photos en privé Le quartier des restos et des bars branchés du 18ème !
32725		Petit appartement 2 pièces de 30m² dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. Fenêtre sur cours et fenêtre sur place de marché (halle couverte). Chambre extrêmement lumineuse. 15min à pieds de la Gare du Nord 5 lignes de métro à moins de 15min a pieds
32726	Beautiful 7th floor (with lift) apartment with small balcony overlooking Montmartre. Composing of entrance, large kitchen with table and chairs, one large bedroom with huge double bed , separate toilet and bathroom with small bath and hot, powerful shower. Just 20 minute walk (or 2 metro stops) to the Sacre Coeur, or 5 minutes to the famous Marches au Puces de St Ouen. Great travel connections - 2 metro lines (4 and 12) within 5 mins walking distance. 10 mins on the metro from Gare du Nord and 20 mins to Chatelet - centre of Paris. There are lots of shops, markets, boutiques, bars and restaurants in the area. There is a huge farmers market 3 times a week including sundays that sells extremely good value fruit and veg, fish, etc. The building is in the lovely french Haussman style, and is very secure and safe. The entrance is in a courtyard that is filled with flowers every day from the next door florist. The people who live in the building are friendly and quiet. Free wireless internet	Beautiful 7th floor (with lift) apartment with small balcony overlooking Montmartre. Composing of entrance, large kitchen with table and chairs, one large bedroom with huge double bed , separate toilet and bathroom with small bath and hot, powerful shower. Just 20 minute walk (or 2 metro stops) to the Sacre Coeur, or 5 minutes to the famous Marches au Puces de St Ouen. Great travel connections - 2 metro lines (4 and 12) within 5 mins walking distance. 10 mins on the metro from Gare du Nord and 20 mins to Chatelet - centre of Paris. There are lots of shops, markets, boutiques, bars and restaurants in the area. There is a huge farmers market 3 times a week including sundays that sells extremely good value fruit and veg, fish, etc. The building is in the lovely french Haussman style, and is very secure and safe. The entrance is in a courtyard that is filled with flowers every day from the next door florist. The people who live in the building are friendly and quiet. Free wireless internet
32727	Our 70m2 3 room flat is located in a gorgeous « haussmannien » building, less than a 5 minute walk to Sacré Cœur and Montmartre. The flat has a wonderful view of a fin de siècle office building, which is open just during business hours, so there is privacy at night. It is freshly renovated and carefully organized and decorated. We have one bedroom available for your visit, that can accommodate one or two people comfortably.	Charming 3r. flat in a beautiful typical Parisian haussmannien building very close to Montmartre and Sacré Cœur. Stations Anvers and Barbès Rochechouart. Fully equiped kitchen (dish washer, washing machine). Italian shower. Living and dining room.  Our 70m2 3 room flat is located in a gorgeous « haussmannien » building, less than a 5 minute walk to Sacré Cœur and Montmartre. The flat has a wonderful view of a fin de siècle office building, which is open just during business hours, so there is privacy at night. It is freshly renovated and carefully organized and decorated. We have one bedroom available for your visit, that can accommodate one or two people comfortably. You’ll share with me (however i may not be there) the big double living room, the bathroom and the kitchen. It is fully furnished and fully equipped (all you need to cook: electrical appliances (including microwave, oven and dishwasher), dishes, dish soap, spices and condiments, and tea and coffee, if you'd like) Most of 
32728	Picasso's Atelier is a 2 bedrooms apartment in the historic and bohemian Montmartre neighbourhood of Paris. In 1900 Pablo Picasso took this apartment as his first studio in the City of light. The suite has been eclectically decorated over the years, combining eastern and western themes while providing comfort and convenience for guests. Set on two levels, the apartment is decorated with art throughout and filled with well stocked bookshelves. The lower level of the apartment contains the one bedroom, the bathroom and an office. There's also a double sleeping sofa bed in another bedroom. THE APARTMENT The main bedroom features a Queen size bed and is comfortable and roomy as well as quiet at night. The ensuite bathroom has an extensive view over the whole of Paris with a bath & shower & two separated sinks. The second bedroom offers a double sleeping comfortable sofa. Upstairs is the large open-concept kitchen and living room. With its tiled floors and skylights, this room is bright and	In 1900 Pablo Picasso took this apartment as his first studio in the City of light. Picasso's Atelier is a 2 bedroom apartment in the historic and bohemian Montmartre neighbourhood of Paris. Picasso's Atelier is a 2 bedrooms apartment in the historic and bohemian Montmartre neighbourhood of Paris. In 1900 Pablo Picasso took this apartment as his first studio in the City of light. The suite has been eclectically decorated over the years, combining eastern and western themes while providing comfort and convenience for guests. Set on two levels, the apartment is decorated with art throughout and filled with well stocked bookshelves. The lower level of the apartment contains the one bedroom, the bathroom and an office. There's also a double sleeping sofa bed in another bedroom. THE APARTMENT The main bedroom features a Queen size bed and is comfortable and roomy as well as quiet at night. The ensuite bathroom has an extensive view over the whole of Paris with a bath & shower & two separate
32729	"Welcome in my colocation in Paris 18th district at 20m of the Subway station ""Porte de la Chapelle"" I'm renting my room of 15m² square which can host 4 persons (the couch can be transformed into a twin bed). On the courtyard side, the room is pretty and full of light during the day. Vous avez la possibilité d'utiliser l'ensemble de nos installations: Wifi, lave-linge, cuisine, etc ... You can use every installation in the flat including the wahsing machine, wifi, kitchen, etc .... I will also give you spare beddings and towels at your arrival."	"Welcome in my colocation in Paris 18th district at 20m of the Subway station ""Porte de la Chapelle"" I'm renting my room of 15m² square which can host 4 persons (the couch can be transformed into a twin bed). On the courtyard side, the room is pretty and full of light during the day. Vous avez la possibilité d'utiliser l'ensemble de nos installations: Wifi, lave-linge, cuisine, etc ... You can use every installation in the flat including the wahsing machine, wifi, kitchen, etc .... I will also give you spare beddings and towels at your arrival. The closest Subway is at 20metres (line 13). You can arrive to the city center in 20 minutes and you can access to the Airport in 45minutes by bus (line 305). I will be available in any time and you will have two other persons you can call and which can help you during your stay."
32730	Notre appartement de 45m2 du 67 rue Championnet, situé au 1er étage, comprend une chambre et un double salon très lumineux avec deux canapés-lits. La rue est plutôt calme et le quartier très animé. La chambre donne du côté d'une cour intérieure. C'est un immeuble familial très calme et convivial. Our 45m2 apartment, first floor of the 67 rue Championnet,has one bedroom and a double bright living room with two sofa beds. The street is fairly quiet and very lively. The room overlooks the side of a courtyard. It is a very quiet and family friendly building.	Bienvenu chez nous!  Nous serons heureux de vous accueillir dans notre appartement qu'on aime tant!  Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à côté de la Mairie du XVIIIème, vous retrouverez près de chez nous tout le charme de Paris! Notre appartement de 45m2 du 67 rue Championnet, situé au 1er étage, comprend une chambre et un double salon très lumineux avec deux canapés-lits. La rue est plutôt calme et le quartier très animé. La chambre donne du côté d'une cour intérieure. C'est un immeuble familial très calme et convivial. Our 45m2 apartment, first floor of the 67 rue Championnet,has one bedroom and a double bright living room with two sofa beds. The street is fairly quiet and very lively. The room overlooks the side of a courtyard. It is a very quiet and family friendly building. Tout l'appartement et ses équipements seront à votre disposition. WI-FI, TV, machine à laver, cuisine toute équipée. Throughout the apartment and its equipment will be available. WI-FI, TV, washing machine, fully 
32731	Situation idéale entre le quartier animé de Pigalle et le charme de Montmartre, accessible avec les métros 'Pigalle' ou 'Abbesses' (ligne 2 & 12)	Situation idéale entre le quartier animé de Pigalle et le charme de Montmartre, accessible avec les métros 'Pigalle' ou 'Abbesses' (ligne 2 & 12) Metro Pigalle ou Abbesses (ligne 2 & 12)
32732	Cette charmante petite maison avec toute commodités ( lit, cuisine, et salle de bain) est trés rare dans ce quartier MONTMARTRE, qui est très courus des touristes qui viennent au MOULIN ROUGE, visiter la basilique Sacré Coeur et ses peintres, avoir une vue unique sur tout Paris. Vous allez adorer votre séjour. Paris comme vous ne l'avez jamais vu !	Charmant studio indépendant au coeur de Montmartre, à une minute du Moulin rouge et proche du Sacré Coeur, d'une surface de 12 m² avec cuisine ouverte, salle de bains indépendante avec douche. Proche du métro et beaucoup de commerces. Etat neuf. Cette charmante petite maison avec toute commodités ( lit, cuisine, et salle de bain) est trés rare dans ce quartier MONTMARTRE, qui est très courus des touristes qui viennent au MOULIN ROUGE, visiter la basilique Sacré Coeur et ses peintres, avoir une vue unique sur tout Paris. Vous allez adorer votre séjour. Paris comme vous ne l'avez jamais vu !
32733		Imagine yourself in a romantic movie, you are the hero of an unbelievable fairy tail. Montmartre is offering you the part of your life: come and visit us in this
32734		All the charme of Montmartre, rue le pic, charming & calme appartment, Dupleix with private terasse (50m2) in the best part of Montmartre,  Lovely decorated, with all confort (two bathrooms, dressing, Wash & Dry machine, American Fridge,  Flat)
32735	L'appartement est situé au dessus du marché Saint-Pierre à 50 mètre et 90 marches de l'église Sacré coeur...;) A proximité des lignes de métro L2 (Anvers), L4 (Chateau rouge) et L12 ( Jules Joffrin) Accès à tout l'appartement.   1 Grand lit dans la chambre;  1 dressing libéré.  1 canapé dans le séjour + tables & chaises en bois.  Je ne serai pas dans le logement pendant votre séjour.  Quartier très dynamique entre l'animation cosmopolite du 18e arrondissement, terrasse de cafés, bars et  un accès direct à l'atmosphère de la vie locale de Montmartre.  L2 (Station Anvers) ; L4 ( Station Chateau Rouge) & Ligne 12 ( Station Jules Joffrin)	Cosy appartment. Ideal to rest and relax between 2 expeditions in Paris L2 (Station Anvers) ; L4 ( Station Chateau Rouge) & Ligne 12 ( Station Jules Joffrin)
32736		.  flat tv, dvd, scanner/printer/copier, HIFI speakers, washing machine, micro wave, oven ... the studio was decorated by an interior designer.
32737		Charmant 40 m2 à louer dans le quartier de la Butte Montmartre, proche métro Château-Rouge. Sur cour, très calme.  Quartier très vivant et sympathique, nombreux commerces à proximité.  Lit bébé à disposition.
32738	You stay in a old artist studio where Miró lived and worked in a beautiful classified site. The Villa des Fusains is one of the most exquisite hidden delights in Paris. The place was built in 1889, using recycled building materials previously used for the construction of pavilions in the 1989 Universal Paris Exhibition which the Eiffel tower was built.The studio forms like a small house nestled in the heart of a secret garden. Developed on 3 levels from the ground floor to the roof, with large windows overlooking the garden. The house has a large living room and kitchen on the ground floor which open on the garden. Upstairs, a large bed and a small bathroom are overhung by a suspended mezzanine as an office. Here you seem to be on a cloud above the trees.	"You stay in a old and exquisite artist studio in a beautiful classified site, ""La Villa des Fusains"", where lived and worked, Bonnard, Derain, Ernst, Miró, Arp, Eluard... The studio forms like a small house nestled in the heart of a secret garden. You stay in a old artist studio where Miró lived and worked in a beautiful classified site. The Villa des Fusains is one of the most exquisite hidden delights in Paris. The place was built in 1889, using recycled building materials previously used for the construction of pavilions in the 1989 Universal Paris Exhibition which the Eiffel tower was built.The studio forms like a small house nestled in the heart of a secret garden. Developed on 3 levels from the ground floor to the roof, with large windows overlooking the garden. The house has a large living room and kitchen on the ground floor which open on the garden. Upstairs, a large bed and a small bathroom are overhung by a suspended mezzanine as an office. Here you seem to be on a cloud abo"
32739	L’appartement est situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble calme et sécurisé. C’est un T2 de 27m² fonctionnel et bien agencé.  Il se compose : -Une chambre à coucher douillette et lumineuse avec lit double et bureau -Un séjour avec une grande fenêtre donnant sur cour, canapé convertible (+1 ou 2 personnes), table basse, table de bar + chaises hautes, TV, Wifi -Une cuisine ouverte toute équipée : plaques, four, micro-onde, lave-linge, … -Une salle de bain douche/WC 	L’appartement est situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d’un immeuble calme et sécurisé. C’est un T2 de 27m² fonctionnel et bien agencé.  Il se compose : -Une chambre à coucher douillette et lumineuse avec lit double et bureau -Un séjour avec une grande fenêtre donnant sur cour, canapé convertible (+1 ou 2 personnes), table basse, table de bar + chaises hautes, TV, Wifi -Une cuisine ouverte toute équipée : plaques, four, micro-onde, lave-linge, … -Une salle de bain douche/WC Vous pourrez utiliser les produits de base : épices, thé, café… Les draps et serviettes sont fournis N’hésitez pas à nous solliciter pour avoir des infos sur le quartier, les lieux à voir,… nous nous ferons un plaisir d’y répondre ! Notre charmant 2 pièce situé à 5-10 mn à pied de Montmartre est l’endroit parfait pour quelques jours dans la capitale ! Il est situé dans un quartier vivant et populaire. A deux pas de l’immeuble vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous pouvez avoir besoin lors de votre séjour : -Boulangeries
32740		Welcome to our lovely duplex in the heart of Montmartre! We are a young couple and  we rent out our cocooning flat when we go out of town. We love our neighborhood, we think you will too!
32741	This spacious triplex apartment (90 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  this place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equiped and 1 bathroom, and sleeps up to 7 guests. You will also benefit from a lovely terrasse that will make your stay even more enjoyable!	Pretty townhouse on 3 levels has Montmartre, Designed in a modern style,  you will feel all the comfort you need in an exceptional neighborhood!   This spacious triplex apartment (90 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  this place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equiped and 1 bathroom, and sleeps up to 7 guests. You will also benefit from a lovely terrasse that will make your stay even more enjoyable! Free Wifi Access and Cable TV provided I provide my clients with clean towels and linens I am always available for my guests You have heard of the Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge and the Butte Montmartre – all these legendary names in one of the most exciting neighbourhoods in Paris.  Here is history and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else in the world – you c
32742	Très douillet, ce joli appartement mansardé tout beau, tout mignon, tout équipé et tout cosy et tout chaleureux :) Ce petit nid situé dans une rue calme au 6eme et dernier étage sans vis à vis, avec deux balconnets Equipement :  tv / internet wifi / micro-onde / four / dressing / rangement valise / lit et canapé lit / linge de bain / produits de base	Au cœur du 18ème dans une rue calme, 35m2 cosy et tout équipe, 2 pièces très lumineux,6eme et dernier étage, deux balcons sans vis à vis au cœur d'un quartier animé. 15 mins du centre Paris desservit par plusieurs lignes de métros, bus et tram Très douillet, ce joli appartement mansardé tout beau, tout mignon, tout équipé et tout cosy et tout chaleureux :) Ce petit nid situé dans une rue calme au 6eme et dernier étage sans vis à vis, avec deux balconnets Equipement :  tv / internet wifi / micro-onde / four / dressing / rangement valise / lit et canapé lit / linge de bain / produits de base •Restaurant/bar •MacDonald's •Fast-food divers •Supermarché ( Monoprix -Franprix ) •Laverie et supérette au pied de l'appartement  •Boulangerie •Piscine •Metro à 400 mètres ( ligne 12 desservant les stations madeleine/concorde/Pigalle/saint lazare/Montparnasse )  Autres accès Metro ligne 2 et 4 (châtelet/notre dame de Paris/ champ élysée) Au cœur du 18 ème dans une rue calme, à 10 min du sacré cœur,t
32743	"Typical parisian flat, very beautiful parquet, big living room, view on the parisian roofs and the ""sacré-coeur"". Warning, it's a 7th floor flat, with no elevator, so if you have trouble moving, it's not ideal. Though, once you are here, you are so quiet and good!!! There is a room with a double bed, and a bathroom with everything you need!!! It is possible to be 5 people using also the futons in the living room; these are very good matresses, and I provide linens and duvets. The flat has everything you need: washing machine, everything to cook... "	"An amazing parisian flat, with a beautiful parquet, a lot of charm, a spacious living-room, two cute balcony, and awesome views ofthe sacré coeur and the parisian roofs. Close to a lot of metro lines (métro 12,2,4,RER B). Typical parisian flat, very beautiful parquet, big living room, view on the parisian roofs and the ""sacré-coeur"". Warning, it's a 7th floor flat, with no elevator, so if you have trouble moving, it's not ideal. Though, once you are here, you are so quiet and good!!! There is a room with a double bed, and a bathroom with everything you need!!! It is possible to be 5 people using also the futons in the living room; these are very good matresses, and I provide linens and duvets. The flat has everything you need: washing machine, everything to cook...  Easy access from the airports (direct with RER B) or from most of train stations (direct from Saint Lazare or Montparnasse, by feet from gare du Nord, or even gare de l'est, direct from Austerlitz). Easy and very nice acces"
32744	The flat has been recently refurbished and all furniture and fittings are  new and freshly painted. The open plan kitchen is fully equipped, you can enjoy your breakfast at the kitchen bar or on the sun filled balcony. After a day of soaking up the sights of Paris, you can relax in this beautiful accomodation. It has the feel of a classy boutique hotel but with all the comfort of your own home. The sleeping area houses a contemporary four poster bed plus an Italian designed sofa which converts to a bed. In the bathroom, you can make use of the shower or take a bath in the enormous bathtub - towels and toiletries provided of course. Exposed stone walls and lighting in the flooring give it a beautiful (email hidden) and wifi are available. This really is a lovely flat and a great base for your stay in Paris.	An amazing apartment with a south facing balcony. Exposed stone walls, floor level lighting and a four poster bed give this Montmatre love nest a romantic and cosy appeal. Situated on a quiet street, but close to metro bus and local amenitie 
32745	"Studio equipe avec lit double /  All equipment and accomodations inside with double bed  80cm TV screen + channel satelite Internet wifi (high speed) Washing machine / Machine à laver Fridge / Frigo Oven / Four ... Digicode :  17A36 (building door) et A3418 (3rd inside door)  Si besoin de conseils de sorties ou autres n'hésitez pas /  At your disposal if you need advices and others to prepare your visit -Très animé /  Very lively animated area -Restaurants, Bar, Club,Théâtres, Ciné Magasins à proxomité (Carrefour 23h et Epiceries 24/24 /  Restaurants, Cafe, Theaters, Ciné, Club, Shops around (supermarket until 11pm, and grocery (phone number hidden)m Sacré coeur -900m Pigalle area ... Markets everywhere, main and most interesting is ""Puces de saint ouen"" at 2 metro stations. And ""Marché Saint Pierre"" the biggest and oldest textile fabrics market of Paris. - Très bien situé/Well located : _3 Metro lines : N°2, 4 and 12 -Gare du Nord : 2 metro station / 15min walking -Buses -Velib :  Bik"	"Studio with all acomodations and all confort for 2 persons  Studio equipe avec lit double /  All equipment and accomodations inside with double bed  80cm TV screen + channel satelite Internet wifi (high speed) Washing machine / Machine à laver Fridge / Frigo Oven / Four ... Digicode :  17A36 (building door) et A3418 (3rd inside door)  Si besoin de conseils de sorties ou autres n'hésitez pas /  At your disposal if you need advices and others to prepare your visit -Très animé /  Very lively animated area -Restaurants, Bar, Club,Théâtres, Ciné Magasins à proxomité (Carrefour 23h et Epiceries 24/24 /  Restaurants, Cafe, Theaters, Ciné, Club, Shops around (supermarket until 11pm, and grocery (phone number hidden)m Sacré coeur -900m Pigalle area ... Markets everywhere, main and most interesting is ""Puces de saint ouen"" at 2 metro stations. And ""Marché Saint Pierre"" the biggest and oldest textile fabrics market of Paris. - Très bien situé/Well located : _3 Metro lines : N°2, 4 and 12 -Gare du"
32746	The apartment overlooks a large green space, which can be admired from the balcony while you enjoy lunch or a glass of wine on the terrace. It is on the third floor with elevator in a very secure building. Ability to accommodate a 3rd person on an inflatable mattress.	33m² studio in a very secure building on the 3rd floor with elevator and parking. You can enjoy your breakfast on the terrace early in the day and the TV and internet to rest at night. For sure, a good stay ! The apartment overlooks a large green space, which can be admired from the balcony while you enjoy lunch or a glass of wine on the terrace. It is on the third floor with elevator in a very secure building. Ability to accommodate a 3rd person on an inflatable mattress. You will have access to: -Internet , Wifi , TV  -Balcony with terrace -Parking 25€ a night -Stereo  -1 plate and microwave -Coffeemaker -Blinder -Hair Dryer -Iron -Ventilator -Weighing scales We'll see you at check in and check out for the keys. The apartment is located in a neighborhood increasingly alive. Many market are open day and night. Everything is nearby ( Picard , supermarket , grocery, bakery ...) . Nearby,  the Olive place and beautiful shopping galleries is open daily. The street is pedestrianized and is
32747	The flat might fit for 3 guests: 1 queen size bed + 1 folding bed. 4 guests is possible but the flat is small and it won't be comfortable, mattresses will take a lot of place.	"Quiet street in Montmartre (rue Bachelet) Floor: 4th 1/2 No elevator 1 living room 1 bedroom kitchenette & small bathroom (shower) 1 real bed (queen size) + 1 folding bed & 90x190 mattress + 1 90x190 mattress Confortable for 2 or3 guests The flat might fit for 3 guests: 1 queen size bed + 1 folding bed. 4 guests is possible but the flat is small and it won't be comfortable, mattresses will take a lot of place. Building keeper can deliver keys from 8 AM to 7PM. For earlier or later arrival please inform me so that I can arrange my schedule or let the keys to a neighboor or a friend. Phone or email. Building keeper can also answer questions The flat is located at the crossing of the rue Labat and Bachelet in the 18th ""arrondissement"" of Paris.  It is in between 2 very different areas : - the Lamarck Caulaincourt and Montmartre area which is great, - starting from Chateau rouge metro station, on the east side of the Boulevard Barbes, an African area. I like it a lot but it is very popular"
32748	Au rez de chaussé d'un bel immeuble ancien, découvrez ce charmant studio entièrement équipé et pensé pour votre confort. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Proche des transports en communs (métro et bus) et du centre-ville, vous découvrirez Montmartre, un village historique en plein cœur de Paris.	Beautiful apartment with mezzanine Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Marcadet - PoissonniersM4M12154 m Jules JoffrinM12 318 m SimplonM4332 m We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of the tenant and the renter, the price, dates, rules of responsible conduct, the rental period and the address.
32749	Are you looking for a real Parisian experience?  You are on the right announcement! I am renting my apartment during holidays and working trips, so if you stay at my place you will definitely have the occasion to live as a Parisian! I live in a nice and renewed apartment at the 2nd floor of a Montmartrian building. One bedroom with a queen bed.  A queen pullout couch in the living room comfortably sleeps two people and a cute kitchen totally equipped. A wonderful bathroom with an Italian style shower. Wifi internet available. 	Are you looking for a real Parisian experience?  You are on the right announcement! I am renting my apartment during holidays and working trips, so if you stay at my place you will definitely have the occasion to live as a Parisian! I live in a nice and renewed apartment at the 2nd floor of a Montmartrian building. One bedroom with a queen bed.  A queen pullout couch in the living room comfortably sleeps two people and a cute kitchen totally equipped. A wonderful bathroom with an Italian style shower. Wifi internet available. I am available by email or phone for all kind of questions you have and I might also ask more information about you because I like to know the person that will stay in my home ;) Located in the heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the most famous artist's square (Place du Tertre) and Sacre Coeur. Extremely calm. You can find many shops and restaurants all around the building, open also on Sundays. Very safe. 3 minutes walk from Abbesses metro station (line 12)
32750	Exquisite classic wooden floored apartment. Nearby the Sacré-Coeur and shopping areas. This exquisite 37m² apartment is perfectly adapted for 2 persons. It is on the 5th floor (US standard) of a charming and quiet French style stone and brick building with an elevator. Located in the quiet part of the Montmartre district, the apartment is next to many shops. The famous Sacré-Coeur church is a short walk being 450 meters away. One enters the apartment through a short tiled corridor, on the right is the living-dining room, opening on the master bedroom. On the left is the bathroom facing the toilets, and the kitchen is at the end of the corridor. Apartment windows open on a quiet private courtyard. The nicely decorated living room is wooden floored and furnished with delicate ancient style wooden furniture: Wooden table, sofa, armchairs and library give it a warm and cosy feeling. It offers a dining area with a round table which can easily seat up to 4 persons. The master bedroom is also	This exquisite 37m² apartment is perfectly adapted for 2 persons. It is on the 5th floor (US standard) of a charming and quiet French style stone and brick building with an elevator. Exquisite classic wooden floored apartment. Nearby the Sacré-Coeur and shopping areas. This exquisite 37m² apartment is perfectly adapted for 2 persons. It is on the 5th floor (US standard) of a charming and quiet French style stone and brick building with an elevator. Located in the quiet part of the Montmartre district, the apartment is next to many shops. The famous Sacré-Coeur church is a short walk being 450 meters away. One enters the apartment through a short tiled corridor, on the right is the living-dining room, opening on the master bedroom. On the left is the bathroom facing the toilets, and the kitchen is at the end of the corridor. Apartment windows open on a quiet private courtyard. The nicely decorated living room is wooden floored and furnished with delicate ancient style wooden furniture: 
32751	"Very nice apartment 75m2 for 4 persons, in Montmartre, next to the famous ""place du tertre"" and to the sacré coeur church. Very sunny apartment with a bedroom ( queen bed), a child bedroom with a bunk bed, a living room , an equiped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath. you have restaurants, bars and supermarkets all around the place. 2 minutes to get to the metro Abbesses or Pigalle. "	"Very spacious apartment of 75 square meters with two bedrooms (one with double bed and a child's room with a bunk bed), a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. all tastefully furnished. my little kitty lives in the apartment.  Very nice apartment 75m2 for 4 persons, in Montmartre, next to the famous ""place du tertre"" and to the sacré coeur church. Very sunny apartment with a bedroom ( queen bed), a child bedroom with a bunk bed, a living room , an equiped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath. you have restaurants, bars and supermarkets all around the place. 2 minutes to get to the metro Abbesses or Pigalle. metro Abbesses, Anvers ou Pigalle a little kitty lives in the apartment."
32752	Nous vous accueillons dans notre 2 pièces de 48m2 très calme et lumineux, avec terrasse de 35m2. L'appartement est composé d'un séjour de 20m2 qui donne sur la terrasse. Le séjour comprend une table pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, une télé et un canapé-lit. Il s'agit d'un canapé-lit avec vrai couchage de 160*200. La cuisine dispose également d'un accès terrasse ; elle comprend une plaque de cuisson induction, un four et un four micro-ondes.  La chambre est une chambre aménagée pour un petit enfant avec un lit de 70*140(possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie pour un bébé).  La salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver est attenante à la chambre. Les wc sont séparés.  La terrasse de 35m2 exposée nord/est est équipée d'une grande table.   L'appartement est idéal pour un couple avec petit enfant mais peut aussi convenir à un couple.	Nous vous accueillons dans notre 2 pièces de 48m2 très calme et lumineux, avec terrasse de 35m2. L'appartement est composé d'un séjour de 20m2 qui donne sur la terrasse. Le séjour comprend une table pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, une télé et un canapé-lit. Il s'agit d'un canapé-lit avec vrai couchage de 160*200. La cuisine dispose également d'un accès terrasse ; elle comprend une plaque de cuisson induction, un four et un four micro-ondes.  La chambre est une chambre aménagée pour un petit enfant avec un lit de 70*140(possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie pour un bébé).  La salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver est attenante à la chambre. Les wc sont séparés.  La terrasse de 35m2 exposée nord/est est équipée d'une grande table.   L'appartement est idéal pour un couple avec petit enfant mais peut aussi convenir à un couple. Notre appartement se situe dans le quartier Marx-Dormoy, au nord de Paris. Il est à 2min du métro ligne 12, proche des lignes 2 et 4 et de la gar
32753	The 55m² apartment has one bedroom, one bathroom, independant toilets, a kitchen, and a living room, but it especially has a big 11m² terrasse with a garden lounge to chill, an umbrella, and a table with chairs to have your meals outside!  THE BEDROOM :  The bedroom has a real and confortable bed, and storage for your stuff.  THE BATHROOM : The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom, and is equiped with a bathtub. We'll provide you clean towels according on the length of your stay, and basic products as shampoo, or shower gel. You will also find a hair dryer at your disposal. If needed, the washing machine is located there too. The restroom is independant.  THE KITCHEN :  The kitchen is fully equiped, with all the kitchen accessories you'll need to cook, hotplates, an oven, and a dishwasher.  In the kitchen you'll also find plates, cutlery, glasses, or mugs, and equipments as a Nespresso machine, a toaster, a kettle, and a juicer. Basically, you'll find all you need to prepare delicio	Typical parisian 55m² flat with a sunny terrace (equiped with a garden lounge, an umbrella, chairs and tables), in Montmartre, between Place des Abbesses and Place Pigalle. Really convenient to run the city and go to the best touristic spots in town! The 55m² apartment has one bedroom, one bathroom, independant toilets, a kitchen, and a living room, but it especially has a big 11m² terrasse with a garden lounge to chill, an umbrella, and a table with chairs to have your meals outside!  THE BEDROOM :  The bedroom has a real and confortable bed, and storage for your stuff.  THE BATHROOM : The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom, and is equiped with a bathtub. We'll provide you clean towels according on the length of your stay, and basic products as shampoo, or shower gel. You will also find a hair dryer at your disposal. If needed, the washing machine is located there too. The restroom is independant.  THE KITCHEN :  The kitchen is fully equiped, with all the kitchen accessories you'
32754		This modern and luminous apartment is located in Montmartre. The Basilica of Sacre Coeur is 10 minutes away by foot. Everything you need to enjoy your stay from restaurants or shops to sites is within walking distance.
32755	When coming in Paris, enjoy our charming apartment located in the 18th district, not very far from Montmartre. The apartment is on the 1st floor, in an old parisian building, that used to be a former station of the republican guard.  The 3 room apartment (54 square meters) is bright and comfy. All the windows have view on the common garden, which is full of trees and flowers and will preserve you from the noise of the street (you may even ear some birds !). It is a cosy place with old style parquet ancien, big windows, many books, various things and paintings brought back from our trips. The apartment :  - 1 bedroom with an old javanese wood bed and hifi system ; - 1 living room with 2 sofas (1 can be used as a bed for 1 person : it is not a convertible sofa but it is big and firm and when we sometimes use it to sleep, we think it's alright, not exactly like a good old bed, but really ok), a little vintage desk, Internet (Wi-Fi) ; - 1 big fitted kitchen (oven, induction cooker, refrige	When coming in Paris, enjoy our charming apartment located in the 18th district, not very far from Montmartre. The apartment is on the 1st floor, in an old parisian building, that used to be a former station of the republican guard.  The 3 room apartment (54 square meters) is bright and comfy. All the windows have view on the common garden, which is full of trees and flowers and will preserve you from the noise of the street (you may even ear some birds !). It is a cosy place with old style parquet ancien, big windows, many books, various things and paintings brought back from our trips. The apartment :  - 1 bedroom with an old javanese wood bed and hifi system ; - 1 living room with 2 sofas (1 can be used as a bed for 1 person : it is not a convertible sofa but it is big and firm and when we sometimes use it to sleep, we think it's alright, not exactly like a good old bed, but really ok), a little vintage desk, Internet (Wi-Fi) ; - 1 big fitted kitchen (oven, induction cooker, refrige
32756	NOUVEAU ! Depuis juin 2014, le studio est maintenant équipé de doubles vitrages sur les deux fenêtres, ce qui rend le studio encore plus confortable. Ce magnifique studio de 23 mètres carrés a été refait entièrement à neuf dans un esprit chaleureux avec parquet, tapis marocain et canapé lit très confortable pour deux personnes. Le coin cuisine, séparé de la pièce principale est fonctionnelle et d'une décoration stylisé. La salle de bains est avec baignoire, lavabo, wc et machine à laver. Ce studio se situe dans une rue des plus fameuses de Montmartre à Paris : celle du Moulin de la Galette.Rue animée mais peu fréquentée par les voitures car c'est une impasse. Ce studio est unique de part sa fonctionnalité mais aussi de part son emplacement et l'ambiance  de ce quartier : Montmartre, célèbre pour ces peintres, ces vignes et ses belles petites rues avec Paris à vos pieds et nombreux lieux touristiques à proximité (Arc de Triomphe, Champs Elysés, Louvre, Opéra)Boxe fibre optique, Internet	Le studio est très propre dans une des plus belles rues de Montmartre.  Le quartier est très agréable avec des boutiques, des restaurants, des lieux culturels notamment le théâtre des Abbesses à 5mn à pied. NOUVEAU ! Depuis juin 2014, le studio est maintenant équipé de doubles vitrages sur les deux fenêtres, ce qui rend le studio encore plus confortable. Ce magnifique studio de 23 mètres carrés a été refait entièrement à neuf dans un esprit chaleureux avec parquet, tapis marocain et canapé lit très confortable pour deux personnes. Le coin cuisine, séparé de la pièce principale est fonctionnelle et d'une décoration stylisé. La salle de bains est avec baignoire, lavabo, wc et machine à laver. Ce studio se situe dans une rue des plus fameuses de Montmartre à Paris : celle du Moulin de la Galette.Rue animée mais peu fréquentée par les voitures car c'est une impasse. Ce studio est unique de part sa fonctionnalité mais aussi de part son emplacement et l'ambiance  de ce quartier : Montmartre,
32757	Nous  avons rénové et décoré avec passion cette maison du 19e siècle, dans un mélange de contemporain et d'ancien. A la fois confortable (plusieurs salles de bain, wc, deux salons, une grande cuisine, trois terrasses...), chaleureuse, claire et extra-calme, elle vous offre une halte à la fois singulière et typiquement parisienne pour votre séjour.	Votre chambre, avec terrasse et salle de bains privées, est située dans une maison d'architecte, dans une ruelle pavée à 2 pas de Montmartre. Vous aimerez : le calme absolu, la verdure et le charme atypique de la maison. Nous  avons rénové et décoré avec passion cette maison du 19e siècle, dans un mélange de contemporain et d'ancien. A la fois confortable (plusieurs salles de bain, wc, deux salons, une grande cuisine, trois terrasses...), chaleureuse, claire et extra-calme, elle vous offre une halte à la fois singulière et typiquement parisienne pour votre séjour. Outre votre chambre, salle de bains et terrasse privée, vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine, du salon et de la buanderie. Adorant le quartier, mon mari et moi-même nous tenons à votre disposition pour des conseils personnalisés en fonction de vos goûts et besoins. Nous parlons anglais et brésilien. Vieux quartier parisien, d'habitat populaire et familial, la Porte Montmartre est à 2 pas des Puces (5 mn à pied) et de la Butte 
32758	Vue plein sud sur le tout Paris dans la pièce principale et sur le Sacré-Coeur depuis les toilettes !	Studio confortable et lumineux avec lit 2 personnes, table à manger et coin bureau, cuisine équipée et salle de bain séparée. Quartier bien desservi par le métro, à deux pas de la gare du nord et proche de Montmartre. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes ! Vue plein sud sur le tout Paris dans la pièce principale et sur le Sacré-Coeur depuis les toilettes ! Je laisse un petit mode d'emploi de l'appartement aux voyageurs à la remise des clés Très bien desservi par les transports en commun (Gare du Nord et Barbès-Rochechouart à 2 pas) A pied : 20 minutes du Sacré-Coeur, 20 minutes du Canal St Martin
32759	The flat is located 50m from the line 4 that goes through all the interesting parts of paris (3 train stations, all the RER and almost all metros, st michel, odeon, cité, chatelet...), it is full of light (crossing the building from east to west) and the living room does not have any vis-à-vis.	"50m² flat located in the 18th district near Montmartre, fully equiped kitchen (washing machine, oven and dishwasher) and bathroom (bathtub), 2 places bed in each room and Wifi connexion. 50m away from the metro porte de Clignancourt. The flat is located 50m from the line 4 that goes through all the interesting parts of paris (3 train stations, all the RER and almost all metros, st michel, odeon, cité, chatelet...), it is full of light (crossing the building from east to west) and the living room does not have any vis-à-vis. the guests have access to all the equipment inclueding the wifi, and all the books. My flatmate and I will communicate with the guests before the rental and we'll be in touch during, if needed. the neighborhood has everything you could need (to shop, buy food and so on, and services). It's a nice place to live in and close to the Montmartre hill. metro line 4, bus 85 and 56. there are also ""velib"" stations if you'd like to visit Paris by bike."
32760	Au cœur du 18 ème arrondissement, vous pourrez visiter, Montmartre, Pigalle, le moulin rouge à pied. Quartier chaleureux et populaire, idéal pour sortir des sentiers battus, proche du canal de l'ourq vous pourrez vous balader en vélo jusqu'à la géode dans le parc de la villette. 	Bonjour à tous,  Joli 2 pièces, il se situe à 15 mn à pied de Montmartre, 15 mn également du canal de l'ourcq, idéal pour des visites de Paris en vélo!  Petit marché couvert du mardi au dimanche juste à côté avec rue pavée et restaurants sympas.  Au cœur du 18 ème arrondissement, vous pourrez visiter, Montmartre, Pigalle, le moulin rouge à pied. Quartier chaleureux et populaire, idéal pour sortir des sentiers battus, proche du canal de l'ourq vous pourrez vous balader en vélo jusqu'à la géode dans le parc de la villette.  Vous avez accès à la literie, à la machine à laver au four, la vaisselle.... En fonction de vos envies Le quartier est très sympa,  restaurants, bars à vins, marché, parcs, piscine toute proche. Métro ( L 12 et 2) bus ( 60, 65) tramway. lieux culturels sympas dans ce quartiers.
32761	Appartement lumineux et typique avec parquet, cheminées, moulures d'époque dans un immeuble Haussmanien dans le quartier de Montmartre et des Abesses.  Vous profiterez d'un grand calme, et pourrez vous détendre dans la grande douche à l'italienne. Le logement est pleinement équipé avec un grand lit 160x200cm, une salle de bain neuve avec grande douche a l'italienne, un grand canapé convertible permettant de faire dormir 2 personnes en plus. Vous pourrez profiter de la télé, d'enceintes pour écouter vos morceaux préférés, de grands classiques de la littérature française, d'une cuisine tout équipée (frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, micro ondes, machine à expresso, bouilloire, etc.)	Charmant 2 pièces dans immeuble Haussmanien de caractère et dans une rue calme à 2 pas de Montmartre et du Moulin Rouge. De nombreux restaurants et bistros typiques dans le quartier.  Accès rapide aux métros pour parcourir la Capitale et ses quartiers. Appartement lumineux et typique avec parquet, cheminées, moulures d'époque dans un immeuble Haussmanien dans le quartier de Montmartre et des Abesses.  Vous profiterez d'un grand calme, et pourrez vous détendre dans la grande douche à l'italienne. Le logement est pleinement équipé avec un grand lit 160x200cm, une salle de bain neuve avec grande douche a l'italienne, un grand canapé convertible permettant de faire dormir 2 personnes en plus. Vous pourrez profiter de la télé, d'enceintes pour écouter vos morceaux préférés, de grands classiques de la littérature française, d'une cuisine tout équipée (frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, micro ondes, machine à expresso, bouilloire, etc.) Logement entier Nous pouvons donner des conseils sur 
32762	42m2 apartment with a 10m2 mezzanine Spacious living room with an open-plan kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooktop, microwave oven, toaster, kettle, tea and basic condiments (salt, pepper, olive oil, vinegar)	Very cosy, quiet and sunny apartment in a typically-parisian style building, situated in the heart of Montmartre (Abbesses). You'll find all the comfort you need, WiFi, washing machine, microwave...  You will discover amazing bakeries, supermarkets,  42m2 apartment with a 10m2 mezzanine Spacious living room with an open-plan kitchen: dishwasher, fridge/freezer, cooktop, microwave oven, toaster, kettle, tea and basic condiments (salt, pepper, olive oil, vinegar) You'll be no more than 5 min away from 3 subways lines, # 12 line at ABBESSES, LAMARCK and PIGALE, # 2 line at BLANCHE. Several buse lines are also available in the area. Enjoy Montmartre and its exciting life with several cafés, exquisite restaurants, bars and theaters. Ideal for a flexible family, you will experience a wonderful time strolling the typical and charming streets of Paris. Check-in and check-out times are flexible my place is the best of paris to arrive to my place from the airport you can usepublic transport RER 
32763	"PARIS, 2 ROOMS IN OLD CROSSING MONTMARTRE  A 300M OF THE SACRED HEART  EASY TO DISCOVER THE CHARM OF CAPITAL:  - 250 meters from the metro stations: MARCADET PELAGIC (line 4 direct route NORTH STATION (4 stations or walking 750mètres) - RER B with direct access that connects the airport Paris Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Eurostar direct access - Gare de l'Est and visits Notre Dame, Sorbonne, Latin Quarter) and JULES JOFFRIN (line 12, direct trip Gare Saint Lazare and Gare Montparnasse for visits to the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées)  - 20 meters bus station No. 85 (for visits to the Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame, Louvre), bus No. 80 (for visits Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower), Montmartrobus (village tour Montmartre Place Pigalle, Moulin the cake, Sacred Heart, Amelie's Café, Place du Tertre and its painters of Paris, the vineyard ""St. Vincent,"" cabaret ""agile rabbit"" etc ...)  -250 Meters stations BUS No. 31 (visit Arc de Triomphe / Champs Elysees)  To 150 meters from the f"	"PARIS, 2 ROOMS IN OLD CROSSING MONTMARTRE  A 300M OF THE SACRED HEART  EASY TO DISCOVER THE CHARM OF CAPITAL:  - 250 meters from the metro stations: MARCADET PELAGIC (line 4 direct route NORTH STATION (4 stations or walking 750mètres) - RER B with direct access that connects the airport Paris Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Eurostar direct access - Gare de l'Est and visits Notre Dame, Sorbonne, Latin Quarter) and JULES JOFFRIN (line 12, direct trip Gare Saint Lazare and Gare Montparnasse for visits to the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées)  - 20 meters bus station No. 85 (for visits to the Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame, Louvre), bus No. 80 (for visits Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower), Montmartrobus (village tour Montmartre Place Pigalle, Moulin the cake, Sacred Heart, Amelie's Café, Place du Tertre and its painters of Paris, the vineyard ""St. Vincent,"" cabaret ""agile rabbit"" etc ...)  -250 Meters stations BUS No. 31 (visit Arc de Triomphe / Champs Elysees)  To 150 meters from the f"
32764	Very cute apartment of around 30 sqm, entirely renovated in January 2012. It is on the 6th and last floor, in a typical parisian building. With a wonderful view on both the Sacré-Coeur and the East of Paris, the apartment gets a lot of light. There is a large living-room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with a big comfortable bed for 2 and a bathroom including shower and toilets. Two people can be accomodated in the living-room, on a comfy mattress. It is perfect for a couple, a family with children or a group of 4 people. The coffee table in the living room can be lifted up and turned into a dining table very easily (it sits 6 people). Not pictured (yet!), there is also a very cute kitchen table in blue formica vintage that sits up to 4 people. Fully equipped : - wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL - oven (microwave and traditionnal) - fridge and freezer - 3 induction burners to cook  - washing-machine (laundry) and virtually anything you'd need to cook ! The neighbourhood is ex	Very cute apartment of around 30 sqm, entirely renovated in January 2012. It is on the 6th and last floor, in a typical parisian building. With a wonderful view on both the Sacré-Coeur and the East of Paris, the apartment gets a lot of light. There is a large living-room with an open kitchen, a bedroom with a big comfortable bed for 2 and a bathroom including shower and toilets. Two people can be accomodated in the living-room, on a comfy mattress. It is perfect for a couple, a family with children or a group of 4 people. The coffee table in the living room can be lifted up and turned into a dining table very easily (it sits 6 people). Not pictured (yet!), there is also a very cute kitchen table in blue formica vintage that sits up to 4 people. Fully equipped : - wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL - oven (microwave and traditionnal) - fridge and freezer - 3 induction burners to cook  - washing-machine (laundry) and virtually anything you'd need to cook ! The neighbourhood is ex
32765	Appartement clair et surtout très calme sur cour. Tous les commerces à proximité, bus et station de Velib à 50 mètres, métro à 100 mètre.	Bel appartement de 90 m2 situé à proximité du cimetière de Montmartre, près de la place des Abbesses.  Appartement très calme, sur cour. This is a quiet and cosy 3 bedrooms flat. Appartement clair et surtout très calme sur cour. Tous les commerces à proximité, bus et station de Velib à 50 mètres, métro à 100 mètre. Il dispose d'une salle de bain avec une grande baignoire et un wc séparé. Une grande cuisine dinatoire bien équipée, avec four vapeur, plaque induction, lave vaisselle, machine expresso, robot...  Double séjour spacieux et trois chambres avec un lit queen-size (My bed Sofitel) dans la chambre parentale. Nous habitons à Montmartre, un des quartiers les plus typiques de Paris où de nombreux films ont été tournés. A deux pas du Moulin de la Galette, et il vous suffit de remonter quelques marches pour arriver aux abords de la place du Tertre et du Sacré Coeur. Vous serez également à 5 minutes de la fameuse rue Lepic, de ses cafés, magasins et restaurants. Accès facile depuis Roi
32766	Notre appartement à l'avantage d'être situé dans une petite rue très calme, au coeur d'un des quartiers pourtant les plus animés, typiques et touristiques de Paris. Il dispose d'un lit 2 places (140x190) avec un matelas tout neuf! Un lit bébé. Et le canapé n'est pas convertible mais est assez confortable pour accueillir une personne supplémentaire.	Notre appartement à l'avantage d'être situé dans une petite rue très calme, au coeur d'un des quartiers pourtant les plus animés, typiques et touristiques de Paris. Il dispose d'un lit 2 places (140x190) avec un matelas tout neuf! Un lit bébé. Et le canapé n'est pas convertible mais est assez confortable pour accueillir une personne supplémentaire. À 500m du Sacré-Coeur et du Moulin Rouge. À 50m des métro Abbesses et Pigalle (direct de Gare du Nord et Gare Montparnasse). De nombreux bus au bout de la rue, vous emmènent dans tous les quartiers intéressants de Paris ;) Si vous venez, c'est que nous sommes absents. Mais je suis très disponible par mail, ma maman vous accueillera sur place chaleureusement et je ne manquerai pas de vous laisser de quoi vous repérer, tant dans l'appartement que dans Paris ;)  Le quartier est très vivant, avec de nombreux bars et de jolis restaurants (je vous donnerai nos bonnes adresses) ainsi que plusieurs attractions touristiques importantes. Vous êtes aus
32767		Two room spacious apartment of 45 square metres perfect for a couple for an incredible getaway in Paris.Charm and coziness is what you see and what you get.Situated just under the Sacre Coeur.
32768	Cet appartement se situe au 6ème étage d'un immeuble de 1905 et offre une vue unique sur Paris et le Sacré-Coeur. Exposé plein Ouest, il propose tous les soirs un coucher de soleil magnifique sur les toits parisiens . Ses volumes et sa conception en font un appartement très agréable à vivre. Pour les amoureux de la cuisine, il est très bien équipé, étant moi-même un passionné. Enfin, les 3 chambres, donnant sur la cour de l'immeuble, sont parfaitement calmes et permettent un sommeil de qualité.	Apt de 120 m², rénové par architecte en 2013. Très lumineux (6ème étage et traversant), très calme (chambres sur cour) et très agréable (cuisine ouverte sur salle à manger). Sécurité totale. Idéal pour des vacances au cœur du quartier de Montmartre. Cet appartement se situe au 6ème étage d'un immeuble de 1905 et offre une vue unique sur Paris et le Sacré-Coeur. Exposé plein Ouest, il propose tous les soirs un coucher de soleil magnifique sur les toits parisiens . Ses volumes et sa conception en font un appartement très agréable à vivre. Pour les amoureux de la cuisine, il est très bien équipé, étant moi-même un passionné. Enfin, les 3 chambres, donnant sur la cour de l'immeuble, sont parfaitement calmes et permettent un sommeil de qualité. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble des équipements de l’appartement sans restriction (TV, musique, Web, machines, cuisine, ...) Nous sommes situés au coeur du quartier de Montmartre, quartier où la douceur de vivre se ressent à chaque rue. Métro
32769		commerce marché café métro à 2 minutes
32770	Vue magnifique sur le Sacrée-Coeur. Grande cuisine équipée lumineuse, table 6 chaises. Lave-vaisselle/ micro-ondes/ Nespresso/ Lave linge, Sèche linge.	"Appartement de 4 pièces,  équipé (internet, cuisine équipée, deux douches, 1 lit en 140 cm, 1 lit 120 cm, 1 lit superposé, 1 canapé lit, lit d'appoint ...).Cinquième étage, digicode, sécurisé. Vue magnifique sur le Sacrée-Coeur. Grande cuisine équipée lumineuse, table 6 chaises. Lave-vaisselle/ micro-ondes/ Nespresso/ Lave linge, Sèche linge. Mise à disposition : ordi + WIFI + linge de maison et (website hidden)  + lecteur DVD  Jeux enfants  Quartier cosmopolite de Paris. Il est idéalement situé, près du Sacré-Cœur, du canal Saint Martin, du parc de la Villette (Géode, Cité de la musique), du centre culturel ""104"", des Buttes Chaumont et à proximité de 7 lignes de métro (M2, M7, M7Bis, M5, M4, RER B, RER E) vous permettant d'accéder facilement aux principaux sites de la capitale, gares de l'est et du Nord à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Il est également à proximité de nombreux restaurants, 3 cinémas, de 5 supermarchés (dont 2 bio), commerces ( cave à vin, fromagerie, boulangerie, marché "
32771		Je pars 4-5 jours, mon appartement peut donc accueillir 2 personnes pour un prix abordable. Situé à 10mn à pieds de Montmartre vous pourrez aussi avoir accès en 2mn aux lignes (phone number hidden)  ainsi qu'au Vélib. Cuisine,  SdB au Rdc, Ch en mezzanine! 
32772		Complete 2 room appartment (32m2), bath/shower, WC, fully equipped kitchen, real bed, couch, wifi, ventilation, washing machine, light, nice old wooden floor, very cosy! 5 mins to Sacré Coeur  Supermarkets, restaurants, cafés nearby Taxi/Metro nearby You will be on your own entirely in this flat The best is always to call, write a text, FB or whatever if there is any question or problem Animated neighborhood with a very unique and authentic way of cultural mixing, different nationalities, lots of things going on on the streets in the cafés, restaurants and bars.. real parisian living! (although safe, i live there).   supermarkets also very close, grocery stores open late Very close to the metro station, about 4 minutes to the one line and 3 to the other one, taxis around almost all the time, buses and night buses deserving in front of the house, vélib station 2 minutes ago
32773	A nice apartment situated excellently in the 18th arrondissement near shops and metro(ligne 4 and 12), and bus. It has 1bed room with 2 beds(1place each), kitchen, bathroom and living room + a tv and wifi	A nice apartment situated excellently in the 18th arrondissement near shops and metro(ligne 4 and 12), and bus. It has 1bed room with 2 beds(1place each), kitchen, bathroom and living room + a tv and wifi
32774	The apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all lovers of Paris. This beautiful gem is in the very heart of Paris' most romantic quarter of Montmartre, just a few minutes' walk from Metro Abbesses (line 12) and steps away from Montmartre's gorgeous bakeries and restaurants. Have a Croissant at the bakery Alexine, some cheese at the famous Fromagerie Lepic, or go to Amélie Poulain's grocery store, where that beautiful frenchie bought her food It is located on the 6th floor in in a unique 19th Century building. There is no elevator, so it will take a little effort before you can enjoy the beautiful view. A lot of thought has been put into decoration and guest's comfort.  Convertible  sofa is provided with a comfortable mattress. The kitchen and the bathroom will be impeccably cleaned. Towels and linen are provided.  The kitchen is fully equipped and has a fridge, a stove with 2 electric plates, and utensils (pots, pans, glasses, cutlery, plates ...). If you fancy co	In the heart of Montmartre, at the top of a building, lies this beautiful gem. All furniture is brand new and the apartment is carefully decorated. Come enjoy a lovely stylish stay in the best part of Paris. Just a few minutes' walk to the subway. The apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all lovers of Paris. This beautiful gem is in the very heart of Paris' most romantic quarter of Montmartre, just a few minutes' walk from Metro Abbesses (line 12) and steps away from Montmartre's gorgeous bakeries and restaurants. Have a Croissant at the bakery Alexine, some cheese at the famous Fromagerie Lepic, or go to Amélie Poulain's grocery store, where that beautiful frenchie bought her food It is located on the 6th floor in in a unique 19th Century building. There is no elevator, so it will take a little effort before you can enjoy the beautiful view. A lot of thought has been put into decoration and guest's comfort.  Convertible  sofa is provided with a comfortable mat
32775	L'APPARTEMENT : Dans un appartement typiquement Parisien d'une surface de 55 m², je loue deux chambres avec lit 2 personnes.  Vous profiterez d'un grand salon, d'un balcon et d'une cuisine toute équipée (lave linge, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur), ainsi que d'un WIFI rapide. Possibilité de dormir dans le salon : canapé + matelas gonflable 2 places épais, ce qui fait au total 7 couchages. LA LOCALISATION : L'appartement est situé à Montmartre dans la rue Lamarck.  - Le Sacré-Cœur est situé à 5 minutes à pieds - La station de métro Lamarck Caulaincourt (ligne 12) est à 4 minutes et Guy Moquet (ligne 13) à 8 minutes. - Les bus à moins d'une minute (lignes 80 et 95) => Vous pouvez rejoindre le centre de Paris (Concorde ou Opéra) en moins de 20 minutes. LE QUARTIER : Vous trouverez boulangeries, supérettes et fromagerie au pied de l'immeuble. N’hésitez pas à m’envoyer un message si vous avez des questions.  Mathieu	Bienvenue à Paris ! Appartement de 55 m² situé à Montmarte, rue Lamarck. Deux chambres avec lits doubles, salon, balcon et cuisine équipée (lave linge, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur), WIFI. Possibilité de dormir dans le salon : canapé + matelas gonflable 2 places épais. L'APPARTEMENT : Dans un appartement typiquement Parisien d'une surface de 55 m², je loue deux chambres avec lit 2 personnes.  Vous profiterez d'un grand salon, d'un balcon et d'une cuisine toute équipée (lave linge, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur), ainsi que d'un WIFI rapide. Possibilité de dormir dans le salon : canapé + matelas gonflable 2 places épais, ce qui fait au total 7 couchages. LA LOCALISATION : L'appartement est situé à Montmartre dans la rue Lamarck.  - Le Sacré-Cœur est situé à 5 minutes à pieds - La station de métro Lamarck Caulaincourt (ligne 12) est à 4 minutes et Guy Moquet (ligne 13) à 8 minutes. - Les bus à moins d'une minute (lignes 80 et 95) => Vous pouvez rejoindre le centre de Paris (Concord
32776	Idéalement situé à 3mn à pièd de Montmartre et de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur. Vous pourrez visiter le Bateau Lavoir,la maison de Dalida, la place du Tertre et ses artisites peintres. Vous êtes à quelques centaines de mètre du quartier de Pigale et son fameux Moulin Rouge et à quelques pas de la Place des Abesses et ses nombreaux bars et restaurants. L'appartement est calme avec cuisine équipée et tous les ustensiles nécessaires, d'un micro onde, frigo, percolateur à café, machine à laver et plaques éléctriques. Pour vous apporter un maximum de confort le salon vous permettra de profiter de son grand sofa, sa TV Led, sa Wifi et de quoi plugger votre smart phone pour écouter vos morceaux préférés. La salle de bain possède une douche, lavabo avec prise à proximité et des serviettes à disposition. Il également très poche des tous les commerces et transports en commun. Je serai très heureux de pouvoir vous accueillir et partager avec vous mes bonnes adresses dans le real romantic Paris ! E	Idéalement situé à 3mn à pièd de Montmartre et de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes et est très central proche de tous  commerces et transports. Très douillet et typiquement Parisien.  Idéalement situé à 3mn à pièd de Montmartre et de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur. Vous pourrez visiter le Bateau Lavoir,la maison de Dalida, la place du Tertre et ses artisites peintres. Vous êtes à quelques centaines de mètre du quartier de Pigale et son fameux Moulin Rouge et à quelques pas de la Place des Abesses et ses nombreaux bars et restaurants. L'appartement est calme avec cuisine équipée et tous les ustensiles nécessaires, d'un micro onde, frigo, percolateur à café, machine à laver et plaques éléctriques. Pour vous apporter un maximum de confort le salon vous permettra de profiter de son grand sofa, sa TV Led, sa Wifi et de quoi plugger votre smart phone pour écouter vos morceaux préférés. La salle de bain possède une douche, lavabo avec prise à proximité et de
32777	The apartment has everything you need for a wonderful stay in Paris. It is located on the 2nd floor (3rd floor for U.S). The living room has two windows on the street, whereas the bedroom and kitchen have theirs on a lovely quiet courtyard full of flowers. The size is 39m2 and can accommodate up to 4 people The apartment has one bedroom with a queen size bed and a living room with a mattress you can unfold for 2 more guests is available. A fully equipped kitchen offers a 4 gaz cooktop, a coffee maker (percolator that works with ground coffee) and a small fridge that has a small freeezer inside. Please note that there are no dishwasher. The bathroom have a small bathtub and toilets are separated. We also provide all the sheets, towels, home ware and dinning ware, etc. so you can cook a meal and feel at home. There is also free wireless hi-speed Internet and Cable TV. Sleeping : Max 4 people. This apartment is perfect for a couple or a couple with kids. Amenities: - A double bed in the b	Extremely well located 1 sunny bedroom flat, in the heart of Montmartre at the top of the hip Rue des Martyrs, near Place des Abbesses and Pigalle  -few minutes from Le Sacré-Coeur-. The appart is very close to the metro station Abbesses and Pigalle. The apartment has everything you need for a wonderful stay in Paris. It is located on the 2nd floor (3rd floor for U.S). The living room has two windows on the street, whereas the bedroom and kitchen have theirs on a lovely quiet courtyard full of flowers. The size is 39m2 and can accommodate up to 4 people The apartment has one bedroom with a queen size bed and a living room with a mattress you can unfold for 2 more guests is available. A fully equipped kitchen offers a 4 gaz cooktop, a coffee maker (percolator that works with ground coffee) and a small fridge that has a small freeezer inside. Please note that there are no dishwasher. The bathroom have a small bathtub and toilets are separated. We also provide all the sheets, towels, home
32778		Located at 5 min of the charming Montmartre district, on quiet street, this fully equipped flat of 36sq meter has 1 living room which is equipped with a comfortable sofa/bed,a fully equiped kitchen and a functionnal bathroom. This district is very multicultural, exotic, and living. This is an occasion to discover a different and so charming Paris. 8 min walk to Gare du Nord 10 min to Chatelet with the RER B from Gare du Nord 15 min to Gare de Lyon with the RER D from Gare du Nord Metro Barbès- Rochechouart Metro La Chapelle Gare du Nord
32779	Set amid the Rue Lepic between the Moulin Rouge and Place du Tertre.	Beautiful apartment, lying just beside the famous Moulin de la Galette . Very bright and sunny , the apartment consists of a spacious living room of contemporary style and two lovely rooms , ideal for family holidays ... Set amid the Rue Lepic between the Moulin Rouge and Place du Tertre. The apartment is ideal for a family. the master bedroom with a large bed 200/200 and children's room with 2 bunk beds 190/90 . The sofa in the living room is not convertible , it is not possible to sleep in. Rue Lepic is certainly the most typical , the most Parisian and most famous streets of Montmartre. So much so that a fancy restaurant in San Francisco bears his name. This is also the main shopping street of the village Montmartre. metro Blanche ou Abesses Rue Lepic It is found just outside the metro Blanche , close to the Moulin Rouge. Of nearly 800 m, it bypasses winding southwestern flank of Montmartre to reach the side of the mound Square.
32780	Our flat (2nd floor) is composed of two main independent rooms. One bedroom for 2 and a living room with a convertible sofa.  It is perfect for a couple and also fit for a group of 4. It is well furnished and you will find everything you might need to enjoy your stay.	A nice flat only 2 minutes far from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by walk The flat is located on the east side of Montmartre mountain, a popular, arty and lively area where you can find many nice bars, good restaurants and shops. Our flat (2nd floor) is composed of two main independent rooms. One bedroom for 2 and a living room with a convertible sofa.  It is perfect for a couple and also fit for a group of 4. It is well furnished and you will find everything you might need to enjoy your stay. You will have access to the entire apartment : bedroom, living room, kitchen with all the equipment to prepare your meals, bathroom and separated toilets.  We live 5 minutes by foot from the flat so you can reach us anytime in case of emergency.  Of course, you can also call us if you need any advice on your stay in Paris :) 
32781	Appartement 2 pièces Parisien très bien aménagé et tout confort au coeur de Paris. bien desservi par les transports (métros, bus, stations velibs etc.). Quartier animé mais appartement au calme donnant sur cour intérieur et jardin.  Appartement de 2 pièce situé à quelques pas de Montmatre, Pigalle, et autres restaurants et bars branchés. Venez découvrir Paris et séjourner dans l'un des quartiers les plus vivants de la capitale ! L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. Entièrement équipé : salle de bain (baignoire, machine à laver), toilettes séparés,cuisine ouverte sur le salon, et WIFI disponible gratuitement.  Je mets un point d'honneur à accueillir les voyageurs au début de leur séjour et leur expliquer comment fonctionne l'appartement et surtout pour leur donner quelques conseils pratico / pratique s'ils en ont besoin :)  N'hésitez pas à me poser vos questions, je tâcherai d'y répondre le plus rapidement possible :)  L'appartement est situé à quelque pas de Montmartre et du quar	Deux pièces lumineux, spacieux et central. Situé proche des nombreuses activités touristiques et à 1 min du métro.  Appartement 2 pièces Parisien très bien aménagé et tout confort au coeur de Paris. bien desservi par les transports (métros, bus, stations velibs etc.). Quartier animé mais appartement au calme donnant sur cour intérieur et jardin.  Appartement de 2 pièce situé à quelques pas de Montmatre, Pigalle, et autres restaurants et bars branchés. Venez découvrir Paris et séjourner dans l'un des quartiers les plus vivants de la capitale ! L'appartement peut accueillir 2 personnes. Entièrement équipé : salle de bain (baignoire, machine à laver), toilettes séparés,cuisine ouverte sur le salon, et WIFI disponible gratuitement.  Je mets un point d'honneur à accueillir les voyageurs au début de leur séjour et leur expliquer comment fonctionne l'appartement et surtout pour leur donner quelques conseils pratico / pratique s'ils en ont besoin :)  N'hésitez pas à me poser vos questions, je 
32782		Petit studio-loft atypique en rez-de-chaussé sur cours calme. A 15 mm à pied de Montmartre ou du parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5mm du bassin de la Villette et 2mm des Jardins d'Eole... 3 métros (2, 5 et 7) et de nombreux commerces et restaurants
32783	Charming studio in the heart of Montmartre: Abbesses exactly. Ideally located between the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Two metro lines, 4 stations within a 5 minutes' walk (M2 Anvers - Pigalle - Blanche / M12 Abbesses). The studio is located in a quiet residence, in the other side of a courtyard and the entrance is protected by a code. The studio has a main living room with a double bed (sofa bed / clic-clac), there is also a tidy bathroom and a kitchenette full equiped opening on the living room.  You will find all the equipment you want for your breakfast, your toilet or your relaxation after a day of sightseeing. Will be at your disposal: TV, DVD player & a large selection of movies, WIFI, guides for unusual and hidden places in Paris, for dinner or a drink. The services included are of course water, electricity and heating. Internet, TV, espresso machine, coffee, tea, breakfast, shower gel, towels, bed sheets, iron, and all needed ingredients to cook at home. Comfortable, char	Charming studio in the heart of Montmartre: Abbesses exactly. Ideally located between the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Two metro lines, 4 stations within a 5 minutes' walk (M2 Anvers - Pigalle - Blanche / M12 Abbesses). The studio is located in a quiet residence, in the other side of a courtyard and the entrance is protected by a code. The studio has a main living room with a double bed (sofa bed / clic-clac), there is also a tidy bathroom and a kitchenette full equiped opening on the living room.  You will find all the equipment you want for your breakfast, your toilet or your relaxation after a day of sightseeing. Will be at your disposal: TV, DVD player & a large selection of movies, WIFI, guides for unusual and hidden places in Paris, for dinner or a drink. The services included are of course water, electricity and heating. Internet, TV, espresso machine, coffee, tea, breakfast, shower gel, towels, bed sheets, iron, and all needed ingredients to cook at home. Comfortable, char
32784	Very cosy apartment on the 7th floor (with  elevator) located near the Sacré-Cœur basilica of Montmartre - one of the most beautiful tourist attractions in the city.  The neighbourhood is lively, with a large selection of nice bars and restaurants to choose from. For your convenience, there are many supermarkets within a few steps from the building too.  The apartment has a big balcony of 45m2, overlooking Montmartre and makes it a very romantic and special place. The balcony is full of lovely flowers and plants. You can the barbecue. It has a fully furnished open kitchen and a  bathroom with large shower. There is one separate bedroom with a double bed (140 x 190cm) as well as a convertible sofa bed (120 x 180cm) in the living room. The flat can thus comfortably host 4 people. 	Beautiful 45m2 (485 ft2) apartment, at the gates of Montmartre with a large balcony of 45m2 (485 ft2) directly overlooking the Sacré-Cœur Basilica. The apartment is a perfect starting point to visit the capital, that can host up to 4 people. Very cosy apartment on the 7th floor (with  elevator) located near the Sacré-Cœur basilica of Montmartre - one of the most beautiful tourist attractions in the city.  The neighbourhood is lively, with a large selection of nice bars and restaurants to choose from. For your convenience, there are many supermarkets within a few steps from the building too.  The apartment has a big balcony of 45m2, overlooking Montmartre and makes it a very romantic and special place. The balcony is full of lovely flowers and plants. You can the barbecue. It has a fully furnished open kitchen and a  bathroom with large shower. There is one separate bedroom with a double bed (140 x 190cm) as well as a convertible sofa bed (120 x 180cm) in the living room. The flat can t
32785	Atypical flat designed by a New York architect. This loft is very spacious with a modern and cozy interior design.  This flat is composed of a very big room which comprises the living room, the dining area and the American kitchen; a master bedroom with its adjoining large bathroom and an ideal second bedroom for children or for a stay between friends. Quiet, it faces a courtyard; it will be the ideal peace haven after a day’s visit before heading out for dinner in one of the many neighboring restaurants.	Located in the heart of the Abbesses neighborhood, between Pigalle and Montmartre, this spacious loft (120m²) houses 4 people for an ideal stay in Paris. Minimum stay 4/5 nights Atypical flat designed by a New York architect. This loft is very spacious with a modern and cozy interior design.  This flat is composed of a very big room which comprises the living room, the dining area and the American kitchen; a master bedroom with its adjoining large bathroom and an ideal second bedroom for children or for a stay between friends. Quiet, it faces a courtyard; it will be the ideal peace haven after a day’s visit before heading out for dinner in one of the many neighboring restaurants. In-house, you’ll benefit from the best comfort: bed linen, sheets and towels will be provided; you’ll have access to WIFI Internet, TV with international channels, a phone for your local calls and a DVD player with over 100 DVDs. There will always be someone to welcome you and show you around and that will rem
32786		Welcome to Paris! Enjoy our convivial, clean and fully furnished apartment, 55m², 3th floor of a typical Parisian building. The apartment is very quiet and sunny, overlooks a unique, popular location. The flat is fully furnished. There are two bedrooms, a living room with a diner table and a separate kitchen.  The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, microwave, oven and fridge. You also have a Wi-Fi access.  We will be glad to provide you personally all the information and advice you need during your stay. We enjoy meeting new people so feel free to ask us what you need! If you're coming from the airport Roissy-Charles de Gaule, the flat is only 2 stations away from Gare du Nord.  The apartment is at a 2 minutes walk to the metro Château Rouge (Metro Line 4) and 5 minutes walk from Barbes-Rochechouart (L2).  There is also a Velib Station with bikes available to be rented.
32787	We have a comfortable 80m2 and atypic Parisian flat. Parental large bedroom opened on the living room, junior bedroom with bed for 2 adults,  and our daughter  (4 years).  Warm in the winter, cool in summer. Very sunny, high ceilings, wood floors. Furnished US kitchen. We have a nice and comfortable bathroom with a tub and shower. 4th floor without elevator. For the lazy ones, you can take a look at my dvd collection on the videoprojector and his big screen, also pc and mac equiped, WIFI connected. on the 4th floor without elevator, the building is very old but with code access and it's getting renovated this spring. Baby facilities. In a popular and meltingpot area, our apartment is well connected to the subway or metro undergournd transport. The metro station is Stalingrad at 2mn (line 2, 5 and 7). We are 20 minutes away by metro from the Eiffel Tower, 15 minutes from the Department stores, 5 minutes from Montmartre and the old Paris, 5 minutes from the Canal St Martin...   The stree	The price is for single or 1 couple. 15€/adulte Child under 5/free Very sunny flat in the popular area near canal. 2 bedrooms, with a double bed 1 bedroom with simple bed + 1 children bed 1 leaving room with a couch 4th floor Without lift!!! We have a comfortable 80m2 and atypic Parisian flat. Parental large bedroom opened on the living room, junior bedroom with bed for 2 adults,  and our daughter  (4 years).  Warm in the winter, cool in summer. Very sunny, high ceilings, wood floors. Furnished US kitchen. We have a nice and comfortable bathroom with a tub and shower. 4th floor without elevator. For the lazy ones, you can take a look at my dvd collection on the videoprojector and his big screen, also pc and mac equiped, WIFI connected. on the 4th floor without elevator, the building is very old but with code access and it's getting renovated this spring. Baby facilities. In a popular and meltingpot area, our apartment is well connected to the subway or metro undergournd transport. The 
32788	Charmant appartement niché au cœur de Montmartre, dans une rue typique et animée. Idéal en couple ! Situé au centre du village des Abbesses, dans la rue de l'épicerie du Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain, à 300m du Sacré-Cœur. L'appartement est équipé d'une connexion Wifi et TV. Il est composé d'une belle pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et d'une chambre séparée avec salle de bains.  Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 chambre avec un lit double (draps et linge de maison fourni), fer à repasser - 1 salon avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec porte-serviettes chauffant et sèche-cheveux - 1 cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, cafetière, bouilloire, four micro-ondes combiné, fournitures (casseroles, poêles, torchons, liquide vaisselle, etc.) et vaisselle (assiettes, verres, tasses, couverts, etc.) à disposition. - Café, thés et chocolat à dispositio	Charmant appartement niché au cœur de Montmartre, dans une rue typique et animée. Idéal en couple ! Situé au centre du village des Abbesses, dans la rue de l'épicerie du Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain, à 300m du Sacré-Cœur. Charmant appartement niché au cœur de Montmartre, dans une rue typique et animée. Idéal en couple ! Situé au centre du village des Abbesses, dans la rue de l'épicerie du Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain, à 300m du Sacré-Cœur. L'appartement est équipé d'une connexion Wifi et TV. Il est composé d'une belle pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte et d'une chambre séparée avec salle de bains.  Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 chambre avec un lit double (draps et linge de maison fourni), fer à repasser - 1 salon avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec porte-serviettes chauffant et sèche-cheveux - 1 cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, 
32789	Mon logement est unique par son emplacement, face au jardin du sacré coeur. A 2mn de la basilique sur une place typique de la vie de quartier montmartroise et ses cafés terrasses.  Mon appartement est agréable à vivre et peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. vous serez au coeur de montmartre et du marché saint pierre (marché aux tissus).	Mon logement est unique par son emplacement, face au jardin du sacré coeur. A 2mn de la basilique sur une place typique de la vie de quartier montmartroise et ses cafés terrasses.  Mon appartement est agréable à vivre et peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. vous serez au coeur de montmartre et du marché saint pierre (marché aux tissus). Vous serez à 2 mn du sacré coeur et 5mn de pigalle. 3 lignes de métro à proximité pourront vous amener en moins de 20mn à tout les grands sites touristiques parisiens. Pendant cette période je ne serais pas à paris mais une très bonne amie sera vous accueillir et vous renseigner sur les bonnes adresses du quartier. Par la ligne 2 station anvers, la ligne 12 abbesses et la ligne 4 chateau rouge. Chacune à environ 5mn de mon appartement.
32790	Appartement parisien 2 pièces dans un immeuble haussmanien. Au calme au 4e étage donnant sur cour Très confortable et bien agencé pour recevoir deux ou trois personnes. Situé à 2 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur. Bouche de métro (ligne 4 )à 50 mètres.  De nombreux restaurants, bars, épiceries à proximité. Accès direct via les ligne 4 (50 mètres) et ligne 12( 500 mètres) à Saint Michel, l'île de la cité, Notre Dame, Saint Lazare et les grands magasins. Draps et serviettes fournis Pas de frais supplémentaires pour le ménage et le chauffage Very confortable flat for two or three people.  Well situated for a visit of paris. Near shops, restaurants, bars, theatres, moulin rouge. 2 metro lines nearby Large bed in the bedroom and Sofa bed available for 2 more people. Linen and towels are provided No extra fees for cleaning and heating	Appartement parisien 2 pièces dans un immeuble haussmanien. Au calme au 4e étage donnant sur cour Très confortable et bien agencé pour recevoir deux ou trois personnes. Situé à 2 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur. Bouche de métro (ligne 4 )à 50 mètres.  De nombreux restaurants, bars, épiceries à proximité. Accès direct via les ligne 4 (50 mètres) et ligne 12( 500 mètres) à Saint Michel, l'île de la cité, Notre Dame, Saint Lazare et les grands magasins. Draps et serviettes fournis Pas de frais supplémentaires pour le ménage et le chauffage Very confortable flat for two or three people.  Well situated for a visit of paris. Near shops, restaurants, bars, theatres, moulin rouge. 2 metro lines nearby Large bed in the bedroom and Sofa bed available for 2 more people. Linen and towels are provided No extra fees for cleaning and heating Vous aurez accès à toutes les parties de l'appartement.  Une partie des armoires vous sera réservée. Cuisine entièrement équipée à votre disposition L'appartement
32791	Welcome to my home, located in the heart of the historic, picturesque and lively ‘village’ of Montmartre. The 80 sq mètre (860sq ft) duplex apartment is situated on the 5th floor (walkup-no elevator) of a traditional Parisian apartment building dating from the mid-nineteenth century (the west end of the building can be seen in a painting by Vincent Van Gogh painted in 1887 from his brother Theo’s room in the next street).  On the upper floor, the apartment has two bedrooms, each with a double bed,  one with an en-suite bathroom with toilet. Each bedroom has a small balcony, one with a view to the Sacré Coeur. The rooms are connected to a large study/library which also has a small balcony.  On the lower floor, the large open-plan living room has twin double french windows giving onto a full-length balcony with views, at one end, of the Sacré Coeur basilica and, at the other end, a view over the rooftops of Paris to the city centre. The living room is equipped with a large-screen TV, CD/	The duplex flat, located in the heart of the historic ‘village’ of Montmartre, enjoys fabulous views of the Sacré Coeur and the rooftops of Paris and within a few steps you have access to some of the most mouth-watering food shops and lively cafés.  Welcome to my home, located in the heart of the historic, picturesque and lively ‘village’ of Montmartre. The 80 sq mètre (860sq ft) duplex apartment is situated on the 5th floor (walkup-no elevator) of a traditional Parisian apartment building dating from the mid-nineteenth century (the west end of the building can be seen in a painting by Vincent Van Gogh painted in 1887 from his brother Theo’s room in the next street).  On the upper floor, the apartment has two bedrooms, each with a double bed,  one with an en-suite bathroom with toilet. Each bedroom has a small balcony, one with a view to the Sacré Coeur. The rooms are connected to a large study/library which also has a small balcony.  On the lower floor, the large open-plan living room
32792	Hi! Here is my typical parisian appartment. It is made of a living room, a bedroom, a little bathroom and a well equiped kitchen. With its parquet and moldings, you couldn't dream of a better parisian style, very authentic in a very nice and folk area. You'll be just down an amazing and typical parisian market where you can find almost everything to eat french :-) Le Marché de l'Olive. Just near by you will find loads of cute bars and nice restaurants, I'll give you a tour. You will be welcomed with clean sheets and towels, and all needed in the bathroom :-) Its location is ideal if you want to walk around in some of the nicest areas of Paris. Sacré Coeur and the Canal St Martin are 15' by feet, Pigalle is 20', Gare du Nord is very close too. Le Marais is only 30' by bus (65). This neighbourhood is also perfect if you like to go out for it's surrounded by many many restaurants and bars. You will laso be close to pharmacies, Monoprix, bakeries... Furthermore, it's very easy to move from	35 sqm flat in the 18th, between Sacré Coeur and Canal St Martin, a very nice and lively area! Hi! Here is my typical parisian appartment. It is made of a living room, a bedroom, a little bathroom and a well equiped kitchen. With its parquet and moldings, you couldn't dream of a better parisian style, very authentic in a very nice and folk area. You'll be just down an amazing and typical parisian market where you can find almost everything to eat french :-) Le Marché de l'Olive. Just near by you will find loads of cute bars and nice restaurants, I'll give you a tour. You will be welcomed with clean sheets and towels, and all needed in the bathroom :-) Its location is ideal if you want to walk around in some of the nicest areas of Paris. Sacré Coeur and the Canal St Martin are 15' by feet, Pigalle is 20', Gare du Nord is very close too. Le Marais is only 30' by bus (65). This neighbourhood is also perfect if you like to go out for it's surrounded by many many restaurants and bars. You w
32793	Typical charming Parisian flat. Top floor with elevator. Historic building, hardwood floors, fireplace, tiles, brick wall. Roomy and cosy flat (60m2 or 645 sq ft) located in the heart of SoPi area (South Pigalle). The apartment is rent with a guide with good addresses in Paris , metro and bus plans. iPad and wifi free access.	Typically Parisian apartment, brick wall, hardwood floors, top floor, with 2 balconies with stunning views overlooking the rooftops and the Sacré Coeur. In the heart of SoPi (South Pigalle). Discover and live Paris like insiders! Ideal for a couple or couples with children. The apartment has 2 bedrooms (one child's room). The apartment is very nice, thanks to its large living room . The kitchen is also a real asset. 2 minutes walk from Pigalle Metro. Many shops and restaurants nearby. Typical charming Parisian flat. Top floor with elevator. Historic building, hardwood floors, fireplace, tiles, brick wall. Roomy and cosy flat (60m2 or 645 sq ft) located in the heart of SoPi area (South Pigalle). The apartment is rent with a guide with good addresses in Paris , metro and bus plans. iPad and wifi free access. 1 bedroom for 2 people with a double bed (200 x 140 cm), 1 children's bedroom equipped with a child bed (140 x 90 cm), living room (possibility of sleeping on the large sofa), kitche
32794	Lovely apartement divided in two spaces.  The down 12m² with bathroom, kitchen and living room corner.  The mezzanine 6m² with a large bed for two.  The exposed beams give a very warm look to the apartment.	"Lovely little apartment in a nice area behind Montmarte.  Well connected to main hot spots with metros (line 4 and line 12). You will also enjoy walking to Montmarte and Sacré coeur, it is only 15 minutes.  A bientôt, Mathieu Lovely apartement divided in two spaces.  The down 12m² with bathroom, kitchen and living room corner.  The mezzanine 6m² with a large bed for two.  The exposed beams give a very warm look to the apartment. - A real large bed for two. - Hi-fi  - Internet / wifi - Kitchen with electric hobs. - Fridge - Bathroom with shower and WC - Two small corner office and more . If I can help you for any informations please ask me. - Very good location as very close ( 5min walk ) metro stations "" Simplon "" (line 4) and Jules Joffrin "" ( line 12 ). Realy easy to go to Montmartre in 10 minutes.  - Small supermarket ( 5 minutes walk) open 7/7 until 23:00. - Very close to many typical French shops ( bakery, delicatessen ) . - 5 minutes to line 12 (Jules Joffrin) - 5 minutes to line"
32795	 Au cœur du quartier Montmartre à Paris, la rue Chappe monte au Sacré-Cœur. Le n° 12, une adresse confidentielle…. que l’on se serait donnée de bouche à oreilles. Une maison d’hôtes de luxe ouverte sur un jardin arboré, rénovée dans un esprit contemporain pour accueillir des voyageurs privilégiés. Toutes nos chambres sont équipées d’une salle de bain privée avec toilettes, de grands lits avec des matelas confortables . Une connexion WIFI est disponible dans toute la maison. Nous sommes situés à 5 minutes du Sacré-Coeur et à 15/30 minutes des principaux monuments de Paris. L’accès depuis les gares et les aéroports est facile et rapide.Pour affaire  ou tourisme, pour un court ou long séjour, Le Jardin de Montmartre vous offre un environnement de grand confort, un accueil chaleureux et personnalisé tout en respectant votre intimité. 	Au cœur du quartier Montmartre à Paris, la rue Chappe monte au Sacré-Cœur. Le 12, une adresse confidentielle que l’on se serait donnée de bouche à oreilles.Une maison d’hôtes de luxe ouverte sur un jardin arboré, rénovée dans un esprit contemporain. Au cœur du quartier Montmartre à Paris, la rue Chappe monte au Sacré-Cœur. Le n° 12, une adresse confidentielle…. que l’on se serait donnée de bouche à oreilles. Une maison d’hôtes de luxe ouverte sur un jardin arboré, rénovée dans un esprit contemporain pour accueillir des voyageurs privilégiés. Toutes nos chambres sont équipées d’une salle de bain privée avec toilettes, de grands lits avec des matelas confortables . Une connexion WIFI est disponible dans toute la maison. Nous sommes situés à 5 minutes du Sacré-Coeur et à 15/30 minutes des principaux monuments de Paris. L’accès depuis les gares et les aéroports est facile et rapide.Pour affaire  ou tourisme, pour un court ou long séjour, Le Jardin de Montmartre vous offre un environnement 
32796	Logement cosy et tout équipé, situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble de standing.  La vue sur les toits de Paris est exceptionnelle  (notamment la Tour Eiffel). Situé au calme, il bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal à deux pas de l'animation du quartier des Abbesses 	Appartement charmant de 35 m2 avec vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris (et même la Tour Eiffel). Idéalement situé dans le quartier des Abbesses, à proximité du Moulin Rouge, du Sacré Coeur ...        Logement cosy et tout équipé, situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble de standing.  La vue sur les toits de Paris est exceptionnelle  (notamment la Tour Eiffel). Situé au calme, il bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal à deux pas de l'animation du quartier des Abbesses Situé idéalement sur la Butte Montmartre, dans le quartier des Abbesses. Plein de charme.  Quartier très commerçant, piétonnier le weekend, très agréable pour passe un séjour parisien.  Accès via transport Depuis l'aéroport : à 30 mn avec le RER B / Gare du Nord puis Métro ligne 2  (Direction Porte Dauphine), station Blanche Autres stations proches : Abbesses, Place de Clichy, Lamark
32797	In the heart of Montmartre, a highly romantic 755ft² stylish apartment with the most extraordinary views of Paris! Located on the southeast side of the famous hill in Paris aka “Montmartre”. 7th floor (w/elevator) in a 1934 art deco style and opulent-looking building (on the street corner), this apartment offers a fantastic 270° view with a wide open outlook of all Paris has to offer… From the “Sacré-Coeur” to “La Défense”, you can spend the night looking at the enlightened monuments of Paris: the “Tour Eiffel”, the “Dôme des Invalides”, the “Arc de Triomphe”, the fantastic roof of the “Grand Palais”, the “Tour Montparnasse”, the “Madeleine church”, the “French Parliament” and a lot of others world renown sites… Even a huge R2-D2! And of course The “Sacré-Coeur” and Montmartre on the other side to complete the view! The apartment is lightened up by the sun all day long. The sun rises on the bedroom and the living-room then arrives in the dining-room around 1PM, stays on the dining-room	In the heart of Montmartre, a highly romantic 755ft² stylish apartment with the most extraordinary views of Paris! Located on the southeast side of the famous hill in Paris aka “Montmartre”. 7th floor (w/elevator) in a 1934 art deco style and opulent-looking building (on the street corner), this apartment offers a fantastic 270° view with a wide open outlook of all Paris has to offer… From the “Sacré-Coeur” to “La Défense”, you can spend the night looking at the enlightened monuments of Paris: the “Tour Eiffel”, the “Dôme des Invalides”, the “Arc de Triomphe”, the fantastic roof of the “Grand Palais”, the “Tour Montparnasse”, the “Madeleine church”, the “French Parliament” and a lot of others world renown sites… Even a huge R2-D2! And of course The “Sacré-Coeur” and Montmartre on the other side to complete the view! The apartment is lightened up by the sun all day long. The sun rises on the bedroom and the living-room then arrives in the dining-room around 1PM, stays on the dining-room
32798	The apartment is warm, it feels like home! We share the kitchen with oven, yum yum .. and also our spices and oils .. Also the bathroom has a natural light (because we see the sky! ) a shower and toilet .. If necessary machine to wash and printer. Transport  EASY ACCESS NEAR; 5 minutes from Montmartre, and 15min bike or Châtelet metro !! To visit near the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge ( 15 min walking ), TOO fast access to central Paris and its monuments (Notre Dame, Louvre etc) No curfew;) We are a couple used to the roommate, available to guide you in this beautiful city, very rich of activities. In the apartment there is a second large room where we sleep. I'm a dancer / contemporary dance and Pilates teacher  (29 years) and he is a professional jazz musician age 39. Respectful of a good life together, we are enthusiastic  to discover travelers from multiple cultures, so feel free to join us! 	        Our beautiful guest room is very charming : spacious, bright, quiet, overlooking the rooftops of Paris and the sunrise .. We sleep in the other room ; share the kitchen-living room (overlooking the Sacré-Coeur) , the bathroom-WC & tips !!          The apartment is warm, it feels like home! We share the kitchen with oven, yum yum .. and also our spices and oils .. Also the bathroom has a natural light (because we see the sky! ) a shower and toilet .. If necessary machine to wash and printer. Transport  EASY ACCESS NEAR; 5 minutes from Montmartre, and 15min bike or Châtelet metro !! To visit near the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge ( 15 min walking ), TOO fast access to central Paris and its monuments (Notre Dame, Louvre etc) No curfew;) We are a couple used to the roommate, available to guide you in this beautiful city, very rich of activities. In the apartment there is a second large room where we sleep. I'm a dancer / contemporary dance and Pilates teacher  (29 years
32799		Charming flat at the foot of the Montmartre Hill, in the heart of a beautiful fabric market. You will be immersed in the authentic and romantic atmosphere of the old Montmartre.
32800	The appartement is very clean and is mostly empty of personnal effects . You can use a (website hidden) is 21 m2. It has been made very practical and comfortable, as well as nicely decorated. cat mira lives here at times and love being in this animated area, close to Montmartre. Transports take you very quickly to all parts of Paris	"the appartement  is very quiet, it is located on the groundfloor by a courtyard. it is well decorated, cosy and has all comfort equipment as well as a drying washing machine.Ten minutes walk from the ""Sacré Coeur"" by small (website hidden) from airport The appartement is very clean and is mostly empty of personnal effects . You can use a (website hidden) is 21 m2. It has been made very practical and comfortable, as well as nicely decorated. cat mira lives here at times and love being in this animated area, close to Montmartre. Transports take you very quickly to all parts of Paris the guests can feel at home and use all equipments . better than hotel the housekeeper can help and you will find adresses in the guests book people from all over the world live around. Two restaurants are right in the street and many parts are close as the indian part and Clichy and Montmartre. Many routes  (métro, bus and RER) by walk from the appartement MÉTRO  -LIGNE 2 : station LA CHAPELLE (3 mn)  HALL T"
32801	L'appartement est pour le moment encore disponible aux dates indiquées, mais cela ne saurait tarder aux vues des nombreuses demandes. veuillez confirmer votre arrivée rapidement afin de ne pas louper l'occasion. 	Charmant appartement pour deux personnes, dans un quartier cosmopolite et bien desservi. Aux bas de la butte Montmartre ce grand studio, situé en résidence surveillée vous donnera un pieds à terre chaleureux et cosy dans Paris, pour toute excursions! L'appartement est pour le moment encore disponible aux dates indiquées, mais cela ne saurait tarder aux vues des nombreuses demandes. veuillez confirmer votre arrivée rapidement afin de ne pas louper l'occasion. ils auront accès a un espace de vie quelque peu intime qui donnera au mot hôte tout son sens
32802	Cosy and clean 1 bedroom flat in the center of Montmartre. Balcony, big living room with a couch (for 2 persons) and american kitchen. And one bedroom for 2 persons and bathroom.	5 min walking to the Sacré Cœur, lovely, cosy and very clean appartment with all the utilities and shops (restaurants, bars and cafés). Living room with american kitchen, balcony, bedroom and bathroom. Everything you need ! Cosy and clean 1 bedroom flat in the center of Montmartre. Balcony, big living room with a couch (for 2 persons) and american kitchen. And one bedroom for 2 persons and bathroom. The whole flat ! :) Plenty shops, restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, wine bars, wine shops and market (week-end only)  .... 5 min walking from the Sacré Coeur (church), 5 min walking from 3 differents tube stations : Anvers (line 2), Jules Joffrin (line 12), Château rouge (line 4). Bus line 85 straight to the center of Paris (Marais, Quartier Latin). Near Gare du Nord & Gare de l'Est.
32803	Located in the heart of Montmartre, this beautiful apartment decorated with character in a typical Parisian style of the thirties, you will travel through time ... The combination of bright colors, wooden furniture and parquet flooring creates a warm atmosphere baroque and you will appreciate. Various small apartment balconies offer you breathtaking views of the neighborhood, so you can contemplate Montmartre at any time of day or night ...	Beautiful apartment Paris Montmartre Located in the heart of Montmartre, this beautiful apartment decorated with character in a typical Parisian style of the thirties, you will travel through time ... The combination of bright colors, wooden furniture and parquet flooring creates a warm atmosphere baroque and you will appreciate. Various small apartment balconies offer you breathtaking views of the neighborhood, so you can contemplate Montmartre at any time of day or night ... Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of 
32804		Cosy and modern, newly renovated flat.  Ideally located in the heart of typical Montmartre. Only few minutes away from the Sacré Coeur.  Everything you need just around the corner.  50 meters aways from metro station. 
32805	Very nice flat with 1 bedroom in Paris for 2 people.  20 mn from Montmartre and Canal St Martin by feet, close from Gare du Nord (10 min walk) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Montmartre (2 stop) and Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ...  The flat is also near the indian area where you can eat spicy exotic dishes for cheap. The two subways (Métro LA CHAPELLE / Line 2 and Marx DORMOY / Line 12) are both 200 m from the flat. The flat is a 28 sqm, completely renovated (may 2011), in a 1900's Haussman building.  There is a 140 cm mattress in the bedroom. Ground floor, quiet, and fresh in summer. 28£ for cleaning/laundry service…  That's including towels, sheets, heater, hairdryer, kitchen equipment, wifi access, multi channel tv..  Deposit required : 150£ Public transportation: :::::::::: Subway ::::::::::  Métro La Chapelle / Line 2 is 200 m from the flat;   Direct line to Montmartre (2 stops) and Père-Lachaise cimetery (7 stops).  Around same place, the bus 48 can bring you directly to the Louvre	Beautiful, design and cosy 1 bedroom apartment situated just near Montmartre. The apartment is in a truly Haussman period building of 1890 between 2 courtyards: the silence to sleep well and a nice wooded courtyard when you open the shutters. Enjoy! Very nice flat with 1 bedroom in Paris for 2 people.  20 mn from Montmartre and Canal St Martin by feet, close from Gare du Nord (10 min walk) and Gare de l'Est, direct line to Montmartre (2 stop) and Père-Lachaise (7 stops) ...  The flat is also near the indian area where you can eat spicy exotic dishes for cheap. The two subways (Métro LA CHAPELLE / Line 2 and Marx DORMOY / Line 12) are both 200 m from the flat. The flat is a 28 sqm, completely renovated (may 2011), in a 1900's Haussman building.  There is a 140 cm mattress in the bedroom. Ground floor, quiet, and fresh in summer. 28£ for cleaning/laundry service…  That's including towels, sheets, heater, hairdryer, kitchen equipment, wifi access, multi channel tv..  Deposit required : 15
32806	Our house is a workshop totally renovated and transformed in a modern house, hidden in the heart of Montmartre.	Ours house is ideal for a family with children visiting Paris and his area. Notre maison est totalement atypique! Invisible de la rue, elle a été aménagée à partir d'un ancien atelier de fourreur dans un esprit loft avec une grande verrière. Our house is a workshop totally renovated and transformed in a modern house, hidden in the heart of Montmartre. You will have access to a real house : on the main plan you have a living room with a big leather sofa where you can relax in front of the glass windows with a view on the patio... Then you go to the the heart of the house : the big kitchen/dining room fully equipied.  I love to cook so you will be able to use the Kitchen-Aid, the blender, the siphon, the ice-cream maker, the numerous cook-books (in english and french also) and we of course have the basics (refrigerator, freezer, oven, microwave, coffee maker Nespresso). On this floor you have also the bathroom with a double bowl and a real bath; a room with a single bed for a child. On t
32807	After a walking and romantic day in Paris, you'll relax on the sofa, check your emails with wi fi, watch a good movie on TV or just stay at the window and look at the beautiful Sacré Coeur basilique, illuminated by night.  In the apartment, you'll be seduced by our vintage furnitures, the William Morris wallpapers in corridor and living room, by the cement tiles and the industrial window in the bathroom.  	This lovely vintage style apartment with view on Sacré-Coeur is perfect for a romantic stay in Paris. In couple or with a baby. It's situated in Village Ramey, full of trendy bars & gastronomic restaurants. Located 2 min far from metro stations  After a walking and romantic day in Paris, you'll relax on the sofa, check your emails with wi fi, watch a good movie on TV or just stay at the window and look at the beautiful Sacré Coeur basilique, illuminated by night.  In the apartment, you'll be seduced by our vintage furnitures, the William Morris wallpapers in corridor and living room, by the cement tiles and the industrial window in the bathroom.  Fully equipped, our home is situated at the 6th floor without elevator and it's 60 m2. It has a double bed and a little one if you travel with your baby (less than 3 years old). Since we have a baby, we've everything at home to welcome yours (little bathtub, small bed, chair and baby changing table). The kitchen is fully equipped with micro wa
32808		Studio de 25 m2 aux abbesses au pied de la butte Montmartre, quartier magnifique, dans une rue calme. Proche du métro abbesses, Anvers et blanche. Proche de nombreux bars et restaurants aux charmes incomparables. Le studio est composé d'une pièce principale avec cuisine séparée.
32809	- FREE Montmartre walking tour included in booking (highly rated company Sight Seeker's Delight-inquire for more details) - Cute Northern Montmartre location (18th district City Hall) - 'neighborhood' feel - 15 minute walk from Sacre Coeur - Quick & easy access to tourist destinations: direct transport to Notre Dame, Champs-Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Latin Quarter, etc. - Detailed Paris guide included (metro tips, taxi info, conversation guide, neighborhood bar & restaurant tips...)  - Discounts available on English-speaking Paris activities (highly rated walking tours, cooking classes, wine tastings, comedy show...). - Bright, clean, chic and cozy - Quiet and calm (apartment on courtyard) - 1 full bed + 1 convertible bed - Full kitchen (real oven, stove, microwave, cooking and eating utensils) - Clothes washer, drying rack, iron - Secure entry (three locked doors from street) - Sheets, towels, etc. all provided - Street market (including famous cheese shop) just a few min	Montmartre Paris apartment is charming, cozy-chic, bright. Balcony on tranquil,lush,calm courtyard. Easy pleasant walk to Montmartre - Sacre-Coeur in 15min. Very simple to get to main destinations (Notre Dame/Latin Quarter/Eiffel/Champs-Elysees etc.) - FREE Montmartre walking tour included in booking (highly rated company Sight Seeker's Delight-inquire for more details) - Cute Northern Montmartre location (18th district City Hall) - 'neighborhood' feel - 15 minute walk from Sacre Coeur - Quick & easy access to tourist destinations: direct transport to Notre Dame, Champs-Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Latin Quarter, etc. - Detailed Paris guide included (metro tips, taxi info, conversation guide, neighborhood bar & restaurant tips...)  - Discounts available on English-speaking Paris activities (highly rated walking tours, cooking classes, wine tastings, comedy show...). - Bright, clean, chic and cozy - Quiet and calm (apartment on courtyard) - 1 full bed + 1 convertible bed - Fu
32810	A true Parisian cocoon for two. Half-industrial, half-Scandinavian, this cozy two-piece (30 square meters) white parquet is located in the popular 18th arrondissement, close to the famous Montmartre or trendy SOPI (South Pigalle) and its new restaurants, cafes and bars cocktail. The area is lively, cosmopolitan, ideal to discover the real Paris. Near the metro (lines 4 and 12 in particular), a station Vélib 'and grocery stores (open Sunday supermarket just down), its location allows you to be in the center of Paris (Louvre, Châtelet -Les Halles ...) or Left Bank (St Germain des Prés) in 20 minutes, as well as access to the RER A (Disneyland ...) and the RER B (Roissy Charles de Gaulle ...) in 15 minutes. Quiet and typically Parisian building, protected by a code. View. Apartment just renovated. Wifi & tv.	Cosy apartment near Montmartre, in the heart of the cosmopolitan 18th arrondissement. Ideal to discover the real Paris. Close to metro and food. Quiet building. A true cocoon for two. A true Parisian cocoon for two. Half-industrial, half-Scandinavian, this cozy two-piece (30 square meters) white parquet is located in the popular 18th arrondissement, close to the famous Montmartre or trendy SOPI (South Pigalle) and its new restaurants, cafes and bars cocktail. The area is lively, cosmopolitan, ideal to discover the real Paris. Near the metro (lines 4 and 12 in particular), a station Vélib 'and grocery stores (open Sunday supermarket just down), its location allows you to be in the center of Paris (Louvre, Châtelet -Les Halles ...) or Left Bank (St Germain des Prés) in 20 minutes, as well as access to the RER A (Disneyland ...) and the RER B (Roissy Charles de Gaulle ...) in 15 minutes. Quiet and typically Parisian building, protected by a code. View. Apartment just renovated. Wifi & tv.
32811	It is very bright, quiet. It offers a sight on the sky and the roofs of Paris sight on the heights of the Sacred Heart … And a continual sight on garden (the terrace of 18 m2 raised) … The campaign in Paris! A haven of peace at the heart of the city!	Situated on the 6th floor with elevator, ideal for a couple (+ 1 child) or 3 friends. Pleasant and quiet district very close to Montmartre which you can see from the terrace of 18 m2 … The campaign in Paris, with all conveniences and an open outlook! It is very bright, quiet. It offers a sight on the sky and the roofs of Paris sight on the heights of the Sacred Heart … And a continual sight on garden (the terrace of 18 m2 raised) … The campaign in Paris! A haven of peace at the heart of the city! All the apartment! WIFI, television, kitchen, coffee machine (expresso)... If you have any question, we can get in touch by phone (SMS) and by airbnb!
32812		17 m2 dans un immeuble haussmanien. Chambre privée spacieuse et lumineuse.  A partager salle de bain, wc et cuisine. 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre. Tous commerces à proximité, métro et bus 2 minutes à pieds. Accès métro lignes 4 et 2 Barbès Rochechouart. RER D et B Gare du Nord.
32813	This lovely appartment has just been renovated like new. The appartment has one bedroom with a very confortable queensize bed facing the full equiped bathroom. The living room has a sofabed that can be used by 2 people, a desk and a fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre's Sacre Coeur, this appartment has a wonderful large terrace (25 m2) overlooking a green garden - and can accomodate up to 4 people.  The place is incredibily calm for being so close to the heart of Montmartre. The neighborhood is young, vibrant and very Parisian with tons of nice restaurants,bistrots, delicatessen, traiteurs and supermarkets right at the doorstep. Closest subway station is Lamarck Caulincourt (5 min walk). The place is unique thanks to its lovely and sunny terrace and the calm given by its unique location.	Le calme absolu à 5 minutes à pieds du coeur de Montmartre. Ce deux pièces entièrement refait par un architecte propose des prestations très haut de gamme avec une magnifique terrasse arborée. Idéal pour 2 personnes mais aussi possible pour 4. This lovely appartment has just been renovated like new. The appartment has one bedroom with a very confortable queensize bed facing the full equiped bathroom. The living room has a sofabed that can be used by 2 people, a desk and a fully equiped kitchen with dishwasher. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre's Sacre Coeur, this appartment has a wonderful large terrace (25 m2) overlooking a green garden - and can accomodate up to 4 people.  The place is incredibily calm for being so close to the heart of Montmartre. The neighborhood is young, vibrant and very Parisian with tons of nice restaurants,bistrots, delicatessen, traiteurs and supermarkets right at the doorstep. Closest subway station is Lamarck Caulincourt (5 min walk). The place is unique tha
32814	"Welcome to this nice 40 square meters apartment in Paris ! Located on the hillside of Butte Montmartre, the apartment is ground floor of a green and very peaceful courtyard. The difference with others? You have a  terrace ! Living room with kitchen , a bedroom with a double bed and a big bathroom with a bathtube ! Located betweeen the popular and vivid area of Barbes and the trendy bobo district of La Butte, this apartment is perfect to discover the wonders of Paris AND to enjoy a calm and quiet nest after your days of walking in the streets and visiting our sightseeings. You can choose the trendy area above the street : Restaurants, café, alternative bars, workshops and galleries. Or the classical worldly famous Sacré Cœur de Montmartre (5mn walk). Or the charming postcard of ""Amelie"" in the area of Abbesses ! The metro stop is at the corner of the street and leads you directly to the very heart of Paris in only 15mn (line 4 going to Les Halles, Le Marais and saint Germain des Prés). "	Welcome to this nice 40 square meters apartment in Paris ! Located on Butte Montmartre, the apartment is ground floor. The difference with others? You have a  green and quiet terrace !Living room/kitchen+bedroom+bathroom (WITH bathtube). Welcome to this nice 40 square meters apartment in Paris ! Located on the hillside of Butte Montmartre, the apartment is ground floor of a green and very peaceful courtyard. The difference with others? You have a  terrace ! Living room with kitchen , a bedroom with a double bed and a big bathroom with a bathtube ! Located betweeen the popular and vivid area of Barbes and the trendy bobo district of La Butte, this apartment is perfect to discover the wonders of Paris AND to enjoy a calm and quiet nest after your days of walking in the streets and visiting our sightseeings. You can choose the trendy area above the street : Restaurants, café, alternative bars, workshops and galleries. Or the classical worldly famous Sacré Cœur de Montmartre (5mn walk). Or
32815		"C'est un tout petit studio parisien dans le quartier de Montmartre. Plusieurs restaurants et commerces au pied de l'immeuble.  Métro et bus à proximité. Au plaisir de vous recevoir bientôt. Sonia Je serai heureuse de vous renseigner en cas de besoin. Pour se balader dans Paris - Bus numéro 80 ""juste en bas de l'immeuble"" pour se rendre aux CHAMPS ÉLYSÉES (15 minutes) - Bus numéro 80 jusqu'à Place de Clichy et bus numéro 95 pour se rendre au quartier d'OPERA (15 minutes) - Bus 80 jusqu'à Alma-Marceau et bus numéro 42 pour se rendre à la TOUR EFFEIL (25 minutes) -Bus 80 jusqu'à Place de Clichy et bus numéro 95 pour aller au MUSÉE DU LOUVRES (20 minutes) - Prendre le métro 12 station Marcadet-Poissonniers à 8 minutes à pieds de l'immeuble pour se rendre aux INVALIDES (30 minutes) Vous pourrez aussi vous rendre au chateau de versailles, au Musée Grévin, à Notre Dame, au Pont des Arts (le pont des amoureux), le Panthéon, Pigalle, la Place de la Bastille, faire des balades romantiques sur la"
32816	The room is quite large, and features a comfortable queen size bed, a dresser, and a desk. This second floor appartment includes one other bedroom, a living room, a full kitchen, a bathroom and toilets.	This spacious appartment feature anything you might need to enjoy your stay in the city. Located near Gare du Nord, Pigalle and Montmartre. The room is quite large, and features a comfortable queen size bed, a dresser, and a desk. This second floor appartment includes one other bedroom, a living room, a full kitchen, a bathroom and toilets. You would have access to the living room (with its large tv screen and its bar), the bathroom, the toilets, and the kitchen. I would try to remain available for any question you might have or for any help I would need. I occupy the other bedroom, and would be there when I'm not at work. I like where the appartment is located, because being mostly a working class neighborhood, you can find all kinds of cheap food, convenient stores open late, etc... Roughly 40 minutes from CDG airport taking the train. The metro is just a short walk away. You can either catch line 2 'La Chapelle' or line 12 'Marx Dormoy'. Constructions are underway, which means there
32817		situé entre la gare du nord, canal st martin et montmartre
32818	Hi, I have to offer you for your perfect vacations in the historical quarter of Paris “Montmartre & Pigalle” where the famous movie “Amelie Poulain” was shot, a lovely, luxurious, romantic, calm and cosy 1 bedroom flat. You will enjoy the balcony with its south exposition, offering you a very rare panoramic view on Paris and the Eiffel-Tower. This means that you will have the privilege to see the Eiffel-Tower shining from 6pm until 1am every hours, either from the balcony or the living room… The flat is 38 square meters (410SqFt) fully renovated with style and design. It is an exceptionally sunny modern flat with large windows in every room, which offers bright daylight all day long. The flat is accessible by elevator at the 6th and last floor of an early renovated 20th century, secured (digit code and interphone) and quiet building. The flat is fully equipped with:  a TV, blue-ray in the living room,  a large dressing in the bedroom with a 140/200 double bed.  a modern kitchen with (a	Excpetionaly Quiet & Sunny Flat with a south oriented balcony and large view all over Paris, and the Eiffel Tower! Very well located, charming and well decorated with all needed equipement to have the perfect vacation at Montmartre! Just love it ;) ! Hi, I have to offer you for your perfect vacations in the historical quarter of Paris “Montmartre & Pigalle” where the famous movie “Amelie Poulain” was shot, a lovely, luxurious, romantic, calm and cosy 1 bedroom flat. You will enjoy the balcony with its south exposition, offering you a very rare panoramic view on Paris and the Eiffel-Tower. This means that you will have the privilege to see the Eiffel-Tower shining from 6pm until 1am every hours, either from the balcony or the living room… The flat is 38 square meters (410SqFt) fully renovated with style and design. It is an exceptionally sunny modern flat with large windows in every room, which offers bright daylight all day long. The flat is accessible by elevator at the 6th and last f
32819	You'll have a sofa bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x 79 in) in the living room. The flat is very quiet as it gives out onto an inner, green yard. The room (17m) is private in a shared apartment I never pass through this room because I've a separate access to the other shared rooms (kitchen and bathroom) Every sort of shop is to be found nearby; including exotic groceries. Bakeries, supermarkets, restaurants, coffee bars... all that you need is within a reach of less than 200 yards. The flat is really well located. A stone throw away from the Sacré-Coeur church, and therefore the highly sought after Abbesses area, or Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the well-known Saint-Ouen flea market.... The bathroom is small but with everything you need. Please look the photos before accept the reservation. 	A quiet and fully equipped private room ; close to Montmartre, underneath the Sacré-Coeur church. Room for up to 2 people. Ideal for discovering Paris You'll have a sofa bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x 79 in) in the living room. The flat is very quiet as it gives out onto an inner, green yard. The room (17m) is private in a shared apartment I never pass through this room because I've a separate access to the other shared rooms (kitchen and bathroom) Every sort of shop is to be found nearby; including exotic groceries. Bakeries, supermarkets, restaurants, coffee bars... all that you need is within a reach of less than 200 yards. The flat is really well located. A stone throw away from the Sacré-Coeur church, and therefore the highly sought after Abbesses area, or Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the well-known Saint-Ouen flea market.... The bathroom is small but with everything you need. Please look the photos before accept the reservation. Here's the flat equipment : -sofa-bed (120 x 200 cm; 45 x
32820	I have been living in this apartment for a couple of years and renovated it entirely last year. Big job to get the parquet back, have a brand new bathroom and get some new furniture so I definitely hope that you will like it.	In the heart of Montmartre between touristy and popular places, my comfortable and sunny two-room apartment is an ideal and cosy place for your stay in Paris. Fully equipped kitchen and parking available as an option (15 euros per day) I have been living in this apartment for a couple of years and renovated it entirely last year. Big job to get the parquet back, have a brand new bathroom and get some new furniture so I definitely hope that you will like it. I rent out the entire apartment. There is one bed and one sofa bed. technically it can accomodate 4 people but that must be a maximum of 3 adults or a couple and two kids. Otherwise that might be over crowdy. I am totally open to provide as much information as you want about what suits you best : restaurants, museum, cycling itineraries, markets. Being a Paris lover I will always have some suggestions to give you across the different arrondissement. The apartment sits on the Montmartre hill, a short walk away from Sacre Coeur. You c
32821	L'appartement est très atypique, peu de cloisons, beaucoup de lumière, déco soignée au style scandinave, un silence rare pour Paris parce que sous les toits. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes pour dormir mais l'idéal est 4 personnes, pour une famille avec 2 enfants par exemple. Dans la grande pièce principale: le salon/cuisine américaine avec un lit futon 2 places, une chambre d'enfant avec un lit 1 place et une autre petite chambre (sans porte) avec un canapé-lit 1/2 places, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, des toilettes séparées. La décoration est soignée, vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire (WIFI haut débit, table à repasser, home cinéma, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, machine à café, micro-onde etc. L'appartement ne ressemble à aucun autre et y vivre est agréable, l'impression d'être dans un petit nid sous les toits à l'abri de l'agitation citadine.	Atypical, bright, quiet apartment on the 4th floor, under the roof. Main room/kitchen/living room (20m2) with double futon bed + 1 single separate bedroom + 1 open bedroom (no door) with sofa/bed (for 2),bathroom,toilets.                      
32822	A two room flat well-situated in a popular area. Lots of bars, restaurant and shops around that will satisfy any kind of envy. Very easy access to the center by subway and buses. Clean, tidy and charming flat where you will feel at home !  This lovely flat will give you very easy access to the center of Paris with 2 subway lines (4 and 12) very close but also more than 5 buses. Also, it is situated 10 minutes from Montmartre. It is a two-room flat so if your partner wants to sleep but you want to read or watch T.V you can just close the door and do whatever you want. The bed is very comfy and the two rooms quite big. You will have full access to every part of the home.  A big wardrobe will be at your disposal to let you feel at home. You can call me any time during your time if you have any questions or if you want any good spots to have dinner, have a drink or go out. A very typical neighborhood with a commercial street called rue du Poteau where you can find very good food for cheap 	A two room flat well-situated in a popular area. Lots of bars, restaurant and shops around that will satisfy any kind of envy. Very easy access to the center by subway and buses. Clean, tidy and charming flat where you will feel at home !  A two room flat well-situated in a popular area. Lots of bars, restaurant and shops around that will satisfy any kind of envy. Very easy access to the center by subway and buses. Clean, tidy and charming flat where you will feel at home !  This lovely flat will give you very easy access to the center of Paris with 2 subway lines (4 and 12) very close but also more than 5 buses. Also, it is situated 10 minutes from Montmartre. It is a two-room flat so if your partner wants to sleep but you want to read or watch T.V you can just close the door and do whatever you want. The bed is very comfy and the two rooms quite big. You will have full access to every part of the home.  A big wardrobe will be at your disposal to let you feel at home. You can call me 
32823	Certes, il ne s'agit pas d'un grand loft d'artiste, mais ce chouette petit appartement est parfait pour un couple qui souhaite profiter de Paris. Les trois grandes fenêtres donnent sur un immense jardin très calme (parfait pour le dodo) et accessible. N'hésitez donc pas à aller lézarder au soleil :) La cuisine est idéale pour préparer des bons petits plats, mais nous n'avons pas de lave-vaisselle.  Vous dormirez dans un canapé-lit haut de gamme et très confortable. Nous y dormons à poings-fermés nous-même depuis 3 ans. 	Bienvenue dans notre joli petit appartement ! Situé tout en haut de Montmartre, vous y trouverez une chambre/ salon et une cuisine toute équipée qui donnent sur un grand jardin calme et accessible. Mention spéciale pour la vue sur le Sacré Coeur ! Certes, il ne s'agit pas d'un grand loft d'artiste, mais ce chouette petit appartement est parfait pour un couple qui souhaite profiter de Paris. Les trois grandes fenêtres donnent sur un immense jardin très calme (parfait pour le dodo) et accessible. N'hésitez donc pas à aller lézarder au soleil :) La cuisine est idéale pour préparer des bons petits plats, mais nous n'avons pas de lave-vaisselle.  Vous dormirez dans un canapé-lit haut de gamme et très confortable. Nous y dormons à poings-fermés nous-même depuis 3 ans. L'appartement se situe dans une superbe résidence, avec gardien et digicode.  Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement ainsi qu'au jardin. Nous serons joignable par téléphone tout au long de votre séjour. En cas de gros souci, les
32824		Rez de chaussée sur cours, 2p 28 m2  une salle d'eau, cuisine,internet mais pas de télé! ouf ! ; calme ; près de Montmartre; proche transport et commerce.  ideal pour visiter Paris à petit prix. ideal couple. capacité de couchage max 4 personnes.
32825	2 steps away from the Guy Môquet metro station and the many close shops, the apartment is located on the first floor of a high-quality building, directly accessible with the elevator. Located at the corner of the building, it provides a double exposure.  This one-bedroom apartment provides comfort for 4 people. Around the small entrance you will find the living room with an American kitchen, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a corner office, as well as a separate bedroom with a 160 cm double bed and a cozy shower room. The toilets are separate. The apartment was tastefully decorated and the equipment is very functional. Everything was carefully taken care of so that you can feel at home.	You will easily feel at home in this large 57 square meters apartment with a warm atmosphere. Carefully decorated and functional, this apartment offers several rooms thus providing space and privacy to each of its 4 hosts. 2 steps away from the Guy Môquet metro station and the many close shops, the apartment is located on the first floor of a high-quality building, directly accessible with the elevator. Located at the corner of the building, it provides a double exposure.  This one-bedroom apartment provides comfort for 4 people. Around the small entrance you will find the living room with an American kitchen, a 140 cm convertible sofa and a corner office, as well as a separate bedroom with a 160 cm double bed and a cozy shower room. The toilets are separate. The apartment was tastefully decorated and the equipment is very functional. Everything was carefully taken care of so that you can feel at home. Ancient hamlet in the outskirts of Paris, Batignolles is now a bohemian and peaceful
32826	Un petit espace au calme dans la jolie ville de Paris !	Idéalement situé, à 3 minutes de le station de métro Marx Dormoy(M12) et à moins de 10minutes de trois autres lignes (M2-5-7). Je propose mon logement d'environ 20m2 bien agencé avec chambre séparée, cuisine, sdb avec wc et terrasse sur coursive. Un petit espace au calme dans la jolie ville de Paris ! A tout l'appartement connecté wifi, et la terrasse. Accueil et conseil si besoin! Un quartier populaire et animé, mais appartement dans une copropriété calme et arborée. A pieds,  -3minutes de la station Marx Dormoy (M12) -10minutes des lignes M2-M5-M7 -15minutes de la gare du nord
32827	"""We built this house in 2006, in a heart block, quiet, around a patio The former architecture studio on the ground floor has regained its original function. An independent studio, open to the courtyard. the rubble wall, concrete headboard, sage, olive outside give it an authentic charm, enhanced by a very fifties design selection. """	"We're very happy to share our lovely house! Studio and bathroom are indepedants. Clean lines, raw materials, chosen design in a nice neighbourhood! Montmartre, Galeries Lafayette, Concorde-Champs Elysée and rive gauche are at 15-25mn via métro (12). ""We built this house in 2006, in a heart block, quiet, around a patio The former architecture studio on the ground floor has regained its original function. An independent studio, open to the courtyard. the rubble wall, concrete headboard, sage, olive outside give it an authentic charm, enhanced by a very fifties design selection. "" The entrance from the courtyard of the building is common to both units. The studio has a bathroom, a kitchenette and a small office. The bay window gives access to the patio. We are present next door, available and ... discrete. We do speak bad English, three words of spanish, and an bite of german. ""c'est un quartier toujours vivant, les gens viennent de partout, Barbes et Montmartre ne sont pas loin, le stade"
32828	Forget a five-star hotel, weekend in the city of Light can be just as romantic in your own apartment! If your dream of an Amélie Paris just for two or even for four, then this is the place!  It's a studio with a kitchen in the corner, a big bed in a separate bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Separate bathroom and separate WC. The apartment Sleeps up to 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 sofa bed). It is situated in the first floor (by the stairs, no lift)meaning that you have to go up 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor.  The apartment is very well connected to the public transportation network. Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses/ Pigalle (L12), Place Clichy (L13) Secured building with digicode Property all equipped: TV, DVD, WiFi, Microwave, full equipped Kitchenette, Refrigerator, towels, linen etc. Sleeping : - A double bed in the bedroom: 140cm x 200cm, - A convertible couch in the living room: 140cm x 200cm. The apartment is situated few steps from Sacré Coeur in front of the former a	In the exciting Montmartre district you will find a peaceful nest to discover the vibrant City of Light. Caroline and Federico will give you all the insights to discover the trendiest spots, the new gastro bistrots and the spots to be! Come visit us! Forget a five-star hotel, weekend in the city of Light can be just as romantic in your own apartment! If your dream of an Amélie Paris just for two or even for four, then this is the place!  It's a studio with a kitchen in the corner, a big bed in a separate bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Separate bathroom and separate WC. The apartment Sleeps up to 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 sofa bed). It is situated in the first floor (by the stairs, no lift)meaning that you have to go up 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor.  The apartment is very well connected to the public transportation network. Subway: Blanche (L2), Abbesses/ Pigalle (L12), Place Clichy (L13) Secured building with digicode Property all equipped: TV, DVD, WiFi, Microwave, 
32829		Studio de 25m2 moderne et cosy dans une rue calme avec cuisine équipée séparée. Peut loger deux personnes (canapé rapido avec vrai matelas très confortable). A 10 min de la butte Montmartre et a 100 m des Métro Jules Joffrin et Simplon. Central, idéal pour un séjour dans la capitale! Metro ligne 12 : arrêt Jules Joffrin (10 min de la gare St Lazare)  Metro ligne 4 : arrêt Simplon (5 min de Gare du Nord et 10 min de Chatelet)
32830		55m² appartment where you'll have a nice bedroom with king size bed. Very luminous bathroom and useful kitchen ! Appartment spacious at the third floor. We also have 2 other rooms with convertible beds
32831	This is a modern, fully equipped appartment of 560 sq feet (56 sq meters). One bedroom with double bed ( the mattress is new!), one living room that can be split with office/coach/tv/hifi/table for 6, a bathroom with a bath, separated toilets and a kitchen full-equipped. The building is very secure and very quiet.	Very cool appartement located in a recently renovated district of Paris, La Chapelle. You will love the shared garden to do a barbecue,
32832	"The ideal place to visit Paris. This flat is very typical of Montmartre flats since it is located in ""the maquis"". The studio is very quiet and cosy , the Sacré coeur is 5 minute walk from the appartment. "	"The ideal place to visit Paris. This flat is very typical of Montmartre flats since it is located in ""the maquis"". The studio is very quiet and cosy , the Sacré coeur is 5 minute walk from the appartment.  The ideal place to visit Paris. This flat is very typical of Montmartre flats since it is located in ""the maquis"". The studio is very quiet and cosy , the Sacré coeur is 5 minute walk from the appartment. "
32833		L'avantage de cet appartement est sa localisation très proche des transports en commun, dans un lieu calme ne donnant pas sur la rue. Possibilité d'utiliser la salle de bain, ainsi que la cuisine.
32834	En plein coeur du 18e arrondissement, à deux pas de Montmartre et du quartier animé de la mairie, nous louons un charmant deux pièces de 30m2, aménagé par une architecte d'intérieure et rénové récemment. Il se trouve au premier étage d'un bel immeuble ancien de 6 étages  donnant sur rue, mais au calme (double vitrage)  et se compose : - d'une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur combiné avec congélateur, four,  micro onde, plaque de cuisson 4 feux et lave linge sèche linge)  - d'un salon avec parquet et meublé d'un canapé; table basse et table à manger - d'une salle de bain avec wc séparé - d'une chambre avec lit double et dressing intégré. Un pied à terre idéal pour un séjour parisien, l'appartement se trouve à 15 minutes en métro du centre de Paris  et de ses principaux musées et monuments. Le sacré coeur est accessible à pied et la balade jusqu'à montmartre permet de découvrir un des quartiers typiquement parisiens hors des sentiers battus. l'appartement est également 	En plein coeur du 18e arrondissement, à deux pas de Montmartre et du quartier animé des abbesses, nous louons un charmant deux pièces de 30m2, rénové récemment.Location idéale pour un séjour à 2 à Paris En plein coeur du 18e arrondissement, à deux pas de Montmartre et du quartier animé de la mairie, nous louons un charmant deux pièces de 30m2, aménagé par une architecte d'intérieure et rénové récemment. Il se trouve au premier étage d'un bel immeuble ancien de 6 étages  donnant sur rue, mais au calme (double vitrage)  et se compose : - d'une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur combiné avec congélateur, four,  micro onde, plaque de cuisson 4 feux et lave linge sèche linge)  - d'un salon avec parquet et meublé d'un canapé; table basse et table à manger - d'une salle de bain avec wc séparé - d'une chambre avec lit double et dressing intégré. Un pied à terre idéal pour un séjour parisien, l'appartement se trouve à 15 minutes en métro du centre de Paris  et de ses principaux 
32835	It is a very charming studio (355ft² / 33m²), clean, very sunny and quiet. You will enjoy a private balcony with a table and chairs and a couch. You have an extra sofa bed for 2 pers if you want to use it. The studio is on the 2nd and top floor.  The flat is perfect for a short stay - whether here visiting Paris, or friends, wifi and clean sheets & towels are included. The apartment is located at 1 min walks from la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur in the very heart of Montmartre hill. You will be 15 min walks from le Moulin Rouge. You will be at 2 minutes away from station Abbesses (line 2 and 12), and 5 min walks to the subway station Pigalle and Anvers (line 2). The apartment is located at 5-15 minutes walking distance from Place de Pigalle, Opéra de Paris, Gare Saint Lazare, Les galeries LaFayettes, Moulin Rouge, etc.. You will be able to easily access to all the monument sites in less than 30min. The neighborhood is well known to be very lively with all possible shops, as well as many res	It is a very charming loft, clean, very sunny and quiet. You will enjoy a private balcony with a table and chairs and a couch. The apartment is located at 1 min walks from la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur in the very heart of Montmartre hill. It is a very charming studio (355ft² / 33m²), clean, very sunny and quiet. You will enjoy a private balcony with a table and chairs and a couch. You have an extra sofa bed for 2 pers if you want to use it. The studio is on the 2nd and top floor.  The flat is perfect for a short stay - whether here visiting Paris, or friends, wifi and clean sheets & towels are included. The apartment is located at 1 min walks from la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur in the very heart of Montmartre hill. You will be 15 min walks from le Moulin Rouge. You will be at 2 minutes away from station Abbesses (line 2 and 12), and 5 min walks to the subway station Pigalle and Anvers (line 2). The apartment is located at 5-15 minutes walking distance from Place de Pigalle, Opéra de Paris,
32836	Simple et cosi, notre appartement sera un havre de paix pour ceux qui veulent vivre la vie Parisienne. 	A 30 mètres du métro, ce studio est idéalement placé pour profiter de la vie d'un quartier Parisien (services ouverts toute la nuit), visiter Paris (30 mètres de la ligne 4 - Barbès- Les Halles - Chatelet - Cité- Saint Michel - Odéon- Montparnasse) Simple et cosi, notre appartement sera un havre de paix pour ceux qui veulent vivre la vie Parisienne. Nous recevons les voyageurs à partir de 18h et nous pouvons selon leur envie leur proposer un repas typiquement Français ou un petit déjeuner à la Française.
32837	Confortable et convivial, ce logement est très appréciable pour sa pièce principale spacieuse et le quartier environnant.	Belle chambre spacieuse aux poutres apparentes dans un quartier vivant très proche du Sacré-Cœur (tous types de commerces et de restaurants) et calme la nuit. À une minute du métro Jules Joffrin (12) et 5 minutes de Marcadet-Poissoniers (4). Confortable et convivial, ce logement est très appréciable pour sa pièce principale spacieuse et le quartier environnant. Les voyageurs ont accès à internet, une salle de bain (baignoire) avec machine à laver, ainsi qu'à la cuisine (four, plaques, rice-cooker, grille pain, presse-agrumes, mixeur...). Draps et serviettes propres sont fournis. Un des deux occupants de l'appartement sera présent pour l'accueil des voyageurs, les renseigner et les conseiller. Ce quartier calme propose tous les commerces de nécessité à quelques pas seulement et est proches de nombreux marchés d'intérêt. Il compte également de nombreux bistrots et restaurants typiquement parisiens. Métro 4 et 12 Nombreux bus Bus de nuit
32838	For 2 people : a bedroom with one large bed. 	Lovely flat with one large living room & a separated bedroom, in the 6th floor (with elevator) in a lively & nice part of Paris. For 2 people : a bedroom with one large bed.  Wifi Kitchen & cooking tools I ll be glad to welcome my guests and help them with facilities  Nice neighboorhood where you can have many bars / restaurants  / shops. Montmartre is very close but you can go elsewhere in Paris easyly  In subway : 12 (Lamarck Caulaincourt) or 13 (Guy Moquet) By bus : 80 (Damrémont Caulaincourt) or 95 (Place Jacques Froment)
32839	Our flat has just been renovated, you will have access to the whole place, including one master bedroom with a double bed, a child room with a child bed, a large and bright living room with a sofa bed for two people, a nice bathroom with kingsize bath and a well equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster and everything you need to cook.	This flat has just been renovated, and can welcome until 5 person, one master bedroom with a double bed Our flat has just been renovated, you will have access to the whole place, including one master bedroom with a double bed, a child room with a child bed, a large and bright living room with a sofa bed for two people, a nice bathroom with kingsize bath and a well equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, coffee machine, toaster and everything you need to cook. you will have the whole place for you, toys and games are available for your children We will be able to give you recommendations for restaurants and shops around, very animated area, all shops, cafes and restaurants within 5 minutes, 2 minutes from the metro La Chapelle, less than 5 minutes walking from Gare du Nord, Easy access to anywhere in Paris, 15 minutes To Châtelet, Notre Dame, 20 minutes to Eiffel Tower Metro Ligne 2 La Chapelle Gare du Nord  3 minutes Gare de l'Est  15 minutes Bus 35, 64
32840	Charming apartment between Montmartre and the famous antiques Market, both sets of countless movie scenes.  A 10 to 15 mns walk will take you to either of these locations.  And the metro downstairs goes through the heart of Paris. Charming apartment between Montmartre and the famous antiques Market, both sets of countless movie scenes.  A 10 to 15 mns walk will take you to either of these locations.  And the metro downstairs goes through the heart of Paris. Charming apartment between Montmartre and the famous antiques Market, both sets of countless movie scenes.  A 10 to 15 mns walk will take you to either of these locations.  And the metro downstairs goes through the heart of Paris. Charming apartment between Montmartre and the famous antiques Market, both sets of countless movie scenes.  A 10 to 15 mns walk will take you to either of these locations.  And the metro downstairs goes through the heart of Paris. There is an area a couple of streets away from the flat with delis, butchers	"Charming apartment between Montmartre and the famous antiques Market, both sets of countless movie scenes.  A 10 to 15 mns walk will take you to either of these locations.  And the metro downstairs goes through the heart of Paris. There is an area a couple of streets away from the flat with delis, butchers, bakers, grocers, fishmongers, etc.  You can go there in the morning and do your ""marché"" and then have a coffee and croissant on a terrace somewhere.    At weekends, you can also walk to the antiques market. It takes about 10mns to get there. You'll have to go through all the dodgy street vendors trying to sell you fake goods (like everybody else. My metro station is the only one that gets you close, then you have to walk!), but then you can wander through the little streets and look at some amazing stuff.  The designer Philippe Starck opened a restaurant called Ma Cocotte there last year. You can't book and it's usually very busy, but you can go there first and put your name on the"
32841	"Situé rue Doudeauville, cet appartement au 3ème étage est composé de 2 grandes chambres et d'un salon muni d'un canapé lit. Il pourra vous accueillir au coeur d'un quartier vivant et très bien desservi. à bientot! Discover the joys of ""la Goutte d'or!"" a lively and very well connected neighborhood. The apartment, located in Doudeauville Street, 3rd floor, consists of 2 large bedrooms, a living room with sofa bed, a kitchen and a little bathroom. See you soon!"	"Discover the joys of ""la Goutte d'Or""! This is a lively and very well connected neighborhood. The apartment, located in Doudeauville Street, 3rd floor, consists of 2 large bedrooms and a living room with sofa bed! Very lively and multicultural"
32842	"Unique because of the area, it is not just the amazing view on the roof tops of Paris and the Sacré Coeur but also the area nicknamed ""The Small Village"" and a unique start to visit  and to enjoy a real Parisian life. My flat : 4 persons can sleep, 2 pers in the bedroom and 2 in the sofa - 31 square meters -  pleasant and cosy decoration - 2 small balcons offering 2 amazing views.Floor 6 with elevator."	"   A cosy apartment located in the most beautiful and authentic area of Paris. Sacré Coeur 20 meters far. Incredible view on the Sacré Coeur from the bedroom and the living room.     Unique because of the area, it is not just the amazing view on the roof tops of Paris and the Sacré Coeur but also the area nicknamed ""The Small Village"" and a unique start to visit  and to enjoy a real Parisian life. My flat : 4 persons can sleep, 2 pers in the bedroom and 2 in the sofa - 31 square meters -  pleasant and cosy decoration - 2 small balcons offering 2 amazing views.Floor 6 with elevator. Sacré Coeur, bars , restaurants, artists area, shopping, Best bakeries of Paris (5 minutes walk)... I meet my guests in order to help and support them to live a perfect experience and memorable trip in Paris. I can advice them for restaurants, discos, bars, and visits as well Montmartre is an area with a strong historical DNA, there is so many hidden things to discover ...Let´s walk and loose yourself !  Fro"
32843	The best place to stay in Montmartre ! This very cosy and private 26m2 studio is perfect for two persons!  It was recently renovated and is located close to the heart of the famous Montmartre, with this apartment you can't be nearest the romantic Sacré Coeur !  It is also located in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur, full of café bar, bakers, french restaurants (and even the famous Moulin Rouge!). 	A cosy and charming studio located near the heart of Montmartre. Like having your own home in Paris ! The best place to stay in Montmartre ! This very cosy and private 26m2 studio is perfect for two persons!  It was recently renovated and is located close to the heart of the famous Montmartre, with this apartment you can't be nearest the romantic Sacré Coeur !  It is also located in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur, full of café bar, bakers, french restaurants (and even the famous Moulin Rouge!). The area is peaceful, safe , typically parisian and in the heart of Paris. Montmartre is a very famous area, very chic , with many great shops,many cabarets, theatres...  The street is very quiet , the studio too with  a big room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people ),  a Kitchen full equipped, a nice bathroom ( shower + toilets), a Washing Machine, Internet and TV. The metro Blanche is at only 2mn, a
32844	I will be happy to welcome you in this loft with terrace in the north of Paris. You will find an open kitchen with bar, A mezzanine with 1 big bed for two and an extra futon if you need to have a third person A nice terrace of 20 square meters, with full sunshine in the morning for your breakfast and in the late afternoon before dinner ! A private bathroom with spacious shower and toilets. Towels and sheets for beds are included The neighboorhood (Mairie du XVIIIème, Jules Joffrin) is full of markets and restaurants (world cuisine or french cuisine) and cafés. The famous Flee Market (Porte de clignancourt, Saint Ouen) is just 10 mn walk away the metro station is Marcadet-Poissonniers , juste 100 m away from the Loft, with two very convenient line (4 and 12) which will bring you to the center of Paris (Chatelet-Les Halles) in 10 minutes, to Saint-Germain in 20 minutes, or in the different railway station (gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse...) You will also have a lot of bus	I will be happy to welcome you in this loft with terrace in the north of Paris. You will find an open kitchen with bar, A mezzanine with 1 big bed for two and an extra futon if you need to have a third person A nice terrace of 20 square meters, with full sunshine in the morning for your breakfast and in the late afternoon before dinner ! A private bathroom with spacious shower and toilets. Towels and sheets for beds are included The neighboorhood (Mairie du XVIIIème, Jules Joffrin) is full of markets and restaurants (world cuisine or french cuisine) and cafés. The famous Flee Market (Porte de clignancourt, Saint Ouen) is just 10 mn walk away the metro station is Marcadet-Poissonniers , juste 100 m away from the Loft, with two very convenient line (4 and 12) which will bring you to the center of Paris (Chatelet-Les Halles) in 10 minutes, to Saint-Germain in 20 minutes, or in the different railway station (gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse...) You will also have a lot of bus
32845	"A typical parisian 1st floor apartment, ""haussmaninen style"",  and full of light. "	"Lovely 48m2 ""haussmanien style"" parisian full of light apartment in an also typical parisian district, just down the hill of Montmartre. We feel like living in a parisian village. All our buses and metro will take you easily all around Paris. A typical parisian 1st floor apartment, ""haussmaninen style"",  and full of light. You'll have access to all the apartment. We hope we can welcome you, otherwise you can reach us by mail or telephone. This is a typical parisian living area with all the food shops, outside markets and brasseries you may need or want. The outside markets take place in a street five minutes away, on the wednesday and saturday mornings, and you don't want to miss it! The famous flea market of Porte de St Ouen is just 5 minutes away by bus and Montmartre is accessible by the tiny special Montmartre bus, from Jules Joffrin. by Bus, just down the apartment :  Damrémont Ordener (31, 60, 95) by metro, 10 minutes to the apartment : Jules Joffrin (12) Guy Moquet (13) Simplon "
32846		Studio de 17m2 idéalement situé,à deux pas de la butte Montmartre. Très calme et clair. Complètement rénové en 2011, confortablement meublé pour 2 personnes, très fonctionnel. Il est au 2ème étage d’un bel immeuble montmartrois.
32847	Décoré, tout équipé ( four, frigo, congel, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, TV écran Plat, wifi fibre optique) et fonctionnel, balcon tout le long de l'appartement donnant sur les toits de Paris, à 2 min du métro, quartier vivant avec restaurants, bars, théâtres, commerces de proximité et marché couvert avec primeurs de qualité au pied de l'immeuble	Un charmant appartement parisien au 5emem étage composé d'un balcon avec vue dégagée sur le marché couvert, d'une chambre avec un confortable lit double, d'un salon équipé d'un futon 2 places et d'un écran plat et wifi, d'une cuisine toute équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire et Wc séparé. Décoré, tout équipé ( four, frigo, congel, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, TV écran Plat, wifi fibre optique) et fonctionnel, balcon tout le long de l'appartement donnant sur les toits de Paris, à 2 min du métro, quartier vivant avec restaurants, bars, théâtres, commerces de proximité et marché couvert avec primeurs de qualité au pied de l'immeuble Accès à tout l'appartement Accueil à l'arrivée, renseignements sur Paris et ses environs ville, les édifices et quartiers à visiter, sur les spectacles et les salles de concert à proximité, sur la nuit parisienne Son authenticité, enfin une vraie de vie quartier en plein Paris, ses commerces de proximité, la qualité des primeurs du marché couvert, la convivia
32848	L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon avec une cuisine américaine, deux chambres et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. L'appartement est a 10 minutes a pieds du Sacré coeur, du cinéma Louxor et du theatre les Bouffe du Nord. 	Appartement de 50m2 avec deux chambres. Quinze minutes à pieds du Sacré Coeur et du canal de l'Ourcq. Métro à 5mn à pied : ligne 2  La Chapelle ou Barbes Rochechouart et ligne 4 Château rouge. Le cinéma le Louxor et le théâtre Bouffe Du Nord sont à deux pas. Le quartier est populaire, multiculturel et familial. On peux y manger des spécialités Indienne à la chapelle, Africaine rue Mhyra, Italienne à la Bella donna ou bien manger à la maison ou la cuisine est toute équipé (four, lave vaiselle...) L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon avec une cuisine américaine, deux chambres et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. L'appartement est a 10 minutes a pieds du Sacré coeur, du cinéma Louxor et du theatre les Bouffe du Nord. a proximité des transports ligne 2 et ligne 4.
32849		"Nice apartment next to Montmartre. Living room with a kitchen ideal to cook and a cosy bedroom with a bathroom. Also, there is a convertible sofa. 2min to metro ""Marx Dormoy"". "
32850	I propose my apartment of a surface of 60 m2 which consists of a big living space opened on the kitchen and a WC. On the Mezzanine (1,60 m height) there is a sleeping space with a real double bed, on the floor below a small bedroom with a double bed, and a separate bathroom with a shower and a second WC. The apartment is situated on the fourth floor without elevator. The apartment can welcome 4 people ( two real double beds). It has a complete equipment:TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwave, classic oven and steam oven, table, 4 chairs, Toaster, kettle, hair dryer. No need to take your computer in your suitcase! (With fixed 30-€ supplement the week to be indicated in your request of reservation). Hand towels and linen of bed supplied.This duplex is located in the district of Montmartre, the métro station is Abbesses, it possesses an exceptional view on all Paris and its monuments as well as a partial view on the Sacré Coeur. The district is known for its bohemian charm, its numerous ca	"Duplex / loft with astonishing view on the Parisian monuments. Perfect spot for a Marriage proposal... Typically from Montmartre this apartment overhangs the ""Bateau Lavoir"" where Picasso, Max Jacob, Gaugin, Modigliani stayed. I propose my apartment of a surface of 60 m2 which consists of a big living space opened on the kitchen and a WC. On the Mezzanine (1,60 m height) there is a sleeping space with a real double bed, on the floor below a small bedroom with a double bed, and a separate bathroom with a shower and a second WC. The apartment is situated on the fourth floor without elevator. The apartment can welcome 4 people ( two real double beds). It has a complete equipment:TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwave, classic oven and steam oven, table, 4 chairs, Toaster, kettle, hair dryer. No need to take your computer in your suitcase! (With fixed 30-€ supplement the week to be indicated in your request of reservation). Hand towels and linen of bed supplied.This duplex is located in the"
32851	Charming appartment Here is onee special appartment; it is not an empty flat, but rather a vivid one with instruments, DVDs, photos, paintings... With - one living room/kitchen/dining room - one sleeping room with a futon - one bathroom with a bathtub There is a convertible couch, and one spare mattress. So you can be up to 5 people (a little tighter :-) sleeping here.  Just behing Gare du Nord, very convinient! Subway stations: Gare du Nord, La Chapelle or Barbès; many train, suburb train and Metro lines. In the Arab neighborhood, close to the Indian and African neighborhoods, very vivid!	Our cool and comfortable one bedroom apartment  is centrally located, right next to Gare du Nord. Enjoy a wooden flat, hand made, and easy access to all major subway lines!  Charming appartment Here is onee special appartment; it is not an empty flat, but rather a vivid one with instruments, DVDs, photos, paintings... With - one living room/kitchen/dining room - one sleeping room with a futon - one bathroom with a bathtub There is a convertible couch, and one spare mattress. So you can be up to 5 people (a little tighter :-) sleeping here.  Just behing Gare du Nord, very convinient! Subway stations: Gare du Nord, La Chapelle or Barbès; many train, suburb train and Metro lines. In the Arab neighborhood, close to the Indian and African neighborhoods, very vivid! All of the apartment! Bathroom, two rooms, kitchen/living room/dining room. 95% of the time I am not present. Close to three metro Station, Gare du Nord (national and International trains), five metro lines, ten bus lines...
32852		Situé à Paris 18 (Métro Porte de Saint Ouen). Appartement entièrement meublé, équipé et rénové tout récemment. Il est composé d'un hall d'entrée d'une vraie cuisine, d'une salle d'eau avec douche et WC et d'une pièce à vivre avec TV et canapé-lit.
32853		27m2 studio with separated bed and convertible sof. Full equipped, with microwawe and wifi. Ideal for short term stays.
32854	52M2 - 2 pièces avec un balcon filant sur le salon et la chambre à coucher. Ambiance romantique dans la chambre avec un lit à Baldaquin - ambiance épurée et moderne pour le salon - toutes commodités (cuisine équipée - tv - internet...)  le balcon pour profiter de l'extérieur une chambre unique dans un esprit romantique, avec voilage blanc en baldaquin, il y a des guides de Paris, des plans, de la documentation pour le touriste. Plein de cartes de restaurants du quartier  C'est à 2 pas de la place Pigalle  il y a le métro et aussi des Bus le 30, 54, 74 qui partent dans toutes les directions de Paris  	52 square meters - one very nice bed room - romantic atmosphere with a Baldaquin bed - completely new painted 2014 - very design and modern in the living room with out being to cold!!  - Kitchen - TV - Internet 
32855	Le logement est fonctionnel par son agencement: cuisine et salle de bain ouvertes, lit en mezzanine.	Studio atypique situé à 10 minutes du Sacré-Coeur dans un quartier cosmopolite, populaire et animé. Il sera le pied à terre idéal pour visiter Paris grâce au nombreux accès aux transports. Le logement est fonctionnel par son agencement: cuisine et salle de bain ouvertes, lit en mezzanine. Métro à 2 minutes à pied. Accès aux monuments de Paris. La vie du quartier est riche et animée. Il sera possible d'échanger en fonction du moment de votre venue.  Pour toutes les informations pratiques, je reste joignable et je mets à disposition un porte-documents avec bon nombre d'informations utiles. Le quartier est animé, cosmopolite. On peut accéder à beaucoup de commerces, restaurants et cafés en peu de temps et à toutes heures. - lignes 4 et 12 du métro, station Marcadet-Poissonniers 
32856	1 semaine complète minimum est souhaitée	1 semaine complète minimum est souhaitée
32857	"The apartment has a nice and luminous bedroom with a large bed, which has its private bathroom. The living-room is cosy and tastefully decorated. There is a fully equipped kitchen where you will enjoy cooking French meals.  Finally, the appartment is brand new and quiet and all commodities (groceries, café, bakery) can be found 20 meters around).  It is ideally located in Montmartre and 50 meters from the subway station that will enable you to easily reach every area in Paris. We are both fluent in english and also enjoy travelling, so it will be our pleasure to welcome you and give you tips and advice about our city. Nice restaurants (for diner and brunch), all kind of shops including wine and food, pubs, cafés and the ""Butte de Montmartre"". Subway line 12, Lamarck-Caulaincourt Station. Day and night bus."	 Welcome to our  cosy appartment!.   
32858	Grand studio dont une grande pièce à vivre (séjour/chambre), une cuisine équipée (frigo, plaques électriques, four), salle de bain et WC séparés. Le studio est constitué au sol de parquet et de carrelage. 2 grandes fenêtres illuminent le séjour.  L'appartement est calme et silencieux puisse qu'il est en fond de cour. 	This flat has a living room with a kitchen. It is perfectly located in Quartier des Batignolles and 600m from Moulin-Rouge and Montmartre.This location is ideal if you want enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle. You are not far from Galerie Lafayette.
32859	the apartment is roomy, completely renove and  very well equipped , it makes it possible to take its meals on the balcony, with the sun and the calm ; if not, on the dining-room table which will accommodate you with pleasure. Possibility of nibbling or drinking a glass comfortably installed in your private loggia.	I rent a beautiful and spacious  room-studio in my flat of 80 m2, on the 6th floor of a luxury condominium, in a charming and quiet lively Montmartre. The room is equipped with a snack and office space as well as a private bathroom. The spacious kitc the apartment is roomy, completely renove and  very well equipped , it makes it possible to take its meals on the balcony, with the sun and the calm ; if not, on the dining-room table which will accommodate you with pleasure. Possibility of nibbling or drinking a glass comfortably installed in your private loggia. Your room/studio is composed of a loggia equipped with a mini-fridge, microwaves, kettle, and of a nespresso as well as a small table and two comfortable armchairs. You will have however access to the kitchen, dining room and balcony of the apartment. A shower and wash-hand basin, private, also found their niche beside the large wall cupboard of your room. I speak several languages and will have pleasure to guide you or share the
32860	Joli Studio au 7ème étage situé au coeur de Montmartre à 50 mètres du Métro Simplon/Marcadet-Poissonniers. Situé dans le quartier historique du Montmartre, toutes commodités sont à proximité.  Canapé lit convertible (2 personnes), rangements, internet. Salle de bain avec douche et machine à laver le linge. Cuisine avec frigo et plaques chauffantes.  Dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle, cet appartement est atypique et très agréable à vivre.  Quartier très animé, commerces et bars à proximité.	Charming 7th floor studio situated in the historic Montmartre district (50 meters from the subway st). Bed for two persons, arrangements, internet, washing machine.  In a 19th century building, this charming apartment is atypical and very pleasant to live. The area is especially agreeable for tourism.
32861	Welcome to this unique and tropical vintage design flat. The apartment has a large living room with a dining area and a chill out area, a very quiet bedroom facing the inner vegetal courtyard with a queen size bed and egyptian cotton linen, a stylish bathroom (towels and hair dryer inclusive) and a full equiped kitchen (fridge-freezer, dishwasher, microwave with oven function, toaster, kettle, nice dishes and a dozen of different gourmet tea for your breakfast).  You can put your own music on our Bluetooth speaker, play piano, choose exactly your lighting atmosphere thanks to our light dimmer and our Living Colors and wake up or go to sleep with the song of the sea thanks to our sunrise and sunset simulator. 	Tropical vintage flat 2 min walk to métro, 5 min walk to Montmartre, a Chesterfield, a big bed with egyptian cotton linen in a quiet bedroom facing a sunny vegetal courtyard, old wooden floors, nice moulding and fun light fixtures. Welcome to this unique and tropical vintage design flat. The apartment has a large living room with a dining area and a chill out area, a very quiet bedroom facing the inner vegetal courtyard with a queen size bed and egyptian cotton linen, a stylish bathroom (towels and hair dryer inclusive) and a full equiped kitchen (fridge-freezer, dishwasher, microwave with oven function, toaster, kettle, nice dishes and a dozen of different gourmet tea for your breakfast).  You can put your own music on our Bluetooth speaker, play piano, choose exactly your lighting atmosphere thanks to our light dimmer and our Living Colors and wake up or go to sleep with the song of the sea thanks to our sunrise and sunset simulator.  The entire flat is for you.  Don't hesitate to as
32862	Ideally situated for exploring Montmartre (10 min walk) and Paris (metro lines 2, 4 and 12), our apartment is located in a Haussmann building, typically Parisian.  At the 4th floor, this 70 m² flat is very bright and completely renovated. There are 1 comfortable bedroom with a bed of 160 x 200 cm.  The living room of 35 m² consists of a lounge (TV, HiFi, Internet Wifi, Xbox One, Wii) and a dining room.  The kitchen has a oven and a microwave, electric hob, coffee maker and kettle and a washer dryer. Perfect for cooking !  Finally, the apartment has a bathroom with bath / shower and separate toilet.	Welcome to Paris! We are happy to host you in our bright and spacious apartment located in the Montmartre neighborhood. Enjoy your stay ! Ideally situated for exploring Montmartre (10 min walk) and Paris (metro lines 2, 4 and 12), our apartment is located in a Haussmann building, typically Parisian.  At the 4th floor, this 70 m² flat is very bright and completely renovated. There are 1 comfortable bedroom with a bed of 160 x 200 cm.  The living room of 35 m² consists of a lounge (TV, HiFi, Internet Wifi, Xbox One, Wii) and a dining room.  The kitchen has a oven and a microwave, electric hob, coffee maker and kettle and a washer dryer. Perfect for cooking !  Finally, the apartment has a bathroom with bath / shower and separate toilet. We are delighted to welcome our guests as they arrive to give some advice or information. When leaving, it is possible to remove the key in our mailbox. Montmartre is one of the most famous and romantic neighborhoods of Paris. Our apartment is just 10 minu
32863	I live in a 43 m² flat in the 18th district of Paris. It's big advantage : a wonderful view over Paris (mostly Sacred Heart and Eiffel Tower) because it's on the 20th floor. A balcony of 11m² allow to enjoy the view even better.	Share a flat with me but most of all share a beautiful view of Montmartre, Eiffel Tower, La Défense... Can you imagine drink champagne (not provided) on the balcony and the wonderful pictures you could do ?! I live in a 43 m² flat in the 18th district of Paris. It's big advantage : a wonderful view over Paris (mostly Sacred Heart and Eiffel Tower) because it's on the 20th floor. A balcony of 11m² allow to enjoy the view even better. My flat has only one bedroom (be careful the bed is small only 1.2 meters of wide and the bedroom is not really spacious so you can't have lots of luggages). I will give it to you for more privacy and comfort and I sleep in the living room. We share the bath room (I provide towels) and the kitchen. I work early so you will enjoy the flat for you only. You could use my dishes, put your food into the fridge and use the oven and the hot plate to cook. There is no cleaning fee so you have to clean after use. You can take your meals into the kitchen or living ro
32864	Grand appartement familial au coeur du 18e, au calme dans un immeuble avec ascenseur. Grande voyageuse, j'ai ramené des objets de mes voyages aux 4 coins de la terre....un vrai dépaysement! Nous adorons également chiner des objets sur les marchés aux puces et brocante.	Jolie chambre avec accès sur terrasse (en mosaïque), salle de bain et WC privatifs, dans grand appartement au coeur du 18e. Possibilité parking gardé dans la même rue et utilisation de la cuisine pour le petit déjeuner.             Grand appartement familial au coeur du 18e, au calme dans un immeuble avec ascenseur. Grande voyageuse, j'ai ramené des objets de mes voyages aux 4 coins de la terre....un vrai dépaysement! Nous adorons également chiner des objets sur les marchés aux puces et brocante. cuisine pour le petit déjeuner, salle d'eau ou salle de bain et WC privatif pour les hôtes. Nous parlons le Français, wir sprechen auch Deutsch, we also speak English, si parla un po 'italiano. Quartier Marché aux Puces et Montmartre, lignes de métro directes de la gare de l'Est, de la gare du Nord ou encore de la gare Saint Lazare. Pour ceux qui travaillent à St Denis ou à Saint Ouen, il y a des bus et Métro directs depuis notre quartier. Métro ligne 12 et 4. Bus 56, 31 et 60 Appartement très
32865	Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, notre appartement de caractère donne sur une rue calme et commerçante.  Il se situe à 10 minutes à pied de la Butte Montmartre et à 5 minutes du Marché des Puces de Clignancourt.  Le salon de notre appartement a beaucoup de charme: parquet, moulures, cheminée, grande baie vitrée et balconnet en fer forgé. Le grand canapé Chesterfield est extrêmement confortable avec ses coussins chaleureux. Nous n'avons pas de télévision mais vous trouverez de nombreux livres, magazines et dvd pour votre ordinateur.  La cuisine, séparée, est grande et agréable. Vous trouverez tout le nécessaire: gazinière et four, réfrigérateur, lave linge, machines à café, grille-pain, blender... Vous pourrez prendre vos repas dans cette pièce si vous le souhaitez. La chambre, d'environ 12 mètres carrés, se compose d'un lit deux personnes (160x200), les draps et serviettes de toilettes propres seront fournis. Il y a une commode pour ranger vos affaires.  La salle de bain est p	Au pied de la butte Montmartre, notre appartement de 45 mètres carrés se situe dans un immeuble ancien. Il est très calme, clair, agréable et confortable. C'est notre maison familiale, nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir! Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, notre appartement de caractère donne sur une rue calme et commerçante.  Il se situe à 10 minutes à pied de la Butte Montmartre et à 5 minutes du Marché des Puces de Clignancourt.  Le salon de notre appartement a beaucoup de charme: parquet, moulures, cheminée, grande baie vitrée et balconnet en fer forgé. Le grand canapé Chesterfield est extrêmement confortable avec ses coussins chaleureux. Nous n'avons pas de télévision mais vous trouverez de nombreux livres, magazines et dvd pour votre ordinateur.  La cuisine, séparée, est grande et agréable. Vous trouverez tout le nécessaire: gazinière et four, réfrigérateur, lave linge, machines à café, grille-pain, blender... Vous pourrez prendre vos repas dans cette pièce si vous le sou
32866	Located in the 17th arrondissement, 1 minute walk from the metro station Guy Moquet. A quarter of an hour walk from Montmartre. 5th floor with elevator. A nice bedroom, with a real double bed, a large French window in the room, give access to a long balcony where there is a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast with a view of Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower (in the corner).  Two deckchairs are available for sunbathing. The living room with an Imac, flat screen and playstation. Bathroom with bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped. A washing machine, oven, fridge, Nespresso machine. The apartment is very nice, bright and sunny. Lively, bakeries, cheesemakers, butchers and all types of business available at the bottom of the building. Restaurants, caterers and small Parisian cafes. Guy Moquet station at the bottom of the building provides access to the direct line 13 towards Saint-Lazare (10 minutes), Champs-Elysées (15 minutes), Montparnasse (20 minutes). Also accessible by bus 	Spacious , charming room for two people . 2 windows and balcony  spinning Overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Sacred Heart, a sublime view. Access to kitchen, living room and bathroom. Lift, transportation access , shops and restaurants close by. Located in the 17th arrondissement, 1 minute walk from the metro station Guy Moquet. A quarter of an hour walk from Montmartre. 5th floor with elevator. A nice bedroom, with a real double bed, a large French window in the room, give access to a long balcony where there is a small table and two chairs to enjoy breakfast with a view of Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower (in the corner).  Two deckchairs are available for sunbathing. The living room with an Imac, flat screen and playstation. Bathroom with bathtub. The kitchen is fully equipped. A washing machine, oven, fridge, Nespresso machine. The apartment is very nice, bright and sunny. Lively, bakeries, cheesemakers, butchers and all types of business available at the bottom of the building. R
32867	he house is located between the lively neighborhood of Montmartre, the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge and the Batignolles. In Montmartre's hill many of the 18th century buildings are still intact, giving the neighborhood a history-charged feel. By contrast, the area is also known for its art scene and its trendsetting qualities. The nearest subway station is Guy Moquet - Line 13 (200 meters).  It's super easy to get to the house from the all Paris airports.  Private parking included.  CHECK IN / CHECK OUT:  flexible with check in and check out times   	Beautiful architect private house in Paris in 4 levels near to Montmartre. perfect for a stay for 2 to 5 people.  There is 180 meters square for you, and 2 terrace, 2 parkings, and firework!
32868	I am renting my 50m2 appartment.  Situated on the 9th floor (elevator and secured building), it's very luminous, there is large windows with a beautiful view on the Sacré-Coeur and parisian rooftops (and the sunset!). It's a fully equiped appartment, tastly furnished and decorated, with high speed wireless internet. SLEEPING :  Confortable queen-sized bed equiped with clean sheets. And if you are 3 or 4, I have an additional mattress for 2, with clean sheets too, than you can put on the floor, in the room or in the living room. 	Charming, spacious, bright apartment with a view of the sunset behind Montmartre, near the Sacré-Coeur. Very convenient location for shopping and subway, in a popular district.  I am renting my 50m2 appartment.  Situated on the 9th floor (elevator and secured building), it's very luminous, there is large windows with a beautiful view on the Sacré-Coeur and parisian rooftops (and the sunset!). It's a fully equiped appartment, tastly furnished and decorated, with high speed wireless internet. SLEEPING :  Confortable queen-sized bed equiped with clean sheets. And if you are 3 or 4, I have an additional mattress for 2, with clean sheets too, than you can put on the floor, in the room or in the living room. You home, it's my home! MY SWEET HOME : _Living room : a lounge : confortable 2 sofas and table ; a desk :  EQUIPED DESK (with computer, wifi, sono, etc.), huge library ; an eating place : table and chairs ; a place for yours affairs : a big cupboard. _ Open kitchen : FULLY-EQUIPED with 
32869		Spacious studio ideally situated in Montmartre, next to the stairs leading to Sacré Coeur.
32870	Des draps propres seront mis en place avant votre arrivée et des serviettes de bain seront à votre disposition.	"Full Flat of 20m2 under the roofs (6th floor, no lift) quiet and bright. Near Montmartre, ideally located between metro stations Jules Joffrin and Simplon. 15minutes from Châtelet, 20mn from Saint-Lazare, near shops, marketplaces, ... - Full HD TV 100cm - Refrigerator / Freezer - Multi-function Oven - Microwave - Kettle - Tassimo (Coffee, tea, ...) - Iron - Internet (Fiber Optic) I am available through mobile for all your questions, I'll try to quickly answer your queries. Between Paris ""bobo"" (bohemian style) and Paris 'popular', you will fall for this district, which is a mixture of cultures. For me this is the real Paris. Being mixed and live all together. Some streets have African flavors, other India, every street has a story, each building's a past, and you can go directly to Montmartre. The 18th District, how we like it! Less than 100 meters: - Metro Simplon line 4 - Vélib Within 300 meters: - Metro Jules Joffrin line 12 - Autolib Stations - Bus 31, Bus 56, Bus 60, Bus 80, Bus 8"
32871	This small apartment has been cleverly designed to accommodate 4 guests. Located in the heart of Montmartre, this is the perfect base to enjoy all the pleasures of Paris. It has been comfortably renovated and is situated on a quiet street in one the nicest areas of Paris.  Upon entering the flat, there is a short hallway to the right leading into the main living space. The space has been maximized to its full potential, consisting of a completely modern kitchen and connected bistro style dining area.  There is a sitting area, TV, and two light filled windows with a lovely view of the courtyard. A wall separates the living area from the bedroom, which has a true queen size bed and a wardrobe.  At the entrance, just to the left there is a bathroom with a shower. Practical and warm, this is an absolutely wonderful place despite its petite size.	In the heart of Montmartre, this pretty studio is well equipped and furnished for 4 people. Modern and bright, it is in a charming neighborhood with plentiful shopping and a metro stop close by. This small apartment has been cleverly designed to accommodate 4 guests. Located in the heart of Montmartre, this is the perfect base to enjoy all the pleasures of Paris. It has been comfortably renovated and is situated on a quiet street in one the nicest areas of Paris.  Upon entering the flat, there is a short hallway to the right leading into the main living space. The space has been maximized to its full potential, consisting of a completely modern kitchen and connected bistro style dining area.  There is a sitting area, TV, and two light filled windows with a lovely view of the courtyard. A wall separates the living area from the bedroom, which has a true queen size bed and a wardrobe.  At the entrance, just to the left there is a bathroom with a shower. Practical and warm, this is an abs
32872		A deux pas des vignes de Montmartre, et à quelques marches du Sacré coeur, charmant deux pièces, douillet, lumineux et confortable. Profitez de sa très grande pièce de vie, de sa cuisine américaine tout équipée et d'une chambre sur cour arborée. 
32873	Logement de 30m2 lumineux, très calme et chaleureux, dans quartier agréable et très bien desservi par les transports en communs. Ligne 4 du métro ou ligne 2 proche Gare du Nord avec trains RER ou SNCF.	Location appartement entier / 2 pièces / 30 m2 / Un lit simple dans le salon / Un lit double dans la chambre / bien pour 2 personnes / possible 3 : 44 euros / jour 300 euros / 7 jours 1200 euros / 30 jours Logement de 30m2 lumineux, très calme et chaleureux, dans quartier agréable et très bien desservi par les transports en communs. Ligne 4 du métro ou ligne 2 proche Gare du Nord avec trains RER ou SNCF. RER A M° 4 / 2 Conseils pour sortir. Les différentes boutiques, restaurants, bars, le cinéma le Louxor, le lieux d'art et Hammam l'Institut des Cultures de l'Islam. Métro ligne 2 ou 4. Arrêt station la Chappelle ligne 2 ou  Station Barbès ligne 4
32874	Rent a LARGE FLAT in Paris Montmartre  YOU rent it for our OWN private stay! LATE check-in/ EARLY check-out are possible and free 3rd floor with a LIFT, safe area 1br - 600ft² (55 mètres carrés) Rent a cozy flat with the french old-fashioned touch in a charming neighborhood at Paris Montmartre 1 large bedroom (bed 140cm x 190cm) 1 large living-room with a sofa-bed (bed 140cm x 190 cm) 1 extra bed for 1 or 2 (bed 120cm x 190cm) 1 kitchen with micro waves, coffee machine, hobs, toaster...  1 dining room with a large table for saving money sometimes (instead of spending 50$/lunch/person in paris restaurant), 1 bathroom with shower (towels included), hair dryer, toilets secured door, safe residence and area Can accomodate up to 6 people, Very spacious for 4 people Perfect for 5 adults Great for 4 adults and 1 or 2 kids (medium size extra bed to lay on the floor)  Included :  towels, sheets, internet wifi high speed, international TV channels  NON SMOKING PLACE No party or noise will be all	Rent a LARGE flat in Paris Montmartre where standards are tiny, RENT simple but BIG YOU rent it for our OWN private stay! LATE check-in/ EARLY check-out are possible and free Rent a LARGE FLAT in Paris Montmartre  YOU rent it for our OWN private stay! LATE check-in/ EARLY check-out are possible and free 3rd floor with a LIFT, safe area 1br - 600ft² (55 mètres carrés) Rent a cozy flat with the french old-fashioned touch in a charming neighborhood at Paris Montmartre 1 large bedroom (bed 140cm x 190cm) 1 large living-room with a sofa-bed (bed 140cm x 190 cm) 1 extra bed for 1 or 2 (bed 120cm x 190cm) 1 kitchen with micro waves, coffee machine, hobs, toaster...  1 dining room with a large table for saving money sometimes (instead of spending 50$/lunch/person in paris restaurant), 1 bathroom with shower (towels included), hair dryer, toilets secured door, safe residence and area Can accomodate up to 6 people, Very spacious for 4 people Perfect for 5 adults Great for 4 adults and 1 or 2 kid
32875	Adventurers of Paris, we will be pleased to welcome you in this spacious, modern and authentic loft under 2 years almost mythical Montmarte neighborhood. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure)  The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby,  you access to all the sights of paris with facilities of access and very rapidements as two metro stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to  Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'is Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare).You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc. .... Montmartre is a 20 minute walk. This spacious rooms of 50m ² is located near montmarte in the 18th arrondissement. The ground floor and mezzanine, this apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. It includes a mezzanine bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge, a coffee table, a dining table, chairs, a	Adventurers of Paris, we will be pleased to welcome you in this spacious, modern and authentic loft under 2 years almost mythical Montmarte neighborhood. The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, and cleaning on departure)  The apartment is very well located, you have two metro stations nearby,  you access to all the sights of paris with facilities of access and very rapidements as two metro stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to  Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'is Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare).You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc. .... Montmartre is a 20 minute walk. This spacious rooms of 50m ² is located near montmarte in the 18th arrondissement. The ground floor and mezzanine, this apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. It includes a mezzanine bedroom, a sofa bed in the lounge, a coffee table, a dining table, chairs, a
32876		Superbe T2 en sous-location dans le 18e du 9 au 31 janvier (dates plus courtes possibles). Séjour très lumineux, exposé plein sud donnant sur un petit jardin, cuisine tout équipée ( machine à laver le linge + sèche linge) et chambre indépendante
32877	Charming 2 rooms of 35  meters in a peaceful street of the 18th district of Paris a few steps away from Montmartre. Furnished flat of a bed 2 persons and of a sofa bed. Television, washes dishes,washing machine. Shower-room and separate TOILETS. Small functional kitchen. 2nd floor quietdown with elevator. Apartment fitted out tastefully. 3 subway lines nearly (4, 12 and 2). Gare du Nord station in 2 subway stations.	Charming 2 rooms of 35  meters in a peaceful street of the 18th district of Paris a few steps away from Montmartre. Furnished flat of a bed 2 persons and of a sofa bed. Television, washes dishes,washing machine. Shower-room and separate TOILETS. Small functional kitchen. 2nd floor quietdown with elevator. Apartment fitted out tastefully. 3 subway lines nearly (4, 12 and 2). Gare du Nord station in 2 subway stations.
32878	Très calme, vue extérieure jardin privé Lumineux Décoration moderne, contemporaine, épurée Grand espaces Salle de bain avec baignoire Lit très confortable 	Beau studio de 27m2, lumineux, calme, vue jardin,situé à 2min à pied du metro Guy Moquet, 10min à pied du quartier de Montmartre et des Abbesses. Studio composé d'une entrée, d'une grande salle de bain, d'un grand salon, avec un lit double et d'une cuisine équipée.  Très calme, vue extérieure jardin privé Lumineux Décoration moderne, contemporaine, épurée Grand espaces Salle de bain avec baignoire Lit très confortable Internet Cuisine : tout les équipement Machine à laver Metro et bus à 2min à pied, quartier des grands magasins (printemps/galeries lafayette) à 15min en bus et à 10min en metro. Le quartier est très tranquille, à proximité de tous commerces et restaurants. Metro 2min à pied du studio Bus à 2 min à pied egalement : ligne 31 et 81
32879	L'appartement fait 55m2, il comporte une grande pièce à vivre de 25m2 avec cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge, four traditionnel, pas de micro ondes), une grande chambre de 15m2 avec un très bon lit de 160cm, un bureau/chambre d'appoint de 8m2 (avec un lit de 140cm ou 2 petits matelas mais il faut dans ce cas en poser un au sol). Une salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Wc séparés.Toutes les pièces donnent sur la grande terrasse qui est exposée à l'ouest. On a le choix entre l'agitation de la ville ou le farniente  au coeur de la capitale.... La terrasse est aménagée avec un espace salon et une grande table pour les repas, à l'ombre de la glycine. Il est au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.	Dans un quartier vivant et coloré, à 10min à pied de Montmartre avec accès direct gare du nord et 4 lignes de métro. Bel appartement de 3 pièces pour 4 personnes bien agencé calme et lumineux avec grande terrasse plein soleil de 55m2.   L'appartement fait 55m2, il comporte une grande pièce à vivre de 25m2 avec cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge, four traditionnel, pas de micro ondes), une grande chambre de 15m2 avec un très bon lit de 160cm, un bureau/chambre d'appoint de 8m2 (avec un lit de 140cm ou 2 petits matelas mais il faut dans ce cas en poser un au sol). Une salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Wc séparés.Toutes les pièces donnent sur la grande terrasse qui est exposée à l'ouest. On a le choix entre l'agitation de la ville ou le farniente  au coeur de la capitale.... La terrasse est aménagée avec un espace salon et une grande table pour les repas, à l'ombre de la glycine. Il est au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement, com
32880	PRIVATE INDEPENDENT APARTMENT. AVAILABLE FOR LONG STAYS This charming and stylish 1 bedroom flat is located in the 18th district of Paris. On the 6th floor, with large windows overlooking a courtyard below and high ceilings, the apartment is very bright and located in a quiet  area of the city. The building has a concierge and an intercom system for increased security.  The bedroom is fully furninshed with 1 large double bed and a spacious wardrobe. Clean bed linen is provided.  In the living room, there is a comfortable sofa and a flat screen TV with cable tv and international channels (+ 200) available at no extra cost.  The kitchen has an wooden farm table, perfect for 4 persons and is fully equipped with everything you'll need to cook the perfect meal: oven, electric hob, a large American style fridge-freezer along with cooking utensils, pots, pans and more. A kettle, a toaster and a food processor are also provided as well as cutlery, glasses and plates. A chilled bottle of wine o	Bright and calm apartment with 1 bedroom. It is tastefully decorated. Near metro stations and numerous shops. Available for long-term rent.  PRIVATE INDEPENDENT APARTMENT. AVAILABLE FOR LONG STAYS This charming and stylish 1 bedroom flat is located in the 18th district of Paris. On the 6th floor, with large windows overlooking a courtyard below and high ceilings, the apartment is very bright and located in a quiet  area of the city. The building has a concierge and an intercom system for increased security.  The bedroom is fully furninshed with 1 large double bed and a spacious wardrobe. Clean bed linen is provided.  In the living room, there is a comfortable sofa and a flat screen TV with cable tv and international channels (+ 200) available at no extra cost.  The kitchen has an wooden farm table, perfect for 4 persons and is fully equipped with everything you'll need to cook the perfect meal: oven, electric hob, a large American style fridge-freezer along with cooking utensils, pots,
32881	Appartement de 40 m2 en plein coeur de Montmartre sur la rue Lepic, proche Pigalle et Places des Abbesses !	Deux-pièces, plein coeur de Montmartre, proche transports (métro, bus), Moulin Rouge et place des Abbesses. Sacré-Coeur à quelques minutes de marche. Peut loger deux personnes, idéal pour un couple qui souhaite visiter Paris. Cuisine équipée + SDB Appartement de 40 m2 en plein coeur de Montmartre sur la rue Lepic, proche Pigalle et Places des Abbesses !
32882	ATTENTION, THERE IS SOME WORK IN THE BUILDING. THEY ARE WORKING ONLY THE DAY (MONDAY UNTIL FRIDAY), (09H00-18H00)  Bonjour,je loue mon studio refait à neuf, très charmant .35 M2 :- Coin Chambre, avec lit standard- Canapé lit- Lave Linge Séchant- Cuisine équipé- SDB avec baignoir	Bonjour, Mon studio est un nid douillé avec tout le confort à 10 mns de Montmartre à pied, à quelques mns des métros vous pouvez visiter Paris facilement.. Je vous ai préparé aussi un Guide pour visiter Paris en 3 j. Serviette, draps..inclus ATTENTION, THERE IS SOME WORK IN THE BUILDING. THEY ARE WORKING ONLY THE DAY (MONDAY UNTIL FRIDAY), (09H00-18H00)  Bonjour,je loue mon studio refait à neuf, très charmant .35 M2 :- Coin Chambre, avec lit standard- Canapé lit- Lave Linge Séchant- Cuisine équipé- SDB avec baignoir Sheets, towels, inclued Ask me by mail I have PDF with direction and map from ORLY - ROISSY - GARE DU NORD..
32883		"Charming Parisian three-piece next to the ""Sacre Coeur"" in Montmartre. Ideal for couples with 1 children . The second bedroom has a bed for a child (max 2 years). Facing south , enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, wi -fi."
32884	This flat is atypical. You must come to understand why you are going to feel good.	Located in the Goutte d'Or area, I like to think that my flat looks like me. Warm and welcoming. From the street, you can't imagine what you are going to find behind the gate. The courtyard is a precious commodity. This flat is atypical. You must come to understand why you are going to feel good. You have a room which access is fully booked for you. You can use the bathroom, the kitchen, the living room-dining room and the shared courtyard. There are probably much more things to share with you, but we will do according to you when you arrive. You get into the 18th district of PARIS, in the area of La Goutte d'Or. Restaurants, small bars, clubs, theaters, markets ... For a coffee, a lunch, a brunch, or just for that moment when you discover talents. Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, the Place du Tertre, the Sacré Coeur are nearby. You can reach Stephenson Street by RER B or D (Gare du Nord Station), by the subway (L2/ La Chapelle - L4 / Château Rouge station - L12 / Marx Dormoy or Marcadet-
32885	1 room flat refurbished in 2013 in a quiet old classical building. ATTENTION, the commodities are next to the flat (you need to go out). Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle in 10-15 minutes walk ! With the line 12 of the metro you can go to the Opéra Garnier, Saint-Lazare, South Pigalle in 15 minutes, Champs Elysées, Louvre, Seine river in 20 minutes. Eiffel Tower and La Défense in 30 minutes.	Fully equiped one-room flat with a 1.40m large bed in a typical parisian building. 10 min from the Sacred Heart basilique. 3 min from the nearest metro station (Lamarck). The real Paris is yours ! Note that the toilets are across the hallway. 1 room flat refurbished in 2013 in a quiet old classical building. ATTENTION, the commodities are next to the flat (you need to go out). Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle in 10-15 minutes walk ! With the line 12 of the metro you can go to the Opéra Garnier, Saint-Lazare, South Pigalle in 15 minutes, Champs Elysées, Louvre, Seine river in 20 minutes. Eiffel Tower and La Défense in 30 minutes. I will be pleased to welcome you in Paris ;) Real typical parisian neighborhood with few mass tourists and a lot of nice restaurants and boutiques Nearest metro stations are Jule Joffrin (Line 12, the green one) and Lamarck-Caulincourt (Line 12 - Montmartre = a lot of stairs).
32886	"As Paris is a city that never sleeps, I was looking for an apartment offering room to relax. The place I found is exactly that: Inviting, convivial, calm and yet only a step away from ""le Paris qui bouge"".  "	"I am renting my cosy apartment situated in the 18th arrondissement of Paris (Montmartre, Sacre Coeur, Marché du Poteau...) My 36m2 comprise: Kitchen, living room (w/ convertible couch), bedroom, bathroom, WC. Metro Jules Joffrin (L12) + Simplon (L4) As Paris is a city that never sleeps, I was looking for an apartment offering room to relax. The place I found is exactly that: Inviting, convivial, calm and yet only a step away from ""le Paris qui bouge"".  - TV - Internet - Washing machine - Shower (bath tub) - Oven / gas stove I am trying to personally welcome you, but depending on my work schedule I will ask my friends to show you the aparment. Let's discuss all details via mail! By hazard, I found my first shared flat in the 18th arrondissement....and never left :) People hanging out late in the numerous bars and cafés, romantic streets mounting up to the famous Sacre Coeur, restaurants' menus making watering your mouths. Find your favorite French cheese in the 'fromagerie' around the c"
32887	Appartement refait à neuf  Équipé, confortable, lumineux, calme 	"Appartement refait à neuf, 2ème étage, 10-15mn à pied du Sacré-Cœur, ligne 4 et 12 accessibles à moins de 300m, lumineux, proche tous commerces, rue calme, doubles vitrages, cuisine équipée, chambre grand lit double, salle-de-bain confort. wifi Appartement refait à neuf  Équipé, confortable, lumineux, calme Toutes les parties du logement sont accessibles aux voyageurs. Proche des puces de Saint-Ouen !  Proche du Sacré-Cœur et du charmant quartier montmartrois ! Appartement situé dans un quartier ""mini village"" => beaucoup de commerçants de qualité ! Métro qui dessert directement tout Paris ! Accès à moins de 300 mètres des lignes de métro 4 et 12. (métro Simplon et Jules Joffrin)"
32888	Vue admirable sur le Sacré Coeur et le métro aérien! Complètement atypique!  Deux chambres en enfilade avec lits double! Possibilité de rajouter un matelas  pour une personne au sol.  Au pied de la Butte Montmartre et du quartier de Pigalle  Appartement entier Moulin Rouge Sacré Coeur Marché st Pierre pigalle ... Métro en bas de l'immeuble ligne 2 ou 4  Accès Gare du Nord à 5 minutes à pied Appartement entier minimum 2 nuit Appartement entier Canal St Martin  Métro en bas de l'immeuble ligne 2 ou 4  Accès Gare du Nord à 5 minutes à pied The appartement is being renovated. Available for rental ...Discount prices for the roll out! This is a private 2 bedrooms appartement, on the 3th floor (with elevator).All rooms are really bright and you will enjoy a great family or romantic stay in the heart of the beloved and authentic area of Montmartre.  The appartement is a truly traditional parisien style, with wooden flooring, molding walls ands ceilings, and designer's equipment. It is located 	Appartement 3 pièces style Haussmannien Parquet au sol et moulures au plafond Double séjour, salle à manger de 40m2 Meublé design, très chaleureux et accueillant Vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur et le métro aérien Vue admirable sur le Sacré Coeur et le métro aérien! Complètement atypique!  Deux chambres en enfilade avec lits double! Possibilité de rajouter un matelas  pour une personne au sol.  Au pied de la Butte Montmartre et du quartier de Pigalle  Appartement entier Moulin Rouge Sacré Coeur Marché st Pierre pigalle ... Métro en bas de l'immeuble ligne 2 ou 4  Accès Gare du Nord à 5 minutes à pied Appartement entier minimum 2 nuit Appartement entier Canal St Martin  Métro en bas de l'immeuble ligne 2 ou 4  Accès Gare du Nord à 5 minutes à pied The appartement is being renovated. Available for rental ...Discount prices for the roll out! This is a private 2 bedrooms appartement, on the 3th floor (with elevator).All rooms are really bright and you will enjoy a great family or romantic
32889		Studio dans le quartier de Montmartre (18ème), proche de tous commerces et métros.  Pièce à vivre avec espace cuisine, canapé convertible en grand lit 2 places, salle de bain privative.  1er étage avec ascenseur, immeuble sécurisé. 
32890		"Deux pièces dans l'esprit d'un chalet très agréable avec beaucoup de charme.  C'est un petit duplex, le salon se trouve en bas avec un canapé convertible,la cuisine est bien équipé ouverte sur le salon.  La salle de douche est en bas également, et enfin la chambre à l'étage. Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition !! Mon appartement de deux pièces est situé dans le quartier de la Butte de Montmartre.  Vous pourrez loger confortablement dans ce charmant deux pièces qui offre 4 couchages (2 dans la chambre et 2 dans le canapé lit).  L'appartement est situé au RDC donnant sur un petit jardin. L'immeuble est très calme. Le quartier de la butte de Montmartre est très animé, vous pourrez déjeuner/dîner dans pleins de bons petits restaurants.  Nous sommes à 5 min à pieds du Moulin Rouge et à 8 minutes du Sacré Cœur.  Vous pourrez rejoindre les métros ""Blanche"" ligne 2 ou ""Abbesses"" ligne 12 pour visiter tout Paris."
32891	Idéalement placé, à 10 min à pied du sacré coeur et très bien desservi en métro (lignes 4 et 12, bus 85) , cet appartement peut être pour vous une base idéale pour sillonner Paris. Les fenêtres, orientées plein sud donnent sur une cour intérieure calme et l'appartement est très lumineux. Idéal pour 2 voire 3 personnes : le canapé du salon est convertible. L'appartement est organisé de la manière suivante : - l'entrée : porte manteau, dressing. - la cuisine : gazinière, four, évier, plan de travail, et machine à laver. - la salle de bain : baignoire, lavabo et toilettes. - le salon où se trouvent un canapé (convertible), une table basse, un bureau ainsi qu'une télévision équipée d'un lecteur DVD (mais qui ne reçoit pas les chaînes) : vous pourrez profiter de ma collection de films. - la chambre : équipée d'un bureau également, d'un lit 2 places et d'un placard pour vos vêtements. L'appartement est situé au cinquième étage (sans ascenseur).	Ce charmant deux pièces de 40 m2, accueillant et pratique, peut accueillir deux à trois personnes. Profitez de son calme et de sa proximité avec le métro. Au dernier étage, l'appartement est très lumineux ! Idéalement placé, à 10 min à pied du sacré coeur et très bien desservi en métro (lignes 4 et 12, bus 85) , cet appartement peut être pour vous une base idéale pour sillonner Paris. Les fenêtres, orientées plein sud donnent sur une cour intérieure calme et l'appartement est très lumineux. Idéal pour 2 voire 3 personnes : le canapé du salon est convertible. L'appartement est organisé de la manière suivante : - l'entrée : porte manteau, dressing. - la cuisine : gazinière, four, évier, plan de travail, et machine à laver. - la salle de bain : baignoire, lavabo et toilettes. - le salon où se trouvent un canapé (convertible), une table basse, un bureau ainsi qu'une télévision équipée d'un lecteur DVD (mais qui ne reçoit pas les chaînes) : vous pourrez profiter de ma collection de films. -
32892	5 minutes from Sacre Coeur	The flat is located in the very beautiful sight of Montmartre/Sacre-Coeur area. It's fully equipped with kitchen, bathroom, double bedroom and living room. 5 minutes from Sacre Coeur All the flat I am always available for helping my guests to enjoy their stay. 5 min from the metro and 10 min from Gare du Nord.
32893	Very popular District ; Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance ; 2 stations = 5 min to Sacré Coeur ; Moulin Rouge is only 2 km away. Simplon Metro Station is across the street while Marcadet-Poissonniers Metro Station is a 5-minute walk away and offers direct access to Madeleine Church, Chatelet and the Notre-Dame.  By car : at 15 min. of Champs Elysees, Arc de triomphe, Concorde.	In a typical Haussmann building (parquet flooring, fireplace), the apart.  'A 2 pas de Montmartre' is the perfect place to visit Paris : Sacré Coeur is just a 10-minutes walk or a 5-minutes metro ride away, Notre Dame is just 15 min by direct subway Very popular District ; Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance ; 2 stations = 5 min to Sacré Coeur ; Moulin Rouge is only 2 km away. Simplon Metro Station is across the street while Marcadet-Poissonniers Metro Station is a 5-minute walk away and offers direct access to Madeleine Church, Chatelet and the Notre-Dame.  By car : at 15 min. of Champs Elysees, Arc de triomphe, Concorde. The whole appartement will be for you : kitchen with full equipment / Toilets / Bathroom with a washing machin if you need You will be totaly independant during your stay, We wont be there . But we won't be far from you in case you need.  We will provide the best advices for your visit of Paris ; personnal advices, depending what are yo
32894	The apartment is bright, nicely decorated and very quiet, facing a small local park. The space is big (85 sq m) and lofty, with two private rooms on two different levels.	An old café refurbished into a big apartment, close to the Montmartre area and within walking distance to Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord. Just around the corner, you will find many cafés and restaurants, as well as a covered Parisian market. The apartment is bright, nicely decorated and very quiet, facing a small local park. The space is big (85 sq m) and lofty, with two private rooms on two different levels. On the ground floor, you will find a big living and dining room, a kitchen, a toilet, and a private room with an attached bathroom. On the basement, where you will be sleeping there is another big room with a reading area and two armchairs, a bathroom and a separate toilet with a laundry space. Quite a lot of light comes in, especially in the afternoon. The Marx Dormoy area is one of the up and coming neighbourhoods in Paris, with a very nice covered market just around the corner, as well as many restaurants (French, Thai, Chinese, Italian, African), supermarkets and wine sho
32895		Hi !I'm looking for a sympathic foreign flamate at the end of may!The appartement is really clean, bright, comfortable and pleasant.  Situate near montmartre, 5minutes, (Lamarck-Colaincourt) the quarter is really nice and full of life (restaurant
32896		18ème arrondissement de Paris, aux portes de Paris. Quartier très vivant, immeuble de 7 étages sans vis à vis. Possibilité de Parking
32897	Charming, cosy and bright apartment in the multicultural and lively district of Chateau-rouge.  The apartment is 55 sqm big and in the room can sleep 2 persons comfortably. - One large bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed  - One large living room - Equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine, washing machine, hoven) - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower  - dining room with a large table  - wifi and soundsystem Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood!	Confortable bedroom in a charming, cosy and big apartment in the well located & lively district of Château-rouge.  The apartment is 60 sqm big and sleeps 2 persons comfortably.
32898	2 rooms flat on ground floor (34m2) of a former building, with view on court : dining room with a bedding sofa, room with a double bed and drawers, kitchen area with all facilities (refrigerator, 2 patches with gas, microwave, coffee maker...), bathroom with shower and toilets, internet, TV flat screen. Close to any conveniences (supermarket, and everything else you'd need), Underground GUY MOQUET within 200m Couple, 2 couples or one couples with 2 kids All interaction which are needed, for anything they need	2 rooms flat on ground floor (34m2) of a former building, with view on court : dining room with a bedding sofa, room with a double bed and drawers, kitchen area with all facilities (refrigerator, 2 patches with gas, microwave, coffee maker...), bathroom with shower and toilets, internet, TV flat screen. Close to any conveniences (supermarket, and everything else you'd need), Underground GUY MOQUET within 200m Couple, 2 couples or one couples with 2 kids All interaction which are needed, for anything they need all commodities : restaurants, Montmartre, shops, transports (metro, bycicles, rent cars)
32899	"Je serais très heureuse de vous accueillir dans mon appartement, sur les hauteurs de Montmartre, quartier ou j'ai grandis et dont je connais chaque recoin.  Il est parfait, depuis mon ""nid"", de découvrir et profiter de Montmartre à pied ainsi que de parcourir les autres parties de la ville en prenant le métro, le bus, un vélib ou une autolib'.  -- J'aime me mêler à la foule bienveillante du Sacré Coeur et de la place du Tertre. J'aime me prélasser sur la place du Bateau Lavoir sous l'ombre des arbres, en rêvassant de beauté, comme le fit Amedeo Modigliani et Consantin Brancusi avant moi. J'apprécie également goûter les meilleurs mets qu'offrent les nombreux restaurants de mon quartier - français et d'ailleurs. J'aime aussi descendre de la butte et sortir danser toute la nuit vers Pigalle. Enfin, pour mieux apprécier Montmartre, je m'évade vers d'autre Paris très facilement. -- Accessible via la station de métro Abbesses (Ligne 12 - 5min de marche) ainsi que les stations Pigalle ou Anve"	"The perfect Love Nest to appreciate the charms of Montmarte, the small village of Paris. Closed to Le Sacré Coeur and Pigalle - Le nid d'amour parfait pour apprécier les charmes de Montmarte, le petit village de Paris. A deux pas du Sacré Coeur. Je serais très heureuse de vous accueillir dans mon appartement, sur les hauteurs de Montmartre, quartier ou j'ai grandis et dont je connais chaque recoin.  Il est parfait, depuis mon ""nid"", de découvrir et profiter de Montmartre à pied ainsi que de parcourir les autres parties de la ville en prenant le métro, le bus, un vélib ou une autolib'.  -- J'aime me mêler à la foule bienveillante du Sacré Coeur et de la place du Tertre. J'aime me prélasser sur la place du Bateau Lavoir sous l'ombre des arbres, en rêvassant de beauté, comme le fit Amedeo Modigliani et Consantin Brancusi avant moi. J'apprécie également goûter les meilleurs mets qu'offrent les nombreux restaurants de mon quartier - français et d'ailleurs. J'aime aussi descendre de la butte"
32900	Whatever your whish is, to dream or to reste after a good day of work or after the interesting visits you made, this small but so comfortable nest will welcome you and give you new strength for the day after. If you are a couple, you can share relaxing moments, before enjoying one of the nice restaurants of the area.	Original, artistic place under the roofs, on 6th floor without elevator, very good for health and shape, full of light.Private toilets outside. the shower is in the kitchen. Very easy to live in. Calm, situated on a courtyard. Area full of colors and life. Next to transport. Whatever your whish is, to dream or to reste after a good day of work or after the interesting visits you made, this small but so comfortable nest will welcome you and give you new strength for the day after. If you are a couple, you can share relaxing moments, before enjoying one of the nice restaurants of the area. You enjoy the access of the whole apartment. I'll be glad to help you in any way during your stay. It's a very nice area with many different cultures.  Montmartre-le Sacré-Coeur, its glorious past (Picasso lived and worked there) and its today small streets, shops and restaurants The area of Saint-Lazare, the big shops Galeries Lafayettes and le Printemps Barbès, ils clorfull crowd and its wonderfull s
32901		Venez découvrir Paris dans ce joli deux pièces situé en plein Paris, juste à côté du Métro Barbes ! 
32902		Un superbe 2 pièces avec un double séjour plein sud en plein coeur du quartier Montmartre (métro Blanche)
32903		appartement f2 de 40 m2 comprenant cuisine, salle a mangé salon, 1chambre salle de bain en rez de chaussée situé a 2 min de la place des abbesse et a 5 min du moulin rouge dans quartier tranquille et charmant!      
32904		appartement de 37m2, il comporte deux chambres, et la piéce à vivre comprend cuisine ouverte sur salon, ce qui donne plus d'espace. Il donne sur une cour interieur et pas sur la rue donc calme. IL se situe dans le 18éme pas loin du sacré coeur.
32905	Our apartment features a fully equipped kitchen & bathroom that are for you to use as you wish. It has just been renovated a few months ago. It is located in a calm courtyard (with a huge bamboo tree!) so you won't be bothered by street's noises. Equipped with Wifi, oven, fridge, bathroom and toilets. The bed is a very large and very comfortable convertible couch.	This charming apartment of 32 m2 is located 10 min from Montmartre. 
32906	Very nice apartment, very bright, at the foot of Montmartre, north side. At the fourth flour without elevator, its total supeficy is 52m2, with a large 25m2 living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. Old Parisian apartment, completely renovated, with hardwood floors and fireplace. Very bright with a beautiful full northern exposure in the bedroom and living room, and a south-facing window in the kitchen. Equipped with every comfort: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, stove, internet, large wardrobe for clothes drive, and a hair dryer. Are also provided bed linen and towels. This apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to four people thanks to its high-end very comfortable sofa bed (2.30 m * 1.30 m). All shops are within 5 minutes (bakery, butcher, supermarket, ...). Public transport are also many nearby: line 12 (Jules Joffrin or Lamarck-Caulaincourt), line 4 (or Marcadet Red Castle), but also buses (phone number hidden) that allow them all to go anywhe	Beautiful one bedroom, very bright, at the foot of Montmartre, ideal for exploring Paris. It can accommodate up to four people. Also enjoy all the comforts around :  Very nice apartment, very bright, at the foot of Montmartre, north side. At the fourth flour without elevator, its total supeficy is 52m2, with a large 25m2 living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. Old Parisian apartment, completely renovated, with hardwood floors and fireplace. Very bright with a beautiful full northern exposure in the bedroom and living room, and a south-facing window in the kitchen. Equipped with every comfort: washing machine, dishwasher, oven, stove, internet, large wardrobe for clothes drive, and a hair dryer. Are also provided bed linen and towels. This apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to four people thanks to its high-end very comfortable sofa bed (2.30 m * 1.30 m). All shops are within 5 minutes (bakery, butcher, supermarket, ...). Public transport are als
32907	"As you stroll down rue Caulaincourt from the metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt, you will already be putting yourself in the right mood for your Parisian holiday in one of Paris' most picturesque neighborhoods. Step into your luxurious accommodations on rue Caulaincourt to unwind, find solace and a delightful refuge after a long journey ""home"".  And 'at home' is how we hope you will feel. This holiday rental retains period features including mouldings and the original wood flooring. It was owned and lived in for many years by a member of Montmartre's artistic and theatrical community. In the bedroom is the only one of the original owner's paintings not given to a local museum. The LIVING ROOM contains mid-19th century antiques, to give the space that classique feel. Sleep comfortably on the double sofa bed built specifically for daily use, you will not lose a nights sleep. The choice is yours, whether you decide to sit back in one of the comfortable reading chairs as you page through our large"	"This chic and elegant apartment will make you feel like home in no time!  Located in the artistic Montmartre neighborhood, you are still well-connected to public transportation to get wherever you fancy efficiently. As you stroll down rue Caulaincourt from the metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt, you will already be putting yourself in the right mood for your Parisian holiday in one of Paris' most picturesque neighborhoods. Step into your luxurious accommodations on rue Caulaincourt to unwind, find solace and a delightful refuge after a long journey ""home"".  And 'at home' is how we hope you will feel. This holiday rental retains period features including mouldings and the original wood flooring. It was owned and lived in for many years by a member of Montmartre's artistic and theatrical community. In the bedroom is the only one of the original owner's paintings not given to a local museum. The LIVING ROOM contains mid-19th century antiques, to give the space that classique feel. Sleep comfortab"
32908	Very nice studio apartment, bright, and well decorated. Very good Wifi connection, possibility to have a home phone if you need it. Kitchenette (mini fridge, micro wave/oven, induction hobs, boiler, toaster, coffee machine, cooking & eating utensils) King size bed with a very confortable mattress (Linens and towels are provided) A cosy living area, you can have until 7 confortable seats.  The place is a quite romantic & fully equipped  perfect for a couple who want to spend some days at the heart of the authentic Paris, or for one person for a long term. I love my neighborhood a little piece of the magical city full of possibility and I'll be glad to share it with you     	Perfect location to visit the authentic Paris. The apartment is situated at Pigalle just in the border of Montmartre & sacré coeur. The metro is 180m away you can easily travel all around Paris. Very nice studio apartment, bright, and well decorated. Very good Wifi connection, possibility to have a home phone if you need it. Kitchenette (mini fridge, micro wave/oven, induction hobs, boiler, toaster, coffee machine, cooking & eating utensils) King size bed with a very confortable mattress (Linens and towels are provided) A cosy living area, you can have until 7 confortable seats.  The place is a quite romantic & fully equipped  perfect for a couple who want to spend some days at the heart of the authentic Paris, or for one person for a long term. I love my neighborhood a little piece of the magical city full of possibility and I'll be glad to share it with you     You will have access to the entire apartment. We can get in touch by phone or email. The neighborhood is a magical mix, Piga
32909	Quiet flat, idealy situated in a little street near shops & Sacré Coeur	"Cozy Flat, 2 rooms in the quiet rue Durantin in Montmartre! Next to the Place des Abbesses, 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur.  Ideal for two personns. Enjoy the fully equipated kitchen and bathroom! Quiet flat, idealy situated in a little street near shops & Sacré Coeur Guests will have access to:  - The contents of the fridge, placards (towels, food, etc) I would be happy to share tips about the city :) Typical neighborhood of Montmartre, where tourists and residents cohabit easily! Metro station ""abbesses"", ligne 12, and Montmartrobus which goes to place du Tertre  At pigalle, 5 minutes by feet: metro 2 and lot of buses If you have any other questions, don't hesitate: contact us!"
32910		Deux pièces 40m2 à 10 min de Montmartre.1er et dernier étage,grand salon,chambre, cuisine américaine toute équipée(lave-linge,lave-vaisselle,frigo,plaques vitro...) Au calme sur une petite cour.Parquet,porte blindée,double vitrage .Linge fourni
32911	Authentic and very quiet space. The terrace is unique and very welcoming.	Lovely flat with a terrace! - In the heart of Montmartre but very quiet - Recently renovated - Very nice terrace with green plants and flowers The perfect place for your romantic stay in Montmartre! Authentic and very quiet space. The terrace is unique and very welcoming. Fully equipped :  TV with international channels DVD and Blu-Ray player WiFi  Kettle  Nespresso coffee machine Microwave Steam Iron  Sheets and towels Best Montmartre trips provided! I will be available for you if anything needed. The flat is located in the heart of Montmartre in the street of the AMELIE movie and offering lots of nice restaurants and bars. 2 minutes walk to the SACRE COEUR.   If you want to go out I’ll be happy to recommend you the best places. Metro station ABBESSES line 12 or PIGALLE line 2 are 2 to 5 minutes close.
32912	In this 42mq flat, you will find a large living room, very bright, facing south, with a 4,5mq balcony overlooking the garden.  This main room is divided in two spaces: on the left a large table with 6 to 8 chairs and on the right a more intimate area with the large sofa, a TV and (old!) game console. The living room has Internet and WiFi. Bedroom is located on street side, facing north but very quiet. Doubled bed, linen provided. WiFi is not very powerfull in this room so I advice using 3G in it. Kitchen is equipped with an oven, a vitroceramic cooking table, a dishwater, and microwave oven. Washing machine in the bathroom. Toilets are separate the bathroom. All rooms are equipped with central heating. The apartment is usually warm but there are two additionnal little electric fan heaters if needed. Bike local on the ground floor.  	Charming apartment near Montmartre and « Puces de Saint Ouen » (20 minutes walk). In the 18eme arrondissement of Paris, on the sixth floor (with lift). Very bright, separated kitchen and bathroom. Full equiped. In this 42mq flat, you will find a large living room, very bright, facing south, with a 4,5mq balcony overlooking the garden.  This main room is divided in two spaces: on the left a large table with 6 to 8 chairs and on the right a more intimate area with the large sofa, a TV and (old!) game console. The living room has Internet and WiFi. Bedroom is located on street side, facing north but very quiet. Doubled bed, linen provided. WiFi is not very powerfull in this room so I advice using 3G in it. Kitchen is equipped with an oven, a vitroceramic cooking table, a dishwater, and microwave oven. Washing machine in the bathroom. Toilets are separate the bathroom. All rooms are equipped with central heating. The apartment is usually warm but there are two additionnal little electric f
32913	Beau petit studio lumineux avec salle de bain et WC, 14m2, canapé lit. Situé dans le 9eme à deux pas de montmartre, très bien desservi. Beautiful studio with bathroom and WC very well located near montmartre. close to the metro and bus. 	Beau petit studio lumineux avec salle de bain et WC, 14m2, canapé lit. Situé dans le 9eme à deux pas de montmartre, très bien desservi. Beautiful studio with bathroom and WC very well located near montmartre. close to the metro and bus. Beau petit studio lumineux avec salle de bain et WC, 14m2, canapé lit. Situé dans le 9eme à deux pas de montmartre, très bien desservi. Beautiful studio with bathroom and WC very well located near montmartre. close to the metro and bus. 
32914	Charmant appartement de trois pièces refait à neuf, 34m2 avec balcon de 4m2, dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à peine à 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur et à 7 minutes du marché aux Puces.   Libre du 2 août au 19 septembre. Location : 1340 euros par mois / 335 euros par semaine tout compris. Minimum 3 semaines. Caution : 250 euros.   Il est au quatrième et dernier étage sans ascenseur, doublement sécurisé par deux codes d'accès à l'entrée de l'immeuble.   Il est à 3 minutes de la station de métro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) et à 7 minutes de celle de Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), tout près de la rue commerçante et joviale de la rue du Poteau. Le quartier présente de nombreux  restaurants proposant une cuisine venant des quatre coins du monde.   Très lumineux, il donne, entre autre, plein sud avec une vue dégagée. En contre-bas, les Jardins Du Ruisseau qui sont en fait un aménagement en jardins collectifs des quais de la Petite Ceinture, idéaux pour pique-niquer ou boire un verre p	Charmant appartement refait à neuf, dernier étage, vue dégagée au sud, 34m2 avec balcon, dans un quartier cosmopolite, commerçant et animé du 18ème arrondissement, situé à peine à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre et à 7 minutes du marché aux Puces!   Charmant appartement de trois pièces refait à neuf, 34m2 avec balcon de 4m2, dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, à peine à 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur et à 7 minutes du marché aux Puces.   Libre du 2 août au 19 septembre. Location : 1340 euros par mois / 335 euros par semaine tout compris. Minimum 3 semaines. Caution : 250 euros.   Il est au quatrième et dernier étage sans ascenseur, doublement sécurisé par deux codes d'accès à l'entrée de l'immeuble.   Il est à 3 minutes de la station de métro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) et à 7 minutes de celle de Jules Joffrin (ligne 12), tout près de la rue commerçante et joviale de la rue du Poteau. Le quartier présente de nombreux  restaurants proposant une cuisine venant des quatre coins du
32915	"Je propose un joli studio de 30m² situé dans le quartier de Marx Dormoy, proche du charmant marché couvert de l'Olive et d'une petite rue piétonne très vivante. Il est situé dans un immeuble récent sécurisé, au 3ème étage avec ascenceur, proche de plusieurs supermarchés, boulangeries, primeurs, boucheries et épiceries. Mon parking fermé vous permettra de garer votre voiture en toute sécurité ! Ce studio est ma résidence principale. Très calme et tout confort, il est idéal pour 2 personnes, est situé proche des transports en commun (à 3 min du métro et des bus), de Montmartre et de Pigalle. On peut rejoindre le centre de Paris en métro, en 20 minutes. Une borne ""Vélib"" est également disponible à 2 minutes de l'immeuble. Il est équipé d'un canapé convertible avec un surmatelas à mémoire de forme très confortable (à superposer sur le matelas du canapé convertible!), et de tout l'équipement nécessaire pour manger et cuisiner (casseroles, poêles, vaisselle...). "	"Je propose un joli studio de 30m² situé dans le quartier de Marx Dormoy, proche du charmant marché couvert de l'Olive et d'une petite rue piétonne très vivante. Il est situé dans un immeuble récent sécurisé, au 3ème étage avec ascenceur, proche de plusieurs supermarchés, boulangeries, primeurs, boucheries et épiceries. Mon parking fermé vous permettra de garer votre voiture en toute sécurité ! Ce studio est ma résidence principale. Très calme et tout confort, il est idéal pour 2 personnes, est situé proche des transports en commun (à 3 min du métro et des bus), de Montmartre et de Pigalle. On peut rejoindre le centre de Paris en métro, en 20 minutes. Une borne ""Vélib"" est également disponible à 2 minutes de l'immeuble. Il est équipé d'un canapé convertible avec un surmatelas à mémoire de forme très confortable (à superposer sur le matelas du canapé convertible!), et de tout l'équipement nécessaire pour manger et cuisiner (casseroles, poêles, vaisselle...). Cet appartement est mon lieu "
32916	45 sqm flat. Bright, urban and refined at Montmartre's door: made for couples. This lovely apartment has been conceived as a one wide living room divided in three spaces: a lounge with a sofa bed, an open-plan kitchen fully equiped with a large dining table; and a bedroom, separated by a glass wall. Note for allergy : a cat usually lives in the apartment but it will NOT be present during your stay. The apartment is at the 5th floor (no elevator) of an early XXth century bulding. Uncluttered yet charming, the original wooden floor, (working) firepit, second-hand/vintage furniture and glass wall litteraly warm up the room which is already bathed with incredible light through its 4 windows. Outdoor curtains can protect from daylight and a thick curtain is specifically hanged on the bedroom's window to let you enjoy a deep, untroubled sleep. The Italian-style bathroom reflects the spirit of the apartment: cosy, comfy and minimalist. You can store your clothes and belongings in the made-to-	Refined and cozy 45 sqm/484 sqf loft just 10 minutes away from Montmartre with direct access to Pigalle, Saint-Germain-des-Près, Tuileries... 45 sqm flat. Bright, urban and refined at Montmartre's door: made for couples. This lovely apartment has been conceived as a one wide living room divided in three spaces: a lounge with a sofa bed, an open-plan kitchen fully equiped with a large dining table; and a bedroom, separated by a glass wall. Note for allergy : a cat usually lives in the apartment but it will NOT be present during your stay. The apartment is at the 5th floor (no elevator) of an early XXth century bulding. Uncluttered yet charming, the original wooden floor, (working) firepit, second-hand/vintage furniture and glass wall litteraly warm up the room which is already bathed with incredible light through its 4 windows. Outdoor curtains can protect from daylight and a thick curtain is specifically hanged on the bedroom's window to let you enjoy a deep, untroubled sleep. The Ital
32917	Ideal for 2 persons. This studio appartment is located next to a market (open almost everyday) and the metro and bus station (Marx Dormoy) is 5 minutes away.	Ideal for 2 persons. This studio appartment is located next to a market (open almost everyday) and the metro and bus station (Marx Dormoy) is 5 minutes away.
32918		4th flour Possible bed, bathtub for child East or north station 15 mn Paris center 25 mn Market 5 mn Give necessary for sleeping around/ couchage Rendre l'appartement dans l'état d'arrivée Clean: Render the flat like you found it
32919	just down  the Sacre Coeur, this apartment is ideal for all tourist tours in Paris. It is located in a small courtyard,  far from the noise of the street,	Enjoy the romance of this area thanks to this charming 1 bedroom apartment, ideally located just down the Sacré Coeur, close to shopping and metro. A 5 minutes walk from the Abbesses district. and Pigalle. Ideal for couples lovers! just down  the Sacre Coeur, this apartment is ideal for all tourist tours in Paris. It is located in a small courtyard,  far from the noise of the street, Shower, TV, WiFi, kitchen and 1 bedroom with queen bed I will not be present during your stay but reachable. I remain at your disposal for any advice for tours, I will also give you the some good restaurant addresses! The district of Abbesses is 5 minutes walk. The Pigalle district, with its theaters is also within walking distance. The nightlife is very active, enjoy the opportunity to go see a play at the Theatre de l'Atelier, or to a concert at La Cigale or Trianon located on the Boulevard Rochechouart. The Moulin Rouge is not far either. Allow about 45 minutes drive from Charles de Gaulle airport. Publ
32920	Opening july 2013. Linen and cleaning included.  Montmartre, in a lively and charming street, a few steps away from Sacré Coeur just below a nice place with restaurants, the Apt is best for a couple, but can welcome 3 persons or a family with children. Located in the 4th and last floor of a small building, this walk up (easy stairs) apartment will offer you all the comfort necessary for your stay: best quality bedding, new linen, new Sofa bed, double glazed windows, dish washer and washing machine, wireless Internet, and cable TV, all in the charm of an authentic decoration.  The street (rue Muller) and some few streets around are one of the last true bohemian enclave in Paris to be still discovered. During daytime, you will take advantage of the greenery and the peace from the terraces. At night you will feel an arty and trendy living and find some good and reasonable restaurants. The apartment's placement also makes getting to the Sacre Coeur quick and easy (You are less than 2 minut	Opening july 2013. Linen and cleaning included.  Montmartre, in a lively and charming street, a few steps away from Sacré Coeur just below a nice place with restaurants, the Apt is best for a couple, but can welcome 3 persons or a family with children. Located in the 4th and last floor of a small building, this walk up (easy stairs) apartment will offer you all the comfort necessary for your stay: best quality bedding, new linen, new Sofa bed, double glazed windows, dish washer and washing machine, wireless Internet, and cable TV, all in the charm of an authentic decoration.  The street (rue Muller) and some few streets around are one of the last true bohemian enclave in Paris to be still discovered. During daytime, you will take advantage of the greenery and the peace from the terraces. At night you will feel an arty and trendy living and find some good and reasonable restaurants. The apartment's placement also makes getting to the Sacre Coeur quick and easy (You are less than 2 minut
32921		Studio équipé : cuisine aménagée (vaisselle incluse) salle de bains (douche) et toilettes (sèche-cheveux, serviettes fournies, sèche-serviettes)  Parquet - Lit deux places Vue sur le Sacré coeur, juste au pied des jardins de la butte Montmartre Un quartier mythique, vivant, populaire et charmant à la fois. Juste à côté de l'appartement, rue André del Sarte, découvrez les charmes parisiens : boutique stock APC, escaliers menant à de ravissantes petites placettes, cafés...  En descendant vers le carrefour de Barbès, profitez de la nouvelle brasserie Barbès, the place to be en ce moment ! En face, le cinéma le Louxor, aux décors néo-égyptiens, restauré il y a deux ans. Prenez le bus 85 et vous êtes en un clin d'oeil aux puces de Saint-Ouen ou plus bas, dans le 9E arrondissement. Métros Anvers ou Barbès-Rochechouart Bus 85
32922	The apartment is in a very quiet street and is located in the heart of a popular and sought / Pigalle / Canal Saint Martin neighborhood Barbes known for its monuments and streets as well as it's unique atmosphere.  It is on the 5th floor (no elevator). It is through light. The sun rises next room and kitchen (ideal for having breakfast in the sun) and it sets next room ideal for an aperitif in the sun on the balcony.  Size: 45m2  The lobby is very large dessert all the rooms of the apartment.  The shower room is tidy but functional.  The lounge is very large: with a sofa bed and a double mattress in addition depend to the number of people who rent the flat. The living room has lots of character with fireplace, molding and balcony.  Bedroom: king size bed (double bed where you can sleep 3) and a large wardrobe with large mirrors.	Beautiful apartment of 45m ² well situated. Underground : Stops near La Chapelle, Barbes and 5 minutes walk from the Gare du Nord. You will reach Montmartre in 15 min by walk.  The accommodation is very bright and has a balcony. The apartment is in a very quiet street and is located in the heart of a popular and sought / Pigalle / Canal Saint Martin neighborhood Barbes known for its monuments and streets as well as it's unique atmosphere.  It is on the 5th floor (no elevator). It is through light. The sun rises next room and kitchen (ideal for having breakfast in the sun) and it sets next room ideal for an aperitif in the sun on the balcony.  Size: 45m2  The lobby is very large dessert all the rooms of the apartment.  The shower room is tidy but functional.  The lounge is very large: with a sofa bed and a double mattress in addition depend to the number of people who rent the flat. The living room has lots of character with fireplace, molding and balcony.  Bedroom: king size bed (doubl
32923	Vu imprenable sur le sacré coeur  Rue vivante, resto bars ... Appartement très calme ! 	Spacious and comfortable duplex right in the thick of the color, culture and charm that is Montmartre. Clean, modern and minimalist design in a quiet building. Ideal for a couple. Well-equipped for a relaxed and hassle-free holiday, including wi-fi i
32924	A beautiful luminous and quiet apartment, in the last floor of a typical Parisian building. A Senseo coffee machine, to enjoy breakfast at home with the sun coming in trough the windows. Being at a walking distance from Montmartre, and only 2 blocks from metro station. 	Just 15min walking to Montmartre, 2min walking from 2 metro lines. Recently renewed apartment in one of the best neighborhoods in Paris. Very luminous, with double bed, a separated and fully equipped kitchen, a beautiful bathroom with bathtub.    A beautiful luminous and quiet apartment, in the last floor of a typical Parisian building. A Senseo coffee machine, to enjoy breakfast at home with the sun coming in trough the windows. Being at a walking distance from Montmartre, and only 2 blocks from metro station.  Being at a walking distance from Montmartre, and only 2 blocks from metro station.  Note, 6 floor, no lifting. Depending on the period. But I be always reachable and willing to help and give advices.  Having Montmartre as the heart of the neighborhood 18, this has become my favorite quartier in Paris.  Perfect to walk and discover the little cute streets in Paris. My apartment has very easy access by Metro (ligne 4 and 12), many buses, and public bicycles stations a just 2 bloc
32925	access to kitchen and living room.	artistic and clear bedroom, comfortable and luminous with tv cable and internet connexion. Quiet. Room 20m2 in apartment 50m2
32926	A beautiful apartment at the 5th floor with elevator in an old building with a double living room. Full south, sunny all day. Bedroom on a quiet little street. Hard wood floor, two (website hidden) / Internet / washing machine / cooker with oven / microwave. Bathroom with tub. Balcony, small terrace with table and two chairs. Proximity Abesses / Montmartre (10 minutes walk). All commodities in the neighbourhood (, supermarket, bakery, etc ...). The area is typically Parisian and is surrounded by small shops and restaurants. There's a typical Parisian market twice a week on the street where there are high quality products from small producers do (really pleasant!). Subways (lines 13 and 12) at 5 minutes walking and bus down the street. The apartment is very quiet and ideal for relaxing. All the main attractions of Paris are easily accessible through subways passing next to the apartment.	A beautiful apartment at the 5th floor with elevator in an old building with a double living room. Full south, sunny all day. Bedroom on a quiet little street. Hard wood floor, two (website hidden) / Internet / washing machine / cooker with oven / microwave. Bathroom with tub. Balcony, small terrace with table and two chairs. Proximity Abesses / Montmartre (10 minutes walk). All commodities in the neighbourhood (, supermarket, bakery, etc ...). The area is typically Parisian and is surrounded by small shops and restaurants. There's a typical Parisian market twice a week on the street where there are high quality products from small producers do (really pleasant!). Subways (lines 13 and 12) at 5 minutes walking and bus down the street. The apartment is very quiet and ideal for relaxing. All the main attractions of Paris are easily accessible through subways passing next to the apartment.
32927	L'appartement se trouve dans une rue très calme et se situe au cœur d'un quartier populaire et recherché Montmartre / Barbès / Pigalle / Canal Saint Martin connus pour ses monuments et ses rues ainsi que son ambiance unique. L'appartement est traversant et très lumineux. tout au long de la journée. Le soleil se lève côté chambre et cuisine, idéal pour prendre son petit déjeuner au soleil, et il se couche côté salon, idéal pour prendre un apéritif en plein soleil sur le balcon. L'entrée est très grande est dessert l'ensemble des pièces de l'appartement. La salle de douche est petite mais très fonctionnelle. Le salon est très grand avec un canapé convertible ( + un matelas double en fonction du nombre de personnes). Le salon a beaucoup de cachet avec cheminé, parquet au sol, moulure et balcon. Hifi et Wifi sont à votre disposition. La chambre dispose d'un lit King Size ainsi qu'une grande penderie avec de grands miroirs. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, mach	Bel appartement de 2-3 pièces, 45m² idéalement situé dans Paris (proche du Sacré Cœur) avec un joli balcon (exposition plein sud). Proche des arrêts de métro La Chapelle, Barbès Rochechouart et Gare du Nord. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue très calme et se situe au cœur d'un quartier populaire et recherché Montmartre / Barbès / Pigalle / Canal Saint Martin connus pour ses monuments et ses rues ainsi que son ambiance unique. L'appartement est traversant et très lumineux. tout au long de la journée. Le soleil se lève côté chambre et cuisine, idéal pour prendre son petit déjeuner au soleil, et il se couche côté salon, idéal pour prendre un apéritif en plein soleil sur le balcon. L'entrée est très grande est dessert l'ensemble des pièces de l'appartement. La salle de douche est petite mais très fonctionnelle. Le salon est très grand avec un canapé convertible ( + un matelas double en fonction du nombre de personnes). Le salon a beaucoup de cachet avec cheminé, parquet au sol, moulure 
32928	L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec un lit double, et d'un séjour avec cuisine ouverte avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir une personne, et en bonus d'un petit balcon vous permettant de profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris... 	"L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec un lit double, et d'un séjour avec cuisine ouverte avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir une personne, et en bonus d'un petit balcon vous permettant de profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris... L'appartement se situe dans le 18eme arrondissement, au pied de la butte Montmartre, dans un quartier très vivant (nombreux bars à proximité notamment vers le métro""Lamarck Caulaincourt"") et commerçant (tous les commerces de proximité à 5 min à pied: supermarché, boulangerie...(rue Ordener et rue du Poteau). Et pour les ballades plus touristiques: la butte Montmartre se trouve à environ 20 minutes à pied...ainsi que les puces de Saint-Ouen... L'appartement est accessible par plusieurs lignes de métro: -ligne 12, stations Jules Joffrin ou Lamarck Caulaincourt à 10 min à pied -ligne 4, station Simplon à également 10 min -40 min de l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle en transport en commun Et également de nombreux bus (85 et 95) desservant le centre de"
32929	This 40m2 flat is perfect for your stay in Paris and can host maximum 4 people. It is composed with a big living room with a sofa bed and a bedroom with a kingsize bed. Also a fully equiped kitchen and bathroom with a bath. The real advantage of this apartment is indeniably the balcony, where you can have a d rink or eat breakfast while being outside.	Come and have a real parisian experience in the heart of the 18th district. I was born in the neighbourhood and I wouldn't see me living anywhere else. One of Paris' most vibrant and cool district i would say! Come and see for yourself :) This 40m2 flat is perfect for your stay in Paris and can host maximum 4 people. It is composed with a big living room with a sofa bed and a bedroom with a kingsize bed. Also a fully equiped kitchen and bathroom with a bath. The real advantage of this apartment is indeniably the balcony, where you can have a d rink or eat breakfast while being outside. all the apartment will be yours The 18th district of Paris is the most vibrant of the city i'd like to think. It is full with bars and restaurants and places to party. Poteau street and its market are famous and Montmartre is only 15mn of walk away from the house. The flea market is at a 10minute walk. 5mn : metro jules joffrin line 12 3mn : metro porte de clignancourt line 4 10mn : metro guy mocquet lin
32930	2 pièces modulable en 3 pièces 50M2 1 lit double 1 canapé modulable en lit double 	"Quiet and luminous flat Very sunny and clear. Perfectly located in the Quartier de Montmartre in Paris and near from Moulin-Rouge .This location is ideal if you want enjoy the authentic Paris in Montmartre or experimenting Paris by Night at Pigalle.  metro abbesses ou lamarck sur la ligne 12 bus 80,95,57`...rer, gare saint lazare a 15 minutes en bus adress :  11 rue norvins 75018 Paris  intercom : a&b GALIBERT  floor : 2 (right)  from the gare du nord : you can take the subway line 2 / the station is ""anvers"" you have to ""climb"" the butte montmartre with the stairs in front  of the sacré coeur (you can t miss it :-) )  or take the ""funiculaire"" of montmarte (beside the stairs)  then, go to the place du terte and take the street ""Norvins""  then cross the place jean baptiste clément, and continue on the rue NOrvins until the 11 . green door.  other way :  line 12 / station abesses (same way ; clinb the butte montarte we are ont the top :-)  bus : line 80 (station lamarck caulaincours ; t"
32931		indisponible
32932	Appartement de 66m² à 5 minutes à pied de Montmartre, très calme et lumineux (situé sur cour); l'appartement est à la sortie du métro Château-rouge (station à 15 minutes des Halles), . 	66m², lumineux et calme à 5 minutes à pied de Montmartre et 15 minutes en métro du centre de Paris, cet appartement peut accueillir 5 personnes. Appartement de 66m² à 5 minutes à pied de Montmartre, très calme et lumineux (situé sur cour); l'appartement est à la sortie du métro Château-rouge (station à 15 minutes des Halles), . Grande pièce à vivre de 30 m2 : Salon avec canapé et cuisine équipée. 1 chambre de 15m² (un lit deux places en 160cm), donnant sur une salle de bains avec baignoire, lavabo, lave-linge.  1 chambre de 13m² (un lit 2 places et un lit une place) Salle de douche (douche + lavabo), wc séparés Linge fourni (draps ; serviettes)  Téléphone gratuit sur fixe et à l'étranger selon la liste ;  Accès internet haut débit + Wifi   Possibilité de louer un box 7 nuits minimum English Spoken Quartier vivant, tous commerces à proximité, ouverts tard et tous les jours week end compris. Le sacré Coeur est à 5 minutes à pied, le quartier des Abbesses également. Grandes facilités de t
32933	All our rooms area mix of  antiques and design furniture.	Le Jardin de Montmartre is a luxury Bed & Breakfast. Located in Montmartre the artists district, the house has just been renovated by an architect and an interior design. You will like this room for its original design. All our rooms area mix of  antiques and design furniture. the guests can have access to the living room and the garden. We make the breakfast for our guests ans can be present or discreet as they want. The neighborhood is very artsy. Picasso had it's first studio near the house. It is also close to the Sacré-Coeur. Close to the RER that takes you to the airports and to Abbesse métro station
32934		If you look for a cosy room with an unique view on Sacre Coeur in the heart of Paris, we are more than happy to host you in our authentic parisian apartment (5th floor) at the foot of Montmartre. Access to all appartment
32935	The view is so open that you feel like in front of the ocean, but with a very urban landscape ! Just in front there is a new great place with international shops and bars.	Welcome in my 2 rooms apartment on the fift and last floor (without lift!) with a great an open view on the East, over the roof of the Halle Pajol with is youth hostel, library, internationals shops and bars. The district is great with nice food. The view is so open that you feel like in front of the ocean, but with a very urban landscape ! Just in front there is a new great place with international shops and bars. You've got an access in all spaces of the flat. The WC are in the stair, shared with one neighbor. They're clean and with a nice west sunset view on Montmartre's Sacré Coeur ! You'll be able to join me by phone since I'm not in Paris, but my neighbor will receive you and be there in case of needs. There is greats squares to spend time outside (jardin rosa luxembourg and jardin Eole), undergrounds places (the shakirail, the ground control), great places to eat and have a drink all around the Olive's Market. Near the 104 ((website hidden)), cultural place and two greats artist
32936	This cute studio is perfect for a lovely week end in Paris. Near Montmartre, shops, subway... The flat is on the 6 th floor. It is very bright and sunny, west exposed. There are a lot of windows. The flat offers a double bed very confortable for two people. The bathroom is composed by a shower, a wash basin and the toilets. There is an american kitchen with all you need to cook ( with cooktop, an oven, fridge, frizzer, a kettle, a washing machine who can dryetc...) Metro stations : Guy Moquet (Line 13 - 6 minutes by foot) Porte de Saint Ouen (Line 4 - 12 minutes by foot) Lamarck Caullaincourt (Line 12 - 8 minutes by foot) Bus : Line 31 - Montmartrobus You will find very close from the flat a big supermarket (Carrefour - 4 minutes by foot) and a Monoprix just in front of the flat. There are also very close bakery, butcher's shop, pharmacy, etc... It is face to a church and a little stadium for athletics and courageous.	This cute studio is perfect for a lovely week end in Paris. Near Montmartre, shops, subway... The flat is on the 6 th floor. It is very bright and sunny, west exposed. There are a lot of windows. The flat offers a double bed very confortable for two people. The bathroom is composed by a shower, a wash basin and the toilets. There is an american kitchen with all you need to cook ( with cooktop, an oven, fridge, frizzer, a kettle, a washing machine who can dryetc...) Metro stations : Guy Moquet (Line 13 - 6 minutes by foot) Porte de Saint Ouen (Line 4 - 12 minutes by foot) Lamarck Caullaincourt (Line 12 - 8 minutes by foot) Bus : Line 31 - Montmartrobus You will find very close from the flat a big supermarket (Carrefour - 4 minutes by foot) and a Monoprix just in front of the flat. There are also very close bakery, butcher's shop, pharmacy, etc... It is face to a church and a little stadium for athletics and courageous.
32937	Hello Studio of 24 m² (can accommodate up to 3 guests Real studio with a large main room of 17m², fitted equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom 6m² the main room of 18 m² includes a) a real bed 140 x190 b) a table and 3 chairs c) a sofa bed  d) wardrobe and chest of drawers the kitchchenette is fully equipped a) refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, etc. b) necessary for cooking: pots, pans, Dutch oven etc. c) plates, knives forks etc etc the bathroom has a tub-shower, sink, toilet and furniture a large window with double glazing (although muticulturel neighborhood is quiet and safe) sheets, pillows duvets are of course provided bathrobe towels and toiletries provided, washing machine and dryer available near the subway line 2 to 70 meters and -4-5 and RER (Réseau Express Régional) B and D at 200 meters 3 points Velib within 50 meters (bicycle ... 1 point Autolib within 100 meters RER B takes you to Roissy-Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports North Station a few minutes takes you d	Studio exposed south very bright, modern and functional furnishing    Hello Studio of 24 m² (can accommodate up to 3 guests Real studio with a large main room of 17m², fitted equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom 6m² the main room of 18 m² includes a) a real bed 140 x190 b) a table and 3 chairs c) a sofa bed  d) wardrobe and chest of drawers the kitchchenette is fully equipped a) refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, etc. b) necessary for cooking: pots, pans, Dutch oven etc. c) plates, knives forks etc etc the bathroom has a tub-shower, sink, toilet and furniture a large window with double glazing (although muticulturel neighborhood is quiet and safe) sheets, pillows duvets are of course provided bathrobe towels and toiletries provided, washing machine and dryer available near the subway line 2 to 70 meters and -4-5 and RER (Réseau Express Régional) B and D at 200 meters 3 points Velib within 50 meters (bicycle ... 1 point Autolib within 100 meters RER B takes you to Roissy-Charl
32938	"Excellent location in the heart of Montmartre, (50meters from the Sacré Coeur) at walking distance of Pigalle and the Grands Magasins -   This cosy appartment with an African decoration will provide you with a perfect escape and a ""village"" feel while in the heart of bustling Paris. It has a fully equipped kitchen and open living room to a small terrace where you can have your sunny lunches and romantic diners on the outside table. Ideal for a couple or a family of 2 to 4 children, it offers one large bed in the first bedroom and a double bed bedroom with a baby cott available as well as an extra mattress. It is located in a former convent annex."	"Artistic duplex ""like a house"" in the best area of Montmartre (Abbesses). Large living and open kitchen open on a sunny terrace lined with ivy and flowers. Parental room upstairs and second room with adult size bunk beds. Ideal for a family of 4/6. Excellent location in the heart of Montmartre, (50meters from the Sacré Coeur) at walking distance of Pigalle and the Grands Magasins -   This cosy appartment with an African decoration will provide you with a perfect escape and a ""village"" feel while in the heart of bustling Paris. It has a fully equipped kitchen and open living room to a small terrace where you can have your sunny lunches and romantic diners on the outside table. Ideal for a couple or a family of 2 to 4 children, it offers one large bed in the first bedroom and a double bed bedroom with a baby cott available as well as an extra mattress. It is located in a former convent annex. Fully equipped kitchen washing/drying machine,  Nespresso coffee maker,  micro-wave  dish-washer"
32939	Welcome to Montmartre ! Another magnificent garden view for this quiet studio on floor 1 (floor 2 for US standards), with a view on green biological space in Montmartre. Sleeps : up to 4 people (sofa bed for 3rd  and 4th person).  Floor : 1st floor (by the stairs) (2nd floor for US Standard) Subway: Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 30 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. We provide you with a guide for the apartment and the area. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A sofa bed for a third person and fourth person, 140cm x 200xm. A few steps away from Sacré Coeur (100 meters away) and Le Moulin Rouge (1 000 meters away ). Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open markets.  Concert halls : Divan du Monde - La Cigale - La Machine du Moulin Rouge Indie movie theatre: in	Feel the warm and delicate village atmosphere of this studio in the heart of Montmartre / Les Abbesses village.  Welcome to Montmartre ! Another magnificent garden view for this quiet studio on floor 1 (floor 2 for US standards), with a view on green biological space in Montmartre. Sleeps : up to 4 people (sofa bed for 3rd  and 4th person).  Floor : 1st floor (by the stairs) (2nd floor for US Standard) Subway: Abbesses (L12) Surface area: 30 m2 Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. We provide you with a guide for the apartment and the area. High standard sleeping :  - A luxury standard double bed in the bedroom : 160cm x 200 cm, - A sofa bed for a third person and fourth person, 140cm x 200xm. A few steps away from Sacré Coeur (100 meters away) and Le Moulin Rouge (1 000 meters away ). Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and sever
32940	Certainly the most cosy flat in Paris.  You will have the key for the flat so you can go in and out as you want. If you don't fancy going out for dinner, there a is fully equipped kitchen (hobs, oven, micro-wave, raclette machine, toaster). The living-room is perfect to gather together, chill out and talk after a day wandering around Paris. Also, the flat is located in a neighbourhood that many people range on the top of Parisian neighborhoods (especially tourists). Therefore, you don't necessarily need to take public transports. You can have fun and see a lot even if you just stay around the flat. The bedroom is quite big, with a very comfi bed and a shower room.  This is the only shower room in the flat (there is separate toilet and sink though) but Cécile will use it only when you're away.  To get to the toilet room you need to cross the kitchen (Yeah, Parisian flat...). It has never bothered anybody but we still prefer to mention.	1 double bedroom to rent in a 2 bedrooms + living-room appt. The flat is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful and recently refurbished building. Based in Abbesses, a fantastic neighborhood ! You will have your own key. Certainly the most cosy flat in Paris.  You will have the key for the flat so you can go in and out as you want. If you don't fancy going out for dinner, there a is fully equipped kitchen (hobs, oven, micro-wave, raclette machine, toaster). The living-room is perfect to gather together, chill out and talk after a day wandering around Paris. Also, the flat is located in a neighbourhood that many people range on the top of Parisian neighborhoods (especially tourists). Therefore, you don't necessarily need to take public transports. You can have fun and see a lot even if you just stay around the flat. The bedroom is quite big, with a very comfi bed and a shower room.  This is the only shower room in the flat (there is separate toilet and sink though) but Cécile will use 
32941	1076ft duplex + terrace with clear view of the Sacred Heart (430ft). Our apartment is located in the 18th district, 200 meters from the Metro Chateau Rouge (line 4 and 12) in a multicultural and living area. Montmartre and the Basilica of the sacred heart are within 10 minutes walk. Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge are a 15 minutes walk or two subway stations. - Modern and confortable building (built in 2011) with wooden floor. - Large living / dining room with four windows overlooking the street and the Sacred Heart. Large dining table can accommodate 6 people. - Quiet room with double bed and a small cupboard to store your belongings. - Fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, fridge-freezer, gas cooker and equipment for people wishing to cook. - Bathroom with bathtub, two sinks, hair dryer and bathroom scales. - Separate WC. - WI-FI, TV, blu-ray player, washing machine, intercom, towels, sheets. The best place of the apartment is the sunny terrace where dinner at sunset and enjoy th	1076ft duplex + terrace with clear view of the Sacred Heart (430ft). Our apartment is located in the 18th district, 200 meters from the Metro Chateau Rouge (line 4 and 12) in a multicultural and living area. Montmartre and the Basilica of the sacred heart are within 10 minutes walk. Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge are a 15 minutes walk or two subway stations. - Modern and confortable building (built in 2011) with wooden floor. - Large living / dining room with four windows overlooking the street and the Sacred Heart. Large dining table can accommodate 6 people. - Quiet room with double bed and a small cupboard to store your belongings. - Fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, fridge-freezer, gas cooker and equipment for people wishing to cook. - Bathroom with bathtub, two sinks, hair dryer and bathroom scales. - Separate WC. - WI-FI, TV, blu-ray player, washing machine, intercom, towels, sheets. The best place of the apartment is the sunny terrace where dinner at sunset and enjoy th
32942	Our appartment has an antik wooden floor and an old fireplace (even thought it's not working anymore !) that gives it a certain style. The windows look onto inner courtyards wich makes the appatrement very quiet. Being on the 6th floor, you have a view on Paris' rooftops and even the point of the Sacré Coeur !	An appartment full of light in a very lively neighourhood, 15 minutes away from Montmatre and the Sacré Coeur. The two metro stations nearby will take you all over Paris.  The
32943	Welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of mythical Butte Montmartre, our village so dear  to so many painters,  poets and lovers. You will get a stunning view of southern Paris from your charming, cozy, quiet, abode which remains very bright throughout the day 25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue Lepic offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazing shops, galleries and craftshops.   In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris :  the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place de la Concorde, the Grand and the Petit Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and so many other famous monuments.  The Studio(18m2)  consists of a main room with  - 2 windows offering a stupendous view of southern Paris - a sleeping area : a double bed of high quality comfort with beautiful linens and a warm cumfo	 Exceptional renewed studio by a designer with gorgeous authentic French decoration and best location in Montmartre (Lepic/Abbesses). Last floor of an old Montmartre building with a lift !! Welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of mythical Butte Montmartre, our village so dear  to so many painters,  poets and lovers. You will get a stunning view of southern Paris from your charming, cozy, quiet, abode which remains very bright throughout the day 25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue Lepic offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazing shops, galleries and craftshops.   In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris :  the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place de la Concorde, the Grand and the Petit Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and so many other famous monuments.  The Studio
32944	Comfortable and cozy apartement, located in a 5 minutes walk to Montmartre and the Sacre Cœur. Located in Jules Joffrin (quiet, clean, nice neighborhood), close to all basic services (plenty of supermarkets, street markets, laundry room, banks, post office, among others) and 2 metro stations (Jules Joffrin line 12, which takes directly to Pigalle, Orsay Museum, Concorde, Madeleine, Champs Elysées; and Marcadet Poissonniers line 4 which grants acces to the center of the city and many touristic areas like St. Michel, the latin neighborhood, Notre-Dame, Odéon). The apartment is also near the famous and typical flea market of Saint Ouen. With 30 square meters (322 square feet) located on ground floor, it includes a big main room, a washroom and toilet (in separated rooms), a kitchen completely equiped with vitroceramic cooking plates, an oven, microwaves and fridge. The Apartement also has a small private patio. For your comfort i lend you a cellphone with a french number for you to use it	Comfortable and cozy apartement, located in a 5 minutes walk to Montmartre and the Sacre Cœur. Located in Jules Joffrin (quiet, clean, nice neighborhood), close to all basic services (plenty of supermarkets, street markets, laundry room, banks, post office, among others) and 2 metro stations (Jules Joffrin line 12, which takes directly to Pigalle, Orsay Museum, Concorde, Madeleine, Champs Elysées; and Marcadet Poissonniers line 4 which grants acces to the center of the city and many touristic areas like St. Michel, the latin neighborhood, Notre-Dame, Odéon). The apartment is also near the famous and typical flea market of Saint Ouen. With 30 square meters (322 square feet) located on ground floor, it includes a big main room, a washroom and toilet (in separated rooms), a kitchen completely equiped with vitroceramic cooking plates, an oven, microwaves and fridge. The Apartement also has a small private patio. For your comfort i lend you a cellphone with a french number for you to use it
32945	You need a short stay in Paris? Why not staying in my lovely little studio flat on the slopes of Montmartre? It is ideal for one or 2 persons, rue de la Fontaine du But, two steps from Lamarck-Caulaincourt tube station and all the main spots in Montmartre (Place des Abbesses, Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur with panoramic view, Place du Tertre, Moulin de la Galette, the Dali museum, Pigalle’s night-life), and close to all amenities (post-office, bank, supermarket (8am – 9pm), bakery, grocery, street market, swimming pool, cinema, pharmacy 24h etc). The neighborhood is lively, both residential and touristy. The apartment is luminous with 3 large windows. There is 1 double bed and a single sofabed (3 people can sleep in total - perfect for young couple, or couple with a kid, or group of student friends). The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking plates, fridge, small oven, coffee maker, toaster, dishes and anything you need to cook, basic products (e.g. coffee, tea, olive-oil, vinegar, salt, 	Ideally located on the slopes of Montmartre, 2 minutes away from Lamarck metro station, this little apartment will make you feel at home instantly.Comfortable, luminous and airy, it enables a peaceful stay in a lively & typical parisian neighborhood. You need a short stay in Paris? Why not staying in my lovely little studio flat on the slopes of Montmartre? It is ideal for one or 2 persons, rue de la Fontaine du But, two steps from Lamarck-Caulaincourt tube station and all the main spots in Montmartre (Place des Abbesses, Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur with panoramic view, Place du Tertre, Moulin de la Galette, the Dali museum, Pigalle’s night-life), and close to all amenities (post-office, bank, supermarket (8am – 9pm), bakery, grocery, street market, swimming pool, cinema, pharmacy 24h etc). The neighborhood is lively, both residential and touristy. The apartment is luminous with 3 large windows. There is 1 double bed and a single sofabed (3 people can sleep in total - perfect for young c
32946	Located 30 meters away from the famous Moulin Rouge, this small but cozy duplex has everything you will need to enjoy your stay in Paris. The apartment consists of a ground floor (with small patio area) plus an underground floor (stairs required all your attention to go down, please note especially if you have a broken leg).  It has been fully renovated (as of November 2011) and includes: digicode secure lock (at entrance), small mezzanine (for two people), a convertible sofa/bed, fridge, hotplates, a REAL oven, coffee maker, dishes, cooking/eating utensils, hard wood floors, individual electric heating, vacuum, washing machine, ADSL highspeed internet, wifi, tv, dvd, iron & ironing board, a desk and chair, shelves & closet hanger, a private toilet, and shower. Clean linen & towels are also provided.    The apartment is perfect for one person, a young couple or a small family. Need more, my neighbor is also an airbnb user, could be fun to come in Paris with friends and rent two apartme	The apartment is perfect for one person, a young couple or a small family. Located in a very attractive district of Montmartre, it's central and really peacefull. In summer you can enjoy my small private yard to dinner, and rest. Located 30 meters away from the famous Moulin Rouge, this small but cozy duplex has everything you will need to enjoy your stay in Paris. The apartment consists of a ground floor (with small patio area) plus an underground floor (stairs required all your attention to go down, please note especially if you have a broken leg).  It has been fully renovated (as of November 2011) and includes: digicode secure lock (at entrance), small mezzanine (for two people), a convertible sofa/bed, fridge, hotplates, a REAL oven, coffee maker, dishes, cooking/eating utensils, hard wood floors, individual electric heating, vacuum, washing machine, ADSL highspeed internet, wifi, tv, dvd, iron & ironing board, a desk and chair, shelves & closet hanger, a private toilet, and shower
32947	Tout confort tel wifi machine à laver lit	Appartement situer à 15 mn de Montmartre  En plein centre Paris ,actif du métro La Chapelle ligne 2 , Marx-dormoy ligne 12 et barbes-Rochechouart ligne 4 Tout confort tel wifi machine à laver lit A 20 mn de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle  Près du métro 5 mn Oui Quartier populaire et pas chère Metro bus vélib voiture electric
32948	F2 spacieux de 42 m² (bien agencé : aucune perte de place) et lumineux, situé au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur dans un quartier agréable à proximité des commerces et des transports. L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon comprenant une cuisine américaine équipée (plaques de cuisson en céramique, cafetière, grille-pain, four traditionnel, vaisselles et plats,...), d'une jolie chambre au calme avec lit double et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Vous disposerez de la Fibre Internet et de rangements.	F2 très clair et spacieux au 3è étage dans un quartier vivant, idéalement situé entre le quai St Martin et Montmartre. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 pers. Salon, cuisine américaine équipée, jolie chambre, sdb avec baignoire et lave linge F2 spacieux de 42 m² (bien agencé : aucune perte de place) et lumineux, situé au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur dans un quartier agréable à proximité des commerces et des transports. L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon comprenant une cuisine américaine équipée (plaques de cuisson en céramique, cafetière, grille-pain, four traditionnel, vaisselles et plats,...), d'une jolie chambre au calme avec lit double et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Vous disposerez de la Fibre Internet et de rangements. L'appartement sera entièrement à votre disposition durant votre séjour. Je suis disponible pour informer les voyageurs de toutes informations qui leurs seront nécessaires, pour le logement ou pour la découverte de la ville et du quartier. Situé à 5 minut
32949	The flat is 40 square meters large, with a 20 square meters with double windows living / dinning room and a large separate kitchen all included. This is lightly all day long and quite calm. Bedroom and bathroom are small but very comfortable. The sofa in the living room can be used for a few nights also so you can stay at 4 people during your stay in Paris. You will enjoy the charm of this typically Parisian flat : masterpiece, moulding, parquet floor. The neighborhood is very animated, cheap and safe (it is the African market from 12 am to 7 pm) and only at 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur and the romantic village of Montmartre.	You we love the charm of a typical Parisian 2 rooms apartment, lightly (4th floor) and calm (courtyard). 10 min walk from Montmartre and 20 min walk from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. Full of shops and cafés, subway station within 3 min walk. Enjoy ! The flat is 40 square meters large, with a 20 square meters with double windows living / dinning room and a large separate kitchen all included. This is lightly all day long and quite calm. Bedroom and bathroom are small but very comfortable. The sofa in the living room can be used for a few nights also so you can stay at 4 people during your stay in Paris. You will enjoy the charm of this typically Parisian flat : masterpiece, moulding, parquet floor. The neighborhood is very animated, cheap and safe (it is the African market from 12 am to 7 pm) and only at 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur and the romantic village of Montmartre. I will prepare everything so as you could enjoy the best of Montmartre, but you can call me for everything y
32950		Studio de 18 m² (canapé lit), très mignon et bien placé.  Cuisine équipée et salle de bain assez spacieuse.  4ème étage avec ascenseur, vue dégagée. Quartier très sympathique (commerces, bars et marchés), proche Pigalle et Lamarck.
32951		Je vis dans l'appartement. Le tarif indiqué correspond à la location de la chambre (1 ou 2 voyageurs). Si vous êtes un groupe à partir de 3 personnes, je propose la location de l'appartement entier. Dans ce cas, je quitte le logement pendant la période convenue. Il est possible d' héberger jusqu'à 4 ou 5 personnes. Quant aux couchages, il y a un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé-lit dans le salon ainsi qu'un matelas d'appoint à mettre par terre, tous bien confortables.
32952	L'appartamento comprende un ingresso, una camera con un comodo letto matrimoniale, un soggiorno, la cucina separata e il bagno. E' un alloggio silenzioso, perché non si affaccia sulla strada. Sarete al quinto piano e vi godrete il cielo parigino.... davvero un bello spettacolo!	Bienvenue dans mon appartement!  lumineux, calme, très agréable, bien désservi par le métro, il sera un point de départ idéal pour des balades vers Montmartre, le marché aux Puces ou... Paris tout entièr! C'est un quartier très accueillant, populaire, en pleine effervescence. La mixité des gens et des cultures crée un univers riche et authentique, au délà des clichés parisiens. Des bars et des restaurants très sympas sauront vous accueillir, au pied de la célèbre Butte Montmartre. L'appartement est à deux  pas de la ligne 4 (Porte de Clignancourt et Simplon) et de la ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin). Il est également désservi par plusieurs lignes de bus (56, 85, 60, PC).
32953	Très grande luminosité, très peu de vis-à-vis. Très belle vue sur le sacré-coeur ! 	Ce deux pièces très lumineux, confortable et fonctionnel peut accueillir deux personnes.  cuisine séparée avec commodités courantes. Coin douche/lavabo. WC séparé. Chambre avec lit deux places. Canapé-Lit 1 place dans le salon. Wifi disponible.  Très grande luminosité, très peu de vis-à-vis. Très belle vue sur le sacré-coeur ! WIfi disponible.  J'aimerais être présent lors de la remise des clés. Nombreux commerces et restaurations rapides ouvertes 7j/7. Proximité métro et de gare du nord. Quelques minutes de marche et vous êtes plongés dans des ambiances très différentes : bassin de la Villette et ses cinémas , le 104 , le quartier indien de Gare du Nord, les rives du canal saint-Martin. Bref, nombreuses ballades très sympas à pied depuis l'appartement ! Métros à une centaine de mètres de l'appartement (lignes 2, 5 et 7).  Gare du Nord à pied en 10 minutes.  Station Velib (vélos en accès libre moyennant un forfait journalier d'environ 2 euros) au pied de l'immeuble.  De l'aéroport Rois
32954	Beautiful apartment of 2/3 rooms, very shiny thanks to Montmartre's vibes. It is composed of a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and toilet. It is perfect for your stay in French capital!	Beautiful apartment of 2/3 rooms, very shiny thanks to Montmartre's vibes. It is composed of a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and toilet. It is perfect for your stay in French capital! Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of the tenant and the renter, the price, dates, rules of responsible conduct, the re
32955	On Berthe street, the flat is surrounded by very good restaurants and is one of the nearest flat from the sacré cœur.	I am living for the holidays so my lovely flat in Montmartre is available for renting. It is paradise because it is in the first and last level so no noise specially because it is in a Small residence with a little courtyard. The view is perfect on On Berthe street, the flat is surrounded by very good restaurants and is one of the nearest flat from the sacré cœur. The flat if at the first level at the right side and I can give you the keys when you come or one of my neighborhood friend can do it to I will be available any time even if I will be in Singapore but I have wechat facebook whatsapp and viber and many friends in the neighborhood It is an historic, artistic and atypical area their is a lot of things to do their, like visit the sacré cœur, Von Gogh or Dalida’s houses or just stroll in the Small Streets of Montmartre. You are in France so you have to eat local and their is a lot of restaurants in the Abbess street (2 minutes wok) or in Lepic street. Underground : line 12 at Abbe
32956	"45 square meters 2 rooms and a bathroom in a cosy and confortable haussmanian appartement (19th c.). You'll find french touch at it's best with an interior design oscillating between traditional and modern styles. The open kitchen is fully equiped (stove with range and oven, fridge, microwave...). There is a sofa bed (with a mattress of 6 centimeters) on the secondary living room. Bed sheets and towels are provided. You will have acces to wifi, a large television(cable), dvd player and bookcases. With the metro station (Marx Dormoy, l.12) only a few meters away, you will have easy access to Pigalle, Anvers, Abbesses in less than 10 minutes. 10 min walk to ""Gare du Nord""(RER) train station and ""La Chapelle"" (l.2) metro station. An english guide to Paris and a list of my top restaurants and addresses will let you discover the greatest cosmopolitan and romantic places! Please respect the appartment as if it was yours and the building with its neighbourhood."	"Near Montmartre and shops.  At 10-minute la Chapelle and 1 minutes of Marx Dormoy subway (located 3 stations of Pigalle, Abbesses, Montmartre).  The apartment has all the modern amenities, including towels and bed linen are provided as well. 45 square meters 2 rooms and a bathroom in a cosy and confortable haussmanian appartement (19th c.). You'll find french touch at it's best with an interior design oscillating between traditional and modern styles. The open kitchen is fully equiped (stove with range and oven, fridge, microwave...). There is a sofa bed (with a mattress of 6 centimeters) on the secondary living room. Bed sheets and towels are provided. You will have acces to wifi, a large television(cable), dvd player and bookcases. With the metro station (Marx Dormoy, l.12) only a few meters away, you will have easy access to Pigalle, Anvers, Abbesses in less than 10 minutes. 10 min walk to ""Gare du Nord""(RER) train station and ""La Chapelle"" (l.2) metro station. An english guide to P"
32957		Perfect appartment for a couple wanting to discover Paris. 2 minutes walking from Le Sacré Coeur, its location 
32958	It is delightful flat with its exposed beams, it is a very very charming place! 	"It is delightful flat with its exposed beams, it is a very very charming place! You will be near ""Moulin Rouge"" and ""Sacré Coeur"" Basilica and near the best overview on Paris at the top of the hill.  I will give you some good tips about Paris when you will come My place is near an area called ""les Abbesses"", a very cute place in Paris, near the white Sacré Coeur Basilica. You can come with the Abbesses tube station (line 12) or the Pigalle tube station (ligne 2 or 12)"
32959	- Bottom of Montmartre, between Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur - Located in a private & charming passage rue Lepic... in front of Amélie café ! - 2 to 4 p. (comfortable sofa bed in living room) - Full Equipment - 1st floor	- En bas de la butte Montmartre, à 2 pas du Moulin Rouge et du Sacré Cœur - Dans un passage privé et typique de la rue Lepic - 2 à 4 personnes (convertible confortable dans le salon) - Tout équipé - 1er étage - Bottom of Montmartre, between Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur - Located in a private & charming passage rue Lepic... in front of Amélie café ! - 2 to 4 p. (comfortable sofa bed in living room) - Full Equipment - 1st floor
32960	The apartment is located on the third  and final floor of a typical building in Montmartre. The apartment sits on a picturesque cobbled lane. Passing the porch, you enter a beautiful garden which is shared by only two occupants of the building. The entrance is through a small door just before the garden. You climb three floors of stairs (there is no elevator). Here you enter the apartment. Looking out to the magnificent view of the famous vineyards of Montmartre, one immediately feels as though they are home. To the right of the entrance is the clear and bright master bedroom , with a large walk-in shower and the view of the vineyard.  The large living room consists of a giant sofa, piano, and flat screen. It extends into a smaller, more private area that serves as the office and library. It is a very pleasant spot to write or read a book .There is also a rowing machine that you may use for daily exercise.  To the left of the entrance are two smaller rooms, perfectly suited for teenage	Bohemian chic atmosphere in this quaint apartment with a large private terrace and stunning views over the vineyards of Montmartre and the north of Paris. Three rooms makes this perfect for a family stay in a legendary neighborhood. The apartment is located on the third  and final floor of a typical building in Montmartre. The apartment sits on a picturesque cobbled lane. Passing the porch, you enter a beautiful garden which is shared by only two occupants of the building. The entrance is through a small door just before the garden. You climb three floors of stairs (there is no elevator). Here you enter the apartment. Looking out to the magnificent view of the famous vineyards of Montmartre, one immediately feels as though they are home. To the right of the entrance is the clear and bright master bedroom , with a large walk-in shower and the view of the vineyard.  The large living room consists of a giant sofa, piano, and flat screen. It extends into a smaller, more private area that s
32961	Cosy and charming flat in Montmartre, includes a hall, one big room with a double bed and a big and modern kitchen (with a coach which can become a double bed). Ideal for one or two couples and families with children. The kitchen is fully equipped with a big fridge, oven, microwave and all the necessary for cooking.  The bathroom comprises a bath, toilets and a washing machine. The flat is situated in a lively and animated neighbourhood but on a very calm and Parisian street. Big French windows are enlightening the apartment. 	Charming flat in the heart of Paris, in Montmartre district between Moulin Rouge and Sacré Coeur. Ideal for couples and families with children.
32962	"Our apartment is a small ""oasis"" in a bustling neighborhood. It is cozy, comfortable and is situated in a popular and eclectic Paris."	"Apartment of 35m2 , full of charm : 5th floor , flooring, moldings, large windows , balcony in row overlooking the ""Sacré Coeur"". The apartment is ideal for a romantic weekend, with beautiful walks in Montmartre. Impossible to get bored in the 18th area , there is always some stuffs to see, to do, to discover! Our apartment is a small ""oasis"" in a bustling neighborhood. It is cozy, comfortable and is situated in a popular and eclectic Paris. We would be pleased to give you tips and adresses to spend a great stay in Paris. The 18th is a very popular neighborhood full of small very nice restaurants and bars. The prices are affordable there. We recommend the ""Bar du Coin"" in the same street as the apartment, there is a wide selection of beers for fans! The apartment is located between ""metro"" station Jules Joffrin  (city hall of the 18th) on the line 12; and Simplon Line 4. Many buses also leave from Jules Joffrin."
32963	The apartment is located in the 18th arrondissement, quiet with a beautiful terrace and a beautiful view over Paris. Metro Pigalle is 25 meters from the house.The Sacre Coeur and Place de Tertre are not far away, about 20 minutes walk. Sunday in the Rue Lepic and Abesses that are 7 minutes from the apartment you can even make shopping in a busy area. There are caterers, cheese, fruit shops, the supermarket's Carrefour, Monoprix, Picard and shops like 'Bio'.  There's something for every taste. Bars, places where you can hear music, theaters and cinema arround the apartment and of course good restaurants near by. The apartment has a spacious living room with a large Tele, Internet and Wifi very confortable.  The bedroom has a double bed 2 m x 2 m, closets with plenty of storage and the kitchen is fully equipped, with Grill, Oven, Espresso Machine and Frigidaire. Linen is provided and cleaning included when you leave the apartment.	The apartment is located in the 18th arrondissement, quiet with a beautiful terrace and a beautiful view over Paris. Metro Pigalle is 25 meters from the house.The Sacre Coeur and Place de Tertre are not far away, about 20 minutes walk. Sunday in the Rue Lepic and Abesses that are 7 minutes from the apartment you can even make shopping in a busy area. There are caterers, cheese, fruit shops, the supermarket's Carrefour, Monoprix, Picard and shops like 'Bio'.  There's something for every taste. Bars, places where you can hear music, theaters and cinema arround the apartment and of course good restaurants near by. The apartment has a spacious living room with a large Tele, Internet and Wifi very confortable.  The bedroom has a double bed 2 m x 2 m, closets with plenty of storage and the kitchen is fully equipped, with Grill, Oven, Espresso Machine and Frigidaire. Linen is provided and cleaning included when you leave the apartment.
32964		Really nice flat with all you'll need to relax, located just nearby Montmartre and le Sacré-Cœur. I've got really nice neighbours, a functional kitchen, a calm view on a little courtyard, a smooth sound system, a big TV, and some retro video games ;)
32965	Studio typiquement parisien entièrement équipé avec cuisine séparée et grande salle de bain. Situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble calme et sécuritaire, à deux pas des transports, c'est un point de chute idéal pour un séjour dans la capitale. Parisian studio with fully equipped kitchen and large bathroom.  Located on the 2nd floor of a quiet and secure building, close to subway and buses, it is a perfect base for a stay in the capital.	Studio de 30m² typiquement parisien : parquet, tomettes & moulures (10 min du Sacré Coeur, 3 min du métro) 30m ² parisian studio : parquet, tiles & moldings (10 min walking to the Sacré Coeur/Montmartre, 3 min to the subway station) Studio typiquement parisien entièrement équipé avec cuisine séparée et grande salle de bain. Situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble calme et sécuritaire, à deux pas des transports, c'est un point de chute idéal pour un séjour dans la capitale. Parisian studio with fully equipped kitchen and large bathroom.  Located on the 2nd floor of a quiet and secure building, close to subway and buses, it is a perfect base for a stay in the capital. Lave-linge, frigo, internet, TV... Washing machine, refrigerator, internet, TV ... Je suis à votre disposition pour vous laisser les clés et expliquer le fonctionnement si besoin de certains appareils, ensuite.... Faites comme chez vous! I am at your disposal to give you the keys and explain how if need some devices, then .... Ma
32966	Dans un des quartier populaires et atypique de Paris. Quartier animé et multiculturel   commerces divers, marché et transports en commun a proximité.  Proche pigalle et Montmartre. https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/la-chapelle transports a proximite  métro ligne 12+2+4 bus 65... velib autolib	Dans un des quartiers populaires du 18eme arrondissement de paris.  proche de Montmartre, Pigalle... Metro a 5 mim. quartier anime, commerces a proximité, espaces verts... Dans un des quartier populaires et atypique de Paris. Quartier animé et multiculturel   commerces divers, marché et transports en commun a proximité.  Proche pigalle et Montmartre. https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/la-chapelle transports a proximite  métro ligne 12+2+4 bus 65... velib autolib transports a proximite  métro ligne 12+2+4 bus 65... velib autolib
32967	Un appartement tout équipé, refait à neuf, 1 chambre spacieuse ainsi qu'un canapé-lit convertible !	Bienvenue à Paris ! Profitez d'un appartement neuf, tout équipé à deux pas de Montmartre. En amoureux, entre amis ou en famille, l'appartement chaleureux peut accueillir 4 personnes. Proche de toutes les commodités et transport. A très vite ;) Un appartement tout équipé, refait à neuf, 1 chambre spacieuse ainsi qu'un canapé-lit convertible ! Le quartier est typique parisien, les supermarchés, banque, métro sont à 1 min de l'appartement
32968	Charming apartment, in a great neighborhood, next to Montmartre and Gare du Nord.  Beautiful and large living-room, separate kitchen, bathroom. In a quiet building, with a large terrace that you can use.	Nice and pleasant bedroom, in a great neighborhood close to Montmartre and Gare du Nord.  1 living-room, kitchen, and bathroom. Charming apartment, in a great neighborhood, next to Montmartre and Gare du Nord.  Beautiful and large living-room, separate kitchen, bathroom. In a quiet building, with a large terrace that you can use. 2 bedroom with comfortables beds for two, clean and quiet. We are two sisters living together, very sociables and curious. We'll be glad to show you around and give you good advices about Paris. A lovely neighborhood, close to Gare du Nord and Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), with a lot of bars, grocery stores, market places, bookshops... 
32969	Apartment ideal for a couple. The lounge is very comfortable and charming with his guitars on the wall, his club chair and the balcony which allows to enjoy the sun all afternoon . The nice kitchen has a small table for lunch or dinner. Finally, the room with a nice fireplace overlooks a quiet courtyard and a view over the rooftops of Paris .	Charming and cosy one bedroom , very bright and comfortable. In the sunny living room enjoy the flowered balcony. Nice room with fireplace, very quiet. The fully equipped kitchen allows you to prepare good meals or a picnic in Montmartre ! Apartment ideal for a couple. The lounge is very comfortable and charming with his guitars on the wall, his club chair and the balcony which allows to enjoy the sun all afternoon . The nice kitchen has a small table for lunch or dinner. Finally, the room with a nice fireplace overlooks a quiet courtyard and a view over the rooftops of Paris . Wifi The 18th is one of the liveliest areas of Paris. Montmartre is 5min walk from the apartment. The lively Pigalle district is also nearby. Going up Larmarck -Caulaincourt you will find many affordable and delicious restaurants !  I will leave available a good addresses directory :-) Line 4 Château Rouge Line 12 Jules Joffrin ou Lamarck-Caulaincourt
32970	PARIS 18th - Abbesses / Germain Pilon.  In a beautiful apartement with  1 room in an optimal arrangement. Living room with kitchen overlooking a flower-filled courtyard, quiet courtyard, bathroom, separate wc. Geographic Location of the property: The property is located between the rue des Abbesses and the Boulevard de Clichy, many shops are represented Means of transport: • The Metro Abbesses (line 12 - Porte de la Chapelle / Mairie d'Issy) and Metro Pigalle ( Line 2 - Porte Dauphine / Nation) • Buses are also present. Commerce: We find all kinds of shops near the apartment: • Grocery stores, • Bakeries, • Press briefings, • Restaurants, • Post • Supermarkets. All activities are represented in the area. this is the charm of Montmartre paris , 10 minutes from major shops, not far from the Champs Elysees, 2 minutes from the rue Lepic and its merchants. PLEASE TRY TO GIVE A WEEK NOTICE FOR RENTAL SO I CAN GET EVERYTHING READY FOR YOU TO HAVE A LOVELY STAY! Importante:You have to feed two	PARIS 18th - Abbesses / Germain Pilon.  In a beautiful apartement with  1 room in an optimal arrangement. Living room with kitchen overlooking a flower-filled courtyard, quiet courtyard, bathroom, separate wc. Geographic Location of the property: The property is located between the rue des Abbesses and the Boulevard de Clichy, many shops are represented Means of transport: • The Metro Abbesses (line 12 - Porte de la Chapelle / Mairie d'Issy) and Metro Pigalle ( Line 2 - Porte Dauphine / Nation) • Buses are also present. Commerce: We find all kinds of shops near the apartment: • Grocery stores, • Bakeries, • Press briefings, • Restaurants, • Post • Supermarkets. All activities are represented in the area. this is the charm of Montmartre paris , 10 minutes from major shops, not far from the Champs Elysees, 2 minutes from the rue Lepic and its merchants. PLEASE TRY TO GIVE A WEEK NOTICE FOR RENTAL SO I CAN GET EVERYTHING READY FOR YOU TO HAVE A LOVELY STAY! Importante:You have to feed two
32971	Il est parfaitement situé au pied du métro et de tous les commerces. Au pied de la butte Montmartre. Il est tout confort, très clair, sans vis à vis, ascenseur gardien, exposé sud ouest avec un grand balcon	Nice studio 23 m2 in residence, secure with guard, and lift. The metro Jules Joffrin (line 12) not overlooked with balcony is very sunny. Comfortable! 5 minutes of the Sacre Coeur, full of shops and good restaurants. 
32972	"Welcome to Château-rouge in the 18th district of Paris ! You are in of  the most muticultutal neighbourhood of the city next to the lively exotical 'Dejean' market and a 5 minute stroll from Montmartre and its Sacré Coeur. For those who wants to enjoy ""Paris by Night"" the vibrant Pigalle district and its famous Moulin-Rouge and concert venues La Cigale and Le Trianon is only 10 minute walk away. The Château-Rouge undergound stop on line 4 crosses Paris from North to South passing by 3 main train stations Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare Montparnasse and some of the most popular spots of the city : Chatelet-Les Halles and The Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame Cathedral at Saint-Michel or Saint-Germain des Près and its famous Café de Flore. This newly refurbished (modern urban style) first floor flat is a 5 minute walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. The flat has 1 bedroom and a double living room where extra sleeping can be arranged. Facilities include Flat screen TV, DVD pla"	"Fully equipped, newly refurbished and very quiet appartment just a 5 minute stroll from Montmartre and its Sacré Coeur in the lively neighbourhood of Chateau-Rouge. Welcome to Château-rouge in the 18th district of Paris ! You are in of  the most muticultutal neighbourhood of the city next to the lively exotical 'Dejean' market and a 5 minute stroll from Montmartre and its Sacré Coeur. For those who wants to enjoy ""Paris by Night"" the vibrant Pigalle district and its famous Moulin-Rouge and concert venues La Cigale and Le Trianon is only 10 minute walk away. The Château-Rouge undergound stop on line 4 crosses Paris from North to South passing by 3 main train stations Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare Montparnasse and some of the most popular spots of the city : Chatelet-Les Halles and The Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame Cathedral at Saint-Michel or Saint-Germain des Près and its famous Café de Flore. This newly refurbished (modern urban style) first floor flat is a 5 minute walk "
32973	At the bottom of the Butte Montmartre hillock, with sight giving on Sacré-Coeur, superb small 2 parts (25m2), located on the 1st floor, remade entirely to new, very calm, very luminous, much of charm and seal with its floor out of stone of size and its visible beams. The apartment is functional, it comprises: • an entry,  • a kitchen open on stay, with Flat screen TV, an armchair in black leather, • a room with a bed of 160 m X 200 m and a cupboard, whose window gives on Sacré-Coeur, (linen of provided bed), • a shower room with shower (bathroom linen sheets, towels and glove provided), WC and a lava linen/dries linen. All the equipment of the apartment is entirely new (furniture and domestic equipment). Equipment of the kitchen: - a ceramic hob, - a refrigerator with a drawer of freezing, - a range hood, - a mixed microwaves and traditional oven, - kettle, coffee machine, toaster, etc - dishes, pans and frying pans provided.	Come to discover Paris and Montmartre, its painters, the place du Tertre, The Sacré-Coeur, the Moulin-Rouge, etc At the bottom of the Butte Montmartre, with sight on Sacré-Coeur, superb 2 parts, within typical, Ramey village, many buses and trade. At the bottom of the Butte Montmartre hillock, with sight giving on Sacré-Coeur, superb small 2 parts (25m2), located on the 1st floor, remade entirely to new, very calm, very luminous, much of charm and seal with its floor out of stone of size and its visible beams. The apartment is functional, it comprises: • an entry,  • a kitchen open on stay, with Flat screen TV, an armchair in black leather, • a room with a bed of 160 m X 200 m and a cupboard, whose window gives on Sacré-Coeur, (linen of provided bed), • a shower room with shower (bathroom linen sheets, towels and glove provided), WC and a lava linen/dries linen. All the equipment of the apartment is entirely new (furniture and domestic equipment). Equipment of the kitchen: - a ceramic 
32974	This apartment is conveniently located. It is in a multicultural area and close to a lot of places through different subway lines neighborhood. In 15 minutes, you can go for a walk to Montmartre and enjoy the splendid view over the roofs of Paris and stroll through the narrow streets of old Paris. Welcome in my (your) apartment!	55m2 apartment (2 rooms) located 15min walk from Montmartre and 2 minutes from the metro. It consists of a main room large enough, a bedroom, a kitchen, a separate bathroom and toilet. Ideal in Paris! This apartment is conveniently located. It is in a multicultural area and close to a lot of places through different subway lines neighborhood. In 15 minutes, you can go for a walk to Montmartre and enjoy the splendid view over the roofs of Paris and stroll through the narrow streets of old Paris. Welcome in my (your) apartment! The apartment consists of: - A bright living room with dining table, lounge area (sofa and coffee table) and some green plants. - A room overlooking courtyard (so quiet) with a double bed, a desk and access to the bathroom (washbasin and shower). - An equipped kitchen plates, oven, fridge ... - Separate toilet. This apartment is equipped with fast internet (wireless). A supermarket is just across the apartment and there are many shops in the area to shop and a mar
32975	The apartment is a cozy and peaceful place on the court-side of an 1875 building.  It suitable for up to 5 people with one king size bed, two confortable convertible couches  and a baby bed)  The kitchen is open with all utilities included and there is a private bathroom with a washing machine. 	A charming and cosy one-bedroom (bedroom + living Room) located in the most authentic Parisian area: Montmartre. The apartment is a cozy and peaceful place on the court-side of an 1875 building.  It suitable for up to 5 people with one king size bed, two confortable convertible couches  and a baby bed)  The kitchen is open with all utilities included and there is a private bathroom with a washing machine. Cable-TV, Blue-ray Free WIFI Telephone national and international Printer are accessible and free of charge One goal: making yourself feel like home in Paris The area is alive days and nights, the Basilique du Sacrée Cœur (with the most astonish landscape after the Eiffel tower) is just one street away, along with many other monuments, concert halls, theaters, museums, restaurants, bakeries and café... you name it, its probably there! 10 meters from the metro and bus stations Anvers Tourist buses- night buses, funicular, and two other metro lines are at walking distance Ner by is also
32976	Apartment:  **This is a private room renting, not an independent apartment, please read carefully** This listing is for just 1 bedroom which is available when I am present for my guests stay. Please note that the entire apartment (private) is available for rent at selected dates. The apartment has been fully renovated in 2015 and has 4 areas: main bedroom (my room), second bedroom (my guests room), living/dining room and kitchen. It has wi-fi, cable tv and a mass selection of design, art, cinema, architecture and french literature books for your interest. Heating system throughout, typical parisian cafe table for balcony, induction cooktop, fridge, linen and towels included. Exterior traditional shutters on balcony doors.  Open and light filled living and dining space contains a speaker system, brand new danish lounge and 8 seater dining table.  Beautiful and varying views from each living and sleeping space.  Bedroom:  The large sun filled room comfortably sleeps up to 2 people (queen	At the bottom of the Montmartre hill, newly renovated (2015), large and comfortable much loved 71 sqm apartment. Corner positioned on the 5th floor (no elevator) in an Haussmannian building. Balcony wraps around the entire apartment. Apartment:  **This is a private room renting, not an independent apartment, please read carefully** This listing is for just 1 bedroom which is available when I am present for my guests stay. Please note that the entire apartment (private) is available for rent at selected dates. The apartment has been fully renovated in 2015 and has 4 areas: main bedroom (my room), second bedroom (my guests room), living/dining room and kitchen. It has wi-fi, cable tv and a mass selection of design, art, cinema, architecture and french literature books for your interest. Heating system throughout, typical parisian cafe table for balcony, induction cooktop, fridge, linen and towels included. Exterior traditional shutters on balcony doors.  Open and light filled living and 
32977	General apartment description: - Studio Apartment, fully furnished, high security lock on front door.  - View of Sacre Coeur turrets.   - 4th floor, no lift, entry code security system. - Hardwood floors, double paned windows, central heating.  Apartment Location: - Rue Des Trois Frères, 75018 Paris, Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, metro Abbesses, Anvers, Pigalle.  Apartment appliances and equipment: - Linen provided. -  Washing machine, dryer, domestic iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Refrigerator, stove, oven, dinnerware, toaster, coffee machine, kettle.  Furniture: A double sofa bed, a bed table. a dining table, 3 chairs, wardrobe,  cupboards, a TV, a computer table and closets. Open Kitchen. Bathroom: wash basin, separate shower, WC. 5 minutes walking distance from... Museum, monument: Sacre Coeur, Montmartre, Abbesses, place du tertre, Moulin de la galette, le Lapin agile... Restaurants, Supermakets, Pastry Shops, Grocery stores, Butchers shops, Wine Shops, Cheese Shops, Local Street Market, Lau	Welcome! Birds and Bells is a SUNNY AND QUIET studio with view of the Sacre Coeur turrets,  located on Rue des 3 Frères, a few steps from Amélie Poulain's grocery store (Collignon) and only two blocks away from Abbesses metro station. General apartment description: - Studio Apartment, fully furnished, high security lock on front door.  - View of Sacre Coeur turrets.   - 4th floor, no lift, entry code security system. - Hardwood floors, double paned windows, central heating.  Apartment Location: - Rue Des Trois Frères, 75018 Paris, Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, metro Abbesses, Anvers, Pigalle.  Apartment appliances and equipment: - Linen provided. -  Washing machine, dryer, domestic iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Refrigerator, stove, oven, dinnerware, toaster, coffee machine, kettle.  Furniture: A double sofa bed, a bed table. a dining table, 3 chairs, wardrobe,  cupboards, a TV, a computer table and closets. Open Kitchen. Bathroom: wash basin, separate shower, WC. 5 minutes walking distance from.
32978	Cute studio just a few minutes from metro Chateau Rouge. It is fully equipped for 2 people, with a comfy bed, a kitchen (with vitro-ceramic plates and washing machine), and a small shower room. Fast wifi is available; towels and bed linen are provided. The apartment is on the 6th floor, with no elevator.	Welcome! Cute studio just a few minutes from metro Chateau Rouge. It is fully equipped for 2 people, with a comfy bed, a kitchen (with vitro-ceramic plates and washing machine), and a small shower room. Fast wifi is available; towels and bed linen are provided. The apartment is on the 6th floor, with no elevator. Guests will have the studio all for themselves, it is entirely private. The neighbourhood is multicultural, and always buzzing with activity. You will find all the shops you need within a couple minutes walk: -supermarket -bakery -pharmacy -cafes and restaurants Nearest metro station is Chateau Rouge, on line 4. You can walk to Montmartre in about 10 mins, and to Gare du Nord in about 15.
32979	Set back from the busy district, this quiet apartment will receive you in the best conditions for a pleasant stay in Paris. I assure the utmost care for the success of your holiday.	At the top of the hill, at the foot of the Sacred Heart , convenient location , comfortable 2-room 31 m2 , on the ground floor overlooking courtyard , facing south , quiet, in the heart of an old village of the tourist and animated of Paris ... Set back from the busy district, this quiet apartment will receive you in the best conditions for a pleasant stay in Paris. I assure the utmost care for the success of your holiday. By metro line 12 Abbesses station 300 m , or the Montmartrobus , stop 10 m, or Taxi . Arrival discouraged personal car. Sheets and towels are available , wardrobe will remain closed . Thank you for your understanding. Many storage facilities. Cleaning is done by a professional. The keys are available on site at all times. The old village of Paris in a direct line with the Champs Elysees. Metro - Bus - Vélib - stay of one week minimum
32980		Typical cosy & charming Parisian apartment in lively Montmartre.  10mn away from the great Sacré-Coeur, Dali Museum and Flea market. 30m² / 1 bedroom and living-room with extra mattress for 2. Many options for food, bar and excitement !
32981		Petite enclave tranquille face à l'église St-Bernard, au carrefour de quartiers très vivants. L'appartement est accueillant, très lumineux. Parquet, cheminée, moulures, et deux bars juste en bas pour boire son café au soleil ou se restaurer. Je suis Parisienne de naissance, demandez-moi ce que vous voulez je pourrai vous aider dans votre visite de la ville Quartier vivant, populaire, qui devient de plus en plus chic... 10 minutes du RER B Gare du Nord, 5 minutes du métro La Chapelle, 8 minutes de Barbès-Rochechouart
32982	"Perfect for a romantic getaway  our studio is located between the 17th ""arrondissement"" (Les Batignolles for Sunday strollers ) and the 18th ""arrondissement"" (Montmartre for lovers, Pigalles for fun ) 15 minutes by subway from the Stade de France for sporting event. You are just steps from the famous Puces de Saint-Ouen (flee market) for bargain hunters . The whole Paris is a maximum of 40 minutes. An all-white decoration (25m²) reflecting our sunny personality, welcoming and hopefully generous .Very bright with these 5 windows and very quiet since it overlooks the courtyard. It's made up of: - A large living room with sofa bed in the living area with home cinema and library - A table to have breakfast - A kitchen - A shower and a washbasin - Separate toilettes"	"Perfect for a romantic getaway  our studio is located between the 17th ""arrondissement"" (Les Batignolles for Sunday strollers ) and the 18th ""arrondissement"" (Montmartre for lovers, Pigalles for fun ) 15 minutes by subway from the Stade de France for sporting event. You are just steps from the famous Puces de Saint-Ouen (flee market) for bargain hunters . The whole Paris is a maximum of 40 minutes. An all-white decoration (25m²) reflecting our sunny personality, welcoming and hopefully generous .Very bright with these 5 windows and very quiet since it overlooks the courtyard. It's made up of: - A large living room with sofa bed in the living area with home cinema and library - A table to have breakfast - A kitchen - A shower and a washbasin - Separate toilettes The whole apartment.  3 rd floor. Clean and secure quiet building . We will leave you a card with all the places in the area and some tips to make the most of your stay ! Near a shopping street close to everything (french bakery"
32983	Il s'agit de l'appartement dans lequel je vis toute l'année. Je l'ai rénové il y 3 mois et entièrement re décoré moi-même, je vous demande donc d'en prendre soin.  Des recommandations simples:  pas de fête organisée, pas de bruit après 22h, laisser la petite fenêtre de la salle de bain (donnant dans le salon) ouverte pour l'humidité et merci d'utilisez les équipements avec soin...	Appartement de 2 pièces (33 m2) au 2ème étage à Marx Dormoy (marché de l'olive). Quartier de Montmartre proche. Tout juste rénové, tout équipé. Orienté plein sud. Cuisine ouverte sur le salon.  Metro et bus à deux pas. Proximité gare du nord. Il s'agit de l'appartement dans lequel je vis toute l'année. Je l'ai rénové il y 3 mois et entièrement re décoré moi-même, je vous demande donc d'en prendre soin.  Des recommandations simples:  pas de fête organisée, pas de bruit après 22h, laisser la petite fenêtre de la salle de bain (donnant dans le salon) ouverte pour l'humidité et merci d'utilisez les équipements avec soin... Mon quartier est populaire et vivant. Il y a plein de commerces à proximité (monoprix, franprix, marché, épicerie, banques, poste, boulangerie etc). Quartier piéton aux alentours du marché avec de nombreux restaurants et cafés terrasses. Il y a également un grand espace vert à deux minutes. Plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus se trouvent à proximité. La station de métro 
32984	Appartement très lumineux (5ème étage sans ascenceur) composé d'une chambre donnant sur la rue et offrant une très belle vue sur la butte Montmartre, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et de W.C. séparés. Entrée protégée par digik et badge. Connexion internet WIFI gratuite.  Serviettes et linge de lit fournis	Appartement très lumineux (5ème étage sans ascenceur) composé d'une chambre donnant sur la rue et offrant une très belle vue sur la butte Montmartre, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et de W.C. séparés. Entrée protégée par digik et badge. Connexion internet WIFI gratuite.  Serviettes et linge de lit fournis Accès à la cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes et chambre Vie de quartier très agréable, rues commerçantes à proximité (rue du Poteau, rue Caulaincourt) très animées et typiques 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, de la place du Tertre, des Abbesses ou de la place de Clichy. Accès direct au centre de Paris en 15 minutes environ grâce à la ligne 4 du métro. Métro ligne 12 Jules Joffrin Métro ligne 4 Simplon De l'aéroport Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle (55 minutes) :  - Prendre le RER B direction ''Massy Palaiseau'' et s'arrêter à la station ''Gare du Nord''.  - Prendre le métro ligne 4 direction ''Porte de Clignancourt'' et s'arrêter à la station ''Simplon''.  -Sortir 
32985	Close to train, metro and bus stations. Stores and market in the neighborhood. You can reach Saint-Michel, Montmartre, l'Arc de Triomphe, les Champs Elysées in less than 20 minutes. Easy to go to business centers of Opera/Saint-Lazare or La Défense.	32 m² Located near Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est and several metro stations, this appartment is made of 1 living room with equipped kitchen plus 1 bedroom and bathroom. Wifi. Street and building are quiet, not far from Montmartre. Close to train, metro and bus stations. Stores and market in the neighborhood. You can reach Saint-Michel, Montmartre, l'Arc de Triomphe, les Champs Elysées in less than 20 minutes. Easy to go to business centers of Opera/Saint-Lazare or La Défense. Beds, sheets, towels, soap, equipped kitchen. Wifi. It would be a pleasure to help the guest(s) if needed: directions, advices or questions about the appartment. It is lively, everything you need is close. A lot! Trains, metro, buses.
32986	The crowned Badger!!	Nice apartment with two master bedrooms and one bathroom. Tidy, a lot of light, fully furnished and well equipped kitchen. You will enjoy the nice neighbourhood with plenty of restaurants and the atmosphere of an authentic parisen area. The crowned Badger!! You will enjoy the entire flat I will do my best to give you all the tips you need to enjoy your stay We are between Montmartre the super nice hill with georgous view on the city and les batignolles hipster place with plenty of restaurants and bars Very close (3 minutes walking) from the closest subway station with two connections to head nort/south/west/east Washing machine, drying rack, dish washer, iron, ironing board
32987	"Nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement à 5 min à pied de Montmartre et de son art de vivre unique. Notre appartement a une grande surface et une terrasse pour lézarder au soleil. Il se situe au 7ème étage d'une jolie résidence très calme (ascenseur). Nous vous laissons toute l'intimité nécessaire dans votre chambre et salle de bain privés et nous serons heureux de partager avec vous la cuisine, le salon et la terrasse. A votre arrivée serviettes propres et draps vous attendent avec le lonely planet et des conseils pour vos visites ;) Un petit déjeuner parisien vous sera proposé dans le salon ou sur la terrasse si le temps le permet ! ------------------------------------------ We welcome you in our apartment 5 min walk from Montmartre and its unique ""art de vivre"". Our apartment has a big surface and a terrace to relax in the sun.  It is located on the 7th floor of a nice quiet residence. You will have all the privacy you need in private bedroom and bathroom, and we will be happy "	Joli appartement avec terrasse à 5 min du Sacré-Coeur où vous attend une chambre double et sa salle de bain privée Nice flat with terrace 5 minutes from Sacré-Coeur where you will enjoy a double bedroom w/bathroom in a wonderful secured building Nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement à 5 min à pied de Montmartre et de son art de vivre unique. Notre appartement a une grande surface et une terrasse pour lézarder au soleil. Il se situe au 7ème étage d'une jolie résidence très calme (ascenseur). Nous vous laissons toute l'intimité nécessaire dans votre chambre et salle de bain privés et nous serons heureux de partager avec vous la cuisine, le salon et la terrasse. A votre arrivée serviettes propres et draps vous attendent avec le lonely planet et des conseils pour vos visites ;) Un petit déjeuner parisien vous sera proposé dans le salon ou sur la terrasse si le temps le permet ! ------------------------------------------ We welcome you in our apartment 5 min walk from Montmartre and 
32988	La déco est design avec quelques touches d'ancien. L'appartement a été entièrement refait, La cuisine est dotée de plaques à induction, four micro onde, frigidaire avec compartiment congélation). Situé dans le 18 ème  à 10/15 minute à pied des Buttes Montmartre. Acces métro Marcadet  Poissonnière (ligne 4), Max Dormoy (ligne 12) ou La Chapelle (RER) 	"Ce studio spacieux, lumineux, est très bien situé (3 lignes de Mo). Au calme c'est un havre de paix, qui vous permettra de vous ressourcer après une dense journée parisienne. Vous pourrez profiter de sa terrasse (13 m2) plein sud et sur jardin  ! La déco est design avec quelques touches d'ancien. L'appartement a été entièrement refait, La cuisine est dotée de plaques à induction, four micro onde, frigidaire avec compartiment congélation). Situé dans le 18 ème  à 10/15 minute à pied des Buttes Montmartre. Acces métro Marcadet  Poissonnière (ligne 4), Max Dormoy (ligne 12) ou La Chapelle (RER) Quartier très coloré et animé. Avec de nombreux marchés, des cafés, des bars. Un des derniers quartiers ""populaires"" et typiques de Paris.   "
32989	The apartment was recently redesigned with love and taste by the owner. Her daughter lived there for more than 10 years and still live sin the neighborhood.  • Entering the apartment, one is overwhelmed by the light and the views over Paris roofs. It gives a home feeling right away, as if one were at the country side, thanks also to the  presence of this nice garden, full of greeneries. For this reason, the apartment is very calm. • One enters in the living room. It has 2 windows. It is furnished with a sofa and a table that sits 4 guests. Decoration is subtile (paints, objects, furniture) and colors are carefully chosen. • The kitchen is open space, fully equipped including dishwasher. • The main bedroom offers a double bed which has direct view over Paris. It is equipped with a large closet and linked to the bathroom. • The bathroom is decorated with small tiles. It is equipped with a bath with shower, and hides the washer dryer. • The 2nd bedroom offers bunk beds. They are large eno	This exquisite apartment (4 guests, 2 bedrooms) is located in a typical Montmartre building, in rue d’Orchampt, one of the highest rated streets in Montmartre,a small and quiet street featuring many romantic artists studios. Close to Bateau Lavoir. The apartment was recently redesigned with love and taste by the owner. Her daughter lived there for more than 10 years and still live sin the neighborhood.  • Entering the apartment, one is overwhelmed by the light and the views over Paris roofs. It gives a home feeling right away, as if one were at the country side, thanks also to the  presence of this nice garden, full of greeneries. For this reason, the apartment is very calm. • One enters in the living room. It has 2 windows. It is furnished with a sofa and a table that sits 4 guests. Decoration is subtile (paints, objects, furniture) and colors are carefully chosen. • The kitchen is open space, fully equipped including dishwasher. • The main bedroom offers a double bed which has direct
32990		Charming studio (18m2) located in Montmartre (metro Lamarck Caulaincourt). Perfect for a couple who want to enjoy the Parisian life.  All furshined : -Washing Machine -Dishwasher -Oven -Microwave -Internet with optic fiber
32991	Pretty apartment of 60m2 , large and lighty in Montmartre 18th district (3 min of the Sacred Coeur). Second floor WITH elevator (for suitcases) ! My roommate is very nice and friendly but surely it will not be there (though his room is FORBIDDEN (the rest of the apartment is for you !! ) My room is large and you can see the Sacred Coeur by the window! you have everything at your disposal !!  The bed is double and very comfortable! The apartment is fully equipped : Kitchen (fire  gas) with oven and fridge and washing machine! Very nice bathroom (with a small tub). Château Rouge metro station (line 4) is 5 minutes walk , Anvers stations ( line 2) and Marcadet Poissonier (line 12) are also very close ( less than 10 minutes). The small bars of Chateau Rouge are always lively and all the restaurants and entertainment of Montmartre are within walking distance ! I think the apartment is really perfect for a young couple or best friends who want to discover Paris and all its attractions and cu	Beautiful apartment with a big room! Near metro Anvers(2) and Chateau Rouge(4). You can move all around Paris with the metro lines!!  Close to a lot of bars and restaurants and at the bottom of the Sacre Coeur (5 min walking)!! Pretty apartment of 60m2 , large and lighty in Montmartre 18th district (3 min of the Sacred Coeur). Second floor WITH elevator (for suitcases) ! My roommate is very nice and friendly but surely it will not be there (though his room is FORBIDDEN (the rest of the apartment is for you !! ) My room is large and you can see the Sacred Coeur by the window! you have everything at your disposal !!  The bed is double and very comfortable! The apartment is fully equipped : Kitchen (fire  gas) with oven and fridge and washing machine! Very nice bathroom (with a small tub). Château Rouge metro station (line 4) is 5 minutes walk , Anvers stations ( line 2) and Marcadet Poissonier (line 12) are also very close ( less than 10 minutes). The small bars of Chateau Rouge are alwa
32992	Hi! Nice flat in Paris, right down Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur 15 minutes walk. Very nice area. Very confortable : one bedroom with a double bed, one living-room, a kitchen with a fridge, an oven, a washing-machine, etc, a bathroom/ toilets with a shower. It s cosy and lovely, I m a art lover. Also books and nice furniture ! 6th floor walk up with view on roofs, light and air. Quiet, a nice place for rest too! Down Montmartre, lines 12 (Jules Joffrin), 4 (Clignancourt), or 13 (Guy-Môquet), bus 95 and 60 in front of the entrance : 20 minutes from Châtelet (centre). The area is full of little shops, cafés and so : it is a little village in Paris. And you can go by foot on Montmartre with the stairs...  Internet, of course (wifi), and phone. Ideal for one to two persons. Don't hesitate if you have any question, and see you soon!	Hi ! This is a two-rooms flat, full of light, 6th floor (no lift), in the middle of a lovely area with cafés, shops and marketplaces. One bedroom with a double bed, one dining-room, kitchen, bathroom with shower and WC. See you ! Hi! Nice flat in Paris, right down Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur 15 minutes walk. Very nice area. Very confortable : one bedroom with a double bed, one living-room, a kitchen with a fridge, an oven, a washing-machine, etc, a bathroom/ toilets with a shower. It s cosy and lovely, I m a art lover. Also books and nice furniture ! 6th floor walk up with view on roofs, light and air. Quiet, a nice place for rest too! Down Montmartre, lines 12 (Jules Joffrin), 4 (Clignancourt), or 13 (Guy-Môquet), bus 95 and 60 in front of the entrance : 20 minutes from Châtelet (centre). The area is full of little shops, cafés and so : it is a little village in Paris. And you can go by foot on Montmartre with the stairs...  Internet, of course (wifi), and phone. Ideal for one to two pers
32993	The location is unique, in the beating heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Metro Abesses, 5 minutes walking to the SacréCoeur, you will stay in one of the most famous area of Paris, close to nice cafes, shops and restaurants, 10 minutes from Pigalle you will enjoy the village spirit of this area of Paris.	Heart of Montmartre, 200m of the Sacré Coeur very beautiful flat with 2 separate rooms, bright, quiet, well decorated and full equipped, offering an incredible view on all Paris. Discover the mythical Paris in an exceptional traditional apartment The location is unique, in the beating heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Metro Abesses, 5 minutes walking to the SacréCoeur, you will stay in one of the most famous area of Paris, close to nice cafes, shops and restaurants, 10 minutes from Pigalle you will enjoy the village spirit of this area of Paris. You wil be welcomed with many tips helping you to discover hidden sides of Paris that you couldn't discover in the tourist guide. This area is really a tiny village in Paris, location of the flat is just near the corner with the rue des Abesses, you will have access to several nice restaurants and cafés within 5 minutes from the house Subway Abesses (line 12) Anvers (line 2)
32994		Beau deux pièces, lumineux et calme Appartement typique parisien : parquet, cheminées dans le salon et dans la chambre.  1 chambre avec un lit double et un salon avec un canapé lit confortable. Proche de Montmartre et du marché de l'olive, commerces, bars, restaurants. Wifi Cuisine toute équipée 
32995	Refait à neuf en février dernier cet appartement est décoré avec soin et des lumières chaleureuses. Le matelas est neuf et très confortable!	Refait à neuf en février dernier cet appartement est décoré avec soin et des lumières chaleureuses. Le matelas est neuf et très confortable! Tout l'appartement Le quartier est populaire et sympathique. Métro Château rouge-Barbes. Nombreux bus A 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre
32996	Beautiful Haussmann apartment of 108m2, very bright, with beautiful wooden floors, unobstructed view at the foot of Pigalle Metro (lines 2 and 12) Enjoy the rue des Abbesses and rue des Martyrs, the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge are at 2 steps. It is ideally located , within minutes walk to the Sacre Coeur of Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, and Amelie Poulain's Paris. We are a family of three children, the apartment is ideal for a family with 4 bedrooms! We are in a beautiful Haussmann building with elevator on the 4th floor. The apartment is crossing, street and yard. There are two courtyard rooms and 2 streetroom. The entrance is a real reception of 15m2, which distributes the different rooms of the apartment. The living room is 25m2 with parquet point of Hungary, chimney ... Television, WiFi unlimited and unlimited calls to landlines and mobiles in many destinations! Typical Parisian apartment with excellence: perfect for the experience of Parisian life with your family! Total: sle	Beautiful Haussmann apartment of 108m2, very bright, with beautiful wooden floors, unobstructed view at the foot of Pigalle Metro (lines 2 and 12) Enjoy the rue des Abbesses and rue des Martyrs, the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge are at 2 steps. It is ideally located , within minutes walk to the Sacre Coeur of Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, and Amelie Poulain's Paris. We are a family of three children, the apartment is ideal for a family with 4 bedrooms! We are in a beautiful Haussmann building with elevator on the 4th floor. The apartment is crossing, street and yard. There are two courtyard rooms and 2 streetroom. The entrance is a real reception of 15m2, which distributes the different rooms of the apartment. The living room is 25m2 with parquet point of Hungary, chimney ... Television, WiFi unlimited and unlimited calls to landlines and mobiles in many destinations! Typical Parisian apartment with excellence: perfect for the experience of Parisian life with your family! Total: sle
32997	Appartement très atypique et pleins de charmes, vous etes a paris ...et ailleurs en meme temps Ici tout est calme, les gens sont détendus, les voitures quasi absentes, l'altitude est très agréable et il fait bon vivre...	Superbe studio meublé 36m2 en duplex en plein cœur de Montmartre, quartier des Abbesses, pouvant accueillir 3 à 4 personnes (un lit + 1 canapé lit). Très central, vous avez tout à disposition: épiceries, boulangeries, bistros parisiens, shopping, bus et métro Blanche ou abbesses à 2 minutes. A deux pas de la place du Tertre, de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur et du mur des 'Je t'aime' Appartement très atypique et pleins de charmes, vous etes a paris ...et ailleurs en meme temps Ici tout est calme, les gens sont détendus, les voitures quasi absentes, l'altitude est très agréable et il fait bon vivre... Taxi, bus, métro, petit tain Montmartrois ;) Pour plus de photos, n'hésitez pas à me contacter
32998	Hi everyone! Our studio is located on the 5th floor with lift. It is quiet, very sunny and located in a private and secure residence. The area is very pleasant with nice typical parisian streets, trendy and typical shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafés nearby. The kitchen is fully equiped with dishwasher, laundry, expresso machine, boiler, toaster...and the basic food ingredients (oil, vinegar, tea, coffee, sugar etc) It has a real double bed and a bathroom with an old style bath tub! It is perfect for a couple. 	Beautifull studio near the typical and famous Montmartre area 5 minutes walk to Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge and the trendy Abbesses area. 31 square meters, perfect for a couple! one real and comfortable double bed HI SPEED WIFI Hi everyone! Our studio is located on the 5th floor with lift. It is quiet, very sunny and located in a private and secure residence. The area is very pleasant with nice typical parisian streets, trendy and typical shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafés nearby. The kitchen is fully equiped with dishwasher, laundry, expresso machine, boiler, toaster...and the basic food ingredients (oil, vinegar, tea, coffee, sugar etc) It has a real double bed and a bathroom with an old style bath tub! It is perfect for a couple. We will provide you all the basic amenities you will need during your stay : shower gel, shampoo, hand and bath towels, clean sheets ...and more if you have special requests. Iron and hair dryer  HI Speed WIFI  We willl be happy to give you informations o
32999		Très beau 2 pièces de standing, calme, clair et zen avec son petit style New-yorkais et à sa décoration tendance et épuré, à seulement 2 min à pied de la Gare du nord, 5 min de Montmartre, du Sacre Coeur et du Moulin Rouge.
