33600	Pour les amoureux de la butte, ce deux-pièces est situé dans le côté village de Montmartre à 2 minutes des vignes, 5 minutes du Sacré Cœur.  Vous avez tous les avantages de la butte sans les inconvénients. 	Ce deux-pièces est idéalement situé en haut de la butte Montmartre, il peut accueillir un couple et un enfant.  Le canapé-lit est très confortable. Le quartier est juste génial à vivre. La ligne 12 du métro permet de bouger rapidement dans Paris. Pour les amoureux de la butte, ce deux-pièces est situé dans le côté village de Montmartre à 2 minutes des vignes, 5 minutes du Sacré Cœur.  Vous avez tous les avantages de la butte sans les inconvénients.  Ils auront accès à tout l'appartement qui est non-fumeur. Animaux interdits, en revanche bon plan pour les enfants entre 5 et 8 ans. Ils auront des jeux et des livres. Non je ne serai pas présente mais je me ferai un plaisir de les accueillir et de leur donner quelques bons plans.  Il est en haut de la butte Montmartre sans la foule et l'agitation de l'autre versant. A ne pas rater les vignes de Montmartre, le Sacré Cœur, le Lapin Agile, les restaurants rue Lamarck, la rue des Abbesses et ses commerces, Pigalle et ses bars.  Métro ligne 12 
33601		A 23m2 flat located in the north of Montmartre, in a quiet street but a lively district (there is a lot of bars and restaurants in the area). The appartment includes a bedroom with a double bed plus a convertible sofa and a separated kitchen.
33602	Apartment entirely remade in April, 2015.	LOVELY TWO ROOMS APPARTMENT, DECORATED WITH TASTE BY A PARISIAN DESIGNER; YOU WILL BE CLOSE TO THE MONTMARTRE BUTTE, MOULIN DE LA GALETTE,  SHOPS AND MANY MARKETS. Apartment entirely remade in April, 2015. The entire apartment is available. The street  is quiet directly overlooking the Rue Lepic and Rue des Abbesses. The street is easily accessible and close to metro stations Blanche, Pigalle (line 2) and Abbesses (line 12). Your host will be happy to guide you through the neighborhood.
33603	studio dans le 18e tout confort, cuisine, salle de bain privée. à 10 minutes du Sacré-Cœur et 20 minutes du centre de Paris.  Studio de 19m², avec un lit et un matelas supplémentaire.  Le studio est situé proche de Montmatre, accessible en métro ou bus. Le coin salle de bain est séparé de la pièce principale. studio situé au 8e étage avec ascenseur. proche de commerces, métros et bus direct vers le centre de Paris. Je laisse le voyageur libre. Si vous etes seul sur Paris je prendrai du temps pour vous accompagner sans soucis vous faire connaitre des lieux pour sortir ou visiter. L'immeuble est du côté du 18e, derrière Montmartre, proche de la mairie, dans une rue principalement haussmannienne calme et proche de lieux sympas pour sortir boire un verre. studio proche des métros 4, 12 et 13 (avec plus ou moins 5 minutes de marche), arrêt de bus 95 et 80 en bas de l'immeuble.	studio dans le 18e tout confort, cuisine, salle de bain privée. à 10 minutes du Sacré-Cœur et 20 minutes du centre de Paris.  Studio de 19m², avec un lit et un matelas supplémentaire.  Le studio est situé proche de Montmatre, accessible en métro ou bus. Le coin salle de bain est séparé de la pièce principale. studio situé au 8e étage avec ascenseur. proche de commerces, métros et bus direct vers le centre de Paris. Je laisse le voyageur libre. Si vous etes seul sur Paris je prendrai du temps pour vous accompagner sans soucis vous faire connaitre des lieux pour sortir ou visiter. L'immeuble est du côté du 18e, derrière Montmartre, proche de la mairie, dans une rue principalement haussmannienne calme et proche de lieux sympas pour sortir boire un verre. studio proche des métros 4, 12 et 13 (avec plus ou moins 5 minutes de marche), arrêt de bus 95 et 80 en bas de l'immeuble.
33604	The apartment is charming, mixing the charm of old typical Montmartre buildings with real comfort, design and cleanness.  It is perfect for two!  Free Wifi access, hairdyer, iron, bedclothes, towels We communicate through Internet, phone, and In Real Life as we are living nearby :)  This allows us to welcome our guests, and to be there for any question.  The apartment is located in the lovely neighborhood of Montmartre, and is only 3 minutes by feet from the Sacré-Coeur. It is really nice to have a first walk there just after arriving, to enjoy the view, and to have a drink or a coffee!  It is also easy to go off from home to discover the charming little streets of Montmartre... your path can take you to the Moulin-Rouge, 15 minutes from home.  There are a few excellent food shops around, backery, cheese, delicatessen, wine and gorgeous fruits and vegetables, it is easy to run a few errands to make a good meal :) Good restaurants and bars will also let you have a great stay!  FROM AIRP	Sunny 22 sqm studio, in a typical old parisian building in Montmartre! Comfortable, practical, you will feel good in it.  Located 5 minutes by feet from the Sacré Coeur, in a nice neighborhood with many food stores and cool bars, near subway & bus.  The apartment is charming, mixing the charm of old typical Montmartre buildings with real comfort, design and cleanness.  It is perfect for two!  Free Wifi access, hairdyer, iron, bedclothes, towels We communicate through Internet, phone, and In Real Life as we are living nearby :)  This allows us to welcome our guests, and to be there for any question.  The apartment is located in the lovely neighborhood of Montmartre, and is only 3 minutes by feet from the Sacré-Coeur. It is really nice to have a first walk there just after arriving, to enjoy the view, and to have a drink or a coffee!  It is also easy to go off from home to discover the charming little streets of Montmartre... your path can take you to the Moulin-Rouge, 15 minutes from ho
33605	"A real parisian flat (parquet, molding) with vintage/industrial decoration. We have a real bed (160x200cm) in a big bedroom, a living room with open kitchen and a very new bathroom. Equipment : TV, WIFI, oven, dishwasher The flat is well located : quiet and very charming street, 2 minutes from Montmartre and Batignolles, at ""Place de Clichy"" metro station"	"In the heart of Paris, between Montmartre and Batignolles, you will enjoy the french way of life in a ""cocoon"" flat. Lovely, quiet and very well located : all you need is here! A real parisian flat (parquet, molding) with vintage/industrial decoration. We have a real bed (160x200cm) in a big bedroom, a living room with open kitchen and a very new bathroom. Equipment : TV, WIFI, oven, dishwasher The flat is well located : quiet and very charming street, 2 minutes from Montmartre and Batignolles, at ""Place de Clichy"" metro station The all flat We want to make your experience the better, so we will be very available to answer all your questions and we will let you lot of informations in the flat to enjoy the area the most! The area is particular because you are 2 streets away from 2 very pleasant neighbourhoods : Montmartre and Batignolles Montmarte : Sacré-coeur, Moulin-Rouge, nice view of Paris, very romantic place, lots of restaurant on the hill. It is such an experience to walk on the"
33606	Charmig studio of 22 m2, situated in the 3rd floor (the top floor of a three-storey building, so no neighbor above) of a cute 19th century building. I have just finished to totally refurbish it. The flat is ideal for a couple who want to explore Paris and live a couple of days in the charming Montmartre area. The apartment actually consists of a small entrance/kitchen (6 m2) fully equiped separated from the lounge / bedroom (14m2) with a sofa-bed very comfortable (140x190 cm) + a comfortable mattress above it and a small well ordered bathroom (2-3m2) with a shower, toilets and a washbasin. In a nutshell, this apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all lovers of Paris. If you travel by car, there is a guarded underground parking 350 m far (4min walk) from the apartment.	The flat is perfect for a couple who want to explore Paris and live a couple of days in the lovely Montmartre area. This apartment is quiet and is located in the heart of Montmartre and will appeal to all lovers of Paris. Charmig studio of 22 m2, situated in the 3rd floor (the top floor of a three-storey building, so no neighbor above) of a cute 19th century building. I have just finished to totally refurbish it. The flat is ideal for a couple who want to explore Paris and live a couple of days in the charming Montmartre area. The apartment actually consists of a small entrance/kitchen (6 m2) fully equiped separated from the lounge / bedroom (14m2) with a sofa-bed very comfortable (140x190 cm) + a comfortable mattress above it and a small well ordered bathroom (2-3m2) with a shower, toilets and a washbasin. In a nutshell, this apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all lovers of Paris. If you travel by car, there is a guarded underground parking 350 m far (4min w
33607	The apartment, shared with a very nice and calm roommate (who has his bedroom next to yours, in case you have any question you can ask him), is cosy and has a perfect location for who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. The kitchen is fully equipped (blender, worn, 	This big sunny south-oriented room is 5-minutes walking from Monmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church.  Nearby stations are Gare du Nord (RER B --> direct to the 2 airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. The apartment, shared with a very nice and calm roommate (who has his bedroom next to yours, in case you have any question you can ask him), is cosy and has a perfect location for who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. The kitchen is fully equipped (blender, worn,  The kitchen is fully equipped (blender, oven, fridge, wash machine, coffee machine etc.), with all the spices, oil and condiment ready to use to cook if you want to.  You also have something to hang the clothes after washing them, and  The kitchen has a table so receive, so does the bedroom. these 2 tables are not for gib diners, but you can receive until 2-3 people. Calm but very multicultural neighborhood, the location on the square provides light and peace in
33608	Hello! I am subletting my 20 m2 studio. It is located in the 18th arrondissement, at the 6th floor (mansarde) and enjoys a nice view. It is completely furnished, has cooking facilities, private bathroom and shower, internet, etc. It is situated in a nice and lively neighbourhood (metro Marx Dormoy, line 12). 	"Hello! I am subletting my 20 m2 studio. It is located in the 18th arrondissement, at the 6th floor (mansarde) and enjoys a nice view. It is completely furnished, has cooking facilities, private bathroom and shower, internet, etc. It is situated in a nice and lively neighbourhood (metro Marx Dormoy, line 12). Guests will have access to the whole apartment. If I am in the city, I will check in the guests personally. If not, a trusted friend will do this for me: you can expect the best service quality! I will tell you everything you need to know about the apartment and the surroundings.  The 18th district is one of the most lively districts of Paris. La butte Montmartre is at 15 minutes away and the canal Saint-Martin at 10 minutes. Restaurants, cafes and supermarkets are around the corner and contribute to a superb urban flair.  The apartment is at 5 minutes away from the metro station ""Marx Dormoy"" (line 12). There are several bus and Velib' stations nearby. I will be travelling for a m"
33609	Calme, avec vue sur un petit jardin privé	Entre Montmartre et les Batignolles petite maison partagé en 3 appartements. Environnement très calme. Nous proposons une chambre très agréable avec lit double au sein d'une collocation.  Calme, avec vue sur un petit jardin privé Matériel de cuisine, machine à laver le linge, vaisselle... Accessible en métro (La Fourche), en bus ou en vélo
33610	My flat (50sq m2) has the absolute charm of a home in Montmartre : sunbathed, quiet, woodfloors and molded ceiling.  The atmosphere is bohemian chic and romantic, comfortable and voluptuous. Ideal for couples and honeymooners… If you enjoy travelling as a local rather than as a tourist, you will love the area… A friendly “bistrot” around the corner is the neighbours’ meeting place. I have been a reporter for years and I travelled around the world : my home is decorated with all my memories, furniture and objects which I brought from far away adventure.  There is a special vibe in the appartment, all my guests say. My flat was even shot by a Japanese photographer for a magazine in Tokyo.  The flat has : - a large living room with a great kitchen, couch and TV (cable, DVD player and wifi), large windows full of flowers. - A bedroom with a king size bed, quiet as in a Covent ( be ready to sleep like a baby ! )  - A cosy bathroom with a large bathtub, walls are covered with “tadelack” as i	My appartement is romantic, confortable, well equiped. It is located in a pedestrian street of Montmartre and it is full of light and  quiet. It is ideal for a honeymoon in Paris and to feel at home away from home. Enjoy a very Parisian experience ! My flat (50sq m2) has the absolute charm of a home in Montmartre : sunbathed, quiet, woodfloors and molded ceiling.  The atmosphere is bohemian chic and romantic, comfortable and voluptuous. Ideal for couples and honeymooners… If you enjoy travelling as a local rather than as a tourist, you will love the area… A friendly “bistrot” around the corner is the neighbours’ meeting place. I have been a reporter for years and I travelled around the world : my home is decorated with all my memories, furniture and objects which I brought from far away adventure.  There is a special vibe in the appartment, all my guests say. My flat was even shot by a Japanese photographer for a magazine in Tokyo.  The flat has : - a large living room with a great kit
33611	Dear Visitors,  - Available during summer and sometimes weekend all year long, here is charming and typical Parisian apartment Haussmann style, at the foot of Montmartre in a district which melts popular and boho-chic people, where the inhabitants are opened and warm. - In the 4th floor without elevator (sorry), 60m2, ideal for a couple and a baby, perfect without baby also!!!  - A beautiful lounge fitted out tastefully, TV with international channels and, WiFi internet, 1 bedroom with bed 160 on 200,  1 bedroom with 2 beds 90 on 190 and a big sofa convertible bed 160 on 200 very confortable in the living-room, sheets supplied,  Small well fitted out kitchen equipped well to be made of voucher small dishes, with small table to take the breakfast, the machine Nespresso, the bathroom with shower.  Situated at 30m of the subway which will take you 5mn to the stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l' Est,15mn walking to the Sacré-Coeur, Abbesses and Pigalle.   15mn to Châtelet, 20mn to the Louv	Dear Visitors,  - Available during summer and sometimes weekend all year long, here is charming and typical Parisian apartment Haussmann style, at the foot of Montmartre in a district which melts popular and boho-chic people, where the inhabitants are opened and warm. - In the 4th floor without elevator (sorry), 60m2, ideal for a couple and a baby, perfect without baby also!!!  - A beautiful lounge fitted out tastefully, TV with international channels and, WiFi internet, 1 bedroom with bed 160 on 200,  1 bedroom with 2 beds 90 on 190 and a big sofa convertible bed 160 on 200 very confortable in the living-room, sheets supplied,  Small well fitted out kitchen equipped well to be made of voucher small dishes, with small table to take the breakfast, the machine Nespresso, the bathroom with shower.  Situated at 30m of the subway which will take you 5mn to the stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l' Est,15mn walking to the Sacré-Coeur, Abbesses and Pigalle.   15mn to Châtelet, 20mn to the Louv
33612	Typicially Parisian flat with parquet floor and beautiful stucco work, big windows with french balconies, 15 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, 3 Metro stations in 3 min. walk distance.  The flat is stituated in a calm street next to a boulevard with a lot of shopping facilities. It's a very nice and lively neighbourhood with a lot of characteristic Parisian Bistrots, restaurants and bars. The weekend you can make a tour to the famous flea market which is only a 10 minutes walk away. It is perfect for 3 persons but it is possible to add two persons by transforming the couch in the living room in a two persons bed with a real mattress.  3 pièces charmant avec parquet et moulure d'époque. Grace au grand vitres très lumineux. Rue calme à coté d'un boulevard avec plein de commerces. 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, 3 stations de Métro à tout proximité.  L'appartement est parfait pour trois personnes (deux chambres) mais il est possible de rajouter deux personnes qui dormiront sur le canapé-li	Typicially Parisian flat with parquet floor and beautiful stucco work, big windows with french balconies, 15 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, 3 Metro stations in 3 min. walk distance.  Typicially Parisian flat with parquet floor and beautiful stucco work, big windows with french balconies, 15 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, 3 Metro stations in 3 min. walk distance.  The flat is stituated in a calm street next to a boulevard with a lot of shopping facilities. It's a very nice and lively neighbourhood with a lot of characteristic Parisian Bistrots, restaurants and bars. The weekend you can make a tour to the famous flea market which is only a 10 minutes walk away. It is perfect for 3 persons but it is possible to add two persons by transforming the couch in the living room in a two persons bed with a real mattress.  3 pièces charmant avec parquet et moulure d'époque. Grace au grand vitres très lumineux. Rue calme à coté d'un boulevard avec plein de commerces. 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeu
33613	The flat is new, located in a quiet street (semi pedestrian) with shops and subway nearby. ++++: the sunny bacon (with BBQ), accessible from the bedroom.	Room of about 20 m2 (+ sunny balcony) on the top floor of a duplex of 70 m2 in the beautiful popular Goutte d'Or district (Gare du Nord and Montmartre nearby). Fully equipped, the apartment is located in a quiet street. The flat is new, located in a quiet street (semi pedestrian) with shops and subway nearby. ++++: the sunny bacon (with BBQ), accessible from the bedroom. Travelers have access to the rest of the apartment (duplex) //  kitchen, WC, bathroom. La Goutte d'Or is a popular area, historic, cosmopolitan, beautiful ... in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. It is located close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur ... Métro (4,12,2) : Marx dormoy / Marcadet poissonniers / La Chapelle Train / RER (B,D) : Gare du Nord Bus 60 : (Pont Marcadet) The apartment is a duplex of 70 m2. I live most of the time here, but I'll get to travel this summer for a long time.
33614	The apartment is located in a quiet cobbled street with fine restaurants and just steps away from the facilities. This 32m2 place includes a large and bright living room with a comfy sofa-bed, a kitchen, a cosy mezzanine bed for 2 and a bathroom. Located in a courtyard with independant access, the apartment can receive 3 people comfortably.	"Located in the Montmartre district, this cozy studio is an ideal base for exploring its picturesque village and the Sacré Coeur. It will make you feel at home in Paris! The apartment is located in a quiet cobbled street with fine restaurants and just steps away from the facilities. This 32m2 place includes a large and bright living room with a comfy sofa-bed, a kitchen, a cosy mezzanine bed for 2 and a bathroom. Located in a courtyard with independant access, the apartment can receive 3 people comfortably. The accommodation is just for you for the duration of your stay.  You will have access to unlimited Wi-Fi / TV, bel linen and towels. Happy to chat with you and share tips upon arrival, I remain available for questions throughout your stay. Have you ever seen the movie ""Amelie"" and thought how charming life must be in Paris? Well then, this apartment is for you! Based in the heart of romantic Montmartre, you will experience real Parisian life, with a typical and village-like atmosphe"
33615	This exceptional apartment, spacious and recently renovated, is a perfect base for a family or friends to visit Paris. Ideally situated, it is a 15 minute by subway ride from the most interesting  Paris locations and offers a very charming and restful neighborhood to be appreciated after a long day of shopping and walking through museums. Located in the Monmartre area, on the 1st floor of a gracious “haussmanien” building, it offers a wonderful view over a quiet, tree lined park. It is within a 15 mn walk from the Sacre-Coeur, the lively Montmartre center and  a 2mn walk from the Jules Joffrin subway station and the famous Rue du Poteau Market, as well as quaint antique shops. The Champs-Elysees is only a ten-minute Metro ride away, the Eiffel Tower, Le Marais, Les Halles, and Saint-Germain are all between 15- 20 minutes from Jules Joffrin.The three bedroom apartment sleeps 5 comfortably. 	Our spacious and cool 3 bedroom apartment in the famous Montmartre district is a  perfect base for a family or friends to visit Paris. Ideally situated, it is a 15 minute subway ride from the city's major attractions. On a quite street with park view, sleeps 5 comfortably.  This exceptional apartment, spacious and recently renovated, is a perfect base for a family or friends to visit Paris. Ideally situated, it is a 15 minute by subway ride from the most interesting  Paris locations and offers a very charming and restful neighborhood to be appreciated after a long day of shopping and walking through museums. Located in the Monmartre area, on the 1st floor of a gracious “haussmanien” building, it offers a wonderful view over a quiet, tree lined park. It is within a 15 mn walk from the Sacre-Coeur, the lively Montmartre center and  a 2mn walk from the Jules Joffrin subway station and the famous Rue du Poteau Market, as well as quaint antique shops. The Champs-Elysees is only a ten-minute
33616	L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. Cet appartement de 40 mètres carrés, est situé au rez-de-chaussée d'un bel immeuble (website hidden) rue calme et loin des touristes vous permet d'accéder à de nombreux restaurants, bars et marchés. Composé d'une mezzanine, il offre un grand espace reposant après une journée à la découverte de Par	L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur de Montmartre, l'un des plus fabuleux sites touristiques de Paris. Idéal pour couple, ce chaleureux appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum et vous assure tranquillité et confort. Cet appartement de 40 mètres carrés, est situé au rez-de-chaussé
33617	Idéal pour un couple, notre appartement est un 2 pièces, 37m2, baigné de lumière au travers de grande baies vitrées offrant une vue sans vis à vis composé de : Une entrée- Une chambre- Un salon- Une cuisine- Une salle de bain avec WC La chambre est composée d'un lit pour deux personnes + rangements. Le Salon est équipé, d'une TV (cable), d’un canapé convertible, pouvant accueillir 1 enfant ou 1 ado. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaque de cuisson vitro-céramiques. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche,  wc, lavabo, lave-linge, étendoir. Vous aurez accès à tout l’équipement de la maison : la TV, internet en wifi, le lecteur DVD, le lave linge, l'aspirateur, un sèche-cheveux, un fer à repasser ainsi qu'une table de repassage. Nous fournissons  également les draps ainsi que les serviettes de bain. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé par un double digicode. Il se trouve au 4eme étage (sans ascense	Idéal pour un couple ou famille (3 personnes) notre appartement est un 2 pièces, 37m2, calme et baigné de lumière au travers de grande baies vitrées offrant une vue sans vis à vis. Au pied de tous les lieux touristiques. Idéal pour un couple, notre appartement est un 2 pièces, 37m2, baigné de lumière au travers de grande baies vitrées offrant une vue sans vis à vis composé de : Une entrée- Une chambre- Un salon- Une cuisine- Une salle de bain avec WC La chambre est composée d'un lit pour deux personnes + rangements. Le Salon est équipé, d'une TV (cable), d’un canapé convertible, pouvant accueillir 1 enfant ou 1 ado. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaque de cuisson vitro-céramiques. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche,  wc, lavabo, lave-linge, étendoir. Vous aurez accès à tout l’équipement de la maison : la TV, internet en wifi, le lecteur DVD, le lave linge, l'aspirateur, un sèche-cheveux, 
33618	"In the heart of Montmartre, this amazing loft is located in one of the most charming parts of Paris. Teeming with bistros, cafes and restaurants, it also only a few minutes walk to the incredible Sacre Coeur Basilica. Completely renovated, exposed metal pillars, black and white photos, and sleek furnishings combine to create a stylish yet cozy atmosphere. Designed by the owner of a theatre in Italy, the apartment combines Italian elegance and French charm all in one. On the first floor is the kitchen (with brand new everything), a sleek bathroom and a living room with a table, couch and TV. Huge windows let the sunlight flood in. The spiral staircase leads to the second level, where there is the guest bedroom. The beautiful master bedroom is on the third level. On the groundfloor of a charming courtyard, this unique loft combines location, location, location with trendy urban-chic style. The metro stop ""Blanche"" is a 5 minute walk away."	"In the heart of Montmartre, this amazing loft is located in one of the most charming parts of Paris. Teeming with bistros, cafes and restaurants, it also only a few minutes walk to the incredible Sacre Coeur Basilica. Completely renovated, exposed metal pillars, black and white photos, and sleek furnishings combine to create a stylish yet cozy atmosphere. Designed by the owner of a theatre in Italy, the apartment combines Italian elegance and French charm all in one. On the first floor is the kitchen (with brand new everything), a sleek bathroom and a living room with a table, couch and TV. Huge windows let the sunlight flood in. The spiral staircase leads to the second level, where there is the guest bedroom. The beautiful master bedroom is on the third level. On the groundfloor of a charming courtyard, this unique loft combines location, location, location with trendy urban-chic style. The metro stop ""Blanche"" is a 5 minute walk away."
33619	Appartement avec parquet ancien et jolie cheminée. 2 min à pied du Sacré Cœur  5 min à pied du Moulin Rouge et du quartier Pigalle  20 min à pied de l'Opera  20 min en métro des Champs Elysées  30 min en métro de la Tour Eiffel 3ème étage sans ascenseur	Charmant deux pièces (35 m2) en plein cœur de Montmartre entre la place des Abbesses et le Sacré Cœur. Parfaitement adapté pour un couple Appartement avec parquet ancien et jolie cheminée. 2 min à pied du Sacré Cœur  5 min à pied du Moulin Rouge et du quartier Pigalle  20 min à pied de l'Opera  20 min en métro des Champs Elysées  30 min en métro de la Tour Eiffel 3ème étage sans ascenseur Cuisine équipée  Câble, wifi  Machine à café Nespresso  Micro-onde  Frigo  Plaque de cuisson Disponible par sms, email et téléphone Quartier mythique de Montmartre  Idéal allier shopping, visites, bonnes tables et sorties.  A quelques pas du Moulin Rouge, de Pigalle, du Sacré Cœur, des cabarets les plus connus (Chez Michou) et de la grande salle de concert La Cigalle  Accès aux lignes de métro 12 et 2. Bus  Station de taxi, Vélib et Autolib  Accès aux lignes de métro 12 et 2  (Stations Abbesses, Anvers et Pigalle) A 1h30 en Metro et RER de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle et 1h de l'aéroport Orly  A 1h en
33620		Appartement de 43 m comprenant chambre,salon,entrée,cuisine,salle de bain,toilette au 7eme etage avec ascenseur dans residence au 18eme arrondissement, a meme distance 3 stations de metros et bus pour les centres de Paris
33621	A nice parisian flat in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy our place as much as you will enjoy Paris. The area in perfect to live as a Parisian during a day/weekend/or more... We will help you loving your stay! Dear travellers,  What about the apartment?  It has 1 large bedroom with a double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen . As a guest, you have access to the bathroom, washer, full kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven, dishwasher, and microwave), and wifi. Grocery/liquor store ten meters away.  The place is pretty spacious, and bright ! The Area ?  Ten minutes away from Montmartre and Pigalle, the area is perfect if you want to have an insight of Parisian life. Pigalle is one of the best spot to enjoy the Parisian nightlife or to experience “the French way of life” with many restaurants, cool cafés and bars, clubs, theatres and concert venues. If you prefer English/irish pub, we are also 10 minutes away from Grands boulevards and its well-known pubs. Finally we are 30 steps away to	A nice parisian flat in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy our place as much as you will enjoy Paris. The area in perfect to live as a Parisian during a day/weekend/or more... We will help you loving your stay! Dear travellers,  What about the apartment?  It has 1 large bedroom with a double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen . As a guest, you have access to the bathroom, washer, full kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven, dishwasher, and microwave), and wifi. Grocery/liquor store ten meters away.  The place is pretty spacious, and bright ! The Area ?  Ten minutes away from Montmartre and Pigalle, the area is perfect if you want to have an insight of Parisian life. Pigalle is one of the best spot to enjoy the Parisian nightlife or to experience “the French way of life” with many restaurants, cool cafés and bars, clubs, theatres and concert venues. If you prefer English/irish pub, we are also 10 minutes away from Grands boulevards and its well-known pubs. Finally we are 30 steps away to
33622	The flat has a separate bedroom, a bathroom with shower and a separate kitchen. The flat has been redone recently. I will provide you with sheets and towels and other basic necessities. The flat is spacious and very sunny. Unfortunately, the flat is on the 5th (French) floor with no elevator. To compensate for the free exercise drawback, you will be situated in the heart of the 18th district with its lovely little shops, cafés and restaurants.	                Bonjour I'm offering a charming flat (38m2) facing the Sacré Coeur gardens and the Sacré Cœur (not just in the photos ;-) You have no vis-à-vis facing the gardens and in spring you will smell the fresh grass.                   The flat has a separate bedroom, a bathroom with shower and a separate kitchen. The flat has been redone recently. I will provide you with sheets and towels and other basic necessities. The flat is spacious and very sunny. Unfortunately, the flat is on the 5th (French) floor with no elevator. To compensate for the free exercise drawback, you will be situated in the heart of the 18th district with its lovely little shops, cafés and restaurants. Everything. Check in and check out. This part of the neighbourhood is very quiet but steps away from a lively and historic part of the 18th. The metro station Anvers is only 5 minutes walking distance from the flat, it is quite convenient to visit the city. Plus, you will find a supermarket and a local marke
33623		Chambre spacieuse de 20m2 dans le 18eme à Paris, entre le métro simplon ( ligne 4 ) et marcadet poissonier ( ligne 4 et 12 ). À 20 mn à pied du Sacré Coeur. Rue très calme dans un quartier vivant, pas de vis à vis, 1er étage. Très ensoleillé.
33624	Your furnished has been completely renovated and redecorated with family furniture and vintage items to give you an authentic atmosphere.  It can accommodate up to 4 people.  Room very quiet, located on courtyard has a 160cm bed (your bed will be made for your arrival).  The bathroom (with towels and hair dryer), is adjacent to the room.  In the living / dining room, enjoy a convertible (also 160cm), a desk with free Wi-Fi, a flat screen TV (international channels available), as well as a beautiful table for your meal comfortably.  The separate kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher ...  For the maintenance of your machine, a washing machine and an iron are provided. 	Ideally located at the foot of Montmartre in a Haussmann building with elevator and access code, our family two-room welcomes you in a quiet, while being located in the heart of a typically Parisian shopping street ! Your furnished has been completely renovated and redecorated with family furniture and vintage items to give you an authentic atmosphere.  It can accommodate up to 4 people.  Room very quiet, located on courtyard has a 160cm bed (your bed will be made for your arrival).  The bathroom (with towels and hair dryer), is adjacent to the room.  In the living / dining room, enjoy a convertible (also 160cm), a desk with free Wi-Fi, a flat screen TV (international channels available), as well as a beautiful table for your meal comfortably.  The separate kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, dishwasher ...  For the maintenance of your machine, a washing machine and an iron are provided.  The price also includes towels, sheets, WI-FI, and cleaning upon departure. You will b
33625		Il s'agit de mon appartement entièrement équipé dans lequel je travaille parfois la journée mais dans lequel je ne dors pas. 3 pièces (1 chambre, 1 bureau et 1 salon/cuisine) avec SdB. 6ème étage, très calme. 30m M° L4 et 150m M° L12 Ce quartier est à la fois populaire et bourgeois. A seulement 2 stations de métro du Sacré Coeur, 15 min à pied de la célèbre place du tertre.  A 15 min à pied également des célèbres Puces de Saint-Ouen avec ses galeries et ses antiquaires. Le plus simple est d'arriver avec la ligne 4 et de descendre à la station Simplon, l'appartement est à 30m de la bouche de métro. L'accès par la ligne 12 est également simple, à seulement 150m. 
33626	[Special offer] if you stay 15 days between August 1st and August 15th. contact me for additional details. New made (2012) Apartment all equipped with two tiny balconies to enjoy the view on the Sacré Coeur.  This is a 42 meters square apartment located in the 7th floor, with elevator (the living room is 25 m2).  Perfect for a couple or 5 friends who want to live near the district of Montmartre.  250m from MARCHE aux Puces (flea market) Open air market all week long from 13h30 to 19h30 and market of Ornano 3 times a week.  There is nearby (3min walk) all facilities for transport direct to Charles de Gaulle airport. There is 1 bedroom (2 persons, king size bed) with the possibility to have three additional guests sleeping in the living room (one on the couch and two in inflatable mattress).  New made Appartment all equiped (TV, playstation...)  Open Kitchen full equiped Rain shower  Washing machine et washing dishes  Internet wifi unlimited If you have friends here, you may invite them 	[Special offer] if you stay 15 days between August 1st and August 15th. contact me for additional details. New made (2012) Apartment all equipped with two tiny balconies to enjoy the view on the Sacré Coeur.  This is a 42 meters square apartment located in the 7th floor, with elevator (the living room is 25 m2).  Perfect for a couple or 5 friends who want to live near the district of Montmartre.  250m from MARCHE aux Puces (flea market) Open air market all week long from 13h30 to 19h30 and market of Ornano 3 times a week.  There is nearby (3min walk) all facilities for transport direct to Charles de Gaulle airport. There is 1 bedroom (2 persons, king size bed) with the possibility to have three additional guests sleeping in the living room (one on the couch and two in inflatable mattress).  New made Appartment all equiped (TV, playstation...)  Open Kitchen full equiped Rain shower  Washing machine et washing dishes  Internet wifi unlimited If you have friends here, you may invite them 
33627		Chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes (lit double), au 3ème étage d'un appartement de 60m2 situé dans le 18ème arr.ment, juste derrière Montmartre. Cuisine, toilettes et un salon. Il y a un chat.
33628		Il s'agit d'un charmant deux pièces lumineux situé au métro Simplon (ligne 4) ou Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) dans le 18ème arrondissement. Il peut accueillir deux personnes. A deux pas du marché aux puces et à 10 minutes du Sacré Coeur...
33629	Mon appartement est sans vise a vie. Il y a une vue vers la levé du soleil. Magnifique le matin. Les fenêtres s'ouvrent sur une cour au 7eme étages donc on entend pas les voitures ni rien du tous. Très très calme.	Proche de Sacre Cœur. Avec vue au 7eme étage Cuisine équipe four 4 plaque électrique, micro onde, cafetière. Salle de bain+BAIGNOIRE! Chambre avec wifi, télé, sac de box, 2 canapé-lit-clic-clac et 1 vrai-matelas pour 2.  Idéal pour 2. Mon appartement est sans vise a vie. Il y a une vue vers la levé du soleil. Magnifique le matin. Les fenêtres s'ouvrent sur une cour au 7eme étages donc on entend pas les voitures ni rien du tous. Très très calme. La métro station Château Rouge est vraiment parfait pour les voyageur puis que c'est la métro ligne 4 qui va à la GARE DU NORD et GARE DE L'EST.  A ses gares la, il y a une correspondance direct vers l'aéroport CDG ou ORLY. Parfait pour les voyageur qui viennent à Paris en avion.  Avec la ligne 4 on est dans la centre ville dans 10 minutes.  On peux aller facilement à Sacre-Coeur à pied (en 5min approx.) à Montmarte ou à Moulin Rouge (max 15min) !!!  Il y a des supermarché en sortant du bâtiment a gauche ou a droite aussi en marchant 3minutes ma
33630	I'm renting a 18m² flat (separate kitchen and separate WC) entirely renovated in August 2012and fully equipped (wood parquet floor, TV with USB ports, Wi-Fi connection, fully equipped kitchen - cooking hobs, oven, fridge - washer-dryer, sofa-bed for 2 people, bathroom with shower, café-style table, etc.). The flat comes with linen, pillows, pillowcases, quilt, quilt cover, dish towels, frying pans, coffee cups, glasses, mugs, electric kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, towels, bath mat, etc.) Our flat delivers a kind of “countryside chic” warm and cosy feeling and offers only noble and raw materials: solid oak, tiling, earthenware, linen curtains. The uncluttered arrangement frees more space. A glass wall separates the kitchen and the living room and gives more light. It comprises a large solid oak worktop that will allow you to cook and take your breakfast. The kitchenware (saucepans, frying pans, plates, cutlery, mugs...) is furnished. The kitchen boasts a charming countryside touch. 	I'm renting a 18m² flat (separate kitchen and separate WC) entirely renovated in August 2012and fully equipped (wood parquet floor, TV with USB ports, Wi-Fi connection, fully equipped kitchen - cooking hobs, oven, fridge - washer-dryer, sofa-bed for 2 people, bathroom with shower, café-style table, etc.). The flat comes with linen, pillows, pillowcases, quilt, quilt cover, dish towels, frying pans, coffee cups, glasses, mugs, electric kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, towels, bath mat, etc.) Our flat delivers a kind of “countryside chic” warm and cosy feeling and offers only noble and raw materials: solid oak, tiling, earthenware, linen curtains. The uncluttered arrangement frees more space. A glass wall separates the kitchen and the living room and gives more light. It comprises a large solid oak worktop that will allow you to cook and take your breakfast. The kitchenware (saucepans, frying pans, plates, cutlery, mugs...) is furnished. The kitchen boasts a charming countryside touch. 
33631	Mon studio est trés bien équipé pour couple souhaitant vivre à la parisienne ou séjourner dans les meilleurs conditions. 	Apartment close to Montmartre, station Simplon line 4 or Jules Joffrin line 12 at 2 minutes by feet. Situate in a Hausmanian building you'll be able to enjoying a confortably way in romantic part of Paris. A cosy place with kitchen, bathroom...
33632		Very cosy appartement, perfect for a couple. 10 min by foot to Montmartre. 5 min from Metro (Ligne 12; 4). You will find everything you need just down the street (market, shops, bars, restaurants). We will tell you the good places over here. You will be able to contact me by phone, e-mail or whatsapp. The 18th arrondissement is the greatest of all (OK, we are biased). It's alive, multicultural, very parisian. Our flat is just down the hill of Montmartre. We are 10 minutes away from Metro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) and from Porte de Clignancourt (Ligne 4).  From Aeroport Charles de Gaulle: RER B to Gare du Nord + Ligne 4 to Porte de Clignancourt. (45min) From Aeroport Orly: Orlyval + RER B to Gare du Nord + Ligne 4 to Porte de Cligancourt (1h)
33633	"WELCOME The flat is situated in on of the most charming and classic streets of Montmartre, la rue Caulaincourt.  Located on the -1 ground floor with a beautiful garden view , it's really easy access. It suits max. 4 people. The sleeping arrangements includes a very comfortable queen size REAL bed in the mezzanine and one convertible sofa bed.  The kitchen is very well equipped with a microwave, fridge, coffee maker, laundry machine and all necessary cooking utensils.  The bathroom got a ""Italian"" shower and toilet. Equipped with towels, a towel's drier, hair (website hidden)/cable, high speed internet ( fiber optic). Located in the heart of the Butte of Montmartre, a few steps from the Sacré- Coeur.  Sites very near: Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre and many other attractions of this lovely neighborhood. Crossing over the street there's a supermarket open 7 days of the week, you'll also be just steps away of the greatest restaurants/cafes , famous Parisian bakeries , pharma"	"Design studio in the heart of MONTMARTRE .   The mini loft is in one of the most classic and charming streets of the neighborhood, rue Caulaincourt. WELCOME The flat is situated in on of the most charming and classic streets of Montmartre, la rue Caulaincourt.  Located on the -1 ground floor with a beautiful garden view , it's really easy access. It suits max. 4 people. The sleeping arrangements includes a very comfortable queen size REAL bed in the mezzanine and one convertible sofa bed.  The kitchen is very well equipped with a microwave, fridge, coffee maker, laundry machine and all necessary cooking utensils.  The bathroom got a ""Italian"" shower and toilet. Equipped with towels, a towel's drier, hair (website hidden)/cable, high speed internet ( fiber optic). Located in the heart of the Butte of Montmartre, a few steps from the Sacré- Coeur.  Sites very near: Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre and many other attractions of this lovely neighborhood. Crossing over the stree"
33634	This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most livable areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre, right in the Abbesses trendy district, half way between the “Moulin Rouge” and the “Sacré Coeur” Basilica. Facing a calm courtyard on the 1st floor, this stylish and large studio is located in the heart of Montmartre, rue Durantin, the hippest street of trendy quartier des Abbesses, within a 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. The apartment has a contemporary atmosphere with stylish designer's furniture and objects that bring a unique touch. You’ll particularly appreciate the comfortable double bed (160 cm x 200 cm) and the large shower after a ‘busy’ day discovering Paris.   The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, a Nespresso machine, induction hobs and tableware to enable you to enjoy your meals in the apartment. The flat has been entirely renovated and decorated in august	         Thank you for stopping by! I look forward to hosting you. Best. Gabriel       This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most livable areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre, right in the Abbesses trendy district, half way between the “Moulin Rouge” and the “Sacré Coeur” Basilica. Facing a calm courtyard on the 1st floor, this stylish and large studio is located in the heart of Montmartre, rue Durantin, the hippest street of trendy quartier des Abbesses, within a 2-minute walk to the metro station Abbesses and close to the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. The apartment has a contemporary atmosphere with stylish designer's furniture and objects that bring a unique touch. You’ll particularly appreciate the comfortable double bed (160 cm x 200 cm) and the large shower after a ‘busy’ day discovering Paris.   The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, a Nespresso machine, induction hobs and tableware to enable you to enjoy yo
33635	DESCRIPTION At a glance • renovated 25 square meters, modern and quiet • first  floor • Accommodates: 2 • Bedrooms: 1 • Bathrooms: 1 with wc, shower • Size: 25 sqm • No. of Past Guests: 26 flat  in the heart of Montmartre to ABBESSES. charming area with its cafes, theater, shops of the Place du Tertre and its artists.  kitchen open to a modern lounge., all equippement  ( tv, , conveniences in the bathroom). household linen and household fourni.parfait 2 people or 1 couple ( 1 double bed in One rooms and one  sofa beds in the lounge. FACILITIES:  Heating, Linen / Bed Sheets, Washing machine( not in the flat but ) Sleeping arrangements 1 Bedroom (2 guests), 1 double bed sofa  Bathroom(s)Soap and Shampoo, Towels, Shower, Hair Dryer Kitchen Plates,  Kettle / water-boiler, Cutlery,  Glasses, Oven, Cooking Utensils, Fridge Entertainment and electronicsDVD player, Books, Internet (wifi),   Optional services Housekeeping during stay: could be arranging ( for washing for example )	DESCRIPTION At a glance • renovated 25 square meters, modern and quiet • first  floor • Accommodates: 2 • Bedrooms: 1 • Bathrooms: 1 with wc, shower • Size: 25 sqm • No. of Past Guests: 26 flat  in the heart of Montmartre to ABBESSES. charming area with its cafes, theater, shops of the Place du Tertre and its artists.  kitchen open to a modern lounge., all equippement  ( tv, , conveniences in the bathroom). household linen and household fourni.parfait 2 people or 1 couple ( 1 double bed in One rooms and one  sofa beds in the lounge. FACILITIES:  Heating, Linen / Bed Sheets, Washing machine( not in the flat but ) Sleeping arrangements 1 Bedroom (2 guests), 1 double bed sofa  Bathroom(s)Soap and Shampoo, Towels, Shower, Hair Dryer Kitchen Plates,  Kettle / water-boiler, Cutlery,  Glasses, Oven, Cooking Utensils, Fridge Entertainment and electronicsDVD player, Books, Internet (wifi),   Optional services Housekeeping during stay: could be arranging ( for washing for example ) 2 persons in 
33636	""" Touristic neighborhood, all kinds of restaurants, and great nightlife. The french movie ""Amelie"" was shot in this neighborhood. Subway station ""Abbesses"" or ""Pigalle"" (2 minutes walk) will take you all around Paris (Direct to the Champs-Elysees).  The Sacre-Coeur is right in front, the ""place du tertre"" and its painters,  the ""Moulin Rouge"" Cabaret and several night clubs at just a few minutes.  The best area if you want to discover the typical Paris  540 Sqfeet, sleeps 4 (2 in bedroom, + 2 on sofa bed) One bedroom apartment with large living space, is located on the 2rd floor walk-up of a 19th century building of 3 floors;  Sleeping : - A double bed in the bedroom :  - A double convertible couch in the living room : . bathroom with shower, bath, ;separate toilet room ;   The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, stove, microwave, washing machine, coffee machine, utensils, plates, etc.  Amenities: unlimited high-speed Broadband internet Access, WiFi & Ethernet cable   Flat screen  Cable"	""" Touristic neighborhood, all kinds of restaurants, and great nightlife. The french movie ""Amelie"" was shot in this neighborhood. Subway station ""Abbesses"" or ""Pigalle"" (2 minutes walk) will take you all around Paris (Direct to the Champs-Elysees).  The Sacre-Coeur is right in front, the ""place du tertre"" and its painters,  the ""Moulin Rouge"" Cabaret and several night clubs at just a few minutes.  The best area if you want to discover the typical Paris  540 Sqfeet, sleeps 4 (2 in bedroom, + 2 on sofa bed) One bedroom apartment with large living space, is located on the 2rd floor walk-up of a 19th century building of 3 floors;  Sleeping : - A double bed in the bedroom :  - A double convertible couch in the living room : . bathroom with shower, bath, ;separate toilet room ;   The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, stove, microwave, washing machine, coffee machine, utensils, plates, etc.  Amenities: unlimited high-speed Broadband internet Access, WiFi & Ethernet cable   Flat screen  Cable"
33637	This classic, spacious (40 m2) Haussmann appartment is perfectly situated at the beginning of lively and hip Montmartre. Unlike many listings around Montmartre, the building is very accessible to public transportation. Although very close to all the cafes, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, clubs, bars and galleries the neighborhood has to offer; this building is on a very quiet and safe street.  There is a bed for two and a pull-out couch that turns into a comfy bed for an additional two persons.  The digital box provides wireless internet, digital TV with more channels than you may need and a telephone that allows you to make 'free' phone calls to any land-line in France as well as all over the world. No cell phones (portables).   All the utilities (heating, gas, electric etc..) are included in the fee.  There is no elevator in the building. That's why the monthly price is really low for Paris standards. I prefer to communicate in French during our correspondances. However, English is o	Beautiful, spacious, classic Haussmann apt on the foot of Montmartre. Adjacent to cemetery of Montmartre. 2 pieces, 40 m2 including a balcony with a sunny and clear view of the neighborhood and the green. Lots of light, calm street, hip neighborhood  This classic, spacious (40 m2) Haussmann appartment is perfectly situated at the beginning of lively and hip Montmartre. Unlike many listings around Montmartre, the building is very accessible to public transportation. Although very close to all the cafes, restaurants, cinemas, theaters, clubs, bars and galleries the neighborhood has to offer; this building is on a very quiet and safe street.  There is a bed for two and a pull-out couch that turns into a comfy bed for an additional two persons.  The digital box provides wireless internet, digital TV with more channels than you may need and a telephone that allows you to make 'free' phone calls to any land-line in France as well as all over the world. No cell phones (portables).   All the u
33638		"Grand studio de 27 m² à Montmartre, rue Ramey à 2 pas du Sacré-coeur ! Grande pièce à vivre avec 2 grandes fenêtres, canapé-lit , table basse, grande armoire penderie avec beaucoup de rangement. Coin cuisine avec rangement, lave vaisselle, micro-ondes et frigidaire. Salle de douche wc lavabo avec machine à laver , sèche-linge et un sèche serviettes. Le quartier de Montmartre est un des plus charmant de Paris, avec ses restaurants,  et ses ruelles au pied du fameux "" Sacré coeur"". Vous trouverez une station velib en bas de l'immeuble. Métro Jules Joffrin ou Marcadet poissonnier."
33639	The flat is luminous, well furnished and charming. It has a full living room + bedroom to offer to guests. Everything is very clean and nice. 	☆ Beautiful Montmartre Flat ☆ 40 sq m 2 minutes away from Sacré Coeur Inside terraces, cafés and restaurants area On top of Montmartre floors Parisian style building Lots of groceries and boulangeries nearby... M: Lamarck-Caulaincourt The flat is luminous, well furnished and charming. It has a full living room + bedroom to offer to guests. Everything is very clean and nice. Wifi, guides, books, art novels ... We like to trust guests and to offer them the best that we have Simple, direct, polite. I will be more than happy to give you tips and show you around if I have some free time !  I love to meet local people when I travel so I can help if needed :) At the heart of Montmartre Lovely and peaceful neighborhood 2 minutes away from Sacré Coeur A lot of terraces Do not miss the famous Avenue Junot and its brunch at Marcel's ! Or Rue du Ruisseau brillant home-made pizza ! 2 minutes away from Metro Station
33640	Tiny apartment in Paris with 1 bedroom. Main room: fridge,cooktop,TV,sofa,internet. Bedroom: double bed,desk,wardrobe. Bathroom:shower,toilets. It's a quiet area really close The Sacré Coeur Basilique ,Montmartre,flea market and the center of Paris. Shops and bars open late even on sundays. 5 minutes walk to the metro station. 	Tiny apartment in Paris with 1 bedroom. Main room: fridge,cooktop,TV,sofa,internet. Bedroom: double bed,desk,wardrobe. Bathroom:shower,toilets. It's a quiet area really close The Sacré Coeur Basilique ,Montmartre,flea market and the center of Paris. Shops and bars open late even on sundays. 5 minutes walk to the metro station. 
33641	Two rooms remodeled on the bottom of Montmartre, near Metro Jules Joffrin in a shopping and animate district. One bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. Ideal for a couple and one child.	Two rooms remodeled on the bottom of Montmartre, near Metro Jules Joffrin in a shopping and animate district. One bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. Ideal for a couple and one child.
33642	Appartement agréable et fonctionnel pour 2 adultes et un enfant. Un lit double et possibilité de mettre un lit d'appoint pour un enfant. Il bénéficie d'une terrasse. Il se trouve dans un immeuble récent et de standing.	Charmant 2 pièce avec terrasse au pied d'un marché parisien typique et à 3 stations de métro de Montmartre.  1 chambre avec un lit double 1 salle de bain avec baignoire 1 salon et cuisine américaine  Toilettes séparés Parking en supplément Wifi Parking
33643	Chambre dans un F3, accès à la cuisine. présence de 2 chats dans l'appartement.	Chambre chaleureuse, dans un quartier populaire et vivant, pour visiter Paris ou se poser quelques jours en amoureux...Coin diner et salon d'été aménagés sur la terrasse, pour se détendre en sirotant un thé. A 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Chambre dans un F3, accès à la cuisine. présence de 2 chats dans l'appartement. Chambre Terrasse aménagée en 2 espaces : espace Salon d'Eté où se poser et espace brunch où prendre ses repas où se détendre Cuisine Salle de bains avec baignoire Quartier cosmopolite et très vivant, où se rencontrent de nombreuses cultures à travers commerces et lieux culturels traditionnels et contemporains Logement à 2 minutes du métro Marcadet Poissonniers, ligne 12 et 4 Logement à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre
33644	My room, very large, provides a good queen bed (futon) 140x200;  The room overlooks rue de clignancourt, quiet, and the window is double glazed, so very calm... There's a desktop if you need it.  The bathroom, comfortable, provides a bath tub. Water heater for hot water.  Kitchen is large and full equipped. There's also a living room between my room and the room of my room-mate.   Essayez avec cette orthographe : Possibilités de miaulement nocturnes et grimpant sur le lit de la part de la bête quasiment sauvage à l'intérieur. Possibility of night meowing and creeping on the bed by the almost savage beast inside.	I rent my room on a 3F Flat, 60 sqmt.  Apartment to share with my room-mate and my purring-cat.         My room, very large, provides a good queen bed (futon) 140x200;  The room overlooks rue de clignancourt, quiet, and the window is double glazed, so very calm... There's a desktop if you need it.  The bathroom, comfortable, provides a bath tub. Water heater for hot water.  Kitchen is large and full equipped. There's also a living room between my room and the room of my room-mate.   Essayez avec cette orthographe : Possibilités de miaulement nocturnes et grimpant sur le lit de la part de la bête quasiment sauvage à l'intérieur. Possibility of night meowing and creeping on the bed by the almost savage beast inside. FREE ILLIMITED WiFi  ILLIMITED  CALLS TOWARDS LAND NUMBERS OF MORE THAN 150 COUNTRIES Communication by email or telephone.  Keys picked up by my room-mate. Very mixed quarter, close to flying market of Porte de Clignancourt.  15 min walk by Sacre Coeur of Montmartre With line
33645	Atypical loft built in a former local shop.  A desk, a kitchen / dining room opening onto a large living room.  A mezzanine with a double bed.  One bedroom with bath souplex and skylights.  A shower room.	This beautiful loft of 70m2, located at the foot of Montmartre and 30 seconds Simplon metro (line 4) is a nice place to live for weekend or holiday. Indeed, all shops within 3 minutes and many monuments within 15mins. Atypical loft built in a former local shop.  A desk, a kitchen / dining room opening onto a large living room.  A mezzanine with a double bed.  One bedroom with bath souplex and skylights.  A shower room. les voyageurs auront accès au RDC We live in the appatment but would be happy to share with our Parisian life!!! We speak French, English, German.  We are available by email (website hidden) and telephone and willing to give our favorite Parisian addresses, corners of Paris which can't be missed! Near Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, 15-minute walk, the neighborhood is very nice with lots of shops, restaurants, bars ...  A market within walking distance.  Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays, the Clignancourt flea market you can be reached within a five minute walk! Simplon metro 
33646	In the heart of a historic neighbourhood and short walk to the metro, the flat can accommodate up to 4 people comfortably. The fully equipped newly-refurbished 34 sq.m. apartment is situated on the 9th (french) floor of a modern 12-storey building with 2 elevators. The apartment itself is beautiful and elegant, blending modern and antique, and it is ideal for a single person, a couple or a couple with a child. It has a huge French window opening onto the balcony and benefits from lots of natural light. The flat is in the residential complex surrounded by a big private garden. The place is really secured - you need a password to access the private garden and another password and a special key to access the building before you can reach the appartment door. The apartment consists of: - an entrance and a corridor distributing the 4 rooms   - an east facing living room with a mix of modern and antique furniture. You will find here a double sofa-bed, a nice wooden antique style table + 4 ch	Enjoy your stay in Paris in a fully renovated two-room flat located in a calm and secured residence, a few minute walk from the beautiful stairs climbing up to Montmartre with its famous Sacré-Coeur Basilica and Place du Tertre painters. In the heart of a historic neighbourhood and short walk to the metro, the flat can accommodate up to 4 people comfortably. The fully equipped newly-refurbished 34 sq.m. apartment is situated on the 9th (french) floor of a modern 12-storey building with 2 elevators. The apartment itself is beautiful and elegant, blending modern and antique, and it is ideal for a single person, a couple or a couple with a child. It has a huge French window opening onto the balcony and benefits from lots of natural light. The flat is in the residential complex surrounded by a big private garden. The place is really secured - you need a password to access the private garden and another password and a special key to access the building before you can reach the appartment do
33647	Romantic studio located in Montmartre, my apartment at the 3th floor in a securited building with digicode. Situation: - Shopping district, restaurants - Supermarket at only 3 minutes by walk (Monoprix, G20 etc..) - Montmartre 5 mn - Near from the subways : Jules Joffrin (L12), Marcadet Poissonière (L4), Lamarck Caulaincourt (L4) - direct subway towards the center of Paris - Abesses subway (email hidden) walk L2 Apartment: - Studio of 25 m ² situated in the 3th floor of a charming building - Modern, comfortable furnished flat - 4 Big windows, bright - Quiet courtyard - Facing south - Possibility cleaning  Equipment - Full equipped kitchen (Nespresso, toaster etc..) - bathroom with WC and shower - King Size Bed 170 - arrangements - Optical internet Fribe - TV flat screen - High quality sound system - Sofa - Flooring with charm - Fireplace 	Hi ! Cosy and very bright apartment (shower / kitchen) and a large double bed, on a very quiet courtyard. You will be no more than 5 min away from Abesses, Montmartre, and 2 subways lines (#12 and #4) Romantic studio located in Montmartre, my apartment at the 3th floor in a securited building with digicode. Situation: - Shopping district, restaurants - Supermarket at only 3 minutes by walk (Monoprix, G20 etc..) - Montmartre 5 mn - Near from the subways : Jules Joffrin (L12), Marcadet Poissonière (L4), Lamarck Caulaincourt (L4) - direct subway towards the center of Paris - Abesses subway (email hidden) walk L2 Apartment: - Studio of 25 m ² situated in the 3th floor of a charming building - Modern, comfortable furnished flat - 4 Big windows, bright - Quiet courtyard - Facing south - Possibility cleaning  Equipment - Full equipped kitchen (Nespresso, toaster etc..) - bathroom with WC and shower - King Size Bed 170 - arrangements - Optical internet Fribe - TV flat screen - High quality sou
33648	Accomodations:  a separate full equiped kitchen with 2 cooktops, microwave, fridge/freezer and coffeemaker. a separate bathroom: shower, wc, hairdryer 	A very comfortable and atypical groundfloor flat located in the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris: Les Abbesses!  There are lots of nice stores around, groceries, bakeries, heartful bars and restaurants with all types of food and even the 2011 a Accomodations:  a separate full equiped kitchen with 2 cooktops, microwave, fridge/freezer and coffeemaker. a separate bathroom: shower, wc, hairdryer Access to a very highspeed Wifi (optical Fibre)  fresh towels and linen, soap, The apartment easily accessible by metro and bus. Metro stations: Pigalle (L2), Abbesses/ Pigalle (L12), Place Clichy (L13),  Bus station: Martyrs (line 30 and 54)
33649	"Lovely appartement in paris, good living room, big bathroom, small kitchen but with a lot of equipment for cooking, 40m2, enough room for 4 people 2 on the sofa bed (very comfortable), and 2 in the bedroom. Internet, tv and 1 computer are also available. The neighborhood is very quiet and also close to main street, rue du Poteau. Very cute streets with many cafes and many typical french markets. You can walk to Montmartre in 10 minutes. The appartement is close to 2 metro stations, beetween 1 and 5 minutes walk: ligne 4, 5 - Simplon (ligne 4), 15 mn to chatelet and st Michel ,  or Jules Joffrin(12), 10 minute for St lazare and "" Les grand Magazin"", and go to big central shops like: Galerie Lafayette, Le printemps ... The good thing about my appartment is that you are in a very quiet street and also very close to the good things of Paris: cafes, restaurants and french makets."	"Lovely appartement in paris, good living room, big bathroom, small kitchen but with a lot of equipment for cooking, 40m2, enough room for 4 people 2 on the sofa bed (very comfortable), and 2 in the bedroom. Internet, tv and 1 computer are also available. The neighborhood is very quiet and also close to main street, rue du Poteau. Very cute streets with many cafes and many typical french markets. You can walk to Montmartre in 10 minutes. The appartement is close to 2 metro stations, beetween 1 and 5 minutes walk: ligne 4, 5 - Simplon (ligne 4), 15 mn to chatelet and st Michel ,  or Jules Joffrin(12), 10 minute for St lazare and "" Les grand Magazin"", and go to big central shops like: Galerie Lafayette, Le printemps ... The good thing about my appartment is that you are in a very quiet street and also very close to the good things of Paris: cafes, restaurants and french makets."
33650	I live in this charming 31 square meters 1 bedroom apartment : - located in Paris, in Montmarte area  - 2nd floor (without elevator)  - sleeps up to 2 people  - 1 big living room with open 1 kitchen, 1 small bedroom, a bathroom with toilet  - TV, unlimited wireless Internet The flat is quiet and in a nice area. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels, full kitchen and Kitchen utensils. LIVING ROOM: 3 windows. Sofa, Coffee table, TV, hard wooden floor and fireplace (don't use). Also Dining table for 6 persons KITCHEN : the kitchen is equipped with : Cooking Appliance, oven, Fridge, Coffee maker, Toaster, And all kitchen utensils, Tiled floor. BEDROOM : is small with a big glass wall. It is furnished with : double Bed, Hard wooden floor, wardrobe. BATHROOM The bathroom is equipped with a shower, washbasin, toilet. Linens and towels are provided With the subaway and the bus (very close to the apprtment), you can go every where in Paris, very quickly : - Subway: Jules Joffrin	"Renovated Apartment situated in a tendriest place of the capital, very close to the famous ""Montmartre"" area. There is a typical community life of the neighborhood  so if you wish to experience the real Paris, this lively area will fit you ! I live in this charming 31 square meters 1 bedroom apartment : - located in Paris, in Montmarte area  - 2nd floor (without elevator)  - sleeps up to 2 people  - 1 big living room with open 1 kitchen, 1 small bedroom, a bathroom with toilet  - TV, unlimited wireless Internet The flat is quiet and in a nice area. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels, full kitchen and Kitchen utensils. LIVING ROOM: 3 windows. Sofa, Coffee table, TV, hard wooden floor and fireplace (don't use). Also Dining table for 6 persons KITCHEN : the kitchen is equipped with : Cooking Appliance, oven, Fridge, Coffee maker, Toaster, And all kitchen utensils, Tiled floor. BEDROOM : is small with a big glass wall. It is furnished with : double Bed, Hard wooden floor"
33651	The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very rapidements because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. This roomy 2 parts of 41m ² is located Rue Joseph Dijon, in the 18th district.  On the 3rd floor without elevator, your apartment can accomodate to 4 people.   the living room with parquet floor gives on the street.  It is furnished with a sofa bed, of a coffee table, a table has to eat, of 4 chairs, a television set flat panel display, a reader DVD, and a connection Internet via Wifi and ADSL.   the modern kitchen	The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very rapidements because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. This roomy 2 parts of 41m ² is located Rue Joseph Dijon, in the 18th district.  On the 3rd floor without elevator, your apartment can accomodate to 4 people.   the living room with parquet floor gives on the street.  It is furnished with a sofa bed, of a coffee table, a table has to eat, of 4 chairs, a television set flat panel display, a reader DVD, and a connection Internet via Wifi and ADSL.   the modern kitchen
33652	"Welcome in a charming flat located on the last floor of a typical parisian building, renovated by architect. Located near from Montmartre in a lively and very commercial (subway distant from 2 minutes). For sports lovers;-), Apartment at the 6th floor, without elevator, of 538 sq. with a mezzanine bedroom accessible from a steel staircase, custom made. Bathroom with plenty of storage and a window. Dressing room. Open kitchen equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, tumble drier, oven, ceramic hob and hood), fridge with congelator with big capacity.  Sheets and towels provided.  The most: the ""PINK CUBE"", the reading corner lounge with mattresses and cushions overlooking the living room. (can be used for the sleeping of a small child). Near the town hall of the 18th district. Nice neighbourhood: many restaurants, cafés with terraces, food shops.  Subway nearby: Jules Joffrin (L 12), Marcadet Poissionnier (L 4) and many bus lines See U soon! Laurence"	"Welcome in a charming flat located on the last floor of a typical parisian building, renovated by architect. Located near from Montmartre in a lively and very commercial (subway distant from 2 minutes). For sports lovers;-), Apartment at the 6th floor, without elevator, of 538 sq. with a mezzanine bedroom accessible from a steel staircase, custom made. Bathroom with plenty of storage and a window. Dressing room. Open kitchen equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, tumble drier, oven, ceramic hob and hood), fridge with congelator with big capacity.  Sheets and towels provided.  The most: the ""PINK CUBE"", the reading corner lounge with mattresses and cushions overlooking the living room. (can be used for the sleeping of a small child). Near the town hall of the 18th district. Nice neighbourhood: many restaurants, cafés with terraces, food shops.  Subway nearby: Jules Joffrin (L 12), Marcadet Poissionnier (L 4) and many bus lines See U soon! Laurence"
33653		I renovated this year the flat giving to this typical Parisian flat a contemporary Nordic-French style. As it is on the 5th floor and has many windows and glass wall it is extremely light even in winter time. And when it is sunny, who does not like t
33654	Nice and bright apartment, 40 m2, 2 bedrooms (one for adults and one for children) and a balcony, located at the 1st floor (with elevator) of a modern Parisian building.  	Nice and bright apartment, 40 sqm, 2 bedrooms (one for adults and one for children) , located at the 1st floor (elevator) of a modern Parisian building. You can also sleep on a sofa for one or two person in the living-room. There is a little balcony  Nice and bright apartment, 40 m2, 2 bedrooms (one for adults and one for children) and a balcony, located at the 1st floor (with elevator) of a modern Parisian building.  The flat is ideally situated, 10 minutes from 2 tube stations (Guy Moquet and Jules Joffrin) and in front of a bus lines that go in every part of Paris.  A few examples of the best touristic spots: the metro and the bus are direct to Opéra, Le Louvre, Montmartre,  With phone or mail
33655		My old-fashioned style flat, my wooden furniture and white and dark-red coulours, makes me feel cozy here. Situated between the working-class and multicultural Paris and the old Montmartre. Being at the outskirts of the city, it's close to all the new projects that make the modern Paris, like that that of Villette, which I love. Not the least the trendy flea market of Saint Ouen, which is a stone throw away. It is also 15-20 min. of metro distance from the Notre-Dame church and the Seine river.
33656	Typically Parisian apartment recently redoes for new. 55 m2 with a stay-room to be eaten, 2 bedrooms: one for two persons and a smaller for one person. Bathroom with shower and bath, kitchen separated with oven, washing machine and  dishes machine, separate toilets. In the 3rd floor with elevator. Cleaning lady once a (website hidden) and free WI Fi.  All the businesses at the foot of the building with in particular the lively area of Abbesses. In 10 min on foot of the basilica Montmartre and of the Moulin Rouge. 3 subway stations and a bus station nearby.  In a tourist and very livened up district but in the peace, giving onto a raised court. 	Nice apartment a step from the full of life quarter of Abbesses and mound Montmartre. In the peace, in a building montmartrois looking. Typically Parisian apartment recently redoes for new. 55 m2 with a stay-room to be eaten, 2 bedrooms: one for two persons and a smaller for one person. Bathroom with shower and bath, kitchen separated with oven, washing machine and  dishes machine, separate toilets. In the 3rd floor with elevator. Cleaning lady once a (website hidden) and free WI Fi.  All the businesses at the foot of the building with in particular the lively area of Abbesses. In 10 min on foot of the basilica Montmartre and of the Moulin Rouge. 3 subway stations and a bus station nearby.  In a tourist and very livened up district but in the peace, giving onto a raised court. 
33657	Charming and cosy apartment very clean, bright and quiet.  Bathroom was recently refurbished. The apartment has a wifi connection and has a TV in the living room. The place comprises an open living room with a kitchen, a bar and also a separate bedroom : - One queen size bed (bedsheets furnished) - fully equipped kitchen : electric oven, electric burners, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine and refrigerator  - bathroom with italian shower, heated towel rail and iron (bath towels furnished) - washing machine  - very good restaurants, bars and cafes and shops in the area  - safe neighborhood - best bakeries in Paris are just there	"Charming apartment very clean (1 bedroom, 1 living room) very bright and quiet.  Located in the truly heart of Montmartre  (100 m from the lovely ""Place des Abbesses"", 300 m from the Sacré Coeur). Charming and cosy apartment very clean, bright and quiet.  Bathroom was recently refurbished. The apartment has a wifi connection and has a TV in the living room. The place comprises an open living room with a kitchen, a bar and also a separate bedroom : - One queen size bed (bedsheets furnished) - fully equipped kitchen : electric oven, electric burners, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine and refrigerator  - bathroom with italian shower, heated towel rail and iron (bath towels furnished) - washing machine  - very good restaurants, bars and cafes and shops in the area  - safe neighborhood - best bakeries in Paris are just there You are here in a typically Parisian place in the heart of the truly Montmartre (50 m from the lovely ""Place des Abbesses"" and 300 m from the Sacré Coeur). Public transp"
33658	Very cute 38m2 apartment with lovely tiny balcony, located in Paris, 10mn walking from Montmartre (18) The colorful apartment includes all facilities : washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, TV and WIFI. At 10 min walking distance from  the Sacred Heart Church, Pigalle & Moulin Rouge, and the metro station (line 12, Lamarck Caulaincourt).  2 Bus Line just about 4mn walking from the appt very useful ! - The 31 bus line will drive you directly to the ARC DE TRIOMPHE & so on you will be on the top of the CHAMPS ELYSEES AVENUE ! From there THE EIFFEL TOWER will be close ! - The 95 bus line will drive you directly to the OPERA GARNIER, the LOUVRE, the SAINT GERMAIN area, the MONTPARNASSE TOWER ! Located at the 6th floor, (with elevator ;-) of a beautiful building.  I've been living in this neibourghood for years, and I will be more than happy to recommend places to visit and great restaurants. You will have a lovely & typical Parisian experience from the Montmartre n	Very cute 38m2 apartment with lovely tiny balcony, located in Paris, 10mn walking from Montmartre (18) The colorful apartment includes all facilities : washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, TV and WIFI. At 10 min walking distance from  the Sacred Heart Church, Pigalle & Moulin Rouge, and the metro station (line 12, Lamarck Caulaincourt).  2 Bus Line just about 4mn walking from the appt very useful ! - The 31 bus line will drive you directly to the ARC DE TRIOMPHE & so on you will be on the top of the CHAMPS ELYSEES AVENUE ! From there THE EIFFEL TOWER will be close ! - The 95 bus line will drive you directly to the OPERA GARNIER, the LOUVRE, the SAINT GERMAIN area, the MONTPARNASSE TOWER ! Located at the 6th floor, (with elevator ;-) of a beautiful building.  I've been living in this neibourghood for years, and I will be more than happy to recommend places to visit and great restaurants. You will have a lovely & typical Parisian experience from the Montmartre n
33659	Nice studio flat, all furnished 25m², US kitchen with all appliances and equipement: fridge, micro wave, hoven, dish washer, washing machine, bathroom: itilian style shower and toilets, sofa bed for 2 persons,wifi available, 	Nice studio flat, all furnished 25m², US kitchen with all appliances and equipement: fridge, micro wave, hoven, dish washer, washing machine, bathroom: itilian style shower and toilets, sofa bed for 2 persons,wifi available, All the apartment Available by e-mail or text messages Nearby you have Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur church 10min walk, Flee market at 10min walk as well, you have 3 subway stations: Simplon and marcadet Poissoniers on line 4 and Line 12 Marcadet Poissoniers, Gare du nord train station is 5min away by subway ( gare de l'est is the next staion). You have bus to go to Champs Elysées in 20min (if there is no traffic of course). With the line 12 of the subway you are 10min away from Galeries Lafayettes et Printemps the two biggest and famous Paris department stores, the subway station Saint Lazard. From there you can to Paris Opera is 5min walk, On the line 4 you are 10min away from the shopping mall of Les Halles ( the subway station is Les Halles or Châtelet) from C
33660	"Okay, you got it, we have a beautiful terrasse... but apart from that, we also have two big bedrooms, a nice sitting-room, a laundry ""room"", a very practical kitchen and a bathroom with everything you need ! Everything being stylish from the Parisian 70ies... Worth a look !"	"Beautiful apartment in between two nice Parisian districts Montmartre and Batignolles, with an amazing terrasse and great tenant. If you are keen on discovering Paris and want to know all the best places to go to, you are welcome in the best coloc! Okay, you got it, we have a beautiful terrasse... but apart from that, we also have two big bedrooms, a nice sitting-room, a laundry ""room"", a very practical kitchen and a bathroom with everything you need ! Everything being stylish from the Parisian 70ies... Worth a look ! We are more than happy to give you all the details you need (and even more !) concerning Paris and our district ! Welcome to Montmartre !! We live 30 seconds from a charming typical Frenchpublic gardenwith its musical kiosk.  We are 5 minutes walk from Abbesses, Montmartre, les Batignolles, Place Clichy, Jules Joffrin and 15 minutes walk from Saint-Ouen flea-market. You can find all the bakeries, delicatessen, cheese dairies and other typical French shop right next to our"
33661	"Romantic One Bedroom Apartment in Montmartre. It is the ideal pad for couples who wants to spend a night or a week in an authentic Parisian neighborhood. Located in a busy Street  (Butchers, Cheese Stores, Delicatessen, Grocery Stores, Wine Stores, Bakeries, Flowers, Organic Store, Leonidas, 2 Supermakets, etc...) but fortunately the apartement is not facing the street. Closed by two subway stations : Jules Joffrin (Line 12) and Simplon (Line 4). Not even 500m from the departure point of the ""Montmartrobus"" that takes you directly to the ""Sacre Choeur"" in less than 10min. Located on the 3rd floor without elevator. Quite building. Free Landline Phone calls to the major destinations  : USA (also cellphones), Canada (also cellphones), UK, Spain, Italy, Australia and more... Hundreds of International TV Channel : CNN, Al Jazeera, BBC, etc... All Amenities : HD Flat Screen TV, Dish Washer, Oven, 2 Gaz Burners, Fridge, Washing Machine, 2 Stereos(Living Room & bedroom), Wireless Internet, DVD"	"Romantic One Bedroom Apartment in Montmartre. It is the ideal pad for couples who wants to spend a night or a week in an authentic Parisian neighborhood. Romantic One Bedroom Apartment in Montmartre. It is the ideal pad for couples who wants to spend a night or a week in an authentic Parisian neighborhood. Located in a busy Street  (Butchers, Cheese Stores, Delicatessen, Grocery Stores, Wine Stores, Bakeries, Flowers, Organic Store, Leonidas, 2 Supermakets, etc...) but fortunately the apartement is not facing the street. Closed by two subway stations : Jules Joffrin (Line 12) and Simplon (Line 4). Not even 500m from the departure point of the ""Montmartrobus"" that takes you directly to the ""Sacre Choeur"" in less than 10min. Located on the 3rd floor without elevator. Quite building. Free Landline Phone calls to the major destinations  : USA (also cellphones), Canada (also cellphones), UK, Spain, Italy, Australia and more... Hundreds of International TV Channel : CNN, Al Jazeera, BBC, etc"
33662	Located at 2 min from subway and 10 min walk from the Sacre Coeur, our big 2 rooms flat of 58 m2 is very sunny and pleasant with a large south-facing balcony of 8 m2. At the 9th floor, in a building with a guardian, in a flowered and wooded garden, our apartment has a large living room with a spacious and green balcony, and an electric barbecue, ideal place for a pleasant breakfast, a sunny lunch or a great diner with your friends. The zen and cozy bedroom get also to the balcony. The living room sofa can be easily used easily to welcome 2 people more. The bathroom has a tub-shower and wc are separated. Finally, in our big kitchen (4 burner stove with oven, Nespresso machine, microwave, blender, steam cooking machine, kettle, melt cheese machine...) you will test the products you found in the markets or delicatessen around.	Located at 2 min from subway and very close to Butte Montmartre , enjoy our large and sunny apartment with spacious balcony facing south, ideal for relaxing, drinking and BBQ . At the 9th floor, inside a safe and green park. Located at 2 min from subway and 10 min walk from the Sacre Coeur, our big 2 rooms flat of 58 m2 is very sunny and pleasant with a large south-facing balcony of 8 m2. At the 9th floor, in a building with a guardian, in a flowered and wooded garden, our apartment has a large living room with a spacious and green balcony, and an electric barbecue, ideal place for a pleasant breakfast, a sunny lunch or a great diner with your friends. The zen and cozy bedroom get also to the balcony. The living room sofa can be easily used easily to welcome 2 people more. The bathroom has a tub-shower and wc are separated. Finally, in our big kitchen (4 burner stove with oven, Nespresso machine, microwave, blender, steam cooking machine, kettle, melt cheese machine...) you will test t
33663		immeuble proche du sacré cœur, marcher au puce de saint Ouen, desservi  par 2 ligne de métro,la ligne 12 a 10mn de st Lazard, la ligne 4 a 15 mn de notre dame de paris, parking privée 2 lignes de métro a 5 mn,3 stations de bus pour allez au centre de paris
33664		Very nice appartment in Paris near the Sacré Coeur, the Abbesses and Montmartre  15 min of St Lazare by bus 20 min of Champs Élysées Clemenceau 30 min of Montparnasse station Close to the metro station Guy Môquet Lot of good restaurants and shops  Why hesitate ?! 
33665	Cet appartement typiquement parisien est beau et agréable à vivre,  parquet au sol, cheminées dans les deux pièces, et literie neuve très confortable ! On s'y sent tout de suite bien ! Il est en plus idéalement situé au pied du métro, et proche de nombreux endroits sympas à découvrir !	Very nice 37m2 apartment, cozy and typically parisian. Subway is really close just like lots of nice bars and restaurants ! It can accommodate 4 people (one bedroom + sofa bed ) . Like me, fall in love with this apartment ! I rent my apartment when I'm away from Paris . Travelers will have access to all the apartment : a large room with a double bed, a living room with TV, sofa bed, books , dining table ... , kitchen with all equipment (including washing machine ), and bathroom - toilet. I provide sheets and towels. Travelers can use all this equipment in the apartment, except food :) There are obviously the WiFi. The area is what decides me to rent this apartment ! There is a real  neighborhood life , many delicious restaurants and good bars. Montmartre is a lovely place to discover and several metro stations serve the whole city, so it's always easy to go somewhere ! Simplon (line 4) Jules Joffrin (line 12) Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est to 6 minutes by sub Montmartre 15 minutes walk
33666	"We have a bed ""baby cot"" . "" The Panoramic Suite "" is a 38m2 loft atypical volumes for 8th and last floor. It has a vintage elevator, in the most beautiful Haussmann building in the neighborhood. It is ideally located at the foot of the Sacred Heart and offers an exceptional view of The Sacred heart and garden and Eiffel Tower . No hotel or restaurant that offers exceptional views that will make you live an extraordinary stay. Let yourself be lulled by the chirping of birds awakening and dusk and you 'll savor sunsets on the Eiffel Tower . Enjoy the ornate balcony of the room to take , breakfast (with tips for best croissants ) , appetizers or romantic dinners face Sacred Heart on one side and the other a view on the Paris rooftops. The design respects the raw materials, oak flooring, beams, bricks, mirrors, tiles are times (1890), we have also added our personal touch and Theophrastus made much of the furniture and all works that decorate the apartment. Being in the heart of Paris , M"	""" The Panoramic Suite "" is a 38m2 loft atypical volumes for 8th and last floor. It has a vintage elevator, in the most beautiful Haussmann building in the neighborhood. It is ideally located at the foot of the Sacré Coeur and offers exceptional view. We have a bed ""baby cot"" . "" The Panoramic Suite "" is a 38m2 loft atypical volumes for 8th and last floor. It has a vintage elevator, in the most beautiful Haussmann building in the neighborhood. It is ideally located at the foot of the Sacred Heart and offers an exceptional view of The Sacred heart and garden and Eiffel Tower . No hotel or restaurant that offers exceptional views that will make you live an extraordinary stay. Let yourself be lulled by the chirping of birds awakening and dusk and you 'll savor sunsets on the Eiffel Tower . Enjoy the ornate balcony of the room to take , breakfast (with tips for best croissants ) , appetizers or romantic dinners face Sacred Heart on one side and the other a view on the Paris rooftops. The de"
33667	Apartment, little entrance-Lounge dinner(20 m2) with large one person sofabed-Separate fitted kitchen-Bathroom with shower over bath,basin and toilet-1 bedroom with double bed (Imperial TRECA ). GORGEOUS APARTMENT , GREAT LOCATION! View below additional photos On the first floor with lift (French floor: one above ground-level) of a 19th century beautiful classic parisian building (protected by a digicode system and a interphone at the entrance), our apartment is 51 m2 ( 550 square feet), newly renovated and tastefully decorated. It has wooden floors in main rooms, high 9-foot ceilings and period decoration details. Both the living and bedrooms have full floor to ceiling windows, so the apartment is filled with light and sun from a Western exposure. All windows are double glazed.Very well equipped and furnished, it is ideal for a pleasant and comfortable long or short stay. You also have a piano, for musicians. The apartment sleeps 2-3 with a double bedroom,and a living room with a sofa	Apartment, little entrance-Lounge dinner(20 m2) with large one person sofabed-Separate fitted kitchen-Bathroom with shower over bath,basin and toilet-1 bedroom with double bed (Imperial TRECA ). GORGEOUS APARTMENT , GREAT LOCATION! View below additional photos On the first floor with lift (French floor: one above ground-level) of a 19th century beautiful classic parisian building (protected by a digicode system and a interphone at the entrance), our apartment is 51 m2 ( 550 square feet), newly renovated and tastefully decorated. It has wooden floors in main rooms, high 9-foot ceilings and period decoration details. Both the living and bedrooms have full floor to ceiling windows, so the apartment is filled with light and sun from a Western exposure. All windows are double glazed.Very well equipped and furnished, it is ideal for a pleasant and comfortable long or short stay. You also have a piano, for musicians. The apartment sleeps 2-3 with a double bedroom,and a living room with a sofa
33668		Welcome on my two rooms flat (a living room and a room) located in a quiet street at night and  lively at day. Next to Montmartre, the location is perfect to allow you to visit  and feel the atmosphere of Paris. Subway 12 and 4, also buses 80, 85 and 95. The flat has a bed for two persons, but it can host a third person because there is also a guest bed (the mattress can be installed also in the room).
33669	Welcome to the very heart of the most beautiful and romantic place in Paris : Montmartre ! Located on the 1st floor, the studio is calm (double glazed windows) and situated in a typical street leading to the famous Sacré Coeur.  Kitchen is fully equipped (hot plates, oven, washing machine, fridge and freezer, nespresso machine, kettle, toaster) Bathroom and toilets separated bedroom you will have a free wifi access. its is perfect for a couple or a person visiting Paris on their own. Public Transportation The studio is located near 2 stations (no more than 5 minutes walk) - Anvers on line 2 : direct access to Gare du Nord, Arc de Triomphe, Batignolles - Chateau Rouge on line 4 : direct access to Chatelet, St Michel, Notre-Dame, St Germain des Prés You will find lots of restaurants and cafés in the area. Moreover, bakeries, grocery stores, cheese stores, convenient stores...everything you need is here ! The place is a very young and trendy area. No doubt you will love it ! 	Charmant studio au pied de la butte montmarte !!! Welcome to the very heart of the most beautiful and romantic place in Paris : Montmartre ! Located on the 1st floor, the studio is calm (double glazed windows) and situated in a typical street leading to the famous Sacré Coeur.  Kitchen is fully equipped (hot plates, oven, washing machine, fridge and freezer, nespresso machine, kettle, toaster) Bathroom and toilets separated bedroom you will have a free wifi access. its is perfect for a couple or a person visiting Paris on their own. Public Transportation The studio is located near 2 stations (no more than 5 minutes walk) - Anvers on line 2 : direct access to Gare du Nord, Arc de Triomphe, Batignolles - Chateau Rouge on line 4 : direct access to Chatelet, St Michel, Notre-Dame, St Germain des Prés You will find lots of restaurants and cafés in the area. Moreover, bakeries, grocery stores, cheese stores, convenient stores...everything you need is here ! The place is a very young and tren
33670	A l'écart des flux touristiques, à deux pas de la place Dalida, de la rue Lepic  et des Abbesses. Dans la verdure: appartement de 70 m2  situé dans un immeuble hausmanien au 5ème étage avec ASCENSEUR. Grand séjour avec balcons donnant sur une ravissante impasse et chambre sur cour, vue sur le square et le Sacré Coeur. Salle de bains et WC indépendants. Vues superbes et uniques. 	Appartement spacieux de 70 m2 où je vis heureux, vous serez surpris par son calme et sa fraîcheur. SUR la butte, à côté des Abbesses vous pourrez vous rendre en quelques dizaines de minutes au Louvre, aux Champs ou au quartier latin en bus ou métro. A l'écart des flux touristiques, à deux pas de la place Dalida, de la rue Lepic  et des Abbesses. Dans la verdure: appartement de 70 m2  situé dans un immeuble hausmanien au 5ème étage avec ASCENSEUR. Grand séjour avec balcons donnant sur une ravissante impasse et chambre sur cour, vue sur le square et le Sacré Coeur. Salle de bains et WC indépendants. Vues superbes et uniques. Sacré Coeur, place du tertre, grands magasins, cafés, restaurants et théâtres du quartier très animé des Abbesses,... Je souhaite les rencontrer au moment de l'accueil. L'éternel parisien car, ici, tout le monde se connait. Métro Lamarck Caulaincourt ou bus 80 arrêt square Caulaincourt. De nombreux acteurs et producteurs de cinéma sont vos voisins.
33671	L'appartement est situé à 1minute du Sacré-Coeur.  Petit studio de 18m2 bien agencé, avec lit mezzanine 2 places et un canapé. Le studio comprend une kitchenette, avec de quoi cuisiner, une télé et un accès à internet.  	L'appartement est situé à 1minute du Sacré-Coeur.  Petit studio de 18m2 bien agencé, avec lit mezzanine 2 places et un canapé. Le studio comprend une kitchenette, avec de quoi cuisiner, une télé et un accès à internet.   Moi ou un ami pouvons vous accueillir quand vous le souhaitez, nous seront dans le quartier et disponible par téléphone si vous avez une question. Le quartier est très bien desservi en transports en commun et très agréable (de nombreux bars, restaurants et commerces de proximité). METRO Anvers ligne 2 Barbes ligne 4 Chateau-Rouge ligne 4 Abesse ligne 12 Bus: Rochechouart-Clignancourt Barbes-Rochechouart Vous pouvez fumer, mais à la fenêtre, il y a un cendrier. N'hésitez pas à vous servir dans ma nourriture.
33672		Very comfortable flat located in montmartre. The flat have a south-west exposition.
33673	Donnant de part et d'autre sur cours, les voyageurs pourront profiter de l'animation du quartier avec ses multiples restaurants et bars tout en se reposant au calme une fois rentrés. Ils pourront aussi profiter des monuments historiques à proximité ainsi que des célèbres zones touristiques (le Sacré Coeur, le Moulin Rouge, la Butte Montmartre).	'  Two rooms overlooking the courtyard, very quiet. Near Subway, Montmartre, bars and restaurants. Large bathroom, kitchen with a bar, dining room nice and warm. Modern and refined decoration. Bedroom with storage.  '
33674	Cosily compact and nicely refurbished, this pretty Montmartre apartment in Paris comes with a great market location and views towards the Sacré Coeur. A classic creamy palette in décor and soft furnishings, is combined with hardwood floors and typically 70's brickwork, making this an authentic little home-from-home in Paris. With its characteristic setting on the edge of Paris' bohemian-arty district, the charming Vue du Coeur apartment is an original and memorable choice for your visit. neighbourhood and location The apartment is located in the eclectic 18ème Montmartre district of central Paris, beside the 18th century train tracks leading to Gare du Nord station, 5 minutes away. There are plenty of café bars and shops in the area, as well as the famous open-air food market, Marché Barbès and the Sacré Coeur Basilica is a pleasant stroll from here. There are plenty of arts and culture venues in this district, along with public transports taking you to Les Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel T	Cosily compact and nicely refurbished, this pretty Montmartre apartment in Paris comes with a great market location and views towards the Sacré Coeur. A classic creamy palette in décor and soft furnishings, is combined with hardwood floors and typically 70's brickwork, making this an authentic little home-from-home in Paris. With its characteristic setting on the edge of Paris' bohemian-arty district, the charming Vue du Coeur apartment is an original and memorable choice for your visit. neighbourhood and location The apartment is located in the eclectic 18ème Montmartre district of central Paris, beside the 18th century train tracks leading to Gare du Nord station, 5 minutes away. There are plenty of café bars and shops in the area, as well as the famous open-air food market, Marché Barbès and the Sacré Coeur Basilica is a pleasant stroll from here. There are plenty of arts and culture venues in this district, along with public transports taking you to Les Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel T
33675		"Superbe studio,  idéal pour les couples romantiques... Design et moderne en plein coeur de Montmartre, a deux pas du Sacré Coeur et à 30 secondes du Metro Abbesses (ligne 12) Vue sur Mme ""Tour Eiffel"" Wifi, machine à laver, cuisine et salle de bain..."
33676		This is a furnished studio apartment with balcony,double bed, bathroom (shower / toilet / sink), Internet / WIFI, kitchen with electric cooker, fridge / freezer, microwave, coffee machine, toaster.  Capacity 2 persons. Digicode, 4th floor (elevator), overlooking Pajol Place. Pleasant, sunny, quiet, lot of shops. Nearby touristic spots : Montmartre, Pigalle, Bassin de la Villette, Buttes-Chaumon Park.
33677	C'est un deux pièces très agréable, calme. La pièce principale  de 18 m2, avec un canapé convertible(confortable comme un vrais lit) , télé, wi fi. et une pièce traversante avec un lit mezzanine et un clic-clac . Un petit coin cuisine et las salle de douche avec un wc. De nombreux  restos, bars et supermarchés se trouvent au pied de l'immeuble. Le but de Montmarte, Le moulin Rouge  la  place Pigale sont à 10 min de marche.  Les Champs Elysées se trouvent à 10 min au métro(ligne 13 direct) et à 25 min en bus n°31 (direct ).	Charmant appartement de 2 pièces, claire et calme. L'appartement possède tout le nécessaire pour que votre séjour soit agréable. Les supermarchés, les cafés, les restos et les transports se trouvent au pied de l'immeuble. C'est un deux pièces très agréable, calme. La pièce principale  de 18 m2, avec un canapé convertible(confortable comme un vrais lit) , télé, wi fi. et une pièce traversante avec un lit mezzanine et un clic-clac . Un petit coin cuisine et las salle de douche avec un wc. De nombreux  restos, bars et supermarchés se trouvent au pied de l'immeuble. Le but de Montmarte, Le moulin Rouge  la  place Pigale sont à 10 min de marche.  Les Champs Elysées se trouvent à 10 min au métro(ligne 13 direct) et à 25 min en bus n°31 (direct ). Vous auriez accès à toutes les parties de l'appartement. oui
33678		Séjour deux chambres cuisine salle de bain, logement tout équipée, lit deux places et autre lit deux fois une place, lit bebe, tv internet telephone. Dispo du 5/07 au (phone number hidden) 
33679	Near than Montmartre and in the heart of the popular Paris, a tall sunny and family appartment with 3 bedrooms, one bathroom, two toilets, one kitchen and a big living. From the parents bedroom balcony, you can have a sight on the parisian roofs. Internet wifi, HD numeric television, DVD, Imac, dishwasher and washing machine. A lot of local shops in the neighborhood, a fruits and vegetable market just bottom at the building, twice a week. Near from Rue du Poteau (200 meters), with groceries, bakeries, and winebars. Rue des Abbesses and Rue Lepic for shopping, two cinemas by ten minutes walking, the Trianon or the Cigale center to hear music, the Halle St Pierre Museum, and at last the photographic art center LE BAL near than the apartment. The address is Rue Ordener, the metro station is Jules Joffrin, 6th floor with lift, an haussman building with parquet.  Area : 83 m2, digicode and intercode. One 140X190 bed in the parents room, one 90X190 in the children's room with an additional 9	Near than Montmartre and in the heart of the popular Paris, a tall sunny and family appartment with 3 bedrooms, one bathroom, two toilets, one kitchen and a big living. From the parents bedroom balcony, you can have a sight on the parisian roofs. Internet wifi, HD numeric television, DVD, Imac, dishwasher and washing machine. A lot of local shops in the neighborhood, a fruits and vegetable market just bottom at the building, twice a week. Near from Rue du Poteau (200 meters), with groceries, bakeries, and winebars. Rue des Abbesses and Rue Lepic for shopping, two cinemas by ten minutes walking, the Trianon or the Cigale center to hear music, the Halle St Pierre Museum, and at last the photographic art center LE BAL near than the apartment. The address is Rue Ordener, the metro station is Jules Joffrin, 6th floor with lift, an haussman building with parquet.  Area : 83 m2, digicode and intercode. One 140X190 bed in the parents room, one 90X190 in the children's room with an additional 9
33680		Studio en Paris bien conunicado con metro linea 13 y estacion de taxis
33681	A sunny 2 bedroom apartment in a 19th Century building (with elevator) in the Montmartre area.  The apartment is on the 4th floor.  It has wooden floors and has windows on both sides of the building.  In the living room and in one of the bedrooms the windows are french doors that open on to a plant filled balcony ( that is too small to walk on). It can sleep up to 4 people - each bedroom has a double bed. One of the bedrooms has a bed that is a futon on the floor.  The apartment has internet, wi fi, TV, a stereo, a refrigerator, a little oven and washing machine.   The area is great.  There is a street market on Wednesdays and Saturdays just in front of the building.  The patisserie that won the best baguette in Paris, is at the corner.  The butcher at the foot of the building is great.  The wine shop across the street is really interesting. And the cheese shop just down the road, is a place to visit as often as possible.  The apartment is a 15 minutes walk to Sacre Coeur and the same 	A sunny 2 bedroom apartment in a 19th Century building (with elevator) in the Montmartre area.  The apartment is on the 4th floor.  It has wooden floors and has windows on both sides of the building.  In the living room and in one of the bedrooms the windows are french doors that open on to a plant filled balcony ( that is too small to walk on). It can sleep up to 4 people - each bedroom has a double bed. One of the bedrooms has a bed that is a futon on the floor.  The apartment has internet, wi fi, TV, a stereo, a refrigerator, a little oven and washing machine.   The area is great.  There is a street market on Wednesdays and Saturdays just in front of the building.  The patisserie that won the best baguette in Paris, is at the corner.  The butcher at the foot of the building is great.  The wine shop across the street is really interesting. And the cheese shop just down the road, is a place to visit as often as possible.  The apartment is a 15 minutes walk to Sacre Coeur and the same 
33682	Equipped with a double bed, a single bed on a mezzanine in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and you will find everything you need if you decide to play the Chef ! The bathroom has a shower, a sink and a toilet.	Equipped with a double bed, a single bed on a mezzanine in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and you will find everything you need if you decide to play the Chef ! The bathroom has a shower, a sink and a toilet. You can call me almost anytime. I'll be pleased to help and advise you about the neighborhood and the city. The neighborhood is lively and easily takes a village allure. There’s many shops, restaurants (including a legendary pizza) and cozy bars. A fresh market is open every day for lunch and dinner! Le Marche aux Puces de St Ouen (Flea Market)  is less than 10 minutes by foot. It is possible to join le Sacré-Coeur  à Montmartre in 10-15 minutes if you climb, or bypass the hill. Through line 12 from Jules Joffrin, you reach Abbesses (Montmartre) and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) in 5 minutes, Paris Saint Lazare in 15 minutes, Champs Elysées in less than 20 min. Line 4, will take you to Paris Gare du Nord in less than 10 min (Eurostar, Thalys 
33683		2 pièces, dans rue calme, quartier commerçant, marché tous les jours. A deux pas du Sacré coeur, proche du métro et ligne de bus traversant Paris. Confortable et fonctionnel; cuisine équipée, rangements, salle de bain, machine à laver... 
33684		Sympa et lumineux. Volume de 45 M2 au 7ème étage avec grande baie vitrée donnant sur le Sacré-Coeur de Montmartre. Ascenseur. Lit deux personnes. Cuisine équipée et salle de bains. 
33685	This 2 rooms apartment is like a country house in the middle of Paris-Montmartre. No need to carry up your luggage as it is on the ground floor ! It has been totally renewed and decorated recently. You will love the peacefull atmosphere in the middle of a trendy and typically parisian district.  The bedroom is confortable and fully furnished with a queen size bed (160X200) and a mix of Antic furniture and design lamps. From this room you will have access to a private terrace with bamboo trees. The living room is spacious with 3 windows opened to the street. The wooden floor has been painted in white like it is commun in Scandinavia (I am Swedish and my wife is French).  It is not a bed sofa but it is totally possible, for one person, to sleep there. You have also a big dining table and a TV set with 200 channels. The kitchen is a real room, fully equiped for those who like to cook and you can have breakfast or a quick (email hidden) table. The bathroom is quite small but with a confort	Charming, quiet and totally renewed 50m2 apartment with 2 rooms in a typical street of Montmartre, a kitchen, a bathroom and a cute terrace. Surrended by stores, bars and restaurants, 2 metro stations and many buses. This 2 rooms apartment is like a country house in the middle of Paris-Montmartre. No need to carry up your luggage as it is on the ground floor ! It has been totally renewed and decorated recently. You will love the peacefull atmosphere in the middle of a trendy and typically parisian district.  The bedroom is confortable and fully furnished with a queen size bed (160X200) and a mix of Antic furniture and design lamps. From this room you will have access to a private terrace with bamboo trees. The living room is spacious with 3 windows opened to the street. The wooden floor has been painted in white like it is commun in Scandinavia (I am Swedish and my wife is French).  It is not a bed sofa but it is totally possible, for one person, to sleep there. You have also a big din
33686	Dans un immeuble donnant sur une rue piétonne calme, dans un quartier plein de charme, authentique, cosmopolite, étonnant et dépaysant. A proximité de lieux très touristiques comme Montmartre et le plus grand marché aux puces de St Ouen, mondialement réputé. Accès au transport en commun sur la ligne de métro desservant tous les sites les plus touristiques de Paris. Un appartement au calme dans une rue piétonne, comme dans un village où tous les voisins se connaissent et se saluent. Accès au jardin collectif de l'immeuble qui vous permet de vous reposer de vos longues marches touristiques, de faire un dîner aux chandelles ou un barbecue.	Bright apartment, 3 rooms, 45m2, 1st floor garden, living room with sofa, open kitchen to prepare your meals, a double bedroom with TV, desk with internet, a bathroom with a shower and a washing machine laundry.
33687		Spacious (31m2) and bright studio at a short walk to Montmartre. The flat is entirely equipped and towels and linens are provided.  Trendy neighbourhood, open-air market, Subway station: Guy Moquet Bus: 81, 31
33688	La vue sur le sacré coeur est spectaculaire le soir et l'appartement spacieux. The view on the Sacré Coeur is spectacular, especially when the night falls. The appartment is really large which is quite rare in Paris.	"Nous vous proposons notre grand appartement de 120m² avec son balcon filant et sa jolie vue sur le sacré coeur au pied du métro. Typical parisian flat of 120sq meters, with a large balcony and Sacré Coeur view. Subway stop right down the building. La vue sur le sacré coeur est spectaculaire le soir et l'appartement spacieux. The view on the Sacré Coeur is spectacular, especially when the night falls. The appartment is really large which is quite rare in Paris. La ligne 4 du métro est au pied de l'immeuble, elle dessert directement Châtelet et St Germain des Prés. The subway entrance is just right in front the building. It is really convenient! You can catch in less than 2 minutes the ""line 4"" of the subway which goes straight to ""Châtelet"", or ""St Germain des Prés"", or ""Ile de la cité""...  Montmartre is at 15 minutes walk from the appartment. Metro à 100 mètres de l'entrée de l'immeuble."
33689	This is a big apartment with a lot of space at the 6th floor (without lift) of a century building. 	Charming and big apartment of 96m2 located at 10mn from Sacré Coeur basilic by walk and also the nice terrasse cafés of Paris 18th district, in a multicultural quiet street, close to 2 metro lines (4 & 12) with direct access to the city center.
33690	Parisian typical apartment giving onto quiet and sunny street. Beautiful lounge is like a loft with room on mezzanine.	Charming apartment of 45 m ² ideal for couple, in 10 min on foot of the hill Montmartre. Quite equipped with TV, Italian shower, washing machine, big bed and fully-equipped kitchen. In 2 min on foot of a shopping street with excellent local products Parisian typical apartment giving onto quiet and sunny street. Beautiful lounge is like a loft with room on mezzanine. Access to all the parts of the flat. Contact by phone if need or by e-mail. If urgency possibility of making a close friend come. Shopping street in 2 minutes in feet with local products, typical restaurants and Montmartre in 10 minutes in feet. Subway station and buses stops in 2 minutes in feet which will bring you in the center of Paris and towards the tourist or unusual places in a short time. There is a little cat which waits for your caresses
33691	Un studio douillet plein de personnalité  qui vous permettra de passer un très agréable séjour. L'appartement est au 4e étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode.	Au coeur de Montmartre à quelques pas du moulin rouge et du quartier des Abbesses un studio chaleureux et accueillant qui vous permettra d'apprécier encore plus votre séjour. Un studio douillet plein de personnalité  qui vous permettra de passer un très agréable séjour. L'appartement est au 4e étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode. Une cuisine très fonctionnelle (plaques, four, frigo, lave-vaisselle, nombreux rangements)  Vous avez également à une connexion Wifi  et une TV. Je serai disponible pour toutes questions Le quartier idéal pour pouvoir découvrir la vraie vie parisienne, ses cafés, son marché, ses bars, une ambiance typique pour vous sentir totalement immerger dans la ville. La ligne de métro des abesses L12 et la Blanche L2 ainsi que le montmartrobus et le bus n°30, 54, 68 et 74
33692	Je loue mon appartement 2 pièces dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, proche Montmartre (10 min à pied du Sacré Coeur) à la semaine ou la nuit (4 nuits min). L'appartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Superficie : 35 m2 Equipements : 1 salon (clic-clac 2 places), 1 chambre (lit 2 places) 1 salle de douche +WC, 1 cuisine (four, plaques de cuisson gaz, frigo, cafetière, etc..), bibliothèque, bureau, Wifi. Le quartier (très sympa) : nombreux restaurants / brasseries / bar / concerts/ spectacles / tout commerce.  10 min de la Gare du Nord, 15 min de Châtelet / Les Halles (en transport en commun) Métro ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin) et 4 (Simplon), bus N°80, N°31, N°60, N°85, etc. Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas à me contacter.	Charmant appart 2P idéal pour un couple.  Situé dans un des quartiers les plus sympas de la capitale, proche du Sacré Coeur, à 15 min en métro du centre de Paris, nbx restaurants, bars, commerces, salles de concerts, théâtres,.. accessibles à pied. Je loue mon appartement 2 pièces dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, proche Montmartre (10 min à pied du Sacré Coeur) à la semaine ou la nuit (4 nuits min). L'appartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Superficie : 35 m2 Equipements : 1 salon (clic-clac 2 places), 1 chambre (lit 2 places) 1 salle de douche +WC, 1 cuisine (four, plaques de cuisson gaz, frigo, cafetière, etc..), bibliothèque, bureau, Wifi. Le quartier (très sympa) : nombreux restaurants / brasseries / bar / concerts/ spectacles / tout commerce.  10 min de la Gare du Nord, 15 min de Châtelet / Les Halles (en transport en commun) Métro ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin) et 4 (Simplon), bus N°80, N°31, N°60, N°85, etc. Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas à me contacter. Mail, t
33693	With an attractive garden, exceptional thing in the middle of Paris, you will beable to claim your breakfast in a privileged place.	Nice little house with garden near Montmartre, Sacré Cœur and Moulin Rouge. Exceptional location. Fully-equipped kitchen, bathroom, 2 mezzanines for 3 persons.  15 minutes walking to the Opera and Lafayette store. Metro lines 13 and 2 Bus stations. With an attractive garden, exceptional thing in the middle of Paris, you will beable to claim your breakfast in a privileged place. Exceptional location, near Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge and the Abesses place, foremost turism attractions and at 15 minutes walking from the Opera.  Lots of restaurants, shops and cinemas near the house. Very tourist district where you can take advantage of go out for dinner in the numerous restaurants nearby and even spend an evening in the Moulin Rouge in 5 minutes walking. Subway lines 13 and 2, Place de Clichy station. Numerous bus lines.
33694	Cuisine équipée : cuisinière électrique. Draps fournis. Possibilité d'un 4ème lit : lit d'appoint pour un enfant	Jolie F2 lumineux, dans résidence proche Montmartre. En plein cœur de Paris, entre les 4 stations de métro Château Rouge ( ligne 4 ), La Chapelle ( ligne 2 ), Marx Dormoy ( ligne 12 ) et Barbès ( ligne 2 et 4 ). Quartier animé, véhicule non nécessair Cuisine équipée : cuisinière électrique. Draps fournis. Possibilité d'un 4ème lit : lit d'appoint pour un enfant
33695	Small, but well-appointed 1-bedroom flat on the back side of Montmartre in a vibrant-and-up and coming community suitable for a couple alone or with 1 or 2 children. About 32 square metres, recently remodeled, but still typically Parisian with decently sized rooms and a balcony for your morning coffee and evening glasses of wine. Located on the top floor (6th) of a typical Parisian building, with plenty of sun and views over the neighborhood. There is no lift, so you have to earn your glass of wine the hard way…  Walking distance to Paris' world-renown flea markets where you can find the perfect souvenir of your Parisian adventure. Hike up the stairs to the Sacré Coeur for views over Montmartre and Paris or stop at one of the local cafés for some cheap white wine. Also plenty of cheap and decent restaurants in the neighbourhood. If you prefer to eat-in, there is a fresh produce market downstairs twice a week and loads of shops nearby.  If you any questions at all, please feel free to c	Flat in Paris available for most of August. 1 week minimum. From September, available for weekend renting. Small, but well-appointed 1-bedroom flat on the back side of Montmartre in a vibrant-and-up and coming community suitable for a couple alone or with 1 or 2 children. About 32 square metres, recently remodeled, but still typically Parisian with decently sized rooms and a balcony for your morning coffee and evening glasses of wine. Located on the top floor (6th) of a typical Parisian building, with plenty of sun and views over the neighborhood. There is no lift, so you have to earn your glass of wine the hard way…  Walking distance to Paris' world-renown flea markets where you can find the perfect souvenir of your Parisian adventure. Hike up the stairs to the Sacré Coeur for views over Montmartre and Paris or stop at one of the local cafés for some cheap white wine. Also plenty of cheap and decent restaurants in the neighbourhood. If you prefer to eat-in, there is a fresh produce ma
33696		Petit studio charmant et agréable à 2 minutes de Montmartre, à 10 de la rue des Martyrs, à 15 du Moulin Rouge, avec lit double, kitchenette, table pour manger, salle de bain avec cabine de douche.  Calme, fenêtre sur cour.  
33697	Beau 2 pièces, bien agencé, lumineux, cour propriété extrêmement calme (villa ordener, vue sur google), 4 couchages (lit 2 places + canapé lit), métro jules joffrin (au pied de la butte Montmartre). Commerces et transports en dessous de l'appartement. Quartier familial et sécurisant.  Cuisine pourvue de machines à laver le linge et la vaisselle.  Idéal pour un week end ou des vacances en famille ou entre amis.	Beau 2 pièces, bien agencé, lumineux, cour propriété extrêmement calme (villa ordener, vue sur google), 4 couchages (lit 2 places + canapé lit), métro jules joffrin (au pied de la butte Montmartre). Commerces et transports en dessous de l'appartement. Quartier familial et sécurisant.  Cuisine pourvue de machines à laver le linge et la vaisselle.  Idéal pour un week end ou des vacances en famille ou entre amis. je reste à la disposition des voyageurs pour toute demande, par téléphone ou mail Commerces et transports à proximité, le sacré cœur à 10 minutes à pieds, quartier vivant et calme à la fois. Familial
33698		Appartement duplex de 35m2, très cosy et calme.  Dispose d'un grand lit double confortable à l'étage, Kitchenette avec tous les ustensiles nécessaires, table haute pour diner, salon équipé d'un grand écran TV. Idéalement placé Mairie du 18ème, accès métro 12 et 4
33699		Grd studio lumineux de 32m² avec une grande pièce à vivre, cuisine séparée et une SdB spacieuse Proche transports et commerces Charming and luminous studio with spacious living area, separated kitchen, big bathroom Near transports and shops
33700	Come Enjoy a few days in Montmartre! You will find a spacious living room, with a fitted kitchen, a dining area and cozy lounge. This light room opens on a spacious balcony where you can relax and enjoy your tea or drink. You can also use our video projector for watching TV (including main international channels) or your own movies on a 3x2m screen. The bedroom gives on the peaceful garden of the building. Nights are quiet and you can nestle in our bed (190*140 cm). The living room sofa also converts in a double bed (190*140 cm). The modern and fresh bathroom is equiped with a bath. The apartment building in modern and secure, and is equipped with an elevator.	Enjoy our spacious 1bedroom in the bohemian Montmartre neighborhood! Its large living room is opened on beautiful sunny terrace. There is a grocery store downstairs, and a short walk from the apartment are plenty of great bars, restaurants and shops. Come Enjoy a few days in Montmartre! You will find a spacious living room, with a fitted kitchen, a dining area and cozy lounge. This light room opens on a spacious balcony where you can relax and enjoy your tea or drink. You can also use our video projector for watching TV (including main international channels) or your own movies on a 3x2m screen. The bedroom gives on the peaceful garden of the building. Nights are quiet and you can nestle in our bed (190*140 cm). The living room sofa also converts in a double bed (190*140 cm). The modern and fresh bathroom is equiped with a bath. The apartment building in modern and secure, and is equipped with an elevator. In our apartment you will find yourself perfectly located to both escape from ev
33701	Totally renovated in 2011 Totally refreshed (painting) in June 2015	This accommodation is located on Butte Montmartre in the tallest building of Paris with an exceptional sight on the Sacré Coeur (side room) and the roofs of Paris (side main room), few minutes from the metro and the ABBESSES district with its restaurants, cafes theatres... and the Place du Tertre with its artists, painters... Fully renovated and with all the conveniences... Rare rental! Totally renovated in 2011 Totally refreshed (painting) in June 2015 All the apartment is given for rental feel free to ask any question in the center of Paris la Romantic (Montmartre) Few minutes from main stores Few 10 minutes from Eiffel Tower and all others monuments Gare Saint Lazare, Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est : 10' Charles de gaulle airport : 30 minutes Gare Montparnasse : 40 minutes
33702		Appartement lumineux à deux pas du quartier Montmartre. Au 4ème étages avec ascenseur, comprend un séjour , chambre , cuisine et salle de bain. Agréable Arrêt de métro : Abbesse ou Lamarck sur la ligne 12. Ou Place de Clichy ligne 2 et 13 ou encore métro Blanche ligne 2
33703	The flat has a queen size bed in the bedroom with a screen where you can plug a laptop and a double sofa bed in the living room with cable. You can plug your ipod to listen to music. The kitchen has an oven, a dishwasher a nespresso and a soda machine. There is a washing machine in the bathroom, and bed sheets are provides.	"In the heart of Paris, in the ""village"" of Montmartre, very touristic area, 5 minutes from the Sacré-Coeur and Pigalle. Close to the subway station Lamarck-Caulaincourt, supermarkets, bars and restaurants. The flat has a queen size bed in the bedroom with a screen where you can plug a laptop and a double sofa bed in the living room with cable. You can plug your ipod to listen to music. The kitchen has an oven, a dishwasher a nespresso and a soda machine. There is a washing machine in the bathroom, and bed sheets are provides. We live in the heart of Montmartre, which is a very touristic place, very close to the Sacré Coeur, Abbesses and Pigalle. There are lots of bars, restaurants, and shops around. The flat is 5 min from the Lamarck-Caulaincourt station (ligne 12) and 10 min from the Blanche station (ligne 2). You can also take the bus 80 to place de clichy, St Lazare and Opéra."
33704		Belle et agreable chambre
33705	Le logement est un trois pièces offrant deux chambres séparées. Pour ma part, j'occuperai la seconde chambre durant votre séjour. Localisation de l'appartement:  - Proximité immédiate des transports publics (métro, bus, RER, gares du nord ) - 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur  - 15 minutes du coeur historique de Paris  - 15 minutes à pied des Puces de Clignancourt, le plus grand marché design et antiquités en Europe ouvert du vendredi au lundi  - 10 min à pied de la Gare du Nord et son Eurostar - 35 et 45 min des aéroports CDG et Orly via le RER B. Vous serez logés dans un appartement contemporain de très bon standing de près de 50 m2, refait à neuf tout récemment, - L'appartement dispose de deux chambres individuelles dotées d'un lit double 140X200 et d'une pièce principale où est disposé un canapé très confortable. - L'appartement dispose d'une SdB et WC	"The apartment is located nearby of Montmartre and the historical city center, in a cosmopolite and multicultural neighborhood the ""La Goutte d'Or"". The place is safe, and many metro stations are available at less of 10' walking. Le logement est un trois pièces offrant deux chambres séparées. Pour ma part, j'occuperai la seconde chambre durant votre séjour. Localisation de l'appartement:  - Proximité immédiate des transports publics (métro, bus, RER, gares du nord ) - 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur  - 15 minutes du coeur historique de Paris  - 15 minutes à pied des Puces de Clignancourt, le plus grand marché design et antiquités en Europe ouvert du vendredi au lundi  - 10 min à pied de la Gare du Nord et son Eurostar - 35 et 45 min des aéroports CDG et Orly via le RER B. Vous serez logés dans un appartement contemporain de très bon standing de près de 50 m2, refait à neuf tout récemment, - L'appartement dispose de deux chambres individuelles dotées d'un lit double 140X200 et d'une piè"
33706	L'appartement est petit mais très cosy et agréable à vivre !  De plus, la vue sur le Sacré-Cœur depuis la rue est un pur bonheur :) Le logement est à vous !  Pour la cuisine, vous aurez micro-ondes, au grille-pain, à la bouilloire, à la cafetière,  Sinon, aspirateur et balai sont à disposition.  Enfin, wifi,pour vous détendre :) Logement non fumeur. C'est un quartier populaire, vivant et multiculturel ! Et Montmartre est à deux pas. Il est très facile d'arriver chez moi :  - Métro Barbès - Rochechouart  à 3min  - Métro La Chapelle à 5min  + Gare du Nord  à moins de 11 min C'est un quartier populaire, vivant et multiculturel ! Et Montmartre est à deux pas. Il est très facile d'arriver chez moi : Caution : 1000€ Tarif hebdomadaire : 590€ /semaine Tarif mensuel : 1600€ /mois ATTENTION LOGEMENT NON FUMER !!! VOYAGEURS SUPPLÉMENTAIRES POUR CHAQUE VOYAGEUR AU-DELÀ DE 1 = 51€	L'appartement est petit mais très cosy et agréable à vivre !  De plus, la vue sur le Sacré-Cœur depuis la rue est un pur bonheur :) L'appartement est petit mais très cosy et agréable à vivre !  De plus, la vue sur le Sacré-Cœur depuis la rue est un pur bonheur :) Le logement est à vous !  Pour la cuisine, vous aurez micro-ondes, au grille-pain, à la bouilloire, à la cafetière,  Sinon, aspirateur et balai sont à disposition.  Enfin, wifi,pour vous détendre :) Logement non fumeur. C'est un quartier populaire, vivant et multiculturel ! Et Montmartre est à deux pas. Il est très facile d'arriver chez moi :  - Métro Barbès - Rochechouart  à 3min  - Métro La Chapelle à 5min  + Gare du Nord  à moins de 11 min C'est un quartier populaire, vivant et multiculturel ! Et Montmartre est à deux pas. Il est très facile d'arriver chez moi : Caution : 1000€ Tarif hebdomadaire : 590€ /semaine Tarif mensuel : 1600€ /mois ATTENTION LOGEMENT NON FUMER !!! VOYAGEURS SUPPLÉMENTAIRES POUR CHAQUE VOYAGEUR AU-DE
33707	unpetit immeuble privé et calm	Beau studio proche Montmartre, bien equipé,proche commerces et transports unpetit immeuble privé et calm Ligne 4 et 12 metro Gare du Nord  10 min Gare del'Est  15 min I speak French and English and Italian l'appartement est prés du site touristique (Montmartre) et tres accesible. Metro-Bus-Gare SNCF Tres propre
33708	"Mon joli nid est ""zen"", lumineux et possède une salle de bain unique : toute en bois avec baignoire! Une chambre avec parquet,cheminée et un grand lit, vous accueille dans les tons blancs et doux. Un joli salon-cuisine avec parquet et lit supplémentaire, donne, comme la chambre et la salle de bain, sur le ciel avec les toits et le clocher de Montmartre en face. Le Wifi est à votre disposition! Vous ne souffrirez pas des voisins au-dessus de vous : l'appartement est situé au dernier étage : 5ème! Attention sans ascenseur mais les escaliers ne sont pas raides. Au coeur de la Goutte d'Or, vous pourrez profiter de tout l'appartement (30m2) au 5eme et dernier étage d'un immeuble typique. Il y a 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 salle de bain tout en bois, et un salon (lit simple de très bonne qualité) avec une cuisine. L'appartement est équipé du wifi et d'un four. Le quartier est cosmopolite, avec restaurants cuisine du monde et cafés à proximité : je vous laisse une liste de très bons resta"	"Proche de Montmartre et du nouveau ""lieu"" parisien  ""Ground Control"" , 2 pièces au dernier étage (5) pouvant accueillir 3 personnes. Lit double dans la chambre et lit simple dans le salon. Quartier très bien desservi et à découvrir! Mon joli nid est ""zen"", lumineux et possède une salle de bain unique : toute en bois avec baignoire! Une chambre avec parquet,cheminée et un grand lit, vous accueille dans les tons blancs et doux. Un joli salon-cuisine avec parquet et lit supplémentaire, donne, comme la chambre et la salle de bain, sur le ciel avec les toits et le clocher de Montmartre en face. Le Wifi est à votre disposition! Vous ne souffrirez pas des voisins au-dessus de vous : l'appartement est situé au dernier étage : 5ème! Attention sans ascenseur mais les escaliers ne sont pas raides. Au coeur de la Goutte d'Or, vous pourrez profiter de tout l'appartement (30m2) au 5eme et dernier étage d'un immeuble typique. Il y a 1 chambre avec un lit double, 1 salle de bain tout en bois, et un sa"
33709	 En plein coeur de Montmartre situé à quelques mètre du métro Abbesses, à proximité des commerces, restaurants, bars, cave à vin et à 5 minutes à pied du Sacrée Coeur, de la place des Tertre, du Moulin Rouge... Idéale pour une visite de Paris en amoureux.     Appartement 2 pièces 40m2 typiquement parisien très fonctionnel et calme puisse qu'il est situé dans une impasse, au 1 er étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble sécurisé. Salon cosy (canapé, fauteuil, table avec 4 chaises, TV avec câble). Cuisine séparé bien équipée (four, micro-onde, plaque vitro-céramique, frigo, lave vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine...). Chambre (lit 2 places, TV avec câble). Salle de bain (baignoire). Toilette séparé avec machine à laver. Internet WIFI.  Hâte de vous accueillir! Non fumeur et animaux non accepté. Tarifs: 90€/nuit. Disponible tous les week-ends du vendredi au lundi soit 3 nuits  Draps et serviettes fournies. Frais de nettoyage: 20€	 En plein coeur de Montmartre situé à quelques mètre du métro Abbesses, à proximité des commerces, restaurants, bars, cave à vin et à 5 minutes à pied du Sacrée Coeur, de la place des Tertre, du Moulin Rouge... Idéale pour une visite de Paris en amoureux.     Appartement 2 pièces 40m2 typiquement parisien très fonctionnel et calme puisse qu'il est situé dans une impasse, au 1 er étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble sécurisé. Salon cosy (canapé, fauteuil, table avec 4 chaises, TV avec câble). Cuisine séparé bien équipée (four, micro-onde, plaque vitro-céramique, frigo, lave vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine...). Chambre (lit 2 places, TV avec câble). Salle de bain (baignoire). Toilette séparé avec machine à laver. Internet WIFI.  Hâte de vous accueillir! Non fumeur et animaux non accepté. Tarifs: 90€/nuit. Disponible tous les week-ends du vendredi au lundi soit 3 nuits  Draps et serviettes fournies. Frais de nettoyage: 20€ A quelques pas du métro Abbesses.
33710	Charmant T2 au calme, dans un véritable écrin de verdure, situé rue Ramey dans le 18e arrondissement à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Il est au 1er étage de l'immeuble et est composé de : - un séjour de 17 m2 avec futon, table basse, fauteuils, bibliothèque, chaîne stéréo. - une petite cuisine fonctionnelle (cuisine au gaz, réfrigérateur, four et lave-linge). - une chambre de 9 m2 avec un lit de 2 personnes, une TV et un ordinateur. - une salle de bain avec baignoire, vasque et toilettes. Très chaleureux, lumineux et bien desservi avec 2 lignes le métro (Jules Joffrin et Marcadet) et 5 lignes de bus toutes proches. DISPONIBLE TOUTE L'ANNÉE (minimum 2 nuits)	Charmant T2 au calme, dans un véritable écrin de verdure, situé rue Ramey dans le 18e arrondissement à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Il est au 1er étage de l'immeuble et est composé de : - un séjour de 17 m2 avec futon, table basse, fauteuils, bibliothèque, chaîne stéréo. - une petite cuisine fonctionnelle (cuisine au gaz, réfrigérateur, four et lave-linge). - une chambre de 9 m2 avec un lit de 2 personnes, une TV et un ordinateur. - une salle de bain avec baignoire, vasque et toilettes. Très chaleureux, lumineux et bien desservi avec 2 lignes le métro (Jules Joffrin et Marcadet) et 5 lignes de bus toutes proches. DISPONIBLE TOUTE L'ANNÉE (minimum 2 nuits)
33711	Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, and it has a balcony. And of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard. The building is 70's renovated and situated in a safe area (Actually Paris is one of the safest big cities in the world - despite Fox news !).	Welcome ! We'd be happy to host you in our large apartment (1200sq ft./ 3 bedrooms available) and help you discover the other Paris.  You'll be 5 min. away from Paris's biggest flea market (Les Puces) and 10 min from Montmartre :) Philippe & Marie Very quiet and very bright ! A good size bedroom (17 m2) clean, and it has a balcony. And of course we provide you with clean sheets and towels. The large living room overlooks a big grass and trees courtyard. The building is 70's renovated and situated in a safe area (Actually Paris is one of the safest big cities in the world - despite Fox news !). The Room and its balcony.There is a bathroom right next to your bedroom with shower.  You are welcome to the living room and if you need to use the kitchen you're welcome to it, just make sure you buy your ingredients ;) you'll have a fridge too. You're friendly, we're friendly  and  respect each other's privacy, so interaction is to be excellent :) 5 minutes walk to the Paris Flea Market where y
33712	The flat is 60m2, composed of two seprated bedrooms with a double bed for each, excellent for a family of for 4 persons in total.  there is a nice and charming living room with TV and sofa and a full equiped kitchen. The street is quite but you have everything you need to enjoy your holidays, nice shops, very good restaurants (french&italian) bars and three supermarkets and boulangeries. 	Welcome in our 60 sq. m. only 5 m walking from metro! you will enjoy 2 confortable bedrooms, a full equiped kitchen (dishwasher/whashinmachine/dryer/microwaves)a cosy living room with TV+WIFI private bathroom&wc, bed linen and towels are included. The flat is 60m2, composed of two seprated bedrooms with a double bed for each, excellent for a family of for 4 persons in total.  there is a nice and charming living room with TV and sofa and a full equiped kitchen. The street is quite but you have everything you need to enjoy your holidays, nice shops, very good restaurants (french&italian) bars and three supermarkets and boulangeries.  living room with a sofa (possible sleeping place for 1 people), a flat-screen TV and a table,  free wifi access -A  fully equipped kitchen: ceran hobs, oven, fridge,  dish washer, a Nespresso machine and waterboiler -two large bedrooms, with a double bed, King size & brand new luxurious bedding. Sheets are also provided -A bathroom with bath and a hair dryer
33713	It is a five  room apartment located on the first floor with a lift and has 169m2  area ,  and a terrace with 50m2   . It can accommodate up to 8 people The apartment includes 1 kitchen , 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , 1 living room , 1 other living room under a veranda , 1 terrace  .   KITCHEN: The kitchen is fully equipped with hot plates, a  oven, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a washer and a large sink with plenty of space for cooking. LIVING ROOM : It is furnished with a double sofa bed, a dining table for eight, a coffee table, a large screen cable TV with international channels . It also includes the telephone and a connexion to the internet. BEDROOMS: They  have all double beds with  tables. BATHROOM: one with the bathtub and one with shower VERANDA : with a large coach , and yoga mats !! with view on the terrace for lunch or diner  	this apartment is located in the heart of Montmartre , near  Marché Saint Pierre, 200 meters , from Sacre Cœur Basilica. A Unique and atypical place It is a five  room apartment located on the first floor with a lift and has 169m2  area ,  and a terrace with 50m2   . It can accommodate up to 8 people The apartment includes 1 kitchen , 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , 1 living room , 1 other living room under a veranda , 1 terrace  .   KITCHEN: The kitchen is fully equipped with hot plates, a  oven, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a washer and a large sink with plenty of space for cooking. LIVING ROOM : It is furnished with a double sofa bed, a dining table for eight, a coffee table, a large screen cable TV with international channels . It also includes the telephone and a connexion to the internet. BEDROOMS: They  have all double beds with  tables. BATHROOM: one with the bathtub and one with shower VERANDA : with a large coach , and yoga mats !! with view on the terrace for lunch or diner  Exc
33714		Logement de deux artistes, l'apart est bien fournis en couleur et vie. 2 chambres(ou 1 chambre et salon) salle de bain, petite cuisine.Grandes fenetres, bcp de lumiere. Quartier vivant, mélangé en culture, juste derriere Montmartre, a côté du métro. tres proche de touts transports, metro, bus et vélib.
33715	Apartment composed of: - a bedroom with a double bed and a television, - a living room with a kitchen - a bathroom with a bathtub.  The apartment is located on the 4th floor, on the courtyard, so it's really bright and quiet.	Quiet apartment very near to Montmartre (romantic part of Paris where you climb charming stairways and have an amazing view on the city). The building is next to 2 metro lines and located in a lively area with bars and restaurants. Apartment composed of: - a bedroom with a double bed and a television, - a living room with a kitchen - a bathroom with a bathtub.  The apartment is located on the 4th floor, on the courtyard, so it's really bright and quiet. Montmartre is one of the most charming neighborhoods in Paris, where famous artists used to live.  From the apartment, you'll be able: -  to walk directly to the Basilica Sacre-Coeur, from where you'll have an amazing view on Paris,  -  to wander the streets with many shops,  -  and to enjoy the typically Parisian cafés, restaurants and bars. In less than 5 minutes, you can take two metro lines (line 4 and line 12) and be : - in Châtelet (15 minutes),  - in front of Notre-Dame Cathedral (20-25 minutes),  - in The Tuileries Garden (20 mi
33716	" near the sacré cœur and the famous""place du tertre "" (200m) our appartement is like suite in a palace  The apartment overlooks a private garden where calm and serenity Will wrap you up . This elegant studio (28m2) at the 2nd floor is totally renovated in 2013 in a contemporate and chic style. The loft apparence of this apartment  with 3 windows (garden view),a confortable bed (140/200),a loveseat chesterfield. The kitchen entirely design and equipped with all the services (microwave,refrigerator,cooktop,coffee machine (nespresso) washing machine ,and à bar for dinner. Thé ultra modern bathroom with bath and shower (à radiator for towels,hairdryer) Also,all the service included (TV,DVD BLURAY,WIFI,INTERNATIONAL CALL ,bedspread,sheetsprovided ,towels iron provided,safety box) In this area ,famous artistic zone ,you Will find all the traditional restaurants and the réal Spirit of Paris "	" near the sacré cœur and the famous""place du tertre "" (200m) our appartement is like suite in a palace  The apartment overlooks a private garden where calm and serenity Will wrap you up . This elegant studio (28m2) at the 2nd floor is totally renovated in 2013 in a contemporate and chic style. The loft apparence of this apartment  with 3 windows (garden view),a confortable bed (140/200),a loveseat chesterfield. The kitchen entirely design and equipped with all the services (microwave,refrigerator,cooktop,coffee machine (nespresso) washing machine ,and à bar for dinner. Thé ultra modern bathroom with bath and shower (à radiator for towels,hairdryer) Also,all the service included (TV,DVD BLURAY,WIFI,INTERNATIONAL CALL ,bedspread,sheetsprovided ,towels iron provided,safety box) In this area ,famous artistic zone ,you Will find all the traditional restaurants and the réal Spirit of Paris "
33717	The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very short time because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. For your stay in Paris at least 2 days to several months, I rent a studio 15m2 fully equipped and renovated.  The 2nd floor, this studio can accommodate 2 people.  The apartment is located on the street. It is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a dining table for two with two chairs, a flat screen TV, an Internet connection via WiFi and ADSL. A kitchenette with 2 electric rings, fridge, freezer and all necessa	The price includes: towels, linens, wifi, cleaning on departure) The apartment is very well located, you have two subway stations nearby, you access to all the monuments of Paris with easy access and very short time because the two subway stations near the apartment allows you to access in less than 30 minutes to Champs Elysees, Invalides, Louvre, Concorde, Montmartre, etc. ... then all stations Montparnasse, Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, Gare Saint-Lazare) You also have several buses nearby, many shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc .... Montmarte is a 10 minute walk. For your stay in Paris at least 2 days to several months, I rent a studio 15m2 fully equipped and renovated.  The 2nd floor, this studio can accommodate 2 people.  The apartment is located on the street. It is furnished with a sofa bed for 2 persons, a dining table for two with two chairs, a flat screen TV, an Internet connection via WiFi and ADSL. A kitchenette with 2 electric rings, fridge, freezer and all necessa
33718	Location is just perfect: one of Paris best bakeries is only few minutes away, by Delmontel’s. Supermarkets with large choice of French food are round the corner, delicious restaurants in the very close Rue des Martyrs; the historic Moulin rouge, bistrots and the concert hall La Cigale, Le Trianon and Le Divan du Monde are walking distance from our flat. Public transports will bring you wherever you want in Paris: metro lines 2, 4 and 12 (direct to Arc de Triomphe in 10 minutes, Concorde-Tuileries-Louvre in 10 minutes, Père Lachaise in 10 minutes, etc). Closest station is Abesses line 12	"Nice Space : 60m2 Lots of light: 4 Windows Wood floor At the top of the CITY In the heart of Montmartre : place des Abbesses  15 mn from the center of paris  Well distributed to access to all places : subway , busses ... Welcome ! Location is just perfect: one of Paris best bakeries is only few minutes away, by Delmontel’s. Supermarkets with large choice of French food are round the corner, delicious restaurants in the very close Rue des Martyrs; the historic Moulin rouge, bistrots and the concert hall La Cigale, Le Trianon and Le Divan du Monde are walking distance from our flat. Public transports will bring you wherever you want in Paris: metro lines 2, 4 and 12 (direct to Arc de Triomphe in 10 minutes, Concorde-Tuileries-Louvre in 10 minutes, Père Lachaise in 10 minutes, etc). Closest station is Abesses line 12 All access As much as they need, never more than they want ! Rue des martyrs is the best place for croissants, baguettes, cheese, wines and charcuterie ! ""Bistronomy"", with 2"
33719	Highlights of the apartment: Apartment 2 bedrooms ( To : 3) Free Wifi Free parking	Located 1.1 km from Sacré-Coeur, LB Consulting- Rouanet offers pet-friendly accommodation in Paris. The kitchenette comes with a microwave, a refrigerator and a stovetop and there is a private bathroom. A TV with satellite channels is featured. Highlights of the apartment: Apartment 2 bedrooms ( To : 3) Free Wifi Free parking There is bus and metro near the apartment, for more détails contact me :) You can contact me anytime
33720	This 50m2 one bedroom apartment (plus living-room with fully equipped open kitchen, a full bathroom with bathtub and shower, TWO WC, a walk-in dressing-room, a powder room), is ideal for couples who want to enjoy life in Paris downtown at its best in a great village atmosphere while staying in an apartment for the price of a two star tiny hotel room. A third guest can be accommodated in the living room with a futon-sofa that is easily convertible into a single bed, preferably for a youngster.  Four double glazed French windows overlooking quiet courtyards make this apartment bright and full of sunlight on mornings when Paris skies are fair. Located on the top floor (six flights of stairs) of a well maintained and late 19th century Parisian building and two secured entrances to the building, it provides you with a glimpse of the Parisians rooftops that can only be seen from the top. The bedroom has a queen sized bed. It is en suite (with a sliding glass door separation) with a full bath	Enjoy great village atmosphere in the Abbesses neighborhood --a prime habitat in Montmartre for movie directors and actors, Tv producers, and a sprinkling of expats-- while Opera and Champs Elysées are just 20 minutes away through bus or metro.  This 50m2 one bedroom apartment (plus living-room with fully equipped open kitchen, a full bathroom with bathtub and shower, TWO WC, a walk-in dressing-room, a powder room), is ideal for couples who want to enjoy life in Paris downtown at its best in a great village atmosphere while staying in an apartment for the price of a two star tiny hotel room. A third guest can be accommodated in the living room with a futon-sofa that is easily convertible into a single bed, preferably for a youngster.  Four double glazed French windows overlooking quiet courtyards make this apartment bright and full of sunlight on mornings when Paris skies are fair. Located on the top floor (six flights of stairs) of a well maintained and late 19th century Parisian buil
33721	Plusieurs supermarchés sont ouverts à proximité (jusque 21h). L'appartement est bien équipé notamment d'un fer à repasser, machine à laver, four. Il existe notamment de nombreux restaurants à proximité! N'hésitez pas à me demander les bonnes adresses.	A private room in a lovely apartment near Abesses. Equipped  with laundry, oven, bathtub. Towels and sheets are also prepared for newly arriving guests. Nice neighborhood with restaurants, supermarkets open late, bars and pubs. Subway (12,4 lines)
33722		Neuf, douillet vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur, Idéal pour un couple ! Entièrement équipé et très calme. Situé dans le 18e, vous serez à 15 minutes à pieds de Montmartre ! Deux lignes de métro (4/12) permettent de se déplacer aisément dans Paris.  
33723	Hello and welcome to you,        In a spacious three-room apartment 65m ² in the legendary 18 arrondissement of Paris located on the 5th floor with elevator in a quiet shopping area (several supermarkets, bakeries, butchers and a market premiere 2 times per week), restaurants, bars nearby. Jules joffrin metro line 12 and line 13 Guy Moquet. A 15 minute walk from Montmartre and the Sacred Heart and the Moulin Rouge, Opera and the Champs Elysées 15/20 minutes by bus to the foot of the building, the Eiffel Tower in 25 minutes by subway. 15 minutes from the Gare du Nord and east. I will rent a large private room of 15m ² with balcony and garden, lounge, kitchen, bathroom, separate WC .. are at your disposal. As if you were at You! Do not hesitate to contact me :) Fabien	Hello and welcome to you,        In a spacious three-room apartment 65m ² in the legendary 18 arrondissement of Paris located on the 5th floor with elevator in a quiet shopping area (several supermarkets, bakeries, butchers and a market premiere 2 times per week), restaurants, bars nearby. Jules joffrin metro line 12 and line 13 Guy Moquet. A 15 minute walk from Montmartre and the Sacred Heart and the Moulin Rouge, Opera and the Champs Elysées 15/20 minutes by bus to the foot of the building, the Eiffel Tower in 25 minutes by subway. 15 minutes from the Gare du Nord and east. I will rent a large private room of 15m ² with balcony and garden, lounge, kitchen, bathroom, separate WC .. are at your disposal. As if you were at You! Do not hesitate to contact me :) Fabien
33724	very beautiful and big room in the exotic area PARIS near MONTMARTRE SACRE COEUR 400 meters by walk	very beautiful and big room in the exotic area PARIS near MONTMARTRE SACRE COEUR 400 meters by walk very beautiful and big room in the exotic area PARIS near MONTMARTRE SACRE COEUR 400 meters by walk
33725		Beautiful one bedroom apartment full of light with a private terrace. Great location : a 3mn walk from the subway in Boho Paris 18th
33726		This lovely studio, located in the 18th, is composed by a main room, a fully equipped kitchen and a functional bathroom. The apartment is 10 minutes’ walk from Montmartre and 15 minutes’ walk from Marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen. There are two metro lines (line 4 and line 12) that easily go to the main touristic places of Paris. The neighbourhood offers a lot of restaurants, cafés and shops. A perfect place to discover Paris with a cool price!! Note that check-in time is 6:30 pm during week-days.
33727	"25-30 m2 apartment located in the heart of Montmartre. On the second floor of a building located in a quiet pedestrian street with access to a private common and sunny garden. Fully furnished, large living room with double bed,  DVD player with TV, stereo, WiFi (we have a problem with the internet provider, hope it won't last too long, we do provide codes in order to have a connection at least), desk and plenty of storage. A separate fully equipped kitchen with dining table, fridge / freezer, toaster, electric hob, washers, coffee machine, etc... An independent bathroom with shower and toilet. In the entrance hall and a large wardrobe and coat rack. Sheets and towels provided. Located in Montmartre, a very lively and famous neighborhood of Paris where the movie ""Amelie From Paris"" was shot, apartment ideal for a romantic stay in Paris."	"25-30 m2 apartment located in the heart of Montmartre. On the second floor of a building located in a quiet pedestrian street with access to a private common and sunny garden. Fully furnished, large living room with double bed,  DVD player with TV, stereo, WiFi (we have a problem with the internet provider, hope it won't last too long, we do provide codes in order to have a connection at least), desk and plenty of storage. A separate fully equipped kitchen with dining table, fridge / freezer, toaster, electric hob, washers, coffee machine, etc... An independent bathroom with shower and toilet. In the entrance hall and a large wardrobe and coat rack. Sheets and towels provided. Located in Montmartre, a very lively and famous neighborhood of Paris where the movie ""Amelie From Paris"" was shot, apartment ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. A common garden with table & chairs. Best neighborhood of Paris: Montmartre! All shops, restaurants and cafes close by. Metro station Abbesses is 100 m "
33728	2 BEDROOM APPARTMENT IN MONTMARTRE Fully furnished (5 min away by walk from Moulin Rouge and Sacre Coeur): -Linen, Washing Machine, Dryer, Iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV full access, Internet by ADSL-CABLE + WIFI ACCESS.  - Heating: Central - Hot water: Central, etc.... 	2 BEDROOM APPARTMENT IN MONTMARTRE Fully furnished (5 min away by walk from Moulin Rouge and Sacre Coeur): -Linen, Washing Machine, Dryer, Iron, vacuum cleaner.  - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV full access, Internet by ADSL-CABLE + WIFI ACCESS.  - Heating: Central - Hot water: Central, etc.... 
33729	We welcome you in a distinguished and typically Parisian appartement (wood floor, fireplace, great windows), 592 square feet, ideally located just below the highly active Montmartre area, with fully equipped kitchen. If you want to enjoy the must-see of Paris, Sacré coeur is 10 minutes from here and you can reach the famous fashion shops of Boulevard Haussman (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.) in less than 15 minutes. If you're looking for a more relaxing time, it's really an easy area to live in with  all daily shops just next door (Monoprix, Monop, Carrefour Market) and some of the best streets for delicatessen, bakeries and all small fine shops (rue des Martyrs, rue des Abbesses). There's plenty of nice coffee places to enjoy the summer.  You also can easily join any place in Paris through subway lines 2 and 12 and a wide range of bus lines. This is the perfect base to enjoy Paris with some friends.  Feel free to ask if you need more informations !	Enjoy a lively area with a lot of nice food shops and cafés/bar, visit Pigalle and Montmartre, and move easily through Paris ! We welcome you in a distinguished and typically Parisian appartement (wood floor, fireplace, great windows), 592 square feet, ideally located just below the highly active Montmartre area, with fully equipped kitchen. If you want to enjoy the must-see of Paris, Sacré coeur is 10 minutes from here and you can reach the famous fashion shops of Boulevard Haussman (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.) in less than 15 minutes. If you're looking for a more relaxing time, it's really an easy area to live in with  all daily shops just next door (Monoprix, Monop, Carrefour Market) and some of the best streets for delicatessen, bakeries and all small fine shops (rue des Martyrs, rue des Abbesses). There's plenty of nice coffee places to enjoy the summer.  You also can easily join any place in Paris through subway lines 2 and 12 and a wide range of bus lines. This is the p
33730	I am staying at the apartment when i rent it. You will have your own room and access to shared bathroom and kitchen. During week days I leave the flat from 8.30 to 8pm (or later), and on weekends, I am out of the flat most of the time.	Welcome to our apartment located in a quiet street of (website hidden) doubt you will be able to enjoy Parisian style life here! Clean, convenient and luminous place Advantageous location and lively neighborhood. Free tips on Paris from your host ;) I am staying at the apartment when i rent it. You will have your own room and access to shared bathroom and kitchen. During week days I leave the flat from 8.30 to 8pm (or later), and on weekends, I am out of the flat most of the time. You will have your own key to access the building and the flat. I can give you some tips about the area and anything you are interested in in Paris :) If you simply want to enjoy the flat and be by yourself, no problem, that works too :)
33731		L'appartement est fonctionnel et situé à deux pas du métro Barbès-Rochechouart, les deux autres colocataires sont top, le balcon est exposé au soleil entre midi et 20h. Petits bémols : la chambre est petite et le lit est un matelas posé au sol.
33732	My flat is huge but I live with three other friends, a boy and two girls. If you are open to speak to them, they will do the same and you will enjoy the atmosphere of this place.	Only for a staying period of 3 nights or more, 15min from Châtelet by metro (very close, down the street), spacious private room in a shared apartment (140m2) with three friends. Montmartre is only 5 min by foot. My flat is huge but I live with three other friends, a boy and two girls. If you are open to speak to them, they will do the same and you will enjoy the atmosphere of this place. My room is next to the living room, which is close to the main entrance. You can use the living room which is shared with everyone. The kitchen is free to use as well. Since I am recently out of France, you will deal with the fl@tmates once you arrive in Paris, but they are very kind, don't worry ! The neighborhood is very dynamic during the day where the street down my apartment is full of people trading mostly phones and cheap clothes, but it is a funny place. And after 10pm, the street become very calm. The metro Barbes-Rochechouart is only 2min of walk from my place. There is the Gare du Nord at 1
33733	"Beautiful apartment on the 2nd floor.  Near the subway ""Marcadet Poissonniers"", 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from central Paris.Subways : Marcadet Poissonniers (lignes 4 and 12). Completely renovated and equipped : Tv, INTERNET WIFI.  Very nice, all comforts...  A room with a double bed (160x200).  The kitchen whitch is in the living room, is equipped (fridge, washing machine, oven coffee maker Nespresso...)."	"Beautiful apartment on the 2nd floor.  Near the subway ""Marcadet Poissonniers"", 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, 20 minutes by subway from central Paris.Subways : Marcadet Poissonniers (lignes 4 and 12). Completely renovated and equipped : Tv, INTERNET WIFI.  Very nice, all comforts...  A room with a double bed (160x200).  The kitchen whitch is in the living room, is equipped (fridge, washing machine, oven coffee maker Nespresso...)."
33734	1 bedroom on the 3rd floor with elevator 5 minutes from Montmartre by walk. View on a courtyard, very quiet and calm (no traffic noise !). 42 sq meters with 1 bedroom, a bathroom with a bathtub, separated wc, a living room/dining room (with a sofa bed) and an open kitchen. Flat tv screen, cable, dvd player, wifi access, oven, micro waves, dish washer, washing machine, Nespresso machine, kettle, toasteur ... Free calls to landlines to France, USA, Canada, England, Spain, Italy, Australia… International channels.  Sheets and towels provided for. Also, soap, shampoo and shower gel. Very well located : 100 meters from 2 subway stations (line 12 : Jules Joffrin and line 4 : Simplon), many buses, cab stations, velib (rent a bike everywhere !) Several supermarkets (one of which is open 7/7 from 7AM to 11PM right on the street). A nice pedestrian street market, food market on Tuesdays and Sundays. 5 minutes walk from the famous flea market. 10 minutes walk to the Sacre Coeur (or by the cute Mo	Nice and cosy 1 bedroom appartment fully equipped! For 4 persons. All the confort you need 5 minutes from Montmartre and the Sacre Cœur. All main Paris attractions and sightseeing can be reached direct by buses and subway.  Questions ? Just ask me ! 1 bedroom on the 3rd floor with elevator 5 minutes from Montmartre by walk. View on a courtyard, very quiet and calm (no traffic noise !). 42 sq meters with 1 bedroom, a bathroom with a bathtub, separated wc, a living room/dining room (with a sofa bed) and an open kitchen. Flat tv screen, cable, dvd player, wifi access, oven, micro waves, dish washer, washing machine, Nespresso machine, kettle, toasteur ... Free calls to landlines to France, USA, Canada, England, Spain, Italy, Australia… International channels.  Sheets and towels provided for. Also, soap, shampoo and shower gel. Very well located : 100 meters from 2 subway stations (line 12 : Jules Joffrin and line 4 : Simplon), many buses, cab stations, velib (rent a bike everywhere !) Sev
33735	Built in the early 1900s, our building is typical of this era : each room has hardwood floors, a fireplace, lovely moldings and a high ceiling. It was recently renovated and tastefully decorated. It has a fully equipped kitchen, a new bathroom, separate toilets, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, TV, WIFI	Our lovely one-bedroom apartment can accommodate 2 people. Comfortable, clean and calm, it comes fully equipped. It is located close to several subway stations on the more typical and less touristy north-east side of Montmartre.   Built in the early 1900s, our building is typical of this era : each room has hardwood floors, a fireplace, lovely moldings and a high ceiling. It was recently renovated and tastefully decorated. It has a fully equipped kitchen, a new bathroom, separate toilets, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, TV, WIFI Guests will have access to the whole apartment and all of its equipments. The apartment is located in a very calm street but in a lively neighborhood. The beautiful and typical Montmartre is only a 15-minute stroll away. Shop for groceries at the local market 3 times a week (100m from the apartment) or at the supermarket (50m) Shop for baguettes at the local boulangerie (30m from the apartment) Easy access from CDG airport by train (RER B to Gare du Nord) t
33736	The property has been furnished and fitted out to a very high standard and well maintained. A central staircase enables the property to be utilised as one residence, although each level benefits from its own direct access from the main staircase and lift. Each floor also has both reception and bedroom accommodation providing flexibility for either entertaining or family living. The Villa is decorated in elegant, luxury contemporary furniture’s design. Gym, Jacuzzi.The decoration was been particularly looked after. Numerous works of art offer to this space a unique stamp. Paintings, bronzes, photos illuminate this place of exception.  The house is Air conditioned and gather all the modern amenities a luxury house should ( 4 meter projector screen in the living room , 46” LCD in the master , Cable TV , DVD, High speed internet, Private phones ,spacious closet space) . Linen, towels, china and cutlery are provided. corect address: 16 Avenue D'eylau, 75116  	42 rue championnet  Ligne 4 du métro Arrêt Simplon  18éme Arrondissement  Tous les services et commerces possibles à deux pas.  Montmartre, Sacré cœur, Restaurants..etc  Linge 4 métro arrét simplon  Toutes les gares en ligne direct ou presque 
33737		chambre double dans appartement refait à neuf,   dans immeuble calme, et dans quartier très sympathique 
33738	Cosy parisian flat small (46m²) but well optimized with 2 bedrooms. Kitchen fully equiped. Bathroom and WC remodeled in 2014. Located at the 2nd floor without elevator. CAPACITY AND COMFORT : Configuration de base (3 couchages) : CH n°1 (sur rue) : lit 160x200 cm CH n°2 (sur cour) : lit 80x200 cm Note : Un bébé dormant dans le lit à barreau de la chambre n°2 loge gracieusement. Couchages supplémentaires : CH n°2 : le lit est convertible (160x200 cm) SALON : canapé convertible (130x180 cm)* *We change the couch in 2014. Now, there is much more space in the living room but the sofa bed is smaller and less confortable (best to be young !).	Cosy and well-equiped appartment, nearby Montmartre and the Flea Market (10 minutes walk), in a commercial and busy neighbourhood. Many subway and bus stations. Cosy parisian flat small (46m²) but well optimized with 2 bedrooms. Kitchen fully equiped. Bathroom and WC remodeled in 2014. Located at the 2nd floor without elevator. CAPACITY AND COMFORT : Configuration de base (3 couchages) : CH n°1 (sur rue) : lit 160x200 cm CH n°2 (sur cour) : lit 80x200 cm Note : Un bébé dormant dans le lit à barreau de la chambre n°2 loge gracieusement. Couchages supplémentaires : CH n°2 : le lit est convertible (160x200 cm) SALON : canapé convertible (130x180 cm)* *We change the couch in 2014. Now, there is much more space in the living room but the sofa bed is smaller and less confortable (best to be young !). CAUTION : Be aware that the appartment is nice for  3/4 persons. We can host up to 6 people (+ 1 in the baby bed) but il will be quite small. We try to be there when you arrived, or have good fr
33739		Appartement fonctionnel, refait complètement à neuf !  Super lumineux et calme... L énorme plus: un balcon assez grand pour prendre son petit déjeuner!  La déco me ressemble... du neuf, des objets chinés, un patchwork de souvenirs!!
33740	"A room in a beautiful and very quiet apartment a few steps away from Montmartre !! To book, please, check the available dates on the calender of ""a few step away from Montmartre"" to sleep : A double bed in a private bedroom : 140cm x 200cm  to share : A very spacious and bright  space  with a living room, a diner room, a kitchen,  a bathroom and  separated wc. Sleeping :  Surface area: 55 m2  Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. Subway: Lamarck Caulaincourt/ Jules Joffrin (L12), Marcadet poissonnière (L4)  Unique asset :  A few steps away from Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge. Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open markets. "	"A room in a beautiful and very quiet apartment a few steps away from Montmartre !! To book, please, check the available dates on the calender of ""a few step away from Montmartre"" to sleep : A double bed in a private bedroom : 140cm x 200cm  to share : A very spacious and bright  space  with a living room, a diner room, a kitchen,  a bathroom and  separated wc. Sleeping :  Surface area: 55 m2  Secured building with digicode Property all equipped : TV, Internet, washing machine, towels, etc. Subway: Lamarck Caulaincourt/ Jules Joffrin (L12), Marcadet poissonnière (L4)  Unique asset :  A few steps away from Sacré Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge. Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village within the city, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open markets. "
33741	Welcome to my  very clear and sunny apartment. 100 m2, standing. Close to Montmartre and the most famous flea market in Paris.  It's also a great place to get into other parts of Paris if you want to.   Balconny with a nice view of the City hall and a church. Wonderful bakeries, fishmongers, butchers, cheese shops, just across the apartment and supermarkets very close have everything you need in case you want to cook and eat at home. Very nice house Keepers on duty from 8 am to 12 : 30 and from 4 : 30 to 7 : 30 pm.  Main room 35 M2. Parquet flooring.   6th floor with a lift. 3/4 rooms. Very good bedding in 2 bedrooms. 1 with 2 single beds and 1 with 1 double bed. 1  double bed more in the living (brand new).  Bathroom with a bath.  Convenient and quite large kitchen. Washing machines (Clothes and dishes).   TV. Internet WI FI. Sheets and fluffy towels included. Ideal for a family with 2 or 3 children. Metro lignes 12 and 4. Station Jules Joffrin or Simplon. Taxis and a lot of buses at 	Welcome to my  very clear, sunny, parisian apartment.You'll feel at home.  100 m2, standing. 4/5 rooms.  Close to Montmartre and metro and bus station.    It's a great place to get into other parts of Paris if you want to.   Flowering balconny.   Welcome to my  very clear and sunny apartment. 100 m2, standing. Close to Montmartre and the most famous flea market in Paris.  It's also a great place to get into other parts of Paris if you want to.   Balconny with a nice view of the City hall and a church. Wonderful bakeries, fishmongers, butchers, cheese shops, just across the apartment and supermarkets very close have everything you need in case you want to cook and eat at home. Very nice house Keepers on duty from 8 am to 12 : 30 and from 4 : 30 to 7 : 30 pm.  Main room 35 M2. Parquet flooring.   6th floor with a lift. 3/4 rooms. Very good bedding in 2 bedrooms. 1 with 2 single beds and 1 with 1 double bed. 1  double bed more in the living (brand new).  Bathroom with a bath.  Convenient 
33742		Beautiful apartment in the up and coming neighborhood of Montmartre with lots and space (65m2) and a lovely parisian view, fully equiped.      
33743		Wonderful appartment near close to Montmartre and to the
33744		Une chambre est disponible dans un appartement situé dans le 18ème arrondissement. Il est accessible par la ligne 4, 2 et 12. Les pièces: salle de bain et cuisine sont en commun avec un jeune travailleur.  
33745	Grand espace de vie, avec en prime un belle terrasse orientée plein sud, ce qui permet passer de bons moments de convivialité aux beaux jours !  Conseils sur Paris (sorties, visites, etc.) / advices about Paris (visits, restaurants, etc.) Ouverts pour discuter autour d'un verre ou d'un diner / share some discussions with some wine and cheese :) 3 minutes à pied du métro La Chapelle (ligne 2 + accès Gare du Nord - RER) ou Stalingrad (lignes 2 et 5) 10 minutes à pied e Gare du Nord	Appartement neuf 4 pièces, très lumineux et calme de 80m2, tout équipé. Grand séjour salle à manger cuisine - très agréable à vivre. Terrasse ensoleillée de 20m2. Quartier animé et proche Gare du Nord, Montmartre et canal Saint Martin. Très bien desservi par transports en commun.  Grand espace de vie, avec en prime un belle terrasse orientée plein sud, ce qui permet passer de bons moments de convivialité aux beaux jours !  Conseils sur Paris (sorties, visites, etc.) / advices about Paris (visits, restaurants, etc.) Ouverts pour discuter autour d'un verre ou d'un diner / share some discussions with some wine and cheese :) 3 minutes à pied du métro La Chapelle (ligne 2 + accès Gare du Nord - RER) ou Stalingrad (lignes 2 et 5) 10 minutes à pied e Gare du Nord Pour les personnes venant en voiture, nous mettons à disposition une place de parking dans le parking sous terrain de la résidence.  Conseils sur Paris (sorties, visites, etc.) / advices about Paris (visits, restaurants, etc.) Ouvert
33746	I live in a typical parisian building and in a charming section : Montmartre !	Born in Paris, journalist, I know the city very well and would be able to give you good advices. My flat is bright, very calm and well decorated : sculpture is one of my hobby. I live in a typical parisian building and in a charming section : Montmartre ! You will have access to the bathroom, the toilets and the kitchen. During your stay, I will be present to give you advices about the city. We can share a drink or a coffee in my living room. My section is Montmartre, not far from the Sacré Cœur, but it is not located in the very touristic aera. The neighborhood is authentic, lively with a lots of bars and restaurants. My flat is not far from the subway station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12). You can also walk to the line 13 (the station is Guy Moquet). Other option : the bus. The line 95 goes to Le Louvre, Saint-Germain des Près, Montparnasse. The line 31 goes to Champs-Elysées. There is a cat in the flat, very nice and quiet.
33747	Its a 2-room cosy and charming apartment with an amazing location in the very center of Montmartre and very quiet at the same time ! I'll remain available during your stay, you should require anything special.  As this is my first	Very charming and quiet 2-room apartment (35m² = 376.74ft²) located in the heart of Montmartre, 30 seconds from the Sacré Coeur ! Cozy living room, fully equipped American kitchen, comfy bedroom and bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Its a 2-room cosy and charming apartment with an amazing location in the very center of Montmartre and very quiet at the same time ! I'll remain available during your stay, you should require anything special.  As this is my first The whole flat will be yours !  Guides, books and magazines about Paris will be left at your disposal.  WIFI, TV, I-phone/I-pod dock I'll be here to welcome you and would be very happy to show you around the neighborhood if you're interested ! I'm also reachable on my cell at anytime for any urgent or less urgent questions during your stay. It feels like a small village in the very heart of Paris. Very cute and animated streets.  Amazing views on Paris !  Typical parisian streets, a lot of cute bars and restaurants of any
33748	This typical flat (2 rooms) in the heart of Montmartre,(between rue des Abbesses and rue Lepic) will allow you to enjoy a truly parisian experience. It is full of charm (nice views) in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life. The accommodation is in a perfect location with fantastic sights in walking distance.  It is a typical parisien flat, with wooden floor thorough the flat, and moulding on the ceiling reflecting Parisian decorative art. The flat is flooded with light, quiet and the perfect base to explore Paris or just relax. The living room and the bedroom are overlooking a nice street closed to rue des Abbesses et rue Lepic, you can walk easily to everywhere It consists of one bedroom with a 160x200cm bed, a living room as well as a separated kitchen and bathroom. 	This typical flat (2 rooms) in the heart of Montmartre,(between rue des Abbesses and rue Lepic) will allow you to enjoy a truly parisian experience. It is full of charm (nice views) in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life. This typical flat (2 rooms) in the heart of Montmartre,(between rue des Abbesses and rue Lepic) will allow you to enjoy a truly parisian experience. It is full of charm (nice views) in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life. The accommodation is in a perfect location with fantastic sights in walking distance.  It is a typical parisien flat, with wooden floor thorough the flat, and moulding on the ceiling reflecting Parisian decorative art. The flat is flooded with light, quiet and the perfect base to explore Paris or just relax. The living room and the bedroom are overlooking a nice street closed to rue des Abbesses et rue Lepic, you can walk easily to everywhere It consists of one bedroom with a 160x200cm bed, a 
33749	Disposant de 3 fenêtres et très bien exposé, c'est un appartement très lumineux, situé au 2e étage, une fois les fenêtres fermées il est très bien insonorisé.	Appartement comprenant une cuisine/salle à manger/salon, salle de bain, toilettes et chambre séparée.  Selon les dates, il est possible d'avoir un canapé lit dans le salon (35euros / nuit) ou bien l'appartement entier, n'hésitez pas à demander. Disposant de 3 fenêtres et très bien exposé, c'est un appartement très lumineux, situé au 2e étage, une fois les fenêtres fermées il est très bien insonorisé. Proche métro ligne 4 (3min), ligne 12 (4min) et différentes lignes de bus.
33750		Very well located, 60 secs walk to Metro and RER B (airport), the flat is modern and lovely fully equipped. Owner built a great American Kitchen, smart bathroom design, cosy living room.
33751	"7th floor  of an art deco building in Montmartre, enjoy all day (and all night !) a wonderful 180° view on Paris all around the flat, from the living room to the kitchen ( Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Défense...). Unique ! Outstanding point of view on Paris, facing south, as if you were on top of a lighthouse (Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Défense, Invalides, Grand Palais, Montparnasse, etc). Small balcony accessible from the kitchen door. In the Abbesses neighborhood, you will get to know the real parisian Montmarte life ! Almost a village, with its paved streets, bars, food shops... Nearby, the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle's night life and the Moulin-Rouge, a lot of coffee shops and restaurants... A bit further but still close, the flea market and the ""grands boulevards"". Subway : lines 2, 13 (Place de Clichy), 12 (Abbesses or Lamarck-Caulaincourt) Bus : Montmartrobus, 95"	Au 7ème étage d'un immeuble art déco, sur la butte Montmartre, profitez à toute heure de la journée d'une incroyable vue à 180° sur Paris tout autour de l'appartement, du salon à la cuisine (Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Défense...). Unique ! 7th floor  of an art deco building in Montmartre, enjoy all day (and all night !) a wonderful 180° view on Paris all around the flat, from the living room to the kitchen ( Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Défense...). Unique ! Outstanding point of view on Paris, facing south, as if you were on top of a lighthouse (Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, Défense, Invalides, Grand Palais, Montparnasse, etc). Small balcony accessible from the kitchen door. In the Abbesses neighborhood, you will get to know the real parisian Montmarte life ! Almost a village, with its paved streets, bars, food shops... Nearby, the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle's night life and the Moulin-Rouge, a lot of coffee shops and restaurants... A bit further but still close, the flea market and the 
33752	My 52 m2 apartment is for your rest when you travel in Paris.  It is located in a very calm, famous and lovely street, near the Lapin Agile, just in front of Dalida statue, and above the artists's garden, very near by the Moulin de la Galette, la Place du Tertre where many artists are painting and drawing for you, beside the famous Sacré Coeur from where the sight on Paris is spectacular. My flat is decorated in world style, with many things brought from my travels. There is one bedroom with a 1,40 m bed, another room with a 1,60 m bed, separated from the living room by a thick curtain. So when you open the curtain you live in a 26 m2 living room. And a 0,80 m banket bed in this living room.  The kitchen is comfortable with everything you need, and has a view on trees and a lovely house dating 18th century. The WC are separated from the bathroom where you can have a real bath. Very near by, you have the metro Lamarck Caulaincourt, lane 12, that goes to Concorde, Saint Germain des Prés,	My 52 m2 apartment is for your rest when you travel in Paris.  It is located in a very calm, famous and lovely street, near the Lapin Agile, just in front of Dalida statue, and above the artists's garden, very near by the Moulin de la Galette, la Place du Tertre where many artists are painting and drawing for you, beside the famous Sacré Coeur from where the sight on Paris is spectacular. My flat is decorated in world style, with many things brought from my travels. There is one bedroom with a 1,40 m bed, another room with a 1,60 m bed, separated from the living room by a thick curtain. So when you open the curtain you live in a 26 m2 living room. And a 0,80 m banket bed in this living room.  The kitchen is comfortable with everything you need, and has a view on trees and a lovely house dating 18th century. The WC are separated from the bathroom where you can have a real bath. Very near by, you have the metro Lamarck Caulaincourt, lane 12, that goes to Concorde, Saint Germain des Prés,
33753	5 minutes away from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), this apartment (perfect for 4 persons) is located in a really nice and very typical area (shops, bars, restaurants and parks).  Located at the heart of typical Montmartre, the apartment is very bright and quiet (courtyard side).  Enjoy the living room with TV, internet access with WiFi, convertible sofa (for 2), and a balcony The kitchen opened to the living room is fully equiped (expresso coffee machine, fridge, oven, microwave...)  The bedroom is equiped with a double bed and the bathroom has a bathtube. Bed linnen and towels included.  Close to subway:  - Chateau rouge - Line 4 (5 min) - Anvers - Line 2 (8 min) - Abbesses - Line 12 (10 min) Easy bicycle rental around (Velib') : 5 min Parking (charged) :  41, Boulevard de Rochechouard  75009 Paris  Parking in the street is free during week-end Time to destinations (subway):  - Eiffel tower / Trocadero (lines 2 and 6): 20 min  - Montmartre / Sacrée Coeur / Place du tertre (foot): 5 min	5 minutes away from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), this apartment (perfect for 4 persons) is located in a really nice and very typical area (shops, bars, restaurants and parks).  Located at the heart of typical Montmartre, the apartment is very bright and quiet (courtyard side).  Enjoy the living room with TV, internet access with WiFi, convertible sofa (for 2), and a balcony The kitchen opened to the living room is fully equiped (expresso coffee machine, fridge, oven, microwave...)  The bedroom is equiped with a double bed and the bathroom has a bathtube. Bed linnen and towels included.  Close to subway:  - Chateau rouge - Line 4 (5 min) - Anvers - Line 2 (8 min) - Abbesses - Line 12 (10 min) Easy bicycle rental around (Velib') : 5 min Parking (charged) :  41, Boulevard de Rochechouard  75009 Paris  Parking in the street is free during week-end Time to destinations (subway):  - Eiffel tower / Trocadero (lines 2 and 6): 20 min  - Montmartre / Sacrée Coeur / Place du tertre (foot): 5 min
33754	une belle vue de paris.	Cette appartement est situer dans un quartier vivant à Montmartre avec un accès à trois stations de métros (Anvers, Barbes Rochechouart et chateau) sur les ligne 2 et 4.  il y'a de nombreux lieux ou sortir et magasins pour faire ses courses. une belle vue de paris. facile d'accès... 6 étages à monter à pied pour profiter de la vue. Je suis disponible et aime bien en générale sortir avec mes convives voir même cuisiner vu que c'est l'une de mes passions en plus du cinéma et de barman.   je sors beaucoup donc qui veut me suivre est le bienvenue dans mes escapades... de plus je dormirais dans la chambre à coté donc je serai facilement abordable et suffisamment disponible pour vous aiguiller si besoin. Montmartre, très vivant comme lieu avec beaucoup de restaurant. Trois stations à 5min à pied.
33755	"Mon appartement cocooning, tout en couleurs et fonctionnel, est au coeur de l'animation montmartroise. Idéal pour les couples (avec ou sans enfant) ou amis qui veulent :  - profiter des festivités de ce quartier typique, au coeur de Paris : cosmopolite, créatif et d'un esprit ""petit village"", il est animé par ses bars et ses restaurants.  - se retrouver au sein d'un appartement montmartrois au mobilier vintage, plein de souvenirs de voyages. A 12 mn à pied de gare du nord, à 6 mn du métro ANVERS et à 3 mn du métro ABESSES ! Montmartroise de plus de 10 ans, j'échangerai volontiers sur les bonnes adresses et les immanquables à faire du quartier."	"Lovely apartment comfortable and stylishly furnished, ideal for couples (on 3rd floor without elevator) The neighbourhood is charming and lively, plenty of typical and recommended restaurants. Located at a walking distance from ""Sacré Coeur"" and ""Moulin Rouge"". Subway stations : Abesses and Anvers."
33756	The apartment is nice, clean and quiet. With its 50 sqm, the flat is well organized with independent bathroom. The Bedroom is big with a veranda offering a nice view o paris and a lot of light. it´s furnished with a big double bed.	Big 20 Sq meters bedroom with a view over Paris in an apartment in the heart of Montmartre. Close to the Metro Blanche , Amélie Poulain's and Moulin Rouge. In a typical and very quiet street . Shops nearby in famous lepic street leading to abesses. The apartment is nice, clean and quiet. With its 50 sqm, the flat is well organized with independent bathroom. The Bedroom is big with a veranda offering a nice view o paris and a lot of light. it´s furnished with a big double bed. Access free to the kitchen, living room and bathroom of course. Possibility to store food in the fridge. I am working a lot so during the week, the appartamemt will be free for you from 9 in the morning to at least 8 at night. I will be pleased to provide you all kind of advice to visit montmartre and Paris. Any special request, plese feel free to ask and i will do my best to help you. In the neighborhood, you’re close from le moulin rouge, le sacré coeur, la mosquée de Paris, le café d'amélie poulain, … And you’l
33757	This charming studio is located right in the Place des Abbesses; in the very heart of the Montmartre district. What makes it absolutely special is the location but especially the little garden - courtyard you will see from the windows. It is extremely quiet, you will almost feel in the countryside which is quite positive in the one of the most animated districts of Paris. The studio can accommodate two guests, just perfect for a romantic stay. Nevertheless you will be close to all the attractions of the neighborhood, the Sacré Coeur Basilica, the Moulin Rouge,  the Bateau Lavoir, the Place du Tertre and a few meters away from the metro station to access all the main attractions in Paris.	Beautiful completely renewed studio of 25m² at the Place des Abbesses in the heart of the Montmartre district. Very quiet flat with 2 windows facing a little garden on the south side of the hill. Fully equipped kitchen & bathroom with large shower. This charming studio is located right in the Place des Abbesses; in the very heart of the Montmartre district. What makes it absolutely special is the location but especially the little garden - courtyard you will see from the windows. It is extremely quiet, you will almost feel in the countryside which is quite positive in the one of the most animated districts of Paris. The studio can accommodate two guests, just perfect for a romantic stay. Nevertheless you will be close to all the attractions of the neighborhood, the Sacré Coeur Basilica, the Moulin Rouge,  the Bateau Lavoir, the Place du Tertre and a few meters away from the metro station to access all the main attractions in Paris. You will have access to the complete apartment with yo
33758	The Vélib station at the entrance of the building is really ultra-convenient (ticket price  week = 8€). The courtyard studio enjoys plenty of quiet and access to the ground floor is easy. The use of the common courtyard is possible if respect for the neighborhood (silence etc ...)	In a family and cultural district, 4 stations of Montmartre (10 minutes), the fully equipped workshop is quiet and renovated by architects (us). Can accommodate 4 people. Vélib front of the building. Near metro, RER and Gare du Nord. The Vélib station at the entrance of the building is really ultra-convenient (ticket price  week = 8€). The courtyard studio enjoys plenty of quiet and access to the ground floor is easy. The use of the common courtyard is possible if respect for the neighborhood (silence etc ...) Secure and independent access to the workshop by the court side, with intercom, magnetic badge and key. I propose advisor tips district of arrival (gastronomy or shopping), and the events of my knowledge (special events, exhibitions that I liked ...). In the limits of my english  !
33759	We live in a large apartment in La Chapelle (metro) with a view on the Sacre Coeur / Montmartre. Typical Parisien building and flat, it has an elevator, cheminees, hardwood floors, moldings ... There are 4 bedrooms, a large corridor, lounge, kitchen, bathroom and toilet.	Big parisian flat of 110 sqm; Private room. 4 roomates living there. Shared bathroom, kitchen. Nearby subway  We live in a large apartment in La Chapelle (metro) with a view on the Sacre Coeur / Montmartre. Typical Parisien building and flat, it has an elevator, cheminees, hardwood floors, moldings ... There are 4 bedrooms, a large corridor, lounge, kitchen, bathroom and toilet. 2 bedrooms with 2 places each, small desk, storage space, balcony.  Bathroom (shared) with shower, bath, washing machine, sink  A fully equipped kitchen: fridge, oven, stove, storage cupboard will be released.  Lounge (shared) with sofas, coffee table, dining table.  We share wifi. We do not have tv. We continue to live in the apartment during your stay (we are 2/4 roomates). Also, you will live with us as a roommate (we are very friendly, do not worry) and with a cat (she is very affectionate). The kitchen, and living room are common. The bathroom is also shared. Our apartment is for travelers who want to chat
33760	Nice 38 m2 flat on the 6th floor with elevator of a really nice old building. Beautifull view on Sacré Cœur church from the flat. Really securised building with 2 codes and a guardian. Parquet au sol, cheminée active. Parquet on the floor, and cheminee. Really closed from a pedestrian street with nice shop. Also really closed to Butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur Church, Pigalle's area... Underground and bus below the building	Nice 38 m2 flat on the 6th floor with elevator of a really nice old building. Beautifull view on Sacré Cœur church from the flat. Really securised building with 2 codes and a guardian. Parquet au sol, cheminée active. Parquet on the floor, and chemin Nice 38 m2 flat on the 6th floor with elevator of a really nice old building. Beautifull view on Sacré Cœur church from the flat. Really securised building with 2 codes and a guardian. Parquet au sol, cheminée active. Parquet on the floor, and cheminee. Really closed from a pedestrian street with nice shop. Also really closed to Butte Montmartre, Sacré Cœur Church, Pigalle's area... Underground and bus below the building TV Satellite WIFI Washing Machine Bathtube Microwave Oven Dressing Nespresso coffee machine We rent our flat to finance our own holidays Nice neightborhood with pedestrians street and nice little shops, typical restaurants and bars. 2 min by foot from buses and metro. Below Butte Montmartre 10 min by foot Sacré Coeur 10min
33761	Cet appartement de 40 m2 refait a neuf, est composé: une entrée, une cuisine, un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparées. La cuisine est fonctionnelle: machine à café + bouilloire + grille-pain + four + frigo + congélateur + micro-onde + plaque vitrocéramique. Sèche-cheveux, le shampoing et le gel douche sont fournis dans la salle de bain.	Appartement 2 pièces, 40m2, récemment rénové avec parquet, cheminée et moulures le tout allié au confort moderne. A 5 minutes à pieds de l'EUROSTAR/THALYS/RER B: AÉROPORT CDC. Accès direct: CHAMPS ELYSÉES, MONTMATRE, NOTRE DAME et CANAL SAINT MARTIN. Cet appartement de 40 m2 refait a neuf, est composé: une entrée, une cuisine, un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparées. La cuisine est fonctionnelle: machine à café + bouilloire + grille-pain + four + frigo + congélateur + micro-onde + plaque vitrocéramique. Sèche-cheveux, le shampoing et le gel douche sont fournis dans la salle de bain. L'appartement est situé au cœur de Paris a côté de la GARE DU NORD: - EUROSTAR (Londres) - THALYS (Bruxelles, Amsterdam) - RER B (Accès direct à l'AEROPORT CHARLES DE GAULLE) et plusieurs stations de métro:  - ligne 2, station: La Chapelle - ligne 4 et 5, station: Gare du Nord - ligne 7, station: Louis Blanc
33762	Cet appartement est idéal pour accueillir 4 personnes (un couple avec 2 enfants, 2 jeunes couples ou des amis...). Appartement au 2ème étage dans un immeuble en pierre de taille (sécurisé avec code) au pied du Sacré-Coeur, à 5 mn du Moulin Rouge et de la place du Tertre. 1 chambre (lit 140x200) avec nombreux rangements, mezzanine (lit 140x200). Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec petite baignoire - toilettes séparées - Accès wifi et TV (chaînes internationales).	Cet appartement est idéal pour accueillir 4 personnes (un couple avec 2 enfants, 2 jeunes couples ou des amis...). Appartement au 2ème étage dans un immeuble en pierre de taille (sécurisé avec code) au pied du Sacré-Coeur, à 5 mn du Moulin Rouge et de la place du Tertre. 1 chambre (lit 140x200) avec nombreux rangements, mezzanine (lit 140x200). Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec petite baignoire - toilettes séparées - Accès wifi et TV (chaînes internationales). Accès à la wifi et à la télévision (chaînes internationales). Laëtitia vous accueillera dans la bonne humeur et fera en sorte de satisfaire les envies de chacun. Présentation de bonnes adresses (restaurants, bistrots, expositions, musées....). Brochures et plan de paris fournis.  Laëtitia sera disponible tout au long de votre séjour (services de conciergerie à la carte).. Un quartier animé ou vous pourrez profiter de ses différents attraits (bistrots, restauran
33763	"Guests will enjoy scenic views of Paris from both sides : - From the living room (heading South), you will see almost all Parisian monuments : Notre Dame, Opéra, Arc de Triomphe, Pompidou Art Center, The Louvre, Orsay museum  ... - From the bedroom (heading North), you will see Montmartre village and Sacré Coeur church (Paris highest point).  This flat has been completely renovated by an architect and designed like a hotel suite. It is on the 4st (and last) floor of a charming 19th century building. IN BRIEF :  - Scenic views and unbeatable location in the village - very well connected to public transport (300 m from the ""Abbesses"" metro station) - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums)  - 1 bedroom + 1 living room + 1 open kitchen + 1 bathroom (shower and WC)  - Sleep up to 4  - Wireless High Speed Internet  - international channels and Flat screen TV - Fully equipped kitchen with everything to cook, coffee machine, boiler, etc. - Clean sheets, li"	"This flat is unique : it is located in the heart of the Montmartre village and guests will enjoy scenic views of Paris from both sides :  from the living room and from the bedroom ! Guests will enjoy scenic views of Paris from both sides : - From the living room (heading South), you will see almost all Parisian monuments : Notre Dame, Opéra, Arc de Triomphe, Pompidou Art Center, The Louvre, Orsay museum  ... - From the bedroom (heading North), you will see Montmartre village and Sacré Coeur church (Paris highest point).  This flat has been completely renovated by an architect and designed like a hotel suite. It is on the 4st (and last) floor of a charming 19th century building. IN BRIEF :  - Scenic views and unbeatable location in the village - very well connected to public transport (300 m from the ""Abbesses"" metro station) - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums)  - 1 bedroom + 1 living room + 1 open kitchen + 1 bathroom (shower and WC)  - Sleep "
33764	Mon appartement se situe dans immeuble entièrement refait à neuf (un ancien atelier ! d'où le style loft). C'est un 2 pièces de 35m², avec un chambre séparé avec un lit double, une cuisine entièrement équipée (machine à laver, lave vaiselle, frigo, congélateur, grille pain, presse agrumes, bouilloire, nespresso, four, micro-onde...) ouverte sur le salon avec TV et Wifi. Il y a une salle de bain avec toilette suspendu et douche ouverte à l'italienne ! 	5 min walking to Montmatre, Sacré-Coeur Basilica in the heart of the trendy typical 18th arrondissement ! Métro : line 12 Lamarck Caulaincourt (3 min) Bus :  line 80,  line 95, lige 31, or  line 60, montmartrobus Taxi : 30 min from Charles de Gaulle Airport
33765	Nice flat of 20 m2, situated in the famous district of Montmartre, in a peace street with a view on a lovely courtyard. The flat is composed by a main room, with a comfortable sofa, a big table for meals and a mezzanine bed (140 × 200) for 2 people. There are also a little kitchen ( a induction hot plate, a microwave oven, a fridge, a coffee maker, kitchen tools), a little bathroom (shower cabin and lavabo) and toilet.  The flat is equipped with Wi-Fi Internet access and a television (with a Bein Sport subscription).	Nice flat of 20 m2, situated in the famous district of Montmartre, in a peace street with a view on a lovely courtyard. The flat is composed by a main room, with a comfortable sofa, a big table for meals and a mezzanine bed (140 × 200) for 2 people. There are also a little kitchen ( a induction hot plate, a microwave oven, a fridge, a coffee maker, kitchen tools), a little bathroom (shower cabin and lavabo) and toilet.  The flat is equipped with Wi-Fi Internet access and a television (with a Bein Sport subscription). I am available during the day by telephone and email. In this district of Paris, you can find many stores : restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, bakeries, clothes shops. It is the perfect place to visit Montmarte, Pigalle, Sacré Coeur ( a 10 minutes walk away) and Moulin Rouge ( a 20 minutes walk away). The flat is located near the subway stations Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) and Château rouge (line 4), a 5 minutes walk away. The bus line 80 is located a 2 minutes walk away.
33766	Studio meublé doté de 2 grandes baies vitrées qui laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière.  Une petite terrasse. Une cuisine équipée d'un frigo, d'un congélateur, d'un four et d'une plaque éléctrique. Grand placard pour ranger vêtements. Grand fauteuil en cuir, canapé lit deux personnes. Serviettes de bains, draps et housse de couette propres sont a disposition.	Studio meublé doté de 2 grandes baies vitrées qui laissent entrer beaucoup de lumière.  Une petite terrasse. Une cuisine équipée d'un frigo, d'un congélateur, d'un four et d'une plaque éléctrique. Grand placard pour ranger vêtements. Grand fauteuil en cuir, canapé lit deux personnes. Serviettes de bains, draps et housse de couette propres sont a disposition. Les commerces de bouche sont tous a proximité, il y a le marché juste à coté, la gare de bus à 2 min, la mairie du 18e a 8 min à pied, le Sacré Cœur et Pigalle a 10 minutes. Les puces de Saint Ouen et Clignancourt. Supermarché en bas de l'appartement. Très facile en metro et en bus. L'appartement se situe a 2 min de plusieurs stations de metro.
33767	Quartier vivant et situé au pied de Montmartre Équipement pour 2 enfants Appartement fonctionnel, spacieux et confortable Accès toute pièce, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, baignoire, internet, livres  Toujours prête à partager mon amour pour la ville de Paris et ce quartier si typique qu'est le 18ème Beaucoup de restaurants : de la pizzéria romantique aux étoilés Montmartrois Quartier typique et convivial qui mixe jeunes couples bobo, vieux parisiens à baguette et charme populaire Pavés et escaliers bucoliques parsemés sur la Butte 2 lignes de métro (4 et 12), bus, montmartrobus, RER B/D/E à proximité, station vélib au pied de l'immeuble J'ai un chat qui peut être hébergé ailleurs au besoin mais si vous acceptez sa douce compagnie, je fais un prix sur la location. Canapé convertible (2 places) dans le salon	Quartier vivant et situé au pied de Montmartre Équipement pour 2 enfants Appartement fonctionnel, spacieux et confortable Accès toute pièce, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, baignoire, internet, livres  Toujours prête à partager mon amour pour la ville de Paris et ce quartier si typique qu'est le 18ème Beaucoup de restaurants : de la pizzéria romantique aux étoilés Montmartrois Quartier typique et convivial qui mixe jeunes couples bobo, vieux parisiens à baguette et charme populaire Pavés et escaliers bucoliques parsemés sur la Butte 2 lignes de métro (4 et 12), bus, montmartrobus, RER B/D/E à proximité, station vélib au pied de l'immeuble J'ai un chat qui peut être hébergé ailleurs au besoin mais si vous acceptez sa douce compagnie, je fais un prix sur la location. Canapé convertible (2 places) dans le salon Accès toute pièce, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, baignoire, internet, livres  Toujours prête à partager mon amour pour la ville de Paris et ce quartier si typique qu'est le 18ème Beauc
33768		This apartment recently completely renovated in a building dated from 1880 is very comfortable, in a safe area and close to public transportation (metro, bus) that will take you easily anywhere in Paris. The apartment is down the Montmartre hill. The apartment is located two steps from Rue du Poteau  with its market open daily (except Mondays), serves the local neighbourhood and consequently charges local prices for its produce. Quality fish, meat, fruit and veg, herbs and spices and wines and cheese are expertly displayed by the street vendors and permanent shopkeepers and hard to resist. Not far away you will also find the rue Damrémont an up and coming street that has become home to a variety of specialist food shops. Rue de Poteau would be the most local of Paris markets if you were renting an apartment in the 18th, on the Northern side of Butte de Montmartre. Convenient metros are Joules Jouffrin and Lamarck Caulaincourt (both line 12) Convenient metros are Joules Jouffrin and Lam
33769	Logement très lumineux , avec tout le confort , cuisine équipée indépendante,spacieux ( 48 m2 ) 	"Cet appartement est situé dans un quartier authentique et (website hidden) est très lumineux et calme,au 7 éme étage avec (website hidden) a une vue exceptionnelle sur le sacré coeur et toute la butte de Montmartre. Logement très lumineux , avec tout le confort , cuisine équipée indépendante,spacieux ( 48 m2 )  10 minutes à pied des ""Puces de St Ouen "" 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre  A proximité des métro 4 et 8 du métro qui desservent tous les autres sites de Paris    Nombreux restaurants typiques  Le ""Paris  ""insolite et vivant  ligne de métro 4 et 8  et plusieurs lignes de bus  Nombreux restaurants et commerces  atypiques  "
33770	welcome to this lovely studio, on the hill of montmartre, with a view on a quiet park where you here the birds. this is very close from moulin rouge, sacré coeur, and the vineyard.	welcome to this lovely studio, on the hill of montmartre, with a view on a quiet park where you here the birds. this is very close from moulin rouge, sacré coeur, and the vineyard.
33771	le logement est optimisé pour que votre confort soit le plus complet possible (espace nuit, salle de bain, pièce à vivre, cuisine). Le studio est équipé pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible :)	Very quiet studio overlooking the Place de Clichy, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge and the Basilica of Montmartre. In the heart of Paris and close to the Montmartre district, you will discover a magical atmosphere I am always available to assist you during your stay. I ride a scooter so I can be there very quickly.
33772	"You will be in the heart of the Montmartre village- a typical Parisian experience !!  The studio is 2 min walk from metro station ""BLANCHE"", so you will reach the main touristic attractions easily. But you will also love walking around the area and its small streets with a lots of restaurants, cafés, vintage shops and artists in the street drawing you… And of course at the top you will find the Sacré Coeur- the perfect place to enjoy the view at sunset, have a drink or go for a kiss! STUDIO The place is very quiet, as it is located in a small street without cars passing by. You will find a very confortable sofa bed for two with a good matress.  + TV and WIFI ! KITCHEN: You will find everything you need to cook plus a water boiler and a coffee machine BATHROOM: You will find towels, sheets +  a hair dryer There is no elevator in the building and the flat is located at the 2th floor. If you have any questions, I’ll be happy to answer  I will provide you with my favourite addresses and le"	"This very cosy studio is the ideal place for a romantic break or a casual stay. It is located next to the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge.  You will be in the heart of the Montmartre village- a typical Parisian experience !!  The studio is 2 min walk from metro station ""BLANCHE"", so you will reach the main touristic attractions easily. But you will also love walking around the area and its small streets with a lots of restaurants, cafés, vintage shops and artists in the street drawing you… And of course at the top you will find the Sacré Coeur- the perfect place to enjoy the view at sunset, have a drink or go for a kiss! STUDIO The place is very quiet, as it is located in a small street without cars passing by. You will find a very confortable sofa bed for two with a good matress.  + TV and WIFI ! KITCHEN: You will find everything you need to cook plus a water boiler and a coffee machine BATHROOM: You will find towels, sheets +  a hair dryer There is no elevator in the building and th"
33773	"This charming Montmartre studio is located a few steps from the place des Abbesses and the center of Montmartre. The métro is direct to go to the Place de la Concorde, Tuileries Garden, Musée de Louvre, Champs Elysées, Saint Germain des Près and Montparnasse. In 5 minutes you are at the foot of the Sacred Heart Basilica, Place du Tertre and the Moulin Rouge, which all make it the ideal location to discover the ""Paris by night"". In addition, you will find many cafés, terraces, restaurants and shops that will satisfy the most demanding epicurean.  Your home away from home is located on the 4th floor (walk up), you will bathe in sunlight with clear view of the sky and courtyard.  This peaceful escape in Montmartre is enhanced by the two large double paned windows. It has wooden floors, shielded door, built-in library, and is decorated with charming furniture, a large closet, and various original paintings.  The NEW BZ sofa bed has a firm mattress 14cm, 140*200, for additional comfort.  Th"	"This charming Montmartre studio is located a few steps from the place des Abbesses and the center of Montmartre. The métro is direct to go to the Place de la Concorde, Tuileries Garden, Musée de Louvre, Champs Elysées, Saint Germain des Près and Montparnasse. In 5 minutes you are at the foot of the Sacred Heart Basilica, Place du Tertre and the Moulin Rouge, which all make it the ideal location to discover the ""Paris by night"". In addition, you will find many cafés, terraces, restaurants and shops that will satisfy the most demanding epicurean.  Your home away from home is located on the 4th floor (walk up), you will bathe in sunlight with clear view of the sky and courtyard.  This peaceful escape in Montmartre is enhanced by the two large double paned windows. It has wooden floors, shielded door, built-in library, and is decorated with charming furniture, a large closet, and various original paintings.  The NEW BZ sofa bed has a firm mattress 14cm, 140*200, for additional comfort.  Th"
33774	Cosy flat with amazing view! 	cosy apartment with a astonishing view from Montmartre, one of the most typical boroughs of the town Cosy flat with amazing view!  the subway station is just around the corner
33775	La vue dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur est indéniablement le point fort du logement. L'appartement est très bien agencé et lumineux grâce à sa structure traversante. C'est un immeuble haussmanien propre et calme composé de 2 logements par étage.	Vue dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur, côté vignes de Montmartre. Appartement traversant, lumineux et bien agencé au 6e étage (ascenseur). Long balcon exposé plein sud, accessible de la chambre et du salon, et idéal pour le petit déjeuner ou l'apéro. La vue dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur est indéniablement le point fort du logement. L'appartement est très bien agencé et lumineux grâce à sa structure traversante. C'est un immeuble haussmanien propre et calme composé de 2 logements par étage. Le logement est accessible dans son intégralité (environ 70m²) La belle-mère étant garde d'enfants sur Montmartre, elle peut apporter toutes sortes de service à tout moment de la journée. Garde d'enfants en soirée envisageable. L'appartement se situe du côté huppé de Montmartre, à 2 pas de l'avenue Junot, de la villa Léandre et de leurs maisons uniques. Passée la rue Caulaincourt, la circulation devient quasiment nulle sur la butte et toute balade pédestre de ce côté procure immanquablement la sensation de viv
33776		Chambre privée dans un bel et grand appartement (100m2) typiquement parisien (moulure au plafond, cheminées...). L'appartement sera partager avec les autre colocataire qui sont très sympathique, discret, et de bon conseil pour visiter Paris.
33777	Bright and sunny, tastefully furnished, it is situated on the fourth and last floor of a well preserved typical Parisian building. The tastefully furnished living room with wooden floor has a separate dining area, TV and Internet Connection. It has a fully equipped kitchen with microwave oven. The bedroom faces a quiet interior courtyard and has an adjoining bathroom with shower. The two double beds are 160cm wide and bedlinen and towels are provided. The apartment is in excellent condition and has been completely renovated 	Discover the most picturesque area of Paris in the heart of Montmartre. Charming two room apartment located in a small pedestrian street in the heart of the trendy Abbesses neighbourhood with it's art galleries, French bistros and trendy boutiques. Bright and sunny, tastefully furnished, it is situated on the fourth and last floor of a well preserved typical Parisian building. The tastefully furnished living room with wooden floor has a separate dining area, TV and Internet Connection. It has a fully equipped kitchen with microwave oven. The bedroom faces a quiet interior courtyard and has an adjoining bathroom with shower. The two double beds are 160cm wide and bedlinen and towels are provided. The apartment is in excellent condition and has been completely renovated A warm and personal contact with our guests is important to us. We will be pleased to provide all necessary information to help you plan your trip and get to know the exceptional neighbourhood of Montmartre. All guestbook
33778	Lovely studio nestled in the hills of Montmartre, on the fourth floor (no elevator) and facing South, it has an exceptional sunshine throughout the morning and is very bright all day, by the absence of vis-à-vis. In addition, you will appreciate its calm, from the fact that the two windows overlook a courtyard. This studio has been renovated using only quality materials : oak flooring, worktops Italian tiles and solid oak, vintage white marble dining table, authentic Jiheldé industrial lighting, etc.. Everything has been done to help you feel comfortable and at home. The kitchen, despite its compactness, is very functional and well equipped. Featuring a large window, it is also very bright. To improve the comfort while cooking, touch sensitive LED light is arranged invisible above the countertop. The stove is electric, with 2 burners. A microwave oven is built into the wall unit and a fridge under the work plan. The cookingware include bowls,plates,small plates, water glasses, wine gla	Lovely studio nestled in the hills of Montmartre, at 350 m (0.2 mi) from the Basilique du Sacré-Coeur, in a paved and very calm street. It's located on the fourth floor, facing South and very bright all day. Many romantic restaurants up the street. Lovely studio nestled in the hills of Montmartre, on the fourth floor (no elevator) and facing South, it has an exceptional sunshine throughout the morning and is very bright all day, by the absence of vis-à-vis. In addition, you will appreciate its calm, from the fact that the two windows overlook a courtyard. This studio has been renovated using only quality materials : oak flooring, worktops Italian tiles and solid oak, vintage white marble dining table, authentic Jiheldé industrial lighting, etc.. Everything has been done to help you feel comfortable and at home. The kitchen, despite its compactness, is very functional and well equipped. Featuring a large window, it is also very bright. To improve the comfort while cooking, touch sensiti
33779	large room 20m2 for parent with children. 2 bed and an extra bed too.	large room 20m2 for parent with children. 2 bed and an extra bed too. bathroom, toilets, kitchen all informations and guide  available
33780	The apartment is large enough to sleep 4 people comfortably. There are two bedrooms, one that acts as a master bedroom with a large queen sized bed, and the other as either a second bedroom (full size bed) or a dinning room. The apartment has a full equipped kitchen (gas stove), and a full bath. The living room is comfortable, and opens up to the garden. The garden is very relaxing, with a hammock and a little garden table/chairs, which is wonderful for taking your meals outdoors in your own personal space. You will find the apartment very peaceful as it is located against two cul-de-sacs. 	"Charming 52m² appartment in Montmartre, 5 mn from metro station ""Guy Moquet"" and 10 from the Sacré Coeur. Lovely 3 rooms quiet apt , with a 18 m² private and romanticg arden, ideal for late dinners. The flat will be perfect for you and your family... The apartment is large enough to sleep 4 people comfortably. There are two bedrooms, one that acts as a master bedroom with a large queen sized bed, and the other as either a second bedroom (full size bed) or a dinning room. The apartment has a full equipped kitchen (gas stove), and a full bath. The living room is comfortable, and opens up to the garden. The garden is very relaxing, with a hammock and a little garden table/chairs, which is wonderful for taking your meals outdoors in your own personal space. You will find the apartment very peaceful as it is located against two cul-de-sacs.  -High speed internet + WIFI access -Television (+150 channels french/english) -Central heating (house stays very cool due to large window shutters) We "
33781	I'm offering an charming and comfortable room in Montmartre-Paris. FROM 10TH JANUARY 2013, THE ROOM IS AVAILABLE FOR A MINIMUM STAY OF A MONTH.  This neo-classical studio of 8m2 welcome 1 person. In the fourth floor, it is composed of a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, micro-wave and hon, a table and a TV and home cinema.  INTERNET AVAILABLE FROM AUGUST 10th 2013!!!! Toilets are available on the landing just next door.  I also provide towel, linen and kitchenware. The accommodation is located close to the town hall. Many transportation is available : Subway/Underground/Metro   Jules Joffrin (line 12), bus and nightbus.   Moreover, many shops and restaurants are nearby. Montmartre has many places to discover - Basilique de Sacré Coeur - Espace Dali - Place du Tertre - Moulin Rouge This unique accommodation offers comfort. Ideally located, the public transportation allows you to reach your destination in less than 30 min.	I'm offering an charming and comfortable room in Montmartre-Paris. FROM 10TH JANUARY 2013, THE ROOM IS AVAILABLE FOR A MINIMUM STAY OF A MONTH.  This neo-classical studio of 8m2 welcome 1 person. In the fourth floor, it is composed of a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, micro-wave and hon, a table and a TV and home cinema.  INTERNET AVAILABLE FROM AUGUST 10th 2013!!!! Toilets are available on the landing just next door.  I also provide towel, linen and kitchenware. The accommodation is located close to the town hall. Many transportation is available : Subway/Underground/Metro   Jules Joffrin (line 12), bus and nightbus.   Moreover, many shops and restaurants are nearby. Montmartre has many places to discover - Basilique de Sacré Coeur - Espace Dali - Place du Tertre - Moulin Rouge This unique accommodation offers comfort. Ideally located, the public transportation allows you to reach your destination in less than 30 min.
33782	Montmartre Sacred Heart: location studio, 26m2 in 2er floor with elevator, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle , linen and crockery provided. The bathroom features a shower, sink and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. Luxury building, close to shopping and transportation. A 100 m of the Sacred Heart, Montmartre atmosphere guaranteed. The area, known for its Basilica, located on a hill overlooking the city and from which one can enjoy the breathtaking panorama. Pigalle in the picturesque historic Moulin Rouge, the place full of bars of the shops Abbesses cheap Barbès, everything is at hand. To visit the place, the famous vineyards of Montmartre. Do not forget the history of Montmartre painters. The nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Montmartre has been a beacon of painting, featuring artists such as Pissarro, 	Montmartre Sacred Heart: location studio, 26m2 in 2er floor with elevator, decorated in a simple and elegant: a kitchen with all utensils, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator with freezer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle , linen and crockery provided. The bathroom features a shower, sink and hairdryer. For maximum comfort, it also has TV, DVD, wi-fi, iron and ironing board, electric heating. Luxury building, close to shopping and transportation. A 100 m of the Sacred Heart, Montmartre atmosphere guaranteed. The area, known for its Basilica, located on a hill overlooking the city and from which one can enjoy the breathtaking panorama. Pigalle in the picturesque historic Moulin Rouge, the place full of bars of the shops Abbesses cheap Barbès, everything is at hand. To visit the place, the famous vineyards of Montmartre. Do not forget the history of Montmartre painters. The nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Montmartre has been a beacon of painting, featuring artists such as Pissarro, 
33783	"This central charming little apartment, newly refurbished, is very well situated just across metro Blanche (60meters) on the Boulevard de Clichy next to Rue Lepic in the Abbesses-Montmartre area. Very safe situation. The ""Charming at Montmartre"" apartment is calm and bright, with a big window facing a small vacant lot, there are no neighbours vis-à-vis, and a couple of trees underneath. US kitchen fully equipped with fridge, cooking-plates, microwave, boiler, toaster, coffeemaker, tea pot etc ;  LCD TV and PC screen, DVD / CD / USB player, all HD quality ; high speed internet access (Wifi and cable) included and free phone calls to French and most international land-lines and FREE US and Canadian calls to both cell phones and landlines. Very comfortable queen size bed with 21cm natural latex mattress and top-layer adapting to body-temperature, for a maximum relaxing experience during the night! Duvet/quilt and pillows are in feather. Linen and towels are provided.   The area is super c"	"This central charming little apartment, newly refurbished, is very well situated just across metro Blanche (60meters) on the Boulevard de Clichy next to Rue Lepic in the Abbesses-Montmartre area. Very safe situation. The ""Charming at Montmartre"" apartment is calm and bright, with a big window facing a small vacant lot, there are no neighbours vis-à-vis, and a couple of trees underneath. US kitchen fully equipped with fridge, cooking-plates, microwave, boiler, toaster, coffeemaker, tea pot etc ;  LCD TV and PC screen, DVD / CD / USB player, all HD quality ; high speed internet access (Wifi and cable) included and free phone calls to French and most international land-lines and FREE US and Canadian calls to both cell phones and landlines. Very comfortable queen size bed with 21cm natural latex mattress and top-layer adapting to body-temperature, for a maximum relaxing experience during the night! Duvet/quilt and pillows are in feather. Linen and towels are provided.   The area is super c"
33784	Lovely apartment in Montmartre  5 minutes to the Sacre Coeur 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a sofa 1 private bathroom and private toilet  1 kitchen  Free wifi Possibility of having a private tour guide on demand I will give you the keys and I will show you the area and give you some tips to enjoy your trip in Paris. In the heart of Montmartre, in the real Paris with a lot of restaurants and bars. Near to transports. Beautifull neighborhood. Near to the metro (10 minutes by walk)	Charming apartment in Montmartre.  5 minutes to the Sacre Coeur. In the heart of Montmartre with a lot of bars and restaurants.
33785	Logement relativement neuf, bien entretenu et très fonctionnel: - Salon: canapé tout neuf (qui peut permettre un dodo); 2 fauteuils style vintage tout neufs et très confortables; 2 poufs et une table qui se déplie pour manger (min 4) et 4 chaises pliantes... - Cuisine à l'américaine avec un superbe bar: plaques électriques, four, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle, frigo, congélateur, bouilloire, cafetière, aspirateur de table...normalement il y a tout! - Chambre: lit en hauteur (important de le préciser mais rassurez vous, pour les non- sportifs, il y a un petit escabot pour aider à grimper) et un matelas tout neuf; un fauteuil style vintage; penderie et placard où nous vous faisons un peu de place....pour vos vêtements et affaires diverses. - Salle de bains: petite douche propre avec un superbe rideau Marilyn....un lavabo et petites étagères où entreposer vos petites trousses de toilettes... Je fournis draps propres, gel douche, shampoing, papier WC...si possible pour vous, apportez vos ser	Charmant 40m2 au 3ème étage d'un immeuble parisien. Calme et douillet; petit nid idéal pour un mini séjour. A 5 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur et du quartier de Montmartre. Au pied du métro Château-Rouge, quartier très vivant et commerçant. Logement relativement neuf, bien entretenu et très fonctionnel: - Salon: canapé tout neuf (qui peut permettre un dodo); 2 fauteuils style vintage tout neufs et très confortables; 2 poufs et une table qui se déplie pour manger (min 4) et 4 chaises pliantes... - Cuisine à l'américaine avec un superbe bar: plaques électriques, four, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle, frigo, congélateur, bouilloire, cafetière, aspirateur de table...normalement il y a tout! - Chambre: lit en hauteur (important de le préciser mais rassurez vous, pour les non- sportifs, il y a un petit escabot pour aider à grimper) et un matelas tout neuf; un fauteuil style vintage; penderie et placard où nous vous faisons un peu de place....pour vos vêtements et affaires diverses. - Salle de bain
33786	Hej! Available from August 14. This is a very nice little studio just down Montmartre, Paris. Full of light. South with no buildings in sight. Small balcony. US Kitchen with a Futon-Bed and a shower. Toilets are just outisde, on the corridor. This is small (10m2) but very charming. The place is a village down there, if you know the area: Shops, market every day, and Montmartre is watching you! Subway and Buses at 50 meters. Ukulele included. Enjoy!	Hej! Available from August14! Very nice studio just down Montmartre, Paris.  Full of light. South-oriented. Small balcony.  US Kitchen.Bed and a shower. Toilets are just outisde, on the corridor. Small (10m2) but charming. Subway 50 meter Hej! Available from August 14. This is a very nice little studio just down Montmartre, Paris. Full of light. South with no buildings in sight. Small balcony. US Kitchen with a Futon-Bed and a shower. Toilets are just outisde, on the corridor. This is small (10m2) but very charming. The place is a village down there, if you know the area: Shops, market every day, and Montmartre is watching you! Subway and Buses at 50 meters. Ukulele included. Enjoy! This is Montmartre! Subway station at 100 meters!
33787	It's located on the 3rd floor.  The flat is 32 m2 and your room is 15 m2. The bed is a japanese futon (140cm X 190cm). The bed linen and towels are included and they are always clean. There is a WIFI internet connection and a TV. There is a key for you so you can come and in and out at any time you want. 	"Private room in Paris 18è  15 mn walking from ""Le Sacré Coeur in Montmartre"" address : rue du simplon, Metro : Simplon, on line 4 (10 mn from Chatelet) also Metro : Marcadet Poissonnier on line 12 2 minutes from a supermarket and bakeries It's located on the 3rd floor.  The flat is 32 m2 and your room is 15 m2. The bed is a japanese futon (140cm X 190cm). The bed linen and towels are included and they are always clean. There is a WIFI internet connection and a TV. There is a key for you so you can come and in and out at any time you want. You have a free access to the bathroom, the toilet, and the fully-equipped kitchen (wash machine - fridge - cook tops - oven - boiling - kettle - kitchen ware ...) I shall try as far as possible to facilitate your stay if you need advices and indications open market 3 times a week quick access to the metro 15 minutes walking from ""le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre"" and near "" puces de Clignancourt"" underground station : Simplon (ligne 4) or Marcadet Poisso"
33788	"This ground floor 16sqm apartment accommodates 2 people. It is composed of a living-room/kitchen with a sofa, a bathroom/restroom and mezzanine floor with a double size bed * Towels and linens are provided * ground floor * Nearest metro stop : ""Place de Clichy"" at 500m on metro line 2 and line 13 * Free wifi *TV"	"A pleasant 16sqm fully equipped apartment in a calm neighborhood near Pigalle and Montmartre. It accomodates 2 people. WIFI, bed linens & towels are provided This ground floor 16sqm apartment accommodates 2 people. It is composed of a living-room/kitchen with a sofa, a bathroom/restroom and mezzanine floor with a double size bed * Towels and linens are provided * ground floor * Nearest metro stop : ""Place de Clichy"" at 500m on metro line 2 and line 13 * Free wifi *TV The apartment is fully equipped : we provide free wireless WIFI and cable TV for ou guests. The kitchen has all the necessary appliances and flatware you'll need for your stay (fridge, coffee maker, washing machine, iron, etc...). Before your arrival, we change all the bed linens and the towels we provide you for your stay (it's included in the price !) The apartment is located at 500m of the ""Place de Clichy"" metro station on line 2 and line 13, where you can easily access to the main touristic activities of Paris"
33789	"The apartment is very bright and has an amazing view that overlooks the « parisien » roofs and the Eiffel Tour The flat has: - a large open plan living room with a fire place  - a terrace (14m2) overlooking the ""parisien"" roofs  and the Eiffel tour.   - a 65 inches TV screen with home cinema  - audio visual equipment - american style cuisine with all appliances (microwave, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc...) - 2 ensuite bedrooms, the main bedroom has a king size bed 200 x200cm, its bathroom has both bath and shower; the second bedroom has a double bed 160 x 180cm and its bathroom has a shower - an i mac with printer The apartment is ideal for a stay either for one or two couples or for a family holiday."	"Located in  « South-Pigalle » , a very lively neighbourhood , on the 5th floor (with lift) facing south , the flat has been completely refurbished in 2014 with high quality  appliances. The apartment is very bright and has an amazing view that overlooks the « parisien » roofs and the Eiffel Tour The flat has: - a large open plan living room with a fire place  - a terrace (14m2) overlooking the ""parisien"" roofs  and the Eiffel tour.   - a 65 inches TV screen with home cinema  - audio visual equipment - american style cuisine with all appliances (microwave, nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc...) - 2 ensuite bedrooms, the main bedroom has a king size bed 200 x200cm, its bathroom has both bath and shower; the second bedroom has a double bed 160 x 180cm and its bathroom has a shower - an i mac with printer The apartment is ideal for a stay either for one or two couples or for a family holiday. Montmartre is like a small village that lives in peace and without problem.  Many shop"
33790	Le logement est très bien situé pour visiter Paris. Il est dans un immeuble calme. Selon votre horaire d'arrivée, je serai ravie de pouvoir échanger avec vous, je vous laisserai une liste des bons restos du quartier et toutes les infos pratiques pour passer un bon séjour. On ne peut pas régler le chauffage, il fait donc chaud dans l'appartement, je vous conseille d'ouvrir la fenêtre pour obtenir une température agréable. Horaires d'arrivée et de départ à ajuster en fonction de nos impératifs respectifs.	Un appartement très bien situé (au coeur de Montmartre). Petit, mais sain, lumineux et bien aménagé ! Le logement est très bien situé pour visiter Paris. Il est dans un immeuble calme. Selon votre horaire d'arrivée, je serai ravie de pouvoir échanger avec vous, je vous laisserai une liste des bons restos du quartier et toutes les infos pratiques pour passer un bon séjour. On ne peut pas régler le chauffage, il fait donc chaud dans l'appartement, je vous conseille d'ouvrir la fenêtre pour obtenir une température agréable. Horaires d'arrivée et de départ à ajuster en fonction de nos impératifs respectifs. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Je vous remercie par avance de ne pas ouvrir le dressing, le placard de la salle de bain et les 2 caisses noires sous la TV. Si possible, je vous accueillerai à l'appartement. Si je ne suis pas disponible, nous trouverons une solution pour l'échange des clés. Je serai dans tous les cas disponibles par SMS, téléphone et emails pour répondre à toutes
33791	110 ft² flat, recently remodeled, spacious, sunny, quiet, very tastefully decorated with XVIIIth and XIXth century furniture : double living room, one large bedroom with a king size bed, one bed room with a large convertible bed (very  comfortable  for 2), bathroom (with washing and drying machine), separated toilets, fully equipped modern kitchen, flowered Juliette balconies.	In the lively Montmartre area, an elegant, cozy, extremely comfortable apartment in a  classic refurbished well kept cut stone building, 4th floor with elevator. 110 m2. 110 ft² flat, recently remodeled, spacious, sunny, quiet, very tastefully decorated with XVIIIth and XIXth century furniture : double living room, one large bedroom with a king size bed, one bed room with a large convertible bed (very  comfortable  for 2), bathroom (with washing and drying machine), separated toilets, fully equipped modern kitchen, flowered Juliette balconies. The entire apartment, which includes a parking place in the underground of the building facing it (it’s very difficult to park in this part of the town ) I’ll be happy to suggest you nice places to see in the surroundings so that you’ll be allowed to enjoy the everyday life of this typical Paris neighborhood. I’ll be also able to point you some particularly interesting events, as concerts or other performances, going on in summer, many of them in
33792	Bien situé, facilement accessible et très bien desservi. Vous y serez confortablement installé. C'est un grand studio, bien aménagé, cuisine et salle de bain séparées. Penderie dans l'entrée.	A 15min à pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier typiquement parisien, profitez de ce charmant studio. Il dispose d'un espace salon et d'un espace chambre séparé par un rideau, vous y serez comme dans un cocon ! Bien situé, facilement accessible et très bien desservi. Vous y serez confortablement installé. C'est un grand studio, bien aménagé, cuisine et salle de bain séparées. Penderie dans l'entrée. Je suis disponible la plupart du temps par téléphone ou e-mail. A deux pas de la Mairie du 18ème Arrondissement, Jules Joffrin, situé derrière Montmartre. C'est un quartier commerçant très agréable et typiquement parisien. C'est un bon point de départ pour visiter Paris ! Metro ligne 12 - Station Jules Joffrin ou Lamarck (7 stations de la Gare Saint Lazare) Metro ligne 4 - Station Simplon (4 stations de la Gare du Nord) Bus 80 - Station Mairie du 18ème Jules Joffrin (ligne direct jusqu'aux Champs Elysées et la Tour Eiffel) Bus 85 - Station Mairie du 18ème Jules Joffrin  Et bien d'autres...
33793	The apartment is small but spacious and located on the ground floor. It has just been renovated and is has a retro feel with Formica furniture and bright colours.  The street is just behind the Rue Des Abbesses, a cute, cobbled street crowned by a windmill! There are great local restaurants and cute bars at the top of the street.	In the heart of Abbesses and with excellent metro links, this newly refurbished studio is a great place to begin your discovery of Montmartre. At the top of the street? The Moulin de la Galette. At the bottom? The Moulin Rouge. The apartment is small but spacious and located on the ground floor. It has just been renovated and is has a retro feel with Formica furniture and bright colours.  The street is just behind the Rue Des Abbesses, a cute, cobbled street crowned by a windmill! There are great local restaurants and cute bars at the top of the street. If you don't know Montmartre... you should! This 'petit village' is straight out of a film! There is a huge sense of community among the locals and the local festivals really demonstrate this. ((website hidden)) That's without even mentioning the huge impact Montmartre has had on the history of Paris. Oh and did we mention the art? Picasso, Van Gogh, Lautrec... They all passed through here. There's something in the air. Perfectly situat
33794	Third and last floor, this 175 ft2 studio is entirely renovated and has a nice view on a bright courtyard.  The queen size bed is located on a mezzanine  A small kitchen entirely equiped. The floor is made of warm massive white oak . 	"A studio renovated with charms in a popular area, close to Montmartre. Oriented south, with great light and a nice view on a courtyard, it can welcome 3 guests. Close to a great market, with many shops and a variety of restaurants.  Third and last floor, this 175 ft2 studio is entirely renovated and has a nice view on a bright courtyard.  The queen size bed is located on a mezzanine  A small kitchen entirely equiped. The floor is made of warm massive white oak . All kinds of shops are available within 1 minute walk A cultural centre ""Le 104"" A lively and popular area Close to Montmatre Direct acces by metreo to big shops : Printemps/Galeries Lafayette. Opera At arrival, if needed, advice on transportation and where to find touristic and cultural interests in Paris and a list of nice restaurants. I speak fluent english, french and italian. The market open 6 days/week Variety of restaurants with different kinds of cuisine Terraces on the pedestrian street Metro Line 12 RER B et RER D Bus"
33795		Je sous-loue dans mon appart une belle chambre proche de toutes commodités. Je ferai mon possible pour bien vous accueillir et vous donner tous les bons plans arty hype culturels festifs, de la capitale !
33796		"Ce charmant studio en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Cet appartement au 2e étage avec ascenseur, bénéficie de l'équipement nécessaire pour vous sentir ""comme à la maison"" (Aspirateur, Fer à repasser, Internet, Lave linge."
33797	The place is unique for its touch of poetry since Van Gogh used to live in the main building at his brother's Theo. It is also enjoyable for its peacefulness and the fact it is situated in one of Paris's liveliest neighbourhoods. It is well-equipped with a washing machine and dryer, a comfortable double bed, induction plates, a fridge, a convection/ microwave oven etc...	My 28 m2 house has a flowery courtyard and is located near the Sacré Cœur and the Moulin Rouge in the heart of Montmartre, rue Lepic.  It will accomodate 2 persons and is an excellent spot to explore Paris.  The place is unique for its touch of poetry since Van Gogh used to live in the main building at his brother's Theo. It is also enjoyable for its peacefulness and the fact it is situated in one of Paris's liveliest neighbourhoods. It is well-equipped with a washing machine and dryer, a comfortable double bed, induction plates, a fridge, a convection/ microwave oven etc... Guests can use everything in the house. Sorry no arrivals after 7 PM: it is too complicated as when I'm travelling I have to ask someone else to give you the keys. It is up to you to either mail or phone me. I speak English fluently. This is a fantastic neighbourhood! I believe there is nothing like walking to the restaurant after you have spent a whole day visiting or even working and you can take no more tube. Th
33798	The apartment is a loft-style, open space divided into three sections. The first part has a high quality pull-out couch bed, large closet with hangers and shelves for organizing your things and it can be closed off with curtains for privacy. The second part is the living area with a sofa that can be converted to a second bed, bookshelves and the contemporary Scandinavian design bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. The last section is a spacious, elevated, open kitchen flooded with light from the large windows and skylights. The kitchen is decorated in a country-style with rustic furniture, but is well equipped with modern conveniences: induction stove, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer, clothes washing machine, coffee maker, kettle, etc. It has everything you will need to prepare meals and be comfortable during your stay.	This well-equipped, loft style apartment of 40 m2 (430 ft.2) is located in a calm garden courtyard, yet in the heart of a lively Montmartre neighborhood just a few minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur and all of Montmartre's numerous attractions.  The apartment is a loft-style, open space divided into three sections. The first part has a high quality pull-out couch bed, large closet with hangers and shelves for organizing your things and it can be closed off with curtains for privacy. The second part is the living area with a sofa that can be converted to a second bed, bookshelves and the contemporary Scandinavian design bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. The last section is a spacious, elevated, open kitchen flooded with light from the large windows and skylights. The kitchen is decorated in a country-style with rustic furniture, but is well equipped with modern conveniences: induction stove, oven/microwave, refrigerator, freezer, clothes washing machine, coffee maker, kettle, etc. I
33799	Hello, I am Vincent and I often oam n vacation or week-end.  I rent my 42 square metres in Low Montmartre inside the Goutte d'or district, a cosmopolitan area just 5 minutes close to Montmartre. You'll have a flat with all mod cons, nearby Metro Chateau rouge. The room as a king size-bed, you'll find here some pieces of art, a lot of books, movies and above all modern conveniences! I live alone there and wish you a pleasant journey and trip!  Feel free to ask any informations about the location, cultural events, good restaurants in the area... Hope to welcome you soon! Vincent, your guest.	Hello, I am Vincent and I often oam n vacation or week-end.  I rent my 42 square metres in Low Montmartre inside the Goutte d'or district, a cosmopolitan area just 5 minutes close to Montmartre. You'll have a flat with all mod cons, nearby Metro Chateau rouge. The room as a king size-bed, you'll find here some pieces of art, a lot of books, movies and above all modern conveniences! I live alone there and wish you a pleasant journey and trip!  Feel free to ask any informations about the location, cultural events, good restaurants in the area... Hope to welcome you soon! Vincent, your guest.
33800	Charming 2 rooms from 30 m2 to Montmartre fully renewed in 2014. In the heart of Montmartre, the Abbesses and two steps from the Sacré Coeur, rue André Barsacq. Near shops, restaurants, tourist sites, extra situation.  Apartment very bright and clear. Lounge overlooking Street (not busy) and room overlooking garden (very calm & zen). Everything is there for your comfort:-living room: sofa, table and chairs Bistro, LCD screen TV, DVD player, DVD available, telephone, cupboards, guides for an unusual walk in Paris, for a drink or dinner... - room: double bed, linen provided, put-aways. - Bathroom: provided towels, hair dryer. - Kitchen: dishes, kitchen utensils, machine Nespresso, nespresso capsules, kettle, iron, Ironing Board, washing machine. WiFi throughout the apartment. An address where you can visit Paris on foot. The apartment is fully equipped and ready to welcome you.  	Charming 2 rooms from 30 m2 to Montmartre fully renewed in 2014. In the heart of Montmartre, the Abbesses and two steps from the Sacré Coeur, rue André Barsacq. Near shops, restaurants, tourist sites, extra situation. Charming 2 rooms from 30 m2 to Montmartre fully renewed in 2014. In the heart of Montmartre, the Abbesses and two steps from the Sacré Coeur, rue André Barsacq. Near shops, restaurants, tourist sites, extra situation.  Apartment very bright and clear. Lounge overlooking Street (not busy) and room overlooking garden (very calm & zen). Everything is there for your comfort:-living room: sofa, table and chairs Bistro, LCD screen TV, DVD player, DVD available, telephone, cupboards, guides for an unusual walk in Paris, for a drink or dinner... - room: double bed, linen provided, put-aways. - Bathroom: provided towels, hair dryer. - Kitchen: dishes, kitchen utensils, machine Nespresso, nespresso capsules, kettle, iron, Ironing Board, washing machine. WiFi throughout the apartmen
33801	Functional, spacious and full of light, spacious enough to sleep 4 people. Close to the famous Montmartre but also minutes away from Pigalle and major train stations. The area is quiet, typical of Hausmann architecture full of cafės and food shops. 	Charming 2 Room Apartment, on a quiet street in Montmartre. Located only a short walk from Pigalle and other night-life destinations. Fully equipped, spacious enough to sleep 4 people, great lighting and convenient location. Functional, spacious and full of light, spacious enough to sleep 4 people. Close to the famous Montmartre but also minutes away from Pigalle and major train stations. The area is quiet, typical of Hausmann architecture full of cafės and food shops.  1 bedroom , 1 big living room, modern fully fitted kitchen with all necessary electricals.  There is a ceiling window in the living room, which makes the room a unique and  stylish area to relax .The flat is a mix of modern and traditional Parisian style.  The balcony is practical for smokers or just enjoying the sun !  A lot of cupboards that make the flat a very agreable place to stay.   Bedroom : double bed (160x200) , bathroom with private shower .  There is a sofa bed in the living room that can be used as another 
33802	The apartment has: -Bedroom with comfy double bed -Living-room with cosy sofa bed -Kitchen with various appliances: fridge, freezer, mini-oven, blender, ice-cream maker, electric hot plates -Bathroom with WC and shower	Come and stay at my cosy apartment in the heart of Paris ! Perfect for a couple ! The apartment has: -Bedroom with comfy double bed -Living-room with cosy sofa bed -Kitchen with various appliances: fridge, freezer, mini-oven, blender, ice-cream maker, electric hot plates -Bathroom with WC and shower I will be there at your arrival and at your departure. Feel free to ask me anything ! Jules Joffrin is a nice family neighborhood with lots of small bars, restaurants. Supermarkets and markets are just around the corner The Butte Montmartre is a kilometer away from the apartment Subway lines 4 and 12 Bus lines to airport (line 31) Many, many buses such as the Montmartrobus if you're afraid of walking :) There is a construction site nearby. They start at 8 and finish at 4. It can get noisy sometimes but I'm usually not around at this time of day.
33803		Située dans le nord de Paris, à 1 minutes de la station Marx Dormoy , cette chambre est parfaite pour un couple de jeunes gens qui souhaitent découvrir la ville. Un marché se trouve en bas de la rue piétonne, le voisinage est calme et sympathique.
33804	DESCRIPTION DE LA LOCATION:  - Une entrée desservant l'ensemble des pièces.  - Une chambre équipée d'un lit double de 140 x190 (POUR 1 PERSONNE) - Cuisine équipée (pas de lave vaisselle).  - Salle de bain avec baignoire.  (les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis). - Accès Wifi haut débit.  - Pas de TV.	Appartement 3 pièces de 65 m2 situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Bon standing  Très accessible, à 2 stations de la gare du Nord, métro Château Rouge. DESCRIPTION DE LA LOCATION:  - Une entrée desservant l'ensemble des pièces.  - Une chambre équipée d'un lit double de 140 x190 (POUR 1 PERSONNE) - Cuisine équipée (pas de lave vaisselle).  - Salle de bain avec baignoire.  (les draps et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis). - Accès Wifi haut débit.  - Pas de TV. Accès à Montmartre en quelques minutes à pieds et au centre de Paris en 15mn en métro  Métro Château-Rouge (ligne 4)
33805	Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will sleep in a cosy private room (7 m²). You will have an entire closet for you so you can really feel at home!	Stay in our lovely apartment, quiet and safe on ground floor. Montmartre (email hidden) by walking, and you can go easily anywhere else in Paris with 2 metros at less than 5 mn away. Welcome home ! After a long and harassing day of visits, you will feel comfortable in our lovely apartment! You can rest and have a drink in the living room before going out for dinner or cooking a homemade dinner. Then, you will sleep in a cosy private room (7 m²). You will have an entire closet for you so you can really feel at home! Our hosts have access to the living room (sofa, TV, dinner table),  to the full equipped kitchen, and to the bathroom. It is also possible to use the washing machine. My roommate and I will welcome you and will help you to plan you stay if you wish to. We will be very pleased to share with you our best spots in Pars. But as we have a busy schedule, we won’t be often in the apartment. Quiet street but close from a bustling neighborhood. You can walk to Montmartre. The biggest
33806	This big family flat, tipycally Parisien is right down the Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, sunny, with huge balcony, his 3 bed rooms ( 5/6 places with kids) smart distribution allowing intimacy and his new bathroom will delight you. Quiet street (almost no cars & 2 bedrooms are not on the street) Bedrooms : 1 parental 1 single 1 kids room (possible for 3) 3 coatch in the triple living room kitchen: washing machine, hoven, toast, rice-cooker, etc Bathroom : bath, towels, washin & drying WC Triple living room: 8 places coaches, dining table (extendable) 2 desk, table outdoor on the balcony, Hi-Fi, Intrenet & wifi Subways: RER B Gare du Nord (exit La Chapele) Sub La Chapelle / Barbès / Chateau Rouge / Marquadetr-Poissoniers As it's our living appartement, we rent it while we are in howlidays, so you will be on touch whith our friend from the neer area who will welcolme you and will be able to advise you while you stay, his you need it. The area : Le quartier Saint Bernard is locaded down Mon	This big family flat, typically Parisian, is a short walk from Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, it’s sunny with a huge balcony, 3 bedrooms, (space for 6 with kids), a generous layout allowing intimacy and a delightful new bathroom. On a quiet street! This big family flat, tipycally Parisien is right down the Sacré Coeur. Just refreshed, sunny, with huge balcony, his 3 bed rooms ( 5/6 places with kids) smart distribution allowing intimacy and his new bathroom will delight you. Quiet street (almost no cars & 2 bedrooms are not on the street) Bedrooms : 1 parental 1 single 1 kids room (possible for 3) 3 coatch in the triple living room kitchen: washing machine, hoven, toast, rice-cooker, etc Bathroom : bath, towels, washin & drying WC Triple living room: 8 places coaches, dining table (extendable) 2 desk, table outdoor on the balcony, Hi-Fi, Intrenet & wifi Subways: RER B Gare du Nord (exit La Chapele) Sub La Chapelle / Barbès / Chateau Rouge / Marquadetr-Poissoniers As it's our living appart
33807		MINIMUM 1 semaine !          chambre avec lit double idéal pour couple placard disponible grand salon, grande cuisine et deux salles de bains à 2 min des lignes de métro 4 et 12    appartement de 90 m2 avec une grande cuisine, un salon et deux salles de bains lignes 4 et 12 métro Marcadet Poissoniers à 2 minutes
33808	Charming two rooms, 1 room and a lounge. Ideal for a couple with child. Possibility free baby bed on request.  A possible sleeping around in the lounge, a double bed in the room.  Television, WIFI. Fully-equipped kitchen At the foot of the mound Montmartre in 7 minutes of the Sacré Coeur.  Very pleasant district where we feel safe in quiet place, numerous shops nearby (rue du poteau) of which a market (rue  ordener).  A few minutes away from bars.  In 10 minutes in subway of Pigalle, the place de Clichy or the station Saint Lazare.	This is a charming  apartment in Paris' 18th arrondissement, near the Porte de Clignancourt and situated at the foot of Montmartre.  Charming two rooms, 1 room and a lounge. Ideal for a couple with child. Possibility free baby bed on request.  A possible sleeping around in the lounge, a double bed in the room.  Television, WIFI. Fully-equipped kitchen At the foot of the mound Montmartre in 7 minutes of the Sacré Coeur.  Very pleasant district where we feel safe in quiet place, numerous shops nearby (rue du poteau) of which a market (rue  ordener).  A few minutes away from bars.  In 10 minutes in subway of Pigalle, the place de Clichy or the station Saint Lazare. Towels and sheets are included. All the dishes are in the kitchen. Acces to  WIFI.
33809	Charming and cozy apartment on the 3rd floor, right above the buzzing Rue d’Orsel at the foot of the Butte-Montmartre. Relaxed ambiance and eclectic interiors in a quiet building. Ideal for a group of friends or a medium-size family. Well-equipped for a comfortable holiday, including wi-fi internet but also a kitchen fully equipped (oven, stove, fridge, microwave, toaster, washing machine dryer …).  Ideally located in colorful Montmartre. A short climb to the Basilic Sacre Cœur you will find right outside the builiding 2 supermarkets and many small shops for shopping, restaurants, bars and terraces. Very convenient location 150 meters from Metro station Anvers (Line 2), you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. The bohemian capital of France, Montmartre has been home to artists, performers and lovers of the arts for hundreds of years. Before you arrive the apartment will be professionaly cleaned and checked, the beds will be prepared and the towels are provided. You will also find i	Charming apartment on the 3rd floor, right at the foot of Montmartre. Relaxed ambiance in quiet building. Ideal for a group of friends or a family. Very convenient location 150 m from Metro station you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. Charming and cozy apartment on the 3rd floor, right above the buzzing Rue d’Orsel at the foot of the Butte-Montmartre. Relaxed ambiance and eclectic interiors in a quiet building. Ideal for a group of friends or a medium-size family. Well-equipped for a comfortable holiday, including wi-fi internet but also a kitchen fully equipped (oven, stove, fridge, microwave, toaster, washing machine dryer …).  Ideally located in colorful Montmartre. A short climb to the Basilic Sacre Cœur you will find right outside the builiding 2 supermarkets and many small shops for shopping, restaurants, bars and terraces. Very convenient location 150 meters from Metro station Anvers (Line 2), you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. The bohemian capital of France, M
33810	The architect has significantly transformed the apt from its initial plan. The bathroom changed location, and a kitchen bar was installed in the living room. He chose vibrant red colors to design the living space, and a touch of yellow for the bedrooms. The grey colors used in bathroom and kitchen bring a touch of refinement. All the floor is made of traditional oak. •On entrance, a bright corridor serves the bathroom on the left and a tall windows with a view over Paris on the right. At the end of the corridor are located, front and left the 2 bedrooms and right the living room & kitchen. •The 1st bedroom offers a queen size bed a large mirror and closets. The bedroom window has a view over the calm rue d’Orchampt (semi pedestrian).  •The second bedroom is wider. It also offers a queen size bed, an antique mirror and a valuable engraved wooden wardrobe. The window also opens on rue d’orchampt. •The living room is on the right side. Flooded with light, it opens on Paris roofs through i	This designed apartment (2 bedrooms, 50 m2, we limit rent to 4 guests. Ask specifically for up to 5-6 guests) offers open views on Paris from 3 windows. It is located on the 1st floor (US standard no elevator) in a Montmartre 19th century building. The architect has significantly transformed the apt from its initial plan. The bathroom changed location, and a kitchen bar was installed in the living room. He chose vibrant red colors to design the living space, and a touch of yellow for the bedrooms. The grey colors used in bathroom and kitchen bring a touch of refinement. All the floor is made of traditional oak. •On entrance, a bright corridor serves the bathroom on the left and a tall windows with a view over Paris on the right. At the end of the corridor are located, front and left the 2 bedrooms and right the living room & kitchen. •The 1st bedroom offers a queen size bed a large mirror and closets. The bedroom window has a view over the calm rue d’Orchampt (semi pedestrian).  •The s
33811	"The 18th subdivision of Paris where Montmartre borrow is, is like a little village. You can still visit places where the movy ""Le Fabulin Destin d'Amélie Poulain"" took place."	A double bedded room in a 6th floor flat in Paris, with a nice view of the Sacré Coeur Church. - Access to the living room, with television and wifi access. - breakfast is not included. Please let me know before arriving if you wish one.
33812	Modern and cozy appartment in top and lively neighborhood !	Come and stay in a nice and quiet room in a modern and clean appartment. Staying in Barbes, you have very close access to Paris classic touristic destinations (Montmartre, St Michel, Pigalle...). You will also discover a great and lively area! Modern and cozy appartment in top and lively neighborhood ! Private Room + Shared Bathroom + Shared living room with kitchenette I will be delighted to give you top adresses (restaurants, bars...), and plenty of ideas of things to do for your stay in Paris. Authentic, more and more sophisticated, the 18th arrondissement and the Barbes area is the place to be in Paris! Very close to the metro station Chateau Rouge, with easy access to and from Gare du Nord - Gare de l'Est.
33813	One-room renewed apartment in Montmartre. All commodities available:  a very comfortable couch that turns easily  into a bed, a closet/cupboard, a bathroom with shower and a kitchen unit, all in 11 sq meters. It is located on the 2nd floor of a typical 1900 Montmartre building in the ''rue des Trois Freres'' - literally ''the Street of the Three Brothers''.  Numerous cafés, restaurants and shops are just a few steps from the building's main door. As soon as the weather is nice, Parisians as well as tourists love to be outside, this is Paris life, you could watch it from your window or be a part of it and forget the quietness of the coutryside. Service includes bed and towel linen. Fully free wifi is available, it is a little slow at rushhours (evenings). A 100 euros deposit is asked at your arrival, refunded when key is returned. Montmartre was Paris's artistic center at the beginning of the last century and always had its own unique style, which still remains. You can reach within a f	One-room renewed apartment in Montmartre. All commodities available:  a very comfortable couch that turns easily  into a bed, a closet/cupboard, a bathroom with shower and a kitchen unit, all in 11 sq meters, located on the 2nd floor (3rd floor USA). One-room renewed apartment in Montmartre. All commodities available:  a very comfortable couch that turns easily  into a bed, a closet/cupboard, a bathroom with shower and a kitchen unit, all in 11 sq meters. It is located on the 2nd floor of a typical 1900 Montmartre building in the ''rue des Trois Freres'' - literally ''the Street of the Three Brothers''.  Numerous cafés, restaurants and shops are just a few steps from the building's main door. As soon as the weather is nice, Parisians as well as tourists love to be outside, this is Paris life, you could watch it from your window or be a part of it and forget the quietness of the coutryside. Service includes bed and towel linen. Fully free wifi is available, it is a little slow at rushho
33814	It can host four people	2 rooms, 34m2,  near Montmartre, this appartment is quiet and bright. It is located in a lively district with restaurants, bars and shops It can host four people The whole appartment I won't be in the appartment but I am not living far, so I can be reached easily 
33815	l'immeuble fût construit au 19ème siècle en utilisant une ossature en bois visible ds  mon appartement sous forme de colombages. 2 ème étage sans ascenseur. Six fenêtres vue sur petite place 4 arbres parc à quelques mètres	J'aime ses colombages (intérieur) sa luminosité six fenêtres, ses touristes et petites rues, restaurants, et commerçants à l'ancienne  son amour avec les peintres  du bateau Lavoir, le parc à quelques mètres, son historique les canons de Montmartre l'immeuble fût construit au 19ème siècle en utilisant une ossature en bois visible ds  mon appartement sous forme de colombages. 2 ème étage sans ascenseur. Six fenêtres vue sur petite place 4 arbres parc à quelques mètres toutes à l'exception des placards privés non fumeur par téléphone ou en les recevant moi-même quartier historique resté en l'état grâce aux habitants de l'époque qui l'on défendu contre Haussmann. Joyeuses petites rues, vignoble,  peintres à foison, galeries d'art, boutiques modes trois stations de métros desservent mon appartement ainsi que de nombreux autobus. parking Anvers plus immeuble parking rue Feutrier je pratique l'échange d'appartement par Intervac International code FR070122 où vous pouvez voir des photos
33816	I remodeled the apt recently, so it is not that 'typical' in the sense that it looks much better than the average ;)  It is perfect for 2 people, but can actually accommodate 4, with 2  sleeping in the sofa-bed.	Charming apt. in Montmartre, next to the Sacré Cœur, fully equipped (Wifi, Cable), fully furnished (incredibly comfortable queen-sized bed, fully equipped kitchen, double sofa-bed) and very attentive owner! Metro Abbesses, Anvers or Pigalle.    I remodeled the apt recently, so it is not that 'typical' in the sense that it looks much better than the average ;)  It is perfect for 2 people, but can actually accommodate 4, with 2  sleeping in the sofa-bed. Travelers will have access to the entire apartment I live and work in Paris, nearby, so it is easy to meet anytime. In any case, I am only a phone call away! Well, it is Montmartre, where you find the most charming and typical 'Parisian' streets in the city with a huge offer of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. Is the reason why I decided to move here in the first place! The building is 100m from Metro stations Abbesses, Pigalle and Anvers, to access Line 2 (connecting east and west of Paris) and Line 12 (connecting north and south).  
33817	Quiet apartment conveniently located by cafes, restaurants, supermarket, metro station and  3 min by walk to Sacre-Coeur. A typical parisian apartment with character and the perfect place to feel just like at your own home, 3rd floor, with 1 bedroom, a big living room with a counter bar, eating area and sofa bed, fitted kitchen. This apartment is realy conveniently located to enjoy Montmartre neighborhood and to discover others Paris quarters... 2 min by walk from Abbesses (line 12) metro station, 5 min from Anvers (line 2) A lot of bus line, line 30 (5min by walk) direct to Tour eiffel....    	Nice flat full of light at the foot of Sacré-Coeur! Quiet apartment conveniently located by cafes, restaurants, supermarket, metro station and  3 min by walk to Sacre-Coeur. A typical parisian apartment with character and the perfect place to feel just like at your own home, 3rd floor, with 1 bedroom, a big living room with a counter bar, eating area and sofa bed, fitted kitchen. This apartment is realy conveniently located to enjoy Montmartre neighborhood and to discover others Paris quarters... 2 min by walk from Abbesses (line 12) metro station, 5 min from Anvers (line 2) A lot of bus line, line 30 (5min by walk) direct to Tour eiffel....
33818	Fully furnished studio, including internet and TV, just renovated. The studio is located in Montmartre, one of the most authentic area in Paris. it is less than 5 min walk from the Abbesses and the Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, and the Cafe des 2 Moulins where the very famous movie Le Fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain has been screened. It is also 5 min walk from the Metro Blanche.	Fully furnished studio, including internet and TV, just renovated. The studio is located in Montmartre, one of the most authentic area in Paris. it is less than 5 min walk from the Abbesses and the Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, and the Cafe des 2 Moulins where the very famous movie Le Fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain has been screened. It is also 5 min walk from the Metro Blanche.
33819	Charmant studio comprenant une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lavabo. Un coin cuisine équipé, plaques, four, réfrigérateur ... Un bureau, un canapé lit d'angle et un placard intégré.	Lovely studio in Montmartre, ideally located, 5 minutes from the tube station Abbesses (line 12), and 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur. Charmant studio comprenant une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC et lavabo. Un coin cuisine équipé, plaques, four, réfrigérateur ... Un bureau, un canapé lit d'angle et un placard intégré. Je suis évidemment disponible par telephone si vous avez le moindre souci ou question a me poser. Le quartier des Abbesses est très animé, la plupart des commerces sont ouverts le Dimanche et la vie de quartier y est très agréable. Il y a pas mal de restaurants, épiciers, cafés ... Le studio est situé a 5 minutes du métro Abbesses sur la ligne 12, à 10 minutes du métro Blanche sur la ligne 2, et a 10 minutes de l'arrêt de Bus Caulaincourt sur la ligne 80.
33820		Vue sur le Sacré-Coeur.Calme confortable et douillet.Métro à 200m. Sacré-Coeur à 300m. 
33821	Our flat has a nice and modern living-room, a bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a bathroom (with Italian style shower!)  It is perfect for a couple and suitable for 3 persons as there is a mattress bed in the living room.  10mn walk to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. A fully equiped kitchen, an electric oven, a fridge, kettle and coffee machine. Access to WIFI The apartement is very enjoyable as it is very bright,  I hope you will enjoy your stay in Paris ! Tube line 12 Jules Joffrin  Tube Line 4 : Porte de Clignancourt There are several supermarkets, 2 very good boulangeries (for a lovely typical French breakfast !), and lots of bars, restaurants and brasseries. We won't be in the flat when you are staying From CDG airport : take RER B and stop at Gare du Nord, then take tube Line 4 and stop at Porte de Clignancourt	Our flat is homy, full of light and close to the tube station. Enjoy the space in the kitchen for a typical French meal. It is perfect for a couple and suitable for 3 persons.  10mn walk from Montmartre and Sacré Cœur ! Our flat has a nice and modern living-room, a bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a bathroom (with Italian style shower!)  It is perfect for a couple and suitable for 3 persons as there is a mattress bed in the living room.  10mn walk to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. A fully equiped kitchen, an electric oven, a fridge, kettle and coffee machine. Access to WIFI The apartement is very enjoyable as it is very bright,  I hope you will enjoy your stay in Paris ! Tube line 12 Jules Joffrin  Tube Line 4 : Porte de Clignancourt There are several supermarkets, 2 very good boulangeries (for a lovely typical French breakfast !), and lots of bars, restaurants and brasseries. We won't be in the flat when you are staying From CDG airport : take RER B and stop at Gare du Nord, then
33822	This Montmartre apartment has been carefully designed with a mix of new and old pieces of furniture found while antiquing in and around Paris. A combination of 50s French and Scandinavian furnitures with more modern pieces.	Full access Back in the nineteenth century Montmartre hill lay beyond city limits, and, more importantly, the city’s moral codes - move just a handful of metres from the main streets and you’ll be transported back to a time when artists filled the garrets and the bars sang with wine-fuelled decadence. Wake up to a café crème and a croissant on the Place du Tertre; eat, shop and drink in the twisting back streets, then, as night falls, take your seat on the steps of the Sacré-Coeur and watch as Paris lights up before you Open the front door and you’ll find you’re just five minutes from the Moulin Rouge, and close to the daily market on Rue Lepic. Walk to Abbesses for bars and restaurants or continue up the cobbled hill to Montmartre. Metro: Abbesses (line 13), Blanche (line2) Bus: (phone number hidden)
33823		Private room in a flat located in the heart of Montmartre, in Abbesses area and at the foot of the Sacré Coeur . Balcony with view on the Sacré Coeur WIFI Metro: Anvers  Barbès Rochechouart Abbesses
33824		jolie chambre au calme sur la butte de Montmartre. Elle peut accueillir 2 personnes. Équipée un canapé lit de qualité et WIFI. 2 min du métro 12 Abbesses, 5 min à pied du Moulin rouge et Sacré cœur.
33825	Just 5 minutes from Montmartre, between Lamarck and Blanche metro (subway Moulin Rouge). Perfect for summer to walk in this beautiful area, enjoy the outdoors cafes and restaurants, and stunning views of Paris .. Just 5 minutes from Montmartre, between Lamarck and Blanche metro (subway Moulin Rouge). Perfect for summer to walk in this beautiful area, enjoy the outdoors cafes and restaurants, and stunning views of Paris .. The apartment has a balcony where you can eat in the sun! This is a typical Parisian apartment (fireplace, moldings, parquet) 100m square (rare in paris to have so much space!) It is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, two bathrooms (shower and bath). The room that you would rent is large and very bright. Ideal for two people. I leave the whole month of August and therefore would rent my room for three weeks from August 3 to 25! You would be with my two nice roommates, who will certainly be quite busy in August, so you would certainly have the apartment for y	Just 5 minutes from Montmartre, between Lamarck and Blanche metro (subway Moulin Rouge). Perfect for summer to walk in this beautiful area, enjoy the outdoors cafes and restaurants, and stunning views of Paris .. Just 5 minutes from Montmartre, between Lamarck and Blanche metro (subway Moulin Rouge). Perfect for summer to walk in this beautiful area, enjoy the outdoors cafes and restaurants, and stunning views of Paris .. The apartment has a balcony where you can eat in the sun! This is a typical Parisian apartment (fireplace, moldings, parquet) 100m square (rare in paris to have so much space!) It is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, two bathrooms (shower and bath). The room that you would rent is large and very bright. Ideal for two people. I leave the whole month of August and therefore would rent my room for three weeks from August 3 to 25! You would be with my two nice roommates, who will certainly be quite busy in August, so you would certainly have the apartment for y
33826	Bel appartement (2 pièces, 28m2) qui se compose d'une chambre avec lit double, d'un salon avec une table haute pour les repas, d'une salle de bain, d'une petite cuisine très bien équipée (plaques chauffantes, four, micro-ondes, machine à laver). Le wifi sera à votre disposition.	Bel appartement (2 pièces, 28m2) qui se compose d'une chambre avec lit double, d'un salon avec une table haute pour les repas, d'une salle de bain, d'une petite cuisine très bien équipée (plaques chauffantes, four, micro-ondes, machine à laver). Le wifi sera à votre disposition. Une personne sera présente pour la remise des clés et la visite de l'appartement, ainsi que lors de votre départ. Quartier de la Mairie du 18ème arrondissement, très sympathique et vivant, à 10min à pieds du coeur de Montmartre.  Tout est à proximité : supermarchés, marchés, primeurs, boulangerie (délicieuse), pharmacies, bars, cafés, restaurants...  Vous pourrez vous rendre à Montmartre à pieds, en métro ou en bus. Vous pourrez également vous rendre aux Puces de St Ouen à pieds ou en bus. L'appartement se situe à 1min à pieds des métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12 - direct St Lazare, Madeleine-Concorde, Montparnasse) et Simplon (ligne 4, direct Châtelet - les Halles). Egalement tout près de nombreux bus (31, 80, 60
33827	Appartement clair et spacieux de 76m2. 4 couchages. Cuisine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle, micro-onde, four, cafetière, grille pain, bouilloire... ) Il y a un lave linge, chaîne hi-fi avec Cdthèque et une TV avec lecteur de DVD et dvdthèque. Connection Wifi possible Les draps et produits de première nécessité et de ménage, sont fournis 	Appartement spacieux avec 2 belles chambres et une grande pièce à vivre donnant sur des jardins privatifs. Situé près de Montmartre, proche des commerces, restaurants,  bus et métro... au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Marché à 5 minutes le mercredi et samedi matin. Appartement clair et spacieux de 76m2. 4 couchages. Cuisine entièrement équipée (lave vaisselle, micro-onde, four, cafetière, grille pain, bouilloire... ) Il y a un lave linge, chaîne hi-fi avec Cdthèque et une TV avec lecteur de DVD et dvdthèque. Connection Wifi possible Les draps et produits de première nécessité et de ménage, sont fournis L'appartement est entièrement à votre disposition. échange par mail Quartier sympa, en bas de Montmartre, les commerces, restaurants,  comme les transports sont à 5-7 minutes. Le métro est à 7 minutes. C'est la ligne 13 (Porte de Saint Ouen ou Guy Môquet). Il y a aussi 2 bus pratiques pour visiter Paris : - le 31 (à 5 minutes) qui va près de l'Arc de Triomphe et avec un changement de bus per
33828		En cours
33829	The flat is spacious.48m2.Renovated with a modern design on a  typical classic Parisian apartement.1 large bedroom double bed.Living room with a open kitchen  Sofa bed .Wifi big + : 2 subwaylines  (12/4 )  just downstairs of the building !   I used to live on this appartemment and i decided to left it  with my furniture because i passed time to build a place with personnality and style. Its   pretty big for a appartement/1 bedroom 48m2, especially the room taht you can see on the picture the sofa bed is new , comfortable  there are a  nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  I live on the neighborhood and i work at home so i am always avaible and conected with my guest if they need me .I 'am born and raised in Paris so , i know pretty well my city . The streets is very near walking to the Sacré Coeur/ Lamarck Caulaincourt.The neighborhood offers a choice of  as	Spacieux deux pièces.Un grand séjour avec une cuisine américaine, salle de bain, marbre italien sèche serviette, sèche cheveux et machine à laver/sèceh llinge   The flat is spacious.48m2.Renovated with a modern design on a  typical classic Parisian apartement.1 large bedroom double bed.Living room with a open kitchen  Sofa bed .Wifi big + : 2 subwaylines  (12/4 )  just downstairs of the building !   I used to live on this appartemment and i decided to left it  with my furniture because i passed time to build a place with personnality and style. Its   pretty big for a appartement/1 bedroom 48m2, especially the room taht you can see on the picture the sofa bed is new , comfortable  there are a  nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, toaster, etc.).  I live on the neighborhood and i work at home so i am always avaible and conected with my guest if they need me .I 'am born and ra
33830	Le lieux est très calme aucun conflit de voisinage.	Quartier très agréable à 5 minutes de Montmartre. Le lieux est commerçant et dispose de nombreux restaurants et de lieux touristiques. laverie  magasin mon studio  dispo  d un coin kitchenette  .salle de bain wc.. Le lieux est très calme aucun conflit de voisinage. toutes les partie sont accessibles. Je serai disponible pour tout problème quelconques  donc  joinable a tous moment je dispo  d un lit en mezzanine  plus un petit bz pour une personne supplémentaire  éventuellement en plus transports en commun à 5 minutes à pied. ligne 4 et ligne 12 lit en mezzanine
33831	Next to the heart of Montmartre (5 min by foot just behind the hill to be accurate), possibility to rent my shared apartment.  Lively area, cozy 3-room apartment fully furnished. You will obviously have your own room (the one shot on pictures) and be sharing common-space with 28 year old-flatmate if she’s sticking around. Ideally located, 5 minutes’ walk from the Sacré Coeur hill basilica, 3 minutes’ walk from Château Rouge station (line 4), 5 minutes’ walk from Lamarck station (line 12) or Barbès-Rochechouart station (line 2 and 4) or Anvers (line 2). Therefore, you'll be conveniently located at the intersection of three main underground lines ( 2 & 4 & 12) which will take you anywhere in Paris within a 15 minutes range. Whole apartment surface area: 48 sq. meters (33 for yourself). My room is about 13,5 sq. meters, same surface for the living room. The room itself fits for 2 persons. You can as well fit 2 extra person by unfolding the sofa in the living room. Everything is full furni	Next to the heart of Montmartre (5 min by foot just behind the hill to be accurate), possibility to rent my shared apartment.  Lively area, cozy 3-room apartment fully furnished. You will obviously have your own room (the one shot on pictures) and be sharing common-space with 28 year old-flatmate if she’s sticking around. Ideally located, 5 minutes’ walk from the Sacré Coeur hill basilica, 3 minutes’ walk from Château Rouge station (line 4), 5 minutes’ walk from Lamarck station (line 12) or Barbès-Rochechouart station (line 2 and 4) or Anvers (line 2). Therefore, you'll be conveniently located at the intersection of three main underground lines ( 2 & 4 & 12) which will take you anywhere in Paris within a 15 minutes range. Whole apartment surface area: 48 sq. meters (33 for yourself). My room is about 13,5 sq. meters, same surface for the living room. The room itself fits for 2 persons. You can as well fit 2 extra person by unfolding the sofa in the living room. Everything is full furni
33832	Nice apartment for rent for those who love the nightlife. The apartment is above a bar (which closes at two o'clock in the morning). The bartender will give you some advise  to go out depending on what you like. It can be noisy, especially on Friday and Saturday til 2hours The apartment is located just at the Simplon subway station, serving the north and east station, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter. Line 12 is 300 m and goes to  Montparnasse and Saint-Lazare stations, Pigalle, Montmartre, the Champs Elysées etc... In the neighborhood, there is a supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars. Les Puces de Saint-Ouen, famous flea market, are within walking distance. The apartment consists of a bathroom, separate toilet, kitchen, lounge dining room with a bed and a bedroom with a bed 2 places. washing machine and wireless internet is available. If you have any questions, i will answer, so don't hesitate.	The cosy apartment have one bed room with a  bed for 2, one living room with a bed for one, that you can use as a sofa, one small kitchen (fridge, cooking electric fire, microwave), one bathroom with a good pressure shower, and separated toilet. Nice apartment for rent for those who love the nightlife. The apartment is above a bar (which closes at two o'clock in the morning). The bartender will give you some advise  to go out depending on what you like. It can be noisy, especially on Friday and Saturday til 2hours The apartment is located just at the Simplon subway station, serving the north and east station, Notre Dame, the Latin Quarter. Line 12 is 300 m and goes to  Montparnasse and Saint-Lazare stations, Pigalle, Montmartre, the Champs Elysées etc... In the neighborhood, there is a supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars. Les Puces de Saint-Ouen, famous flea market, are within walking distance. The apartment consists of a bathroom, separate toilet, kitchen, lounge dining room with a
33833	Tous les charmes d'un appartement parisien : parquet, moulures, une cheminée dans le salon, un poêle prussien dans la chambre, des fenêtres très fleuries, de vieux miroirs, un beau bar en cuivre unique dans la pièce à vivre et des pièces vastes où on ne se sent pas étriqués.	quartier Jules Joffrin/ Mairie du 18 -  2 pièces de 43m2 avec tous les charmes d'un appartement parisien (parquet, moulures, cheminées). A 12 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, en plein cœur du quartier de Jules Joffrin, un vrai esprit village dans Paris: commerces de bouches, terrasses, petites places. Tous les charmes d'un appartement parisien : parquet, moulures, une cheminée dans le salon, un poêle prussien dans la chambre, des fenêtres très fleuries, de vieux miroirs, un beau bar en cuivre unique dans la pièce à vivre et des pièces vastes où on ne se sent pas étriqués. Wifi internet sans fil, téléviseur Sony, freebox, lave vaisselle, machine à laver, machine à café Nespresso, placard à épices, confiture maison. Pas forcément, mais je laisse un petit cahier avec mes meilleures adresses (petits commerces, restaurants selon les envies et pour tous les prix, marchés) et des conseils de parcours dans le quartier pour découvrir tous ses charmes. Le quartier de Jules Joffrin est un vrai vill
33834	Appartement typiquement parisien : parquet, moulure et cheminées !  La cuisine, entièrement équipée donne sur la cour au calme. Salon et chambre partagent un balcon filant et les fenêtres munies de double vitrage vous garantiront un sommeil heureux.   Le petit plus : une vue plongeante sur les toits de Paris... magique !	Appartement au coeur de Montmartre, à 2 mn à pied des métros Abesses et Pigalle, à 10mn du sacré-coeur !  2 pièces, spacieux (50m2), lumineux, situé au 5ème étage avec balcon filant et vue sur Paris.  Venez profiter de notre petit coin de paradis ! Appartement typiquement parisien : parquet, moulure et cheminées !  La cuisine, entièrement équipée donne sur la cour au calme. Salon et chambre partagent un balcon filant et les fenêtres munies de double vitrage vous garantiront un sommeil heureux.   Le petit plus : une vue plongeante sur les toits de Paris... magique ! Nous restons bien sûr disponibles par mail et par téléphone durant votre séjour. Sur la colline de Monmartre, profitez de l'animation du quartier, de l'ambiance village, avec le Sacré-Cœur en toile de fond. Déambulez au travers de petites rues pavées et reposez-vous dans un des nombreux restaurants, brasseries ou troquets des environs ! Métro : Abesses (ligne 12), Pigalle (ligne 2 et 12), Anvers (ligne 2) sont à moins de 5 m
33835	Montmartre: Coeur du Vieux Paris WI-FI TV écran plat Four micro-ondes Lave-linge Lave-vaisselle	"A deux pas de la place du Tertre et du Sacré-coeur, au 1er étage d'une petite maison typique ""vieux Paris"". Grand studio de 40 m2 situé dans une rue piétonne. Facile d'accés, commerces proches. Restaurants, théâtres, lieux de concerts, cabarets  Montmartre: Coeur du Vieux Paris WI-FI TV écran plat Four micro-ondes Lave-linge Lave-vaisselle à tout, appartement indépendant Français, English, Italiano la Place du Tertre et ses peintres Le ""guai Paris"" avec le Moulin rouge, la place Pigalle La rue Lepic avec tous ses petits commerces Le Sacré coeur avec ses grandes orgues Le funiculaire pour accéder à tous les lieux de concert Metro: Abbesses/ Anvers/Lamarck Caulaincourt Funiculaire de Montmartre Montmartrobus Taxi Possibilité parking 2 roues dans la coure possibilité lit d'appoint"
33836	VERY GOOD LOCATION!! Right in the historical and beautiful area of Montmartre and literally at 50m from Abesses metro station! This two bed flat (up to 4 people) of 28 m² has been recently renovated. It is fully furnished and equipped with stereo, TV, Wifi, all kitchen appliances, and there is an extra baby bed...The bedsheets are also provided. Very bright (6 windows), on the first floor and overlooking a charming courtyard; this apartment is very cosy and quiet. A perfect place to relax after a busy day in Paris! The location is strategic: easily served by the metro (lines 12, 2 and 4), you could simply stroll in Montmartre (walk around the Sacré-Coeur Basilica, go to surrounding restaurants or theaters...) or easily reach the center of Paris. The owners will be happy to advise you on the good spots. The more you stay, the lower the price is. We also offer an optional cleaning service (30 euros), and towel supply (10 euros for 1 to 4 towels). The apartment is organized for the comfor	VERY GOOD LOCATION!! Right in the historical and beautiful area of Montmartre and literally at 50m from Abesses metro station!  This two bed flat (up to 4 people) of 28 m², has been recently renovated and fully furnished.  VERY GOOD LOCATION!! Right in the historical and beautiful area of Montmartre and literally at 50m from Abesses metro station! This two bed flat (up to 4 people) of 28 m² has been recently renovated. It is fully furnished and equipped with stereo, TV, Wifi, all kitchen appliances, and there is an extra baby bed...The bedsheets are also provided. Very bright (6 windows), on the first floor and overlooking a charming courtyard; this apartment is very cosy and quiet. A perfect place to relax after a busy day in Paris! The location is strategic: easily served by the metro (lines 12, 2 and 4), you could simply stroll in Montmartre (walk around the Sacré-Coeur Basilica, go to surrounding restaurants or theaters...) or easily reach the center of Paris. The owners will be ha
33837	Mini Loft Montmartre is a charming artist apartment of 25sqm newly renovated located 4th floor in a building Montmartrois nineteenth century. Extremely well placed in the street Muller - very popular film shoots - it is surrounded by many restaurants, cafés, bars, a few conceptual shops and two small art galleries. It overlooks a typical square, decorated terraces of restaurants, cafes, adjoining the park of the Sacré Coeur. Set between the Abbesses & Lamarck Caulaincourt district, one will delight shoppers while the other will content wine tasters. The metro Abbesses line 12, line 4 Château Rouge and Anvers line 2 are very closed by and they will take you easily throughout Paris. Mini Loft is ideal for a couple or a small family with two children. The master bedroom is on the mezzanine in a cocoon glass and the sofa in the living room can be transformed in the evening onto a comfortable bed 2 places. The lounge is equipped with TV integrated DVD and small office corner. Discrete close	Mini Loft Montmartre is a charming artist apartment of 25sqm newly renovated located 4th floor in a building Montmartrois nineteenth century. Extremely well placed in the street Muller - very popular film shoots - it is surrounded by many restaurants, cafés, bars, a few conceptual shops and two small art galleries. It overlooks a typical square, decorated terraces of restaurants, cafes, adjoining the park of the Sacré Coeur. Set between the Abbesses & Lamarck Caulaincourt district, one will delight shoppers while the other will content wine tasters. The metro Abbesses line 12, line 4 Château Rouge and Anvers line 2 are very closed by and they will take you easily throughout Paris. Mini Loft is ideal for a couple or a small family with two children. The master bedroom is on the mezzanine in a cocoon glass and the sofa in the living room can be transformed in the evening onto a comfortable bed 2 places. The lounge is equipped with TV integrated DVD and small office corner. Discrete close
33838	"Apartment exceptionally well-located ( heart of Montmartre) One bedroom apartment just been entirely renovated and redesigned by architect & stylished furniture. The flat is located on the 3rd floor with elevator and endowed with a splendid view on the trees of the ""place des Abbesses"" garden. The quite bedroom is equiped with a closet and an excellent brand new bed.  In Summertime, the flat has an additional advantage, the place remains cool even if outside it is very hot !"	"Apartment exceptionally well-located ( heart of Montmartre) One bedroom apartment just been entirely renovated and redesigned by architect & stylished furniture. The flat is located on the 3rd floor with elevator and endowed with a splendid view on the trees of the ""place des Abbesses"" garden. The quite bedroom is equiped with a closet and an excellent brand new bed.  In Summertime, the flat has an additional advantage, the place remains cool even if outside it is very hot ! You will find at the apartment all the comfort you deserved : - A top quality queen size bed with soft sheets  - A bright bathroom with a confortable shower.  - A fully equipped kitchen with high hand appliances.  - Refridgerater Liebherr,  - Induction stove from Miele,  - oven and dish-wascher are Miele too,  - Nespresso coffee machine,  - excellent & new heating system (gas) - washing and dryer Miele machine  - free wi fi. Les Abbesses neighborhood, is one of the most unique and preserved jewel of Paris, where al"
33839	Très beau 3 pièces de charme, calme et lumineux, au coeur de Montmartre.	Beautiful appartment, calm and lightly, in the heart of Montmartre , perfect for 1 or 2 couples or a family. The flat is modern and comfortable!  The appartment is 65 m2 with a Montmartre style.
33840	Our 2 bedrooms apartment can accommodate a couple adult and 2 kids or 4 adults as my kids beds are adult size single beds. The kids bedroom and living room have a wonderful view over Paris and the Eiffel Tower!! and are South exposed, so a lot of light ;) One bathroom and 2 toilets. There is a large, nice, charming garden you can access and enjoy if weather allows to do so ;-) there are chairs, sun chairs and tables in the garden so that you can rest, have breakfast/lunch/diner there. The apartment is located at the second floor, through a large, ancient stone and wood stairs. The Montmartre district is very charming and a mix of parisians and tourists. We leave there with our 2 kids, 9&7 years old and enjoy it a lot with the family. You can access a lot of restaurants, bars, shopping and food places, wines etc. You have several busses and metro/subway lines you can access in between 2 and 5 minutes walk. Note about the number of people/beds: there one parental room with double bed (16	Hi, my name is Greg and i'd be delighted to host you in my beloved family apartment with large garden (shared with nice neighbours). 2 rooms, 4 beds Romantic Montmartre I can help you discover and love... Our 2 bedrooms apartment can accommodate a couple adult and 2 kids or 4 adults as my kids beds are adult size single beds. The kids bedroom and living room have a wonderful view over Paris and the Eiffel Tower!! and are South exposed, so a lot of light ;) One bathroom and 2 toilets. There is a large, nice, charming garden you can access and enjoy if weather allows to do so ;-) there are chairs, sun chairs and tables in the garden so that you can rest, have breakfast/lunch/diner there. The apartment is located at the second floor, through a large, ancient stone and wood stairs. The Montmartre district is very charming and a mix of parisians and tourists. We leave there with our 2 kids, 9&7 years old and enjoy it a lot with the family. You can access a lot of restaurants, bars, shopping
33841	"MONTMARTRE, PARIS as you imagine it is!.. Quarter of Abbesses, one roomed flat with bathroom and WC, renovated in July 2013, located at the corner of the roads Abbesses and Lepic. Cafes and typical French restaurants, one located on the ground floor of the building and offers dishes of the cuisine of south-western France. Numerous bakeries high quality close to the building that offer you the exquisite pastries and cakes to French. French delicatessen and cheese, wine cellars etc. ... just next to the building. Numerous boutiques of French fashion designers. The flat is located on the sixth and top floor without a lift, looking onto two interior courtyards with two windows and a view onto roofs from the small balcony. The place is bright, calm, simple, clean and functional. Equipped with a quality sofa bed (""pull"") 1.9 m by 1.8 m, convertible to two beds independent seats:1.9 m by 0.9 m X 2, sheets provided. It’s the ideal place for two people on a trip. High speed internet and Wi-Fi a"	"MONTMARTRE, PARIS as you imagine it is!.. Quarter of Abbesses, one roomed flat with bathroom and WC, renovated in July 2013, located at the corner of the roads Abbesses and Lepic. Cafes and typical French restaurants, one located on the ground floor of the building and offers dishes of the cuisine of south-western France. Numerous bakeries high quality close to the building that offer you the exquisite pastries and cakes to French. French delicatessen and cheese, wine cellars etc. ... just next to the building. Numerous boutiques of French fashion designers. The flat is located on the sixth and top floor without a lift, looking onto two interior courtyards with two windows and a view onto roofs from the small balcony. The place is bright, calm, simple, clean and functional. Equipped with a quality sofa bed (""pull"") 1.9 m by 1.8 m, convertible to two beds independent seats:1.9 m by 0.9 m X 2, sheets provided. It’s the ideal place for two people on a trip. High speed internet and Wi-Fi a"
33842	I Offer this Beautiful 26m2 studio, decorated by myself. I put a lot of attention and thought of every details that could make your stay as pleasant as possible. This apartment is dedicated to Airbnb  renting. At your, arrival you will always find the place very clean.  You will feel quickly at home! 	Je vous propose ce magnifique studio de 26 m2 refait à neuf par mes soins.  J’y ai mis du cœur et pensé à chacun des détails qui pourraient rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible.  J’ai hâte de vous rencontrer !  I Offer this Beautiful 26m2 studio, decorated by myself. I put a lot of attention and thought of every details that could make your stay as pleasant as possible. This apartment is dedicated to Airbnb  renting. At your, arrival you will always find the place very clean.  You will feel quickly at home! My Studio: Worthy of a 4 stars Hotel ;) A bathroom with waterfall shower very nice. A bed with a hight quality mattress (140 * 190) A fully equipped kitchen, you can cook esealy your favorite meal or try French cuisine ;) A Great TV to relax after a long day discovering Paris or after your business meetings. a living room optimized to give you maximum space. A Large storage space . You can store your bags carefree clothing, designed to accommodate 2 people comfortably. You 
33843	Welcome in my new apartment on airbnb ! Charming and cosy, (1 bedroom, 1 living room), 60m2, very brigth and quiet.  Located 10mn walk from Montmartre than here !  - One queen size bed (160 x 200 cm) with 4 pillows. - fully equipped kitchen : big electric oven, induction hob, kettle, refrigerator... - bathroom with bath, washing machine and hair dryer - free wifi - sheets and bath towels furnished - very good restaurants, food markets, bars and cafes in the area (I will advise you !), shopping, etc. - fourth floor (no elevator, sorry !) - very quiet and safe neighbourhood, perfect for walking Public transportation : - 3 mn from the metro Jules Joffrin (line 12 : Abbesses, Pigalle, Saint-Lazare, Concorde place, Montparnasse...) - 3 mn from the metro Simplon (line 4 : Châtelet/Les Halles, heart of Paris, Odéon, Saint-Michel) - 3 mn from the bus 80 (Champs Elysées) and the Montmartrobus. - several Velib stations (city bikes)	Welcome in my new apartment on airbnb ! Charming and cosy, (1 bedroom, 1 living room), 60m2, very brigth and quiet.  Located 10mn walk from Montmartre than here !  - One queen size bed (160 x 200 cm) with 4 pillows. - fully equipped kitchen : big electric oven, induction hob, kettle, refrigerator... - bathroom with bath, washing machine and hair dryer - free wifi - sheets and bath towels furnished - very good restaurants, food markets, bars and cafes in the area (I will advise you !), shopping, etc. - fourth floor (no elevator, sorry !) - very quiet and safe neighbourhood, perfect for walking Public transportation : - 3 mn from the metro Jules Joffrin (line 12 : Abbesses, Pigalle, Saint-Lazare, Concorde place, Montparnasse...) - 3 mn from the metro Simplon (line 4 : Châtelet/Les Halles, heart of Paris, Odéon, Saint-Michel) - 3 mn from the bus 80 (Champs Elysées) and the Montmartrobus. - several Velib stations (city bikes) - 3mn by feet from the subway stations : Jules Joffrin (line 12)
33844	This appartement is very sunny, calm and cosy. it's 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Saint-Ouen Flea Market and from the very parisian center using the metro. (10 mn) It has a sunny terrace, a nice living room and kitchen, a bathroom with large italian shower, and a cosy bedroom, very quiet. A lot of sun in the living-room, very quiet place to rest after a busy parisian day. the wooden floor makes it very cosy and comfortable, the terrace with plenty of sun ! Everything in the appartment : TV, Internet, kitchen, micro wave, washing machine... 	Nice Appartement in north Paris, close from Montmartre and very comfortable and sunny This appartement is very sunny, calm and cosy. it's 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Saint-Ouen Flea Market and from the very parisian center using the metro. (10 mn) It has a sunny terrace, a nice living room and kitchen, a bathroom with large italian shower, and a cosy bedroom, very quiet. A lot of sun in the living-room, very quiet place to rest after a busy parisian day. the wooden floor makes it very cosy and comfortable, the terrace with plenty of sun ! Everything in the appartment : TV, Internet, kitchen, micro wave, washing machine... Everything in the appartement : Kitchen, Microwave, Oven, washing-machine.. Je serai joignable par téléphone pour vous donner conseils et répondre à vos questions éventuelles Quartier avec ambiance très familiale, au calme, éloigné des grandes artères de circulation. Plusieurs sites touristiques sont accessibles à pied, comme Montmartre et les puces de Saint Ouen. Vou
33845		2 pièces à 15min à pied du sacré coeur. 2 lignes de métro et 4 lignes de bus à 2min à pied de l'appartement. Quartier calme avec toutes les commodités (commerces, boulangeries, pharmacies). Appartement propre, avec machine à laver et vue sur square.  Situé à 15 minutes de chatelet, 25 minutes de Montparnasse et de gare de Lyon, 20 minutes des champs Élysées.
33846		Joli studio de 21m2 très lumineux, tout équipé comprenant une entrée-cuisine, une pièce principale avec rangements et une salle de bain. Convient à une personne comme à deux.  À 15 min de Montmartre, 5 min des métros 4 et 12 et proche de nombreux commerces.  
33847	In short : - Huge Living room with 10 people dining table, large clear view on Montmartre old cemetery. - kitchen with all commodities - Room 1 - 1 double bed king size 160x200 - Room 2 - 1 single bed 90x190 - Room 3 - 1 single bed 90x190 + small bathroom nearby (1 shower) - Room 4 - 2 single beds 90x190 (chirldren's bedroom with lots of toys) - 1 large bathroom (bath + shower + W-C + double sinks) - 1 independant W-C - empty cupboards available	Charming typically 50's large family flat, 5' walk from Abesses and/or Place de Clichy, 10' walk from Sacré Coeur.  Amazing view on Montmartre cemetary, calm, bright and sunny. Quiet and sure area but 5' from lots of trendy and touristic places. Lots of food shops around (one of the best bakery in Paris !), 3 different tube station, many buses, self service bicycle station, all commodities. 4 rooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 WC, 1 huge living room (including a table for 10 people), large kitchen. In short : - Huge Living room with 10 people dining table, large clear view on Montmartre old cemetery. - kitchen with all commodities - Room 1 - 1 double bed king size 160x200 - Room 2 - 1 single bed 90x190 - Room 3 - 1 single bed 90x190 + small bathroom nearby (1 shower) - Room 4 - 2 single beds 90x190 (chirldren's bedroom with lots of toys) - 1 large bathroom (bath + shower + W-C + double sinks) - 1 independant W-C - empty cupboards available entire home Obviously someone will definitly be able to hel
33848	Au 6ème étage, sans ascenseur, d'un bel immeuble parisien vous bénéficierez d'une vue imprenable sur le moulin rouge et les toits de Paris. Le studio se compose d'une cuisine équipée (plaques, micro ondes, bouilloire...), d'une salle d'eau (douche et WC) et d'un séjour/chambre tout confort. Profitez d'un très confortable canapé-lit (matelas haut de gamme), d'une grande TV (avec box), d'une enceinte hifi bluetooth (iOs et Android) et d'une connexion internet wifi haut débit pour accompagner vos diners ou petit déjeuners. Les serviettes de bain incluses. _____________________________________ On the 6th floor, w/o elevator, of a nice parisian building, you will benefit of a unique view of Moulin rouge and Roofs of Paris. The studio consist of a fitted kitchen (2 hobs, micro wave, keetle...), a bathroom (shower and WC) and a living room. Enjoy a comfortable couch (with high quality mattress), a big TV screen (with internationals channels), a bluetooth (iOs et Android) speaker and a fast in	Charmant studio de 21m2, situé entre Pigalle et Montmartre, offrant une des plus belles vues de Paris : Le Moulin Rouge ! Lovely 21 m² studio, located between Pigalle and Montmartre, offering one of the best view of Paris : Le Moulin Rouge ! Au 6ème étage, sans ascenseur, d'un bel immeuble parisien vous bénéficierez d'une vue imprenable sur le moulin rouge et les toits de Paris. Le studio se compose d'une cuisine équipée (plaques, micro ondes, bouilloire...), d'une salle d'eau (douche et WC) et d'un séjour/chambre tout confort. Profitez d'un très confortable canapé-lit (matelas haut de gamme), d'une grande TV (avec box), d'une enceinte hifi bluetooth (iOs et Android) et d'une connexion internet wifi haut débit pour accompagner vos diners ou petit déjeuners. Les serviettes de bain incluses. _____________________________________ On the 6th floor, w/o elevator, of a nice parisian building, you will benefit of a unique view of Moulin rouge and Roofs of Paris. The studio consist of a fitted
33849	Set on two floors, with its own 'Belle Epoque' staircase, entrance and hall, our 1600 square foot (154 m2) apartment has a unique 'town house' feel. Typically Parisian with its high ceilings, marble fireplaces, large mirrors, and oak parquet floors our duplex has a bohemian feel with its English antiques and kelim rugs - a perfect home from home for a family who likes to be surrounded with beautiful things.  There are two living rooms, each with an open fireplace and three double bedrooms. The upstairs sitting room (used as a library) also has a double sofa-bed.  Downstairs is a large living room comprising an open kitchen and dining area with a big oak table that seats ten. Upstairs a landing serves a spacious bathroom with a good, modern shower and bath, a separate lavatory and laundry room.  We'll do our utmost to respond quickly to your request and will be at the end of the phone or email to resolve any problems you may encounter during your stay in our home. If we're on vacation, 	Come live like a true Parisian in our bright, sunfilled, city townhouse. You'll find 3 bedrooms, working fireplace, full sitting room, dining room, and cook's kitchen. A perfect rest place for a family, our house easily sleeps 6, with room for more. Set on two floors, with its own 'Belle Epoque' staircase, entrance and hall, our 1600 square foot (154 m2) apartment has a unique 'town house' feel. Typically Parisian with its high ceilings, marble fireplaces, large mirrors, and oak parquet floors our duplex has a bohemian feel with its English antiques and kelim rugs - a perfect home from home for a family who likes to be surrounded with beautiful things.  There are two living rooms, each with an open fireplace and three double bedrooms. The upstairs sitting room (used as a library) also has a double sofa-bed.  Downstairs is a large living room comprising an open kitchen and dining area with a big oak table that seats ten. Upstairs a landing serves a spacious bathroom with a good, modern 
33850		Charmant deux pièces au pied de Montmartre et près de la Mairie du XVIIIe arrondissement. Profitez d'une ambiance typiquement parisienne dans un logement donnant sur une cours fleurie. Accès complet au logement
33851		Beau 3 pièce, spacieux, jolie déco design, au calme, situé au coeur d'un quartier populaire en pleine mutation. Nice quiet and spacious design flat, in the heart of popular district with everything you need around.
33852	Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Underground at 200m (Guy Moquet, Line 13), Bus 31 (Champs-Elysées) and Bus 95 (Louvre) nearby. Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station, Saint Lazare Railway and Montparnasse Railway station. Detailed description: - Hall with Big cupboard for your coats an others clothes,  - Nice shower room with shower and toilet,  - Equiped kitchenette (oven, plates, refrigerator, cooker hood, kettle, etc...) in Main Room - Main room with sofa bed and chest of drawers, view on the roofs of Paris. - Internet access (wifi can be a bit weak sometimes depending on the Net state) and TV - No elevator. Ideal and charming place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple: Montmartre nearby (15 mn by foot) but also direct access by buses for Champs-Elysées and Louvre. Nearby: Montmartre, Place o	Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Underground at 200m (Guy Moquet, Line 13), Bus 31 (Champs-Elysées) and Bus 95 (Louvre) nearby. Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station, Saint Lazare Railway and Montparnasse Railway station. Detailed description: - Hall with Big cupboard for your coats an others clothes,  - Nice shower room with shower and toilet,  - Equiped kitchenette (oven, plates, refrigerator, cooker hood, kettle, etc...) in Main Room - Main room with sofa bed and chest of drawers, view on the roofs of Paris. - Internet access (wifi can be a bit weak sometimes depending on the Net state) and TV - No elevator. Ideal and charmin
33853	My apartment was completely refurbished in 2011 by architects. 4th floor, no elevator. There's a glass wall, 2 roof windows The apartment opens onto a one-way street and onto the garden. The apartment is rather quiet. You may only hear the metro close by. Your nights will be peaceful. The access to the building is restricted. You need an entry pass to go through the two doors.	My apartment was completely refurbished in 2011. Very comfortable and fully equiped. Very bright, triple exposure. Can put 6 adults up. Contains 3 beds and 2 bathrooms. My apartment was completely refurbished in 2011 by architects. 4th floor, no elevator. There's a glass wall, 2 roof windows The apartment opens onto a one-way street and onto the garden. The apartment is rather quiet. You may only hear the metro close by. Your nights will be peaceful. The access to the building is restricted. You need an entry pass to go through the two doors. You'll have access to the entire apartment. You can cook local, have a nice long bath after having strolled in Paris all day. Nespresso coffee machine Toaster washing machine Convection oven Microwave Induction plate American fridge Freezer Wine cellar Dish washer Iron and ironing board Hair dryer Plasma TV, 110cm High internet connection WIFI Computer + printer Sound system BOSE Free landline to call Europe and the USA (You'll be charged should y
33854		Welcome to Paris! Enjoy our convivial, clean and fully furnished apartment, 55m², 3th floor of a typical Parisian building. The apartment is very quiet and sunny, overlooks a unique, popular location. The flat is fully furnished. There are two bedrooms, a living room with a diner table and a separate kitchen.  The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, microwave, oven and fridge. You also have a Wi-Fi access.  You will share the flat with Lucie and I. Lucie, 25 years old is a speech therapist. I am 26 years old, co-founder of a web agency.  I think we are easy going person :) We enjoy meeting new people and we will be happy to show you places in Paris we love. Feel free to ask us what you need ! We will give you our best tips ! If you're coming from the airport Roissy-Charles de Gaule, the flat is only 2 stations away from Gare du Nord.  The apartment is at a 2 minutes walk to the metro Château Rouge (Metro Line 4) and 5 minutes walk from Barbes-Rochechouart (L2).  There is also a
33855	The room is small but cozy. Furthermore, its located in one of the liveliest neighborhoods of Paris, right near the beautiful Sacré Coeur. 	Hi guys! I am a student in Sciences Po and I will have a free room in my apartment during the holidays.
33856	Flat on ground floor overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and secure. It has all facilities, open kitchen equiped (ceramic glass cooktop, fridge, microwave oven, washing machine...), bathroom with bathtub and toilet. Each window is double-glazed and there is two electric radiator plus one towel drying heater in the bathroom. Towels and bed sheets provided Check-in and check-out upon availability Minimum stay : 1 night	                        New studio entirely restored in January 2015, on ground floor overlooking the courtyard. Only 1 minute far from the subway exit. The Sacré Coeur and Montmartre is only 15 minutes on foot.                  Flat on ground floor overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and secure. It has all facilities, open kitchen equiped (ceramic glass cooktop, fridge, microwave oven, washing machine...), bathroom with bathtub and toilet. Each window is double-glazed and there is two electric radiator plus one towel drying heater in the bathroom. Towels and bed sheets provided Check-in and check-out upon availability Minimum stay : 1 night Cet appartement se trouve au cœur d'un quartier animé du 18e arrondissement de Paris, qui compte de nombreux commerces et restaurants divers. Le quartier de Montmartre et la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur sont accessibles en 15 minutes de marche et la mairie du 18ème est toute proche également. De plus, vous pourrez vous rendre directement au centre de 
33857	Pretty spacious flat, with two rooms, a kitchen separated...	2nd floor calm and shiny flat. One great bed room and a confortable living room for another guest. fully equipped kitchen. 10 mn walk for Sacré Cœur and 5 mn to métro 4 et 12, bus 31... Come and enjoy Paris! Pretty spacious flat, with two rooms, a kitchen separated... You would have the flat for your own! We welcome you on arrival and take the keys to your departure. Otherwise, we will let you relax quietly. We would be reachable at all times in case of problems. Quiet area. No boulevard. Small and peacefull park just front of the building. Some great restaurant and bar  and a beautiful vintage swimingpool with a two minutes walk. Well-stocked supermarket very close.  10 minutes from Sacré Coeur and Puces de Saint-Ouen, 15 to Pigale, 20 to Canal de l'Ourcq...  2 minutes drive from Porte de Clignancourt. 5 minutes to metro Marcadet Poissoniers (line 4 and 12), and  to bus 31 and 60. Rental bike (velib') front of the building.
33858	The flat is really great, all equipped. The kitchen includes a washing machine, dryer, hob. My favorite place is the shower: it's an Italian-style bathroom with dark grey tiles.	Superbe deux pièces refait à beauf à 10 mn à pied de Montmartre. Tout équipé : cuisine équipée, lave-linge, four, machine à café. Douche italienne, grand dressing. Lit deux places et canapé-lit dans le salon. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. The flat is really great, all equipped. The kitchen includes a washing machine, dryer, hob. My favorite place is the shower: it's an Italian-style bathroom with dark grey tiles. I am here for you if you need anything. Located at a 10mn walk from Montmartre, the neighbourhood is really nice. There are lots of trendy shops and restaurants. The flat is ideally located between two tube lines: line 4, that will take you to Chatelet, Saint-Michel, Saint Germain, and Porte de Clignancourt, with line 12 that will take you to Opera, Galeries Lafayette and Montparnasse.
33859	 The flat is walking distance from the quaint Rue du Poteau with lots of cafes, bakeries, cheese shops, deli... The district Jules Joffrin is very nice. When you get out from the Metro, you are between a lovely church and the old city hall of the 18ème. Jules Joffrin is perfectly located between the 18ème bourgeois and the most popular one, between the ambiances of Montmartre and Barbès.	           Charming apartment with 1 bedroom (260 Sq feet) in the heart of the 18th district in a lovely, young neighborhood close to Montmartre, Pigalle and Barbès. Ideal for a young couple wishing to discover Paris.     The flat is walking distance from the quaint Rue du Poteau with lots of cafes, bakeries, cheese shops, deli... The district Jules Joffrin is very nice. When you get out from the Metro, you are between a lovely church and the old city hall of the 18ème. Jules Joffrin is perfectly located between the 18ème bourgeois and the most popular one, between the ambiances of Montmartre and Barbès. - WIFI access - Tea and coffee for breakfast - A lot of films with a projector - Books in english and french I'm available to interact with guests before they come and during their stay.  Métro :  - 5 min: Jules Joffrin, ligne 12 (Abesses, Saint Lazare, Concorde, Madeleine)  - 7 min: Simplon, ligne 4 (Chatelêt Les Halles, Saint-Michel, Luxembourg) Walking distances:  - Shops and Restau
33860		A deux pas de Montmartre et des puces de Saint Ouen, F2 Lumineux et fonctionnel. Canapé convertible dans le salon pour une 3ème personne. Salon donnant sur le Boulevard Ornano : Double vitrage (aucun bruit lorsque les fenêtres sont fermées). Chambre, salle de bain attenante donnant sur cour, très calme. Accès :  Station de métro Porte de Clignancourt - ligne 4 à 20m de l'appartement, desservant le centre de Paris (Chatelet à 20 minutes).
33861	Helloo,  Nice and cosy apartment located in the neighborhood of Montmartre.  Closest Metro: Jules Joffrin. Many bistros and bars next door.  One living room (with a couch bed)  One double room  Kitchen equiped Big bathroom    	Helloo,  Nice and cosy apartment located in the neighborhood of Montmartre.  Closest Metro: Jules Joffrin. Many bistros and bars next door.  One living room (with a couch bed)  One double room  Kitchen equiped Big bathroom    
33862		At the base of metro Marcadet/Poissonnier, 10 minutes walk to the top of the butte Montmartre in a lively area with African colors. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor on the Rue Marcadet, 35m2. All shops and amenities close. Quartier de la butte Montmartre, atypique, riche en commerces, marchés et salles de spectacles. Au pied de la ligne 12 et 4 du métro marcadet/poissonier, les principales gares sncf sont accessibles en moins de 20 minutes.  Places de parking régulièrement disponibles dans le quartier.
33863	Superbe studio refait à neuf, très calme. Terrasse avec table et chaises en bois pour manger dehors!	Appartement 1er étage avec ascenseur immeuble récent tout proche de Montmartre. Trés bien désservi (métro, bus) station guy moquet. Jusqu'à 4 couchages, télévision, cuisine toute équipée, baignoire, grand balcon! 30 mètres carrés, 2 pièces + entrée Superbe studio refait à neuf, très calme. Terrasse avec table et chaises en bois pour manger dehors! Montmartre 5 minutes Champs Elysées 15 minutes Tour Eiffel 25 minutes Je suis à disposition toute toute question pratique, et pour vous aider dans l'organisation de votre séjour (idées sorties, lieux sympas, restaurants ect) Arret de métro Guy Moquet quartier vivant et animé! Proche de Montmartre avec de nombreux commerces! La rue est cependant calme, sans bruit la nuit! Métro ou bus, 8 minutes de saint lazare, 20 minutes de gare du nord ou montparnasse
33864		À 50 mètres du métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12 qui traverse tout Paris), douillet petit appartement dans un quartier charmant avec rue pavée, marché aux fruits et légumes, petits restaurants, excellente boulangerie, entre l'église et la mairie, sur une jolie place avec un manège. Idéal pour les amoureux!
33865	The apartment has a large living room (25 sqm) with double sofa bed, wifi, dining table for 2-6 people, TV ; a bedroom with a double bed (160x200 ) and storage ; a fully equipped kitchen (ceramic hob 4 burners, microwave and convection oven, large refrigerator, coffee machine, toaster, juicer, etc. and washing machine) ; a bathroom with shower and sink and a separate toilet. The balcony is facing south, on a quiet, leafy courtyard : it has sunbeds , table, small barbecue.	Quiet, convenient location, 10mn walk to the historic district of Montmartre and to the cosmopolitan district of la Goutte d'Or. Living-room w. sofa -bed, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, toilets. From the balcony one can hear birds singing ! The apartment has a large living room (25 sqm) with double sofa bed, wifi, dining table for 2-6 people, TV ; a bedroom with a double bed (160x200 ) and storage ; a fully equipped kitchen (ceramic hob 4 burners, microwave and convection oven, large refrigerator, coffee machine, toaster, juicer, etc. and washing machine) ; a bathroom with shower and sink and a separate toilet. The balcony is facing south, on a quiet, leafy courtyard : it has sunbeds , table, small barbecue. Travelers have access to the whole apartment and balcony. I will be in New York for work during your stay, but easily accessible. Friends and neighbors will be available when needed. A professional will give you the keys (and take them back), and present you all the features of the ap
33866	Grand, lumineux, atypique, cet ancien magasin de peinture a été réaménagé en appartement avec un souplex utilisé comme un salle de musique ( Le bocal). Venez partager un moment avec des artistes (Musicien, Comédien)!	Très grand loft lumineux dans un quartier très chaleureux et à quelque minutes de la butte de Montmartre. Le loft est équipé et confortable. Nous serons ravis de vous faire partager notre chez nous and meet some friendly people!:) Grand, lumineux, atypique, cet ancien magasin de peinture a été réaménagé en appartement avec un souplex utilisé comme un salle de musique ( Le bocal). Venez partager un moment avec des artistes (Musicien, Comédien)! Vous aurez l'accès au Wifi, à la cuisine si vous souhaitez cuisiner. Nous sommes habituellement 5 à vivre dans ce superbe loft et au moins l'un d'entre nous sera à l'appartement pour vous accueillir. Il y aura peut-être des diners ou des petit-déjeuner partagés ensemble suivant nos horaires. Le quartier est très animé avec tous les commerces de proximité, le marché couvert de l'Olive qui offre de savoureux plats cuisinés. Les restaurants très cosy et sympathiques. On y trouve une pharmacie, des boulangeries, un supermarché asiatique et Franprix d
33867		Situé rue Championnet dans le 18ème , métro Simplon (ligne 4) – Jules Joffrin (ligne12) Studio de 18m2 au 6ème étage d’un immeuble très calme, proche de tous commerces Petite entrée, grande pièce principale, cuisine séparée, salle de bain/WC
33868	Mon  appartement se situé vers la mairie de 18ème, il est proche de nombreux commerces et de deux lignes de métro (ligne4 porte de clignacourt et ligne 12 Jules Joffrin), En 20 min à pieds en grimpant vous serez sur la butte de  Montmartre. Il y a dans l'appartement une chambre séparée du salon où il y a un canapé qui se déplie et une cuisine américaine Vous verrez il est très fonctionnel et le quartier est vivant et sympa!Vous y serez bien! 50 euros par nuit 300 euros/semaine ou 1000 euros le mois( juillet aout) A très bientôt	 Mon appartement est proche de la rue du Poteau, rue très commercante, le quartier est vivant et agréable.En 20 min à pieds vous serez sur la Butte Montmartre et il y a 2 lignes de métro à proximité. L'appartement est fonctionnel vous y serez bien. Mon  appartement se situé vers la mairie de 18ème, il est proche de nombreux commerces et de deux lignes de métro (ligne4 porte de clignacourt et ligne 12 Jules Joffrin), En 20 min à pieds en grimpant vous serez sur la butte de  Montmartre. Il y a dans l'appartement une chambre séparée du salon où il y a un canapé qui se déplie et une cuisine américaine Vous verrez il est très fonctionnel et le quartier est vivant et sympa!Vous y serez bien! 50 euros par nuit 300 euros/semaine ou 1000 euros le mois( juillet aout) A très bientôt deux lignes de métro la 4 et la 12
33869	Apartment for rent 45 m²; very bright, third floor (without elevator), in a nice building next to a quiet square in the 18th district of paris  close to Sacré cœur and Moulin rouge 1 bedroom, 1 living room, (2 beds). Equipped kitchen (Stove, refrigerator, oven, freezer…)  Shower, separated toilets. Internet WiFi, no TV, washing machine. From 2 (to 4 peoples).	Nice one bedroom flat in Montmartre Apartment for rent 45 m²; very bright, third floor (without elevator), in a nice building next to a quiet square in the 18th district of paris  close to Sacré cœur and Moulin rouge 1 bedroom, 1 living room, (2 beds). Equipped kitchen (Stove, refrigerator, oven, freezer…)  Shower, separated toilets. Internet WiFi, no TV, washing machine. From 2 (to 4 peoples). Nice area, close to all shops and parisian places of interest. Also with in a walking distance from public transports (metro Jules Joffrin and Lamarck Caullaincourt (line 12)). Bus : 95, 31 and 60. Metro :  Ligne 12 (Lamarck Caulaincourt /Jules Joffrin)  ou ligne 13 (Guy Mocquet) Bus : 95, 31, 60.
33870	C'est un immeuble Montmartois. L'appartement a été restauré avec des matériaux de qualité.  Les moulures et chéminées ont été conservées. 	Appartement très confortable, situé à proximité de tous les commerces et à deux pas du Sacré Coeur. Il y a un salon avec un canapé-lit, une cuisine aménagée dans laquelle il est possible de manger, une salle d'eau et une chambre individuelle. C'est un immeuble Montmartois. L'appartement a été restauré avec des matériaux de qualité.  Les moulures et chéminées ont été conservées.  Les voyageurs auront le plaisir de découvrir Montmartre et pourront facilement se rendre dans le centre de Paris grâce aux nombreux moyens de transport. Le quartier est très agréable. Il est possible de trouver toute sorte de commerces.  Pour y accéder : bus 30 ou bus 54. Descendre à l'arrêt Anvers/Sacré-Cœur. Métro : ligne 2 et 12. 
33871	ce logement est très spacieux si vous aimez le confort et l'espace.	Appartement spacieux, agreable de type f2 : chambre avec un lit 2 place, salon canape , cuisine, salle de bain wc separe superficie 56 m2 . Tres proche commerce, marche, 2 minutes a pied du metro sur ligne st lazare, champs elysées directement. ce logement est très spacieux si vous aimez le confort et l'espace. métro direction point st lazare , champs elysees , montparnasse coimmerce marche... tres bien situe en plein paris: restaurant, commerce, transports hopital... a 2 minute a pied ligne 13.
33872	Our cosy flat is ideally located in the heart of Montmatre in a quiet and typical street.  It is on the second floor of a 1930’s art deco style building and the lift makes it easy to carry luggage and shopping. Our apartment is very close to the city’s main tourist attractions - it is a perfect base from which to explore all that Paris has to offer.  You will be: ★ 1 minute from stores and restaurants ★ close to the metro - just 100 metres to Pigalle and 200 metres from Abbesses ★ within 5 minutes walk of the Sacré Coeur or le Moulin Rouge ★ 15 minutes from the Champs Elysées (using line 2 of the subway) The flat can accommodate 4 people (one real bed and one comfortable sofa bed). It also contains a flat screen TV, electric stove, microwave, coffee maker and  iPad/iPhone/iPod base.  There is access to high speed internet via wifi. Towels and linen provided. There is a dryer. Upon booking we will send you a complete kit including: ★ a map of Paris ★ the addresses of our favorite little	Enjoy the area for artists and lovers of genuine charm, famous for the Sacré Coeur Basilica and its magnificent view of Paris! Our cosy flat is ideally located in the heart of Montmatre in a quiet and typical street.  It is on the second floor of a 1930’s art deco style building and the lift makes it easy to carry luggage and shopping. Our apartment is very close to the city’s main tourist attractions - it is a perfect base from which to explore all that Paris has to offer.  You will be: ★ 1 minute from stores and restaurants ★ close to the metro - just 100 metres to Pigalle and 200 metres from Abbesses ★ within 5 minutes walk of the Sacré Coeur or le Moulin Rouge ★ 15 minutes from the Champs Elysées (using line 2 of the subway) The flat can accommodate 4 people (one real bed and one comfortable sofa bed). It also contains a flat screen TV, electric stove, microwave, coffee maker and  iPad/iPhone/iPod base.  There is access to high speed internet via wifi. Towels and linen provided. Th
33873	Very cosy little flat with one bedroom, one living room with kitchen and a bathroom.  Very nice view, very bright, absolutely clean, very relaxing and totally quiet.  Fully furnished. Accommodates a couple, ideal for 2 people. One double bed and one single bed. Restaurants, cafés, food stores, supermarkets and bakeries around the corner. Easy access to most locations in Paris : - 6 min walk to Sacré-Coeur   - 15mn with the metro to Ile de la Cité - 10mn with the metro to Gare du Nord. - Very easy access from Charles De Gaulle Airport (RER B stop at Gare du Nord)  Nearest metro stations Château Rouge or Lamarck (lines 4 or 12) (1mn) by walk,	Very cosy little flat with one bedroom, one living room with kitchen and a bathroom.  Very nice view, very bright, absolutely clean, very relaxing and totally quiet.  Fully furnished. Accommodates a couple, ideal for 2 people. One double bed and one single bed. Restaurants, cafés, food stores, supermarkets and bakeries around the corner. Easy access to most locations in Paris : - 6 min walk to Sacré-Coeur   - 15mn with the metro to Ile de la Cité - 10mn with the metro to Gare du Nord. - Very easy access from Charles De Gaulle Airport (RER B stop at Gare du Nord)  Nearest metro stations Château Rouge or Lamarck (lines 4 or 12) (1mn) by walk, Full apartment with :  - unlimited FAST SPEED ADSL Internet  - Towels and linens provided -  -The kitchen part is equipped with, hot plates induction, oven, fridge, freezer, toaster, coffee maker and boiler. Dishes, pots, pans ...  - Bathroom with a large Italian shower, restrooms and a cabinet.
33874	Bel appartement de 40m2 situé à Marcadet-Poissonniers, au pied de Montmartre et son Sacré Coeur, dans le quartier cosmopolite de Marcadet-Poissonniers. Appartement récemment refait à neuf et entièrement équipé, composé:  - d'une cuisine cuisine avec plaques vitrocéramiques, four et four micro-onde, grand frigo et lave linge, ouverte sur le salon avec un bar, - d'un vaste salon avec un grand canapé pouvant éventuellement accueillir 1 personne supplémentaire, de fauteuils et d'une table basse,  - de toilette séparé, - d'une chambre avec un grand lit deux places (160x200) et des rangements, - d'une salle de douche avec une grande douche et un lavabo. Appartement très propre, calme (double vitrage), au 2ème étage d'un immeuble tranquille et accessible avec digicode.	Bel appartement de 40m2 situé au pied de Montmartre, dans le quartier cosmopolite de Marcadet Poissonniers. Il se compose d'un salon, d'une cuisine ouverte et d'une chambre avec sdb attenante. Idéal pour un couple qui souhaite découvrir Paris. Bel appartement de 40m2 situé à Marcadet-Poissonniers, au pied de Montmartre et son Sacré Coeur, dans le quartier cosmopolite de Marcadet-Poissonniers. Appartement récemment refait à neuf et entièrement équipé, composé:  - d'une cuisine cuisine avec plaques vitrocéramiques, four et four micro-onde, grand frigo et lave linge, ouverte sur le salon avec un bar, - d'un vaste salon avec un grand canapé pouvant éventuellement accueillir 1 personne supplémentaire, de fauteuils et d'une table basse,  - de toilette séparé, - d'une chambre avec un grand lit deux places (160x200) et des rangements, - d'une salle de douche avec une grande douche et un lavabo. Appartement très propre, calme (double vitrage), au 2ème étage d'un immeuble tranquille et accessibl
33875	this  apartment is located in the heart of  Montmartre ,   near to  Place du Tertre, a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica,   you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris  Place du Tertre    many restaurants , shops and many artists who propose to paint your portrait Ideally located for exploring all that Montmartre and Paris have to offer – Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur, beautiful cobblestone streets, shopping, art galleries, museums, cozy cafes, bars and restaurants, theatres - in what is arguably considered one of the most beautiful and historic neighbourhood in the City of Lights. Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 6 ( 1 bed rooms  , and 1 living room)  Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves )  Linen, towels, international tv and free wifi Near the apartment you can find  ;many bars. restaurants,  trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums, famous  portraitists	this  apartment is located in the heart of  Montmartre ,   near to  Place du Tertre, a few meters away from Sacre Coeur Basilica,   you will have the most beautiful panoramic view of Paris  Place du Tertre    many restaurants , shops and many artists who propose to paint your portrait Ideally located for exploring all that Montmartre and Paris have to offer – Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur, beautiful cobblestone streets, shopping, art galleries, museums, cozy cafes, bars and restaurants, theatres - in what is arguably considered one of the most beautiful and historic neighbourhood in the City of Lights. Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris Sleeps 6 ( 1 bed rooms  , and 1 living room)  Equipped kitchen with all the amenities (coffee maker, kettle, , fridge, microwaves )  Linen, towels, international tv and free wifi Near the apartment you can find  ;many bars. restaurants,  trendy and arty shops, , pubs, museums, famous  portraitists
33876		Charmant appartement de 30m2, au coeur de Montmartre. Idéal pour un couple avec 1 enfant, il se compose d'un salon séjour, d'une chambre indépendante, d'une kitchenette et d'une salle de bain wc. Machine à laver le linge, internet.
33877	Our small house in on three different floor. Kitchen is at the ground floor. Quiet bed room at first floor. Living Room can be tranform into a second bedroom at the second floor. It is a very special and unique place. You will feel at home. /// La maison est sur plusieurs étages avec une grande cuisine et salle à manger au rez de chaussée, au 1er étage une grande chambre avec salle de bain et un 3eme étage avec le salon qui peut aussi faire office de 2eme chambre avec un canapé convertible. C'est un espace particulier et unique qui vous fera vite vous sentir chez vous. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 à 4 personnes.	"Welcome to  Village Ramey! Down the hills of Montmartre. 5mn to ""Sacrée Coeur"".  3 floors for 70m2.  Good Vibes. In the heart  of the most typical and lively area of the city.  Little of ""Brooklyn attitude"" with a real french parisian flavor. Our small house in on three different floor. Kitchen is at the ground floor. Quiet bed room at first floor. Living Room can be tranform into a second bedroom at the second floor. It is a very special and unique place. You will feel at home. /// La maison est sur plusieurs étages avec une grande cuisine et salle à manger au rez de chaussée, au 1er étage une grande chambre avec salle de bain et un 3eme étage avec le salon qui peut aussi faire office de 2eme chambre avec un canapé convertible. C'est un espace particulier et unique qui vous fera vite vous sentir chez vous. L'appartement peut accueillir 2 à 4 personnes. You have acces to the all apartment. It is yours./// Vous avez accés à toute la maison, elle est à vous. We are living in our neighbou"
33878	Appartement lumineux et agréable avec un salon donnant sur la rue, et une chambre sur cour. Lit de 160 de larg dans la chambre + banquette de 80 de larg dans le salon, pouvant servir de lit une place. Cuisine équipée : plaques à induction, four (pas de micro-ondes), machine à laver le linge, bouilloire, grille-pain, ustensiles de cuisine. Autres équipements : planche + fer à repasser.	Charming and cosy apartment, carefully decorated by a movies set decorator. 2 rooms of 35 m2, on the third floor of a nice old stone building (without elevator), with fully-equipped kitchen and room of shower + separate toilet. Appartement lumineux et agréable avec un salon donnant sur la rue, et une chambre sur cour. Lit de 160 de larg dans la chambre + banquette de 80 de larg dans le salon, pouvant servir de lit une place. Cuisine équipée : plaques à induction, four (pas de micro-ondes), machine à laver le linge, bouilloire, grille-pain, ustensiles de cuisine. Autres équipements : planche + fer à repasser. Vous aurez l'appartement pour vous seuls. Juste quelques placards et tiroirs ne seront pas accessibles. Je loue mon appartement durant mes congés. Bien que je ne serai pas là au moment de votre séjour, je serai joignable par téléphone ou mail pour toutes vos questions. Une amie se chargera de vous remettre les clefs. N'hésitez pas à me demander plus d'informations sur l'appartement
33879	In the heart of Montmartre you will discover a charming cozy 2 floors apartment. Just renovated, located in the Abbesses district - the most attractive part of Montmartre. The studio is 27m2. It comprises a lounge with a kitchen on the ground floor. In the lounge you will find a folding table with chairs, convertible sofa and a wardrobe. Convertible sofa is provided with a comfortable mattress. There are also LCD TV / microwave/coffee machine/kettle/toaster/fridge/dishes/iron with an iron table/hair dryer. Downstairs there is a nicely decorated bedroom with a 160x200 bed, wardrobe and a comode.  The bathroom includes shower cubicle, sink, toilet and a mirror. The kitchen and the bathroom are modern. Cable TV, highspeed Wifi, International  callings are included in the price. Towels and linen are provided. This apartment is very quiet, very well located and will appeal to all lovers of Paris.       If you travel by car, there is a guarded underground parking 250 m far from the apartment	"Nicely decorated 2 flloors apartment in the hart of the most romantic place of Paris - Montmartre. 5 min walk to the metro station Abbesses on the calm street rue Berthe. Only 300 metres far from The Basilique of the Sacré Coeur. 7 min walk to the famous cabaret ""Le Moulin Rouge"". Secure parking is nearby. In the heart of Montmartre you will discover a charming cozy 2 floors apartment. Just renovated, located in the Abbesses district - the most attractive part of Montmartre. The studio is 27m2. It comprises a lounge with a kitchen on the ground floor. In the lounge you will find a folding table with chairs, convertible sofa and a wardrobe. Convertible sofa is provided with a comfortable mattress. There are also LCD TV / microwave/coffee machine/kettle/toaster/fridge/dishes/iron with an iron table/hair dryer. Downstairs there is a nicely decorated bedroom with a 160x200 bed, wardrobe and a comode.  The bathroom includes shower cubicle, sink, toilet and a mirror. The kitchen and the bath"
33880	The flat is situated at the entrance of « Place du Tertre » in a small paved alley separated from the flow of tourists, with a very discreet vis-à-vis.	This 2 -room mezzanine loft with woodwork and beams, at the top of the Montmartre hill, will charm you with its cozy atmosphere and its excellent furnishings. Situated in a quiet street a few steps from the Basilica and Place du Tertre . The flat is situated at the entrance of « Place du Tertre » in a small paved alley separated from the flow of tourists, with a very discreet vis-à-vis. Basilique du Sacré-cœur and its view on the whole Paris, at a stone throw of Abbesses, Pigalle and Moulin Rouge, with an exceptional metropolitan network which will bring you in a glimpse at the heart of the City of Lights. The apartment is all yours, with all the intimacy it grants you. I will stay at your disposal for any help required. “Flon-flons” and colorful boutiques enhance the unique atmosphere radiating from the “village of artists”. You are no longer in the great metropolis but indeed in the Paris of Gavroche. 10mn walk away from the metro Abbesses, or if not by taxi, surely by the electrical
33881		Charmant 2 pièces de 42m2 avec balcon filant au 2e étage avec ascenseur. Situé à proximité de la butte Montmartre et de la Mairie du 18e. La stations de métro Marcadet Poissonniers (ligne 12 et 4) se trouve à 50 mètres.
33882		Beau 2 pièces 40 m2 au coeur de Paris dans le 9eme arrondissement. A proximité de Montmartre, ligne 4, gare du Nord, Eurostar, trains pour aéroports CDG et ORLY. très calme, sur cour, au 1er étage. refait à neuf, WIFI, Internet, TV.
33883	In the very heart of Montmartre, in Paris center, at the foot of the Sacré Coeur, ... (unbeatable location) A cosy, comfy and quiet apartment, for family and Amélie Poulain lovers, ...  A peaceful and delicate atmosphere, far from any noise, ...  (vintage and arty spirit) On the 2nd floor of a typical and friendly Parisian building, ... (no lift) We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay with us, ... (and come back!) At a reasonable pricing, because we don't want to host only wealthy people... (we value other riches too) IN BRIEF : - Unbeatable location - very well connected to public transport: metro line 2 Anvers and line 4 Chateau Rouge +bike+bus+train to CDG airport/Brussels/London - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) - 1 bedroom + 1 living with lounge area, dining area and kitchen + 1 bathroom (Italian shower and WC) + 1 hall - Sleep up to 4 - Wireless High Speed Internet - Cable TV - 	In the very heart of Montmartre, in Paris center, at the foot of the Sacré Coeur, ... (unbeatable location) A cosy, comfy and quiet apartment, for family and Amélie Poulain lovers, ...  A peaceful and delicate atmosphere, far from any noise, ...  (vintage and arty spirit) On the 2nd floor of a typical and friendly Parisian building, ... (no lift) We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay with us, ... (and come back!) At a reasonable pricing, because we don't want to host only wealthy people... (we value other riches too) IN BRIEF : - Unbeatable location - very well connected to public transport: metro line 2 Anvers and line 4 Chateau Rouge +bike+bus+train to CDG airport/Brussels/London - lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) - 1 bedroom + 1 living with lounge area, dining area and kitchen + 1 bathroom (Italian shower and WC) + 1 hall - Sleep up to 4 - Wireless High Speed Internet - Cable TV - 
33884	Parquet, molures d'époque...	Un bel appartement au 5eme étage, sans préavis, avec balcon. A 10 min à pied de Montmartre et 3 min du plus grand marché au puce d'Europe.  Beautiful appartment on the 5th floor, with balcony and floors. 10 min walk from Montmartre. Parquet, molures d'époque... Ligne 4 (à 5 min de gare du nord - accès RERB des aéroports) Attention 5e étage sans ascenceur !
33885	Very close to Paris main sightseeings : 10' Montmartre or Place de Clichy, 15' Abesses and Pigalle.	Real 2 rooms flat (separate room +kitchen/ living) ,10' by foot  from Montmartre in a very nice, really Parisian building. Convenient for short stays in Paris, close to 3 metro stations area in the lively neighbourhood of Lamarck-Caulaincourt. Very close to Paris main sightseeings : 10' Montmartre or Place de Clichy, 15' Abesses and Pigalle. Shower, bathroom, living room and room
33886	Entre Montmartre et  Clichy pas loin du Moulin rouge.. A la fois situe  dans un  endroit calme et agreable et securisee - digicode à 2 endroits - il suffit de traverser la rue parallele pour etre dans une longue avenue commercante...centre commercial...et 2 fois par semaine c est le marche...les 2 chambres sont disponibles ..avec des espaces pour ranger vos vetements ...le salon est spacieux avec la tele ...et la free box qui vous permettront de voir 500 chaines locales et internationales.. La cuisine est entierement equipee...	Situe a la fin du 18 em et au debut du 17 em,a 10 mn de place de Clichy et 10mn de Montmartre, proche  toutes commodites, a 3 mn du metro et du bus,quartier agreable ...rue tres calme,vue sur jardin et la rue parrallele tout commerces... Entre Montmartre et  Clichy pas loin du Moulin rouge.. A la fois situe  dans un  endroit calme et agreable et securisee - digicode à 2 endroits - il suffit de traverser la rue parallele pour etre dans une longue avenue commercante...centre commercial...et 2 fois par semaine c est le marche...les 2 chambres sont disponibles ..avec des espaces pour ranger vos vetements ...le salon est spacieux avec la tele ...et la free box qui vous permettront de voir 500 chaines locales et internationales.. La cuisine est entierement equipee... Acces a tous les espaces... le salon est spacieux.. Tous les equipements peuvent etre utilises ... Ma petite soeur se fera un plaisir de vous acceuillir et de vous montrer le quartier ainsi que les incontournables a voir sur Par
33887	This new studio created by Patrick. Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This small but awsome Parisian loft of 25 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the top of the Duhesme street in the 18th arrondissement (100 meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt Sacred Heart), on the ground floor (0 floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 3 guests. This apartment consists of a living room with mezzanine room, a kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a toilette and it is fully equipped with:  refrigerator, TV, Free internet access, , a radio vintage. Like having your own home in Paris. The small but cute studio is a unique and an exceptional furnished rental, in part because of its high ceilings and a sofa bed. Beyond comfort and decor, here are a few of the amenities our guests rave about: flat screen TV complimentary free high speed internet radio magazines and books Library	New Loft style in the Montmartre, located in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur, full of café bar, bakers, french restaurants. This new studio created by Patrick. Situated in an unspoiled slice of Montmartre away form the tourism crowds, one of the nicest part to visit and live in Sacré Coeur. This small but awsome Parisian loft of 25 square meters, tall ceiling, is located in the top of the Duhesme street in the 18th arrondissement (100 meters from the Metro Lamarck Caulaincourt Sacred Heart), on the ground floor (0 floor US) of a 19th century building and it can accommodate 3 guests. This apartment consists of a living room with mezzanine room, a kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a toilette and it is fully equipped with:  refrigerator, TV, Free internet access, , a radio vintage. Like having your own home in Paris. The small but cute studio is a unique and an exceptional furnished rental, in part be
33888	Appartement Montmartrois contemporain. Vieux parquet, équipements modernes, peintures neuves. 3ème étage sans ascenseur.	Cet appartement traversant de 2 pièces est idéalement situé dans le quartier de Montmartre. A 2 minutes du métro Abbesses, 3 minutes de la Basilique du Sacré-coeur, il jouit à la fois d'un quartier vivant mais du calme de sa situation. Appartement Montmartrois contemporain. Vieux parquet, équipements modernes, peintures neuves. 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Disponible par email, sms ou téléphone tout au long de votre séjour, et non loin de l'appartement, je saurai vous rendre service si besoin est. Le 18ème arrondissement est un grand village cosmopolite. Montmartre, et plus précisément les Abbesses, est un petit village dans la ville. La vie de quartier y est très agréable. 2mn du Métro Abbesses 5mn du Métro Pigalle  15mn de la Gare du Nord (20mn à pieds)
33889	Box pour petite voiture à  5  minutes à  pied	Au pied de la butte Montmartre, ce studio se trouve au 2eme étage ascenseur dans un immeuble avec gardien. Ce studio, calme et clair sur cour, rénové, est composé  d'une pièce  avec mezzanine, un canapé  convertible, une armoire, une télévision,  cuisine équipée,  salle de bains avec WC.  Box voiture possible Box pour petite voiture à  5  minutes à  pied Sacré coeur, puces de clignancourt, pigalle,  abbesses, moulin rouge Ligne 12 métro Jules J'offre ou ligne 4 métro simplon
33890	"NOTE: PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK AVAILABILITY WITH ME FIRST BEFORE MAKING A BOOKING HERE. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. Thank you so much for your understanding! THIS IS NOT A SHARE. YOU WILL HAVE THE WHOLE APARTMENT FOR YOURSELVES. Thank you for having a look! Here's a description of the place and its location.   THE APARTMENT: This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most attractive areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre half way between the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this nice and cosy apartment i've been trying to create! Ideally designed for a couple, the place can also feet small groups (3 to 4 persons). The building is situated at the corner of ""rue Lepic"" and ""rue des abbesses"". Located on 2nd floor of a classic Montmartre building, this apartment with its beautiful parquet floor, and contemporary furniture offers a mas"	"NOTE: PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK AVAILABILITY WITH ME FIRST BEFORE MAKING A BOOKING HERE. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. Thank you so much for your understanding! THIS IS NOT A SHARE. YOU WILL HAVE THE WHOLE APARTMENT FOR YOURSELVES. Thank you for having a look! Here's a description of the place and its location.   THE APARTMENT: This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most attractive areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian in the heart of Montmartre half way between the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the comfort and calm of this nice and cosy apartment i've been trying to create! Ideally designed for a couple, the place can also feet small groups (3 to 4 persons). The building is situated at the corner of ""rue Lepic"" and ""rue des abbesses"". Located on 2nd floor of a classic Montmartre building, this apartment with its beautiful parquet floor, and contemporary furniture offers a mas"
33891	Room in a large comfortable F3 1st floor. Very quiet and secure residence. Ideal to rest from a hard day of sightseeing in Paris. Apartment very well equipped (I live daily).	Rent room with a double bed in very quiet and bright apartment. Possibility of an extra bed for 10 € more in another chamber according to dates. Comfortable and well located. Room in a large comfortable F3 1st floor. Very quiet and secure residence. Ideal to rest from a hard day of sightseeing in Paris. Apartment very well equipped (I live daily). Access to the lounge, kitchen and bathroom. Sheets and towels provided. The friendly exchanges with the host are welcome. Feel free to ask me for advice, I would be happy to provide you all the information and tips to stay as pleasant as possible! I should sleep in the living room during your stay.
33892	A little flat close from Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur (by feet). Its brightness, old parquet, and its bedroom leading to its small balcony with flowers make his charm.	Its Brightness, old parquet and its bedroom leeding to a small balcony with flowers make his charm. Montmartre is at 15mn by walking. The center of Paris is at 20mn by subway, two subway lines and buses are close from it. A little flat close from Montmartre and the Sacré Cœur (by feet). Its brightness, old parquet, and its bedroom leading to its small balcony with flowers make his charm. The whole flat will be booked only for you. Please feel free to ask me if I can help you with anything that can ameliorate your comfort in your stay. I am always available on my mobile or email if you are in need of anything. Two subway lines and buses will help you to discover Paris Easily. I advise you to have a look on (website hidden) for further informations.
33893	An apartment in a new building (fully equipped), located 5 minutes from metro Jules Joffrin (line 12) and 10 minutes from the heart of Montmartre on foot. Many grocery store, bars and restaurants around the flat. The apartment has a terrace of 10 square meters overlooking a courtyard (very quiet and bright), where you can enjoy all your meals. The apartment is equipped for a plaisant and comfortable stay at the foot of Montmartre's hill.	Lovely apartment with a large balcony on a quiet and luminous courtyard. You'll find a lot of store, bars and restaurants around in the quarter. Sacré Coeur is only 10min by walk :-) An apartment in a new building (fully equipped), located 5 minutes from metro Jules Joffrin (line 12) and 10 minutes from the heart of Montmartre on foot. Many grocery store, bars and restaurants around the flat. The apartment has a terrace of 10 square meters overlooking a courtyard (very quiet and bright), where you can enjoy all your meals. The apartment is equipped for a plaisant and comfortable stay at the foot of Montmartre's hill. You'll have access to the whole apartment. The apartment is fully furnished with all commodities. Please don't hesitate to ask me if you're looking for a nice restaurant or a place to hangout !
33894	The apartment has a Wifi connection, a giant flat screen with access to international and local channels including NETFLIX, a fully equipped kitchen, 1 WC, 1 bathroom, 1 bedroom and a giant living/dining room equipped with 2 sofas.  Montmartre and Rue des abbesses are roughly 20 minutes by walk. Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides and Saint-Lazare are roughly 30-35 minutes by local transport (metro and bus).  Metro: Line 4, 13 and 12 are less than 10 minutes walk.  Bus: 95, PC3, etc are less than 2 minutes walk.  	Spacious and delicately-decorated apartment on the 4th floor of a building constructed in 1900. The building is equipped with an elevator and a concierge. The apartment has a Wifi connection, a giant flat screen with access to international
33895	The place is accomodated to welcome till 4 persons (1 queen bed and 1 comfortable sofa bed). Just below the Sacre Coeur and the very attractive place of Montmartre, the flat is hidden in a quiet and charming building.	Charming 2 rooms flat just below the Sacre Coeur and  in the hills of Montmartre. The place is accomodated to welcome till 4 persons (1 queen bed and 1 comfortable sofa bed). Just below the Sacre Coeur and the very attractive place of Montmartre, the flat is hidden in a quiet and charming building. Guests have access to the entire flat Before the arrival, we send a welcome kit to help guests prepare their stay in Paris. The check in can be done either by my husband/ myself or the lady in charge of the cleaning of the place. During the stay, we can be contacted for any questions/ issues. The flat is located at the entrance of the Sacre Coeur park. The view is just amazing. Close to the place you have Montmartre and its restaurants, bar terrace and nice food stores. The flat is also located close to: - 9th district also full of nice restaurants, bars and stores,  - Pigalle. From this place you can experience differents aspects of Paris. We have a welcome kit with basic information to rea
33896	This is a two-room 40m2 very bright and renovated this year (on the 3rd floor). It consists on a large room with a big bed 160x200 (dresser will be available for you), the living room has TV and internet fiber. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped (oven / microwave / plates / nespresso / washing machine ...) and there is a bathroom with bath and toilet.	"At the foot of Montmartre, put your bags in a lovely apartment just restored in the heart of the 18th district! Well located: subway lines, shops, mini market, restaurants ... Experience a charming Parisian stays. This is a two-room 40m2 very bright and renovated this year (on the 3rd floor). It consists on a large room with a big bed 160x200 (dresser will be available for you), the living room has TV and internet fiber. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped (oven / microwave / plates / nespresso / washing machine ...) and there is a bathroom with bath and toilet. Very easy to access, between two metro lines (stop Jules Joffrin and Simplon). At the foot of Montmartre. We will always be at your disposal to answer your questions Mayor 18th, neighborhood full of life, small restaurants and nice ""Bistrots"" (we'll leave you a list of our favorite places in the welcome book) very closed to Montmartre, emblematic and historic places in Paris. 2 metro stations are within 400 meters of th"
33897	Nice private room in a typical and charming  appartement near Montmartre, with a very nice vue on the parisian roofs. 	Private room to rent in a charming, bright and quiet apartment where I'm living. Typical neighborhood with village like atmosphere, open market. Close to buses and 2 metro stations. Bathroom and kitchen to share. Nice private room in a typical and charming  appartement near Montmartre, with a very nice vue on the parisian roofs. bathrom and kitchen Jules Joffrin. Typical neighborhood with village like atmosphere, lots of small shops and open market. Very close to Montmartre and the flea market. Métro Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4) Lots of parisian buses (line 60, line 31, line 80, line 85) 1double bed + 1simple bed on the mezzanine. 7th floor, without elevator
33898		Cet appartement très lumineux bénéficie d'une magnifique vue sur Paris et il a une grande terrasse avec une vue panoramique.
33899	Le mur en pierre qui le compose! Il est caractéristique des studios monmartrois (voir photo). Le logement est équipé de rangement, d'une télé, douche WC et d'un coin cuisine (+ four à micro-ondes). Il regroupe tout le confort qu'on souhaite retrouver chez soi.	Charmant studio indépendant,confortable, calme et équipé, au cœur de Montmartre,quartier célèbre et caractéristique de Paris. Studio indépendant, proche tous commerces et transports, point de vue admirable et site historique. Quartier magnifique et incontournable pour un séjour en amoureux.  Accueil convivial assuré! :) Le mur en pierre qui le compose! Il est caractéristique des studios monmartrois (voir photo). Le logement est équipé de rangement, d'une télé, douche WC et d'un coin cuisine (+ four à micro-ondes). Il regroupe tout le confort qu'on souhaite retrouver chez soi. Tous les équipements présents dans le studio vous seront accessibles: télé, frigo, four/micro-onde, plan de Paris  Conseils sur les bon plans de mon quartier.  Conseils sur des endroits sympa ,resto, musée, théâtre de Paris. Tout: le calme, les nombreux escaliers qui permettent d'accéder à la butte Montmartre et au Sacré-cœur. Les restaurant sympas, les théâtres, salles de concerts: la Cigale, le Funambule,... le 
