3000	"This apartment is located on a quiet open courtyard with large evergreen trees just outside the windows. The building itself is next to a great gem of a southwestern style French Bistro, and just around the corner are your bakeries and grocery stores as well. On the third floor, it is easily accessed by the wide, gentle stairs, and is the only apartment on the entire floor, adding again to its quiet,tranquil atmosphere! The property owners love Paris and have ensured all comforts are supplied. The bedroom features a king size bed (which can be configured as two separate twins with a chest of drawers between) fitted with a large ""top mattress"", an excellent high quality queen size sofa pull out sleeper in the living room,  good size kitchen and bathroom areas, with an extra large hot water heating tank for your comfort. It is air conditioned for those hot summer days as well. There are three large double pane windows facing out to the courtyards, so all rooms feature a window, including"	"Near the Eiffel Tower with Air Conditioning!  Only a 2 minute walk to the famous rue Cler area This apartment is located on a quiet open courtyard with large evergreen trees just outside the windows. The building itself is next to a great gem of a southwestern style French Bistro, and just around the corner are your bakeries and grocery stores as well. On the third floor, it is easily accessed by the wide, gentle stairs, and is the only apartment on the entire floor, adding again to its quiet,tranquil atmosphere! The property owners love Paris and have ensured all comforts are supplied. The bedroom features a king size bed (which can be configured as two separate twins with a chest of drawers between) fitted with a large ""top mattress"", an excellent high quality queen size sofa pull out sleeper in the living room,  good size kitchen and bathroom areas, with an extra large hot water heating tank for your comfort. It is air conditioned for those hot summer days as well. There are three l"
3001	Beautiful charming 1 bedroom appartment. Cosy and convenient for couples or friends willing to enjoy a charming stay in Paris	Newly renovated, fully furnished appartment, great area, many convenient stores and restaurants (famous cook CONSTANT 2min from apt) bright and quiet, with cooking facilties, cable TV, and internet. Beautiful charming 1 bedroom appartment. Cosy and convenient for couples or friends willing to enjoy a charming stay in Paris You can access and use all you want or need You can interact with me in French or English anytime during your stay In the heart of Paris VII, 100 meters from rue Saint Dominique and rue de Grenelle which both have convenient stores ( even late at night rue de Grenelle) You will have the opportunity to eat at a famous french Chef (chef CONSTANT) who owns 3 restaurants 150 meters from the appartment. French Cuisine for any Budget (from 16 Euro to much more...) 400 meters from the eiffel towers and very close to Invalides. The main line nearby is line 8, stop Ecole Militaire, which takes you to any famous locations easily. You also have the bus 92, 100 meters from the a
3002	In the prestigious 7th district of Paris, near the Eiffel Tower, this cosy apartment, fully equipped and recently refurbished is steps away from all the local amenities. The apartment is located on the ground floor, in a quiet courtyard. It's made up of two floors: the living room, kitchen and bathroom on the ground floor and the bedroom on the basement floor. LIVING ROOM: A comfy sofa-bed, satellite TV with 140 channels, two desks, chairs and 1 comfy armchair. FREE high speed WiFi available throughout the whole flat. The sofa is convertible so it can accommodate one person (with a real mattress). KITCHEN :  Open kitchen connected to the living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and has all the appliances you would expect in a contemporary apartment, ideal for preparing your own meals. 2 zone electric hob, microwave, Nespresso machine with FREE cups for your stay, mini-oven, fridge and even a washing machine. You can use the washing machine FREE of charge. BATHROOM & TOILET :  The bat	A newly refurbished Parisian appartement, located 200 meters from the Eiffel Tower, in the prestigious 7th district. This cosy and quiet flat is perfect for 2 persons (can accommodate up to 3). • Eiffel Tower: 5' walk  • Subway and bus: 3' walk In the prestigious 7th district of Paris, near the Eiffel Tower, this cosy apartment, fully equipped and recently refurbished is steps away from all the local amenities. The apartment is located on the ground floor, in a quiet courtyard. It's made up of two floors: the living room, kitchen and bathroom on the ground floor and the bedroom on the basement floor. LIVING ROOM: A comfy sofa-bed, satellite TV with 140 channels, two desks, chairs and 1 comfy armchair. FREE high speed WiFi available throughout the whole flat. The sofa is convertible so it can accommodate one person (with a real mattress). KITCHEN :  Open kitchen connected to the living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and has all the appliances you would expect in a contemporary apar
3003	An authentic Parisian apartment, full of character, with high ceilings and wooden parquet floors, on the first floor of a typical classical, Parisian residential building.	A cosy 2BD apartment in the very heart of Paris, within minutes walk of the Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay & Jardin des Tuileries (to name but a few sights) on Rue du Bac, comprising one double bed and two single bunk beds (to suit 2 to 4 sharing). An authentic Parisian apartment, full of character, with high ceilings and wooden parquet floors, on the first floor of a typical classical, Parisian residential building. Guests rent the entire apartment. This cosy apartment is steps away from the Seine River and is located in the heart of Paris in the middle of “Le carre des Antiquaires”. The neighbourhood is home to the city's intellectual and artistic vibe and includes some of the most surprising galleries and cafés of Saint Germain. Some of the highlights are the Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Jardin de Luxembourg, Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and several hidden gardens scattered around.    You may choose to people-watch over breakfast at the Bistrot de Paris, enjoy an afternoon sipping
3004		5ème étge, tour Eiffel vue du balcon, ascenseur, complètement rénové, petit nid très agréable près de tout (transports, commerces). A deux pas du champ de mars, un appartement d'exception tout équipé (fibre optique, cuisine de qualité, TV, Hifi, etc)
3005	A nice apartment in the most beautiful part of the VII th arrondissement of Paris. The Eiffel tower is at the window and the Seine banks' are at your door, the best views of Paris are yours. You would like a little bit more culture ? No worries, the Quai Braly museum is near by.  The interior decoration chic and sobre helps a lot to feel home in the most coveted area of Paris. It won't be possible for you not to spend a night looking at the Eiffel tower threw the window sitting on a sofa in the in the doble living room.  This apartment has 3 bedrooms, perfect for a stay with friends or family. The master bedroom's bed is 140x200 cm, and in the two other bedrooms, beds are 160x200 cm. This apartment has been designed for 3 to 6 persons, furthermore those persons will have a very comfortable stay thanks to the 2 bathrooms. The bigger one has a bathtub, a shower and a dressing room the second one, a bit smaller, has a larger shower.  In the dinning room, at dinner time, people will talk a	An outstanding apartment of 200m2 in the most beautiful part of the VII th arrondissement of Paris. The Eiffel tower is at the window and the Seine banks' are at your door, the best views of Paris are yours. A nice apartment in the most beautiful part of the VII th arrondissement of Paris. The Eiffel tower is at the window and the Seine banks' are at your door, the best views of Paris are yours. You would like a little bit more culture ? No worries, the Quai Braly museum is near by.  The interior decoration chic and sobre helps a lot to feel home in the most coveted area of Paris. It won't be possible for you not to spend a night looking at the Eiffel tower threw the window sitting on a sofa in the in the doble living room.  This apartment has 3 bedrooms, perfect for a stay with friends or family. The master bedroom's bed is 140x200 cm, and in the two other bedrooms, beds are 160x200 cm. This apartment has been designed for 3 to 6 persons, furthermore those persons will have a very com
3006	Petite entrée distribuant toutes les pièces, un salon de 30 m² avec canapé lit confortable et 2 grandes fenêtre sur la rue du Bac, table pour déjeuner à 6 personnes, cuisine ouverte avec un grand comptoir, table de cuisson, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière Nespresso..., bureau. Chambre avec un grand lit de 160x200, salle de bains attenante et toilettes séparées. Le canapé lit du salon peut être utilisé pour dormir à 2 personnes, le couchage est de 140x190, cette pièce est complètement isolée quand la porte est fermée.	Joli appartement de 50 m² au 4ème étage d'un ancien hôtel particulier donnant sur la rue du Bac, calme et ensoleillé. Ce quartier très tranquille proche de St Germain et à 2 pas du Bon Marché est idéal pour visiter Paris ! Petite entrée distribuant toutes les pièces, un salon de 30 m² avec canapé lit confortable et 2 grandes fenêtre sur la rue du Bac, table pour déjeuner à 6 personnes, cuisine ouverte avec un grand comptoir, table de cuisson, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière Nespresso..., bureau. Chambre avec un grand lit de 160x200, salle de bains attenante et toilettes séparées. Le canapé lit du salon peut être utilisé pour dormir à 2 personnes, le couchage est de 140x190, cette pièce est complètement isolée quand la porte est fermée. Accès à la totalité de l'appartement. Je serai présente pour remettre les clés et au moment du départ des hôtes. Je serai joignable à tout moment si besoin. Voici ce qui est très agréable (pour moi) qui aime me promener dans mon quarti
3007	The accommodation  overlooks the beautiful inner courtyard and features an ornamental fireplace and parquet flooring. The studio is open plan with the dining room, lounge and bed all together.  The sofa  can be made into a bed. The main bed is accesible by some steps that can be used as storage. Underneath there is another desk with hanging space and an iron. The studio is on the 2nd flor and there is an elevator but stairs are also available.	Spacious studio in one of the nicest districts of Paris in a beautiful building minutes away from the Orsey Museum ,the River Seine & a short walk from the Louvre Museum. Open plan living accomodation with a separete kitcken & bathroom. Wifi and lift The accommodation  overlooks the beautiful inner courtyard and features an ornamental fireplace and parquet flooring. The studio is open plan with the dining room, lounge and bed all together.  The sofa  can be made into a bed. The main bed is accesible by some steps that can be used as storage. Underneath there is another desk with hanging space and an iron. The studio is on the 2nd flor and there is an elevator but stairs are also available. The studio includes a flat-screen with cable TV and free Wi-Fi access is available. The bathroom is fitted with a shower and bath and a separete WC and has free toiletries as well as a  hair hairdryerand iron. The kitchen offers a coffee machine,  kettle, microwave and a washing machine as well as fr
3008	"We are leaving in a very nice and quiet area, near the Eiffel tour,  the american university and your president preferred restaurant in Paris. This area is very ""chic"".  It is also one of the most popular for american people leaving in Paris. English is spoken everywhere.  There are a lot of restaurants, stores and shops around. The ""boulangerie"" for morning hot bread and croissants is just in front.  We have also food markets opened until 10 pm, in our street. You can go everywhere by feet, or with city buses easily. Subway ""Ecole militaire"" is 5 min from home.  Our Appartement has been redecorated 1 year ago. It has no windows on the street, so it absolutely possible to sleep in the summer with open windows. Summer in Paris is usually cool enough and we don't need fan or AC.  We have 3 rooms, 1 master bed room and 2 with children beds. There is also a comfortable extra sofa for 2 adults in the leaving room. If necessary. Notre appartement bourgeois a été refait à neuf en 2014, décoré"	"Family apartment 3 rooms in a quiet and ""bourgeoise"" area, near the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars garden. Cafés, little stores, food market and boulangerie with hot bread and croissants for the morning just around. You will love to be there and improve the french way of life. We are leaving in a very nice and quiet area, near the Eiffel tour,  the american university and your president preferred restaurant in Paris. This area is very ""chic"".  It is also one of the most popular for american people leaving in Paris. English is spoken everywhere.  There are a lot of restaurants, stores and shops around. The ""boulangerie"" for morning hot bread and croissants is just in front.  We have also food markets opened until 10 pm, in our street. You can go everywhere by feet, or with city buses easily. Subway ""Ecole militaire"" is 5 min from home.  Our Appartement has been redecorated 1 year ago. It has no windows on the street, so it absolutely possible to sleep in the summer with open window"
3009	Large flat (more than 70sq.m - 753 sq. feet), 6th floor with elevator, very quiet and sunny with a superb view on the Eiffel tower. It is located in a sought after area with lots of shops, restaurants and a very nice quality of life (totally safe and fully parisian with few tourists in spite of being 10 minutes from Champs Elysées and Tour Eiffel).  -Big 30sq. m living room (dining area and sofas) with five windows, long balcony with a view on the Eiffel tower. One of the sofa can be transformed into a two-person bed. -Very quiet and sunny 15sq. m bedroom with a high-end king size Sofitel bed  (and also a view of the Eiffel tower) -Large kitchen with full amenities including a large fridge and a dishwasher (also with a view on the Eiffel tower...)  -Smaller (ca. 8 sq.m) bathroom, extremely clean with washing machine and dryer -Separate toilets (extremely clean) Less than ten minutes walking from Invalides, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire et Champs Elysées 7 minutes walking to the Air F	Nice, elegant and safe area (7th arrondissement - 75007). Lots of shops, restaurants, subway and buses stations. Sunny, spacious and very quiet flat. Superb view of Tour Eiffel. Large flat (more than 70sq.m - 753 sq. feet), 6th floor with elevator, very quiet and sunny with a superb view on the Eiffel tower. It is located in a sought after area with lots of shops, restaurants and a very nice quality of life (totally safe and fully parisian with few tourists in spite of being 10 minutes from Champs Elysées and Tour Eiffel).  -Big 30sq. m living room (dining area and sofas) with five windows, long balcony with a view on the Eiffel tower. One of the sofa can be transformed into a two-person bed. -Very quiet and sunny 15sq. m bedroom with a high-end king size Sofitel bed  (and also a view of the Eiffel tower) -Large kitchen with full amenities including a large fridge and a dishwasher (also with a view on the Eiffel tower...)  -Smaller (ca. 8 sq.m) bathroom, extremely clean with washing ma
3010	A classic turn of the century apartment in the heart of Paris, tastefully decorated and lovingly maintained, within walking distance of all of the City of Light's main attractions.  Parquet floors, lofty ceilings, and three fireplaces will render your stay memorable and authentic. Breakfast and washing machine included.	A spacious, beautifully authentic three bedroom apartment in central Paris. Just meters from the Eiffel Tower, the Orsay Museum, Les Invalides and the Louvre as well as some of Paris's best restaurants, cafés and bakeries. Breakfast included. A classic turn of the century apartment in the heart of Paris, tastefully decorated and lovingly maintained, within walking distance of all of the City of Light's main attractions.  Parquet floors, lofty ceilings, and three fireplaces will render your stay memorable and authentic. Breakfast and washing machine included. Access to the entire apartment. I will be delighted to give advice to all guests who desire it. In one of Paris's most chic and iconic neighborhoods, the apartment is surrounded by restaurants, bakeries, and markets. This bustling district is just around the corner from the gilded dome of Les Invalides, next to the bistros and baguettes of the rue Cler, and a five minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. The storefronts of the Champs Ely
3011	Amazing view on the Eiffel tower and Paris roofs. Champs de Mars park.	Fantastic 2 rooms apartment with balconies overlooking Paris. 1 bedroom, 1 living room (sofa can be transformed into a bed), 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with toilet.
3012	(Présentation en français plus bas) ENGLISH: It is a nice one bedroom apartment (31 square meters / 335 square feet) located on the left bank of the Seine River. The apartment includes a living-room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and a restroom (separate from the bathroom). It is very quiet. In the living-room: you will find a big television, a sofa bed for two people, a table (up&down) and several chairs. In the kitchen: you will find the sink, a fridge, an oven, ceramic hob, a microwave oven, a Nespresso coffee maker, a dishwasher and a washing machine. You will find  plates, dishes, cups, glasses and pots too (everything you need to cook and to eat). In the bedroom : you will find a queen bed for two people, sheets and an alarm clock. In the bathroom : you will find the shower (be careful, it’s a small shower), towels and a hairdryer.  The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, between the Eiffel Tower and the Hotel des Invalides. The location is one of the best in Paris. Th	Nice and newly renovated apartment on the 1st floor. One bedroom with queen bed and 1 sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. It's a fully equiped kitchen. The apartment is in a fabulous location between the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. (Présentation en français plus bas) ENGLISH: It is a nice one bedroom apartment (31 square meters / 335 square feet) located on the left bank of the Seine River. The apartment includes a living-room, a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and a restroom (separate from the bathroom). It is very quiet. In the living-room: you will find a big television, a sofa bed for two people, a table (up&down) and several chairs. In the kitchen: you will find the sink, a fridge, an oven, ceramic hob, a microwave oven, a Nespresso coffee maker, a dishwasher and a washing machine. You will find  plates, dishes, cups, glasses and pots too (everything you need to cook and to eat). In the bedroom : you will find a queen bed for two people, sheets and an alarm clock. In the
3013	"Charmant appartement de 35 m2 situé au coeur du 75007. Il se compose d'un salon, d'une chambre , une cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire! Vous y trouverez un grand lit double dans la chambre, ainsi qu'un canapé lit pour deux personnes dans le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro onde, cuit vapeur, blender,... Je cuisine beaucoup, vous trouverez tout le matériel nécessaire! Les quatre grands plus de ce logement sont: - La décoration et l'ambiance très nid d'amour et entièrement équipé - La situation géographique : proche du Champs de mars, des invalides, de la tour Eiffel, des Champs Elysées,... - Sa vie de quartier avec ses  innombrables balades, ses terrasses, et surtout le 75007 compte un grand nombre d'excellents restaurants. - le calme ! Je suis au 6 éme étage, vous n'entendrez presque pas la circulation, pas de vis à vis, pas de voisins au dessus ! Pour tout ce qui est de la vie de quartier vous trouverez un ""guidebook"" pour:"	Appartement charmant de 35 m2 au coeur du 75007 Charmant appartement de 35 m2 situé au coeur du 75007. Il se compose d'un salon, d'une chambre , une cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire! Vous y trouverez un grand lit double dans la chambre, ainsi qu'un canapé lit pour deux personnes dans le salon. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, micro onde, cuit vapeur, blender,... Je cuisine beaucoup, vous trouverez tout le matériel nécessaire! Les quatre grands plus de ce logement sont: - La décoration et l'ambiance très nid d'amour et entièrement équipé - La situation géographique : proche du Champs de mars, des invalides, de la tour Eiffel, des Champs Elysées,... - Sa vie de quartier avec ses  innombrables balades, ses terrasses, et surtout le 75007 compte un grand nombre d'excellents restaurants. - le calme ! Je suis au 6 éme étage, vous n'entendrez presque pas la circulation, pas de vis à vis, pas de voisins au dessus ! Pour tout ce qui est de la vie
3014	Welcome to your home  !! The appartment is not really huge, but enough for a great Parisian stay at bottom of Eiffel Tower!! Joli appartement très agréable situé dans la rue Amélie, tout confort, salle de bain, cuisine, 1lit double et 1canapé lit 2places + 1 matelas suplémentaire, internet.proche du metro (à coté de la Rue Cler, St Dominique, Grenelle), bars, restaurants etc..dans un des quartiers les plus beaux de Paris.  Il y a 1 grand lit double de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes) et un canapé-lit de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes) + 1 matelas supplémentaire  	In the heart of the posh 7th district of Paris, this amazing flat, recently fully renovated, is located Rue Clerc / Saint Dominique, well-known for its great & safe atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, bars & supermarkets …  Welcome to your home ! Welcome to your home  !! The appartment is not really huge, but enough for a great Parisian stay at bottom of Eiffel Tower!! Joli appartement très agréable situé dans la rue Amélie, tout confort, salle de bain, cuisine, 1lit double et 1canapé lit 2places + 1 matelas suplémentaire, internet.proche du metro (à coté de la Rue Cler, St Dominique, Grenelle), bars, restaurants etc..dans un des quartiers les plus beaux de Paris.  Il y a 1 grand lit double de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes) et un canapé-lit de 140 x 200 cm (2 personnes) + 1 matelas supplémentaire  The full flat is only for you Feel free to text or email me during your stay, for any question. Very safe area  5 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower  and  5 min from Les Invalides. I
3015	This apartment of a capacity of 90m2 is situated right in the heart of Paris between the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay at the beginning of the Latin Quarter. Endowed with two double rooms there is also possibility of transforming the sofa of the big lounge(show) into bed 2 places. The cooking(kitchen) is equipped well. The bathroom is separated from toilet. Possibility of WiFi - fi, international cable in the lounge(show) and a room(chamber). I shall be for all the questions and there on the spot when you will wish it! Then come to take advantage of Paris and the view(sight) of the balcony on the Seine tileries and far off, Montmartre. Flexible price(prize)	This apartment of a capacity of 90m2 is situated right in the heart of Paris between the Louvre and the Musée d'Orsay at the beginning of the Latin Quarter. Endowed with two double rooms there is also possibility of transforming the sofa of the big lounge(show) into bed 2 places. The cooking(kitchen) is equipped well. The bathroom is separated from toilet. Possibility of WiFi - fi, international cable in the lounge(show) and a room(chamber). I shall be for all the questions and there on the spot when you will wish it! Then come to take advantage of Paris and the view(sight) of the balcony on the Seine tileries and far off, Montmartre. Flexible price(prize)
3016	c'est un studio avec mezzanine, vous disposez donc d'un vrai coin nuit et coin jour. le canapé est néanmoins convertible et utilisable pour les personnes à mobilités réduite	c'est un studio avec mezzanine, vous disposez donc d'un vrai coin nuit et coin jour. le canapé est néanmoins convertible et utilisable pour les personnes à mobilités réduite le 7eme arrondissement est central et un des plus chic de paris vous pouvez tout visiter en marchant tour eiffel 10 minutes les invalides ( tombe de Napoleon)  5 min musee rodin 5 min musee d'Orsay 10 min Cathedrale Notre Dame   20 min 3 station de métro et un arret de bus se trouvent à proximité immédiate de l'appartement  Paris est tres bien desservi en métro c'est un quartier animé le jour et tranquille la nuit. on y trouve tous les petits commerces de quartier, de nombreux restaurants, mais pas de boite de nuit. 3 station de métro (sevre-babylone, Vanneau, Saint thomas d'aquin) un arret de bus à la porte de l'mmeuble.
3017	12 th floor  no one in front of your extraordianry terrace but a unique view all over Paris from your loft widely open to full sky   Eiffel Tower at 100 m  First row ! A place to play , to celebrate many honeymooners have enjoyed it already  Below, if you decide to go down from paradise..., you ll find the Champ  de Mars gardens, restaurants shops transports...   What else ?  Full comfort of course  ( yes there is a hairdryer !!!)  building with warden and every security Centre of Paris means many spots within walking distances plus taxi and lot of buses,  metro, Rer The lift goes to 11 floor Last floor is by stairs	12 th floor  no one in front of your extraordianry terrace but a unique view all over Paris from your loft widely open to full sky   Eiffel Tower at 100 m  First row ! A place to play , to celebrate many honeymooners have enjoyed it already  Below, if you decide to go down from paradise..., you ll find the Champ  de Mars gardens, restaurants shops transports...   What else ?  Full comfort of course  ( yes there is a hairdryer !!!)  building with warden and every security Centre of Paris means many spots within walking distances plus taxi and lot of buses,  metro, Rer The lift goes to 11 floor Last floor is by stairs
3018	Le studio comprend: une belle pièce à vivre avec salon/salle à manger (table à manger pour 4 personnes, canapé-lit pour 2) et coin nuit (avec un vrai lit en 140cm), un coin cuisine entièrement équipé (grille-pain, toaster, cafetière Nespresso, micro-ondes/grill), une salle de bain avec douche, WC et machine à laver séchante.  Linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Équipé Wifi. 	Charmant studio de 30m2, au centre de Paris, quartier St-Germain des Prés et à proximité du Louvre. Très calme, situé sur cour, bien aménagé et fonctionnel, refait à neuf. Métro lignes 4 et 12, stations St-Germain des Prés, Rue du Bac, Musée d'Orsay. Le studio comprend: une belle pièce à vivre avec salon/salle à manger (table à manger pour 4 personnes, canapé-lit pour 2) et coin nuit (avec un vrai lit en 140cm), un coin cuisine entièrement équipé (grille-pain, toaster, cafetière Nespresso, micro-ondes/grill), une salle de bain avec douche, WC et machine à laver séchante.  Linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Équipé Wifi.  Idéalement situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme à 2 pas des quais, supermarché à 150m, métro à 400m.
3019	Charme, confort et calme au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. Bienvenue dans le quartier mythique de Paris, celui des artistes, écrivains, libraires et antiquaires. Celui des nuits sans fin où les clubs de jazz, les cafés et restaurants de renom vous attendent : Flore, Lipp, Deux Magots… Et pourtant, depuis l’appartement situé en retrait de la rue, on n’entend que les mouettes, une ou deux fois par jour. Car la Seine, ses quais flâneurs et ses bouquinistes ne sont qu’à quelques pas. Passez le pont et vous voilà au Louvre, longez la Seine et surgit Notre-Dame. Et si vous préférez naviguer sur le fleuve, prenez le Batobus : la station de transport parisien en péniche n’est qu’à cinq minutes à pied, sur la gauche en sortant. Sur la droite : l’Université Paris-Descartes et le Boulevard Saint Germain. Bus, métro, taxis y desservent rapidement tout Paris : ce quartier en est le centre, rien n’est vraiment loin. Au pied de l’immeuble : un tabac-presse au vieux comptoir en bois, un épicier-trait	INCROYABLE SITUATION, Appartement charmant, idéal pour 2 personnes en plein cœur de St Germain des Prés, dans le centre de Paris. Proche Seine, Louvre, Notre-Dame. Confortable et calme. Un authentique appartement parisien où on se sent chez soi. Charme, confort et calme au cœur de Saint Germain des Prés. Bienvenue dans le quartier mythique de Paris, celui des artistes, écrivains, libraires et antiquaires. Celui des nuits sans fin où les clubs de jazz, les cafés et restaurants de renom vous attendent : Flore, Lipp, Deux Magots… Et pourtant, depuis l’appartement situé en retrait de la rue, on n’entend que les mouettes, une ou deux fois par jour. Car la Seine, ses quais flâneurs et ses bouquinistes ne sont qu’à quelques pas. Passez le pont et vous voilà au Louvre, longez la Seine et surgit Notre-Dame. Et si vous préférez naviguer sur le fleuve, prenez le Batobus : la station de transport parisien en péniche n’est qu’à cinq minutes à pied, sur la gauche en sortant. Sur la droite : l’Univer
3020	Le studio est vraiment un pied à terre pour visiter la capitale. Vous avez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour séjourner à Paris!	Studio (4 personnes) ou F2 (6 personnes) spécialement aménagée pour recevoir des personnes de passages à paris qui veulent visiter la capitale. Proche de la tour Eiffel dans un quartier touristique, vous avez tout pour profiter de votre séjour! Le studio est vraiment un pied à terre pour visiter la capitale. Vous avez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour séjourner à Paris! Vous avez accès au wifi et à un logement qui est correct pour se retrouver entre amis(es) pour visiter la capitale. Continuellement, je réponds aux messages que je reçois. quartier touristique et agréable. Important de respecter le voisinage. métro ligne 8. Vous avez au moins 5 étages à monter
3021	"Everything has been thought in this studio to make your stay enjoyable. Good murphy bed, double glazing, kitchenette . It is located on the first (easy) floor of a very safe and beautiful ""bourgeois"" building. From ths adress you'll love walking around to Saint Germain des Prés and Quartier Latin,and Notre Dame, or if you are a bit lasy take the metro, thanks to the 2 stations nearby. I'll be delighted to welcome you"	"Everything has been thought in this studio to make your stay enjoyable. Good murphy bed, double glazing, kitchenette . It is located on the first (easy) floor of a very safe and beautiful ""bourgeois"" building. From ths adress you'll love walking around to Saint Germain des Prés and Quartier Latin,and Notre Dame, or if you are a bit lasy take the metro, thanks to the 2 stations nearby. I'll be delighted to welcome you Train station: rue du Bac or Saint Germain des prés"
3022	This apartement has two good size bedrooms. The master bedroom has its own shower and basin but there is also a separate bathroom with its own basin, shower and a W.C. There is a large sitting room  with one of the sofas that is a sofabed. Off the sitting room, is a large open fully equipped kitchen. It is well furnished with some antiques. Very unusual for Paris, it has a lovely private access, with a beautiful mural painting and that is where the second WC is located. It is not overlooking the street so there is no noise at night.  This apartement in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres is so close to museums, the river Seine, good restaurants and shops.  So close to it all, could you be anywhere else?   It is in a 17th century building. Free internet, free telephone calls to the US and Europe but charged to Australia and the rest of the world!! Nearest metros are: Sèvres-Babylone or Saint-Germain des prés. 	This apt has 2 bedrooms, one has its own shower and basin. Also is a separate shower room with basin, shower and toilets. In the sitting room one of the sofas is a sofabed so 6 guests maximum. This apartement has two good size bedrooms. The master bedroom has its own shower and basin but there is also a separate bathroom with its own basin, shower and a W.C. There is a large sitting room  with one of the sofas that is a sofabed. Off the sitting room, is a large open fully equipped kitchen. It is well furnished with some antiques. Very unusual for Paris, it has a lovely private access, with a beautiful mural painting and that is where the second WC is located. It is not overlooking the street so there is no noise at night.  This apartement in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Pres is so close to museums, the river Seine, good restaurants and shops.  So close to it all, could you be anywhere else?   It is in a 17th century building. Free internet, free telephone calls to the US and Europe b
3023	L'appartement est entièrement équipé, (à l'exception d'un lave vaisselle...) vous pourrez y vivre comme chez vous. Le lit sera fait à l'arrivée, du linge de toilette sera à voter disposition. Nous ne préparerons pas votre petit déjeuner. Néanmoins vous trouverez sur place les produits de base (café, thé, beurre, céréales...) qui vous permettront de le préparer tranquillement. 	Clair et fonctionnel, l'appart est parfait pour un couple et dispose également d'un canapé lit confortable et d'un lit bébé. Très bien desservi mais parking très difficile. A proximité : musée Orsay, Louvre, Luxembourg, St Germain des Prés, Paris ! L'appartement est entièrement équipé, (à l'exception d'un lave vaisselle...) vous pourrez y vivre comme chez vous. Le lit sera fait à l'arrivée, du linge de toilette sera à voter disposition. Nous ne préparerons pas votre petit déjeuner. Néanmoins vous trouverez sur place les produits de base (café, thé, beurre, céréales...) qui vous permettront de le préparer tranquillement. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Nous serons toujours disponibles pour toute aide dont vous auriez besoin l'appartement est au coeur du carré des antiquaires. C'est un quartier calme, mais d'où on peut aller dans tout Paris à pied, à vélo, en bus, en bateau... en métro aussi bien sur.  il y a un certain nombre de petits magasins d'alimentation à immédiate
3024	"Welcome in our amazing and atypical 110 squaremeter Apartment in the heart of Paris. Extremely bright, It is a luxurious loft in duplex with a magnificent view on the crossroads Boulevard Saint Germain / Raspail since 10 windows! Decoration: modern and sleek, elegant, uncluttered and warm. The apartment is located at the heart of ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"", the historic district, and more timely than ever, the arts and culture in Paris. 1st floor: - A living room of 25 m2 very elegant tastefully decorated, large screen television. Overlooking the beautiful spiral staircase 17em century. - A sofa bed for two people. - A dining room of 20m2, dining table for 6 people. - A fully equipped kitchen. - A independent toilet cabinet. 2nd floor: - Large bedroom 30m2       . A King size bed 180X200 cm, luxury comfortable bedding.        . A second independent toilet cabinet.       . Breathtaking view on the crossroads Saint Germain.   - 2nd bedroom of 15m2.       . Comfortable sofa bed for two peop"	"Welcome in our luxurious and atypical loft of 110m2 in the heart of Paris with a breathtaking view from the 10 windows! 1rst floor: Living room (sofa/bed), Dining room, Kitchen & 1 toilet. 2nd floor: 2 bedrooms king size beds, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet. Welcome in our amazing and atypical 110 squaremeter Apartment in the heart of Paris. Extremely bright, It is a luxurious loft in duplex with a magnificent view on the crossroads Boulevard Saint Germain / Raspail since 10 windows! Decoration: modern and sleek, elegant, uncluttered and warm. The apartment is located at the heart of ""Saint-Germain-des-Prés"", the historic district, and more timely than ever, the arts and culture in Paris. 1st floor: - A living room of 25 m2 very elegant tastefully decorated, large screen television. Overlooking the beautiful spiral staircase 17em century. - A sofa bed for two people. - A dining room of 20m2, dining table for 6 people. - A fully equipped kitchen. - A independent toilet cabinet. 2nd floor: - Large"
3025	You will like the large living room which gives on the threes. Your only neighbor will be Napoleon. The sofa, is changing in a nice bed for 2. The dining room is equiped of a table where you can be 6.  The bedroom is equiped of a king size bed, a baby bed and also a changing table. We have all the equipment for your baby (bath-tub, deckchair...). The bathroom and the kitchen are completely equiped.	5 minutes walk from the Champ de Mars (Eiffel Tower), just in front of the Invalides Museum, this cosy flat of 64 m2 offers 1 bedroom with a king size bed + 1 baby bed and 1 sofa bed for 2 in the living-room. You will like the large living room which gives on the threes. Your only neighbor will be Napoleon. The sofa, is changing in a nice bed for 2. The dining room is equiped of a table where you can be 6.  The bedroom is equiped of a king size bed, a baby bed and also a changing table. We have all the equipment for your baby (bath-tub, deckchair...). The bathroom and the kitchen are completely equiped.
3026	Très calme et sans vis à vis	Petit appartement de charme et typique au cœur de Paris proche Tour Eiffel...très calme sur cour offrant: Cuisine aménagée, sdb, salon avec canapé lit, Télévision, internet wifi et chambre séparée avec lit double neuf de grande qualité...    Proches tout commerces et restaurants... Bien être assuré Très calme et sans vis à vis Tv, internet Quartier très sympathique et typiquement Parisien... Entourer de restaurants très sympas, d'une rue commerçante et calme aux pieds de la Tour Eiffel.... Bus 80 Porte de Versailles à Mairie du 18ème ( permet un accès direct et sympathique dans les endroits incontournables de Paris à savoir Gare St Lazare, magasins Printemps Haussman et Galeries Lafayettes, Pigalle...)  Bus 92 (permettant un accès direct et sympathique à l'arc de Triomphe ainsi qu' à la Gare Montparnasse rapide... ) Stations de Taxi à proximité.
3027	APARTMENT  92 Sqm  , very quiet ,very bright  ,2  floor  with  Lift . An entrance  , a large living with an open kitchen in dining room, 2  bedrooms  : one bed  1,80 m  , one  bed  1,40 m,  one luxurious  bathroom  with bath tube  and  wc ,one  shower  room  with shower . A  WC  separate . Tout confort  , wash dishes ,wash machine with dryer ,  TV . Wifi , discplayer …	APARTMENT  92 Sqm  , very quiet ,very bright  ,2  floor  with  Lift . An entrance  , a large living with an open kitchen in dining room, 2  bedrooms  : one bed  1,80 m  , one  bed  1,40 m,  one luxurious  bathroom  with bath tube  and  wc ,one  shower  room  with shower . A  WC  separate . Tout confort  , wash dishes ,wash machine with dryer ,  TV . Wifi , discplayer …
3028	Charmant studio lumineux au dernier étage, très calme, avec une pièce principale, une cuisine et une salle de bain. Vrai bon lit 2 places (140x190). Parfait pour un séjour romantique, culturel ou shopping à Paris. Situé dans une rue animée à quelques pas de la Tour Eiffel, avec de nombreux commerces, restaurants, boutiques, librairie et boulangeries.  	Nice and cozy one bedroom located  in the heart of the very « chic » 7th district, in a nice and typical parisian street with a view on the Eiffel Tower all along. Situated on the top floor (7th) with an elevator, the apartment is ideal for a couple. It includes a fast internet connection with wifi, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a kitchen with a washing machine. Large selection of restaurants nearby, many bakeries, and parisian bistrots all around. The apartment is 3 minutes walk from the lovely rue Cler pedestrian market street, 2 minutes from the Invalides, close to the lovely « Berges de Seine », the Champs Elysees and the Eiffel tower, which you can see from the corridor, just in front of the door. Metro :  Ligne 8 : Tour-Maubourg  Ligne 13 : Invalides Bus 28 : Tour-Maubourg /Saint-Dominique RER C : Invalides
3029	BEFORE ANY BOOKING, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BELOW! UNFORTUNATELY, WE DON'T ACCEPT LATE CHECK-IN AFTER 7:00 PM! If you think to arrive after this time, PLEASE DON'T BOOK OUR STUDIO! During the holidays, we'll answer within 24 hours. Thank you for your understanding! Splendid  and very comfortable small studio (12 yr²) located in a MAGNIFICENT Hausmannian building in front of the Invalides (7th Arrondissement). This apartment has been completely redesigned and recently renovated by one of the most famous Parisian architects.  Fully furnished, beautiful walk-in shower. Quality materials. Outside toilet on the landing.  Fully equipped kitchen, induction stove, high energy efficient refrigerator with freezer unit... Single bunk bed with ladder. LOOK OUT! Pictures are misleading and may believe there is a double bed in the room. Refined and discreet decoration.  High-speed optical fiber Internet connection. Hundreds of TV channels including many international (English, Spanish, Chinese, German	Boasting a strategic location in Paris, in the front of The National Residence of the Invalids (75007), this pretty small studio offers you a very comfortable guest place in the French capital. Unbeatable price/quality/location in Paris! BEFORE ANY BOOKING, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BELOW! UNFORTUNATELY, WE DON'T ACCEPT LATE CHECK-IN AFTER 7:00 PM! If you think to arrive after this time, PLEASE DON'T BOOK OUR STUDIO! During the holidays, we'll answer within 24 hours. Thank you for your understanding! Splendid  and very comfortable small studio (12 yr²) located in a MAGNIFICENT Hausmannian building in front of the Invalides (7th Arrondissement). This apartment has been completely redesigned and recently renovated by one of the most famous Parisian architects.  Fully furnished, beautiful walk-in shower. Quality materials. Outside toilet on the landing.  Fully equipped kitchen, induction stove, high energy efficient refrigerator with freezer unit... Single bunk bed with ladder. LOOK OUT! Pict
3030	"A View!  And gorgeous light into the windows!  And super fast WIFI!! 35m2 apartment in 7eme with view to Eiffel Tower and Hotel des Invalids, from top floor of 6 floor walk up - south facing, with 4 windows on Champs de Mars.  NOTE: This is a walk up, i.e. 100 steps up to reach this top floor apartment in an older building with an apartment that reflects that older feel. Authentic ""Paris"" atmosphere - everything from a market or antique, no modern IKEA kitchens or modern strip lighting here.   Kitchenette with small stove and burner, fridge / freezer, and washing machine.  Circular table in kitchen to use to eat at or work at set in front of one of the four windows.  WIFI wide bandwidth & super fast. Single bed with trundle bed that pulls out and up, so you can sleep in a queen by pushing together, or 2xsingle by pushing apart.  The living area is separated by the kitchen/dining area by an arch.   The whole apartment looks out onto Champs de Mars, the park that is before the Eiffel Tow"	"Top floor old style apartment overlooking Eiffel tower with four south facing sash windows offering beautiful light.  6th floor walk up so good exercise and great value.  Location location location.   Prefer longer stays of 3 months plus. A View!  And gorgeous light into the windows!  And super fast WIFI!! 35m2 apartment in 7eme with view to Eiffel Tower and Hotel des Invalids, from top floor of 6 floor walk up - south facing, with 4 windows on Champs de Mars.  NOTE: This is a walk up, i.e. 100 steps up to reach this top floor apartment in an older building with an apartment that reflects that older feel. Authentic ""Paris"" atmosphere - everything from a market or antique, no modern IKEA kitchens or modern strip lighting here.   Kitchenette with small stove and burner, fridge / freezer, and washing machine.  Circular table in kitchen to use to eat at or work at set in front of one of the four windows.  WIFI wide bandwidth & super fast. Single bed with trundle bed that pulls out and up, "
3031	"Charming studio at the foot of the Eiffel Tower in a classical neighborhood center in two steps from the Rue St. Dominique and its many shops, cafes and boulangeries.The studio is contemporary in a Haussmann style building, it has its own entrance with easy access to Ground floor has wifi, a Nespresso machine, excellent bedding and a nice shower. You have an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower out of the building and can be accessed in less than 5 minutes because you are in front of the Champ de Mars; You will find all necessary shops rue Saint Dominique supermarkets, post office, pharmacies, coffee shop many bus lines (phone number hidden), underground ""military school"" RER ""Pont de l'Alma"" are 200 meters from the apartment. The location of this studio is exceptional as central and well served by public transport the green and quiet environment make it an unforgettable base. "	"Charming studio at the foot of the Eiffel Tower in a classical neighborhood center in two steps from the Rue St. Dominique and its many shops, cafes and boulangeries.The studio is contemporary in a Haussmann style building, it has its own entrance with easy access to Ground floor has wifi, a Nespresso machine, excellent bedding and a nice shower. You have an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower out of the building and can be accessed in less than 5 minutes because you are in front of the Champ de Mars; You will find all necessary shops rue Saint Dominique supermarkets, post office, pharmacies, coffee shop many bus lines (phone number hidden), underground ""military school"" RER ""Pont de l'Alma"" are 200 meters from the apartment. The location of this studio is exceptional as central and well served by public transport the green and quiet environment make it an unforgettable base. "
3032	This is a charming 60 sqm (645 sqf) apartment facing a courtyard, in a beautiful 19th century Parisian building complex with tasteful decoration. In the heart of prestigious 7th disctric, 10 minutes walking from both Eiffel Tower and Invalides sites. La Seine with a cruise boat station is also nearby. On the ground floor, it faces onto a quiet courtyard, and has one double bedroom with closet. A little house style appartement, as no property is above it. It also enjoys a spacious living room with a sofa bed, and kitchen dining room. Bathroom, spacious closet and WC underground, taking stairs. It is well equipped, with washing machine, oven, fridge, coffe machine, wireless internet, etc. The apartment has a contemporary decoration and there is efficient heating system. Clean towels and bed linen are included. Shops, fine restaurants & a street market (in the Rue Cler) are nearby. Metro, bus, airport bus, and bicycle hire are all within a 5 minute walk. A quiet and charming experience in	Eiffel Tower Les Invalides Charming Contemporain Deco 1 Bedroom 4 guests Central Paris This is a charming 60 sqm (645 sqf) apartment facing a courtyard, in a beautiful 19th century Parisian building complex with tasteful decoration. In the heart of prestigious 7th disctric, 10 minutes walking from both Eiffel Tower and Invalides sites. La Seine with a cruise boat station is also nearby. On the ground floor, it faces onto a quiet courtyard, and has one double bedroom with closet. A little house style appartement, as no property is above it. It also enjoys a spacious living room with a sofa bed, and kitchen dining room. Bathroom, spacious closet and WC underground, taking stairs. It is well equipped, with washing machine, oven, fridge, coffe machine, wireless internet, etc. The apartment has a contemporary decoration and there is efficient heating system. Clean towels and bed linen are included. Shops, fine restaurants & a street market (in the Rue Cler) are nearby. Metro, bus, airport b
3033	the apartment is located in an 18th century building just one block from the Seine.  The building has recently undergone major renovation to the exterior facade.  The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (two flights up) of the building.  There is no elevator.	This ideal location is within walking distance from the Musée d'Orsay, the Louvre and St. Germain des Près. Apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 18th century building the apartment is located in an 18th century building just one block from the Seine.  The building has recently undergone major renovation to the exterior facade.  The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (two flights up) of the building.  There is no elevator. Guests have full access to the apartment including nespresso coffee machine, washer/dryer, dishwasher, ipod dock, wifi and macbook computer. Someone will be there to greet you, show you how everything works and give you the keys upon arrival.   the neighborhood is full of high end antique dealers and art galleries so window shopping is always a treat.  Located just across the river from the Louvre. located within easy walking distance of metro stops St. Germain des Pres or rue de Bac.  RER C stop Musee D'Orsay is just down the street
3034	My apartment is located in the amazing neighbourhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Prés, right near the Luxembourg Gardens and Odéon.  With its wooden beams and its view over the roofs it really sets a parisian atmosphere. It is extremely bright because it's on the top floor with a very nice view over the roofs. It has all mod cons and is perfect for a couple. There are many restaurants, cafés, bars and movie theatres right by, and it's also a great location if you want to do some shopping. Although the street itself is pretty quiet so you won't be disturbed at night. So many major tourist attractions are at walking distance: Louvre 10 minutes ; Orsay Museum 10 minutes ; Eiffel Tower 25 minutes ; Luxembourg 5 minutes ; Pantheon 10 minutes ; Invalides 10 minutes ; Notre-Dame 15 minutes ... If you don't want to walk you have many metro and bus lines running in the neighbourhood so it's really easy to get anywhere in the city. My studio has also the nicest terrace, perfect if you want to go out fo	My charming apartment in the heart of the latin quarter sets you in the most parisian atmosphere with its wooden beams & its view over the roofs from the terrace where you'll have brunch in the sun & drinks in the evening looking at the Eiffel Tower My apartment is located in the amazing neighbourhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Prés, right near the Luxembourg Gardens and Odéon.  With its wooden beams and its view over the roofs it really sets a parisian atmosphere. It is extremely bright because it's on the top floor with a very nice view over the roofs. It has all mod cons and is perfect for a couple. There are many restaurants, cafés, bars and movie theatres right by, and it's also a great location if you want to do some shopping. Although the street itself is pretty quiet so you won't be disturbed at night. So many major tourist attractions are at walking distance: Louvre 10 minutes ; Orsay Museum 10 minutes ; Eiffel Tower 25 minutes ; Luxembourg 5 minutes ; Pantheon 10 minutes ; Invalide
3035	Beautiful and well-furnished apartment of 50m2 located on the 3th and floor, falling on a private courtyard. Rue saint Dominique lies between several pleasant places : Champs de mars, Tour Eiffel, Invalides and Saint Germain des Prés (15 minutes' walk) - and is well connected by bus (92 to Champs Elysées) subways (line 8) and Rer C. The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries -is central, prestigious and wealthy. In rue Saint Dominique there are famous restaurants: la fontaine de mars and Christian Constant restaurants! Apart from the excellent geographical situation, the apartment has a bedroom, a bathroom with shower, kitchen (dishwasher, oven, washing machine) and lounge (TV, wifi). It is also equipped with linens, bedding, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The apartment has been completely renovated. Perfect location for a cosy stay in Paris ! 	Beautiful apartment of 50 m2 located on the 3rd floor, overlooking courtyard. Beautiful and well-furnished apartment of 50m2 located on the 3th and floor, falling on a private courtyard. Rue saint Dominique lies between several pleasant places : Champs de mars, Tour Eiffel, Invalides and Saint Germain des Prés (15 minutes' walk) - and is well connected by bus (92 to Champs Elysées) subways (line 8) and Rer C. The 7th arrondissement - district of embassies and ministries -is central, prestigious and wealthy. In rue Saint Dominique there are famous restaurants: la fontaine de mars and Christian Constant restaurants! Apart from the excellent geographical situation, the apartment has a bedroom, a bathroom with shower, kitchen (dishwasher, oven, washing machine) and lounge (TV, wifi). It is also equipped with linens, bedding, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The apartment has been completely renovated. Perfect location for a cosy stay in Paris ! The 7 th arrondissement -Quartier embass
3036	3 belles chambres, cuisine à l'américaine et grande pièce à vivre avec un balcon vu sur jardin. Deux salles de bain, dont une incluse dans une chambre. Très calme et quartier résidentiel.	7th Arrondissement, residential and peaceful neighborhood close from Effeil Tower, Invalid and UNESCO 3BR, 2 bathrooms, 1 modern kitchen open on a large and luminous living room 3 belles chambres, cuisine à l'américaine et grande pièce à vivre avec un balcon vu sur jardin. Deux salles de bain, dont une incluse dans une chambre. Très calme et quartier résidentiel. - Free wifi and internet codes, - Bed sheets,  - Towels - ... Quartier calme et agréable, résidentiel, avec de nombreux espaces verts. Proche de l'Unesco, des Invalides, de l'Ecole Militaire et du Champs de Mars/Tour Effeil. Un marché en bas de l'immeuble tous les jeudis et samedis matins. Métro le plus proche : M Ségur, ligne 10 Bus : 28 et 87 à 15 min en bus de la gare Montparnasse
3037	Refait entièrement à neuf, cet appartement typiquement parisien est un lieu idéal pour découvrir la ville.  A 5 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, il se situe dans un quartier animé avec de nombreux restaurants et commerces ouverts tard le soir et le week end. cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte sur le séjour et salle de bain neuve (douche italienne), chambre avec lit confort hôtel, canapé lit dans le séjour (2 places) à noter que l'ascenseur est petit mais une valise normale entre sans problème je serai là pour vous accueillir, vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier et vous pourrez me joindre à tout moment lors de votre séjour Le métro école militaire (ligne 8) et 4 lignes de bus en dessous (le 28, le 80, le 87 et le 92) vous permettent d'aller facilement et rapidement dans tout Paris	cet appartement typiquement parisien, calme et très clair, refait à neuf à vous permettra de passer un séjour agréable au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant, à proximité de nombreux monuments et musée, et très bien desservi par bus et métro Refait entièrement à neuf, cet appartement typiquement parisien est un lieu idéal pour découvrir la ville.  A 5 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, il se situe dans un quartier animé avec de nombreux restaurants et commerces ouverts tard le soir et le week end. cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte sur le séjour et salle de bain neuve (douche italienne), chambre avec lit confort hôtel, canapé lit dans le séjour (2 places) à noter que l'ascenseur est petit mais une valise normale entre sans problème je serai là pour vous accueillir, vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier et vous pourrez me joindre à tout moment lors de votre séjour Le métro école militaire (ligne 8) et 4 lignes de bus en dessous (le 28, le 80, le 87 et le 92) vous permettent d'aller
3038	Amazing 12m2, apartment in the Heart of Paris: Invalides. Fully renovated, technology Equipment. Cosy, Convenient, and ideally located: your dream place in Paris!	Amazing 12m2, apartment in the Heart of Paris: Invalides. Fully renovated, technology Equipment. Cosy, Convenient, and ideally located: your dream place in Paris! Minutes away from: Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Invalides, Bank, Cinéma, Restaurant... Amazing 12m2, apartment in the Heart of Paris: Invalides. Fully renovated, technology Equipment. Cosy, Convenient, and ideally located: your dream place in Paris! Acces to micro waves, to internet, to a lift, heating, heating platen clean sheets and duvets. We make all the thing as possible to improve your trip in Paris. We know Paris by heart so we can give you advices to visit Paris. With Bus 82 92 87, subway line 10 and 13 and trainstation Monptarnasse. 
3039	This offer gives you the opportunity to stay in a unique and prestigious 200m ² apartment located in a late nineteenth century  high standing building. Two beautiful reception rooms and one-bedroom  with stunning views directly to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars gardens without any street  between the garden and our windows.  The three other bedrooms overlook a leafy street and the fourth one  on the vast yard of the building. They were occupied by our children before they become adults. A bathroom with toilet and bath faces the bedroom on the garden. Another bathroom with bath / shower is located near the other rooms. The family and warmful kitchen is fully equipped (oven, microwave, ....) and has a large convivial table that can comfortably accommodate 8 people. The occupants of the apartment are welcome to use everything that is in the kitchen. The occupants will be welcome on the date of arrival and a maid can come to clean the house. 	This offer gives you the opportunity to stay in a unique and prestigious 200m ² apartment located in a late nineteenth century  high standing building. Two beautiful reception rooms and one-bedroom  with stunning views directly to the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars gardens without any street  between the garden and our windows.  The three other bedrooms overlook a leafy street and the fourth one  on the vast yard of the building. They were occupied by our children before they become adults. A bathroom with toilet and bath faces the bedroom on the garden. Another bathroom with bath / shower is located near the other rooms. The family and warmful kitchen is fully equipped (oven, microwave, ....) and has a large convivial table that can comfortably accommodate 8 people. The occupants of the apartment are welcome to use everything that is in the kitchen. The occupants will be welcome on the date of arrival and a maid can come to clean the house. 
3040	Paris 7th arrondissement In the heart of Saint Germain   Our apartment is situated in rue Sèvres in the 7th arrondissement at the very border with the 6th. It is located right next to the hotel Lutetia, halfway between the business center Montparnasse and the trendy and fashionable Saint-Germain des Prés. Two blocks away is the famous department store Le Bon Marché founded by Aristide Boucicault and his wife in 1852. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery, Supermarket, Open air market, Theater, Restaurant, Cafe, Club, Laundromat, Doctor, Drugstore, Hospital.	Rue Sèvres 7th arrondissement between Saint Germain des Près and Montparnasse. Up to 4 people. Living room with an open kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom and a toilette room. Washer/Dryer, WiFi, TV, phone; oven, microwave, ceramic cook top, fridge. Paris 7th arrondissement In the heart of Saint Germain   Our apartment is situated in rue Sèvres in the 7th arrondissement at the very border with the 6th. It is located right next to the hotel Lutetia, halfway between the business center Montparnasse and the trendy and fashionable Saint-Germain des Prés. Two blocks away is the famous department store Le Bon Marché founded by Aristide Boucicault and his wife in 1852. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment : Bakery, Butchery, Supermarket, Open air market, Theater, Restaurant, Cafe, Club, Laundromat, Doctor, Drugstore, Hospital. The apartment is on the fifth floor of 19th century building. The elevator arrive up to the 4th floor. It can accommodate up to 4 people.  This 40 square mete
3041	Want to enjoy your stay in Paris? This is the perfect place to stay with a very ideal location in Cambronne ( Metro Line 6) at 5mn to Montparnasse and 5mn to the very famous La motte Picquet and Ecole Militaire ( PAris 7) The description is the following : 1 bedroom ( a king size bed), 1 kitchen, 1 Bathroom, 1 main room with a superficie of 28m2, you will really enjoy your stay.The apartment is located in a very funny area with a lot of gorgeous restaurants. There is a bakery in 50m where the bread and the croissants are just EXCELLENT. The bakery is opened on SUNDAY the whole day and you can take a brunch too .also a lot of famous bakeries, fish store and cheese stores. This is a very good place to be= Come and enjoy your stay in Paris Denfert rochereau 10 mn by feet Montparnasse 5mn. By feet Châtelet 10 mn Musée du Louvre 15mn Airports Orly 20mn and Charles de Gaulle 35mn	a very nice place 10mn away from Eiffel Tower, that is a very good place to stay for a romantic stay or family stay. A very nices bakeries around and cheese factory... i can strongly recommend you this place for your trip in Paris Want to enjoy your stay in Paris? This is the perfect place to stay with a very ideal location in Cambronne ( Metro Line 6) at 5mn to Montparnasse and 5mn to the very famous La motte Picquet and Ecole Militaire ( PAris 7) The description is the following : 1 bedroom ( a king size bed), 1 kitchen, 1 Bathroom, 1 main room with a superficie of 28m2, you will really enjoy your stay.The apartment is located in a very funny area with a lot of gorgeous restaurants. There is a bakery in 50m where the bread and the croissants are just EXCELLENT. The bakery is opened on SUNDAY the whole day and you can take a brunch too .also a lot of famous bakeries, fish store and cheese stores. This is a very good place to be= Come and enjoy your stay in Paris Denfert rochereau 10 m
3042	AMENITIES: -Spacious kitchen and living area -Fully equipped kitchen and modern bathroom -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in the heart of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire (Line 8) This spacious apartment is in the beautiful 7th arrondissement in a secure, coded residential apartment building on the second floor.  On entering the apartment, immediately to your left there is the separate toilet and hand washbasin. On the right hand side, the apartment opens up into the kitchen and dining area. The kitchen is well equipped for your stay. There is a 4 plate electric stove and oven, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all the utensils, crockery and cutlery you could need for your stay. The dining table can comfortably accommodate 4 people. The apartment then moves through into the spacious living area. The living room has a large sofa that can be pulled out to create 2 single sleeping spaces for an additional 2 people if needed. This room also has a l	Large spacious apartment right next to the vibrant and popular Rue Cler in the 7th arrondissement. Benefit from this fantastic location and experience the real Paris. 65sqm, 1 Bedroom, 1 Kitchen, 1 Living Room, 1 Bathroom and Separate WC, Sleeps4 AMENITIES: -Spacious kitchen and living area -Fully equipped kitchen and modern bathroom -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in the heart of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire (Line 8) This spacious apartment is in the beautiful 7th arrondissement in a secure, coded residential apartment building on the second floor.  On entering the apartment, immediately to your left there is the separate toilet and hand washbasin. On the right hand side, the apartment opens up into the kitchen and dining area. The kitchen is well equipped for your stay. There is a 4 plate electric stove and oven, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all the utensils, crockery and cutlery you could need for your stay. The dining table can co
3043	Le luxueux appartement se trouve en une position exceptionnelle et jouît d'une vue unique.	Splendide deux-pièces avec vue époustouflante sur Tour Eiffel, très bien meublée et équipée, se trouve à coté des champs de Mars, juste en dessous de la Tour Eiffel. Très proche à touts les magasins et aux transports publics. Idéal pour un séjour inoubliable à Paris. Le luxueux appartement se trouve en une position exceptionnelle et jouît d'une vue unique. L'appartement est très proche aux gares de plusieurs bus et le métro est à 5 minutes à pied
3044		Très bel appartement en plein cœur du 7eme arrondissement  Salle de bain et cuisine hyper fonctionnelles  Vue sur Tour Eiffel
3045	This apartment is located on the 3th floor of a building without a lift. The living-room overlooks St Dominique Street which is quiet lively and busy during the day, but the bedroom gives on a quiet courtyard. You will sleep in a quiet environment. Layout This charming 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and will accommodate two people. From the entrance hallway you will enter the charming living / dining-room with sofas and a dining table for four people. You can sit by the windows and watch the comings and goings of the Rue Saint Dominique down below. You can even see the Eiffel Tower if you lean a little! The corridor then leads to a separate toilet with a sink, then to the equipped kitchen and finally to the bedroom. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom. The bedroom has two single beds 85x200 that can be put side by side to form a double bed 170x200. It also features a wardrobe. Note that you can also store your clothes in the closet of the corridor. The bathroom is adja	Come and stay in this romantic 1-bedroom apartment to rent for a couple looking for a classic French style interior, located in the nicest part of the 7th district, next to the famous pedestrian market street, Cler Street.  This apartment is located on the 3th floor of a building without a lift. The living-room overlooks St Dominique Street which is quiet lively and busy during the day, but the bedroom gives on a quiet courtyard. You will sleep in a quiet environment. Layout This charming 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and will accommodate two people. From the entrance hallway you will enter the charming living / dining-room with sofas and a dining table for four people. You can sit by the windows and watch the comings and goings of the Rue Saint Dominique down below. You can even see the Eiffel Tower if you lean a little! The corridor then leads to a separate toilet with a sink, then to the equipped kitchen and finally to the bedroom. The bathroom is accessible from the bedro
3046	Little house, 57 m2 on ground floor in quiet impass ,  1 double bed in one room, a sofa bed in living room, 2 bunk bed in small room.  small bath room, can take only 3 short showers then wait for hot water.	Vaneau- heart of the 7th arrondissement,very central, charming little house in quiet impasse,  near Invalides, Bon Marché, Musée Rodin, walking distance to the Eiffel tower and the Seine River.  Lovely shops, restaurants and Café. Public gardens. Little house, 57 m2 on ground floor in quiet impass ,  1 double bed in one room, a sofa bed in living room, 2 bunk bed in small room.  small bath room, can take only 3 short showers then wait for hot water. All With me, or with Heidee who speeks English Safe, elegante and central. Near Bon Marché, invalides, musée Rodin, the Seine river and the musée dOrsay. Waking distance from Eiffel tower 25'.  Supermarket and restaurants rue de sévre ans Babylone, lovely garden Catherine Labouré. Metro Vaneau; Saint François Xavier or Sévre Babylone Wifi works very well.
3047	FAMILY FLAT of 40Msq on the ground floor. Really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only as a luxury hotel SuitApart , and is not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal/private owner's stuff !!! New on line ,recently all renovated and remodeled...About two minuts walk to EIFFEL TOWER and two blocks from RUE CLER Parisian market street.  Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !),fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay! Clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry washer machine,equiped kitchen with refrigerator,micro-waves,coffee-maker,hair dryer,ect.. Equiped with 1 Double bed+1 comfortable Sofa bed... Apartment strictly Non smoking ! ...Paris 7eme Arrondissement,entre lA TOUR EIFFEL et Ecole Militaire...Trés bel et luxueux Appartement Familial d'une capacite de 1 a 4 personnes, a deux minute	New and totaly remodeled ...Big Flat of 40 Msq on the ground floor,No stairs to climb! Capacity from 1 to 4 persons...Ideally for families ! About 2 minuts walk to Eiffel Tower and 2 blocks from the famous and typical Parisian RUE CLER market. FAMILY FLAT of 40Msq on the ground floor. Really done,equiped and amenaged for guests rentals only as a luxury hotel SuitApart , and is not the main owner residence in which inside it you will have the surprise to find all the personal/private owner's stuff !!! New on line ,recently all renovated and remodeled...About two minuts walk to EIFFEL TOWER and two blocks from RUE CLER Parisian market street.  Free maid services (for more than 3 days stay !),fresh linen and towels are provided and included on the rate during all your stay! Clean and quiet in a very safe area...All is included in the price :free unlimited internet access and WIFI connexion,laundry washer machine,equiped kitchen with refrigerator,micro-waves,coffee-maker,hair dryer,ect.. E
3048	Very well placed, near saint Germain des Près, Invalides, Eiffel Tower. Very near from wonderfuls, between 5 and 10 minutes by foot from museums (Rodin, of Orsay, Louvres), restaurants, public garden, markets, shopping...	Apartment charming, fireplace, peace, and serenity, on raised courtyard, guard. Old people are living in this building, it is not thus desirable to make noise and parties in the evening. Very well placed, near saint Germain des Près, Invalides, Eiffel Tower. Very near from wonderfuls, between 5 and 10 minutes by foot from museums (Rodin, of Orsay, Louvres), restaurants, public garden, markets, shopping... Very near Saint Germain des Près, Sèvres Babylone, Le Bon Marché, Montparnasse, Invalides, the Eiffel Tower. The travelers have access to all the apartment, the kitchen and all its equipment, bathroom, three rooms. The WiFi. Many of the very beautiful gardens opened to the public, very quiet and resting to go to read, to sunbathe, have diner on the grass with picnic basket. Museums and cinemas, restaurants and cafes surround the district. Nearness a shopping area vey convenient, the very good cheese maker, the butcher, fruits and vegetables, etc... 2 minutes from the apartment. A litt
3049	"Dans quartier d'exception, Rue Cler, à 2 pas du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel (Métro Ecole militaire) !  Situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien, charmant T3 de 55 m² offrant salon avec cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (Four, Micro onde, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur), 2 belles chambres avec lits doubles, Sdb en très bon état, toilettes séparées avec point d'eau. Prestations : TV, Wifi. Non fumeur.  Environnement privilégié : rue piétonne pavée typiquement parisienne, bars et restaurants à proximité, ""marché permanent"" dans la rue avec primeurs, fromager, boucher, fleuriste..."	"Idéalement situé, dans une rue piétonne animée, à proximité du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, appartement T3 de 55 m² pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Dans quartier d'exception, Rue Cler, à 2 pas du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel (Métro Ecole militaire) !  Situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien, charmant T3 de 55 m² offrant salon avec cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (Four, Micro onde, plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, congélateur), 2 belles chambres avec lits doubles, Sdb en très bon état, toilettes séparées avec point d'eau. Prestations : TV, Wifi. Non fumeur.  Environnement privilégié : rue piétonne pavée typiquement parisienne, bars et restaurants à proximité, ""marché permanent"" dans la rue avec primeurs, fromager, boucher, fleuriste... TV, Wifi, four micro onde, four traditionnel Etat des lieux d'entrée et remise des clés le matin du 1er jour de séjour. Rue piétonne située à 10 minutes à pied du Champ de Mars menant à la Tour Eiffel.  Brasseries, restaurants et commer"
3050	Bonjour !  L'appartement est idéalement situé dans le quartier de la tour Eiffel dans un immeuble de pierre de taille du début 1900. Le prestige de ces quartiers est renforcé par de larges avenues arborées et la proximité du vaste jardin public du Champ-de-Mars dominé par la Tour Eiffel. L'appartement situé au 5ème étage est très propre et bien organisé : cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave/sèche-linge, four, four micro onde, Plaques induction, hotte, Nespresso), salle de bain avec douche pluie,  WC Séparé, vrai lit 2 places et salon avec possibilité canapé convertible 2 personnes. Il y a une TV 107 cm dans le Salon et une dans la chambre. La réception de la TV s'effectue au travers de Free et de Orange. 2 Accès WIFI sont disponibles. 1 Par ADSL et un par Fibre optique.  Il y a aussi un balcon qui fait toute la longueur de l'appartement. Vous pourrez passer votre diner au soleil avec une vue sur l’hôtel des invalides.   Il y a peu de circulation avenue de Ségur, car cette courte aven	L'appartement est déservi par 3 stations de métro, et est à moins de 15 minutes des champs Elysées. De 5 du Champs de Mars (Tour Eiffeil) et 5 des Invalides.  Pour aller à l'appartement :  Depuis l'aéroport Charles-de-Gaulle, 3 options : 1- taxi : environ 30-45 minutes et 50-70€ ; 2- Roissy Bus (RATP) jusqu'à Opéra, puis métro ligne 8 jusqu'à Ecole Militaire ; puis 5-10 minutes à pied ; 4- navette Air France : descendre à Charles-de-Gaulle-Etoile puis métro ligne 1 jusqu'à Champs Elysées Clémenceau puis métro ligne 13 jusqu'à St François Xavier Depuis l'aéroport d'Orly (ORY) : 1- taxi : 30 minutes 30-50€ ; 2- navette Air France jusqu'à l'aérogare des Invalides. Puis la ligne 13 jusqu'a St François Xavier 3- Orly Bus (RATP) jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau puis métro ligne 6 jusqu'à Cambronne  puis 10 minutes a pied. Depuis la gare de Lyon : métro ligne 1 jusqu'a Champs Elysées Clémenceau  puis métro ligne 13 jusqu'à St François Xavier Depuis la gare Montparnasse : 1- Ligne 13 jusqu'a St Franç
3051		a double bed with own WC + Shower the room is 16m2 in a 150m2 Apartment The Apartment is very quit and center
3052	This apartment is really peaceful in the center of Paris, the decoration is warm and everybody will really enjoy it.	Beautiful apartment in Paris with an independent bedroom, bathroom, living-room and an American kitchen.  Located in the center of Paris, close from the Invalides and Saint Germain des prés. The apartment is also close from transports (metro, bus) This apartment is really peaceful in the center of Paris, the decoration is warm and everybody will really enjoy it. All The apartment is available I will be available at any movement of needed The apartment is close from a lot if museum ( Rodin, orsay) the famous neighborhood of Saint Germain des prés is at 10 minutes walking and the Invalides is at 5 minutes walking and also close from shopping subway (6,10,13) bus (phone number hidden)) city bicycle in the street
3053	This apartment of 80 ㎡ is on the 5th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:4 single beds(90X190).	80m2 of apartment with 1 bath and 2WC, sleeps up to 4.  Beautifully renovated and fully furnished apartment of 80 m2 in 7th arrondissement, the apartment is located near the Saint Germain des pres church and the museum Orsay. This apartment of 80 ㎡ is on the 5th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:4 single beds(90X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 2 semi-double beds with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(unlimited usage in france&some international calls), vacuum cleaner, shopping cart
3054	Studio douillet idéal pour un couple.	Studio douillet idéal pour un couple. Le studio est pourvue d'une salle de bains avec baignoire utilisable, une cuisine équipée avec machines à dosettes, plaques de cuisson et four à micro-ondes. Internet avec wi-fi et TV. Les clés seront remises en mains propres si possible. Une laverie est située juste en bas de l'appartement en sortant. De nombreux commerces et restaurants sont situés aux alentours dont une petite surface ouverte jusque 23h. Deux lignes de métro très proches du logement: Ligne 13: Invalides Ligne 8: La Tour-Maubourg Il est possible de se garer dans le quartier.
3055	A 5 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower away, your will feel like a real Parisienne every day!  With the rooms facing west and windows in every room, it is a very bright & quiet apartment. The interior is elegant & always spot on clean. You are within walking distance of Tour Eiffel, Champs Élysée, Parc champs de Mars, Hotel Invalides, Trocadero, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Palais de Tokyo.  Furthermore you are within walking distance of many cafes, bars , restaurants, bookstores and shops in the 7th district , which is known as the most wealthy district of Paris.  Close to many subway lines ( 6, 8 & 10) that will take you directly to all the most beautiful placed of Paris.  Paking lot in the same street, Velib Station around the corner.  Very high standard, it is fully equiped with a refrigerator, a toaster, a coffee machine, dishwasher, waching machine , dryer, TV & hard drive with yes really ENGLISH movies, Wifi / free city and metro map & fresh sheets and towels!	Lovely bright 2 pers. apartment next to the Eiffeltower (6 minute walk).  Very central & easy metro access.  Kingside foldout bed in the living room, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, dishwasher, washing machine, hair dryer, city guides & city map Paris.
3056	The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Haussmannian building, with high ceiling mouldings, marble fireplace and period parquet floors. It consists in a large living room, a separated eat-in kitchen (up to 6 people), and three bedrooms:  One bedroom with king size bed (160 cm), one bedroom with a single bed (90cm) extensible to a double bed (180cm) and one bedroom with 2 bunk beds (90cm).  One bathroom (bath tub) and a separate toilet. Fully equipped with internet and wifi and cable TV.  Washing machine and dryer. 	To rent this summer in the best location in Paris The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Haussmannian building. It consists in a large living room, a separated eat-in kitchen (up to 6 people), and three bedrooms (110m2). The apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Haussmannian building, with high ceiling mouldings, marble fireplace and period parquet floors. It consists in a large living room, a separated eat-in kitchen (up to 6 people), and three bedrooms:  One bedroom with king size bed (160 cm), one bedroom with a single bed (90cm) extensible to a double bed (180cm) and one bedroom with 2 bunk beds (90cm).  One bathroom (bath tub) and a separate toilet. Fully equipped with internet and wifi and cable TV.  Washing machine and dryer. The appartment is in a very central location, with metro/ RER C at 2 min (Invalides or Latour-Maubourg stations). The RER C goes straight to Versailles. Cleaning fees are 80€ per rental Minimum 6 nights. You can enjoy the variou
3057	Living room 15sq.m. : parquet flooring, sofa, TV, dining room table, chairs, Bullet Double Glass, View on the green courtyard, DVD, table. Bedroom 12 sq.m. : parquet flooring, double bed 160x200, Bullet Bedside lamp, double glass, view on the green courtyard, Bullet Shelves, chest of drawers, mirror.  Bathroom :  Shower, Single wash basin, tiling, mirror. Kitchen : Bullet Coffee machine, Freezer, cooker hood, Dish washer, Fridge, Kettle, Micro wave oven, oven, Tiling, Toaster, washing machine, washer dryer, hot stone grills, raclette machine, pressure cooker, frying pan, sauce pan. Entrance : flatiron, ironing board, picnicbasket, dish towel, set of table mats, boules.	40 sq. m. furnished apartment on Rue Saint-Dominique in the Champs de Mars/Tour Eiffel district of the 7th arrondissement. One bedroom, living room, separate kitchen, bathroom with shower stall and separate toilet. The apartment is on the 2nd floor. Living room 15sq.m. : parquet flooring, sofa, TV, dining room table, chairs, Bullet Double Glass, View on the green courtyard, DVD, table. Bedroom 12 sq.m. : parquet flooring, double bed 160x200, Bullet Bedside lamp, double glass, view on the green courtyard, Bullet Shelves, chest of drawers, mirror.  Bathroom :  Shower, Single wash basin, tiling, mirror. Kitchen : Bullet Coffee machine, Freezer, cooker hood, Dish washer, Fridge, Kettle, Micro wave oven, oven, Tiling, Toaster, washing machine, washer dryer, hot stone grills, raclette machine, pressure cooker, frying pan, sauce pan. Entrance : flatiron, ironing board, picnicbasket, dish towel, set of table mats, boules. all access With its provincial charm and posh elegance, Gros Caillou qua
3058	The flat is full of light, very functional and elegant at the same time. The main piece consists of a comfortable big sofa that is easily transferable in a double-size bed (160x205), and a dining table is perfect for romantic dinner or a breakfast with the view on the beautiful pedestrian street rue Cler. There is a small sofa too, transferable in one-size bed (in the case of an additional guest). The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking plates, electric oven, fridge, coffee machine, tea kettle, and all dishes you need to cook. There is a washing machine and an ironing machine with table. Bathroom has a shower, toilets, hairdryer and towels. The apartment is completely renewed end of summer 2013. 	I am renting my beautiful apartment located in 7th arrondisement of Paris, at famous rue Cler, touching directly rue Saint-Dominique. The 7th is one of the most beautiful districts of Paris and convenient to reach le TOUR EIFFEL, les INVALIDES, le PONT ALEXANDRE III, GRAND & PETITE PALAIS, and LES CHAMPS ELYSÉES with its Christmas market opened at the moment.   The flat is full of light, very functional and elegant at the same time. The main piece consists of a comfortable big sofa that is easily transferable in a double-size bed (160x205), and a dining table is perfect for romantic dinner or a breakfast with the view on the beautiful pedestrian street rue Cler. There is a small sofa too, transferable in one-size bed (in the case of an additional guest). The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking plates, electric oven, fridge, coffee machine, tea kettle, and all dishes you need to cook. There is a washing machine and an ironing machine with table. Bathroom has a shower, toilets, hairdr
3059	There is a bed for 2 persons in the bedroom and one sofa bed in the living room. 	In a pedestrian area, you will enjoy great shops and restaurants. Every day you have a market in the street and you can find very good products like fruits and vegetables, cheeses... You will stay close to the Tour Eiffel in the center of Paris. There is a bed for 2 persons in the bedroom and one sofa bed in the living room.  It's very convinient, you have a train station at 50m (Ecole militaire), you have a lot of bus and you can find easily a cab. You will be in 15 minutes by car in a lot of magic places in Paris: Montmatre, Louvre, Pigale, Saint Germain...
3060	This lovely and quiet 2-room apartment of 35m2 is fully furnished with:  - A high quality double bed 160x200 (bought 3months ago) - Confortable living room with sofa and table - Wi-Fi -washing machine  Ideal for couples and business travellers that want everything at reach. The kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances : fridge, electric hub, microwave and all necessary things.	This lovely and quiet 2-room apartment of 35m2 is fully furnished with:  - A high quality double bed 160x200 (bought 3months ago) - Confortable living room with sofa and table - Wi-Fi -washing machine  Ideal for couples and business travellers that want everything at reach. The kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances : fridge, electric hub, microwave and all necessary things.
3061		2 separate beds in 18m2 room in 150m2 Apartment. the
3062	Studio parfaitement placé pour un séjour à Paris.	Studio de 21m² situé en rez de chaussée sur cour comprenant une entrée, une pièce à vivre avec un lit pour deux personnes en mezzanine, une salle de bain, une cuisine et un W.C séparé. Rue calme à proximité des monuments historiques de la ville. Studio parfaitement placé pour un séjour à Paris. La rue Clerc est située à deux pas du studio. Elle est piétonne et propose beaucoup de restaurants différents.
3063	Situation exceptionnelle, à quelques centaines de mètres des plus beaux endroits de Paris, ce studio tout équipé saura vous combler. Couchage très confortable (canapé-lit 160*200).Aucune perte de place, beaucoup de rangements. WC et douche dans la chambre pour une meilleure hygiène.Studio de 11m2 refait à neuf en 2012.Coin cuisine entièrement équipé + vaisselle. Vitres double-vitrage .Résidence de standing très sécurisée avec gardien. The towels and bed linen are provided!	Idéalement située dans un quartier chic et résidentiel :  Invalides, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées et quais de Seine nouvellement aménagés, studette tout équipée de 11m2 avec douche et WC Rue commercante Rue Cler est juste à coté Situation exceptionnelle, à quelques centaines de mètres des plus beaux endroits de Paris, ce studio tout équipé saura vous combler. Couchage très confortable (canapé-lit 160*200).Aucune perte de place, beaucoup de rangements. WC et douche dans la chambre pour une meilleure hygiène.Studio de 11m2 refait à neuf en 2012.Coin cuisine entièrement équipé + vaisselle. Vitres double-vitrage .Résidence de standing très sécurisée avec gardien. The towels and bed linen are provided!
3064	- 135m2 so closed from Paris Center, in a smart and calm quarter. - 4 wide rooms to host families and couples - lot of natural sunny light in this flat situated at 4th floor - newly renovated and stylishly furnished to have a comfortable stay in Paris center - possibility to rent our family car (7 seats)	135m2 family appartment located 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower, in a quiet area. 4 bedrooms, sleeping up to 7 people : 3 double beds and 1 single bed. 2 bathrooms : 1 shower and 1 bath. Sheets, towels, Nespresso machine, washing and drying machines, wifi, large TV screen. - 135m2 so closed from Paris Center, in a smart and calm quarter. - 4 wide rooms to host families and couples - lot of natural sunny light in this flat situated at 4th floor - newly renovated and stylishly furnished to have a comfortable stay in Paris center - possibility to rent our family car (7 seats) - It has fiber internet access with free wifi and HD TV with international cable channels. - We provide fresh towels, bed linens - The kitchen has all modern equipment with fridge, dishwasher, cooktop, microwave/grill and Nespresso coffee machine - washing machine and drier machine - 2 Bathroom with one bathtub . There is a hairdryer and an iron table. - Large rooms to put your clothes and personal belongings and a
3065	This is the perfect place for a few days in Paris. The apartement is very well located in the heart of Saint Germains des prés. yet, it is located in a quiet street reknow for the Antiquaire stores. The place is cosy, simply decorated with vintage furniture yet very functional with a full equiped kitchen (diswasher available). 	Cosy and functional apartment in the Heart of Saint Germain des Prés with  This is the perfect place for a few days in Paris. The apartement is very well located in the heart of Saint Germains des prés. yet, it is located in a quiet street reknow for the Antiquaire stores. The place is cosy, simply decorated with vintage furniture yet very functional with a full equiped kitchen (diswasher available). The closest subway stations are: - Rue du Bac. Line 12. 4 min walking - Saint Germain des Prés. Line 4. 10 min walking - Louvre. Line 1. 10 min walking (across the brigde) Also, the apartment is surrounded by 3 Velib stations, very useful in Paris and many buses lines I am pleased to share with you the good places to eat, have a drink or visit.  There is so much to do!
3066	The flat is not a typical one. It was previously an office being reconverted with all the confort. Equiped kitchen, small but functional bathroom. The flat is completely new, very clear, on the ground floor, located 5 mn walking to the Eiffel tower.	A 2 bedroom flat, entirely new, with a fully equiped kitchen, and a small bathroom, in a residential area, near Champs de Mars, and subway going straight to Versailles, Champs Elysées,...  Walking distance to sunday market, and all kind of shoppings The flat is not a typical one. It was previously an office being reconverted with all the confort. Equiped kitchen, small but functional bathroom. The flat is completely new, very clear, on the ground floor, located 5 mn walking to the Eiffel tower. There is one large room with 3 individual beds, and a smaller room with a single bed. There is a dining room for 4 people. There are 2 main metro stations close to the flat. Next block: groceries, restaurants, department stores.... The flat is on quiet street and the people on the building are respectful.
3067	Dupleix en plein coeur de saint Germain des près Plus de détails en échange par mail.	En plein centre de Saint-Germain, 3 pièces en duplex. Deux chambres: une adulte, une enfant, large séjour, 2 TV. Wifi. Refait à neuf. Idéal pour famille. Dupleix en plein coeur de saint Germain des près Plus de détails en échange par mail.
3068	Duplex de charme ,situé dans un jolie immeuble directoire avec de très belle partie commune,au dernier étage avec ascenseur ,calme , soleil, charme	Big three rooms in duplex situated at the heart of the square of the antique dealers in the center of Paris, 4th floor with elevator, very quiet.  Building management board, apartment with fireplace and exposed beams. it consists of two rooms, a fully-equipped kitchen, a big lounge/ dining room, two bathrooms and separate dress. The district is ideally situated, 5 minutes on foot of the mythical Saint-Germain-des-Prés, 5 minutes in feet of the garden of the Tuileries, Musée d'Orsay, Louvre, 15 minutes on foot of Notre-Dame... Starting point completes for all your visits and walks romantic as well as for your exits shopping in all the shops in the surroundings. You will have at your disposal all the conveniences: bakery, butcher's shop, scoop, cheese maker, supermarkets... As well as of multiple transport to visit the rest of the capital (Subway: Bac or Musée d'Orsay, Bus, Vélib '). I shall indulge to pass on you of good addresses if you wish. If you have questions concerning your comfo
3069	Double bed in a flat with all the amenities necessary to relax and feel like home after a busy day sightseeing. It is tastefully furnished with good quality linens. The kitchen has everything necessary to cook, and the apartment overall is very well kept with constant maintenance and renovations. The private room overlooks a courtyard and is therefore vey quiet. The shared bathroom features a great shower and separate W/C. The building is very safe, with security entry codes and a guardian. You will certainly feel like a Parisian!	Bedroom in a fantastic flat in the center of Paris, just behind the Musee d'Orsay and across the river from the Louvre museum. Located in one of the best neighborhoods of the city in a beautiful street lined with galleries, restaurants and boutiques. Double bed in a flat with all the amenities necessary to relax and feel like home after a busy day sightseeing. It is tastefully furnished with good quality linens. The kitchen has everything necessary to cook, and the apartment overall is very well kept with constant maintenance and renovations. The private room overlooks a courtyard and is therefore vey quiet. The shared bathroom features a great shower and separate W/C. The building is very safe, with security entry codes and a guardian. You will certainly feel like a Parisian! Unlimited wireless Internet  Unlimited free phone calls from the apartment to many countries  Fully equipped kitchen Washer/dryer I will meet you in person for arrival and check-out, and offer you total privacy d
3070	This chic and newly renovated one bedroom Saint-Germain des Prés apartment, located in one of the oldest and most beautiful buildings on the street with a facade that is a work of art, is steps away from the Seine. With views of a well kept garden courtyard and flooded with light, this is the pied-à-terre of your dreams with its spa tub and king size bed, luxury linens and designer furnishings. There’s plenty of custom built closet space in the bathroom and a large writing desk in the bedroom. The kitchen has high grade appliances which include refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, oven and a washer/dryer. Located on the 4th floor, the apartment can be reached either by elevator or by stairs. Unpack your bags and settle in for a luxurious stay in Paris. The apartment is located in Saint-Germain des Prés one of the most desirable areas of Paris. Within walking distance is the Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Place Saint-Germain, Café Deux Magots, Café de Flore, Kayser Bakeries, Le Bon March	This chic and newly renovated one bedroom Saint-Germain des Prés apartment, located in one of the oldest and most beautiful buildings on the street with a facade that is a work of art, is steps away from the Seine. This chic and newly renovated one bedroom Saint-Germain des Prés apartment, located in one of the oldest and most beautiful buildings on the street with a facade that is a work of art, is steps away from the Seine. With views of a well kept garden courtyard and flooded with light, this is the pied-à-terre of your dreams with its spa tub and king size bed, luxury linens and designer furnishings. There’s plenty of custom built closet space in the bathroom and a large writing desk in the bedroom. The kitchen has high grade appliances which include refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, oven and a washer/dryer. Located on the 4th floor, the apartment can be reached either by elevator or by stairs. Unpack your bags and settle in for a luxurious stay in Paris. The apartment is located
3071	Welcome in the 7th arrondissement, the most exclusive district of Paris, Saint Germain/Invalides - center for arts, design and fashion.  The neighbourhood  Situated on one of the most prestigious addresses in the very heart of the historical center of Paris, on the Left Bank, between Saint Germain and the Invalides, one of the safest districts amongst embassies, the Parliament, the Prime Ministers residence, museums and major cultural attractions. The Apartment Large and light classical Parisian 4 room apartment of the highest standard furnished with modern classics located in an 18th century building on 1st floor (called etage noble with almost 4m high ceilings!). 120m2.  2 large bedrooms. Gorgeous living room and great dining room that dines 8 people.  Modern kitchen that is fully equipped with all latest appliances, including washer/dryer and dishwasher. WIFI and TV with cable and apple TV/Netflix in living room and master bedroom.  Fireplaces (used with candles only) in living room	Large and light classical Parisian 4 room apartment of the highest standard furnished with modern classics located in an 18th century building. 2 large bedrooms. Gorgeous living room with modern classics and great dining room that dines 8 people. Welcome in the 7th arrondissement, the most exclusive district of Paris, Saint Germain/Invalides - center for arts, design and fashion.  The neighbourhood  Situated on one of the most prestigious addresses in the very heart of the historical center of Paris, on the Left Bank, between Saint Germain and the Invalides, one of the safest districts amongst embassies, the Parliament, the Prime Ministers residence, museums and major cultural attractions. The Apartment Large and light classical Parisian 4 room apartment of the highest standard furnished with modern classics located in an 18th century building on 1st floor (called etage noble with almost 4m high ceilings!). 120m2.  2 large bedrooms. Gorgeous living room and great dining room that dines
3072	The room is small (9m2) but can welcome 1 or 2 persons, with a double bed in mezzanine (with ladder).  Functional and cozy, it is perfect for people willing to visit Paris and afford a nice area.  Comfortable petite chambre au coeur de Paris, près de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars. Ideal pour une ou deux personnes souhaitant découvrir le centre de Paris et loger dans un quartier agréable à prix abordable. La chambre est fonctionelle, contient un lit double en mezzanine, avec petit bureau, un micro-onde et de quoi se préparer thé/café pour bien commencer la journée!	Very cozy little room near Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars. Ideal for 1 or 2 persons willing to discover Paris at its core. With shower and toilets. A micro-wave and tea/coffee material are available for a lovely start in the day! Free Internet. The room is small (9m2) but can welcome 1 or 2 persons, with a double bed in mezzanine (with ladder).  Functional and cozy, it is perfect for people willing to visit Paris and afford a nice area.  Comfortable petite chambre au coeur de Paris, près de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars. Ideal pour une ou deux personnes souhaitant découvrir le centre de Paris et loger dans un quartier agréable à prix abordable. La chambre est fonctionelle, contient un lit double en mezzanine, avec petit bureau, un micro-onde et de quoi se préparer thé/café pour bien commencer la journée! The room includes a small bathroom with shower, toilets and washand. Towels are available.  La chambre contient une petite salle de bain avec douche, toilettes et lavabo. Des serv
3073	Petit cocon, cet appartement lumineux situé au 4ème donne sur une cours et est donc très calme.  L'appartement se compose d'une pièce à vivre avec le canapé lit, d'une cuisine séparée, une salle de bain séparée et d'un toilette. Chacune des pièces est petite mais fonctionnelle avec l'essentiel à l'intérieur.	Mon appartement de 23m2 très bien agencé se situe à quelques pas de Montparnasse, de la Tour Eiffel et de la rue de Rennes connue pour ses nombreux magasins. Très bien agencé et très pratique, il sera le cocon idéal de vos weekend end à Paris. Petit cocon, cet appartement lumineux situé au 4ème donne sur une cours et est donc très calme.  L'appartement se compose d'une pièce à vivre avec le canapé lit, d'une cuisine séparée, une salle de bain séparée et d'un toilette. Chacune des pièces est petite mais fonctionnelle avec l'essentiel à l'intérieur. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Côté pratique, le four, le micro-onde, la machine Nespresso, le Wifi et la TV seront des alliés de ce weekend réussi. Je suis disponible pour vous donner les clés et répondre à toutes vos questions sur Paris et les environs :) Ce quartier est sûr et très pratique. A quelques pas du Bon Marché, de la rue de Rennes et de Montparnasse vous trouverez tout ce que vous souhaitez à quelques minutes à pi
3074	It is located in a very quiet building and overlooking a quiet street, so it is calm and pleasant. It is on the ground floor. The property is about 30 m2 and comprises living room/ bedroom, a big kitchen, and a bathroom. This new apartment will charm you with its cosy style, practical location and friendliness ambiance. The living room includes: A very comfortable sofa bed (140 X 200) that is very easy to open. Bed linen, duvets and pillows are provided. A crib is available on request; Another comfortable sofa for 3 persons; Free Internet access via Wi-Fi; A wardrobe with shelves for our tenants can store all their personal belongings.  A coffee table that is easily movable as each of you would require and desire; A work area with a desk. The kitchen is big and you can have meals here. All appliances are new. For your convenience, you will find: A refrigerator, an even, a toaster, a coffee machine, electric hob. You have all the necessary kitchenware: plates, glasses, cutlery, pots, pa	An ideally situated apartment, right in the heart of Paris, very close to the Eiffel Tower. Completely renovated, this lovely flat of 30 m2 offers you all the comfort and conveniences that any tourist may expect during his stay in Paris. It is located in a very quiet building and overlooking a quiet street, so it is calm and pleasant. It is on the ground floor. The property is about 30 m2 and comprises living room/ bedroom, a big kitchen, and a bathroom. This new apartment will charm you with its cosy style, practical location and friendliness ambiance. The living room includes: A very comfortable sofa bed (140 X 200) that is very easy to open. Bed linen, duvets and pillows are provided. A crib is available on request; Another comfortable sofa for 3 persons; Free Internet access via Wi-Fi; A wardrobe with shelves for our tenants can store all their personal belongings.  A coffee table that is easily movable as each of you would require and desire; A work area with a desk. The kitchen i
3075		Studio très calme, équipé de wifi, lave linge, 7ème étage avec ascenseur, toutes commodités,  à 5mn de la Tour Eiffel, à 1mn de la rue Cler très commerçante, avec de bons restaurants et bars, métro Ecole Militaire A 15mn à pieds des Champs Elysées.
3076	Le duplex est entièrement équipé : four, machine à café Tassimo, toaster, machine à laver, serviettes, draps etc... Internet : Wi-(website hidden) : Cable, Canal+, bein sports L'appartement est propre, agréable et en bon état. Son orientation sur rue lui permet d'être bien éclairé et aéré.  Au rez-de-chaussée se trouvent le séjour/ salon et la cuisine ; les 2 chambres se trouvent à l'étage ainsi que la salle de bain et les toilettes. Idéal pour un couple avec enfants, mais peut également accueillir 4 adultes 	This is a duplex (ground & 1st floor) Upstairs: 2 bedrooms, bathroom & toilet.  Downstairs: kitchen & living room with fire place. The apartment is perfect for a couple with children.  It is located in the heart of Paris, in the 7th between the Invalides & the Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tour). Le duplex est entièrement équipé : four, machine à café Tassimo, toaster, machine à laver, serviettes, draps etc... Internet : Wi-(website hidden) : Cable, Canal+, bein sports L'appartement est propre, agréable et en bon état. Son orientation sur rue lui permet d'être bien éclairé et aéré.  Au rez-de-chaussée se trouvent le séjour/ salon et la cuisine ; les 2 chambres se trouvent à l'étage ainsi que la salle de bain et les toilettes. Idéal pour un couple avec enfants, mais peut également accueillir 4 adultes Ce duplex de 3 pièces est situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans le 7ème arrondissement. Idéalement situé entre les Invalides et le Champs de Mars (Tour Eiffel)  Chaleureux et convivial, l'appartemen
3077	Beautiful Apartment in Paris This large flat is located in the heart of Paris in extremely safe neighborhood and walking distance from the Seine, Invalide and Saint Germain des Pres, full of restaurants, galleries, cafes, pubs and shopping!  The renovated, quiet, spacious bedroom is in a beautiful 75 square meter flat.  The luminous room is 30 square meters & includes:  - Queen size bed ( linens and towels included )  - Flat Screen TV ( Cable)  - Large armoir with plenty of storage space - 2 large windows with mini balconies - Office desk - Couch - Marble fire place  - WIFI & Cable - Shared bathroom with shower & washing machine - Shared WC - Large living room with couch and table - Kitchen all equipped includes: oven, hot plates, dish washer,   toaster, microwave, refrigerator, kettle, silverware  Neighborhood: 7th Arrondissement, Rive Gauche. One of the safest neighborhoods in Paris.  The 7th district includes some of the major tourist attractions of Paris, such as the Eiffel Tower, 	Beautiful Apartment in Paris This large flat is located in the heart of Paris in extremely safe neighborhood and walking distance from the Seine, Invalide and Saint Germain des Pres, full of restaurants, galleries, cafes, pubs and shopping!  Beautiful Apartment in Paris This large flat is located in the heart of Paris in extremely safe neighborhood and walking distance from the Seine, Invalide and Saint Germain des Pres, full of restaurants, galleries, cafes, pubs and shopping!  The renovated, quiet, spacious bedroom is in a beautiful 75 square meter flat.  The luminous room is 30 square meters & includes:  - Queen size bed ( linens and towels included )  - Flat Screen TV ( Cable)  - Large armoir with plenty of storage space - 2 large windows with mini balconies - Office desk - Couch - Marble fire place  - WIFI & Cable - Shared bathroom with shower & washing machine - Shared WC - Large living room with couch and table - Kitchen all equipped includes: oven, hot plates, dish washer,   to
3078	Charmant studio, tout confort dans un des meilleurs quartier de Paris	"Ce Studio, est situé rue de Grenelle dans le 7ème arrondissement, idéalement situé dans le ""triangle d'or"" : rue du Bac / boulevard Saint Germain et Raspail. Il est situé au rez-de-chaussée d'un charmant immeuble du 19ème siècle, et est équipé avec : un lave linge séchant, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. Charmant studio, tout confort dans un des meilleurs quartier de Paris Métro ligne 12 Bus (phone number hidden) Triangle d'or : boulevard Saint Germain / Raspail / rue du Bac Tout commerces à proximité immédiate Studio à 50 mètres des transports métro et bus"
3079	Located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, our apartment is 5/10min walk from the Eiffel Tower in a private street (quiet and sunny) at the intersection of two of the nicest neighborhood streets: rue Cler (pedestrian) with bars, restaurants, market and rue Saint-Dominique (shops / shopping).  You will enjoy a great neighborhood life and the opportunity to reach the most beautiful places in Paris easily. (Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire, Quais de Seine, Trocadero, musée d'Orsay etc). Best restaurants of chef Clement Constant (Thoumieux, les Cocottes, Café Constant) are 1mn walk from the appartment The apartment is in perfect condition (with Wifi). Living room of 19m ²,  kitchen of 10m ² (washing machine, dishwasher), master bedroom with double bed, a child's room with single bed child (expandable: it can be increased to 2m long to accommodate an adult on request), baby room (child 2/3 years max), 2 bathrooms (one with baignoire, one with shower).  As a conclusion, this	Located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, our apartment is 5/10min walk from the Eiffel Tower in a private street (quiet and sunny) at the intersection of two of the nicest neighborhood streets: rue Cler (pedestrian) with bars, restaurants, market and rue Saint-Dominique (shops / shopping).  You will enjoy a great neighborhood life and the opportunity to reach the most beautiful places in Paris easily. (Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire, Quais de Seine, Trocadero, musée d'Orsay etc). Best restaurants of chef Clement Constant (Thoumieux, les Cocottes, Café Constant) are 1mn walk from the appartment The apartment is in perfect condition (with Wifi). Living room of 19m ²,  kitchen of 10m ² (washing machine, dishwasher), master bedroom with double bed, a child's room with single bed child (expandable: it can be increased to 2m long to accommodate an adult on request), baby room (child 2/3 years max), 2 bathrooms (one with baignoire, one with shower).  As a conclusion, this
3080	Charmant deux pièces de 32 m2 pour 4 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 mêlant le charme authentique de la pierre et de la chaux avec une pièce à vivre ouverte sur le ciel. L’appartement vous offrira un lit de 160x200 avec un matelas SIMMONS® de qualité ferme avec un accueil de confort moelleux  dans la chambre et un Canapé transformable toujours en matelas SIMMONS® pour un meilleur confort dans le salon. Cuisine américaine équipée avec 2 plaques cuisson vitrocéramique l’évier-égouttoir le frigo et le micro onde. Poêle casserole égouttoir saladier et plats de service ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire comprenant couverts assiettes verres bol mug et liquide vaisselle. Machine à laver 3 kg . Salle de bain comprenant douche toilettes et sèche serviettes. Sèche-cheveux fournis.  Traitement anticalcaire et anti traces du carrelage des robinetteries  et des toilettes pour une meilleure hygiène. Kit hygiène unique fournis à l’entrée de chez WECOVI® comprenant : -1 éponge vais	Studio pour 4 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 vous offrant ce que nous cherchons en voyage : une Situation centrale  un Logement Propre et Sain du Confort dans le couchage  dans une totale Indépendance. Charmant deux pièces de 32 m2 pour 4 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 mêlant le charme authentique de la pierre et de la chaux avec une pièce à vivre ouverte sur le ciel. L’appartement vous offrira un lit de 160x200 avec un matelas SIMMONS® de qualité ferme avec un accueil de confort moelleux  dans la chambre et un Canapé transformable toujours en matelas SIMMONS® pour un meilleur confort dans le salon. Cuisine américaine équipée avec 2 plaques cuisson vitrocéramique l’évier-égouttoir le frigo et le micro onde. Poêle casserole égouttoir saladier et plats de service ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire comprenant couverts assiettes verres bol mug et liquide vaisselle. Machine à laver 3 kg . Salle de bain comprenant douche toilettes et sèche serviettes. Sèc
3081	2 rooms (living room and bedroom), kitchen and bathroom. Has place to accomodate 4 people. Fully furnished kitchen: kettle, microwave oven, dishwashing machine, coffee machine,oven. In the bedroom there is a huge TV with 220 channels, all the flat has wireless inernet. Also it has vacuum cleaner, iron, huge bath, very nice yard. 	Very spacey and cute flat in the centre of Paris. 2 rooms (living room and bedroom), kitchen and bathroom. Has place to accomodate 4 people. Fully furnished kitchen: kettle, microwave oven, dishwashing machine, coffee machine,oven. In the bedroom there is a huge TV with 220 channels, all the flat has wireless inernet. Also it has vacuum cleaner, iron, huge bath, very nice yard.  Very spacey and cute flat in the centre of Paris. Close to many museums, Eiffel Tower, brand shops, being situated exactly in the historical part of Paris. Many supermarkets, metro stations and shops nearby.
3082	This apartment of 85 square meters (approximately 920 sq ft) is situated rue du Bac (At the beginning of the street so very close to the Seine) at the 3rd French floor of a Bourgeois building with elevator. The apartment is composed of a large and very shinny living room, 2 bedroom with a vie on the courtyard, 1 bathroom and 1 fully equipped kitchen. The furniture are of very good quality, the decoration is neat and it can welcome up 4 people.  The nearest metro station is Solférino.	2 bedroom apartment situated at the beginning of the Rue du Bac, very close to the Seine. A perfect place for a leisure or business trip. Thank you, Pierre This apartment of 85 square meters (approximately 920 sq ft) is situated rue du Bac (At the beginning of the street so very close to the Seine) at the 3rd French floor of a Bourgeois building with elevator. The apartment is composed of a large and very shinny living room, 2 bedroom with a vie on the courtyard, 1 bathroom and 1 fully equipped kitchen. The furniture are of very good quality, the decoration is neat and it can welcome up 4 people.  The nearest metro station is Solférino. - Wifi unlimited - International tv chanels  - DVD player - Washing machine - Dish washer - Sheets and towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. At this place, you will be between the Orsay muséum, Place de la Concorde, Boulevard Saint Germain, the Seine. Metro 12 RER Musée d'Orsay.
3083	Situé rue de Sèvres à la frontière entre les 6ème et 7ème arrondissements, proche du quartier St Germain des Prés, sur les lignes 13, 10 et proche ligne 12, ce magnifique appartement constituera le point de départ idéal de votre séjour à Paris ! De style moderne avec parquet ancien, il comprend une grande chambre double avec lit surélevé, une salle de bain avec baignoire-douche en bois, un salon de 25 m² avec cheminée et une cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée donnant sur une salle à manger accueillant jusqu'à 10 personnes. Equipements :  - Internet - TV - DVD - Lave-vaisselle - Lave-linge - Sèche-linge - Four - Réfrigérateur - Congélateur - Micro-onde  - Machine à café Nespresso 	Beautiful modern flat perfectly located in the heart of Paris between Invalides & Saint Germain. One block from Le Bon Marché. Chic neighborhood. Fully equipped, quiet, confortable. Situé rue de Sèvres à la frontière entre les 6ème et 7ème arrondissements, proche du quartier St Germain des Prés, sur les lignes 13, 10 et proche ligne 12, ce magnifique appartement constituera le point de départ idéal de votre séjour à Paris ! De style moderne avec parquet ancien, il comprend une grande chambre double avec lit surélevé, une salle de bain avec baignoire-douche en bois, un salon de 25 m² avec cheminée et une cuisine américaine parfaitement équipée donnant sur une salle à manger accueillant jusqu'à 10 personnes. Equipements :  - Internet - TV - DVD - Lave-vaisselle - Lave-linge - Sèche-linge - Four - Réfrigérateur - Congélateur - Micro-onde  - Machine à café Nespresso  Very close to Montparnasse (Train Station) and 20min cab from Paris Orly AIRPORT Selon les dates, je pourrais faire la remis
3084	• Elegant and Spacious Apartment In a classic early 1900s building, exclusively located opposite the Musée d'Orsay, this lovely apartment has just been completely and elegantly renovated to create the perfect space for families or larger groups. An elevator takes you up to this unusually spacious three bedroom, three bathroom apartment, in the heart of the art and antique district of Paris, in Saint-Germain des Prés. • Understated Luxury with a Welcoming Ambience The apartment has three large and bright bedrooms, all with king beds and their own private bathrooms, combining beautiful original features with modern comforts. The fully equipped kitchen with its lovely moulded ceiling, black handmade tiles and all new appliances has a refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, toaster and all utensils necessary for cooking and eating. The kitchen is open onto a dining room with ornate fireplace and dining table and chairs for 8 people, perfect for dinner parties or family gatherings. Fr	This beautiful and bright 3 bedroom - 3 bathroom luxury apartment rental (156 square meters - 1,680 square feet) is situated in the heart of the art district of central Paris, in Saint-Germain des Prés. • Elegant and Spacious Apartment In a classic early 1900s building, exclusively located opposite the Musée d'Orsay, this lovely apartment has just been completely and elegantly renovated to create the perfect space for families or larger groups. An elevator takes you up to this unusually spacious three bedroom, three bathroom apartment, in the heart of the art and antique district of Paris, in Saint-Germain des Prés. • Understated Luxury with a Welcoming Ambience The apartment has three large and bright bedrooms, all with king beds and their own private bathrooms, combining beautiful original features with modern comforts. The fully equipped kitchen with its lovely moulded ceiling, black handmade tiles and all new appliances has a refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, toaster an
3085	A nice 2 bedroom Apartment at the 2nd floor without elevator in a residential area very contral location, near close to touristic attractions like Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Museum : Orsay, Branly, Louvre, Champs Elysées.... Pedestrian market rue Cler Master bedroom with twin beds making a kingsize and second bedroom with 2 single Bathroom with tub and wall shower, wc. Washer/dryer Open kitchen on the living room (large refrigerator, dishwasher, oven and micro-wave, electric burners and electric coffe maker) Other supplies TV and phone, Internet WIFI Specificity Tastefully decorated with floor to ceiling curtains and antiques, the apartment is clean and cosy 	A nice 2 bedroom Apartment at the 2nd floor without elevator in a residential area very contral location, near close to touristic attractions like Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Museum : Orsay, Branly, Louvre, Champs Elysées.... Pedestrian market rue Cler Master bedroom with twin beds making a kingsize and second bedroom with 2 single Bathroom with tub and wall shower, wc. Washer/dryer Open kitchen on the living room (large refrigerator, dishwasher, oven and micro-wave, electric burners and electric coffe maker) Other supplies TV and phone, Internet WIFI Specificity Tastefully decorated with floor to ceiling curtains and antiques, the apartment is clean and cosy 
3086	 Cosy parisian studio, in the heart of the highly desirable « 7th district » of paris, the very charming little studio located next by walk from the Eiffel tower and the garden Champs de Mars, Next Champs Elysées and Saint Germain des Près. The location of the studio is unique, because you will be very next to all the more beautiful and romantic place of paris	Little one room studio A sofa bed of two places, Little kitchen: dishes, refrigerator, cooker, kettle and washing machine. Little shower, Sheets, towels furnished, Coffee and tea for free Toilets outside the studio in the same floor  Cosy parisian studio, in the heart of the highly desirable « 7th district » of paris, the very charming little studio located next by walk from the Eiffel tower and the garden Champs de Mars, Next Champs Elysées and Saint Germain des Près. The location of the studio is unique, because you will be very next to all the more beautiful and romantic place of paris You will have all your independance, because its an individual little studio, it's not a share of appartement, you will have your key, and you can go and return as you like, as if you rent a studio. If you need something, i live 15 min walk from the studio The 7th arrondissement is an area of Paris very safe, people are friendly. It is touristic because all the more beautiful monuments are in this pla
3087	A small kitchen area with stove top and microwave allows for easily preparing dinner at home. Simply but sufficiently equipped, you can relax in front of the TV, dine in, or head out to one of the many outstanding restaurants in the neighborhood. Air-conditioning and double glazed windows provide that extra comfort. The sofa bed is preferably for children or young adults since these are cozy quarters. A modern bathroom includes a walk-in shower and towel heater, WC and sink. Shelves and closet space along the hallway make this apartment perfect for an extended stay. Take advantage of this perfectly located apartment as your pied-à-terre, and enjoy the gastronomical and aesthetic features that Paris has to offer. And don't forget to try Chapon's unique chocolates just downstairs!	Located on one of the most desirable streets, this 26 m2 (about 278 ft2) studio, decorated in simple elegance and featuring an unusually high ceiling, is comprised of one large room which includes a queen bed, single sofa bed and dining table.  A small kitchen area with stove top and microwave allows for easily preparing dinner at home. Simply but sufficiently equipped, you can relax in front of the TV, dine in, or head out to one of the many outstanding restaurants in the neighborhood. Air-conditioning and double glazed windows provide that extra comfort. The sofa bed is preferably for children or young adults since these are cozy quarters. A modern bathroom includes a walk-in shower and towel heater, WC and sink. Shelves and closet space along the hallway make this apartment perfect for an extended stay. Take advantage of this perfectly located apartment as your pied-à-terre, and enjoy the gastronomical and aesthetic features that Paris has to offer. And don't forget to try Chapon's 
3088	Our charming 50sq meters flat can welcome up to 3 persons (2 adults and 1 children accepted) with one double bed in the bedroom and one sofa bed in the living room.  The nice kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, oven, hotplates, toaster, Nespresso machine + washing machine) and there is a bathtub in the bathroom. Typically parisian with its wooden floor and moldings you'll appreciate its calm and its genuine charm. You'll quickly feel like home and live like a true parisian !	Ideally located 250 meters from Champs de Mars and 5 minutes walking distance from Invalides, welcome to our typical parisian apartment and in our friendly neighborhood. You should quickly feel like home ! Our charming 50sq meters flat can welcome up to 3 persons (2 adults and 1 children accepted) with one double bed in the bedroom and one sofa bed in the living room.  The nice kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, oven, hotplates, toaster, Nespresso machine + washing machine) and there is a bathtub in the bathroom. Typically parisian with its wooden floor and moldings you'll appreciate its calm and its genuine charm. You'll quickly feel like home and live like a true parisian ! Location du logement dans son intégralité As born parisians we are at your disposal before your trip to share our best  tips not only of the neighbourhood  but of many districts of Paris. Don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions ! We are situated in a quiet street, 2 minutes walk from one of the greatest pe
3089	It is the place where I live. I made it really cosy and convenient.  Window above the bed. 	I leave on a peaceful little street located just steps from the Musée d’Orsay on the select left bank of the Seine River. This quiet residential area which boasts famous monuments, numerous art galleries, fine restaurants and li
3090	This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. This 45sqm appartment offers a large living space with a sitting area with comfy sofa  and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped American kitchen with a bar, a bathroom, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 2rd floor of a 16th century building (no lift).	Best location for a stay in Paris! At the very center. It is a very quiet and safe area at night. Near all the best museums. You are so close to every attractions and trendy places. It is just the perfect place from where you could visit Paris.  This spacious apartment is located in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods of Paris, in the heart of Saint Germain des Prés. This 45sqm appartment offers a large living space with a sitting area with comfy sofa  and a large flat screen TV, a fully equiped American kitchen with a bar, a bathroom, Internet connection (wifi), and is located on the 2rd floor of a 16th century building (no lift). It is very central, just a five minute walk to  the Seine river,  Tuileries gardens,  The Louvre museum  and the d'Orsay museum,  just behind the fashionable Saint-Germain-des-Près  the Bonmarché.  Saint Michel,  Chatelet,  Opera,  Marais,  Rodin museum,  Maillol museum,  Beaux Arts School,  Luxembourg park,  Notre Dame,  Beaubourg,  and more. All of the
3091	Charming apartment ideal for a couple. The apartment has a small entrance, a sunny living room, a bathroom with separate WC, a small kitchen and a bedroom.  The apartment has a large window in each room so it quite sunny in the main rooms. The bedroom is on the small courtyard side, so very quite. High ceilings (3m30). Renovated in 2012. 	Charming apartment, ideal for a couple, near St-Germain-des-Prés. It is located in a quiet street with many shops, museums and means of transportation nearby. Enjoy its sunny living room, clearance, in typical Parisian style. Charming apartment ideal for a couple. The apartment has a small entrance, a sunny living room, a bathroom with separate WC, a small kitchen and a bedroom.  The apartment has a large window in each room so it quite sunny in the main rooms. The bedroom is on the small courtyard side, so very quite. High ceilings (3m30). Renovated in 2012.  You will find: - High speed internet access (wi-fi)   - Bathroom with linen, laundry washer, shower - Bedroom with queen size bed, stands and hangers to put your clothes, linen - Living room with Flat TV screen, Dvd player, Play Station 3 with games, AirPlay music sound system - Kitchen with fridge, freezer, kettle, microwave, oven, pans, toaster, basic equipment and food (tee, coffee, rice, pasta..) BUT no dish washer. - Electri
3092	Mon logement est très agréable et très calme est clair il est surtout très bien placé en plein cœur du septième entre la tour Eiffel et les Invalides et l'école militaire ce logement contient une chambre avec un lit double et un salon avec un canapé lit parfait pour trois ou quatre personnes des jeunes filles qui veulent visiter Paris soit un couple avec  un ou deux enfants  le logement à une salle de douche ainsi que une kitchenette avec un frigo un micro-ondes deux plaques de cuisine pour faire directement à manger.	bonjour mon appartement est situé dans le cœur du 7 eme (rue piétonne, rue du marché ) a quelques mètres de La Tour Eiffel de l'École militaire et des invalides Très Beau 2 pièces 1 chambres plus un salon avec un canapé lit L'appartement est situé au 5e étage avec un ascenseur  sur Cour calme et clair. Parfait pour un couple est un enfants ou deux enfants . Mon logement est très agréable et très calme est clair il est surtout très bien placé en plein cœur du septième entre la tour Eiffel et les Invalides et l'école militaire ce logement contient une chambre avec un lit double et un salon avec un canapé lit parfait pour trois ou quatre personnes des jeunes filles qui veulent visiter Paris soit un couple avec  un ou deux enfants  le logement à une salle de douche ainsi que une kitchenette avec un frigo un micro-ondes deux plaques de cuisine pour faire directement à manger. les voyageurs le jour J auront accès à un code sur la porte qui ouvrira directement l'accès à l'appartement a n'impo
3093	Attention, 5° étage accessible uniquement par escalier de service // surface  45 m2 // Chambre lit double + salon + cuisine (places à table) avec ouverture lumineuse plein sud (vue sympa) // possibilité d'ajouter matelas si enfants ou + 1	Sentez-vous chez vous dans ce deux pièces + cuisine séparée tout équipé, niché au 5° étage d'un immeuble historique, dans un quartier calme et central, sans autre vis-à-vis que les hôtels particuliers, le dôme des Invalides et la Tour Eiffel  Attention, 5° étage accessible uniquement par escalier de service // surface  45 m2 // Chambre lit double + salon + cuisine (places à table) avec ouverture lumineuse plein sud (vue sympa) // possibilité d'ajouter matelas si enfants ou + 1 Accès : entrée sur salon desservant à droite chambre pour deux, à gauche cuisine séparée et salle de bain (lavabo-douche-toilettes avec sèche-serviettes) Communication email + mobile perso // mon logement est mis à disposition des voyageurs pendant tout leur séjour  Quartier calme et sécurisé, central, dégagé, à proximité de superbes monuments (Musée Rodin, Invalides, Assemblée Nationale à moins de 5 minutes à pied // Tour Eiffel + Ecole Militaire à moins de 10/15 min. à pieds)  La rue de Bourgogne, au pieds de l
3094	Whether for a city trip or a romantic week-end, nothing beats starting your day with breakfast on the cafés of rue Clerc. Discover Paris from this charming renovated studio.   The inside of this newly renovated studio is about ingenuity and attention to details, making this urban studio a cozy and contemporary place to relax. Featuring premium bedding, an amazingly functional and compact kitchen unit, an HD tv, highspeed wi-fi, and even a washing machine, we made no compromise to ensure you come back and see us. Court-side, so isolated from street noise, ground floor so you won't have to bring luggage up and down staircases.  	Walk to the Eiffel tower, cross the Alexandre III bridge to explore the Louvres, shop the Champs Elysées',or just get away from it all at Rodin´s secluded museum´s tea room. This studio puts you at the heart of Paris´s most exclusive and safest area. Whether for a city trip or a romantic week-end, nothing beats starting your day with breakfast on the cafés of rue Clerc. Discover Paris from this charming renovated studio.   The inside of this newly renovated studio is about ingenuity and attention to details, making this urban studio a cozy and contemporary place to relax. Featuring premium bedding, an amazingly functional and compact kitchen unit, an HD tv, highspeed wi-fi, and even a washing machine, we made no compromise to ensure you come back and see us. Court-side, so isolated from street noise, ground floor so you won't have to bring luggage up and down staircases.  The 7th arrondissement is set in the heart of Paris. The atmosphere is relaxed, allowing you to enjoy its narrow co
3095	BUILDING  The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained with lots of charms. APARTMENT  4nd floor with elevator, the apartment is very calm and clear : - Fully equipped kitchen: ceramic hob, oven, microwave, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat (dishes, pots, cups, glasses) - Living room with 2 sofas - Bathroom with shower, - 1st Bedroom with 2 single beds, very quiet. - 2nd Bedroom with a queen size bed DISTRICT   Saint-Germain-des-Prés - Rue du Bac. The apartment is located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and jardin du Luxembourg. This is a prestigious neighborhood where you will find the Hotel Matignon, the National Assembly.  CULTURE  Within 10-15 minutes walk you will find the Musée d'Orsay, the Musée du quai Branly and the Musée Rodin. OUTPUTS  You will find many restaurants and wine bars in the neighborhood. Raspail bio market takes place two times 	"    Old apartment, 970 ft2 recently renovated with vintage furniture, minimalist décor and ceiling moldings. Lots of charm ! Located in the wonderful and very central area of 7th district of Paris.                    There are many bus lines and the ""SÈVRES BABYLONE"" Metro at 2 min from the flat."
3096	There is a nice fan for the hot days of summer Towels and clean sheets provided	You will be in the most central and fancy location in Paris. Close to everything, this apartment is exceptionally quiet. It also includes all the amenities which will make you feel just like at home. There is a nice fan for the hot days of summer Towels and clean sheets provided The neighbors are very kind. The Rue du Bac, Bac Street, is like a small fancy little village inside the city of Paris. The Bon Marché department store gives an idea of the street's whole spirit. The nearest metro station, Metro Rue du Bac line 12, is the cutest metro station in Paris. It is about 50 meters away from my apartment. A velib bikes station is at the same distance. 6th floor with no elevator
3097	Parfaitement situé dans un quartier riche et musées, restaurants, théâtre et à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et de la Seine Superficie de 80m2 avec beau séjour et grande chambre (et bien sur une salle de bain). Belle hauteur sous plafond Décoration qui plaira aux amateurs d'art contemporain mais  qui séduira sans doute les autres...	Calme et idéalement situé à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, de la Seine et du musée du Quai Branly. Dans un quartier sûr et très agréable. Quiet flat, very close from Eiffel Tower, Seine river, museums... In a very safe and great area Parfaitement situé dans un quartier riche et musées, restaurants, théâtre et à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et de la Seine Superficie de 80m2 avec beau séjour et grande chambre (et bien sur une salle de bain). Belle hauteur sous plafond Décoration qui plaira aux amateurs d'art contemporain mais  qui séduira sans doute les autres... Internet, usage autorisé de la cuisine Sentez vous chez vous Je peux me rendre disponible Un résumé du quartier avec nos adresses préférées sera disponible La Tour Eiffel  et le Champs de Mars : très près Les musées, les restaurants La sécurité du quartiers et la beauté des immeubles RER C Bus 42 et 62 Métro École Militaire  Velib Batobus L'immeuble est très agréable ainsi que la cour arborée et l'appartement bien sûr mais son accès 
3098	Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes, bien que petite cette chambre comporte tous les équipements nécessaires à un séjour dans la plus belle ville du monde!	Petit 10m2 au coeur de Paris dans le 7ème arrondissement, parquets et moulures hausmanniennes au plafond vous feront revivre les années 50 qui ont animé ce quartier. Ce logement peut accueillir deux personnes, bien que petite cette chambre comporte tous les équipements nécessaires à un séjour dans la plus belle ville du monde! Petit coin kitchenette, douche privative, toilettes sur le palier, évier/lavabo, clic-clac deux places, vaisselle, cette chambre est un point de chute pour profiter pleinement de Paris en économisant sur le prix d'un logement classique. I speak french and english fluently, un poco de espanol 和可以说汉语一点！ Métro Invalides, ligne 8, 13 et RER C à 10 minutes de l'appartement. Commerces de proximité, cafés et musées (Musée du Louvre à 10minutes, Palais de Tokyo, Grand Palais, Quai Branly...), les Invalides, École militaire et bien sûr la Tour Eiffel!
3099	L'appartement offre des vues dégagées sur le sud, l’est et l’ouest parisien, vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Il se situe dans un quartier recherché à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides, quartier commerçant et animé. Parfait pour les balades à pied dans Paris.  Vous découvrirez une belle entrée et un couloir qui mène à une cuisine ouverte sur un coin repas, table pour 4 personnes. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, 4 feux gaz, machine à laver la vaisselle, bouilloire, grille pain. Un salon en rotonde, ses trois fenêtres lui donnent clarté et caractère. Un canapé peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un enfant dans le salon. Une chambre avec un lit double en 140 cm et des placards. Une salle de bain de charme contient une baignoire avec douche. Vous bénéficiez d'internet haut débit en accès wifi dans tout l'appartement. Nous vous fournissons des draps et serviettes de toilette. 	Appartement romantique et atypique au 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur d’un superbe immeuble en pierre de taille. Très confortable et spacieux pour un couple avec un enfant. Décoration raffinée et volumes originaux. L'appartement offre des vues dégagées sur le sud, l’est et l’ouest parisien, vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Il se situe dans un quartier recherché à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides, quartier commerçant et animé. Parfait pour les balades à pied dans Paris.  Vous découvrirez une belle entrée et un couloir qui mène à une cuisine ouverte sur un coin repas, table pour 4 personnes. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, 4 feux gaz, machine à laver la vaisselle, bouilloire, grille pain. Un salon en rotonde, ses trois fenêtres lui donnent clarté et caractère. Un canapé peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un enfant dans le salon. Une chambre avec un lit double en 140 cm et des placards. Une salle de bain de charme contient une baignoire avec douche. Vous bénéficie
3100	"My beautiful one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in a secure and lively neighborhood! A true feel@home experience that will make your trip to Paris unforgettable. Close to the Eiffel tower and the best museums the city has to offer... A true gem! Stay in a newly 50m2 refurbished 1-bedroom apartment in the safe and highly regarded ""Gros Caillou"" area in the 7th arrondissement of the most beautiful city : Paris! The apartment is on the second floor of a calm building facing south with lots of sunshine.  Its location is perfect. Located between the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Orsay museum and Invalides, you could not ask for a better spot to stay. It is central and close to restaurants, bars, museums, monuments and with an easy access to public transportation. The closest subway stations are La Tour Maubourg on line 8 (3min away), Invalides on line 13 and RER C (5min away). Multiple bus lines take you to all four corners of the city (Champs-Elysées avenue, Saint-Germain des près,"	"My beautiful 1 bedroom apart. (50m2) is located in a secure/lively neighborhood! A true feel@home experience that will make your trip to Paris (website hidden) is close to the Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars, Invalides and Orsay museum. A true gem! My beautiful one bedroom apartment is perfectly located in a secure and lively neighborhood! A true feel@home experience that will make your trip to Paris unforgettable. Close to the Eiffel tower and the best museums the city has to offer... A true gem! Stay in a newly 50m2 refurbished 1-bedroom apartment in the safe and highly regarded ""Gros Caillou"" area in the 7th arrondissement of the most beautiful city : Paris! The apartment is on the second floor of a calm building facing south with lots of sunshine.  Its location is perfect. Located between the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Orsay museum and Invalides, you could not ask for a better spot to stay. It is central and close to restaurants, bars, museums, monuments and with an easy access to "
3101	This high range building has been built recently. Located on the 2nd floor, directly accessible by the elevator, this quiet and bright apartment is double-oriented, the bedrooms overlook the street and the living room overlooks the garden. This beautiful apartment opens onto a large entrance leading to the bedrooms on one side and to the living room on the other side. The lobby also has toilets. The first bedroom has a 160 cm double bed, a wardrobe and a TV.. The second bedroom offers a 140 cm double bed, a closet as well as an adjoining bathroom with shower and WC. From the entrance you will have an access to another bathroom with its own shower and close. In the family room, the open-plan kitchen takes up a nice space and is fully equipped with top range facilities. The island kitchen unit offers storage spaces and a high comfort. Next to the large window, a dining table for 6 people and the living room with its 140 cm sofa bed and flat screen TV provide the opportunity to enjoy a ni	This beautiful apartment is very well arranged. Functional, it is fully equipped and offers all the necessary comfort for your stay. Ideally located, it is near the mythic Invalides and the inescapable Eiffel Tower. This high range building has been built recently. Located on the 2nd floor, directly accessible by the elevator, this quiet and bright apartment is double-oriented, the bedrooms overlook the street and the living room overlooks the garden. This beautiful apartment opens onto a large entrance leading to the bedrooms on one side and to the living room on the other side. The lobby also has toilets. The first bedroom has a 160 cm double bed, a wardrobe and a TV.. The second bedroom offers a 140 cm double bed, a closet as well as an adjoining bathroom with shower and WC. From the entrance you will have an access to another bathroom with its own shower and close. In the family room, the open-plan kitchen takes up a nice space and is fully equipped with top range facilities. The i
3102	This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  This gracious apartment, with its handsome cobblestone inner courtyard, is situated within a classic 19th Century building. This traditional apartment features high ceilings, spacious rooms and family antiques - offering both comfort and old world elegance. The apartment is 1400 sq. ft in size and offers a welcoming entry foyer, a large living room, a lovely dining room, a big well-equipped kitchen with a small eat-in table & chairs, three bedrooms and three bathrooms.   The elegant master bedroom, with an ensuite bathroom, has a Queen-size bed. The pleasant second bedroom, with an ensuite bathroom, has three twin beds. If desired, two of the three twin beds can be made up in advance as a King-size bed. The third bedroom has a double bed. The apartment’s three bathrooms are a rarity in Paris. The apartment has two full bathrooms each with a toilet, sink and mirror, a bathtub and an overhead shower. The third bathroom is a WC with a 3rd toilet.  The apa	Our lovely Lille d'Orsay Trois is a 3 bedroom & 3 bathroom Left Bank apartment located just across the street from the Musee d'Orsay in the ever chic 7th Arrondissement.  This apartment has a 5 night minimum and sleeps 7. This is a Non-Smoking Apartment.  This gracious apartment, with its handsome cobblestone inner courtyard, is situated within a classic 19th Century building. This traditional apartment features high ceilings, spacious rooms and family antiques - offering both comfort and old world elegance. The apartment is 1400 sq. ft in size and offers a welcoming entry foyer, a large living room, a lovely dining room, a big well-equipped kitchen with a small eat-in table & chairs, three bedrooms and three bathrooms.   The elegant master bedroom, with an ensuite bathroom, has a Queen-size bed. The pleasant second bedroom, with an ensuite bathroom, has three twin beds. If desired, two of the three twin beds can be made up in advance as a King-size bed. The third bedroom has a double 
3103	Are you looking for vacation and enjoy the Parisian life in the beautiful neighborhood of the 7th district, the heart of Paris? Shopping, fine dining (restaurants, markets, etc.)., culture, are planned during your trip?  Then you will enjoy this beautiful apartment: Located in the heart of Paris near the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides.  Close to all the main attractions of the city (Musée d'Orsay, Grand Palais, Champs Elysées, Trocadero, Saint Germain, etc.). Transport: 2 mins from the subway (Invalides), bus or taxi It consists in a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom (shower), and a bedroom. Design / modern interior. Apartment particularly comfortable. Fully equiped:  - Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge / freezer, oven, glass-ceramic cooktop, kettle, toaster  - Laundry: washing machine  - Audio / video: HD TV Do not hesitate to come and live an unforgettable moment in the city of lights!	Are you looking for vacation and enjoy the Parisian life in the beautiful neighborhood of the 7th district, the heart of Paris? Shopping, fine dining (restaurants, markets, etc.)., culture, are planned during your trip?  Then you will enjoy this beautiful apartment. Are you looking for vacation and enjoy the Parisian life in the beautiful neighborhood of the 7th district, the heart of Paris? Shopping, fine dining (restaurants, markets, etc.)., culture, are planned during your trip?  Then you will enjoy this beautiful apartment: Located in the heart of Paris near the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides.  Close to all the main attractions of the city (Musée d'Orsay, Grand Palais, Champs Elysées, Trocadero, Saint Germain, etc.). Transport: 2 mins from the subway (Invalides), bus or taxi It consists in a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom (shower), and a bedroom. Design / modern interior. Apartment particularly comfortable. Fully equiped:  - Kitchen: dishwasher, fridge / freezer, oven, glass-ce
3104	Charming studio at the 4th floor without lift. Little kitchen with all the equipment required (fridge, plates, nespresso, juicer, mixer...), main room with sofa-bed, desk, table, bathroom with bathtub, sink, toilets. Wifi on demand.	Studio located in historical Paris, between Louvre Museum and Orsay Museum; the Seine river two steps away, rive gauche. Ideal for a short or longer stay in Paris for two persons, as it is very well equiped.  Charming studio at the 4th floor without lift. Little kitchen with all the equipment required (fridge, plates, nespresso, juicer, mixer...), main room with sofa-bed, desk, table, bathroom with bathtub, sink, toilets. Wifi on demand. I'm always available on mail and phone if you need. All the advice you need from a native parisian! Certainly the most beautiful and central area of Paris, 7th arrondissement, bordering 6th: Seine quays, Louvre, Tuileries, Concorde, Musée d'Orsay, Bon Marché, Churches St Sulpice et St Germain-des-Prés, Shopping rue de Rennes, famous patisseries... less than 8 minutes walking. Every touristic point of Paris reachable on foot. Many buses, subway 12, RER C (Musée d'Orsay)
3105	Living room with beautiful loft for 2 people. 20 m2 in apartment 70 m2, Access to a handsom kitchen , and a bathroom with bathtub. WC accessible at every time    6th floor without elevator  Beautiful old building. Near the Jardin des Tuileries, the Musée d'Orsay, the Place de la Concorde, the Louvre and Saint Germain des Prés Presence of a very sweet cat ..	Living room with beautiful loft for 2 people. 20 m2 in apartment 70 m2, Access to a handsom kitchen , and a bathroom with bathtub. WC accessible at every time    6th floor without elevator  Beautiful old building. Near the Jardin des Tuileries, the Musée d'Orsay, the Place de la Concorde, the Louvre and Saint Germain des Prés Presence of a very sweet cat ..
3106	Experience Paris in unforgettable style with a stay in one of the City of Light’s most sought after locations. The ultimate in upscale living, for the discerning guest seeking exquisite decoration and comfortable luxury in the heart of the capital. This dream penthouse is nestled in Paris’s central 7th arrondissement on the prestigious place Vauban, on the 5th(top)floor with elevator, directly facing the Dome des Invalides (Napoleon’s tomb) and Eiffel Tower, for guaranteed stunning picture-postcard views. The area is home to several Embassies and the Prime Minister’s residence, reflecting its standing and offering a reassuringly tranquil and safe feel within the busy city.  In the upstanding but welcoming residential building you will find your spacious 120m2  (1300sft) home from home, featuring multiple artworks,  an extensive library and every comfort, naturally including WIFI. A celebration of culture and aesthetic pleasures seduce in an instant, with carefully chosen decor and furn	Upscale penthouse suitable for mature adults appreciating refined decoration, art and gracious living. Experience Paris in unforgettable style with a stay in one of the City of Light’s most sought after locations. The ultimate in upscale living, for the discerning guest seeking exquisite decoration and comfortable luxury in the heart of the capital. This dream penthouse is nestled in Paris’s central 7th arrondissement on the prestigious place Vauban, on the 5th(top)floor with elevator, directly facing the Dome des Invalides (Napoleon’s tomb) and Eiffel Tower, for guaranteed stunning picture-postcard views. The area is home to several Embassies and the Prime Minister’s residence, reflecting its standing and offering a reassuringly tranquil and safe feel within the busy city.  In the upstanding but welcoming residential building you will find your spacious 120m2  (1300sft) home from home, featuring multiple artworks,  an extensive library and every comfort, naturally including WIFI. A ce
3107	Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilettes dans l'appartement.  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi et TV numérique grand écran.	Localisation exceptionnelle en plein coeur de Paris, dans un immeuble classé au bord de la Seine.  Visitez les plus beaux monuments de Paris à pied en séjournant dans cette studette bien organisée et sécurisée. Studette neuve, moderne et bien décorée.  Petit espace mais très bien organisé.  Lit escamotable 1 place avec un vrai matelas.  Douche et toilettes dans l'appartement.  Kitchenette avec évier / plaque de cuisson / frigo / hotte.  Wifi et TV numérique grand écran. Check-in possible à toute heure.  Je suis joignable par téléphone et par mail à toute moment. Quartier Concorde - Assemblée Nationale.  Appartement au bord de la Seine, près d'un pont qui mène au Tuileries. Immeuble à une minute du musée du Quai d'Orsay.  15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées.  15 minutes à pied de Saint Germain des Près  15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel.  15 minutes à pied du musée du Louvre. Métro Solférino / Assemblée Nationale (ligne 12) RER Musée D'Orsay (RER C) Métro Concorde (ligne 1 / 12). Les
3108	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. 	Amazing apartment with a location right in the Eiffel Tower area. Fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your apartment in Paris. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.  Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique experi
3109	1 bedroom with large bed 160 x 200 cm A full equiped kitchen  Breakfirst, coffe, the, orange juice Bathroom with bathtub Clean towels, shampoo... Seperated toilets Possibility to sleep on the sofa for a third personn but it is not a sofa bed Mural TV, possibility to watch it from the bed or the living room 	Great appartement in center of paris Near Champs Elysées, near champs de mars, near museum WARNING KITCHEN : THE RANGE DOESN'T WORK 1 bedroom with large bed 160 x 200 cm A full equiped kitchen  Breakfirst, coffe, the, orange juice Bathroom with bathtub Clean towels, shampoo... Seperated toilets Possibility to sleep on the sofa for a third personn but it is not a sofa bed Mural TV, possibility to watch it from the bed or the living room Internet, wifi TV : a large choice of channel, two cinema chanel on demand with movies in original versopn music station with jack plug  2 minutes walking Eiffel Tower 5 minutes walking Invalides 10 minutes walking champs Elysées 5 to 15 minutes walking to Museum quai Branly, Palais de Tokyo, Grand Palais, Orsay Museum Air France Bus from Orly : 40 minutes (12 euros) Bus 42 from gare du nord : 40 minutes (1,50 euros) Bus 63 from gare de Lyon : 30 minutes (1,50 euros) Taxi from Orly : 25 minutes (30 euros) Near metro Alma Marceau, Invalides, La tour Maubo
3110	In the big high bed you can see Paris trough the 3 big windows.  As an interior architect is making comfortable spaces my profession and passion. I hope I did my job well in my own apartment and you'll feel at home.	A place created with care in the centre of Paris: Walking: - 15 min to La tour Eiffel - 5 min to Saint-Germain-des-Prés  - 15 min to Jardin du Luxembourg - 10 min to  Musée d'Orsay - 20 min to the Louvre & Tuileries - 5 min to  Les Invalides In the big high bed you can see Paris trough the 3 big windows.  As an interior architect is making comfortable spaces my profession and passion. I hope I did my job well in my own apartment and you'll feel at home. Everything!  Bed Couch  Table  Kitchen Bathroom Washing machine Dishwasher When the come and leave. It's just perfect. The very french ambiance. Nearby metro Duroc and Vaneau
3111	Charmant studio pour 2 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 mêlant le charme authentique de la pierre et de la chaux. Ce studio de 13 M2 est aménagé pour votre confort vous offrant une totale autonomie et indépendance. Cuisine équipée avec 2 plaques cuisson vitrocéramique, évier, frigo et micro onde. Poêle, casserole, égouttoir, saladier et plats de service ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire comprenant couverts, assiettes, verres, bol, mug et liquide vaisselle. Salle de bain douche et toilettes avec sèche-cheveux fournis.  Traitement anticalcaire et anti traces du carrelage des robinetteries et des toilettes pour une meilleure hygiène.. L’appartement vous offrira pour la literie un canapé convertible DIVA® de 130 x 195  avec un matelas SIMMONS® de qualité ferme avec un accueil de confort moelleux. Kit hygiène unique fournis à l’entrée de chez WECOVI® comprenant : -1 éponge vaisselle -1 chiffon -1 torchon -1 sac poubelle 30 litres -1 rouleau de papier toilette -1 savon. K	Charmant studio pour 2 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 mêlant le charme authentique de la pierre et de la chaux. Ce studio de 13 M2 est aménagé pour votre confort vous offrant une totale autonomie et indépendance. Charmant studio pour 2 personnes refait à neuf pour le printemps 2015 mêlant le charme authentique de la pierre et de la chaux. Ce studio de 13 M2 est aménagé pour votre confort vous offrant une totale autonomie et indépendance. Cuisine équipée avec 2 plaques cuisson vitrocéramique, évier, frigo et micro onde. Poêle, casserole, égouttoir, saladier et plats de service ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire comprenant couverts, assiettes, verres, bol, mug et liquide vaisselle. Salle de bain douche et toilettes avec sèche-cheveux fournis.  Traitement anticalcaire et anti traces du carrelage des robinetteries et des toilettes pour une meilleure hygiène.. L’appartement vous offrira pour la literie un canapé convertible DIVA® de 130 x 195  avec un matelas SIMMONS® d
3112	Very quiet, spacious and well decorated flat Spacious bedroom with large bed (200*180cm) Lots of storage units 1 bathroom with a large bathtub 2 separate toilets	This charming and quiet flat is a perfect base for a couple to visit paris for a week end or more. It's located in the very centre of Paris, 2 min walking distance from Invalides, 2 min from La Seine, 5 min from Eiffel Tower, 10 min from La Concorde Very quiet, spacious and well decorated flat Spacious bedroom with large bed (200*180cm) Lots of storage units 1 bathroom with a large bathtub 2 separate toilets - 2 bikes - Bed sheets, Towel - Free Wifi - Air dryer - Washing machine and dryer - Dish washer - Microwave, oven - Cable TV Lots of shops, restaurants and bars Invalides and Eiffel Tower 5 min walking distance Don't miss a dinner on the rue Cler street and a walk on the Seine shores ( quai de Seine) There is a corner shop on the street which is open until midnight, and 3 supermarkets on rue Saint Dominique, 3 minutes walking distance.  You will find italian, greek, japanese or chinese restaurants (and take away) on rue Malar, rue Jean Nicot or rue Surcouf Metro La Tour Maubourg N°
3113	une combinaison parfaite entre un design contemporain et une ambiance cosy. 	"The warm and intimate atmosphere of the living room makes you feel unique and privileged.  The ""Petit Breteuil"" flat is the perfect combinaison between contemporary and cosy ambiance. it will be my pleasure to help you in anyway I can during your stay the flat is ideally located in the heart of Paris.  few steps away from Eiffel Tower, famous museum (Grand Palais, Orsay...) or the deluxe department store ""Le Bon Marché"" near the metro (subway) L. 13 really easy to park a car in front of the flat. many bikes to hire around"
3114	This flat its on the heart of Paris. On the art galleries streets of the 7' district. Just front to river seine and the Louvres museum. By walk you can go as well to Eiffel Tower, saint Germain des pres, Tuileries garden.... Wifi, kitchen, shower, living room, breakfast included for the 1' night... For this moment it's only 1 room with double for rent. You will share the flat with a girl. The flat it's on the 4' without lift. Good for your gym legs ;) Metro, bus, bicycle, uber	This flat its on the heart of Paris. On the art galleries streets of the 7' district. Just front to river seine and the Louvres museum. By walk you can go as well to Eiffel Tower, saint Germain des pres, Tuileries garden....
3115		Chambre confortable sur cour. 1er étage avec ascenseur. Linge de lit et de toilette fourni Accès à la salle de bain très propre. Accès à la cuisine pour des plats rapides. Je vis dans cet appartement. C'est avec plaisir que je vous répondrai si vous avez besoin de moi. Sinon je suis discrète ! Quartier de prestige. Commerces à 2 minutes (rue de Bourgogne) Metro à 2 minutes (Varenne)
3116	Studio fully refurbished in 2013. It has a lovely terrace, ideal for enjoying breakfast outdoors. Located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Pres, you can easily go to the Luxembourg Gardens, or the Invalides. This apartment is fully equipped and perfectly situated to make the most of your stay in Paris. This apartment is located in the sought after of Saint Germain. Being a minute walk to boulevard Saint Germain, you will be spoilt for choice with the array of cafes, restaurants, bars and shops. The apartment is within walking distance from the Odeon Theatre, the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens and the Musée d'Orsay. To navigate your way round the whole of Paris, your closest metro stop is just a two minute walk away!	i Studio fully refurbished in 2013. It has a lovely terrace, ideal for enjoying breakfast outdoors. Located in the heart of Saint-Germain des Pres, you can easily go to the Luxembourg Gardens, or the Invalides. This apartment is fully equipped and perfectly situated to make the most of your stay in Paris. This apartment is located in the sought after of Saint Germain. Being a minute walk to boulevard Saint Germain, you will be spoilt for choice with the array of cafes, restaurants, bars and shops. The apartment is within walking distance from the Odeon Theatre, the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens and the Musée d'Orsay. To navigate your way round the whole of Paris, your closest metro stop is just a two minute walk away!
3117	We propose our lovely 1 bedroom apt for rent at price of 100E/night from April 1st (90E in low season) ! Just a 3 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower, located in the chic 7th arrondissement, just 1 minute away from rue Cler, beautiful pedestrian street famous for its groceries, bakeries, and terrasses,  the quartier is loaded with great restaurants for all purses. You'll just love your home in Paris, its cosy design and fantastic location ! My husband and I made heavy works in 2012 to create an inside (loft style) window to separate the room from the living room, expose the stoned wall, create a bar, then a new wooden parquet, wallpaper, etc... everything is brand new and designed with style (hopefully?!). The apt is a 1 Bedroom sleeping 4 adults, 2 in a Queen size bed (160cm wide) in the bedroom, and 2 in a very confortable large convertible sofa in the living, located off the street and on the ground floor, opening on the backyard, absolute calm and safety guaranteed ! It includes all f	Welcome home ! We propose our lovely 1 bedroom apt for rent at price of 100E/night from April 1st (90E in low season) ! Just a 3 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower, located in the chic 7th arrondissement, just 1 minute away from rue Cler, beautiful pedestrian street famous for its groceries, bakeries, and terrasses,  the quartier is loaded with great restaurants for all purses. You'll just love your home in Paris, its cosy design and fantastic location ! My husband and I made heavy works in 2012 to create an inside (loft style) window to separate the room from the living room, expose the stoned wall, create a bar, then a new wooden parquet, wallpaper, etc... everything is brand new and designed with style (hopefully?!). The apt is a 1 Bedroom sleeping 4 adults, 2 in a Queen size bed (160cm wide) in the bedroom, and 2 in a very confortable large convertible sofa in the living, located off the street and on the ground floor, opening on the backyard, absolute calm and safety guaranteed ! It
3118	2-room apartment, near Invalides and Eiffel Tower, for 1-4 people, at the 3rd floor without elevator. My apartment is composed of : - a bedroom (with a 2-person bed) - a bathroom with a bathtub - a living room (with a sofa that can be converted in a 2-person bed) with kitchen	2-room apartment, near Invalides and Eiffel Tower, for 1-4 people, at the 3rd floor without elevator. My apartment is composed of : - a bedroom (with a 2-person bed) - a bathroom with a bathtub - a living room (with a sofa that can be converted in a 2-person bed) with kitchen The apartment is near the Eiffel Tower (15 min in bus or subway) the Invalides (10 min walking) and the main museums of Paris. If you want to relax, you can lay on the grass of the Breteuil Avenue at the foot of the apartment or you can take the bus 70 that will bring you directly to the Luxembourg garden or you can stroll along the Seine banks which are 3 stops subway away). Metro lines 6, 10, 13 and many bus lines serve my apartment. For the people with a car, there are often vacant parking slots in my street.
3119	The flat is incredibly well located, in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés. 5mn from Le Bon Marché, from the Seine. The living-room is spacious, very luminous with an incredible and large view on Paris. Ideal for a couple. Large bedroom with very confortable bed and TV in the room. Wide dressing. Nice bathroom with bath. Separate toilets. 	"Wonderful and luxury Appartment of 80m2 at the 7th floor with a 180° view on Paris ! On the little terrace, you can see Invalides, Tour Eiffel, Saint Augustin, Musée d'Orsay, Montmartre. Very luminious : double exposure The flat is incredibly well located, in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés. 5mn from Le Bon Marché, from the Seine. The living-room is spacious, very luminous with an incredible and large view on Paris. Ideal for a couple. Large bedroom with very confortable bed and TV in the room. Wide dressing. Nice bathroom with bath. Separate toilets.  The Guest will have access to everything. The kitchen will be available in free access too. The guest will be totally free and alone in the apartment.  We may not interact directly with guests because we should be on holidays.  Very nice neighborhood atmosphere with small commerce in Rue du Bac, very luxury department store ""Le Bon Marché"", very trendy shops in Saint-Germain des Prés. You should have a morning breakfast or coffee at "
3120	I a not renting the alla apartment. Just the room with private bathroom andprivate toilet. The room is comfortable and sunny. With an open view on the roofs. Queen size bed. A closet and a small table inside the room. There is a direct access to the bathroom with shower from the room.  the apartment is very quiet and full of light. 	"Charming room with private bathroom and private toilet in a beautiful newly renovated tipical parisian apartment. Fifth floor with elevator. I am only renting a room with private bathroom and private toilet. Not the all apartment.  I a not renting the alla apartment. Just the room with private bathroom andprivate toilet. The room is comfortable and sunny. With an open view on the roofs. Queen size bed. A closet and a small table inside the room. There is a direct access to the bathroom with shower from the room.  the apartment is very quiet and full of light. You will have acess to the kitchen for breakfast and for coffe and tea during the day I will be happy to help when I am home with suggestions eccc The neighbourhood is lovely. You have everything you need ina walking distance. A lovely garden is just round the corner (jardins Catherine Labouree) The ""Bon Marché Rive Gauche"" the paradise for shopping is also a few meters away. the Japanese style cinema theater is in ffront of the b"
3121	In one of the most « chic » area in Paris,  10 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Close to 3 métro stations in neighborhood (Ecole militaire, Saint-François Xavier, Latour Maubourg),  20 meters from the famous Parisian bicyle rental « Velib »   In a classical 70 ‘s building with 2 elevators, a charming large studio, with a balconny facing to a private garden. The studio is fully equipped, with a 2-person bed, a shower/Tubb bathroom, a little kitchen with microwave, fridge, heating plates, Nespresso coffee machine and all you need to cook, a dressing, a working desk and Broadband Internet (Wifi). It really is a perfect location for a vacation in downtown Paris, in full independency and comfort.  Enjoy Paris as a parisian.	In one of the most « chic » area in Paris,  10 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. In one of the most « chic » area in Paris,  10 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Close to 3 métro stations in neighborhood (Ecole militaire, Saint-François Xavier, Latour Maubourg),  20 meters from the famous Parisian bicyle rental « Velib »   In a classical 70 ‘s building with 2 elevators, a charming large studio, with a balconny facing to a private garden. The studio is fully equipped, with a 2-person bed, a shower/Tubb bathroom, a little kitchen with microwave, fridge, heating plates, Nespresso coffee machine and all you need to cook, a dressing, a working desk and Broadband Internet (Wifi). It really is a perfect location for a vacation in downtown Paris, in full independency and comfort.  Enjoy Paris as a parisian. I will be welcoming you. Close to 3 métro stations in neighborhood (Ecole militaire, Saint-François Xavier, Latour Maubourg),  20 meters from the famous Parisi
3122	"Logement ""comme chez soi"", calme et chaleureux.  Rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour privée au bout d'une impasse privative. Adapté à deux personnes; Possibilité d'un hôte supplémentaire (couchage sur canapé)"	"Appartement au rez de chaussée au bout d'une impasse , dans une jolie cour tout près de St Germain des Prés, du Louvre, d'Orsay et du Quartier Latin. A deux minutes du Métro ""Rue du Bac"" et de nombreuses lignes de bus. Tous commerces à proximité.  Logement ""comme chez soi"", calme et chaleureux.  Rez de chaussée donnant sur une cour privée au bout d'une impasse privative. Adapté à deux personnes; Possibilité d'un hôte supplémentaire (couchage sur canapé) Tout ce qui est utile pour séjourner aimablement. Totalité du logement Le piano est un instrument de musique , pas un jouet. Logement à entière disposition. L'animation et aussi le calme. Le centre culturel de paris Jolis magasins près du Bon Marché Métro à proximité Plusieurs lignes de bus également très proches."
3123		Beau 2 pièces, 98m2.Tout le charme d'un appartement occupé l'hiver par ses propriétaire (cuisine très bien équipée). Très central sur rue calme et jardins. Proche musées Louvre et Orsay. Proche métros St-Germain-des-Prés et Rue du Bac.
3124	Live a castle experience in the heart of Saint-Germain des Près. This 185m² penthouse is located on the last floor of a typical Parisian building on rue de la Planche, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. This apartment is a remarkable landmark in Saint-Germain des Près, only 5 minutes away from Bon Marché and 7 from the Orsay Museum. It has stunning views on some of the most famous monuments of Paris, like the Eiffel Tower or the Invalides Dôme. The apartment has typical Parisian wooden beams from the 17th century, a hardwood floor, genuine castle mouldings and the height ceilings is about 4 meters which make you feel as if you were in a castle. The flat has a 70m² sitting living room, 2 large bedrooms with en-suite fully equipped bathrooms in addition to a powder-room in the entrance. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern and stainless steel appliances. It has a coffee-maker, toaster, kettle, electric stoves, microwave and all the necessary utensils you need to prepare the perfect	Amazing apartment in the 7th, few meters far from Saint Germain des Près. Space, quality, comfort and views are the main characteristics of this property made by the owner for herself. With 2 doubles suites and their own bathroom, enjoy Paris. Live a castle experience in the heart of Saint-Germain des Près. This 185m² penthouse is located on the last floor of a typical Parisian building on rue de la Planche, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. This apartment is a remarkable landmark in Saint-Germain des Près, only 5 minutes away from Bon Marché and 7 from the Orsay Museum. It has stunning views on some of the most famous monuments of Paris, like the Eiffel Tower or the Invalides Dôme. The apartment has typical Parisian wooden beams from the 17th century, a hardwood floor, genuine castle mouldings and the height ceilings is about 4 meters which make you feel as if you were in a castle. The flat has a 70m² sitting living room, 2 large bedrooms with en-suite fully equipped bathrooms in ad
3125	The apartment is composed of a large living room, a large bedroom and a dining kitchen. It has 5 big windows which overlook the street and an interior courtyard. It is an authentic and cozy Parisian apartment with high end design furniture in which you can take the most of Paris in any season.	Beautiful apartment with a lot of light and space (640 sqf). This typical Parisian apartment was completely renovated in October 2013. Best location in the center of Paris to enjoy the city. The apartment is composed of a large living room, a large bedroom and a dining kitchen. It has 5 big windows which overlook the street and an interior courtyard. It is an authentic and cozy Parisian apartment with high end design furniture in which you can take the most of Paris in any season. This apartment is located in the heart of Paris in the middle of “le carre des antiquaires”. It is steps away from the Seine River, the Musee d'Orsay, le Louvre, place Saint Germain des Pres. This location offers access to all usual conveniences of Parisian life: bakeries, brasserie (le Bistrot de Paris), café (café le Flore), restaurants (L’Atelier de Joel Robuchon), local grocery shopping (marche Mabillon or Le Bon Marche for more high end products) everything is located within 5 minute walk.  I can be reac
3126	BIENVENUE A PARIS!!  This one bedroom apartment is in a  great location in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, just minutes away from the sites of Les Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Eiffel Tower and the Rodin museum. There are numerous gourmet shops, restaurants, boutiques, cafes and art galleries right on your doorstep on Rue Cler and nearby Rue Saint Dominique. This neighbourhood offers easy access to all areas of Paris from the nearest metro stop of Ecole Militiare. Also within a pleasant stroll there is the Musee d'Orsey, the Louvre and Notre Damn can be reached by following the Sein river. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with elevator access. It is decorated in a clean and tasteful style, with lovely wooden floors and open spaces. The apartment has one bedroom, that looks onto a quiet courtyard. There is a large living room, also looking onto the quiet courtyard. There is a separate kitchen that is well equipped with modern conveniences, and also contains a washing ma	BIENVENUE A PARIS!!  This one bedroom apartment is in a  great location in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, just minutes away from the sites of Les Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Eiffel Tower and the Rodin museum. There are numerous gourmet shops, restaurants, boutiques, cafes and art galleries right on your doorstep on Rue Cler and nearby Rue Saint Dominique. This neighbourhood offers easy access to all areas of Paris from the nearest metro stop of Ecole Militiare. Also within a pleasant stroll there is the Musee d'Orsey, the Louvre and Notre Damn can be reached by following the Sein river. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with elevator access. It is decorated in a clean and tasteful style, with lovely wooden floors and open spaces. The apartment has one bedroom, that looks onto a quiet courtyard. There is a large living room, also looking onto the quiet courtyard. There is a separate kitchen that is well equipped with modern conveniences, and also contains a washing ma
3127	Loft 50m2 En plein coeur du quartier des antiquaires dans les 7 eme arrondissement, proximité des commerçants en bas de l'appartement, boulangerie, pharmacie, librairie, brasserie, papeterie, fromagers, traiteur... Quartier central 5 minutes à pieds de musée d'Orsay, quais de Seine, jardin des Tuileries, Opéra Garnier, Louvres, Saint germain des près. Idéal pour découvrir le beau paris romantique et culturel. Loft de 50m2, appartement de charme, poutres apparentes, grande hauteur sous plafond, calme, confort, située au 4 eme étage sans vis a vis, lumineux.  Il sera ravir et combler votre séjour parisien. Bien desservi par le métro et les bus 68 94  Metro Rue du Bac, Sèvres Babylone.	5 minutes by walk to Saint Germain des Pres, tuileries, Opera, louvres, Orsay museum. Confort, beauty, center of Paris. Loft 50m2 En plein coeur du quartier des antiquaires dans les 7 eme arrondissement, proximité des commerçants en bas de l'appartement, boulangerie, pharmacie, librairie, brasserie, papeterie, fromagers, traiteur... Quartier central 5 minutes à pieds de musée d'Orsay, quais de Seine, jardin des Tuileries, Opéra Garnier, Louvres, Saint germain des près. Idéal pour découvrir le beau paris romantique et culturel. Loft de 50m2, appartement de charme, poutres apparentes, grande hauteur sous plafond, calme, confort, située au 4 eme étage sans vis a vis, lumineux.  Il sera ravir et combler votre séjour parisien. Bien desservi par le métro et les bus 68 94  Metro Rue du Bac, Sèvres Babylone. 1 Breakfast, towels, bedding full, wireless internet, TV. Internet and telephone. Antique district, charming traders, pubs and restaurants nearby.  Preserved and quiet and not far from the
3128	Very nice decorated, you will became a true Parisian thanks to this typical flat and lovely area. Bright flat with 2 spacious rooms. The bedroom is separate from the living room.   It’s fully furnished with everything you might need to have a pleasant stay : big screen tv with international channels, internet, wifi, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher, hairdryer... The district is one of the best in Paris. very well located between Invalides and Ecole Militaire, close to the river la Seine. 5 minutes walking for each. And of course, if we say Ecole Militaire, we say Eiffel Tower ! If you want to visit all Paris it is possible thanks the metros or buses. But if you just want to stay in the area, Ecole Militaire it is a perfect place to stay. You have a lot of shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bistros, bars, parks... You can go running to the Champs de Mars or along la Seine. You can take a bike as well, it calls Vélib', we have 2 stations in o	Fully furnished flat, 45m2. You will feel like a real parisian. Located in a great area : Ecole Militaire. You are between Invalides and Champs de Mars with the Eiffel Tower. Very close from all transports, shops, supermarkets, restaurants... Very nice decorated, you will became a true Parisian thanks to this typical flat and lovely area. Bright flat with 2 spacious rooms. The bedroom is separate from the living room.   It’s fully furnished with everything you might need to have a pleasant stay : big screen tv with international channels, internet, wifi, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, dishwasher, hairdryer... The district is one of the best in Paris. very well located between Invalides and Ecole Militaire, close to the river la Seine. 5 minutes walking for each. And of course, if we say Ecole Militaire, we say Eiffel Tower ! If you want to visit all Paris it is possible thanks the metros or buses. But if you just want to stay in the area, Ecole Mil
3129		In the heart of the 7th in Paris, in a calm and central area a small studio 10min away from the Eiffel tower and the champs élysées. Metro ligne 8, RER C ( Chateau de Versailles ) Perfect for a couple or friends wanting to discover Paris.
3130	Newly refurbished located in the center of Paris. one large double room, one single tiny room and a sofa bed in the living room	This two-bedroom room flat newly-refurbished is located at a walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elyssées. There is large double bedroom with a en-suite bathroom and a small single bedroom and a sofa in the living room Newly refurbished located in the center of Paris. one large double room, one single tiny room and a sofa bed in the living room Free wifi, TV including Canal + channels, fully equiped kitchen Located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris near typical local shops and walking distance from the Eiffel Tower Metro Alma - Marceau  the 4rth person will be in the sofa bed in the living room
3131		"Mon appartement est un peu mon refuge, ma thébaïde. Il y est très chargé de mes souvenirs de ma vie. Ce n'est pas un lieu ""neutre"". Il faut apprécier et respecter... Il est bien situé, dans une rue calme et très centrale et jouit d'une belle lumière."
3132	This flat is located in the 7th district of Paris, at the foot of Invalides, at 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower ! You can enjoy Paris easily : on foot, with the buses (buses stop at 1 minute from the flat) or with the tube (2 minutes from the flat). Furthermore, you can use a taxi thanks to the taxi rank located near the flat.  This beautiful flat is located in the middle of the best monuments of Paris ! The Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Champs Elysées, Montparnasse are very closed ! As well, you can do your shopping or go to the restaurant in the flat street !  It is a contemporary furnished apartment, very comfortable ! With a surface area of 42 square metter, the flat is composed of a living room (with TV, table with 2 chairs, coffee machine, sofa, books, Wifi...).  Also, the bedroom is composed with a double bed, bedclothes and blind. In the bathroom, there is a small bathtub and the WC.  To finish, the small kitchen is equipped with : oven, coffee machine, kettle, dishes, hot p	Invalides : lovely flat in Paris near the Eiffel Tower This flat is located in the 7th district of Paris, at the foot of Invalides, at 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower ! You can enjoy Paris easily : on foot, with the buses (buses stop at 1 minute from the flat) or with the tube (2 minutes from the flat). Furthermore, you can use a taxi thanks to the taxi rank located near the flat.  This beautiful flat is located in the middle of the best monuments of Paris ! The Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Champs Elysées, Montparnasse are very closed ! As well, you can do your shopping or go to the restaurant in the flat street !  It is a contemporary furnished apartment, very comfortable ! With a surface area of 42 square metter, the flat is composed of a living room (with TV, table with 2 chairs, coffee machine, sofa, books, Wifi...).  Also, the bedroom is composed with a double bed, bedclothes and blind. In the bathroom, there is a small bathtub and the WC.  To finish, the small kitchen is equi
3133	Loft lumineux et spacieux,  Situé au 4ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble classique du 18ème siècle. Au 1er niveau vous découvrirez : Un vaste séjour qui bénéficie de 3 grandes fenêtres et d'1 double orientation.  Dans ce séjour, des canapés confortables autour d'1 table basse, une cuisine ouverte et complètement équipée, une table de salle à manger et des chaises, un coin bureau (accès internet en wifi). la cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et entièrement équipée. au 1er niveau se trouve aussi une salle de bains équipée d'une grande baignoire, d'une vasque et de toilettes. Un escalier mène à une grande chambre installée sous les toits, un lit double de 160cm. Le linge de toilette et les draps sont fournis. 	"Loft lumineux et spacieux,  Situé au 4ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble classique du 18ème siècle. Au 1er niveau vous découvrirez : Un vaste séjour qui bénéficie de 3 grandes fenêtres et d'1 double orientation.  Dans ce séjour, des canapés confortables autour d'1 table basse, une cuisine ouverte et complètement équipée, une table de salle à manger et des chaises, un coin bureau (accès internet en wifi). la cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et entièrement équipée. au 1er niveau se trouve aussi une salle de bains équipée d'une grande baignoire, d'une vasque et de toilettes. Un escalier mène à une grande chambre installée sous les toits, un lit double de 160cm. Le linge de toilette et les draps sont fournis. j'accueille les voyageurs, leur présente l'appartement et le quartier. Quartier  très agréable, l'un des plus chic de la capitale. vous trouverez dans la rue les meilleurs pâtissiers de Paris, et aussi le fameux grand magasin ""Bon Marché"". A pied vous découvrirez Sa"
3134	Au cœur du quartier Carré Rive Gauche, rue de l'Université, un studio situé au 1er étage sur cour.  Il se compose d'une pièce principale, d'une petite cuisine indépendante aménagée (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, four, placards en merisier) et d'une salle de bains avec wc.  Le studio est doté d'un parquet, d'un chauffage individuel électrique et bénéficie du calme absolu de la cour pavée.  A proximité, le musée d'Orsay, les quais de Seine et Saint-Germain-des-Prés.	"Au cœur du quartier Carré Rive Gauche, rue de l'Université, un studio de 20m2 situé au 1er étage sur cour.  At the heart of ""Carré Rive Gauche"" area, 20m2 studio situated in rue de l'Université. Au cœur du quartier Carré Rive Gauche, rue de l'Université, un studio situé au 1er étage sur cour.  Il se compose d'une pièce principale, d'une petite cuisine indépendante aménagée (réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, four, placards en merisier) et d'une salle de bains avec wc.  Le studio est doté d'un parquet, d'un chauffage individuel électrique et bénéficie du calme absolu de la cour pavée.  A proximité, le musée d'Orsay, les quais de Seine et Saint-Germain-des-Prés. Saint-Germain-des-Prés À Saint-Germain-des-Prés, tout est chic et tout est beau. Son boulevard principal abrite des terrasses de cafés célèbres, des boutiques de haute couture, des grilles recouvertes de lierre et des restaurants gastronomiques. Des antiquaires et des galeries d'art entourent l'école des beaux-arts et des petits "
3135	- The apartment consists of an entrance, a bedroom with a large bathroom, a kitchen / dining room and a living room with three large windows overlooking the church of St. François Xavier. The view is clear and wooded. South / West. Separate entrance, like a house! Charm and space - wifi - tv - dvd - dishwasher - washing machine - Double bed in the room - 1 single bed in the living room - Bathroom and separate toilet - The building is ideally located in the heart of the 7th district, 5 minutes from the Bon Marché /La Grande Epicerie, the Rodin Museum, Montparnasse and the Ecole Militaire. Metro St. François Xavier - Lines bus to St Germain, Montparnasse, Etoile, jardin du Luxembourg 	- The apartment consists of an entrance, a bedroom with a large bathroom, a kitchen / dining room and a living room with three large windows overlooking the church of St. François Xavier. The view is clear and wooded. South / West. Separate entrance, like a house! Charm and space - wifi - tv - dvd - dishwasher - washing machine - Double bed in the room - 1 single bed in the living room - Bathroom and separate toilet - The building is ideally located in the heart of the 7th district, 5 minutes from the Bon Marché /La Grande Epicerie, the Rodin Museum, Montparnasse and the Ecole Militaire. Metro St. François Xavier - Lines bus to St Germain, Montparnasse, Etoile, jardin du Luxembourg 
3136	Welcome in the heart of Paris,  This very beautiful apartment at the very center of Paris is located rue Chevert not far from the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars and the Military School.  Perfect mix between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and the confort of an apartment. In the very heart of the trendy and historical district of La Tour Maubourg and the rue des Cler in the 7th district of Paris.  Charming building made of dressed stone.  It has a 3 big rooms and a total surface of 60 m2. You will feel like being at your own place in this clean and well decorated Parisian flat.  When you come inside this apartment you arrive in the living room which is a big reception room, with a little corner with a Tv, a dining room and kitchen corner  with a bar and a desk.  You can count 2 totally independent bedrooms with wide and comfortable beds which can welcome 5 travellers. A baby cot is available if you ask for it before hand.  We provide white household linens of good quality and ir	Really pretty apartment in the best district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower and near the rue Cler, the Invalides, the Champs de Mars and the Military School. Welcome in the heart of Paris,  This very beautiful apartment at the very center of Paris is located rue Chevert not far from the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars and the Military School.  Perfect mix between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and the confort of an apartment. In the very heart of the trendy and historical district of La Tour Maubourg and the rue des Cler in the 7th district of Paris.  Charming building made of dressed stone.  It has a 3 big rooms and a total surface of 60 m2. You will feel like being at your own place in this clean and well decorated Parisian flat.  When you come inside this apartment you arrive in the living room which is a big reception room, with a little corner with a Tv, a dining room and kitchen corner  with a bar and a desk.  You can count 2 totally independent bedrooms with wid
3137	This bright 40sqm 1BR apartment on the 2th floor, is located next to street Cler in the chic 7th arrondissement. Can accommodate 4 people. The luminous and spacious living room proposes a sofa (which can be turned into a bed for 2 guests), a coffee table and a table with two chairs. Cable television are also at your disposal. The bedroom proposes a double bed and a large wardrobe. The open kitchen is fully equipped and has an electric stovetop, a sink, a fridge, a coffee maker and an oven microwave. You will also have all dishes and utensils you may need to cook and to receive friends. The bathroom is fitted with a shower, a washbasin with a mirror above and restrooms. Located in the 7th arrondissement, your apartment is just before Rue Cler, known for its open air market. You will appreciate all restaurants, cafes and shops in this quarter. You'll be only few minutes walk from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, as well as the Invalides and the Seine and Saint-germain. METRO:ECOLE	This bright 40sqm 1BR apartment on the 2th floor, is located next to street Cler in the chic 7th arrondissement. Can accommodate 4 people. The luminous and spacious living room proposes a sofa (which can be turned into a bed for 2 guests), a coffee table and a table with two chairs. Cable television are also at your disposal. The bedroom proposes a double bed and a large wardrobe. The open kitchen is fully equipped and has an electric stovetop, a sink, a fridge, a coffee maker and an oven microwave. You will also have all dishes and utensils you may need to cook and to receive friends. The bathroom is fitted with a shower, a washbasin with a mirror above and restrooms. Located in the 7th arrondissement, your apartment is just before Rue Cler, known for its open air market. You will appreciate all restaurants, cafes and shops in this quarter. You'll be only few minutes walk from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, as well as the Invalides and the Seine and Saint-germain. METRO:ECOLE
3138	Enjoy House Boat experience in Downtown Paris !  Old commercial House Boat (in french : Péniche)  transformed by an architect as a real house on the Seine River... Exceptional location in downtown Paris next to the Tuileries' garden, museum of Louvre and museum of Orsay.  5 minutes walking distances to the Champs Elysées.  Address : Port des Champs Elysees (googlemap : Port des Tuileries)  Private bedroom with bathroom & toilet. Ideal for 1 or 2 persons. Separated from other boat's rooms, good privacy.  Direct view on the Seine river and Paris nicest buildings (Eiffel tower, The Louvre, French Parliament,  Grand Palais, Alexander III bridge, etc...)  Private bathroom and toilet refurnished in September 2011   2 single beds room refrigerator available Possibility to use exterior terrasse  extérieur renovated,  About the 1st arrondissement:  The centre of contemporary Paris and the site of such landmarks as the Louvre and of the Tuileries and Palais-Royal, the 1st Arrondissement is full 	Enjoy House Boat experience in Downtown Paris !  Old commercial House Boat (in french : Péniche)  transformed by an architect as a real house on the Seine River... Exceptional location in downtown Paris next to the Tuileries' garden, museum of Louvre and museum of Orsay.  5 minutes walking distances to the Champs Elysées.  Address : Port des Champs Elysees (googlemap : Port des Tuileries)  Private bedroom with bathroom & toilet. Ideal for 1 or 2 persons. Separated from other boat's rooms, good privacy.  Direct view on the Seine river and Paris nicest buildings (Eiffel tower, The Louvre, French Parliament,  Grand Palais, Alexander III bridge, etc...)  Private bathroom and toilet refurnished in September 2011   2 single beds room refrigerator available Possibility to use exterior terrasse  extérieur renovated,  About the 1st arrondissement:  The centre of contemporary Paris and the site of such landmarks as the Louvre and of the Tuileries and Palais-Royal, the 1st Arrondissement is full 
3139	My bright, cozy and design apartment will know how to seduce you with its so-Parisian charm and cachet. In a peaceful street, you will enjoy the comfy double bed and the modern living room, full of light thanks to the big windows, as well as the bathtub – such a rare thing in Paris! Perfectly located in the 7th arrondissement, it is close to both the Luxembourg Garden, the Invalides and, a bit further, the Eiffel Tower.	A short walk away from the beautiful Luxembourg Garden and from the artisty Saint-Germain-des-Prés, in a chic and quiet neighborhood, welcome to my cozy, bright, design & spacious apartment. With the bedroom and the couch, it can host up to 4 people. My bright, cozy and design apartment will know how to seduce you with its so-Parisian charm and cachet. In a peaceful street, you will enjoy the comfy double bed and the modern living room, full of light thanks to the big windows, as well as the bathtub – such a rare thing in Paris! Perfectly located in the 7th arrondissement, it is close to both the Luxembourg Garden, the Invalides and, a bit further, the Eiffel Tower. You’ll have exclusive access to the whole apartment. We leave you a little book with all the informations you need to know about the appartment : our favorites restaurants and store ( there is a supermarket near the appartment), the functionement of the equipements (coffee machine, diswasher…) Give yourself the privileged l
3140	My studio is lovely, well placed and so quiet ! I am sure that you will enjoy the central situation  and the fully furnished equipment !	Enjoy your stay in Paris, living in the heart of the city like a real Parisian! Fully equipped studio in a nice neighbourhood wood with fine food stores, wine sellers, fashion shopping, art galeries, parks & fancy restaurants !             My studio is lovely, well placed and so quiet ! I am sure that you will enjoy the central situation  and the fully furnished equipment ! You can enjoy all the equipments in the flat but with respect because I really appreciate my place :) You can contact by email for additional informations. After booking I will be available by phone whenever you need. Invalides district is really nice ! So typical, near Eiffel tower and in the middle of Paris ! 5 min by walk from Les Invalides (Army Museum and Napoleon tomb's) 10 min from the Eiffel Tower :) 15 min from Saint Germain des Près ( Fancy shops and restaurant like Café de Flore) At 4 minutes by walk, there are two trains station : Metro Saint Francois Xavier : Line 13  Metro Duroc : line 10 & 13 Enjoy an
3141	this apartment is around 45 square meters, with one big bedroom, one big bathroom, a little but functional kitchen, a sofa bed in the living room, so it can easily sleep four persons, perfect for family and friends. the decoration is simple and clean. this apartment is always full of sunshine, and no very close building in front. 	"typical parisian vintage apartment, just one minute walk to the famous shopping mall ""le bon marche"" and ""le grande epicerie"", which are perfect for shopping, cooking and real experience of paris. metro line 10 and 12 are available. this apartment is around 45 square meters, with one big bedroom, one big bathroom, a little but functional kitchen, a sofa bed in the living room, so it can easily sleep four persons, perfect for family and friends. the decoration is simple and clean. this apartment is always full of sunshine, and no very close building in front.  food(depends on how much in the fridge), hair dryer, towels, sheets, pillows.  personally i think this is the best neighborhood in paris. it is very lively during the day, very quite and safe at night, no matter how late you come back home, you will always be safe. it is so close to the best department store in paris( la fayette is nothing compared with le bon marche^), the best supermarket in paris, there you can find the best fo"
3142	This is a brick and stone building. The flat overlooks the courtyard. It is located on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. Light and quite, this two-room flat has a nice volume. The entrance leads to the bathroom that includes WC and a bath tub. In the wooden floor living room, there are a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table, a dresser and a flat screen TV. The equipped kitchen, which opens on the living room, includes a dishwasher and a washing machine. Adjoining to the living room, the bedroom has two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed and a large wardrobe.	This refined apartment provides an ideal location. Located between the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower, you will be able to enjoy Paris as one imagines it. Fully-equipped and functional, you will not encounter any difficulties This is a brick and stone building. The flat overlooks the courtyard. It is located on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. Light and quite, this two-room flat has a nice volume. The entrance leads to the bathroom that includes WC and a bath tub. In the wooden floor living room, there are a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table, a dresser and a flat screen TV. The equipped kitchen, which opens on the living room, includes a dishwasher and a washing machine. Adjoining to the living room, the bedroom has two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed and a large wardrobe. It’s Paris with large spaces. From one side of the Seine River to the other, at the feet of the Eiffel tower, building and prestigious private mansions are lined up with im
3143	The room is on a quiet courtyard and furnished with a very comfortable double bed, drawers, a desk, a clothes rack..and an extensive collection of Paris maps and guidebooks.  Located in a very safe, quiet and central neighborhood, you will enjoy the typical Parisian lifestyle. We would be very happy to welcome you in our extraordinary ancient Parisian apartment (plastering, parquet, fireplace) of 80m2 (861 sq feet) which has been freshly renovated and decorated with a mix of modern & ancient furniture. The Apartment is made of one living room, one dining room, one bathroom (toilets are separated) and one very cute separated kitchen. The unit is at the third floor with lift. Located in the heart of Paris in the 7th arrondissement, our place is very close from Champs Elysee, famous museums, shopping area (avenue Montaigne), café & restaurants. You would enjoy typical Parisian lively atmosphere while staying in a very calm & very safe neighbourhood. The location is so convenient that you 	We are offering a 10 m2 room in the apartment in which we are living, located in the heart of the city, a beautiful area at the corner of the Eiffel Tower! Our neighborhood is very convenient with plenty restaurants, museums & shops while very quiet. The room is on a quiet courtyard and furnished with a very comfortable double bed, drawers, a desk, a clothes rack..and an extensive collection of Paris maps and guidebooks.  Located in a very safe, quiet and central neighborhood, you will enjoy the typical Parisian lifestyle. We would be very happy to welcome you in our extraordinary ancient Parisian apartment (plastering, parquet, fireplace) of 80m2 (861 sq feet) which has been freshly renovated and decorated with a mix of modern & ancient furniture. The Apartment is made of one living room, one dining room, one bathroom (toilets are separated) and one very cute separated kitchen. The unit is at the third floor with lift. Located in the heart of Paris in the 7th arrondissement, our place
3144	The apartment is bright and offers all commodities. It’s a comfy place that oozes elegance and contemporary style, making it the perfect choice for a family of 5 guests visiting Paris. A great array of modern furniture pieces, little accessories, and innovative materials make up this space unique. This apartment is ideally situated in an up-scale sought-after area of Paris 7.	It’s an outstanding 140sqm modern 3 bedroom apartment facing the Esplanade des Invalides. The layout consists of an entrance hall with a dining room, three bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, dressing room and equipped kitchen. The apartment is bright and offers all commodities. It’s a comfy place that oozes elegance and contemporary style, making it the perfect choice for a family of 5 guests visiting Paris. A great array of modern furniture pieces, little accessories, and innovative materials make up this space unique. This apartment is ideally situated in an up-scale sought-after area of Paris 7. - Living & dining room : the wide living and dining room are south oriented and very sunny with large double glazed windows facing street. The rooms are furnished with refined and contemporary furniture with large closets and cabinets. The dining area has a modern dining table with 6 chairs, and a beautiful arco lamp remarkable by his elegance and its exceptional dimensions. The luminous sour
3145	Nice and comfortable apartment, ideal for a couple, or a couple with a kid. Located in a prestigious and calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is placed in a little walking distance to the Eiffel Tower (400 m), the American University, and to the well-known lively & shopping  street of Rue Cler.  There is a next door supermarket, many bistrots & gastronomic restaurants, and nice pubs and cafes in the area regularly and mostly frequented by tourists, artists and young people. Located in a very quiet building, this brand new flat on courtyard is provided with a shower room and a living room with a sofa bed. At the 3rd Floor, through an easy and pretty wide stairway.  . Fully equiped kitchen : oven, micro-wave, washing machine, Nespresso Coffe machine, kitchen utensils ... . Bathroom with shower, hairdryer . High speed internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD . Linen and towels included . Vacuum cleaner, ironing table & ironer . Wardrobe, closet The nearest	Nice and comfortable apartment, ideal for a couple, or a couple with a kid. Located in a prestigious and calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is placed in a little walking distance to the Eiffel Tower (400 m), the American University, and to the well-known lively & shopping  street of Rue Cler.  There is a next door supermarket, many bistrots & gastronomic restaurants, and nice pubs and cafes in the area regularly and mostly frequented by tourists, artists and young people. Located in a very quiet building, this brand new flat on courtyard is provided with a shower room and a living room with a sofa bed. At the 3rd Floor, through an easy and pretty wide stairway.  . Fully equiped kitchen : oven, micro-wave, washing machine, Nespresso Coffe machine, kitchen utensils ... . Bathroom with shower, hairdryer . High speed internet access Wi Fi, TV set HD . Linen and towels included . Vacuum cleaner, ironing table & ironer . Wardrobe, closet The nearest
3146	The apartment is located on the ground floor of an old hôtel particulier. The flat faces a one-way street. With its beautiful clearance, this lovely studio can welcome four people. Beuatifully decorated and perfectly designed, it is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed, the BZ type, a dining table with four place settings, a dresser and a flat screen TV. The kictchenette is equipped with hotplates, a fridge and a washing machine. Accessible with a ladder, the mezzanine offers another 140 cm bedding for two people. The overall forms a lovely living room with warm colors. In the small bathroom, there are the shower tub and the WC.	Located near the Matignon gardens and the department store Bon Marché, this is the perfect place for a rental with reduced budget in a residential neighborhood. Functional and enjoyable, this is a light studio with contemporary touch The apartment is located on the ground floor of an old hôtel particulier. The flat faces a one-way street. With its beautiful clearance, this lovely studio can welcome four people. Beuatifully decorated and perfectly designed, it is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed, the BZ type, a dining table with four place settings, a dresser and a flat screen TV. The kictchenette is equipped with hotplates, a fridge and a washing machine. Accessible with a ladder, the mezzanine offers another 140 cm bedding for two people. The overall forms a lovely living room with warm colors. In the small bathroom, there are the shower tub and the WC. Built during the Second Empire, the Rue de Rennes is one of the most vibrant streets in the 6th district of Paris. Make sure to visit
3147	Charming 754 sq ft (70 sq meters) apartment, renovated as a hotel suite, with 4 rooms bathed in sunlight thanks to a double exposure. One calm and relaxing bedroom with a queen size real bed, one cozy and welcoming living room, one office which accomodate an extra queen size air bed, one fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction cooktop) w/ granit and marble, one dining room, one lovely marble bathroom w/ a bathtub, two separated lavatories in marble.	Unique luxury appartement in the heart of Paris, in a 1830's historical building ideally located near the Eiffel tower and the Champs Élysées. You'll feel like in a deluxe suite on the charming La Fontaine de Mars place surrounded by the best restaurants and bakeries in town. Charming 754 sq ft (70 sq meters) apartment, renovated as a hotel suite, with 4 rooms bathed in sunlight thanks to a double exposure. One calm and relaxing bedroom with a queen size real bed, one cozy and welcoming living room, one office which accomodate an extra queen size air bed, one fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, induction cooktop) w/ granit and marble, one dining room, one lovely marble bathroom w/ a bathtub, two separated lavatories in marble. Our guests will fully have the use of the apartment during their stay. Every room is at their disposal. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a historical building and is provided with an elevator. We are 
3148	In the heart of the chic 7th, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d'Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees. Comfortable 1 bedroom apartment on a quiet street, first floor, no elevator, 2 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, 5-10 minutes walking distance from Les Invalides and Rodin Museum. The apartment 25 m² consists in a living room with sofa and kitchen, bedroom with queen size sofa bed and a bathroom with shower. It includes Internet Wi-Fi, TV, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker. It is located in a very convenient position, ideal for visiting Paris, the 7th arrondissement on the Left Bank of Seine. The apartment is in an extremely quiet residential area, in typical French style. It can be reached through a garden. The area is well served by grocery stores. A supermarket is around the corner and a famous bakery Moulin de la vierge in front of the appartment. Accès des voyageurs This is your place, make yourself at home. If anything, i am always a	In the heart of the chic 7th, close to the Eiffel Tower, Musee d'Orsay, Invalides, St Germain des Pres, and the Champs Elysees.
3149	Right at the heart of Paris thus quiet, its location is ideal. 2 steps away from la Concorde and les Invalides, and 5 minutes walking to streets, shops and madness of Saint Germain-des-Près. The furniture is classy, stylish and of high quality, this is why we encourage our guests to be careful and kind with it.  We usually host individuals or couples and occasionally families with 1 child that can sleep on the sofa-bed.  For more convenience and also to be able to invite friends over for dinner, there are 2 bathrooms, including one with a shower and WC at the apartment's entrance.  We ask for 60€ to participate to cleaning fees.	Right at the heart of Paris thus quiet, its location is ideal. 2 steps away from la Concorde and les Invalides, and 5 minutes walking to streets, shops and madness of Saint Germain-des-Près. The furniture is classy, stylish and of high quality, this is why we encourage our guests to be careful and kind with it.  We usually host individuals or couples and occasionally families with 1 child that can sleep on the sofa-bed.  For more convenience and also to be able to invite friends over for dinner, there are 2 bathrooms, including one with a shower and WC at the apartment's entrance.  We ask for 60€ to participate to cleaning fees. This appartement is easily accessible: - from the Orly airport: there is a Cars Air France stop at the Invalides - from the Roissy-CDG airport: the Cars Air France will take you to Place de l'Étoile where you can take a cab or the metro - There are 2 metro station close to the apartment: Invalides (3 minutes walk) and Assemblée Nationale (2 minutes walk) Bed li
3150	The charming little studio on the ground floor overlooking a very clean quiet courtyard with white walls 2 minutes walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower :) With a 120cm bed mezzaninne ,Internet, shower, toilet , kitchenette white mozaique with microwave and fridge, large penderie.Une bench with storage endessous . Parquet floor .	"Small studio with lovely stone wall ideal for one person or young couple who wants to enjoy Paris at lower cost. 120 cm bed Mezzanine.Shower, Toilet , Kitchenette,Large Closet. Quiet street 2 minutes from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. The charming little studio on the ground floor overlooking a very clean quiet courtyard with white walls 2 minutes walk from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower :) With a 120cm bed mezzaninne ,Internet, shower, toilet , kitchenette white mozaique with microwave and fridge, large penderie.Une bench with storage endessous . Parquet floor . Travelers have access to everything in the small studio which is equipped. Fridge , microwave, washer, kettle, World Wide Web. By E-mail, sms and Phone This is a charming neighborhood next to the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower .  The aerian is full of shops, two laundries in the street. The market"" Rue Clerc"" with lots of terraces and  restaurants.The famous restaurant ""Chez Constant"" is on the corner "
3151	The apartment is very spacious with 130 sq meters, comfortable, full of character and decorated with select pieces of art.  It is fully furnished and equipped including a dishwasher, Nespresso machine, air conditioning, WiFi, washer and dryer machine, etc.	A stylish apartment in a beautiful historical building. Located on a quiet street steps away from the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars and Invalides. Live for a while in the heart of Paris, 'le très chic' arrondissement of Paris, the 7th. The apartment is very spacious with 130 sq meters, comfortable, full of character and decorated with select pieces of art.  It is fully furnished and equipped including a dishwasher, Nespresso machine, air conditioning, WiFi, washer and dryer machine, etc. Instructions about the house and the details about the neighborhood  will be provided to you. Minimal.  However, we are available for questions if needed. You can easily access everything.  With a 5 minute walk there are grocery stores, pharmacies, bakeries, restaurants and a charming French market.  It is also near the famous 'Rue Cler' a Parisian style street with lovely shops and restaurants. You can walk to several of the main attractions in Paris including the Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, and Champ 
3152	First of all, you need to know that 1min by foot from home there is the RUE CLER, the best street in the neighborhood. Beautiful cobblestone pedestrian street market, the Rue Cler is a wonderful place to stroll and experience Parisian city living. Greengrocers, fishmongers, butchers, wine and cheese shops amongst cafes and restaurant line both sides of the street. Very romantic. Well, this street is a great place to take a sightseeing break and this street is off the tourist radar. Opened all week except on Mondays (opened on Sundays!).  BEDROOM: romantic white bedroom, king size bed, clean sheets than smell fresh and tidy, many space in the cupboard, night tables, view from the window on the Invalides Museum (Napoléon's), Persian carpet. LIVING ROOM: ample and luminous living room with a wonderful Persian carpet, many books, beautiful green plants, big TV, high wifi, Haitian paintings, comfy sofa that can accommodate 2 extra people, unique view from the window on the Invalides Museum.	Bonjour! Cosy and welcoming spacious apartment. Romantic bedroom; spacious living-room; luminous and fully-equipped kitchen (fridge, frizzer, microwave); big bathroom with bath, soap shampoo and towels, and toilets. 5mins walking from Eiffel Tower. First of all, you need to know that 1min by foot from home there is the RUE CLER, the best street in the neighborhood. Beautiful cobblestone pedestrian street market, the Rue Cler is a wonderful place to stroll and experience Parisian city living. Greengrocers, fishmongers, butchers, wine and cheese shops amongst cafes and restaurant line both sides of the street. Very romantic. Well, this street is a great place to take a sightseeing break and this street is off the tourist radar. Opened all week except on Mondays (opened on Sundays!).  BEDROOM: romantic white bedroom, king size bed, clean sheets than smell fresh and tidy, many space in the cupboard, night tables, view from the window on the Invalides Museum (Napoléon's), Persian carpet. LI
3153		Nice flat 25m2 for rent in the 7th neigbourhood, near Tour Eiffel, Invalides and St Germain des Près. Metro Duroc / Sèvre Lecourbe . Very calm and the area is very nice.
3154	Lumineux appartement meublé refait à neuf de 30 m2 , dans un immeuble XVIIIe siècle, au 4e étage, dans une petite rue calme et préservée, à 5 min du Bd de St Germain, rue du Bac et de la Seine. L'appartement est desservi par une petite entrée avec wc indépendant, puis une chambre sur cour, une salle d'eau avec douche , une belle pièce de séjour de 17m2 éclairée par 2 fenêtres aux garde-corps en fonte exposée au Sud avec vue en retrait sur une façade en pierre ouvragée. La cuisine ouverte comprend tout le confort électroménager. Sol en parquet.	Well located in a calm, charming street between the Seine and the animated bd St Germain, rue des St Pères & rue du Bac.  5-10 min walking distance from Orsay & Louvre museum.  Recently renovated  2 rooms apartment south oriented close from 3 different metro lines (4, 10, 12) and RER C station The apartment is located on the 4th floor, THERE IS NO LIFT !
3155	Studio well equipped located in a secure building of the 7th district of Paris (7ème arrondissement). The security of the building is made by a door code and two other lockable gates or intercom. Located on the first floor with elevator, this studio has just been refurbished offers the advantages needed for a great stay in Paris. Designed by architect, it has 26m2, a real comfortable double bed embedded in the wall that can be easily saved, turning the room into a living room and TV. The studio also has a sofa, plasma TV, chairs and fully equipped kitchen. Despite the small kitchen you will find: two electric hobs, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, kettle, oven, microwave, cooking utensils in general and dishwashing machine. The charming Italian bathroom with shower, toilet and toilet also accommodates a washing machine and clothes dryer towels. The Studio has black-outs shutters, leaving the perfect environment par a good night's sleep. Internet fiber optic high speed and telephone wit	New studio renovated by architect. Functional and well equipped, with two steps of the main sights of Paris. Studio well equipped located in a secure building of the 7th district of Paris (7ème arrondissement). The security of the building is made by a door code and two other lockable gates or intercom. Located on the first floor with elevator, this studio has just been refurbished offers the advantages needed for a great stay in Paris. Designed by architect, it has 26m2, a real comfortable double bed embedded in the wall that can be easily saved, turning the room into a living room and TV. The studio also has a sofa, plasma TV, chairs and fully equipped kitchen. Despite the small kitchen you will find: two electric hobs, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, kettle, oven, microwave, cooking utensils in general and dishwashing machine. The charming Italian bathroom with shower, toilet and toilet also accommodates a washing machine and clothes dryer towels. The Studio has black-outs shutters
3156	Logement propre, toute dégradation, murs, matériels, équipements, estvredevable	Télévision, cuisine, douche, wifi, près des commerces, près tour Eiffel, champs Elysées, calme, propre, transports, accueillant, 2 eme étage, voisins sympathiques Logement propre, toute dégradation, murs, matériels, équipements, estvredevable Accès totale Disponibilité totale Quartier de la tour Eiffel Transports en commun ; métro, bus, taxis, autolib, velib Profitez de votre séjour à Paris
3157		Beau studio au coeur de Paris pouvant accueillir une ou deux personnes. De préférence un couple.  A proximité de la tour eiffel montparnasse école militaire cambronne invalides. En gros en plein coeur de Paris. Studio douillet manquant de rien.
3158	Studio is spacious (45sq.m.) and comfortable, can accommodate up to 4 people but ideal for 2-3 (real bed and a unfoldable sofa-bed). Open plan kitchen has all the equipment needed - a fridge, oven, cooking panel, microwave oven, toaster and a dishwasher. Modern bathroom has got both a shower and a proper bathtub and a washing machine. WC is separated.  Guests will be provided with towels and bed linen as well as with cable TV and WiFi of a very good quality.  Living in the most elegant and flamboyant part of Paris - 7 Arrondisement - will add to your overall impression of a holiday. The street is historically very famous for having great hotels and Napoleon's Fountains. Extreme proximity to Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, Palais des Invalides, Ecole Militaire, Grand and Petit Palais, Embankment and Musée d'Orsay, makes the area safe and sophisticated. It's full of great restaurants, cafés, there are supermarkets, bakeries, parking 24/7 and other facilities within 50m distance from the apa	"Unusually spacious studio in 7 Arrondisement of Paris, walking distance to Eiffel Tower and many other sites. Located in a vibrant and sophisticated area, that has plenty of amenities to offer incl. promenade ""Marché rue Cler"". Studio is spacious (45sq.m.) and comfortable, can accommodate up to 4 people but ideal for 2-3 (real bed and a unfoldable sofa-bed). Open plan kitchen has all the equipment needed - a fridge, oven, cooking panel, microwave oven, toaster and a dishwasher. Modern bathroom has got both a shower and a proper bathtub and a washing machine. WC is separated.  Guests will be provided with towels and bed linen as well as with cable TV and WiFi of a very good quality.  Living in the most elegant and flamboyant part of Paris - 7 Arrondisement - will add to your overall impression of a holiday. The street is historically very famous for having great hotels and Napoleon's Fountains. Extreme proximity to Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, Palais des Invalides, Ecole Militaire, Gran"
3159	l'emplacement!!! Tour eiffeil	Photos and Description of this holiday apartment EIFFEIL TOWER, In a beautiful area in paris, this modern apartment, quiet and comfortable. 1 bedroom (separate), a separate kitchen, a living room with a sofa bed and a bathroom with bath and shower. METRO TUBE LIGNE 7
3160	Designed by an architect, this charming and typical french studio apartment will be your oasis, whether you will be studying, working or visiting. The apartment features a kitchen with washer and dryer, microwave/oven, fridge with freezer and a cooking table. You will also find lots of little storage areas in the apartment and you will have usuage of a storage a couple doors down. 	Located steps away from Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, you will be staying in one of the most prestigious neighborhood of Paris. Within walking distance to Trocadero, Invalides and the Seine banks. You'll be staying in a typical Parisian studio. Designed by an architect, this charming and typical french studio apartment will be your oasis, whether you will be studying, working or visiting. The apartment features a kitchen with washer and dryer, microwave/oven, fridge with freezer and a cooking table. You will also find lots of little storage areas in the apartment and you will have usuage of a storage a couple doors down.  You will have the full apartment to yourself, private bathroom and toilets. The 7th arrondissement is one of the nicest quarter of Paris with parks, fountains, monuments and trendy cofees and cafes.  The apartment is centrally located and close to subway and bus stations. You can also rent bikes at a nearby bike station or walk as you will be closed to some of t
3161	This apartment has a real parisian soul that you will love.  Situated on the 1st floor, it's a very beautiful, quiet (double glazings) and bright apartment nicely and soberly decorated, with double exposure (street and courtyard), of 62m2. One living room with a couch that pulls into a bed and a separate bedroom with queen size bed (160x200), fitted kitchen and a bathroom with italian shower.  Fully featured : fast internet wireless connexion, Stereo, Nespresso coffee machine, Fridge, microwave, dish washer, washing machine, TV, all appliances for your comfort!  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge.	Welcome to Paris!  The apartment is located in a prime area (The Golden Triangle) 3 min away from the Eiffel Tower in a street calm and secured.  *** Special gift for honeymoon trip *** This apartment has a real parisian soul that you will love.  Situated on the 1st floor, it's a very beautiful, quiet (double glazings) and bright apartment nicely and soberly decorated, with double exposure (street and courtyard), of 62m2. One living room with a couch that pulls into a bed and a separate bedroom with queen size bed (160x200), fitted kitchen and a bathroom with italian shower.  Fully featured : fast internet wireless connexion, Stereo, Nespresso coffee machine, Fridge, microwave, dish washer, washing machine, TV, all appliances for your comfort!  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. Full privacy.  I will be around if you need anyhting and to give you the keys and take them back. Available to give you tips and good advices during your 
3162		No melhor ponto de St Germain, Rue de Bac com Rue de Varenne, pertissimo do Bon Marche e da Chapelle da Medalha Miraculosa, o apartamento 'e ensolarado, grande, pe direito altissimo, vista para a rua com varanda. Predio com elevador. Super Charme em St Germain.
3163	Nice appartment (2 chemnies and ancient woodfloor), 5 minutes walk from the Tour Eiffel. Smart and retro-style decoration, very well laid-out, quiet street, very close to main turistical places (Champs-Elysées, Invalides, Opéra, Montparnasse). The neighbourhoud is very alive. Lift elevator.  My flat is located in a 1920 building, which was renovated as time went by, but keeping its 1920’s charm. It’s wery well laid-out for its surface (31 m2). It is composed with two separated rooms, both of them have an independent access to the bathroom. It has 2 1920 chemnies, and an ancient woodfloor which make the apartment very warm and welcoming. It’s very calm and and sunny.  The bathroom has just been renovated, the kitchen hasn’nt been renovated yet. I live in this place, thus it is very well furnished (Fridge and deep-freezer, electric fan, boiler for the water, hair dryer, coffee machine, Iron and its table, washing machine, printing machine, oven, hi fi and wifi…)	Nice appartment (2 chemnies and ancient woodfloor), 5 minutes walk from the Tour Eiffel. Smart and retro-style decoration, very well laid-out, quiet street, very close to main turistical places (Champs-Elysées, Invalides, Opéra, Montparnasse). The neighbourhoud is very alive. Lift elevator.  My flat is located in a 1920 building, which was renovated as time went by, but keeping its 1920’s charm. It’s wery well laid-out for its surface (31 m2). It is composed with two separated rooms, both of them have an independent access to the bathroom. It has 2 1920 chemnies, and an ancient woodfloor which make the apartment very warm and welcoming. It’s very calm and and sunny.  The bathroom has just been renovated, the kitchen hasn’nt been renovated yet. I live in this place, thus it is very well furnished (Fridge and deep-freezer, electric fan, boiler for the water, hair dryer, coffee machine, Iron and its table, washing machine, printing machine, oven, hi fi and wifi…) I am available with my mo
3164		Extremely Central and Cosy apartment with all comodities (close to metro/bus stations, groceries , bakery ; fully equiped) You will enjoy an amazing and privative view on Musee Rodin gardens. Feel free to ask any questions :) (3rd f. w/o elevator)
3165		Ce petit appartement charmant est situé au coeur de Paris (6ème arrondissement) dans le quartier des antiquaires et des galeries d'art,  à 2 pas de Saint-Germain des Près et de ses  cafés célèbres. Situé au 5ème étage par ascenceur avec balcon. Metros, bus
3166	Rue de l'université is a rather quiet street in the heart of the city. The appartment is comfortable for 2 people (100 euro/night). But can fit for three or four people( for ex. 2 couples or a couple and 1 or 2 children) ( 30 euros extra pp) There is a double bed (1.90x1.40) and an Ikea sofa bed ( 2X1.60) It lays on the 4th floor (without lift) of a charming typical Parisian building  It is very bright ( 5 windows)  There are 3 rooms: One living/eating room with a perfectly equipped kitchenette, and 2 sleeping rooms. There is a bath/shower in the bathroom There is WIFI, TV, Hifi and a  piano 	Bright and comfortable apartment in the heart of the city! Very near from the quays of the Seine, the Eiffeltower, the main Museums and the Champs-Elysées. Many boutiques, good restaurants and supermarkets in the neighborhood   Rue de l'université is a rather quiet street in the heart of the city. The appartment is comfortable for 2 people (100 euro/night). But can fit for three or four people( for ex. 2 couples or a couple and 1 or 2 children) ( 30 euros extra pp) There is a double bed (1.90x1.40) and an Ikea sofa bed ( 2X1.60) It lays on the 4th floor (without lift) of a charming typical Parisian building  It is very bright ( 5 windows)  There are 3 rooms: One living/eating room with a perfectly equipped kitchenette, and 2 sleeping rooms. There is a bath/shower in the bathroom There is WIFI, TV, Hifi and a  piano The guests will have access to all my apartment. I will leave when they arrive. The only things: It is my living place and I ask my guests to show discretion with  my belong
3167	"Nice typical Parisian building with a secured access by the use of a code. The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th and last floor with an elevator. Note that there are a few stairs to get to the elevator. Very nice apartment to rent in Paris of 35 m2 full of charm, with beautiful exposed beams. It consists of a beautiful main room with a kitchen that is fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bath with a shower. This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris."	"This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Nice typical Parisian building with a secured access by the use of a code. The Paris rental apartment is on the 4th and last floor with an elevator. Note that there are a few stairs to get to the elevator. Very nice apartment to rent in Paris of 35 m2 full of charm, with beautiful exposed beams. It consists of a beautiful main room with a kitchen that is fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed (160 * 200). The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bath with a shower. This vacation rental is ideally located in the heart of Saint Germain des Pres, with superb open views over the rooftops of Paris, and is an exceptional ""pied a terre"" for an unforgettable stay in Paris. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any"
3168	In one of the most exclusive areas of the capital. DISTRICT The apartment is located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and the Hotel des Invalides. This is a prestigious neighborhood where you will find the Hotel Matignon, Military School, the National Assembly. Guests have access to extensive public garden of the Champs de Mars dominated by the Eiffel Tower. BUILDING The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained. APARTMENT 2nd floor without elevator, the apartment is very calm and clear - Fully equipped kitchen: ceramic hob, oven, microwave, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat: dishes, pots, cups, glasses. - Living room with sofa bed for 2 people. - Bathroom with shower, heated towel rail and WC. - Bedroom with real bed 2 people, very quiet. SERVICES AND FACILITIES For short term rentals (less than a month), towels and linens are provided, as well as clean	In one of the most exclusive areas of the capital. DISTRICT The apartment is located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower and the Hotel des Invalides. This is a prestigious neighborhood where you will find the Hotel Matignon, Military School, the National Assembly. Guests have access to extensive public garden of the Champs de Mars dominated by the Eiffel Tower. BUILDING The building is typically Parisian, this is a secure building which dates from the late nineteenth century. It is very well maintained. APARTMENT 2nd floor without elevator, the apartment is very calm and clear - Fully equipped kitchen: ceramic hob, oven, microwave, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat: dishes, pots, cups, glasses. - Living room with sofa bed for 2 people. - Bathroom with shower, heated towel rail and WC. - Bedroom with real bed 2 people, very quiet. SERVICES AND FACILITIES For short term rentals (less than a month), towels and linens are provided, as well as clean
3169	AMENITIES: -Spacious open-plan living, kitchen and dining area -Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in center of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire (Line 8) This spacious apartment is located in the beautiful 7th arrondissement on the fourth floor of a secure, coded residential apartment building.  On entering the apartment, you are greeted by a spacious living, kitchen and dining area.  There are large windows to allow for natural sunlight to pour in during the day.  In the living area, you will find a comfortable sofa which can be converted into a bed to accommdate a third guest.  There is lots of closet space to store all of your belongings.  You will also find a flat screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language cable channels.  There is a dining table and four chairs where you can sit and enjoy a homecooked meal.  The kitchen is also well equipped for your stay. There is a 4 plate electri	1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, 1 Open Living, Dining and Kitchen Area, Sleeps 3 AMENITIES: -Spacious open-plan living, kitchen and dining area -Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom -Free high-speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in center of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire (Line 8) This spacious apartment is located in the beautiful 7th arrondissement on the fourth floor of a secure, coded residential apartment building.  On entering the apartment, you are greeted by a spacious living, kitchen and dining area.  There are large windows to allow for natural sunlight to pour in during the day.  In the living area, you will find a comfortable sofa which can be converted into a bed to accommdate a third guest.  There is lots of closet space to store all of your belongings.  You will also find a flat screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language cable channels.  There is a dining table and four chairs where you can sit and enjoy a homecooked meal.  The
3170	Very nice and convenient apt in the earth of Paris, 2 blocks from the Eiffel tower and near many museums	The apt is located, rue de l'université, in the 7th district on the left bank. It's a very safe area. It's one block from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower and in front of the Quai Branly museum. It's also : - In front of the museum and Garden Very nice and convenient apt in the earth of Paris, 2 blocks from the Eiffel tower and near many museums
3171	Located on the third floor of a classic building with an elevator, the apartment has four large windows overlooking private gardens and is truly very quiet. The entry vestibule opens into a spacious living room. This is a wonderfully light and elegant room with traditional high ceilings with molded trim and large windows overlooking a beautiful private garden. The furnishings are a mix of classic and designer pieces, wonderfully combined with art and other decor pieces to give a real elegant Parisian touch. These include a beautiful cream Italian marble dining table and a huge designer couch with soft cushions that can be used as a single bed. All the other rooms lead from the living room. Equipment includes a flat screen Cable TV, Bose Stereo, DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi and free North America land line calls. There are two bedrooms overlooking quiet private gardens, one with a queen size bed and the second with a double bed. Each bed has a top quality mattress, pillows and good qu	This deluxe 2 bedroom apartment (538 Sq. Ft., sleeps 5) was renovated in 2010 and is located on the Left Bank of Paris in the center of the Saint Germain des Pres district, just a few minutes stroll from the church of St. Germain des Pres Located on the third floor of a classic building with an elevator, the apartment has four large windows overlooking private gardens and is truly very quiet. The entry vestibule opens into a spacious living room. This is a wonderfully light and elegant room with traditional high ceilings with molded trim and large windows overlooking a beautiful private garden. The furnishings are a mix of classic and designer pieces, wonderfully combined with art and other decor pieces to give a real elegant Parisian touch. These include a beautiful cream Italian marble dining table and a huge designer couch with soft cushions that can be used as a single bed. All the other rooms lead from the living room. Equipment includes a flat screen Cable TV, Bose Stereo, DSL In
3172		55 m2, 1er étage, immeuble standing, Quai de Seine, quartier piéton et commerçant des rues Saint Dominique et rue Clerc, Eglise américaine, Musées Branly et Orsay. RER, métro, bus, AutoLib' et taxi à proximité immédiate.
3173	Appartement dans une rue très prisée de Paris: - Tour Eiffel à droite - Invalides à Gauche - magasins les plus connus et chics dans la rue  - restaurant étoilé en face  - métro à 2 pas  De plus le confort de ce studio vous permettra de profiter au mieux de votre séjour parisien. 	Ce studio cosy, totalement rénové peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il se situe au cœur de la rue St-Dominique, rue très commerçante située entre les Invalides et la Tour Eiffel. Proche de la Seine c'est un lieu central pour découvrir le tout Paris  Appartement dans une rue très prisée de Paris: - Tour Eiffel à droite - Invalides à Gauche - magasins les plus connus et chics dans la rue  - restaurant étoilé en face  - métro à 2 pas  De plus le confort de ce studio vous permettra de profiter au mieux de votre séjour parisien.  L'appartement vous est totalement dédié, vous pouvez utiliser tous les équipements qui s'y trouvent. Je réponds aux emails rapidement mais si vous le préférez vous pouvez me joindre par téléphone en semaine jusqu'à 20h et le week-end et jours fériés de 10h à 16h. Parfait pour visiter Paris. Nous travaillons avec un chauffeur et pouvons organiser vos transferts. Le tarif dépend de votre lieu d'arrivée. Métro à 5 minutes à pieds - Tour Maubourg Les toilettes sont équipées
3174	"the appartment is in a calm district. Before it was the ols stables of the ""hôtel particulier"". "	"In the center of Paris. Near few muséum (Louvre, Orsay, Rodin...). All transports (Bus, subway, RER trains), very quiet district, in a litlle court with trees and flowers. With restaurants, café, supermarket, backeries... the appartment is in a calm district. Before it was the ols stables of the ""hôtel particulier"".  I'll be there when you're arrived. If you want informations about the district, I wrote a guide... but in French! You can see on a map all the advantages of my district! If you need informations during your journey, I'll be there or I'll give you the number phone of one personn you could contact. Also I organise visits of the districts of Paris : 1 pers./15 €, a couple /28€, one couple with a kid/ 35€ and a couple with 2 children/ 40€. Each visit During 1.30/2.00 hours. You'll have reductions one the price! You're in a calm district, around the ministeres and ambassies. You get backer, butcher, supermarket, pharmacy (...) and near there few museums (Louvre, Orsay, Rodin, G"
3175	This apartment of 80 m ² with a nice view on the Eiffel Tower, has a big stay / dining room, a chamber with double bed and plasma screen, wc, bathroom with shower/jacuzzi fully equipped kitchen/ bar American. The apartment is situated Avenue de la Bourdonnais in the VIIth district just a step from Champ-de-Mars ( park), near metro École Militaire, just down you will find one of the best french bakery's Les gourmandises d'eiffel, plenty of fine restaurants, rue Cler (traffic-free since 1984) the street is lined with essential shops, wine, cheese, chocolate, bread, flowers, delicatesse food  as well as a bank and a post office. In the 7th floor of a beautiful building of the 19th century and can welcome 4 persons. This apartment is equipped with: oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, Nespresso machine, a wash machine / tumble-dryer, a dishwasher, cabled chaines, television plasma, an unlimited high-speed Internet access. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, covers(blankets), pillows, 	Paris 7 - Métro Ecole Militaire One of the best location in Paris This apartment of 80 m ² with a nice view on the Eiffel Tower, has a big stay / dining room, a chamber with double bed and plasma screen, wc, bathroom with shower/jacuzzi fully equipped kitchen/ bar American. The apartment is situated Avenue de la Bourdonnais in the VIIth district just a step from Champ-de-Mars ( park), near metro École Militaire, just down you will find one of the best french bakery's Les gourmandises d'eiffel, plenty of fine restaurants, rue Cler (traffic-free since 1984) the street is lined with essential shops, wine, cheese, chocolate, bread, flowers, delicatesse food  as well as a bank and a post office. In the 7th floor of a beautiful building of the 19th century and can welcome 4 persons. This apartment is equipped with: oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, Nespresso machine, a wash machine / tumble-dryer, a dishwasher, cabled chaines, television plasma, an unlimited high-speed Internet access. This a
3176	This is a large furnished studio of 39 m2 (420 sq. ft) located rue de Sèvres, in the 7th arrondissement. At the top floor (8th) with a large elevator. Features.: - A separate entrance, - A hallway / dressing (dressing contains my personal affairs, however spaces will be provided for your utilization) - An equipped kitchen (cooking ceramic hob, microwave, extra oven, toaster, double sink), - A bathroom, - A large main room (with alcove with a double bed 140*200 cm) with a clear view to Paris northwest (view of the dome of the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, ..) - Shutters on every window (totally occulting)	"Charming, sunny and comfortable 39 square meters (420 sq. ft) apartment located directly on ""rue de Sèvres"" (7th arrondissement), in the heart of la Rive Gauche.  Offers a breathtaking view on les Invalides, la Tour Eiffel and Montmartre. This is a large furnished studio of 39 m2 (420 sq. ft) located rue de Sèvres, in the 7th arrondissement. At the top floor (8th) with a large elevator. Features.: - A separate entrance, - A hallway / dressing (dressing contains my personal affairs, however spaces will be provided for your utilization) - An equipped kitchen (cooking ceramic hob, microwave, extra oven, toaster, double sink), - A bathroom, - A large main room (with alcove with a double bed 140*200 cm) with a clear view to Paris northwest (view of the dome of the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, ..) - Shutters on every window (totally occulting) The apartment is located in a modern building protected by a code and an intercom or an access badge. You'll have access to the whole apar"
3177		A single apartment, located 5 minutes walk from the theater district of Saint Germain, the Ecole Militaire for museums, such as the Rodin museum, the Invalides where Napoleon is buried ... and all for shopping ... Located on the first floor in front 
3178	We have a large living / kitchen 50m2 dominated by a mezzanine overlooking our terrace with a table for dining, a barbecue and seating. There is a master suite with bathroom and three children's bedrooms with 1 bathroom. The apartment is well confortable and pleasant. WARNING! For long periods (more than 10 days), we can transform one of the child single room in a room with a double bed!  	  Paris heart (Invalides, Champs de Mars, Champs Élysées, St Germain). Family apartment 165 (website hidden) floor terrace (25m2), quiet, overlooking the Eiffel Tower and Paris roofs exceptional.Secure building. Busy street and typically Parisian (restaurants) We have a large living / kitchen 50m2 dominated by a mezzanine overlooking our terrace with a table for dining, a barbecue and seating. There is a master suite with bathroom and three children's bedrooms with 1 bathroom. The apartment is well confortable and pleasant. WARNING! For long periods (more than 10 days), we can transform one of the child single room in a room with a double bed!  We may make available a housekeeper. The kitchen is fully equipped (tumble dryer, washing machine, microwave). Broadband internet connection (fiber optic). Televisions. DVD player. Plenty of storage. If you have special wishes, thank you to contact me and I will do the necessities for you to enjoy a perfect stay. We will be absent during your st
3179	This amazing 3-bedroom duplex has 100sqm (1090 sq ft). It has been entirely renewed and decorated by an interior designer. Every object, every piece of furniture, from the frames to the curtains : everything has been chosen with much care to offer a maximum of comfort. This glamourous place is just a dream come true ! It will be worth climbing the stairs as this exceptional apartment has all the features you can expect from a high standing place : high quality mattress, some unique antique that specifically fits the whole picture imagined by the decorator. The entrance hall is very elegant with a decorative chimney, mirrors and paintings. It leads to the main room, astonishing, very impressive, particularly because of the high ceilings and the sculptures on the wall. This main room has been organized in two areas, the living-room with a comfortable couch, armchairs and a beautiful design coffee table. The dining part features a dining table that can accommodate up to six guests. An A/C	Amazing 100sqm duplex to rent in Paris near Orsay Museum, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, renovated by an interior designer, this place is magical !    This amazing 3-bedroom duplex has 100sqm (1090 sq ft). It has been entirely renewed and decorated by an interior designer. Every object, every piece of furniture, from the frames to the curtains : everything has been chosen with much care to offer a maximum of comfort. This glamourous place is just a dream come true ! It will be worth climbing the stairs as this exceptional apartment has all the features you can expect from a high standing place : high quality mattress, some unique antique that specifically fits the whole picture imagined by the decorator. The entrance hall is very elegant with a decorative chimney, mirrors and paintings. It leads to the main room, astonishing, very impressive, particularly because of the high ceilings and the sculptures on the wall. This main room has been organized in two areas, the living-room with a comfor
3180	Très belle terrasse plein sud avec vue dégagé sur la Tour Eiffel et l'Ecole Militaire.	Trés Bel et luxueux Appartement de 100 m2 avec grande terrasse vue dégagée plein soleil. Idéalement situé pour visiter tout Paris à pied en vélo ou en métro. Proche de toutes commodités restaurant épicerie boulangerie bar Brasserie parisienne... Très belle terrasse plein sud avec vue dégagé sur la Tour Eiffel et l'Ecole Militaire. Situé dans le 7eme Arrondissement. L'appartement est très bien placé. Le quartier et très calme et surveillé. Vous pouvez vous balader seul ou accompagner en toute tranquillité a n'importe quel moment de la journée et de la nuit. De nombreux transport se trouve au pied de l'immeuble, Bus pour traverser tout paris Métro Vélo (Autolib) borne taxi .
3181	The apartment opens onto the hallway, which connects all rooms.  On the left there is the bedroom, furnished with a double bed (140 cm), a TV set and a foldaway writing desk, suitable as study corner. The windows overlook the internal courtyard.  On the left wall you find two doors: the first one leads to the toilet, the second one to the bathroom (with shower, washing machine and basin).  Walking along the corridor you enter the living room, furnished with an armchair, two single sofa beds (90 cm) that cannot be combined together, and a coffee table. The open-plan kitchen is composed of an iron countertop, covered with tiles, some functional steel stools, and a perfectly-equipped wall unit. On the right there is the second bathroom, fitted with basin and separate toilet (with window). On the same landing you also find a functional box room where to store your suitcases.	Lovely 1bedroom 2bathroom apartment of about 48 (website hidden) on the 5th floor (with elevator to the 4th floor, then stairs to the 5th floor), located in an elegant building in one of the most fashionable streets in Paris, in the very heart of Saint-Germain. The apartment opens onto the hallway, which connects all rooms.  On the left there is the bedroom, furnished with a double bed (140 cm), a TV set and a foldaway writing desk, suitable as study corner. The windows overlook the internal courtyard.  On the left wall you find two doors: the first one leads to the toilet, the second one to the bathroom (with shower, washing machine and basin).  Walking along the corridor you enter the living room, furnished with an armchair, two single sofa beds (90 cm) that cannot be combined together, and a coffee table. The open-plan kitchen is composed of an iron countertop, covered with tiles, some functional steel stools, and a perfectly-equipped wall unit. On the right there is the second bath
3182		Métro Invalides Ligne 8 et 13
3183	Elegant apartment of 90m2, ideally located 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Avenue Montaigne, Seine River, Champs Elysees, the Grand Palais or Invalides. Large spaces, quiet and chic with all comfort. very cozy decor, in an exceptional area, this superb apartment full of light, a typical Parisian building, 2nd floor with elevator, with beautiful views .  wide hall opens to a large room,  nice bedroom,  spacious bathroom, toilet, fully equipped kitchen D' un confort et d une décoration très cosy,  Dans un quartier exceptionnel, ce superbe appartement plein de lumière, d' un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 2e étage avec ascenseur,  avec une vue magnifique  dégagée.  Un  large  hall  s'ouvre sur une très grande pièce, une belle chambre, une spacieuse salle de bain, une toilette, une cuisine entièrement équipée; 	Élégant appartement  de 90m2, idéalement placé à 5 minutes de marche de la Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Avenue Montaigne, Quai de Seine, Champs Elysées,  le Grand Palais ou les Invalides. Grandes espaces, claire, calme et chic avec tout confort. Elegant apartment of 90m2, ideally located 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars, Avenue Montaigne, Seine River, Champs Elysees, the Grand Palais or Invalides. Large spaces, quiet and chic with all comfort. very cozy decor, in an exceptional area, this superb apartment full of light, a typical Parisian building, 2nd floor with elevator, with beautiful views .  wide hall opens to a large room,  nice bedroom,  spacious bathroom, toilet, fully equipped kitchen D' un confort et d une décoration très cosy,  Dans un quartier exceptionnel, ce superbe appartement plein de lumière, d' un immeuble typiquement parisien, au 2e étage avec ascenseur,  avec une vue magnifique  dégagée.  Un  large  hall  s'ouvre sur une très grande pièce, une be
3184	STUDIO DE 18 M2 CARREZ situé proche du Bac au 7EME Arrondissement de PARIS. Réaménagé et rénové en 2010, il accueillera jusqu'à 2 personnes. Equipé d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec une vraie toilette, cet appartement décoré dans un style moderne mais conservant son charme parisien, est confortable et fonctionnel.  Ce charmant petit appartement est lumineux. Mais particulièrement, son environnement est exceptionnel. A deux pas du célèbre St GERMAIN DES PRES, la Rue de Lille est un lieu unique pour découvrir le PARIS historique et chic avec les musées (d'Orsay, du Quai Branly, du Louvres...), ses galleries d'Art,Café Flore...Non loin des universités, le lieu est surtout idéal pour accueillir des étudiants (Ecoles Sciences PO, faculté de Medicine, etc...). LOCATION ETUDIANT ou long terme à privilégier, colocation acceptée. Ce studio bénéficie bien sûr de toutes les commodités: boulangeries, restaurants, supermarché Monoprix, .. METRO LE PLUS PROCHE: Rue du BAC	STUDIO DE 18 M2 CARREZ situé proche du Bac au 7EME Arrondissement de PARIS. Réaménagé et rénové en 2010, il accueillera jusqu'à 2 personnes. Equipé d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec une vraie toilette, cet appartement décoré dans un style moderne mais conservant son charme parisien, est confortable et fonctionnel.  Ce charmant petit appartement est lumineux. Mais particulièrement, son environnement est exceptionnel. A deux pas du célèbre St GERMAIN DES PRES, la Rue de Lille est un lieu unique pour découvrir le PARIS historique et chic avec les musées (d'Orsay, du Quai Branly, du Louvres...), ses galleries d'Art,Café Flore...Non loin des universités, le lieu est surtout idéal pour accueillir des étudiants (Ecoles Sciences PO, faculté de Medicine, etc...). LOCATION ETUDIANT ou long terme à privilégier, colocation acceptée. Ce studio bénéficie bien sûr de toutes les commodités: boulangeries, restaurants, supermarché Monoprix, .. METRO LE PLUS PROCHE: Rue du BAC
3185	-----------------Renting period availability and Rate August/september/october 15 ------------------ From 27 to 29 august : 130€/night  From 16 to 19 september : 180€/night From 29 sept to 3 october : 183€/night From 13 to 23 oct : 220€/night  ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( The apartment has southern and east exposure, it is very sunny and calm. There is one double bedroom (one bed) and one double bedroom (2 beds separated) where is there is a fireplace A immersion in the heart of the gorgeous and luxurous Paris. Extremely quiet area, no noise and peaceful. Invalides is a very elegant area, where many ambassade, ministers and are located.   Typical french morning market every week on Thursday and saturday from 9 am to 1.30 pm at 200 square meters (5 minutes walking) The area is very safe as the Prime Minister's office is close and the main entrance is protected by interphone and a second door with secret code (digicode). It is a very central district very convenient to travel all around	A immersion in the heart of the gorgeous and luxurous Paris. Extremely quiet area, safe and peaceful. Invalides is a very elegant area.  Apartment has southern and east exposure, it is very sunny and calm.   Perfect location -----------------Renting period availability and Rate August/september/october 15 ------------------ From 27 to 29 august : 130€/night  From 16 to 19 september : 180€/night From 29 sept to 3 october : 183€/night From 13 to 23 oct : 220€/night  ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( The apartment has southern and east exposure, it is very sunny and calm. There is one double bedroom (one bed) and one double bedroom (2 beds separated) where is there is a fireplace A immersion in the heart of the gorgeous and luxurous Paris. Extremely quiet area, no noise and peaceful. Invalides is a very elegant area, where many ambassade, ministers and are located.   Typical french morning market every week on Thursday and saturday from 9 am to 1.30 pm at 200 square meters (5 minutes walking)
3186		Ce spacieux studio de 50m2 est idéalement situé au coeur du quartier Saint-Germain-des-Prés, au pied du métro Sèvres-Babylone. Tout confort, entièrement rénové, il a une vue splendide sur le square Boucicault et le célèbre magasin Le Bon Marché.
3187	Chaleureux, proche de tous , Metro, Tour Eiffel , les invalides, tour et Gare Montparnasse...	1 pièces avec salle de bain peu accueillir deux personnes, proche de la Tour Eiffel , esplanade des invalides, équipé de: Grande télé  Grand Frigo Micro onde Machine a lave  Sèche linge Wifi  Ordinateur iMac pro ( session invite) Très chaleureux Chaleureux, proche de tous , Metro, Tour Eiffel , les invalides, tour et Gare Montparnasse... Metro , je peux même mettre à leurs disposition un scooter pour visiter paris en 2 roues gratuit . L'hospitalité de l'accueil n'a pas de prix . Juste pour que les voyageurs parte avec une bonne image de l'accueil français .... Je suis à la disposition de mes voyageurs à tous moment pour répondre à leurs questions et leurs besoins..... A fin de leurs faciliter le séjour.....
3188	Nespresso machine	1 bedroom apartment with a wonderful view on a private garden. The flat is situated in the very elegant district of Saint Germain des Prés two blocks from the Musée d'Orsay : the ideal place for a romantic stay in Paris!  NB: 6th floor no lift Nespresso machine The flat is located on the 6th floor with no lift.
3189	Petit appartement avec chambre sur cour, au calme. Salle de bain avec baignoire. toilette séparée. Séjour/cuisine tout équipé.  Nous mettons à disposition le linge de lit. en revanche merci d'apporter vos propres serviettes de toilettes. Nice Flat, with a quiet bedroom. Bathroom with a bath, separated toilets. Living room/little kitchen all furnished.  We provide bed linen but thanks for bringing your own towels.  	Petit appartement avec chambre sur cour, au calme. Salle de bain avec baignoire. toilette séparée. Séjour/cuisine tout équipé.  Nous mettons à disposition le linge de lit. en revanche merci d'apporter vos propres serviettes de toilettes. Nice Flat, with a quiet bedroom. Bathroom with a bath, separated toilets. Living room/little kitchen all furnished.  We provide bed linen but thanks for bringing your own (website hidden) , Internet Wifi English Spoken by mail A proximité du coeur de Paris. Vous pourrez vous déplacer à pied : Close to the heart of Paris, you will walk to : - 10 min du Louvres et du jardin des tuilleries  - 10 min du quartier St Germain des Prés - 5min des berges de Paris Et si vous aimez marcher, dans un plus large périmètre, 15-25 min à pied : And if you are pleased to discover on foot, wihin 15 to 25 min you will see: - Place de la concorde - Place de la madeleine - Rue de rivoli - Pont des arts - Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris Ligne du métro 12 ( 300m) RER C (400m) 
3190		Welcome to my 1 bedroom Apartment in the best location of Paris with everything you need for a wonderful stay. 
3191	"It's family flat which can receive 6personnes. We have "" rooms, a dooble living, a equiped kitchen, one bathroom, toilet separate. We have terrasse where you can see tour Eiffel. We have TV, internet. There is an elevator. We live on the 5th floor. It's easy to move by feet, bymetro, by bus or by bycicle. Museum, garden, movies, restaurant, bars are very nice and near. Museum like orsay or Louvre are near. It's a very famous district wher youcan have fun and see lovely thing. Youcan make good shopping."	"It's family flat which can receive 6personnes. We have "" rooms, a dooble living, a equiped kitchen, one bathroom, toilet separate. We have terrasse where you can see tour Eiffel. We have TV, internet. There is an elevator. We live on the 5th floor. It's easy to move by feet, bymetro, by bus or by bycicle. Museum, garden, movies, restaurant, bars are very nice and near. Museum like orsay or Louvre are near. It's a very famous district wher youcan have fun and see lovely thing. Youcan make good shopping."
3192	10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel	This little room is only to rest. There is NO SHOWER, NO WATER except outside : Toilets and a sink with cold water.
3193	Très bel appartement situé en plein cœur du 7ème arrondissement de Paris, au pied du Champ de Mars (Tour Eiffel). Proche Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Assemblée Nationale, Champs Élysées. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme. Idéal pour un couple. Bel appartement deux pièces, très calme qui offre un confort optimal. Vous disposerez d'une chambre avec un très grand lit, d'un accès wifi illimité, d'un écran plat ainsi que d'une station iPhone. La cuisine est toute équipée, avec deux plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, four, micro ondes et lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Situation idéale de l'appartement : au pied de la Tour Eiffel, mais également proche d'une rue piétonne très vivante avec terrasses, restaurants, commerces de bouche et petites boutiques.  Le quartier est parfaitement desservi, avec une ligne de métro à quelques minutes et différents arrêts de bus au pied de l'appartement. Métro : ligne 8 École militaire ou ligne 9 Alma Marceau Bus 92 ou 80 arrêt Bosquet-G	Très bel appartement situé en plein cœur du 7ème arrondissement de Paris, au pied du Champ de Mars (Tour Eiffel). Proche Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Assemblée Nationale, Champs Élysées. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme. Idéal pour un couple.  Bel appartement deux pièces, très calme qui offre un confort optimal. Vous disposerez d'une chambre avec un très grand lit, d'un accès wifi illimité, d'un écran plat ainsi que d'une station iPhone. La cuisine est toute équipée, avec deux plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, four, micro ondes et lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Situation idéale de l'appartement : au pied de la Tour Eiffel, mais également proche d'une rue piétonne très vivante avec terrasses, restaurants, commerces de bouche et petites boutiques.  Le quartier est parfaitement desservi, avec une ligne de métro à quelques minutes et différents arrêts de bus au pied de l'appartement.  Métro : ligne 8 École militaire ou ligne 9 Alma Marceau Bus 92 ou 80 arrêt Bosquet
3194	"Apartment situated in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, quartier is an ideal place to stay and discover this beautiful city. If you are a tourist or a business traveler this apartment is a perfect location for your stay in Paris and experience la ""Vie Parisienne"".  This 40 square meters (400 square feet) apartment is situated on the first floor of a building on the Rue Bonaparte. It is a stone's throw away from the famous Boulevard Saint Germain bustling with its fashion boutiques, typical Parisian bars, the famous french brasserie (The LIPP) great cafés like Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots. Just behind the house are magnificent gardens of Luxembourg and if you wish you can take a short walk to go visit the Latin District (Saint-Michel), Notre Dame church, have the famous Berthillon Ice-cream and then walk across the river to visit the most visited museum of the world The Louvre.  Quiet Apartment down giving onto inner courtyard. it consists of two rooms :  - 1 living room with so"	"Apartment situated in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, quartier is an ideal place to stay and discover this beautiful city. If you are a tourist or a business traveler this apartment is a perfect location for your stay in Paris and experience la ""Vie Parisienne"". Apartment situated in the heart of Saint-Germain des Prés, quartier is an ideal place to stay and discover this beautiful city. If you are a tourist or a business traveler this apartment is a perfect location for your stay in Paris and experience la ""Vie Parisienne"".  This 40 square meters (400 square feet) apartment is situated on the first floor of a building on the Rue Bonaparte. It is a stone's throw away from the famous Boulevard Saint Germain bustling with its fashion boutiques, typical Parisian bars, the famous french brasserie (The LIPP) great cafés like Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots. Just behind the house are magnificent gardens of Luxembourg and if you wish you can take a short walk to go visit the Latin Dist"
3195	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms, each has a bathroom. It accommodates up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. 	Amazing apartment with amazing view which located in front of the Eiffel Tower. Fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 2 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the Eiffel Signature Apartment in Paris. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms, each has a bathroom. It accommodates up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player.  Absolutly well furnished in this Eiffel Signature Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique experience. *Check-In ti
3196	Two lovely double rooms in the heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of the 7th district. The rooms have a nice comfort. he price is 60 euros per night for a single room, double room 90 euros to 120 euros for 2 double bedrooms. (If you are 4, the total price will be 120 euros, so we will do a special rate!) We have a very large apartment with all the comfort and we rent it whole or in these rooms. Very interesting and in the heart of the most beautiful part of Paris! Conveniently located near the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees, this sunny apartment has every comfort: 2 double bedrooms, private bathroom and especially a beautiful living room of 50m2 in one of the most beautiful part Paris with Wifi and TV. to share with a discrete family. You can count on us to show you the best addresses in Paris. The full kitchen with oven, hob, American fridge, washing machine and dishwasher ... you can cook in a very chic and friendly atmosphere. The home of Caroline and Nicol	Two lovely double rooms in the heart of Paris, in the charming neighborhood of the 7th district. The rooms have a nice comfort. he price is 60 euros per night for a single room, double room 90 euros to 120 euros for 2 double bedrooms. (If you are 4, the total price will be 120 euros, so we will do a special rate!) We have a very large apartment with all the comfort and we rent it whole or in these rooms. Very interesting and in the heart of the most beautiful part of Paris! Conveniently located near the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees, this sunny apartment has every comfort: 2 double bedrooms, private bathroom and especially a beautiful living room of 50m2 in one of the most beautiful part Paris with Wifi and TV. to share with a discrete family. You can count on us to show you the best addresses in Paris. The full kitchen with oven, hob, American fridge, washing machine and dishwasher ... you can cook in a very chic and friendly atmosphere. The home of Caroline and Nicol
3197	WHAT A neo-Renaissance building that often stops passer-bys in their tracks. At the corner of Boulevard st-Germain and rue du Bac, on the Paris left bank. WHERE The apartment could not be more central: St-Germain and St-Sulpice churches, Café de Flore, bookshop L'Ecume des Pages, Musée d'Orsay and Le Bon Marché department store are all within 5-10 minutes.  Joel Robuchon’s restaurant and wine cellar are around the corner, Philippe Conticini's Patisserie des Reves three blocks away, Des gateaux et du Pain two blocks away, ditto cheese institution Nicole Barthélémy, and L'Epicerie du Bon Marché 10 minutes away. The metro station Rue du Bac is just a block away, as are the 63, 69, 84 bus stops. The RER (train to Versailles and to the Charles-de-Gaulle airport) is 4 blocks away. Taxis are plentiful on boulevard St-Germain. A taxi to the airport is about €55.  HOW  The apartment is 108 m2 or 1,162 sq ft. on the 4th floor (the elevator stops 3rd floor). Its sleeps 4 adults and 2 children. -E	Come and enjoy the best of Paris in St-Germain. Eglise St-Germain, Café de Flore, Bon Marché are all within minutes of this cozy apartment in a historical building.  Caution-dangerously high concentrate of history, culture, fashion and gastronomy! WHAT A neo-Renaissance building that often stops passer-bys in their tracks. At the corner of Boulevard st-Germain and rue du Bac, on the Paris left bank. WHERE The apartment could not be more central: St-Germain and St-Sulpice churches, Café de Flore, bookshop L'Ecume des Pages, Musée d'Orsay and Le Bon Marché department store are all within 5-10 minutes.  Joel Robuchon’s restaurant and wine cellar are around the corner, Philippe Conticini's Patisserie des Reves three blocks away, Des gateaux et du Pain two blocks away, ditto cheese institution Nicole Barthélémy, and L'Epicerie du Bon Marché 10 minutes away. The metro station Rue du Bac is just a block away, as are the 63, 69, 84 bus stops. The RER (train to Versailles and to the Charles-de-
3198		Entre Invalides et Tour Eiffel, à quelques minutes des berges de la Seine, d'un des marchés les plus typiques de Paris et de nombreux restaurants et boutiques, pendant quelques jours, vous deviendrez parisien dans ce petit appartement clair et calme.
3199		Bonjour ,  Nous louons cet appartement équipé, constitué d'une chambre, un séjour et une cuisine , idéalement situé à 100 m de la tour eiffel.  Immeuble impeccable, calme. Métro, vélib, bus à proximité immédiate. Champ de mars à 50M.
3200		appartement de très bon standing tout équipé( machine à laver et cuisine équipé) avec une très belle vue dégagée sur la Tour Eiffel. calme et lumineux pour un magnifique séjour. Minimum 2 nuits
3201	You will find everything : confort, quiet ,view on flowery courtyard, proximity of verything to enjoy Paris also , we live in the same building and can help you everytime 	facing  a flowery courtyard/garden, very quiet , central Paris, 2 minutes walking from Eiffel Tower,Invalides, river Seine, and very near everything (metro, buses,supermarket, famous rue cler market, museum Louvre ) you will enjoy the Parisian life You will find everything : confort, quiet ,view on flowery courtyard, proximity of verything to enjoy Paris also , we live in the same building and can help you everytime very easy from everywhere, ask us I live here since 30 years and I never want to change ....we have all  (exept  sea and mountain) planty of transortations, markets, restaurants, museums, parks, monuments,etc...) planty of buses : (phone number hidden) and more metros :   la tour-maubourg , ecole militaire, ligne 8 2 taxis-stations 5 minutes walking Invalides air France buses station for Orly and CdG airports 5 minutes to Invalides Metro to go to Versailles 10 minutes Montparnasse railways-station
3202		Au coeur du 7ème arrondissement à quelques pas de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides, venez passer quelques nuits dans notre charmant appartement de 50 m2 tout équipé très calme et parfait pour quelques jours romantiques à Paris  
3203		Confortable studio apartment (22sqm), in the heart of 7th quarter, very close to Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower and Invalides : 5 minutes walking. Just across from rue Cler, a lively pedestrian street with many restaurants and shops. 
3204	This apartment was originally home to the owner while he studied French art and craftsmanship at the Paris Fine Arts Academy or Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Beaux Arts a few blocks away. His studies provided him with a rare opportunity to experiment with a variety of decorative concepts, which he applied to restoring as much of the apartment's original 18th century detailing as possible. Built just after the French Revolution in the 1790's, the building's thick walls, high ceilings, and tall windows are distinctive of the Directory period. In the living room, the finely crafted, hand painted Louis XVI style wood paneling and cabinetry were inspired by historical examples in Paris museums. The woodwork discretely conceals a Murphy bed that serves as a backup for visitors (there is also a daybed). The fireplace was entirely rebuilt by a top caliber, third generation craftsman. The more colorful bedroom cabinetry is also of the best craftsmanship.  A previous tenant once likened the apa	Comfortable 18th Century Elegance in the Heart of St Germain. One bedroom/1 bath nestled in between 2 courtyards for a quite and peaceful Haven in Paris. This apartment was originally home to the owner while he studied French art and craftsmanship at the Paris Fine Arts Academy or Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Beaux Arts a few blocks away. His studies provided him with a rare opportunity to experiment with a variety of decorative concepts, which he applied to restoring as much of the apartment's original 18th century detailing as possible. Built just after the French Revolution in the 1790's, the building's thick walls, high ceilings, and tall windows are distinctive of the Directory period. In the living room, the finely crafted, hand painted Louis XVI style wood paneling and cabinetry were inspired by historical examples in Paris museums. The woodwork discretely conceals a Murphy bed that serves as a backup for visitors (there is also a daybed). The fireplace was entirely rebuilt by
3205	Le logement est moderne, complètement équipé, il comprend une petite entrée, salon avec grand canapé convertible(lit pour la 3eme persone), salle de bain avec wc et douche, petit cuisine bien équipe, chambre avec grand lit et petit armoire disponible pour les arrivants. vous avez a votre disposition: serviettes,linge maison, sèche cheveux, plats,verres,couteaux,poiles,réfrigérateur,micro-ondes , cafetière, machine a laver, etc. code d’accès, interphone.	Jolie studio de 32m2, il est calme, bien illumine avec une cour interior, bien equipe, l'appartament se trouve a 7mnts a pie de la tour Eiffel, l'apparta est très bien situe, acces facile pour les transports en comun, metro,bus....
3206	large, flowing and comfortable	Amazing Hausmanian apartment with herringbone wood floors, original mouldings on the walls, working fireplaces, formal dining room, eat in kitchen and 2 reception rooms large, flowing and comfortable lift, bicycle storage and garage we will be out of town but will have the gardien and our housekeeper available to help you we are in the middle of everything! 5 min walk to the Seine, Musee d0rsay, the Louvre, Blvd St Germain metro stop and 5 buses within 2 minutes of our door
3207	Modern apartment on the 6th floor with lift, consisting of 3 bedrooms, 1 living room and 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with bath and 1 toilet. The kitchen and living room overlooking a flowery balcony with table and plancha. The entire apartment has a beautiful and very close to the Eiffel Tower (300m), located on a quiet private courtyard-garden planted. The proximity of the Eiffel Tower can be admired in the details by day or by night, and even when it flickers (all hours of the night) Description: 1 room with 1 bed 180cm wide 1 bedroom with two single bunk reading 1 room with 1 convertible sofa bed for 2 persons. There are many shops (bakery, grocery, fish, meat, cheese) just down the apartment, as well as restaurants. The Champs de Mars park is a 1 minute walk away and find wide green spaces nearby. Bus lines of transport can take you directly to the Gare du Nord, the Louvre ... Metro lines (6 (Arc de Triomphe - Montparnasse) and 8 (Direct to : La Madeleine, Opera, Concorde) ar	Modern apartment on the 6th floor with lift, consisting of 3 bedrooms, 1 living room and 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with bath and 1 toilet. The kitchen and living room overlooking a flowery balcony with table and plancha. The entire apartment has a beautiful and very close to the Eiffel Tower (300m), located on a quiet private courtyard-garden planted. The proximity of the Eiffel Tower can be admired in the details by day or by night, and even when it flickers (all hours of the night) Description: 1 room with 1 bed 180cm wide 1 bedroom with two single bunk reading 1 room with 1 convertible sofa bed for 2 persons. There are many shops (bakery, grocery, fish, meat, cheese) just down the apartment, as well as restaurants. The Champs de Mars park is a 1 minute walk away and find wide green spaces nearby. Bus lines of transport can take you directly to the Gare du Nord, the Louvre ... Metro lines (6 (Arc de Triomphe - Montparnasse) and 8 (Direct to : La Madeleine, Opera, Concorde) ar
3208	flat completely renovated facing courtyard. Very quiet and sunny. Kitchen: oven, induction cooker, coffee maker, kettle , washing machine. Two bedrooms, one with a double bed and one with bunk beds , four beds in total. Multimedia: television, Internet , WIFI.	"New flat to rent Flat in a typical Parisian Haussmann building in the prestigious 7th district. Ideally located : Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Rue Cler at two minutes walking. Lots of shops, bus and metro stations right down the bulding. flat completely renovated facing courtyard. Very quiet and sunny. Kitchen: oven, induction cooker, coffee maker, kettle , washing machine. Two bedrooms, one with a double bed and one with bunk beds , four beds in total. Multimedia: television, Internet , WIFI. Entire flat. Highly available, I 'd be happy to let you know  the best restaurants in the area and the best sights of Paris . The 7th district is one of the "" beaux quartier "" de Paris . The prestige of these neighborhoods is reinforced by wide tree-lined avenues and proximity to the large public garden of Mars dominated by the Eiffel Tower. The 7th district is also famous for its delis, restaurants and food shops . The flat is easily accessible through public transportation. Air France Bus : Stop"
3209		Dans un salon amenagé un vrai lit et un canapé sont disposés dans une piece claire et agreable, dans un environnement tres parisen.  On bed in - a part of living room - disposed as a private room.  you have a bed, a coatch, table, miror, cheminée, cuboard, also at your disposal.  No pet, No smoking, No air conditionned,  No cooking, Wifi included in the price.
3210	This flat is very comfortable, well equipped, full of light, high ceiling. It is made up of 1 large bathroom (independent bathtub and shower), 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen and a living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate 2 people. It can accommodate up to 4 guests for a minimum of 7 days.	I am renting my 50m2 flat, ideal for family and friends. It is an extremely well located (7th arrondissement) fully equipped and comfortable flat that can accommodate up to 4 guests. This flat is very comfortable, well equipped, full of light, high ceiling. It is made up of 1 large bathroom (independent bathtub and shower), 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen and a living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate 2 people. It can accommodate up to 4 guests for a minimum of 7 days. You will have access to the entire appartement, a bedroom with a double size bed (140*190), a living room with a sofa bed (for 2 people), a kitchen, and a bathroom with a bathtub, a shower and toilets. I will be in an apartment nearby in case you need any help. The flat is located in the 7th arrondissement which includes some of the major tourist attractions of Paris, such as the Eiffel Tower and the Hôtel des Invalides, and a concentration of such world-famous museums as the Musée d'Orsay, Musee Rodin, and the Musée du qua
3211	"Totally renovated studio suitable for 2 people.Located in an elegant parisian building, 4th floor with elevator. Quiet apartment thanks to double glassing of the window. From there you can even see a small part the Eifel Tower! Great location between the Eiffel Tower and the famous warmful pedestrian shopping street, the ""rue Cler"". You will appreciate all facilities around for food shpping restaurants.....The metro station Ecole Militaire is just around the corner, at less than 200 meters from the apartment. The apartment has a cosy new decoration and is very comfortable for 2 people."	"Great central location, charming brightly clean studio, small Eiffel Tower view Totally renovated studio suitable for 2 people.Located in an elegant parisian building, 4th floor with elevator. Quiet apartment thanks to double glassing of the window. From there you can even see a small part the Eifel Tower! Great location between the Eiffel Tower and the famous warmful pedestrian shopping street, the ""rue Cler"". You will appreciate all facilities around for food shpping restaurants.....The metro station Ecole Militaire is just around the corner, at less than 200 meters from the apartment. The apartment has a cosy new decoration and is very comfortable for 2 people. Metro station Ecole Militaire Busses: (phone number hidden) RER station Invalides"
3212		Sous loue très beau deux pièces de 45 mètre carré en excellent état et très bien meublé et équipé), se situant dans un quartier très agréable a 2 pas de la tour eiffel Et a 1 min de la rue saint dominique
3213	Studio entièrement rénové, Grandes baies vitrées dans la pièce principale, Très lumineux, L'immeuble avec la gardienne, A 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel.	Studio entièrement rénové, Grandes baies vitrées dans la pièce principale, Très lumineux, L'immeuble avec la gardienne, A 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. Par telephone. Quartier prestigieux des Invalides. Metro, bus Prière ne pas se fier à la photo.
3214	The apartment is compact, perfect for 4 people, but able to sleep up to 6 when using the sleeping sofa. It has all the amenities necessary to relax and feel like home after a busy day sightseeing. It is tastefully furnished with very comfy beds and good quality linens. The kitchen has everything necessary to cook for 6 people. The apartment is very well kept with constant maintenance and renovations. Both bedrooms overlook a courtyard and therefore are vey quiet. The building is very safe, with security entry codes and a guardian. You will certainly feel like a Parisian there!	Fantastic apartment in the center of Paris, just behind the musee d'Orsay and across the river from the Louvre museum. Located in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris in a beautiful street lined up with art galleries, restaurants and boutiques. The apartment is compact, perfect for 4 people, but able to sleep up to 6 when using the sleeping sofa. It has all the amenities necessary to relax and feel like home after a busy day sightseeing. It is tastefully furnished with very comfy beds and good quality linens. The kitchen has everything necessary to cook for 6 people. The apartment is very well kept with constant maintenance and renovations. Both bedrooms overlook a courtyard and therefore are vey quiet. The building is very safe, with security entry codes and a guardian. You will certainly feel like a Parisian there! Unlimited wireless Internet Unlimited free phone calls from the apartment to many countries Fully equipped kitchen for 6 Washer/dryer I am available through email or pho
3215	Very nice and clear flat for two, situated in a calm street at the heart of the city. The kitchen is very complete with an oven, a dishwasher, and a washing machine.  Large windows are no regarding view, and the bedroom if very calm. 	The flat is composed of one living room with a large table, two sofas and a open
3216	The studio includes two levels; enter into the living room and kitchenette, step-up to the sleeping area which includes a desk and work area. This street is known for its boutiques including some of the most famous names.	Walk up 6 flights of stairs and find yourself under the roof of a beautiful stone building from the Louis XVI period. This quiet studio perfect for a couple is in the heart of one of Paris' liveliest and most historic neighborhoods. The studio includes two levels; enter into the living room and kitchenette, step-up to the sleeping area which includes a desk and work area. This street is known for its boutiques including some of the most famous names.
3217	Located on the 7th (last) floor of a 19th century-buliding, this one-bedroom apartment has been completly refurnished during autumn . It is equipped and comfortable (double glazed windows, parquet floors, elevator,...) It can accomodate up to 4 persons. Description - Entrance overlooking the living-room with 2 large windows. There is a sofa-bed (2 persons), coffee table and comfortable chairs. - The dining area comes with a dining table with 6 chairs. - The kitchen is fully equipped (coffee table, washing machin, kettle, frigde,...) - There is a mezzanine above the entrance - The bedroom has a double bed (140 cm), some cupboards, a desk - The shower room has a shower, a wash basin and WC	Located on the 7th (last) floor of a 19th century-buliding, this one-bedroom apartment has been completly refurnished during autumn . It is equipped and comfortable (double glazed windows, parquet floors, elevator,...) It can accomodate up to 4 perso Located on the 7th (last) floor of a 19th century-buliding, this one-bedroom apartment has been completly refurnished during autumn . It is equipped and comfortable (double glazed windows, parquet floors, elevator,...) It can accomodate up to 4 persons. Description - Entrance overlooking the living-room with 2 large windows. There is a sofa-bed (2 persons), coffee table and comfortable chairs. - The dining area comes with a dining table with 6 chairs. - The kitchen is fully equipped (coffee table, washing machin, kettle, frigde,...) - There is a mezzanine above the entrance - The bedroom has a double bed (140 cm), some cupboards, a desk - The shower room has a shower, a wash basin and WC The entire apartment is rented to the guests On thei
3218	Your chic and cozy modern nest is silent, without any traffic or background noise, thanks to its situation in the inside courtyard of this peaceful and very secure traditional apartment building. We did our best to make your stay easy, romantic and comfortable. Very attached ourselves to this recently renovated one bedroom heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities.  	    For a cosy sophisticated most Parisian romantic stay, this charming totally refurbished modern apartment couldn't be better situated. Built on an elegant tree-lined boulevard, the building enjoys a stunning unique view over Napoleon's Invalides Dome.    Your chic and cozy modern nest is silent, without any traffic or background noise, thanks to its situation in the inside courtyard of this peaceful and very secure traditional apartment building. We did our best to make your stay easy, romantic and comfortable. Very attached ourselves to this recently renovated one bedroom heaven of peace, you'll appreciate its charm and facilities.  Reaching your Parisian home from Charles de Gaulle Intl Airport is very easy: - One option is by Taxi (it will cost you around 60 euros). - Another easy way is  to catching Air France's bus shuttle. It results a more affordable option (around 14 euros/pers/one way). No need to travel Air France, it runs every 15 min from/to the airport to Invalides Term
3219	The apartement is fully equiped  : dishwasher  dryer  Washer  microwave  freezer  oven  Refrigerator  Broadband Internet  WiFi  Satellite / cable  phone  Elevator  fireplace	Very nice Haussman apartment of 80 m2 located on the 2nd floor (very calm) in the heart of Paris 7th, located50 meters from the “Musée d'Orsay” and “la Seine”, 10 minute’s walk from the famous  “Café de Flore” and the “Eiffel Tower”.  Two double bedrooms (1 double bed1m80 master bedroom and 1 double bed 1m60 second bedroom), a shower room, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room, TV, wifi access, storage. The apartement is fully equiped  : dishwasher  dryer  Washer  microwave  freezer  oven  Refrigerator  Broadband Internet  WiFi  Satellite / cable  phone  Elevator  fireplace Metro station : solferino , or rue du bac RER C station : musée d Orsay
3220	Entering this little 6th floor penthouse pad from rue Bourgogne by elevator, you'll immediately be struck by all the angles – sloping ceilings and skylights, interesting alcoves and turning stairway. You enter into the living area, complete with open kitchen, table and couch tucked under the skylights. There's a little reading/work station with the grooviest gold naugahyde chair you're likely to see anywhere. All is tastefully decorated in a très moderne style, with each design decision carefully thought through for maximum use, light, and comfort. The fully equipped kitchen will be just the thing to enjoy your fromages and baguettes from the local markets downstairs, with a bottle of outrageously-cheap-for-how-good-it-is French wine of practically any variety. (The secret is they don't add any preservatives to the wines that stay in France, only in the ones they ship overseas.  No preservatives = no headache the next day – voilà!)  The bath is sparklingly chic and quite geometric, wit	This cozy penthouse apartment is ideal for your Paris stay. It's close many tourist locations and minutes away from restaurants, wine/cheese bars, shops and several metro stations. Includes a washing machine. Entering this little 6th floor penthouse pad from rue Bourgogne by elevator, you'll immediately be struck by all the angles – sloping ceilings and skylights, interesting alcoves and turning stairway. You enter into the living area, complete with open kitchen, table and couch tucked under the skylights. There's a little reading/work station with the grooviest gold naugahyde chair you're likely to see anywhere. All is tastefully decorated in a très moderne style, with each design decision carefully thought through for maximum use, light, and comfort. The fully equipped kitchen will be just the thing to enjoy your fromages and baguettes from the local markets downstairs, with a bottle of outrageously-cheap-for-how-good-it-is French wine of practically any variety. (The secret is they
3221	Small but cozy. Drawer bed can accommodate two persons.  Bathroom includes toilet, lavabo and a small bathtub. Equipped with Nespresso cafe machine, blender, fridge, oven, micro oven...	Very centrally located, 3 minutes to champs de mars and Eiffel tower. On the calm street but just at the corner, there are many famous and Michelin stared restaurants, very chic and convenient neighborhood. The small studio is fully equipped, bathroom with a small bathtub and kitchen with oven, fridge..
3222	Ideal pour un séjour en famille et entre amis  ( 8 couchages ) Excellent rapport qualite / prix appartment  de 50M2 il y a 7 à 8 couchages avec = 1 chambre avec 1 lit double + 1 lit simple et 1 chambre en mezzanine ( au dessus du salon ) avec  lit double +1 lit simple le salon avec 2 canapés lit  wifi La cuisine est équipee pour préparer les petits  déjeuners (grille pain, bouilloire, presse agrumes) réchauffer les plats ou préparer les pic nic ! Niché au cœur d'un quartier résidentiel, à deux pas du boulevard des Invalides, cet appartement  est un parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris. Situé à proximité du métro de Montparnasse, il dispose d’un accès facile aux principaux monuments parisiens (tour Eiffel), dans le quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés et ses nombreuses galeries. Le célèbre magasin le Bon Marché avec son épicerie se trouve à deux pas de l'appartement !	Dans le quartier de St Germain des Prés. Ideal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis Appartement simple avec  du cachet :  poutres et pierres apparentes Commerces et restaurants 2 mn à pieds (proche Bon Marché) Ideal pour un séjour en famille et entre amis  ( 8 couchages ) Excellent rapport qualite / prix appartment  de 50M2 il y a 7 à 8 couchages avec = 1 chambre avec 1 lit double + 1 lit simple et 1 chambre en mezzanine ( au dessus du salon ) avec  lit double +1 lit simple le salon avec 2 canapés lit  wifi La cuisine est équipee pour préparer les petits  déjeuners (grille pain, bouilloire, presse agrumes) réchauffer les plats ou préparer les pic nic ! Niché au cœur d'un quartier résidentiel, à deux pas du boulevard des Invalides, cet appartement  est un parfait pied à terre pour visiter Paris. Situé à proximité du métro de Montparnasse, il dispose d’un accès facile aux principaux monuments parisiens (tour Eiffel), dans le quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés et ses nombreuses galerie
3223	5-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, you will stay in the heart of Paris: Ecole Militaire! You will find many coffee and restaurants on the street, to chill out after a beautiful walk along the Seine! The flat is located on the 1st floor. The street is spectacular, with best restaurants, bakeries, over the weekend live music on the street and the market with fresh products, delicatessens and delicious cheese.    The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris  Walking distance to Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Seine, Eiffel Tower etc… Located in the center of Paris, you will easily move from a district to another by walk or thanks to the 8th or the 13th line which serve all the area of paris! Just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. I will welcome my guest at their arrival and for departure! I will be reachable at any time by phone or email! Free Wifi obviously!	"In the middle of the ""Rue Cler"" market in the 7th district, 5mn walk to the Eiffel Tower Amazing studio. 5-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, you will stay in the heart of Paris: Ecole Militaire! You will find many coffee and restaurants on the street, to chill out after a beautiful walk along the Seine! The flat is located on the 1st floor. The street is spectacular, with best restaurants, bakeries, over the weekend live music on the street and the market with fresh products, delicatessens and delicious cheese.    The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris  Walking distance to Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Seine, Eiffel Tower etc… Located in the center of Paris, you will easily move from a district to another by walk or thanks to the 8th or the 13th line which serve all the area of paris! Just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. I will welcome my guest at their arrival and for departure! I will be reachable at any time by ph"
3224		This unique apartment full of art and culture is a rare jewel right in the heart of the beautiful  St.Germain district,  opposite of the famous SiencePo-University and just down the street from Cafe de Flore. It can not get much more sophisticated.
3225	20th century Art Nouveau building  classified « Monument Historique » 55 m² loft with small balcony 5th  floor (highest one) elevator & 24h security  One bedroom with A/C fireplace Fully equipped kitchen	EXCLUSIVE, Classified building, view on Eiffel Tower, between Tower & Invalides, in very chic and animated area of Ecole Militaire. Modern, furnished with top design brands, elevator, one bedroom, A/C, new kichen, 24H security. Ideal for a couple 20th century Art Nouveau building  classified « Monument Historique » 55 m² loft with small balcony 5th  floor (highest one) elevator & 24h security  One bedroom with A/C fireplace Fully equipped kitchen 100m from Champ de Mars park & Eiffel Tower 100m from Rue Cler (famous for Gourmet  Food shops) 50m from Rue de Grenelle and its food shops & restaurants 100m from Metro Ecole Miltaire 300m from Rue St Dominique and its Fontaine de Mars area (many resto) 400m from Invalides Place 15min walk from Avenue Montaigne / George V 20min walk from St Germain-des-Prés I open the flat to the guest, so as to explain how everything works, and to give them all the best tips about the area and Paris, so that the guests can enjoy their stay as much as they ca
3226	"An apartment in the heart of Paris VII located in the district ""Gros caillou"", 200 m. Quai de Seine and 50 m from the Esplanade des Invalides. Corner of Rue Saint Dominique, this apartment of 40 m2, enjoys an exceptional location. proximity (250 m) of the station Invalides (metro and RER) allows you direct access to airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly, the Château de Versailles, Montparnasse train stations and Austerlitz. nearby (10/15 min walk) you will find the Musée d'Orsay, the Eiffel Tower, the Musée Branly - Primitive Art, Grand Palais, Palais de la Découverte, the Hotel des Invalides and the Rodin Museum. the Champs Elysees, the Seine quai promenade, the place de la Concorde are two steps. hardly further the Museum Jeu de Paume and the Orangerie both in the garden of the Tuileries. the heart of Saint Germain des Pres is 20 minutes of pleasant walking (also can be reached by bus). All these walks can also be made Velib station (20 meters) Restaurants and shops at the foot of the "	"An apartment in the heart of Paris VII located in the district ""Gros caillou"", 200 m. Quai de Seine and 50 m from the Esplanade des Invalides. Corner of Rue Saint Dominique, this apartment of 40 m2, enjoys an exceptional location. proximity (250 m) of the station Invalides (metro and RER) allows you direct access to airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly, the Château de Versailles, Montparnasse train stations and Austerlitz. nearby (10/15 min walk) you will find the Musée d'Orsay, the Eiffel Tower, the Musée Branly - Primitive Art, Grand Palais, Palais de la Découverte, the Hotel des Invalides and the Rodin Museum. the Champs Elysees, the Seine quai promenade, the place de la Concorde are two steps. hardly further the Museum Jeu de Paume and the Orangerie both in the garden of the Tuileries. the heart of Saint Germain des Pres is 20 minutes of pleasant walking (also can be reached by bus). All these walks can also be made Velib station (20 meters) Restaurants and shops at the foot of the "
3227	"Cet appartement, idéalement situé en plein cœur du quartier de la Tour Eiffel/ Champs de Mars, dispose de tout le confort nécessaire pour un voyage de courte durée comme de durée plus longue, que vous soyez seul, en couple, ou en famille.   It is located on the ideal place of Tour Eiffel/Champs de mars, for short and long duration trip, for one person couples or families. L'appartement se compose de deux pièces principales : un salon/salle à manger et une chambre à coucher. Dans le salon, vous trouverez à votre disposition un canapé-lit une place et demie,  la télévision ainsi que du wifi gratuit. Dans la chambre un lit deux places et de nombreux rangements vous permettront d'être ""comme à la maison"". Vous pourrez également cuisiner dans l'appartement, les ustensiles de cuisine et les aliments de base sont également à votre disposition.    Lors de votre séjour, je serai à votre entière disposition en cas de questions ou de problème et serai présente lors de la remise du check in et du "	"Ce charmant 2 pièces moderne et cosy vous attend en plein coeur de Paris, et aux pieds de la Tour Eiffel. This charming modern and cosy two rooms is waiting for you in front of the Eiffel Tower and in the centre of Paris in a very famous shopping street. Cet appartement, idéalement situé en plein cœur du quartier de la Tour Eiffel/ Champs de Mars, dispose de tout le confort nécessaire pour un voyage de courte durée comme de durée plus longue, que vous soyez seul, en couple, ou en famille.   It is located on the ideal place of Tour Eiffel/Champs de mars, for short and long duration trip, for one person couples or families. L'appartement se compose de deux pièces principales : un salon/salle à manger et une chambre à coucher. Dans le salon, vous trouverez à votre disposition un canapé-lit une place et demie,  la télévision ainsi que du wifi gratuit. Dans la chambre un lit deux places et de nombreux rangements vous permettront d'être ""comme à la maison"". Vous pourrez également cuisiner da"
3228		Monolocale in mansarda (studio) posto in zona centralissima di Parigi, a un passo dal Louvre e da Notre Dame. Composto da zona con letto matrimoniale e lettino singolo, bgno con doccia e angolo cottura. Stupendo Nel periodo indicato sarò in Italia Il quartiere più elegante di Parigi, strada delle galleria d'arte. Comodissimo per arrivare dagli aeroporti e raggiungere a piedi tutti i siti più importanti di parigi L'appartamento è in affitto nel periodo in cui sarò in (website hidden) sono poche cose personali e chiuse nell'armadio.
3229	Luxury Paris Apartment Rental Rue de l’Exposition is a charming and newly renovated one bedroom, one bathroom vacation rental  located in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in Paris. It is located on the left bank in the  7th arrondissement and is set in a quiet, quintessentially Parisian building with a private carriage  entry just between the bustling rues St. Dominique and Grenelle.  The apartment is in a fabulous location, just 3 minutes by walking distance from the famous Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars gardens, the famous rue Cler market street, the Invalides. Nearby you’ll find a fantastic  selection of restaurants, cafés, and delicious boulangeries, patisseries and grocers from which to  choose as well as shopping boutiques and trend-setting fashion houses. Also just steps away you will find bus stations, but also the Ecole Militaire Metro stop as well as one  of the very few taxi stands to be found in the city.  Book this beautiful and convenient Paris left bank apa	Luxury Paris Apartment Rental Rue de l’Exposition is a charming and newly renovated one bedroom, one bathroom vacation rental  located in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in Paris. It is located on the left bank in the  7th arrondissement and is set in a quiet, quintessentially Parisian building with a private carriage  entry just between the bustling rues St. Dominique and Grenelle.  The apartment is in a fabulous location, just 3 minutes by walking distance from the famous Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars gardens, the famous rue Cler market street, the Invalides. Nearby you’ll find a fantastic  selection of restaurants, cafés, and delicious boulangeries, patisseries and grocers from which to  choose as well as shopping boutiques and trend-setting fashion houses. Also just steps away you will find bus stations, but also the Ecole Militaire Metro stop as well as one  of the very few taxi stands to be found in the city.  Book this beautiful and convenient Paris left bank apa
3230	A unique location, close to the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower in the 7th arrondissement in Paris.	Studio of 30m2 ideally located (100 m from the Invalides, 9 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs-Elysées) 1st floor courtyard, very quiet Two beds (a sofa bed and a sofa bed for one person) Equipped kitchen and bath A unique location, close to the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower in the 7th arrondissement in Paris. The subway / RER C, 110 meters, the Invalides and the Tour-Maubourg, 63 and 28 bus, taxi stand, fly boat (boat departures to 5 minutes walk) You indicate the good addresses and places to visit. Shops, pubs, village atmosphere, museums, Invalides, the Eiffel Tower ... Rue Saint Dominique with Rue Cler for a coffee or lunch. Subway, bus, taxi, Velib, Autolib Neighborhoods embassies, the national parliament. A very touristy area. Nearby, the Quai Branly museum and the Grand Palais with large exhibitions
3231	Hello, I'm travelling a lot, so i let you my gorgeous home, so feel free like at home. My flat is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. It's the perfect pied-à-Terre, for a week end or a parisienne week for two or a family the flat is composed by a spacious living room, with a bed-sofa. A big room with a bathroom and toilets. a full equipped kitchen, wash machine, fridge, oven, microwave, and a little table for breakfast, we have the best boulangerie at the corner. The house is 1 min walk from Invalides, 15 min walk from Eiffel Tower, 5 Min bys bus from Etoile-arc de Triomphe, 30 min from Notre Dame de Paris along the river la Seine. You are in the Heart of Paris	Hello, I'm travelling a lot, so i let you my georgeous home, so feel free like at home. My flat is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. It's the perfect pied-à-terre, for a week end or a parisienne week for two or a family. Hello, I'm travelling a lot, so i let you my gorgeous home, so feel free like at home. My flat is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. It's the perfect pied-à-Terre, for a week end or a parisienne week for two or a family the flat is composed by a spacious living room, with a bed-sofa. A big room with a bathroom and toilets. a full equipped kitchen, wash machine, fridge, oven, microwave, and a little table for breakfast, we have the best boulangerie at the corner. The house is 1 min walk from Invalides, 15 min walk from Eiffel Tower, 5 Min bys bus from Etoile-arc de Triomphe, 30 min from Notre Dame de Paris along the river la Seine. You are in the Heart of Paris Metro Saint Francois Xavier, Varenne ou Invalides. Bicycle Bus 82 or 92 stop Saint francois Xavier
3232	"Fully furnished apartment located in the district of Saint- Germain des Prés, It is a two rooms with an area of approximately 40 m² located rue de Verneuil in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , in the heart of Saint- Germain des Prés. It is located on the 2nd floor and has a lift. It has a lounge / dining room , a bedroom , a kitchen and a bathroom. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people , either a leisure or business trip. The nearest metro station is "" Rue du Bac "" . Equipment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Elevator - intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - Linen / towels - towels - Kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - Oven - Microwave  - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Dryer - Iron - Washing machine - vacuum - Ironing board Living / dining room `s an area of about 20 m² where a double sofa bed, width is 140 , 2 chairs , wooden floors , a table . It also has a window faci"	"In the famous Rue de Verneuil, where the singer Serge Gainsbourg used to live for many years. Very close to the river bank in Satin Germain. Fully furnished apartment located in the district of Saint- Germain des Prés, It is a two rooms with an area of approximately 40 m² located rue de Verneuil in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , in the heart of Saint- Germain des Prés. It is located on the 2nd floor and has a lift. It has a lounge / dining room , a bedroom , a kitchen and a bathroom. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people , either a leisure or business trip. The nearest metro station is "" Rue du Bac "" . Equipment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Elevator - intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Sofa bed width 140 - Linen / towels - towels - Kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - Oven - Microwave  - Toaster - kettle - Coffee - Dryer - Iron - Washing machine - vacuum - Ironing board Living /"
3233	Hello, I'm a 27 years old Italian student and I live with my Peruvian girlfriend. We rent some days per month our room with us inside :) Price of hostel, but in better conditions than in a hostel ! There is a bunk bed and a sofa-bed. My girlfriend and I sleep in the bunk bed, you in the sofa-bed. It's a double sofa-bed but we accept just one person for one night (except those days in which one of the two is not at the house, thus we accept two people for more than one night). Toilets and kitchen are in the middle of the department, between our room and another, which is normally rented on Airbnb too. The view is breath-taking ;)	Hello, I'm a 27 years old Italian student and I live with my Peruvian girlfriend. We rent some days per month our room with us inside :) Price of hostel, but in better conditions than in a hostel ! Hello, I'm a 27 years old Italian student and I live with my Peruvian girlfriend. We rent some days per month our room with us inside :) Price of hostel, but in better conditions than in a hostel ! There is a bunk bed and a sofa-bed. My girlfriend and I sleep in the bunk bed, you in the sofa-bed. It's a double sofa-bed but we accept just one person for one night (except those days in which one of the two is not at the house, thus we accept two people for more than one night). Toilets and kitchen are in the middle of the department, between our room and another, which is normally rented on Airbnb too. The view is breath-taking ;) The apartment is equipped with toilets and a kitchen. We have WiFi, washing machine, and you can also have breakfast in the kitchen with our products. We don't prepa
3234	 Hello, My Paris apartment is available for short stays throughout the year.  It's newly equipped and furnished and easily sleeps up to four people comfortably: - hardwood floors throughout - brand new queen size bed - large L-shaped couch that opens to a queen size bed - large flat screen 1080i HD television - wifi internet throughout - free phone calls abroad - large wooden desk - american kitchen - full-size fridgerator - gas stove - full-size oven - Nespresso espresso machine w/ capsules provided - INCREDIBLE waterfall shower (the best) - washing maching/dryer - piano (if you play, feel free) - manager on-site who can assist with any trouble - no smoking inside please This apartment is centrally-located and ideal for a Parisian vacation.  Perfect for families.  I'm a professor and lawyer, and work often takes me out of town for the weekends (usually to London or Berlin), but otherwise it serves as my principal residence.   The neighborhood is great:  I'm located right next to one o	Great apartment on a quiet street in the heart of the left bank.  Sleeps four comfortably (two queen size beds), just 10 minutes from Blvd Saint-Germain-des-Prés, amazing restaurants and easy transport within 5 minutes walk.  Great shower too!  Hello, My Paris apartment is available for short stays throughout the year.  It's newly equipped and furnished and easily sleeps up to four people comfortably: - hardwood floors throughout - brand new queen size bed - large L-shaped couch that opens to a queen size bed - large flat screen 1080i HD television - wifi internet throughout - free phone calls abroad - large wooden desk - american kitchen - full-size fridgerator - gas stove - full-size oven - Nespresso espresso machine w/ capsules provided - INCREDIBLE waterfall shower (the best) - washing maching/dryer - piano (if you play, feel free) - manager on-site who can assist with any trouble - no smoking inside please This apartment is centrally-located and ideal for a Parisian vacation.  Per
3235	Very nice duplex conveniently located close to Saint Germain des Pres. In the heart of the antique district and 100 meters from the Pont Royal, the Tuileries gardens, the Orsay Museum and the Louvre, come live a wonderful week in the heart of Paris! Shops and transports are also really close. This charming duplex has high ceiling (6 meters) and a loft bedroom. You will appreciate its south exposure and large windows. The duplex is at the top of a modern building. It has a bathroom: shower, basin, heated towel rail and washing machine. A large and comfortable sofa bed is available in the living room. The sleeping room has large closets and KING SIZE BED. The matress can memories your form, affering all the necessary comfort to recover after a long walk in Paris! On the Saint Germain Boulevard you can have some drinks at the CAFE DE FLORE and discover the streets of the LATIN NEIGHBORHOOD. At the end of your day, don't hesitate to take a glass of rosé wine on the side of the Seine river.	Very nice duplex conveniently located close to Saint Germain des Pres. In the heart of the antique district and 100 meters from the Pont Royal, the Tuileries gardens, the Orsay Museum and the Louvre, come live a wonderful week in the heart of Paris! Shops and transports are also really close. This charming duplex has high ceiling (6 meters) and a loft bedroom. You will appreciate its south exposure and large windows. The duplex is at the top of a modern building. It has a bathroom: shower, basin, heated towel rail and washing machine. A large and comfortable sofa bed is available in the living room. The sleeping room has large closets and KING SIZE BED. The matress can memories your form, affering all the necessary comfort to recover after a long walk in Paris! On the Saint Germain Boulevard you can have some drinks at the CAFE DE FLORE and discover the streets of the LATIN NEIGHBORHOOD. At the end of your day, don't hesitate to take a glass of rosé wine on the side of the Seine river.
3236		This cozy apartment has a separate bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a kitchen, a dining area, sofas and a cabled TV. Great Wifi One sofa is a convertible double bed. There is a private bathroom with a large shower and washing machine.
3237	Located on a quite street, on the 2nd floor of a traditional Parisian building, it is your perfect nest after a long day of sightseeing. 20 Sq m decor from the fifties, wooden floor and very warm feeling. The living room is furnished with 100% French and Italian furniture from the 50s.  The sofa bed, made in Italy with Iroko wood, is great while watching TV, and becomes a very comfortable french double bed for the night. On the ceiling a modern Boffi fan will refresh you in the summer. The kitchenette, equipped with 2 induction hobs, will allow you to cook when too tired to go out, and to prepare a delicious french breakfast.  The bathroom is covered with natural Italian stone imported from Italy.  The Boffi shower has a chromotherapy lighting system that will relax you at night and will wake you up in the morning. Free speed internet and Cable Tv with many channels to use, but I am sure you won’t need it. There is enough to see in Paris!	Beautiful Apartment in the best location in Paris, the heart of Saint Germain Des Prés. Located on a quite street, on the 2nd floor of a traditional Parisian building, it is your perfect nest after a long day of sightseeing. 20 Sq m decor from the fifties, wooden floor and very warm feeling. The living room is furnished with 100% French and Italian furniture from the 50s.  The sofa bed, made in Italy with Iroko wood, is great while watching TV, and becomes a very comfortable french double bed for the night. On the ceiling a modern Boffi fan will refresh you in the summer. The kitchenette, equipped with 2 induction hobs, will allow you to cook when too tired to go out, and to prepare a delicious french breakfast.  The bathroom is covered with natural Italian stone imported from Italy.  The Boffi shower has a chromotherapy lighting system that will relax you at night and will wake you up in the morning. Free speed internet and Cable Tv with many channels to use, but I am sure you won’t n
3238	Excellent location for easy access to the exceptional major sites: Louvre Palace, Musey d’Orsay, Latin Quarter, Notre Dame de Paris, Jardins des Tuileries. You can agreeably walk 2 minutes to the River Seine or the luxurious street of the charming Saint-Germain-des-Prés with its famous boutiques and shops. Nearest metro stations - Palais Royale - Musee de Louvre, Musee d’Orsey (RER) and numerous buses.  There is a huge choice of café, bars, restaurants and a famous delicatessen within meters of the house. On the adjacent street, there is a range of amenities and a small well stocked supermarket. The studio is freshly renovated and impeccably furnished to the highest standards, equally suitable for guests travelling for business or leisure. The apartment is fully furnished with open plan integrated kitchen (with cafe machine, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, freezer), living area and good sized modern bathroom with bath. There is an ordinary double bed (150cm wide) 	Ideally suited charming studio in the historical center of Paris between Louvre, Musée d'Orsay and Saint-Germain-des-Prés for anyone seeking to make the most of Paris. You will enjoy the brilliant location and exceptional quality of this studio Excellent location for easy access to the exceptional major sites: Louvre Palace, Musey d’Orsay, Latin Quarter, Notre Dame de Paris, Jardins des Tuileries. You can agreeably walk 2 minutes to the River Seine or the luxurious street of the charming Saint-Germain-des-Prés with its famous boutiques and shops. Nearest metro stations - Palais Royale - Musee de Louvre, Musee d’Orsey (RER) and numerous buses.  There is a huge choice of café, bars, restaurants and a famous delicatessen within meters of the house. On the adjacent street, there is a range of amenities and a small well stocked supermarket. The studio is freshly renovated and impeccably furnished to the highest standards, equally suitable for guests travelling for business or leisure. The a
3239	There’s a bathroom with a shower. There is a fully fitted kitchen with fridge, oven and everything needed for cooking and eating. Washing machine.  WiFi connection available.  Fresh towels and sheets furnished. If you have any questions feel free to contact me. A bientôt !  Augustin	There’s a bathroom with a shower. There is a fully fitted kitchen with fridge, oven and everything needed for cooking and eating. Washing machine.  WiFi connection available.  Fresh towels and sheets furnished. If you have any questions feel free to contact me. A bientôt !  Augustin All the studio is yours ! If you have any problems or questions you can contact me to this number : (phone number hidden)  I wish you a good stay and especially to feel good in this apartment.  I decorated and arranged for it to be as welcoming as possible. 5 min walking distance from the Louvre Museum & and the Tuileries.  10 min walking distance from the Galeries Lafayette  10 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower You’ll find everyrhing in the neighborood, from (lots of !) restaurants and cafés to market places, travel agencies, supermarkets,  post office, banks, museums book shops, cinemas, an hospital, lots of buses stops,metro and RER stations, two major railway stations (Gare de Montaparnasse, Ga
3240	The room will give you a brilliant view on the Eiffel Tower. It's very quiet. You will sleep until 3 persons because there  a bed for 2 and a bed for 1. You have access The loft is share with 2 others who have their rooms. 	Room with moldings and fireplace on the ground floor with amazing view of the Eiffel Tower in an 80m2-apartment. Very quiet, the room overlooks a courtyard. Small en-suite bathroom with shower in the room. A large bed for 2 + a single bed. The room will give you a brilliant view on the Eiffel Tower. It's very quiet. You will sleep until 3 persons because there  a bed for 2 and a bed for 1. You have access The loft is share with 2 others who have their rooms.  you'll be able to cook (+dishwasher), to do laundry !
3241	Situé au 4ème étage, ce duplex atypique de 170m2 propose une petite chambre douillette de 10m2 pour un voyageur. Entièrement rénovée avec une salle de douche privative attenante, vous serez séduit par son calme et son charme. Les toilettes à l'étage sont à partager. Le linge de maison est fourni (draps et serviettes) ainsi qu’une clé de l’appartement. 	Ancien hôtel particulier transformé en duplex  situé dans le charmant quartier du 7ème arrondissement de Paris à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et de la Rue Cler. Chambre douillette avec salle de douche privative. Bed&Breakfast Situé au 4ème étage, ce duplex atypique de 170m2 propose une petite chambre douillette de 10m2 pour un voyageur. Entièrement rénovée avec une salle de douche privative attenante, vous serez séduit par son calme et son charme. Les toilettes à l'étage sont à partager. Le linge de maison est fourni (draps et serviettes) ainsi qu’une clé de l’appartement. Les voyageurs disposent d’un petit salon à l’étage ou bien peuvent partager un moment ou un thé avec nous devant la cheminée! La cuisine est à leur disposition et le petit déjeuner leur sera servi entre 8H et 10H dans la salle à manger ou sur le balcon aux beaux jours! Si je suis absente, le petit déjeuner sera prêt sur un plateau dans la cuisine. Le voyageur fera alors comme chez lui. Je vous accueillerai personnellem
3242	An exquisite apartment situated in this highly regarded and exclusive residential building that has been refurbished to an exceptional standard. Approximately (207 sq m) The apartment offers a superb reception room ideal for entertaining with direct access leading out to a west facing terrace. Further accommodation includes a spacious master bedroom suite with dressing lobby and large bathroom incorporating a steam room. There are two further bedrooms one with an en suite and a further shower/cloakroom. The apartment is air cooled throughout with under floor heating.	An exquisite apartment situated in this highly regarded and exclusive residential building that has been refurbished to an exceptional standard. Approximately (207 sq m) The apartment offers a superb reception room ideal for entertaining with direct access leading out to a west facing terrace. Further accommodation includes a spacious master bedroom suite with dressing lobby and large bathroom incorporating a steam room. There are two further bedrooms one with an en suite and a further shower/cloakroom. The apartment is air cooled throughout with under floor heating.
3243	L'appartement est très chaleureux, vous devez prendre une petite ruelle pour accéder à l'immeuble  ce qui fait que nous sommes en plein centre de Paris mais au plus grand des calmes. Il y'a une petite cuisine (plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, four, micro-ondes, toasteur..) ;une salle de bain avec baignoire, et le salon avec un canapé, une télévision et un grand lit. Je possède de nombreux magazines et livres, ainsi que des guides de Paris si vous souhaitez vous reposer calmement le soir, sinon il y'a la télévision et un lecteur DVD ainsi qu'Internet. The flat is warm, you need to walk in a little passage to arrive at the building., that's why you're in the center of Paris but in a quiet flat !  There is a litlle kitchen (cooktop, fridge, toaster, microwave), bathroom with a litlle bath, and the living room with the sofa, bed and television. There is a lot of books  and magazines, and also internet and the dvd rom drive.	Je loue ce studio idéalement situé au coeur de Paris : à côté des Invalides, des quais et d'une rue avec de nombreux restaurants/bars ; à 10 minutes à pied de : la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, le Grand Palais, la place de la Concorde.. L'appartement est très chaleureux, vous devez prendre une petite ruelle pour accéder à l'immeuble  ce qui fait que nous sommes en plein centre de Paris mais au plus grand des calmes. Il y'a une petite cuisine (plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, four, micro-ondes, toasteur..) ;une salle de bain avec baignoire, et le salon avec un canapé, une télévision et un grand lit. Je possède de nombreux magazines et livres, ainsi que des guides de Paris si vous souhaitez vous reposer calmement le soir, sinon il y'a la télévision et un lecteur DVD ainsi qu'Internet. The flat is warm, you need to walk in a little passage to arrive at the building., that's why you're in the center of Paris but in a quiet flat !  There is a litlle kitchen (cooktop, fridge, toaster, 
3244	Cet appartement est situé dans une zone particulièrement calme et résidentielle de Paris. Il est incroyablement silencieux malgré un environnement prestigieux et vivant. Nombre d'habitants y parlent anglais (l'Université américaine à Paris se trouve tout à coté) ou italien (le lycée italien Léonard de Vinci, se situe lui aussi dans l'environnement proche). Vous serez installé entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides, le Grand Palais et les Champs Elysées, l'avenue Montaigne et le boulevard Saint-Germain. Vous êtes à moins de 100m de la Seine dont les quais (quai d'Orsay) ont été aménagés pour les piétons et les vélos. Les promeneurs pourront se rendre à pied Place de la Concorde, au Grand et au Petit Palais, au Musée de l'Orangerie, au Musée d'Orsay ou même au Louvre en empruntant le jardin des Tuileries. Pour se mêler plus intimement à la vie des parisiens ils pourront flâner rue Cler où se trouve l'un des plus spectaculaire marché de Paris... Le quartier est également un lieu gastronomi	Cet appartement silencieux et tout équipé sur 60m2 au 1er étage avec ascenseur, situé dans une zone très calme et résidentielle de Paris offre une chambre et un dressing, un séjour avec un espace salle à manger , une cuisine, une salle de bain et WC. Cet appartement est situé dans une zone particulièrement calme et résidentielle de Paris. Il est incroyablement silencieux malgré un environnement prestigieux et vivant. Nombre d'habitants y parlent anglais (l'Université américaine à Paris se trouve tout à coté) ou italien (le lycée italien Léonard de Vinci, se situe lui aussi dans l'environnement proche). Vous serez installé entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides, le Grand Palais et les Champs Elysées, l'avenue Montaigne et le boulevard Saint-Germain. Vous êtes à moins de 100m de la Seine dont les quais (quai d'Orsay) ont été aménagés pour les piétons et les vélos. Les promeneurs pourront se rendre à pied Place de la Concorde, au Grand et au Petit Palais, au Musée de l'Orangerie, au Musée 
3245	Bonjour :-) Je loue un superbe appartement à quelques pas du Bon Marché! L'appartement est situé au coeur du 7 ème arrondissement, un quartier très vivant avec ses nombreux restaurants, bars et commerces. Idéal pour faire une vraie journée de shopping grâce au Bon Marché lieu culte parisien! L'appartement est au 4 ème étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien très sécurisé par un digicode et un interphone. Il est très lumineux et ensoleillé. Vous y séjournerez confortablement à 2 personnes. Il est composé de :  - une pièce à vivre avec un grand canapé lit double très confortable et une kitchenette toute équipée avec un four , un micro-ondes, des plaques électriques, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, un lave-linge, etc... - une salle de bain avec une douche, un lavabo et des toilettes - une coin repas dans le salon (table et chaises)  Vous pourrez profiter d'un accès Internet WIFI. Les stations de métro se trouvent à quelques pas :  - Sèvres Babylone (lignes 12 et 10) - Saint Sulpice (lign	Bonjour :-) Je loue un superbe appartement à quelques pas du Bon Marché! L'appartement est situé au coeur du 7 ème arrondissement, un quartier très vivant avec ses nombreux restaurants, bars et commerces. Idéal pour faire une vraie journée de shopping grâce au Bon Marché lieu culte parisien! L'appartement est au 4 ème étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien très sécurisé par un digicode et un interphone. Il est très lumineux et ensoleillé. Vous y séjournerez confortablement à 2 personnes. Il est composé de :  - une pièce à vivre avec un grand canapé lit double très confortable et une kitchenette toute équipée avec un four , un micro-ondes, des plaques électriques, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, un lave-linge, etc... - une salle de bain avec une douche, un lavabo et des toilettes - une coin repas dans le salon (table et chaises)  Vous pourrez profiter d'un accès Internet WIFI. Les stations de métro se trouvent à quelques pas :  - Sèvres Babylone (lignes 12 et 10) - Saint Sulpice (lign
3246	You won't regret the calm that procures a night at my place after a crazy day in paris' streets!!	You won't regret the calm that procures a night at my place after a crazy day in paris' streets!! Wifi, playstation, oven, micro-wave, fridge, toaster, blender. You'll be able to reach me by text or whatsapp. 2 minutes away from the Eiffel tower, You'll be in a calm and central place at the same time! Subway 2 minutes away, with the lign 8 witch cross all the city! I do not have a washing machine in my place, but there is a lavomatic in the same building so it won't be difficult for you to clean your clothes!
3247	Large private bedroom in a magnificent apartment of 57m2 giving on very quiet court. The apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Parisian building just a step from the Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement. The neighborhood is very pleasant, you will find in the Saint Dominique street plenty of grocery stores and restaurants.	Very beautiful private bedroom in a magnificent apartment located in the heart of the 7th district. Large private bedroom in a magnificent apartment of 57m2 giving on very quiet court. The apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Parisian building just a step from the Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the 7th arrondissement. The neighborhood is very pleasant, you will find in the Saint Dominique street plenty of grocery stores and restaurants. I live with a roommate, who has a separate bedroom, and who will be there during your stay here. I might also be there from time to time. You will have of course access to all the common areas: living room (sofa, TV, two big cushions), equipped kitchen (big refrigerator, induction cookers), and bathroom with a bathtub. The WiFi, towels, sheet, electricity and heating are of course included in the indicated price. We also have cable TV via Free with Bein for sport fans, as well as a PS4 :) Even if we moved not long ago, do not hesitate to
3248	Nestled above the Rue du Dragon in the bustling St. Germain des Pres neighborhood, this one bedroom Paris vacation rental provides a quiet retreat with comfortable living, working, and dining spaces. This unit features high ceilings, tall windows, hardwood floors, and built-in bookshelves. The living room includes a small dining table with window view. The living space is furnished with tone-on-tone coloring, creating a peaceful palette of natural woods, creams, and whites. The bedroom has a king-size bed that can be separated into two twin beds to suit. A large bureau, garret walls, and French windows complete this room. The spacious bathroom is styled with white tile, has a deep soaking tub with shower, washbasin, and WC. The kitchen includes top of the line appliances as well as tiled floors in a black and white design. The kitchen’s café table and chairs offer an alternative dining space as well as a window view.	Nestled above the Rue du Dragon in the bustling St. Germain des Pres neighborhood, this one bedroom provides a quiet retreat with comfortable living, working, and dining spaces. Nestled above the Rue du Dragon in the bustling St. Germain des Pres neighborhood, this one bedroom Paris vacation rental provides a quiet retreat with comfortable living, working, and dining spaces. This unit features high ceilings, tall windows, hardwood floors, and built-in bookshelves. The living room includes a small dining table with window view. The living space is furnished with tone-on-tone coloring, creating a peaceful palette of natural woods, creams, and whites. The bedroom has a king-size bed that can be separated into two twin beds to suit. A large bureau, garret walls, and French windows complete this room. The spacious bathroom is styled with white tile, has a deep soaking tub with shower, washbasin, and WC. The kitchen includes top of the line appliances as well as tiled floors in a black and w
3249	Large sitting room with dining facilities, open kitchen and adjacent TV room. Bedroom with queen size bed Bathroom with italian shower. All cooking and laundry equipment provided, as well as cable TV and wifi connection. Convertible couch in the sitting room can provide extra capacity for 1 or 2 people, but we suggest a rental for 2 only, to fully enjoy the place. 	Luxurious 19th century building, one of the most sought after areas in central Paris, at walking distance from the river Seine, Saint Germain des Prés, Montparnasse and the Eiffel tower. Minimum rental 1 week. Large sitting room with dining facilities, open kitchen and adjacent TV room. Bedroom with queen size bed Bathroom with italian shower. All cooking and laundry equipment provided, as well as cable TV and wifi connection. Convertible couch in the sitting room can provide extra capacity for 1 or 2 people, but we suggest a rental for 2 only, to fully enjoy the place. A unique location in central Paris, perfect for enjoying a visit with direct access to most monuments. We wish to talk with our guests, by telephone rather than mail, prior to confirming rental You will enjoy a residential and classy area, with lots of restaurants, « bistrots » and all food retail shops at hand. 10 minutes walk to the river Seine (Alexandre III bridge) ; 15 minutes walk to Champs Elysées, Montparnasse, 
3250	This romantic apartment is ideal for a couple but can accommodate three persons:  there is a large bedroom with a functional fire place, a non-cabled television to watch DVDs from the bed (200x140)  A reception room with comfortable and classy furnitures -sofa bed, two settees- large table with capacity of 8 guests,  An open kitchen fully equipped. Large fridge and freezer, 4 cook top, oven, washing machine, coffee machine with filter, micro-wave, toaster, fire alarm and extinguisher   Bathroom with bathtub, hairdryer, tumble-dryer Independent toilet.  If you are looking for the Parisian lifestyle, this is the place! 	This romantic apartment is ideal for a couple but can accommodate three persons:  there is a large bedroom with a functional fire place, a non-cabled television to watch DVDs from the bed (200x140)  A reception room with comfortable and classy furnitures -sofa bed, two settees- large table with capacity of 8 guests,  An open kitchen fully equipped. Large fridge and freezer, 4 cook top, oven, washing machine, coffee machine with filter, micro-wave, toaster, fire alarm and extinguisher   Bathroom with bathtub, hairdryer, tumble-dryer Independent toilet.  If you are looking for the Parisian lifestyle, this is the place!  - Key-contact  - Supplement: visits of museums and tour of Paris proposed by Parisian student in History of Arts (speaks fluently English) This quiet apartment with apparent beams is located in Saint Germain des Prés next to the mythic Lutetia Hotel between Hermes and Department store Le Bon Marché and in front of Berlutti.  For sport addicts, the pleasure of your morning
3251	Walk 5 minutes to the Eiffiel tower.  Quite and Nice place.	There is a lot of way to reach the flat.  Subway: ligne 8 invalides  Bus: ligne 92 stop Bosquet saint-Dominique. Toi van tale this ligne from Montparnasse station.  Train: invalides
3252		This charming studio, apartment is located on the rue Perronet in the 7th arrondissement, on the 2 nd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people in a king size bed.
3253	"Modern apartment, cozy and well decorated, located in a lively and animated district. Central and prestigious, the 7th arrondissement of Paris is part of the so-called ""uptown"" in the city. It includes the Eiffel Tower, the National Assembly, the “Hotel des Invalides” and UNESCO Headquarters. Situated on the first floor, this apartment has 3 rooms with an area of  50m² and can accommodate 2-6 people. -Great kitchen with a sofa,  fully equipped and modern (Dishwasher, etc…) with a bar: -Comfortable lounge with a large sofa , equipped in media: TV, cable and satellite, wi-fi internet, phone. -1 Room with double bed and one large dressing  -1 Bathroom and toilet, communicating with the bedroom.  -Heating "	"Modern apartment, cozy and well decorated, located in a lively and animated district. Central and prestigious, the 7th arrondissement of Paris is part of the so-called ""uptown"" in the city. It includes the Eiffel Tower, the National Assembly, the “Hotel des Invalides” and UNESCO Headquarters. Situated on the first floor, this apartment has 3 rooms with an area of  50m² and can accommodate 2-6 people. -Great kitchen with a sofa,  fully equipped and modern (Dishwasher, etc…) with a bar: -Comfortable lounge with a large sofa , equipped in media: TV, cable and satellite, wi-fi internet, phone. -1 Room with double bed and one large dressing  -1 Bathroom and toilet, communicating with the bedroom.  -Heating Quaint and friendly neighborhood, very close to nice cafes, grocery stores, and the Eiffel Tower.   Four minute walk from Metro 8, stop Ecole Militaire."
3254	Just read the reviews... you will really feel at home in this cosy apartment, ideally located for tourists. It's close to many of the major attractions like Seine River, Rodin Museum, Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Louvre, Notre-Dame and Luxemburg Gardens.  The apartment is part of a beautiful 18th century building with Provence-style staircase. There is a big bed in the bedroom, a sleeping couch for 2 people and a comfortable matrass  for 2 more people, all with blankets, pillows and sheets. Super fast wifi,  cable tv, microwave, nespresso machine, fridge, washing machine, electric heating, hair dryer and a bath.	Welcome in my beautiful and cosy place in an 18th century building, just near Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Champs-Elysées and Seine river! Located in the lively neighborhood around rue Cler with its great market, boutiques and restaurants. Just read the reviews... you will really feel at home in this cosy apartment, ideally located for tourists. It's close to many of the major attractions like Seine River, Rodin Museum, Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Louvre, Notre-Dame and Luxemburg Gardens.  The apartment is part of a beautiful 18th century building with Provence-style staircase. There is a big bed in the bedroom, a sleeping couch for 2 people and a comfortable matrass  for 2 more people, all with blankets, pillows and sheets. Super fast wifi,  cable tv, microwave, nespresso machine, fridge, washing machine, electric heating, hair dryer and a bath. My place is  quite easily accessible by AirFrance Bus from Paris airports, stops two minutes from the
3255	BE CAREFUL : Only one room to rent for the available dates. My roommate will be living in the other one. But you will have access to the living room, the bathroom and the kitchen without any problem. A very cosy and charming flat in front of the Eiffel Tower, entirely in wooden floor. You can see it from two different rooms of the flat. The perfect place to discover our city for two people ! The proximity with les Champs de Mars let you jog at any time and enjoy the real parisian way of life.  The flat is in the 2nd floor with elevator.  You will share the apartment with my roomate but everyone is respectful, independant, clean and polite. You will have your own keys and will obvisouly have access to the apartment ! We assure you we will be discrete ! Ideal for couple #WeekEnd #Paris	2 bedroom appartment close to the Eiffel Tower with a charming living room and a full equiped kitchen. It is also close to all the main touristic attractions of Paris ! Welcome and enjoy ! For the dates please note that only ONE room is free ! 30 sec walking from the Eiffel Tower, the district is the perfect place to visit Paris. 
3256	Charming duplex apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris, and typically Rive Gauche (left Bank) with ceiling beams, on the yard (not street so no noise), calm et full of light! Very relaxing atmosphere after a day of enjoying Paris life! It has just been renovated. A nice master bedroom with a King size bed, a study room next to the living room that can be converted in a cosy bedroom with a queen size very comfortable futon, a bathroom (with a bath & shower), a fully equipped kitchen (Fridge, oven, dishwasher, Nespresso machine...) huge flat screen TV & DVD player, club armchair, sofa... & Internet of course. Close to all convenience stores, and several Metro & Bus lines nearby. Within walking distance: 10 minutes to the Invalides, 15 minutes to Musée d'Orsay, 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, 15 minutes to Saint Germain des Près, 10 minutes to Bon Marché (temple for chic Parisian Shopping) and its Grande Épicerie de Paris (Luxury grocery store) where you will find the best gastro	Find a spacious and very comfortable harbour to relax and enjoy Paris after visiting days! Ideally located between tourists attractions (Orsay and Rodin Museums, Eiffel Tower, Saint Germain) best Paris shopping (Le Bon Marché) and great restaurants ! Charming duplex apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris, and typically Rive Gauche (left Bank) with ceiling beams, on the yard (not street so no noise), calm et full of light! Very relaxing atmosphere after a day of enjoying Paris life! It has just been renovated. A nice master bedroom with a King size bed, a study room next to the living room that can be converted in a cosy bedroom with a queen size very comfortable futon, a bathroom (with a bath & shower), a fully equipped kitchen (Fridge, oven, dishwasher, Nespresso machine...) huge flat screen TV & DVD player, club armchair, sofa... & Internet of course. Close to all convenience stores, and several Metro & Bus lines nearby. Within walking distance: 10 minutes to the Invalides, 
3257		Je loue une chambre, dans un T2, donnant sur cour pour le mois de juillet en entier. L'emplacement est idéal, à proximité de la rue piétonne; la rue cler et entre le champ de mars et les invalides. Vous pourrez prendre vos repas sur le grand balcon.
3258	70m² au coeur de Paris, à quelques pas de la Seine et de St Germain des Prés. Appartement de charme, clair et fonctionnel. 	70m² au coeur de Paris, à quelques pas de la Seine et de St Germain des Prés. Appartement de charme, clair et fonctionnel. 
3259	"Upon entering the apartment, you will immediately feel that you've entered a realm of style and relaxation. From the art and photos that adorn the walls, to the modern appliances, to the luxurious linens and towels, no detail has been overlooked. The salon of the apartment provides a comfortable and elegant setting in which to entertain or unwind after a day in the city. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide a view onto the street below. Down the hall, you will find the kitchen and two bedrooms. The bedrooms have sumptuous queen-size beds and unique linens. The apartment has one large, modern bathroom and ample storage space. ""Avenue de Suffren"" represents the epitome of elegant Parisian living. Located on the third floor of a classic Haussmanian building in Paris' glorious 7th arrondissement, this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in style. The quintessential Parisian apartment, ""Avenue de Suffren"" is tastefully decorated by its owner whose style and "	"""Avenue de Suffren"" represents the epitome of elegant Parisian living. Located on the third floor of a classic Haussmanian building in Paris' glorious 7th arrondissement, this is the perfect apartment for anyone who wants to enjoy Paris in style. Upon entering the apartment, you will immediately feel that you've entered a realm of style and relaxation. From the art and photos that adorn the walls, to the modern appliances, to the luxurious linens and towels, no detail has been overlooked. The salon of the apartment provides a comfortable and elegant setting in which to entertain or unwind after a day in the city. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide a view onto the street below. Down the hall, you will find the kitchen and two bedrooms. The bedrooms have sumptuous queen-size beds and unique linens. The apartment has one large, modern bathroom and ample storage space. ""Avenue de Suffren"" represents the epitome of elegant Parisian living. Located on the third floor of a classic Haussmanian b"
3260	Pour les amateurs de musique vous serez comblés !!!	Appartement de 70m2 dans une ambiance musicale situé rue de monttessuy au pied de la tour Effeil (environ 100m). chambre au calme située côté cour , une chambre , un studio d'enregistrement , un salon salle à manger , une cuisine , une salle de bain (baignoire) , wc séparer Pour les amateurs de musique vous serez comblés !!! Tele , wifi ( ordinateur à disposition: compte invité  ) ,  Guitare , piano, batterie électronique , climatisation , chauffage , espace dressing disponible pour une durée de plus d'une semaine . Je m'occupe de remettre les clés en main propre ainsi qu'un état des lieux et fonctionnalités de l'appartement.  Je suis entièrement disponible par téléphone ou mail tout au long de votre séjour pour vous assurer un maximum de confort et informations sur Paris ! Vous vous y sentirez bien dès votre arrivé ! Le quartier est calme et très bien desservi par les transports ( Metro, bus , taxi, vélib , autolib ) Vous serez sous le charme de la rue de Monttessuy connu pour son rom
3261	Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment (one bedroom) on the 2d floor (french second floor : ground floor is 0, then 1, 2, ...) of an elevator building, viewing a quiet courtyard. Very well located, just back to rue Cler and one block from the Eiffel tower. The appartment is conveniently located near subway stations La Tour Maubourg or Ecole militaire (line 8) and by the underground train station for RER C (Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel) from where you will be directly taken to Versailles. 35 sqm (410 sqf)	Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment (one bedroom) on the 2d floor (french second floor : ground floor is 0, then 1, 2...) elevator, viewing a quiet courtyard. Very well located, just back to rue Cler and one block from Eiffel tower. Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment (one bedroom) on the 2d floor (french second floor : ground floor is 0, then 1, 2, ...) of an elevator building, viewing a quiet courtyard. Very well located, just back to rue Cler and one block from the Eiffel tower. The appartment is conveniently located near subway stations La Tour Maubourg or Ecole militaire (line 8) and by the underground train station for RER C (Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel) from where you will be directly taken to Versailles. 35 sqm (410 sqf) Entire apartment by email before arrival. Welcome for check in. Then any contact by email or telephone in case needed. Very central location, very save (ambassies and ministries all around). Go around all interesting neighborhoods just by walking or a
3262	Dreaming of Paris cliché, with its architecture, its broad avenues. Of historic Paris with its Alexander III gate, the Invalides’s Esplanade, the Eiffel Tower, the Orsay Museum. Of typical Paris with its gourmet restaurants, authentic bistros... This flat is the apartment for you! Located in an elegant building of the 7th arrondissement, on the 6th floor with elevator, this apartment wooden floors and bargain-hunter decoration, will fit to families with children, friends, couples. Kitchen Enjoy breathtaking views across the rooftops of Paris and the Eiffel Tower! Fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, electric plate, refrigerator with freezer, kettle, coffee maker, food processor and all utensils.  Living room The lounge is furnished with two sofas, TV and internet access with stunning views over the golden dome of the Invalides and the magnificent Parisian roofs. You can also share a long dinner comfortably seated in the dining area.  Bedroom 2 rooms overlook a qu	Dreaming of Paris cliché, with its architecture, its broad avenues. Of historic Paris with its Alexander III gate, the Invalides’s Esplanade, the Eiffel Tower, the Orsay Museum. Of typical Paris with its gourmet restaurants, authentic bistros... This flat is the apartment for you! Located in an elegant building of the 7th arrondissement, on the 6th floor with elevator, this apartment wooden floors and bargain-hunter decoration, will fit to families with children, friends, couples. Kitchen Enjoy breathtaking views across the rooftops of Paris and the Eiffel Tower! Fully equipped with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, electric plate, refrigerator with freezer, kettle, coffee maker, food processor and all utensils.  Living room The lounge is furnished with two sofas, TV and internet access with stunning views over the golden dome of the Invalides and the magnificent Parisian roofs. You can also share a long dinner comfortably seated in the dining area.  Bedroom 2 rooms overlook a qu
3263		Chambre de bonne au 1er étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien comprenant douche, wc et plaques de cuisson + 2 lits.  L'immeuble est entre l'Ecole Militaire et la Tour Eiffel à 2 pas du Champs de Mars.
3264	Location, location, LOCATION! Great for couples, families with children and business people working in Paris but are fed up with hotels.	Lovely 2 Room (+ 1 Bathroom) flat in the 7th beside Rue St-Dominique - the best neighbourhood in Paris. Only 600m from the Eiffel Tower. Includes: wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, large fridge/freezer, full oven, microwave & Netflix.  Flat is on the 4th floor, no elevator. Location, location, LOCATION! Great for couples, families with children and business people working in Paris but are fed up with hotels. - Complimentary tea - Free Wifi - Access to Netflix - Can use Apple TV to streaming music via iPhone/iPad to speakers. (Can also connect to speakers directly using cable for other phones or devices).  - Large fridge and freezer - A proper oven for cooking including hob The flat is 600m from the Eiffel Tower and just off one of the nicest streets in Paris - Rue Saint-Dominique. Sights: - Eiffel Tower = 5 min walk - Ecole Militaire (Metro, Line 8) = 7 min walk - Pont de l'Alma (RER) = 8 min walk - Invalides (RER) = 15 min walk - Concorde = 25 min walk (or 2 stops direct on line 8 fr
3265	Beautiful loft is located 150 meters from the Eiffel Tower. You can even see Eiffel Tower through the skylights from the bed!  A wonderful location for your stays in Paris. In the heart of Paris's museum land, 2 mns from the Musee du Quai Branly neighbouring the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de Paris, the loft has an exceptional location. Bus station, metro and RER train 5 mns from the building, a direct line to the Chateau de Versailles. Champs Elysees direct by bus, Metro or 15 minutes walking. Two amazing restaurants (French and Italian) 1 mn from the studio. 3 Paris style cafes, Bakery and supermarket across the street. Many typical French stores in the neighborhood, famous 'rue Cler' 5 mns away. Supermarket, Post office, ATM, and Bank office right across the street too. Decorated in the most charming Parisian way. A Charming 'oldstyle' bathtub makes this place unique.  The st	Beautiful loft with all comfort located 150 meters from Eiffel Tower in the heart of residential seventh arrondissement.  Beautiful loft is located 150 meters from the Eiffel Tower. You can even see Eiffel Tower through the skylights from the bed!  A wonderful location for your stays in Paris. In the heart of Paris's museum land, 2 mns from the Musee du Quai Branly neighbouring the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de Paris, the loft has an exceptional location. Bus station, metro and RER train 5 mns from the building, a direct line to the Chateau de Versailles. Champs Elysees direct by bus, Metro or 15 minutes walking. Two amazing restaurants (French and Italian) 1 mn from the studio. 3 Paris style cafes, Bakery and supermarket across the street. Many typical French stores in the neighborhood, famous 'rue Cler' 5 mns away. Supermarket, Post office, ATM, and Bank office right across t
3266	APARTMENT PARIS- 7eme ARRONDISSEMENT- Jardin du Louxemburg - Rue Pierre Leroux - #350Paris 65sqmts mts apartment, set on the second floor with elevator it consists of: ENTRANCE Small entrance with coat hangers and wardrobe. It leads to the kitchen, to the right you reach the living, each of the above rooms has its own entrance door. LIVING ROOM Comfortable living room with double sofa bed and signle sofa bed easy to open and operate, table and chairs, bookshelves, TV/DVD/cable, phone, safe and large and wide window with curtain overlooking rue Pierre Leroux. BEDROOM With double bed, bedside table, wardrobe, window with curtain overlooking rue Pierre Leroux. Bedroom has its own door. KITCHEN Fully equipped kitchen with window overlooking rue Pierre Leroux, electric stove, sink, refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker and espresso maker (both American/French and Italian), toaster, crockery, pots and pans; TOILET Separate toilet; BATHROOM en suite to the bedroom with shower/bath	Placed in a strategic spot, in a few minutes walking you can reach the Rodin Museum, the Musee de la Gare d'Orsay, Les Invalides, the Saint Sulpice church, Saint Germain de Pres, the Montparnasse tower and The Louxembourg gardens. APARTMENT PARIS- 7eme ARRONDISSEMENT- Jardin du Louxemburg - Rue Pierre Leroux - #350Paris 65sqmts mts apartment, set on the second floor with elevator it consists of: ENTRANCE Small entrance with coat hangers and wardrobe. It leads to the kitchen, to the right you reach the living, each of the above rooms has its own entrance door. LIVING ROOM Comfortable living room with double sofa bed and signle sofa bed easy to open and operate, table and chairs, bookshelves, TV/DVD/cable, phone, safe and large and wide window with curtain overlooking rue Pierre Leroux. BEDROOM With double bed, bedside table, wardrobe, window with curtain overlooking rue Pierre Leroux. Bedroom has its own door. KITCHEN Fully equipped kitchen with window overlooking rue Pierre Leroux, ele
3267		Typical and charming french flat. Perfectly located between La Tour Eiffel and Les Invalides! YOU WILL LOVE IT!! The main room includes a real kitchen and a big living room. The bedroom has a king size beb and lot of storages.
3268	While located in the heart of the hustle and bustle Saint-Germain-dés-Près, this adorable garden level apartment is a haven of peace , overlooking a flowering courtyard. One bedroom (queen sized bed) is tucked behind a discrete door that can shut off the living room or leave it open for more space. You have an en-suite bathroom with a shower, wc and sink.  Good quality sheets and towels are at our disposal. The living room offers wi-fi internet and cable tv with numerous English-speaking channels. Phone calls to many international locations are included free of charge. This apartment is the perfect place to spend a week exploring all Paris to offer. 	The apartment is located a short walk from the Louvre, the Seine and is in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près. It's on the charming rue de Verneuil, where Serge Gainsbourg once lived. Location-wise it's hard to beat... While located in the heart of the hustle and bustle Saint-Germain-dés-Près, this adorable garden level apartment is a haven of peace , overlooking a flowering courtyard. One bedroom (queen sized bed) is tucked behind a discrete door that can shut off the living room or leave it open for more space. You have an en-suite bathroom with a shower, wc and sink.  Good quality sheets and towels are at our disposal. The living room offers wi-fi internet and cable tv with numerous English-speaking channels. Phone calls to many international locations are included free of charge. This apartment is the perfect place to spend a week exploring all Paris to offer. Guests look out onto a charming courtyard.  The living room is equipped with a comfortable sleep sofa which accommodates o
3269	This studio is on 6th floor with a lift. 20 meters square large with 2 windows on a quiet and sunlight courtyard. Studio combined the confort and modern amenities of your own house. Our apartment is by along the seine quay.  Rue Universite : This street is between SEINE RIVER, INVALIDE esplanade, Eiffel TOWEL Champs de MARS with the main monument of PARIS : Concorde, Museum ORSAY, Grand PALAIS, CHAMPS Elysée, LE LOUVRE, Les TUILERIES The studio of 20 meter square large is suitable for 2 guests with 2 sleeping in a confortable sofa bed with extra mattress. The kitchen is equipped with good furniture. The bathroom is with a bathtub and modern (website hidden), internet WIFI hight speed.  	Studio with 2 windows on 6th floor with a lift. 2 windows , very sunlight, on a courtyard. Very quiet With a very confortable sofabed  Wifi hight speed. Enjoy of the pedestrian quay along the Seine at few steps with many cafes and tavern. This studio is on 6th floor with a lift. 20 meters square large with 2 windows on a quiet and sunlight courtyard. Studio combined the confort and modern amenities of your own house. Our apartment is by along the seine quay.  Rue Universite : This street is between SEINE RIVER, INVALIDE esplanade, Eiffel TOWEL Champs de MARS with the main monument of PARIS : Concorde, Museum ORSAY, Grand PALAIS, CHAMPS Elysée, LE LOUVRE, Les TUILERIES The studio of 20 meter square large is suitable for 2 guests with 2 sleeping in a confortable sofa bed with extra mattress. The kitchen is equipped with good furniture. The bathroom is with a bathtub and modern (website hidden), internet WIFI hight speed.   Train RER C pont ALMA Metro Invalide line number 8 Eiffel Tower i
3270	This appartment is located in the heart of Paris in a residential aera :Near Eiffel Tower , Invalides  and Champs Elysees . Its also a very quiet apartment in a garden court . with books , Desk work . birds are in the garden . All foods shops are near by also and beautiful clothes shops too . you will be able also to go to the park at 5 minutes walk . 	Beautiful quiet appartment  Four sleeps . with one private studio : doble bed  (  with bathroom)   one doble bedroom with private bathroom  one american kitchen  one living room  one desk room  garden court . All shops near by  This appartment is located in the heart of Paris in a residential aera :Near Eiffel Tower , Invalides  and Champs Elysees . Its also a very quiet apartment in a garden court . with books , Desk work . birds are in the garden . All foods shops are near by also and beautiful clothes shops too . you will be able also to go to the park at 5 minutes walk . you will be able to visit Eiffel Tower , Invalides , Champs Elysees by Foot or Visiting Paris by bus , subway ( invalides and la tour maubourg ) , velib or Auto lib station near by . i will be very happy to have your point of you of Paris and writting me your feelings about the city and the aera . The Neighbordwood is very quiete , safe , peacefull . with many shops , coffee , goods restaurants . Beautiful Museum o
3271	Great location near The Eiffel Tower and Invalides. The perfect place to live in Paris ! Bright and Cosy, the appartment offers all you need for a nice and lovely vacation in Paris.  • Bright living area of 30m2 : 2 Br flat (bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom) • Sunny disposition, 6th floor (no lift). The living room has a roof window with a view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower • Kitchen fully equipped and extremely functional • Double-glazed windows  • TV, DVD and Wifi internet SLEEPING IN THE FLAT : The bedroom (max height 1.60m) consists of a double mattress that can accommodate two person. It has a roof window with a view of Paris. In the living room, there is also a a comfortable mattress where two persons can sleep.  The Building is very safe with a secure front doors. Supermarket (5min.) and 24/7 convenient stores (1min.) with traditional and international food.	This is my 2 bedroom appartment nestled in the heart of the most beautiful neighbourhood in Paris. You will be within a 5mn walk to Champs de Mars and 10mn walk to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Orsay Museum. There are 2 underground lines nearby. Great location near The Eiffel Tower and Invalides. The perfect place to live in Paris ! Bright and Cosy, the appartment offers all you need for a nice and lovely vacation in Paris.  • Bright living area of 30m2 : 2 Br flat (bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom) • Sunny disposition, 6th floor (no lift). The living room has a roof window with a view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower • Kitchen fully equipped and extremely functional • Double-glazed windows  • TV, DVD and Wifi internet SLEEPING IN THE FLAT : The bedroom (max height 1.60m) consists of a double mattress that can accommodate two person. It has a roof window with a view of Paris. In the living room, there is also a a comfortable mattress where two persons can sleep.  The Building is 
3272	Located in the heart of the historical neighborhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Près, this one bedroom apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 4 people and has all the commodities you'll need for a nice and comfy stay.	Located in the heart of the historical neighborhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Près, this one bedroom apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 4 people and has all the commodities you'll need for a nice and comfy stay. Located in the heart of the historical neighborhood of Saint-Germain-Des-Près, this one bedroom apartment has a lot to offer. It can host up to 4 people and has all the commodities you'll need for a nice and comfy stay.
3273	This lovely and beautifully decorated one-bedroom apartment occupies part of a private brownstone building on the rive droite (the north bank of the Seine), in the 16th arrondissement.  Please see our Eiffel Tower-Alma description for its sister unit, a much larger apartment in which you can house the rest of the crew who are joining you.  But this place is for you. Cozy yet tasteful, everything is spotlessly arranged in utmost taste and elegance. The salon features a comfy velvet couch, side dining table, and loads of objets d'art to warm the senses.   The beautifully renovated kitchen is fully equipped and gleaming, ready to help you enjoy your morning croissant and coffee as well as those beautiful fromages and saucissons you picked up for your afternoon apéros. The bedroom is laid out in charming luxury, with the finest linens and a desk on which to pen your musings to loved ones back home.  The bath, also spotless and finished in lovely tile and marble, will make you wonder why yo	Cozy yet tasteful, everything is spotlessly arranged in utmost taste and elegance. This place will make you feel special, and at the same time, like you've always belonged here. This lovely and beautifully decorated one-bedroom apartment occupies part of a private brownstone building on the rive droite (the north bank of the Seine), in the 16th arrondissement.  Please see our Eiffel Tower-Alma description for its sister unit, a much larger apartment in which you can house the rest of the crew who are joining you.  But this place is for you. Cozy yet tasteful, everything is spotlessly arranged in utmost taste and elegance. The salon features a comfy velvet couch, side dining table, and loads of objets d'art to warm the senses.   The beautifully renovated kitchen is fully equipped and gleaming, ready to help you enjoy your morning croissant and coffee as well as those beautiful fromages and saucissons you picked up for your afternoon apéros. The bedroom is laid out in charming luxury, wi
3274	Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment renovated by architectin 2014. It offers all the modern comfort and commodities you'll need during your trip in Paris. This apartment has an area of 30sqm, it is located on the first french floor of a beautiful building. Perfect for up to 3 people. There's one living/dining room, a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, central heating, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone, television. The wooden floored living/dining room of 22 sqm with a window facing southeast is equipped with a 140cm wide sofa bed, a bookcase, and a table with chairs. The windowed bathroom has a shower, a sink, toilets and a hairdryer. The 7 sqm bedroom has one window and is equipp	Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment renovated by architectin 2014. It offers all the modern comfort and commodities you'll need during your trip in Paris. This apartment has an area of 30sqm, it is located on the first french floor of a beautiful building. Perfect for up to 3 people. There's one living/dining room, a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, international TV channels, central heating, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, phone, television. The wooden floored living/dining room of 22 sqm with a window facing southeast is equipped with a 140cm wide sofa bed, a bookcase, and a table with chairs. The windowed bathroom has a shower, a sink, toilets and a hairdryer. The 7 sqm bedroom has one window and is equipp
3275	"You enter this lovely two-bedroom apartment, located on the 3rd floor of a very secure and quiet building, off an elegant street in one of the most prestigious areas of Paris. You'll immediately feel that you've ""arrived"" in Paris as you are greeted by its tasteful, classic French décor. The sun-drenched salon invites you to flop and relax after a hard day's sightseeing with couches, a roomy table, and floor-to-ceiling windows. Newly refreshed, the master bedroom has a queen size bed, and the adjacent second bedroom has two twin beds. The beautifully updated bathroom has two sinks, & a large walk in shower. Washer & dryer are located in the bathroom. The kitchen is fully equipped. It's the perfect place to sit back and relax when you return to your Parisian ""home away from home."" =================================== Top Totally Doable Must-Do Thing In This Lifetime: (It'll Even Give You a Glimpse of the Next…) This one is squarely in the realm of the possible.  No membership required. D"	"Located on the 3rd floor of a very secure and quiet building, off an elegant street in one of the most prestigious areas of Paris. You'll immediately feel that you've ""arrived"" in Paris as you are greeted by its tasteful, classic French décor. You enter this lovely two-bedroom apartment, located on the 3rd floor of a very secure and quiet building, off an elegant street in one of the most prestigious areas of Paris. You'll immediately feel that you've ""arrived"" in Paris as you are greeted by its tasteful, classic French décor. The sun-drenched salon invites you to flop and relax after a hard day's sightseeing with couches, a roomy table, and floor-to-ceiling windows. Newly refreshed, the master bedroom has a queen size bed, and the adjacent second bedroom has two twin beds. The beautifully updated bathroom has two sinks, & a large walk in shower. Washer & dryer are located in the bathroom. The kitchen is fully equipped. It's the perfect place to sit back and relax when you return to yo"
3276	The Amazing view of the Eiffel Tower!	This charming apartment is at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, you will be at the heart of the main sights of Paris. The fabulous view of the Eiffel Tower, will leave you with unforgettable memories. Feel like home and enjoy your stay in Paris The Amazing view of the Eiffel Tower! From CDG Airport:Around 1 hour take RER B direction Laplace and up at St Michel /Notre Dame station St Michel/Notre Dame take RER C direction Pontoise and get off at Pont de L'Alma station You are at 7/8 mnts walking to the apartment Outside Pont de L'Alma station take Quai Branly on your right and go straight,just after Quai Branly Museum take Avenue de la Bourdonnais on your left and go straight ,Avenue Sylvestre de Sacy begin at the N°20 of Avenue de la Bourdonnais Have a nice trip  Philippe
3277		"The studio is located at the foot of La Tour Maubourg metro, 10 minutes walk from the very famous and beautiful Eiffel Tower, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the famous district ""Gros Caillou"". "
3278	This is a very high class building with a secured access. The flat is situated on the 1st floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks the courtyard. With its modern decoration, this studio is distinguished by top quality materials and facilities. The open entrance leads to a bathroom and the kitchen. The open plan kitchen opens onto the main room and is equipped with hot plates, an oven and a dishwasher. The living room has a large window which bathed the room with light and allowed a nice view on the quite courtyard. The living has a 160 cm sofa bed, a dining table, a flat screen TV and cupboard. At the end of the studio, the nice bathroom completes the studio.	This beautiful studio with and original and elegant decoration is exceptional. Equipped with sophisticated and high-end furniture, it is functional. Located in the upscale neighborhood of the Invalides, you will be close to the Eiffel Tower. This is a very high class building with a secured access. The flat is situated on the 1st floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and overlooks the courtyard. With its modern decoration, this studio is distinguished by top quality materials and facilities. The open entrance leads to a bathroom and the kitchen. The open plan kitchen opens onto the main room and is equipped with hot plates, an oven and a dishwasher. The living room has a large window which bathed the room with light and allowed a nice view on the quite courtyard. The living has a 160 cm sofa bed, a dining table, a flat screen TV and cupboard. At the end of the studio, the nice bathroom completes the studio. Invalides’ neighborhood is well known for its golden dome, recognizable f
3279	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. 	Amazing apartment with amazing view is located in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the Eiffel Prestige Apartment of Paris. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.  Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Skyline Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly reco
3280	Inclus: Guide des bonnes adresses du quartier en format numérique (supermarchés à proximité, bars, traiteur chinois, restaurants...)	Typical parisian apt peaceful, 70m² large, just nex to the venue de Breteuil, 3 chambres de 12m², SDB & WC partagé.  Très fonctionnel. Fibre internet, bouquet Canal+ & Bein sport 3 double beds and a sofa bed (2 persons)
3281		logement lumineux et bien conçu, quartier très sympa en plein coeur du 7ème arrondissement, tout proche de la tour eiffel, ascenseur dans l'immeuble, douche design et confort. Grille-pain et bouilloire à votre disposition. you will have your own flat for yourself. the flat is in between ecole militaire (metro 8) and pont de l'alma (RER C) or alma marceau (metro 9)
3282	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms to accommodate up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. 	Amazing apartment with amazing view is located in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 2 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to the Eiffel Skyline Apartment of Paris. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 2 bedrooms to accommodate up to 5 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.  Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Skyline Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recom
3283		Beautiful 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of the 7th district of Paris, walking distance from the Invalides, the Rodin Museum and the Bon Marché. 
3284	All basic necessities in case of longer stay from washing machine, iron, iron desk, hairdryer etc. included.	Spacious 1-bedroom apartment in the touristic hotspot of Paris with lots of shops, restaurants & caffees. 1st floor in lovely building with inner courtyard. Walking distance: Tour Eiffel (5min) , Champs Elysees (20min) and Place de Concorde (15min). Metro stop: Tour Moubourg (line 8). All basic necessities in case of longer stay from washing machine, iron, iron desk, hairdryer etc. included. In addition to metro bus stop is 200m away and a bus can take u in 10min to Arc the Triumph. Neighborhood is one of the safest and most touristic in Paris however still because of hight rentals predominantly Parisians inhabit it.  One of trendiest streets Rue Saint Dominique is just at the corner and takes you directly to Tour Eiffel.
3285		Dans un immeuble du XVIIè siécle, appartement typique de Saint Germain des Près avec tomettes d'origine et poutres apparentes. In a 17th century building, a Saint Germain des Pres apartment true to the style of the area, has original red floor tiling and exposed wood beams. 
3286	Stylish, comfortable and full of character, enter a space where art adorns every wall and the ambiance is refined with a touch of decadence. If you can bear to leave, Paris’s finest museums, markets, boutiques and ‘boulangeries’ await you in the direct vicinity. Your Parisian home from home is: -SPACIOUS: 80m² / 861.11ft² -FLEXIBLE: welcomes up to 4 guests. Choose the bed set up (eg: 2 double beds, 3 or 4 singles…) and type of bedding (duvets, blankets) before your arrival. -CALM: tucked away in the second courtyard. -DESIGN: planned by a renowned French Interior Designer. -CONNECTED: high-speed WIFI throughout the apartment. -SAFE: high security building, with parking possible. -HOMELY: small private park in front of the building. -CENTRAL: close to metros St Francois Xavier (150m), Vaneau (250m), Sèvres Babylon (300m). -CULTURAL: the Rodin, Maillol, Invalides, Orsay and Louvre museums are all between 5-15 minutes walking distance. -CONVENIENT: a pharmacy, two Carrefour supermarkets a	Imagine living a unique moment of taste and luxury, at the heart of the world’s most romantic city. This exquisitely Parisian residence is a pearl in the capital’s 7th district, an area also home to the French Prime Minister. Stylish, comfortable and full of character, enter a space where art adorns every wall and the ambiance is refined with a touch of decadence. If you can bear to leave, Paris’s finest museums, markets, boutiques and ‘boulangeries’ await you in the direct vicinity. Your Parisian home from home is: -SPACIOUS: 80m² / 861.11ft² -FLEXIBLE: welcomes up to 4 guests. Choose the bed set up (eg: 2 double beds, 3 or 4 singles…) and type of bedding (duvets, blankets) before your arrival. -CALM: tucked away in the second courtyard. -DESIGN: planned by a renowned French Interior Designer. -CONNECTED: high-speed WIFI throughout the apartment. -SAFE: high security building, with parking possible. -HOMELY: small private park in front of the building. -CENTRAL: close to metros St Fra
3287	CASA MARIE is a charming and typical 1-bedroom Parisian apartment facing the Basilique Sainte Clotilde and ideally located in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris in Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près.    CASA MARIE is a charming and typical 1-bedroom Parisian apartment facing the Basilique Sainte Clotilde and ideally located in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris in Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près. Located on the ground floor of a quiet residential building, and newly refurbished CASA MARIE is able to accommodate 2 persons in its clean, simple and minimalist open space. The bedroom has a double bed and is connected to the bathroom which has a shower and toilet. The salon connects seamlessly to the dining area and fully equipped kitchen. The apartment is comfortable and spacious for 2 persons. CASA MARIE is located in the chic neighborhood of Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près. It is directly facing the Basiliq	CASA MARIE is a charming and typical 1-bedroom Parisian apartment facing the Basilique Sainte Clotilde and ideally located in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris in Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près.    CASA MARIE is a charming and typical 1-bedroom Parisian apartment facing the Basilique Sainte Clotilde and ideally located in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris in Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près.    CASA MARIE is a charming and typical 1-bedroom Parisian apartment facing the Basilique Sainte Clotilde and ideally located in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris in Les Invalides at the edge of Saint Germain de Près. Located on the ground floor of a quiet residential building, and newly refurbished CASA MARIE is able to accommodate 2 persons in its clean, simple and minimalist open space. The bedroom has a double bed and is connected to the bathroom which has a shower and toilet. The salon connects seamlessly to the
3288	Au cœur du 7ème arrondissement vivant, l'appartement est à moins de 10min de ses différents points stratégiques de la capitale : Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Quai Branly, Place de la Concorde et à 15min des Champs Elysées !	Lovely Flat at 5min at the bottom of Eiffel Tower! 40m², sofa bed, big bath, American kitchen and ... Queen Size bed and flowery terrace! (with 2 TV, internet, wash dishes, washing machine) Completed for a couple and 4 people also.
3289	"Charming studio under the roof on the 5th and top floor without elevator, with open view in a quiet area. Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Invalides and only few minutes from Saint Germain des Prés or the Eiffel Tower thanks to many subway lines (phone number hidden)) or buses. Renovated, the apartment is clean and well organized: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, Nespresso), bathroom, ""real"" double bed and a living room with a convertible sofa for one person, dining room and a closet. "	"Charming studio under the roof with open view. Situated in a quiet area near the Eiffel Tower and Saint Germain des Prés. Charming studio under the roof on the 5th and top floor without elevator, with open view in a quiet area. Ideally situated in Paris, nearby the Invalides and only few minutes from Saint Germain des Prés or the Eiffel Tower thanks to many subway lines (phone number hidden)) or buses. Renovated, the apartment is clean and well organized: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, Nespresso), bathroom, ""real"" double bed and a living room with a convertible sofa for one person, dining room and a closet.  Télévision (international channels), unlimited wireless internet, bluetooth stereo compatible with all phones. Answer to your questions and personal accompaniment by email or phone. A personalized folder on the neighbourhood and Paris will be at your disposal in the apartment. Calm neighbourhood set in green surroundings, very readily accessible in "
3290		Dans immeuble Napoléon III, à deux pas de Saint-germain et Montparnasse et de la Tour Eiffel,très bel appartement Est Ouest donnant sur rue et jardin, constitué d'un grand séjour, grande cuisine entièrement équipée, 3 chambres, une salle de bain, toilette avec lave main Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement, la cuisine est très bien équipée. Vous serez comme chez vous près de la meilleure épicerie du Monde: La Grande Épicerie au bon marché En principe non sauf si je suis à Paris, mais je leur laisse une liste de restaurant dans le quartier ainsi que des escapades secrètes dans Paris On a plus rien a dire de Saint-Germain des Près, le plus beau quartier de Paris ou on peut se promener sans fin. C'est un immeuble calme et il indispensable de respecter la vie des autres personnes
3291	Great location and great apartment. Cozy, clean and classy. Paris is about location. Could not be better.	Lovey 2 bedroom apartment next to Champ de Mars/Eiffel tower. Exclusive neighborhood. Cozy living room, fully equipped and modern kitchen, 2 full bathrooms. Supermarket, boulangerie, shops and fresh produce market nearby. Subway within 5 minute walk Great location and great apartment. Cozy, clean and classy. Paris is about location. Could not be better. Calm and exclusive neighborhood. You will feel the Paris atmosphere. Supermarket, shops, boulangerie and fruit market around the corner. Eiffel tower is 2 blocks away. 3 minute walk from Seine River and 5 minute walk to RER and metro stops: Pont d'Alma, Ecole Militaire and Alma Marceau. Great place to stay if you are looking for a classy french style neighborhood. RER stop Pont D'Alma is within 3 minute walk. Ecole Militaire and Alma Marceau subway stops within 7 minute walk. From Airport catch RER 
3292	Close to all key monument and places (Eiffel Tower, champs Ellysee, Louvre ...) Very nice shopping street Close to all transport accommodation (train, RER, Metro, bus)	This charming studio, welcoming is very well equipped! It can accommodate two people. Close to Eiffel Tower and in central shopping street (10 minutes from the Champs Ellysee, 15 min from the Louvre), it very close to all transport accomodation Close to all key monument and places (Eiffel Tower, champs Ellysee, Louvre ...) Very nice shopping street Close to all transport accommodation (train, RER, Metro, bus) Very well equiped ( TV, cable, High speed internet connection), hoven, microwave Invalid station : RER C / metro L8
3293	Charmant Studio de 25 m² sur l'avenue de Breteuil, idéal pour un couple.  Dans une belle résidence calme avec gardien et digicode, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'une grande pièce avec un canapé d'angle convertible confortable, une grande commode et une table avec quatre chaises, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une kichenette séparée et équipée. Le studio est chauffé et dispose d'une connexion internet et d'une imprimante à disposition. 	Charming Studio of 25m² ideal for a couple, on Avenue de Breteuil, Haussmann district, smart and well attended in the heart of 7th district . Located between the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes walk from Montparnasse
3294	A well appointed 20 square meter flat, with all modern day devices needed for a comfortable stay (internet, washing machine, iron, hairdyrer etc.). The kitchenenette is well equipped and the tiny bathroom has a shower and an elf bath. Sheets & towels, and other essentials, are provided. There are a ton of books in every nook and cranny possible and guests are welcome, actually encouraged, to borrow a book during their stay. The apartment is in the 7th, 15 mins walking distance from the Eiffel tower, Quai Branly Museum. Metro Invalides/Pont d'Alma. (line 8 and 13) as well as the RER C. It fits 2 1/2 for sleeping (one queen size bed and one blow up mattress on the floor). It is situated on the second floor and is in a calm neighbourhood that has all the service needed (cafés, restaurants, shops, pharmacies - see rue Saint-Dominique) This apartment is perfect for a couple with a child, or three really chummy friends 	A well appointed 20 square meter flat, with all modern day devices needed for a comfortable stay (internet, washing machine, iron, hairdyrer etc.). The kitchenenette is well equipped and the tiny bathroom has a shower and an elf bath. Sheets & towels, and other essentials, are provided. There are a ton of books in every nook and cranny possible and guests are welcome, actually encouraged, to borrow a book during their stay. The apartment is in the 7th, 15 mins walking distance from the Eiffel tower, Quai Branly Museum. Metro Invalides/Pont d'Alma. (line 8 and 13) as well as the RER C. It fits 2 1/2 for sleeping (one queen size bed and one blow up mattress on the floor). It is situated on the second floor and is in a calm neighbourhood that has all the service needed (cafés, restaurants, shops, pharmacies - see rue Saint-Dominique) This apartment is perfect for a couple with a child, or three really chummy friends As much as they need.  Champ de Mars (Eiffel tower garden) is only 10 min
3295	Mon appartement , capacité d'accueil de 5/6 personnes, est idéalement situé, central et à dix minutes en bus de certains lieux mythiques, tels que le Louvre, les Champs Elysées, les belles boutiques sont également très proches. Les musées (Rodin), le Quai Branly, le Grand Palais, le Palais de Tokyo, tous ne sont qu'à quelques stop en bus, au pied de l'immeuble. Quant à la Tour Eiffel, il n'y a qu'à traverser la rue pour admirer sa beauté inégalée . 30euros par nuit en plus pour 6eme personne	D'une capacité de 5/6 personnes, idéalement situé entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides. Il est central, bus et metro à deux minutes, rue très commerçante. Parquet, clair, calme sur cour. Rue très touristique, commerces ouverts tard la nuit, sécurité. Possibilité 6personnes (un enfant) . 30euros/nuit pour 6eme. Mon appartement , capacité d'accueil de 5/6 personnes, est idéalement situé, central et à dix minutes en bus de certains lieux mythiques, tels que le Louvre, les Champs Elysées, les belles boutiques sont également très proches. Les musées (Rodin), le Quai Branly, le Grand Palais, le Palais de Tokyo, tous ne sont qu'à quelques stop en bus, au pied de l'immeuble. Quant à la Tour Eiffel, il n'y a qu'à traverser la rue pour admirer sa beauté inégalée . 30euros par nuit en plus pour 6eme personne Jouissance de la pleine propriété, vous serez très à votre aise, comme chez vous.  Cependant, veillez à respecter le calme qui règne dans l immeuble, étant habité principalement par des fami
3296	Superbe vue, environnement très calme, quartier très confortable. Possibilité de dormir à 3 personnes, avec 2 fauteuils depliants.	Studio très calme dans un quartier securisé avec tous les commerces necessaires dans la rue. Entièrement équipé avec une salle de bains avec baignoire. Situé à 50 mètres du métro Duroc, 500 mètres de Montparnasse et 1.5 km de la Tour Eiffel.    Superbe vue, environnement très calme, quartier très confortable. Possibilité de dormir à 3 personnes, avec 2 fauteuils (website hidden), four, micro-ondes, frigo, internet... Quartier en plein cœur de paris, à 300 m du Bon marché, 500 m des Invalides et 2 km de la Tour Eiffel. 50 mètres du métro Duroc et de divers arrêts de bus
3297	A living room space + a mezzanine where to sleep (fully equiped)	24 m² flat on the Saint-Germain boulevard. At 5 min walk, you can visit the Orsay Museum and the beautiful view on the Palais Royal and the Louvre Museum. On the other side, you will find yourself out of time having a coffee in Saint-Gerrmain A living room space + a mezzanine where to sleep (fully equiped) Free wifi TV DVD player Hi-fi system with a CD player, radio and i-phone entry Interaction is important for me. When my guests are avaible and free to have a coffee i take time to know them and give them every information they need to make their stay unforgettable
3298	Grand appartement pour 2 personnes composé de 2 pièces avec vue sur jardin conçu comme une suite d'hôtel 5 étoiles. Salon avec un grand canapé d'angle, Table basse, table haute, desserte,  TV HD 140cm, Cheminée. Chambre avec un lit XXL 160 cm, 2 tables de chevet avec tirroir. Dressing, commode, coffre fort, nombreux rangements. Cuisine entièrement équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver la vaisselle, machine a laver le linge, four, micro-onde, grille pain, bouilloire, machine a café. Vaisselle complète + Batterie de cuisine. Salle de bain avec une grande douche a l'italienne, armoire de toilettes, sèche serviettes, sèche cheveux. WC séparé.	Appartement grand luxe et très confortable de 52m2 avec vue sur jardin pour 2 personnes Situé au cœur du 7ème arrondissement entre la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides sa situation est exceptionnelle pour un séjour très agréable en plein coeur de Paris Grand appartement pour 2 personnes composé de 2 pièces avec vue sur jardin conçu comme une suite d'hôtel 5 étoiles. Salon avec un grand canapé d'angle, Table basse, table haute, desserte,  TV HD 140cm, Cheminée. Chambre avec un lit XXL 160 cm, 2 tables de chevet avec tirroir. Dressing, commode, coffre fort, nombreux rangements. Cuisine entièrement équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver la vaisselle, machine a laver le linge, four, micro-onde, grille pain, bouilloire, machine a café. Vaisselle complète + Batterie de cuisine. Salle de bain avec une grande douche a l'italienne, armoire de toilettes, sèche serviettes, sèche cheveux. WC séparé. L'appartement est situé au 2 ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble avec gardien et proté
3299	"The apartment has great view of Paris and its major monuments and tenants can enjoy beautiful sunsets over the capital. Located on the top floor the space is really quiet (the lift  goes all the way up to the sixth floor). The apartment is a duplex with AC in the bedroom. It is the perfect place for a traveller who want to stay in the best and most elegant ""arrondissement"" of the most beautiful city in the world. Walking distance from the Champs Elysées, Saint Germain, Montparnasse, Orsay museum, Grand Palais and the Eiffel tower."	"This charming 1 bedroom duplex (45 square meters) is located in the 7th arrondissement, Rue de Bourgogne on the 6 th floor (with lift) of a 18th century building. It has a spectacular view on the Eiffel tower and the roofs of Paris. Fully refurbished The apartment has great view of Paris and its major monuments and tenants can enjoy beautiful sunsets over the capital. Located on the top floor the space is really quiet (the lift  goes all the way up to the sixth floor). The apartment is a duplex with AC in the bedroom. It is the perfect place for a traveller who want to stay in the best and most elegant ""arrondissement"" of the most beautiful city in the world. Walking distance from the Champs Elysées, Saint Germain, Montparnasse, Orsay museum, Grand Palais and the Eiffel tower. Guests can enjoy the historical heart of Paris with galleries, shops, bistrots right on the street. Myself will warmely welcome guests at their arrival and will give advices. RENTAL FOR 5 NIGHTS MINIMUN The proxi"
