16800	The apartment is on the ground floor of a courtyard building. The large salon looks out on the private garden, as do both bedrooms. The master bedroom has a king size double bed, the second bedroom has a separable double bed if guests prefer two singles. The TV room has an elegant single bed with canopy. Both bathroom have baths with stand up showers and WC's.	Romantic and elegantly furnished large 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom Parisian apartment in Haussmann building, steps away from the Champs Élysées. The entire apartment surrounds a quiet private garden. A true Parisian experience! Fully equipped kitchen. The apartment is on the ground floor of a courtyard building. The large salon looks out on the private garden, as do both bedrooms. The master bedroom has a king size double bed, the second bedroom has a separable double bed if guests prefer two singles. The TV room has an elegant single bed with canopy. Both bathroom have baths with stand up showers and WC's. The apartment has a full TV connection, free Wifi, and a printer. The kitchen is fully equipped with a Nespresso machine and washer and dryer. Guests will be greeted by my team upon arrival. Just steps away from the Champs Élysées, this neighborhood offers everything of Paris at walking distance. It is also the best connected to all of Paris by metro and bus. There are several supermarket
16801	This beautiful and comfortable 80 square meters 3 bedroom apartment is located on the heart of the 8ème arrondissement, within walking distance to the Champs Elysees. On the second french floor of a 19th century walk up building, the apartment sleeps comfortably up 4 to 6 people. Living-room with sofa-bed for 2 people, a TV with international channels, Internet access (WiFi), a dining-room with large table, second sofa-bed for 2 people and 2 bedrooms with large double bed. Fully equipped kitchen fully equipped, bathroom (with shower and bathtub), a WC. This Paris vacation rental is conveniently located near all bakeries, boutiques, shops, and other stores. Shopping facilities, numerous tourist attractions in the area, restaurants, close to metro, bus stops, taxi station. Plenty to do in this area with designer shopping on Rue St. Honoré as well as a great variety of fine restaurants for every diner's tastes. Close to the Arc de Triomphe and Place de la Concorde (the beautiful Tuileries	This beautiful and comfortable 80 square meters 3 bedroom apartment is located on the heart of the 8ème arrondissement, within walking distance to the Champs Elysees. On the second french floor of a 19th century walk up building, the apartment sleeps comfortably up 4 to 6 people. Living-room with sofa-bed for 2 people, a TV with international channels, Internet access (WiFi), a dining-room with large table, second sofa-bed for 2 people and 2 bedrooms with large double bed. Fully equipped kitchen fully equipped, bathroom (with shower and bathtub), a WC. This Paris vacation rental is conveniently located near all bakeries, boutiques, shops, and other stores. Shopping facilities, numerous tourist attractions in the area, restaurants, close to metro, bus stops, taxi station. Plenty to do in this area with designer shopping on Rue St. Honoré as well as a great variety of fine restaurants for every diner's tastes. Close to the Arc de Triomphe and Place de la Concorde (the beautiful Tuileries
16802	This charmful and fully equipped 70m² flat with flowered balcony is ideally located near Champs-Elysées/Arc de Triomphe area - amazing view on Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) - to welcome 4 persons. Very large choice of coffee, chocolate and tea at your disposal. Enjoy the romantic Parisian experience with your family in my very comfortable flat, in the best touristic area of the city! 70m² flat with one large bedroom, one cosy living room, one fully equipped kitchen, one bathroom with bathtub and separate toilets with washstand. A nice 7m² balcony will allow you to enjoy the breathtaking view! 4 persons can comfortably sleep with one queen size 160x200 bed and one convertible 140x200 sofa. Very high level of comfort, everything you would need is already there: - One bedroom with queen size double bed - Living-room with one large sofa, convertible into a comfortable double 140cm  bed, dinner table for 4 to 6 persons and flat screen TV with large choice of international channels - Fully-equipp	This charmful and fully equipped 70m² flat with flowered balcony is ideally located near Champs-Elysées/Arc de Triomphe area - amazing view on Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) while being very quiet - to welcome 4 persons. Very large choice of coffee, chocolate and tea at your disposal. Enjoy the romantic Parisian experience with your family in my very comfortable flat, in the best touristic area of the city! Breakfast included! This charmful and fully equipped 70m² flat with flowered balcony is ideally located near Champs-Elysées/Arc de Triomphe area - amazing view on Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) - to welcome 4 persons. Very large choice of coffee, chocolate and tea at your disposal. Enjoy the romantic Parisian experience with your family in my very comfortable flat, in the best touristic area of the city! 70m² flat with one large bedroom, one cosy living room, one fully equipped kitchen, one bathroom with bathtub and separate toilets with washstand. A nice 7m² balcony will allow you to enjoy the
16803	Calme et propre	Studio avenue Montaigne - rare - localisation a deux pas des Champs Elysées, situé dans une arrière coure d'un immeuble Haussmanien de très haut standing, ce studio offre un confort simple et épure, salle de bain, kitchinette, un salon avec canapé lit et une chambre confortable en mezzanine. Calme et propre Au quartier du triangle dor Si demande oui, sinon discrétion totale assuree Les Champs Elysées et la proximité avec les bateaux parisiens, le centre de Paris, la Tour Eiffel, mais surtout l'avenue Montaigne, la plus belle avenue du monde Taxi, métro (Franklin D Roosvelt) buss ect Totalement sécurise gardien 24h/24
16804	Le logement est situé à deux pas de la fameuse rue saint honoré et à 10 min à pied des champs elysées, madeleine et opera. Situation idéale pour visiter paris et ses différentes attractions.	Appartement luxueux de 60m2 au cœur du 8ième arrondissement de paris situé au croisement de la rue du faubourg saint honoré, à dix minutes a pieds des champs Elysée opéra et madeleine. Le logement est situé à deux pas de la fameuse rue saint honoré et à 10 min à pied des champs elysées, madeleine et opera. Situation idéale pour visiter paris et ses différentes attractions. Le logement est entièrement mis à disposition des voyageurs ainsi que les différents équipements dont dispose l'appartement. Je serai disposé à vous renseigner tout au long de votre séjour par rapport aux itinéraires à prendre pour vos visites ainsi que pour vous conseiller de bons endroits sur paris. Idéalement situé pour découvrir paris, sans perdre de temps dans les transports, quartier calme et sécurisé à proximité du palais de l’Elysée et Matignon. Deux lignes de métro sont desservi a 100 mètres (ligne 9 et 13), ainsi que de nombreuses lignes de bus (80, 32, 22,).  Restaurants, supermarchés et commerces a proxim
16805	This charming apartment of 45 m2 is fantastically located, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue de Berri, just next to the most beautiful avenue des Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe. The street and building are really calm. It’s a fantastic place to feel the vibes of Paris. The apartment is structured as followed: Bedroom: Double bed with comfortable mattress, large wardrobe. Living room: Double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs. Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  Bathroom: Shower, WC, Washer Dryers. This apartment is on the 4th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, coffee maker, washer and dryer, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, individual electric heating, cot. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste.	This charming apartment of 45 m2 is fantastically located, quiet and cozy, can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue de Berri, just next to the most beautiful avenue des Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe. This charming apartment of 45 m2 is fantastically located, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 4 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue de Berri, just next to the most beautiful avenue des Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe. The street and building are really calm. It’s a fantastic place to feel the vibes of Paris. The apartment is structured as followed: Bedroom: Double bed with comfortable mattress, large wardrobe. Living room: Double sofa bed, flat screen TV, dining table with four chairs. Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  Bathroom: Shower, WC, Washer Dryers. This apartment is on the 4th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven, dishwasher, micr
16806		1 Bedroom George V Lux offers a accomodation in Paris. 500 meters from Avenue Champs Elysées, with balcony and  view of Eiffel Tower. Very accessible 500 meters from nearest Metro station George V located across 2 luxury apartments.  Fully furnished and çan comfortably accomodate 4 persons.
16807	Chambre de bonne située au 6ème avec ascenseur sur cour. Très calme. Petite kitchenette qui vous permet de prendre vos petits-déjeuners, frigo, cafetière etc.... Petit espace donc si vous êtes très grand (plus de 1,85 m), ce logement n'est pas pour vous... Chambre idéale pour une fille. La douche est les WC sont dans la chambre donc ce n'est pas du tout sur la palier. Vous serez donc chez vous et au calme et en sécurité. Gardienne dans l'immeuble et accès sécurisé.	Chambre parfaitement située, à 5 min à pieds de la gare Saint-Lazare, du marché Lévis très animé, du Parc Monceau, de la Madeleine, elle vous permettra de passer en solo quelques jours de balades très agréables.  Chambre pour 1 personne. Chambre de bonne située au 6ème avec ascenseur sur cour. Très calme. Petite kitchenette qui vous permet de prendre vos petits-déjeuners, frigo, cafetière etc.... Petit espace donc si vous êtes très grand (plus de 1,85 m), ce logement n'est pas pour vous... Chambre idéale pour une fille. La douche est les WC sont dans la chambre donc ce n'est pas du tout sur la palier. Vous serez donc chez vous et au calme et en sécurité. Gardienne dans l'immeuble et accès sécurisé. Tout sera mis à votre disposition pour vous aider dans votre séjour et je serai disponible afin de vous aider également. Quartier très calme au cœur du 8ème. Aux pieds de l'église Saint-Augustin, à 5 minutes du marché Lévis, à 10 min du Parc Monceau; à 15 min de la Madeleine et des Grands Ma
16808	Situé à 2 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées, proche métro George V, ce magnifique 3 pièces de style haussmanien de 60m2 pourra vous accueillir pour un séjour au coeur de la capitale. Sa situation très centrale vous permet d'être à côté de la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triomphe, place de la Concorde, le Louvre, et de profiter des plus belles boutiques de luxe avenue Montaigne. Desservi par les lignes 1 (Station George V), 2, 6 et RER A (station Charles de Gaulle Etoile), et 9 (station Franklin Roosevelt), vous vous trouvez à proximité des transports pour visiter les plus beaux endroits de Paris.  2 minutes walking from Champs Elysees, well served by public transport (metro station George V, Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Franklin Roosevelt), this charming apartment of 60m2 comprises 2 large bedrooms, a fully furnished kitchen, a sunny living room and a bathroom. Its central location is ideal to visit the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, the place de la Concorde and the Louvre.You can also en	Bel appartement haussmannien, calme et ensoleillé, à 2 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées. This beautiful apartment downtown Paris, quiet and sunny, will allow you to visit most charming places in Paris. Located very close to Champs Elysees. Situé à 2 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées, proche métro George V, ce magnifique 3 pièces de style haussmanien de 60m2 pourra vous accueillir pour un séjour au coeur de la capitale. Sa situation très centrale vous permet d'être à côté de la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triomphe, place de la Concorde, le Louvre, et de profiter des plus belles boutiques de luxe avenue Montaigne. Desservi par les lignes 1 (Station George V), 2, 6 et RER A (station Charles de Gaulle Etoile), et 9 (station Franklin Roosevelt), vous vous trouvez à proximité des transports pour visiter les plus beaux endroits de Paris.  2 minutes walking from Champs Elysees, well served by public transport (metro station George V, Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Franklin Roosevelt), this charming a
16809	"THIS ""OUTDOOR OLD FASHION"" APPARTMENT IS LOCATED AT THE FEET OF THE MIROMESNIL UNDERGROUND. YOU WILL FIND NEARBY A VELIB AND AUTOLIB PARK. LOCATED IN THE HEART OF THE 8TH ARRONDISSEMENT OF PARIS, 10 MINUTES WALK FROM THE CHAMPS ELYSEES, THE OPERA AND LA MADELEINE, CLOSE TO THE  VERY FAMOUS ""GALERIES LAFAYETTE"" AND OHTER WELL KNOWN STORES.  YOU WILL ALSO FIND MANY MOVIES AND THEATERS. THIS APPARTMENT, MOSTLY WOODEN FLOOR, HAS A REAL TWO NICE BEDROOMS (A DOUBLE BED with TV and A SINGLE BED)  , A LIVING ROOM WITH A CAOCH--- NOT A CONVERTABLE ONE--- THERE IS A BIG AND MODERN AMERICAN KITCHEN AND A NICE BATHROOM. THERE IS EVERYTHING  ONE COULD NEED : WASHING MASHINE/ DISHWASHER/OVEN. THE AREA IS VERY DYNAMIC THERE ARE LOTS OF ACIVITIES GOING ON BECAUSE THERE ARE MANY RESTAURANTS AND ""BOUTIQUES"" THE PRICE : 850 EUROS PER WEEK "	"THIS ""OUTDOOR OLD FASHION"" APPARTMENT IS LOCATED AT THE FEET OF THE MIROMESNIL UNDERGROUND. YOU WILL FIND NEARBY A VELIB AND AUTOLIB PARK. LOCATED IN THE HEART OF THE 8TH ARRONDISSEMENT OF PARIS, 10 MINUTES WALK FROM THE CHAMPS ELYSEES, THE OPERA AND LA MADELEINE, CLOSE TO THE  VERY FAMOUS ""GALERIES LAFAYETTE"" AND OHTER WELL KNOWN STORES.  YOU WILL ALSO FIND MANY MOVIES AND THEATERS. THIS APPARTMENT, MOSTLY WOODEN FLOOR, HAS A REAL TWO NICE BEDROOMS (A DOUBLE BED with TV and A SINGLE BED)  , A LIVING ROOM WITH A CAOCH--- NOT A CONVERTABLE ONE--- THERE IS A BIG AND MODERN AMERICAN KITCHEN AND A NICE BATHROOM. THERE IS EVERYTHING  ONE COULD NEED : WASHING MASHINE/ DISHWASHER/OVEN. THE AREA IS VERY DYNAMIC THERE ARE LOTS OF ACIVITIES GOING ON BECAUSE THERE ARE MANY RESTAURANTS AND ""BOUTIQUES"" THE PRICE : 850 EUROS PER WEEK "
16810		Trip the light fantastic in this superb Haussmann classic, the subject of a complete and stunning parisian ambiance by a noted interior luxury. You could only be in Paris here in the Golden Triangle with an amazing view. Very large property.
16811	L'appartement est calme, lumineux au 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble typiquement haussmannien avec un balcon filant. Il a été récemment rénové et offre tout le nécessaire pour un agréable séjour à Paris. Composé de deux chambres et d'un grand salon avec une cuisine ouverte équipée d'un four, micro ondes, plaques induction, congélateur, frigo, lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge, machine Nespresso... Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut pour cuisiner et diner sans avoir à faire la vaisselle grâce au lave vaisselle. Une grande table vous permettra de diner à 5. Un coin salon vous permettra de vous relaxer avec télévision,  canapé... Il y a deux télévisions dans l'appartement et un WIFI rapide. Possibilité d'accueil entre 2 et 5 personnes. L'appartement dispose de deux chambres dont une grande qui fait 20 mètres carrés avec une très belle cheminée blanche en marbre, deux grandes fenêtres donnant sur le balcon et avec un grand lit de 160 par 200. L'autre chambre donne sur 	L'appartement est calme, lumineux au 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble typiquement haussmannien avec un balcon filant. Il a été récemment rénové et offre tout le nécessaire pour un agréable séjour à Paris. Composé de deux chambres et d'un grand salon avec une cuisine ouverte équipée d'un four, micro ondes, plaques induction, congélateur, frigo, lave vaisselle, lave linge, sèche linge, machine Nespresso... Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut pour cuisiner et diner sans avoir à faire la vaisselle grâce au lave vaisselle. Une grande table vous permettra de diner à 5. Un coin salon vous permettra de vous relaxer avec télévision,  canapé... Il y a deux télévisions dans l'appartement et un WIFI rapide. Possibilité d'accueil entre 2 et 5 personnes. L'appartement dispose de deux chambres dont une grande qui fait 20 mètres carrés avec une très belle cheminée blanche en marbre, deux grandes fenêtres donnant sur le balcon et avec un grand lit de 160 par 200. L'autre chambre donne sur 
16812	The apartment is equipped with : Washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, Dvd player, stereo, decorative fireplace, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with :  security code, concierge. Sights close by :  Champs Elysées, Opera (1089m), La madeleine (1240m) 	This 160 square meters/1722sq/ft , 4 Bedroom, apartment is located in the 8th arrondissement, on the 5th floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 10 people. The apartment is equipped with : Washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, Dvd player, stereo, decorative fireplace, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with :  security code, concierge. Sights close by :  Champs Elysées, Opera (1089m), La madeleine (1240m) ENTRANCE  The 15 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the living and dining room. On the left, you access to the kitchen and separated toilets. LIVING and DINING The 52 square meters living room has 3 windows . It is equipped with : 4 sofa, coffee table, desk, decorative fireplace, hard wood floor. KITCHEN  The 20square meters separated kitchen has a window facing courtyard . It is equipped with : breakfast table for 6 people, fridge, freezer, dishwasher,  burn
16813	Luxury apartment near the Champs Elysées and the Parc Monceau. Haussmann building . 200m2 , 3 bedrooms. Balcony. Private Parking .	    Exceptional location near the Champs Elysees and Monceau Park. Luxurious 200m2 Haussmann on private square. Fully equipped apartment , 3 bedrooms, parking .    Luxury apartment near the Champs Elysées and the Parc Monceau. Haussmann building . 200m2 , 3 bedrooms. Balcony. Private Parking . Grand Salon . 3 bedrooms: 1 master suite with king size  bed (180x200 cm) and contemporary bathroom , bedroom with 1 bed (140x200 cm) and an extra mattress ( 90x190cm ) , 1 bedroom with twin beds (90x190 cm) and mattress additional ( 90x190cm ) + 1 bathroom + 2 toilets . Modern fully equipped kitchen. Parisian style , wooden floor , fireplace, high ceilings . Towels and linens are provided as well as shampoo, shower gel and soap for your stay.  IPad , Mac , WII, bluetooth speakers , Piano, Nespresso machine . On arrival, I will welcome you personally to the apartment where a French-English speaking member of the team, will welcome you for an informative tour and answer all your questions. We prov
16814	Lovely little 58m² apartment fully equipped and with a long balcony, perfectly situated at less than 10 minutes from the Champs Elysées.	Two bedroom apartment, with two double beds and a sofa bed. It's perfectly situated at less than a 10 minute walk away from the Champs Elysées. Appartement lumineux avec deux chambres doubles et un canapé lit dans le salon. Parfaitement situé ! Lovely little 58m² apartment fully equipped and with a long balcony, perfectly situated at less than 10 minutes from the Champs Elysées. There are 2 double beds and one sofa bed in the apartment. We'll provide clean sheets and towels and of course you'll have access to the kitchen which is fully equipped and the living room :) I share the apartment with a flatmate and one of us will be there to give you the keys and get you settled in but we won't be around during your stay. The Arc de Triomphe is at the top of our road ! Less than a 10 minute walk from the RER line A and metro lines 2, 6, 9 and 13 The apartment is on the fifth floor and there is no lift but we're happy to help you with your bags when possible !
16815	Studio rénove en très bon état, douillet et très lumineux !	Grand studio de 30m2 calme et cosy a 5 minutes a pied des Champs Elysées et de l Arc de Triomphe. Accessible avec 4 lignes de métros différentes. Studio totalement équipe et très fonctionnel! Dernier étage avec ascenseur. Très belle Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Studio rénove en très bon état, douillet et très lumineux ! Situation très centrale : 5 minutes a pied des Champs Elysées, 10 minutes en métro du quartier de Châtelet, des grand magasins, de Montmartre... Supermarché ouvert tous les jours en face du studio. Très beau Parc Monceau a 2 minutes de a pied. Ligne 1 : George V (5 min) Ligne 2 : Ternes (5 min) Ligne 9 : St Philippe du Roule (7 min) Rer A et ligne 6 : Charles de Gaulle Étoile (10 min) Minimum de 3 nuits
16816		Bel appartement situé entre les Champs Elysées, l'avenue Montaigne et les Quais. Salon-salle à manger/cuisine américaine et 2 chambres. Vue sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. 50 m2 lumineux, bien situés, fonctionnels et confortables pour 4 pers.
16817	Ultra modern student room very well equiped with kitchen, sofa bed and shower in the room + toilets on the same level with private use.   Awesome sight over Paris, Opera Garnier, not overlooked  Enjoy a comfortable stay in a fully furnished Parisian room ------- Chambre d'étudiant ultra moderne totalement équipée avec cuisine, canapé lit et douche dans la chambre + toilettes à usage exclusif sur le palier.  Vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris, l'opéra Garnier sans vis à vis  Profitez d'un séjour confortable dans une chambre parisienne toute équipée	Ultra modern student room very well equiped with kitchen, sofa bed and shower in the room + toilets on the same level with private use.   Awesome sight over Paris, Opera Garnier, not overlooked  Enjoy a comfortable stay in a fully furnished Parisian room ------- Chambre d'étudiant ultra moderne totalement équipée avec cuisine, canapé lit et douche dans la chambre + toilettes à usage exclusif sur le palier.  Vue magnifique sur les toits de Paris, l'opéra Garnier sans vis à vis  Profitez d'un séjour confortable dans une chambre parisienne toute équipée The room/apartment is located in the neighbourood of Madeleine, 50 meters away from Madeleine metro station (lines 8, 12 and 14),  2 min away from Galeries Lafayette and gare Saint Lazare ----- Le logement est situé en plein quartier de la Madeleine à 50 mètres du métro Madeleine (lignes 8, 12 et 14), à 2 min des grands magasins et de la gare Saint Lazare.  I live in Paris so I'll be able to help you in person to discover Paris and to answ
16818	Au 6eme vue sur la tour Montparnasse, les invalides, la tour Effeil. 2min a pied des champs élysées, 2min a pied de la Seine, 10min a pied de la tour Effeil	Appart avec une grande chambre donnant une superbe vue sur la Tour Effeil, salle de bain avec une grande douche, comprend aussi machine a lavé, four, machine senseo, deux télés, capacité de deux personnes dans la chambre. Appartement au 6eme vue sur les toits de Paris. Au 6eme vue sur la tour Montparnasse, les invalides, la tour Effeil. 2min a pied des champs élysées, 2min a pied de la Seine, 10min a pied de la tour Effeil Vous avez accès à la Tour Effeil, au Trocadéro, au Lido, au Crasy Horse, bateau mouche, place de la Concorde, grand palais, Champs Elysées... à 10min maximum a pied. Nous vous accueillons à votre arrivé sur place pour la remise des clés et pour répondre à toute vos questions. Nous vous donnerons nos meilleurs adresses Parisiennes (restaurants,spectacles, musées) afin que vous puissiez passer un agréable séjour dans le célèbre triangle d'or de Paris. Accès par le métro Francklin Roosevelt ligne 1, ou Alma Marceau ligne 9, Charles de gaules étoile ligne 2
16819		CHAMPS ELYSEES / STREET COLISEE . In an old stone building in Paris, this apartment comprises an entrance hall, living room with fitted kitchen, a bedroom , a bathroom with toilet and a separate toilet.
16820	Big and beautiful 6 rooms apartment (180 s.m.) in XIX century style, romantic, with wooden floor, fireplaces, wall decorations, nice, double living room with grand piano and 4 rooms, in a very well situated Paris district.  2 of 4 rooms are our offices and each of two other rooms has a double bed: one real, king size bed and a very comfortable double sofa bed. The apartment is entire yours of course during your stay. There is one bathroom with a king size bath and separate toilets. The kitchen is very well furnished.  We are in the 8th district of Paris. There are many cinemas, theatres, bars, restaurants, a billard club… in our district, but also the artists area Montmartre is near by!   About 10 bus and 2 subway lignes are a very good way to visit everywhere. We are also only 20 minutes from each railway station. There is also a possibility to rent a room with double bed: 99€ / night. Our place is a journey to the very romantic XIX Century age! Enjoy!	Beautiful 6 rooms apartment with wooden floors, mouldings, fireplaces and a big living-dining room with a Steinway grand piano. Very well situated in a uplifting and very practical to visit district of Paris. Just a few steps from the metro station! Big and beautiful 6 rooms apartment (180 s.m.) in XIX century style, romantic, with wooden floor, fireplaces, wall decorations, nice, double living room with grand piano and 4 rooms, in a very well situated Paris district.  2 of 4 rooms are our offices and each of two other rooms has a double bed: one real, king size bed and a very comfortable double sofa bed. The apartment is entire yours of course during your stay. There is one bathroom with a king size bath and separate toilets. The kitchen is very well furnished.  We are in the 8th district of Paris. There are many cinemas, theatres, bars, restaurants, a billard club… in our district, but also the artists area Montmartre is near by!   About 10 bus and 2 subway lignes are a very good way
16821	Entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort, peut accueillir 2 personnes avec son lit 2 places de 160 cm et son canapé lit.  Se compose d'une kitchenette avec frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro-onde et lave-sèche-linge, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilette.  A proximité du Métro (station Roosevelt), ce quartier de Paris est le plus recherché; il y a aussi un grand supermarché à quelques minutes à pied.  Quartier très central.  Tout est accessible à pied, restaurant, musée, monuments, cinémas..  C'est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de Paris. Check in : Entre 14h et 19h de préférence. Si vous venez avant 14h, nous vous donnerons les clés et garderons vos valises dans l'appartement pendant que nous finalisons le ménage ! Vous pourrez accéder à l'appartement dès 14h ! 	Très joli studio avec mezzanine au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur à 50 mètres des mythiques «Champs Elysées».  Idéalement situé entre l’Avenue des Champs Elysées et rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, il est en plein cœur de Paris.Entièrement refait à neuf. Entièrement refait à neuf avec tout le confort, peut accueillir 2 personnes avec son lit 2 places de 160 cm et son canapé lit.  Se compose d'une kitchenette avec frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro-onde et lave-sèche-linge, d'une salle de bain avec douche et toilette.  A proximité du Métro (station Roosevelt), ce quartier de Paris est le plus recherché; il y a aussi un grand supermarché à quelques minutes à pied.  Quartier très central.  Tout est accessible à pied, restaurant, musée, monuments, cinémas..  C'est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de Paris. Check in : Entre 14h et 19h de préférence. Si vous venez avant 14h, nous vous donnerons les clés et garderons vos valises dans l'appartement pendant que nous finalisons le ménage ! Vous pourre
16822	"Sous un plafond de 3,5 m de haut, mouluré en bois doré, venez sentir battre le coeur de Paris. Situé entre l’Élysée et les Champs Elysées, il est idéal pour découvrir le ""chic"" à la française. L'appartement est proche du métro (ligne 9 - St Philippe du Roule), et de nombreux commerces (monoprix, traiteur Dalloyau, boucherie Nivernaise), mais aussi boutiques de luxe, galeries et antiquaires de renoms, restaurants, etc. L'appartement est calme et spacieux, il dispose d'un grand et beau salon haussmannien, de deux chambres et d'une cuisine tout équipée (micro-onde, four, lave-vaisselles, plaques halogènes,etc) Vous pourrez donc facilement alterner restaurant et petits repas agréables maison si vous le souhaitez. Chaque chambre a sa salle de bain et son espace, il est donc facile d'y venir en famille, ou avec des amis. Les serviettes, shampoing, savon sont fournis. Depuis le 26 Avril, le WIFI est maintenant installé, ainsi que l'accès à un grand nombre de chaines TV. Historienne de l'art, "	"Sous un plafond de 3,5 m de haut, mouluré en bois doré, venez sentir battre le coeur de Paris. Situé entre l’Élysée et les Champs Elysées, il est idéal pour découvrir le ""chic"" à la française. L'appartement est proche du métro (ligne 9 - St Philippe du Roule), et de nombreux commerces (monoprix, traiteur Dalloyau, boucherie Nivernaise), mais aussi boutiques de luxe, galeries et antiquaires de renoms, restaurants, etc. L'appartement est calme et spacieux, il dispose d'un grand et beau salon haussmannien, de deux chambres et d'une cuisine tout équipée (micro-onde, four, lave-vaisselles, plaques halogènes,etc) Vous pourrez donc facilement alterner restaurant et petits repas agréables maison si vous le souhaitez. Chaque chambre a sa salle de bain et son espace, il est donc facile d'y venir en famille, ou avec des amis. Les serviettes, shampoing, savon sont fournis. Depuis le 26 Avril, le WIFI est maintenant installé, ainsi que l'accès à un grand nombre de chaines TV. Historienne de l'art, "
16823	From 2 balconies, you can have your breakfast on a breathtaking movie view on Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Tuileries, Notre Dame de Paris, L'arc de Triomphe, Tower Montparnasse, Grand Palais etc..  In this very unique flat we provide exceptional value directly on the most famous avenue of the world, our rates include:  10 Guests can accommodate in a warm and friendly atmosphere which makes it very affordable.  Free 300 channels TV cables and Internet;  Free Linen and towels provided;  Free technical maintenance 365 days a year;  Air conditionning;  All taxes included.  Full service: all services you may need while in Paris in order to make your stay as pleasant as possible for Example: VIP transportations at affordable rates, museums pass etc….  Our fully equipped 2 kitchens make your stay in Paris much more enjoyable and affordable.  Fourth floors with 3 elevators, recently refurbished and renovated.  Very wide flat panel TV, DVD player, HIFI stereo.  2 kitchens, 2 toilets,with all e	For unforgettable time,   with his new architecture inspired by the 70' and a 5 meters floor to ceiling, this is the only one of its kind with 2 balconies in a limestone  building Haussmanian style of 1913 on this legendary location. From 2 balconies, you can have your breakfast on a breathtaking movie view on Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Tuileries, Notre Dame de Paris, L'arc de Triomphe, Tower Montparnasse, Grand Palais etc..  In this very unique flat we provide exceptional value directly on the most famous avenue of the world, our rates include:  10 Guests can accommodate in a warm and friendly atmosphere which makes it very affordable.  Free 300 channels TV cables and Internet;  Free Linen and towels provided;  Free technical maintenance 365 days a year;  Air conditionning;  All taxes included.  Full service: all services you may need while in Paris in order to make your stay as pleasant as possible for Example: VIP transportations at affordable rates, museums pass etc….  Our fully
16824	This is a tasteful 688 sq ft loft apartement located on the chic rue du Faubourg Saint Honore near the Champs Elysees. It is fully equipped with towels linens and all kitchen neccesities including microwave and coffee machine. The first level is a  spacious and bright living and dining room with an open kitchen. The ining room seats 4 to 5 comfortably. There is a flat screen TV, internet and wifi access and a CD radio. There is wood flooring throughout and large ceiling high bay windows with venitian blinds. The Italian designer sofa bed in the living room also sleeps two. Upstairs is a new Italien shower cabin bathroom with a skylight. There is also a washer/dryer machine.  The bedroom has a  double bed with skylight window, two cupboards and a chest of drawers. The flooring is warm feeling tatami throughout. Contemporary design and furniture. It is located in the calm of a private garden courtyard. 7min walk from the Champs Elysees and a 3min walk from the Saint Philippe du Roule met	Calme, bright loft in the center of Paris. Set in a private courtyard just a 5min walk from the Champs Elysees. Sleeps 4 + 1 (child). All linens included  Metro 3min down the road. Easy access to all major sights. Cinemas 5min walk away. Restaurants and shops all within easy walking distance. Many restaurants, bars and shops within walking distance. Velib and Auto Lib station within 2min walk. All major shops within walking distance. 7 minute walk to l'Arc de Triomphe. This is a tasteful 688 sq ft loft apartement located on the chic rue du Faubourg Saint Honore near the Champs Elysees. It is fully equipped with towels linens and all kitchen neccesities including microwave and coffee machine. The first level is a  spacious and bright living and dining room with an open kitchen. The ining room seats 4 to 5 comfortably. There is a flat screen TV, internet and wifi access and a CD radio. There is wood flooring throughout and large ceiling high bay windows with venitian blinds. The Italian 
16825		Amazing Appart on Avenue Hoche next door Royal Monceau Hotel.  Fully furnished, this 200 square meter appart is the perfect place to live for fashion week! 5 mn from champs elysées and all best night club and restaurant.
16826	Dans un bel immeuble ancien, bien entretenu, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, très charmant appartement de 70 m², comprenant entrée, beau séjour, salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine aménagée, chambre à coucher, toilettes séparées. Beaucoup de lumière, double exposition, propre, confortable, agréable, convivial, belle vue, belle bâtiment et bien entretenu. Les caméras de sécurité dans le bâtiment.  Very comfortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Champs-Elysees, Opera, Louvre, Parc Monceau, Gallery la Fayette.  Apartment in a nice building with video surveillance and concierge. The apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all equipment. Is on the 4th floor with elevator.  There is 1 comfortable bed for 2 persons, and 1  extra bed for 1 person. L'appartement entier. Donnez-leur l'information. 8ème arrondissement, Champs Élysées, Galeries Lafayette Haussmann, Opera, Parc Monceau. Neighborhood is very frendly with a lot of calm restaurants and bars	Dans un bel immeuble ancien, bien entretenu, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, très charmant appartement de 70 m², comprenant entrée, beau séjour, salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine aménagée, chambre à coucher, toilettes séparées. Beaucoup de lumière, double exposition, propre, confortable, agréable, convivial, belle vue, belle bâtiment et bien entretenu. Les caméras de sécurité dans le bâtiment.  Very comfortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Champs-Elysees, Opera, Louvre, Parc Monceau, Gallery la Fayette.  Apartment in a nice building with video surveillance and concierge. The apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all equipment. Is on the 4th floor with elevator.  There is 1 comfortable bed for 2 persons, and 1  extra bed for 1 person. L'appartement entier. Donnez-leur l'information. 8ème arrondissement, Champs Élysées, Galeries Lafayette Haussmann, Opera, Parc Monceau. Neighborhood is very frendly with a lot of calm restaurants and bars
16827		Véritable petit duplex totalement rénové et équipé situé au  pied de l arc de triomphe,carrefour des plus grandes avenues de Paris notamment les champs Élysées,au pied des transports,commerces,shopping...
16828	This spacious apartment is perfectly suited for a couple or a small family. The main hallway, dining area, and living area are interconnected, giving the apartment a feeling of openness and brightness. Many of the windows have small balconies with potted plants, lending the apartment a true indoor/outdoor feel. The apartment's owners have decorated with meticulous attention to detail and understated charm. The master bedroom of the apartment has a queen size bed with ensuite bathroom. There is also another small bedroom with a double size bed. The second bathroom has a sink and shower. Finally, there is a half bath in the main hallway for guests to use. The apartment is located just a short walk from Paris' beautiful Parc Monceau, the perfect place for a morning jog or afternoon picnic. Boasting hundreds of different plants and trees, this park also has a picturesque lake where one can pass hours just observing the lively swans and ducks. Families with children will enjoy the large pla	This spacious apartment is perfectly suited for a couple or a small family. The main hallway, dining area, & living area are interconnected, giving the apartment a feeling of openness and brightness. Potted plants line the balconies of many windows. This spacious apartment is perfectly suited for a couple or a small family. The main hallway, dining area, and living area are interconnected, giving the apartment a feeling of openness and brightness. Many of the windows have small balconies with potted plants, lending the apartment a true indoor/outdoor feel. The apartment's owners have decorated with meticulous attention to detail and understated charm. The master bedroom of the apartment has a queen size bed with ensuite bathroom. There is also another small bedroom with a double size bed. The second bathroom has a sink and shower. Finally, there is a half bath in the main hallway for guests to use. The apartment is located just a short walk from Paris' beautiful Parc Monceau, the perfe
16829		Accès à la télévision et le home cinéma, la WIFI, électroménager cafetière, grille pains sauf le lave linge qui nécessite ma présence avant tout usage... Je serai là après le travail quand je ne suis pas en déplacement, donc on peut toujours échanger sans problème. la proximité de tout. les transports multibles jour comme de nuit le charme du quartier Haussmannien quartier paisible  Tous transports via saint Lazare (bus metro RER Taxis RoissyBus) Quand je ne suis pas chez moi les périodes sont mentionnées et le tarif varie du fait que l'appartement entier est disponible
16830		Bonjour, je suis un jeune garçon de 25 ans et je propose à un garçon ou une fille une colocation à la nuit. 60 EUROS. Il s'agit d'un studio situé à Paris dans le 8 ème arrondissement de Paris. Deux lits indépendant dont un en mezzanine.
16831	À 30 mètres des Champs Elysées. Commerces et boutiques à proximité. Ligne de métro 1 et 9 à 100 mètres.	Une pièce avec un coin chambre. Cuisine équipée : lave vaisselle, micro-onde, four, cafetière, 2 plaques induction. Lave linge et sèche linge. Canapé convertible en lit 2 places. Lecteur CD. Enceintes. Wifi. Salle de bain avec grande douche et sèche serviette. L'appartement donne sur une cours très calme. À 30 mètres des Champs Elysées. Commerces et boutiques à proximité. Ligne de métro 1 et 9 à 100 mètres. Lignes de métro 1 ou 9. RER A.
16832	Découvrez cet appartement de 4 pièces très singulier au décor contemporain sur une surface de 100 m², situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble parisien de standing du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas de la place de l’Etoile. Cet appartement vous offre des prestations de standing dans un esprit typiquement parisien. Entièrement refait par une architecte d'intérieur, l’appartement dispose d'un salon à la décoration contemporaine et design, ouvert sur une cuisine américaine toute équipée. L'Etoile peut accueillir 6 personnes grâce à trois belles chambres : une master bedroom, une seconde chambre double et une troisième chambre avec deux lits simples en mezzanine. Deux salles de bains, équipées d’une douche et d’une grande baignoire, complètent ce bien. The Apartment Features: 2 double bedrooms including a master bedroom 1 bedroom with 2 single beds on a mezzanine and office area Living room with TV and piano Open and fully furnished kitchen with convivial island 2 separat	Cet appartement exceptionnel de 100m² pourra aisément accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, à deux pas de la Place de l'Etoile et des Champs Elysées Découvrez cet appartement de 4 pièces très singulier au décor contemporain sur une surface de 100 m², situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble parisien de standing du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas de la place de l’Etoile. Cet appartement vous offre des prestations de standing dans un esprit typiquement parisien. Entièrement refait par une architecte d'intérieur, l’appartement dispose d'un salon à la décoration contemporaine et design, ouvert sur une cuisine américaine toute équipée. L'Etoile peut accueillir 6 personnes grâce à trois belles chambres : une master bedroom, une seconde chambre double et une troisième chambre avec deux lits simples en mezzanine. Deux salles de bains, équipées d’une douche et d’une grande baignoire, complètent ce bien. The Apartment Features: 2 double bedrooms including a master bedroom 1 bedroom w
16833		Duplex de 55m2, baigné par le soleil, très calme et idéalement situé (100m des Champs Elysées). Parquets et tomettes au sol, cuisine ouverte sur le salon, tout équipé.
16834	great layout one bed one bath close to everything you want to be in Paris.	Location location location This apart in in the most sought after neighborhood on the most sought after Street totally renovated to meet the pickiest client building is secure with full elevator with only two units per floor. great layout one bed one bath close to everything you want to be in Paris. easy access to airport and the city  all the museums and major  attractions at your fingertips let us know how we can help FRONT ROW CENTER  to explain it simply subway, taxi bus and velib ( bicycle station right outside) wifi and elevator and Air Conditioning a luxury believe it or not in Paris
16835	You are welcome to my spacious one flat located in a beautiful 1930s residential building (Haussmanian style) within 10 minutes distance by metro of the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées Avenue. The flat is located in the 16th district of Paris which is the fanciest one in the city and also one of the most secure. The building is equipped with two doors with an electronic entry code. The apartment overlooks rue Isabey, a calm residential street. The living room is characterized by a high ceiling (4 meters) and a large window. It is fully equipped with a big-sized bedroom, a big flat screen TV (42 inchs), an internet wireless connection, a big wardrobe which can also become a pretty couch and a design table with two pretty been bags. The western door that you can see on the picture opens the bathroom where you can find a big shower, a toilet and a sink with a mirror. Clean bed linen and Towels are provided. The kitchen will provide you with all what you need: a refrigerator, a oven, and t	You are welcome to my spacious one flat located in a beautiful 1930s residential building (Haussmanian style) within 10 minutes distance by metro of the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées Avenue. The flat is located in the 16th district of Paris which is the fanciest one in the city and also one of the most secure. The building is equipped with two doors with an electronic entry code. The apartment overlooks rue Isabey, a calm residential street. The living room is characterized by a high ceiling (4 meters) and a large window. It is fully equipped with a big-sized bedroom, a big flat screen TV (42 inchs), an internet wireless connection, a big wardrobe which can also become a pretty couch and a design table with two pretty been bags. The western door that you can see on the picture opens the bathroom where you can find a big shower, a toilet and a sink with a mirror. Clean bed linen and Towels are provided. The kitchen will provide you with all what you need: a refrigerator, a oven, and t
16836	Our flat is located in one of the prettiest and touristic areas in Paris, between the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe.  From our flat, you will be able to move around the city easily on foot or public transport. You will find bus stops and underground and RER stations near the flat.	We are a young couple both working in Paris, we speak english german and italian.. We would enjoy a lot to host you for one night or more and share our flat with you. Our flat is located in one of the prettiest and touristic areas in Paris, between the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe.  From our flat, you will be able to move around the city easily on foot or public transport. You will find bus stops and underground and RER stations near the flat. - Living room with Flat tv screen, cable tv, Internet, and our plants ;) with a very comfy sofa. Here is where you are going to sleep, our bedroom is just behind the wall as you can see on the pictures.    - 1 bathroom with jet shower and all the amenities that you could expect from a hotel :shampoos, shower gel,... we even have a towel heater. - 1 equipped kitchen. We do love cooking, so you will find all what you could need (except a oven).... and we have a coffee machine.  - Linen: we provide you all sheets and towels.  - Extra equip
16837	The living room, with a double sofa bed, offers a large flat screen TV with the cable and a DVD player. The open kitchen is equipped with a combo oven/microwave, a hob, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee machine. The bedroom has a double bed, a flat screen TV on the wall (photoshop on the picture, has been installed now) and offers plenty of storage. Fresh towels and linen are provided to the guest. 	Cosy one-bedroom apartment (28sqm), refurbished in 2014, for up to three guests, located in the outstanding Avenue Friedland, near the Arc de Triomphe and the mythical Champs Elysées. The living room, with a double sofa bed, offers a large flat screen TV with the cable and a DVD player. The open kitchen is equipped with a combo oven/microwave, a hob, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee machine. The bedroom has a double bed, a flat screen TV on the wall (photoshop on the picture, has been installed now) and offers plenty of storage. Fresh towels and linen are provided to the guest. Check-in is at the apartment (late check-in fees: 40€ after 20h - 60€ after 23h) Linen and towels are provided by a professional laundry cleaning company. All listed properties are of high standard:  - Great guest-oriented service.  - Quick communication turn around.  - Travel assistance  - All our properties are cleaned immediately after a guest checks out. The outstanding Avenue Friedland is located 2 min away
16838	L'appartement est idéalement bien situé, à proximité immédiate du Parc Monceau, de la gare Saint-Lazare, de la Place de la Madeleine, des Champs-Elysées, et du quartier très vivant de Villiers. L'Opéra, la Place de l'Etoile, la Place de la Concorde et le jardin des Tuileries sont très facilement accessibles à pieds.	(website hidden) 2 pièces PARIS 8 Une chambre, un séjour, une sdb/wc Charme, très bon état, Idéalement situé: 5 mn à pied Parc Monceau 5 mn à pied Grands Magasins 5 mn à pied Place de la Madeleine - de 10 mn à pied des Champs Elysées 10 mn à pied Opéra L'appartement est idéalement bien situé, à proximité immédiate du Parc Monceau, de la gare Saint-Lazare, de la Place de la Madeleine, des Champs-Elysées, et du quartier très vivant de Villiers. L'Opéra, la Place de l'Etoile, la Place de la Concorde et le jardin des Tuileries sont très facilement accessibles à pieds. L'intégralité de l'appartement est exclusivement réservée aux voyageurs ayant effectués leur réservation sur AIRBNB. Deux clefs de l'appartement seront remis aux voyageurs à leur arrivée. Je travaille à proximité immédiate de l'appartement et peut me libérer assez facilement pour aider les voyageurs en cas de difficulté. Je reste joignable sur mon téléphone durant tout le séjour afin d'aider et conseiller les voyageurs durant
16839	Grand double séjours très lumineux avec coin TV et Salon salle a manger. Belle chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine toute équipée (machine à laver le linge/sèche linge/ four, micro-onde et lave vaisselle. Wc séparé de la Sdb. Dressing mis totalement à disposition dans la chambre.  Grande double séjours très lumineux avec coin TV et Salon salle a manger. Belle chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine tout équipée (machine a lavée le linge/sèche linge/ four, micro-onde et lave vaisselle. Wc sépare de la Sdb. Dressing mis totalement a dispo dans la chambre.  Idéalement situé, St lazare permet de rejoindre en métro ou a pied les principaux sites touristiques. Métro St Lazare (phone number hidden))  Idéalement situé, St lazare permet de rejoindre en métro ou a pied les principaux sites touristiques. Métro St Lazare (phone number hidden)) 	Grand double séjours très lumineux avec coin TV et Salon salle a manger. Belle chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine toute équipée (machine à laver le linge/sèche linge/ four, micro-onde et lave vaisselle. Wc séparé de la Sdb. Dressing mis totalement à disposition dans la chambre.  Grand double séjours très lumineux avec coin TV et Salon salle a manger. Belle chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine toute équipée (machine à laver le linge/sèche linge/ four, micro-onde et lave vaisselle. Wc séparé de la Sdb. Dressing mis totalement à disposition dans la chambre.  Grande double séjours très lumineux avec coin TV et Salon salle a manger. Belle chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine tout équipée (machine a lavée le linge/sèche linge/ four, micro-onde et lave vaisselle. Wc sépare de la Sdb. Dressing mis totalement a dispo dans la chambre.  Idéalement situé, St lazare permet de rejoindre en métro ou a pied les principaux sites touristiques. Métro St Lazare (phone number hidden))  Idéalemen
16840		The flat is on the 1st floor (2nd for North Americans) of a very quiet building. There is a typically French, small elevator but please be sure you do not put luggage in it without going in yourself.  Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Located almost next to the 16th century Saint Augustin church, this apartment is very centrally placed. Across the street, there is a bakery where you can get fresh bread, pastries, breakfast and espresso everyday. There are also many great restaurants in the neighbourhood and you will find a list of some ones we suggest in the apartment. Around the corner is the Square St. Augustin plus plenty of cafes, restaurants and shops. There is also a large Monoprix store, where you can do all of your grocery shopping. You can walk in any direction and within 5 minutes you will be in the Madeleine area (with many specialty and gourmet shops as well as many restaurant selections),
16841	In a word the place to be in paris. Just a walk away from some charming Parisian sites and neighbourhoods, you'll be strolling over to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Batignolles and not so far from the famous Champs Elysées and Le Louvre. Located from 1 m Typically Haussmann fully equipped and furnished, this flat is composed by 1 large living room, 1 bedroom, 1 intimate bathroom. ree unlimited wireless internet, cable (TV HDTV 3D), HIFI, ovenfridge/freezer, laundry machine, kitchen and all necessary cooking utensils, dishes.  A comfortable sofa-bed.  Sleeps up to 4 guests.  Located on the 1st floor, this flat is really quiet and ZEN ideal for a couple who want to be close to animation without noise. The bedroom looks onto a quiet courtyard, and the living room onto the street.  In a word the place to be in paris. Just a walk away from some charming Parisian sites and neighbourhoods, you'll be strolling over to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Batignolles and not so far from the famous Champs Elys	Just a walk away from montmartre ,you have the main lines distributing all famous sight of the capital.Typically Haussmann, located on the 1st floor, this flat is really quiet and ZEN ideal for a couple who want to be close to animation without noise In a word the place to be in paris. Just a walk away from some charming Parisian sites and neighbourhoods, you'll be strolling over to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Batignolles and not so far from the famous Champs Elysées and Le Louvre. Located from 1 m Typically Haussmann fully equipped and furnished, this flat is composed by 1 large living room, 1 bedroom, 1 intimate bathroom. ree unlimited wireless internet, cable (TV HDTV 3D), HIFI, ovenfridge/freezer, laundry machine, kitchen and all necessary cooking utensils, dishes.  A comfortable sofa-bed.  Sleeps up to 4 guests.  Located on the 1st floor, this flat is really quiet and ZEN ideal for a couple who want to be close to animation without noise. The bedroom looks onto a quiet courtyard, an
16842	A high standard cosy duplex flat in a classic and classy Hausmanian 19th century building with a great view from both rooms over the Paris roofs and monuments. Calm, top floors (5th and 6th) spacious and furnished with taste. Perfect Paris escape for a party of 2 to 4.	A 85 sqm flat with grea floor plan at walking distance from the Champs Elysees and Opera (10mn walk). Top 2 floors (5&6th). Sun all day. 2 rooms with hotel comfort queen beds Connected with all major metro lines by St Lazare station downstairs. A high standard cosy duplex flat in a classic and classy Hausmanian 19th century building with a great view from both rooms over the Paris roofs and monuments. Calm, top floors (5th and 6th) spacious and furnished with taste. Perfect Paris escape for a party of 2 to 4. The flat is all yours. From rooms to living room and kitchen, all appliances and equipments are for you to use. Automatic coffee machine, TV and Cable, Cable  high speed internet connexion, iron and table, connectable wifi Bose Stereo speaker in living room, all MIELE kitchen hardware (dishwasher, fridge, induction, oven,..) I will most likely not be there.  But available over the phone or by sms and mail to help with any information, wether with house equipments instructions or t
16843	Appartement refait à neuf et super équipé dans un ancien hôtel particulier. Au dernier étage traversant sur rue avec arbres et sur les toits coté cours, très agréables, proche du Parc Monceau et des grands magasins comme les Galeries Lafayette, le Printemps, Virgin ou la FNAC, à 15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées, de l'Opéra et de la Madeleine. La situation centrale de cet appartement est parfaite pour visiter Paris, proche des métros, des bus et de la gare Saint Lazare. Des stations Vélib et Autolib devant la maison. Chaleureux et cosy, cet appartement est idéal pour un cadre ou un(e) étudiant(e), voire un couple souhaitant passer un agréable séjour dans la capitale. Décoration design et de très bon goût. Femme de ménage à disposition. Idéal pour explorer et profiter de Paris. Calme, très ensoleillé, situé dans les beaux quartiers de Paris.  En plus de sa situation géographique excellente, l'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine complète avec lave-vaisselle, frigo, plaques chauffante	Appartement refait à neuf et super équipé  dans un ancien hotel particulier. Au dernier étage traversant sur rue avec arbres et sur les toits de Paris coté cours, proche du Parc Monceau et des grands magasins comme les Galeries Lafayette. Appartement refait à neuf et super équipé dans un ancien hôtel particulier. Au dernier étage traversant sur rue avec arbres et sur les toits coté cours, très agréables, proche du Parc Monceau et des grands magasins comme les Galeries Lafayette, le Printemps, Virgin ou la FNAC, à 15 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées, de l'Opéra et de la Madeleine. La situation centrale de cet appartement est parfaite pour visiter Paris, proche des métros, des bus et de la gare Saint Lazare. Des stations Vélib et Autolib devant la maison. Chaleureux et cosy, cet appartement est idéal pour un cadre ou un(e) étudiant(e), voire un couple souhaitant passer un agréable séjour dans la capitale. Décoration design et de très bon goût. Femme de ménage à disposition. Idéal pour e
16844	Dans le cœur du 8eme arrondissement de Paris, a deux pas des grands magasins, cet appartement est tres lumineux.	"Elegant parisien appartment in one of the most beautiful streets of the 8th ""arrondissement"". Within walking distance of the Opera, Montmartre and Champs Elysées. 4 subway stations nearby. Lively neighbourhood with 2 markets, restaurants, wine bars.."
16845	Cosy apartment located in the heart of Paris , at 5 minutes from the Opéra Garnier and Famous Parisian shops as galeries Lafayette and Printemps. The apartment has a beautiful fitted kitchen, a living room with a sofa bed 3 places,  a  bedroom with 2 separtated single bed  and a bathroom with bath. The apartment also has a washing machine, a dishwasher, a DVD player, and an Internet connection (wifi). This nice flat is near Haussman Store and Galeries Lafayette. Ideal for parisian stay in the heart of Paris, for family stay or Shopping week. Enjoy your Trip and your Stay !  	Cosy apartment located in the heart of Paris , at 5 minutes from the Opéra Garnier and Famous Parisian shops as galeries Lafayette and Printemps. The apartment has a beautiful fitted kitchen, a living room with a sofa bed 3 places,  a  bedroom wit
16846	Where will you stay? In a terrific central location. An ideal base for tourists, a stone's throw from parisian cafés, restaurants, historical sites, shopping...  What kind of accommodation? A modern, secure and design flat. There is one large bedrooms with a double bed. Two more people can sleep in the comfortable pull out sofa bed in the living room.  There's a fully-equipped open plan kitchen that you are welcome to use.  The comfortable living room has a HD TV with over 60 channels.  There's storage for your clothes and suitcases in the apartment. What kind of building? This beautiful  apartment is located on the first floor of a quiet building without elevatorin a small street in the heart of the Champs Elysées district in Paris. What about wifi? There is also a fast and free wifi for your internet browsing and streaming needs.	Modern and cosy flat / Champs Elysées / walking distance to major attractions and shopping areas / 2 minutes from metro / quiet building / living Room / 1 bedroom / open kitchen fully equipped / Bathroom / 4 people / TV and internet Where will you stay? In a terrific central location. An ideal base for tourists, a stone's throw from parisian cafés, restaurants, historical sites, shopping...  What kind of accommodation? A modern, secure and design flat. There is one large bedrooms with a double bed. Two more people can sleep in the comfortable pull out sofa bed in the living room.  There's a fully-equipped open plan kitchen that you are welcome to use.  The comfortable living room has a HD TV with over 60 channels.  There's storage for your clothes and suitcases in the apartment. What kind of building? This beautiful  apartment is located on the first floor of a quiet building without elevatorin a small street in the heart of the Champs Elysées district in Paris. What about wifi? There 
16847		This beautiful studio is located in a residential  We can meet you during office hours (Mon-Sat, 10h-19h); however, arrivals on Sundays, holidays, and after 7pm on any day of the week incur a cash fee: 50€ before 22h, 75€ after 22h.
16848	"Je sous loue mon appartment pour une longue durée (supérieur à 6 mois). 34m² meublé entièrement équipé (tel, internet, machine a lever, plaques, four, grand frigo..) Appartement entierement rénové, moquette et meubles neufs. parfait piour couple ou une personne, voire colocations 2 personnes; Avec un coin ""chambre"" avec lit et coin tv avec mcanapé d'angle convertible. Photos sur demande et visites possibles. Loyer : 1.000 euros tt inclus (pas de CAF possible) A partir de janvier 2013"	30m2 Studio located in the heart of Paris, in the 8th district. A 5min walk to the champs Elysées, 10min to Madeleine/ Opéra. In the appartment you will find everything you need (Towels, Bed Sheets...), a queen size bed and a convertible couch. - Bus (phone number hidden)) - Metro Miromesnil (Ligne 9 et 13) (3min walk)
16849		beautiful loft parc monceau paris
16850		Studio situé au 5e étage, avenue Hoche, à deux pas de l'Arc de triomphe et du Parc Monceau. 
16851	"Perfectly located in one of Paris's finest street ""Faubourg Saint Honoré"", this recently refurnished flat with lift will seduce you with both its charming environment and practicability. You will be located in a very calm and quiet building, perfect to rest after visiting the city. There is everything you need to feel like home : induction plate, laundry machine, coffee machine, micro wave, rice cooking machine, kettle, 55 inch tv, american bar with two stylish seats, bathtub and a big mirror in a comfortable spacious bathroom, as well as separated toilets. There are also several storage place. In the living room, the Sofa turns into a comfortable two person bed. Indeed, the flat is best suited for two person although a third person can be welcome. In that case, upon notice, we will provide a comfortable one person mattress.   The location is extraordinaire. You will be delighted to be at a 5 minutes walk from Place de la Concorde, Buddha Bar, Elysée Palace, Madeleine's church, Tuileri"	"Cosy, calm, Practical, American bar Spacious bathroom, bathtub, Separate toilet Less than 10mn from Concorde, Opéra, Tuileries garden, Madeleine & Champs Elysées 10 buses and 6 5% discount for Professionals with late arrival & early departure Perfectly located in one of Paris's finest street ""Faubourg Saint Honoré"", this recently refurnished flat with lift will seduce you with both its charming environment and practicability. You will be located in a very calm and quiet building, perfect to rest after visiting the city. There is everything you need to feel like home : induction plate, laundry machine, coffee machine, micro wave, rice cooking machine, kettle, 55 inch tv, american bar with two stylish seats, bathtub and a big mirror in a comfortable spacious bathroom, as well as separated toilets. There are also several storage place. In the living room, the Sofa turns into a comfortable two person bed. Indeed, the flat is best suited for two person although a third person can be welcome"
16852	Overview This charming and bright 50 square meters, 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on the very chic rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, in the heart of the 8th arrondissement of Paris, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people.  This apartment, located at 5 min walking from the Champs Elysées, is equipped with: portable air conditioner, washer-dryer, dishwasher, flat screen large TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, cable, DVD, iphone / ipod station, body spray shower. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with: elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. Underground parking located at the corner of the street. Entrance  The 2 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the bathroom and the living room. Living  The 27 square meters living room has 4 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: portable air conditioner, folding dining table up to 8 people, desk,	Overview This charming and bright 50 square meters, 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on the very chic rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, in the heart of the 8th arrondissement of Paris, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 4 people.  This apartment, located at 5 min walking from the Champs Elysées, is equipped with: portable air conditioner, washer-dryer, dishwasher, flat screen large TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, cable, DVD, iphone / ipod station, body spray shower. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with: elevator, security code, intercom, concierge. Underground parking located at the corner of the street. Entrance  The 2 square meters entrance hall leads directly to the bathroom and the living room. Living  The 27 square meters living room has 4 windows facing courtyard. It is equipped with: portable air conditioner, folding dining table up to 8 people, desk,
16853	Fantastic Area,top central in Paris 8th. Besides Parc Monceau and Arc de,Triomphe/Champs-Elysées. Charming full equipped two-storyhouse. Nice clearance and bright. Exceptional property with garden inside Paris. You feel to be in the countryside besides Champs-Elysées. You enter in a nice Haussman building with flowery courtyard until a charming and safe housing estate with six independant houses with their own garden and private space. The access from the garden lead you inside the house in the cosy living room with American kitchen,a large dining-table and laundry room. You ll find also a big Tv screen, DVD’s,music  and everything you need to  relax,cook and enjoy your stay. You will find a‘guests book’ with all informations about the flat, the area and my Paris good addresses. The house had been totally renovated and decorated with taste. There is  a confortable queen size sofa bed with its featherbed, brand new pillows and blanquet. We provided white and good quality of bed sheet se	Between Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe Champs-Elysées. Center of Paris.  Charming house with garden in a beautiful Hausmman building, chic and safe area.  Two stairs house for 4 people with two beds. Fantastic Area,top central in Paris 8th. Besides Parc Monceau and Arc de,Triomphe/Champs-Elysées. Charming full equipped two-storyhouse. Nice clearance and bright. Exceptional property with garden inside Paris. You feel to be in the countryside besides Champs-Elysées. You enter in a nice Haussman building with flowery courtyard until a charming and safe housing estate with six independant houses with their own garden and private space. The access from the garden lead you inside the house in the cosy living room with American kitchen,a large dining-table and laundry room. You ll find also a big Tv screen, DVD’s,music  and everything you need to  relax,cook and enjoy your stay. You will find a‘guests book’ with all informations about the flat, the area and my Paris good addresses. The hous
16854	"Angle,  entre la rue"" du Faubourg Saint Honoré"" et ""L'Avenue De Marigny"" Un Bel  appartement dans un immeuble 17 éme siècle, au 1 er étage,  code, interphone, comprenant un salon avec un canapé très confortable, 2 chambres, 1 cuisine entièrement équipée ( lave vaisselle,  lave linge séchant),  une petite salle de douche avec WC. LITS TRES CONFORTABLE 160X200 et 140X200 NEUF CANAPÉ LIT TRÈS CONFORTABLE ÉPAISSEUR 30 CM"	Beautiful apartment in a building 17 éme century, in 1 er floor, code, intercom, understanding a lounge with a very comfortable sofa, 2 rooms, 1 fully-equipped kitchen wash dishes, drying washing machine), 3 room. Apartment new.near the museums.
16855	Situé au deux pas du Palais de l'Elysée dans un quartier sécurisé, proche des champs Elysée et des belles boutiques de luxes du Faubourg saint Honorée...	Situé au deux pas du Palais de l'Elysée dans un quartier sécurisé, proche des champs Elysée et des belles boutiques de luxes du Faubourg saint Honorée... situé à 5minutes à pieds des lignes de métro ( champs Elysée, Madeleine, Concord, Miromesnil) 
16856	Located only a couple meters from the fabulous Rue Faubourg St Honoré, you will be able to enjoy Paris' finest! Lots of restaurants, bakeries and shops around the corner.  You will love our flat with its wooden floors and large marble bathroom with bathtub, a rare commodity in Paris! Recently refurbished and nicely decorated with modern and cozy furniture, it has 2 large windows with plenty of sunlight. With 38m2, the studio is spacious and bright.  It offers a proper queen sized bed. And if you are traveling as a family, 1-2 more guests may use our comfortable and firm double sofabed. The studio is fully equipped: TV and cable, kitchen and a very fast wifi connection. We also provide a Nespresso machine for the coffee aficionados out there!  The appartment building is elegant with marble and wood finishings. A large, recent elevator will take you (and your luggage too:) up to the flat on the 3rd floor.	Luxury flat, ideally located between Concorde (Tuileries Gardens & Champs Elysée) and Madeleine, just off Faubourg St Honoree (Hermes, Dior). Live like a true Parisian in the most sought after neighborhood, close to the Presidential Palace! Located only a couple meters from the fabulous Rue Faubourg St Honoré, you will be able to enjoy Paris' finest! Lots of restaurants, bakeries and shops around the corner.  You will love our flat with its wooden floors and large marble bathroom with bathtub, a rare commodity in Paris! Recently refurbished and nicely decorated with modern and cozy furniture, it has 2 large windows with plenty of sunlight. With 38m2, the studio is spacious and bright.  It offers a proper queen sized bed. And if you are traveling as a family, 1-2 more guests may use our comfortable and firm double sofabed. The studio is fully equipped: TV and cable, kitchen and a very fast wifi connection. We also provide a Nespresso machine for the coffee aficionados out there!  The ap
16857	The apartment is in the heart of Paris, at the foot of Madeleine place, very close to Champs-Elysées, boulevard Haussmann (galeries Lafayette, Printemps), Garnier Opera and place Vendôme. It is very close to the main places of interest: the Louvre, the garden of the Tuileries, the most beautiful hotels in the Capital, Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees, the National Assembly, the fields of Mars, Trocadéro, the banks of the Seine... You can take advantage of a prestigious frame in a building of 1860 mixing a Parisian and modern style.  Brightly apartment with an exposure to south: slightly freshly during summer and warmth during winter.  The apartment has all modern comfort in an uncluttered style. Division of spaces : an entrance / room of 10m2. Space out corridor the day being transformed into private room harm; a big lounge / bar giving onto an open-plan kitchen with American refrigerator, city gas cooktop for a better control, a massive wooden space for the cut of food; a dressing roo	The apartment is in the heart of Paris, at the foot of Madeleine place, very close to Champs-Elysées, boulevard Haussmann (galeries Lafayette, Printemps), Garnier Opera and place Vendôme. It is very close to the main places of interest: the Louvre, the garden of the Tuileries, the most beautiful hotels in the Capital, Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees, the National Assembly, the fields of Mars, Trocadéro, the banks of the Seine... You can take advantage of a prestigious frame in a building of 1860 mixing a Parisian and modern style.  Brightly apartment with an exposure to south: slightly freshly during summer and warmth during winter.  The apartment has all modern comfort in an uncluttered style. Division of spaces : an entrance / room of 10m2. Space out corridor the day being transformed into private room harm; a big lounge / bar giving onto an open-plan kitchen with American refrigerator, city gas cooktop for a better control, a massive wooden space for the cut of food; a dressing roo
16858	Vaste séjour 30 ² avec canapé lit 2 pers / TV / Internet  Vue tour Eiffel Chambre séparée lit 2 pers  / WC séparés / Dressing / Salle d'eau  Accueil pour 4 personnes	"Vaste séjour 30 ² avec canapé lit 2 pers / TV / Internet  Vue tour Eiffel Chambre séparée lit 2 pers  / WC séparés / Dressing / Salle d'eau  Accueil pour 4 personnes Appartement entièrement à disposition  Cuisine equipée :four ,micro onde ;couverts... Internet gratuit à disposition  à l'entrée et à la sortie dans les lieux Proximité Champs Elysées / Faubourg St Honoré    (5 minute à pied)   Station Métro"" Miromesnil"" au pied de l'immeuble pour accès facile tte destination parisienne Parking à proximité Restaurants, galeries d'art  à proximité"
16859	Métro Charles de Gaulle étoile ( l 1,2,6 ) , bus 43 arrêt : hoche St honore  Métro Charles de Gaulle étoile ( l 1,2,6 ) , bus 43 arrêt : hoche St honore 	Il se situe avenue Hoche à 2 pas des Champs Elysées .  Métro Charles de Gaulle étoile ( l 1,2,6 ) , bus 43 arrêt : hoche St honore 
16860	Very nice small studio for 2 people. 6th floor with elevator, very quite and (website hidden), wifi, hairdryer etc... 3 minutes walking to Champs Elysees. Very safe area. Restaurants and most shops opened until midnight on Champs Elysees. Less than 100 meters, you will find the metro stations: Miromesnil‎ (lines 9 and13) and Saint-Philippe-du-Roule‎ (line 9). You will also be close to bus lines.  This beautiful studio is also perfectly located. In the 8th arrondissement, you'll be nearby the best highlights of Paris. Among them: - Les Champs Elysées: Only 5 minutes. The Avenue was first created in 1667 by Louis XIV's gardener, Andre Le Nôtre, in order to improve the view from the Tuileries garden. Today, it is noted as one of the most prestigious shopping boulevards of Paris, opened until late at night and you will find a great nightlife.. - The Musée Jacquemart-André: Only 300 meters, this museum was created from the private home of Édouard André (phone number hidden)) and Nélie Jacqu	Very nice small studio for 2 people. 6th floor with elevator, very quite and (website hidden), wifi, hairdryer etc... 3 minutes walking to Champs Elysees. Very safe area. Restaurants and most shops opened until midnight on Champs Elysees. Less than 100 meters, you will find the metro stations: Miromesnil‎ (lines 9 and13) and Saint-Philippe-du-Roule‎ (line 9). You will also be close to bus lines.  This beautiful studio is also perfectly located. In the 8th arrondissement, you'll be nearby the best highlights of Paris. Among them: - Les Champs Elysées: Only 5 minutes. The Avenue was first created in 1667 by Louis XIV's gardener, Andre Le Nôtre, in order to improve the view from the Tuileries garden. Today, it is noted as one of the most prestigious shopping boulevards of Paris, opened until late at night and you will find a great nightlife.. - The Musée Jacquemart-André: Only 300 meters, this museum was created from the private home of Édouard André (phone number hidden)) and Nélie Jacqu
16861	"The Haussmann Palace is situated in one of the most recognizable features of Paris â€"" A Haussmanian building. Built in the mid 19th century by the Baron Haussmann during his bold redesign of the city, the building, and thus the apartment are an integral part of one of the city's most important historical moments. The building forms part of that immediately identifiable Parisian architectural landscape, displaying both the regal and the modern in one structure. Inside, the apartment mirrors the building's blend of modernity and tradition. Every room provides exactly the mood and tone you'd desire from it. This is evident right away in the lobby entrance to the apartment. Here you are welcomed to a sanctuary of regal warmth and convenient comfort. From the lobby, you enter into the grand salon, offering signs of high class in the form of richly toned furniture and regal molded ceilings as well as contemporary chic and functionality in art and décor. With 377 square feet of space, there "	"This large, fully equipped and opulently decorated apartment will have you basking in Parisian glory for the entire duration of your stay. Its varied design and décor offer you tradition, modernity and everything in between. The Haussmann Palace is situated in one of the most recognizable features of Paris â€"" A Haussmanian building. Built in the mid 19th century by the Baron Haussmann during his bold redesign of the city, the building, and thus the apartment are an integral part of one of the city's most important historical moments. The building forms part of that immediately identifiable Parisian architectural landscape, displaying both the regal and the modern in one structure. Inside, the apartment mirrors the building's blend of modernity and tradition. Every room provides exactly the mood and tone you'd desire from it. This is evident right away in the lobby entrance to the apartment. Here you are welcomed to a sanctuary of regal warmth and convenient comfort. From the lobby, yo"
16862	Located in the trendy neighborhood of Les Batignolles, this appartment is perfect for tourists looking for a stay in the authentic Paris. (see: (website hidden)) It is 15 min from Montmartre and 15 min from the Arc de Triomphe (direct access by metro for both, with the Rome station being 150m from the appartment). By bus (n°53) you can be at the Opera in only 10 minutes. === The appartment : - Livingroom, including a fully equiped kitchen - Bedroom - Bathroom - Toilets It ts a typical parisian apartment with parquet. Luminous and recently renovated. 4th floor, without elevator.	Perfect for tourists looking for a stay in the authentic Paris.  Metro station (Rome) at 1 minute! 2room appartment including: Wifi, 50p flat screen, fully equiped american kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher...), double sofa bed in living room. Located in the trendy neighborhood of Les Batignolles, this appartment is perfect for tourists looking for a stay in the authentic Paris. (see: (website hidden)) It is 15 min from Montmartre and 15 min from the Arc de Triomphe (direct access by metro for both, with the Rome station being 150m from the appartment). By bus (n°53) you can be at the Opera in only 10 minutes. === The appartment : - Livingroom, including a fully equiped kitchen - Bedroom - Bathroom - Toilets It ts a typical parisian apartment with parquet. Luminous and recently renovated. 4th floor, without elevator. Services : - Flat screen TV - Wifi Internet - Towels and sheets provided - Cleaning (30€ extra fees) Always available if any request, by email or phone Quiet neighborho
16863		Flat of 50m2, cloth de the Champs Elysees, center of Paris. Big room, 160 cm bed, TV plasma (155 cm) with big living room, american kitchen and bathroom. Wifi. Ideal to discover Paris, couple. 
16864	Agencé par un architecte d'intérieur, l'agencement est optimal. Dans ce studio, aucune perte d'espace pour un espace à la fois fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. 	Welcome in my studio in the heart of Paris at 5min by walk to the Champs Elysées, Arc de triomphe and others Parisian mythic places. Cosy and for two persons, you'll find all what you need for a cosy and perfect moment in the city !
16865	We'll meet you with the keys and remain available for support throughout your stay. Where the Rue du Rivoli meets the Champs Elysees, the Place de la Concorde is one of the most breathtaking locations in all of France. It is emblematic of the city's splendid architecture and fascinating history : there's the the Tuileries Garden, where 17th century nobility promenaded, the National Assembly, where the Revolution was born, the Obelisk, brought back from Napoleon's conquest. Central and chic, the apartment is just next door to some of the world's most famous restaurants and hotels, like the Crillon and le Meurice. Sightseeing nearby:  The Louvre, The Jardin des Tuileries, place de la Concorde, place des Vosges, Madeleine, Avenue des Champs Elysées, Notre Dame, the Grand Palais Super market accross the street open till 11 pm  This is the heart of Paris so do not expect super quiet neighborhood , it is a big city after all ,and the studio is facing a boulevard. It is quiet if you ask a par	It’s a lovely, clean and super comfortable apartment maintained to a high standard, perfect for a couple or a single traveler Location is exceptional ! 1 min from Concorde 1 min from ST Honoré 1 min from Madeleine 5 min Champs Elysees -Louvre We'll meet you with the keys and remain available for support throughout your stay. Where the Rue du Rivoli meets the Champs Elysees, the Place de la Concorde is one of the most breathtaking locations in all of France. It is emblematic of the city's splendid architecture and fascinating history : there's the the Tuileries Garden, where 17th century nobility promenaded, the National Assembly, where the Revolution was born, the Obelisk, brought back from Napoleon's conquest. Central and chic, the apartment is just next door to some of the world's most famous restaurants and hotels, like the Crillon and le Meurice. Sightseeing nearby:  The Louvre, The Jardin des Tuileries, place de la Concorde, place des Vosges, Madeleine, Avenue des Champs Elysées, 
16866	Apartment furnished, very cosy, calm and sunny, with one room and one bathroom.	Cosy 42 m2 furbished apartment very calm and sunny.  Located in one of the most beautiful district of Paris  (walking distance from Champs-Elysées, Concorde, Invalides, Louvre). Very safe since located closed to the French President house :-) Apartment furnished, very cosy, calm and sunny, with one room and one bathroom. Accès to the whole apartment I will be happy to help by phone or mail. I'm living at 10mn walk so can also come by myself if necessary. It is located in one of the most beautiful district of Paris (Champs-Elysées, Concorde, Madeleine, Invalides), very central and very safe since it is almost in front of the Palais de l'Elysée which is the house of the French President. Ideal location to discover Paris. There is small supermarket at 5mn walk. Very practical with a lot of transportation: 5mn walk from Miromesnil subway station (line 9 and 13)  8mn walk from Champs-Élysées Clémenceau (line 1)  Lot of bus  around (bus #52 stops just in from of the apartment, and goes direc
16867	Just next to the Champs Elysées (50 meters) Apartment 35 m2. 1 King size Bed + 1 Sofa Bed. A small kitchen, One Bathroom. Washing machine. Balcony. Between the Subway station Mirosmenil and St Phillippe du Roule	Just next to the Champs Elysées (50 meters) Apartment 35 m2. 1 King size Bed + 1 Sofa Bed. A small kitchen, One Bathroom. Washing machine. Balcony. Between the Subway station Mirosmenil and St Phillippe du Roule Just next to the Champs Elysées (50 meters) Apartment 35 m2. 1 King size Bed + 1 Sofa Bed. A small kitchen, One Bathroom. Washing machine. Balcony. Between the Subway station Mirosmenil and St Phillippe du Roule Subway, Mirosmenil and St Philippe du roule 30s feet Champs Elysées... Que dire de plus!? :-)
16868	La localisation de l appartement est unique car près de tous les sites touristiques à pied tels les Champs elysees , Concorde , La seine et les Bateaux mouches ... Metro à quelques minutes . Une belle terrasse vous offre une vue sur tout Paris et la Tour Eiffel qui s'illumine à la tombée de la nuit . 	La localisation de l appartement est unique car près de tous les sites touristiques à pied tels les Champs elysees , Concorde , La seine et les Bateaux mouches ... Metro à quelques minutes . Une belle terrasse vous offre une vue sur tout Paris et la Tour Eiffel qui s'illumine à la tombée de la nuit .  L un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris  metro et bus au pied de l immeuble
16869	Paris 8ème, Métro TERNES ou COURCELLES, tout proche de l'Arc de Triomphe et du Parc Monceau. Immeuble ancien, parquet, moulures. Je laisse une partie de mon appartement à disposition totalement privée, tout en étant dans l'autre partie ; Il y a deux entrées séparées. Appartement clair et calme, très jolie vue dégagée, 3ème étage, orienté sud, avec ascenseur. Un canapé-lit tout neuf en 160 de large extrêmement confortable.	Un canapé-lit tout neuf, extrêmement  confortable dans un salon de 40 m² très clair, avec cuisine américaine, salle de douche et WC privatifs dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, rue calme à 5 mn à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe, vue magnifique sur la Cathédrale Russe de Paris. Paris 8ème, Métro TERNES ou COURCELLES, tout proche de l'Arc de Triomphe et du Parc Monceau. Immeuble ancien, parquet, moulures. Je laisse une partie de mon appartement à disposition totalement privée, tout en étant dans l'autre partie ; Il y a deux entrées séparées. Appartement clair et calme, très jolie vue dégagée, 3ème étage, orienté sud, avec ascenseur. Un canapé-lit tout neuf en 160 de large extrêmement confortable. C'est comme un grand studio : une entrée, un salon de 40 m² avec cuisine américaine (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur) à votre disposition et salle de douche (séchoir à cheveux) et WC entièrement pour vous. Vous trouverez de quoi prendre le petit déjeuner. Je suis présen
16870	Chambre en duplex (salle de douche sur le pallier) d'un grand appartement de caractère au sixième étage avec ascenseur , dans lequel vous aurez la plus grande tranquillité. Terrasse privative avec vue sur Montmartre. Lit double de très très bonne qualité, matelas à mémoire de forme Nous ne sommes pas équipés pour recevoir plus de deux personnes, ni un ménage avec un bébé We can't deal with late arrival (after 19:00) Il est parfois possible (se renseigner auprès de l'hôte) de disposer d'une chambre attenante (1 personne 55€)	Chambre avec terrasse vue Montmartre dans grand appartement 250 m² . Métro place des Ternes ou Courcelles à 300 m, Arc de Triomphe, Champs Élysées à proximité. Environnement calme et sécurisé. On aperçoit la tour Eiffel de la salle à manger ... Chambre en duplex (salle de douche sur le pallier) d'un grand appartement de caractère au sixième étage avec ascenseur , dans lequel vous aurez la plus grande tranquillité. Terrasse privative avec vue sur Montmartre. Lit double de très très bonne qualité, matelas à mémoire de forme Nous ne sommes pas équipés pour recevoir plus de deux personnes, ni un ménage avec un bébé We can't deal with late arrival (after 19:00) Il est parfois possible (se renseigner auprès de l'hôte) de disposer d'une chambre attenante (1 personne 55€) Passage par le salon, pour accéder à la chambre au 7° par escalier  (voir photos) ... peut-être un problème si mobilité réduite). Pas d'accès à la cuisine ni aux autres pièces hors salle de douche et toilettes. Mes beaux pare
16871	You are right in smack the heart of Paris, just a stroll to Concorde, the Louvre, or Madeline, but because this apartment faces off the street and onto a courtyard, you will be in quiet surroundings. This is a good size one bedroom 32 m2 (@343 ft2), located on the third European floor walk up with a double size bed in the bedroom and a newer comfortable sofa pull out bed in the living room. There are several windows looking out to the courtyard. The kitchen is ‘American style’ – open to the living room, with all the basics you need, including a washer and dryer. The bedroom does separate the sleeping area from the rest of the apartment but there is no door to the bedroom which does limit privacy. The floor is very typical in France, with the old style “tomettes” (red clay tiles). The bathroom has a good size shower and the WC is conveniently separate in another room. Being this central in Paris means having lots of transport nearby, like either the line 1 metro at Concorde or line (ema	Close to Concorde. This is a good size one bedroom 32 m2 with a double size bed in the bedroom and a comfortable sofa pull out bed in the living room. The kitchen is ‘American style’ with all the basics. The bedroom does separate the sleeping area from the apartment. You are right in smack the heart of Paris, just a stroll to Concorde, the Louvre, or Madeline, but because this apartment faces off the street and onto a courtyard, you will be in quiet surroundings. This is a good size one bedroom 32 m2 (@343 ft2), located on the third European floor walk up with a double size bed in the bedroom and a newer comfortable sofa pull out bed in the living room. There are several windows looking out to the courtyard. The kitchen is ‘American style’ – open to the living room, with all the basics you need, including a washer and dryer. The bedroom does separate the sleeping area from the rest of the apartment but there is no door to the bedroom which does limit privacy. The floor is very typical 
16872		Studio tout équipé lumineux et fonctionnel, en plein coeur de Paris, à côté des Champs-Elysées, idéal pour visiter Paris. Coin cuisine équipé, salon avec un canapé, un lit gigogne, salle-de-bain avec douche et chambre séparée avec lit double.
16873	Studio on the 7th floor, completely renovated, with large closets, a large living with a sofa bed and a dining table. Kitchen all equipped. Bathroom with a washing machine and a shower. 	Just behind the Place de la madeleine, on the 7th and last floor of a quiet residence, this studio has been all renovated with a large living with a sofa bed. Perfectly equipped for a long stay. Studio on the 7th floor, completely renovated, with large closets, a large living with a sofa bed and a dining table. Kitchen all equipped. Bathroom with a washing machine and a shower.  All is free access, TV, internet wifi, etc... I will welcome you myself to the apartment and give you some advices about Paris. Just between the Place de la Madeleine and the famous department store Galeries Lafayette. You are close also to the rue du faubourg saint honoré or the Champs Elysées. A perfect location to live in Paris. Metro or bus are of course close/
16874		50m2 appartment very close to the Champs-Élysées Avenue (less than 5 min walk). Fully equiped appartment. 
16875	Studio idealement situé. 10 min à Pied des Champs Elysée / 10 min à pied opera et des grands magasins Refait à neuf. tout confort	    Studio 24 m2 proche Champs El, Haussman et Opera refait à neuf en janv 15. tres lumineux draps et linge de toilette fournis Tout equipé: ecran plat, DVD, Wifi illimité   parfait pour vos courts ou long sejours dans la capitale!                    Studio idealement situé. 10 min à Pied des Champs Elysée / 10 min à pied opera et des grands magasins Refait à neuf. tout confort acces a tout le logement et à tous les equipements Quartier central et ideal pour visiter la capitale. Metro à proximité: St Philippe du roule ou Courcelles Studio au 6eme etage avec un ascenceur jusqu'au 5eme.
16876	In particular Hotel, on the 6th and last floor, modern style, under roofs, high ceilings, luxurious and recently renovated, 3 parts 70m2 with separate bedroom and large living room with sofa bed for two people, not two sofas convertible and an inflatable double bed extra. Modern fitted kitchen washing machine and dryer dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave and freezer. Two telescopic, cable and WiFi, Hi-fi and fully air conditioned. Bathroom with bath and shower, separate toilet. Very bright. View of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris. Comfort and tranquility guaranteed. At the edge of one of the most beautiful and quiet avenue of Paris, a few meters from shops, supermarkets, restaurants, subway stations, Velib, Autolib ', Bus, and the Gare St Lazare. 5 mins from the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe, 50 m from the Parc Monceau and St. Augustine, 10 minutes from all the places to visit in Paris. 	In particular Hotel, on the 6th and last floor, modern style, under roofs, high ceilings, luxurious and recently renovated, 3 parts 70m2 with separate bedroom and large living room with sofa bed for two people, not two sofas convertible and an inflatable double bed extra. Modern fitted kitchen washing machine and dryer dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave and freezer. Two telescopic, cable and WiFi, Hi-fi and fully air conditioned. Bathroom with bath and shower, separate toilet. Very bright. View of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris. Comfort and tranquility guaranteed. At the edge of one of the most beautiful and quiet avenue of Paris, a few meters from shops, supermarkets, restaurants, subway stations, Velib, Autolib ', Bus, and the Gare St Lazare. 5 mins from the Champs-Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe, 50 m from the Parc Monceau and St. Augustine, 10 minutes from all the places to visit in Paris. 
16877	Logement est propre avec des tapisseries sur le murs donc les fumeurs a s'abstenir. Femme de menage inclue	T1 au 2 etage, vu sur cour avec buro et SDB et coin cuisine equipee. A 10 min des Champs Elysees et Place des Ternes et a 3min du parc Monceau. Ideal pied a terre pour passer une semaine ou 10 jours sur Paris.
16878	On the 7th floor (with a lift until the 5th floor), the apartment is licated in high standard haussmanian building of Paris. The apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Paris and the heart of the 8th arrondissement. With a large living-room with a sofa and an open kitchen all equipped, the apartment is really luminous with a 360° view on all the monuments of Paris. The bedroom is calm and has large closet. The bathroom has a shower.	On the 7th floor, the apartmenhas an amazing view on Paris. From The Eiffel Tower to Montmartre Basilique, you will be able to see all the diferents monuments of Paris. With a large and luminous living-room, and calm bedroom. Perfect for your stay. On the 7th floor (with a lift until the 5th floor), the apartment is licated in high standard haussmanian building of Paris. The apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Paris and the heart of the 8th arrondissement. With a large living-room with a sofa and an open kitchen all equipped, the apartment is really luminous with a 360° view on all the monuments of Paris. The bedroom is calm and has large closet. The bathroom has a shower. All is available in the apartment : internet wifi, kitchen, bed linen, bath towels, television, etc... I will welcome you myself at the apartment. Two minutes walking distance from the Champs Élysées avenue, the apartment is located in the heart of the 8th district. Close to the famous department store Gal
16879	Located in Paris 8th, two steps from the Champs Elysées: Large studio of 46 m² on the second floor of a mansion four . High ceilings , hardwood floors, marble fireplace, very bright, with : - 1 fully equipped kitchen (electric stove + microwave oven + fridge ) - 1 living -dining room with double sofa bed - 1 bed area with 1 double bed (140 cm wide) - 1 bathroom with bathtub and washing machine clothes - 1 large balcony overlooking courtyard ( 2nd floor). Located just off the Champs Elysees , it is 5 minutes from Parc Monceau and a 15 -minute walk from Opéra and Concorde. Metro lines 9 and 13 are 200 meters from the building ( dessert Champs Elysees, Montparnasse , Place de Clichy, the Grands Boulevards ... ) , not to mention the many nearby bus. Vélib station and supermarket in front of the building. The apartment is quiet and very nice. Linen and towels provided . Wi -fi , flat screen TV , hair dryer, washing machine. I would love to inform you about the nice neighborhoods of Paris , 	Located in Paris 8th, two steps from the Champs Elysées: Large studio of 46 m² on the second floor of a mansion four . High ceilings , hardwood floors, marble fireplace, very bright, with : - 1 fully equipped kitchen (electric stove + microwave oven + fridge ) - 1 living -dining room with double sofa bed - 1 bed area with 1 double bed (140 cm wide) - 1 bathroom with bathtub and washing machine clothes - 1 large balcony overlooking courtyard ( 2nd floor). Located just off the Champs Elysees , it is 5 minutes from Parc Monceau and a 15 -minute walk from Opéra and Concorde. Metro lines 9 and 13 are 200 meters from the building ( dessert Champs Elysees, Montparnasse , Place de Clichy, the Grands Boulevards ... ) , not to mention the many nearby bus. Vélib station and supermarket in front of the building. The apartment is quiet and very nice. Linen and towels provided . Wi -fi , flat screen TV , hair dryer, washing machine. I would love to inform you about the nice neighborhoods of Paris , 
16880	Studio très spacieux, 4ème étage avec ascenseur dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Jolie décoration épurée. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant 	Studio d'artiste très spacieux (40 m2) en plein Paris (17ème) Situé entre la place de l'étoile et du typique Montmartre Studio très spacieux, 4ème étage avec ascenseur dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Jolie décoration épurée. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant Métro Monceau ligne 2 a 2 stations du métro Charles de Gaulle étoile Station vélib au coin de la rue Boulevard très calme et agréable situé dans un quartier très sécurisé face au Parc Monceau. Proche des Champs Élysées, Pigalle et Montmartre Métro Monceau ligne 2 a 2 stations du métro Charles de Gaulle étoile Station vélib au coin de la rue
16881	Fully  equipped,modern and design flat, entirely made by an architect. Open kitchen on the living room , design and convenient bathroom with italian shower. Ideal for a couple who which to discover Paris while staying in the famous district of Parc Monceau and close to Champs Elysée.  This flat is also a very convenient place to stay for business matters, wifi and cable TV, taxis, buses, subway, access to airport buses and many restaurants. The environment is safe, peaceful and quite, very beautiful architecture. There is a club med gym in front of the flat and also a very good french restaurant. Rue de Courcelles with a lot of fashion and trendy stores is at the corner of the street. Very well deserved with buses,  taxi, a vélib station and the line 2 (1 minute walk) of the parisian subway.  That line can brings you in less than 10 minutes to the famous places of Paris postcards and nightlife, Batignolles, Montmartre, Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. If you go further, Le Père Lachaisse and t	Fully  equipped,modern and design flat, entirely made by an architect. Open kitchen on the living room , design and convenient bathroom with italian shower. Ideal for a couple who which to discover Paris while staying in the famous district of Parc Monceau and close to Champs Elysée.  This flat is also a very convenient place to stay for business matters, wifi and cable TV, taxis, buses, subway, access to airport buses and many restaurants. The environment is safe, peaceful and quite, very beautiful architecture. There is a club med gym in front of the flat and also a very good french restaurant. Rue de Courcelles with a lot of fashion and trendy stores is at the corner of the street. Very well deserved with buses,  taxi, a vélib station and the line 2 (1 minute walk) of the parisian subway.  That line can brings you in less than 10 minutes to the famous places of Paris postcards and nightlife, Batignolles, Montmartre, Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. If you go further, Le Père Lachaisse and t
16882	In a classy district, rue de monceau, 100 m from the Parc Monceau. 7th floor with an elevator Attic Room, 65 m2. A spacious and luminous living room, with several views on Paris and its monuments. 2 sofas. A cosy room with a king size bed and a view on the Sacré Coeur. Spacious Kitchen et bathroom. WC, Bath, dish washer, washing machine. Métro Monceau ligne 2 Métro Villiers ligne 2 et 3 Métro Miromesnil ligne 9 et 13 Close from the Champs Elysées and the gare St Lazare A very romantic nest. Unique !	In a classy district, rue de monceau, 100 m from the Parc Monceau. 7th floor with an elevator Attic Room, 65 m2. A spacious and luminous living room, with several views on Paris and its monuments. 2 sofas. A cosy room with a king size bed and a view on the Sacré Coeur. Spacious Kitchen et bathroom. WC, Bath, dish washer, washing machine. Métro Monceau ligne 2 Métro Villiers ligne 2 et 3 Métro Miromesnil ligne 9 et 13 Close from the Champs Elysées and the gare St Lazare A very romantic nest. Unique !
16883	5 eme étage avec ascenseur	5 eme étage avec ascenseur
16884	Séjournez dans un appartement de 60 m² à deux pas des Champs Elysées, une position idéale pour visiter la ville. Il est également très lumineux et très calme. Pièces : cuisine, salon, salle à manger, chambre, salle de bain et toilettes séparées Couchage : 1 lit double (200 x 200 cm) Cuisine toute équipée avec : Plaque de cuisson / Réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélation / Nespresso / Bouilloire / grille pain / four Salle de bain avec : Douche / Sèche-cheveux Equipements multimédia : Téléphone / Télévision Câble / Satellite / Internet Wifi Autres : Lave-linge / Lave vaisselle / Aspirateur / Fer à repasser / Table à repasser / Draps et linge compris / Chauffage Vue sur cour (très calme et lumineux) Étage : 2 sur 5 avec ascenseur et escaliers. Services annexes : Serviettes de toilettes fournies / Draps fournis.	Bel appartement de 60 m² tout équipé, près des champs Elysées, composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une salle à manger et d'une cuisine. Très lumineux et très calme, il est idéal pour profiter de la capitale !! Perfect for a few days in Paris ! Séjournez dans un appartement de 60 m² à deux pas des Champs Elysées, une position idéale pour visiter la ville. Il est également très lumineux et très calme. Pièces : cuisine, salon, salle à manger, chambre, salle de bain et toilettes séparées Couchage : 1 lit double (200 x 200 cm) Cuisine toute équipée avec : Plaque de cuisson / Réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélation / Nespresso / Bouilloire / grille pain / four Salle de bain avec : Douche / Sèche-cheveux Equipements multimédia : Téléphone / Télévision Câble / Satellite / Internet Wifi Autres : Lave-linge / Lave vaisselle / Aspirateur / Fer à repasser / Table à repasser / Draps et linge compris / Chauffage Vue sur cour (très calme et lumineux) Étage : 2 sur 5 avec ascenseur et escaliers. 
16885		Lovely, modern & confortable Apartment, heart of Triangle d'Or (4 min walk from av Montaigne & Champs Elysées, close to Eiffel tower). 1 Bedroom, 1 large livingroom (sofabed), kitchen fully equipped, shower + bathtube. Free wifi & TV
16886	A studio, comfortable and functional ,located in the luxurious rue du faubourg Saint Honoré. Just a step from the famous Avenue des Champs Elysées and The Elysée. It is in the 5th floor with elevator of a building full of charm.This studio is ideal for a tourist visit because it is near numerous monuments but also for a  business stay because it is situated in the middle of an important business district in Paris. You can also discover the garden of the Tuileries and Champs Elysees not far from there .  It has a small separated kitchen, a bathroom with a small bathtub, a main room with a double very confortable double sofa bed, cable Tv and internet connection. For your comfort and convenience, bed linen and towels are provided as well. This apartment is filled with natural light and will allow you to settle in nicely after a long business day or a visit of Paris.	A studio, comfortable and functional ,located in the luxurious rue du faubourg Saint Honoré. Just a step from the famous Avenue des Champs Elysées and The Elysée. It is in the 5th floor with elevator of a building full of charm.This studio is ideal for a tourist visit because it is near numerous monuments but also for a  business stay because it is situated in the middle of an important business district in Paris. You can also discover the garden of the Tuileries and Champs Elysees not far from there .  It has a small separated kitchen, a bathroom with a small bathtub, a main room with a double very confortable double sofa bed, cable Tv and internet connection. For your comfort and convenience, bed linen and towels are provided as well. This apartment is filled with natural light and will allow you to settle in nicely after a long business day or a visit of Paris. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat. If you check in on sunday, holidays or af
16887	The apartment is brand new, clean, has a long balcony and is tastefully furnished. The room is spacious and has ample storage space. The bathroom has a large bath. Wifi throughout the apartment. You will also have access to the kitchen (fully equipped) and washing machine.	Spacious room in an amasing haussmanien appartement from 150m2. In a colocation of 3 person living there, your immersion in the french culture will be amazing ! The apartment is brand new, clean, has a long balcony and is tastefully furnished. The room is spacious and has ample storage space. The bathroom has a large bath. Wifi throughout the apartment. You will also have access to the kitchen (fully equipped) and washing machine. Guests have access to all the equipment of the house: - Wifi throughout the apartment - Shared bath with tub - Kitchen - Washing machine - Dishwasher - Projector - Everything you need :) We are international and we like to share with our guests. We speak English, chinese and French and we'd love to tell you the good addresses in Paris. You have access to all the equipment in the apartment, but have a quiet and independent room if you prefer to be quiet. The apartment is located in a commercial street with the most luxury brands at the foot of the apartment. T
16888		现代化装修，有独立卫浴，一个单人床，一个衣柜。在顶层，但是没有斜顶和电梯,网是公共网络. 2 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées.  size: 12 m² Room facilities:1 single bed，Private  Toilet, Bathroom. 6th floor without lift. Public wifi: freewifi. 出门3分钟就是1 号线。9号线
16889	This a 25m2 studio. There are a new and clean bathroom, a small kitchen area, a sofa-bed, tables ... 	    Book a new studio in the heart of Paris, with a walking distance to the main tourist areas. The flat has been built last year and is well equiped with a convenient bathroom, a small kitchen area, a sofa bed ... The area is very chic, calm and safe.    This a 25m2 studio. There are a new and clean bathroom, a small kitchen area, a sofa-bed, tables ... Close to the Champs-Elysées, many shop areas (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette), many museum (Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Louvre ...). Close to the Palais de l'Elysée (President's home). Many Métro stations: Champs-Elysées-Clémenceau, Concorde, Madeleine, Saint-Augustin, Miromesnil.
16890	Traduction en français plus bas.  Welcome to the Parisien Great Studio - Louvre & Champs Elysées, charming, comfortable and well equipped. You will feel like home. Just your suitcase will be enough. My studio is great for travelers looking to see the city in a personal way.  Really well located right in the center of Paris, nearby all facilities, you can easily walk to anywhere you like such as Opera, Le Louvre, Champs Elysées, la Seine walk way until the Eiffel tower or Galeries Lafayette.  And the metro is just 3 minutes away if you want to go all around Paris. We provide (included in the price):  - Free wi-fi internet  - A set of 2 towels per person - Linen & blankets - Iron / iron board  Ideal for you / or couple / couple with a kid / 2-3 friends STUDIO (all comfort) -double sofa bed -flat screen Samsung TV with dvd player and USB system -dining table with 3 chairs -heater -Hi-fi with Bluethooth -double bed with comfortable mattress -chest of drawers -hanging rail with hangers -she	On the top floor, in a late 18th building, really bright studio, well equipped, all comfort, with wodden beams & cosy feel. Located in the heart of Paris, by Le Louvre, Champs-Elysees & Opera. Closed to metro station and surrounded by all commodities. Lift.Really appropriate to just enjoy Parisien life style Traduction en français plus bas.  Welcome to the Parisien Great Studio - Louvre & Champs Elysées, charming, comfortable and well equipped. You will feel like home. Just your suitcase will be enough. My studio is great for travelers looking to see the city in a personal way.  Really well located right in the center of Paris, nearby all facilities, you can easily walk to anywhere you like such as Opera, Le Louvre, Champs Elysées, la Seine walk way until the Eiffel tower or Galeries Lafayette.  And the metro is just 3 minutes away if you want to go all around Paris. We provide (included in the price):  - Free wi-fi internet  - A set of 2 towels per person - Linen & blankets - Iron / i
16891	Architect, I renovated my flat this year to do my cozy corner, a place where one feels at ease. My apartment is located in a in a very lively area with the famous “rue de Levis”: a walking street with a lot of commodity french market, butcher shop, boulangerie, wine shop, cheese shop, restaurants…  My apartment is on the 5th level and It’s very clear and luminous. This flat is composed by a spacious living room, one bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom. It’s perfect for a couple but 1 or 2 people more can sleep in the living room in our sofa bed. What I love about my neighbourhood is to run during the morning in parc Monceau, to buy fresch food product in the Marché Lévis and stop for a coffee in the bistrot d’ID. Go up during the afternoon in Montmartre to stop in a boho store. Have an aperitif in the Bloc in Batignoles before to have diner in Clan des Jules ! And during the Sunday, walking in the champs Elysées to go to the cinema , it’s only 20 min by foot ! I hope you wi	I rent my two-rooms apartment In a typical quarter much appreciated by Parisians. Less than 10 min by metro to Champs Elysées, Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Montmartre. Architect, I renovated my flat this year to do my cozy corner, a place where one feels at ease. My apartment is located in a in a very lively area with the famous “rue de Levis”: a walking street with a lot of commodity french market, butcher shop, boulangerie, wine shop, cheese shop, restaurants…  My apartment is on the 5th level and It’s very clear and luminous. This flat is composed by a spacious living room, one bedroom, one separated kitchen and one bathroom. It’s perfect for a couple but 1 or 2 people more can sleep in the living room in our sofa bed. What I love about my neighbourhood is to run during the morning in parc Monceau, to buy fresch food product in the Marché Lévis and stop for a coffee in the bistrot d’ID. Go up during the afternoon in Montmartre to stop in a boho store. Have an aperitif in the Bloc in
16892	Welcome to a nice parisian 2 rooms appartement which is 60m² (650 square feet). The neighborhood (Batignolles area) is also typically parisian. A lot of little shops, restaurants, brunches, markets, organic markets, boulangerie... We will leave at home a map with all the nice places to go to. You'll be located a the intersection of two main underground lines ( 2 & 13). Line 2 will take you to the famous Champs Elysées (10 minutes) or to the trendy Canal Saint Martin but also to the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre (5 minutes). You will be to the Moulin Rouge and Pigalle by less than 10 minutes walk and to the Opera Garnier and its big shopping area by 20 minutes walk or 10 minutes by bus. The bedroom offers a queen size bed and a dressing area emptied for you. Bed linen and towels are provided. The bathroom includes a large shower and a washer-dryer machine. The kitchen is equipped with coffee maker, fridge, oven + microwave and stove. The orientation of the flat is west so you'll have plent	Welcome to a nice parisian 2 rooms appartement which is 60m² (650 square feet). The neighborhood (Batignolles area) is also typically parisian. A lot of little shops, restaurants, brunches, markets, organic markets, boulangerie... We will leave at home a map with all the nice places to go to. You'll be located a the intersection of two main underground lines ( 2 & 13). Line 2 will take you to the famous Champs Elysées (10 minutes) or to the trendy Canal Saint Martin but also to the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre (5 minutes). You will be to the Moulin Rouge and Pigalle by less than 10 minutes walk and to the Opera Garnier and its big shopping area by 20 minutes walk or 10 minutes by bus. The bedroom offers a queen size bed and a dressing area emptied for you. Bed linen and towels are provided. The bathroom includes a large shower and a washer-dryer machine. The kitchen is equipped with coffee maker, fridge, oven + microwave and stove. The orientation of the flat is west so you'll have plent
16893	The apartment is located at 2nd floor with lift, consists of 1 hall, 1 living room with kitchen and bathroom with toilet. It can accomodate up to 2 people with 1 double sofa bed.	"This welcoming and cozy Appart is typical! It can accommodate 2 people and is centrally located in a quiet courtyard between Saint-Lazare and Saint Augustin. Enjoy the proximity to the metro and major department stores: Galeries Lafayette & Printemps The apartment is located at 2nd floor with lift, consists of 1 hall, 1 living room with kitchen and bathroom with toilet. It can accomodate up to 2 people with 1 double sofa bed. Can access to the open kitchen, bathroom with toilet. No provison of the wardrobes. Correspondence by email or by mobile. Central Area of Paris close to the commercial gallery of Saint Lazare train station, the department stores (""Galeries Lafayette"" & ""Printemps""), a lot of restaurants & catering & commodities...  Down of the building, you can find ""Mark & Spencer"" & ""Starbuck"" and Brasserie ""Le Lazare"" of the chef ""Eric Fréchon"" http:// lazare-(website hidden). Metro : lines (phone number hidden) + RER A & E Bus : lines (phone number hidden). Parking on street o"
16894	1 bed room  1 salon/ 1 small kitchen  1 shower/bathroom 6th floor, no lift, quite, very sunny	1 bed room  1 salon/ 1 small kitchen  1 shower/bathroom 6th floor, no lift, quite, very sunny Luxury stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, Prada) A lot of museums (Musée Jacquemart André, Le Louvre) Monuments (Madeleine, Opera, Moulin Rouge) Supermarket just in front of the house 4 subway lines in 30 secs from the apartment 2 RER bus stations taxi station
16895	Hi All, Thanks so much for reading my listing. Take a look at the description and feel free to email me with any questions you have. The main important thing for me is safety for my books and my DVDS. I work in the film industry and they are my tools for work. Thanks Two true bedrooms with a queen size bed in each bedroom, two bathrooms one with a bathtub, the other one with a walk-in shower. Double living room with open plan kitchen suitable for dinning up to six people. The apartment is south facing on the 5th floor with elevator access. You will receive the ENTIRE APARTMENT, which come with everything you need: FREE WiFi, fresh sheets for each bed, fresh towels for each guest and all kitchen supplies (dishwasher,washing machine, dryer, microwave, toaster etc ). One bedroom facing a courtyard, it's very quiet. The other bedroom faces the street which has double windows to protect from the outside world. Lovely hardwood floors throughout apartment.  I have a professional cleaner that 	Hi All, Thanks so much for reading my listing. Take a look at the description and feel free to email me with any questions you have. The main important thing for me is safety for my books and my DVDS. I work in the film industry and they are my tools for work. Thanks Two true bedrooms with a queen size bed in each bedroom, two bathrooms one with a bathtub, the other one with a walk-in shower. Double living room with open plan kitchen suitable for dinning up to six people. The apartment is south facing on the 5th floor with elevator access. You will receive the ENTIRE APARTMENT, which come with everything you need: FREE WiFi, fresh sheets for each bed, fresh towels for each guest and all kitchen supplies (dishwasher,washing machine, dryer, microwave, toaster etc ). One bedroom facing a courtyard, it's very quiet. The other bedroom faces the street which has double windows to protect from the outside world. Lovely hardwood floors throughout apartment.  I have a professional cleaner that 
16896	ADDRESS : 7 BIS Rue Monceau (Champs Elysees - Paris 08th)  2 Rooms Apt - with 1 large bedroom  Sleeps: 4 people (1 queen size bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 3rd by the stairs Subway: Etoile, Courcelles or St Philippe du Roule  Surface area: 44 m²/473 sq. ft Short List: All equipped (Check Inventory for more details)  The Big Plus: The location: Next to the Champs Elysees and the Eiffel Tower.  Five minutes from the coach stop of the Air France airport shuttle service. •Close to Metro/RER, bus and airport shuttle stop * Close to major monuments, attractions and a park * Close to shops, bars, restaurants, cafes, boulangeries * Safe, friendly, peaceful neighbourhood THE PROPERTY Apt fully renovated in 2011. This luxury one-bedroom is on the 3rd floor of a grand 19th century building near the foot of the Arc de Triomphe monument. The apartment  is very spacious. The living room, with a full-length French window, is bright and welcoming, thanks to soothing elegant colors. The room has a round di	ADDRESS : 7 BIS Rue Monceau (Champs Elysees - Paris 08th)  2 Rooms Apt - with 1 large bedroom  Sleeps: 4 people (1 queen size bed + 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 3rd by the stairs Subway: Etoile, Courcelles or St Philippe du Roule  Surface area: 44 m²/473 sq. ft Short List: All equipped (Check Inventory for more details)  The Big Plus: The location: Next to the Champs Elysees and the Eiffel Tower.  Five minutes from the coach stop of the Air France airport shuttle service. •Close to Metro/RER, bus and airport shuttle stop * Close to major monuments, attractions and a park * Close to shops, bars, restaurants, cafes, boulangeries * Safe, friendly, peaceful neighbourhood THE PROPERTY Apt fully renovated in 2011. This luxury one-bedroom is on the 3rd floor of a grand 19th century building near the foot of the Arc de Triomphe monument. The apartment  is very spacious. The living room, with a full-length French window, is bright and welcoming, thanks to soothing elegant colors. The room has a round di
16897	L'appartement est situé au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur), offrant une surface de 30 m² idéal pour un séjour à deux. Il est composé d'un salon équipé d'un canapé convertible en lit 2 places (matelas couchage quotidien), d'une cuisine ouverte toute équipée et d'une salle d'eau moderne. Appartement lumineux et récemment rénové, il offre un parfait confort entre une décoration moderne et le charme de l'ancien. Proche des Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), gare Saint Lazare, Parc Monceau et rue Levis.	Located in ideal living area, close to shops, our lovely bright apartment with double exposure offers a perfect stay for 2 people. Newly renovated, large living-room, sofa bed 2 places, parquet, fireplace, Wifi, TV.
16898	Welcome at our home, Our apartment contains: - 2 beautiful bedrooms, each with a double bed (with possibility of providing you with baby's bed),  - 1 lounge of 30m ², comfortable and bright, - 1 dining room with a big wooden table,  - 1 fully equipped American kitchen, - 1 bathroom with a spacious shower (with only 1 access from the master bedroom), - 1 separate restroom.  The decoration is modern and warm. It is a typically Parisian Haussmann apartment, with parquet, mouldings and fireplace. It is ideally located right in the center of Paris, in the district of “La Madeleine” (a famous Parisian church). At the end of the street, the “place de la Concorde”, the “Champs-Elysées”, the garden of the Tuileries and in its continuity the “Musée du Louvre”, will be places of walk and stroll that you will appreciate a lot. Within 5mn by foot, well known department stores “Galleries Lafayette” and “Printemps”) and at Christmas time, their magic showcases. You will also find in the immediate nea	Welcome at our home, Our apartment contains: - 2 beautiful bedrooms, each with a double bed (with possibility of providing you with baby's bed),  - 1 lounge of 30m ², comfortable and bright, - 1 dining room with a big wooden table,  - 1 fully equipped American kitchen, - 1 bathroom with a spacious shower (with only 1 access from the master bedroom), - 1 separate restroom.  The decoration is modern and warm. It is a typically Parisian Haussmann apartment, with parquet, mouldings and fireplace. It is ideally located right in the center of Paris, in the district of “La Madeleine” (a famous Parisian church). At the end of the street, the “place de la Concorde”, the “Champs-Elysées”, the garden of the Tuileries and in its continuity the “Musée du Louvre”, will be places of walk and stroll that you will appreciate a lot. Within 5mn by foot, well known department stores “Galleries Lafayette” and “Printemps”) and at Christmas time, their magic showcases. You will also find in the immediate nea
16899		n a beautiful Haussmann style architecture building, luminous and airy furnished studio which accommodates 2 people with a double bed 140*200 in the mezzanine . It is ideally located between Arc de Triomphe and Louvre, within walking distance to all
16900	This charming flat is fully equipped, the kitchen is brand new, there are 3 bedrooms and 2 private bathrooms. With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!	Luxurious 4 rooms apartment in the most prestigious neighborhood of Paris This charming flat is fully equipped, the kitchen is brand new, there are 3 bedrooms and 2 private bathrooms. With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor! Free Wifi Access and Cable TV provided I provide my clients with clean towels and linens Ideally located in the heart of Paris, only few minutes walk from the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, this flat offers a relaxing and comfortable stay in an elegant and modern Parisian ambiance.  The apartment is perfectly located between the famous Montaigne avenue and the Champs Elysees. All transportations lead to the place
16901	30 sqm large studio for 4 people on the 6th floor with elevator overlooking a (website hidden) consist of : - a living room, a sofa with a pull out bed for two adults (140*200) , a coffe table, a table which could be used for dinner, a wardrobe, four chairs, TVHD, DVD, internet connection. Very elegant decor. - a mezzanine with a double bed (phone number hidden) meter high at the top of the stairs     a kitchen open on the living room with : micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking and eating. - a bathroom with a shower, sink and wc. Hair dryer. The linen is provided	Fully quiet, precisely in the heart of Champs Elysées and Ternes quarters and Marché Poncelet... 30 sqm large studio for 4 people on the 6th floor with elevator overlooking a (website hidden) consist of : - a living room, a sofa with a pull out bed for two adults (140*200) , a coffe table, a table which could be used for dinner, a wardrobe, four chairs, TVHD, DVD, internet connection. Very elegant decor. - a mezzanine with a double bed (phone number hidden) meter high at the top of the stairs     a kitchen open on the living room with : micro wave, cook tops, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, teapot, washing machine and all you might need for cooking and eating. - a bathroom with a shower, sink and wc. Hair dryer. The linen is provided
16902	Depuis mon appartement on peut aller à pieds ou en métro (pas plus de 5 à 10 stations)pour visiter les principaux lieux touristiques de Paris : Tour Eiffel, Montmartre, musé du Louvre, Champs Elysées, la rue du faubourg Saint Honoré avec ses Grands Couturiers ....	L'appartement est spacieux, clair, calme, situé à 10mn des Champs Élysées et à 2 pas du parc Monceau Le salon est grand (35m2)meublé avec des meubles anciens pas forcément du même style, mais j'aime. 3 fenêtres l'éclairent et sont garnies de plantes Depuis mon appartement on peut aller à pieds ou en métro (pas plus de 5 à 10 stations)pour visiter les principaux lieux touristiques de Paris : Tour Eiffel, Montmartre, musé du Louvre, Champs Elysées, la rue du faubourg Saint Honoré avec ses Grands Couturiers .... L'appartement est le long du Parc. Accessible pour faire du Jogging matin ou soir. Air de jeux pour les enfants. Bien entendu, si mes locataires veulent des renseignements durant leur séjour, ils peuvent me contacter sur mon portable. Nous pouvons également échanger par email avant votre arrivée. Je parle couramment anglais Le quartier est très agréable avec la proximité du parc Monceau et facile d'accès aux principaux lieux touristiques. Magasins, café, restaurants,marché de la r
16903	"L'appartement est idéalement situé entre l'église de la Madeleine et la Place de la Concorde, à deux pas de la rue Saint Honoré.  Il traverse le 4ème étage d'un immeuble exposé Est-Ouest, avec une superficie de 58m2, se faisant un gite spacieux, calme et lumineux. Ce 2 pièces idéal pour un couple, peut accueillir jusqu'à 3-4 personnes puisque le canapé du salon peut se déplier pour ""1 personne et demie"". //English version// The apartment is ideally located between the Madeleine Church and the Place de la Concorde, close to Rue Saint Honoré . It crosses the 4th floor of an East- West facing building, with an area of 58m2, making a spacious, quiet and bright place. This 2 rooms ideal for a couple, can accommodate up to 3-4 people as the living room sofa can be unfolded for ""one and a half person."""	"2 min walking away from Place de La Concorde that separates Champs Elysées and Tuileries (the garden leading to the Louvre), the apartment is very well situated in the heart of Paris and the perfect place to enjoy outrightly and easily Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé entre l'église de la Madeleine et la Place de la Concorde, à deux pas de la rue Saint Honoré.  Il traverse le 4ème étage d'un immeuble exposé Est-Ouest, avec une superficie de 58m2, se faisant un gite spacieux, calme et lumineux. Ce 2 pièces idéal pour un couple, peut accueillir jusqu'à 3-4 personnes puisque le canapé du salon peut se déplier pour ""1 personne et demie"". //English version// The apartment is ideally located between the Madeleine Church and the Place de la Concorde, close to Rue Saint Honoré . It crosses the 4th floor of an East- West facing building, with an area of 58m2, making a spacious, quiet and bright place. This 2 rooms ideal for a couple, can accommodate up to 3-4 people as the living room "
16904	Cozy apartment located right in the center of Paris in the theater district. It has been completely renovated by an interior designer few months ago and includes all necessary appliances. Description: Amazing location near Place Pigalle, in a charming and vibrant neighbourhood. A short 5-minute walk away from the Saint-Lazare train station and close to metro stations from 5 different lines, allowing easy access to the rest of Paris. Within walking distance: great shopping at the Galeries Lafayettes (10 minutes), and amazing nightlife at the Moulin Rouge (5 minutes). For your convenience, there is an organic food store and a supermarket nearby which is open late at night. I would be happy to provide you with business cards of places you might enjoy, and I will welcome you with a nice bottle of French wine.	Cozy apartment located right in the center of Paris in the theater district.  It has been completely renovated by an interior designer few months ago and includes all necessary appliances. Cozy apartment located right in the center of Paris in the theater district. It has been completely renovated by an interior designer few months ago and includes all necessary appliances. Description: Amazing location near Place Pigalle, in a charming and vibrant neighbourhood. A short 5-minute walk away from the Saint-Lazare train station and close to metro stations from 5 different lines, allowing easy access to the rest of Paris. Within walking distance: great shopping at the Galeries Lafayettes (10 minutes), and amazing nightlife at the Moulin Rouge (5 minutes). For your convenience, there is an organic food store and a supermarket nearby which is open late at night. I would be happy to provide you with business cards of places you might enjoy, and I will welcome you with a nice bottle of French 
16905	Appartement de 90m2 avec une chambre et un canapé-lit, spacieux et confortable, à proximité immédiate de l'Avenue des Champs Elysées, au 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Très bien équipé, avec parquet au sol, il est décoré avec goût et dispose d'une belle chambre double, une salle de bains avec baignoire et WC, une cuisine donnant sur une grande salle à manger. Cet appartement peut accueillir très confortablement 1 à 4 personnes. Le salon dispose de deux grands canapés, dont un canapé-lit, une TV LCD avec accès aux chaînes internationales, Canal+ et lecteur blue-ray et DVD. La chambre dispose d'un grand lit. Dans la cuisine se trouvent une plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four électrique, un four à micro-ondes, un réfrigérateur, un lave-vaisselle, un lave linge et sèche linge et tout le petit électroménager classique. Cet appartement est idéal pour des touristes désireux de séjourner au cœur de Paris, au coin de « la plus belle avenue du monde ».	Appartement de 90m2, spacieux et confortable, à proximité immédiate de l'Avenue des Champs-Elysées, au 5ème et dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien.            Appartement de 90m2 avec une chambre et un canapé-lit, spacieux et confortable, à proximité immédiate de l'Avenue des Champs Elysées, au 5ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Très bien équipé, avec parquet au sol, il est décoré avec goût et dispose d'une belle chambre double, une salle de bains avec baignoire et WC, une cuisine donnant sur une grande salle à manger. Cet appartement peut accueillir très confortablement 1 à 4 personnes. Le salon dispose de deux grands canapés, dont un canapé-lit, une TV LCD avec accès aux chaînes internationales, Canal+ et lecteur blue-ray et DVD. La chambre dispose d'un grand lit. Dans la cuisine se trouvent une plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique, un four électrique, un four à micro-ondes, un réfrigérateur, un lave-vaisselle, un lave linge et sèche linge et to
16906	Experience the City of Lights in the utmost comfort and in a true typical Parisian style, in the center of it all!!! This apartment is in a Haussmannien building built in the early 1900's. It has all the original wall and ceiling moldings, fireplaces, parquet floors and high ceilings. It is located just steps away (150 meters) from the Avenue des Champs-Elysées, considered as the most beautiful avenue of the world. It is also perfectly located within walking distance, just minutes away from Rue Faubourg St.Honoré and Ave Montaigne, where you will be able to indulge in all the exclusive high-end designer stores. Non-smoking apartment. For any questions, please feel free to get in touch. 	Located just steps away (150 meters) from the Avenue des Champs-Elysées, considered as the most beautiful avenue of the world. It is also perfectly located within walking distance, just minutes away from Rue Faubourg St.Honoré and Ave Montaigne. Experience the City of Lights in the utmost comfort and in a true typical Parisian style, in the center of it all!!! This apartment is in a Haussmannien building built in the early 1900's. It has all the original wall and ceiling moldings, fireplaces, parquet floors and high ceilings. It is located just steps away (150 meters) from the Avenue des Champs-Elysées, considered as the most beautiful avenue of the world. It is also perfectly located within walking distance, just minutes away from Rue Faubourg St.Honoré and Ave Montaigne, where you will be able to indulge in all the exclusive high-end designer stores. Non-smoking apartment. For any questions, please feel free to get in touch. 
16907		Affitto bilocale in residence con servizio portineria nei pressi degli Champs Elysee e Grand Boulevards. Dotato di 1 camera doppia, soggiorno con divano letto, due bagni, angolo cottura. Affitta per settimana (da sabato a sabato) o periodo intero.
16908	Near Champs Elysées, live the prestige of Paris in an authentic townhouse in Haussmannien style.  In the heart of the 8th arrondissement, only 3min walk from the rue Faubourg Saint Honoré, the Champs Elysées avenue (famous for its boutiques and restaurants) the Arc de Triomphe historical landmark and the Park Monceau, this is a very charming flat on the third and last floor with stairs.  Living Room with large sofa-bed, one Master bedroom with Queen-size bed, one single room, fully equipped kitchen, spacious dressing room, a bathroom with a bathtub and movable shower. With a contemporary decoration, some rooms with carpet on the floor, very light and bright, calm and recently renovated.  APARTMENT UTILITIES :  Cable TV (French, English, Spanish Channels) Wireless Internet Oven/Stove Washing Machine/Dryer Microwave Coffee Machine Boiler Fridge/Freezer Central Heating Fan Window Curtains For your comfort, we offer clean sheets and towels during your stay. Personal assistance if ever need	Near Champs Elysées, live the prestige of Paris in an authentic townhouse in Haussmannien style.  In the heart of the 8th arrondissement, only 3min walk from the rue Faubourg Saint Honoré, the Champs Elysées avenue (famous for its boutiques and restaurants) the Arc de Triomphe historical landmark and the Park Monceau, this is a very charming flat on the third and last floor with stairs.  Living Room with large sofa-bed, one Master bedroom with Queen-size bed, one single room, fully equipped kitchen, spacious dressing room, a bathroom with a bathtub and movable shower. With a contemporary decoration, some rooms with carpet on the floor, very light and bright, calm and recently renovated.  APARTMENT UTILITIES :  Cable TV (French, English, Spanish Channels) Wireless Internet Oven/Stove Washing Machine/Dryer Microwave Coffee Machine Boiler Fridge/Freezer Central Heating Fan Window Curtains For your comfort, we offer clean sheets and towels during your stay. Personal assistance if ever need
16909	Clean and confortable!! On the 6th flor of an haussmannian tipical  building.  View on Paris roof top Near by many nice area and shopping: Rue de levis shopping street. Grands magasins (printemps and galeries lafayette)  Saint lazare station  Champs Elysées Montmartres Parc Monceau Pigales	Enjoy a nice and luminous flat on the 6th floor of a tipical parisian building.   Near metro station Line 3 and 2. Bed linen and towel included.
16910	• Chic apartment in a trendy neighborhood Offering a high standard of conveniences in a XIXth century cut stone building, this three bedroom apartment is perfect to experience a unique and unforgettable stay in the City of Lights. The area is excellent for walks, for shopping and to discover a great variety of restaurants. It is located at a walking distance from mythical Parisian places (Le Louvre, Jardins des Tuileries, Palais Royal,…) and it is also a few minutes away from Saint Germain des Prés and the Champs Elysées and most of the most attractive touristic sites in Paris by taking one of the many buses or the metro closeby. The apartment was recently entirely renovated. It is located in a beautiful traditional building equipped with an elevator/lift. Two bedrooms are on a very quiet interior courtyard, the third one is located on the street and has sound proof windows. The three bedrooms are furnished with brand new and high quality queen size beds. Much of the apartment is still	This beautiful newly renovated three bedroom apartment (130 sqare meters - 1400 square foot) has been decorated with great care and is located in one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Paris, between the Palais de l’Elysée  • Chic apartment in a trendy neighborhood Offering a high standard of conveniences in a XIXth century cut stone building, this three bedroom apartment is perfect to experience a unique and unforgettable stay in the City of Lights. The area is excellent for walks, for shopping and to discover a great variety of restaurants. It is located at a walking distance from mythical Parisian places (Le Louvre, Jardins des Tuileries, Palais Royal,…) and it is also a few minutes away from Saint Germain des Prés and the Champs Elysées and most of the most attractive touristic sites in Paris by taking one of the many buses or the metro closeby. The apartment was recently entirely renovated. It is located in a beautiful traditional building equipped with an elevator/lift. Two bedroo
16911	The Space is brand new. It was fully rebuilt and refurbished with high standard materials and furniture. The architecture was partially designed by Eiffel himself in 1921.	Very Nice and Quiet Double Bedroom in the heart of the 8th Arrondissement near Parc Monceau, Museums, Faubourg Saint-Honoré, Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, Champs Elysée. Including Private Bathroom with Shower and WC Apartment has Air Cond The Space is brand new. It was fully rebuilt and refurbished with high standard materials and furniture. The architecture was partially designed by Eiffel himself in 1921. Private Bedroom and Bathroom including Toilets Lift Very central for visiting Paris.  Truly chic, soft and quiet district Dans le 8e arrondissement de Paris sont rassemblés certains des lieux les plus importants culturellement et politiquement de la capitale. Trésor de l'architecture parisienne, l'avenue des Champs-Élysées est l'un des monuments les plus célèbres de l'arrondissement. Le long de « la plus belle avenue du monde » comme on aime souvent à la décrire, se pressent les boutiques luxueuses et les organes de presse qui font la richesse de la capitale. Cette avenue, créée pa
16912	Typical French high ceiling wooden floor apartment in a nice building. The apartment is made of a large living room and a large bedroom. The living room is equipped with a high quality convertible sofa bed for two people, a flat screen with more than 100 channels from all over the world, and super efficient wifi, a table and chairs. The bedroom has large cuboards and a one person bed. Toys are at disposal in the apartment if needed in case you have children. The kitchen has a view on a nice and quiet backyard and is fully equiped with a hoven, all the necessary accessories, induction hotplates and a medium fridge. The bathroom is featured with a small bath. Laundry is provided. A washing machine is also at disposal.	Comfortable high ceiling apartment close to the Champs Elysées/Ternes. Nice living room, large bedroom, fully equiped kitchen and bathroom in a lovely building. Wifi, flat screen . Nice, elegant, central and safe area, close to all amenities. Typical French high ceiling wooden floor apartment in a nice building. The apartment is made of a large living room and a large bedroom. The living room is equipped with a high quality convertible sofa bed for two people, a flat screen with more than 100 channels from all over the world, and super efficient wifi, a table and chairs. The bedroom has large cuboards and a one person bed. Toys are at disposal in the apartment if needed in case you have children. The kitchen has a view on a nice and quiet backyard and is fully equiped with a hoven, all the necessary accessories, induction hotplates and a medium fridge. The bathroom is featured with a small bath. Laundry is provided. A washing machine is also at disposal. The apartment is located right 
16913	Le logement est calme et très lumineux.	"Un appartement au calme, dans le plus beau quartier de Paris, près de l'avenue des Champs-Elysées, de l'arc de triomphe et de la concorde. Lumineux et chaleureux ou l'on se sent comme chez soi. Le logement est calme et très lumineux. Les voyageurs peuvent me joindre à tout moment. Ce quartier est le plus chic de Paris, appelé aussi aussi Le ""triangle d'or"". Il possède la plus belle et la plus grande avenue. Les boutiques y sont ouvertes le dimanche. Le logement est à proximité de 2 stations de métro et de nombreux arrets de bus."
16914	This charming little studio includes a sofa bed, a kitchen place with fridge, microwave and boiler, a nice bathroom, a dryer, Wi-fi connection. Bed sheets, covers and towels are provided.	Come and discover Paris settling down in this lovely studio, perfectly located, 50m away from Le Palais de l'Elysée, 8th district. 5mns walk to Les Champs Elysées (Grand Palais), 10mns to La Concorde, Madeleine, St Lazare, surrounded by 3 metro stations and 6 lines ! This charming little studio includes a sofa bed, a kitchen place with fridge, microwave and boiler, a nice bathroom, a dryer, Wi-fi connection. Bed sheets, covers and towels are provided. You will have the full use of the studio during your whole stay. Constant traveller my self, living in Paris for a long time, I'll be happy to help you make your stay as great as possible, and to recommend places to visit, restaurants and bars. Unfortunately, I may not be always in Paris to welcome you : in this case, I can drop the keys in the letter box for you, or ask a friend to come meet you. Very chic and central area, wether you're on touristic or professional trip, you'll enjoy the gorgeous architecture of the old buildings, walks
16915	WARNING : until Feb-28 2014, the building is being renovated : some scaffoldings degrade the stunning panoramic view. That's why the prices are lowered. Please have a look at the pictures - MONUMENTS FROM THE BALCONY ARE MUCH CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR -  ((march 2014) I have improved the decoration and the installation a lot but I had no time to take nice pictures, feel free to ask me !) Bonjour ! Here is a presentation of my cosy and elegant 40 sqm flat located in the hearth of Paris in one of the poshest building of Paris left bank, on Boulevard Saint-Germain.  If you have the chance to book it, you will be located at walking distance of : - les Champs-Elysées (5 mn) - le Musée d'Orsay (Degas, Monet, Manet, Picasso...) 3 mn - Saint Germain des Prés (Café de Flore/Odéon) 5 mn - Musée du Louvre (Mona Lisa !) 7 mn  - avenue Montaigne (Dior, YSL, Vuitton, Prada) 15 mn  In plus of the stunning and breathtaking view on Paris (Grand Palais, la Seine, Trocadero, Invalides, Montparnasse, Assemb	WARNING : until Feb-28 2014, the building is being renovated : some scaffoldings degrade the stunning panoramic view. That's why the prices are lowered. Please have a look at the pictures. Great location, breathtaking view, best client service ! WARNING : until Feb-28 2014, the building is being renovated : some scaffoldings degrade the stunning panoramic view. That's why the prices are lowered. Please have a look at the pictures - MONUMENTS FROM THE BALCONY ARE MUCH CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR -  ((march 2014) I have improved the decoration and the installation a lot but I had no time to take nice pictures, feel free to ask me !) Bonjour ! Here is a presentation of my cosy and elegant 40 sqm flat located in the hearth of Paris in one of the poshest building of Paris left bank, on Boulevard Saint-Germain.  If you have the chance to book it, you will be located at walking distance of : - les Champs-Elysées (5 mn) - le Musée d'Orsay (Degas, Monet, Manet, Picasso...) 3 mn - Saint Germain des 
16916	Marble bathroom, large dressing room, air conditioning TV satellite printer scanner, home cinema, great music set up and fully equipped kitchenette.70m2 exquisite en suite, suspended over the most exclusive Avenue in the world.	Presential suite on the Avenue Des Champs Elysees facing the Eiffel Tower Feel the Parisian atmosphere from the most beautiful balcony of the Avenue. Luxurious surroundings and decoration, stunning views and voluptuous comfort with all hotel faciliti Marble bathroom, large dressing room, air conditioning TV satellite printer scanner, home cinema, great music set up and fully equipped kitchenette.70m2 exquisite en suite, suspended over the most exclusive Avenue in the world.
16917	Very nice studio in the heart of Paris, under the roof with a lot of light. He has recently been renovated.  No lift (hard the first time but good training everyday ;-) )	Nice place to stay in the center of Paris. Next to the Champs Elysées. Living room with couch and TV.  Table for eating An enclosed bunk-bed area for two.  Complete Kitchen with washing machine Bathroom with towels and hairdryer Very nice studio in the heart of Paris, under the roof with a lot of light. He has recently been renovated.  No lift (hard the first time but good training everyday ;-) ) You will be very closed to the most famous place in Paris (Eiffel Tower, Grand Palais, Champs Elysées...)
16918	Es un piso en una zona muy céntrica, barrio seguro y cerca de todos los lugares de interés. No tendrás que coger el metro.	        Habitación para 2 personas. A 10 minutos de los Campos Eliseos y a 5 de la Ópera. Acceso a cocina y baño Room for two people. 10 minutes from Champs Élysées & 5 from Opéra. Access to kitchen and bathroom.       Es un piso en una zona muy céntrica, barrio seguro y cerca de todos los lugares de interés. No tendrás que coger el metro. Acceso al cuarto de baño del apartamento Acceso a la cocina. Wifi incluido Me encanta el 8ème arrondissement, está muy cerca de todo y es muy seguro. También hay actividad por las noches. La zona está muy bien comunicada, si te gusta caminar este piso es perfecto, pues el paseo a todos los lugares de interés es de lo más agradable. Si por el contrario eres de los que prefiere el metro tienes a dos minutos 3 estaciones: Miromesnil, Saint Lazare y Saint Augustin.
16919	Wooden floor, high ceilings, tall Windows typical of traditional Parisian architecture. Shower, washing machine, wi-fi	Ideally located near the very chic Av. Montaigne and the Champs Elysees this Parisian apartment is very quiet and compfortable. Tastefully furnished and decorated by an architect it offers 2 double beds and a single bed. Wooden floor, high ceilings, tall Windows typical of traditional Parisian architecture. Shower, washing machine, wi-fi Dining area Open kitchenette Bathroom with toilets Room with double bed Mezzanine with double bed No private parking I can easily be reached by phone or mail if needed. Perfectly located for business as well as for tourism. Walking distance to Champs Elysees and Tour Eiffel in the heart of golden triangle of Paris. Bus - Metro - Taxi Public transportation to all Airports of Paris. One of the beds is located in a mezzanine that you can access climbing a small ladder.  A extra single bed can be added uppon request in the dining area.
16920	"Very cozy and bright studio,with a beautiful view, in the 4th floor of a modern building with 2 lifts ! At the entrance on the right of a bathroom you can find the bathroom and toiletries. On the left a kitchen with cooker, oven, microwave and washing machine. Opposite the entrance is the living room with TV and WIFI. A studio in ""THE"" most famous area of Paris and close to everything! Do not hesitate to contact me for any questions!"	"Located just one block from the Champs Elysées Avenue. In a modern building with , you will enjoy the nice and modern furnitures. Perfect for 3 adults or a family with 2 children ( one bedroom with a real bed and one sofa bed in the living room ) Very cozy and bright studio,with a beautiful view, in the 4th floor of a modern building with 2 lifts ! At the entrance on the right of a bathroom you can find the bathroom and toiletries. On the left a kitchen with cooker, oven, microwave and washing machine. Opposite the entrance is the living room with TV and WIFI. A studio in ""THE"" most famous area of Paris and close to everything! Do not hesitate to contact me for any questions! The studio is yours but when if you need some information, please contact me via Airbnb because i rent the apartment when i'm travelling abroad The apartment is located in the Champs Elysees area, perfect for outings and shopping! Many cafes and restaurants nearby, shops, cinemas etc. I told you... the best place "
16921	• Completely Renovated in Style Offering a high standard of conveniences in a XIXth century cut stone building, this three bedroom duplex apartment is perfect to experience a unique and unforgettable stay in the City of Lights. The apartment was recently entirely renovated. It is located on the fifth floor of a beautiful traditional building equipped with an elevator/lift. The bedrooms are large and all very quiet. From one of the bedrooms, you can enjoy this fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower. The three bedrooms are furnished with brand new and high quality King size beds. Two of these bedrooms have an ensuite bathroom each, the third one has a separated bathroom that could be shared with extra guests using the office comfortable and large sofa Queen size bed. The living room is furnished with two comfortable sofas, an armchair and a coffee table. The dining room is furnished with a beautiful and large dining table and 8 chairs (extra folding chairs will also be available). The large 	This wonderful newly renovated three bedroom apartment (170 square meters -17830 square feet) has been decorated with great care and is located in one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Paris, between the Palais de l’Elysée and the Madeleine. • Completely Renovated in Style Offering a high standard of conveniences in a XIXth century cut stone building, this three bedroom duplex apartment is perfect to experience a unique and unforgettable stay in the City of Lights. The apartment was recently entirely renovated. It is located on the fifth floor of a beautiful traditional building equipped with an elevator/lift. The bedrooms are large and all very quiet. From one of the bedrooms, you can enjoy this fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower. The three bedrooms are furnished with brand new and high quality King size beds. Two of these bedrooms have an ensuite bathroom each, the third one has a separated bathroom that could be shared with extra guests using the office comfortable and large sofa Qu
16922	Exceptional situation 	Exceptional cosy and charming flat in famous champs élysées for 4 peoples  1 cosy room  1 big sofa bed  1 Italian bathroom  
16923	I usually live in this apartment, so it's a very personal decoration, which is a bit childish but in my view very cute. It's like a cocoon. Moreover, the room is very bright!	"This one room studio apartment (15m2 = 162ft2) is located I usually live in this apartment, so it's a very personal decoration, which is a bit childish but in my view very cute. It's like a cocoon. Moreover, the room is very bright! If you have any questions don't hesitate, ask me anything! I can give you advices about the city, museums, and the places to visit in general. I might not be in Paris during your trip, but anyway, I could stay in contact with you by phone or email. It's an animated area, and you can visit a lot of places by walk! The apartment is located just near by le Grand Palais and le Petit Palais, not far from les Invalides, and near by l'Arc de Triomphe. If you walk 20-30min, you can arrive to the Louvre (and pass by le jardin des Tuileries, which is very nice!) - From CDG airport: Take the train RER B and stop at Châtelet Les Halles (about 20min). There, you can take line 1 direction La Défense and stop at Franklin D. Roosevelt (about 10min). The stop ""Franklin D. R"
16924	Welcome in the very heart of Paris, This beautiful apartment in the middle of Paris is losated rue Tronchet on the Place de la Madeleine. Not for from the Grands Magasins, the Champs Elysées, the Louvre Museum and the Tuilerie Garden.  The Place de la Madeleine became an emblematic place of the French gastronomy with numerous institutions like La Durée, Fauchon, Caviar Kaspia.  But also well known for its luxury shops and the avenue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. Perfect a alliance between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and comfort of an apartment, this flat is in the heart of a trendy district of la Madeleine in the 8th district of Paris. Beautiful building made of dressed stones.  It has 4 big rooms and total surface of 110m2. You will feel like being in your own place in this Parisian accommodation really clean and well decorated. When you come inside this apartment you will enter the living room which is a big reception room , with a tv corner, a dining room corner and a desk. Yo	Flat perfectly equipped. Place de la Madeleine, near the Champs Elysée, and not far from the Concorde Square and the Grands Magasins.  Beautiful apartment of 120m2 with 3 bedrooms which can welcome 6 persons. Welcome in the very heart of Paris, This beautiful apartment in the middle of Paris is losated rue Tronchet on the Place de la Madeleine. Not for from the Grands Magasins, the Champs Elysées, the Louvre Museum and the Tuilerie Garden.  The Place de la Madeleine became an emblematic place of the French gastronomy with numerous institutions like La Durée, Fauchon, Caviar Kaspia.  But also well known for its luxury shops and the avenue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. Perfect a alliance between the luxury of a hotel and the surface and comfort of an apartment, this flat is in the heart of a trendy district of la Madeleine in the 8th district of Paris. Beautiful building made of dressed stones.  It has 4 big rooms and total surface of 110m2. You will feel like being in your own place in this
16925	Cet appartement bien que situé dans un quartier animé est tres calme car il donne sur une petite rue perpendiculaire  à l'avenue de WAGRAM	Au coeur de Paris dans immeuble Haussmanien grand standing 2 pièces plein sud, clair et lumineux, etage élevé, petits balcons, cuisine indépendante équipéé, chambre lit 140, salle de bains séjour avec canapé lit 2 personnes.METRO RER  2mn a pieds Cet appartement bien que situé dans un quartier animé est tres calme car il donne sur une petite rue perpendiculaire  à l'avenue de WAGRAM vous aurez bien évidemment l'entière jouissance de l'appartement Nous ne sommes pas sur Paris tous les transports publics sont au pied de l'immeuble, taxis et un grand parking juste en face pratique des prix à la semaine ou au mois
16926	It is a light apartment	This great place is for rent for 4 weeks.  The 51m2 apartment is 15 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe, 2 minutes walk from Supermarket and 1 minute walk from Parc Monceau. The apartment is on the 4th Floor (incl elevator) and includes an dishwasher. It is a light apartment You will have access to the full apartment There are no other guests This area has lots of ambassies and is therefor quiet and safe, but also in the centre of Paris. The Metro from Parc Monceau is a 4 minute walk We will be on holiday from 1 till 29th of August. You will be here by yourself.
16927	Paris Très bel appartement 64 m2, 2 chambres, situé à proximité des Champs Elysées . Appartement au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. Parquets, moulures et hauts plafonds (2,80 m). L'appartement se compose de:- Entrée- Une cuisine- Un grand salon avec un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes à l'aise- Une chambre avec un lit double, armoire- Une salle de bain avec douche et WC. L'appartement est idéalement situé à Paris, à proximité de métro Franklin Roosevelt (ligne 1, ligne 9 et RER A) et Saint-Philippe du Roule pres du Grand Palais.   2 stations Vélib à proximité.Magasins et supermarchés au bas de l'immeuble.L'appartement est situé dans un bel immeuble 1900, sécurisée par digicode et interphone.L'appartement est loué meublé, entièrement équipé (draps, serviettes, vaisselle, etc ..)TV et wifi connexion internet disponible.Vous serez idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris!	Paris 8th. Very nice apartment 64 m2, 2 bedrooms, located near the Champs Elysées (rue Paul Baudry). 2nd floor apartment with lift. Hardwood floors, moldings and high ceilings. Charming apartment 50m from the Champs Elysées.
16928	63 m2, very nice looking flat. Appartment is in a private street, at 20 meters from the place of ternes,  50 meters from Arc de Triomphe, and champs Elysées. 1 bedroom with a bed from 140 X 200 cm In the living room, a convertible sofa, of 140 X 190 cm Private bathroom. Independant restrooms Kitchen with full equipment There is no noise, as it's a private street, there are very few cars which can get in,  so you are not disturbing when you are sleeping!  Which is a very good point for an appartement in the center of Paris! Furthermore, nobody is living in the building in front of the appartement,  A neighbor from my building is owning the place, and he doesn't want to rent it,  so as well, for Paris, let the curtains opened it's a real pleasure! The neighborhood is very central for Paris, and very interesting, good restaurants (Del Papa) in the street;  very interesting french market, which is rue Poncelet...5 minutes walking on the avenue des ternes. From the both Airport Roissy Charl	63 m2, very nice looking flat. Appartment is in a private street, at 20 meters from the place of ternes,  50 meters from Arc de Triomphe, and champs Elysées. 1 bedroom with a bed from 140 X 200 cm In the living room, a convertible sofa, of 140 X 190 cm Private bathroom. Independant restrooms Kitchen with full equipment There is no noise, as it's a private street, there are very few cars which can get in,  so you are not disturbing when you are sleeping!  Which is a very good point for an appartement in the center of Paris! Furthermore, nobody is living in the building in front of the appartement,  A neighbor from my building is owning the place, and he doesn't want to rent it,  so as well, for Paris, let the curtains opened it's a real pleasure! The neighborhood is very central for Paris, and very interesting, good restaurants (Del Papa) in the street;  very interesting french market, which is rue Poncelet...5 minutes walking on the avenue des ternes. From the both Airport Roissy Charl
16929	Logement au 5eme étage sous pente Canapé convertible dans le salon Pas internet	27m2 proche Gare St Lazare, Métros Trinité d'Estienne d'Orve et liège. Le logement comprend une grande chambre avec un lit double, un salon/cuisine. Ce dernier se situe au 5eme étage (sans ascenseur) dans un immeuble paisible. Logement au 5eme étage sous pente Canapé convertible dans le salon Pas internet Proximité ligne 13 Métro Liège, ligne 2 Métro Place de Clichy, ligne 12 Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves, Gare St Lazare
16930		Spacious 34 sqm comfortable and fully-equipped studio in a beautiful building in Paris. Five-minute walk to the subway Charles de Gaulle Etoile (1 - 2 - 6) and the RER A/B. Walking distance to landmark attractions: Champs- Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau
16931	Very comfortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Champs-Elysees, Opera, Louvre, Parc Monceau, Gallery la Fayette. Apartment in a nice building with video surveillance and concierge. The apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all equipment. Is on the 4th floor with elevator. There is 1 comfortable bed for 2 persons, and 1  extra bed for 1 person. The guests will have access to the whole appartment. Will have access to free internet, but will be using their computer. Neighborhood is very frendly with a lot of calm restaurants and bars. also right next to apartment is supermarket and a couple of excellent bakeries and pastry shops. There is metro Villier near the building, but you can go everywere by walk also. Champ Elysees is very near.	Beautiful bright apartment in a nice part of Paris. Near Opera and Champ Elises. The apartment is located on the 4th floor. Elevator. It consists of a large living room, bedroom, bathroom, toilet, kitchen, hallway. The building is under video surve Very comfortable apartment in a nice part of Paris. You can go on foot everywhere Champs-Elysees, Opera, Louvre, Parc Monceau, Gallery la Fayette. Apartment in a nice building with video surveillance and concierge. The apartment is bright, clean and very friendly with all equipment. Is on the 4th floor with elevator. There is 1 comfortable bed for 2 persons, and 1  extra bed for 1 person. The guests will have access to the whole appartment. Will have access to free internet, but will be using their computer. Neighborhood is very frendly with a lot of calm restaurants and bars. also right next to apartment is supermarket and a couple of excellent bakeries and pastry shops. There is metro Villier near the building, but you can go everywere by 
16932		Hi,  If you would like to experience Paris as a Parisian, you will love your stay here!  Located in a posh and very central area in Paris, the flat is in a nice typical Haussmann building in a quiet street and contains all needed amenities. Cheers
16933	dear travelers! Set in a beautiful Haussmannian building, ideally located in the heart of the 8th district. This superb bourgeois apartment fully renovated in a mixed style between contemporary design and artwork perfectly match your needs and requirements as part of your stay in Paris.  A few steps from the famous avenue des champs Elysée, or the prestigious rue du Faubourg Saint honoré. The apartment has very nice volumes 160 m2 (ceiling height of 5 meters) consists of 2 double bedrooms with the possibility of having a third according to your needs,  2 living rooms, the apartment also has 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets, we can also make available a parking space. it also has a washing machine and a tumble dryer.  A wine selection will be proposed coming directly from the producers so you can be in total immersion with the French wine culture The area is also very well served by bus and subway (miromesnil station) many restaurants and shops that also nearby. for companies it is also possib	Ideally located in the prestigious neighborhood of paris this apartment will seduce you with these amazing volumes and its exclusive character, close to all touristic interests and shopping streets. Idéalement situé dans le plus prestigieux quartier de paris cette appartement vous séduira par ces volumes étonnants et son caractère exclusif, à proximité de toutes les intéréts touristiques et de shopping. dear travelers! Set in a beautiful Haussmannian building, ideally located in the heart of the 8th district. This superb bourgeois apartment fully renovated in a mixed style between contemporary design and artwork perfectly match your needs and requirements as part of your stay in Paris.  A few steps from the famous avenue des champs Elysée, or the prestigious rue du Faubourg Saint honoré. The apartment has very nice volumes 160 m2 (ceiling height of 5 meters) consists of 2 double bedrooms with the possibility of having a third according to your needs,  2 living rooms, the apartment also
16934	This spacious -70m²/753sqm - modern and charming apartment is the perfect choice for a couple who want both, to be in the heart of the city and at the same time have privacy. Between the Prestigious Plaza Athénée and Luxurious Hotel Trémoille its charming pied-a-terre will surprise you with its calm. The apartment is Located in the centre of Paris, in the 8th district, just a few steps from Avenue Montaigne, Champ Elysées and Eiffel Tower. Perfect home base to explore Paris. It is central but quiet. Situated on the ground floor of a classic Haussmann Building, the apartment offers a direct access to a paved and tree filled courtyard.  In this apartment, priority has been given to high standard of comfort. Τhe spacious living room area includes an open plan and fully equipped modern kitchen, a comfortable lounge area, a modern sofa corner, and a large TV. There is a dining table can seat up to four persons. The Bedroom is equipped with a king size double bed. The bathroom has a bath and	Perfect location between the fancy Avenue Montaigne and the magical Eiffel Tower. Our apartment is charming, spacious and really comfortable. 1 bedroom apartment with a  fully equipped kitchen. The bathroom will offer you a bath and a large shower.  This spacious -70m²/753sqm - modern and charming apartment is the perfect choice for a couple who want both, to be in the heart of the city and at the same time have privacy. Between the Prestigious Plaza Athénée and Luxurious Hotel Trémoille its charming pied-a-terre will surprise you with its calm. The apartment is Located in the centre of Paris, in the 8th district, just a few steps from Avenue Montaigne, Champ Elysées and Eiffel Tower. Perfect home base to explore Paris. It is central but quiet. Situated on the ground floor of a classic Haussmann Building, the apartment offers a direct access to a paved and tree filled courtyard.  In this apartment, priority has been given to high standard of comfort. Τhe spacious living room area inclu
16935	situation dans le triangle d or de Paris a 100 metres de l avenue des champs élyséés	studio tout équipé de 17 m2  sur les champs Élysées cuisine  équipé, salle de bain équipé, internet; écran plat, draps et linge de toilette fournis.toilettes sur le palier.gardienne 5 étage avec ascenseur. immeuble securisé avec digicode  situation dans le triangle d or de Paris a 100 metres de l avenue des champs élyséés acces wifi illimité l appartement est situe dans le triangle d or de paris a tout juste 100 metre de l  avenue des champs élysées amétro station  Franklin Roosevelt  métro saint Philippe du roule RER champs Élysées clemenceau une g
16936		Appartement Haussmanien 3 pièces (2 chambres + Saloon) situé à 2 pas du parc Monceau. Bien équipé et plein de charme, c'est le point de départ idéal pour un séjour réussi à Paris!
16937	The apartment is completely renovated since June 2013 it is the first floor of a Haussmann building in 1900 and is conveniently located 50 meters from the Champs-Elysées at the foot of the most beautiful avenue in the world (rue Chateaubriand) metro George V, Arc de Triomf, the Lido and the luxury shops are 200 meters from the apartment You can for as many or more families to rent the top floor (2nd) another almost identical apartment and you will spend your holidays together while keeping your privacy Obviously the apartment is equipped with everything necessary so that you can enjoy your stay in the best conditions when the trouble to clutter your bags with linens, towels for your family or other hair dryer, everything is available and your beds ready for your arrival, although the electro formed also is new, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, flat screen LED TV, WIFI internet, etc.. ... Easy access to the George V Metro Station is 200 meters away and the official Air France shuttle	The apartment is completely renovated since June 2013 it is the first floor of a Haussmann building in 1900 and is conveniently located 50 meters from the Champs-Elysées at the foot of the most beautiful avenue in the world (rue Chateaubriand) metro George V, Arc de Triomf, the Lido and the luxury shops are 200 meters from the apartment You can for as many or more families to rent the top floor (2nd) another almost identical apartment and you will spend your holidays together while keeping your privacy Obviously the apartment is equipped with everything necessary so that you can enjoy your stay in the best conditions when the trouble to clutter your bags with linens, towels for your family or other hair dryer, everything is available and your beds ready for your arrival, although the electro formed also is new, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, flat screen LED TV, WIFI internet, etc.. ... Easy access to the George V Metro Station is 200 meters away and the official Air France shuttle
16938	Décoration ancienne très typique parisien	Beau 2 pièces Appartement Haussmannien de 45m² , 3.80m sous plafond, parquet, moulure, non fumeur. 5min à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysée parfait pour séjour parisien. Meublé sobrement et avec goût qui conviendra à tout occupant. 
16939	Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: George V (Line 1) and Saint Phillipe du Roule (Line 9) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a Queen size bed and a wardrobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing board - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine and dryer - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services An elegant apartment located in the heart of a prestigious parisian neighbourhood, Champs Elysées in the 8th arrondissement. The area boasts the most luxurious boutiques in Paris (Chanel, LV), as well as many famous restaurants (l’Atelier de Joel Robuchon), cafés and bars. Being in the one of the most sought after neighbourhood has its perks. Many of the prominent attractions are just within minutes on foot:  5 min to the Arc de Triomphe, 20 min walk to Trocadéro to see the Eif	An elegant apartment located in the heart of a prestigious parisian neighbourhood, Champs Elysées in the 8th arrondissement. Highlights: - Two metro stations nearby: George V (Line 1) and Saint Phillipe du Roule (Line 9) - Elevator - Flatscreen TV with International TV channels - Internet WIFI Access - Master bedroom with a Queen size bed and a wardrobe - Kitchen Equipments: Microwave, fridge, plates, glasses, cutlery, cleaning products, coffee machine... - Iron and ironing board - Hairdryer provided - Washing machine and dryer - Individual heating system  - Guaranteed clean and fresh linens  - Guaranteed hotel grade cleaning services An elegant apartment located in the heart of a prestigious parisian neighbourhood, Champs Elysées in the 8th arrondissement. The area boasts the most luxurious boutiques in Paris (Chanel, LV), as well as many famous restaurants (l’Atelier de Joel Robuchon), cafés and bars. Being in the one of the most sought after neighbourhood has its perks. Many of the 
16940	This 80 sqm luxury apartment is located within 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees !  This district is very chic, high fashioned, elegant, higly secured and surrounded by nice restaurants, coffees, prestigious bars and clubs.  The apartment is located on the 6th (french)  and last floor of an elegant Haussmanian building with an elevator. The apartment is absolutely gorgeous. Tastefully decorated, it has just been renovated and look more astounding than ever ! The apartment comfortably welcome 4 people. It has a very confortable and relaxing living room with a sofa, a dinner table, a coffee table. High Speed Internet, Wifi and cable TV are also available.   The separate bedroom has a double bed and the pull out sofa is very confortable as well (160x190)   There is a hot tub in the bathroom and the toilets are separate.   The kitchen is fully equiped and there is plenty of cooking hardware, feel free to use anything you need. I will provide fresh bed linen and towels. If you have any	This 80 sqm luxury apartment is located within 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees !  This district is very chic, high fashioned, elegant, higly secured and surrounded by nice restaurants, coffees, prestigious bars and clubs.  The apartment is located on the 6th (french)  and last floor of an elegant Haussmanian building with an elevator. The apartment is absolutely gorgeous. Tastefully decorated, it has just been renovated and look more astounding than ever ! The apartment comfortably welcome 4 people. It has a very confortable and relaxing living room with a sofa, a dinner table, a coffee table. High Speed Internet, Wifi and cable TV are also available.   The separate bedroom has a double bed and the pull out sofa is very confortable as well (160x190)   There is a hot tub in the bathroom and the toilets are separate.   The kitchen is fully equiped and there is plenty of cooking hardware, feel free to use anything you need. I will provide fresh bed linen and towels. If you have any
16941		A nice and charming apartment located only 150 meters far from the Champs Elysées ! Fully furnished with a bed for 2 persons, kitchen, microwave, shower, wc, washing-machine... Cosy and quiet flat on the last floor. The apartment is very bright and you enjoy a nice view. A great localization in the heart of Paris, very close to the Arc de Triomphe, Place de la Concorde, the Seine...! Very practical for tourists to enjoy and visit Paris by foot
16942	Former maid's room under the roofs of Paris, little window and well of light make of this studio of 14 m2 a space very bright and pleasant to live. I shall indulge to welcome you and to answer all your questions upon your arrival.	Studio does up like new in the 8th district of Paris, in 5 minutes of the station Saint Lazare. Near lines (phone number hidden). New, clean toilets on the landing. In a beautiful hausmannien building, in the 6th and last floor whitout elevator. Very bright. Former maid's room under the roofs of Paris, little window and well of light make of this studio of 14 m2 a space very bright and pleasant to live. I shall indulge to welcome you and to answer all your questions upon your arrival. Refrigerator, fully-equipped kitchen, (microwave oven, dishes, kettle, cooktops), comfortable bed,  shower, internet and tv. Toilets is new and clean, they are as for them on the landing. I shall be available via the airbnb messaging, (and by telephone if urgency) to answer any question during your stay. The studio is in a quiet street, with beautiful Haussmann buildings, just a step from the place Clichy, near saint Lazare and his department stores, not far from Montmartre either, Batignolles area, and a
16943		Trés joli studio à 300m des Champs Elysées,trés bien agencé,avec machine à laver et secher le linge,lave vaisselle,micro onde plaques électriques,machine à café. Situé au 1er étage sur cour. Calme.
16944	"Between Champs-Elysées, Montaigne and George V, the true Golden Triangle, in a Haussmann building, this apartment is with balconies and flowers very quiet on the 5th floor. One apartment on each floor, wide and long gallery entrance, Double living room with windows on street balcony, new kitchen with dining courtyard balcony, bedroom with double bed and large closet 160x200 courtyard balcony, bathroom with double sinks courtyard balcony, separate toilet with sink, air conditioning, gas heating. Parquet point hungary, moldings, If the street is quiet, there is everything you need for the area. Fantastic restaurants, Monoprix, Carrefour Market and Food Vignon, Avenue Montaigne and Avenue George V, which are full of luxury shops more ""casual"" on the Champs Elysees and all adjacent streets. 3 metros serve this fabulous neighborhood (George V, Franklin- Roosevelt, Alma-Marceau), many taxi ranks and bus: all the information gathered in a brochure at the apartment. An apartment with style in "	"Between Champs-Elysées, Montaigne and George V, the true Golden Triangle, in a Haussmann building, this apartment is with balconies and flowers very quiet on the 5th floor. One apartment on each floor, wide and long gallery entrance, Double living room with windows on street balcony, new kitchen with dining courtyard balcony, bedroom with double bed and large closet 160x200 courtyard balcony, bathroom with double sinks courtyard balcony, separate toilet with sink, air conditioning, gas heating. Parquet point hungary, moldings, If the street is quiet, there is everything you need for the area. Fantastic restaurants, Monoprix, Carrefour Market and Food Vignon, Avenue Montaigne and Avenue George V, which are full of luxury shops more ""casual"" on the Champs Elysees and all adjacent streets. 3 metros serve this fabulous neighborhood (George V, Franklin- Roosevelt, Alma-Marceau), many taxi ranks and bus: all the information gathered in a brochure at the apartment. An apartment with style in "
16945	A complete and lovely studio in the most elegant district of Paris. Very quiet and new. I bring special attention on cleaning: complete cleaning before your arrival, new sheets and bathroom stuff. Kithchen is very fitted with a fridge, hobs, oven, sink and dishwasher ( detergents included ) Bathroom is complete of Toilet, washbasin, bidet and shower; it's part of the apartment. Free Wi-Fi and Television.	In the heart of Paris, in rue Colisee, the road that connects the Champs Elysee and Faubourg St-Honoré, near the Elysee. The studio is in a calm Completely renovated in 2007 is a studio with 4 beds, air-conditioned, well-furnished with kitchen, Arc-line, TV, wi-fi You stay close to Holland Reservation minimum 3 nights
16946	"This appartment is located on the 3rd floor (without elevator) of a typical Parisian building in the 8th district (arrondissement) of Paris, in a neighborhood named ""Europe"".   The ultra-high ceilings and large windows provide comfortable spaces and abundant light. The appartment offers 4 sleeps :  - 1 double bed queen size (160cm x 200cm) ;  - 1 double bed (140cm x190cm) on a mezzanine accessed by stairs. This may not be suitable for children under 4 years of age, or persons with reduced mobility. The kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, microwave, dish washer and cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, water cooker, toaster, washing machine. The are two bathrooms, each with a shower. There is one toilet, which is separate."	"Styleful, typically Parisian appartment located (84 m) in the heart of Paris (8th arrondissement), at walking distance of Opéra, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre. 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms; ideal for two couples or a family. This appartment is located on the 3rd floor (without elevator) of a typical Parisian building in the 8th district (arrondissement) of Paris, in a neighborhood named ""Europe"".   The ultra-high ceilings and large windows provide comfortable spaces and abundant light. The appartment offers 4 sleeps :  - 1 double bed queen size (160cm x 200cm) ;  - 1 double bed (140cm x190cm) on a mezzanine accessed by stairs. This may not be suitable for children under 4 years of age, or persons with reduced mobility. The kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, microwave, dish washer and cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, water cooker, toaster, washing machine. The are two bathrooms, each with a shower. There is one toilet, which is separate. Guest will have access to all r"
16947	Groudfloor, easy access, open on an indoor court. Very quiet	Splendid apartment close to Opera, Madeleine, Grands Magasins, Montmartre, Pigalle. 4 beds in 46 square meters. Groudfloor, easy access, open on an indoor court. Very quiet Grands magasins, Opera, Madeleine, Pigalle and Montmartre. Interaction on request. Not present  Metro, bus, train
16948	This building is 150 years old. The apartment is located at the 4th floor. The rooms are quite spacious, quiet, with sunlight. They are clean and very simply decorated.	This building is 150 years old. The apartment is located at the 4th floor. The rooms are quite spacious, quiet, with sunlight. They are clean and very simply decorated. Classy district, next to the Champs Elysées. Center of the 8th district. Close to Miromesnil and St Philippe du Roule subway stations.
16949		This modern and splendid 2 Bedroom, apartment is located two minutes walk from the prestigious Champs-Elysées Avenue. 
16950	We tried to decorate the apartment in a fashion way as Avenue Montaigne is THE luxury fashion street of Paris. It is composed of a big room with the bed, a couch, and the T.V. The bed is great! It's a real King Size and it can compete with the best luxury hotels. The kitchen is fully equipped, and there is a washing machine as well.  The sunlight goes right through the window and makes the loft very bright. The building is very nice and has an elevator, we are at the 4th floor. We are located at the end of the yard, in the most quiet area. It has recently been entirely renovated and is in a perfect shape. If there is anything else you would like to know, please feel free to contact me!	Our apartment is located on the best spot : Avenue Montaigne, right next to the Champs-Elysées and a few steps away from the Eiffel tower. This is a bright fully equipped loft with a king size bed at the 4th floor of a nice building with elevator.  We tried to decorate the apartment in a fashion way as Avenue Montaigne is THE luxury fashion street of Paris. It is composed of a big room with the bed, a couch, and the T.V. The bed is great! It's a real King Size and it can compete with the best luxury hotels. The kitchen is fully equipped, and there is a washing machine as well.  The sunlight goes right through the window and makes the loft very bright. The building is very nice and has an elevator, we are at the 4th floor. We are located at the end of the yard, in the most quiet area. It has recently been entirely renovated and is in a perfect shape. If there is anything else you would like to know, please feel free to contact me! The apartment is entirely yours, make yourself like home
16951	Two cozy rooms in the Batignolles district.  25m2 with a large kitchen and a cozy lounge.  Studio de 2 pièces accueillant et chaleureux au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Le quartier est vivant, avec des rues commerçantes et un marché permanent.  Calme et lumineux, ce studio est chaleureux et se situe en plein cœur du quartier vivant des Batignolles. Il se trouve à côté du square des Batignolles et du parc Martin Luther King, bel espace vert pour se promener ou faire du sport.  Le quartier est vivant et dispose de nombreuses rue commerçantes avec beaucoup de restaurants. La rue de Levis, à quelques mètres de l'appartement, est la seule rue qui accueille un marché 7 jours sur 7.  Localisation idéale a 10 minutes de Montmartre (direct en metro) et 15 minutes des Champs Elysées (direct en metro).  Vous aurez accès dans l'appartement à  - une cuisine équipée et un coin salle à manger, - une salle de bain  - une petite entrée  - un salon disposant d'un canapé lit. Je suis disponible à tou	Two cozy rooms in the Batignolles district.  25m2 with a large kitchen and a cozy lounge.  Studio de 2 pièces accueillant et chaleureux au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Le quartier est vivant, avec des rues commerçantes et un marché permanent. Two cozy rooms in the Batignolles district.  25m2 with a large kitchen and a cozy lounge.  Studio de 2 pièces accueillant et chaleureux au cœur du quartier des Batignolles. Le quartier est vivant, avec des rues commerçantes et un marché permanent.  Calme et lumineux, ce studio est chaleureux et se situe en plein cœur du quartier vivant des Batignolles. Il se trouve à côté du square des Batignolles et du parc Martin Luther King, bel espace vert pour se promener ou faire du sport.  Le quartier est vivant et dispose de nombreuses rue commerçantes avec beaucoup de restaurants. La rue de Levis, à quelques mètres de l'appartement, est la seule rue qui accueille un marché 7 jours sur 7.  Localisation idéale a 10 minutes de Montmartre (direct en metr
16952		If you are looking for a beautiful Haussmann apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris literally a block from the the Monceau Park, spacious (60 square meters), newly renovated and well decorated : you've found the perfect place for your stay! Close to Madeleine, Haussmann, Opéra, Malesherbes, Galerie Lafayette, Printemps... next to Gare Saint Lazare (RER, (phone number hidden)). Auber
16953	Large 45m2 studio flat located very close to the Bristol hotel (one of the 5 palaces in Paris) and close to the Franklin Roosevelt metro station on Champs Elysees so it is perfectly located between rue du Faubourg St Honore and Champs Elysees. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a luxury way and comes fully equipped: a/c, kitchen with dishwasher, nespresso coffee machine, washing machine with dryer, 3D flat screen, ipod dock, cable TV with English channels, wifi internet etc. The flat is located on the 2nd floor of a stone building with lift and a full time doorman.  Because the ceiling is very high there is a mezzanine with a double bed so it can accommodate 4 people. 	Large 45m2 studio flat located very close to the Bristol hotel (one of the 5 palaces in Paris) and close to the Franklin Roosevelt metro station on Champs Elysees so it is perfectly located between rue du Faubourg St Honore and Champs Elysees. The flat has been entirely refurbished in a luxury way and comes fully equipped: a/c, kitchen with dishwasher, nespresso coffee machine, washing machine with dryer, 3D flat screen, ipod dock, cable TV with English channels, wifi internet etc. The flat is located on the 2nd floor of a stone building with lift and a full time doorman.  Because the ceiling is very high there is a mezzanine with a double bed so it can accommodate 4 people. 
16954		Un studio de 25m2 aux Champs-Élysées! Ligne de Métro 1 (George V) + borne de Velib. Très lumineux et très calme, au pied des plus grandes marques du monde! Ce studio est idéal pour venir découvrir la ville de Paris. (5e étage sans ascenseur)
16955	You'll be renting the entire studio of 25 m² composed of a main room with a comfortable double bed, a sofa bed, a small kitchen open on the living room and a bathroom.  Two large windows makes this flat very bright and nice to live in.  It has been entirely renovated this year. Everything is new!  A hostess will give you the keys in case I'm not in town. And once the reservation is confirmed, I will send you an email with all my personal advices to enjoy the best restaurants and bars in the neighborhood..tested & approved!the informations needed for a perfect journey. 	Cosy studio with everything needed for a perfect stay.  Ideal for a couple. Fits also 3 adults or 2 adults with 2 children. Excellent spot to discover Paris and experience the real Parisian life. Close to metro. Looking forward to host you in this wonderful city You'll be renting the entire studio of 25 m² composed of a main room with a comfortable double bed, a sofa bed, a small kitchen open on the living room and a bathroom.  Two large windows makes this flat very bright and nice to live in.  It has been entirely renovated this year. Everything is new!  A hostess will give you the keys in case I'm not in town. And once the reservation is confirmed, I will send you an email with all my personal advices to enjoy the best restaurants and bars in the neighborhood..tested & approved!the informations needed for a perfect journey. The apartment will be all yours during your stay. It comes with everything needed for a smooth journey: Wifi access Microwave LCD flatscreen Nespresso coffee mach
16956	Studio lumineux, refait à neuf,  tout équipé en rez-de-jardin. Cosy garden studio appartment in the heart of Batignolles village, near Grands Magasins, Printemps and Galeries Lafayette! Le studio fait 25m²; situé en rez de jardin. Il est très lumineux et donne accès à un jardin ! L'appartement est neuf. La kitchenette est entièrement équipée (frigo, micro-ondes, bouilloire et tous les ustensiles de base pour cuisiner sur le pouce). La pièce à vivre est équipée d'un canapé-lit avec un vrai matelas (140x190 cm), une table basse escamotable, un banc-coffre, une TV  et divers rangements. Les draps, linge de lit et serviettes sont fournis. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie pour les couples avec enfant en bas âge. Connexion internet par fibre optique avec Wi-fi . (La Box) Je serai ravie de vous aider lors de votre séjour et vous conseiller!  Au cœur du village des Batignolles dans le 17ème, quartier calme et charmant, typique parisien. - 15 minutes de marche de Montmartre, du Sacré Cœur	Studio lumineux, refait à neuf,  tout équipé en rez-de-jardin. Cosy garden studio appartment in the heart of Batignolles village, near Grands Magasins, Printemps and Galeries Lafayette! Studio lumineux, refait à neuf,  tout équipé en rez-de-jardin. Cosy garden studio appartment in the heart of Batignolles village, near Grands Magasins, Printemps and Galeries Lafayette! Le studio fait 25m²; situé en rez de jardin. Il est très lumineux et donne accès à un jardin ! L'appartement est neuf. La kitchenette est entièrement équipée (frigo, micro-ondes, bouilloire et tous les ustensiles de base pour cuisiner sur le pouce). La pièce à vivre est équipée d'un canapé-lit avec un vrai matelas (140x190 cm), une table basse escamotable, un banc-coffre, une TV  et divers rangements. Les draps, linge de lit et serviettes sont fournis. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie pour les couples avec enfant en bas âge. Connexion internet par fibre optique avec Wi-fi . (La Box) Je serai ravie de vous aider lor
16957	This apartment of 53 ㎡ is on the 4th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:1 double beds(140X190) and 1 double sofa bed(140X190).	1 Bedroom+1 Convertible bed, 1 bath, 1 WC, sleeps up to 4. Beautifully renovated and fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment of 53 m2 in 8th arrondissement, the apartment is located just steps from the famous street Avenue Montaigne and the Grand Palais. This apartment of 53 ㎡ is on the 4th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for family, couples, friends, and business trips. It can sleep 4 people comfortably with:1 double beds(140X190) and 1 double sofa bed(140X190). You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Bedroom : 1 double bed with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe. ・Living room : Double sofa bed, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(unlimited usage in france&some internati
16958	Lovely brand new small flat (19 sqmeter) 2 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées. Perfect and cost effective for two people, with a bedroom for two and a living room including a kitchen, a shower, WC and all equipment with oven, microwaves, cooker, washing machine, TV (160 channels) and Internet Wifi. 	Lovely brand new small flat (19 sqmeter) 2 minutes walk to Champs Elysées. Perfect and cost effective for two people, with a bedroom for two and a living room including a kitchen, a shower, WC and all Equipment (washing machine, TV, Internet, etc. Lovely brand new small flat (19 sqmeter) 2 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées. Perfect and cost effective for two people, with a bedroom for two and a living room including a kitchen, a shower, WC and all equipment with oven, microwaves, cooker, washing machine, TV (160 channels) and Internet Wifi. It is a full apartment, and you will be alone to enjoy it with nobody to share, so there are no constraints except smoking and bets which are not allowed. I will be present at your arrival to give you the key and all the useful information and I will come back to get the key back. You can contact me at any time if you need any help, otherwise you can enjoy the apartment alone without any disruption. The best in Paris with Champs Elysées as you get 
16959	Situé en fond de cour au RDC, Petit studio de 23m², comprenant: - une mezzanine (2 lits de 2 places),Télévision (avec WIFI), placard,  - kitchenette équipée ( micro-onde/ plaque électrique/ frigidaire/ cafetière / grille- pain/ ustensiles de cuisine) - Salle de douche ( douche + lavabo + w.c )	Studio situé en fond d'une cour au rez de chausée, *** Petit studio agréable, calme Comprenant une mezzanine (1 lit double en bas/1 lit double au dessus) un coin kitchenette/bar, une salle de douche (lavabo, douche, wc) Capacité: 4 personnes Max Situé en fond de cour au RDC, Petit studio de 23m², comprenant: - une mezzanine (2 lits de 2 places),Télévision (avec WIFI), placard,  - kitchenette équipée ( micro-onde/ plaque électrique/ frigidaire/ cafetière / grille- pain/ ustensiles de cuisine) - Salle de douche ( douche + lavabo + w.c ) Draps et serviettes fournies le jour de l'arrivée. Immeuble situé dans une rue commerçante, beaucoup de bons restaurant. Studio situé à côté de l'avenue des Champs Elysées. Métros proche de l'appartement: - Station FranklinD. Roosevelt ligne1 et 9                                                              - Station Saint Philippe du Roule ligne9
16960	31 avenue Montaigne At the heart of the Golden Triangle, on the most luxurious and fashionable avenue of Paris, 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees, 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, well served by public transports - Franklin Roosevelt station (line 1 and 9) or Alma-Marceau (line 9). Free and safe parking in the street. On the 2nd floor (with elevator) of an iconic and a very high standing building (secure building with 24 hour doorman, and security cameras throughout), a lovely 28 sqm studio, very luminous and overlooking a quiet garden. - Entrance - Living room with kitchenette - Bathroom / WC The entrance has a large closet. The living-room includes: 1 bed for 2 persons (sheets provided) 1 sofa 1 large desk 1 dining table 1 cable HD TV 1 home phone with free calls in France and to 100 countries around the world 1 Wi-Fi high speed Internet modem The kitchen area includes: 1 washing machine 1 sink 1 fridge 2 hob induction 1 extractor hood 1 microwave 1 cooking oven 1 coffee maker 	Located on Avenue Montaigne, at the heart of the Golden Triangle, on the most luxurious and fashionable avenue of Paris, 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees, 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, very well served by public transports. 31 avenue Montaigne At the heart of the Golden Triangle, on the most luxurious and fashionable avenue of Paris, 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Elysees, 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, well served by public transports - Franklin Roosevelt station (line 1 and 9) or Alma-Marceau (line 9). Free and safe parking in the street. On the 2nd floor (with elevator) of an iconic and a very high standing building (secure building with 24 hour doorman, and security cameras throughout), a lovely 28 sqm studio, very luminous and overlooking a quiet garden. - Entrance - Living room with kitchenette - Bathroom / WC The entrance has a large closet. The living-room includes: 1 bed for 2 persons (sheets provided) 1 sofa 1 large desk 1 dining table 1 cable HD TV 1 home phone 
16961	This modern and very sunny (website hidden) apartment welcomes its guests in a foyer which leads directly into the day area. To the left of this entrance is the first bathroom, conveniently located for all guests to use, and complete with washer-dryer, stall shower, wash basin, bidet and toilet. The day area has a modern style with bright red as its main hue, as seen in the strikingly modern kitchen where red lacquered built-in units occupy an entire wall, fully equipped with all modern amenities such as dishwasher and microwave oven, whilst its opposite wall flaunts a breakfast bar with three high stools, ideal for quick snacks or conversations with the cook! An opening from the kitchen leads into the living room, drenched in natural sunlight and furnished with a comfortable floral tapestry armchair, a double sofa bed (160cm wide), an extendable dining table, and a built in cupboard. This room could easily and comfortable be turned into a second bedroom for extra guests. to the other 	Charming, modern 1 bedroom apartment with 2 full bathrooms, renovated and refurbished in 2009, located on the 3rd floor of a building (no elevator) in the elegant 8th arrondissement, adjacent to the Champs Elysées. This modern and very sunny (website hidden) apartment welcomes its guests in a foyer which leads directly into the day area. To the left of this entrance is the first bathroom, conveniently located for all guests to use, and complete with washer-dryer, stall shower, wash basin, bidet and toilet. The day area has a modern style with bright red as its main hue, as seen in the strikingly modern kitchen where red lacquered built-in units occupy an entire wall, fully equipped with all modern amenities such as dishwasher and microwave oven, whilst its opposite wall flaunts a breakfast bar with three high stools, ideal for quick snacks or conversations with the cook! An opening from the kitchen leads into the living room, drenched in natural sunlight and furnished with a comfortabl
16962	Wonderful appartment 3 rooms 2 to 4 people : big Entrance, Kitchen well equipped (oven, microwave, boiler, washing machine), living room with tv international channels, telephone, coach with 2 places bed; bedroom with a 2 places bed, big wardrobe; bathroom with bathtub, toilet and washing machine, second smaller bathroom with toilet and sink only.  Very bright (6 windows).  Towels and Bedsheets are provided In the very centre of Paris, near the Presidential Palace, one of the safest places in Paris. Not far from Champs Elysées, Grand Palais, Madeleine, Louvre, etc. Near the Bristol hotel (where you can find taxys at any time of the day and night) and faubourg St. Honoré, the fashion street, one of the nicest shopping area. Metro stop : Champs Elysées-Clemenceau (Line 1) Miromesnil (Line 13 or line 9) Philippe du Roule (line 9) Very charming, clean.  WII fii	Wonderful appartment 3 rooms 2 to 4 people : big Entrance, Kitchen well equipped (oven, microwave, boiler, washing machine), living room with tv international channels, telephone, coach with 2 places bed; bedroom with a 2 places bed, big wardrobe; bathroom with bathtub, toilet and washing machine, second smaller bathroom with toilet and sink only.  Very bright (6 windows).  Towels and Bedsheets are provided In the very centre of Paris, near the Presidential Palace, one of the safest places in Paris. Not far from Champs Elysées, Grand Palais, Madeleine, Louvre, etc. Near the Bristol hotel (where you can find taxys at any time of the day and night) and faubourg St. Honoré, the fashion street, one of the nicest shopping area. Metro stop : Champs Elysées-Clemenceau (Line 1) Miromesnil (Line 13 or line 9) Philippe du Roule (line 9) Very charming, clean.  WII fii
16963		Grand studio lumineux, lit en mezzanine, 2 places avec une bonne hauteur de plafond. Grande Pièce accueillante donnant sur la rue du faubourg saint honoré à 2 pas du jardin des tuileries. De nombreuses lignes de métros à proximités: madeleine, concorde. Vous serez au cœur de Paris!!!
16964	Dans le 8ème arrondissement de Paris,calme,à 10mn à pied du parc Monceau,dans immeuble Haussmannien,chambre privée dans un charmant 3 pièces de 60 m2,au 5ème étage ,ascenseur, avec balcon: un lit en 160x200,salle de bain, wc séparé,petite cuisine,lave linge,TV, Dvd,musique,bouquins... connexion internet wifi.Très bien desservi par le métro Europe-Villiers- Rome(ligne 2-3)la gare St Lazare à 10 mn à pied.Magasins Galeries Lafayette-Printemps à 15 mn à pied.Les Champs Elysées,la Place de la Concorde, La Madeleine à 15mn à pied. Quartier très commerçant à proximité,(rue piétonne:rue Lévis) restaurants dans le quartier.Musées Jacquemard -André ,Arts asiatiques, Nissim de Camondo à deux pas.Théâtre Tristan Bernard ,Théâtre Hébertot à 500 m.Stations Velib et autolib dans la rue , l'occasion d'aller au Sacré Cœur, cheveux au vent, en 15 min !	Dans le 8ème arrondissement de Paris,calme,à 10mn à pied du parc Monceau,dans immeuble Haussmannien,chambre privée dans un charmant 3 pièces de 60 m2,au 5ème étage ,ascenseur, avec balcon: un lit en 160x200,salle de bain, wc séparé,petite cuisine,lave linge,TV, Dvd,musique,bouquins... connexion internet wifi.Très bien desservi par le métro Europe-Villiers- Rome(ligne 2-3)la gare St Lazare à 10 mn à pied.Magasins Galeries Lafayette-Printemps à 15 mn à pied.Les Champs Elysées,la Place de la Concorde, La Madeleine à 15mn à pied. Quartier très commerçant à proximité,(rue piétonne:rue Lévis) restaurants dans le quartier.Musées Jacquemard -André ,Arts asiatiques, Nissim de Camondo à deux pas.Théâtre Tristan Bernard ,Théâtre Hébertot à 500 m.Stations Velib et autolib dans la rue , l'occasion d'aller au Sacré Cœur, cheveux au vent, en 15 min !
16965	WIFI Lave Vaisselle  Lave Linge  3 lignes de métros à proximité  Plusieurs lignes de bus et de noctilien	Appartement spacieux et lumineux situé entre Saint Lazare et Place de Clichy. Avec : Cuisine américaine, Salle à manger/salon avec canapé lit, Chambre avec lit double et salle de bain/toilettes. Possibilité d’héberger 4 personnes. WIFI Lave Vaisselle  Lave Linge  3 lignes de métros à proximité  Plusieurs lignes de bus et de noctilien WIFI Lave Vaisselle  Lave Linge Calme 3 lignes de métros à proximité  Plusieurs lignes de bus et de noctilien
16966	STANDING Paris rental apartment that is in a very high standing building that is very well taken care of by the maid who lives there. Access is secured by a code and then an intercom. The Paris rental flat in on the 7th and last floor with a lift. The furniture and also the decoration are top quality and designed with great taste. Comfort, pleasure for the eyes and easy way of living were the main focuses in the preparation of this fantastic Paris loft. It will be the perfect base for you during your Paris stay. Safe, homely and pleasant, here lies the sweet retreat you have been searching for. LAYOUT The entrance if this apartment to rent in Paris has many closets where you can store all your belongings. There is also a magnificent piece of furniture in rosetree wood. The unique room of this Paris loft has a very comfortable Murphy bed, which optimizes the space, and a rolling table on which you can have breakfast (from the bed) or dinner with friends. A larger table is left at your d	This luxury Paris apartment, available to rent at a very fair rate, will perfectly suit honeymooners, a small family or friends who want to have an authentic and original home close to the most beautiful avenue in the world.        STANDING Paris rental apartment that is in a very high standing building that is very well taken care of by the maid who lives there. Access is secured by a code and then an intercom. The Paris rental flat in on the 7th and last floor with a lift. The furniture and also the decoration are top quality and designed with great taste. Comfort, pleasure for the eyes and easy way of living were the main focuses in the preparation of this fantastic Paris loft. It will be the perfect base for you during your Paris stay. Safe, homely and pleasant, here lies the sweet retreat you have been searching for. LAYOUT The entrance if this apartment to rent in Paris has many closets where you can store all your belongings. There is also a magnificent piece of furniture in ros
16967	Studio de 16m² récemment rénové  au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, donnant sur une cour très calme. Disposant d’une chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places. Cuisine et salle de douche tout équipée (micro onde/lave linge, sèche cheveux, etc...). Ce studio est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes, ustensiles de cuisine et un accès internet  illimité avec le wifi.	Centre of Paris, cozy bright one-bedroom studio. There is everything you need to stay 2 persons. The apartment has a good modern renovation. Studio de 16m² récemment rénové  au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, donnant sur une cour très calme. Disposant d’une chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places. Cuisine et salle de douche tout équipée (micro onde/lave linge, sèche cheveux, etc...). Ce studio est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes, ustensiles de cuisine et un accès internet  illimité avec le wifi. Pour votre arrivée, pas de tranche horaire fixe, nous prenons RDV ensemble. Conseils, écoute. Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps,...), théâtres, parcs, restaurants, monuments... METRO Lignes: (phone number hidden) Stations Havre-Caumartin/Madeleine/Opéra/Saint Lazare. RER A Auber.  BUS direct aéroport CDG à 5min à pied.
16968	You'll enjoy the whole 6th floor (with lift) of this historical Haussmanian building: 180m2 (1940 sq ft) with spacious rooms, carefully decorated to underline the ancient architectural details: 18th century marquetry-worked wooden floors, ancient hand-painted wall papers, Napoleon style oval room, antique fireplaces...  The penthouse is light and airy with 15 windows and french windows opening on 3 balconies. The apartment is composed of 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, all newly refurbished: - oval bedroom with 1 king size bed  - bedroom 2 with 1 king size bed (or 2 single beds) - bedroom 3 with 1 queen size bed and 1 single bed - bathroom 1 with a large shower and a cast-iron bathtub - bathroom 2 with a large shower - living room with flat screen TV, Apple speakers for your Ipod, a piano - dining room - large kitchen with a dining area, fully equiped: 2 traditional ovens, micro-wave oven, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine... - 2 separate toilets	Stay in Paris in style! Centrally located in the chic neighbourhood of Paris, near the Champs Elysées, our spacious penthouse apartment can host 7 people (3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms). High comfort and equipment with Napoleon style architectural details. You'll enjoy the whole 6th floor (with lift) of this historical Haussmanian building: 180m2 (1940 sq ft) with spacious rooms, carefully decorated to underline the ancient architectural details: 18th century marquetry-worked wooden floors, ancient hand-painted wall papers, Napoleon style oval room, antique fireplaces...  The penthouse is light and airy with 15 windows and french windows opening on 3 balconies. The apartment is composed of 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, all newly refurbished: - oval bedroom with 1 king size bed  - bedroom 2 with 1 king size bed (or 2 single beds) - bedroom 3 with 1 queen size bed and 1 single bed - bathroom 1 with a large shower and a cast-iron bathtub - bathroom 2 with a large shower - living room with flat sc
16969	Very pretty studio, heart of historical Paris (Madeleine/Saint-Lazare/Batignolles), with all comfort.  Modern kitchen area (refrigerator, kitchen sink, microwave, electric hob...) dressing, coat rack, big bath.  Toilets outside at the same floor. Heart of prestige Paris (close to Elysée, Madeleine, Louvre, luxury stores) 	Studio de 15m2, 15 mn à pied des Champs Elysées, proche métro ( Liege(13), Europe(3), Rome(2), Saint Lazare ) avec kitchenette et une grande baignoire. Le lit double fait 120X200 cm.  Les toilettes sont sur le palier. 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Very pretty studio, heart of historical Paris (Madeleine/Saint-Lazare/Batignolles), with all comfort.  Modern kitchen area (refrigerator, kitchen sink, microwave, electric hob...) dressing, coat rack, big bath.  Toilets outside at the same floor. Heart of prestige Paris (close to Elysée, Madeleine, Louvre, luxury stores) direct access to  gare Saint-Lazare : 4 mn  RER lines A and E : 4 mn metro lines (13-2-3)  all bus lines are in direct access at gare saint Lazare.  Taxi stations very near.  To enter in that studio, whatever may be the place you come from, you won't have to carry longly your heavy luggage. Every place of Paris can very easily be reached in a short deadline, from that place. The studio is independant. You have your own keys and 
16970		L'appartement a l'avantage d'être situé à 2 pas des champs et des principaux sites touristiques tout en offrant un calme et une sécurité sans conteste.  Un endroit parfait pour recharger les batteries et être au top pour les visites et autres.
16971	very  charming ;  deco unique :with  antiques furnitures ! i rent my apt; when  i travel or stay in south of  France where I have a (website hidden)'s like  campagne in  Paris  ; terrass  with  flowers and trees  direct on living where one person can sleep in a beautiful deco: the other bedroom is on the minister vey quiet!! its adouble baldaquin bed  with another TV see picture! a  bathroom  in betwween with  bath  and  WC  and the dining room with  kitchen open ! with everythig  dish washer ;oven, frigo : you have also a washing  machine ;and a lot of cupboards. position :excellent; you are  near champs elysees ; 2mn from palais de l'eysee ,rue du faubourg saint  honore , where you  have  all the best shops , arts galery ,theater; grand palais ,concorde; no cars !  restaurants just  down,bus and metro 2mn miromesnil or ch elysees clemenceau ;   a lovely place to stay;  and very safe for sure; police all around 	the best position ;near elysees ; youhave  elegant shops ,art galery restaurants;; bus metro but you can do everything  walking; evrything just down the street ppartment very quiet and safe;; the deco is very chic!! very  charming ;  deco unique :with  antiques furnitures ! i rent my apt; when  i travel or stay in south of  France where I have a (website hidden)'s like  campagne in  Paris  ; terrass  with  flowers and trees  direct on living where one person can sleep in a beautiful deco: the other bedroom is on the minister vey quiet!! its adouble baldaquin bed  with another TV see picture! a  bathroom  in betwween with  bath  and  WC  and the dining room with  kitchen open ! with everythig  dish washer ;oven, frigo : you have also a washing  machine ;and a lot of cupboards. position :excellent; you are  near champs elysees ; 2mn from palais de l'eysee ,rue du faubourg saint  honore , where you  have  all the best shops , arts galery ,theater; grand palais ,concorde; no cars !  restau
16972	Logement très calme dans un bel immeuble Haussmannien . Digicode à l'entrée (numéro sur demande au (phone number hidden) après votre confirmation).	"""loft"" situé angle Bld Haussmann / bld Malesherbes. 5 minutes des Champs ELysées. Un vrai bijoux au centre de Paris.(métro St Augustin) Beaucoup de charme et très calme. Situé en cour intérieure avec toit en pavés de verre.Refait à neuf.bien équipé. Logement très calme dans un bel immeuble Haussmannien . Digicode à l'entrée (numéro sur demande au (phone number hidden) après votre confirmation). Rez de chaussée cour intérieure . très calme , aucun bruit. N'hésitez pas à me contacter au (phone number hidden) Quartier plein centre de Paris. A 5 minutes à pied des Champs Elysées et 5 minutes des Grands Magasins.(galeries Lafayettes et Printemps Haussmann) A proximité de la gare Saint Lazare.(5mn à pied) Métro Saint Augustin à l'angle de la rue Station de taxi devant l'immeuble le chauffe eau est disconnecté. Il suffit de reconnecté les 2 inter au tableau éléctrique.  Merci de vous sentir chez vous et de prendre soin de l'appartement comme si c'etait le votre. :-)"
16973	Situé en plein cœur du quartier de l'Europe	Deux pieces aux briques apparentes, accueillant, douillet et typique ! Peut loger trois personnes et est très central, dans une rue calme en plein coeur du quartier de l'europe. Proche de l'arc de triomphe et à deux pas du magnifique parc monceau. Situé en plein cœur du quartier de l'Europe Proche du métro, gare sncf, parc monceau Tranquillité La rue de Levî's avec tout ses commerces, balade au parc monceau, proche de l'arc de triomphe et de l'avenue des champs élysées À pied moins de 10mn
16974	Freshly renovated Large three bedroom apartment located on the Champs Elysees. Close to an award winning boulangerie, supermarkets, bistrots, and restaurants as well as the famous Arc de Triomphe. It is within a Fiften minute walk to St Germain over the Pont des Arts bridge. The master bedroom has a King size bed and is on an inner courtyard with no traffic noise whatsoever, with private Luxury bathrrom with Jacuzzi. The second bedroom has a double king size bed, with also it's private bathroom with also Jacuzzi  and the third bedroom has a queen bed and a bathroom with Italian Shower. Just off the large, fully equipped kitchen is a laundry room with large capacity washer, seperate dryer, utility sink and 2 full sized refrigerator and freezer.  Nespresso machine and LED screen on the Kitchen. The open plan, south facing kitchen has a dining table that seats 8. The double sitting room faces a quiet street and features the original fireplace, high ceilings and marble floor, 2 large LEd s	Freshly renovated Large three bedroom apartment located on the Champs Elysees. Close to an award winning boulangerie, supermarkets, bistrots, and restaurants as well as the famous Arc de Triomphe. It is within a Fiften minute walk to St Germain over the Pont des Arts bridge. The master bedroom has a King size bed and is on an inner courtyard with no traffic noise whatsoever, with private Luxury bathrrom with Jacuzzi. The second bedroom has a double king size bed, with also it's private bathroom with also Jacuzzi  and the third bedroom has a queen bed and a bathroom with Italian Shower. Just off the large, fully equipped kitchen is a laundry room with large capacity washer, seperate dryer, utility sink and 2 full sized refrigerator and freezer.  Nespresso machine and LED screen on the Kitchen. The open plan, south facing kitchen has a dining table that seats 8. The double sitting room faces a quiet street and features the original fireplace, high ceilings and marble floor, 2 large LEd s
16975	Fully equiped with all the amenities 2 bedrooms 1 living room 1 dining room  Kitchen and bathroom have been renovated 1 year ago. This is the perfect place to discover all Paris monuments while experiencing the Parisian lifestyle.  Close to Line 2, Line 3, Line 13 (métros: Rome, Europe, Liege), you'll be only 10 minutes walk from Opéra. You'll be able to enjoy the local life of the Batignolles Borough while being close to any other place of Paris. I could go on and on about this place and borough I love so much but the best thing would be to discover it.	Real traditionnal parisiand flat, ideally located in the 8th district of Paris.  1 min away from Les Batignolles and 7 mins from Monmartre.  Full of small shops and restaurants with nice terraces, Batignoles is one of the nicest area in Paris. Fully equiped with all the amenities 2 bedrooms 1 living room 1 dining room  Kitchen and bathroom have been renovated 1 year ago. This is the perfect place to discover all Paris monuments while experiencing the Parisian lifestyle.  Close to Line 2, Line 3, Line 13 (métros: Rome, Europe, Liege), you'll be only 10 minutes walk from Opéra. You'll be able to enjoy the local life of the Batignolles Borough while being close to any other place of Paris. I could go on and on about this place and borough I love so much but the best thing would be to discover it. Access to all amenities in the flat. The Batignolles neighbourhood is ideal, full of restaurants and shops. Close to Monmartre, Champs Elysées  and Opéra it is perfect for visiting and shopping. 
16976	The rooms are ideally located within ten minutes walking distance of the Champs d'Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Arc of Triumph.  Easy walk to the Seine and Rive Gauche.	Two sunny rooms in Paris -- wonderful  courtyard location just 10 minutes away from the Champs d'Elysees.  Includes office and living room with a sleeper sofa for 2 guests.  Market,  bakery just downstairs and easy access to subway and buses. The rooms are ideally located within ten minutes walking distance of the Champs d'Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Arc of Triumph.  Easy walk to the Seine and Rive Gauche. Guests will have access to the kitchen and  bathroom.  Soap, shampoo, coffee and tea will be provided. I am an American who has been living in Paris for over 20 years.  I enjoy hosting people and can help you out with logistical info; suggestions on what to do in Paris, etc.  English is my native language but I am also fluent in French and Italian. Guests are conveniently close to major tourist attractions in Paris -- easy walking distance to the Champs d'Elysees and the Arc of Triumph.  You're close but not too close since the apartment in on a courtyard.  A little haven in Paris.   Ther
16977	A large, clean, bright & comfortable open plan space with kitchen, living room, bedroom, closets & storage. Full Kitchen with: oven, microwave, fridge, cooktop, dishwasher, all the proper utensils. Wifi, telephone & TV Full Bathroom with: Shower, Hairdryer, Shampoo, soap, conditioner	Steps to the Champs Elysee & the Arc de Triomphe & at the very heart of all the great sites of Paris is your 1 bedroom 43m², fully furnished private apartment. Location, location, location! Newly renovated to top quality is your home away from home A large, clean, bright & comfortable open plan space with kitchen, living room, bedroom, closets & storage. Full Kitchen with: oven, microwave, fridge, cooktop, dishwasher, all the proper utensils. Wifi, telephone & TV Full Bathroom with: Shower, Hairdryer, Shampoo, soap, conditioner You'll have your own keys on check in for independent coming and going as you please. ill be available for you by phone, whatsapp, or email,  if you have any queries or questions during your stay. You're located on the famous Rue Ponthieu, 1 block from the Champs Elysee near the Arc du Triomphe. You're only 2 blocks from Metro line 1, the main line running through the heart of Paris, with easy access to the Marais, the Latin Quarter and Sacre Couer, and you can 
16978	55 sq feet apartment, 7th floor with an elevator, located 75008 Paris. Charming flat in a safe building. Theatres and shows are walking distance and/or public transportation easily accessible.	Central location, near typical parisian area (parc Monceau), tourist activities district (Opéra) and with many transport options. Outstanding living room, with a bar and open kitchen, fully equipped.  Spacious and quiet bedroom on inner courtyard. 55 sq feet apartment, 7th floor with an elevator, located 75008 Paris. Charming flat in a safe building. Theatres and shows are walking distance and/or public transportation easily accessible. Free High speed Wi-Fi internet connexion and TV. Dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwaves. Large closets. Saint Lazare is a railway junction: subway (lines (phone number hidden))/train/bus station 50 meters away. 10 min walking distance from Villiers station (line 2) ideal to reach Montmartre and nothern part of Paris.
16979	This (website hidden) apartment, renovated and characterized by light hues which enhance its brightness, opens up onto a wide foyer fitted with a series of built-in closets and leading into the focal point of the house, the day area. The day area consists in a large living area dominated by two large windows and furnished with a double sofa bed (170cm wide), an antique armchair and carpet, and a white-washed sideboard matching the round dining table with its Viennese straw chairs. The kitchen island, fully equipped with all necessities including a dishwasher and combo oven, separates the day area from a hallway leading into the sleeping zone. Modern and stylish, the “island” flaunts built-in cabinets along its entire length, mingling in with the wall and creating a lovely pure, clean and linear effect. To the right of the day area a wall encases a very tall sliding door through which is the study/guest bedroom, allowing for the original perspective of Haussmanian architecture to remain	Gorgeous 2 bedroom 2 bathroom Haussmanian apartment in Paris, impeccably furnished and newly renovated, located on the 3rd floor of a building nestled in one of the most exclusive neighbourhoods of Paris, in the 8th arrondissement. This (website hidden) apartment, renovated and characterized by light hues which enhance its brightness, opens up onto a wide foyer fitted with a series of built-in closets and leading into the focal point of the house, the day area. The day area consists in a large living area dominated by two large windows and furnished with a double sofa bed (170cm wide), an antique armchair and carpet, and a white-washed sideboard matching the round dining table with its Viennese straw chairs. The kitchen island, fully equipped with all necessities including a dishwasher and combo oven, separates the day area from a hallway leading into the sleeping zone. Modern and stylish, the “island” flaunts built-in cabinets along its entire length, mingling in with the wall and cre
16980	"Typiquement ""parisien"", familiale, tout confort, spacieux et cosy ! Un lieu, une vie."	"Au rdc d'un immeuble Haussmanien. Au calme sur cour. Très frais l'été. Très belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet point de Hongrie. Entrée, grand salon-salle à manger, ""master room"", salle de bain-WC, 2ème chambre, cabinet de toilette-WC. Cuisine. Typiquement ""parisien"", familiale, tout confort, spacieux et cosy ! Un lieu, une vie. Salon-salle à manger, chambre parentale, salle de bain-wc, cabinet de toilette-wc, petites cuisine et ""lingerie"" = tout confort pour un long séjour (machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge, sèche linge, séchoir). Conseils disponibles chaque jour (8h30/10h00 et 18h00/20h00). Heureuse de venir organiser des dîners ""à la française"" sur place (supplément 50€/personne) jusque 6 personnes. Ménage (supplément 30€). Triangle d'Or : Avenue Montaigne-Avenue GeorgeV-Avenue des Champs Élysées. Quartier chic et central, calme et animé. Cinémas, Théâtres, belles boutiques et grandes enseignes ouvertes le dimanche. À quelques pas des bords de Seine, de la Tour Eiffel (15 minu"
16981	The flat was renovated in May 2015, and is really bright (6th floor) The flat is fully equiped (TV, internet, washing machine, fridge, nespresso coffee machine, etc.) The 2 bedrooms are independant with large and confortable beds The bathroom is totally new and equiped	Apartment with 2 lovely bedrooms for rent in the center of Paris (near Parc Monceau and Champs Elysées) with lot of bars and restaurants around and close to the tube station Villiers. Located at the 6th floor the flat
16982	This charming small flat of 9 m2 is ideally situated to discover Paris or for your business. Metro line 2 and 3. Close to Department stores, Opera, Champs Elysees, Pigalle, boulevard Haussman. The appartment is situated at 6th floor, The view of rooftops is charmant. Comfortable place fitted with a sofa, a removable double bed, a little kitchen with fridge, microwave and coffee nespresso. Very nice shower but wc is shared on the floor. All around there are bars / restaurants / supermarket / lovely place. . Welcome to Paris:-)	Comfortable small studio fitted very secure, Ideal location for visiting Paris or business. Close to shopping aera, Galeries Lafayette Store, Opéra, Champs Elysées, Pigalle.Near Metro. Views over the roofstops of Paris, . Personnal Guide available to visit Paris and museum (aditionnal fees) , free advice. This charming small flat of 9 m2 is ideally situated to discover Paris or for your business. Metro line 2 and 3. Close to Department stores, Opera, Champs Elysees, Pigalle, boulevard Haussman. The appartment is situated at 6th floor, The view of rooftops is charmant. Comfortable place fitted with a sofa, a removable double bed, a little kitchen with fridge, microwave and coffee nespresso. Very nice shower but wc is shared on the floor. All around there are bars / restaurants / supermarket / lovely place. . Welcome to Paris:-) Nespresso coffee and bose music sound available. Sheets and towels provided. Pleasant and reliable person will welcome you and will make your check in/out:-) Adv
16983	Air Cond Flat. 5 Rooms.  3 or 4 Bedrooms in a Typical Old Parisian Flat. Situated av MATIGNON/Faubourg Saint Honoré.  This flat is Very close from : avenue des Champs Elysée : 5 minutes walking avenue Montaigne, the famous luxury shopping avenue : 7/8 minutes walking The Palace Hotel BRISTOL : 30 seconds walking The famous rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré : 30 seconds walking The palais de L'ELYSÉE (French President office and house): 3 minutes walking The museum Grand Palais et Petit Palais : 7 minutes walking The US and British Embassy : 10 minutes walking Metro and Bus Station : less than a minute walking The area is extremly safe as it is situated close from the Palais de l'Elysée/US Embassy/British Embassy. Metro and Bus Station 3 bathrooms including a Jacuzzi. a Kitchen Fully Equiped: a Micro Wave, a Coffee, Nespresso machine, a Heat, an American Fridge with an Ice Maker. 2 Large Flat TV Blue Ray with Home Cinema Cable. an WIFI Internet connexion. 	LUXURY 5 ROOMS AIR COND APARTMENT 2 MINUTES WALKING  FROM CHAMPS ELYSEES AND FAUBOURG SAINT HONORE; SHOPPING AREA - RESTAURANTS SPECTACLES MUSEUM AND CLUBS AT WALKING DISTANCE - SAFE AREA - GARDEN PARK VERY CLOSE Air Cond Flat. 5 Rooms.  3 or 4 Bedrooms in a Typical Old Parisian Flat. Situated av MATIGNON/Faubourg Saint Honoré.  This flat is Very close from : avenue des Champs Elysée : 5 minutes walking avenue Montaigne, the famous luxury shopping avenue : 7/8 minutes walking The Palace Hotel BRISTOL : 30 seconds walking The famous rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré : 30 seconds walking The palais de L'ELYSÉE (French President office and house): 3 minutes walking The museum Grand Palais et Petit Palais : 7 minutes walking The US and British Embassy : 10 minutes walking Metro and Bus Station : less than a minute walking The area is extremly safe as it is situated close from the Palais de l'Elysée/US Embassy/British Embassy. Metro and Bus Station 3 bathrooms including a Jacuzzi. a Kitchen Full
16984	Cet appartement rénové, très calme et lumineux dispose des équipements les plus modernes. Son grand salon avec canapés profonds, sa cuisine américaine (plan de travail en marbre blanc d'Ibiza) laisse place à une chambre dotée d'un lit king size (180x200) ainsi qu’une salle de bain baignée de lumière avec baignoire et douche à l'italienne entièrement en marbre blanc de carrare. Des linges de maison de qualité supérieure sont à votre disposition (serviettes de bain, draps de bain, draps,couettes, taies d'oreillers, sur-matelas thermoregulation).  	Hello Guests! Cet appartement rénové, très calme et lumineux dispose des équipements les plus modernes. Son grand salon avec canapés profonds, sa cuisine américaine (plan de travail en marbre blanc d'Ibiza) laisse place à une chambre dotée d'un lit king size (180x200) ainsi qu’une salle de bain baignée de lumière avec baignoire et douche à l'italienne entièrement en marbre blanc de carrare. Des linges de maison de qualité supérieure sont à votre disposition (serviettes de bain, draps de bain, draps,couettes, taies d'oreillers, sur-matelas thermoregulation).  - Configuration : 1 chambre, une salle de bain, un vaste salon/cuisine américaine - Canapé convertible design et très confortable (sur matelas en supplément pour garantir votre confort)  - Dressing tout équipé  - Réfrigérateur équipé de comodités  -Lave linge/sèche linge silencieux  -Lave vaisselle   - Machine à café moulu  - Luxueux linge de lit en lin et plumes d’oie  - Oreillers hypoallergéniques Chambre -Lit kingSize tres confo
16985	This apartment is equipped with : Washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge..  Sights close by :  Boulevard Haussmann - 813 m  Opéra - 1089 m  La Madeleine - 1240 m 	Big apartment (1722sq/ft) with 3 bedrooms to rent close to the champs Elysées Grand appartement de 160m2, dans lequel nous vous proposons 3 chambres à louer. This apartment is equipped with : Washer, dishwasher, cable, TV, stereo, decorative fireplace, unlimited high speed internet access. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils  The 19th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge..  Sights close by :  Boulevard Haussmann - 813 m  Opéra - 1089 m  La Madeleine - 1240 m
16986	Studio au centre de la capitale Calme, bien placé, proche du métro, et entouré de commerces en tous genres !!! Saint Philippe du Roule, à 2 pas des Champs Elysées , dans un quartier chic et calme. Bus, métro, vélo et voitures électriques au pied de l'immeuble. Il possède tout le confort pour un séjour...machine Nespresso, bouilloire, lave vaisselle, air conditionné, douche spacieuse....	Studio au centre de la capitale Calme, bien placé, proche du métro, et entouré de commerces en tous genres !!! Saint Philippe du Roule, à 2 pas des Champs Elysées , dans un quartier chic et calme. Bus, métro, vélo et voitures électriques au pied de l'immeuble. Il possède tout le confort pour un séjour...machine Nespresso, bouilloire, lave vaisselle, air conditionné, douche spacieuse....
16987	The apartment is made of 2 pieces. A large living room with lounge and fitted kitchen (oven, hob, laundry machine, dishwasher) and a room with a skylight. The room is not face the street, quiet at night. Clear  during the day and sunny from 4.00PM. Nice clear view and view of the sunset. The area is quiet at night.	A cosy and typical Parisian Flat of 30m2 under the eaves. Beautiful Haussmannien Block.  At the foot of the Parc Monceau and 10-15min by foot of Champs Elysées, L'Arc de Triomphe, Grand Palais and Petit Palais. View on Parisian roofs and la Défense. The apartment is made of 2 pieces. A large living room with lounge and fitted kitchen (oven, hob, laundry machine, dishwasher) and a room with a skylight. The room is not face the street, quiet at night. Clear  during the day and sunny from 4.00PM. Nice clear view and view of the sunset. The area is quiet at night. Floor 6 - by staircases (no lift) Geographically, I would not be far from the apartment. I'm prompt to make your stay pleasant and easy by answering your questions and needs. Near the flat there is a small Monop (food shop) and a bakery (2min). Rue de Courcelles is a shopping street with a lot of clothes but also food, wine, cheese and beef shops ... You can park quite easily drive around. Subway: - Line 2: Courcelles station (2m
16988	Unbelievable situation of this appartment : 4 minutes walking distance from the Champs elysées! The appartment is at the 5th floor of a little building with elevator. It's composed in a duplex: bathroom (bath, mirrors, sink, window), kitchen (all ustensils you need to cook, microwave, sink...) and living room (2 persons convertible bed, table, storage unit, window/view on the street) downtsairs, and little bedroom upstairs composed of a king size bed and a big chest of drawers (window: view on the rooftops and sky). The appartment is amazingly bright which is rare in Paris, thanks to the windows in each room and because it's on the last floor of the building! The decoration is very neutral and neat ( white, grey, beige, black).	I rent my 30 m2 Flat perfectly situated in Paris : 4 minutes walking from les Champs Elysées.  Cinema, Monoprix, most famous restaurants, bars and clubs small walking distance! 1 kingsize bed and 1 convertible bed (duplex): adapted for 4 people to sleep. All furnished. Unbelievable situation of this appartment : 4 minutes walking distance from the Champs elysées! The appartment is at the 5th floor of a little building with elevator. It's composed in a duplex: bathroom (bath, mirrors, sink, window), kitchen (all ustensils you need to cook, microwave, sink...) and living room (2 persons convertible bed, table, storage unit, window/view on the street) downtsairs, and little bedroom upstairs composed of a king size bed and a big chest of drawers (window: view on the rooftops and sky). The appartment is amazingly bright which is rare in Paris, thanks to the windows in each room and because it's on the last floor of the building! The decoration is very neutral and neat ( white, grey, beige, 
16989	Studio de 18m2 disposant d'une pièce principale, cuisine séparée et salle de bain complète (toilettes, lavabo et douche). Situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, accès sécurisé par deux codes. Donnant côté cour donc calme absolu.	Studio idéalement situé dans le 8ème arrondissement de Paris, au sein d'un immeuble en pierre de taille d'un calme absolu. 10 min à pied des Champs Elysées, du parc Monceau, de la gare Saint-Lazare. Tous commerces à proximité. Studio de 18m2 disposant d'une pièce principale, cuisine séparée et salle de bain complète (toilettes, lavabo et douche). Situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, accès sécurisé par deux codes. Donnant côté cour donc calme absolu. Situé dans au coeur du très chic 8ème arrondissement de Paris, le logement est à toute proximité des endroits renommés de la capitale : - 5 min à pied : Palais de l'Elysée, Parc Monceau - 10 min à pied : Champs-Elysées, Petit et Grand Palais, Quais de Seine - 20 min à pied : Invalides, Jardin des Tuileries, Arc de Triomphe, Grands Magasins Haussmann De nombreux commerces et cafés sont également présents dans un rayon de 200m : boulangerie, supermarché, pharmacie, banques A 3 min à pied : Métro Miromesnil (lignes 9 et 13) A 10 min à pied : Ga
16990	2 room apartment of 50 m2 in a secure and very quiet building only 50 meters away from Champs-Elysées. The apartment is situated in the 3rd floor with elevator. This apartment has one bedroom and a big livingroom, a bathroom, one separate toilets and a kitchen all furnished. In the kitchen you will find an oven, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave  a washing and drying machine, an induction hob a coffee machine, a toaster and all you need to cook.  There is a big bathtub in the bathroom.  The bedroom is equipped with a big bed of 160cm with a memory foam mattress, for an incomparable comfort.  This apartment has a big TV, a WiFi internet connection and a sofa bed who allows to welcome 2 additional sleepings around.  The apartment has all the comfort of a modern apartment. The closest subway station is the Franklin D Rooselvet station on lines 1 and 9 2 minutes away from the apartment. There is also Alma Marceau on line 9. Numerous buses pass at the bottom of the building. The host is a ni	2 room apartment of 50 m2 in a secure and very quiet building only 50 meters away from Champs-Elysées. The apartment is situated in the 3rd floor with elevator. This apartment has one bedroom and a big livingroom, a bathroom, one separate toilets and a kitchen all furnished. In the kitchen you will find an oven, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave  a washing and drying machine, an induction hob a coffee machine, a toaster and all you need to cook.  There is a big bathtub in the bathroom.  The bedroom is equipped with a big bed of 160cm with a memory foam mattress, for an incomparable comfort.  This apartment has a big TV, a WiFi internet connection and a sofa bed who allows to welcome 2 additional sleepings around.  The apartment has all the comfort of a modern apartment. The closest subway station is the Franklin D Rooselvet station on lines 1 and 9 2 minutes away from the apartment. There is also Alma Marceau on line 9. Numerous buses pass at the bottom of the building. The host is a ni
16991		Grand appartement, 2 chambres, 2 salles de bains. Très lumineux, cuisine équipée. Télévision dans toutes les chambres et le salon. Grande pièce à vivre.  Situé à deux pas des Champs Elysées, nombreux commerces à proximité. Vous avez accès à toutes les pièces hormis une pièces qui sera ferme. Merci de ne pas toucher à notre cave à vins. Pas spécialement Notre quartier est central a deux pas des champs élysées, du marché Poncelet et des transports. Metro Ternes  Bus 43 / 93 Station de taxis
16992	The flat achieves balance between quirky cool and homey warmth. Its memorable décor combines old-world and contemporary artworks in playful contrast. Indigo-colored lamps illuminate hanging tapestries, wood floors, and leather-bound books. Ocean-blue tiles brighten the charming bathroom. Recently fully renovated, the home offers a fully equipped, stainless-steel kitchenette and a working desktop. The bedroom is both understated and au courant, by virtue of eye-catching art set against pure white walls. It offers ample space and natural light, creating a serene setting for unwinding. What's more, in the sitting room, an ultra-comfy sleeping sofa accommodates an additional two guests.	Recently fully renovated, this studio offers a fully equipped, stainless-steel kitchenette and a working desktop. The bedroom is both understated and au courant, by virtue of eye-catching art set against pure white walls. The flat achieves balance between quirky cool and homey warmth. Its memorable décor combines old-world and contemporary artworks in playful contrast. Indigo-colored lamps illuminate hanging tapestries, wood floors, and leather-bound books. Ocean-blue tiles brighten the charming bathroom. Recently fully renovated, the home offers a fully equipped, stainless-steel kitchenette and a working desktop. The bedroom is both understated and au courant, by virtue of eye-catching art set against pure white walls. It offers ample space and natural light, creating a serene setting for unwinding. What's more, in the sitting room, an ultra-comfy sleeping sofa accommodates an additional two guests. The guest will have access with the whole apartment. We are happy to offer you a compl
16993	Welcome to my home :). This home is on the 5/F but there is a lift. 25m² and benefits a nice atmosphere! I keep my apartment clean and organized. You can prepare the breakfast anytime (note: breakfast is not served). You will find bread, milk, juices and traditional french thing in the kitchen to prepare yourself a nice breakfast. So you can wake up at anytime you want and have a breakfast on the balcony over the roof of Paris. Around the area you can find lots of restaurants, bars and convenience stores, also around the tran station area with lots of shopping malls, however the home is a quiet and relaxing place. Right in the center of the city: 2 min. walk to the Saint Lazare metro station, where there is every public transportation you will need. This is just the best area of Paris near Palais de l'Elysee, Champs Elysées, Opera Garnier, Madeleine and Printemps /Galeries Lafayette. Not far from Montmartre, where I can be your guide and show you atypical place without tourist. I will 	"The appartment is downtown Paris, between ""Champs Elysees"", ""galerie La Fayette"" and Moulin Rouge. Big balcony. I live inside the apartment, so it's about share the only one room with me. Welcome to my home :). This home is on the 5/F but there is a lift. 25m² and benefits a nice atmosphere! I keep my apartment clean and organized. You can prepare the breakfast anytime (note: breakfast is not served). You will find bread, milk, juices and traditional french thing in the kitchen to prepare yourself a nice breakfast. So you can wake up at anytime you want and have a breakfast on the balcony over the roof of Paris. Around the area you can find lots of restaurants, bars and convenience stores, also around the tran station area with lots of shopping malls, however the home is a quiet and relaxing place. Right in the center of the city: 2 min. walk to the Saint Lazare metro station, where there is every public transportation you will need. This is just the best area of Paris near Palais de l"
16994	"Nested in a beautiful art deco building ; Posh studio fully renovated by architect : precious floor tiling , typical french detailings and cheminey mantle, full lenght window, 3,5m ceiling height.    Best possible location,""triangle d'or"" 50m away from avenue des Champs-Elysées,20m away from avenue Georges V and avenue Francois 1er. As if you were stepping out from the Four Seasons! Amenities: 1 foldout sofa bed (with thick mattress),flat screen TV with cable, Phone included for most european landlines and american mobiles too, ""Nespresso"" coffee machine, equiped kitchenette for those days you'd rather cook your spaghettis than eat out, dining space to enjoy your cheese and wine, big wardrobe to store your clothes and shopping bags, renovated full bathroom with shower.  Extra:  -No neighbors in front of your window. Beautiful facade belonging to the Fours Seasons Georges V.  -Studio located above a spa so you could enjoy a massage , as if you were staying in a hotel.  -Silent days and "	"Nested in a beautiful art deco building ; Posh studio fully renovated by architect : precious floor tiling , typical french detailings and cheminey mantle, full lenght window, 3,5m ceiling height.    Best possible location,""triangle d'or"" 50m away from avenue des Champs-Elysées,20m away from avenue Georges V and avenue Francois 1er. As if you were stepping out from the Four Seasons! Amenities: 1 foldout sofa bed (with thick mattress),flat screen TV with cable, Phone included for most european landlines and american mobiles too, ""Nespresso"" coffee machine, equiped kitchenette for those days you'd rather cook your spaghettis than eat out, dining space to enjoy your cheese and wine, big wardrobe to store your clothes and shopping bags, renovated full bathroom with shower.  Extra:  -No neighbors in front of your window. Beautiful facade belonging to the Fours Seasons Georges V.  -Studio located above a spa so you could enjoy a massage , as if you were staying in a hotel.  -Silent days and "
16995		Joli duplex de 45 m2, situé Bd de Courcelles à 5 mn du magnifique parc Monceau, 10 mn des Champs-Elysées.Appartement très calme Rez de chaussée sur cour, comprenant  une  chambre, salle de bain, dressing à l'étage. Au rez de chaussée, une cuisine équipée (plaques électriques, four, micro-onde, lave linge, réfrigérateur, etc...) salon-salle à manger (canapé convertible, table 4 couverts). Télévision, wifi, linge de maison fourni Metro, Bus,à proximité immédiate.
16996		In the heart of the couture fashion district, between Champs Elysées and Place de la Madeleine, a fully equipped renovated 2 rooms. A charming place well known for its fashion restaurants, bars and shops. The place to be to enjoy and visit Paris !
16997	Very beautiful spacious appartment located in the heart of Paris, near the big stores and the Champs-Elysées. The appartment is very cosy and fully equiped.	Very spacious typical haussmanian appartment  fully equiped. Located 5 minutes away on foot from the department stores of Saint-Lazare and 10 minutes away in subway from the Champs-Elysées. The appartment offers a perfect location. Very beautiful spacious appartment located in the heart of Paris, near the big stores and the Champs-Elysées. The appartment is very cosy and fully equiped. You will have access to a large TV with both national and international channels. The appartment also has video games, a great sound system (with lot of vinyls  ), a guitar and a piano. During the summer i won't be there a lot but one of my dear friend will be able to give you the keys and lives very near the appartment in case of urgency. The neighborhood is very calm and cosy to live in.  There is a super market, a bakery, a pizzeria, restaurants, a pharmacy, bars, a few museums and a big park all located around the block. The appartment is located very near at least 4 subway station and is accesible w
16998		Located near Parc Monceau and Gare St Lazare, in the upscale 8th district, this flat feels like a house thanks to a beautifull garden with wooden deck. Calm and fresh, 5 bedrooms 2 livingrooms open kitchen 2 bathrooms Market, shops, cafés
16999	"Bienvenue in your home in Paris, Le Palais de l'Elysées as a neighbor… Nestled in an aristocratic building constructed in 1858, this Haussmann luxurious reception apartment located at the nooble floor is a piece of history representing well the ""art de vivre à la Française"" in the 19th century. You will be amazed by its grandiose decors, its series of spacious receptions with exceptional high ceiling, its 15 floor-to-ceiling windows that flood the apartment with light and its 9 m long wrought iron balcony. It has very much of a château feel with everywhere the joy of huge indoor spaces and with a taste for beautiful things to admire: the finely worked cornices, the carved mouldings, the delicately sculpted friezes, the herringbone oak parquet floors, the marble fireplaces, the bronze and crystal chandeliers. This 250 square meter corner apartment invites you into the intimacy of his prestigious estates, where history is written according to the rhythm of the centuries;  Antique pieces "	"You will be amazed by its grandiose decors, series of receptions with exceptional high ceiling, 15 floor-to-ceiling windows, and its ornaments, fireplaces, parquet, chandeliers and balcony… and it is situated in a prime location near Le Palais de l'Elysée. Bienvenue in your home in Paris, Le Palais de l'Elysées as a neighbor… Nestled in an aristocratic building constructed in 1858, this Haussmann luxurious reception apartment located at the nooble floor is a piece of history representing well the ""art de vivre à la Française"" in the 19th century. You will be amazed by its grandiose decors, its series of spacious receptions with exceptional high ceiling, its 15 floor-to-ceiling windows that flood the apartment with light and its 9 m long wrought iron balcony. It has very much of a château feel with everywhere the joy of huge indoor spaces and with a taste for beautiful things to admire: the finely worked cornices, the carved mouldings, the delicately sculpted friezes, the herringbone oa"
17000	Most Beautiful View over Paris from last floor in Champs Elysées. Panoramic Terraces  Velib Station just downside the building	Suite Deluxe 2 rond Point des Champs Elysées  located on the most beautiful Avenue of the World. Last Floor 50 sqm + 50 sqm of Terraces with fantastic 360° view from all over Paris. Bed Room & Living Room 4 Terraces. Air Conditioning Most Beautiful View over Paris from last floor in Champs Elysées. Panoramic Terraces  Velib Station just downside the building Malika the housekeeping will stay in contact with you for any assistance The doorman Toni is fantastic and very helpful You should let him a tip if you need him it would be very appreciated,because he s always very involved to help. I may be not in Paris during your stay, so you can join me by email RBNB, i always answered very quickly (always trying to answer whithin 5 minutes !) Subway crossing the place. Bus station, Taxi, and Parking just downside the building VELIB just in front of the entry !! The elevator is new The building will be fully renovated
17001	A 50m² appartment on the 6th floor (with a lift) including a bright living room and a comfy bedroom with a kingsize bed. Ideal for a couple but can also host 2 extra people in the living room sofabed. Terrific location, right at the Champs Elysees and close to all amenities, bars, cafés, restaurants, fashion shops and tourist attractions. Ask me for a list of good restaurants in the area to avoid tourist traps.	A one bedroom cosy appartment at Champs Elysees. Great location, close to all amenities and historic monuments A 50m² appartment on the 6th floor (with a lift) including a bright living room and a comfy bedroom with a kingsize bed. Ideal for a couple but can also host 2 extra people in the living room sofabed. Terrific location, right at the Champs Elysees and close to all amenities, bars, cafés, restaurants, fashion shops and tourist attractions. Ask me for a list of good restaurants in the area to avoid tourist traps. Kitchen: Microwave/oven, fridge, dishwasher, kettle, tea bags, instant coffee and sugar. Bathroom: washing machine, washing powder, 2 bath-robes, travel hair dryer I am happy to answer all your questions :) The famous Champs Elysees avenue is just around the corner. It is one of the best and most expensive areas in Paris (Golden Triangle).  The area is very safe and lively with its bars, cafés, restaurants, shops and tourist attractions. Many night clubs are also minute
17002	Hello,  We are Yamina and Benjamin, and we would love to welcome you in Paris. For your stay there will be a very comfortable couch, our kitchen(fully equipped), a bathroom and wifi access. If you have any questions we will try our best to answer them properly.(we speak French,German, and a little bit Spanish.) You will find our apartment in the 8. Arrondissement in Paris. quarter of Saint Lazare and Place de Clichy. Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir! Nous espérons pouvoir vous renseigner au mieux (nous parlons anglais, allemand et un petit peu espagnol). Nous mettrons a votre disposition, notre très bon canapé lit, notre cuisine (équipée), salle de bain et l'accès wifi. Notre appartement est situé dans le 8 eme arrondissement de paris, quartier St Lazare, et celui de la place Clichy. Guten Tag wir heißen Yamina und Benjamin und wir würden uns freuen sie bei uns begrüßen zu dürfen.  Wir stellen Ihnen unsere sehr bequeme Ausziehcouch, küche (ausgerüstet), Badezimmer und wlan zugriff 	Hello,  We are Yamina and Benjamin, and we would love to welcome you in Paris. For your stay there will be a very comfortable couch, our kitchen(fully equipped), a bathroom and wifi access. If you have any questions we will try our best to answer them properly.(we speak French,German, and a little bit Spanish.) You will find our apartment in the 8. Arrondissement in Paris. quarter of Saint Lazare and Place de Clichy. Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir! Nous espérons pouvoir vous renseigner au mieux (nous parlons anglais, allemand et un petit peu espagnol). Nous mettrons a votre disposition, notre très bon canapé lit, notre cuisine (équipée), salle de bain et l'accès wifi. Notre appartement est situé dans le 8 eme arrondissement de paris, quartier St Lazare, et celui de la place Clichy. Guten Tag wir heißen Yamina und Benjamin und wir würden uns freuen sie bei uns begrüßen zu dürfen.  Wir stellen Ihnen unsere sehr bequeme Ausziehcouch, küche (ausgerüstet), Badezimmer und wlan zugriff 
17003		Cet élégant 3 pièces de 200 m2 est idéal pour accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, tout confort dans rue calme voisine de rue du Faubourg-Saint-Honoré et rue Royal. A 1 bloc du jardin des Tuileries, de La Place de la Concorde et de place de la Madeleine. 
17004	This 62 m² apartment is is located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building with an elevator. It sleeps 4 guests in beds and 2 additional on a good quality sofa bed. The apartment has wooden floors and is tastefully decorated with a modern touch. The apartment has a small entrance which is full of light thanks to a windows opening on the courtyard. The fully equipped independent kitchen is located immediately after the entrance. On demand, the sliding decorative doors allow for the kitchen to be closed while not being used.  On the right after the kitchen, a small corridor leads to most rooms.  •The first door on the left leads to a first bedroom that offers 2 large windows (double glazed), 2 comfortable single beds a large closet and a desk. •The second door on the left opens to the living room. The living room is very bright due to the large windows that fill it with natural light. Its marble chimney gives it a touch of charm and the large mirror on top of it gives a feeling o	This superb Parisian apartment, is perfectly located in the beating heart of Paris, close to monuments, best shops and restaurants. It was recently renewed, has elevator and sleeps six. Great value for money. This 62 m² apartment is is located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building with an elevator. It sleeps 4 guests in beds and 2 additional on a good quality sofa bed. The apartment has wooden floors and is tastefully decorated with a modern touch. The apartment has a small entrance which is full of light thanks to a windows opening on the courtyard. The fully equipped independent kitchen is located immediately after the entrance. On demand, the sliding decorative doors allow for the kitchen to be closed while not being used.  On the right after the kitchen, a small corridor leads to most rooms.  •The first door on the left leads to a first bedroom that offers 2 large windows (double glazed), 2 comfortable single beds a large closet and a desk. •The second door on the left op
17005	The living room has classic wood floors paired with modern furniture. The red and black couch and leather side chairs sit atop a dramatic zebra print area rug. The wooden and iron staircase leads to a library above the room, and is a great focal point of the apartment. The main salon also houses the dining area, which has a sleek back table that seats four. In this room you will also find an antique desk, flat screen television, and a curio cabinet below the library. The salon is accented with both skylights and thoughtful lighting. In the bedroom there rests a king-size bed, leather chair and bench, area rugs, dresser, and side tables. A flat screen television and en suite bathroom offer further comfort and convenience. Uniquely shaped and lit by a dormer window, the kitchen pairs white tiled walls with grey granite countertops. Fully equipped, this kitchen is also bright and well designed. The bathroom contains a dual washbasin and sizable bathtub with shower. In a separate room you 	This one bedroom is located in an historic 19th century building and features skylights in every room in addition to an elevated library overlooking the main salon. The living room has classic wood floors paired with modern furniture. The red and black couch and leather side chairs sit atop a dramatic zebra print area rug. The wooden and iron staircase leads to a library above the room, and is a great focal point of the apartment. The main salon also houses the dining area, which has a sleek back table that seats four. In this room you will also find an antique desk, flat screen television, and a curio cabinet below the library. The salon is accented with both skylights and thoughtful lighting. In the bedroom there rests a king-size bed, leather chair and bench, area rugs, dresser, and side tables. A flat screen television and en suite bathroom offer further comfort and convenience. Uniquely shaped and lit by a dormer window, the kitchen pairs white tiled walls with grey granite counte
17006	The apartment is located on the fifth floor and has a view on the building's courtyard.  Completely remodeled, this apartment is furnished and decorated with care. The entrance has a large closet ready to be used by guests, the open kitchen is fully furnished (electric stove, oven, fridge/deep freezer, washing machine, washer/dryer), an alcove was designed to hold a 5-star luxury bed, and the renovated bathroom includes a shower, a sink and a toilet and a hand shower. The apartment has two large windows and is luminous.	This elegant and fonctional apartment entirely remodeled is located in the 8e arrondissement, between Avenue des Champs Elysées and rue du Faubourg St Honoré. The neighborhood is really calm and chic - located next to the Palais de l'Elysees. The apartment is located on the fifth floor and has a view on the building's courtyard.  Completely remodeled, this apartment is furnished and decorated with care. The entrance has a large closet ready to be used by guests, the open kitchen is fully furnished (electric stove, oven, fridge/deep freezer, washing machine, washer/dryer), an alcove was designed to hold a 5-star luxury bed, and the renovated bathroom includes a shower, a sink and a toilet and a hand shower. The apartment has two large windows and is luminous. Communicate us your time of arrival and departure, and we will contact you for all information needed and details before your arrival. The building is surrounded by the Palais de l'Elysees and the Ministry of Interior. The neighbor
17007	Over 200 SQM fully renovated (hall entrance, 3 bedrooms, a lounge, a bedroom alcove, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk-in shower, separate toilet compound and high ceilings, in a modern and luxurious building.)	Fully renovated apartment in the heart of the golden triangle. An entrance hall, a lounge, a bedroom alcove, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk-in shower, separate toilet.  High ceilings, in a well-maintained and luxurious building. Over 200 SQM fully renovated (hall entrance, 3 bedrooms, a lounge, a bedroom alcove, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk-in shower, separate toilet compound and high ceilings, in a modern and luxurious building.)
17008	Flat 70m2 1 room with two beds 1 living room with a couch/bed  1 kitchen 1 bathroom	1 bedroom with twin beds 1 living room with a couch bed 1 kitchen 1 bathroom  Toilets  1 saloon Flat 70m2 1 room with two beds 1 living room with a couch/bed  1 kitchen 1 bathroom You'll have access to the entire apartment If you need help we'll be so happy to give you advices :) The apartment is in the center of Paris, 100 meters from the Champs Elysees You have access to many restaurants, nightclub, bars etc... Franklin Roosevelt St Philippe du Roule Miromesnil
17009	Savourez Paris dans un appartement et un quartier typiquement haussmanniens. Cheminée en marbre dans le salon, parquet & moulures, belle hauteur sous plafond, balcon filant aménagé. Tout confort avec une cuisine entièrement équipée (four, cuisinière 5 feux, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, sèche-linge) et toilettes indépendantes. Pour les mélomanes : piano droit disponible.	With its 3 bedrooms (3 single beds, 1 queen-size bed), large living-room, fully equiped kitchen (refrigerator-freezer, stove 5 burners+oven, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher), bathroom and lavatory, this 1324 sqft apartment located on the 5th floor Proche de 3 lignes de métro.  Station Velib et Autolib à deux pas Deux chats vivent à la maison. affectueux et indépendants. Préférence accordée aux hôtes acceptant de s'occuper d'eux :)
17010	The apartment is very cosy and quiet.	Our lovely and confortable one bedroom apartment is in the heart of Paris. It comfortably fits two maybe three,situated on the 6th floor with elevator has a wonderful view over the city and is near 4 subway lines, restaurants, theatres and Montmartre. Ideal to discover Paris! The apartment is very cosy and quiet. You will be in the center of Paris . Next to the Gare St-Lazaare and to the Printemps Megastore as well as to the Batignolles, a lovely area with very good restaurants. Montmartre and Parc Monceau are also very near, only 10 min. to walk. A person living in the building will welcome you upon arrival and departure. Monmartre, la rue des Abesses famous for its BoBo ambiance and the Batignolles were you can find a lot of very good restaurants are nearby.  There are 3 subway stations around, Liege/Rome/Europe , so you are anywhere is no time. 
17011	Charming studio at the last floor (6th) of a 1890 building. 130 sq-ft (12 sqm). Hi speed internet WIFI access, nicely located in a neighbourhood full of activities, very nicely connected to public transportation: subway line 2 (Europe stop), line 3 (Rome stop), line 13 (Liège stop), bus lines 66, 80, 95 (Bucarest and Liège stops), night bus N02 and N15 (Bucarest stop). The neighbourhood and the building are perfectly safe; the studio is luminous and bright! 6th and last floor without elevator, refurbished in 2011 with modern and quality equipments (two electric burners, refrigerator, laundry machine). Light bulbs mounted on dimmer. Two velux windows one offering a magnificient view on Montmartre’s Sacré-Coeur, the other a great view on the surrounding neighbourhood and the adjactent building’s roofs. Excellent restaurants of various specialities right down the building (French, Italian, Indian, bistros, Lebanese, Korean), many services (pharmacy, bakery, dry-cleaner, late-night grocery	Charming studio at the last floor (6th) of a 1890 building. 130 sq-ft (12 sqm). Hi speed internet WIFI access, nicely located in a neighbourhood full of activities, very nicely connected to public transportation: subway line 2 (Europe stop), line 3 (Rome stop), line 13 (Liège stop), bus lines 66, 80, 95 (Bucarest and Liège stops), night bus N02 and N15 (Bucarest stop). The neighbourhood and the building are perfectly safe; the studio is luminous and bright! 6th and last floor without elevator, refurbished in 2011 with modern and quality equipments (two electric burners, refrigerator, laundry machine). Light bulbs mounted on dimmer. Two velux windows one offering a magnificient view on Montmartre’s Sacré-Coeur, the other a great view on the surrounding neighbourhood and the adjactent building’s roofs. Excellent restaurants of various specialities right down the building (French, Italian, Indian, bistros, Lebanese, Korean), many services (pharmacy, bakery, dry-cleaner, late-night grocery
17012	Charme, espace, lumière et calme sont les mots clefs de notre appartement.  Idéalement situé et d'une surface de 88 m2, Il s'agit d'un appartement moderne de standing composé d'un grand séjour lumineux qui donne sur la rue et d'une cuisine spacieuse, lumineuse qui donne aussi sur la rue. Les chambres quant à elles sont sur cour et sont très calmes. L'appartement est situé dans une résidence de standing et calme.  Les voyageurs ont accès au logement entier. Nous pouvons échanger avec les voyageurs en Français, en Anglais, en Allemand et en Russe. Le quartier est tout simplement fabuleux, vivant et calme à la fois ce qui est agréable pour se reposer. L'appartement est situé à 2 pas de l'Église Saint-Augustin, du Parc Monceau, de la rue piétonne commerçante de Lévis très animée avec plein de bars et de restaurants. Nous sommes à 5 min du somptueux Musée Jacquemart-André et à quelques minutes à pieds des grands Magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette) et de la place de la Madeleine et de	3-room apartment 88 m2 bright 2 steps of St. Augustine Church and the Parc Monceau. Villers near the shopping district and department stores. Large living room on the street and quiet courtyard in a charming residence.
17013	Suzon, Léon, François et Alban, leurs 2 papas, vous proposent de partager leur appartement d'une surface d'environ 150 m². Celui-ci est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Le logement de type Haussmannien se compose d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, d'un salon, d'une salle à manger de 3 chambres, d'une salle de bains, d'une salle d'eau et d'un WC. Cet appartement est situé dans un immeuble calme, il donne sur une cour et sur une rue peu passagère. Nous mettons à votre disposition une de nos chambres et la salle d'eau attenante et vous proposons de partager le reste de notre logement.	Au cœur du 8ème, proche Grands Magasins, Parc Monceau, Opéra, bel appartement de 150 m² de type purement Haussmannien, à la décoration soignée, chambre et salle d'eau privatives, espaces de vie à partager avec François, Alban et leurs 2 bébés. Suzon, Léon, François et Alban, leurs 2 papas, vous proposent de partager leur appartement d'une surface d'environ 150 m². Celui-ci est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Le logement de type Haussmannien se compose d'une entrée, d'une cuisine, d'un salon, d'une salle à manger de 3 chambres, d'une salle de bains, d'une salle d'eau et d'un WC. Cet appartement est situé dans un immeuble calme, il donne sur une cour et sur une rue peu passagère. Nous mettons à votre disposition une de nos chambres et la salle d'eau attenante et vous proposons de partager le reste de notre logement. Idéalement situé dans le 8ème arrondissement, proche: Parc Monceau, Gare Saint-Lazare, Grands Magasins, Opéra, Madeleine, Rue de Lévis (rue commerçante)... vous bénéficie
17014	For 2 people, ideal to explore Paris, in one of the most beautiful areas, in a small shopping street.  You'll be quiet as it overlooks on a courtyard with a beautiful plant wall. You will arrive in the living room with leather chairs, table, desk, TV, WIFI, dressing, and the kitchen, modern and well equiped (electric hobs, microwave and oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, dishes and food base)  The bedroom with a comfortable double bed, storage.  And a bathroom modern, with sink, WC, washing machine, storage, hairdryer and soap.  	2 steps from the Champs Elysées avenue, this modern 2-rooms of 28m2, located on the 2nd floor (with code, intercom and lift) of a stone building. Rue du Colisée, metro Franklin Roosevelt at 20 meters. You will be delighted. For 2 people, ideal to explore Paris, in one of the most beautiful areas, in a small shopping street.  You'll be quiet as it overlooks on a courtyard with a beautiful plant wall. You will arrive in the living room with leather chairs, table, desk, TV, WIFI, dressing, and the kitchen, modern and well equiped (electric hobs, microwave and oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, dishes and food base)  The bedroom with a comfortable double bed, storage.  And a bathroom modern, with sink, WC, washing machine, storage, hairdryer and soap.  Metro station : Franklin Roosevelt (line 1 and 9) just at the corner of the street.  Linens (sheets, towels…) provided. Final cleaning included.  You will be welcomed on-site by our concierge service who will can organise your arrival 
17015	Its 2 min by walk from the palace of the président And there is all luxury ´s shops	Upsters Hermès and all luxury shops. This luxury appartment with 1 Room , 1 living Room and 1 dining Room , 1 shower room and 1 WC ( seperate )
17016		A 100 m des Champs Elysées, ce lumineux appartement au 4e étage avec ascenseur accueille jusqu’à 5 personnes. La décoration y est moderne avec les reflets de l'ancien : parquet et moulures.
17017		Elegant typical Parisian home. Beautifull bedroom 15sqm in a flat 160sqm/7 rooms to share with 4 roommates: French interior decorator, German Swiss MBA student, Ukrenian it ingeneer and English lawyer. 2 livings, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, kitchen.
17018	A quelques mètres des Champs-Elysées, proche de tous les commerces et transports, notre immeuble se trouve dans une petite rue très calme.	Au 6ème étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien, studio 2 pièces de 22m2 entièrement meublé, digicode, clé d'accès.  Très calme, lumineux, bel vue sur le Tour Eiffel. Lit double 140cmx190cm de grand confort. Coin cuisine, douche, WC, lave-sèche-linge. A quelques mètres des Champs-Elysées, proche de tous les commerces et transports, notre immeuble se trouve dans une petite rue très calme. J'habite dans le même immeuble et je travaille à domicile. Je peux donc vous renseigner au cas où vous ne connaitriez pas bien Paris. A proximité immédiate des Champs-Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, Arc de Triomphe, Le Grand Palais, la Seine ( Les Bateaux Mouche)... Un endroit idéal pour visiter Paris, faire du shopping et se détendre. Metro ligne 1 (station Franklin D Roosevelt), ligne 9 ( station Alma Marceau) Bus (phone number hidden). Au 6ème étage sans ascenseur.
17019	Appartement F3 à louer situé à Paris St Lazare. Cuisine meublée, la salle de bain, toilettes, salon et deux chambres. Un parking couvert. Accès Internet en WIFI compris.	Chambre à louer dans un F3 situé à Paris St Lazare. En plus de la chambre accès à la cuisine meublée, la salle de bain, toilettes et le salon. Accès Internet en WIFI compris. Accès direct à la gare proposant plusieurs lignes de Métro. Appartement F3 à louer situé à Paris St Lazare. Cuisine meublée, la salle de bain, toilettes, salon et deux chambres. Un parking couvert. Accès Internet en WIFI compris. Accès direct à la gare proposant plusieurs lignes de Métro (phone number hidden)...) et RER (E).  Plusieurs commerces à proximité (Epicerie, Monoprix...) ainsi que le Boulevard Haussmann, les Galeries Lafayette, et le Centre Commercial de la Gare ST Lazare. Accès direct à la gare proposant plusieurs lignes de Métro (phone number hidden)...) et RER (E).  
17020	Vue exceptionnel avec terrasse donnant sur la tour Eiffel a 20 mètres du parc monceau résidence surveillé 24H sur 24 par des cameras et vigile L'appartement est uniquement composé de matériel haut de gamme clim(daikin) jaccuzi, tableaux, son multi media partout bose et denon, wifi, fibre optique, deux smart tv, mobiliser sur mesure et lit haut de gamme dépliant. Le confort absolu pour votre séjour.	Situé en plein coeur et dans l'un des quartiers les plus luxueux de Paris avec une vue sur la tour Eiffel cette appartement atypique vous fera découvrir paris sous un autre angle.Le tout entièrement équipé du plus grand confort. Vue exceptionnel avec terrasse donnant sur la tour Eiffel a 20 mètres du parc monceau résidence surveillé 24H sur 24 par des cameras et vigile L'appartement est uniquement composé de matériel haut de gamme clim(daikin) jaccuzi, tableaux, son multi media partout bose et denon, wifi, fibre optique, deux smart tv, mobiliser sur mesure et lit haut de gamme dépliant. Le confort absolu pour votre séjour. tout l'appartement. Je reste a votre disposition pour toute information et service. Le quartier Courcelles avec son par Monceau et ses hôtels de luxe font et son un des quartiers les plus prestigieux de Paris situé en plein coeur de Paris deux pas des champs elysées et de l'avenue hoche. le métro le plus proche est courcelles a 3min a pied Cinq lignes de bus a 3min a
17021		"One room in Bourgeois apartment of 165 sqm in the heart of Paris. 4th floor with elevator. Our apartment is spacious, pleasant, cosy and very clean.  Our district is very ""Paris colours"" during the day, and quiet at night. "
17022		Duplex,chic ,cosy et arty ,avec chambres-suite , totalement rénové , en plein coeur de Paris , à 2 minutes des Champs Élysées , Arc de Triomphe et Parc Monceau . proche des stations de métro ST Philippe du Roule , Charles de Gaule Etoile et Ternes . pour le check in and check out , indiquez votre téléphone mobile ,  date et heure exacte d'arrivée .merci ! locations libres du 10 Juillet au 18 septembre
17023	Dear fellow travellers,  Our Names are Nathia and Jonathan and we are very glad to welcome you in Paris. Our place is a luxurious 860 sqft apartment available for short-term rental, from a few days up to a few weeks in a 19th century building in Pierres de Taille, fitted with an elevator and hardwood floor in all rooms. Very spacious and luminous it is fitted with big windows under a 4m ceiling with gorgeous mouldings. You can also benefit from the balcony where you can have a drink or two!  Our apartment is centrally located just a few blocks from the Champs Elysées and very close from the biggest Paris landmarks: The Seine, the grand Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and the Iconic Eiffel Tower Checks in and checks out times are totally flexible.  	Great apartment, right in the middle of Paris, 150m away from the Champs Elysées, and 5min from the Grand Palais, the Arc de Triomphe, the river Seine and the Eiffel Tower Ideal for a couple looking forward to a romantic  getaway in Paris. Dear fellow travellers,  Our Names are Nathia and Jonathan and we are very glad to welcome you in Paris. Our place is a luxurious 860 sqft apartment available for short-term rental, from a few days up to a few weeks in a 19th century building in Pierres de Taille, fitted with an elevator and hardwood floor in all rooms. Very spacious and luminous it is fitted with big windows under a 4m ceiling with gorgeous mouldings. You can also benefit from the balcony where you can have a drink or two!  Our apartment is centrally located just a few blocks from the Champs Elysées and very close from the biggest Paris landmarks: The Seine, the grand Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and the Iconic Eiffel Tower Checks in and checks out times are totally flexible.  The ap
17024	Appartement trés bien agencé avec une belle hauteur sous plafond. Poutres apparentes, cuisine à l'américaine, salle de bain avec baignoire.  Appartement sur cour donc très calme.	Really good-looking appartment with high ceiling and visible beam. Courtyard view, really quiet and pleasant to live. 2 min walking from the Champs-Elysées, and 3 min from subway's lines 1, 9 and 13. Appartment for 4 people.
17025	Je tiens à préciser que l'appartement a été entièrement rénovée, que les toilettes marchent correctement, La peinture a été refaite et les meubles ont été échangés. A 5 minute a pied des champs elysée cet appartement est idéal pour visiter paris dans les meilleurs conditions.	studio rue mermoz pour 4 personnes comprenant une sale de bain, une cuisine, un canapé lit (2 places) une mezzanine avec un lit (2 places) Je tiens à préciser que l'appartement a été entièrement rénovée, que les toilettes marchent correctement, La peinture a été refaite et les meubles ont été échangés. A 5 minute a pied des champs elysée cet appartement est idéal pour visiter paris dans les meilleurs conditions.
17026	It is an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 1st floor with no elevator and has views on a courtyard. Typically Parisian with its waxed floor, this studio mixes convenience and comfort. The entrance opens up on a small corridor leading on one hand to the bathroom made up of an Italian shower and toilets, and on the other hand to a living room including a fully-equipped kitchenette. There is also a dining area with a dining table for 2. On the lounge side, you will find a 140 cm convertible sofa as well as many storage areas. Finally, the apartment has a natural luminosity thanks to its large windows.	Located in the wonderful neighborhood of the Plaine Monceau, this studio features an ideal layout offering space and intimacy. With all the indispensable equipment, this studio is the perfect place to enjoy a 2-people Parisian trip. It is an old building, typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 1st floor with no elevator and has views on a courtyard. Typically Parisian with its waxed floor, this studio mixes convenience and comfort. The entrance opens up on a small corridor leading on one hand to the bathroom made up of an Italian shower and toilets, and on the other hand to a living room including a fully-equipped kitchenette. There is also a dining area with a dining table for 2. On the lounge side, you will find a 140 cm convertible sofa as well as many storage areas. Finally, the apartment has a natural luminosity thanks to its large windows. Symbol of the Baron Haussmann’s work, the Plaine Monceau gathers the most elegant town houses built at the
17027	50 m² very confortable appartment :  - 1 bedroom with double bed - 1 fully equiped kitchen - 1 large living room with small balcony (for 2 people only) - Bathroom with bath and shower. Seperate toilets. The appartment is new, very weel equiped, confortable and silent. It is idealy located to discover Paris easily, especially for shopping.	50 sq m very confortable appartment for 2 people. Close to Batignolles, Montmarte, Grands Magasins, Opéra and direct tube to St Germain. Perfect for shopping and moving easily in the city. The place is all new, very well equiped and silent. 50 m² very confortable appartment :  - 1 bedroom with double bed - 1 fully equiped kitchen - 1 large living room with small balcony (for 2 people only) - Bathroom with bath and shower. Seperate toilets. The appartment is new, very weel equiped, confortable and silent. It is idealy located to discover Paris easily, especially for shopping. The appertment is very easy to locate. Metro and RER stations are nearby which make kit easy to acces from airports (RER B/Bus) and Gare du Nord (Metro line 2). The building has an elevator and the appartment is at the 2nd appartment.  You must feel home, so just like home, you will have full access to the appartment equipment. As a true parisian, I am very happy to help my guests to have a most enjoyable stay. I w
17028	8e arrondissement Close to Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, shops, cinema ... 	Fully equipped appartment near MontMartre, Place de Clichy and St Lazare. 35m² in a quiet haussmanian building. Possible for 2 people (bedroom separate). 8e arrondissement Close to Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, shops, cinema ... Metro 13 : Liege Metro 3 : Europe Metro 2 : Rome
17029	7BIS RUE DE MONCEAU PARIS 8 safe, chic , calm . UP TO 4 people  2 ROOMS APART : 476 sqft 1 bedroom with large bed  : 1.60x2.00m Queen size bed one comfortable sofa bed : 1.40x2.00m Baby cot bed available Metro: Line 1 : CHARLES DE GAULLE ETOILE/ COURCELLES  RER : Charles de Gaulle ETOILE  Direct Air France bus from Airport Charles de Gaulle or Orly airport : cost :14€  direct bus : 43 to Gare du Nord, Galeries Lafayette-Printemps department stores The apartment is located only a few minutes away from the Champs Elysees Avenue (5 minutes walk), Arc de Triomphe and Parc Monceau. Monuments, walking circuits, shopping, everything one needs is located at walking distance. An ideal place to discover or rediscover the French capital and benefit from all its resources. The Monceau street is ideally located and leads straight to the Champs-Elysees. Located closed to the Arc de Triomphe and Parc Monceau, this apartment is a gift for guests who look for quietness, leisure, boutiques, design, muse	UP TO 4 people  2 ROOMS APART : 476 sqft 1 bedroom with large bed  : 1.60x2.00m Queen size bed one comfortable sofa bed : 1.40x2.00m Baby cot bed available Metro: Line 1 : CHARLES DE GAULLE ETOILE/ COURCELLES  RER : Charles de Gaulle ETOILE 7BIS RUE DE MONCEAU PARIS 8 safe, chic , calm . UP TO 4 people  2 ROOMS APART : 476 sqft 1 bedroom with large bed  : 1.60x2.00m Queen size bed one comfortable sofa bed : 1.40x2.00m Baby cot bed available Metro: Line 1 : CHARLES DE GAULLE ETOILE/ COURCELLES  RER : Charles de Gaulle ETOILE  Direct Air France bus from Airport Charles de Gaulle or Orly airport : cost :14€  direct bus : 43 to Gare du Nord, Galeries Lafayette-Printemps department stores The apartment is located only a few minutes away from the Champs Elysees Avenue (5 minutes walk), Arc de Triomphe and Parc Monceau. Monuments, walking circuits, shopping, everything one needs is located at walking distance. An ideal place to discover or rediscover the French capital and benefit from all it
17030	Cet appartement est unique par sa vue et son emplacement hors du commun. Grande Terrasse avec vue imprenable sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel, le Grand Palais, l'Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame de Paris. Excellent plan: tres beaux volumes. Parquet Moulure cheminées Permet d accueillir facilement 5 personnes KING SIZE BED (180x200cm)  SOFA BED (150x200cm)  SOFA BED (90x200cm) AIR BED (150x200cm) 	"Sublime appartement de 2 pièces (90m2) situé réellement sur les champs Elysées disposant d'une magnifique vue sur Paris, la Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe, le Grand Palais, Notre Dame ... Très beaux volume parquet moulure cheminée. 1 KING SIZE BED 180x200 1 SOFA BED 150x300 1 SOFA BED 90x250 25 m2 Terrasse full south FULL OPTION Cet appartement est unique par sa vue et son emplacement hors du commun. Grande Terrasse avec vue imprenable sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel, le Grand Palais, l'Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame de Paris. Excellent plan: tres beaux volumes. Parquet Moulure cheminées Permet d accueillir facilement 5 personnes KING SIZE BED (180x200cm)  SOFA BED (150x200cm)  SOFA BED (90x200cm) AIR BED (150x200cm) Cuisine équipée,  lave linge séchante miele,  micro-onde miele,  plaque à induction. Café : Magimix Nespresso  Bouilloire Rivera and Bar Machine à laver la vaisselle WIFI dans tous l'appartement haut débit Salon: grande TV Plasma 52"" avec home cinema lecteur DVD et Blueray. (Cable "
17031	As a one-room flat be aware that you will be sleeping in couch (made for daily-use so confortable enough to sleep well). It is fully furnished with dish-washer, cooking tools, brand new oven, a washing machine and Nespresso coffee machine. It is clean and lightful as it is in the 6th floor. Very quite as the neighbourhood are mostly offices. Very cute view on Parisian rooftops For transportation, i would say it is simply the best location in Paris. You go wherever you want in a minimum of time.  It is a must for shopping at Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps Haussman. Place de la Madeleine is famous for concentrating the finest and most exclusive food stores in France. It is an institution. The most prestigious sightseeing are just in the surroundings (place de la Madeleine, place de la Concorde, Avenue des Champs-Elysées, Opéra de Paris, Jardin des Tuileries, Place Vendôme). Perfectly connected! Go anywhere at any time.. I recommend it for peolpe having a short stay in Paris and will	Chaleureux studio tout équipé de 20 m2 situé au 6e étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble de standing à 2 minutes de la Place de La Madeleine et 1 minute des Grands Magasins.
17032	super appartement situé en plein milieu des champs elysées! appartement pouvant accueillir jusqu'a 6 personne  deux vrais lits et deux banquette  avec deux salles de bain entièrement équipés deux grandes tv avec cable et chaines étrangeres tres haut debit fibre optique et tout le nécéssaire pour bien vivre.	jolie appartement situé en plein milieu des champs elysés completement privatif. il est composé d'un grand salon capable d'heberger 4 personne et une chambre privé avec climatiseur et tout le nécessaire. super appartement situé en plein milieu des champs elysées! appartement pouvant accueillir jusqu'a 6 personne  deux vrais lits et deux banquette  avec deux salles de bain entièrement équipés deux grandes tv avec cable et chaines étrangeres tres haut debit fibre optique et tout le nécéssaire pour bien vivre. a tout l'appartement! hesitez pas a me solliciter c'est avec plaisir que je vous aiderai. que dire de l'avenue des champs elysées la plus belle avenue du monde et la plus prestigieuse vous aurez donc ce loisir d'y vivre et de cotoyer paris comme jamais vous l'aurez vécu. métro a deux minutes a pied.
17033	Quiet in a busy district	Two bedrooms 70 sqm apartment parisian style roomy quiet and confortable located on the 5th floor with elevator in a Haussman building next to the Champs Elysées and close to lively Poncelet market street
17034	The flat is ideally located ( at a walking distance from the Parc Monceau and the Champs Elysées), very spacious (it can host up to 6 persons : two king size beds and a large sofa bed) and is furnished in the typical parisian style. It is ideal place to stay for guests coming to visit Paris for a weekend or more.	This high standards parisian flat is located right next to the famous Parc Monceau (5 minutes walk), to the Champs Elysées (15 minutes walk) and is two minutes walk away from the underground (Métro Villiers, Line 2 and 3). It contains a very bright l The flat is ideally located ( at a walking distance from the Parc Monceau and the Champs Elysées), very spacious (it can host up to 6 persons : two king size beds and a large sofa bed) and is furnished in the typical parisian style. It is ideal place to stay for guests coming to visit Paris for a weekend or more. The flat is equipped with WIFI, TV with cable, a washing machine, kitchen equipment (oven, microwave...) and a fully equipped bathroom.  The owner will be here at the guests' arrival to welcome them and answer any possible questions regarding the flat or the neighborhood (closest shops, places to visit in the area...) and will come back at their departure for check out. The neighborhood is very lively (cafés, restaurants, supermar
17035	Appartement Lumineux dernier étage TV Plasma grand écran avec lecteur DVD Connexion Internet haut Débit Tourne disque Cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, four, bouilloire, grille pain, ... Canapé lit disponible pour accueillir deux personnes supplémentaires Salle de bain avec baignoire Toilettes séparées Balcon	Posez vos valises dans ce charmant appartement (35m2) avec balcon Amazing flat with balcony in the heart of Paris : Champs Elysées -Saint Honoré (5 min walking) Appartement Lumineux dernier étage TV Plasma grand écran avec lecteur DVD Connexion Internet haut Débit Tourne disque Cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, four, bouilloire, grille pain, ... Canapé lit disponible pour accueillir deux personnes supplémentaires Salle de bain avec baignoire Toilettes séparées Balcon L'appartement est situé dans l'une des plus prestigieuses rue de Paris (Rue de Courcelles), au pied du magnifique parc Monceau et proche de la place des Ternes qui présente de nombreux commerces (Monoprix, Fnac...). Vous pourrez apprécier la vue sur Montmartre et le Sacré Cœur du balcon. A noter que la place de l'Etoile n'est qu'à 5 minutes de marche ! L'appartement est situé dans l'une des plus prestigieuses rue de Paris (Rue de Courcelles), au pied du magnifique parc Monceau et proche de la place des Ternes qui présent
17036	Located in the heart of Paris' fashion district, you will be surrounded by gorgeous Haute Couture stores and designer, trendy bistros, pastry shops, and gourmet restaurants... and Champs Elysees avenue 2 minutes walking. THE APARTMENT  Located in the fashion area, right between Champs Elysees avenue, and rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, the center of the 8th district of Paris. Located on ground floor, with an open living room, it's perfect for two people, willing to live the vibrant and lush life of this wonderful neighborhood. It has a comfortable bed for two. The kitchen offers a micro-wave oven, a kettle, a coffee maker, a fridge, a washing machine/dryer. It also has a complete set of furniture for a comfortable stay, including plates, cutlery, glasses ... The bathroom includes a shower, a lavatory,  a towel dry...	Located in the heart of Paris' fashion district, the appartement is a very confortable little loft , located near from the Champs-Elysées and Faubourg Saint Honoré street, subways, restaurants, bars, and famous monuments and museums! Located in the heart of Paris' fashion district, you will be surrounded by gorgeous Haute Couture stores and designer, trendy bistros, pastry shops, and gourmet restaurants... and Champs Elysees avenue 2 minutes walking. THE APARTMENT  Located in the fashion area, right between Champs Elysees avenue, and rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, the center of the 8th district of Paris. Located on ground floor, with an open living room, it's perfect for two people, willing to live the vibrant and lush life of this wonderful neighborhood. It has a comfortable bed for two. The kitchen offers a micro-wave oven, a kettle, a coffee maker, a fridge, a washing machine/dryer. It also has a complete set of furniture for a comfortable stay, including plates, cutlery, glasses ...
17037		Dans magnifique immeuble, calme et lumineux, commerces à proximité, parc à deux minutes. Proche Madeleine, Opéra, grands magasins More photos by e-mail Perfect for a romantic and calm stay in Paris / great area near the parc, metro stations nearby.
17038	"In a very chic district (17th ard) close to Pigalle, Montmartre, the Champs-Elysées, Monceau Park. Charming appartment, open kitchen, bar, very nice bathroom. Quiet street (night and day). Close to lot of restaurants, bars, shops, park. Well equiped In a very chic district (17th ard) close to Pigalle, Montmartre, the Champs-Elysées, Monceau Park. Charming appartment, open kitchen, bar, very nice bathroom. Quiet street (night and day). Close to lot of restaurants, bars, shops, park. Well equiped Located in the Batignolles, 17th arrondissement. Charming appartment, one room and one living room, equipped kitchen, very nice Bathroom. 100m from metro station ""Rome"". Quiet area, but very close to Pigalle, Montmartre and the Champs-Elysées Very quiet and at the same time close to everything you would need (supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops,...), close to Opera, Pigalle, Montmartre and lot of touristic place. Metro line 2 is one minute walk.  Metro lines 3 and 13 are 5 to 7-minute walk ! "	In a very chic district (17th ard) close to Pigalle, Montmartre, the Champs-Elysées, Monceau Park. Charming appartment, open kitchen, bar, very nice bathroom. Quiet street (night and day). Close to lot of restaurants, bars, shops, park. Well equiped Very quiet and at the same time close to everything you would need (supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops,...), close to Opera, Pigalle, Montmartre and lot of touristic place. Very well served by public transports. Metro line 2 is one minute walk.  Metro lines 3 and 13 are 5 to 7 minutes walk. Bus lines at less than 100 metres from appartment. Taxis driving around. I have an acoustic chamber to lister to music (compatible with iphones / ipods only) I provide you with fresh towels
17039		"studio refait a neuf a deux pas des Champs Elysée tres securisé ,calme donnant sur cour, proche tous commerce et métro ""George V"", ..idéalement situé"
17040	"The apartment is small but cosy. Its perfect for a young couple or friends. will allow you to enjoy your trip in Paris. You will have an unforgettable trip. You will find yourself in total privacy in order to enjoy your trip in Paris. The Neighbourhood is fantastic. It is very quite and safe, well served by public transportation and has all the shops you need.    Just a few minutes walk you will get to: “rue cler” were you will find a marvellous market were to do your shopping; the church, Starbucks and the post.  The Eiffel tower and its gardens ""le champ de mars"" are just a ten-minute walk from the apartment and the famous street ""Champs Elysées"" will be at 5 minutes wanking from the apartment. The metro number 9 stop just a few minutes from the apartment at ""franklin roosevelt"". Area is great, with lot of restaurants, bars and nice shops.  The appartment is nicely decorated and very cosy. You will feel at home easily.  "	 This newly renovated 1 Bedroom apartment is exceptionally located in the Champs Élysées district. Its just behind the famous Avenue Montaigne and Champs Elysees shopping street with a large choice 
17041	Comfortable 40m2 (430 sq ft.) on 2nd floor of haussmann style building (NO lift). Maximum occupancy = 4 adults + 1 child less than 3 years old (or less than 15 kg).  • Large bedroom with high quality 160x200cm (Queen Size: 65x80 inches) bed and mattress (bed n°1). • Living-room with high quality 160x200cm (Queen Size: 65x80 inches) bed and mattress (bed n°2). • Foldable cot provided (certified for up to 15kg) for a child under 3 years of age (bed n°3). • Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction stove, dishwasher, kettle,...). • Large bathroom with bath tub, shower, 2 sinks, hairdryer. • Separate toilets. • Television and high bandwidth Internet (wired + WiFi). • All bed linen is provided as well as clean fresh towels.	Incredible value for a family! Fully equipped apartment located in distinguished Paris 8th district. Enjoy Paris downtown landmarks, fashion stores (Galleries Lafayette, Printemps, Champs Élysées), theaters, parks, restaurants, monuments...  Comfortable 40m2 (430 sq ft.) on 2nd floor of haussmann style building (NO lift). Maximum occupancy = 4 adults + 1 child less than 3 years old (or less than 15 kg).  • Large bedroom with high quality 160x200cm (Queen Size: 65x80 inches) bed and mattress (bed n°1). • Living-room with high quality 160x200cm (Queen Size: 65x80 inches) bed and mattress (bed n°2). • Foldable cot provided (certified for up to 15kg) for a child under 3 years of age (bed n°3). • Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction stove, dishwasher, kettle,...). • Large bathroom with bath tub, shower, 2 sinks, hairdryer. • Separate toilets. • Television and high bandwidth Internet (wired + WiFi). • All bed linen is provided as well as clean fresh towels. Full privacy: you have 
17042	"Enjoy this nice ""pied-à-terre"", near Champs Elysées with a big terrace, rare opportunity in Paris !"	"This 301 ft2 (28 m2) cozy studio is parallel to Champs Elysées in a quiet street, on the 2nd floor with elevator and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment has a 377ft (35m2) private terrace !  Enjoy this nice ""pied-à-terre"", near Champs Elysées with a big terrace, rare opportunity in Paris ! The apartment will be entirely yours during your stay. I will stay available to provide tips and answer your questions.  Champs Elysees - Alma Marceau is a chic district in the ""triange d'or"" (""golden triangle""). Alma-Marceau is a historic district that has become the place to be seen for stars and young, trendy Parisians. A chic, trendy district in the heart of Paris Halfway between the Champs-Élysées and the Eiffel Tower, Alma-Marceau is now among Paris's most exclusive districts. Stars and businesspeople can be found sipping a coffee or enjoying an after-work drink. Avenue Montaigne is lined with many of the capital's luxury and haute couture boutiques: Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, Nina Ricci, Ch"
17043	Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  Stunning 2 bedroom duplex loft in the quiet courtyard of a beautiful Haussman building. The charm of the old renovated with ground floor living room with a convertible corner sofa bed with kitchen and laundry room and upstairs bedroom with its huge dressing room and shower and toilet. in front of the Parc 	2 bedroom for 4 persons in new full-duplex in front of the Parc Monceau and the Musée Nissim de Camondo, on a quiet courtyard of a superb Haussman building .For 4 people, just a few steps from the subway or Viliers Monceau. Please read carefully the following informations regarding the reservations : - Verified and upgrade profile are required for any confirmation of reservation  - Check in and out time are flexible and depends of the schedule of reservations  - Please mention your arrival and departure time in order to organize the schedule in the best conditions - Mind to give your actual mobile phone number and to stay reachable at this number all along your trip - Prevent as soon as possible in case of late arrival , any unforeseen late arrival superior of 30min will  be charge of 40 euros  -The apartment description is very detailled, please read it totally , then if you need more feel free to ask  Stunning 2 bedroom duplex loft in the quiet courtyard of a beautiful Haussman build
17044	Grand old typical Parisian apartment, with hardwood floors, moldings and 2 fireplaces, 5 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. Our home can accommodate up to 3 adults and 1 children or 2 adults and 2 children and 1 baby. Located in the heart of Paris, you will be close ups Parisian sights. You can easily reach on foot to the Arc de Triomphe, Concorde, the Tuileries, the Grand Palais, the Faubourg Saint Honoré and Avenue Montaigne. You can join by transport in less than 10 minutes the great iconic Paris stores as Printemps and Galeries Lafayette. The apartment is very close to the Elysee Palace, the residence of the President, in a very nice, clean and safe environment.	Beautiful typically Parisian family apartment in 5 minutes walk to the Champs-Elysées. 2 bedrooms (1 double room, 1 bedroom with 1 single bed and a baby bed). Perfect location for a family stay in the heart of Paris. Full equipped for baby. Grand old typical Parisian apartment, with hardwood floors, moldings and 2 fireplaces, 5 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées. Our home can accommodate up to 3 adults and 1 children or 2 adults and 2 children and 1 baby. Located in the heart of Paris, you will be close ups Parisian sights. You can easily reach on foot to the Arc de Triomphe, Concorde, the Tuileries, the Grand Palais, the Faubourg Saint Honoré and Avenue Montaigne. You can join by transport in less than 10 minutes the great iconic Paris stores as Printemps and Galeries Lafayette. The apartment is very close to the Elysee Palace, the residence of the President, in a very nice, clean and safe environment. We welcome you on your arrival and we will give you our best advice and addresses
17045	The apartment is located on the 6th floor of a beautiful building avenue de Wagram , at the Place de l'Etoile You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs , a large buffet design , flat screen TV with international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is independent . It includes all the equipment and appliances you want a washer dryer The bedroom overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet . It consists of a large detachable bed 2 beds if necessary. , bedside  tables , a console and a large closet. The bathroom has a bathtub with shower, washbasin and toilet . The apartment is air conditioned, you have electric heating and a  beautiful wood flooring covers the apartment 	Wonderful apartment, lovely , bright , contemporary, quiet with views of the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées The apartment is located on the 6th floor of a beautiful building avenue de Wagram , at the Place de l'Etoile You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs , a large buffet design , flat screen TV with international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is independent . It includes all the equipment and appliances you want a washer dryer The bedroom overlooks the courtyard and is very quiet . It consists of a large detachable bed 2 beds if necessary. , bedside  tables , a console and a large closet. The bathroom has a bathtub with shower, washbasin and toilet . The apartment is air conditioned, you have electric heating and a  beautiful wood flooring covers the apartment The  location nearby Champs Elysees is a major asset for this apartment and a great advantage:  you are
17046		A very quiet studio, one floor up in a very nicely located residential buliding in one of the safest area in Paris, just infront of the presidential palace.
17047		Un canapé-lit dans un salon lumineux, le tout dans un appartement haussmannien de 65m2 très calme. Nous aurons à partager le salon, la cuisine, salle de bain et WC. Amis des animaux bienvenus, car j'ai un chat et un Cavalier King Charles. Rue très au calme, proche de la gare St Lazare. Le métro le plus proche est la station Rome (5mins). A proximité également du métro Europe (7 mins) et Saint Lazare (15 mins à pieds).
17048		Studio de style entièrement meublé:  - cuisine équipée (four/micro-onde, lave vaisselle, nespresso...).  - TV + wifi gratuit.  - 1 sdb avec douche à l'italienne.  - 1 lit double en mezzanine et un canapé-lit si besoin.  Situé à 2mn des Champs Élysées
17049	"The apartment of 35sqm has 2 main rooms  and can welcome easily 4 people: - A lounge, with a bed sofa  - A bedroom with a double bed A small fully-equipped kitchen (refrigerator,  oven, microwave, coffee machine) completes the apartment. The apartment is also totally equipped: - Internet WiFi - HD TV flat screen with 160 channels - DVD and Blue Ray player  - Washing machine - Hairdryer - ""raclette"" device for winter evenings :) We live in this apartment for 5 years and we like it a lot."	"Pretty apartment on a courtyard, ideally located, close to Champs Elysees and Grands Magasins. Only a few steps from many subways (lines (phone number hidden)), it is a perfect location to visit the city and enjoy Paris by Night!! The apartment of 35sqm has 2 main rooms  and can welcome easily 4 people: - A lounge, with a bed sofa  - A bedroom with a double bed A small fully-equipped kitchen (refrigerator,  oven, microwave, coffee machine) completes the apartment. The apartment is also totally equipped: - Internet WiFi - HD TV flat screen with 160 channels - DVD and Blue Ray player  - Washing machine - Hairdryer - ""raclette"" device for winter evenings :) We live in this apartment for 5 years and we like it a lot. We rent our apartment when we go on holiday. We are not present during the duration of your stay. There will be however always somebody to welcome you and we will be delighted to advise you on places you should visit during your stay. The district of Saint-Lazare is a very cen"
17050	This studio could be rent all the year according availability (for one night, one weekend, one week and so on)  It would be a pleasure to accommodate you If you have any questions or any requests don't hesitate to ask me Located Avenue Marceau, one of the Arc de Triomphe avenue. You are at 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Élysées. The flat is near to Eiffel tower and other places of Tourist from Paris' golden triangle. Available in the street : Bars, restaurants, supermarket (G20), pressing, bakery, pharmacy, shoemaker, Church Avenue Marceau, etc.  Description : A main room (a sofa is convertible) - a high table for diner  -a small table on wheels to moove it during the night  -Kitchenette (fridge, mircronde, oven, nespresso coffee machine , toaster, hotplates) -Bathroom (large shower, toilet, washing machine, dryer) The apartment is also equipped with a flat screen TV + DVD player + a large collection of films . -Balcony with a small breakfast table outside on sunny days	Here is a nice and charming flat for 2 persons just behind the Champs-Elysées and the Effeil Tower.  You will find in my flat as sofa for 3 persons which is convertible. Everything is done to make you live a nice experience. Near to my flay you will find a bakery, a supermarket and everything you need (restaurants, bar etc.). Feel free to ask for further information ! This studio could be rent all the year according availability (for one night, one weekend, one week and so on)  It would be a pleasure to accommodate you If you have any questions or any requests don't hesitate to ask me Located Avenue Marceau, one of the Arc de Triomphe avenue. You are at 5 minutes walk from the Champs-Élysées. The flat is near to Eiffel tower and other places of Tourist from Paris' golden triangle. Available in the street : Bars, restaurants, supermarket (G20), pressing, bakery, pharmacy, shoemaker, Church Avenue Marceau, etc.  Description : A main room (a sofa is convertible) - a high table for diner  
17051	The apartment is very well located near the champs elysees and near the seine river quiet and clear	close to the champs elysées and next to convenient public transportation, close to cinemas, museums and the seine river at Alma. though very quiet and astonishing view on the roofs (5th floor with elevator) The apartment is very well located near the champs elysees and near the seine river quiet and clear all the appartement, with 2 bathrooms, 1 fully equipped kitchen... by email and a note indicating where to find what in the appartement, a list of nice restaurants and where to go shopping
17052	Close to touristic and business places Montmartre, Sacré coeur, Champs Elysées, Opéra, Concorde, Parc Monceau,Saint Lazare railway (email hidden)eatres, bars, restaurant, shops, markets, like a village in the city.This district is totally safe ,dynamic, and charming	Beautiful Studio of 12m2 independent, boulevard of Batignolles, near Champs Elysées, railway station Saint Lazare, Montmartre. Bright and functional.  Lévis market, businesses, restaurants,cafés, bars, subways: Villiers Rome, close to tourist zones . Close to touristic and business places Montmartre, Sacré coeur, Champs Elysées, Opéra, Concorde, Parc Monceau,Saint Lazare railway (email hidden)eatres, bars, restaurant, shops, markets, like a village in the city.This district is totally safe ,dynamic, and charming 6 th floor, small and charming Hausmanian building, with concierge. Greeting and touristic advises Near shops, boutiques, parcs, touristic places, Saint Lazare railway station Métro Villiers , Rome, Europe. Bus (phone number hidden) We speak, french, spanish, english, hebreu, we understand italian and brazilian
17053	A beautiful apartment of 60m2 which can welcome your family for an unforgettable Parisian holiday !	This Haussmann apartment is completed to welcome 4 travelers! Warm, comfortable, totally equipped and at the heart of Paris but in a quiet building, he will allow you to discover our lovely capital in the best conditions! A beautiful apartment of 60m2 which can welcome your family for an unforgettable Parisian holiday ! L'appartement sera à votre entière disposition. A deux pas de la rue de Levie, de ses restaurants, ses magasins et de son ambiance chaleureuse. Mais Aussi à 6 minutes du boulevard Haussman et de l'Opéra Garnier.  Enfin, pour ce qui est des transports en commun, vous êtes servi ! Nous sommes à égale distance entre le métro Villiers, Europe, Saint augustin et Saint Lazare !!Autrement dit, se déplacer dans la capitale sera un vrai jeu d'enfant ! 
17054	Champs Elysees apartment is located in Champs Elysees, which is a street as a symbol representing Paris.Was luxury spacious apartment in one of the most affluent neighborhoods in Paris. It ek	Champs Elysees apartment is located in Champs Elysees, which is a representative street as a symbol of Paris. Appearance has a traditional French architecture and the interior has been recently renov.i Champs Elysees apartment is located in Champs Elysees, which is a street as a symbol representing Paris.Was luxury spacious apartment in one of the most affluent neighborhoods in Paris. It ek
17055	The private courtyard this apartement really is the icing on the cake of this Haussmann apartment. 	"Charming apartment located in one of the most beautiful area of Paris ""Paris 8 ème"". Local shops open all night. Nearby stations Rome(2), Liège(13) and St Lazare(phone number hidden)). Secure building. Ideal for one dynamic person wishing to enjoy all the pleasures of Paris. The private courtyard this apartement really is the icing on the cake of this Haussmann apartment. This is the best location ever!!!  I had a crush on this area which is really close to everything: ""Boulevard Haussmann"" ""Parc Manceau"" ""Place de clichy""... There are small shops nearby open all night. You can access housing with different subway lines as Rome (2) 2 minute walk, Liège (13) 5 minute walk to St Lazare (3) (9), (12) and (13) 15 minutes walk ..."
17056	Amazing & Romantic 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: Madeleine/Haussmann/Champs Elysées. Fully renovated, with state-of-the art equipment. Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 5 to 10 Minutes away from Champs-Élysées, Opéra Haussmann shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps,...), Cafés, restaurants, and the most important a big Monoprix furniture & food store with a bread and cake shop inside,  The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a large Queen Size Bed (1m60) as well as a pull out sofa  suitable for 1 people. The place fits 2 comfortably or 3 cosily! It is fully furnished with  TV, Wi-Fi, LAN Internet, etc... The kitchen is brand new and equiped with washer dryer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. The neighbourhood is mostly residential and 5 minutes from the Department of Homeland Security, so it's safe and quiet. The apartment is a 1 minutes walk to	Amazing & Romantic 35m2 (376 sq ft.) apartment in the heart of Paris: Madeleine/Haussmann/Champs Elysées. Fully renovated, with state-of-the art equipment. Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 5 to 10 Minutes away from Champs-Élysées, Opéra Haussmann shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps,...), Cafés, restaurants, and the most important a big Monoprix furniture & food store with a bread and cake shop inside,  The apartment has a spacious bedroom with a large Queen Size Bed (1m60) as well as a pull out sofa  suitable for 1 people. The place fits 2 comfortably or 3 cosily! It is fully furnished with  TV, Wi-Fi, LAN Internet, etc... The kitchen is brand new and equiped with washer dryer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets, towels and hairdryer. The neighbourhood is mostly residential and 5 minutes from the Department of Homeland Security, so it's safe and quiet. The apartment is a 1 minutes walk to
17057	"High standing flat Place de la Madeleine, with view on the beautiful church of Madeleine.  With access to a restaurant in the building and a Spa.  The 90 m² flat is on the 5th floor with elevator (until the fourth, then you will have to take the stairs).  There is a very beautiful living room with an atypical and attractive decoration.  It very spacious and cosy, you will really like  relaxing in the sofa.    The bedroom can welcome two persons, there is a double bed, you will appreciate it.   The modern and brand new kitchen will provide you everything you could need, there are a microwave, an oven, a washing machine, and a dish machine.  The bathroom is modern and entirely equipped, with a bathroom, and a shower. Adapted to people who like long and relaxing bath or short shower. :) household linen, covers, towels, shampoo, and soap will be provided. The closest metro station is ""Madeleine"" line 8.  This spacious, modern and very welcoming flat is waiting for you!  If you need any oth"	High standing flat Place de la Madeleine, with view on the beautiful church of Madeleine.  On the 5th floor with elevator, after you will have to take the stairs to go to the 6th floor.    High standing flat Place de la Madeleine, with view on the beautiful church of Madeleine.  With access to a restaurant in the building and a Spa.  The 90 m² flat is on the 5th floor with elevator (until the fourth, then you will have to take the stairs).  There is a very beautiful living room with an atypical and attractive decoration.  It very spacious and cosy, you will really like  relaxing in the sofa.    The bedroom can welcome two persons, there is a double bed, you will appreciate it.   The modern and brand new kitchen will provide you everything you could need, there are a microwave, an oven, a washing machine, and a dish machine.  The bathroom is modern and entirely equipped, with a bathroom, and a shower. Adapted to people who like long and relaxing bath or short shower. :) household linen,
17058	This striking apartment is composed of a lovely luminous living space with the dining area located toward the left. The dining area has a large, spacious dining table with chairs and a quaint little console table. Across the room, the living area comprises of a sofa, a TV and coffee table. The windows in the lounge face an impasse; however, it does bring in natural light which compliments the space. On your right, you have a well-equipped kitchen with an electric stove and the pleasure of preparing your meals on smooth, marble countertops. The kitchen has a window which overlooks a beautiful internal courtyard and also aerates the kitchen and adjacent areas. Upon entering the corridor, there are three doors. The first door on your right is a bathroom that has a sink and a large shower. The second door houses a toilet, and the third door is the entrance to one of the three gorgeous bedrooms. It has everything a guest needs to feel at home. It has a large (140cm) double bed, a wardrobe, 	Picturesque apartment situated on the 4th floor of a fully accessible building equipped with elevator. It has 3 charming, crisp coloured bedrooms, a stylish modern bathroom and a little kitchenette, which opens up into the living space. This striking apartment is composed of a lovely luminous living space with the dining area located toward the left. The dining area has a large, spacious dining table with chairs and a quaint little console table. Across the room, the living area comprises of a sofa, a TV and coffee table. The windows in the lounge face an impasse; however, it does bring in natural light which compliments the space. On your right, you have a well-equipped kitchen with an electric stove and the pleasure of preparing your meals on smooth, marble countertops. The kitchen has a window which overlooks a beautiful internal courtyard and also aerates the kitchen and adjacent areas. Upon entering the corridor, there are three doors. The first door on your right is a bathroom th
17059	"One of the most beautiful place in Paris In the heart of ""Triangle D'or"" the golden mine area in Paris. View : Louvre, Notre Dame, Concorde, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Invalides, Pantheon, Jardins de l'Elysées, Tour Eiffel The Appartment is only available a few weeks per year."	"Apartment like a Loft  Full view over all Paris Monuments  and Champs Elysées. 120 sqm Last floor View : Louvre, Notre Dame, Concorde, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Invalides, Pantheon, Jardins de l'Elysées, Tour Eiffel Housekeeping everyday One of the most beautiful place in Paris In the heart of ""Triangle D'or"" the golden mine area in Paris. View : Louvre, Notre Dame, Concorde, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Invalides, Pantheon, Jardins de l'Elysées, Tour Eiffel The Appartment is only available a few weeks per year. Housekeeping included everyday Email Mobile Metro Champs Elysées / Franklin Roosevelt the Appt is only available a few weeks per year "
17060	14m² small autonomous flat. typical Haussman style building.  The flat is located 10m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 300m further along the boulevard de Courcelles. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive. The rented room has a small double bed.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves.  Facilities available to guests include dish set, microwave oven and washing machine, and refrigerator. wifi is NOT installed. I live 50 meters far from the flat (see the 3 other rooms to be rented in my flat/building). We speak French, English, German, Spanish and a little Italian. As a Parisian, I have an extensive knowledge of Paris and ca	positi :  - small price - independant room - 10 meters to a good metro - nice district : calm, classic parisian - 10 minutes to Champs Elysées (Metro line 3 / Bus line 30) - 10 minutes to Opera 14m² small autonomous flat. typical Haussman style building.  The flat is located 10m from Villiers metro station which is on line 2 and 3 – which is only 4 stops to the Arc de Triomphe (Champs Elysées), 6 stations to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) or 4 stations to the Opera. Around the corner Rue des Levis has a permanent market with stalls well away from the usual tourist route. Parc Monceau, one of the best known parks in Paris, is 300m further along the boulevard de Courcelles. Parking in this area can be a problem and somewhat expensive. The rented room has a small double bed.  Cupboard and hanging space is available, as well as a desk and shelves.  Facilities available to guests include dish set, microwave oven and washing machine, and refrigerator. wifi is NOT installed. I live 50 meters far fr
17061	You enter this elegant, calm 2nd floor apartment off rue Chateaubriand in the 8th arrondissement, or quarter, by elevator.  Your door opens into a warm, chic space with ivory-hued décor and furnishings. Immediately you see that the famous Parisian floor-to-ceiling windows look out onto what looks like a grand country estate, with a vast green lawn and faraway stone stronghold drawing the eye far out into the landscape.  Can this be Paris centre ville? Once you've acclimated to that gorgeous view and the unbelievable quiet, you'll note that there's a comfortable bedroom fitted out with luxurious linens.  The sofa in the living room folds out into a single bed for your lucky daughter. The tidy eat-in kitchen is perfect for enjoying your morning pain au chocolat and café, as well as the delectable sundries you'll find in the chic shops and markets in the neighborhood.  Your bathroom is spotless and trimmed out in Parisian comfort as well, with towel warmer and huge tiled shower enclosure.	You enter this elegant, calm apartment in the 8th arrondissement by elevator. Your door opens into a warm, chic space with ivory-hued décor. A comfortable bedroom fitted out with luxurious linens.  The sofa in the living room can become a single bed. You enter this elegant, calm 2nd floor apartment off rue Chateaubriand in the 8th arrondissement, or quarter, by elevator.  Your door opens into a warm, chic space with ivory-hued décor and furnishings. Immediately you see that the famous Parisian floor-to-ceiling windows look out onto what looks like a grand country estate, with a vast green lawn and faraway stone stronghold drawing the eye far out into the landscape.  Can this be Paris centre ville? Once you've acclimated to that gorgeous view and the unbelievable quiet, you'll note that there's a comfortable bedroom fitted out with luxurious linens.  The sofa in the living room folds out into a single bed for your lucky daughter. The tidy eat-in kitchen is perfect for enjoying your morn
17062	This property is well located in the 8e arrondissement , a stone's throw away from the presidential palace Élysée and the fashionable rue Saint-Honoré! This newly renovated high-end appartment is at 20,Rue de la Boetie. A vivid street full of restaurant, boulangeries and convinient stores. Moreover, it is just 50 meters away from the Miromesnil metro station, in a strategical point for visiting all main attractions and streets as Champs Elysées, Saint-Honoré, Avenue Montaigne, Place Concorde, Palais Royale, Louvre, the shopping centers Galerie Lafayette, Printemps and many other points of interest! In the appartment there are two double beds and a very comfortable sofa-bed, in case of more than four guests. The kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, a big fridge, stove oven, microwave and a coffee machine. The bathroom has a shower and in the living room a big Led TV to relax after your sightseeing! The usual check-in is after 14:00 and check-out before 11:00, neve	This property is well located in the 8e arrondissement , a stone's throw away from the presidential palace Élysée and the fashionable rue Saint-Honoré! This newly renovated high-end appartment is at 20,Rue de La Boetie. This property is well located in the 8e arrondissement , a stone's throw away from the presidential palace Élysée and the fashionable rue Saint-Honoré! This newly renovated high-end appartment is at 20,Rue de la Boetie. A vivid street full of restaurant, boulangeries and convinient stores. Moreover, it is just 50 meters away from the Miromesnil metro station, in a strategical point for visiting all main attractions and streets as Champs Elysées, Saint-Honoré, Avenue Montaigne, Place Concorde, Palais Royale, Louvre, the shopping centers Galerie Lafayette, Printemps and many other points of interest! In the appartment there are two double beds and a very comfortable sofa-bed, in case of more than four guests. The kitchen is fully equipped with washing machine, dishwasher,
17063	This apartment is appreciated for his chic decoration in a very convenient neighbourhood where a car is really not necessary. By walk you can easily go to the Champs-Elysées, Opéra, Avenue Montaigne, Place de la Concorde and good museums. By metro you have 4 lines: @ from Madeleine, -line 8 to go to Invalides or Opera.                            -line 12 to go  direct to Porte de Versailles or to Montmartre                            -line 14 to go direct to Gare de Lyon station                    @ from Havre-Caumartin, line 9 to go to Trocadero, Champs-Elysées and Grands Boulevards. By bus, 80, 95 and some more... There is good restaurants close by at la Madeleine, around Bd Haussmann and on rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré. You will find a brochure with all the exhibition restaurants and bars details inside the flat. The apartment has a very french chic decoration with good materials, a very good and large bed, many cupboards, a full equipped kitchen, an easy and convenient shower room.	This apartment is appreciated for his chic decoration in a very convenient neighbourhood where a car is really not necessary. By walk you can easily go to the Champs-Elysées, Opéra, Avenue Montaigne, Place de la Concorde and good museums. By metro you have 4 lines: @ from Madeleine, -line 8 to go to Invalides or Opera.                            -line 12 to go  direct to Porte de Versailles or to Montmartre                            -line 14 to go direct to Gare de Lyon station                    @ from Havre-Caumartin, line 9 to go to Trocadero, Champs-Elysées and Grands Boulevards. By bus, 80, 95 and some more... There is good restaurants close by at la Madeleine, around Bd Haussmann and on rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré. You will find a brochure with all the exhibition restaurants and bars details inside the flat. The apartment has a very french chic decoration with good materials, a very good and large bed, many cupboards, a full equipped kitchen, an easy and convenient shower room.
17064	Bright flat, in a quiet street, with one comfortable bedroom, separate from kitchen area and living room, convenient bathroom with shower. Nice place to live, you can easily find lot of shops, creators of accessories, jewels and clothes . The supermarket is open every day just around the corner. Numerous trendy bars and restaurants are worth checking out in the area, and will delight the papillae of the gourmands and the connoisseurs of good wine. You are juste 10 minutes away from Montmartre by foot and two metro stations are 50 meters away (place de clichy, la fourche).  	Bright flat, in a quiet street, with one comfortable bedroom, separate from kitchen area and living room, convenient bathroom with shower. Nice place to live, you can easily find lot of shops, creators of accessories, jewels and clothes . The supermarket is open every day just around the corner. Numerous trendy bars and restaurants are worth checking out in the area, and will delight the papillae of the gourmands and the connoisseurs of good wine. You are juste 10 minutes away from Montmartre by foot and two metro stations are 50 meters away (place de clichy, la fourche).  
17065	Well equipped loft near Champs Elysées. It has 2 levels, on the 1st level you have the equipped kitchen with all the fourniture, the sofa bed (which is the 1st place for slipping), the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels, the convertible table in glass, than the shower room, the sauna, the room of fitness which can be used as the 2nd room for slipping and many places to store many things with also the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels. Than on the 2nd floor, you have the bath room with a big jacuzzi and the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels and the washing machine and the dryer, than you have the sleeping room with a big bed for two persons and the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels. On the 1st and 2nd floor, you have climatisation. Our loft is very compfortable and sunny.	Très beau loft pour 6 personnes avec tout équipement: 2 salles de bains, espace musculation, sauna, jaccuzi, 4 TV,  à côté des Champs Elysées, des boutiques de luxe et métro. Wonderful well equipped duplex for 6 persons with 2 bathrooms, sauna, jacuzzi, 4 TV, near Champs Elysées and the métro. Well equipped loft near Champs Elysées. It has 2 levels, on the 1st level you have the equipped kitchen with all the fourniture, the sofa bed (which is the 1st place for slipping), the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels, the convertible table in glass, than the shower room, the sauna, the room of fitness which can be used as the 2nd room for slipping and many places to store many things with also the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign channels. Than on the 2nd floor, you have the bath room with a big jacuzzi and the last television with the DVD drive and the TV decoder for the French et foreign chan
17066	entirely restructured studio in March 2015, on the Place de la Madeleine. Very cosy, comfortable, bright, well equiped.	It is a very lovely (restructured in March 2015), quiet (double glazing), clean and super comfortable small apartment (25 M2), perfect for a couple or a single traveler; perfectly situated ON the place de la Madeleine. Perfect location. entirely restructured studio in March 2015, on the Place de la Madeleine. Very cosy, comfortable, bright, well equiped. Studio entirely for the guests.  Please note the studio is at the 6th floor without lift ! But the studio is beautiful!
17067	Cette location de vacances est située dans le quartier des Champs Elysées et de la rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, à quelques pas de la plus belle avenue du monde. Dans ce quartier que tous les touristes du monde apprécient, vous trouverez les plus grands restaurants (Fouquet's, Ladurée...) des boites de nuit très VIP (L'Etoile, Le Baron, Le Queen...) , des magasins de toutes sortes pour faire votre shopping (Le magnifique Virgin Mégastore, Séphora où vous trouverez tous les parfums...), les plus grandes marques de luxe (Vuitton, Lanvin, Guerlain, Hermès, Cartier...). Cette location de vacances des Champs Elysées est très agréable à vivre (marché dans rue piétonne). Le studio est entièrement aménagé. Cela vous permet de vivre comme chez vous durant votre séjour dans l'un des quartiers les plus chics de paris. Nombre de personnes max: 2  Adresse: 36 avenue de Wagram - 75008 Paris  Surface habitable : 9 m2 Etage : 7 ascenseur jusqu'au 6e  Métro: Métro Etoile (ligne 1) - Métro Ternes (ligne	Cette location de vacances est située dans le quartier des Champs Elysées et de la rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, à quelques pas de la plus belle avenue du monde. Dans ce quartier que tous les touristes du monde apprécient, vous trouverez les plus grands restaurants (Fouquet's, Ladurée...) des boites de nuit très VIP (L'Etoile, Le Baron, Le Queen...) , des magasins de toutes sortes pour faire votre shopping (Le magnifique Virgin Mégastore, Séphora où vous trouverez tous les parfums...), les plus grandes marques de luxe (Vuitton, Lanvin, Guerlain, Hermès, Cartier...). Cette location de vacances des Champs Elysées est très agréable à vivre (marché dans rue piétonne). Le studio est entièrement aménagé. Cela vous permet de vivre comme chez vous durant votre séjour dans l'un des quartiers les plus chics de paris. Nombre de personnes max: 2  Adresse: 36 avenue de Wagram - 75008 Paris  Surface habitable : 9 m2 Etage : 7 ascenseur jusqu'au 6e  Métro: Métro Etoile (ligne 1) - Métro Ternes (ligne
17068	This cozy love nest on the Champs Elysee allow you to enjoy the nightlife of Paris.  Fully renovated and fully equipped you can come relax in this cozy apartment after a day on one of the most beautiful avenue in the world  Come and enjoy your stay!	This cozy love nest on the Champs- Elysées allow you to enjoy the nightlife of Paris. Fully renovated and fully equipped  you can come relax in this cozy apartment and feel like home! This cozy love nest on the Champs Elysee allow you to enjoy the nightlife of Paris.  Fully renovated and fully equipped you can come relax in this cozy apartment after a day on one of the most beautiful avenue in the world  Come and enjoy your stay! Champs Elysées Metro Franklin Roosevelt St Philippe du Roule
17069	"Greatly located fully-furnished apartment. Champs Elysées. Cozy apartment with apparent beams in the very center of Paris! Very charming fully furnished studio - extremely well located 100m from Champs Elysees: - EXCELLENT location (extremely central & safe area) - less than a minute walk to Franklin Roosvelt metro station (Line 1&9) and many bus stations - Very close to the main touristic sites, to all facilities such as restaurants, shops, services, clubs and bars. - Surface Area : 27 sqm, ideal for a couple and can accomodate upto 3 persons - Kitchen separated from main room - Spacious and clean bathroom - Separate small room for washing machine and storage - New furniture, clean and neat - 32"" Flat screen (with cable), Internet WIFI, phone (unlimited to the US and canada: mobile+landline, unlimited calls to landlines to a list of 100 countries), microwave, washing machine, safety box, double sized bed and 1 convertible sofa... - Linen, towels provided. For more information/photos p"	"Greatly located fully-furnished apartment. Champs Elysées. Cozy apartment with apparent beams in the very center of Paris! Greatly located fully-furnished apartment. Champs Elysées. Cozy apartment with apparent beams in the very center of Paris! Very charming fully furnished studio - extremely well located 100m from Champs Elysees: - EXCELLENT location (extremely central & safe area) - less than a minute walk to Franklin Roosvelt metro station (Line 1&9) and many bus stations - Very close to the main touristic sites, to all facilities such as restaurants, shops, services, clubs and bars. - Surface Area : 27 sqm, ideal for a couple and can accomodate upto 3 persons - Kitchen separated from main room - Spacious and clean bathroom - Separate small room for washing machine and storage - New furniture, clean and neat - 32"" Flat screen (with cable), Internet WIFI, phone (unlimited to the US and canada: mobile+landline, unlimited calls to landlines to a list of 100 countries), microwave, wash"
17070	The perfect place to have access to all the touristic areas of Paris. 2minutes walk from the famous champs elysees. A block away from the presidential residence, the area is by default very secure.  In the very heart of Paris, the building is a ''haussmannien'' type, very luxurious with marble stair case. The building also has an elevator, to take you to the 2ed floor of this beautifully styled building where lies the Nest.  A studio of 25m2 on the bottom level which is composed of a living room with a sofa, a mini kitchen space and a bathroom with a toilet and bath tub.  Above all that is a mezzanine, where you can find a sleeping area for 2, with a cupboard in which you can stock your clothes. In this location, you are half way between the Champs Elysees and Opera Garnier - Galleris lafayette & le printemps (famous retailers) - Madeleine church - Le jardin des tuileries. The Beauty of it is that all the main touristic spots in the heart of Paris are one next to the other, and thus, n	The perfect place to have access to all the touristic areas of Paris. 2minutes walk from the famous champs elysees. A block away from the presidential residence, the area is by default very secure.  In the very heart of Paris, the building is a ''haussmannien'' type, very luxurious with marble stair case. The building also has an elevator, to take you to the 2ed floor of this beautifully styled building where lies the Nest.  A studio of 25m2 on the bottom level which is composed of a living room with a sofa, a mini kitchen space and a bathroom with a toilet and bath tub.  Above all that is a mezzanine, where you can find a sleeping area for 2, with a cupboard in which you can stock your clothes. In this location, you are half way between the Champs Elysees and Opera Garnier - Galleris lafayette & le printemps (famous retailers) - Madeleine church - Le jardin des tuileries. The Beauty of it is that all the main touristic spots in the heart of Paris are one next to the other, and thus, n
17071	Welcome to your cozy Parisian home away from home! This apartment is located very close to the Champs Elysees, one of the most famous streets not only in Paris, but the world! The living has especially table and chair, sofa with coffee table, TV, coffee machine (nespresso). Th bedroom has a double bed. The kitchen has a small refrigerator, sink, oven and electric kettle. Dishes, cutlery, cooking utensils, and pots and pans are provided. The bathroom has a shower, sink, toilet and washer/dryer. The neighborhood is very safe and located close to public transportation (buses, metro) and rental bicycles (Velib). You are situated close to the Champs Elysees, as well as rue du Faubourg St. Honore, both very famous for shopping, restaurants, and people-watching. 	A
17072	In central Paris, Europe district, next to the Galeries Lafayettes, the Opéra and Madeleine district. we offer an outstanding family flat, capacity: 5 rooms, on 160m², entry, 1 big living room, 1 dinning room, 1 equiped kitchen; 3 double rooms, 1 bathrom, 1 showerroom, 2 toilets, 1 dressingroom. Cleaning service available on demand. Long balcony facing southwest. Wifi access, TV cable, stereo, Erard baby grand piano.  French fine and elegant decoration, specially cosy. Ideal for a family stay, or a stay with friends, and for receptions. Easy connexions to the main tourist sites:  Subway: stations Europe-line3, Liège-line13, Rome-line 2 Bus lines: (phone number hidden) Railway: Saint Lazare Station (Versailles)	In central Paris, Europe district, next to the Galeries Lafayettes, the Opéra and Madeleine district. we offer an outstanding family flat, capacity: 5 rooms, on 160m², entry, 1 big living room, 1 dinning room, 1 equiped kitchen; 3 double rooms, 1 bathrom, 1 showerroom, 2 toilets, 1 dressingroom. Cleaning service available on demand. Long balcony facing southwest. Wifi access, TV cable, stereo, Erard baby grand piano.  French fine and elegant decoration, specially cosy. Ideal for a family stay, or a stay with friends, and for receptions. Easy connexions to the main tourist sites:  Subway: stations Europe-line3, Liège-line13, Rome-line 2 Bus lines: (phone number hidden) Railway: Saint Lazare Station (Versailles)
17073	DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE STUDIO EQUIPMENT • LCD • Cable TV • DSL / Internet • Shower • Microwave • Hot plates • Refrigerator • Coffee • Kettle • Toaster • Closets • Wardrobe ROOM TO LIVE Wooden floor Sofa bed (sleeping excellent 140 x 200) American bar and two stools Bedside lamp Clock Heating Candlelight ... HOUSEHOLD Crockery and Cutlery The Champs Elysees apartment was completely renovated recently. It is located on the 3rd floor of typical building, a traditional Parisian building (with a secure access control / digital lock 2, + guardian). The Arc de Triomphe apartment enjoys an exceptional location, as just 200 m from the monumental Arc de Triomphe, the starting point for a break on the Champs Elysées! The fully equipped kitchen, you can prepare your favorite dishes can be enjoyed at the table A large desk will allow you to enjoy your meal or drink a glass of wine with friends. You'll enjoy the LCD TV or wireless Internet access in the comfort of the couch (which has two beds)	Come and stay few days in this apartment in Paris, featuring modern audio-visual equipment so you can relax at home between visits to the capital.  DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE STUDIO EQUIPMENT • LCD • Cable TV • DSL / Internet • Shower • Microwave • Hot plates • Refrigerator • Coffee • Kettle • Toaster • Closets • Wardrobe ROOM TO LIVE Wooden floor Sofa bed (sleeping excellent 140 x 200) American bar and two stools Bedside lamp Clock Heating Candlelight ... HOUSEHOLD Crockery and Cutlery The Champs Elysees apartment was completely renovated recently. It is located on the 3rd floor of typical building, a traditional Parisian building (with a secure access control / digital lock 2, + guardian). The Arc de Triomphe apartment enjoys an exceptional location, as just 200 m from the monumental Arc de Triomphe, the starting point for a break on the Champs Elysées! The fully equipped kitchen, you can prepare your favorite dishes can be enjoyed at the table A large desk will allow you to enjoy y
17074	1 grand salon lumineux avec 4 fenêtres donnant sur une rue piétonne calme Une décoration raffinée et design 1 cuisine séparée et totalement équipée 1 chambre spacieuse avec salle de bain en marbre équipée d'une baignoire (sèche cheveux disponible) Toilettes séparées Rue piétonne fermée la nuit pour plus de calme, accès de l'immeuble sécurisé 	1 grand salon lumineux avec 4 fenêtres donnant sur une rue piétonne calme Une décoration raffinée et design 1 cuisine séparée et totalement équipée 1 chambre spacieuse avec salle de bain en marbre équipée d'une baignoire (sèche cheveux disponible) Toilettes séparées Rue piétonne fermée la nuit pour plus de calme, accès de l'immeuble sécurisé L'ensemble du logement est mis à disposition Une bibliothèque est à votre disposition pour vous aider à organiser votre séjour Une rue piétonne calme avec des commerces de proximité (Chanel, Agatha, Dior, Guy Degrenne, ...) Pour une découverte de Paris, la plupart de vos activités sont accessible à pied Localisation au centre des plus beaux monuments de paris (Champs Elysée, Concorde, Opéra, Vendôme, Montmatre, ...) et de grands musées (Grand Palais, Grévin, Louvre, ...) La quasi totalité des lignes de métro de Paris sont à moins de 10 minutes de l'appartement 3 stations de velib à 2 min de l'appartement
17075	Grand studio meublé de 35m² dans le 17ème arr. de Paris. Il est calme, propre et bien situé : à 2min du métro Ternes, des bus et de nombreux commerce, mais aussi des champs Elysées. Le quartier est très équipé:  - 3 super-marchés en bas  - marché quotidien  - plusieurs restaurants ( français, italien, thaïlandais, chinois, japonais) ouverts jusqu'à 3 heures du matin.  - Magasins  - Plusieurs brasseries, salon de thé, Buraliste.  - McDonalds et Quick à 4 minutes ouverts jusqu'à 2h du matin.  - Nombreux parkings. Accès:  Au tout début de la rue des Renaudes,  - Métro Ternes (ligne 2) situé à 30 mètres  - Nombreux bus desservant l'ensemble des arrondissements de Paris.  Proche Arc de triomphe, champs Elysées, Porte maillot et palais des congrès et avenue des Ternes. En métro, à :  - 1 minute de charles de gaules étoile  - 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel  - 10 minutes de Montmartre A pied, à:  - 4 minutes de l'Arc de triomphe  - 4 minutes des champs élysées Pièce principale : canapé convertib	Grand studio meublé de 35m² dans le 17ème arr. de Paris. Il est calme, propre et bien situé : à 2min du métro Ternes, des bus et de nombreux commerce, mais aussi des champs Elysées. Le quartier est très équipé:  - 3 super-marchés en bas  - marché quotidien  - plusieurs restaurants ( français, italien, thaïlandais, chinois, japonais) ouverts jusqu'à 3 heures du matin.  - Magasins  - Plusieurs brasseries, salon de thé, Buraliste.  - McDonalds et Quick à 4 minutes ouverts jusqu'à 2h du matin.  - Nombreux parkings. Accès:  Au tout début de la rue des Renaudes,  - Métro Ternes (ligne 2) situé à 30 mètres  - Nombreux bus desservant l'ensemble des arrondissements de Paris.  Proche Arc de triomphe, champs Elysées, Porte maillot et palais des congrès et avenue des Ternes. En métro, à :  - 1 minute de charles de gaules étoile  - 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel  - 10 minutes de Montmartre A pied, à:  - 4 minutes de l'Arc de triomphe  - 4 minutes des champs élysées Pièce principale : canapé convertib
17076	Lovely apartment with exposed beams, two floors, one underground with a nice outdoor courtyard equipped with table and chairs. Really well located in Paris, in the 17th district, it is quiet and secure, andideal for a couple who wants to visit Paris for a few days or weeks. Great transport service, two minutes walk from “Courcelles” metro station on line 2, Bus, bike and taxi station.  You’ll be in the center of Paris in no time. Just 10 mn from the Champs-Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Sacrée cœur. 	Lovely apartment 45m² really well located in Paris, in the 17th district. Great transport service, 10 minutes walk from Champs Elysées, the Arc de Triomphe and the Sacrée Cœur. Lovely apartment with exposed beams, two floors, one underground with a nice outdoor courtyard equipped with table and chairs. Really well located in Paris, in the 17th district, it is quiet and secure, andideal for a couple who wants to visit Paris for a few days or weeks. Great transport service, two minutes walk from “Courcelles” metro station on line 2, Bus, bike and taxi station.  You’ll be in the center of Paris in no time. Just 10 mn from the Champs-Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Sacrée cœur. The apartment is fully equipped and features : - Door code -WIFI connection available in the apartment  -Kitchen with a large counter with oven, microwave, fridge, washing machine, dishes and baking sheets. -Living room with a sofa  -Nice an clean bathroom with a bathtub -Nice room with double bed and large cupboards with
17077	In front of  the main entrance to The Élysée Palace which is the official residence of the President of the French Republic.  You will stay in the most secure and safe area of Paris, The Élysée Palace and surrounding area is guarded and observed 24\7. Our building is constructed in a traditional Haussmann's style. It is a very special, harmonic architecture style, characterized among other things with beautiful lacy balconies of the buildings dated the epoch of Napoleon III and Baron Haussmann.  Magnificent building entrance with 2 doors is decorated with marble, there is an interphone, lift. It is a very spacious apartment of 70 sq.m. (753 sq ft.), furnished with immaculate style, full of natural light, ceilings are decorated with fretwork and there is a French balcony at your disposal.  The place fits 5 very comfortably!  Bedroom:  large Queen Size Bed and  clothing rack Living room : leather double sofa bed (convertible) and single sofa bed, dining table for 6 persons, TV, Wi-Fi. Fu	The apartment is situated in the most prestigious and central neighbourhood of Paris. You will be pleasantly surprised to find the location of our place – it is on the cross of the streets Miromesnil and Faubourg Saint - Honoré. In front of  the main entrance to The Élysée Palace which is the official residence of the President of the French Republic.  You will stay in the most secure and safe area of Paris, The Élysée Palace and surrounding area is guarded and observed 24\7. Our building is constructed in a traditional Haussmann's style. It is a very special, harmonic architecture style, characterized among other things with beautiful lacy balconies of the buildings dated the epoch of Napoleon III and Baron Haussmann.  Magnificent building entrance with 2 doors is decorated with marble, there is an interphone, lift. It is a very spacious apartment of 70 sq.m. (753 sq ft.), furnished with immaculate style, full of natural light, ceilings are decorated with fretwork and there is a Frenc
17078	Luxurious apartment 2 bed rooms, near Arc de Triomphe, 3 min Champs Elysées, facing the Parc Monceau - It is equipped 1 living room with a dining room for up to 8 people with TV and DVD, and I pod and I pad acces, I reception area with a long gallerie  Your dream becomes reality, living in one of a great apartment with classic features such has parquet floor and large French windows. This luxurious apartment will be your home for as long as you wish. The housekeeper will allow you to forget any effort to maintain the apartment, you will enjoy your holiday and live the ultra exclusive experience of a unique and elegant interior. Rent of MINIMUM 3 nights during the week end or during the week.  Location's main pluses  -Easy sightseeing : close to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe  -Commercial neighborhood: within numerous cafes and restaurants  -Safe neighborhood, .  More details on the flat : 2 Bedrooms, one King & one Queen Size Beds + 2 pers in the living room  - Linens and towels are p	. Luxurious apartment 2 bed rooms, near Arc de Triomphe, 3 min Champs Elysées, facing the Parc Monceau - It is equipped 1 living room with a dining room for up to 8 people with TV and DVD, and I pod and I pad acces, I reception area with a long gallerie  Your dream becomes reality, living in one of a great apartment with classic features such has parquet floor and large French windows. This luxurious apartment will be your home for as long as you wish. The housekeeper will allow you to forget any effort to maintain the apartment, you will enjoy your holiday and live the ultra exclusive experience of a unique and elegant interior. Rent of MINIMUM 3 nights during the week end or during the week.  Location's main pluses  -Easy sightseeing : close to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe  -Commercial neighborhood: within numerous cafes and restaurants  -Safe neighborhood, .  More details on the flat : 2 Bedrooms, one King & one Queen Size Beds + 2 pers in the living room  - Linens and towels are
17079	Studio de 20m2 équipé avec un canapé lit convertible 2 (website hidden) avec cable et réseau Wifi Kitchette séparée avec 2 plaques à induction et mini frigo. Machine Nespresso avec capsules. Salle de Bain avec douche et WC. Serviettes fournies Machine à laver. Typicall small apartment in Paris (20m2) with 1 main room with convertible sofa (for 2 people) Small Kitchen with fridge, coffee machine (Nespresso), electric oven Bathroom with shower and WC towels Washing machine 	Charmant Studio clair de 20m2 situé à 30 secondes des Champs Elysées. Pièce principale avec canapé convertible 2 places. Equipé kitchenette et salle de bain. Emplacement central, proche de tous commerces, bars , resto et métros. Idéal couple. Lovely and Typicall small flat near from Champs ELysées (30 secondes). Main room with convertible sofa (2 persons) + Kitchen + bathroom Well located: near from Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Effeil Tower (15 mn), Musée du Louvres, Petits/Grand Palais Studio de 20m2 équipé avec un canapé lit convertible 2 (website hidden) avec cable et réseau Wifi Kitchette séparée avec 2 plaques à induction et mini frigo. Machine Nespresso avec capsules. Salle de Bain avec douche et WC. Serviettes fournies Machine à laver. Typicall small apartment in Paris (20m2) with 1 main room with convertible sofa (for 2 people) Small Kitchen with fridge, coffee machine (Nespresso), electric oven Bathroom with shower and WC towels Washing machine Metro L.1 Georges V ou Charles de G
17080		Studio en très bon état dans le 8ème arrondissement, idéal pour des vacances à Paris.A deux pas de Champs Élysées! 5min au métro George V! De 20 mai au 29 mai inclus.
17081		"Our apartment is on the fourth floor (the fifth American floor) of a beautiful mid-nineteenth century Haussmannien building. The apartment gets a lot of natural daylight and is very quiet. There is an elevator for your use. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. Our apartment is located in the fashionable Eighth Arrondissement, in the heart of the ""Europe"" district. Developed in the middle of the 19th century, this quartier was a favorite subject of many Impressionist painters. Our building, 3, rue Clapeyron, appears in the famous painting by Gustave Caillebotte called ""Paris Street, Rainy Day"". The view outside the main windows is a classic Parisian vista of Haussmannien façades, and below, you can see Place de Dublin with its many trees and cafés, bakeries and other small shops. Our apartment is located on a quiet street in a typically residential, very untouristy, Parisian neighborhood. At the same time"
17082	Newly renovated classic apartment right off the Champs Elysees. Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment (3rd floor) with all commodities. In a period residence with a beautiful historical courtyard is our newly renovated unit with all the comfort you could be hoping to find: open kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, oven, big fridge/freezer, cable tv, big screen, washing machine/dryer, anticondensation bathroom mirror and telephone with free calls to the US and many other destinations. Can sleep up to 4 thanks to the comfy sofa bed in the living room. This is our home and we chose everything carefuly to feel good in it. We hope you'll feel the same! Any questions, please ask :-)	Beautiful newly renovated classic 1 bedroom apartment right off the Champs Elysees with all comodities Newly renovated classic apartment right off the Champs Elysees. Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment (3rd floor) with all commodities. In a period residence with a beautiful historical courtyard is our newly renovated unit with all the comfort you could be hoping to find: open kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, oven, big fridge/freezer, cable tv, big screen, washing machine/dryer, anticondensation bathroom mirror and telephone with free calls to the US and many other destinations. Can sleep up to 4 thanks to the comfy sofa bed in the living room. This is our home and we chose everything carefuly to feel good in it. We hope you'll feel the same! Any questions, please ask :-) Living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, wc. Only the room of our son is not available. We are available by email / sms for further information: apartment, good addresses, restaurants, sightseeing, shopping, transport. W
17083	Ce logement est idéal pour les weekend touristiques à Paris ! Idéalement placé, il vous offre tout le confort et les équipements nécessaire pour passer le plus agréable des séjours.  Envoyez moi un message et je vous enverrai toutes les photos.  Il est situé au 8ème étage sans ascenseur et vous offre une vue sur les toits de Paris.  Il est également parfait pour les étudiants qui veulent passer quelque jours à Paris.	Petit appartement à 5 minutes des champs Elysées et de l'Arc de Triomphe. Juste derrière l’hôtel Monceau. Chambre avec deux lits séparés.  - Environ 20 m²  - Cuisine, Chambre, salle de bain et petit séjour. Toilettes sur le palier. Ce logement est idéal pour les weekend touristiques à Paris ! Idéalement placé, il vous offre tout le confort et les équipements nécessaire pour passer le plus agréable des séjours.  Envoyez moi un message et je vous enverrai toutes les photos.  Il est situé au 8ème étage sans ascenseur et vous offre une vue sur les toits de Paris.  Il est également parfait pour les étudiants qui veulent passer quelque jours à Paris. Vous aurez accès à tout mon logement (24m2 + toilettes PRIVES sur palier). Un petit salon/cuisine avec possibilité de faire un lit deux places, petite chambre avec lit une place (au total, trois lits une place) et une petite salle de bain ! Très propre.  Métro Champs Elysées Clémenceau à 5min ! Bus en bas de l'immeuble. Je suis disponible pour v
17084		85 m2 appartment located in center of Paris, walking distance to prestigious department stores (Galeries Lafayette...) Museums  (Louvre, Orangerie...) or Champs Elysées. The appartment is composed by : - 1 bedroom with king size bed + 1 additional double bed possible - a double living and dining room  - kitchen and bathroom well equiped.
17085	55 m2, 1 open space living room with TV & Internet, 1 bedroom, 1 fullyequiped kitchen, 1 bathroom with a bathtub, 1 separated toilets	Nice apartment with open space, big windows and lots of light/sun during the day. Charming hardwood floors, high ceilings and old fashion fireplaces in the living/bedroom. Ideal location,  central but quiet. A typical charming Parisian feel to it! 55 m2, 1 open space living room with TV & Internet, 1 bedroom, 1 fullyequiped kitchen, 1 bathroom with a bathtub, 1 separated toilets We'll be very happy to assist you in any way we can! Please do ask! Nice and quiet, very convenient central.  Several supermarkets and boulangeries nearby, and a typical parisian foodmarket 3min away on saturday mornings ;) Pigalle and its Moulin Rouge are than 10min away walking (or direct in metro) Lovely Parc Monceau is 10 minutes away walking Opera & Paris most famous Department stores like Galleries Lafayette are less than 15min away walking (or direct in metro) Montmartre is 15 minutes away walking Champs Elysees are less than 10 minutes away in metro (direct) Lively neighborhood of Oberkampf is less han 
17086	The location more than anything is what I like about my flat with the district which is calm but close to everything in Paris. 	30m2 Apartment situated in the 8th district of Paris, 15 minutes walk from Champs Elysees, 10 min from Grands Magasins,which can contain 4 people. 1 Bedroom, 1 Living Room with sofa bed, 1 kitchen, Bathroom and balcony : all you need to enjoy Paris!
17087	Amazing two rooms apartment with wooden floor and visible bricks. You will enjoy a furnished kitchen, a separate dining room, one living room with a convertible sofa. There is one separate bedroom and a bathroom. This very cozy apartment can fit for two people as well as for four. You will for sure feel good in there!!	Two rooms apartment with exposed bricks, cozy, welcoming and typical! Can fit for four people, and has a very good location, in a quiet street at only two minutes by walk from the Champs Elysées (closed to two metro stations)!! Amazing two rooms apartment with wooden floor and visible bricks. You will enjoy a furnished kitchen, a separate dining room, one living room with a convertible sofa. There is one separate bedroom and a bathroom. This very cozy apartment can fit for two people as well as for four. You will for sure feel good in there!! Metro ligne 1 Champs-Elysees Metro ligne 9 Franklin Roosevelt Bus 81
17088	Based in a courtyard, the building has two security codes to access to the apartement.  The building is renovated and the elevator is new. The bedroom windows are double-glazed, they both overlook a quiet and paved courtyard. It is a two bedroom apartment for four people, bathroom with a bathtube and a separated shower and toilets. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, ustensile of kitchen. The diningroom contains a dining table for six, the living room has a comfortable sofa, armchairs and coffee table (marble). There are two toilets. Based in a courtyard, the building has two security codes to access to the apartement.  The building is renovated and the elevator is new. The bedroom windows are double-glazed, they both overlook a quiet and paved courtyard.	Wonderful apartment 75 sqm for 4 people, with two separate bedrooms, one bathroom with a shower, bath and toilet, separated toilets. Very well located, in the golden triangle ! Based in a courtyard, the building has two security codes to access to the apartement.  The building is renovated and the elevator is new. The bedroom windows are double-glazed, they both overlook a quiet and paved courtyard. It is a two bedroom apartment for four people, bathroom with a bathtube and a separated shower and toilets. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, ustensile of kitchen. The diningroom contains a dining table for six, the living room has a comfortable sofa, armchairs and coffee table (marble). There are two toilets. Based in a courtyard, the building has two security codes to access to the apartement.  The building is renovated and the elevator is new. The bedroom windows are double-glazed, they both overlook a quiet and
17089	New designed and typical french interiors. 1 room for the parents and 2 rooms for the kids.	160 m2 close to Madeleine Church, heart of Paris in the 8th district. New designed apartment by a French architect. Spaceful and very comfortable. Great for family. Toys available ine the room's kids. Cleaning included. New designed and typical french interiors. 1 room for the parents and 2 rooms for the kids. Guest will have all the household linen at disposal. As towels and Shampoo and shower gel. By phone or email. The nurse will welcome and say buy to the guest. The apartment is very central. You can go to Versailles by train, Saint Lazare (email hidden) from the house. Le Printemps and Galeries Lafayette also at 5mn by walk. I will let a guide with nice restaurants and place to see that just a parisian can known. Taxi, metro, bus, we (email hidden) from saint Lazare. And there is a big parking down the building.
17090	Close to Montmartre, Opéra, Champs Elysées, this very nice, well decorated sunny apartment (105m2)  with an arbored terrace and a vérandah which is the diningroom (rare in Paris !) . Large and comfortable living room with fireplace, 2 double bedrooms, 2 shower rooms, 1 full bathroom, 2 wc, a modern kitchen with all appliances dishwasher, washmachine, oven,  induction, microwave, dryer. It is at the fifth floor (with lift) of a XIXth century standing building. Nice district with many restaurants , food shops,( in our block : 2 bakeries, 1 restaurant, in front of our building : 1 pharmacy  and 4 supermarkets ) cinemas,  a famous organic market every saturday on the boulevard. Metro stations Rome and Place Clichy at 100m.( line 2 direct to Etoile/Champs élysées, 5 stations, and 13 direct to Invalides and Montparnasse) At a walking distance to Montmartre, Opéra, Monceau park, famous department stores. Many buses as 30 (10 minutes to Champs Elysées and 20' to Gare de l'Est) 66 ( 10 minutes 	Walking distance of Holy Heart church, Galeries Lafayette, Opera, terrace, verandah, quiet 105M2,  large living room, 2 double bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 2 shower rooms, a modern kitchen with all appliances. Metro at 100m, all shops restaurants Close to Montmartre, Opéra, Champs Elysées, this very nice, well decorated sunny apartment (105m2)  with an arbored terrace and a vérandah which is the diningroom (rare in Paris !) . Large and comfortable living room with fireplace, 2 double bedrooms, 2 shower rooms, 1 full bathroom, 2 wc, a modern kitchen with all appliances dishwasher, washmachine, oven,  induction, microwave, dryer. It is at the fifth floor (with lift) of a XIXth century standing building. Nice district with many restaurants , food shops,( in our block : 2 bakeries, 1 restaurant, in front of our building : 1 pharmacy  and 4 supermarkets ) cinemas,  a famous organic market every saturday on the boulevard. Metro stations Rome and Place Clichy at 100m.( line 2 direct to Etoile/Champs
17091	unique location in Paris and voluminous space with private garden where you can enjoy a charming breakfast with friends or family.Very quiet duplex modern loft style.	Charming, modern and calm duplex appartment in the most beautiful and central area of Paris near the Champs Elysées, Opera and Faubourg Saint Honoré. Stunning peaceful private garden of 60m² . unique location in Paris and voluminous space with private garden where you can enjoy a charming breakfast with friends or family.Very quiet duplex modern loft style. access to all the rooms are possible central area of paris right bank between the Champs Elysees and Opera. very quiet apartment on two floors, giving on a charming private garden. atypical, modern design and artistic decoration. all functional accomodations. near bus and metro. stations:saint augustin, miromesnil, and saint lazare.
17092	Nice apartment in which there is one bedroom for 1/2 and a very comfortable sofa for 2. The apartment is on the 6th floor with elevator. It has recently been renovated, it is well designed, bright, chic and clean. It is about 32m². There is a Tv in the living room. You will stare at the view on the Eiffel Tower you will have from the windows! The WiFi is provided.   There is a little kitchen where you can cook (with a microwave , coffee machine , fridge, etc...)  In the bathroom there is a shower with a washing machine, a dryer and a hair dryer.  We also provide you with the shampoo and shower gel. There is much space to arrange your personal belongings.  It is a great place to stay for couples, little families or friends. You will find yourself in the center of the Parisian life in a very safe and unique neighborhood. The nearest metro is line 1 station George V.  If you need any other piece of information, please be free ton contact us. :) See you soon,  Anne Sophie and Max 	"Reall cosy Appartment just in front of LA DURÉE in Champs Élysées.  The more ""Beautiful Avenue of the World"" Through the window you can see Eiffel Tower, two best spots of Paris in the same place. Nearest metro : George V or Franklin Roosevelt Nice apartment in which there is one bedroom for 1/2 and a very comfortable sofa for 2. The apartment is on the 6th floor with elevator. It has recently been renovated, it is well designed, bright, chic and clean. It is about 32m². There is a Tv in the living room. You will stare at the view on the Eiffel Tower you will have from the windows! The WiFi is provided.   There is a little kitchen where you can cook (with a microwave , coffee machine , fridge, etc...)  In the bathroom there is a shower with a washing machine, a dryer and a hair dryer.  We also provide you with the shampoo and shower gel. There is much space to arrange your personal belongings.  It is a great place to stay for couples, little families or friends. You will find yourself "
17093	Cozy little appartment for 2 people, 300m from the Champs Elysées. Small equipped kitchen, living room/bed room with sofa/wall bed and a bathroom with toilet. The apartment is located on the 5th floor without lift.	Cozy little appartment for 2 people, 300m from the Champs Élysées. Small equipped kitchen, living room/bed room with sofa/wall bed and a bathroom with toilet. The apartment is located on the 5th floor without lift. The apartement is easily accessible with the metro from the line 9 (Saint-Philippe du Roule) or the line 1 (Franklin Roosevelt)
17094	Perfectly situated to explore all of Paris! Our apartment is located in the very heart of Paris, The HAUSSMANN-OPERA-SAINT-LAZARE DISTRICT, a leading urban commercial centre : we are 5 min walk from the famous department stores Printemps and Galeries Lafayette, 5 min from the wonderful Opéra Garnier, and 15 min from Le Louvre and Les Champs Elysées. Quick and easy access to every public transportation including Gare Saint Lazare station (Métro, RER, trains, buses). Velib’ (self-service bike system) station just at the corner. Plus a lot of various shops and restaurants in the neighborhood. We will be more than happy to give you heaps of advice to have a great stay ! All the rooms have a direct access to the balcony. Here, the VIEW ON THE GARDEN LOUIS XVI and on the ROOF TOPS of Paris is amazing ! You can also comfortably sit, eat and relax on the balcony thanks to seats and a small table. Our comfortable 76 sqm flat is located at the 5th floor of a traditional “Haussmannien” Parisian b	Unique garden-and-roof-top view, 3 rooms, GREAT LOCATION IN THE VERY HEART OF PARIS in a traditional Parisian building: 5 min walk from Les Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, 5 min walk from the Opéra Garnier. Very comfortable and convenient. Perfectly situated to explore all of Paris! Our apartment is located in the very heart of Paris, The HAUSSMANN-OPERA-SAINT-LAZARE DISTRICT, a leading urban commercial centre : we are 5 min walk from the famous department stores Printemps and Galeries Lafayette, 5 min from the wonderful Opéra Garnier, and 15 min from Le Louvre and Les Champs Elysées. Quick and easy access to every public transportation including Gare Saint Lazare station (Métro, RER, trains, buses). Velib’ (self-service bike system) station just at the corner. Plus a lot of various shops and restaurants in the neighborhood. We will be more than happy to give you heaps of advice to have a great stay ! All the rooms have a direct access to the balcony. Here, the VIEW ON THE GARDEN LOU
17095	Venez découvrir un magnifique appartement de 2 pièces sur 80 m2 à la décoration raffinée. Le temps d’un séjour entre amis ou pour une mission professionnelle, pénétrez dans ce véritable havre de paix du prestigieux boulevard Haussmann. Véritable bijou d’art et de modernité, le Haussmann vous ouvre ses portes sur une pièce principale d’une belle hauteur sous plafond, avec un mobilier ancien et des objets de collection décorant avec style cet espace. L’appartement dispose d’un salon composé d’un canapé convertible et d’une télévision à écran plat avec accès Internet qui vous offrira un confort inégalé. La cuisine intégralement équipée ainsi que l’espace dînatoire composé d’une table à manger 8 personnes vous permettront de partager des repas en toute convivialité. L’appartement vous propose également un lieu de parfaite intimité à l’autre extrémité, avec la chambre double, une salle de bain attenante avec baignoire et douche de type pluie tropicale et WC séparés. The Apartment Features: 	Quand Paris rime avec prestige dans ce magnifique appartement de 80 m2 situé sur le boulevard Haussmann. Pour 2 ou 4 personnes, plongez dans une décoration authentique et raffinée. Venez découvrir un magnifique appartement de 2 pièces sur 80 m2 à la décoration raffinée. Le temps d’un séjour entre amis ou pour une mission professionnelle, pénétrez dans ce véritable havre de paix du prestigieux boulevard Haussmann. Véritable bijou d’art et de modernité, le Haussmann vous ouvre ses portes sur une pièce principale d’une belle hauteur sous plafond, avec un mobilier ancien et des objets de collection décorant avec style cet espace. L’appartement dispose d’un salon composé d’un canapé convertible et d’une télévision à écran plat avec accès Internet qui vous offrira un confort inégalé. La cuisine intégralement équipée ainsi que l’espace dînatoire composé d’une table à manger 8 personnes vous permettront de partager des repas en toute convivialité. L’appartement vous propose également un lieu d
17096	This stunning 32m2 studio, completely refurbished in 2012, is located on the 6th floor of a prestigious and contemporary building with elevator access. Perfect for couples or solo travellers, the apartment consists of a beautiful living room featuring a sofa, a double bed and a lovely open-plan kitchen that is full-equipped to ensure you lack nothing during your stay. The designer breakfast bar and stools will allow you to enjoy a meal with company. The bathroom contains a rain-shower, ideal for unwinding after a long day wandering the streets of the French capital. Moreover, you will have a full range of technology at your disposal during your stay, including a large flat-screen television with cable channels, a DVD player, and a Wi-Fi internet connection that be used for both business and leisure. The George V metro station (Line 1) is located just 200m from the apartment and will allow you to reach almost any part of the city. You will have no problems finding a wide range of shops,	Welcome! Ce superbe studio de 32 m², entièrement refait à neuf en 2012, se situe au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d’un immeuble moderne de standing. Parfait pour un séjour seul ou en couple, il se compose à cet effet d’une très agréable pièce à vivre dotée d’un canapé, d’un lit double et d’une jolie cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée pour que vous ne manquiez de rien pendant votre séjour. Table haute avec de jolis tabourets design vous permettront de partager des repas. La belle salle de bains quant à elle est munie d’une douche à effet pluie, idéale pour se détendre après une longue journée de promenade dans les rues de la capitale. Par ailleurs, vous pourrez profiter de toute la technologie mise à votre disposition : grand téléviseur à écran plat avec chaîne câblées, lecteur de DVD et connexion wifi, tant pour votre travail que pour vos (website hidden) station de métro George V sur la ligne 1 du métro parisien se trouve à seulement 200 mètres et vous conduira partout dans la ville et c
17097	Cirque Apartment is a modern, tastefully decorated apartment placed in the heart of Paris. Cirque Apartment will provide you the comfort of a five star hotel and the cosiness of a delighted home. We are only few steps away from the Elysee Palace. 	Cirque Studio Apartment is placed in the heart of Paris only few steps away from Champs-Elysées. The history and the modernity comes together in this tastefully decorated apartment to provide you a comfortable and luxurious stay. Cirque Studio Apartm Cirque Apartment is a modern, tastefully decorated apartment placed in the heart of Paris. Cirque Apartment will provide you the comfort of a five star hotel and the cosiness of a delighted home. We are only few steps away from the Elysee Palace.  Our team will welcome you at the the apartment to give you your keys and to explain to you the apartment and its neighborhood. You can always call us during the day or night if you will need any assistance. Cirque Apartment is only few steps away from Elysee palace, Champs Elysee and many attractions. It is an ideal spot to start to discover Paris or to reach your favorite places.
17098	Haussmann apartment, 45m2 Chic area of Paris bright apartment Quiet  and secure street  Located rue du Rocher 75008 Paris Near saint lazare station (2 min), Opéra, Grands Magasins, Madeleine (10 min), Saint Honoré (20min), Champs Elysées (25min),... Very well connected with Line (phone number hidden) bedroom  1 bathroom  1 equiped kitchen  1 living room  Wifi, TV, washing machine and clothes dryer, oven, microwave, hoover, iron,... Metro Line (phone number hidden) Bus Bike station	Superbe appartement haussmannien 45m2 lumineux, très bien desservi (taxi, métro, bus, vélo)  A proximité de l'Opéra, Madeleine, grands magasins, saint honoré, Champs Elysées,... Quartier chic de Paris.    Amazing apartment located near saint lazare station (75008), Grands magasins, Opéra, Madeleine, Saint honoré, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, ... Very well connected with Line (phone number hidden)  Haussmann apartment, 45m2 Chic area of Paris bright apartment Quiet  and secure street  Located rue du Rocher 75008 Paris Near saint lazare station (2 min), Opéra, Grands Magasins, Madeleine (10 min), Saint Honoré (20min), Champs Elysées (25min),... Very well connected with Line (phone number hidden) bedroom  1 bathroom  1 equiped kitchen  1 living room  Wifi, TV, washing machine and clothes dryer, oven, microwave, hoover, iron,... Metro Line (phone number hidden) Bus Bike station Metro Line (phone number hidden) Bus Bike station
17099	There are two floors:  - on the first one: you have the main living room and a mezzanine with the first room  - on the second one: two bedrooms with large beds and a bathroom	We love our flat with my roommate !! The apartment is perfectly located near main touristic points of interest (Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysees, ...) We will love to help you enjoy your stay in Paris :) There are two floors:  - on the first one: you have the main living room and a mezzanine with the first room  - on the second one: two bedrooms with large beds and a bathroom Easy access via subway (line 1, 9, 13) We will love to help you to enjoy your stay in Paris in helping you about details and advices about what to visit
