33300	A large bright room without vis-à-vis and overlooking trees. Facing west, you have the sun in the late afternoon. Featuring a large double bed (160x200) with shape memory and a day area with a beautiful authentic bistro table and an open kitchen equipped and very discreet. The studio also has a large and very nice bathroom.	Right in the heart of Montmartre, in the lively area of Abbesses, studio of 35 square meters very bright and airy, without face to face. Completely equipped and having the comfort of a queen-size bed and of a large bathroom. Area well served A large bright room without vis-à-vis and overlooking trees. Facing west, you have the sun in the late afternoon. Featuring a large double bed (160x200) with shape memory and a day area with a beautiful authentic bistro table and an open kitchen equipped and very discreet. The studio also has a large and very nice bathroom. The apartment will be fully available outside a small room unoccupied, which actually is the bedroom of my son. By email & SMS. I will probably not be in Paris when you stay here, but I'd be happy to respond quickly to your requests. English speaking Montmartre is a historic district where you live as in a village and where people like to walk around and discover the little alleys' charm. Alive and dynamic, it is full of restaur
33301		Situé à 5mn du métro La Chapelle, l'appart est dans le cœur névralgique du 18è, entre la gare du Nord, Château rouge et la Goutte d'or !  Composé d'un salon avec cuisine, d'une chambre et d'une sdb, tout équipé, lave-linge, wifi; cocooning garantit.
33302		Nice & bright 2-room apartment with all facilities, 10-min walking distance from Sacré Coeur, very close to rue des Abbesses; vibrant neighbourhood with nice cafés, restaurants & shops. 3 metro stations nearby (lines 13, 12 & 4) easy access to city!
33303		Joli studio au coeur d'un quartier fantastique. Vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, 5ème étage ss asc, idéalement situé à mi chemin entre Pigalle et Montmartre. Moulin Rouge à 300 mètres, rue des Abesses à 50 mètres, Sacré Coeur à 10 minutes à pied.
33304	The apartment is quite small, but really suitable for a couple to enjoy your time in Paris. It is located just down stairs to the Sacré-Coeur, and you can enjoy a great view on the suburb from the window.  - One room with a dining table and 4 chairs, 1 sofa which is convertible in a comfy bed, movies and books that you  can borrow. - A fully furnished separate kitchen. Microwave, 2 Gas stoves, 1 electric oven, fridge, and every thing necessary to cook. Also, help yourself with coffee and tea. - One small bathroom and toilets  - laundery - Sheets and towels furnished - WIFI and phone for free (the phone can be used to reach someone anywhere in France, on mobiles too, and some countrys around the world, just ask to us before so we can check) - 6th flour with lift in the building 150 € key deposit refoundable immediately when you check out. 30€ housekeeping Hopefully you'll enjoy your time in Paris ! All shops (bakery, tabacconist, laundery, epicery, butchury, pastry, cheese-maker, fruits	The apartment is quite small, but really suitable for a couple to enjoy your time in Paris. It is located just down stairs to the Sacré-Coeur, and you can enjoy a great view on the suburb from the window.  - One room with a dining table and 4 chairs, 1 sofa which is convertible in a comfy bed, movies and books that you  can borrow. - A fully furnished separate kitchen. Microwave, 2 Gas stoves, 1 electric oven, fridge, and every thing necessary to cook. Also, help yourself with coffee and tea. - One small bathroom and toilets  - laundery - Sheets and towels furnished - WIFI and phone for free (the phone can be used to reach someone anywhere in France, on mobiles too, and some countrys around the world, just ask to us before so we can check) - 6th flour with lift in the building 150 € key deposit refoundable immediately when you check out. 30€ housekeeping Hopefully you'll enjoy your time in Paris ! All shops (bakery, tabacconist, laundery, epicery, butchury, pastry, cheese-maker, fruits
33305	Very nice apartment of two rooms of 35 m2, comfortable and bright.  Parquet and tiled floor. A large bedroom with double bed, living room with single bed, kitchen, bathroom with shower and toilet. All mod cons: washing machine, fridge, oven, printer, stereo, wifi. Very quiet (double glazing), located in a beautiful typical Parisian building, in a lively neighborhood (near Market Olive), 10 minutes walk from Montmartre (Sacre Coeur). Well served by the subway (stations Dormoy Marx, La Chapelle, Chateau Rouge) and rer (North Station). Quiet and friendly neighborhood.	Very nice apartment of two rooms of 35 m2, comfortable and bright.  Parquet and tiled floor. A large bedroom with double bed, living room with single bed, kitchen, bathroom with shower and toilet. All mod cons: washing machine, fridge, oven, printer, stereo, wifi. Very quiet (double glazing), located in a beautiful typical Parisian building, in a lively neighborhood (near Market Olive), 10 minutes walk from Montmartre (Sacre Coeur). Well served by the subway (stations Dormoy Marx, La Chapelle, Chateau Rouge) and rer (North Station). Quiet and friendly neighborhood.
33306		Appartement entièrement rénové cette année
33307	TV, wifi, machine à café de compète.. le canapé est signé ora-ïto, la table basse peut se lever, les chaises hautes peuvent se baisser et il y a une fenêtre dans la douche! La machine à laver et l'imprimante sont à dispo.. Ah oui, et vous pouvez dessiner sur un mur!	"37m2 au 2e étage d'un immeuble datant du 19e siècle. L'appartement est clair et accueillant, il n'attend plus que vous!  Possibilité de coucher deux personnes supplémentaires dans le canapé-lit du (website hidden), wifi, machine à café de compète.. le canapé est signé ora-ïto, la table basse peut se lever, les chaises hautes peuvent se baisser et il y a une fenêtre dans la douche! La machine à laver et l'imprimante sont à dispo.. Ah oui, et vous pouvez dessiner sur un mur! salon, chambre et salle de bain accessibles. Disponible par mail tout au long du séjour Quartier populaire et vivant possédant de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants (notamment autour du marché de l'olive). 2 bars cool: ""les petites gouttes"", rue Pajol et le ""GroundControl"", rue Ordener La station de métro Marx Dormoy se situe sur la ligne 12 (Montmartre, Pigalle, St Lazare, Concorde etc..). De nombreux bus peuvent rejoindre le centre de Paris. Proche également de la Gare du Nord."
33308	I rent per week or per night (minimum 2 nights). Charming and comfortable furnished  studio on the ground floor, 23m2, bedroom / living room + kitchen + toilets (inside apartment) , full apartment, well located in Paris 18th. 10 minutes from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. In a popular African district, 5min from metro station Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 minutes from the Château Rouge metro station (line 4), bus 60, 65 (comes directly from the Gare de Lyon stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord, 35 (stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord) View of the railway leaves the Gare du Nord.. Line 4 is the only line that has changes with all subway lines, which helps you visit Paris easily, and all the tourist spots. With a possibility to welcome 2 people (sofa bed), and another small sofa bed for 1 person occasionally, (You must prevent the desire to want to use the extra bed, otherwise it is completely excluded the possibility of to want to use once the stay sta	Full studio,23m2, bedroom/living room+toilets. 5min from metro station (line12),10 minutes from the metro station (line4). To 2 people (1 person occasionally). Heating,TV,wifi,hairdryer...microwave,boiler,coffee maker,sheets,pillows,blankets,towels I rent per week or per night (minimum 2 nights). Charming and comfortable furnished  studio on the ground floor, 23m2, bedroom / living room + kitchen + toilets (inside apartment) , full apartment, well located in Paris 18th. 10 minutes from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. In a popular African district, 5min from metro station Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 minutes from the Château Rouge metro station (line 4), bus 60, 65 (comes directly from the Gare de Lyon stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord, 35 (stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord) View of the railway leaves the Gare du Nord.. Line 4 is the only line that has changes with all subway lines, which helps you visit Paris easily, and all the tourist spots. Wi
33309		A cosy bedroom with a 2 person be.  The flat is at 10 minutes walks from Montmartre - Full access to the kitchen and all commodities
33310	In the heart of Montmartre, 2 steps from the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre apartment typically 2/3 rooms completely renovated in September 2012. Separate bathroom, separate toilet, kitchen, living room overlooking the street (dining / living room with sofa bed), 1 bedroom with double bed (website hidden), wifi internet. Conveniently located for an immersion in the historical Paris, cultural and festive.	In the heart of Montmartre, 2 steps from the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre apartment typically 2/3 rooms completely renovated in September 2012. Separate bathroom, separate toilet, kitchen, living room overlooking the street (dining / living room with sofa bed), 1 bedroom with double bed (website hidden), wifi internet. Conveniently located for an immersion in the historical Paris, cultural and festive.
33311	"This place is really cosy, easy, full of books, close to Les Puces, fleemarket, to Montmartre, but you'll discover a real ""quartier""... The café on the street corner is perfect."	"Great place, easy to use. One king size bed on mezzanine and one sofa bed, 1m20 large (brand new-oct14), it's all in the same big room (loft)... Kitchen, bathroom fully equiped (Bathtub & big shower). 10mn walk from subway & Montmartre & Fleemarket.  This place is really cosy, easy, full of books, close to Les Puces, fleemarket, to Montmartre, but you'll discover a real ""quartier""... The café on the street corner is perfect. Internet wi-fi, no TV, fully equiped kitchen (no microwave), and fully equipped bathroom (bathtub & shower)... As much as possible if they wish, I prepare a map of the area & some tips about my favorite places around. The neighborhood is very mixed, low key & more family oriented then party people. Guy Moquet; Mairie du 18e, or rue du Poteau are just GREAT to shop, AMAZING cheese store & bakeries, there's a small square where kids can play next street. There's everything! The metro  (line 4 or 13, or 12) is 10mn walk and takes you in the center in 20mn, the bus (60"
33312	à 10 minutes du sacré coeur à pied et du quartier de la butte Montmartre immeuble sécurité avec code d'accès et bip	studio très mignon avec du parquet en chêne, deux grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur la verdure d'une cour intérieure, petite cuisine très mignonne avec gaz, four, frigo, grand lit deux places confortable, salle de bain avec petite baignoire à 10 minutes du sacré coeur à pied et du quartier de la butte Montmartre immeuble sécurité avec code d'accès et bip studio Je reste joignable en cas de  besoin quartier multiculturel vivant et sympa, très chaleureux à 10 minutes du sacré coeur  dans la rue: commerces à disposition, café, restaurants A 7 minutes à pieds de la ligne de Métro 2  station La Chapelle A 7 minutes à pieds de la ligne de métro 4 station Château rouge très calme
33313	comfy 55 sqm apartment located at five minutes by walk from Cathédrale Sacré Coeur. The apartment has a large living room, a separate kitchen and separate bedroom.	Comfy one bedroom apartment located at 5 fimuntes walk from the Sacre coeur Cathedrale/Montmartre. comfy 55 sqm apartment located at five minutes by walk from Cathédrale Sacré Coeur. The apartment has a large living room, a separate kitchen and separate bedroom. I stay at my girlfriends's apartment so will be in Paris if there was anything during your time here. The neighbourhood  is quite animated and can be classified as popular neighbourhood but never we felt in danger here. 3 minutes walk from Chateau Rouge tube station -Line 4- so it takes 15 minutes to access the middle of Paris.
33314	It's the best view of Montmartre that's all ! Now there is a door in the room !	Nice apartment in the heart of Montmartre, with a fabulous panorama... Sacré Coeur, Moulin de la galette, garden and historical houses are just before you. Now there is a door in the room ! It's a quiet place, in a beautiful and safe neighborhood. It's the best view of Montmartre that's all ! Now there is a door in the room ! Guests have access to the room in the photo, toilet/bathroom and kitchen. I gonna be here some time, for sleeping or studying. I'm a calm person, maybe the only noise you will hear will be the music from my vinyl discs. I work in my falt sometimes, and listen music in my headphones. I can talk and advise you about things to see, bar to drink at and restaurant to eat at ! Sometime i gonna be absent, for work or travel :) This place is right next to  :  - Sacré Coeur - Place des Abbesses  - Moulin de la Galette  - Passe-Muraille and is near the Moulin Rouge ! It's a five minutes walt to the Abbesses Station ( l.12 ) and 10 to Blanche Station ( l.2 ). When you are in
33315	A charming typical parisian flat, luminous and spacious, around 50m².    The appartment is composed of a living room, a charming kitchen which you can use freely, a washing machine, a bathroom, separated toilets, and two independant bedrooms.  The vacant room is quite spacious and luminous (15m²). They are minimally furnished, with a double bed and furniture where you can put your belongings. 	A charming typical parisian flat, luminous and spacious, around 55m².  Located in the 18th district, the neighborhood is both folk and trendy at the same time. It can welcome up to 2 persons. Two steps away from the metro in a calm street. A charming typical parisian flat, luminous and spacious, around 50m².    The appartment is composed of a living room, a charming kitchen which you can use freely, a washing machine, a bathroom, separated toilets, and two independant bedrooms.  The vacant room is quite spacious and luminous (15m²). They are minimally furnished, with a double bed and furniture where you can put your belongings. Located in the 18th district, the neighborhood is both folk and trendy at the same time. You will find a lot of nice restaurants and cafés in the surroundings, and  it's a 10 minutes metro from the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre.  I have been living in Paris for twenty years and would be thrilled to share with you the places I like particulary and some nice parisian
33316	The house was completely renovated two years ago. Furnished and designed like a loft, there are three levels. It can host up to 7 guests.  Through a quiet floral courtyard and up the front steps, you enter the ground floor. High ceilings with skylights and large windows produce beautiful natural lighting throughout the entire house.  At this level, there is spacious living room comfortably furnished with large sofas, a TV, and a one person swing! The open floor plan flows into the kitchen and dining areas making this a beautiful communal space for relaxing, eating, and entertaining. On the same floor  a small but charming bedroom for 2 , a bathroom with a tub and separate toilet. The next level, accessed by a wooden staircase, houses the master bedroom. This cleverly renovated attic space, has been fitted with folding glass panels, which illuminate the space during the day and overlook the living room below. At night, curtains provided privacy and ensure sound sleeping. There is also a	This is a one of a kind house at the foot of Montmartre. Facing a calm courtyard, this home is situated in a colorful Parisian neighborhood and accommodates 8 people. Ideal for familly. The house was completely renovated two years ago. Furnished and designed like a loft, there are three levels. It can host up to 7 guests.  Through a quiet floral courtyard and up the front steps, you enter the ground floor. High ceilings with skylights and large windows produce beautiful natural lighting throughout the entire house.  At this level, there is spacious living room comfortably furnished with large sofas, a TV, and a one person swing! The open floor plan flows into the kitchen and dining areas making this a beautiful communal space for relaxing, eating, and entertaining. On the same floor  a small but charming bedroom for 2 , a bathroom with a tub and separate toilet. The next level, accessed by a wooden staircase, houses the master bedroom. This cleverly renovated attic space, has been fitt
33317		Je propose mon appartement en location la semaine. Situé dans le très animé quartier du 18ème, il est tout équipé et à 1 minute du métro. 2 pièces de 30m2, immeuble sécurisé, entrée avec badge
33318		Grand appartement fleuri , situé au 1er étage. 1 chambre à sous louer. Ma colocataire sera présente pendant la location. Très grand salon, une cuisine séparée et équipée en commun et de nombreux rangements.  Proche métro 12, 2 et 4  et donc idéalement situé pour visiter le quartier de Montmartre. Quartier très populaire du 18 ème.
33319	Idealy located: close to touristic places and transports.	Nice 10m2 very well shaped, clean and quiet, 1st floor in a building located in rue Feutrier. Equipped kitchen, fridge, shower, WC. At 3m from the Sacré-Cœur, shops, restaurants...and at 5m from the metro station Anvers (L 2) and Château Rouge (L 4). Idealy located: close to touristic places and transports. you will have keys for the studio and the block. we are 2 persons for manage this studio. I am answering to the emails but you can also contact my friend Jose by phone. It will be Jose who will give you keys during the check-in. You will have to give him back the keys in person during check-out. Don't hesitate to ask any questions or call Jose in case of emergency. Montmartres: vibrant and pitoresque, famous for its restaurants, street artists and Sacre-Coeur church...and the studio is in a very calm street for a good sleep guaranty. You will be very close to underground stations for easy access in all Paris.
33320	Easy entrance at ground floor of the building.	"Beautiful apartment in the heart of Montmartre, only 10 mn walk from the Sacré Coeur. A fun design on 3 levels, with easy access to shops, the Paris métro, and only 15 mn walk from gare du Nord. Located on ground floor Around : supermarket open 7 days a week, pharmacy, health center, cash provider Easy entrance at ground floor of the building. For guests arriving from either CDG or ORY airports, the best (and cheapest) option is to take the RER B to Gare du Nord. If you don't have too many bags, you can walk 15 minutes to my flat. Otherwise, a taxi will get you there in 5 minutes. if yu need help during yur stay, yu could call me 18 th district is a popular district of Paris, mixed, where all cultures mix. The hill of Montmartre is more ""bobo""; this means more sophisticated, with beautiful shops and clothing design, and renowned restaurants. Montmartre, one dominates Paris. The street where the apartment is located is very quiet there are pay parking lot nearby and cutlery places. From"
33321	Chambre indépendante et silencieuse dans un très confortable appartement, spacieux et lumineux (deux pièces, grand salon, cuisine séparée), poutres apparentes et beaucoup de charme, aux pieds du Sacré-Coeur et de la place des Abbesses. Belle cour intérieure, idéale pour profiter du beau temps et vue sur la basilique de Montmartre.	Very nice, bright and quiet double room in large and cosy apartment, fully equipped, with a lovely inner courtyard and view on Sacré-Coeur. The apartment is in a magic neighborhood, with a lot of attractions, well-served by bus, vélib and metro.
33322	Métro ligne 2 la chapelle ou métro ligne 4 château rouge  	Métro ligne 2 la chapelle ou métro ligne 4 château rouge  
33323	chambre d'un jeune enfant, de 13m2 dans appartement de 56 m3, avec balcon et baie vitrée... It is my 5 years old son's bedroom.. it is 13 square meters with a nice and comfortable single bed. my appartment is cosy and very luminous.	Chambre INDIVIDUELLE de 13m2, lumineuse avec volets, très agréable avec un lit 90X190 très confortable. chambre d'un jeune enfant, de 13m2 dans appartement de 56 m3, avec balcon et baie vitrée... It is my 5 years old son's bedroom.. it is 13 square meters with a nice and comfortable single bed. my appartment is cosy and very luminous. Chambre, sdb, WC appartement dans résidence moderne avec interphone et ascenseur.. je parle anglais couramment  I do speak fluently english Mon appartement se trouve à 5 mns du Moulin Rouge et à 10 mns du Sacré coeur tout en étant dans un endroit calme. 5 minutes walk from all the tourist places...and safe surroundings Ligne 13 GUY MOCQUET Ligne 12 LAMARCK-CAULAINCOURT Ligne 2 PLACE DE CLICHY OU BLANCHE J'ai un chien mais mon appartement est tenu propre... J'ai aussi un enfant qui est scolarisé... donc il est nécessaire d'aimer les chiens et les enfants et de savoir être discret...Petit-déjeuner et Dîner possibles avec supplément. Idem pour l'utilisation 
33324	"Just four minutes by feet from the Sacré Coeur, this wonderful flat is ""THE place to be"" if you want to travel in Paris and live the ""cool french life"". The place has just been done up, and it mixes an old paris touch kind to a more modern ambiance. Up the sixth floor, you'll see the sunset and the roofs of Paris. The atmosphere is very soft, warm, very romantic,calm and quiet. It is perfect to cook, to read, to relax, to listen some good music, well, to live "" la vie à la française"".... The metro station is called ""Barbes"", it crosses the line 4 and 2 (ideal to go anywhere in Paris). The station is very lively, there is always lots of people and animation. It stands at very few steps from the flat, and it is in front of a mythic cinema in Paris: le Louxor, and now, there is a huge french brasserie called ""le barbès"", where you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner! Up the boulevard, you'll be in Montmartre, its restaurants, its galeries, its cafés, its artists and musicians...you can do"	"Just four minutes by feet from the Sacré Coeur, this wonderful flat is ""THE place to be"" if you want to travel in Paris and live the ""cool french life"". The place has just been done up, and it mixes an old paris touch kind to a more modern ambiance. Up the sixth floor, you'll see the sunset and the roofs of Paris. The atmosphere is very soft, warm, very romantic,calm and quiet. It is perfect to cook, to read, to relax, to listen some good music, well, to live "" la vie à la française"".... The metro station is called ""Barbes"", it crosses the line 4 and 2 (ideal to go anywhere in Paris). The station is very lively, there is always lots of people and animation. It stands at very few steps from the flat, and it is in front of a mythic cinema in Paris: le Louxor, and now, there is a huge french brasserie called ""le barbès"", where you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner! Up the boulevard, you'll be in Montmartre, its restaurants, its galeries, its cafés, its artists and musicians...you can do"
33325	My flat is very functional, I have been living in Paris for 5 years now and it has everything than you will need.	"I rent my studio in Paris (23m2), next to the Max Dormoy metro station (line 12, easy and fast from downtown). It is clean, warm (central heating),  and very functional! Everything is inside, you wont need anything else! My flat is very functional, I have been living in Paris for 5 years now and it has everything than you will need. Washing machine is available, the kitchen is well equipped, and heating is central. The flat is also well secured I can provide any help you need! I am very easy to contact! Don't hesitate to ask me anything about transportation, places of interest or nice and cosy restaurant! Very close to ""le marché de l'olive"" et ""le centre Pajol"", neighborhoods that are becoming very attractive compared to the old and expensive Paris!  Walking distance (15minutes) to Montmartre. Metro 12 ""Max Dormoy"" is just 2 blocks from the apartment. Metro 2 ""La Chapelle"" is 10 min, and Gare du Nord is 12 min walk. nop"
33326	J’ai eu un coup de coeur pour ce nid douillet et vous l’aurez sans aucun doute aussi !  Avec son calme exceptionnel, ce charmant studio doté d’un accès à la terrasse de l’immeuble de 200m², se situe au 2e étage avec ascenseur d’un très immeuble typique du quartier.  Vous pourrez profiter depuis la terrasse d’une vue à couper le souffle sur Montmartre, ses jardins et Paris. Cette vue encore plus magique la nuit vous permettra de vous émerveiller devant la tour Eiffel  qui scintille toutes les heures.   Situé dans un escalier (rue Maurice Utrillo) qui monte au Sacré coeur, ce studio est en plein cœur du quartier historique et particulièrement calme du marché Saint-Pierre. L’appartement de 25 m² à la décoration soignée a été entièrement refait à neuf. La chambre sur cour est au calme absolu.   La salle de bain est moderne et dotée d’une confortable douche multijets.  La cuisine séparée est tout équipée avec lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, micro-onde, machine à dosettes, bouilloire…  Draps et 	Nice studio in a typical building of the area at the foot of the Sacré-Coeur. It consists of a cozy living room furnished with a sofa bed and a menazzine, kitchen and independent bathroom and access to the rooftop.
33327	"2 rooms District ""Marie du 18e, Jules Joffrin"" Next to montmartre, (you just have a few hundred stairs to climb to see the basilic...),  Very lovely area with a lot of shops (flowers, organic shop, small supermarket, cheese shop, meat, vegetables, bakery, kiosque... permanent market, restaurants : japanese, italians, french......)  A small village in Paris.   Easy to acces with subway (line 12) and buses (phone number hidden)) or by walk ! 1 bedroom (king size, 140 cm), 1 living room  (with sofa) in a two stairs building. Quiet. Furnished + kitchen with oven, toaster, everything you need. Internet, WiFi, TV. No Pet please and no smokers if it's possible... Once you'll be here, you'll feel at home. "	"2 rooms District ""Marie du 18e, Jules Joffrin"" Next to montmartre, (you just have a few hundred stairs to climb to see the basilic...),  Very lovely area with a lot of shops (flowers, organic shop, small supermarket, cheese shop, meat, vegetables, bakery, kiosque... permanent market, restaurants : japanese, italians, french......)  A small village in Paris.   Easy to acces with subway (line 12) and buses (phone number hidden)) or by walk ! 1 bedroom (king size, 140 cm), 1 living room  (with sofa) in a two stairs building. Quiet. Furnished + kitchen with oven, toaster, everything you need. Internet, WiFi, TV. No Pet please and no smokers if it's possible... Once you'll be here, you'll feel at home. "
33328	Real twin beds, and a possible extra matress on request. 	    Quiet and functional flat in a trendy mixed neighbourhood, perfect to escape the parisian frenzy, a staircase from the Sacré coeur   
33329		Nice room in a two-bedroom apartment in Paris 18th arrondissement, very close to Montmartre. The minimum stay is 4 nights. The appartment is located 5 minutes (walking distance) from Sacre Coeur church and the famous Montmartre neighborhood. Right in front of the Metro Château Rouge(line 4) which crosses Paris from North to South. Only 10 minutes from downtown Paris(Châtelet), 20 minutes to île de la Citè (Nôtre Dame) and 25 minutes to Saint Germain-des-Prés, Quartier Latin, etc
33330	In the heart of an ethnic and popular area of Paris, at the feet of Montmartre and its famous Sacré Coeur, you will be very surprised to discover our peaceful flat. Our little garden and our cosy space will be ideal for a break in your exploration of the city. A garden in Paris, you won't see that everyday! Feel free to enjoy this space which will be only yours the time of your trip. The flat is quiet, you won't hear anything from the neighbours. The space is quite big for 2!	In the heart of an ethnic and popular area, at the feet of Montmartre and its famous Sacré Coeur, you will be very surprised to discover our peaceful flat. Our garden and our cosy space will be ideal for a break in your exploration of the city. In the heart of an ethnic and popular area of Paris, at the feet of Montmartre and its famous Sacré Coeur, you will be very surprised to discover our peaceful flat. Our little garden and our cosy space will be ideal for a break in your exploration of the city. A garden in Paris, you won't see that everyday! Feel free to enjoy this space which will be only yours the time of your trip. The flat is quiet, you won't hear anything from the neighbours. The space is quite big for 2! I love the fact that we are so closed to Montmartre, and in the same time  in an area with a lot of diversity and animation.  You will probably love it as an extra trip in your trip! 
33331	a 40m² in Paris with kitchen, bathroom, a bedroom and a cool living room with 2 sofa beds and a nice view on the eiffel tower. You can be up to 6 people but I advise to be 2 to 4 in the apartment for a better comfort.	Hello, my apartment is on top of Montmartre hill. You will find here all the comfort. There is a bedroom with double bed and two sofa beds in the living room that directly overlooks the Eiffel Tower. So you can come to be a couple or up to 6. a 40m² in Paris with kitchen, bathroom, a bedroom and a cool living room with 2 sofa beds and a nice view on the eiffel tower. You can be up to 6 people but I advise to be 2 to 4 in the apartment for a better comfort. In the apartment you will find a refrigerator, a dishwasher and a washing machine. There are also 2 sets of clean sheets and towels. If you stay inside, you can enjoy the Wi-Fi as well as TV on the projector. If I'm here at check-in, I would be glad to share tips and adresses over a coffee or a drink, depending on the time. I've only one extra place on my moto for night tours :-) I like living in the only place in Paris (at my point of view) where you don't feel like being in a big city. That may be one of the reasons why a lot of st
33332	A cosy duplex, atypical and recently renovated and nicely decorated, on the ground floor and first floor. It's perfectly located, within walking distance from major places of Paris 18th district like : Barbès, Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, Abbesses etc.	A cosy duplex, recently renovated and nicely decorated, on the ground floor and first floor. It's perfectly located, within walking distance from major places of Paris 18th district like : Barbès, Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, Abbesses etc. In a very A cosy duplex, atypical and recently renovated and nicely decorated, on the ground floor and first floor. It's perfectly located, within walking distance from major places of Paris 18th district like : Barbès, Montmartre, le Sacré Coeur, Abbesses etc. In a very quiet building, the entrance is on the first floor and you arrive in a spacious living room / kitchen. There's a big TV, confortable couch, fully equipped kitchen. Downstairs you can the find the bedroom with a confortable big bed, then you have the bathroom at the end of the hallway. We will be here at your arrival to show you the appartement and give you tips for the good spots to eat and party around here :) It's a popular neighbourhood, full of restaurants, shops, and nice places 
33333	Proche Montmartre.	Studio pour 2 adultes au 6ème étage orienté sud, très lumineux. Vue sur Montmartre. Lit en mezzanine avec vélux.  Canapé dépliant pour enfants et table murale pour déjeuné / repas. Cuisine équipé et salle de bain avec douche et WC. Accès internet. Proche Montmartre. Internet gratuit. Quartier africain proche de Montmartre. Coloré et animé. Métro Chateau-Rouge ligne 4 et Marcardet-Poissonniers ligne 12.
33334	Our flat has recently been renovated so it is very clean. It has one bedroom with double bed, and one room for a chil with a baby cot. the 2 rooms have access to a balcony. The living room has a sofa bed and a dining table, although there is space enough in the kitchen to eat in it. The kitchen is fully equiped (washing machine, dishwasher,...). The appartment has a lot of store spaces (dressing in the corridor,  a storeroom in the entrance and a cellar in the kitchen) so that you can enjoy the space of the appartment. It is also very bright as it is south orientated and it is not overlooked. It is at the 3rd floor with elevator.	Recently renovated, the flat is 65m2 and fully equiped. Located in a grassy and quiet area, close to Montmartre, Abbesses, Pigalle, it also has an access to subway just down the building. Ideal for a couple, or a small family. Our flat has recently been renovated so it is very clean. It has one bedroom with double bed, and one room for a chil with a baby cot. the 2 rooms have access to a balcony. The living room has a sofa bed and a dining table, although there is space enough in the kitchen to eat in it. The kitchen is fully equiped (washing machine, dishwasher,...). The appartment has a lot of store spaces (dressing in the corridor,  a storeroom in the entrance and a cellar in the kitchen) so that you can enjoy the space of the appartment. It is also very bright as it is south orientated and it is not overlooked. It is at the 3rd floor with elevator. the whole appartment is at your disposal with access to: wifi washing mashine dishwasher hair dryer standards products (salt, pepper, o
33335	 1 bedroom, 1 living room (with couch x 2), a small kitchen and a bathroom (with shower).  washing machine, wi-fi, elevator.	1 bedroom flat in Paris 18. Perfect for 2 people (up to 4) Metro line 4/12 (Marcadet-Poissoniers) is 1 minute walking.  10 min walking from Montmartre.  The neighbourhood (la Goutte d'or) is very lively and multicultural
33336	Sur 2 niveaux, appartement clair bien qu'il soit au rez de chaussée; la chambre au sous sol reste fraîche et agréable même par canicule et est très vite chauffée en hiver. Parquet au rez de chaussée et carrelage au sous sol. Appartement très agréable. Cheminée dans la salle à manger pour l'hiver.	Appartement atypique aménagé dans un ancien salon de coiffure, sur 2 niveaux : cuisine/salle à manger (lave linge et lave vaisselle), beau salon avec banquette clic clac 2 pers, TV avec chaînes satellite, DVD, WIFI, chambre et WC au sous sol. Sur 2 niveaux, appartement clair bien qu'il soit au rez de chaussée; la chambre au sous sol reste fraîche et agréable même par canicule et est très vite chauffée en hiver. Parquet au rez de chaussée et carrelage au sous sol. Appartement très agréable. Cheminée dans la salle à manger pour l'hiver. Accès complet. Attention! Il y a des marches, ne convient pas à des personnes qui ont des difficultés à se déplacer. Selon les destinations de mes propres voyages, je serai peut être joignable par téléphone mobile. Mon quartier est vivant et commerçant, on trouve tous les commerces nécessaires et différents types de restaurants à 5 mon à pied. A 10 min se trouve le très animé quartier des Abbesses. 1 ligne de métro à 5 min 1 autre à 10mn et 4 bus desserva
33337	"2 rooms appartment 50m² for 2 or 4 persons, clear, quiet, 5th floor with elevator in a nice modern building. New appartment, US kitchen totally equipped with new material, 1 bedroom, 1 sofa bed pour 2, 1 baby bed, 1 bathroom, toilets separated, 1 balcony TV, Internet in a nice area not touristic in montmartre. Lot of food shops and typically french market place. 10 minutes by walk from trendy shops, restaurants, cafes in Abesses area, and 15 minutes from famous flea market ""Puces de Clignancourt"" Subway station Jules Joffrin and 5 bus lines, Montmartrobus in front of the appartment"	"2 rooms appartment 50m² for 2 or 4 persons, clear, quiet, 5th floor with elevator in a nice modern building. New appartment, US kitchen totally equipped with new material, 1 bedroom, 1 sofa bed pour 2, 1 baby bed, 1 bathroom, toilets separated, 1 balcony TV, Internet in a nice area not touristic in montmartre. Lot of food shops and typically french market place. 10 minutes by walk from trendy shops, restaurants, cafes in Abesses area, and 15 minutes from famous flea market ""Puces de Clignancourt"" Subway station Jules Joffrin and 5 bus lines, Montmartrobus in front of the appartment"
33338		Accès facile. Plusieurs stations de metro
33339	Ideal for four guests, the apartment is large (80 square meters). Rooms are distributed auround a large hallway. Living-room: about 35 sqm (m2) Bedrooms: 15 sqm (m2) & 14 sqm Access: elevator                            ******* 	"Wooden floors and Art Deco gives lot of charm to our apartment. You'll enjoy our 2 large bedrooms and the spacious & bright living-room. At the heart of the typical African market in Paris, 100m from the subway and 10 min walk to Montmartre. Ideal for four guests, the apartment is large (80 square meters). Rooms are distributed auround a large hallway. Living-room: about 35 sqm (m2) Bedrooms: 15 sqm (m2) & 14 sqm Access: elevator                            ******* Our Neighbourhood is multicultural & very animated, with the african market just at the corner, unique in Paris. If you walk just 10 min. you will arrive at Montmartre, one of the most visited place of the city. - On your way to Montmartre you will find bars and restaurants, still affordable and really friendly. We'll give you the best adresses, according what you want.                             ************ TRANSPORTS We're located 55 min. from Charles de Gaulle airport : - Just take ""RER B"" train, to Gare du Nord. - Then,"
33340	"The flat is 30 square meters with 2 rooms. Very sunny. Fully equipped kitchen. Wi-fi, TV, all shops around. 30 secondes from subway 4 (station ""Simplon"") and 10 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur."	"The whole flat will be for yourself ! This charming and cosy place is perfect for any hideway trip in Paris. Located near the Sacré-Coeur and fashionable Montmartre, 10 min walk will take you to 'place des Abesses', so parisian :) The flat is 30 square meters with 2 rooms. Very sunny. Fully equipped kitchen. Wi-fi, TV, all shops around. 30 secondes from subway 4 (station ""Simplon"") and 10 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur. 30 secondes walk from subway 4 (station ""Simplon"") and 5 minutes walk from subway 12 (station ""Jules Joffrin"") : so you can go anywhere very fast :) "
33341	Unique « Atelier d’artiste » with incredible views all over Paris! Unique is not too much : located in the vivid and authentic area of Pigalle, the flat is on the 6th and last floor (elevator !). From here you will have a view all over Montmartre and the Sacré-Cœur. From the living-room and kitchen, the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Panthéon and Centre Pompidou will be at your feet… The flat is a typical « Haussmanian » one with wooden floor (« pointe de Hongrie »), ceilings decorated with mouldings, very big for Paris (120m², 1400 square feet). Until November 2014, and during 3 years, we used to have one guest room in our flat. Now, most of the time, as we have bought a house in the countryside to spend our week-ends, we rent the whole flat during week-ends and holidays for families, groups of friends or even just a couple who wish to have the biggest flat it is possible to have and dream of in Paris ! The size of the flat is amazing for Paris : 120m² (1400 square feet), 3 real bedrooms ap	Unique is not too much: from the flat you will have a 360° view all over Montmartre and the Sacré-Cœur, the Eiffel Tower, the Opera Garnier & more! 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, huge living room, 120 sq meters, great interior design with pieces of arts Unique « Atelier d’artiste » with incredible views all over Paris! Unique is not too much : located in the vivid and authentic area of Pigalle, the flat is on the 6th and last floor (elevator !). From here you will have a view all over Montmartre and the Sacré-Cœur. From the living-room and kitchen, the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Panthéon and Centre Pompidou will be at your feet… The flat is a typical « Haussmanian » one with wooden floor (« pointe de Hongrie »), ceilings decorated with mouldings, very big for Paris (120m², 1400 square feet). Until November 2014, and during 3 years, we used to have one guest room in our flat. Now, most of the time, as we have bought a house in the countryside to spend our week-ends, we rent the whole flat durin
33342	A deux pas de Montmartre bel appartement Haussmanien avec une chambre double avec futon un grand salon avec cuisine a l'américaine et une belle salle de bain avec une baignoire tête de Lyon , Quartier vivant avec tous les commerces nécessaires .	Charmant 2 pièce Haussmanien a 5min de la gare du nord et 10min de Montmarte dans un quartier vivant avec tous les commerces  nécessaires : Boulangerie, Pressing, Epicerie, Supermarché , Marché populaire le samedi et mercredi matin , Metro a 2min .  A deux pas de Montmartre bel appartement Haussmanien avec une chambre double avec futon un grand salon avec cuisine a l'américaine et une belle salle de bain avec une baignoire tête de Lyon , Quartier vivant avec tous les commerces nécessaires . Cinéma LOUXOR , Bibliothèque , Montmartre  Montmartre a 5min , Le cinéma Louxor , La grande bibliothèque , Le marché populaire le samedi et mercredi matin  Metro ligne 2 , Bus , Gare du nord a 10min a pied . 
33343	The sunny 50m2 apartment is located in a lively neighbourhood but sheltered by a tranquil courtyard and thus very quiet. The whole apartment is well equipped with all you could wish for, including a kitchen with a small bar towards the spacy living room. Wifi and washing machine at your disposal.	This charming French flat is located in 10 minutes walking distance from Sacré Coeur / Montmartre. It is very well connected near metro stations Barbès Rouchechouart, La Chapelle and Gare du Nord. The sunny 50m2 apartment is located in a lively neighbourhood but sheltered by a tranquil courtyard and thus very quiet. The whole apartment is well equipped with all you could wish for, including a kitchen with a small bar towards the spacy living room. Wifi and washing machine at your disposal. Your bright and quiet room has a big and comfortable bed (1,40m*2m), wardrobe, big desk. I am happy to help you out on anything you need. I work weekdays all day long (9am to 8pm roughly), but you will share the apartment with me during weekends and when I am not at work. Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Canal Saint Martin are in close walking distance. The neighbourhood is lively and multicultural, less expensive than the Paris average and you will find grocery stores and a fruits/vegetable market twice a w
33344	Loue Studio 20m2 meublé, avec cour intérieure privative, proche métros et commerce, et situé au pied du sacré coeur. Location : 320€ la semaine ou forfait week end ou mensuel	Loue Studio 20m2 meublé, avec cour intérieure privative, proche métros et commerce, et situé au pied du sacré coeur. Location : 320€ la semaine ou forfait week end ou mensuel Loue Studio 20m2 meublé, avec cour intérieure privative, proche métros et commerce, et situé au pied du sacré coeur. Location : 320€ la semaine ou forfait week end ou mensuel 
33345	"Newly renovated studio at Montmartre. Make your stay in Paris a most luxurious and memorable time when you stay in this exquisite first floor apartement. Located at  the foot of Montmartre this property offers you the confort and the ability to explore the real  Paris just like a real ""Parisian"". Enjoy a coffee or meal in one of the many cafes and restaurants that surround this magical quiet neighbourhood.Have your silhouette cut for you,purchase exquisite art,have a portrait painted or just watch the sun set from one of the best views in the city at Sacré Coeur Basilica all just a short walk away.  This holiday rental is a short stroll to Metro stations and bus stops,where you have the ability totravel to all the monuments of Paris hase to offer such as Champs-Élysées ,Châtelet ,Louvre,Moulin Rouge,,Beaubourg,the Marrais and the world famous Eiffel Tower just to name a few. Subway:  (line2 )station Anvers,Direct to the station Charles de Gaulle - Étoile,Champs-Élysées . (line 4) stati"	"Newly renovated studio at Montmartre. Make your stay in Paris a most luxurious and memorable time when you stay in this exquisite first floor apartement. Located at  the foot of Montmartre this property offers you the confort and the ability to explore the real  Paris just like a real ""Parisian"". Enjoy a coffee or meal in one of the many cafes and restaurants that surround this magical quiet neighbourhood.Have your silhouette cut for you,purchase exquisite art,have a portrait painted or just watch the sun set from one of the best views in the city at Sacré Coeur Basilica all just a short walk away.  This holiday rental is a short stroll to Metro stations and bus stops,where you have the ability totravel to all the monuments of Paris hase to offer such as Champs-Élysées ,Châtelet ,Louvre,Moulin Rouge,,Beaubourg,the Marrais and the world famous Eiffel Tower just to name a few. Subway:  (line2 )station Anvers,Direct to the station Charles de Gaulle - Étoile,Champs-Élysées . (line 4) stati"
33346	This flat is very cosy, quite and ideally located :you should enjoy your stay here.  * Fresh sheets and towels  * Bed for 2 people  * Washmachine * Wifi The appartement is located in an multi-ethnic area of the 18th district (amazing corner!), it's really safe, and not noise because the flat is located in an inner courtyard.	Looking for a quiet & cosy place for your stay in Paris ? My fully furnished flat is suitable for up to 4 people & located down the Montmartre Hill (15 min walking from the Sacré-Coeur). You can easily reach any area in Paris, métro 4&12 This flat is very cosy, quite and ideally located :you should enjoy your stay here.  * Fresh sheets and towels  * Bed for 2 people  * Washmachine * Wifi The appartement is located in an multi-ethnic area of the 18th district (amazing corner!), it's really safe, and not noise because the flat is located in an inner courtyard. The whole flat is for renting. You can use the living-room for sleeping if you like. All the house facilities are at your disposal. I will be very happy to give you any tips about Paris :) ! Please just ask ! Walk on the footsteps of Amélie Poulain and discover this lively district! On the right bank of Paris, in the heights of the city, a bit away from the chaos and the crowd, the 18th arrondissement is a vast arrondissement, made
33347	40 m2 - 1 bedroom apartment : spacious living room with bar and kitchen - Convertible Couch in the living and 1 bedroom w/ a queen bed - 1 bathroom. Really calm / quiet and illuminated with te view over a big Garden. 	Really quiet appartment with garden view,  in the really awsome XVIII arrondissement, near the Sacré Coeur de Montmartre. It's a one bedroom appartement up to 4 people. Transportation close to the appartment to go everywhere in the city. 40 m2 - 1 bedroom apartment : spacious living room with bar and kitchen - Convertible Couch in the living and 1 bedroom w/ a queen bed - 1 bathroom. Really calm / quiet and illuminated with te view over a big Garden. There is all accomodations arround - To eat/ to go out / to visit. Subways and Buses are few steps from the place to go everywhere in the city easily Whenever you need informations i can help you. it's a really animated neighborhood and 1 street far from the area you can find the quiet street of the Village Ramey or the touristy Montmartre. Close to Gare du Nord - direct to go to Roissy-CDG Airport. You can Find 2 subways lines 4 and 12 wich are crossing the city. We can find also buses to go to Eiffel Tower or Champs Elysées
33348		Studio, ancien atelier d’artiste de 30m2 situé à Montmartre. Très calme et ensoleillé avec  mezzanine, confortable pour 2 à 4 personnes, très fonctionnel. Il est au 5ème étage d’un bel immeuble montmartrois avec vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris... 
33349	Heigh ceilings. Big windows. Chimney. Wood floor... classical parisian apartment. Double bed the main room (mezzanine). Sofa-bed in the living room (double bed). 	XIX c. cozy apt., 1 bedroom + 1 living room. Sunny with American kitchen, nice living room, cosy double bed and bathtub. Near Montmartre (5 minutes walking). Located in a multicultural district with plenty of restaurants and cultural institutes. Heigh ceilings. Big windows. Chimney. Wood floor... classical parisian apartment. Double bed the main room (mezzanine). Sofa-bed in the living room (double bed). Wifi TV Washing machine Full equiped kitchen Friendly check-in and good communication and assistance before and during the stay. Multicultural neighborhood  3 metro stations very near (lines 2, 4, 12). In the corner there is a public bike station (velib). Big windows. Heigh ceilings. Chimney. Double bed the main room (mezzanine). Sofa-bed in the living room (double bed). 
33350	"Romantic small Eden in front of the ""Sacré Coeur""."	"This cosy, calm and bright studio can welcome two persons. It's located in front of the gardens of  the « Sacré Cœur », and a few meters from one of the most charming little places in Paris. Great shops, cafés and restaurants all around! Romantic small Eden in front of the ""Sacré Coeur"". It's always a pleasure to welcome visitors from France and around the world! I will do my best to give you all the informations you need to have a beautiful stay in Montmarte! The buildind is typically from Montmartre. Calm and smiling neighborhood. Most of them are artists, like it's a tradition in this area of Paris. The studio is located at 20 meters from one of the most beautiful and secret place of Paris. Gardens, good restaurants, theaters, cafés, great shops, bars... Even bars with live music!  In this area you can live the real life of Montmartre. You can reach the studio very easily with the metro number 2 (the dark blue line). It's located at less than 5 minutes from the station ""Anvers"".  Yo"
33351		 A partir de début août.  35 m2. 4ème étage avec balcon et ascenseur. Meublé avec salle à manger ( canapé\lit, chaise et table) , cuisine (micro onde et frigo), salle de bain (b
33352	Studio aménagée dans une ancienne chambre de bonne située au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble en pierre de PARIS. Petit pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris seul ou à deux maximum.	Mini studio proche des métros pour visiter Paris. 6ème et dernier étage ascenseur. No TV. L'appartement comprend une vraie salle de bains  avec WC, lavabo et douche. Elle est séparée de la pièce de vie par une porte.  Vue sur les toits de Paris. Studio aménagée dans une ancienne chambre de bonne située au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble en pierre de PARIS. Petit pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris seul ou à deux maximum. Le studio est situé au pied de la Butte Montmartre. Vous portez découvrir ce quartier et avoir une vue d'ensemble sur Paris. Deux lignes de métro vous permettent de traverser Paris du Nord au Sud sans changement vers LIGNE 4 :CHATELET, LES HALLES, SAINT MICHEL, ODEON, ALESIA et 3 GARES NORD/EST/ MONTPARNASSE... LIGNE 12: ABBESSES, PIGALLE, GARE SAINT LAZARE, MADELEINE,CONCORDE... RATP METRO LIGNE 4 et LIGNE 12. Direct 3 stations de gare du NORD et 4 stations de Gare de l'EST. Direct de la gare Montparnasse 35mn
33353	Un très bel appartement lumineux et agréable à vivre, tout juste refait à neuf par un architecte. Tout le confort moderne. Deux chambres, l'une avec lit double l'autre avec canapé-lit pouvant accueillir une ou deux personnes. 	Très bel appartement lumineux, en plein cœur de Paris, aux pieds du Sacré Coeur : une grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte, deux jolies petites chambres et une grande salle de bains avec douche à l'italienne. Un très bel appartement lumineux et agréable à vivre, tout juste refait à neuf par un architecte. Tout le confort moderne. Deux chambres, l'une avec lit double l'autre avec canapé-lit pouvant accueillir une ou deux personnes. Vous pourrez profiter de tout l'appartement. Linge de maison et serviettes de bain fournis. Nous vous ferons une petite place dans le dressing. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour toute demande, conseil sur le quartier, sur Paris. Nous sommes de grands gourmands et connaissons beaucoup de bonnes adresses de restaurants. Le 9ème arrondissement, en plein cœur de Paris, à deux pas de Montmartre et de son Sacré Coeur mais également à quelques minutes de marche des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.). Dans un quartier animé, jeune et famili
33354	balcon filant vue sacré coeur rénové par un achitecte	apparT de 50m2 avec une chambre, situé dans la goutte d'or au 5 ème sans ascenseur. balcon vue sur le sacré coeur. expo  sud chambre  lit 160cm  literie confortable sur cour, calme. Séjour 2 lits chauffeuse confort douche italienne cuisine américaine balcon filant vue sacré coeur rénové par un achitecte accueil la veille pour les clés si possible quartier africain de la goutte d'or, underground et atypique a 10 minutes à pied de la butte montmartre et se bonnes boulangeries et cafés métro 4 chateau rouge métro 12 marcadet-poissoniers bus (phone number hidden)
33355		Chambre dans un appartement de charme et bien équipé, à Montmartre pour 2 à 3 personnes au pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur.  3 lignes de métro/bus, nombreux commerces, restaurants et bars à proximité. Expérience authentique et 100% parisienne.
33356	In the living room : Sofa bed for 2 persons and one double hung accessible by stairs . WIFI and a flat screen TV with over 224 channels and a DVD and Blu -ray player Hotplates, a refrigerator, a microwave and grill, coffee maker and kettle Basic condiments are available (salt, pepper , sugar, oil , vinegar, tea , coffee, etc. ) The room : Double bed and a suspended bed. The bathroom : Shower, a heated towel rail and a hair dryer. The toilet is in the bathroom. The apartment is very comfortable for 4 people. But it can accommodate 6 or 8 travelers (4 double beds) and offers full autonomy. You also have available an iron and ironing board.	27m2 in the heart of Paris and true popular multi -cultural and at the foot of Montmartre ! Close to several metro stations and many stores (food , but also fashion ). The historical Paris and cheap living . In the living room : Sofa bed for 2 persons and one double hung accessible by stairs . WIFI and a flat screen TV with over 224 channels and a DVD and Blu -ray player Hotplates, a refrigerator, a microwave and grill, coffee maker and kettle Basic condiments are available (salt, pepper , sugar, oil , vinegar, tea , coffee, etc. ) The room : Double bed and a suspended bed. The bathroom : Shower, a heated towel rail and a hair dryer. The toilet is in the bathroom. The apartment is very comfortable for 4 people. But it can accommodate 6 or 8 travelers (4 double beds) and offers full autonomy. You also have available an iron and ironing board. You have a flat in exclusive use. All beds are made on arrival with clean sheets . One bath towel per traveler is provided on arrival. Before your
33357	Beau 43 M2. Rénové récemment. Le 7ème et dernier étage ( avec ascenseur) apporte la lumière. Situé côté cour, l'appartement est très silencieux. Il est possible d'y vivre ( en été) les fenêtres ouvertes en toute tranquillité. La cuisine tout équipée est agréable. Il est possible d'y manger à deux personnes. La salle de bain est lumineuse et confortable.  Au pied de l'immeuble la ligne 4 qui traverse Paris du nord au sud et la ligne 2 d'est en ouest. Le quartier est populaire. Le mercredi et samedi au pied de l'immeuble, l'un des marchés les moins chers et le plus typique. A 6 min de marche, le Sacré Coeur à Montmartre. J'habite dans cet appartement depuis 12 ans et je peux dire qu'il est très agréable à vivre.	2 pièces de 43 m2, au 7ème étage orienté sud ( soleil), côté cour ( calme assuré). Joli volume et décoration intérieure soignée. Très agréable à vivre. Metro ( ligne 2 et 4) au pied de l'immeuble. Quartier populaire, à 5mn à pied de Montmartre. Beau 43 M2. Rénové récemment. Le 7ème et dernier étage ( avec ascenseur) apporte la lumière. Situé côté cour, l'appartement est très silencieux. Il est possible d'y vivre ( en été) les fenêtres ouvertes en toute tranquillité. La cuisine tout équipée est agréable. Il est possible d'y manger à deux personnes. La salle de bain est lumineuse et confortable.  Au pied de l'immeuble la ligne 4 qui traverse Paris du nord au sud et la ligne 2 d'est en ouest. Le quartier est populaire. Le mercredi et samedi au pied de l'immeuble, l'un des marchés les moins chers et le plus typique. A 6 min de marche, le Sacré Coeur à Montmartre. J'habite dans cet appartement depuis 12 ans et je peux dire qu'il est très agréable à vivre. Depuis un aéroport: De Roissy, le R
33358	Le logement a été entièrement rénové en 2015. . Tout est donc neuf, y compris l’électroménager. L'appartement est très calme,  donnant sur cour et entièrement insonorisé (sol, plafond et fenêtres en double vitrage). La chambre avec un lit double donne sur cours et la grande pièce est traversante cours-rue. Elle est composée d’un salon, d’une cuisine ouverte/salle à manger et d’un bureau. Il y a un clic-clac pour deux personnes dans le salon côté cour. C'est un appartement très agréable à vivre, dans un quartier qui bouge.	Appartement de 63 m², confortable et idéalement situé à Montmartre, au pied du funiculaire pour accéder au Sacré Coeur. Parfait pour 4 personnes plus. À 100 m du métro Abbesses, quartier typique de Montmartre, riche en activités, bars et restaurants. Le logement a été entièrement rénové en 2015. . Tout est donc neuf, y compris l’électroménager. L'appartement est très calme,  donnant sur cour et entièrement insonorisé (sol, plafond et fenêtres en double vitrage). La chambre avec un lit double donne sur cours et la grande pièce est traversante cours-rue. Elle est composée d’un salon, d’une cuisine ouverte/salle à manger et d’un bureau. Il y a un clic-clac pour deux personnes dans le salon côté cour. C'est un appartement très agréable à vivre, dans un quartier qui bouge. Les 2 métros les plus proches, Abbesse, ligne 12 et Anvers, ligne 2. Un arrêt du Montmatrobus au pied de l'immeuble. Je vous laisserai un guide de Paris à disposition, en Français, une carte et les adresses des meilleures
33359	Cet appartement deux pièces permet d'accueillir 4 personnes maximum : un grand lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé-lit deux places dans le salon.	Deux-pièces très accueillant et bien agencé situé dans le 18ème, à proximité du quartier de Montmartre et accessible en métro : Jules Joffrin (Ligne 12) ou Porte de Clignancourt (Ligne 4). Peut loger deux à quatre personnes (parfait pour un couple). Cet appartement deux pièces permet d'accueillir 4 personnes maximum : un grand lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé-lit deux places dans le salon. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement, aucune zone partagée.
33360		Quiet and charming apartment for three persons. Large living room with 2 balconies, little bedroom with two-size bed on a sunny courtyard. 6th floor without elevator. WIFI. 5mn from Gare du Nord (direct CDG airport), near lively marketplace and canal
33361	* Une chambre à Paris *  ---FOR ONE PERSON ONLY--- Chambre à louer dans joli appartement à partager de 68m2, dans le 18ème arrondissement à 10 min à pied de la butte Montmartre * La chambre à coucher * •Lit double, bureau, rangements •Lit parapluie enfant + matelas à langer disponible si besoin •1 porte fenêtre, balcon, vue très agréable sur square et église Saint-Bernard * A partager… * •Salon, canapé, tv, internet •Cuisine aménagée, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, frigo, machine à laver le linge •Grande salle de bain, douche, baignoire, fenêtre sur cour •WC 	"Room to rent in attractive apartment to be shared of 731m2, in the 18th popular in 10 min on foot of the "" Butte Montmartre"" .  ONE PERSON ONLY The bedroom: Double bed, desk, arrangements ( Bed umbrella child + so necessary available changing mat) * Une chambre à Paris *  ---FOR ONE PERSON ONLY--- Chambre à louer dans joli appartement à partager de 68m2, dans le 18ème arrondissement à 10 min à pied de la butte Montmartre * La chambre à coucher * •Lit double, bureau, rangements •Lit parapluie enfant + matelas à langer disponible si besoin •1 porte fenêtre, balcon, vue très agréable sur square et église Saint-Bernard * A partager… * •Salon, canapé, tv, internet •Cuisine aménagée, four, plaques vitrocéramiques, frigo, machine à laver le linge •Grande salle de bain, douche, baignoire, fenêtre sur cour •WC  Subway  : La chapelle Nice to be nice ;-)"
33362	L'appartement a du charme, avec son parquet, sa luminosité et son large balcon.	"5th floor, bright appartment, no elevator, in a secured building. Near all commodities. Seesight of the Sacré-coeur from the apartment. Next to subway line 4 ""Chateau Rouge""."
33363	Welcome to us! A family apartment a short walk from Montmartre. 3 rooms and a super sofa-bed in the living room can accommodate up to 6 persons after excursions in Paris. Very well equipped (TV, telephone, Wifi, games and kids toys, kitchen, corner bath). Balcony on quiet and green courtyard. Lively and family (100 m from the metro - line 12 or 4-, Town Hall, square, manege, market, restaurants). Good stay!	Welcome to us! A family apartment a short walk from Montmartre. 3 rooms and a super sofa-bed in the living room can accommodate up to 6 persons after excursions in Paris. Very well equipped (TV, telephone, Wifi, games and kids toys, kitchen, corner bath). Balcony on quiet and green courtyard. Lively and family (100 m from the metro - line 12 or 4-, Town Hall, square, manege, market, restaurants). Good stay!
33364	Located near Jules Joffrin metro station (line 12), this apartment is located in the heart of the bustling 18th district of Paris, near many shops and restaurants. You will enjoy your stay only a 15-minutes stroll from the Sacre-Coeur Basilica! Moreover, metro station Marcadet-Poissonniers (line 4) is only 150m from the apartment and allows direct access to the centre of Paris in about 15 minutes. Flooded with natural light, the apartment is located on the top floor of a quiet six-storey building secured with an electronic key. THERE IS NO LIFT IN THE BUILDING Inside, you will find a fully-equipped kitchen with a window, a bathroom with hydro massage shower and toilets as well as a living room with a south-facing window. The main room is equipped with a sofa-bed (130 cmX190 cm), an ergonomic mattress, 2 pillows and a duvet, a LED TV, a pull-down table and folding chairs, an angle closet with full-length mirror, a hair dryer and an ironing set.   The kitchen includes ceramic hob, a micr	One-room Apartment 16 m² - Fully refurbished in March 2013 Located near Jules Joffrin metro station (line 12), this apartment is located in the heart of the bustling 18th district of Paris, near many shops and restaurants. You will enjoy your stay only a 15-minutes stroll from the Sacre-Coeur Basilica! Moreover, metro station Marcadet-Poissonniers (line 4) is only 150m from the apartment and allows direct access to the centre of Paris in about 15 minutes. Flooded with natural light, the apartment is located on the top floor of a quiet six-storey building secured with an electronic key. THERE IS NO LIFT IN THE BUILDING Inside, you will find a fully-equipped kitchen with a window, a bathroom with hydro massage shower and toilets as well as a living room with a south-facing window. The main room is equipped with a sofa-bed (130 cmX190 cm), an ergonomic mattress, 2 pillows and a duvet, a LED TV, a pull-down table and folding chairs, an angle closet with full-length mirror, a hair dryer and
33365	The 700 square feet apartment is perfect for two couples, with the possibility to use also the bed of our 5 months old son.	"We rent our lovely two bedrooms apartment,  located in the heart of Montmartre, just 5 minutes from Sacre Coeur Basilica. We hope that the wooden floor and the exposed beams and stones of our home will add to the charm of your Parisian excursion. The 700 square feet apartment is perfect for two couples, with the possibility to use also the bed of our 5 months old son. You'll have access to the whole appartement, including a living room, an equipped kitchen, two bedrooms with very comfortable double beds and a bathroom. We provide bed linen and towels. We rent our appartement only when we're off so we shouldn't meet. We would nevertheless be pleased to answer any of your questions before and during your trip. Our location is very close to two famous areas: On one hand, Montmartre, with its ""village"" spirit, its paved streets and its numerous bars and restaurant. On the other hand, Chateau rouge, with its animated african market. Very close to Chateau Rouge metro station, line 4."
33366	L'appartement est très calme et donne sur une cour intérieure fleurie. Il se compose d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (machine Nespresso, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, plaque de cuisson induction, four, micro-ondes, couverts et ustensiles de cuisine, lave-ligne séchant), d'une salle d'eau (douche, toilettes), d'un séjour avec un canapé lit deux places très confortable, une table et de ma chambre. Et de toutes mes plantes :) Draps et serviettes fournis ainsi que le thé et café. 	Au 1er étage sur cour calme et fleurie, dans un 2 pièces très agréable, je propose un canapé lit très confortable pour 2 personnes. Situé dans la goutte d'Or, venez découvrir ce quartier cosmopolite et vivant de Paris au pied de Montmartre. L'appartement est très calme et donne sur une cour intérieure fleurie. Il se compose d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (machine Nespresso, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, plaque de cuisson induction, four, micro-ondes, couverts et ustensiles de cuisine, lave-ligne séchant), d'une salle d'eau (douche, toilettes), d'un séjour avec un canapé lit deux places très confortable, une table et de ma chambre. Et de toutes mes plantes :) Draps et serviettes fournis ainsi que le thé et café. Pour préparer votre séjour, une fois la réservation confirmée, je vous adresserai un livret d'accueil avec touts les informations utiles. Je suis parisien depuis 2001 (déjà), marathonien, responsable santé sécurité au travail en R&D et bon vivant ! J'adore Paris et je suis impat
33367	Provision of hotel quality is offered: bathrobe, bed sheets and towels, hair dryer ... tablecloths and linen napkins.	Elegant apartment of 55 m2 in the heart of Montmartre, elegantly renovated the 2nd floor of a nineteenth Parisian building. Contemporary style, quality, noble materials, beams and old wooden floors. Tourism or business. Provision of hotel quality is offered: bathrobe, bed sheets and towels, hair dryer ... tablecloths and linen napkins. Full apartment: entrance, double livingroom, bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. Direct mail and mobile phone are made available to our future visitors: - (email hidden) - (phone number hidden) All assets of the village at Place des Abbesses: cafes, restaurants, authentic market, shopping and transportation ... Are within walking distance of Many museums (Art Brut, Salvador Dali, Montmartre…), Venues and Performers (Cigale, Trianon Palace, Divan du Monde, Chez Michou, jazz cellar…) Theatres (Atelier, Ville de Paris, Galabru...) and cinema Magnificent arthouse Studio 28 (decorated by Jean Cocteau). Abbesses Metro Station - Line 12 - take the elevator to exit. 
33368	"Cozy, bohemian work shop in the heart of Montmartre, 25m2. ground floor Quiet small street (street RUE ANDROUET) in front of the shop ""Amelie in Paris"" and two minutes from the Sacree Coeur., the Moulin rouge in Pigalle 1 bedroom 2-person in double bed but the renting it s for one person Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking... Bathroom with shower, toilets it s outside and it s turkish toilet it s just for the work shop is located in the yard  it s clean and hygienic Pressing on the street next. Sheets and bath towels, HiFi, CD, books, Internet connection, WIFI Typique atelier d'artiste situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, ambiance bohème...c'est un rez de chaussé pratique pour les bagages.. se trouve la pièce principale très confortable avec deux fauteuils et une table...entouré de tableau de l'artiste..et le ciel de nuage. ensuite viens l'autre pièce séparée du salon.. la chambre un lit deux places, la"	"Cozy, bohemian work shop in the heart of Montmartre, 25m2. ground floor Quiet small street (street RUE ANDROUET) in front of the shop ""Amelie in Paris"" and two minutes from the Sacree Coeur., the Moulin rouge in Pigalle 1 bedroom 2-person in double bed but the renting it s for one person Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking... Bathroom with shower, toilets it s outside and it s turkish toilet it s just for the work shop is located in the yard  it s clean and hygienic Pressing on the street next. Sheets and bath towels, HiFi, CD, books, Internet connection, WIFI Typique atelier d'artiste situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, ambiance bohème...c'est un rez de chaussé pratique pour les bagages.. se trouve la pièce principale très confortable avec deux fauteuils et une table...entouré de tableau de l'artiste..et le ciel de nuage. ensuite viens l'autre pièce séparée du salon.. la chambre un lit deux places, la"
33369	Appartement pour 4 personnes situé entre les puces de st Ouen et le sacré cœur. Ensoleillé et très calme au 5ème étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble ancien typiquement parisien au cœur d'un quartier populaire. toutes les fenêtres donnent sur cour. Il est situé à 50 m du métro et proche de toutes commodités : boulangerie, franprix, monoprix, bar tabac, banque, poste, aire de jeu pour enfants, marché du poteau, restaurant, fast food et cafés. Les Puces de st Ouen sont à moins de 500 m et la basilique du sacré cœur à 800 m. Il est situé entre la ligne 12 (jules Joffrin) et la ligne 4 porte de Clignancourt. Cet appartement est constitué d'un grand séjour de 20 m² et de 2 petites chambres de 7 m² chacune dont une est juxtaposée au salon séparée uniquement par un rideau, ce qui permet à chacun de préserver son intimité. Nous avons récemment ajouté un canapé-lit BZ dans le salon pour permettre plus de souplesse de couchage. L'appartement est néanmoins trop petit pour être à l'aise à plus de	Appartement pour 4 personnes situé entre les puces de st Ouen et le sacré cœur. Ensoleillé et très calme au 5ème étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble ancien parisien d'un quartier populaire. Il est situé à 50 m du métro et proche de toutes commodités Appartement pour 4 personnes situé entre les puces de st Ouen et le sacré cœur. Ensoleillé et très calme au 5ème étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble ancien typiquement parisien au cœur d'un quartier populaire. toutes les fenêtres donnent sur cour. Il est situé à 50 m du métro et proche de toutes commodités : boulangerie, franprix, monoprix, bar tabac, banque, poste, aire de jeu pour enfants, marché du poteau, restaurant, fast food et cafés. Les Puces de st Ouen sont à moins de 500 m et la basilique du sacré cœur à 800 m. Il est situé entre la ligne 12 (jules Joffrin) et la ligne 4 porte de Clignancourt. Cet appartement est constitué d'un grand séjour de 20 m² et de 2 petites chambres de 7 m² chacune dont une est juxtaposée au salon sépa
33370	Studio Spacieux et charmant, avec plafond haut de 3 m. Il se situe dans une rue calme, au niveau rdc, propose une possibilité de loger 4 personnes. Avec un équipement entier et toutes commodités pour y passer un bon séjour  	Studio spacieux et très charmant a Montmartre, 5min a pieds de Sacré Cœur . L'appartement se situe au rdc dans une rue calme, a proximité pleins de bars et restaurants, commerces et théâtres (quartier des artistes). Très bien desservie par le transport: métro Lamarck Caulaincourt a 2min a pieds,Bus 31. Studio Spacieux et charmant, avec plafond haut de 3 m. Il se situe dans une rue calme, au niveau rdc, propose une possibilité de loger 4 personnes. Avec un équipement entier et toutes commodités pour y passer un bon séjour Les chek in est entre 7h-11:30h, et le chek out est entre 7h-10:30. Ces horaires peuvent éventuellement être négocier en avance . Internet, télévision , cuisine: réfrigérateur , deux plaques de cuissons électriques, petit four, micro-onde, machine a café Nespresso, vaisselles et ustensiles; machine a Laver, faire a repasser Uniquement si ils le souhaitent et selon nos disponibilités Proximité de Sacré Cœur , quartier pleins de charme,très animé par pleins de bars, des 
33371		Une entrée- espace de distribution sépare le grand salon ouvert sur la cuisine côté rue.  Côté cour intérieur avec vue sur le jardin et la fontaine vous trouverez 2 chambres à coucher et 2 salles d'eau entièrement rénovées.
33372		A dedicated house north of Paris, , with new bathroom, dining & living room, full kitchen, and fireplace. Great for families -- quiet street near all the Park Slope attractions. Three blocks from the subway and Prospect Park. En
33373	Beautiful appartment of 60m² just near of Montmartre and Marché aux puces of Saint Ouen, well served by the transports: 2 minutes of the subway stations Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4) who connect you to the main stations of Paris (Montparnasse, Saint Lazare, Nord and East stations). The appartment is located in a funny neighborhood, with a lot of animations and little local shops: bakers, restaurants, drugstores, bars... The room where we propose you to sleep is our saloon. You will find our convertible sofa (120x180cm), TV, wifi, coffee table, an original fireplace ... The bathroom is a large room with a bathtub, a sink and mirror. To finish, you will be welcome with open arms by an happy couple with two nices cats, who will not hesitate to advise you on the corners friendly Montmartre and its surroundings! 	The flat is well situated to visit Montmartre's neighborhood and to join other places in Paris.  Beautiful appartment of 60m² just near of Montmartre and Marché aux puces of Saint Ouen, well served by the transports: 2 minutes of the subway stations Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Simplon (line 4) who connect you to the main stations of Paris (Montparnasse, Saint Lazare, Nord and East stations). The appartment is located in a funny neighborhood, with a lot of animations and little local shops: bakers, restaurants, drugstores, bars... The room where we propose you to sleep is our saloon. You will find our convertible sofa (120x180cm), TV, wifi, coffee table, an original fireplace ... The bathroom is a large room with a bathtub, a sink and mirror. To finish, you will be welcome with open arms by an happy couple with two nices cats, who will not hesitate to advise you on the corners friendly Montmartre and its surroundings! Bedroom, kitchen, WC and bathroom Advise you on the corners friendly 
33374	Priviliged and quietly located in busy Paris. The apt faces a lovely small city park.	Montmartre – Room with en suite shower in 100m2 19th century building. Exceptional and privileged location with great view and close to shops, transport, gym. Shared access to all amenities incl Internet.  Priviliged and quietly located in busy Paris. The apt faces a lovely small city park. Kitchen, Living (incluidng a huge desk for crative moments) I will definately share some of the hot spots and if time allows take you out. Bucket load of bistros, brasseries in walking distance. Two individual metro lines hardly 3 minutes away.
33375	La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon qui offre aussi la possibilité de loger 2 personnes en plus de la grande chambre ( literie neuve ). L'appartement vient d'être rénové .Très calme la nuit.	Appartement  35 m2 lumineux et traversant avec moulures , parquet et 2 cheminées , une cuisine entièrement équipée et une petite salle de bain à 10 minutes du sacré coeur .Grande chambre et nombreux rangements. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon qui offre aussi la possibilité de loger 2 personnes en plus de la grande chambre ( literie neuve ). L'appartement vient d'être rénové .Très calme la nuit. Tout le logement est disponible. Je serai sur place à l'arrivée et au départ des locataires. Métro chateau rouge à 2 pas du sacré coeur , ce quartier métissé est animé la journée et calme le soir ( quartier africain) Métro chateau rouge à 4 stations de gare du nord.
33376	In the village of Abbesses, with its many vibrant bars, restaurants and shops, housing is a charming one room apartment located on the first floor of a typical Montmartre building overlooking a quiet street. The apartment was completely renovated in 2015 and consists of a living room, a kitchen, a sofa very comfortable bed and a lovely separate bathroom. The metro Abbesses is 550 meters from the Blanche metro station is 600 meters away. Many local shops are located close to the apartment: Monoprix and Franprix supermarkets, many bakeries (the bakery who won the prize for the best baguette in 2015, official supplier to the Elysee Palace, a few meters from apartment), delicatessens, major brands and vintage shops. The district, among the busiest in Paris, also has great restaurants, bistros (including the famous Amelie Poulain), typically Parisian cafés and bars. The apartment is a few meters from the Sacre Coeur Basilica, the famous Place du Tertre, the Moulin de la Galette and the Moul	Charming one room apartment of 16 m2 for two people, located in the village of Abbesses, close to many restaurants, tourist attractions and all amenities. Live like a real Parisian in a picturesque area full of history ! In the village of Abbesses, with its many vibrant bars, restaurants and shops, housing is a charming one room apartment located on the first floor of a typical Montmartre building overlooking a quiet street. The apartment was completely renovated in 2015 and consists of a living room, a kitchen, a sofa very comfortable bed and a lovely separate bathroom. The metro Abbesses is 550 meters from the Blanche metro station is 600 meters away. Many local shops are located close to the apartment: Monoprix and Franprix supermarkets, many bakeries (the bakery who won the prize for the best baguette in 2015, official supplier to the Elysee Palace, a few meters from apartment), delicatessens, major brands and vintage shops. The district, among the busiest in Paris, also has great 
33377	"5ème étage avec balcon (sans ascenseur) dans un bel immeuble début XXème. 1 chambre, 1 séjour, 1 bureau, 1 cuisine, 1 salle de bain (avec baignoire), 1 Wc séparé. Possibilité d'installer un lit ""parapluie"" (présent dans l’appartement) pour un enfant de moins de 2 ans."	Causy and brighty apartment T3 (45m²) near to Montmartre (20min by walk) and the Antique flea market of Saint Ouen (10min by walk)
33378	Bel appartement au 5ème étage d'un immeuble haussmanien, refait à neuf et tout équipé.  Un balcon filant donnant sur toutes les pièces vous permettra de profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris et un panorama sur la butte de Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur! Nice and Sunny flat on the 5th floor in a typical Parisian building.  You should enjoy the balcony with a great view on the Butte de Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. 	Appartement lumineux avec balcon refait à neuf dans immeuble Haussmannien au pied du métro et du quartier de Montmartre (18ème arr.) Sunny, renovated and charming apartement near from Montmartre and very close from all facilities (18ème District). Bel appartement au 5ème étage d'un immeuble haussmanien, refait à neuf et tout équipé.  Un balcon filant donnant sur toutes les pièces vous permettra de profiter de la vue sur les toits de Paris et un panorama sur la butte de Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur! Nice and Sunny flat on the 5th floor in a typical Parisian building.  You should enjoy the balcony with a great view on the Butte de Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. Proche du métro ligne 4 et 12, à 4 station de la Gare du Nord et 5 de Gare de l'Est.  Near from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, very closed from subway station. Disponible pour vous accueillir lors de votre arrivée, je me ferai un plaisir de vous indiquer les bonnes adresses du quartier pour rendre votre séjour plus agréable! Ava
33379	Exceptionnal flat with beautiful moulding Great location	22m2 bedroom in a Haussmannian flat to share with 3 nice roommates. Located next to Pigalle, Abbesses, Montmartre and Sacré-coeur. Livingroom, kitchen and bathroom to share with everyone. Perfect to live the vibrant Paris experience ! See you soon ! Exceptionnal flat with beautiful moulding Great location metro Place de Clichy
33380	Welcome! Located in the heart of the famous Montmartre area of Paris, this spacious, bright 1-bedroom apartment is fully-equipped for travelers. with access to all you could ask for right at your doorstep. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator). The main living area is open floor plan with a quality pull-out sofa bed suitable for two adults or two children/teenagers. Two armchairs allow comfortable seating for a night in, after a busy day being a Parisian! Cable TV with a few English channels and WiFi internet will keep you connected, and you can also easily stay in touch with free international long-distance calls to many countries, including the US, Canada, Australia, Israel and much of Europe.  The bedroom is calm and quiet with a luxury queen-size bed suitable for two adults. The apartment is ideally set up with two separate sleeping areas and a separate bathroom and WC. The master bed is 160cm/200cm.  The eat-in kitchen is well-equipped with all new appliances. It	Welcome! Located in the heart of the famous Montmartre area of Paris, this spacious, bright 1-bedroom apartment is fully-equipped for travelers. with access to all you could ask for right at your doorstep. Welcome! Located in the heart of the famous Montmartre area of Paris, this spacious, bright 1-bedroom apartment is fully-equipped for travelers. with access to all you could ask for right at your doorstep. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator). The main living area is open floor plan with a quality pull-out sofa bed suitable for two adults or two children/teenagers. Two armchairs allow comfortable seating for a night in, after a busy day being a Parisian! Cable TV with a few English channels and WiFi internet will keep you connected, and you can also easily stay in touch with free international long-distance calls to many countries, including the US, Canada, Australia, Israel and much of Europe.  The bedroom is calm and quiet with a luxury queen-size bed suitable fo
33381	At the very top of Butte Montmartre, the highest point of Paris, enjoy staying in the historic building where Pablo Picasso spent his first period in Paris. This big studio apartment (# 40m², third floor) offers the same view as from Sacré Coeur: 180 degrees upon Paris and area (Eiffel Tower sparkling every hour, Arc de Triomphe, Opera, ... and so on). The outlook becomes magic at sunset for romantic evenings ! Every amenities you need for your comfort and pleasure of being contemplating Paris. Perfect kitchen, large living room, nice pieces of furniture, TV, WIFI, ... In a very quiet area, most picturesque (50 meters from place du tertre), restaurants, theatres, and movies, every kind of shopping at walking distance.  The flat is perfectly located for your tours in Paris. Easy to join from CDG Airport, North (Uk, Benelux) and East Railway station. Metro and buses 4 minutes walking, 200 meters from taxi station. Bus stop 20 meters from entrance (service every 10' from 7:00 till midnigh	At the very top of Butte Montmartre, the highest point of Paris, enjoy staying in the historic building where Pablo Picasso spent his first period in Paris. This big studio apartment (# 40m², third floor) offers the same view as from Sacré Coeur: 180 degrees upon Paris and area (Eiffel Tower sparkling every hour, Arc de Triomphe, Opera, ... and so on). The outlook becomes magic at sunset for romantic evenings ! Every amenities you need for your comfort and pleasure of being contemplating Paris. Perfect kitchen, large living room, nice pieces of furniture, TV, WIFI, ... In a very quiet area, most picturesque (50 meters from place du tertre), restaurants, theatres, and movies, every kind of shopping at walking distance.  The flat is perfectly located for your tours in Paris. Easy to join from CDG Airport, North (Uk, Benelux) and East Railway station. Metro and buses 4 minutes walking, 200 meters from taxi station. Bus stop 20 meters from entrance (service every 10' from 7:00 till midnigh
33382	Sunny fully-furnished 1-bedroom flat in 18th arrondissement available for short-term (min stay 1 day) or long-term rental. Ideal for a couple but can house unto 4 people total thanks to comfy sofa bed in the lounge. The flat is approximately 37m2 and comprises : - a bedroom equipped with a double bed (purchased March 2012). Large wardrobe with space to hang your clothes. - a living room with a quality sofa bed (purchased March 2012) and a small bar with bar stools for eating at. - small kitchen which leads directly onto the living room - small bathroom with shower - separate toilets - broadband internet, wifi, cable TV including over 190 channels, dvd/blu-ray player, free phone to most landlines in the world. A balcony runs the whole length of the flat - it faces South and is thus sunny all day long ! The flat is on the 5th floor (no lift) of a clean, safe building (door code and intercom). The building itself is a 5min walk to Marcadet-Poissoniers metro, 3 stops from Abbesses (Montmat	Sunny fully-furnished 1-bedroom flat in 18th arrondissement available for short-term (min stay 1 day) or long-term rental. Ideal for a couple but can house unto 4 people total thanks to comfy sofa bed in the lounge. The flat is approximately 37m2 and comprises : - a bedroom equipped with a double bed (purchased March 2012). Large wardrobe with space to hang your clothes. - a living room with a quality sofa bed (purchased March 2012) and a small bar with bar stools for eating at. - small kitchen which leads directly onto the living room - small bathroom with shower - separate toilets - broadband internet, wifi, cable TV including over 190 channels, dvd/blu-ray player, free phone to most landlines in the world. A balcony runs the whole length of the flat - it faces South and is thus sunny all day long ! The flat is on the 5th floor (no lift) of a clean, safe building (door code and intercom). The building itself is a 5min walk to Marcadet-Poissoniers metro, 3 stops from Abbesses (Montmat
33383		A 300 m métro Jules Joffrin. Studio meublé très lumineux refait à neuf. 6è et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Literie neuve confort et qualité. Bel immeuble,  petite rue calme. A 2 pas Montmartre, angle rue du Poteau avec marché quotidien, théatre.
33384	The pleasant district of Montmartre The apartment is located « Butte Montmartre », behind « Place du Tertre » (famous for its painters), the vineyard « St Vincent », and the Cabaret « Le lapin agile. It is a village in the City, and you’ll enjoy stolling in the preserved picturesque alleyways. It’s been an animated place since… King Henri IV. You will find large typical parisian « brasseries » (pubs) (Amélie Poulain, Café Francoeur), all sorts of restaurants, sidewalk cafés, art galeries, artist’s ateliers, designers’s shops… Concert halls, revues, Theaters, movies (La Fémis). Antiques, flee-markets, traditional shops of all kinds, refined bakeries and delicatessen. The « Monmartrobus » shuttle serpentines through this life where you can still meet the artists and intellectual who made its celebrity . Not far south : the area « Les Abbesses » and rue Lepic, South again, the boulevard and its Theatres, East : Place Clichy (walking distance through the Cimetary of Montmartre), Nord, la r	"Idéalement situé, à 2 pas du Métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt, derrière le fameux Cabaret ""Le Lapin Agile"". L'immeuble de pierre de taille, construit par Armand Gauthier en 1908, rénové, a conservé son charme, ses vitraux de couleur et son tapis rouge The pleasant district of Montmartre The apartment is located « Butte Montmartre », behind « Place du Tertre » (famous for its painters), the vineyard « St Vincent », and the Cabaret « Le lapin agile. It is a village in the City, and you’ll enjoy stolling in the preserved picturesque alleyways. It’s been an animated place since… King Henri IV. You will find large typical parisian « brasseries » (pubs) (Amélie Poulain, Café Francoeur), all sorts of restaurants, sidewalk cafés, art galeries, artist’s ateliers, designers’s shops… Concert halls, revues, Theaters, movies (La Fémis). Antiques, flee-markets, traditional shops of all kinds, refined bakeries and delicatessen. The « Monmartrobus » shuttle serpentines through this life where you can still "
33385	A real 62 meters square traditional flat in the center of Paris, near Gare du nord and Montmartre at the 5th floor. Charming, bright and comfy, up to 5 persons.	Discover Paris from the heart with this 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the hypercenter of Paris, the facilities (metro direct to airports and railway stations). You feel like a real Parisian. A real 62 meters square traditional flat in the center of Paris, near Gare du nord and Montmartre at the 5th floor. Charming, bright and comfy, up to 5 persons. You will have access to the entire flat ! You will be welcome by myself or a friend of mine, in order to explain you everything on your new flat and on Paris, if you want ! A safe place in a safe area. A wonderful mix of culture : Parisian Hipster, indian, african, chinese, foreigners (due to a youth hostel close by) and... you ! The area is the place where new fashioned Parisians people want to live. Close of many facilities !! Exactly 7min walking to Gare du Nord, where you can find :    - subways : lines 2, 4, 5    - suburbs trains : line B and D (direct to the airports, or Disneyland with 1 connexion)    - Eurostar to London  
33386	We can accomodate up to 4 people in these two bright and quiet rooms of about 15 and 20 square meters.  The whole flat includes one other room, a quite big living room that you have access to, a kitchen where you can eat and cook and a bathroom. 	Two private rooms of about 15 and 20 square meters in shared flat, ideally located between Montmartre and Gare du Nord.  We can accomodate up to 4 people in these two bright and quiet rooms of about 15 and 20 square meters.  The whole flat includes one other room, a quite big living room that you have access to, a kitchen where you can eat and cook and a bathroom.  You can use our washing machine, as well as the iron and ironing board. Also the wifi is available in the flat.  Attending this is a shared flat, we'll certainly meet each other and grab the opportunity to talk together - if you'd like to. Otherwise, the flat is big enough not to get disturb. all rooms are independent.  The flat is located in the north of Paris, right between Montmartre and Gare du Nord. Transportation available in the surrondings includes: - RER lines B, D and E at Gare du Nord (line B heading to Roissy airport); - Metro lines 2 (at La Chapelle), 4, 5 (at Gare du Nord) and 12 (at Marx Dormoy); - Bus lines 3
33387	Appartment in Paris, 18th arrondissement. Furnished and fully equipped. Second Floor. Wooden floor, white walls. Living room with sofa (convertible into a comfortable double bed), table, desk, TV screen with DVD player, Wifi, library, electric heater. Bedroom with double bed (good quality futon) and cupboard, back room with washing machine, hangers. Bathroom with shower (hot water, good pressure), toilets, mirror, heater. Kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge, hotplates and a dishwasher.  Very confortable, quiet, luminosity, colorful decoration. in a quiet deadend street with parking spots. Very nice and welcoming neighborhood with lots of cafés, bars, restaurants, boutiques, grocerystores, fresh markets... Metro stations, bus stops and taxi lines nearby. 10 minutes walking distance from Parisian landmark Montmartre and Saint Ouen famous flee market. Reasonnable price !	Appartment in Paris, 18th arrondissement. Furnished and fully equipped. Second Floor. Wooden floor, white walls. Living room with sofa (convertible into a comfortable double bed), table, desk, TV screen with DVD player, Wifi, library, electric heater. Bedroom with double bed (good quality futon) and cupboard, back room with washing machine, hangers. Bathroom with shower (hot water, good pressure), toilets, mirror, heater. Kitchen with microwave, oven, fridge, hotplates and a dishwasher.  Very confortable, quiet, luminosity, colorful decoration. in a quiet deadend street with parking spots. Very nice and welcoming neighborhood with lots of cafés, bars, restaurants, boutiques, grocerystores, fresh markets... Metro stations, bus stops and taxi lines nearby. 10 minutes walking distance from Parisian landmark Montmartre and Saint Ouen famous flee market. Reasonnable price !
33388	3-room apartment of 65m2, including the real kitchen fitted out with cook, Microwaves, kettle, burn(blow) out bread, dishwasher. Big lounge-dining room with a TV flat screen, Imac with internet access, a pure sofa bed, dining table 6 people. Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, A parental room with a bed 2 places very comfortable, a child's room with a small bed and of numerous games and books. It is the ideal apartment for a stay on Paris in family.  The residence is very quiet and secured by an intercom.	3 room flat quiet and cosy with 2 bedrooms and one large living-dining room with a sofa bed. A very lively  district with numerous businesses.  An ideal apartment for a stay in family    3-room apartment of 65m2, including the real kitchen fitted out with cook, Microwaves, kettle, burn(blow) out bread, dishwasher. Big lounge-dining room with a TV flat screen, Imac with internet access, a pure sofa bed, dining table 6 people. Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine, A parental room with a bed 2 places very comfortable, a child's room with a small bed and of numerous games and books. It is the ideal apartment for a stay on Paris in family.  The residence is very quiet and secured by an intercom.
33389	In the heart of Montmartre, a 40 m2 one-bedroom apartment that welcomes up to three vacationers comfortably. 18th arrondissement // 1-minute walking distance from Metro Pigalle (Lines 2 & 12) // Neighborhood sites include Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur Cathedral Apartment details: - Second floor (one flight of stairs) - Newly repainted - Original tile in kitchen and living room - Full bathroom with bathtub - Large equipped kitchen with washing machine, gas stove, oven, coffee maker, refrigerator, toaster, dishware - Bedroom equipped with draws and hanging closet - Spacious living room with new pull out queen-size convertible sofa, stereo system, desk, Pierre Paulin chairs, industrial steel coffee table - Double-glazed windows throughout - Hair dryer and iron/ironing board available - New bed 140cm, Sofitel Please do not hesitate to contact me for more information and/or photos. Skype conversations welcome. Kind regards, Meredith 	In the heart of Montmartre, a 40 m2 one-bedroom apartment that welcomes up to three vacationers comfortably. 18th arrondissement // 1-minute walking distance from Metro Pigalle (Lines 2 & 12) // Neighborhood sites include Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur Cathedral Apartment details: - Second floor (one flight of stairs) - Newly repainted - Original tile in kitchen and living room - Full bathroom with bathtub - Large equipped kitchen with washing machine, gas stove, oven, coffee maker, refrigerator, toaster, dishware - Bedroom equipped with draws and hanging closet - Spacious living room with new pull out queen-size convertible sofa, stereo system, desk, Pierre Paulin chairs, industrial steel coffee table - Double-glazed windows throughout - Hair dryer and iron/ironing board available - New bed 140cm, Sofitel Please do not hesitate to contact me for more information and/or photos. Skype conversations welcome. Kind regards, Meredith  - Fiber Optic Internet (Wifi) - Washing machine - Interphon
33390	This Loft is absolutely quiet even if located in the center of Montmartre.  Perfect place to spend time in Paris, for both couples and families. Also unique as the apartment can accommodate up to 6 people.	Fantastic & spacious Loft (140sqm) in the center of Montmartre, rue des Abbesses (5 min walk to the Sacré-Coeur). Perfect duplex for a couple or a family. The loft has 3 bedrooms. Quiet, authentic, beamed & high ceiling, bright, TYPICALLY PARISIAN! This Loft is absolutely quiet even if located in the center of Montmartre.  Perfect place to spend time in Paris, for both couples and families. Also unique as the apartment can accommodate up to 6 people. In the heart of Monmartre, 5 minutes walking from: - Sacre Coeur - Marché Saint Pierre - Moulin Rouge - Café des 2 Moulins - Pigalle - ...  Theatres, Cinemas, Shops, Restaurants & Cafés with immediate access.  I speak French and English and I would be very happy to give you some tips around the neighborhood. Tube station Station Abbesses : Ligne 12 (50 meters)  Station Pigalle : Lignes 12 et Lignes 2 (200 meters)
33391	"UN LIEU, Destination incontournable de Paris, la Butte Montmartre fait figure d'exception. Considérée comme le dernier village de Paris, elle réserve des coins particulièrement charmants : fontaine Wallace, squares arborés, station de métro Art Nouveau, bateau Lavoir, château des Brumes.. Entre le Moulin Rouge et le Sacré Coeur, au coeur de Montmartre, cette ""maison"" sur 2 étages de 170m2 est à proximité de tous les commerces et de nombreuses curiosités. Situé à 30 mètres du métro et du bus, vous accèderez très facilement aux autres sites touristiques. - Le Musée du Louvre , 10 mn  - La Concorde et les Champs Elysées , 10 mn  - Notre Dame et la Sainte Chapelle, 15 mn  - Saint Germain et le Quartier Latin , 15 mn UNE EXPERIENCE UNIQUE, Mais plus que tout, c'est un univers que vous découvrirez. Celui d'un designer reconnu : Tristan Auer ((website hidden))  Désigné par Architectural Digest comme «l'un des dix meilleurs architectes d'intérieur contemporains, star de demain"", il associe l’h"	"Havre de paix entre Pigalle et Montmartre. La campagne en plein centre de Montmartre UN LIEU, Destination incontournable de Paris, la Butte Montmartre fait figure d'exception. Considérée comme le dernier village de Paris, elle réserve des coins particulièrement charmants : fontaine Wallace, squares arborés, station de métro Art Nouveau, bateau Lavoir, château des Brumes.. Entre le Moulin Rouge et le Sacré Coeur, au coeur de Montmartre, cette ""maison"" sur 2 étages de 170m2 est à proximité de tous les commerces et de nombreuses curiosités. Situé à 30 mètres du métro et du bus, vous accèderez très facilement aux autres sites touristiques. - Le Musée du Louvre , 10 mn  - La Concorde et les Champs Elysées , 10 mn  - Notre Dame et la Sainte Chapelle, 15 mn  - Saint Germain et le Quartier Latin , 15 mn UNE EXPERIENCE UNIQUE, Mais plus que tout, c'est un univers que vous découvrirez. Celui d'un designer reconnu : Tristan Auer ((website hidden))  Désigné par Architectural Digest comme «l'un des"
33392		Une salle de bain, une cuisine et un lit! L'appartement est à 8 minutes du Sacre-Coeur! Vous partagez avec 2 japonais! Vous partagez la chambre avec 2 japonais. You stay in appartment with 2 japanese mens.
33393	Rent for short trip our flat 60m², near Porte de Clignancourt, Really closed to the flea Market of Saint-Ouen, 20min by walk to Montmartre (Sacre-Coeur). Lots of shops and markets in the aera. Subway in the street. The flat is very quiet and peaceful. There's two big bedrooms with double-bed. A very original bathroom with a washing-machin. Toilets separeted. A spacious living-room with a desk and a open-bar-kitchen, all equipment. Wi-fi connexion.4 floor with elevator. Perfect for family and couples.	Rent for short trip our flat 60m², near Porte de Clignancourt, Really closed to the flea Market of Saint-Ouen, 20min by walk to Montmartre (Sacre-Coeur). Lots of shops and markets in the aera. Subway in the street. The flat is very quiet and peaceful. There's two big bedrooms with double-bed. A very original bathroom with a washing-machin. Toilets separeted. A spacious living-room with a desk and a open-bar-kitchen, all equipment. Wi-fi connexion.4 floor with elevator. Perfect for family and couples.
33394	This flat is at the second floor of an old building.  It's a student place, a little bohemian,  perfect for young couples and back packers! There are two main rooms, a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, a bathroom and separate WC. The flat is very quiet, even if the area is very festive, there is no noise at all, and you can sleep deeply. There is internet, you can use the laundry of the building.  Towels and bed shits are given. 	This flat is at the very center of Montmartre, at min to Sacré Coeur, you just have to climb the steps and here you are! can't find a better situation! It's a nice old parisian flat with a bedroom, a living room and a bathroom... Welcome! This flat is at the second floor of an old building.  It's a student place, a little bohemian,  perfect for young couples and back packers! There are two main rooms, a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, a bathroom and separate WC. The flat is very quiet, even if the area is very festive, there is no noise at all, and you can sleep deeply. There is internet, you can use the laundry of the building.  Towels and bed shits are given. For me, there is no better place to discover real and mythic Paris. The area is very attractive, it's just two minutes from the best touristic spots of Montmartre. There are lots of shops, markets, bars, restaurants all around. It's very festive at night in the area, but the flat is very very quiet
33395		5 rooms : 1 bedroom (1 bed for 2 in each) + one lounge (2 people can spleep in it) + one kitchen + one bathroom + one private courtyard
33396	It includes a chamber part on a platform with a double bed, a lounge with a HD TV (french and international channels), a sofa, a club chair and a little bar. A fully-equipped kitchen (microwave, Nespresso Coffee Machine, blender and kitchen stuffs) and a dining table will allow you to prepare your own breakfast and meals. The bathroom is endowed with an italian shower. Towels are furnished. The apartment is also equipped with a wash-machine, dryer and hight speed internet Wifi.	Charming apartment with 2 rooms, on the 5th and last floor of a nice building close to Montmartre (on foot or with the Montmartrobus one block away). This place will offer you all the confort you need for a pleasant stay in Paris. It includes a chamber part on a platform with a double bed, a lounge with a HD TV (french and international channels), a sofa, a club chair and a little bar. A fully-equipped kitchen (microwave, Nespresso Coffee Machine, blender and kitchen stuffs) and a dining table will allow you to prepare your own breakfast and meals. The bathroom is endowed with an italian shower. Towels are furnished. The apartment is also equipped with a wash-machine, dryer and hight speed internet Wifi. Metro: Jules Joffrin ( line 12 ) / Simplon (line 4) Montmartre: 2 minutes Gare du Nord : 5 minutes  Pigalle : 5 minutes  Opéra, Musée du Louvre, Notre Dame, Champs Elysée, Tour Eiffel...: 15-30 minutes  Roissy CDG and Orly Airport : 30 / 60 minutes  Parking : 2/3 minutes The apartment 
33397	- 320 sq ft FULL flat (30 m2) in Paris XVIIIè, Marcadet-Poissonniers metro (lines 4 and 12), 800 m from the Sacré Cœur basilique  - situated near three supermarkets, two bakeries, cafés, etc.  - secured acess to the flat (vigik pass, interphone, metal covered door)  - the flat includes a lounge room with kitchen, a bathroom with toilets and a bedroom with a fireplace, three windows, very luminous flat  - lounge room with american kitchen,  - bedroom with convertible sofa bed,  - bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine.  - kitchen fully equipped with fridge and freezer, convection oven, kettle, toaster, cooking ustensils and all you need to make your breakfast and others recipes  - Others facilities: radio-CD player, cable, Wifi, wardrobe, iron, vacuum cleaner, electric heating, bookshelves, table, chairs…	Full flat at Marcadet-Poissonniers metro station.  Please note that it is only for two people (only one double-bed) and NON SMOKERS. - 320 sq ft FULL flat (30 m2) in Paris XVIIIè, Marcadet-Poissonniers metro (lines 4 and 12), 800 m from the Sacré Cœur basilique  - situated near three supermarkets, two bakeries, cafés, etc.  - secured acess to the flat (vigik pass, interphone, metal covered door)  - the flat includes a lounge room with kitchen, a bathroom with toilets and a bedroom with a fireplace, three windows, very luminous flat  - lounge room with american kitchen,  - bedroom with convertible sofa bed,  - bathroom with shower, toilet and washing machine.  - kitchen fully equipped with fridge and freezer, convection oven, kettle, toaster, cooking ustensils and all you need to make your breakfast and others recipes  - Others facilities: radio-CD player, cable, Wifi, wardrobe, iron, vacuum cleaner, electric heating, bookshelves, table, chairs… I will be there to welcome you and often 
33398	2 rooms flat with a comfortable bedroom + a spacious and sunny livingroom with an open view. The appartment is located near the Olive's Market with finest French delicatessen to taste! The flat is perfect for a couple who wants to discover the city, enjoy relaxing at home or having a drink in the area. Nearby Montmartre & 2 minutes away from Marx Dormoy station (line 4 & 12) which brings you very quickly anywhere in Paris.	You will live in a cosy and beautiful Parisian flat, surrounded by multiple and trendy restaurants, bars, and transports.  5min from Montmartre and in the heart of a multicultural area! The whole flat is just for you! You can relax in the sofa with internet, cook in the kitchen or just sleep in my comfortable bed. If you want recommendations or tips from an insider, I am here to help you and guide you in the city: secret places to discover, must-see exhibitions, very good restaurants…
33399	Beautiful studio 16m2 10 minutes walk from the Sacree Coeur. Totally renovated, the apartment is composed of a mezzanine for 2 people (130x190cm), plus a little extra sofa bed for 1 person (120x290cm). It is located on the 5th floor, the parisian exercice ;) Bright, overlooking a quiet street with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. The kitchen (stove, dishwasher, kettle) but has no oven, no microwave. The bathroom is small, it is composed of a toilet Electric toilet (thank you not to file something other than paper) and a small shower.	Beautiful new studio with exposed beams, cozy, cozy, typical! Can accommodate up to 3 people (small beds). Enjoy its kitchen, its rooftop view and its proximity to the metro. Quiet street next to the Amelie Poulain movie's coffee ! Beautiful studio 16m2 10 minutes walk from the Sacree Coeur. Totally renovated, the apartment is composed of a mezzanine for 2 people (130x190cm), plus a little extra sofa bed for 1 person (120x290cm). It is located on the 5th floor, the parisian exercice ;) Bright, overlooking a quiet street with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. The kitchen (stove, dishwasher, kettle) but has no oven, no microwave. The bathroom is small, it is composed of a toilet Electric toilet (thank you not to file something other than paper) and a small shower. Guests have access to the whole house. The Sacrée Coeur-Pigalle neighborhood is lively and cosmopolitan. This is one of the oldest districts of Paris, you can sneak between its small streets, climb the many stairs an
33400	"A very sunny, typical Parisian flat, nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest.  50 square meters: 1 bedroom with double bed 1 living room, separate WC, bathroom, kitchen with cookware and appliances (fridge, freezer, gas oven, microwave, washing machine for clothes). Wifi access - a laptop is at your disposition. An extra bed for one possible for one personne.  The building is enclosed by a stone wall, digital code, doorman / concierge, nice neighborhood, quiet and blossoming courtyard where you can enjoy the sunshine.  Ideally located: 40m metro station ""Abbesses"" (line 12 - 5 stops away from the big department stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...), 100 m station ""Pigalle"" (line 2), in the heart of the ""village"" of Montmartre, many shops (supermarkets, bakeries, boutiques, art and antiquities), cafes (the famous cafe featured in the movie ""Amelie""), restaurants, 5 minutes from the Basilica of Sacred Heart ...  Please note: no elevator - and"	"Sunny,typical Parisian flat,nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest in the heart of Montmartre. Of course you can find cheaper studio for two people, but the space and his personal touch make difference... A very sunny, typical Parisian flat, nice and quiet. Overlooking the whole of Paris: you will be like in a bird's nest.  50 square meters: 1 bedroom with double bed 1 living room, separate WC, bathroom, kitchen with cookware and appliances (fridge, freezer, gas oven, microwave, washing machine for clothes). Wifi access - a laptop is at your disposition. An extra bed for one possible for one personne.  The building is enclosed by a stone wall, digital code, doorman / concierge, nice neighborhood, quiet and blossoming courtyard where you can enjoy the sunshine.  Ideally located: 40m metro station ""Abbesses"" (line 12 - 5 stops away from the big department stores Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ...), 100 m station ""Pigalle"" (line 2), in the heart o"
33401	"Cosy apartment in Montmartre . Very nice one-bedroom, Ideally located in the heart of Montmartre ( "" Abbesses district "" ). The apartment IS Composed of a very spacious living room That Receive a great share of light all day long , thanks to ITS oven windows. The bedroom IS Located on the short side and IS very quiet. The flat IS A Few minutes away from the Following Metro stations : Pigalle, Abbesses , Anvers. A lot of bus lines are nearby aussi passing, making it very easy to go anywhere in Paris . Order if you want to Remain in the neighborhoood, You Will find plenty to do Within walking distance ( theaters , concert halls , bars and very nice shops and restaurants , . . . anything is only 5 to 10 minutes away ). Will you feel at home. Hope to see you soon in Paris ."	"Cosy apartment in Montmartre . Very nice one-bedroom, Ideally located in the heart of Montmartre ( "" Abbesses district "" ). The apartment IS Composed of a very spacious living room That Receive a great share of light all day long , thanks to ITS oven windows. The bedroom IS Located on the short side and IS very quiet. The flat IS A Few minutes away from the Following Metro stations : Pigalle, Abbesses , Anvers. A lot of bus lines are nearby aussi passing, making it very easy to go anywhere in Paris . Order if you want to Remain in the neighborhoood, You Will find plenty to do Within walking distance ( theaters , concert halls , bars and very nice shops and restaurants , . . . anything is only 5 to 10 minutes away ). Will you feel at home. Hope to see you soon in Paris ."
33402	Small and charming apartment,  in the heart of Montmartre 1 minute walk to  Sacre-Coeur.  A entirely flat... that offer all comfort  you need, to spend the most romantic holidays in Paris. It was recently  decorated by his owner a Parisian Interior Designer. The sunny apartment is situated on a very quiet street and features public parking and an enclosed garage.  Many restaurants, bars and  French bakeries around. 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, and 2 mains subways, lines (Number 2- number 4)...easy way to visit Paris. Attention: 4 floor without elevator and small bathroom...but is always better than a simple room in a hotel around.... 	Small and charming apartment,  in the heart of Montmartre 1 minute walk to  Sacre-Coeur.  A entirely flat... that offer all comfort  you need, to spend the most romantic holidays in Paris. It was recently  decorated by his owner a Parisian Interior Designer. The sunny apartment is situated on a very quiet street and features public parking and an enclosed garage.  Many restaurants, bars and  French bakeries around. 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, and 2 mains subways, lines (Number 2- number 4)...easy way to visit Paris. Attention: 4 floor without elevator and small bathroom...but is always better than a simple room in a hotel around.... I receive them as my family!!!
33403	Enjoy a wonderful stay very close to Montmartre and the beautiful Sacré Coeur (10 minutes walking only!), in a typical parisian flat, in an Haussmann building in stones, with a superb ancient wooden floor. The flat was recently renovated and offers all comfort, especially a huge bathroom with both a bathtub and a shower, and a very nice wooden floor as well. There is a washing machine for your laundry. The living room is lovely and benefits from the sunlight all day long. There is of course wifi, but also TV through the Internet box. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, oven, toaster, microwave, etc.). The large bedroom includes a real double bed and a typical dressing table; and lots of storage space for your clothes in the huge cupboard. Double glazed windows ensure a calm atmosphere. Located very near to the neighborhood of Montmartre (that you must not miss!!), it is also easy to connect to other sites in Paris. This part of 18th district is a convenient and multicultural nei	Large flat (56m², 106 ft²) with all comfort (fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, wifi, TV). Enjoy this beautiful and sunny flat at a 10-minute walk to Montmartre! Lots of connexion to any sites (line 4, line 2, line 12, RER B, D) Enjoy a wonderful stay very close to Montmartre and the beautiful Sacré Coeur (10 minutes walking only!), in a typical parisian flat, in an Haussmann building in stones, with a superb ancient wooden floor. The flat was recently renovated and offers all comfort, especially a huge bathroom with both a bathtub and a shower, and a very nice wooden floor as well. There is a washing machine for your laundry. The living room is lovely and benefits from the sunlight all day long. There is of course wifi, but also TV through the Internet box. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, oven, toaster, microwave, etc.). The large bedroom includes a real double bed and a typical dressing table; and lots of storage space for your clothes in the huge cupboard. Double gl
33404		Lovely apt of 45m2 (1 bedroom + 1 living room) situated in the heart of the charming area Montmartre. Spectacular Eiffel Tower view. Only a short 5min Walk to historic Sacré Coeur and its famous artist square, known as La Place du Tertre. The neighborhood is the young and vibrant trendy part of Montmartre located on Rue Lepic. Many Restaurants in a 500m radius we can give you recommandations on our top 10.  The moulin rouge and several exciting venues for party animals are a couple of minutes away from home.  The apt is located very central, with three underground stations less than 5 minutes walk away (Abbesses, Blanches, Pigalle) and many Bus stations .
33405	View over Paris. located in an amazing area. ideal for 3 people but can host 4 	This newly renovated studio is located in the heart of Montmartre which is one of the most awesome neighborhood in the city. This fabulous spot is surrounded by many restaurants , delis & cool bars and has public transportation within a 5mn walk    View over Paris. located in an amazing area. ideal for 3 people but can host 4  wifi  24/24 -7/7 if needed Many notable artists lived and worked in Montmartre, where the rents were low and the atmosphere congenial, during the Belle Époque from 1872 to 1914. Pierre-Auguste Renoir rented space at 12 rue Cartot in 1876 to paint Bal du moulin de la Galette, showing a dance at Montmartre on a Sunday afternoon. Maurice Utrillo lived at the same address from 1906 to 1914, and Raoul Dufy shared an atelier there from 1901 to 1911. The building is now the Musée de Montmartre. Pablo Picasso, Amedeo Modigliani and other artists lived and worked in a building called Le Bateau-Lavoir during the years (phone number hidden). Picasso painted one of his most 
33406	- Apartment available in Paris for short rentals, vacations, holiday rentals + long term rentals. - Flat occupies entire top floor of a very rare 2 storey building, with lots of light - 2 bedrooms. - Sleeps 6 including children (DOES NOT SLEEP 6 ADULTS)  - Modern kitchen with large, open plan dining area. Separate living room with cable TV/DVD. Huge collection of books and DVDs. Master bedroom with en suite dressing room. 2nd bedroom with double bed + single bed in open study area - Fold out bed for children + cot - Newly renovated bathroom (2013) - Large study, wireless high speed internet access     	Last-min June price - 175 Euro p/night Charming apart. in a great area - full of light - Parisian style. Large open kitchen/dining room with a table that seats 6 comfortably, sep living with tv and DVD, newly renovated bathrm, 2 bdrms - families - Apartment available in Paris for short rentals, vacations, holiday rentals + long term rentals. - Flat occupies entire top floor of a very rare 2 storey building, with lots of light - 2 bedrooms. - Sleeps 6 including children (DOES NOT SLEEP 6 ADULTS)  - Modern kitchen with large, open plan dining area. Separate living room with cable TV/DVD. Huge collection of books and DVDs. Master bedroom with en suite dressing room. 2nd bedroom with double bed + single bed in open study area - Fold out bed for children + cot - Newly renovated bathroom (2013) - Large study, wireless high speed internet access      Before arriving we will send you an arrival document and arrange for key collection. Despite all its fame, Montmartre has retained a unique vill
33407	En rez de chaussée sur cour intérieure avec jardin privatif, très calme. Sans vis à vis et ensoleillé. Charme de l'ancien dans un petit immeuble refait à neuf et dans un quartier très vivant avec quantité de commerces, bars et restaurants. A 10mn à pied du Sacré Coeur, 15mn des puces de Saint Ouen et 2 mn du métro Lamarck. Vous aimerez vous poser dans cet appartement plein de charme après vos exténuantes pérégrinations parisiennes.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et la chambre donne sur une autre cour intérieure très calme. Le canapé du salon s'ouvre et peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Il est très confortable. L'appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver le linge, d'un micro-onde/four, d'une connexion wifi, d'une chaîne hifi, draps et serviettes. Nous serons ravis de répondre à toutes vos questions. ---------- Montmartre, ground floor flat in an inner courtyard with private garden. Very quiet and sunny.  Old Parisian charm in a recently restored building situated in 	Montmartre, ground floor flat in an inner courtyard with private garden. Very quiet and sunny.  Old Parisian charm in a recently restored building situated in a lively area with plenty of shops, bars and restaurants. En rez de chaussée sur cour intérieure avec jardin privatif, très calme. Sans vis à vis et ensoleillé. Charme de l'ancien dans un petit immeuble refait à neuf et dans un quartier très vivant avec quantité de commerces, bars et restaurants. A 10mn à pied du Sacré Coeur, 15mn des puces de Saint Ouen et 2 mn du métro Lamarck. Vous aimerez vous poser dans cet appartement plein de charme après vos exténuantes pérégrinations parisiennes.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et la chambre donne sur une autre cour intérieure très calme. Le canapé du salon s'ouvre et peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Il est très confortable. L'appartement est équipé d'une machine à laver le linge, d'un micro-onde/four, d'une connexion wifi, d'une chaîne hifi, draps et serviettes. Nous se
33408	Refait à neuf avec la volonté de mettre en valeur les éléments architecturaux d'origine. Parquet chêne massif dans les pièces à vivre. Cuisine intégrée avec rappel du carrelage d'origine, plaque induction, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, micro-ondes.  Salle de bains équipée de douche et toilettes. Salon-séjour avec un canapé convertible. Chambre pour 2 personnes. Équipé d'un piano de salon. Cosy appartment between Sacré Coeur and Flea Market. Art Nouveau style. 4 persons. Shows how the bulding was made originally. Focus on architectural elements. Comfort and charm.	Votre séjour à Paris Montmartre dans un appartement traversant de charme refait à neuf au 1er étage d’un immeuble ancien de style Art Nouveau. A proximité du Sacré-Cœur, des puces de Saint-Ouen, du cimetière de Montmartre, l’Hôtel des artistes. Refait à neuf avec la volonté de mettre en valeur les éléments architecturaux d'origine. Parquet chêne massif dans les pièces à vivre. Cuisine intégrée avec rappel du carrelage d'origine, plaque induction, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, micro-ondes.  Salle de bains équipée de douche et toilettes. Salon-séjour avec un canapé convertible. Chambre pour 2 personnes. Équipé d'un piano de salon. Cosy appartment between Sacré Coeur and Flea Market. Art Nouveau style. 4 persons. Shows how the bulding was made originally. Focus on architectural elements. Comfort and charm. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. All visitors welcome! Quartier calme mais très commerçant. Marché au bout de la rue les samedis et mercredis ! Nombreux commerces à proximité : superm
33409	Hello !  The appartment is 105 m2, very light, with a big living room, a kitchen, 2 big rooms, a bathroom with a bathtub, a wc private,  The appartement is white, mostly quiet, with woods inside and nice furniture from 1920. It's near Montmartre,  Sacre Coeur, Opera, Galeries Lafayettes , 15 mns from Champs Elysees and Eiffel Tower. Busses, metro, not far from Gare du Nord Station. Many bars, restaurants, clubs, fashion shops, supermarket open until 11 pm (just in front of the apartment). We only rent this appatment when we are travelling or when we are on vacation. Please feel free to contact us for any more informations ! :-)	Hello !  The appartment is 105 m2, very light, with a big living room, a kitchen, 2 big rooms, a bathroom with a bathtub, a wc private,  The appartement is white, mostly quiet, with woods inside and nice furniture from 1920. It's near Montmartre,  Sacre Coeur, Opera, Galeries Lafayettes , 15 mns from Champs Elysees and Eiffel Tower. Busses, metro, not far from Gare du Nord Station. Many bars, restaurants, clubs, fashion shops, supermarket open until 11 pm (just in front of the apartment). We only rent this appatment when we are travelling or when we are on vacation. Please feel free to contact us for any more informations ! :-)
33410	When you are sitting on the main balcony you can see the eiffel tower, Montmatre and all the main touristic places of Paris. 	2 bedrooms, a living room, 3 balconies. The appartement is base at the 27th floor, it is very sunny and confortable. The bus station is 2mn by foot and the metro station is 6mn far. When you are sitting on the main balcony you can see the eiffel tower, Montmatre and all the main touristic places of Paris.  Washing machine, elevators, barbecue, micro wave, TV and wifi. Possibility of parking. I can answer your questions by email and hope to be here at you arrival. iI this is not possible, good friends leaving in the building will meeet you and explain you how to enjoy your stay. This is a popular area in Paris with a covered market place, bars and restaurants. There is a public swimming pool a the bottom of the apartment.  Metro station is Marx Dormoy, line 12, 5 mn walking from the appartment. Busses station is Place Hebert (line 35 and 60). Busses drive you to gare du Nord, gare de l'Est and other convenient places.
33411	The flat is 30sq meters big.  In the living room you will find a convertible corner sofa (possibility of adding 2 people with an available matress if necessery - paying 15 extra euros ), a large cable television (with VOD -at your charge-, Canal +, Beinsports for sports fans), and an open kitchen (equipped with fridge, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, oven/microwave...).  The bedroom has a double bed and is overlooking a courtyard with a beautiful fig tree. The bathroom is small but functionnal. It is equipped with shower and a sink (hairdryer available).  	Located in the heart of Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, Rue des Abbesses, Abbesses Metro station (line 12), and Anvers Metro Station (line 2),  The flat is 30sq meters big.  In the living room you will find a convertible corner sofa (possibility of adding 2 people with an available matress if necessery - paying 15 extra euros ), a large cable television (with VOD -at your charge-, Canal +, Beinsports for sports fans), and an open kitchen (equipped with fridge, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, oven/microwave...).  The bedroom has a double bed and is overlooking a courtyard with a beautiful fig tree. The bathroom is small but functionnal. It is equipped with shower and a sink (hairdryer available).  High speed wifi is available in the apartement.  Towels and linen will be provided.  A washer dryer can also be used if necessery. It will be my pleasure to give some good advice of restaurants / shops in the neighbourhood, and prevent you from the lousy turistic shops and 
33412		Nice flat, close to Montmartre (less than 5min walking), many transports facilities (L2/L4/L12, direct line to CDG airport at international railway station) Large living room, open kitchen fully equipped and nice room with no view on neighbors.
33413	The flat is a great space for two people.  Having a separate bedroom to the living room allows enough space to chill out after a busy day. The kitchen has two rings and is fully equipped so you csn be the true Parisian and cook in if you want. The bathroom has retained its Paris bath and has a shower over it. Its on the fifth floor, which means 96 steps! If you are relatively fit they aren't a problem....and we always treat ourselves to a daily bun because we reckon we earn it.	The flat is a great space for two people.  Having a separate bedroom to the living room allows enough space to chill out after a busy day. The kitchen has two rings and is fully equipped so you csn be the true Parisian and cook in if you want. The bathroom has retained its Paris bath and has a shower over it. Its on the fifth floor, which means 96 steps! If you are relatively fit they aren't a problem....and we always treat ourselves to a daily bun because we reckon we earn it. You have full use of the apartment. You need to bring towels, sheets, duvet cover and pillow cases. Its on the fifth floor, and as is typical with apt blocks of this age, there is no lift..but the stairs (96) are manageable. Keys will be delivered to you in London or posted to you for extra charge. No. We live in London so whilst we are available to chat to you both before you go and whilst you are there, we won't be there to meet you. The area is vibrant, but still laid back. There's a great covered market and 
33414	Hello,  Travelling away from Paris, I rent my apartment during this period.  The metro station is Guy Moquet, ( Line 13 ), at 5 minutes walk. Ten minutes walking from Montmartre. Very nice neighbourhood taht offers a lot of local shops and markets ( carrefour market at 5 minutes, bakery at 3 minutes... ) The apartment is located on the ground floor, and has a 15 m2 private garden with barbecue. It is 40 m2 big, consists in one bedroom and a living room with an american kitchen ( fully equipped with oven, micro wave, coffee machine, hot plates, fridge, freezer, tea kettle... ). The bathroom is with bathtub.  Sheets and towels are provided. The apartment is very quiet ( away from the street ). Fully Furnished apartment with wi-fi internet, very well heated ( heating and hot water included ), fresh during summer. Convertible Sofa in the living room. Tea, coffee, soda and juice offered at arrival.  Please contact me if interested, I will be happy to answer your questions. 	Hello,  Travelling away from Paris, I rent my apartment during this period.  The metro station is Guy Moquet, ( Line 13 ), at 5 minutes walk. Ten minutes walking from Montmartre. Very nice neighbourhood taht offers a lot of local shops and markets ( carrefour market at 5 minutes, bakery at 3 minutes... ) The apartment is located on the ground floor, and has a 15 m2 private garden with barbecue. It is 40 m2 big, consists in one bedroom and a living room with an american kitchen ( fully equipped with oven, micro wave, coffee machine, hot plates, fridge, freezer, tea kettle... ). The bathroom is with bathtub.  Sheets and towels are provided. The apartment is very quiet ( away from the street ). Fully Furnished apartment with wi-fi internet, very well heated ( heating and hot water included ), fresh during summer. Convertible Sofa in the living room. Tea, coffee, soda and juice offered at arrival.  Please contact me if interested, I will be happy to answer your questions. 
33415		This nice appartment is perfect for couples or groups of friends who want to be close to Montmartre or the Sacré Cœur (ten minutes by walk) for an affordable price. Close to many metro and bus stations. Two rooms. One good sofa bed and an air matress
33416	Located above the Abbesses metro, 2 min from the Sacre Coeur. Ground Floor , light. Entrance on a quiet street, triple glazing, no noise. Interior white wood and stones. American kitchen: Oven, Dishwasher ... Mezzanine 2 cozy places. 2 seater sofa in the lounge area also. Bathroom with Italian shower fully tiled and (website hidden), Wifi .. Ideal for 1 (2 person)  or 2 couples (4 person ) or little family with 2 children (3 or 4 persons). This ground floor apartment can accommodate people with disabilities.	"In the heart of Paris ""  Montmartres Hill"". Lovely Ground floor loft  30m2 By 2 mn walk from every beauties (ex: Sacre Coeur ), beautiful clothes shop,  and lovely french bistros .I  and unforgettable trip. Located above the Abbesses metro, 2 min from the Sacre Coeur. Ground Floor , light. Entrance on a quiet street, triple glazing, no noise. Interior white wood and stones. American kitchen: Oven, Dishwasher ... Mezzanine 2 cozy places. 2 seater sofa in the lounge area also. Bathroom with Italian shower fully tiled and (website hidden), Wifi .. Ideal for 1 (2 person)  or 2 couples (4 person ) or little family with 2 children (3 or 4 persons). This ground floor apartment can accommodate people with disabilities. Ground Floor. Entrance on a quiet street, triple glazing, secure, soundproof. Above the Abbesses metro. On Montmartre. Access with or without stairs to climb. Metro: Abbesses Line 12 / Line 2 Pigalle To reserve this apartment guests must valid your photo and your id with Airbnb "
33417	Small Flat typical from this district of Paris, with access to a patio.	Small Flat typical from this district of Paris, with access to a patio. Clos to Metro Line 2 (Blanche and Pigalle) Line 12 (Pigalle and Abbesses) and lin 13 (Place de clichy)
33418		Cet appartement de 45m2 est situé à la station de métro Jules Joffrin (2 stations de Montmartre et 20mn à Pied). A proximité de tout genre de commerce, il est dans un quartier qui ressemble à un petit (website hidden) plus, il est doté d'un petit balcon. 
33419		Very Charming, Calm & Cosy Flat (10mn walk from Montmartre)  Fully furnished - Big bedrooms (king size bed) 4th floor, 5mn walk to metro J. Joffrin, Guy Moquet (line 12 & 13)  Very friendly host, will be at your disposal during your stay !
33420	"Charming, cosy and bright apartment a few step away from Montmartre. Great view on ""Sacré Coeur Basilique"" and on the rooftops of Paris.  Located in a typical parisian building, the apartment is 30 sqm big and sleeps 2 persons comfortably + 1 on a convertible sofa. 7th floor with elevator."	"Hi, I rent my flat in Paris with one bedroom, one living room, a separated kitchen, fully equipped. You can enjoy the great view on the Sacré Coeur and on the rooftops of Paris from the 2 balconies. Eclectic area, magic environment! Charming, cosy and bright apartment a few step away from Montmartre. Great view on ""Sacré Coeur Basilique"" and on the rooftops of Paris.  Located in a typical parisian building, the apartment is 30 sqm big and sleeps 2 persons comfortably + 1 on a convertible sofa. 7th floor with elevator. - Bedroom with a big and comfortable double bed  - Living room with a bed suitable for 2 person  - Equipped kitchen  - Bathroom with a shower  - 2 balconies with a great view on Paris - wifi and soundsystem - Sheets and towels provided Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! This apartment is a key for having a pleasant time in Paris! It's a great cultural area with spice shops"
33421	The studio is 20m2, very cosy. There is a big bed, very comfortable. Little kitchen and bathroom.	Located in the heart of Montmartre, surrounded by a lot of little shops and places to eat and to visit. My studio is perfect to welcome 2 friends or a couple for a little escapade in Paris. I will make sure your stay is perfect ! The studio is 20m2, very cosy. There is a big bed, very comfortable. Little kitchen and bathroom. I will meet you to give you the keys and show you around the neighbourhood. I will be avalaible for you if you have any questions ! The neighborhood is simply the best of Paris : typical yet not too touristic, small streets, amazing view of Paris, in between the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, the famous rue Lepic of the movie Amelie, the neighborhood of les Abbesses, delicious bakeries and restaurant, fun bars, parcs. Village atmosphere ! 3 subway stations around the appartement and many buses. Lamarck-Caulaincourt ligne 12 Blanche ligne 2 Abbesses ligne 12 No elevator.
33422	LOUNGE : sofa bed for 2 persons One suspended double bed WIFI TV, DVD and Blu -ray player KITCHEN Hot Plates, refrigerator, microwave and grill, coffee maker and a kettle BEDROOM : Double bed And another double bed suspended BATHROOM : Shower Hair dryer iron and ironing board The toilets are separated. The apartment is very comfortable for 4 or 6 people and can accommodate until 8 passengers (4 double beds).	"27m2 in the heart of Paris and true popular multi -cultural and at the foot of Montmartre ! Close to several metro stations and many stores (food , but also fashion ). The historical Paris and cheap living . LOUNGE : sofa bed for 2 persons One suspended double bed WIFI TV, DVD and Blu -ray player KITCHEN Hot Plates, refrigerator, microwave and grill, coffee maker and a kettle BEDROOM : Double bed And another double bed suspended BATHROOM : Shower Hair dryer iron and ironing board The toilets are separated. The apartment is very comfortable for 4 or 6 people and can accommodate until 8 passengers (4 double beds). Exclusive use flat. Sheets and towels are provided. By e-mail and sms. Paris guide and map are provided. POPULAR and COSMOPOLITE area. La Chapelle metro station, indian area. Chateau Rouge metro station, african area. Barbès metro station, maghreb area. Click the ""GUIDE"" for more information on the stores and places that I recommend. Various shops near the apartment: supermarke"
33423	It starts with a long corridor with storage. On the left there is the bedroom full furnished with nice armchairs and cloths storages. From the bedroom you can go to the balcony and enjoy the sun for a nice brunch, or look at the sunset with a nice glass of wine!  On the left of the corridor there is the bathroom and toilet. At the end of the corridor you'll see the kitchen full-furnished with everything you need, oven, fridge, washing machine, hotplates, kitchen utensil etc.. The flat is on the 5 th floor. You can access to it by elevator or stairs. It's a very typical old parisian building with a lots of charm.	Lovely Apartment 10 minutes walking from the Sacré coeur, surrounded by 3 differents metro station. The flat is perfect for a couple who would like to visit Paris for the summer. It starts with a long corridor with storage. On the left there is the bedroom full furnished with nice armchairs and cloths storages. From the bedroom you can go to the balcony and enjoy the sun for a nice brunch, or look at the sunset with a nice glass of wine!  On the left of the corridor there is the bathroom and toilet. At the end of the corridor you'll see the kitchen full-furnished with everything you need, oven, fridge, washing machine, hotplates, kitchen utensil etc.. The flat is on the 5 th floor. You can access to it by elevator or stairs. It's a very typical old parisian building with a lots of charm. I will live in the neighborhood really near to the flat and will help you if you need anything. The neighborhood is unique. A very typical one, full of really nice people , very cosmopolitan! There are
33424	Apartment with high quality furnitures. 2 bedrooms with one double bed and one single bed. An other double bed is available as the sofa can be converted into a bed (comfortable mattress).	Lovely apartment to rent. Ideally placed on the north of Paris, you can easily go to the downtown using the metro or your car. Very closed to Montmartre stairs and Abesses & Pigalle area (15 min by walk). Located on the first floor. Apartment with high quality furnitures. 2 bedrooms with one double bed and one single bed. An other double bed is available as the sofa can be converted into a bed (comfortable mattress). Easy access to Montmartre and Paris downtown with the metro (nearest metro Jules Joffrin, line 12). Located on the first floor. Very pleasant area with restaurants, theater and pubs. Very pleasant neighborhood.  Montmartre, Les Abesses...Cultural and shopping !  Metro Line 12 - Jules Joffrin or Bus 31 (Damremont station)
33425	Newly renovated in 2012 this 28 m 2 studio in Paris with a huge 7m 2 balcony overlooks a sunny garden (perfect for a coffee) on the 3rd floor and has the sun all day around. It is charming and modern and not far from the sacred heart and Montmartre… Thanks to it's ceiling bed (see pictures) it has a large open living space during the day. Please note that this is a studio and not 2 separate rooms but that you do have the place all alone. There is a big bathroom with WC, bathtub/shower and a washer/dryer. Close to many shops and the Gare du Nord (direct line to and from the 2 airports Charles de Gaule and Orly) it's easy to get everything you need within minutes.  There is Internet/WIFI, a DVD and a TV and a fully equipped kitchen with a cute little bar to have breakfast on. There are all the basics available to you for cooking ; oil, salt and pepper, tea and a nespresso machine !  Clean sheets and towels are provided with the basic amenities for your shower. The building itself is very	Newly renovated in 2012 this 28 m 2 studio in Paris with a huge 7m 2 balcony overlooks a sunny garden (perfect for a coffee) on the 3rd floor and has the sun all day around. It is charming and modern and not far from the sacred heart and Montmartre… Thanks to it's ceiling bed (see pictures) it has a large open living space during the day. Please note that this is a studio and not 2 separate rooms but that you do have the place all alone. There is a big bathroom with WC, bathtub/shower and a washer/dryer. Close to many shops and the Gare du Nord (direct line to and from the 2 airports Charles de Gaule and Orly) it's easy to get everything you need within minutes.  There is Internet/WIFI, a DVD and a TV and a fully equipped kitchen with a cute little bar to have breakfast on. There are all the basics available to you for cooking ; oil, salt and pepper, tea and a nespresso machine !  Clean sheets and towels are provided with the basic amenities for your shower. The building itself is very
33426		Appartement récemment rénové par architecte, idéalement situé à Montmartre. Belle hauteur sous plafond (3,8m), chambre en mezzanine, pièce de vie de 26 m2 s'ouvrant sur une grande terrasse de 20m2 avec prestations haut de gamme (marbre, parquet,...)
33427	Located in the heart of Montmartre, you can discover a part of Paris on foot ! The apartment is bright and very calm. A little balcony with a table and 2 chairs will make you enjoy an apéritif or a dinner during summer.  Located in the 5th floor (without elevator), the apartment has charming moulding and parquet floor :)  The apartment has a surface area of 42 m2. It is made up of one room with a double bed nd a bathroom, a fitted kitchen and a living room with a sofa bed (120cm wide).  You have a washing machine, Internet, WIFI, an Ipad, a woven and a hair dryer. Towels and  et sheets included Entrance with digicode et electronic pass. We have a cat but he won't be present during your stay.	Located in one of the most beautiful district, stay in our pleasant and full of light apartment. In the heart of Montmartre, 10 minutes walking from the Sacré coeur. Near by métros 4, 12.    Located in the heart of Montmartre, you can discover a part of Paris on foot ! The apartment is bright and very calm. A little balcony with a table and 2 chairs will make you enjoy an apéritif or a dinner during summer.  Located in the 5th floor (without elevator), the apartment has charming moulding and parquet floor :)  The apartment has a surface area of 42 m2. It is made up of one room with a double bed nd a bathroom, a fitted kitchen and a living room with a sofa bed (120cm wide).  You have a washing machine, Internet, WIFI, an Ipad, a woven and a hair dryer. Towels and  et sheets included Entrance with digicode et electronic pass. We have a cat but he won't be present during your stay. You will have access to the entire apartment.  However, some closets ith our private stuff will be unauthori
33428	Duplex architect flat next to Montmartre district, surrounded by cool restaurants and attractions. Perfect for a couple who would live the life of a real parisian.  The flat is in a typical parisian building, in old artist loft recently renovated. It has two floors with all the modern commodities, flat screen TV with cable, queen size bed and a fully equiped kitchen.  The loft is yours for the duration of your stay, you can have access to all the equipment. Indian billiard, empty dressing to put your clothes... I answer questions on a daily basis.  The loft is located in the middle of the hipster 18th district, close to Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge and Pigalle but also the biggest flea market in Europe (Puces de Saint Ouen/ Marché aux puces). The area has got a lot of good restaurants and bars (Au Bon Coin, La Recyclerie).  Bus Ligne 95 , 60, Montmartobus. Metro: Ligne 12 Jules Joffrin or Lamarck, Ligne 4 Simplon. Ligne 13 Guy Moquet. 5 stops away from Gare du Nord and Gare St Lazare.  	Duplex architect flat next to Montmartre district, surrounded by cool restaurants and attractions. Perfect for a couple who would live the life of a real parisian.  Duplex architect flat next to Montmartre district, surrounded by cool restaurants and attractions. Perfect for a couple who would live the life of a real parisian.  The flat is in a typical parisian building, in old artist loft recently renovated. It has two floors with all the modern commodities, flat screen TV with cable, queen size bed and a fully equiped kitchen.  The loft is yours for the duration of your stay, you can have access to all the equipment. Indian billiard, empty dressing to put your clothes... I answer questions on a daily basis.  The loft is located in the middle of the hipster 18th district, close to Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge and Pigalle but also the biggest flea market in Europe (Puces de Saint Ouen/ Marché aux puces). The area has got a lot of good restaurants and bars (Au Bon Coin, La Recyclerie).  
33429		Appartement de deux pièces, lumineux et calme situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble du XXème siècle dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris... Vous serrez à 5 minutes du Sacré-Coeur, dans un quartier animé, idéal pour découvrir Paris en amoureux! A 5min du métro et a 10min de Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est. Facilité d'accès depuis les aéroports Charles de Gaulle et Orly 
33430	Vous souhaitez vivre comme les parisiens dans un quartier typique ? Etre proche des monuments de Paris ? Et bien vous êtes à la bonne adresse ! Charmant appartement situé au pied de Montmartre (10 min à pied), proche des zones touristiques (Le Louvre : 20 min ; La Tour Eiffel : 20 min ; Centre Pompidou : 20 min, la Villette : 10 min en vélib' ...) et ce grâce à ses lignes de Métro (4 & 12), de bus, et le vélib'.  Le shopping est également à 15 min en métro pour se rendre dans les grands magasins comme les Galaries Lafayettes et le Printemps. Situé dans un quartier vivant, une fois que vous aurez monté les 6 étages (et oui pas d'ascenseur, c'est bon pour garder la forme !) de cet immeuble bien entretenu, vous serez au calme dans un espace lumineux où vous pourrez vous détendre après une journée de visites. Appartement équipé pour accueillir des enfants, puisqu'il y a une chambre qui leur est dédiée, avec des livres et des jouets et évidemment quelques peluches. Mais des ados s'y sentiro	Appt. au pied de toutes les commodités : métro, bus, commerces de proximité. A 10 min. à pied d'un quartier très parisien avec Montmartre. Entre 15/20 min. de tous les monuments parisiens Et surtout un appt charmant et ensoleillé pour se reposer. Vous souhaitez vivre comme les parisiens dans un quartier typique ? Etre proche des monuments de Paris ? Et bien vous êtes à la bonne adresse ! Charmant appartement situé au pied de Montmartre (10 min à pied), proche des zones touristiques (Le Louvre : 20 min ; La Tour Eiffel : 20 min ; Centre Pompidou : 20 min, la Villette : 10 min en vélib' ...) et ce grâce à ses lignes de Métro (4 & 12), de bus, et le vélib'.  Le shopping est également à 15 min en métro pour se rendre dans les grands magasins comme les Galaries Lafayettes et le Printemps. Situé dans un quartier vivant, une fois que vous aurez monté les 6 étages (et oui pas d'ascenseur, c'est bon pour garder la forme !) de cet immeuble bien entretenu, vous serez au calme dans un espace lumin
33431		Apparemment entièrement refait à neuf, confortable et silencieux. Bénéficiant d un salon avec canapé-lit, d un écran plat du réseau wifi,  d une cuisine équipé avec machine Nespresso, d une baignoire et d un grand lit. Idéal pour accueillir aisément 4 personnes Metro et Bus à proximité
33432		Charmant appartement typiquement parisien entre le Marché aux Puces et Montmartre. Calme. Commerces. 20 mètres de la station de métro. 2 couchages dans chambre + 2 couchages dans living room.
33433	Vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur, jolie chambre avec lit double, dans un confortable appartement 2p. 5 min from Montmartre, with a great view over the Sacré Coeur church, lovely bedroom with a double bed, in a nice and quiet typical parisian flat , fully equipped kitchen, bathroom. 	Vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur, jolie chambre avec lit double, dans un confortable appartement 2p. 5 min from Montmartre, with a great view over the Sacré Coeur church, lovely bedroom with a double bed, in a nice and quiet typical parisian flat , fully equipped kitchen, bathroom.  Double bed in a private bedroom.  Shared fully equipped kitchen & bathroom.  I'll be staying in the other room.  I'll be here to welcome you at the flat and will be very pleased to give you all the tips and advice you'll need regarding the city and the neighborhood. The flat is very quiet and relaxing so i'll also let you enjoying it !  Montmartre (website hidden)_Review-g187147-d189284-Reviews-Montmartre-Paris_Ile_de_France.html Great place if you like music & nightlife (there are plenty of nightclubs, bars, venues, and music shops) Metro Line 4 (Barbes-Rochechouart) Metro Line 2 (Barbes-Rochechouart + Anvers)  Please mail me if you have any kind of questions or requests. Thanks ! 
33434	Charming 75m2 apartment, over 2 floors very light and like a small house (maisonette) small entrance, large downstairs open space comprising living/dining room, open plan kitchen 2 bedrooms on the top floor, one with a king size bed, one with 2 beds for the children (lenght 160 cm, so for children under 12) Possibility to add a 3rd bed (single adult). Each bedroom has large skylights and the master bedroom also has a small glass window looking down to the living room and a small balcony with magnificent views of Sacre Coeur.  Bathroom with bathtub and skylight Very comfortable for a family with 2 children.  The flat has both East and West facing windows, is very bright and peaceful (on a quiet street). A person will come to clean the flat during you stay (included)	    Beautiful 3/4 room maisonette, very light and airy, feels like a small house in Montmartre!  Small balcony with great view 4th floor apartment without elevator can accommodate a family with 2 kids special location, on the footsteps of Sacre Coeur    Charming 75m2 apartment, over 2 floors very light and like a small house (maisonette) small entrance, large downstairs open space comprising living/dining room, open plan kitchen 2 bedrooms on the top floor, one with a king size bed, one with 2 beds for the children (lenght 160 cm, so for children under 12) Possibility to add a 3rd bed (single adult). Each bedroom has large skylights and the master bedroom also has a small glass window looking down to the living room and a small balcony with magnificent views of Sacre Coeur.  Bathroom with bathtub and skylight Very comfortable for a family with 2 children.  The flat has both East and West facing windows, is very bright and peaceful (on a quiet street). A person will come to clean the fl
33435	Ideally located at the foot of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, this apartment of 2 rooms offer you all the comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris. New pictures will be available soon: The apartment is completely renovated portion of 20 December 2014 to ensure the finest Parisian stays! You can enjoy the peace and the prime location of this apartment consists of a lounge / dining room (TV and DVD player) with open kitchen and a comfortable sofa bed (160x200), a bedroom with Queen- size (160x200), and a shower room. It is fully equipped and linen is provided. Internet, WiFi and phone included. At the bottom of very typical Montmartre district, you will find plenty of shops, several supermarkets nearby, delicious restaurants, a small market on Friday afternoon along the square of Antwerp, and a few minutes walk the neighborhood Abbesses and its lovely shops and the Sacré Coeur.	Ideally located at the foot of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, this apartment of 2 rooms offer you all the comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris. Ideally located at the foot of Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, this apartment of 2 rooms offer you all the comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris. New pictures will be available soon: The apartment is completely renovated portion of 20 December 2014 to ensure the finest Parisian stays! You can enjoy the peace and the prime location of this apartment consists of a lounge / dining room (TV and DVD player) with open kitchen and a comfortable sofa bed (160x200), a bedroom with Queen- size (160x200), and a shower room. It is fully equipped and linen is provided. Internet, WiFi and phone included. At the bottom of very typical Montmartre district, you will find plenty of shops, several supermarkets nearby, delicious restaurants, a small market on Friday afternoon along the square of Antwerp, and a few minutes walk the neighborhood Abbesses and its l
33436	Un grand studio idéal pour un couple en weekend à Paris!  L'appartement fait 33 mètres carrés avec 4 mètres carrés de balcon.  Belle cuisine indépendante.	Large studio 5-10min walk to the cool Montmartre area (including Sacre Couer) and close from the Metro separate kitchen, bathroom, and balcony. bath/shower. confortable bed The apartment felt very homey (lots of books and posters) and quite tidy.
33437	Il est très beau !	Au pied des escaliers de Montmartre avec une jolie vue sur les toits, beau deux-pièces traversant très lumineux refait à neuf avec un style rétro, cuisine ouverte et spacieuse avec un grand bar. Il est très beau ! Oui Familial, convivial et festif à la fois ! Metro 12, 4. Uber.
33438		Superbe appartement
33439	Wifi, TV, HIFI, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, Nespresso....box voiture fermé. Gare du Nord 15 mn Metro ligne 12 3 mn Ligne 2 10 mn Cour commune fermée et arborée où les enfants peuvent jouer en toute  sécurité  Commerces en face de notre maison Marché de l'Olive à 5 mn Cheminée au bois	Coup de coeur assuré pour ce Triplex dans une petite copropriété calme à deux pas de Montmartre. 3 chambres pour 6 personnes. Idéal pour découvrir Paris en famille, métro et RER à proximités. Profitez de la cours, du hamac et d'un BBQ au cœur de Paris ! Du samedi au samedi Wifi, TV, HIFI, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, Nespresso....box voiture fermé. Gare du Nord 15 mn Metro ligne 12 3 mn Ligne 2 10 mn Cour commune fermée et arborée où les enfants peuvent jouer en toute  sécurité  Commerces en face de notre maison Marché de l'Olive à 5 mn Cheminée au bois Gare du Nord 15 mn Metro ligne 12 3 mn Ligne 2 10 mn Cour commune fermée et arborée où les enfants peuvent jouer en toute  sécurité. Farniente avec choses longues et hamac. Repas en extérieur avec BBQ Commerces en face de notre maison Marché de l'Olive à 5 mn Cheminée au bois
33440	Appartement agréable refait à neuf comprenant un salon, une chambre, une salle bains avec baignoire, un WC indépendant et une cuisine. Cet appartement est équipé du Wifi, d’une télévision, d’un canapé-lit , d’une table extensible, et d’un dressing. On y trouve aussi un détecteur de fumée, un chauffage central et des fenêtres doubles vitrage. La cuisine est toute équipée : on y trouve un four, un lave-vaisselle, des plaques vitrocéramiques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur et un micro-onde. Des couverts, de la vaisselle, des poêles et des casseroles sont mis à disposition des voyageurs. Dans la salle de bain, un lave-linge/sèche linge et un séchoir sont également disponibles ainsi qu’un sèche-cheveux. 	Bel appartement de 55 m² meublé et refait à neuf. Situé dans le 18è arrondissement, il est idéal pour un couple ou même pour 4 personnes. Quartier agréable et proche de toutes commodités: commerces, bus et métro (porte de saint ouen). Appartement agréable refait à neuf comprenant un salon, une chambre, une salle bains avec baignoire, un WC indépendant et une cuisine. Cet appartement est équipé du Wifi, d’une télévision, d’un canapé-lit , d’une table extensible, et d’un dressing. On y trouve aussi un détecteur de fumée, un chauffage central et des fenêtres doubles vitrage. La cuisine est toute équipée : on y trouve un four, un lave-vaisselle, des plaques vitrocéramiques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur et un micro-onde. Des couverts, de la vaisselle, des poêles et des casseroles sont mis à disposition des voyageurs. Dans la salle de bain, un lave-linge/sèche linge et un séchoir sont également disponibles ainsi qu’un sèche-cheveux. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout le logement même au vide-
33441	Located on the 1st floor of a small building, the apartment is 46m2 big and luminous.  It offer one private bedroom, a large open kitchen overlooking the living room with a very comfortable convertible couch, one bathroom with bathtub, one separate WC. A washing machine and a dishwasher are at your disposal.	Beautiful and charming apartment in the north of Paris Located on the 1st floor of a small building, the apartment is 46m2 big and luminous.  It offer one private bedroom, a large open kitchen overlooking the living room with a very comfortable convertible couch, one bathroom with bathtub, one separate WC. A washing machine and a dishwasher are at your disposal. Ideally located on the boheme and artsy Montmartre hill, the apartment is: - 5 minutes walking distance from Metro 12 (Jules Joffrin/Lamark), Metro 4 (Chateau-Rouge) and the Basilica of the Sacré-Cœur; - 1 minute walking distance from restaurants, bars, cafes, shops, several bus stops and the Montmartre mini-train taking you for a tour around the hill. No car is needed in this area. While you stay here take the chance to visit the best things that Montmartre has to offer: - The Moulin Rouge - The Pigalle area - The Basilica of the Sacré-Cœur - The Place du Tertre at the top of the hill You can even walk (20 min) or take a bus t
33442	The studio 25 sqm, on 2nd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode and concierge. The apartment door has a high security lock. Its made of a one big luminous room (Two big Windows exposed fully South) : Sofa bed table, chairs, dressing, fully equiped kitchenette, bathroom. 	The studio 20 sqm, on 2nd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode and concierge. The apartment door has a high security lock. Its made of a one big luminous room (Two big Windows exposed fully South) : queen size bed one table, chairs, washing machine, dressing, fully equiped kitchenette, bathroom. The studio 25 sqm, on 2nd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode and concierge. The apartment door has a high security lock. Its made of a one big luminous room (Two big Windows exposed fully South) : Sofa bed table, chairs, dressing, fully equiped kitchenette, bathroom.  Charming Studio well located in the famous area of Montmartre !!!  In a very lively and nice neighbourhood, touristic as well as authentic, bohemian and bourgeois, from small quiet streets with hidden typical Parisian café and restaurants to famous places like Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Place du Tertre ( the artists square), the Dali museum, Pigalle night-life .You’ll find 
33443	 three-room apartment of 43 m². A separate bedroom. A lounge with a dining / breakfast area. Toilet. Separate kitchen. En suite shower room to bedroom.	This two-bedroom apartment is ideally located in the heart of Montmartre, Abbesses and the metro. It sleeps two and is very quiet. Between Pigalle and Abbesses stations, it is located 5 minutes of Sacre-cœur and Moulin Rouge  three-room apartment of 43 m². A separate bedroom. A lounge with a dining / breakfast area. Toilet. Separate kitchen. En suite shower room to bedroom. Metro Ligne 2-12 Bus : 67 - 30 - 54 - Montmatrobus Station VELIB Station TAXI
33444	Grande terrasse de 30 m2 	"Petite chambre d'une ou deux personnes au pied de montmartre et des transports en commun y accédant (montmartrobus).  proche également des puces de clignancourt. 18 ème arrondissement Chambre, salle de bain avec douche et baignoire ,serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. WC séparé. Quartier très commerçant Proche du Sacré Cœur (7 minutes en Montmartobus) Metro: - Jules Joffrin ligne 12  - Simplon ligne 4 (à la sortie de Simplon , prendre la rue Joseph Dijon jusqu'à rue du Mont Cenis à gauche) Bus: - n°31 - n°60 - n°80 - n°85  - n°56 - montmartobus Voiture:  -Porte de clignancourt,18 ème arrondissement, parking payant à proximité Avion: - Aéroports CDG : RER B jusqu'à ""gare du Nord"" puis métro ligne 4 jusqu' à  ""Simplon"" puis rue Joseph Dijon jusqu'à rue du Mont Cenis à gauche  (54 minutes) IMPORTANT Merci de préciser , lors de vos demandes d’information et réservation, les horaires approximatifs de vos arrivées et de départs, en vous rappelant que les arrivées se font à partir de 13 "
33445		Appartement 2 pièces 30m2 métro Stalingrad (ligne 2,5,7), proche Gare du Nord, Montmartre, République...Chambre lit double, séjour avec canapé-lit, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec petite baignoire. Calme et ensoleillé. Bienvenue!
33446	301 ft² bright studio in the 3rd floor with elevator in a quiet street. It's located in a lively district in the heart of Paris, filled with restaurants, cafes, bars, shops, markets all within walking distance. You are at ten minutes by foot from Montmartre, and five minutes from Jules Joffrin subway station. Ideal for a couple, this apartment includes a double bed and an additional single bed. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, an oven, a microwave oven, 2 cooktops. The bathroom contains a bathtub, a washbasin, a washing machine and toilet. Household linen (towels, sheets) is supplied. Free WIFI access, telephone with international free calls (except mobile phones), and a DVD player are provided. If you want more information, contact me.	301 ft² bright studio in the 3rd floor with elevator in a quiet street. It's located in a lively district in the heart of Paris, filled with restaurants, cafes, bars, shops, markets all within walking distance. You are at ten minutes by foot from Montmartre, and five minutes from Jules Joffrin subway station. Ideal for a couple, this apartment includes a double bed and an additional single bed. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, an oven, a microwave oven, 2 cooktops. The bathroom contains a bathtub, a washbasin, a washing machine and toilet. Household linen (towels, sheets) is supplied. Free WIFI access, telephone with international free calls (except mobile phones), and a DVD player are provided. If you want more information, contact me. By metro
33447	This lovely, cozy apartment is located in the very heart of Paris : Passage des Abbesses, an historic pedestrian street in the Montmartre neighborhood. Renting a flat in the Passage des Abbesses, a truly authentic Parisian neighborhood , is undoubtedly an experience that you won't forget! This lovely apartment is in harmony with everything that is Parisian, perfect for memorable holidays in the HEART OF PARIS !! Shop and live like a true Parisian. This apartment offers an unrivaled variety of activities within a very short walking distance. It is right in the middle of the quartier des Abbesses, a five minute walk from both the historic Sacré Cœur cathedral and the famous Cabaret, Le Moulin Rouge. Your lovely, light and sunny two-room apartment (measuring 37m2) is suitable for a couple and two children. Situated on the ground floor of a quiet, early 20th centuy building, it has been completely remodeled and updated. A fully-equipped, modern kitchen allows you to explore nearby local ma	This lovely, cozy apartment is located in the very heart of Paris : Passage des Abbesses, an historic pedestrian street in the Montmartre neighborhood. Renting a flat in the Passage des Abbesses, a truly authentic Parisian neighborhood , is undoubtedly an experience that you won't forget! This lovely apartment is in harmony with everything that is Parisian, perfect for memorable holidays in the HEART OF PARIS !! Shop and live like a true Parisian. This apartment offers an unrivaled variety of activities within a very short walking distance. It is right in the middle of the quartier des Abbesses, a five minute walk from both the historic Sacré Cœur cathedral and the famous Cabaret, Le Moulin Rouge. Your lovely, light and sunny two-room apartment (measuring 37m2) is suitable for a couple and two children. Situated on the ground floor of a quiet, early 20th centuy building, it has been completely remodeled and updated. A fully-equipped, modern kitchen allows you to explore nearby local ma
33448	Ideally situated in a lively pleasant neighborhood the heart of Montmartre (Metro Abbesses). The apartment is on two levels and looks out over a quiet courtyard. Kitchen and loft are on the 3rd floor, bedroom and bath on the 2nd floor. Ideal for a family of four, possibly five with fold-out (website hidden) and High-speed Internet included.	Ideally situated in a lively pleasant neighborhood the heart of Montmartre (Metro Abbesses). The apartment is on two levels and looks out over a quiet courtyard. Kitchen and loft are on the 3rd floor, bedroom and bath on the 2nd floor. Ideal for a family of four, possibly five with fold-out (website hidden) and High-speed Internet included.
33449		"Charmant studio de 23 m2, avec belle vue sur un parc, lumineux et parfaitement agencé pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Situé à Place de Clichy, quartier animé et hétéroclite, à 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, très bien desservi, idéal pour visiter Paris ! 2 lignes de métro (13 et 2) et des bus desservant en direct tout Paris ! 15 min pour les Champs Elysées, 25 pour St Germain des Près... Guides, infos, bons plans, infos, astuces, je vous renseigne avec plaisir pour que votre séjour à Paris soit au top et que vous repartiez en aimant cette ville tout autant que moi ! Quartier des batignolles : c'est un vrai quartier ""village"", avec ses petites ruelles pavées, ses bars avec terrasse sur trottoir... à découvrir à pied,pour flaner... Métro ligne 2 & 13 Bus : (phone number hidden) Noctilien : N01 / N02 / N15 / N51"
33450	The flat is made of a living room, a sleeping room, a small kitchen and a bathroom. 	Near from Butte Montmartre between to subway stations (Porte de Clignancourt - line 4 and Jules Joffrin - line 12), this small 2 rooms flat (30m²) is all at your disposal  during my weekend, hollidays, and work travels. The flat is made of a living room, a sleeping room, a small kitchen and a bathroom. Travellers could use WIFI, washing machine, all the kitechen (oven, cafetiere, kettle).  Towels, sheets, soap et shampoo are provided. I won't be here during your travel but I'll do my best to help you to prepare your hollidays and indicate you the best places in my neibourghood.  
33451		Charmante chambre dans un deux pièces a partager avec mon colocataire étudiant a Paris, vous disposerez d'une chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes,  Profiter de sa proximité au métro,  a deux pas de Abesses et de Montmartre idéal pour découvrir Paris.
33452	The flat has a nice living-room, a bedroom with a double bed, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom Perfect for a couple and suitable for 3/4 persons as there is a sofa and a simple bed that can be added in the living room. 5mn walk to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. A fully equiped kitchen: a microwave, hobs, a fridge, a washing machine, coffee and tea. Access to WIFI Enjoy your trip ;)	Lovely parisian flat, close to the tube station Lamarck. Perfect for a couple who wants to visit Paris and friends who likes to enjoy the many restaurants and pubs near it.  5mn walk from Montmartre and Sacré Cœur ! The flat has a nice living-room, a bedroom with a double bed, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom Perfect for a couple and suitable for 3/4 persons as there is a sofa and a simple bed that can be added in the living room. 5mn walk to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur. A fully equiped kitchen: a microwave, hobs, a fridge, a washing machine, coffee and tea. Access to WIFI Enjoy your trip ;) We won't be in the flat when you are staying There are several supermarkets, and lots of bars, restaurants and brasseries. Near the famous butte Montmartre, Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge ! From CDG airport : take RER B and stop at Gare du Nord, then take tube Line 4 and stop at Marcadet-Poissoniers and take Tube Line 12 and stop at Lamarck-Caulaincourt. From Orly airport : Same thing
33453	The flat is new refurbished. 1 bedroom with a bunk bed and a mattress for an additional 3rd person. Kitchen is fully equipped. Space to have dinner. Bathroom with new shower. Pay-TV. WIFI. Towels and Sheets.	Welcome to this beautiful flat in the heart of Montmartre. Located just 2min walking from the famous Sacre Coeur, you will stay in a lovely charming neighborhood. The flat is new refurbished. 1 bedroom with a bunk bed and a mattress for an additional 3rd person. Kitchen is fully equipped. Space to have dinner. Bathroom with new shower. Pay-TV. WIFI. Towels and Sheets. I am always available in any case. English/German/Spanish Montmartre - one of the most beautiful areas of Paris. Plenty of restaurants, bars, shops, the world famous Sacre Coeur, artist quarter and many things more to discover. 3 Lines of Metro in less then 5 minutes walking. Line 4, Chateu Rouge - Line 2, Anvers - Line 12, Abbesses. Nightbus. Parking spots in front of the house.
33454	 If it became one of the most (if not THE most) popular and trendy place in Paris, it's because it's unique village atmosphere, it's historical . The apartment is also very confortable, with a real bathtub, and super-sunny bathroom, kitchen and bedroom. 	Dear Potential guests, You probably already heard a lot about Montmartre, and there is a reason for that.  If it became one of the most (if not THE most) popular and trendy place in Paris, it's because it's unique village atmosphere, it's historical . The apartment is also very confortable, with a real bathtub, and super-sunny bathroom, kitchen and bedroom. In short, it's the perfect place for a romantic holiday, very bright and quiet.  It's located 500 from the Sacre Coeur, 100 from the Moulin Rouge and  only 50 feet from Amelie's cafe (almost upstairs, in this case !) One independent bedroom, another bedroom located on the west end of the living room, a kitchen, a living roon and the bathroom. I'm looking for nice and reasonably quiet guests. If you're a normally social human being, with a sense of others, that should work perfectly.  And I'll try my best to make this stay memorable for you (like, in a good way !) 
33455	Our flat is charming because it is the place we live in daily and we want it to be perfect for everyday life!	Our flat is located beside the metro station Marx Dormoy in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. The flat is 35 m² big and very bright all year thanks to the East/west exposure. The flat provides standard equipements in order for you to feel comfortable Our flat is charming because it is the place we live in daily and we want it to be perfect for everyday life! Our guests will have access to the bedroom, livingroom, kitchen and bathroom. We provide space for personal belongings so that our guests feel at home. We can lend our bikes and scooter if you need. We interact with our guest as much as they want.  The flat is for them while they rent it.  I like : - La Rue et le marché de l'Olive : fresh vegetables, fruits, eggs and flowers, nice food to go, beautiful typical french 19th food market! - le 104 for the architecture  - Le jardin des tuileries and Musée d'Orsay: direct with Ligne 12 - the list can never ends so i encourage you to come  and see by yourself (you can also contact me). Li
33456	Spacieux appartement de 65 m² avec double séjour cuisine américaine et deux chambres sur cour . 	Le logement A 500  mètres a pied de  Montmartre , quartier populaire,  boulevard Barbès,  superbe 3 pièces avec 2 chambres à coucher et un double séjour. Lumineux et sans vis à vis, proximité tous commerces. Couchage :  4 personnes +1 enfant. Spacieux appartement de 65 m² avec double séjour cuisine américaine et deux chambres sur cour . Couchage : jusqu'à 4 personnes + 1 enfant +1 bébé (1 lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon)+ un lit simple dans la chambre d enfant.Couchage : lit double dans la chambre : 160cm x 200cm  convertible à usage quotidien dans le salon : 140cm x 200cm.lit simple enfant 160x90cm , lit bébé 120X60 Équipements : cuisine toute équipée, bar, TV, vidéo projecteur Internet, serviettes et draps inclus, savon et shampoing. Étage : 2ème avec balcon. Métro : Marcadet poissonnier (ligne12 et 4) Entrée avec digicode. Par email et téléphone Métro Marcadet poissonnier ligne 4et 12     situé à 5mètres de l appartement. Équipements : TV, Internet, serviet
33457	"Loft styl for this 40m2 appartment with balcony, view on a very nice and quite garden, The appartment is at the 2nd floor with lift,  you have a confortable bed going up and down, the toilet and the bathroom are separated. The kitchen is well equiped, microwave, washing dishes, fridge, oven,  cooktop, nespresso. The nearest metro station is Marcadet-Poissonnier Ligne 4 & 12  You are at 10 min of Montmartre, Pigalle, "" les puces de Clignancourt""   There is many bars, restaurant, many differents shops, you can get everything down the street I can propose nice places like ""la chope du chateau rouge"" or ""Francis la Butte""  Those places are nice and not expensive.   I'm always at your disposal to suggest you some less traditional way to visit our City and/or the last opportunities, sometimes less known, to discover something special about Paris. "	"Loft styl for this 40m2 appartment with balcony, view on a very nice and quite garden, The appartment is at the 2nd floor with lift,  you have a confortable bed going up and down, the toilet and the bathroom are separated. The kitchen is well equiped, microwave, washing dishes, fridge, oven,  cooktop, nespresso. The nearest metro station is Marcadet-Poissonnier Ligne 4 & 12  You are at 10 min of Montmartre, Pigalle, "" les puces de Clignancourt""   There is many bars, restaurant, many differents shops, you can get everything down the street I can propose nice places like ""la chope du chateau rouge"" or ""Francis la Butte""  Those places are nice and not expensive.   I'm always at your disposal to suggest you some less traditional way to visit our City and/or the last opportunities, sometimes less known, to discover something special about Paris. "
33458	Apartment comfortable and equipped: - Washing machine - Oven / Microwave - Internet / Wifi - TV Close to Montmartre and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) (Antwerp Metro line 2). The apartment consists of a bedroom, a living room / kitchen and a bathroom. There is a futon couch (extra bed in the living room) to accommodate a 3rd person or child. 3 subway lines are the same distance from your future home: Cadet (line 7), Anvers (line 2) and Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12).	Apartment comfortable and equipped: - Washing machine - Oven / Microwave - Internet / Wifi - TV Close to Montmartre and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) (Antwerp Metro line 2). The apartment consists of a bedroom, a living room / kitchen and a bathroom. There is a futon couch (extra bed in the living room) to accommodate a 3rd person or child. 3 subway lines are the same distance from your future home: Cadet (line 7), Anvers (line 2) and Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12).
33459	Refait à neuf dans un très bel immeuble.  Très lumineux et agréable à vivre.  	Appartement très agréable dans un quartier commerçant proche de restaurants, bar, boutiques. Situé au pied de Montmartre proche des stations de métro Lamarck Caulaincourt etJules Joffrin. Proche des commerces et d'une très bonne boulangerie.  Refait à neuf dans un très bel immeuble.  Très lumineux et agréable à vivre.  Internet, cuisine équipée, conseils et recommandations sur paris et le quartier de Montmartre et alentours.  Par téléphone et mail si besoin.  Quartier vivant et familial avec des commerces et une vraie vie de quartier.  De nombreuses petites boutiques, restaurants, bars, salons de thé et cafés ! Bus: lignes bus 85 bus 80 bus 31 bus 95 bus 60  Métro: ligne12 et ligne 4  Beaucoup d'endroits accessibles à pieds (5 min de Montmartre, Abbesses, Pigalle, Place de Clichy . Machine à café, vaisselle, cuisine équipée , produits alimentaires de base, draps et serviettes.
33460	This charming apartment is located in Montmartre, home of the artists in Paris, a hundred meters from the Sacre Coeur.  The building, down Gabrielle street a few meters, is bordered on the right by a large garden. The street is quieter and the apartment offers a beautiful space for four people.  But two hundred yards, you will soak in the atmosphere of unparalleled cafes, restaurants and spectacular sights on Paris’ roofs. Not to mention places to visit like the Montmatre museum and the Moulin Rouge. Two subway lines (12 and 2) and numerous bus take you in minutes in the center of Paris. The apartment accommodates up to four people. We decorated it for our guests to feel at home the moment they get in. The bedroom, separated by a door, has a comfortable bed 140 x 200cm for your sleep to be restorative, as well as a large closet. In the living room the cosy sofa turns into a real double bed in less time than it takes to say. The dinning table unfolds as needed for four people. The bathr	This charming apartment is located in Montmartre, home of the artists in Paris, a hundred meters from the Sacre Coeur.  The building, down Gabrielle street a few meters, is bordered on the right by a large garden. The street is quieter and the apartment offers a beautiful space for four people.  But two hundred yards, you will soak in the atmosphere of unparalleled cafes, restaurants and spectacular sights on Paris’ roofs. Not to mention places to visit like the Montmatre museum and the Moulin Rouge. Two subway lines (12 and 2) and numerous bus take you in minutes in the center of Paris. The apartment accommodates up to four people. We decorated it for our guests to feel at home the moment they get in. The bedroom, separated by a door, has a comfortable bed 140 x 200cm for your sleep to be restorative, as well as a large closet. In the living room the cosy sofa turns into a real double bed in less time than it takes to say. The dinning table unfolds as needed for four people. The bathr
33461	Nice studio in Montmartre area located in a sloping street laid with cobblestones. The apartment is 215 sqf (20 m2). It is very bright, quiet and soothing. It is only used for short-term rentals. I do not live in there and I do not have personal belongings in the studio. So you will feel like at home. Towels, sheets and blanket are provided. Free coffee, milk and fruits will wait for you on your first day of rental. Fully equipped :  - Real double bed - Philips Speaker System for iPod/iPhone  - Big dressing - Bathroom with shower - Hair dryer - Microvave - Fridge  - 2 induction burners to cook  - Nespresso - Cordless Jug Kettle - Iron - Wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL  The neighborhood is extremely nice : not even 5 minutes minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, very easy to access with many metro and bus lines, and with a handful of shops, cafés and restaurants nearby.  Supermarket (Carrefour Market) is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment. You will be at walking distance fro	Nice studio in Montmartre area located in a sloping street laid with cobblestones. The apartment is 215 sqf (20 m2). It is very bright, quiet and soothing. It is only used for short-term rentals. I do not live in there and I do not have personal belongings in the studio. So you will feel like at home. Towels, sheets and blanket are provided. Free coffee, milk and fruits will wait for you on your first day of rental. Fully equipped :  - Real double bed - Philips Speaker System for iPod/iPhone  - Big dressing - Bathroom with shower - Hair dryer - Microvave - Fridge  - 2 induction burners to cook  - Nespresso - Cordless Jug Kettle - Iron - Wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL  The neighborhood is extremely nice : not even 5 minutes minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, very easy to access with many metro and bus lines, and with a handful of shops, cafés and restaurants nearby.  Supermarket (Carrefour Market) is only 2 minutes walk from the apartment. You will be at walking distance fro
33462	Superficie/ Square : 50m2 / 3,3 sq ft  Etage/Floor : 5 avec ascenseur / with elevator  Cuisine équipée / Kitchen : four, grille pain, bouilloire, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle/ oven, toaster, boiler, micro-wave, wash dishes  Salle de bain/ Bathroom /WC, / lave-linge / washing machine  Séjour avec canapé/ Living room with sofa,  Lit double/ Double bed (160/200). Chambre bebe / baby room / table à langer / changing table  Draps et serviettes fournies /Sheets and towels provided  Wifi Frais de Ménage : 25 Euros  Caution : 400 Euros  Please be quiet to no disturb life of neighbors  This is a non-smoking flat and no pet are allowed.  Respectez les règles de tranquilité de bon voisinage, svp.  L'appartement est non fumeur et les animaux ne sont pas acceptés.	Near Montmarte and Flea market. Feel at home in this charming 1 bedroom and 1 baby room flat for a romantic or family stay.  Entre Montmarte et les puces installez vous dans cet élégant appartement composé d une chambre double et d une chambre enfant pour un séjour inoubliable. Superficie/ Square : 50m2 / 3,3 sq ft  Etage/Floor : 5 avec ascenseur / with elevator  Cuisine équipée / Kitchen : four, grille pain, bouilloire, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle/ oven, toaster, boiler, micro-wave, wash dishes  Salle de bain/ Bathroom /WC, / lave-linge / washing machine  Séjour avec canapé/ Living room with sofa,  Lit double/ Double bed (160/200). Chambre bebe / baby room / table à langer / changing table  Draps et serviettes fournies /Sheets and towels provided  Wifi Frais de Ménage : 25 Euros  Caution : 400 Euros  Please be quiet to no disturb life of neighbors  This is a non-smoking flat and no pet are allowed.  Respectez les règles de tranquilité de bon voisinage, svp.  L'appartement est non fume
33463	You will be in the heart of Paris in a calm and cozy flat with a garden. Bedroom Queen size bed, very confortable. Space for your closes and suitcase. Livingroom Sofa bed (real mattress), table with 4 chairs, stereo, no tv sorry... Kitchen Fully furnished (dishwasher, microwave, oven, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, blender...) I love cooking and have all the material. Please use it with pleasure Bathroom Bath tube (yes!), laundry machine, towel heater, hairdryer Toilet and entrance Garden Big table with chairs, outside sofa...  I just love sending sunday afternoon there. Perfect after spending a whole day visting Paris. Sheets and towels are included. 	Fully furnished, in the heart of Paris. 5 minutes away from the main transportation (train station, metro, bus, velib...). 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur (so romantic). Very confortable with a garden! You will be in the heart of Paris in a calm and cozy flat with a garden. Bedroom Queen size bed, very confortable. Space for your closes and suitcase. Livingroom Sofa bed (real mattress), table with 4 chairs, stereo, no tv sorry... Kitchen Fully furnished (dishwasher, microwave, oven, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, blender...) I love cooking and have all the material. Please use it with pleasure Bathroom Bath tube (yes!), laundry machine, towel heater, hairdryer Toilet and entrance Garden Big table with chairs, outside sofa...  I just love sending sunday afternoon there. Perfect after spending a whole day visting Paris. Sheets and towels are included.  You will have access to all the appartment. Including the garden. You will need to walk in the bedroom (where I sleep) to access t
33464	Appartement cosy de 45m2 où vous vous sentirez chez vous, pour un week-end ou des vacances. Immeuble parisien, rue commerçante, métro et bus, à 2 pas de Montmartre. A cosy apartment (45m2) where you'll feel like home, for a week-end or holidays. Typical parisien building and apartment, in a shopping street, close to metro and bus, very close to Montmartre.	2 pièces 45m2 dans le quartier commerçant et familial de J.Joffrin (18e). Proche transports et bien équipé.  45m2 2 rooms in the commercial and family neighborhood of J.Joffrin (18e). Close to public transport and well-equipped. Sacré coeur: 15min Appartement cosy de 45m2 où vous vous sentirez chez vous, pour un week-end ou des vacances. Immeuble parisien, rue commerçante, métro et bus, à 2 pas de Montmartre. A cosy apartment (45m2) where you'll feel like home, for a week-end or holidays. Typical parisien building and apartment, in a shopping street, close to metro and bus, very close to Montmartre. Tout l'appartement excepté le dressing All the aparment except dressing À votre arrivée je vous indiquerai les infos pratiques et bons plans du quartier (balades, resto,..) et je resterai bien sur joignable tout le long de votre séjour I'll provide you practical information and good adresses around on arrival, and I'll stay reachable during your stay Quartier familial, immeuble dans une rue
33465	Ce charmant petit studio refait à neuf est idéalement situé. Il se situe à Pigalle, quartier très touristique et à proximité de beaucoup de centre d'intérêts parisiens : 500m du célèbre Moulin-Rouge, 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré Coeur. Il est idéalement desservi par les transports en commun : Métro Ligne 12 : accès rapide à la place de la Concorde, la place de la Madeleine, le très chic quartier de saint germain des prés.  Métro Ligne 2 : accès rapide au très réputé cimetière du Père Lachaise,  la place de l'étoile et son Arc de Triomphe et les champs élysées.  De nombreux arrêts de bus tel le Montmartrobus qui vous emmènera directement sur la butte Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur. Ce studio est situé dans au 3ème étage. Il donne sur le boulevard, ce qui rend l'appartement très lumineux et permet de se lever le matin avec le soleil qui se lève sur la Place Pigalle.  L'entrée de l'immeuble se fait par deux codes, ce qui garantie une sécurité des lieux. De plus, l'immeuble est composé d'un as	Ce charmant petit studio refait à neuf est idéalement situé. Il se situe à Pigalle, quartier très touristique et à proximité de beaucoup de centre d'intérêts parisiens : 500m du célèbre Moulin-Rouge, 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré Coeur. Il est idéalement desservi par les transports en commun : Métro Ligne 12 : accès rapide à la place de la Concorde, la place de la Madeleine, le très chic quartier de saint germain des prés.  Métro Ligne 2 : accès rapide au très réputé cimetière du Père Lachaise,  la place de l'étoile et son Arc de Triomphe et les champs élysées.  De nombreux arrêts de bus tel le Montmartrobus qui vous emmènera directement sur la butte Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur. Ce studio est situé dans au 3ème étage. Il donne sur le boulevard, ce qui rend l'appartement très lumineux et permet de se lever le matin avec le soleil qui se lève sur la Place Pigalle.  L'entrée de l'immeuble se fait par deux codes, ce qui garantie une sécurité des lieux. De plus, l'immeuble est composé d'un as
33466	Appartement lumineux de 37m2 dans un quartier très animé, il dispose de double vitrage dans le salon comme la chambre. Parquet et moulures : style typiquement parisien, le tout décoré avec soin.	Appartement typiquement parisien, proche de Montmartre. Chambre et cuisine séparées, salle de bain très agréable : voici un appartement tout confort, lumineux et à la décoration design ! Appartement lumineux de 37m2 dans un quartier très animé, il dispose de double vitrage dans le salon comme la chambre. Parquet et moulures : style typiquement parisien, le tout décoré avec soin. Salon accueillant et agréable, chambre spacieuse avec lit deux places, cuisine neuve et équipée, séparée car en alcove. Salle de bain avec grande douche à l'italienne très agréable ! Je suis joignable sans problème et ne serai pas loin. Quartier Chateau Rouge vivant et animé : marché de fruits, viande, poisson... Proche de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur, au coeur de l'agréable 18eme arrondissement, vous serez à 20 minutes en vélo ou transport de tous les coins sympas ! A deux pas du M4 : Chateau Rouge A 4 minutes du M12 : Marcadet-Poissonnier Nombreuses lignes de bus Borne vélib' à deux pas
33467		Appartement situé sur la butte Montmartre au 1er étage d'un bel immeuble en pierre de taille. Quartier des bars à deux pas des stations Abbesses (ligne 12) et Blanche (ligne 2). Proche place du Tertre et Basilique. Métro Abbesses (ligne 12) et Blanche (ligne 2)
33468	"Clean and comfortable 20 sqm studio well located, Paris 18, only 150 from Guy Moquet metro stop (line 13). The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (induction stove, filter coffee machine, kettle, toaster and kitchen utensils) and bathroom (shower stall, basin and toilet). You have all you need at the door of the building : supermarket, chemist, bakery and tobacco shop within 300m. Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village Within the City, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open Markets. Montmartre offers a unique experience of France: it has one of the latest vineyard of Paris, the ""funicular"" of Montmartre allows you for the price of a bus ride to go up the hill and enjoy a stunning view of the capital - both during the day and at night. The ""Cafe des deux Moulins"" has shown in the blockbuster ""Amelie Poulain"" is also a nice place to rest and feel the atmosphere of this lovely district. A lot of artists, painters, musician"	"Clean and comfortable 20 sqm studio well located, Paris 18, only 150 from Guy Moquet metro stop (line 13). The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (induction stove, filter coffee machine, kettle, toaster and kitchen utensils) and bathroom (shower stall, basin and toilet). You have all you need at the door of the building : supermarket, chemist, bakery and tobacco shop within 300m. Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village Within the City, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open Markets. Montmartre offers a unique experience of France: it has one of the latest vineyard of Paris, the ""funicular"" of Montmartre allows you for the price of a bus ride to go up the hill and enjoy a stunning view of the capital - both during the day and at night. The ""Cafe des deux Moulins"" has shown in the blockbuster ""Amelie Poulain"" is also a nice place to rest and feel the atmosphere of this lovely district. A lot of artists, painters, musician"
33469	Very spacious loft ,full comfort  with air conditioning , 500 square feet , an 18 feet ceiling .   kitchen separate, shower , wc,  very quiet and exclusive environment , 4th floor with lift .The place  can sleep 4 persons on 2 beds queen size . Very sunny  and cosy, with a small terrace overlooking Paris roof  Two minutes from  Place de Clichy ,and next to Cimetière de Montmartre, and rue Lepic , lots of movie theaters , cafés, restaurants and brasserie like famous Café Wepler . Also direct to Père Lachaise with a 15 minutes ride on métro line 2 . Area crowded with tasty  bakeries,good restaurants , coffee, shops , and farmers's market , and supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix,Dia ). . subway line  2 , Place de Clichy at 2 minutes walk . Bus lines : (phone number hidden) minutes from the flee market Porte de Clignancourt , and 30 minutes from Porte de Vanves flee market . 10 minutes from Champs Elysés 5 minutes walk from Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. A magic spot !!! 	Large,calm & sunny loft can sleep 4 people  ,comfortable .Climatization, 2 king size (website hidden),DVD,radio ,Wifii  Very cental, 5 minutes walk to Montmartre. Subway and buses at hand. Métro  Place de Clichy . Bus (phone number hidden) Very spacious loft ,full comfort  with air conditioning , 500 square feet , an 18 feet ceiling .   kitchen separate, shower , wc,  very quiet and exclusive environment , 4th floor with lift .The place  can sleep 4 persons on 2 beds queen size . Very sunny  and cosy, with a small terrace overlooking Paris roof  Two minutes from  Place de Clichy ,and next to Cimetière de Montmartre, and rue Lepic , lots of movie theaters , cafés, restaurants and brasserie like famous Café Wepler . Also direct to Père Lachaise with a 15 minutes ride on métro line 2 . Area crowded with tasty  bakeries,good restaurants , coffee, shops , and farmers's market , and supermarkets (Monoprix, Franprix,Dia ). . subway line  2 , Place de Clichy at 2 minutes walk . Bus lines : (ph
33470	The flat : an open kitchen with everything you need to cook, and a living room with a TV.  Downstairs : a hudge bedroom (22m2) with a queen size bed and a bathroom with a tub	"You will live in a lovely parisian flat near Montmatre and Gare du Nord. The flat is brand new, and has all what you need to spend a great time in Paris.  We live in the same bulding and will help you each time you need The flat : an open kitchen with everything you need to cook, and a living room with a TV.  Downstairs : a hudge bedroom (22m2) with a queen size bed and a bathroom with a tub You will enjoy the whole flat You can easily reach us by phone, whatsapp or mail. And we live in the same building. All you need is in the neighborhood : a bakery and a pharmacy in the same building. Many stores and a typicall market in 5mn. You will also find french restaurant, but also indian, chinese and oriental food.  Montmartre and the Canal Saint Martin are very close too. We are near ""Gare du Nord"" and ""Gare de l'Est"" so it is very easy to come from the parisian airport.  Many subways and bus are around. The building is very quiet and we have a janitor."
33471		Appartement typiquement parisien et tres agréable avec toutes les commodités (65m2). Parfait pour les familles avec deux enfants (lits, chaises, jeux, poussette... Tout est disponible).  Tres bien desservi par le métro, bus, RER, à deux pas de Montmartre, tres bons commerces aux alentours
33472	Appartement cosy, calme et chaleureux. Idéalement situé à la fois pour visiter Paris (Sacré Coeur, Montmartre à deux pas) et pour la vie nocturne (South Pigalle à 5 minutes à pied)	Idéalement situé au bas des escaliers menant au Sacré-coeur en plein coeur de Montmartre. Offrez-vous un week-end romantique dans l'un des quartiers les plus charmants de la capitale. Chambre, salon, sdb, 30m2 (+de photos s/demande)             Appartement cosy, calme et chaleureux. Idéalement situé à la fois pour visiter Paris (Sacré Coeur, Montmartre à deux pas) et pour la vie nocturne (South Pigalle à 5 minutes à pied) L'intégralité du logement est à votre disposition. A l'exception du contenu du congélateur et du réfrigérateur. Je serais présent uniquement lors de l'arrivée.
33473	Find yourself in the parisian life! Very nice flat (40m2) in Paris, rue de la chapelle. On the 4th floor  without elevator in a building securised by 2 door code entry systems. The flat is spacious, sofa, tv, internet, table for your dinner. The sofa is modular and can therefore be converted in an additionnal bed. The kitchen is fully equipped, oven and microwave, dish machine, induction cooker, hood. Comfortable bedroom, dressing, and a big bed. Very nice bathroom with large shower and separate rest-room. Conveniently situated, 500m away from the tram T3, close to the subway station Marx Dormoy (line 12), only 3 stops away from Abesses (or 20 minutes walk if you prefer), which is the startpoint to visit Montmartre. Bus stop nearby (line 65), easy way to go to gare du nord where you can take the RER to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you can also choose to go to the airport by bus (line 350) just beside the Tram station. The Marx Dormoy area is a very lively area, a mix of cultures, m	Very comfortable and new flat, full equiped with a nice kitchen, and a superb bathroom. A room with a big bed, modular sofa in the salon, internet, tv. Easy reach from the Airport or railway station. Subway just nearby. Montmartre at walking distance Find yourself in the parisian life! Very nice flat (40m2) in Paris, rue de la chapelle. On the 4th floor  without elevator in a building securised by 2 door code entry systems. The flat is spacious, sofa, tv, internet, table for your dinner. The sofa is modular and can therefore be converted in an additionnal bed. The kitchen is fully equipped, oven and microwave, dish machine, induction cooker, hood. Comfortable bedroom, dressing, and a big bed. Very nice bathroom with large shower and separate rest-room. Conveniently situated, 500m away from the tram T3, close to the subway station Marx Dormoy (line 12), only 3 stops away from Abesses (or 20 minutes walk if you prefer), which is the startpoint to visit Montmartre. Bus stop nearby (line 6
33474	Ce 2 pièces très accueillant et lumineux se trouve au 3ème étage avec ascenseur.  Bien équipé, tout y est pour vous faciliter votre séjour : - Cuisine entièrement équipée : plaques, réfrigérateur, grille pain, ainsi que tout ce qu’il faut pour cuisiner et manger : plats, casseroles, tasses, verres. - 1 chambre avec un lit double.  - Salle de bains avec une douche, toilette et un porte serviettes.  - Lave-linge.  - Un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable pour 2.  - Un matelas peut-être rajouté pour 1 personne en plus. 	Appartement au calme en plein coeur de Montmartre - 3 minutes à pied du sacré coeur. De 2 à 5 personnes. Joli 2 pièces tout équipé, lit 2 places, salon avec grand canapé-lit 2 places + matelas d'appoint 1 place, TV, Machine à laver, Internet.. Ce 2 pièces très accueillant et lumineux se trouve au 3ème étage avec ascenseur.  Bien équipé, tout y est pour vous faciliter votre séjour : - Cuisine entièrement équipée : plaques, réfrigérateur, grille pain, ainsi que tout ce qu’il faut pour cuisiner et manger : plats, casseroles, tasses, verres. - 1 chambre avec un lit double.  - Salle de bains avec une douche, toilette et un porte serviettes.  - Lave-linge.  - Un salon avec un canapé lit très confortable pour 2.  - Un matelas peut-être rajouté pour 1 personne en plus. L'appartement est en plein coeur de Montmartre. Ce quartier est historiquement unique et reste vivant avec ses ruelles, ses restaurants,ses boutiques, ses peintres toujours en activité, ses théâtres, ses jardins... A 2 minutes d
33475		5 minutes from Lamarck-Caulaincourt
33476	The flat is located in a popular and lively street, 10 minutes walking from the Sacred Heart Basilica of Montmartre, 2 mins from the subway line 4 and 5 minutes from the subway line 2. Calm and luminous, the flat is ideal for 1 or 2 people, there are 2 large windows from each part of the apartment (kitchen and bedroom). It is a 2 room located are the 3rd floor without lift.	A coy, shiny and quiet flat close 1 min from the subway line 4 and 2 (10 mins from the very heart of Paris, 20 mins from the Champs Elysees). 25 sqm fully equipped (except TV), 3rd floor, onto the courtyard with a comfor                         The flat is located in a popular and lively street, 10 minutes walking from the Sacred Heart Basilica of Montmartre, 2 mins from the subway line 4 and 5 minutes from the subway line 2. Calm and luminous, the flat is ideal for 1 or 2 people, there are 2 large windows from each part of the apartment (kitchen and bedroom). It is a 2 room located are the 3rd floor without lift. My guest will have access to the entire apartment. You can also use the netflix. You will have access to the guest account I will be there to give you the keys but you can join me on my mobile phone and by e-mail if you have any doubt, question about the flat, if you are looking for a good restaurant, pastries, roof top, shopping, I will be happy to help you! It is a popular 
33477	this appartment is perfect for visitors who want not just to look at one city, but really live it. Well connected with all artistic and cultural attractions that this amazing city offers.  My appartent has a bathroom, a big kitchen in which cooking but even planning you day of visits and a bedroom with a big closet and all the space you need.	Charmy appartement in the center of Pigalle, close to Moulin rouge and at 5 minute walking from le sacre coeur. 3 differents metros in the same neighboorhood and 5 different supermarkets, perfect for turists who want to visit this amazing city this appartment is perfect for visitors who want not just to look at one city, but really live it. Well connected with all artistic and cultural attractions that this amazing city offers.  My appartent has a bathroom, a big kitchen in which cooking but even planning you day of visits and a bedroom with a big closet and all the space you need. I will be pleased to help you with all the little stuff as knowing which metro subscription suits you better, which bar and restaurant are to try and which one to avoid, how to reach la tour eiffel or other attraction and all the other information a turist needs. Pigalle is the perfect neighborhood in which living because has no age. Are you young and ready to live the famous Paris nightlife? Pigalle has  di
33478	At the heart of Montmartre. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris,	Fully renovated apartment in a typical Haussman building. Enjoy this unique view of the Sacre Coeur. This apartment is located on the 7th floor. It is ideal for 2. At the foot of Subway and Bus (leading you to Champs Elysées, Tour Eiffel, Concorde..) At the heart of Montmartre. You will enjoy being in the historical Paris, Subway Station : Lamarck Caulaincourt (Line 12, the green one) Bus Station : Lamarck Caulaincourt Sacré Coeur (Line 80) Appartment on the 7th floor, there is NO ELEVATOR ! Only stairs...
33479	Bonjour, je m'appelle Vénitia! Je loue une chambre d'environ 12m² dans l'appartement où je vis avec mon copain.  Le lieu est chaleureux avec sa structure d'époque et ses pierres apparentes. Le feu de cheminée est très agréable en hiver! La rue est calme et à la fois proche du quartier des Abbesses ( Montmartre). La chambre peut accueillir deux personnes confortablement. Elle comporte de multiples rangements et possède une fenêtre sur cour, un lit de 120x200.  Nous disposons également d'une chauffeuse convertible (lit d'appoint 80x190cm) si vous préférez dormir séparément. Les draps ainsi que les serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition. Vous pouvez vous rendre à l'appartement via le métro ainsi que le bus.  	Ce trois pièces atypique avec ses pierres apparentes et sa cheminée, est propre et chaleureux. Il peut accueillir deux personnes confortablement. La rue est calme et à la fois proche du quartier de Montmartre, les Abbesses.    Bonjour, je m'appelle Vénitia! Je loue une chambre d'environ 12m² dans l'appartement où je vis avec mon copain.  Le lieu est chaleureux avec sa structure d'époque et ses pierres apparentes. Le feu de cheminée est très agréable en hiver! La rue est calme et à la fois proche du quartier des Abbesses ( Montmartre). La chambre peut accueillir deux personnes confortablement. Elle comporte de multiples rangements et possède une fenêtre sur cour, un lit de 120x200.  Nous disposons également d'une chauffeuse convertible (lit d'appoint 80x190cm) si vous préférez dormir séparément. Les draps ainsi que les serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition. Vous pouvez vous rendre à l'appartement via le métro ainsi que le bus.  L'appartement se situe dans le quartier du 18ème arrond
33480		Notre appartement situé au pied de Montmartre, se compose d'une chambre et d'une grande pièce à vivre. Lumineux et chaleureux, il est idéal pour une jeune famille, des copains, des amoureux... 
33481		The place is an antique shop located in Paris 18 close to Montmartre. It's at the same time a great place to work with a large 90 meters square open space, but also a place to live.
33482		All flat to rent for minimum 2 days... Between popular & arty area you will appreciated being in the city but into the little parisian village: la goutte d'or. 5 minutes from Montmartre 5 minutes from public transportation (Line 2- 4- 5).
33483	Un appartement agréable et bien équipé avec Internet haut débit (fibre) en wifi ou câble dans une copropriété calme qui est très bien desservi par les différents services de transport publics. C'est la base idéale pour un jeune couple qui souhaite explorer Paris!  A 10 minutes à pied on se retrouve en haut de Montmartre avec une vue exceptionnelle (première photo disponible, prise avec mon Iphone) sur Paris et ses environs  Possibilité de dormir à 4 avec un canapé convertible en lit 2 places, mais appartement de 30m² donc assez serré à 4, idéal pour 2 personnes Un dossier avec des documents relatifs au quartier, à Paris ou petits conseils pratiques (comment prendre sa carte navigo, carte vélib,...) sera à votre disposition. Possibilité de fumer aux fenêtres. Merci de faire attention à ne pas faire de nuisance sonore!	30m² placed beside le Sacré Coeur, (10 minutes by walking) in Paris, this small apartment provides you with all the facilities to enjoy the most of Paris Very well served by public transport and also close from tourists attractions Ideal for 2
33484	Un havre de calme, au coeur de la ville. A quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier vivant et populaire. 	Bonjour!  Et bienvenue chez vous.  Ce que j'aime avant tout dans mon appartement, c'est la lumière. Entouré de fenêtres, sous une verrière en 2ème cour, la lumière est omniprésente. Le calme aussi! Loin du bruit de la capitale, vous vous sentirez dans un cocon de douceur et de romantisme.  L'appartement est idéal pour un couple avec enfant, disposant d'une chambre et d'un canapé. Maintenant, si vous êtes plusieurs, il est équipé d'un matelas électrique gonflable pour deux personnes. Un havre de calme, au coeur de la ville. A quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier vivant et populaire. Tout le logement. Completement disponible pour vous aider à passer un séjour inoubliable. Le 18ème arrondissement de Paris est un quartier populaire, joyeux, multi-éthnique, coloré, vivant. Le vivre-ensemble prend tout son sens ici.  Du marché exotique au bout de la rue, en passant par Montmartre ou encore le studio 104, vous n'aurez que faire de sillonner le quartier à pied, ou encore en 
33485	Vous disposerez d'une entrée privative et d'une certaine indépendance car nous ne serons pas au même étage. Nous serons présents et disponibles tout en vous laissant tranquillité et intimité. La chambre a été récemment rénovée et vous disposez bien sur d'une salle de bain et toilettes privatifs.	Au cœur de Montmartre, très proche de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur mais aussi de la Place du Tertre et du quartier des Abbesses. Nous vous proposons une chambre au calme dans quartier authentique d'où vous aurez une vue magnifique de Paris. Vous disposerez d'une entrée privative et d'une certaine indépendance car nous ne serons pas au même étage. Nous serons présents et disponibles tout en vous laissant tranquillité et intimité. La chambre a été récemment rénovée et vous disposez bien sur d'une salle de bain et toilettes privatifs. Accès au Wifi. Nous habitons un quartier très particulier de Paris, touristique mais familial et chaleureux, une sorte de village. Vous serez à 5 minutes à pied du Sacré-Coeur et de la place du Tertre. Les rues et escaliers qui vous y mèneront sont pleine de charme.  Métro : Ligne 12 Lamarck Caulaincourt Ligne 2 Anvers puis Funiculaire Ligne 4 Chateau-Rouge Bus : Ligne 80 / 31 / 95
33486	"Located in a pretty little street in Montmartre, this charming two rooms tastefully decorated, will seduce you with its clarity, wall carvings, mosaics of color, flooring and ambiance ""ethnic chic"" ... Spacious, warm and friendly this unique apartment is ideal for exploring the capital together ..."	"The love nest Located in a pretty little street in Montmartre, this charming two rooms tastefully decorated, will seduce you with its clarity, wall carvings, mosaics of color, flooring and ambiance ""ethnic chic"" ... Spacious, warm and friendly this unique apartment is ideal for exploring the capital together ... Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Transports à proximité Château Rouge M4 221 m Marcadet - Poissonniers M12 M4 415 m We"
33487		Charming brand new 65 square meters flat. Curated decoration and Comfy. A place to feel home for 4 people. Located Few blocks from Montmartre. With a lot of Sun !
33488	Situé en dessous du sacrée coeur, grand appartement ancien, très lumineux , situé sur une place sous les marche du Sacrée Coeur cheminée et moulure  Cuisine ouverte Salon  Salle a manger  	"En dessous du sacrée coeur , appartement tres lumineux , grand salon, cuisine ouverte salle de bain. Chemineé et parquet d'epoque. Under the ""Sacrée coeur"" church, charming typical apartment , very luminous Situé en dessous du sacrée coeur, grand appartement ancien, très lumineux , situé sur une place sous les marche du Sacrée Coeur cheminée et moulure  Cuisine ouverte Salon  Salle a manger   Montmartre  Marché st Pierre  Sacrée Coeur Place du Tertre Place pavée avec café, bar et club Vie de quartier Espace vert  Metro Anvers Funiculaire de Montmartre ma plaque de cuison fonctionne mais les boutons sont a utiliser avec une pince "
33489	1st floor fengshui, not that big a place (33m2) but every space available is used wisely and the ceiling is very high (3m) so you won't feel tight.	I'm renting my whole haussman, 33m2 and beloved  aptment to anyone interested in living the great Montmartre/Pigalle life! café, restaurants,books ..in this spectacular neighborhood you would have evthing you wish for when you have heard of Paris ! 1st floor fengshui, not that big a place (33m2) but every space available is used wisely and the ceiling is very high (3m) so you won't feel tight. the whole appartment but a cupboard in which i put my clothes. you would just have to call and i would fly in (if Im still in the city)! A incredibly quiet street  in one of the most restless neighborhoods in Paris: welcome to Montmartre!  Sacré Coeur or Pigalle are 10mn by foot, you can visit Saint-Ouen flea market, have lunch in typical french café or just take the metro for 10min and be at Champs-Elysées. A lot of parks around to enjoy the summer in Paris! You won't have any trouble finding the suitable transport:  renting cars (electric) and bike,taxis, several bus covering the whole city in 
33490	Calm, bright and cosy, you will be happy to enjoy this brand new renoved appartement. Ideally 2 people can stay in the place (seperate bedroom), however 2 additional persons can sleep in the sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen will make you want to cook specials for your family! (dish washer)	"2 room brand new appartement just renoved, bright, calm and COSY! Very central with 2 main metro lines at 5min, next to the famous rue du Poteau, typical french street with bakery, delicatessen, market. 15min walk from ""Tertre' square in Montmartre.  Calm, bright and cosy, you will be happy to enjoy this brand new renoved appartement. Ideally 2 people can stay in the place (seperate bedroom), however 2 additional persons can sleep in the sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen will make you want to cook specials for your family! (dish washer) Sheets and towels provided. Book guide of Paris in English. Internet acces. The concierge room in order to stock bike or pushchair.  Board game. Switching the key, if you want we can do a little walk so I can show you around. Typical Parisien neighborhood,with the Poteau street and all the famous gourmet shops and market, lounge, bars and little restaurant to relax and just enjoy the French touch. Neighborhood calm, with resident and less more to"
33491	Typical Montmartre architecture, on the sixth and last floor with a lift until the 5th floor. Exceptional view on Paris. To the south great view on the moments of Paris, Eiffel Tower, Opera, Arc de Triomphe, Invalides, etc. To the north the apartment has balcony directly over the the Abbesses square and metro Abbesses and a beautiful view on Montmartre with its buildings and the Sacre Coeur. The Area is very calm and safe. Many restaurants, cafes, bakeries and pubs can be found in the surroundings. Moulin Rouge is only a 5 to ten minutes walk, the Sacre Coeur maximum ten minutes.  Equipments of the apartment: 3D big flat screen, Hifi, wifi, dish washer, nespresso coffee machine, induction plates, pyrolysis oven, big fridge, washing machine.	Very good situation, close to 4 metro stations. Calm and safe area in the heart of Montmartre. On the sixth floor with exceptional view on the Monuments of Paris in south and Sacre Coeur in the north. Small lift until the 5th floor. Typical Montmartre architecture, on the sixth and last floor with a lift until the 5th floor. Exceptional view on Paris. To the south great view on the moments of Paris, Eiffel Tower, Opera, Arc de Triomphe, Invalides, etc. To the north the apartment has balcony directly over the the Abbesses square and metro Abbesses and a beautiful view on Montmartre with its buildings and the Sacre Coeur. The Area is very calm and safe. Many restaurants, cafes, bakeries and pubs can be found in the surroundings. Moulin Rouge is only a 5 to ten minutes walk, the Sacre Coeur maximum ten minutes.  Equipments of the apartment: 3D big flat screen, Hifi, wifi, dish washer, nespresso coffee machine, induction plates, pyrolysis oven, big fridge, washing machine. For the question
33492		We offer a charming apartment within a five-minute walk from Sacré Coeur. It is situated in a quiet street facing a peaceful courtyard. Particularly bright and fully equipped, it can host up to four people. A real 'coup de coeur'.
33493	This spacious two-bedroom Paris vacation apartment is a delight to come home to after a long days sightseeing and window-shopping. Located on the first floor (2nd floor for North Americans), the apartment overlooks rue Custine, one of the most interesting streets in Paris to walk through. Though facing the street, the double-glazed windows give you excellent insolation against any daily passerbys. This Paris holiday rental has been tastefully decorated in vibrant colors, which catch the natural light streaming into the apartment. As the view is not obstructed closely by another building in front (as many building are in Paris), you benefit from the daylight. In the LIVING ROOM you will find a large comfortable sofa bed that sleeps two. We also have installed a flat-screen TV with cable and have high-speed wireless internet access for your laptop computers so you can remain connected. Through the French doors just off the living room is the MASTER BEDROOM with its inviting queen-sized b	Located in Montmartre, this flat is located just a few blocks north of the Sacre-Coeur and Place de Tertre, but out of the tourist bustle. Spacious and tastefully decorated, the flat is perfect to come home to after a day of touring and shopping.    This spacious two-bedroom Paris vacation apartment is a delight to come home to after a long days sightseeing and window-shopping. Located on the first floor (2nd floor for North Americans), the apartment overlooks rue Custine, one of the most interesting streets in Paris to walk through. Though facing the street, the double-glazed windows give you excellent insolation against any daily passerbys. This Paris holiday rental has been tastefully decorated in vibrant colors, which catch the natural light streaming into the apartment. As the view is not obstructed closely by another building in front (as many building are in Paris), you benefit from the daylight. In the LIVING ROOM you will find a large comfortable sofa bed that sleeps two. We a
33494	- Logement de 49m2 composé de 2 chambres  - Cuisine  équipée (four, plaque à induction, frigidaire ...).  - Chambre individuel, avec lit double et rangement. - Salle de bain (baignoire)  	Belle appartement de 2 pièces (+ salle de bain et cuisine) situé dans une rue paisible, à 3 mn à pied du Métro Guy Moquet.  Beautiful apartment, 2 rooms(+ bathroom and a big kitchen ) located in a quiet street and a 3-minute metro feet. - Logement de 49m2 composé de 2 chambres  - Cuisine  équipée (four, plaque à induction, frigidaire ...).  - Chambre individuel, avec lit double et rangement. - Salle de bain (baignoire) Quartier plutôt calme i
33495	"-Description- Apartment crossing on street & garden. Lounge : Cable TV, WI FI, pink marble fireplace, former mirror, balcony overlooking the rue Lamarck, a sofa bed for 2 people (140 x 190), large round table glass & coffee table design glass, 4 chairs. Bedroom with view on the ""maquis montmartrois"" (specific to the Butte Montmartre vegetation), large bed (160 x 200), large wardrobe with mirrors.  Kitchen : new & fully equipped with a fridge, oven/microwave, 2 sheets with induction, sink, washing machine, drying rack, Ironing Board, kettle, espresso machine, toaster and a dining area with 2 bar stools. The bathroom: washbasin, toilet, shower. Electric heating & electric water heater. "	"Heart of Montmartre, 50m of subway Lamarck (L.12), lovely apartment entirely renovated (Oct2013), 2nd floor of a Haussmannian building. 354sq ft, beautiful bedroom with view on the “maquis montmartrois”, living-room with balconny on rue Lamarck, open kitchen, bathroom (shower, toilets, washbasin). Parquet floor, comfort and total new equipment. -Description- Apartment crossing on street & garden. Lounge : Cable TV, WI FI, pink marble fireplace, former mirror, balcony overlooking the rue Lamarck, a sofa bed for 2 people (140 x 190), large round table glass & coffee table design glass, 4 chairs. Bedroom with view on the ""maquis montmartrois"" (specific to the Butte Montmartre vegetation), large bed (160 x 200), large wardrobe with mirrors.  Kitchen : new & fully equipped with a fridge, oven/microwave, 2 sheets with induction, sink, washing machine, drying rack, Ironing Board, kettle, espresso machine, toaster and a dining area with 2 bar stools. The bathroom: washbasin, toilet, shower. El"
33496	Idéalement placé à quelques minutes de marche du Sacré Cœur, cet appartement calme permet de découvrir Montmartre et le XVIIIème arrondissement. Bistros, restaurants, épiceries, marché de fruits, légumes et autres, à moins de cinq minutes. L'appartement vient d'être rénové avec goût dans un style typiquement parisien. Parfait pour un séjour romantique à Paris (king size bed tout neuf !). 	2 cosy rooms apartment in Montmartre. Ideal for 1 or 2 people. 1 living room, 1 bedroom (king size bed), 1 kitchen (fully equiped) and 1 bathroom. Wifi connexion. Light and comfortable, newly-renovated flat, close to metro access and all amenities.
33497	Sweet & Cosy apartment on the first floor of a 19th century building, in the heart of the 18th arrondissement, 41 square meters giving onto a courtyard, totally renovated and refurnished with an open kitchen, a dining area, a lounge area with sofa, a room with a double bed, dressing room with washing machine and bathroom with bathtub.	Sweet & Cosy apartment on the 1rst floor of a 19th century building, in the 18th arrondissement, 41 square meters giving onto a courtyard, totally renovated and refurbished.  The apartment is ideally suited for 2 peoples but can accommodate 4. Sweet & Cosy apartment on the first floor of a 19th century building, in the heart of the 18th arrondissement, 41 square meters giving onto a courtyard, totally renovated and refurnished with an open kitchen, a dining area, a lounge area with sofa, a room with a double bed, dressing room with washing machine and bathroom with bathtub. - Pick up and leave the keys to the hairdresser shop The apartment is close to numerous points of interests; church St Bernard, 15 minutes walk to Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge and various theatres etc. Also you will find nearby many shops, supermarket, bakery, café and restaurant etc. The apartment is located rue Stephenson in the 18th district of Paris. An area which is well served by t
33498		Située au rez de chaussée sur cours d'un immeuble de la rue Myrha, ce petit studio possède une cuisine équipé, une salle de bain avec baignoire et un clic clac deux places! En bref tout le nécessaire pour un séjour en tête à tête dans la capitale!
33499	Bonjour,  Je vous propose une chambre calme et privée de 10m², équipée d'un canapé BZ (140X200), dans une agréable appartement de 55m2.  L'appartement est au 3ème étage, et qui dispose de tout le confort nécessaire (wifi, télé etc.). Vous aurez accès à la cuisine qui dispose de plaques de cuisson, d'un four, etc. Les toilettes sont séparées et la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire.  L'immeuble est situé au pied du métro Marcadet-poissonniers (ligne 4 et 12) et Simplon (ligne 4), à deux pas de tous commerces, restaurants, bars et à 10 minutes de marche du Sacré-Cœur.  Nous sommes trois jeunes.	Bonjour,  Je vous propose une chambre calme et privée de 10m², équipée d'un canapé BZ (140X200), dans une agréable appartement de 55m2.  L'appartement est au 3ème étage, et qui dispose de tout le confort nécessaire (wifi, télé etc.). Vous aurez accès à la cuisine qui dispose de plaques de cuisson, d'un four, etc. Les toilettes sont séparées et la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire.  L'immeuble est situé au pied du métro Marcadet-poissonniers (ligne 4 et 12) et Simplon (ligne 4), à deux pas de tous commerces, restaurants, bars et à 10 minutes de marche du Sacré-Cœur.  Nous sommes trois jeunes. Accès à la cuisine, à la salle de bain et aux toilettes.  Accès Wifi Mon colocataire sera présent pour vous accueillir et vous conseiller. Métro Lignes 4 et 12.  Plusieurs lignes de bus.  A 10 min du centre.
33500	In the heart of old Montmartre (Paris 18th), charming renovated studio of 15 sq.m. In the beautiful area of Les abbesses, with 3 subway stations in 10mn walking distance. Quiet street, with every shops needed around, and an amazing view over Paris, Eiffel Tower and Montmartre CImetary. Lots of light all day long! Fully furnished, with a daily couch sofa-bed for 2 persons, oven, micro-wave, washing-machine, shower, wc (in the corridor and private!) and internet access. Completely renovated in 2012, the space is perfectly thought and you will not feel tight, however its small size. The view helps a lot on it!! Perfect for a couple or 2 friends traveling together. Nearest subways are :  Place de Clichy (2, 13) Blanche (2) -> Moulin Rouge  Lamarck-Caulaincourt (12) I will let a notice with all informations needed on the area, best bakeries (to my opinion!), cheap shops and my favorite addresses, away from tourists points. Points to be noted and read carefully before your stay or your booki	In the heart of old Montmartre (Paris 18th), charming renovated studio of 15 sq.m. In the beautiful area of Les abbesses, with 3 subway stations in 10mn walking distance. Quiet street, with every shops needed around, and an amazing view over Paris, Eiffel Tower and Montmartre CImetary. Lots of light all day long! Fully furnished, with a daily couch sofa-bed for 2 persons, oven, micro-wave, washing-machine, shower, wc (in the corridor and private!) and internet access. Completely renovated in 2012, the space is perfectly thought and you will not feel tight, however its small size. The view helps a lot on it!! Perfect for a couple or 2 friends traveling together. Nearest subways are :  Place de Clichy (2, 13) Blanche (2) -> Moulin Rouge  Lamarck-Caulaincourt (12) I will let a notice with all informations needed on the area, best bakeries (to my opinion!), cheap shops and my favorite addresses, away from tourists points. Points to be noted and read carefully before your stay or your booki
33501	The view is nice and clear, several convenient supermarkets are in the street just behind. Up to 6 people fit in the comfortable  flat, elevator.	2 independant quiet bedrooms with a fantastic view over the roofs of Paris and a large living room, all in wooden floor. Bathroom and kitchen are fully equiped. Lots of light and very centrally located, 4 metro lines and several buses lines nearby. The view is nice and clear, several convenient supermarkets are in the street just behind. Up to 6 people fit in the comfortable  flat, elevator. Private kitchen and bathroom within the flat It's always a pleasure to indicate nice addresses and places to enjoy Paris Several Indian restaurants and Turkish kebab nearby, plenty of théâtres in the surroundings 5 metro lines and several buses lines are passing nearby. Walking distance to Gare de l'Est and du Nord There is an elevator 
33502	This flat is very bright and ideally located :you should enjoy your stay here.  * Fresh sheets and towels * Bed for 2 people * Couch for one person (up to two but please note there will be little space) * Wifi The appartement is located in an multi-ethnic area of the 18th district, it's really safe, but sometimes can be noisy.	This very bright and comfy flat is typical of Montmartre and ideally located ,- 10mn from the famous Basilica Sacré Coeur in Montmartre !  I am sure you will love your stay in this lively district. This flat is very bright and ideally located :you should enjoy your stay here.  * Fresh sheets and towels * Bed for 2 people * Couch for one person (up to two but please note there will be little space) * Wifi The appartement is located in an multi-ethnic area of the 18th district, it's really safe, but sometimes can be noisy. The whole flat is for renting. I usually hire somebody to take care of the cleaning and handle you the keys. I will be here to give your tips about Paris if you ask me any ! :) I may not be here so a friend of mine will welcome you ! Walk on the footsteps of Amélie Poulain! On the right bank of Paris, in the heights of the city, a bit away from the chaos and the crowd, the 18th arrondissement is a vast arrondissement, made of authenticity, full of charm, with, in some 
33503	Brand new studio 18m2 located in a quiet street with a sofa bed 140 * 200 combines a real restful sleep and ease of use in everyday life. Featuring a fully equipped kitchen (microwave and convection oven, induction hob, Nespresso machine ...), it also offers a modern bathroom with toilets.	Lovely studio on the first floor of a typical Montmartre building, can accommodate a couple. Located in a quiet street, you will be at the heart of the famous Montmartre district and restaurants, and enjoy its proximity to the metro to explore Paris. Brand new studio 18m2 located in a quiet street with a sofa bed 140 * 200 combines a real restful sleep and ease of use in everyday life. Featuring a fully equipped kitchen (microwave and convection oven, induction hob, Nespresso machine ...), it also offers a modern bathroom with toilets. Guests have access to WiFi internet.  Most telecommunications are included with the rental.  Many TV channels are available (including VOD and OCS channels). A Nespresso machine is also available.  Sheets, towels, tablecloths ... are provided in an amount varying according to the length of your stay.  Samples of shampoo and shower gel are provided. If you want more, any arrangement is possible. Request me and I will try to make your stay as pleasant as p
33504	The apartment contains one independant fully equipped kitchen, one nice living room with a couch, TV, coffee table and dinner table for 4, nice balcony (1 table and 2 chairs), one bedroom suny in the morning with a king size bed and a big dresser and one bathroom. It can host 2 people, very cosy and perfect for a couple.  Wifi and TV included. The living room has a balcony, it's very bright and nice especially in the afternoon when it's sunny.. The bedroom is very quiet and overlooks the courtyard. It is very sunny in the morning. A corridor separates the two parts, and the bathroom is located there, the shower is nice and closed by a glass door. The kitchen is very functional and equiped with lots of appliances: fryer, panini grill, slicer, fridge, microwave, oven... There are several work plans for cooking. 	Nicely decorated 2T flat located in Montmartre area, 35 m² with independant kitchen, big living room and seperated bedroom. Very quiet and sunny with a nice balcony. The apartment contains one independant fully equipped kitchen, one nice living room with a couch, TV, coffee table and dinner table for 4, nice balcony (1 table and 2 chairs), one bedroom suny in the morning with a king size bed and a big dresser and one bathroom. It can host 2 people, very cosy and perfect for a couple.  Wifi and TV included. The living room has a balcony, it's very bright and nice especially in the afternoon when it's sunny.. The bedroom is very quiet and overlooks the courtyard. It is very sunny in the morning. A corridor separates the two parts, and the bathroom is located there, the shower is nice and closed by a glass door. The kitchen is very functional and equiped with lots of appliances: fryer, panini grill, slicer, fridge, microwave, oven... There are several work plans for cooking. -  Washing ma
33505	Located in the heart of Montmartre, (10 minutes away from the “Sacré Coeur” by walk) I invite you in this “nid d’amour”. It’s a bright and comfortable apartment where I usually live. Those late times I don’t use the apartment because I frequently travel for my documentaries. In this studio, you will find a place full of love where everything has been sought in order to live pleasantly. The bed for example, will go up during the day, in order to win some space, and when the night comes, you just need to lower the bed down, to recreate the atmosphere of a lovely room. The bathroom has a bathtub and all the facilities you need to spend some relaxing time after a big walk around the city. Concerning the kitchen, you will find everything you need to cook a nice dinner, except the washing machine. You also have an access for a private parking inside the building but I prefer to warn you that you must be a F1 pilot if you want to park your car there! In fact the path is really tight and it’s 	    If you want to spend some precious times in Paris, I think that my studio will be the one you need to enjoy your stay in town, if you are by own or a couple, I am sure that you will discover this wonderful city in the good conditions here.    Located in the heart of Montmartre, (10 minutes away from the “Sacré Coeur” by walk) I invite you in this “nid d’amour”. It’s a bright and comfortable apartment where I usually live. Those late times I don’t use the apartment because I frequently travel for my documentaries. In this studio, you will find a place full of love where everything has been sought in order to live pleasantly. The bed for example, will go up during the day, in order to win some space, and when the night comes, you just need to lower the bed down, to recreate the atmosphere of a lovely room. The bathroom has a bathtub and all the facilities you need to spend some relaxing time after a big walk around the city. Concerning the kitchen, you will find everything you need t
33506	I rent my apartment of 42 square meters. As I live there, all of my personal belongings will stay in the apartment so please take care of them. In the apartment you will find a kitchen full equipped: fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster and a wash machine for your clothes. Then the living room where you have a table and 4 chairs, a one-person couch and a sofa bed very confortable which easily welcome two adults (as a sofa or as a bed). Finally there is the bedroom with bathroom inside. The bed is 160x190cm of quality. There is also a chest that I will let free for your use and a nice desk. The bedroom is on the backyard so it’s very quiet. In the bathroom that’s a shower and I always leave a hairdryer. You have also a little dressing where you stock your luggage and a separated toilet. As you can read and see it’s perfect for a couple and still very confortable for 4 person. 	Located in a traditional neighbourhoods of Paris, I rent an apartment of 42 m2, with a living room (view on the street), a bedroom with bathroom (view on backyard ).  It's a perfect place to be in Paris, for lovers or family trip !       I rent my apartment of 42 square meters. As I live there, all of my personal belongings will stay in the apartment so please take care of them. In the apartment you will find a kitchen full equipped: fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster and a wash machine for your clothes. Then the living room where you have a table and 4 chairs, a one-person couch and a sofa bed very confortable which easily welcome two adults (as a sofa or as a bed). Finally there is the bedroom with bathroom inside. The bed is 160x190cm of quality. There is also a chest that I will let free for your use and a nice desk. The bedroom is on the backyard so it’s very quiet. In the bathroom that’s a shower and I always leave a hairdryer. You have also a little dressing where you stock y
33507	"2 pièces lumineux avec parquet et joliment décoré, au pied du Sacre Coeur, parfait pour un beau séjour à Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé tout près des commerces, des arrêts de métro et à 15 mins du centre de Paris. L'appartement comprend: -un séjour équipé d'une télévision HD, Internet, un grand canapé convertible pour deux personnes (140 x 190cm), table à manger.   -une chambre avec un lit de 2 places et un petit lit ""stokke"" pour enfant, si nécessaire... -une petite cuisine équipée, avec frigo, four, cafetière italienne, lave linge  -une salle de douche et WC séparés.  L'appartement est situé au cinquième et dernier étage sans ascenseur, mais les escaliers sont facile à monter... même notre petite fille de 3 ans peut le faire tous les jours!"	"Charmant appartement au pied du Sacre Coeur, parfait pour un beau séjour à Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier vivant, tout près des commerces, des arrêts de métro et à 15 mins du centre de Paris. 2 pièces lumineux avec parquet et joliment décoré, au pied du Sacre Coeur, parfait pour un beau séjour à Paris. L'appartement est idéalement situé tout près des commerces, des arrêts de métro et à 15 mins du centre de Paris. L'appartement comprend: -un séjour équipé d'une télévision HD, Internet, un grand canapé convertible pour deux personnes (140 x 190cm), table à manger.   -une chambre avec un lit de 2 places et un petit lit ""stokke"" pour enfant, si nécessaire... -une petite cuisine équipée, avec frigo, four, cafetière italienne, lave linge  -une salle de douche et WC séparés.  L'appartement est situé au cinquième et dernier étage sans ascenseur, mais les escaliers sont facile à monter... même notre petite fille de 3 ans peut le faire tous les jours! Vous aurez accès"
33508	L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine américaine dotée d'un grand bar, tout est moderne et refait à neuf. La hauteur sous plafond et la luminosité offre une vraie sensation d'espace, et l'appartement est calme, puisqu'il donne sur une cour, ce qui est plutôt appréciable pour le quartier !  La literie est confortable, et vous disposez d'espace pour cuisiner, vous détendre ... La salle de bain est petite, mais fonctionnelle. La douche est spacieuse et un lave-linge est à votre disposition. Modern american kitchen with a big bar and space to cook. The apartement, spacious, luminous & calm. You can use the washer if you need.	Agréable 2 pièces de 42m², très lumineux situé à 2 minutes à pied du métro Marx Dormoy (à 4 stations des stations Abbesses/ Pigalle et à 5 minutes en bus de Gare du Nord) Peut accueillir 4 pers (lit double + grand canapé lit) 1er étage, vue cour. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine américaine dotée d'un grand bar, tout est moderne et refait à neuf. La hauteur sous plafond et la luminosité offre une vraie sensation d'espace, et l'appartement est calme, puisqu'il donne sur une cour, ce qui est plutôt appréciable pour le quartier !  La literie est confortable, et vous disposez d'espace pour cuisiner, vous détendre ... La salle de bain est petite, mais fonctionnelle. La douche est spacieuse et un lave-linge est à votre disposition. Modern american kitchen with a big bar and space to cook. The apartement, spacious, luminous & calm. You can use the washer if you need. Vous aurez accès à toute les pièces, nous vous demanderons toutefois de bien vouloir respecter nos effets personnels en ne to
33509	2 rooms, 1 bed room with 1 bed 2 pers. with mattress shape memory , bathroom with Italian shower, kitchen , TV in the bedroom and lounge , Wifi 1 extra bed (sofa in the living room ) Residential quiet and high standing , metro and carrefour market 5 min walk . Montmartre / Sacré Coeur 10 minutes by foot.	2 rooms, 1 bed room with 1 bed 2 pers. with mattress shape memory , bathroom with Italian shower, kitchen , TV in the bedroom and lounge , Wifi 1 extra bed (sofa in the living room ) Residential quiet and high standing , metro and carrefour market 5 min walk . Montmartre / Sacré Coeur 10 minutes by foot. Kitchen, dishwasher, multifunction oven , hob , fridge, Nespresso coffee machine (excluding capsule, buy) Towels bath / toilet Gans Washing machine (excluding laundry product to buy) You will be welcomed by me or by a friend, a good address list will be communicated to you (restaurants, wine bar ) Key collection will take place between 11h and 17h ; possibility after 17h through Montmartre to take the keys of the accommodation The Abesses & Montmartre district with its Sacré Coeur basilica , its famous restaurants , the lively Pigalle cabaret with its inescapable : The Moulin Rouge Subway line 4 & 2 next to the flat (5 minn by walk) Via line 4 , 2 minutes from the Gare du Nord station 
33510	It is a small studio in the heart of Montmartre, with shower, toilet, sink, perfect for a couple or a single person with a sofa bed, a kitchenette, separated from the bedroom. 6th floor, view of the Sacré-Coeur is amazing! Cosy and comfortable, it is very pleasant, with a shopping street, full of entertainment at the corner of the street!	It is a small studio in the heart of Montmartre, with shower, toilet, sink, perfect for a couple or a single person with a sofa bed, a kitchenette, separated from the bedroom. 6th floor, view of the Sacré-Coeur is amazing! Cosy and comfortable, it is very pleasant, with a shopping street, full of entertainment at the corner of the street!
33511	6 th floor, 2 bedrooms with double bed and a sofa in the living room (6 places), a fireplace and bathroom. Bright and near the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge my flat is calm, sweet and original, in the heart of an area full of bars and restaurants.	"6 th floor, 2 bedrooms with double bed and a sofa in the living room (6 places), a fireplace and bathroom. Bright and near the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge my flat is calm, sweet and original, in the heart of an area full of bars and restaurants. 6 th floor, 2 bedrooms with double bed and a sofa in the living room (6 places), a fireplace and bathroom. Bright and near the Sacré Coeur and the Moulin Rouge my flat is calm, sweet and original, in the heart of an area full of bars and restaurants. Pigalle, Montmartre, bus and métros, you have all you need to visit Paris, stations ""gare du Nord"" and ""gare de l'Est"" and the department store Galerie Lafayette at 10mn by foot. I love my neighborhood et share my tips. Cool, arty, bourgeois and folky place, you can walk around : Montmartre, Pigalle, Barbés, restaurants, bars, concerts and nice fashion shops... Ligne 2 station Anvers, Ligne 4 station Barbés, bus 30, 31, 85, RER B station Gare du Nord Cute, the low-keyed cat of the house is nic"
33512	Bienvenue chez  moi ! Il s'agit d'un grand studio (T1) de 45m2, comprenant  - une grande pièce principale avec un grand lit (queen size) et un canapé dépliable (queen size aussi) - une grande cuisine séparée  avec gazinière, four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire, cafetière, presse-orange électrique (ouaip !), et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner - une grande salle de bain-WC, avec baignoire et machine à laver. Les fenêtres sont équipées de double vitrage pour passer des nuits au calme ! 	At walking distance from Montmartre- Sacré-Coeur Basilica. Spacious studio, very functional. One large principal room with queen-size bed and queen size couch. Large separate kitchen fully equipped. Large bathroom with tub and washing-machine    
33513		Deux pièces de 32 m2, très ensoleillé à 2min du métro château rouge ou marcadet poissonnier. Une chambre avec lit double, possibilité d'un couchage supplémentaire avec le canapé dans le salon.
33514	Ce logement est bien agencé et agréable à vivre. La chambre est spacieuse, la salle de bain est ergonomique. Il y a de nombreux rangements et deux grands canapés au salon. L'insonorisation de l'immeuble est correcte. L'appartement peut aisément peut recevoir 2 ou 3 personnes.	Ce logement est bien agencé et agréable à vivre. La chambre est spacieuse, la salle de bain est ergonomique. Il y a de nombreux rangements et deux grands canapés au salon. L'insonorisation de l'immeuble est correcte. L'appartement peut aisément peut recevoir 2 ou 3 personnes. Appartement entier et accès à l'ensemble de l'équipement. Machine à café, Machine à laver, Wifi etc.  Nous conseillons d'éviter de fumer dans la chambre. Echange des clés, présentation de l'appartement et de son fonctionnement. Détails sur le quartier. Nous serons en voyage mais un voisin sera disponible en cas de besoin. Les voyageurs seront seuls dans l'appartement. Le quartier est agréable, les moyens de transport sont nombreux. On est en dix minutes à pieds à Pigalle et à Montmartre, en cinq minutes à gare du nord. Excellente pizzeria dans la rue de l'appartement, une petite boutique de créateurs aussi et un bar un peu intimiste. Ligne 2 - la chapelle Ligne 4 et 2 - Barbès Ligne 5 et 7 ou RER B et D - Gare du 
33515	Two private bedrooms with double beds sleep 4 people total. I will be sleeping in the back  bedroom and will serve you a great French breakfast in the morning. Private bath and shower, free wifi, on the most fabulous street in Montmartre, with lots of cafés, bars, and shops. The neighborhood is extremely safe and welking around at night or getting back here at night is never a problem. Close to two metro lines (lines 2 and 12) and several buses.   I love art and know a lot of local artists here. I'm flexible, knowledgable and will help you with an insider's understanding of life in Paris. Take a look at my reviews, and let me know if you have any questions. If you only need one bedroom, please see  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7396 	Two bedrooms with double beds, private bathroom on the best street in Montmartre.  Sleeps four. Breakfast included, free wifi, and all the help I can give you to make your stay in Paris more fun and efficient.  Two private bedrooms with double beds sleep 4 people total. I will be sleeping in the back  bedroom and will serve you a great French breakfast in the morning. Private bath and shower, free wifi, on the most fabulous street in Montmartre, with lots of cafés, bars, and shops. The neighborhood is extremely safe and welking around at night or getting back here at night is never a problem. Close to two metro lines (lines 2 and 12) and several buses.   I love art and know a lot of local artists here. I'm flexible, knowledgable and will help you with an insider's understanding of life in Paris. Take a look at my reviews, and let me know if you have any questions. If you only need one bedroom, please see  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7396 You will have access to the kitchen and the liv
33516		Appartement agreable avec terrasse pouvant loger 2 personnes (voir 4 , canapé convertible) . Quartier place clichy- les batignolles. Bus et metro devant l'immeuble
33517	You can be really confortable in this apartement in the Paris' north. The light gets in and its has a magnificent view to Sacré Coeur. Distance from Paris' main attractions: - Montmartre: 5 minutes walk - Opera Garnier: 20 minutes walk - Louvre Museum / Notre Dame: 15 minutes metro - Eiffel Tower/ Orsay Museum: 20 minutes metro Acces: - Nearest trains stations: Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est - Airports: 1 hour from Orly (metro+OrlyBus) 30 minutes from Roissy (RER B).  Please tell us when you are willing to make check-in and check-out before reservation so we can arrange. 	Illuminate, spacious and really nice apartment near Montmartre’s Sacré Coeur (10 min walk) at Paris. Bedroom, dining and living, WIFI, kitchen and bathroom included. It’s for rent entirely (not a room). Near 3 métro stations.  Ideal for couples.  You can be really confortable in this apartement in the Paris' north. The light gets in and its has a magnificent view to Sacré Coeur. Distance from Paris' main attractions: - Montmartre: 5 minutes walk - Opera Garnier: 20 minutes walk - Louvre Museum / Notre Dame: 15 minutes metro - Eiffel Tower/ Orsay Museum: 20 minutes metro Acces: - Nearest trains stations: Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est - Airports: 1 hour from Orly (metro+OrlyBus) 30 minutes from Roissy (RER B).  Please tell us when you are willing to make check-in and check-out before reservation so we can arrange. Kitchen, living, bedroom, bathroom and all services. The neighbourhood's name is La Goutte d'Or and it's known for their exotiques magasins of African's fabrics. Here, you can
33518		Délicieux deux pièces, confortable et cosy, sur parquet. Offre toutes les commodités avec sa cuisine bar et sa salle de bains pratique. Proche des Puces de Clignancourt, de Montmartre, Pigalle, Barbès et Clichy. Sur les métros 4 et 12.
33519		Charmant petit deux pièces situé entre Montmartre et le marché aux puces de la porte de Clignancourt.  3eme étage, résidences avec digicode, proche commerces et transports (métro simplon L4 ou jules Joffrin L12) cuisine équipée, wifi, machine à laver. 
33520	Perfect for a family with children, or friends, couples etc. Two bedrooms, one with a very large bed, the other one with a very big and confortable sofa bed, suitable for 2, two bathrooms, two lavatories. Calm and clean. A  big living-dining room with open kitchen, a bar. There's a sofa that can be used as a bed in that room, that can handle one person. -Clean sheets and towels  -Internet WIFI + SAT tv  -Washing machine  -Dish washer -Hair dryer Secured building  Minimum stay: 4 nights.  Cleaning Fee: 75€	Comfortable modern furnished 68m2 in the heart of Montmartre by the hip 'Rue des Abbesses'.  2 Bathrooms & bedrooms and a bar in a big living room, clean and calm. You'll love our incredible neighborhood and its fast connections to any part of Paris Perfect for a family with children, or friends, couples etc. Two bedrooms, one with a very large bed, the other one with a very big and confortable sofa bed, suitable for 2, two bathrooms, two lavatories. Calm and clean. A  big living-dining room with open kitchen, a bar. There's a sofa that can be used as a bed in that room, that can handle one person. -Clean sheets and towels  -Internet WIFI + SAT tv  -Washing machine  -Dish washer -Hair dryer Secured building  Minimum stay: 4 nights.  Cleaning Fee: 75€ The whole flat is yours but for a locked room that is a storage. We try to be as helpful as possible, ask us for any service you can think of for your stay There are restaurants,bars, shops, and points of interest about everywhere. Truly p
33521	Charmant appartement de 60 m2 au pied de Montmartre à proximité du Sacré coeur, du Moulin Rouge la gare du nord et du centre de Paris. Au 2ème étage avec code et interphone, grands miroirs, des moulures au plafond et des cheminées. Idéal pour un couple avec enfants ou 2 couples.  1 chambre (lit en 160cm de large)  1 double salon (canapé convertible en 140cm de large).  1 Salle de bains, baignoire (sans limite d'eau chaude : le chauffe-eau est au gaz)  1 WC séparé.  1 cuisine entièrement équipée (avec lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, mixeur...)  Il y a une table dans la salon. On peut y dîner jusqu'à 8 personnes. Le salon est très spacieux, une partie est dédié aux repas, et une autre partie est composée d'un canapé, table basse et fauteuils.  Accès wifi illimité. Télévision.	Appartement Haussmanien typique au coeur d'un quartier vivant : Code et interphone.  1 chambre lit 2 places, 1 double salon. Parquet, moulures, cheminées, miroirs. Le Sacré Coeur et le Moulin Rouge sont accessibles à pied. Idéal pour 4 personnes. Charmant appartement de 60 m2 au pied de Montmartre à proximité du Sacré coeur, du Moulin Rouge la gare du nord et du centre de Paris. Au 2ème étage avec code et interphone, grands miroirs, des moulures au plafond et des cheminées. Idéal pour un couple avec enfants ou 2 couples.  1 chambre (lit en 160cm de large)  1 double salon (canapé convertible en 140cm de large).  1 Salle de bains, baignoire (sans limite d'eau chaude : le chauffe-eau est au gaz)  1 WC séparé.  1 cuisine entièrement équipée (avec lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, mixeur...)  Il y a une table dans la salon. On peut y dîner jusqu'à 8 personnes. Le salon est très spacieux, une partie est dédié aux repas, et une autre partie est composée d'un canapé, 
33522	Flat very calm and lightfull flat, in the center of Paris. 2 pièces, 1 living room and 1 bedroom.	Appartement confortable avec toutes commodités en plein centre de Paris, au calme sur cour. Small budget, big comfort. Welcome to this cosy flat 5nd floor court yard. Next to the Montmartre area and the Canal Saint Martin.  Flat very calm and lightfull flat, in the center of Paris. 2 pièces, 1 living room and 1 bedroom. 2 minutes from the subway station Stalingrad and a supermarket. A nice park is in the same street. I will leave a note to my guests with the good places to discover in the area. The flat is close to Montmartre and the Canal Saint Martin. The cinéma Mk2 and some nice bars are 5 minutes walking from the flat. Métro stalingrad subway line 2.  Internet wifi and télévision, bathroom and kitchen with full equipment. Welcome to Paris and feel at home to my place! See you soon.
33523	Idéalement situé au bas de Montmartre, près des transports	Idéalement situé au bas de Montmartre, près des transports Chambre indépendante dans appartement type T2. Wifi gratuit. Accès à toutes les pièces communes. Montmartre est un quartier typique, cosmopolite. Assez touristique, le quartier s'organise autour de lieux célebres comme le sacré coeur, le moulin rouge ou Pigalle Métros et bus à proximité. Facile d'acces depuis la gare du nord (10mn) et la gare montparnasse (30 mn). Les aeroports d'Orly et Roissy sont en acces direct depuis la gare du Nord. Les heures d'arrivée ou de départ sont à titre indicatif. Elles peuvent être plus flexibles. The arrival and departure Time are indicative. It can be more flexible if needed.
33524	Laissez vous séduire.. Beau deux pièces de 36m2, pleinement optimisées, au RdC, donnant sur une cour calme où vous pourrez prendre votre café au soleil. Matériaux authentiques et de qualité: métal, pierres et briques apparentes, verrière, de vraies couleurs et une décoration personnalisée, … L'ensemble fait de ce lieu un petit bonheur de vie. La chambre, tout confort, avec bureau, bibliothèque, lit de 160cm, revêt une atmosphère chaude et douillette, donnant sur une très belle salle de bain. La cuisine est entièrement aménagée: Four, Micro Ondes, Lave vaisselle, Lave linge, Sèche linge, et nombreux rangements; Vous pourrez vous attabler à 4 personnes sur le superbe bar métal & béton, œuvre d’artiste. Salon avec canapé convertible en cuir 140cm pour 2 personnes d’appoint. L'ensemble du logement  a le wifi et est insonorisé par des enceintes Sonos. Un vrai bonheur tout simplement... 	Un vrai nid douillet de 36m2 pouvant accueillir 4 personnes, tout confort, charme, design, à 100m du sacré Coeur. Vous y vivrez de beaux moments dans une ambiance chaleureuse et typiquement montmartroise, avec ses commerces, ses bars et restaurants. Laissez vous séduire.. Beau deux pièces de 36m2, pleinement optimisées, au RdC, donnant sur une cour calme où vous pourrez prendre votre café au soleil. Matériaux authentiques et de qualité: métal, pierres et briques apparentes, verrière, de vraies couleurs et une décoration personnalisée, … L'ensemble fait de ce lieu un petit bonheur de vie. La chambre, tout confort, avec bureau, bibliothèque, lit de 160cm, revêt une atmosphère chaude et douillette, donnant sur une très belle salle de bain. La cuisine est entièrement aménagée: Four, Micro Ondes, Lave vaisselle, Lave linge, Sèche linge, et nombreux rangements; Vous pourrez vous attabler à 4 personnes sur le superbe bar métal & béton, œuvre d’artiste. Salon avec canapé convertible en cuir 14
33525	CASA LAURA is a charming and cozy apartment on the 2nd floor, right above the buzzing Rue d’Orsel at the foot of the Butte-Montmartre.  Located in a quiet building this bright 50 m2 has 1 bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a double sofa bed plus 2 single sofa beds, a dining area for 6 persons, a bathroom with bathtub/shower and separate WC (free baby bed upon request).  Right outside the builiding is a supermarket, bakery, many small souvenir shops, restaurants, bars and cafés. What's more, the Sacre Cœur Basilica is right behind the building.  With a very convenient location, it is 150 meters from Metro station Anvers, so you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes.	CASA LAURA is a charming and cozy apartment on the 2nd floor, right above the buzzing Rue d’Orsel at the foot of the Butte-Montmartre.  CASA LAURA is a charming and cozy apartment on the 2nd floor, right above the buzzing Rue d’Orsel at the foot of the Butte-Montmartre.  Located in a quiet building this bright 50 m2 has 1 bedroom with a double bed, a spacious living room with a double sofa bed plus 2 single sofa beds, a dining area for 6 persons, a bathroom with bathtub/shower and separate WC (free baby bed upon request).  Right outside the builiding is a supermarket, bakery, many small souvenir shops, restaurants, bars and cafés. What's more, the Sacre Cœur Basilica is right behind the building.  With a very convenient location, it is 150 meters from Metro station Anvers, so you can go anywhere in Paris within minutes. It is ideally located in colorful Montmartre, a short climb to the Basilic Sacre Cœur. The bohemian capital of France, Montmartre has been home to artists, performers a
33526	Hello ! I offer you my apartment, it is my personal apartment I rented when I'm not in Paris. Very Parisian style! It is 10 minutes from staircase of Montmartre, 2 min of Barbes Rochechouart subway line 4 or 2, just 2 minutes walk from the house.10 minutes by foot of Gare du Nord, train station.  Very well served by buses. Close to all amenities. Very easy access FOR CDG (or Orly) with AirPort RER B to Gare du Nord, then take metro line 4, only one station in the direction Porte de Clignancourt. Ground floor 41 meters Loi Carrez 2 rooms + mezzanine, small courtyard full of flowers. Can sleep 2 and 2 adults NO MORE and 1 child. (I have the baby bed, baby bath, baby highchair) Fully equipped: shower, kitchen, fridge, washing machine, hairdryer, telephone, heating. You maximum comfort and everything you need to make real food. Internet wifi, linen and towels are included. The bedding is of high quality - read the comments! Modern equipment and original apartment with lots of charm. The ap	I propose my personal apartment I rented when I'm not there. 10 minutes from the stairs of Montmartre, 2 minutes from   metro line 4 or 2. A 2 min. walk from the house. It is fully equipped, I also baby equipment. Hello ! I offer you my apartment, it is my personal apartment I rented when I'm not in Paris. Very Parisian style! It is 10 minutes from staircase of Montmartre, 2 min of Barbes Rochechouart subway line 4 or 2, just 2 minutes walk from the house.10 minutes by foot of Gare du Nord, train station.  Very well served by buses. Close to all amenities. Very easy access FOR CDG (or Orly) with AirPort RER B to Gare du Nord, then take metro line 4, only one station in the direction Porte de Clignancourt. Ground floor 41 meters Loi Carrez 2 rooms + mezzanine, small courtyard full of flowers. Can sleep 2 and 2 adults NO MORE and 1 child. (I have the baby bed, baby bath, baby highchair) Fully equipped: shower, kitchen, fridge, washing machine, hairdryer, telephone, heating. You maximum c
33527	Visit Paris by staying in a typical Parisian apartment. This quiet and charming 2-room apartment is located in Montmartre, at 500 meters from the basilic Sacre Coeur. The entire flat overlooks a full-of-flower courtyard.   I live in this apartment and rent it during my holidays. Your bedroom is furnished with a top-quality double bed (electrical relaxation bed) and a cupboard. You can use the Internet. I will provide you with towels and bed sheets. Your living room has a dining table and a confortable convertible sofa (120 cm - small double bed). The living room is separated from the kitchen, your privacy is preserved if you sleep in this room. Your kitchen is well organized and fully equipped with a window. It can be accessed from the corridor or from the living room.  Your bathroom is clean and provides all you needs in a tiny space ( toilet, shower and sink). It has a window to avoid humidity.  It is accessed from the corridor as well.  The entire flat is very quite as it overlooks 	Cosy 2-room appartment, suitable for up to 4 people. It is located in a typical old Parisian-building from 1900. The flat is located at the feet of Montmartre hill in a multicultural district. At a walking distance you find nice restaurant, bars, dancing hall, cinema... The area is perfect to reach touristical places and live where young people live in Paris.  Metro line 4 is a 100 m (2 min), at 5 min there are metro 2 (Barbès Rochechouart) et metro 12 (Marcadet Poissonniers). Visit Paris by staying in a typical Parisian apartment. This quiet and charming 2-room apartment is located in Montmartre, at 500 meters from the basilic Sacre Coeur. The entire flat overlooks a full-of-flower courtyard.   I live in this apartment and rent it during my holidays. Your bedroom is furnished with a top-quality double bed (electrical relaxation bed) and a cupboard. You can use the Internet. I will provide you with towels and bed sheets. Your living room has a dining table and a confortable convertible
33528		Studio 28m2 au pied du sacré cœur, vue sur les toits de Paris refait à neuf. Métro Anvers a 1 min et abbesses a 5 min. Toutes commodités. Idéal pour visiter Paris et être au calme dans un endroit rempli de vie!
33529	The swimming pool, opened during summer time, is very rare in Paris and appreciated. Very clean and recent building with elevator.	Near the artistic Montmartre area, very comfortable studio flat with: - Swimming pool (June to Sept.) - Tv,  - Wifi internet adsl,  - Washing machine - Dryer - Microwaves and an iron machine The sun shines in the balcony from 1 to 6 pm. The swimming pool, opened during summer time, is very rare in Paris and appreciated. Very clean and recent building with elevator. - The swimming pool is opened from 10am to 8pm. - Free internet adsl on Wifi network. - Washing/dryer machine - Clean carpetont the bedroom - Balcony I can be called anytime if any problem or question comes to you. Otherwise i will call you on the day you leave to know if everything is okay, and define the time we can meet to so i can get the keys back. This place is very quiet and nicely crowded, very close to the busy Montmartre area (5mins walking), 2 mins walking to the Moulin rouge. Street are charming with a lot of trees.  Also, from the balcony, the view of the building's garden is nice and relaxing. 5mins walking to 
33530	A true time capsule in the center of Paris! Enjoy a typical parisian space close to the most romantic part of Paris : Montmartre. Also available for shootings!	"Very quiet 40m2 flat for vintage lovers! 8 min to Montmartre, close to trains stations (Gare du Nord >> Eurostar) and subway. - Fully equipped 50's kitchen - Lovely bathroom with bathtub  - Art déco bedroom and cosy living room    A true time capsule in the center of Paris! Enjoy a typical parisian space close to the most romantic part of Paris : Montmartre. Also available for shootings! Guest Access: - WIFI - Fully equipped kitchen with dishwashing machine - Whashing machine Wether I will be in town or not during your stay, I will provide you every advices you need for having a good time in Paris! The Neighborhood: Exotic, lively, authentic. Experiment a so called ""no go zone"" and reach Montmartre in only few minutes ! For vintage and antique lovers :  don't miss Saint Ouen Flea Market, the most gorgeous in town (10 minutes from the appartement) Transports: From the airport Charles de Gaulle, you can take RER B to Gare du Nord, then you take subway 4 for 3 stations and you are home :)"
33531	Deux pièces ancien de 30m2 entièrement rénové par un architecte.  L'appartement (1er étage) dans une rue calme est idéalement situé entre la place Pigalle et le quartier des Abbesses à proximité de Montmartre.  Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine/bar  entièrement équipée (four/plaque induction/micro-onde/bouilloire électrique/cafetière) internet/ecran plat au sein d'une décoration chaleureuse et atypique ! -Salle de bain équipée ouverte sur la chambre avec grande baignoire. -Toilettes séparées. -canapé lit confortable dans le salon. metro pigalle (ligne 2) metro abbesses (ligne 12) bus, taxis, stations autolib... idéalement situé entre la Pigalle et le quartier Abbesses à proximité de Montmartre 	Charmant deux pièces lumineux de 30m2 entièrement rénové par un architecte. (Parquet, briques, tomettes, poutres apparentes) Rue pavés calme idéalement située entre la place Pigalle et le quartier des Abbesses à proximité de Montmartre. Cuisine entièrement équipée (four/plaque induction/micro-onde/cafetière)  Internet/wifi  Ecran plat       Deux pièces ancien de 30m2 entièrement rénové par un architecte.  L'appartement (1er étage) dans une rue calme est idéalement situé entre la place Pigalle et le quartier des Abbesses à proximité de Montmartre.  Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine/bar  entièrement équipée (four/plaque induction/micro-onde/bouilloire électrique/cafetière) internet/ecran plat au sein d'une décoration chaleureuse et atypique ! -Salle de bain équipée ouverte sur la chambre avec grande baignoire. -Toilettes séparées. -canapé lit confortable dans le salon. metro pigalle (ligne 2) metro abbesses (ligne 12) bus, taxis, stations autolib... idéalement situé entre la Pigalle et
33532	L'appartement de 2 pièces (43m2) se situe à 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré-cœur et du quartier de charme de Montmartre dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris.  L'appartement dispose de tout le confort pour un agréable (website hidden)-dessous une brève description du logement, (cf photos): - chambre avec lit Queen-size (160cm), fenêtre sur cour - salon avec table à manger, canapé et TV plasma 106cl - cuisine toute équipée - salle de bain avec baignoire  - toilettes séparés Commodités supplémentaires :  - machine à laver le linge,  - Internet wifi,  - grand écran avec home cinéma. La Gare du Nord est à 10 minutes en métro (2 stops), la Gare de l'Est à 12min (3 stops). Austerlitz et Montparnasse sont un peu plus loin (30minutes environ) Pour les Aéroports, le RER B se prend à Gare du Nord (soit tout près), il faut compter une demi-heure environ depuis chaque Aéroport. Nous avons le métro juste à côté de l'appartement, sur une des grandes lignes de métro qui dessert le centre de Paris (M4). Et	Tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour réussi à Paris ! Un lit 160cm ultra confort - une cuisine toute équipée - un salon cosy et emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris et le quartier du 18ème L'appartement de 2 pièces (43m2) se situe à 5 minutes à pieds du Sacré-cœur et du quartier de charme de Montmartre dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris.  L'appartement dispose de tout le confort pour un agréable (website hidden)-dessous une brève description du logement, (cf photos): - chambre avec lit Queen-size (160cm), fenêtre sur cour - salon avec table à manger, canapé et TV plasma 106cl - cuisine toute équipée - salle de bain avec baignoire  - toilettes séparés Commodités supplémentaires :  - machine à laver le linge,  - Internet wifi,  - grand écran avec home cinéma. La Gare du Nord est à 10 minutes en métro (2 stops), la Gare de l'Est à 12min (3 stops). Austerlitz et Montparnasse sont un peu plus loin (30minutes environ) Pour les Aéroports, le RER B se prend à Gare du Nord (soit tout 
33533		In the middle of one of the best neighborhoods in Paris, with a lot of great restaurants and bars.  Amazing walks by day and entertaining place to go out by night. Or you can just chill next the fire in the chimney enjoying a bottle of wine. 
33534		"Cozy and bright apartment right next to the metro ""Chateau Rouge"" and 10 minutes walk from Montmartre, the apartment has 2 bedrooms, a beautiful living room with balcony, a kitchen and a bathroom with bath."
33535	The apartment is very bright. Thanks to 4 windows the rooms can be optimally aired. In the living room there is  parquet, a couch,  chairs, stools and an armchair. The kitchen is complete of everything, and it has an opening on the saloon with bench of job in wood. It's ideal so much for an alone person that for a couple. The building is calm and there is a keeper 24 hours on 24.	Hi there,  i rent my nice apartment on the Montmartre hill for august. It's perfectly located at the crossroad between 3 tube stations and it will allow to you to reach very quickly every place in Paris. WiFi, washing machine, dishwasher,towels The apartment is very bright. Thanks to 4 windows the rooms can be optimally aired. In the living room there is  parquet, a couch,  chairs, stools and an armchair. The kitchen is complete of everything, and it has an opening on the saloon with bench of job in wood. It's ideal so much for an alone person that for a couple. The building is calm and there is a keeper 24 hours on 24. For the guests there will be available a line WiFi, washing machine, dishwashing, towels, sheets, dishes, oven and microwaves. We will communicate through mail, telephone or Skype. I would prefer to meet you some before if already in the zone Paris. Otherwise a rapid conversation on Skype would be perfect. Booking from a minimum of 2-3 days possibly !
33536		Appartement 35m², calme (sur cour) et bien placé Entre Pigale et Abesses, au pied de la butte de Montmartre. Transports : ligne 2 et 12 à 200m + bus et vélib' Commerce & restaurants : rue des Abesses, rue Lepic et rue des Marthyrs.
33537	Je serais ravie de vous accueillir dans mon charmant appartement de grande qualité entièrement rénové il y a un an! L'immeuble est de type Haussmannien. Il se trouve à quelques minutes à pied de quartier animé des Abbesses près de Montmartre. Bars et restaurants vous permettront de savourer un délicieux repas ou de veiller tard dans la nuit.L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé par un digicode et interphone. L'appartement est au cinquième étage. C'est un deux pièces baigné de lumière. Le salon est bordé d'un long balcon filant où le soleil s'invite du matin jusqu'à l'après-midi. L'appartement comporte une entrée, un grand salon, une belle cuisine équipée, une chambre (lit double) et une salle de bain. Les WC sont séparés.   Le salon est équipé, d'une TV écran plat avec chaînes de télévision par internet. Un MacBook portable est disponible avec accès internet en Wifi gratuit. La cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave-vaisselle machine à café Nespresso, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congé	Appartement haussmanien typiquement parisien et baigné de lumière, avec son grand balcon ensoleillé. La chambre donne sur une cour très calme. 54m2 au 5ème étage (ascenseur). Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, dans un quartier calme et commerçant. Je serais ravie de vous accueillir dans mon charmant appartement de grande qualité entièrement rénové il y a un an! L'immeuble est de type Haussmannien. Il se trouve à quelques minutes à pied de quartier animé des Abbesses près de Montmartre. Bars et restaurants vous permettront de savourer un délicieux repas ou de veiller tard dans la nuit.L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé par un digicode et interphone. L'appartement est au cinquième étage. C'est un deux pièces baigné de lumière. Le salon est bordé d'un long balcon filant où le soleil s'invite du matin jusqu'à l'après-midi. L'appartement comporte une entrée, un grand salon, une belle cuisine équipée, une chambre (lit double) et une salle de bain. Les WC sont séparés.   Le salon est équipé, d'un
33538	The studio flat is 25sq meters with an open plan kitchen and a separate shower room with WC and clothes washer. It is on the 6th floor. there is no lift. The flat sleeps 2 adults. The sofa bed is good quality.  The flat is around the corner from Rue des Abbesses, the main shopping street in the neighborhood. Ther you'll find all manner of lovely food, wine, and pastry shops.	"Bright studio flat, at the top floor of a typical Parisian building, well equipped with everything you""ll need for your paris stay. Welcoming, cosy and ideally located on a quiet street, the flat is 10 minute walk to the Sacre Coeur, and Moulin Rouge The studio flat is 25sq meters with an open plan kitchen and a separate shower room with WC and clothes washer. It is on the 6th floor. there is no lift. The flat sleeps 2 adults. The sofa bed is good quality.  The flat is around the corner from Rue des Abbesses, the main shopping street in the neighborhood. Ther you'll find all manner of lovely food, wine, and pastry shops. This mythic neighborhood, once home to famous painters and musicians, is romantic and lively, boasting many restaurants, bars and boutiques, most are open on sundays.  The flat is a 15 minutes walk from Moulin rouge, Sacré Coeur and Place du Tertre, 10 minutes from Vineyards, Moulin de la Galette, Dalida's housse and theatre de l'Atelier. Metro station Abesses (line 12"
33539		I would be glad to welcome you in my flat in Montmartre
33540		Studio de 20m2, rue doudeauville dans le 18ème arrondissement, à deux pas de Montmartre. Studio en rez de chaussée donnant sur jardin donc assez tranquille, lumineux dans un immeuble de grand standing, machine a laver et grande armoire à disposition
33541	Cet appartement est idéal pour accueillir 4 personnes (un couple avec 2 enfants, 2 jeunes couples ou des amis...). Appartement au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, sous les toits,lumineux et CALME, dans un immeuble en pierre de taille (sécurisé avec code et interphone) au pied du Sacré-Coeur, à 10 mn du Moulin Rouge et de la place du Tertre. 1 chambre (lit 140x200) , lit superposé (lit 90x140). Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec baignoire - toilettes séparées - Accès wifi 	Appartement typiquement Parisien, 65m2, 3 pièces sous les toits au 6ème et dernier étage. Comprenant 2 chambres. Lumineux et très calme car donne sur cour. Un havre de paix au milieu du 18ème arr. Ideal pour un couple et 2 enfants ou des amis. Cet appartement est idéal pour accueillir 4 personnes (un couple avec 2 enfants, 2 jeunes couples ou des amis...). Appartement au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, sous les toits,lumineux et CALME, dans un immeuble en pierre de taille (sécurisé avec code et interphone) au pied du Sacré-Coeur, à 10 mn du Moulin Rouge et de la place du Tertre. 1 chambre (lit 140x200) , lit superposé (lit 90x140). Cuisine équipée (micro-ondes, four, plaque induction, machine à laver, frigo...) - Salles de bains avec baignoire - toilettes séparées - Accès wifi Accés Wifi Je serais présente pour vous réceptionner et disponible par téléphone. Un quartier animé ou vous pourrez profiter de ses différents attraits (bistrots, restaurants, commerces, théâtres, sites culturels...) 
33542	The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Toaster  - Iron and ironing board	This apartment is located in the heart of Paris’s Montmartre and comes fully equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Also, our 24/7 virtual concierge service and local hospitality team will be there to ensure you have a great stay The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The Walk-Up Apartment also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea - Toaster  - Iron and ironing board Our goal is to make sure you feel at home while you're staying with us so please enjoy t
33543	Entièrement équipé, calme et tout confort, mon appartement permet de se reposer après avoir visité la capitale. La cuisine équipée permet de se faire à manger comme à la maison. L'appartement est situé au premier étage d'un immeuble en léger retrait de la rue donnant sur un espace  arboré et calme. Un canapé lit dans le salon, permet d'accueillir deux autres personnes. J'espère que vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. 	This quiet and comfortable apartment is located in quartier Jules Joffrin, just behind the Montmartre hill in Paris. It is very well equipped and Subway stations at 2 min, and Sacré Coeur at 15 min afoot !
33544	Situé au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur  il est très ensoleillé et calme, vous pouvez dormir la fenêtre ouverte.  L'appartement est entièrement refait a neuf par un architecte.  Le débit Internet WIFI est très rapide via la fibre. A 15 min à pied du Sacré Coeur. A 2 min à pied du métro Guy Môquet (ligne13) Voyagez léger, les draps et les serviettes sont fournis ainsi que tout les produits de base (gel douche, shampoing, thé, café, lait, pâtes, condiments, vaisselles...)	Appartement 2 pièces entièrement refait a neuf par un architecte très ensoleillé et calme au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Il est cosy et fonctionnel à deux minutes à pied du métro et de toutes les commodités. Idéal pour profiter de Paris-Montmartre. Situé au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur  il est très ensoleillé et calme, vous pouvez dormir la fenêtre ouverte.  L'appartement est entièrement refait a neuf par un architecte.  Le débit Internet WIFI est très rapide via la fibre. A 15 min à pied du Sacré Coeur. A 2 min à pied du métro Guy Môquet (ligne13) Voyagez léger, les draps et les serviettes sont fournis ainsi que tout les produits de base (gel douche, shampoing, thé, café, lait, pâtes, condiments, vaisselles...) Vous avez accès au logement entier. Je serais disponible pour vous accueillir sinon un proche de confiance le fera avec le même enthousiasme! Montmartre est un quartier authentique de Paris. vous aller aimer ses artistes, ses lieux pittoresque et ses restaurants. 
33545	I AM IN THE APPARTMENT - THIS LOFT IS TO SHARE! JE SUIS DANS L'APPARTEMENT - CE LOFT EST À PARTAGER! THE LOFT : located in the Montmartre district: 18th arrondissement. The loft is located 2mn walk to the Métro Simplon, it is 200m2 (2152sf). Private garden 100m2 (1076sf), well designed, high standard, great confort. Groundfloor: no stairs.  Free internet access - ADSL Wi-Fi. Suitable for maximum 3 people : large room with 1 double bed + 1 single bed (good quality beds). Linen and a set of towels (per person) are provided. Feel free to use the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, garden, barbecue, jacuzzi etc. PRICE :  the room costs 70€/night (for 1 or 2 persons).  For a third person (any age): add 10€ (= 80€ per night for 3 persons). (please note that this is even cheaper than a youth hostel !) No extra fees for cleaning. All included. Please don't make any mistake: if you are 3, book for 3 persons. Don't write 1 or 2 if you are 3. Thanks to pay attention when you book online. WHO I AM : 	In the Montmartre district. I AM IN THE APPARTMENT - THIS LOFT IS TO SHARE! JE SUIS DANS L'APPARTEMENT - CE LOFT EST À PARTAGER! THE LOFT : located in the Montmartre district: 18th arrondissement. The loft is located 2mn walk to the Métro Simplon, it is 200m2 (2152sf). Private garden 100m2 (1076sf), well designed, high standard, great confort. Groundfloor: no stairs.  Free internet access - ADSL Wi-Fi. Suitable for maximum 3 people : large room with 1 double bed + 1 single bed (good quality beds). Linen and a set of towels (per person) are provided. Feel free to use the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, garden, barbecue, jacuzzi etc. PRICE :  the room costs 70€/night (for 1 or 2 persons).  For a third person (any age): add 10€ (= 80€ per night for 3 persons). (please note that this is even cheaper than a youth hostel !) No extra fees for cleaning. All included. Please don't make any mistake: if you are 3, book for 3 persons. Don't write 1 or 2 if you are 3. Thanks to pay attention when 
33546	"If you want to book for less than 4 nights, please go to the other ad. Very beautiful 55 square meters apartment in the ""18eme arrondissement"" - 6th floor (no lift), noize free - 1 bedroom with a king size bed, a couch for 1 person in the living room - Very well equiped kitchen - Big bathroom with a bathtub - Wide screen plasma tv - Free Wifi 5 min walk from the subway station (12) and the market. 10 mins from Montmartre (Abbesses, Sacré Coeur...) and it's restaurants and bars... 20 mins from Paris heart. Bus and Vélib right in front of the building"	"If you want to book for less than 4 nights, please go to the other ad. Very beautiful 55 square meters apartment in the ""18eme arrondissement"" - 6th floor (no lift), noize free - 1 bedroom with a king size bed, a couch for 1 person in the living room - Very well equiped kitchen - Big bathroom with a bathtub - Wide screen plasma tv - Free Wifi 5 min walk from the subway station (12) and the market. 10 mins from Montmartre (Abbesses, Sacré Coeur...) and it's restaurants and bars... 20 mins from Paris heart. Bus and Vélib right in front of the building"
33547		Deux pièces. Près de Montmartre. Proche metro et marché de l'olive Pour 2 personnes Cour privative. Très calme.
33548		Appart de 65 m2  face au Sacré Coeur. Salle de bain avec Baignoire, immeuble Haussmannien. Toutes les fenêtres de l'appartement donnant sur le Parc du Sacré Cœur, sans vis a vis.300m du Métro Anvers. 5ème étage sans ascenseur + romantique impossible
33549	Proche de tout commerce et transport	Appartement typique parisien situé entre Montmartre et le célèbre marché aux puces de saint ouen. Venez découvrir les plaisirs de la vie Parisienne. Possibilités de couchage 6 personnes car 2 lits et 1 canapé convertible. Très propre, accueillant et chaleureux! A très bientôt  Proche de tout commerce et transport A tout
33550	Nous vous proposons notre charmant deux pièces,au sein d'un quartier cosmopolite très sympa avec ses petits marchés. L'appartement  est composé d'un séjour/cuisine (équipé d'une banquette/lit confortable)  assez vaste ainsi que d'une grande chambre munie d'un lit douillet.Une petite chambre d'enfant toute équipée est à votre disposition ainsi qu' une jolie salle de bain dotée d'une grande douche. L appartement est refait à neuf avec goût et relativement bien équipé (four micro-ondes,plaques inductions,lave linge,télé,internet,PC à disposition...). Un parking souterrain est aussi compris dans la location. Dernier détail, nous habitons au 5étage sans ascenseur, mais ce petit désagrément présente l'avantage de sculpter un beau fessier ! :)) Nous concevons que les quartiers populaires puissent éventuellement refroidir un peu les moins téméraires, mais croyez nous,cela est aussi bourré de charme et a aussi son lot de supers choses à faire!	Nous vous proposons notre charmant deux pièces,au sein d'un quartier cosmopolite très sympa avec ses petits marchés. L'appartement  est composé d'un séjour/cuisine (équipé d'une banquette/lit confortable)  assez vaste ainsi que d'une grande chambre munie d'un lit douillet.Une petite chambre d'enfant toute équipée est à votre disposition ainsi qu' une jolie salle de bain dotée d'une grande douche. L appartement est refait à neuf avec goût et relativement bien équipé (four micro-ondes,plaques inductions,lave linge,télé,internet,PC à disposition...). Un parking souterrain est aussi compris dans la location. Dernier détail, nous habitons au 5étage sans ascenseur, mais ce petit désagrément présente l'avantage de sculpter un beau fessier ! :)) Nous concevons que les quartiers populaires puissent éventuellement refroidir un peu les moins téméraires, mais croyez nous,cela est aussi bourré de charme et a aussi son lot de supers choses à faire! A une minute de la ligne 12 et 5mn de la ligne 2 , 
33551	l'appartement est refait à neuf et le balcon filant plein sud offre une vue dégagée et lumineuse	2 pièces 35m2 avec grand  balcon filant sur jardin et sans vis-à-vis. Plein sud vue sur Montmartre et Sacré-Coeur. Au 7 ème étage ascenseur, refait à neuf. Cuisine américaine ouverte, 4 couchages. Proches commerces et moyens de transports. l'appartement est refait à neuf et le balcon filant plein sud offre une vue dégagée et lumineuse Quartier populaire, à proximité du célèbre marché aux Puces de St Ouen, tous commerces et moyens de transports pour se rendre au centre ville . si vous venez en avion  : charles de gaulle le Roissy bus jusqu'à Opéra puis métro. Orly : Orly à Denfert Rochereau en bus RATP puis ligne 4 direction porte de Clignancourt qui est le terminus.
33552	This 36 m2 flat is situated close to a wonderful area of Paris : Montmartre.  • It’s a 1bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor (no elevator). The apartment is quiet, warm and comfortable. Perfect for 2 people and very practical for tourists. It is located close to subways (L 4 and L 12) and Bus (phone number hidden)).  Apartment has a kitchen fitted and equipped, bathroom with a shower and living area. • Kitchen : refrigerator/freezer, microwave, Nespresso machine, toaster, electric kettle, washing machine… • Bathroom : hairdryer, iron.  • Living area: TV, wireless Internet, plenty of books and magazines… • Sheets and towels are provided.	Quiet, lovely and comfortable. It has everything you will need for your stay. Perfect for 2 people ! This 36 m2 flat is situated close to a wonderful area of Paris : Montmartre.  • It’s a 1bedroom apartment on the 3rd floor (no elevator). The apartment is quiet, warm and comfortable. Perfect for 2 people and very practical for tourists. It is located close to subways (L 4 and L 12) and Bus (phone number hidden)).  Apartment has a kitchen fitted and equipped, bathroom with a shower and living area. • Kitchen : refrigerator/freezer, microwave, Nespresso machine, toaster, electric kettle, washing machine… • Bathroom : hairdryer, iron.  • Living area: TV, wireless Internet, plenty of books and magazines… • Sheets and towels are provided. There are bars and cafés, restaurants, supermarkets, open-air market around.  See my Pinterest and all places that i love in the neighborhood (between 5 and 15 minutes walking): (website hidden) • It is close from Montmartre and Sacré-Cœur (10-15 min walki
33553	Modern and minimalist decoration. Fully equipped with HD TV, WiFi, real double bed (140/190), fully equipped kitchen to cook a romantic candlelight dinner (ceramic hob, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, refrigerator, washing machine) . Bathroom with shower, hairdryer. Large closet and separate WC. Linen and towels provided. The apartment is located on the fourth floor (with elevator) of a building built in 1892, with secure code and guardian. The neighborhood is lively and enjoys the village atmosphere in the heart of Paris. Location: This apartment enjoys a privileged location in a typical and lively  area : 15 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, the famous Place du Tertre and its painters, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, Place des Abbesses on traces of Amélie Poulain and all the famous places frequented by the Impressionists. The area is full of restaurants of all categories and shops open every day (less than 100 meters), but it is particularly the many nice shop owners from the famous	New on Airbnb : Studio 22 m2 fully renovated in May 2014 ... ! Bright, functional with lots of charm (parquet , tiles, moldings ) at the foot of the hill Montrmatre. Modern and minimalist decoration. Fully equipped with HD TV, WiFi, real double bed (140/190), fully equipped kitchen to cook a romantic candlelight dinner (ceramic hob, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, refrigerator, washing machine) . Bathroom with shower, hairdryer. Large closet and separate WC. Linen and towels provided. The apartment is located on the fourth floor (with elevator) of a building built in 1892, with secure code and guardian. The neighborhood is lively and enjoys the village atmosphere in the heart of Paris. Location: This apartment enjoys a privileged location in a typical and lively  area : 15 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, the famous Place du Tertre and its painters, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, Place des Abbesses on traces of Amélie Poulain and all the famous places frequented by the Impressionist
33554	"Hello, I'm Charly! I rent out my studio, quiet & cosy , located in the heart of Montmartre (in the street of ""Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain""). Next to Place des Abbesses, Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge :)"	"I'm Charly! I rent out my studio, quiet & cosy , located in the heart of Montmartre (in the street of ""Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain""). Next to Place des Abbesses, Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge !"
33555	Please send me a note inquiring about availability before you try to book, THANK YOU! An ideally situated apartment, right in the heart of Paris, in Montmartre quarter, very close to the Sacre Coeur. Completely renovated (March 2013), this lovely studio of 20 m2 offers you all the comfort and conveniences that any tourist may expect during his stay in Paris. It is located in a quiet building and overlooking an inner courtyard, so it is calm and quiet. It is on the third floor with a lift.  The property is about 20 m2 and comprises living room/ bedroom, a little kitchen, and a little bathroom. Floors throughout the apartment are wooden. This new apartment will charm you with its cosy style, practical location and friendliness ambiance.  The living room includes:  A very comfortable sofa bed (140 X 200) that is very easy to open. In just two moves the sofa turns into bed for 2 people. Bed linen, duvets and pillows are provided. A crib is available on request;  A TV with all cable channel	 A comfortable flat steps from Basilica of Sacre-Coeur, Place du Tertre Moulin Rouge, Church of St. Pierre and the Montmartre Museum. We think it's great for romantic holiday or for a sole week of walks in Paris! Please send me a note inquiring about availability before you try to book, THANK YOU! An ideally situated apartment, right in the heart of Paris, in Montmartre quarter, very close to the Sacre Coeur. Completely renovated (March 2013), this lovely studio of 20 m2 offers you all the comfort and conveniences that any tourist may expect during his stay in Paris. It is located in a quiet building and overlooking an inner courtyard, so it is calm and quiet. It is on the third floor with a lift.  The property is about 20 m2 and comprises living room/ bedroom, a little kitchen, and a little bathroom. Floors throughout the apartment are wooden. This new apartment will charm you with its cosy style, practical location and friendliness ambiance.  The living room includes:  A very comfort
33556	The perfect Parisian hideaway: cozy and chic, designer remodeled 1-bedroom furnished apartment romantically situated on a pedestrian street at the base of the Sacre Coeur Basilica. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom (shower), separate WC with hand basin. Internet, telephone, and television subscription included. Located just steps from the Paris metro (Anvers, line 2) and the cafés, shops, and restaurants of the famous Montmartre-Pigalle district—yet quiet and calm (courtyard facing). Convenient to all public transport. Public parking nearby. Very close to open-air markets and commercial supermarkets.	1-bedroom furnished apartment romantically situated on a pedestrian street at the base of the Sacre Coeur Basilica. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom (shower), separate WC with hand basin. Internet, local telephone, and television included. The perfect Parisian hideaway: cozy and chic, designer remodeled 1-bedroom furnished apartment romantically situated on a pedestrian street at the base of the Sacre Coeur Basilica. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom (shower), separate WC with hand basin. Internet, telephone, and television subscription included. Located just steps from the Paris metro (Anvers, line 2) and the cafés, shops, and restaurants of the famous Montmartre-Pigalle district—yet quiet and calm (courtyard facing). Convenient to all public transport. Public parking nearby. Very close to open-air markets and commercial supermarkets. Full apartment As needed. We are not in the apartment when rented Montmartre-Pigalle! Right in the middle of a great spot. Cafés, restaurants just downst
33557	This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a bourgeois building, in the lively and picturesque neighbourhood of Montmartre. Space lovers will most certainly enjoy the appartment : the living room features  very high ceilings and a huge bay window which acts as a wall, offering a stunning view of the Parisian sky. You will feel just like a bird! The bay window opens up on a balcony from which you can admire the Eiffel Tower sparkling in the night.  Facing the bay window, you have a large corner sofa, a most comfortable and bright living space. The dining table is underneath the beautiful wooden mezzanine which increases the floor area even more and offers a cozy reading and study area.  The entrance serves the two double bedrooms, the kitchen, the bathroom, and a shower room with toilets. Everyone is free to come and go as they want; enough room for all! The kitchen, located on the right of the entrance, is functional, well-equipped, and offers the same  great view thanks to a large 	Spacious three bedroom apartment in Montmartre, in a lively and picturesque neighbourhood, wiath a stunning view of Paris. Sleeps up to 5 people. This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a bourgeois building, in the lively and picturesque neighbourhood of Montmartre. Space lovers will most certainly enjoy the appartment : the living room features  very high ceilings and a huge bay window which acts as a wall, offering a stunning view of the Parisian sky. You will feel just like a bird! The bay window opens up on a balcony from which you can admire the Eiffel Tower sparkling in the night.  Facing the bay window, you have a large corner sofa, a most comfortable and bright living space. The dining table is underneath the beautiful wooden mezzanine which increases the floor area even more and offers a cozy reading and study area.  The entrance serves the two double bedrooms, the kitchen, the bathroom, and a shower room with toilets. Everyone is free to come and go as they want; enough
33558	Lovely 32m2 apartment nestled between Montmartre stairs, near the Sacré Coeur and Rue Lepic. Located Rue des Trois Frères this apartment includes: -> a fully equiped kitchen -> a living-room with cable tv -> a comfortable bedroom with a queen size bed + a comfortable hamac if you want a third person (only 20e/night) -> a small bathroom with a bathtub -> bed linens + bath towels With an elevator the apartment is very calm and situated in the heart of Montmartre is moments from grocery shops, bakery (the very same one that serves the Elysée), supermarkets, charming restaurants, little boutiques, Colignon shop, café des 2 moulins, rue Lepic, the Moulin Rouge, and the Sacré Coeur! You will appreciate the natural light filing of the flat the most of the day, and the decoration. Come on and enjoy Paris! Subway stations: Abbesses (line 12) or Anvers or Pigalle (line 12 and 2).	Lovely 32m2 apartment nestled between Montmartre stairs, near the Sacré Coeur and Rue Lepic. Located Rue des Trois Frères this apartment includes: -> a fully equiped kitchen -> a living-room with cable tv -> a comfortable bedroom with a queen size bed + a comfortable hamac if you want a third person (only 20e/night) -> a small bathroom with a bathtub -> bed linens + bath towels With an elevator the apartment is very calm and situated in the heart of Montmartre is moments from grocery shops, bakery (the very same one that serves the Elysée), supermarkets, charming restaurants, little boutiques, Colignon shop, café des 2 moulins, rue Lepic, the Moulin Rouge, and the Sacré Coeur! You will appreciate the natural light filing of the flat the most of the day, and the decoration. Come on and enjoy Paris! Subway stations: Abbesses (line 12) or Anvers or Pigalle (line 12 and 2).
33559		Dans un quartier vivant et commerçant mais calme cependant, tout près de Montmartre. de nombreux transports à proximité: métro, bus, vélib.
33560	"Nice 2 bedroom flat (2 beds for 2 people each) in a very lively neighborhood. Right next to Montmartre, Sacre coeur, rue de Martyr and the ""moulin rouge"". 10 min walk from Opera."	"50 sqm apartment with 2 bedrooms (1 bed for 2 people each), a kitchen and 1 bathroom fully furnished Nice 2 bedroom flat (2 beds for 2 people each) in a very lively neighborhood. Right next to Montmartre, Sacre coeur, rue de Martyr and the ""moulin rouge"". 10 min walk from Opera. Neighborhood with many restaurants, bars, supermarket and anything you might need! Metro: Anvers (Line 2), Pigalle (Line 12), Cadet (Line 7), Barbes (Line 4)"
33561	Avec ses poutres apparentes, son parquet en bois naturel et ses céramiques, ce bel appartement offre une parfaite expérience de séjour parisien. Composé de deux pièces dont une chambre avec un lit double et une salle de séjour/salle à manger comportant une grande bibliotheque, un coin salon avec deux banquettes transformables en lits simples, il comprend également une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec une douche et une baignoire et des WC séparés. Il est idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants, recherchant un logement à la fois pratique, original et charmant.	Cet appartement de deux pièces entièrement équipé et refait à neuf par un architecte, est un parfait nid cosy sous les toits, situé dans le quartier Montmartre, dans un immeuble ancien bien entretenu, proche des transports, commerces et restaurants. Avec ses poutres apparentes, son parquet en bois naturel et ses céramiques, ce bel appartement offre une parfaite expérience de séjour parisien. Composé de deux pièces dont une chambre avec un lit double et une salle de séjour/salle à manger comportant une grande bibliotheque, un coin salon avec deux banquettes transformables en lits simples, il comprend également une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec une douche et une baignoire et des WC séparés. Il est idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants, recherchant un logement à la fois pratique, original et charmant. Nous sommes très heureux de vous accueillir dans cet appartement que nous avons pris soin de rendre beau, confortable et pratique. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter si
33562	The appartment is at the 3rd floor, view on the trees from the square. Internert, wifi, television, hair dryer, kitchen robot...  Bakery, supermarket and pharmacy downstairs.  Very nice bars and restaurants in the area	Nice studio of 20 square meters in the 18th, close from Porte de Clignancourt and le Sacré Coeur.  Adorable sunny appartment, metro Simplon or Jules Joffrin at 5 min by walk. The appartment is at the 3rd floor, view on the trees from the square. Internert, wifi, television, hair dryer, kitchen robot...  Bakery, supermarket and pharmacy downstairs.  Very nice bars and restaurants in the area I will be happy to show you the area and give you nice adresses. You have the marché aux puces at 5 minutes by walk, the Montmartre area, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle ... Metro Porte de Clignancourt (5 minutes) ligne 4 Metro Porte de Clignancourt (5 minutes) ligne 4 Metro Jules Joffrin (5 minutes) ligne 12
33563	"We rent our 30m² apartment 10min by walking from the ""Sacré Coeur""  Equipment : - 1 double bed - 1 sofa bed -1 kitchen with all kitchen utensil (glass, flatware, plate...) - 1 fridge and 1 washing machine - Toilet + shower in two different rooms - Accommodation for 4 people Commodities : - Metro 12 (Jules Joffrin) and 4(Simplon) at 2min by walking - supermarket - bakery "	"We rent our 30m² apartment 10min by walking from the ""Sacré Coeur""  Equipment : - 1 double bed - 1 sofa bed -1 kitchen with all kitchen utensil (glass, flatware, plate...) - 1 fridge and 1 washing machine - Toilet + shower in two different rooms - Accommodation for 4 people Commodities : - Metro 12 (Jules Joffrin) and 4(Simplon) at 2min by walking - supermarket - bakery Metro 12, Jules Joffrin station Metro 4, Simplon station"
33564	At the corner of two village streets of Montmartre, a beautiful apartment with two rooms - (11m2 bedroom + 25m2 living-room/open kitchen + separated bathroom and toilets).  I furnished and decorated my flat in a very personal way : a mix of exotic and mystic objects, Parisian antiques and works of art... that I hope you will enjoy ! The sofa in the living-room can be unfolded for a 2 persons bed (1m60).  The bed in the bedroom is a Japanese futon, which is convenient for fragile backs. The flat is equipped with a washing-machine, a big oven, micro-wave and induction plates.  You can enjoy the Wifi and the cable TV as well (lots of free international stations available, such as Arte, CNN or French TV...) . The bed sheets, bath towels and dish towels will be fresh and clean when you arrive. For wonderful quiet nights, the windows are made with reinforced double glazing.	The living-room has a triangle shape, like the top of a boat. A ship with many influences, a kind of cabinet of curiosity that contains history. The ship heads a very alive and wonderful district of North Montmartre where I've lived for a while. At the corner of two village streets of Montmartre, a beautiful apartment with two rooms - (11m2 bedroom + 25m2 living-room/open kitchen + separated bathroom and toilets).  I furnished and decorated my flat in a very personal way : a mix of exotic and mystic objects, Parisian antiques and works of art... that I hope you will enjoy ! The sofa in the living-room can be unfolded for a 2 persons bed (1m60).  The bed in the bedroom is a Japanese futon, which is convenient for fragile backs. The flat is equipped with a washing-machine, a big oven, micro-wave and induction plates.  You can enjoy the Wifi and the cable TV as well (lots of free international stations available, such as Arte, CNN or French TV...) . The bed sheets, bath towels and dish to
33565	  flat with one bedroom. 35 m2 for a couple Old parquet marble fireplace in living room and bedroom The paintings are new. Bright clean and clear Hall kitchen bathroom - shower room  Large window with shutters in every room with balcony in front of each window Kitchen washing machine microwave fridge coffee (website hidden), music Haussmann building 3rd floor with elevator 	  flat with one bedroom. 35 m2 for a couple Old parquet marble fireplace in living room and bedroom The paintings are new. Bright clean and clear Hall kitchen bathroom - shower room  Large window with shutters in every room with balcony in front of each window Kitchen washing machine microwave fridge coffee (website hidden), music Haussmann building 3rd floor with elevator 10 minutes walk from the butte Montmartre and the Sacred Heart 10 minutes Lamark caulaincourt Metro line 12 and line 4 and many bus District post its good shopping and product typically French local cafe
33566	If you want to feel like home, my place is an excellent starting point for all your exhausting days, walking around the city. Cosy and very quiet, the apt is overlooking a very luminous and typical Parisian courtyard.	Bright, quiet and cosy two-roomed flat. It's fully-equipped and very comfortable. There's a small one-person sofa bed for a third guest. Just in front of the metro (line 12) and bus station. Close to food stores, bakeries, market and restaurants. Cosmopolitan and lively area. If you want to feel like home, my place is an excellent starting point for all your exhausting days, walking around the city. Cosy and very quiet, the apt is overlooking a very luminous and typical Parisian courtyard. You can access all the space, and I'll make special place for you in my dressing. You can reach me on the phone or by email. In the middle of a popular and hip area, you’ll feel the real parisian experience, at the corner of every culture : you can walk through the African neighboorhood to eat some delicious Caribbean and Senegalese food, or through the Indian area a few blocks away and feel like you’re in Goa. If the big boulevard is busy day and night and can accommodate all your needs 24h a day, y
33567	Nice furnished studio 21m2, kitchen and independent bathroom, 7th floor at the foot of Montmartre and cityhall of the 18th district. Nearest Metro Line 12 &13. Quiet and renovated. Internet, heating, refrigerator, hot plates, MicroWave, TV. Double good quality bed, desk, closet, balcony. Open market once a week. Shops in quantity. Quiet and well attended neighbourhood. 	Nice furnished studio 21m2, kitchen and separate bathroom, 7th floor at the foot of Montmartre and Mairie of the 18th arrondissement. Lines 12 & 13 metros.Calm and renovated. Internet, heating, frige, stove, comfortable. Linen provided. Nice furnished studio 21m2, kitchen and independent bathroom, 7th floor at the foot of Montmartre and cityhall of the 18th district. Nearest Metro Line 12 &13. Quiet and renovated. Internet, heating, refrigerator, hot plates, MicroWave, TV. Double good quality bed, desk, closet, balcony. Open market once a week. Shops in quantity. Quiet and well attended neighbourhood. Fully furnished, clean and calm flat I will personally welcome them Very close to Montmartre. Typical Parisian atmosphere.  3 Metro lines 12, 13 and 4. 1 main bus 31
33568	Nice 2 bedroom apartment in Paris 39 square meters, very well arranged (shower cabin, film projector integrated sofa-bed in the living room, musculation bench in the bed room) in the privileged area of Jules Joffrin, Paris 18th arrondissement two steps from Jules Joffrin subway line 12 (few stations from Gare St Lazare). At 7 minutes walk away there is another subway line 4 Marcadet Poissoniere. All kinds of restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. 5 minutes walking from home between Lamarck and Chateau Rouge (Montmartre) there are plenty of bars and places to go out in the evening. Reach back my street for 8 minutes and you will be in Montmartre. The street is very characteristic and picturesque with a permanent market. The apartment is bright (4th floor). The living room is large and bright, with a leather sofa bed, a cinema projector to the front wall, a large dining table. The bedroom has a large wardrobe, a double bed, a flat screen TV facing the bed and a musculation bench. The	Nice 2 bedroom apartment in Paris 39 square meters, very well arranged (shower cabin, film projector integrated sofa-bed in the living room, musculation bench in the bed room) in the privileged area of Jules Joffrin, Paris 18th arrondissement two steps from Jules Joffrin subway line 12 (few stations from Gare St Lazare). At 7 minutes walk away there is another subway line 4 Marcadet Poissoniere. All kinds of restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. 5 minutes walking from home between Lamarck and Chateau Rouge (Montmartre) there are plenty of bars and places to go out in the evening. Reach back my street for 8 minutes and you will be in Montmartre. The street is very characteristic and picturesque with a permanent market. The apartment is bright (4th floor). The living room is large and bright, with a leather sofa bed, a cinema projector to the front wall, a large dining table. The bedroom has a large wardrobe, a double bed, a flat screen TV facing the bed and a musculation bench. The
33569	Appartement de charme fraichement rénové et décoré. Vous pouvez habitez à deux.	Appartement de charme fraichement rénové et décoré. Vous pouvez habitez à deux. Vous avez le droit à tout dans l'appartement ! Du moment que vous laissez l'endroit propre et rangé en partant. Vous pouvez m'appeler ou m'envoyer un mail je suis disponible toute la journée ! Quartier familial et sympathique qu'est le 18ème arrondissement. Près de la mairie, du métro et des bus, des commerces et des restaurants. Près de la ligne 4 (Marcadet-Poisonnier) et ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin).
33570	- 38m2 / 410 ftsq. + Balcony - 2/3 rooms (1BR + double living) - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation.  - Pristine clean. - Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment. - Free phone calls (local and international land phones) ************** Full description: 10 mn from Gare du Nord, within walking distance from Sacré Coeur, a very beautiful 2/3-room apartment recently renovated mixing original items (oak parquet) with stylish modern elements (polished concrete). The apartment is at the 4th and top floor of a small old building located down Montmartre Hill, in a cobblestone street mixing modern and old small buildings and houses with gardens. The apartment faces beautiful 19th century Paris buildings. The apartment is flooded with sunlight with 4 big windows with double glazing giving on a long leafy balcony surrounding the apartment towards south and west (pics were made on a very rainy day!). There is a double living room with a mo	- Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment South/West - 38m2 / 420 ftsq. + balcony - 1BR + double living - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation - Pristine clean - 38m2 / 410 ftsq. + Balcony - 2/3 rooms (1BR + double living) - Fully equipped kitchen - stylish bathroom - separate toilets - Very beautiful renovation.  - Pristine clean. - Big Balcony, 4 windows, sun, corner apartment. - Free phone calls (local and international land phones) ************** Full description: 10 mn from Gare du Nord, within walking distance from Sacré Coeur, a very beautiful 2/3-room apartment recently renovated mixing original items (oak parquet) with stylish modern elements (polished concrete). The apartment is at the 4th and top floor of a small old building located down Montmartre Hill, in a cobblestone street mixing modern and old small buildings and houses with gardens. The apartment faces beautiful 19th century Paris buildings. The apartment is f
33571	"Charming apartment at the foot of the Butte Montmartre, near the subway station Lamarck-Caulaincourt, it's made of one kitchen, one bathroom, one living room and one bedroom with a king size bed. Fitted with all the equipment you can need, you will find a washing machine, oven, micro-wave, fridge... The ceiling height of almost 9ft offers a beautiful space. Surrounded by many shops, including the Poteau street, and many bars and restaurant, located on the line 12 to access many ""flagship"" areas of the city, not far from the line 4, this flat is perfectly located. There is an internet connection and a phone."	"Charming apartment at the foot of the Butte Montmartre, near the subway station Lamarck-Caulaincourt, it's made of one kitchen, one bathroom, one living room and one bedroom with a king size bed. Fitted with all the equipment you can need, you will find a washing machine, oven, micro-wave, fridge... The ceiling height of almost 9ft offers a beautiful space. Surrounded by many shops, including the Poteau street, and many bars and restaurant, located on the line 12 to access many ""flagship"" areas of the city, not far from the line 4, this flat is perfectly located. There is an internet connection and a phone."
33572	it is a pretty duplex with much seal to the feet of Montmartre in a very calm garden.Close trade and subway (line 4 and 12). the district is pleasant, there are coffees, restaurant… the apartment is equipped with a washing machine the linen, and of to wash the Dishes. It is very luminous in day and gives on pretty a very calm garden.	it is a pretty duplex with much seal to the feet of Montmartre in a very calm garden.Close trade and subway (line 4 and 12). the district is pleasant, there are coffees, restaurant… the apartment is equipped with a washing machine the linen, and of to wash the Dishes. It is very luminous in day and gives on pretty a very calm garden.
33573		Deux pièces lumineux de 32 m2 au 5ème et dernier étage, vue sur Montmartre.  A deux pas du marché de l'olive et de ses cafés.
33574	Studio de 20 m² à louer dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, proche Montmartre. Refait à neuf et parfaitement équipé pour 2 personnes. 	Charmant studio au cœur du 18eme arrondissement de Paris, proche de Montmartre. Idéal pour un couple désirant visiter la capitale. Libre du 1er au 31 juillet.  A studio flat in the heart of Paris 18th arrondissement, close to Montmartre. Ideal for a couple who wishes to explore the capital. Studio de 20 m² à louer dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris, proche Montmartre. Refait à neuf et parfaitement équipé pour 2 personnes. Métro lignes 12, 13 et 4 Bus 31, 95 et 60
33575	The apartment is equipped with appliances and it has been refurbished recently. The flooring in oak herringbone parquet, the fireplace, the moldings and mirrors – all restored – give lots of charm to this typical XIX century Parisian apartment. Located in a higher floor and opening into a courtyard, the apartment is very luminous and quiet and has a beautiful view over the poetic Paris rooftops.	In perfect state, this very quiet apartment is located in the 5th floor of a haussmannian building, amidst lively commercial streets. The subway station is 2min away and Montmartre can be reached by walk in 7min. The apartment is equipped with appliances and it has been refurbished recently. The flooring in oak herringbone parquet, the fireplace, the moldings and mirrors – all restored – give lots of charm to this typical XIX century Parisian apartment. Located in a higher floor and opening into a courtyard, the apartment is very luminous and quiet and has a beautiful view over the poetic Paris rooftops. The neighborhood is very typical, full of traditional shops and close by numerous street markets, all accessible by walk. Excellent bakeries at the doorstep. The Sacré-Cœur and Montmartre are a 7min walk away from the apartment. Subway line 12 - Jules Joffrin  Subway line 4 - Marcadet Poissonnier  Bus 60 - Jules Joffrin
33576	Apart Sophie Montmartre is a bright, spatious and beautiful 100 m2 with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms located in Montmartre. This apartment is located on the 7th floor with elevator in a modern residence and has a very nice terrace with stunning views of the Sacré-Coeur. Each bedroom has a double bed and large closets. One of the rooms has also a double bed in mezzanin. In the living room there is a comfortable double sofa bed and there is one more single sofa bed you can add where needed. There are 2 bathrooms (one with a bathtub, one with a shower and toilet + a separate toilet). The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, washing machine dryer …). and you will find all the amenities needed for a pleasant and relaxing stay, including cable TV and internet access. Right outside the builiding are 2 supermarkets and many small shops for shopping, restaurants, bars and terraces. Very convenient location 150 meters from Metro station Anvers (Line 2), you can go anywh	CASA SOPHIE Montmartre is a bright, spatious and beautiful 100 m2 apartment with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms located in Montmartre.This apart is located on the 7th floor with elevator and has a very nice terrace with stunning views of the Sacré Coeur Apart Sophie Montmartre is a bright, spatious and beautiful 100 m2 with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms located in Montmartre. This apartment is located on the 7th floor with elevator in a modern residence and has a very nice terrace with stunning views of the Sacré-Coeur. Each bedroom has a double bed and large closets. One of the rooms has also a double bed in mezzanin. In the living room there is a comfortable double sofa bed and there is one more single sofa bed you can add where needed. There are 2 bathrooms (one with a bathtub, one with a shower and toilet + a separate toilet). The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, ceramic hob, fridge, microwave, washing machine dryer …). and you will find all the amenities needed for a pleasant and relaxin
33577		Joli appartement de 44 mètres. 100 mètres du métro. Chambre séparée avec lit double et vue magnifique sur le Sacré-Coeur Salon avec canapé-lit pour deux personnes. Cuisine équipée, SDB et WC. WIFI.  5éme étages sans ascenseur.
33578	Are you looking for a warm place and exchange that allows you to feel at home while enjoying the parisian charm... then you are at the right place! The apartment : The bedroom is furnished with a very comfortable double bed ( bought recently) and a work desk. Our living room has a sofa. For entertainment, you will find a flat screen TV. The kitchen is well equipped, you will find hob, microwave, oven and all the necessary equipment to allow you to cook nicely. Our bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine, you will also have at your disposal a hairdryer. The apartment is located on the 1st floor. Access to the building is secure (security code). Very careful, I attach great importance to cleanliness and comfort of my guests. Bed linen and towels are provided.	"Apartment Close MONTMARTRE 2 rooms, 1 bedroom 2-3 persons, 30 m2 Are you looking for a warm place and exchange that allows you to feel at home while enjoying the parisian charm... then you are at the right place! The apartment : The bedroom is furnished with a very comfortable double bed ( bought recently) and a work desk. Our living room has a sofa. For entertainment, you will find a flat screen TV. The kitchen is well equipped, you will find hob, microwave, oven and all the necessary equipment to allow you to cook nicely. Our bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine, you will also have at your disposal a hairdryer. The apartment is located on the 1st floor. Access to the building is secure (security code). Very careful, I attach great importance to cleanliness and comfort of my guests. Bed linen and towels are provided. Safe and central, this district embodies Parisian ""savoir-vivre"". It's shops and traditional markets you will find all the flavors of French gastronomy, bakeries,"
33579	This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  On the first floor without elevator, this spacious 80m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and a lot of space!  The living room is very comfortable there is a sofa, armchairs, a little table, TV as well as the dinner table. Big windows all along the walls make it bright and give an amazing view on the Place du Tertre. American kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, cofee machine, toaster, cooker, oven, washing machine and so on.  There are 3 bedrooms,  first one is with a double bed and a big wardrobe for all your clothes; second one is with a single bed and different shelfs for your things, last one is also with a double bed.  It can accommodate 5 persons. There are two bathrooms, first one is  with a shower and separated toilet, second one is with a bath	This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  This enormous flat  on Montmartre, is located in the center of artistic life and on the highest point of Paris. You are living on the place du Tertre with its many artists setting up their easels each day for the tourists.  On the first floor without elevator, this spacious 80m² flat will charm you with its amazing design and a lot of space!  The living room is very comfortable there is a sofa, armchairs, a little table, TV as well as the dinner table. Big windows all along the walls make it bright and give an amazing view on the Place du Tertre. American kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, cofee machine, toaster, cooker, oven, washing machine and so on.  There are 3 bedrooms,  first one is with a double bed and a big wardrobe for all your clothes; second one is
33580	chambre avec lit double calme et lumineuse. Dans le salon se trouve un vrai canapé lit de 2 places ,une grande bibliothèque ainsi qu'une table pouvant accueillir 6 personnes.	Dans un quartier commerçant et animé entre lamarck et jules joffrin,au pied de la butte montmartre.Appartement,3piéces de 47m,distribué en étoile.calme,lumineux, tout équipé.Situé au 4ème,nous condamnons une chambre de 7m pour vous faire de la place. chambre avec lit double calme et lumineuse. Dans le salon se trouve un vrai canapé lit de 2 places ,une grande bibliothèque ainsi qu'une table pouvant accueillir 6 personnes. Dans le quartier,nous avons de nombreux commerçants et quelques restaurants très sympa 3 min de jules joffrin Ligne 12 6 min de lamarck-caulaincourt Ligne12 10 min de marcadet-poissonnier Ligne 4 De nombreux bus partent de la mairie du 18ème située à 3 min de l'appartement
33581	Bright duplex apartment of 44 square meters, refurbished one year ago by an architect. With parquet. Located in the 3rd floor, without lift, secured by 2 digicodes.  Fully equipped, quiet (double glazing), perfect for a couple. Including : a bedroon (with double bed 160), a desk, a living room with an open-plan kitchen and minibar. Italian bathroom. Located at 6 minutes walk from the Sacré-Cœur (Montmartre) and 10 minutes walk from the Abbesses area. - Underground Château-Rouge (Line no 4) and underground Marcadet-Poissonniers (Line 12) each located at 5 minutes walk. - Close to all type of stores : supermarkets, bars, cafés, bakeries and restaurants. - Very easy to access everywhere in Paris : 15 minutes from Châtelet, 20 minutes from Quartier Latin, 8 minutes from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. For any question, please do not hesitate to send an email. We are looking forward to welcoming you.	Welcome in our appartment, in the heart of the cosmopolit area of Chateau-Rouge, in the north of Paris. Located at 15 minutes walk from Montmartre, you can easily get all the sightseeing of Paris thanks to 3 subway lines (Lines no 2, 4 and 12). Bright duplex apartment of 44 square meters, refurbished one year ago by an architect. With parquet. Located in the 3rd floor, without lift, secured by 2 digicodes.  Fully equipped, quiet (double glazing), perfect for a couple. Including : a bedroon (with double bed 160), a desk, a living room with an open-plan kitchen and minibar. Italian bathroom. Located at 6 minutes walk from the Sacré-Cœur (Montmartre) and 10 minutes walk from the Abbesses area. - Underground Château-Rouge (Line no 4) and underground Marcadet-Poissonniers (Line 12) each located at 5 minutes walk. - Close to all type of stores : supermarkets, bars, cafés, bakeries and restaurants. - Very easy to access everywhere in Paris : 15 minutes from Châtelet, 20 minutes from Quartier 
33582	A 5 min à pied du Sacré-Coeur, du quartier des Abbesses et de Pigalle et à 10 min du Moulin Rouge, cette appartement se situe dans un quartier charmant et accueillant de Paris. Proche toutes commodités. A 2 minutes à pied du Métro Anvers (ligne 2) et à 10 min à pied de la Gare du Nord. L'appartement de 35 M2 se compose d'une chambre, d'un salon avec canapé-lit, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle de douche. Il convient parfaitement pour 4 personnes maximum : couples ou amis ( possibilité de dormir à 2). Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble de type haussmannien, l'appartement est calme (survitrage) et cosy. Cuisine équipée : gazinière, four, four micro-ondes, machine à café, grille-pain, réfrégirateur et congélateur. Appartement équipé d'une machine à laver, Internet et wifi. Serviettes de toilettes inclues. Habitants dans le quartier depuis plusieurs années, nous pourrons vous laisser des adresses utiles. English :  The apartment is a five-minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur, Abbesses and P	A 5 min à pied du Sacré-Coeur, du quartier des Abbesses et de Pigalle et à 10 min du Moulin Rouge, cette appartement se situe dans un quartier charmant et accueillant de Paris. Proche toutes commodités. A 2 minutes à pied du Métro Anvers (ligne 2) et à 10 min à pied de la Gare du Nord. L'appartement de 35 M2 se compose d'une chambre, d'un salon avec canapé-lit, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle de douche. Il convient parfaitement pour 4 personnes maximum : couples ou amis ( possibilité de dormir à 2). Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble de type haussmannien, l'appartement est calme (survitrage) et cosy. Cuisine équipée : gazinière, four, four micro-ondes, machine à café, grille-pain, réfrégirateur et congélateur. Appartement équipé d'une machine à laver, Internet et wifi. Serviettes de toilettes inclues. Habitants dans le quartier depuis plusieurs années, nous pourrons vous laisser des adresses utiles. English :  The apartment is a five-minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur, Abbesses and P
33583	Le logement est très calme, avec ses 3 chambres, ses 2 salles de bain, ses 2 extérieurs et ses WC séparés, chacun a son indépendance.	Grand duplex avec 3 vrais chambres et 2 extérieurs. 2 métros à 5 mn à pied vous transporte au coeur de Paris. Idéal pour une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants voulant profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne. Nombreux commerces, ouvert tard et le week end Le logement est très calme, avec ses 3 chambres, ses 2 salles de bain, ses 2 extérieurs et ses WC séparés, chacun a son indépendance. Le quartier est très commerçant ouvert tard. Il est très bien desservi et pour sortir, il y a quelques bars et restaurants prisés des noctambules. Proche de la gare du nord, il y a aussi 2 lignes de metro à 5 minutes.
33584	My appartement in Montmartre, Paris, is unique : quiet, charming, fully frunished for 1 or 2 persons, in a small building with wooden stairs, tiny inner yards with garden dwarfish on the neighbourg windows ! Here it’s Amélie Poulain’s French movie in live… You will hear the Sacré-Cœur Basilica’s bells ring around 11AM : the Butte Montmartre spot looking over Paris is at 5 minutes on foot by the famous stairs of Montmartre. The whole quarter is friendly, cool, arty, ‘hipster’ with shops for everything (food, art shops, laundry, bars, restaurants, pharmacy, etc). Everything is there for a dream stay in Montmartre !	Paris, Butte Montmartre, small charming appartment 5mn on foot from Sacré-Cœur! 1st level on inner yards : quiet, confortable, fully furnished. Arty quarter. Shops nearby. Access by Métros 12 & 4; Bus 85 & 80.        My appartement in Montmartre, Paris, is unique : quiet, charming, fully frunished for 1 or 2 persons, in a small building with wooden stairs, tiny inner yards with garden dwarfish on the neighbourg windows ! Here it’s Amélie Poulain’s French movie in live… You will hear the Sacré-Cœur Basilica’s bells ring around 11AM : the Butte Montmartre spot looking over Paris is at 5 minutes on foot by the famous stairs of Montmartre. The whole quarter is friendly, cool, arty, ‘hipster’ with shops for everything (food, art shops, laundry, bars, restaurants, pharmacy, etc). Everything is there for a dream stay in Montmartre ! In the 2 tiny inner yards : it’s possible to park your bike, have breakfeast, dinner, coffee & reading ☺ In the appartement : all is at your disposal. I make the 
33585		Fabulous airy apartment on a lively street in Montmartre, the rue des Abbesses, available occasionally. (Usually I rent out two bedrooms when I'm here.)
33586	Notre appartement est un beau 3P très lumineux, situé au 9ème (et dernier) étage d'une résidence. Il est entièrement sur cour. Côté séjour et cuisine, vue lumineuse et dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur. Côté chambre vue dégagée.  Récemment rénové, l'appartement offre tout le confort du neuf (en excellent état, propre, calme, bien équipé et isolé). 	Bienvenue dans notre nid douillet, beau, calme et très lumineux 3P avec parking, idéalement situé au 9e et dernier avec ascenseur avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré Cœur :) Vous disposerez du logement entier à l'exception d'une des 2 chambres. Notre appartement est un beau 3P très lumineux, situé au 9ème (et dernier) étage d'une résidence. Il est entièrement sur cour. Côté séjour et cuisine, vue lumineuse et dégagée sur le Sacré Coeur. Côté chambre vue dégagée.  Récemment rénové, l'appartement offre tout le confort du neuf (en excellent état, propre, calme, bien équipé et isolé). Accès à une des 2 chambres (suite parentale avec douche) Quartier familial et commerçant à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre et des Puces de Saint Ouen. Appartement idéalement situé pour se balader partout dans Paris grâce aux équipements de transport à proximité Métro 4 (Simplon) et 12 (Jules Joffrin) Bus 80, 85 et 56 Stations Velib et Autolib au pied de l'immeuble
33587	New, spacious and bright apartment of 85 sqm with amazing terrace! Located on the top floor, it offers a very nice view on the surroundings. It is quiet, the only noise being the trains stopping nearby at the Gare de l'Est (which is really not a nuisance as they go very slow plus the apartment has double glazing). It is located in a quiet area, close to Gare du Nord (for the airport train, 10 min walk from the apartment) and to Montmartre (5 subway stops away). There is a convenience store 2 min away with everything you need to prepare your meals if you wish to do so.	The apartment is located on the top floor in a brand new residence (with elevator). It is surrounded by a big amazing terrace where you'll be able to rest after a long day of visit. The area is very convenient in terms of transportation (3 subway lines and train to airport at a 10 min walk). New, spacious and bright apartment of 85 sqm with amazing terrace! Located on the top floor, it offers a very nice view on the surroundings. It is quiet, the only noise being the trains stopping nearby at the Gare de l'Est (which is really not a nuisance as they go very slow plus the apartment has double glazing). It is located in a quiet area, close to Gare du Nord (for the airport train, 10 min walk from the apartment) and to Montmartre (5 subway stops away). There is a convenience store 2 min away with everything you need to prepare your meals if you wish to do so. You will have access to all the communal areas, including the kitchen, fully equipped. You also be able to relax on the terrace (out
33588	"Typical Parisian apartment that I have redecorated 2 years ago. You only have to walk 15 minutes to get to Montmarte through a quiet and charming area far away from the touristic crowd.  Washing machine, tv, wifi.  If needed I am happy to help. Fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese.  It is a very cosmopolite area with lots of typical French shops : boucherie, bakery, gourmet traiteurs or antiquities.  It is a calm and nice Parisian area mixing lots of cultures and architectures.  metro line 4 - Simplon stop.  metro line 12 - Jules Joffrin stop.  Both of them will take you to the main touristic areas such as Chatelet-Les Halles Concorde, Saint-Germain-des-Prés.  Line 4 is about 5 minutes walking and takes you directly to gare du Nord, gare de l'Est and gare Montparnasse. Line 4 is also very well connected to both airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly.  You will also find the public bicycles ""Vélib"".  Washing machine, tv, wifi.  If needed I am happy to help. Fluent in English, Spanish "	Washing machine, tv, wifi.  If needed I am happy to help. Fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese. 
33589		30 m2, à 100 mètres du sacré cœur, dans une rue calme 300 feet to the Sacré Coeur, located in a quiet street
33590	The flat is a  27m2 studio with separate rooms : corridor, bathroom, kitchen, living room (with bed), balcony. Corridor and kitchen have been painted less than one year. Inside : internet, wifi, washing machine, oven, cooker, all stuff to feel at yours,  and be independant. Because of its 7th level hight, there is a beautiful view on Sacré Cœur! The residency is quiet and close to all comodities that you'll need (bakery, market, bar...) It's easy to move beacause the flat is situated close to threee metro stations : Porte de Clignancourt (purple line 4), Porte de Saint Ouen (blue line 13) and Jules Joffrin (green line 12). Only 10 minutes by walk to be at Saint Ouen flee market (the biggest in Europe), 2 metro stations to Sacré Cœur, and close to Ruisseau Gardens, the surroundings looks like a village, very popular and so nice. 	The flat is a  27m2 studio with separate rooms : corridor, bathroom, kitchen, living room (with bed), balcony. Corridor and kitchen have been painted less than one year. Inside : internet, wifi, washing machine, oven, cooker, all stuff to feel at yours,  and be independant. Because of its 7th level hight, there is a beautiful view on Sacré Cœur! The residency is quiet and close to all comodities that you'll need (bakery, market, bar...) It's easy to move beacause the flat is situated close to threee metro stations : Porte de Clignancourt (purple line 4), Porte de Saint Ouen (blue line 13) and Jules Joffrin (green line 12). Only 10 minutes by walk to be at Saint Ouen flee market (the biggest in Europe), 2 metro stations to Sacré Cœur, and close to Ruisseau Gardens, the surroundings looks like a village, very popular and so nice. 
33591		Sur versant nord ouest butte Montmartre, 34 m², très lumineux et calme. 1 salon. 1 chambre (1 place). Cuisine, salon, salle de bain, WC, chambre
33592	It comprises one bedroom with a queen size bed, a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed, a bathroom with toilets, a modern kitchen. Luminous and peaceful, it is situated on the fourth floor with elevator in the backyard of a quiet 19th century Haussmannian building with windows on both sides in the living room, windows in the bathroom and kitchen. It is within 5 minutes walk from Sacré-cœur and the Moulin Rouge in one of the trendiest places of the city for bars, shops and attractions, at 350 meters from the Anvers metro station. The apartment is spotlessly clean, the bed is of a luxury quality (160 x 200 x 27 cm) brand new, and the sofa bed in the living room is for one person (90 x 200 cm). The flat is perfect for welcoming 3 people and can welcome an additional person on a comfortable air mattress. You will be provided with all the necessary linens and towels. You will have a high speed internet wifi connection (fiber), a washing machine, a dishwasher, a fully equipped ki	Welcome home! My 60 m2 apartment has been completely renovated in the spring 2015 with new wooden floor and modern double windows. Here you will find an harmonious encounter of modern and ancient with an artistic touch. It comprises one bedroom with a queen size bed, a spacious living room with a convertible sofa bed, a bathroom with toilets, a modern kitchen. Luminous and peaceful, it is situated on the fourth floor with elevator in the backyard of a quiet 19th century Haussmannian building with windows on both sides in the living room, windows in the bathroom and kitchen. It is within 5 minutes walk from Sacré-cœur and the Moulin Rouge in one of the trendiest places of the city for bars, shops and attractions, at 350 meters from the Anvers metro station. The apartment is spotlessly clean, the bed is of a luxury quality (160 x 200 x 27 cm) brand new, and the sofa bed in the living room is for one person (90 x 200 cm). The flat is perfect for welcoming 3 people and can welcome an addit
33593	La Chambre est équipée d’un lit de 160x200 très confortable qui permet un sommeil reposant.  Sur le bureau, il y a des journaux et dépliants avec l'information des musées, horaires et plans dans plusieurs langues, en plus des informations laissées par d'autres voyageurs après son expérience à Paris. Un adapteur d'électricité, donc, pas de soucis pour charger vos appareils électriques. Un grand miroir pour être prêt pour les photos et souvenirs qu'il faut garder pour toute sa vie. 	In the third floor, with a lovely balcony, which gives a magnificent view  Lamarck with its beautiful Haussmann architecture. The apartment is located less than 100 meters from Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) metro which gives a example Montmartre All right, on rue Lamarck, one has the possibility of arriving at the esplanade of the Sacred Heart, where we can enjoy one of the most beautiful views of Paris on a hill 130m from Sacre Coeur Basilica is located . Fine restaurants with the traditions of the area and the possibility of being in the heart of the Fabulous Life of Amelie Poulin. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Montmartre was a beacon of painting, where artists such as Pissarro, Toulouse-Lautrec, Steinlen, Van Gogh, Modigliani, Picasso ... Later, the mound was supplanted as favorite neighborhood painters in Montparnasse. Metro Lamarck-Caulaincourt Bus Lamarck-Caulaincourt
33594	A cosy and bright apartment , near shops and restaurants, to enjoy Paris.	Charming one-bedroom apartment close to 'Porte de Saint Ouen' subway station (line 13) , 15 minutes walk from Montmartre (Moulin Rouge, Sacré Cœur, Pigalle). Very bright, quiet, secure building (2 digicodes ) A cosy and bright apartment , near shops and restaurants, to enjoy Paris. Fully-equipped kitchen Bathroom and separated WC - Close to 'Porte de Saint Ouen' subway station (line 13)  - 15 min walk from Montmartre - Bus 81
33595	I'm offering an charming and comfortable room in Montmartre-Paris. This neo-classical studio of 8m2 welcome 1 person. In the 7th floor with lift, it is composed of a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, micro-wave, utensils. The room has a astonishing view on Paris.  Toilets are available on the landing just next door. I also provide towel, linen and kitchenware. The accommodation is located close to the town hall.  This unique accommodation offers comfort. Ideally located, the public transportation allows you to reach your destination in less than 30 min.	Affordable small and cozy studio (8m2) in Montmartre. Ideal location and nearby transportation (3min walk) I'm offering an charming and comfortable room in Montmartre-Paris. This neo-classical studio of 8m2 welcome 1 person. In the 7th floor with lift, it is composed of a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, micro-wave, utensils. The room has a astonishing view on Paris.  Toilets are available on the landing just next door. I also provide towel, linen and kitchenware. The accommodation is located close to the town hall.  This unique accommodation offers comfort. Ideally located, the public transportation allows you to reach your destination in less than 30 min. Wifi/Internet Guests will have access to share toilet. A private shower and kitchen. Guests are totally independant. But I am always pleased to advise my guests. Feel free to contact me. The area is safe. I really appreciate to leave down montmartre for several reasons. This is not a touristic place but where people actually  
33596	Je loue mon appartement de 30 m2, situé au 4ème étage et comprenant un salon/salle à manger avec une cuisine ouverte, une chambre avec un lit double et une salle de bain. Mon appartement a été refait récemment et est décoré avec soin, des meubles à la vaisselle. Il est situé dans une copropriété jeune et plutôt calme. La chambre et la salle de bain donnent sur la cour intérieure de l’immeuble et le salon/cuisine donnent sur d’autres immeubles (mais sans vis-à-vis direct) dont un jardin arboré.	"Charmant deux pièces situé à 5 min à pied du Marché aux Puces de Saint-Ouen et au pied de la butte Montmartre (10 min). Appartement parisien typique décoré avec soin dans un style ""néo-brocante"" et offrant tout le nécessaire pour un séjour agréable. Je loue mon appartement de 30 m2, situé au 4ème étage et comprenant un salon/salle à manger avec une cuisine ouverte, une chambre avec un lit double et une salle de bain. Mon appartement a été refait récemment et est décoré avec soin, des meubles à la vaisselle. Il est situé dans une copropriété jeune et plutôt calme. La chambre et la salle de bain donnent sur la cour intérieure de l’immeuble et le salon/cuisine donnent sur d’autres immeubles (mais sans vis-à-vis direct) dont un jardin arboré. Vous aurez accès à tout l’appartement. La cuisine est entièrement équipée (four et plaques). Je vous laisse à disposition de quoi faire le petit déjeuner (thé, lait, beurre confiture, sucre...) et de quoi faire à manger (pâtes, riz, huile, vinaigre .."
33597	Le logement Beau 3 pièces de charme, calme et lumineux, au pied de Montmartre et à 200 m des puces de Saint ouen, idéal pour 5-6personnes (très bien pour un couple avec des enfants). L'appartement fait 80m2, dans un style modene au 1er étage dans une cour au caalme.  Très bien desservi (métro Ligne 4 porte de clignancourt ) proche des quartiers animés, vous trouverez les supermarchés, des restaurants divers, les bar, les magasins, les banques, pharmacie etc...  Un marché en plein air est ouvert le jeudi et le dimanche. Vous y trouverez des fruits et des légumes frais.  Tout équipé ( lit double 1.90/2.00,lit superposé 3 places, connexion internet (WiFi),télé écran plat 107 cm LED,lave linge, micro-onde, grille-pain, four, réfrigérateur, électroménagers, salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et les WC ).  Les draps et les serviettes de bain sont fournis.  N'hésitez pas à me contacter au sujet de votre séjour dans cet appartement artistique.  cordialement 	Idéal pour 5 personnes mais peut également accueillir 1 personne de plus(couple avec 3 enfants ou des amis..) Le logement Beau 3 pièces de charme, calme et lumineux, au pied de Montmartre et à 200 m des puces de Saint ouen, idéal pour 5-6personnes (très bien pour un couple avec des enfants). L'appartement fait 80m2, dans un style modene au 1er étage dans une cour au caalme.  Très bien desservi (métro Ligne 4 porte de clignancourt ) proche des quartiers animés, vous trouverez les supermarchés, des restaurants divers, les bar, les magasins, les banques, pharmacie etc...  Un marché en plein air est ouvert le jeudi et le dimanche. Vous y trouverez des fruits et des légumes frais.  Tout équipé ( lit double 1.90/2.00,lit superposé 3 places, connexion internet (WiFi),télé écran plat 107 cm LED,lave linge, micro-onde, grille-pain, four, réfrigérateur, électroménagers, salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et les WC ).  Les draps et les serviettes de bain sont fournis.  N'hésitez pas à me contac
33598	Une vue magnifique sur un escalier typiquement montmartrois, parquet, cheminée, le charme de l'ancien j 'aime échanger toutes mes bonnes adresses où danser où manger .... et donner tous les détails techniques nécessaires pour aider les guests à planifier leur séjour et profiter au mieux de Paris (temps de métro, prix des taxis ...) un quartier unique , un havre de paix au coeur du tumulte parisien :) L2 Blanche remontez la rue lepic à droite en sortant du métro  L12 Abbesses continuez la rue es abbesses jusqu'au croisement avec la rue lepic rmeontez encore un peu ... vous y êtes :) merci de penser au 30 euros supplémentaires pour le linge de maison	Une vue magnifique sur un escalier typiquement montmartrois, parquet, cheminée, le charme de l'ancien j 'aime échanger toutes mes bonnes adresses où danser où manger .... et donner tous les détails techniques nécessaires pour aider les guests à planifier leur séjour et profiter au mieux de Paris (temps de métro, prix des taxis ...) un quartier unique , un havre de paix au coeur du tumulte parisien :) L2 Blanche remontez la rue lepic à droite en sortant du métro  L12 Abbesses continuez la rue es abbesses jusqu'au croisement avec la rue lepic rmeontez encore un peu ... vous y êtes :) merci de penser au 30 euros supplémentaires pour le linge de maison
33599	Un appartement dans une résidence calme, lumineux	C Un appartement dans une résidence calme, lumineux Proche de la mairie du 18ème arrondissement Proche métro et bus Proche de la mairie du 18ème arrondissement de Montmartre et du marché au puce
