11400	Bel appartement lumineux avec moulures et parquet sous les toits de Paris. 	Deux pièces cosy, à 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. 3 lignes de métro Proximité Commerces Bel appartement lumineux avec moulures et parquet sous les toits de Paris. Proche commerces, Monoprix, Franprix. Champs de Mars et tour Eiffel à 5minutes à pied. Métro ligne 8, ligne 10 et ligne 6. 5 arrêts de la Gare Montparnasse (ligne6) Serviettes de bains fournies
11401	Welcome to Paris. This charmful apartement entirely renovated in a modern way is situated on the ground floor.  There is an access code at the entrance of the building. Could accommodate easily and comfortably 4 people, and suites for couples, families or a group of friends. It includes: - 1 bedroom ( with a comfortable double bed 140x200) - 1 living room with a double couch bed (equipped with a nice big and comfortable sofa,with brown table) - 1 full-equipped kitchen ( oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine,  fridge / freezer, waterboiler two stoves for cooking, pans, pots, dishes and everything you need for cooking) - 1 bathroom (is equipped with shower, toilette, sink and mirror) The apartement is well equiped. You will find all basic needs to enjoy your stay: - Hand soap, toilet paper included. - Flat screen TV, free Wi-Fi. - Massage chair - Washing machine, coffee maker, micro-wave, oven. - Bed linen, towels, iron. It's location is Strategic and close to many shops, bars, restau	Welcome to Paris. This charmful apartement entirely renovated in a modern way is situated on the ground floor.  There is an access code at the entrance of the building. Could accommodate easily and comfortably 4 people, and suites for couples, families or a group of friends. It includes: - 1 bedroom ( with a comfortable double bed 140x200) - 1 living room with a double couch bed (equipped with a nice big and comfortable sofa,with brown table) - 1 full-equipped kitchen ( oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine,  fridge / freezer, waterboiler two stoves for cooking, pans, pots, dishes and everything you need for cooking) - 1 bathroom (is equipped with shower, toilette, sink and mirror) The apartement is well equiped. You will find all basic needs to enjoy your stay: - Hand soap, toilet paper included. - Flat screen TV, free Wi-Fi. - Massage chair - Washing machine, coffee maker, micro-wave, oven. - Bed linen, towels, iron. It's location is Strategic and close to many shops, bars, restau
11402	Charming furnished one bedroom near Eiffel Tower.  this quiet 26m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge etc.), bathroom (hairdryer, linen and clean towels provided) If you want to stay in the heart of Paris you can't get any better then being 13 minutes walk away from the Eiffel Tower. We have a very bright, comfortable and fully equipped studio apartment(26m2)which is situated near metro La Motte-Picquet Grenelle, on line 6, 8 and 10 (less than 5 min walking distance) and RER C - Champs de Mars -la Tour Eiffel (15 min). There is a lift.  Capacity : 2 people  There is one double bed and one sofa. Towels and sheets at your disposition. You will have the use of kitchen which is totally equipped: microwave oven, cooker, dishwasher and washing machine.  There is also free WIFI connection and Free calls (Mobile phone is included only for some countries.) to the China, Korea, US, Canada, Australia, UK, Italia (+ 50 countries) Local f	In own building , Metro La Motte Piquet- Grenelle . 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower , UNESCO and the Rue du Commerce. Paris studio of standing, comfortable space for two people, kitchen and bathroom with shower , wireless internet, washer. Charming furnished one bedroom near Eiffel Tower.  this quiet 26m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen, microwave, fridge etc.), bathroom (hairdryer, linen and clean towels provided) If you want to stay in the heart of Paris you can't get any better then being 13 minutes walk away from the Eiffel Tower. We have a very bright, comfortable and fully equipped studio apartment(26m2)which is situated near metro La Motte-Picquet Grenelle, on line 6, 8 and 10 (less than 5 min walking distance) and RER C - Champs de Mars -la Tour Eiffel (15 min). There is a lift.  Capacity : 2 people  There is one double bed and one sofa. Towels and sheets at your disposition. You will have the use of kitchen which is totally equ
11403	Ce Studio, est situé rue Fremicourt dans le 15ème arrondissement , au 1er étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble du 19ème siècle est équipé avec : un code d entrée. Vous avez déjeuné au restaurant de la Tour Montparnasse avec sa vue panoramique et vous en avez pris plein les yeux.  Et ce soir, vous préférez diner dans votre chaleureux appartement et la vue de votre intérieur n’est pas mal non plus ! Dans votre cuisine moderne, vous vous préparerez un steak tartare que vous arroserez d’un bon vin. À table ! METRO CAMBRONNE // LA MOTTE PIQUET GRENNEL 	Ce Studio, est situé rue Fremicourt dans le 15ème arrondissement , au 1er étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble du 19ème siècle est équipé avec : un code d entrée. Ce Studio, est situé rue Fremicourt dans le 15ème arrondissement , au 1er étage d'un immeuble du 19ème siècle et il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Cet appartement est équipé avec : les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette et ustensiles de cuisine. L'immeuble du 19ème siècle est équipé avec : un code d entrée. Vous avez déjeuné au restaurant de la Tour Montparnasse avec sa vue panoramique et vous en avez pris
11404		Close of the subway of Convention and Exhibition Centre at the Porte de Versailles, this apartement in heart of 15eme arrondisement is very calm and near . This lovely place wanna show you the most beautiful part of Paris.
11405		Appartement tout confort, 3 chambres, parking privatif
11406	Un appartement avec beaucoup de charme, une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, parfait pour découvrir la ville. Proche des transports en commun. Un pied à terre confortable pour un petit séjour parisien .  L'appartement se compose d'une entrée avec placard et wc séparés ; un couloir avec vélux, une salle de bain (douche), un salon avec canapé 3 places, une cuisine séparée et un coin chambre.  Appartement pour 2 personnes (un lit double).	Studio typiquement parisien très lumineux, avec coin chambre. Beaucoup de charme, vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Calme et confortable. Un nid douillet , parfait pour visiter la ville ! Un appartement avec beaucoup de charme, une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, parfait pour découvrir la ville. Proche des transports en commun. Un pied à terre confortable pour un petit séjour parisien .  L'appartement se compose d'une entrée avec placard et wc séparés ; un couloir avec vélux, une salle de bain (douche), un salon avec canapé 3 places, une cuisine séparée et un coin chambre.  Appartement pour 2 personnes (un lit double). Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  A votre disposition pour tous les conseils dont vous aurez besoin (transports, visites, restaurants…) Le quartier est tres commerçant ( commerces de bouche , shopping..) et très familial à la fois. De nombreux petits restaurants, des parcs à proximité . Profitez de Paris sans l'agitation propre à certains quartiers!  M
11407	Modern apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location side of Eiffel Tour. The apartment is accessed by a lift and it features a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a computer, Wifi, a washing machine and en suite facilities. The fully-equipped kitchenette includes a dining area, a stove, an oven and a refrigerator. A coffee machine and kitchenware are also provided. 	Located in Paris, Appartement TOUR is 300 metres from the Seine River and a -minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, which can be admired from the studio’s balcony. Free Wi-Fi,Washing machine,Computer,TV, Refrigerator,Nepresso machine.... are provided. Modern apartment in the heart of Paris in a pedestrian neighborhood. Very central location side of Eiffel Tour. The apartment is accessed by a lift and it features a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a computer, Wifi, a washing machine and en suite facilities. The fully-equipped kitchenette includes a dining area, a stove, an oven and a refrigerator. A coffee machine and kitchenware are also provided. WIFI,TV,Computer,All Kitchenware,All Bathware,Towel,Nespresso,Dry-machine,Refrigerator,Oven.... Map of Paris, Map of around Appartment, Telephone for connect with us in Apt. You will be pleased to walk along the alleys of Champ de mars, continue to the Eiffel Tower,Ecole militaire,Invalid, board on a Seine Cruis
11408	Near a very nice shopping mall (Beaugrenelle ), with supermarket in Paris's safe area.	The appartment is near Eiffeil Tower with direct access to underground line 10（Charles Michels）. It's also near line 8- 6 and RER C which takes you to the Chateau de Versailles in about 20 minutes ! Near a very nice shopping mall (Beaugrenelle ), with supermarket in Paris's safe area. Access to the whole appartment. Paris 's residential district near Eiffel Tower. Subway line 10 Station Charles Michel. Near line 6-8-C
11409	My place is quiet, overlooking a courtyard. It's on the fifth foor so sunshine can come all day long. My place is nicely decorated, cosy and warm. It's a typical parisian apartment with wooden flooring, molding, marble fireplace, prussian stove (not working but so charming!) In the living room, there is a couch for 2, a seat, a “coffee table”, a marble “bistrot-style” table for your meals, a TV (email hidden) with cable to connect your device (phone or laptop) You'll find in the bedroom a queensize bed with quilt, pillows and spare covers, a desk and a wardrobe. The kitchen is functional, new and colorful! There is a coffee machine, a microwave oven (microwave + fan-assisted oven), a washing machine and a fridge of course! WC are saparated from shower	Here is a charming and cosy place in the center of the district of Montparnasse, perfect for your holidays or business trips in Paris. You can find in front of the building, 7 bus lines, 4 subway stations and Montparnasse railway station. My place is quiet, overlooking a courtyard. It's on the fifth foor so sunshine can come all day long. My place is nicely decorated, cosy and warm. It's a typical parisian apartment with wooden flooring, molding, marble fireplace, prussian stove (not working but so charming!) In the living room, there is a couch for 2, a seat, a “coffee table”, a marble “bistrot-style” table for your meals, a TV (email hidden) with cable to connect your device (phone or laptop) You'll find in the bedroom a queensize bed with quilt, pillows and spare covers, a desk and a wardrobe. The kitchen is functional, new and colorful! There is a coffee machine, a microwave oven (microwave + fan-assisted oven), a washing machine and a fridge of course! WC are saparated from shower
11410		Studio dans immeuble récent de standing, rue Vaugirard 75015 Paris près du métro Convention et proche du palais d'exposition de Versailles. Calme et verdoyant. Au rez de jardin de l'immeuble.
11411	The apartment is on the 6th floor of the high-rise towers built front-de-Seine in the 1970s. The apartment is like a large balcony on the Seine: the view is terrific.The apartment is about 60 square meters and consists of a large living room with sitting area, dining area and open kitchen; a bedroom and a bathroom. It is decorated according to the rules of the ultra contemporary. Everything is characterized by simplicity but also luxury. Just to give a few examples : a lamp post by Italian designer Castiglioni, a deck chair by Le Corbusier, Miele appliances, and so on.	60 square meters 1 bedroom apartment with a terrific view on the Seine river. Large living room with sitting area, dining coin and open equipped kitchen. Wide bedroom with a king size bed. Bathroom with tub and shower, hydromassage, wash basin and WC The apartment is on the 6th floor of the high-rise towers built front-de-Seine in the 1970s. The apartment is like a large balcony on the Seine: the view is terrific.The apartment is about 60 square meters and consists of a large living room with sitting area, dining area and open kitchen; a bedroom and a bathroom. It is decorated according to the rules of the ultra contemporary. Everything is characterized by simplicity but also luxury. Just to give a few examples : a lamp post by Italian designer Castiglioni, a deck chair by Le Corbusier, Miele appliances, and so on. Any kind of comfort and facilities. Dishwasher, Clothes washer, drying special system, oven and microwave. 24 hours doorman, surveillance cameras and security cameras Our re
11412	Very well situated, calm and central to main attractions in Paris. 20 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower. The main attractions are on average 15 minutes away by metro, it is also close to Montparnasse, Champ de Mars,and a 15 minutes bus ride to the Champs Elysees and very accessible to the rest of the city by public transportation: Tramway to take you to RER B to the Airport. After a long night of partying you will find everything close by. There are bakeries at every corner,  6 cafes around the neighborhood, 2 convenient stores, 3 pharmacies, and 2 great supermarkets, Brasseries and the Georges Brassens Park. My apartment is the perfect place to feel at home during your vacation. The amenities will make your life easier. Plus, enjoy French windows that give you a view to the cherry tree and a nice pleasant courtyard. On Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays you can go down the street and shop at the Framer's market, where food and antiques are being sold, plenty of books for those who love to	A very quaint 1 bedroom fully furnished apartment (50m2, aprox 538.15sq feet) located in the 15th district of Paris, at about a 13 minutes ride to the Eiffel tower. Can be rented for a short or long stay. A child's bedroom can be freed at a cost TBD. Very well situated, calm and central to main attractions in Paris. 20 minutes walk to the Eiffel tower. The main attractions are on average 15 minutes away by metro, it is also close to Montparnasse, Champ de Mars,and a 15 minutes bus ride to the Champs Elysees and very accessible to the rest of the city by public transportation: Tramway to take you to RER B to the Airport. After a long night of partying you will find everything close by. There are bakeries at every corner,  6 cafes around the neighborhood, 2 convenient stores, 3 pharmacies, and 2 great supermarkets, Brasseries and the Georges Brassens Park. My apartment is the perfect place to feel at home during your vacation. The amenities will make your life easier. Plus, enjoy French 
11413	This charming apartment for 4 people is very functional. It perfectly matches convenience with pleasure and provides all the necessary comfort. Located near the inescapable Eiffel Tower, it is a very accessible area. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a top-quality building, accessible by the elevator. However, you have to walk up a few stairs to get to the elevator.   The living room, inspired by the antique style is made up of a fireplace, a comfortable sofa, a low table, a TV, an armchair as well as storage areas and a corner office. The dining room is bright thanks to a large window and features a dining table for 4 people, a fireplace and storage areas. A first bedroom is at your disposal with a 140 cm double bed, a large dressing, a mirror and a night table. The second bedroom proposes two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets are separate. The Grenelle n	This charming apartment for 4 people is very functional. It perfectly matches convenience with pleasure and provides all the necessary comfort. Located near the inescapable Eiffel Tower, it is a very accessible area. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a top-quality building, accessible by the elevator. However, you have to walk up a few stairs to get to the elevator.   The living room, inspired by the antique style is made up of a fireplace, a comfortable sofa, a low table, a TV, an armchair as well as storage areas and a corner office. The dining room is bright thanks to a large window and features a dining table for 4 people, a fireplace and storage areas. A first bedroom is at your disposal with a 140 cm double bed, a large dressing, a mirror and a night table. The second bedroom proposes two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets are separate. The Grenelle n
11414	2 pessoas no quarto e 2 pessoas ou crianças no sofa cama na sala.	 Excellent emplacement, à côté de la Tour Eiffel, le Champ de Mars, Ecole Militaire, la Seine, à proximité de tous commerces. A côté de la M6 métro et de RER C - aller à Versailles et suit la Seine! 
11415	"We are two students of plastic arts interested in making you feel like home in our space :) We rent a cozy room in a bright and pleasant apartment with a nice view from its long balcony. It is on the 5th floor of a block of flats with an ELEVATOR. For your comfort the street door has a Digital code and an Intercom. The flat is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris near to Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. It has easy access to 3 subways and 4 bus stations that you can use to arrive anywhere in Paris (Subway: Line 6, 12 and 13) (Buses: (phone number hidden)). You will find a number of museums like the ""Musée Bourdelle"", ""Musée Pasteur"" and ""Musée du Service des Objets Trouvés"" nearby. In addition to this, any artist whould be interested to learn this quarter housed such artistic talent as could be found at ""La Ruche""! The apartement includes a fully-equipped kitchen featuring a 4 gas burner hob, a fridge, an oven and a washer dryed.  The bathroom includes a shower/bath. There is "	"We are two students of plastic arts interested in making you feel like home in our space :) We rent a cozy room in a bright and pleasant apartment with a nice view from its long balcony. It is on the 5th floor of a block of flats with an ELEVATOR. For your comfort the street door has a Digital code and an Intercom. The flat is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris near to Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. It has easy access to 3 subways and 4 bus stations that you can use to arrive anywhere in Paris (Subway: Line 6, 12 and 13) (Buses: (phone number hidden)). You will find a number of museums like the ""Musée Bourdelle"", ""Musée Pasteur"" and ""Musée du Service des Objets Trouvés"" nearby. In addition to this, any artist whould be interested to learn this quarter housed such artistic talent as could be found at ""La Ruche""! The apartement includes a fully-equipped kitchen featuring a 4 gas burner hob, a fridge, an oven and a washer dryed.  The bathroom includes a shower/bath. There is "
11416	Kitchen is all equipped and functional. Bathroom (with bath) and toilets are separated. A small library separates the bedroom from the living room. Flat TV and Internet included! There is even a small BBQ for a summer dinner on the terrace :) And, last but not least, there is a lift to help you bring your stuff till the 6th floor!	Cosy flat very close to the Eiffel tower and to all commodities. With one real bed for 2 persons and a sofa, the accomodation can easily welcome 3 to 4 people! The large terrace (pretty seldom in Paris..)
11417	Discover parisian life in our appartement located at the groundfloor of a typical parisian building in the center of Paris. You will find a quiet bedroom with a comfortable queensize bed, situated on the side of a luminous courtyard. The living room is equiped with a comfortable sofa bed, with a real matress for one person.You will also find a TV/DVD and Wifi Internet acces. Our little bathroom offers a shower cabin with amenities like soap, shampoo and a hairdryer. Our well organized kitchen is equiped with all you need to enjoy your stay, like oven, glass ceramic cooker, dishwasher, fridge-freezer , microwave, toaster and a Nespressomachine. The appartement is located nearby many shops and restaurants for all budgets and close to the subway station La Motte Piquet (offers three different connections).  You will be pleased to walk along the alleys of Champ de mars, continue to the Eiffel Tower, board on a Seine Cruise, or stroll in gardens of Trocadéro. For your comfort,  towels and s	Two-room flat, welcoming, cozy and typical. Can accommodate up to three people and is centrally located in a quiet street, ten minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. Discover parisian life in our appartement located at the groundfloor of a typical parisian building in the center of Paris. You will find a quiet bedroom with a comfortable queensize bed, situated on the side of a luminous courtyard. The living room is equiped with a comfortable sofa bed, with a real matress for one person.You will also find a TV/DVD and Wifi Internet acces. Our little bathroom offers a shower cabin with amenities like soap, shampoo and a hairdryer. Our well organized kitchen is equiped with all you need to enjoy your stay, like oven, glass ceramic cooker, dishwasher, fridge-freezer , microwave, toaster and a Nespressomachine. The appartement is located nearby many shops and restaurants for all budgets and close to the subway station La Motte Piquet (offers three different connections).  You will be pleased t
11418	The house is a french style apartment located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute from walking. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a short walk away.  We are 3 minutes walk three subway stations, Which Will enable you to Be anywhere in Paris in 20 minutes. Also we are 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars.	French style apartment in a house located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute, from walking The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a short walk away. 3 metro station nearby. The house is a french style apartment located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute from walking. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a short walk away.  We are 3 minutes walk three subway stations, Which Will enable you to Be anywhere in Paris in 20 minutes. Also we are 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars. There is two room, well-lit and furnished with a double bed, desk, and shelves for clothing and accessories. It overlooks a quiet courtyard.  The apartment itself is two bedrooms, 55 sq. m, on the ground floor with a large living room, shower and well-equipped kitchen. Internet and TV are provided. Plus, it offers all the compliances Includi
11419		Grande chambre bien ensoleillée à louer dans un bel appartement de 53m2. la chambre comprend un grand lit ou deux lits, une salle d'eau, un balcon, un grand placard. A partager: salon avec télé, canapé lit et balcon, SDB, et cuisine
11420	Superbe appartement familial de 100 mètres carrés tout équipé  doté  d'un superbe balcon aménagé . Il dispose d'un grand salon et d'une salle à manger, 2 chambres doubles dont une vue tour Eiffel  et une 3 eme avec lit simple et combi bebe. Une cuisine tout équipée  séparée ainsi qu'une buanderie est aussi à disposition . 100 meteres  squared with balcony. There is a  fully equiped kitchen, a  salon and dining  room ,2 double  bedrooms and a smaller bedroom with  à single bed and cot. All you need for Children between 0 and 8 years. A bathroom with towels etc.. Seperate toilet. A utility room and fabulous equiped balcony for breakfast or apperatifs. .	WE offer 100 meteres squared  complete with clear  view and balcony  from the 6 th floor with lift and securised entrance  . There  are 3 bedrooms  and can easily sleep  5 adults  and  a  baby . It's  close to all  commodity
11421		 Bonjour ! J'ai un appartement de 50m2 qui est situé sur Paris à Balard dans le 15 ème - proche de la Tour Eiffel (15min). Je loue l'espace séjour (avec le canapé-lit) qui est séparé des autres pièces. N’hésitez pas à me contacter ! Sébastien
11422	On the topfloor of a small recent building, bright and sunny, the flat has a balcony toward the street and a terrace toward the gardens. The studio is just at the entry of the flat and completely independant.	Located in the 15 arrondissement, in a quiet street, on the top floor, th room (double bed, armchair, desk, wifi) has it's own shower room and also a large south facing balcony Breakfast included  On the topfloor of a small recent building, bright and sunny, the flat has a balcony toward the street and a terrace toward the gardens. The studio is just at the entry of the flat and completely independant. Free access to the kitchen I am around most of the time, so I can give somme advices on the things to do and see in both french and english The neighbourhood is quiet and kept some kind of a village spririt inside the big city, with it's local merchants, gardens and squares. Situated near the city hall,  the apartment is also just a step from a park. You are 15 minutes away from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower by foot Also really close to the Porte de Versailles for the exhibitions. Air France buses can be taken at (or to) Montparnasse, 5 metro stations from the appartment. The ma
11423	Deux pièces de 35m², situé au cœur du 7ème arrondissement, à 10mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel.  Au deuxième étage, Il comprend: une chambre séparée avec un lit en 160 cm, un salon avec un canapé lit, une table pour manger, une cuisine équipée (avec un four, un frigo, des plaques de cuisson, une machine à laver le linge, sèche linge, une machine Nespresso…), une salle de bain/douche et un WC séparé.Wifi, TV câblée.  Draps fournis Métro: ligne 6, lignes 8 et 10.  La ligne 6 dessert la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triomphe et les Champs-Élysées et Montparnasse.  La ligne 10 dessert le quartier St Germain des Prés, Odéon et le quartier latin.  La ligne 8 dessert le quartier d'Opéra, le Marais.  N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toutes questions. 	Idéalement situé entre ecole militaire et la Tour Eiffel et invalides (6 minutes à pied), ce charmant T2 de 35m2 de style colonial vous offre des prestations idéales pour un agréable séjour.  Commerces à proximité - Métro 6-10-8 motte picquet. Deux pièces de 35m², situé au cœur du 7ème arrondissement, à 10mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel.  Au deuxième étage, Il comprend: une chambre séparée avec un lit en 160 cm, un salon avec un canapé lit, une table pour manger, une cuisine équipée (avec un four, un frigo, des plaques de cuisson, une machine à laver le linge, sèche linge, une machine Nespresso…), une salle de bain/douche et un WC séparé.Wifi, TV câblée.  Draps fournis Métro: ligne 6, lignes 8 et 10.  La ligne 6 dessert la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triomphe et les Champs-Élysées et Montparnasse.  La ligne 10 dessert le quartier St Germain des Prés, Odéon et le quartier latin.  La ligne 8 dessert le quartier d'Opéra, le Marais.  N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toutes questions.
11424	Nice confortable room, in a residential district, very calm, right next to the Seine and to the Effel Tower. Perfect location to discover Paris ! lot's of tranportation around the flat (bike-velib station, bus, tube (line 8 and 10), and RER C !	Nice confortable room, in a residential district, very calm, right next to the Seine and to the Effel Tower. Perfect location to discover Paris ! lot's of tranportation around the flat (bike-velib station, bus, tube (line 8 and 10), and RER C ! Access to all facility of the flat, and all equipements (washing machine, drying machine, Free Wifi access, TV) Everything will be prepare for your confort !  Breaskfast and dinner not included Travels will have their own confortable room with a right access to a huge terrasse and to a nice independant bathroom (Italian shower).  Please note that the owners, very nice thought, will be leaving in the flat during the travelers staying Very nice disctrict and calm. 2 min from Andre Citroen Park, right next to the Seine. 10-15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. Perfect location for a couple who wish to discover Paris, the city of Love. Tube station (line 8 and 10) right next to the flat, as well as RER C (Javel) to directly go Chateau de Versailles in 
11425	Large duplex apartment - 100m2 - 4 rooms and 3 bedrooms. Convenient for 6 persons but can receive a max of 8. Very quiet area, near Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower and shops (rue du commerce/beaugrenelle mall). Many metro and bus lines on the area. This apartment is big enough to receive large families or group. It can provide accommodation up to 8 persons (3 bedrooms and a sofa bed un the living room). It has a full equiped kitchen, two bathrooms and wifi. Neighborhood has a family atmosphere, very pleasant and quiet. You will not have any difficulties to find restaurants and bars. You will be near le Champs de Mars, very close to the Tour Eiffel. You will have an easy access to anyplace un the city thanks to the numerous metro and bus lines. Metro stations :  Commerce - Line 8 Émile Zola - Line 10 Dupleix - Line 6 Bus stations :  Violet La Motte Picquet Charles Michel	Large duplex apartment - 100m2 - 4 rooms and 3 bedrooms. Convenient for 6 persons but can receive a max of 8. Very quiet area, near Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower and shops (rue du commerce/beaugrenelle mall). Many metro and bus lines around. Large duplex apartment - 100m2 - 4 rooms and 3 bedrooms. Convenient for 6 persons but can receive a max of 8. Very quiet area, near Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower and shops (rue du commerce/beaugrenelle mall). Many metro and bus lines on the area. This apartment is big enough to receive large families or group. It can provide accommodation up to 8 persons (3 bedrooms and a sofa bed un the living room). It has a full equiped kitchen, two bathrooms and wifi. Neighborhood has a family atmosphere, very pleasant and quiet. You will not have any difficulties to find restaurants and bars. You will be near le Champs de Mars, very close to the Tour Eiffel. You will have an easy access to anyplace un the city thanks to the numerous metro and bus lines. Metro st
11426	Welcome to our home : a lovely 42 sq metres apt (classic Parisian 1920s style), less than 900 m. away from the Eiffel tower The apartment includes : 1 bedroom furnished mainly with antiques 1 dining room & living room with a couch, dining table, with modern furniture 1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen with everything needed Internet access, great light, clean sheets and towels, calm and quiet are all included ! The apartment is on a second floor with no lift, but does not give on any street. The apartment is extremely clean.  The neighborhood is absolutely amazing : one of the best Parisian bakery, cheese shop are just around the corner ! The eiffel tower is less than 900m. away (10 min. by foot), and subway lines 6, 8 and 10, which can bring you anywhere in Paris, are all less than 150 m. away ! The location itself is very central. We count on our first guests to make us climb the rankings !	Welcome to our home : a lovely 42 sq metres apt (classic Parisian 1920s style), less than 900 m. away from the Eiffel tower. SPECIAL PRICE due to mattress directly on the floor (broken bed base). Welcome to our home : a lovely 42 sq metres apt (classic Parisian 1920s style), less than 900 m. away from the Eiffel tower The apartment includes : 1 bedroom furnished mainly with antiques 1 dining room & living room with a couch, dining table, with modern furniture 1 bathroom with shower 1 kitchen with everything needed Internet access, great light, clean sheets and towels, calm and quiet are all included ! The apartment is on a second floor with no lift, but does not give on any street. The apartment is extremely clean.  The neighborhood is absolutely amazing : one of the best Parisian bakery, cheese shop are just around the corner ! The eiffel tower is less than 900m. away (10 min. by foot), and subway lines 6, 8 and 10, which can bring you anywhere in Paris, are all less than 150 m. away 
11427	Ce charmant studio est gorgé de lumière. Il est composé d'un espace nuit avec un lit double, d'un espace salon avec un canapé 2 places. Une kitchenette est sur la pièce principale et est totalement équipée (réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pain, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), vous disposez également d'une table haute pour prendre vos repas. La salle de bains est avec baignoire. Le studio est également équipé d'une connexion internet illimitée et d'une TV LCD avec les chaines du réseau Numericable.    Il est situé à proximité de l'Institut Pasteur et vous êtes également à quelques minutes de la gare Montparnasse. Il est également idéal pour vous rendre au Palais des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles. Le métro le plus proche est la station Volontaires où passe la ligne 12. Vous disposez de nombreux commerces à proximité immédiate.	Studio très confortable proche des transports en commun et des magasins.  Permet de visiter Paris en toute facilité.  Les théâtres, les salles de spectacles et restaurants sont à deux pas. Ce charmant studio est gorgé de lumière. Il est composé d'un espace nuit avec un lit double, d'un espace salon avec un canapé 2 places. Une kitchenette est sur la pièce principale et est totalement équipée (réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille-pain, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), vous disposez également d'une table haute pour prendre vos repas. La salle de bains est avec baignoire. Le studio est également équipé d'une connexion internet illimitée et d'une TV LCD avec les chaines du réseau Numericable.    Il est situé à proximité de l'Institut Pasteur et vous êtes également à quelques minutes de la gare Montparnasse. Il est également idéal pour vous rendre au Palais des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles. Le métro le plus proche est la sta
11428	Logement est grand et moderne, très bien situé dans Paris et très agréable à vivre, dans une tour de standing sur les quais de Seine. Il dispose d'ascenseurs, gardien 24H/24H, sécurité,  Proche des commerces, du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle 	Chambre spacieuse,belle vue.Salle de douche,lavabo.WC séparés dans très grand appartement de standing.Breakfast : vue panoramique et magique sur la Seine et le Pont Mirabeau.Proche Tour Eiffel par les berges de la Seine.Métro/RER,bateau-bus,commerces Logement est grand et moderne, très bien situé dans Paris et très agréable à vivre, dans une tour de standing sur les quais de Seine. Il dispose d'ascenseurs, gardien 24H/24H, sécurité,  Proche des commerces, du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle Les voyageurs disposent d'une chambre, salle de douche, WC séparés. Ils ont accès à la salle à manger pour le petit-déjeuner. N'hésitez pas à nous demander des informations sur les moyens de transports et sur la vie à Paris. Le quartier est très agréable, animé, à côté du centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Proximité de tous les transports, commerces, piscine, marchés, restaurants, cinéma... A deux pas de la Tour Eiffel par les berges de la Seine. Transports : Metro/RER Javel à 2 minutes, bus à 2 
11429	Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine américaine complètement équipée (four, plaque céramique, frigo, congélateur, micro-onde) et de son bar 4 personnes. Le salon comporte un canapé clic-clac ainsi qu'un écran plat avec home cinéma pour regarder des films en très haute qualité. La chambre est meublée d'un lit deux personnes, d'une armoire et de grands miroirs. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire, un chauffe serviette, un évier et des toilettes.	Confy and cosy 2-room flat in a typical Parisian residency in a living (shops/restaurants) and safe neighborhood.  300m from the central metro station La Motte Piquet and 5min walk to the Eiffel Tower. Suits especially couples and one-child family. Vous pourrez profiter de la cuisine américaine complètement équipée (four, plaque céramique, frigo, congélateur, micro-onde) et de son bar 4 personnes. Le salon comporte un canapé clic-clac ainsi qu'un écran plat avec home cinéma pour regarder des films en très haute qualité. La chambre est meublée d'un lit deux personnes, d'une armoire et de grands miroirs. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire, un chauffe serviette, un évier et des toilettes. L'appartement est dans une rue calme tout en étant dans un quartier animé avec de nombreux magasins (rue du commerce), épiceries, restaurants et bars. Un des meilleurs marchés de Paris se tient tous les dimanches matin à deux pas de l'appartement. Son ambiance conviviale et chaleureuse vous ouvrira 
11430		This very bright flat located in the 15e are close to the metro commerce or motte piquet grenelle 5 min walking far from eiffel tower 15 min far from the champs Elysee avenue subway 6 with an incredible sight on the roof of Paris and on the eiffel 
11431		Studio cosy en étage élevé (avec ascenseur), tout équipé, avec un balcon et mobilier de jardin pour profiter du soleil couchant, à 5 min en bus de Montparnasse, idéal pour visiter Paris ou aller au Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles.
11432	The apartment was renovated in 2014 (wall paint, windows, heaters, furniture). It is spacious, bright, quiet and well located in a 'bourgeois' district of Paris, safe and lively View on a park from the bedroom (trees, greenery, clear view) In a 'Hausmann' style building, typically parisian, very safe : - 2 doors with code - concierge - wood floor, ceiling and wall molding, 2 fireplaces	"Lovely room for two in a very calm street of Paris, very well located, near the Eiffel Tower, in a freshly renovated apartment and a typical ""Haussmann"" parisian building ! Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any question ! The apartment was renovated in 2014 (wall paint, windows, heaters, furniture). It is spacious, bright, quiet and well located in a 'bourgeois' district of Paris, safe and lively View on a park from the bedroom (trees, greenery, clear view) In a 'Hausmann' style building, typically parisian, very safe : - 2 doors with code - concierge - wood floor, ceiling and wall molding, 2 fireplaces Private bedroom for 2 : bed sheets, high quality blanket and pillows included Closet with hanging space Shared bathroom : towels included, hairdryer Shared living room : I am often in that room but you are welcome to use it to watch a movie or relax a bit (Bang & Olufsen iPod speaker, Thomson flat screen TV, +300 DVD collection, dining table, couch) Kitchen : the kitchen is only"
11433	Appartement lumineux donnant sur un jardin. Cuisine et salle de bains séparés. Quartier très calme avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité. À moins de 10 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Métro le plus proche : Convention (ligne 12) Les autres : Tram 2 et 3a, métro Boucicaut (ligne 12), Vélib et Autolib à proximité. Idéal pour deux personnes, lit en mezzanine pouvant ne pas convenir à des personnes à mobilité réduite. Un matelas d'appoint est fourni pour un éventuel troisième voyageur. Quartier très calme avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité. À moins de 10 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Métro le plus proche : Convention (ligne 12) Les autres : Tram 2 et 3a, métro Boucicaut (ligne 12), Vélib et Autolib à proximité. Idéal pour deux personnes, lit en mezzanine pouvant ne pas convenir à des personnes à mobilité réduite. Un matelas d'appoint est fourni pour un éventuel troisième v	Appartement lumineux et au calme donnant sur un parc, avec lit en mezzanine et cuisine séparée. Commerces à proximité, proche du métro Convention et à moins de 10 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles. Appartement lumineux donnant sur un jardin. Cuisine et salle de bains séparés. Quartier très calme avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité. À moins de 10 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Métro le plus proche : Convention (ligne 12) Les autres : Tram 2 et 3a, métro Boucicaut (ligne 12), Vélib et Autolib à proximité. Idéal pour deux personnes, lit en mezzanine pouvant ne pas convenir à des personnes à mobilité réduite. Un matelas d'appoint est fourni pour un éventuel troisième voyageur. Quartier très calme avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité. À moins de 10 minutes à pieds du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Métro le plus proche : Convention (ligne 12) Les autres : Tram 2
11434	Louable par quinzaine	2 pièces quartier Parc Georges Brassens,  au 5 ème étage avec ascenseur, 43m2, sur jardin au calme. Meublé. 2 couchages, TV internet, chauffage, EDF. WIFI haut débit,  Métro :Convention- Plaisance Louable par quinzaine ou mois Louable par quinzaine Tel (phone number hidden) Métro :Convention- Plaisance
11435	Cet appartement, très central, calme et lumineux avec une vue magnifique, est un endroit où il fait bon vivre et point de départ idéal pour toutes les excursions dans Paris (à 2 pas du champs de Mars et à moins d'une demi-heure en métro ou en bus des principaux lieux touristiques de Paris, ...)	"85m2 -4P lumineux et calme, sans vis-à-vis, avec magnifique vue exceptionnelle sur Tour Eiffel et Paris, idéalement situé au coeur du 15è. Grand confort (Internet et TV très haut débit fibre optique, draps & linge de qualité ...) Cet appartement, très central, calme et lumineux avec une vue magnifique, est un endroit où il fait bon vivre et point de départ idéal pour toutes les excursions dans Paris (à 2 pas du champs de Mars et à moins d'une demi-heure en métro ou en bus des principaux lieux touristiques de Paris, ...) Les voyageurs ont accès à toutes les pièces. Pour toute question ou tout éventuel problème au cours de votre séjour, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter sur notre portable. Le quartier Charles-Michel / Félix Faure est en plein coeur du 15ème qui est une sorte de ""village dans Paris"" avec de belles rues commerçantes comme la rue du Commerce, beaucoup de bons petits restaurants au bon rapport qualité-prix et un côté ""famille"" où il fait bon vivre. On appelle ce quartier le ""Ma"
11436	Quiet Flat, Ideally situated at the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Walking distance from the Invalides, the Place de la Concorde & the Rodin Museum    In the 7th district, just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. The apartment is a romantic studio on the 1st floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the 7th District. The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris You will also have easy access to the peaceful paths in the nearby Champ de Mars gardens.	Quiet Flat, Ideally situated at the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Walking distance from the Invalides, the Place de la Concorde & the Rodin Museum    In the 7th district, just a few steps from the metro line 8 , with several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. Quiet Flat, Ideally situated at the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Walking distance from the Invalides, the Place de la Concorde & the Rodin Museum    In the 7th district, just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. The apartment is a romantic studio on the 1st floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the 7th District. The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris You will also have easy access to the peaceful paths in the nearby Champ de Mars gardens. The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris You will also have easy access to the peaceful paths in the nearby Champ de Mars gardens.
11437	Spacious and enjoyable modern top-floor Paris apartment situated between the Eiffel tower and Montparnasse. The elevator takes you up eight floors to a delightful entry with 4 rooms.  A fully equipped sunny kitchen with dining for four, oven, large fridge, microwave, dishes, pots and pans and small appliances. This gives you the choice to cook-in or go out. Bathroom with tub/shower and sink. Toilette separated off entry-way, European-style.  Washer and dryer, hairdryer, towels and linens are provided. Sleeps 4 adults: 1 bedroom with a queen size bed. Living room with large wrap around couch which folds out into a queen size bed. Lots of seating with wood (website hidden) and high-speed internet access with FREE WIFI and MAC computer provided for guest convenience. Balcony overlooking the courtyard has a table and chairs for two.	Spacious and enjoyable modern top-floor Paris apartment situated between the Eiffel tower and Montparnasse. The elevator takes you up eight floors to a delightful entry with 4 rooms. Spacious and enjoyable modern top-floor Paris apartment situated between the Eiffel tower and Montparnasse. The elevator takes you up eight floors to a delightful entry with 4 rooms.  A fully equipped sunny kitchen with dining for four, oven, large fridge, microwave, dishes, pots and pans and small appliances. This gives you the choice to cook-in or go out. Bathroom with tub/shower and sink. Toilette separated off entry-way, European-style.  Washer and dryer, hairdryer, towels and linens are provided. Sleeps 4 adults: 1 bedroom with a queen size bed. Living room with large wrap around couch which folds out into a queen size bed. Lots of seating with wood (website hidden) and high-speed internet access with FREE WIFI and MAC computer provided for guest convenience. Balcony overlooking the courtyard has a ta
11438	A charming and convenient apartment in the center of Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and one of the tallest skyscrapers in Paris, the Montparnasse Tower. Only 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées or Musée du Louvres. Enjoy this cozy flat: 475 square feet (44m2), 1 bedroom, a living room with a sofa (you can turn it into a bed which is very confortable as well), a kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is on the 4th (and last) floor with elevator. So, it is also good for handicap people, friends or family with kids.  No extra fees. All inclusive.  Washing machine, cleaning, fresh sheets and towels. All around the apartment, you can find 3 subway lines (6, 10, 12), bus lines, Taxi stations. 	A charming and convenient apartment in the center of Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and one of the tallest skyscrapers in Paris, the Montparnasse Tower. Only 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées or Musée du Louvres. A charming and convenient apartment in the center of Paris, close to the Eiffel Tower and one of the tallest skyscrapers in Paris, the Montparnasse Tower. Only 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées or Musée du Louvres. Enjoy this cozy flat: 475 square feet (44m2), 1 bedroom, a living room with a sofa (you can turn it into a bed which is very confortable as well), a kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment is on the 4th (and last) floor with elevator. So, it is also good for handicap people, friends or family with kids.  No extra fees. All inclusive.  Washing machine, cleaning, fresh sheets and towels. All around the apartment, you can find 3 subway lines (6, 10, 12), bus lines, Taxi stations. 
11439	The apartment 480sq ft, quiet and comfortable, recently renovated, convenient for 2 or 4 people, bed room with a double bed (140cm) and  large closet space for storing luggage and clothes, living room with two leather easy chairs, a sofa that converts to a bed for two people, kitchen with everything you would need :  electric cooktop, microwave, dishwasher, keetle, toaster, 4 different devices to make coffee to your taste... Wifi with unlimited high speed internet access, hundreds of TV channels, stereo whith CDs, several books about Paris. We provide also bed linens, and towels. Located on the 4th floor in a typical Parisian building with elevator, access code and concierge. The location  A prestigious and famous area. The Eiffel Tower is just around the corner. It is 5min  walking distance from Metro stations, bus stops, taxi stops. Travel to anywhere in Paris is really easy as well as connection with airports.  Just next door you have a bakery where you can have a snack, a grocery s	For 2,3 or 4 people, our spacious and comfortable apartment with the most famous monument in the world just around the corner. The apartment 480sq ft, quiet and comfortable, recently renovated, convenient for 2 or 4 people, bed room with a double bed (140cm) and  large closet space for storing luggage and clothes, living room with two leather easy chairs, a sofa that converts to a bed for two people, kitchen with everything you would need :  electric cooktop, microwave, dishwasher, keetle, toaster, 4 different devices to make coffee to your taste... Wifi with unlimited high speed internet access, hundreds of TV channels, stereo whith CDs, several books about Paris. We provide also bed linens, and towels. Located on the 4th floor in a typical Parisian building with elevator, access code and concierge. The location  A prestigious and famous area. The Eiffel Tower is just around the corner. It is 5min  walking distance from Metro stations, bus stops, taxi stops. Travel to anywhere in Pari
11440	Spend the day sightseeing and in the evening return to the charm and calm of a true Parisian neighbourhood	Nice flat situated in a very lively neighborhood filled with cafes, parks, grocers, bakeries, #8,6 and 10 métros, Walk to Eiffel Tower; The lively Rue du commerce is around the corner Spend the day sightseeing and in the evening return to the charm and calm of a true Parisian neighbourhood Entry secured building with a digicode and u full time guardian You can Join me by phone or by email The lively Rue du Commerce is around the corner and there are 3 outdoor food markets within easy walking distance. For antique lovers, the Porte de Vanves antique market is a short tram ride away..Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes walk; Very easy access to # metro line(takes you to every major monument in less than 20 minutes) Le plus simple est via le métro La Motte-Picquet Grenelle ou Emile ZOLA  Parking public et payant à proximité
11441	Appox. 15 M2 Secured place since situated in inner courtyard South oriented (very sunny) & quite	Lovely renewed small flat in a little independent house 5 m walk from Eiffel Tower and 1 m walk from tube station to Champs-Élysées.  Sofa bed, kitchen, toilets and shower room, two windows on quite garden. Located in rue Juge. Appox. 15 M2 Secured place since situated in inner courtyard South oriented (very sunny) & quite Since I do live 5 m away I am always available in case of need Food market (twice a week at 5 minutes walk) Shopping Street (2 minutes) including all commodities (supermarkets, laundromat, ..) METRO DUPLEIX (line 6) METRO MOTTE PIQUET GRENELLE (lines 6,8,10) METRO CHAMPS DE MARS TOUR EIFFEL (RER C)
11442	Very nice and traditional family house in Paris.This is a perfect location for a family who want to discover Paris but also enjoying nice time at home. This is a really spacious place, a facing south garder, 4 rooms, 2 bathrooms, A large living room, a large full equipped kitchen with a dining corner. This house is very quiet because located in a small private street, you can freely park two cars in front of the house	This charming house of 110 sqm is located in Paris in the 15th area, very calm location in a private street with a south facing garden. Subway station and all stores, supermarket, restaurants, bars within 5 minutes, 4 rooms, 2 bathrooms Very nice and traditional family house in Paris.This is a perfect location for a family who want to discover Paris but also enjoying nice time at home. This is a really spacious place, a facing south garder, 4 rooms, 2 bathrooms, A large living room, a large full equipped kitchen with a dining corner. This house is very quiet because located in a small private street, you can freely park two cars in front of the house You will have access to the whole house, 4 rooms 2 double size bed, 2 singles bed, one sofa bed for one person, a large living room very bright with big windows door facing the garden, a large well equipped kitchen where you can sit to take your lunch, and every items necessary to cook. You can also acces the private street with your car a
11443	Recently renovated by an architect, my 52 m2 apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a typical 19th century Haussmann building. Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen opens up to a warm living room, where you can enjoy the view of a typical Parisian square next to the building. One of the sofas opens up into a comfortable 1 person bed. Well-equipped kitchen. Quiet bedroom, with a double bed. View of the inside court allowing you a noiseless sleep. The bathroom has a rain shower, toilet is separated. Free WiFi.	Calm, cozy, charming refurbished apartment.  Great location, near the Eiffel Tour. View of a typical Parisian square park. Recently renovated by an architect, my 52 m2 apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a typical 19th century Haussmann building. Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen opens up to a warm living room, where you can enjoy the view of a typical Parisian square next to the building. One of the sofas opens up into a comfortable 1 person bed. Well-equipped kitchen. Quiet bedroom, with a double bed. View of the inside court allowing you a noiseless sleep. The bathroom has a rain shower, toilet is separated. Free WiFi. The entire apartment except for the cupboard in the bedroom. As much as I can, always available via email or phone. The Eiffel Tour is just a 15 min. walk away. Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, in the Beaugrenelle quarter. All commodities in a walking distance.  Quiet neighborhood, the apartment faces a park. A 5 min. walk from sever
11444	"Here is already few informations to let you hope you will be her quickly ! You've chosen a good district ! There is a market two times a week on the boulevard Edgar Quinet (just near our street) Saturday morning and Wednesday morning. You will find there vegetables fruit, beef, fish and cheese... On the same boulevard just near the house you have one of the best MONOPRIX of Paris (open from 9h to 21h monday to saturday). Everything for the house and a huge grocery downstairs with Fromager, butcher, vegetables, wine....everything. There is very good fromager and fish merchant (a little bit expensive) at the end of RUE DELAMBRE (near the DOME café) wich begins just near subway EDGAR QUINET (3 minutes from the house). The fromager is on the 8 of rue Delambre. In the same street at the number 36, a good wine merchant called ""Mi Fugue Mi raisin"". For the boulangeries, there is one good at the end of our street in direction of AVENUE DU MAINE (2 minutes from the house), an other one well non"	5 roomed family apartment near Saint-German-des-près for 4/5 persons. 100 m2. One adults bedroom and two children bedrooms, single bed in the salon, two bathrooms. Ideally located to visit Paris. All commodities  We will be connected with our airbnb account all the time. Airbnb is the best way to transmit questions or problems. Here is already few informations to let you hope you will be her quickly ! You've chosen a good district ! There is a market two times a week on the boulevard Edgar Quinet (just near our street) Saturday morning and Wednesday morning. You will find there vegetables fruit, beef, fish and cheese... On the same boulevard just near the house you have one of the best MONOPRIX of Paris (open from 9h to 21h monday to saturday). Everything for the house and a huge grocery downstairs with Fromager, butcher, vegetables, wine....everything. There is very good fromager and fish merchant (a little bit expensive) at the end of RUE DELAMBRE (near the DOME café) wich begins jus
11445	Beautiful Furnished  apt for rent in Paris 15ème at La Motte Picquet (metro line 6,8,10). 5 minutes walking distance fro the eiffel tower 4 rooms and 5 King size beds, capacity :  8 people. One bathroom Furnished Kitchen Spacious Living Room 5 minutes walking distance to Le Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower Metro Line 6,8 and 10	120m2 apt in the center of Paris 15ème, two mins walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, and Metro line 6,8 and 10. All furnished with a big living room, 4 double bed rooms, a bathroom and one toilet. Capacity 8 people. Beautiful Furnished  apt for rent in Paris 15ème at La Motte Picquet (metro line 6,8,10). 5 minutes walking distance fro the eiffel tower 4 rooms and 5 King size beds, capacity :  8 people. One bathroom Furnished Kitchen Spacious Living Room 5 minutes walking distance to Le Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower Metro Line 6,8 and 10 5 minutes walking distance to Le Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower Metro Line 6,8 and 10
11446	"15minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Located on the first floor, 47 m2 floor area all on one level, terrace with side view of a garden, fully equipped. Consists of entrance, leading to a bedroom or living room, a bathroom, and a fully equipped American kitchen with a nice bar (4 chairs). - Bedroom:  20m2 floor area, contains double bed (160×200) with duvet and pillows, shelf and wardrobe. - Bathroom: contains wash-hand basin, shelf and bathroom cabinet, italian shower and heated towel rail.  - Living room and dining room: 25m2 floor area, contains a large ""L-shape"" sofa , table and 4 chairs for the bar, TV and TNT, (foreign channels) , WIFI in all the apartment - Kitchen: equipped with fridge (freezer), vitroceramic hob (4 rings), coffee machine, microwave, special mixers etc... - Other services : You can also make use of the washing machine"	"Our apartment  is in a sunny and central location with good connections to all touristic places in Paris. 15 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower! It is furnished with taste and fully equiped - perfect for a romantic weekend or with friends. 15minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Located on the first floor, 47 m2 floor area all on one level, terrace with side view of a garden, fully equipped. Consists of entrance, leading to a bedroom or living room, a bathroom, and a fully equipped American kitchen with a nice bar (4 chairs). - Bedroom:  20m2 floor area, contains double bed (160×200) with duvet and pillows, shelf and wardrobe. - Bathroom: contains wash-hand basin, shelf and bathroom cabinet, italian shower and heated towel rail.  - Living room and dining room: 25m2 floor area, contains a large ""L-shape"" sofa , table and 4 chairs for the bar, TV and TNT, (foreign channels) , WIFI in all the apartment - Kitchen: equipped with fridge (freezer), vitroceramic hob (4 rings), coffee machine, microwa"
11447		My appartment is located near Porte de Versailles, a nice neighborhood with a lot of samll shops, restarurants, and pubs. Its terrace is ideal to enjoy the sun in summer ! I'll answer your questions by mail during your stay if needed The subway line 12 is directly accessible from the appartment, as well as tramway lines T2 and T3. The subway line 8 is not very far.
11448	Bedroom: in a two bedroom apartment with common room located on the 2nd story of a building. Room has a lot of natural light from the large French window. Small room but shelf storage available for your things. If you are a light sleeper the city cars outside can be an issue at night, like any major city. However, the windows can be closed to help avoid this. Overall room is clean and simple.  Living Room Common area: is also full of bright light that can be adjusted. There is a table for four people or where you can use to work/study etc. Living room has a couch, coffee table, and TV. A few travel books available for your use.  Toilet and Bathroom: are separated, like many in France. Door in bathroom where shower is located does not close all the way due to having a convenient washer in the bathroom, which is accessible for you to use. We protect other's privacy and will do our best to help over the door. Small kitchen where you can cook or store your groceries is available.	Charming and simple Parisian room located 1.2 miles from the Eiffel Tower. Room is small, like many in Europe, but it's got a sweet charm to it. Bright natural light that shines in through the large French window. You can look out onto the street and even see the the Eiffel Tower light at night or adjust window to dark. Room is simple, all white and clean with a few shelfs for storage. Apartment conveniently located between Metro Javel (10) and Boucicaut (8) which crosses through the city. Bedroom: in a two bedroom apartment with common room located on the 2nd story of a building. Room has a lot of natural light from the large French window. Small room but shelf storage available for your things. If you are a light sleeper the city cars outside can be an issue at night, like any major city. However, the windows can be closed to help avoid this. Overall room is clean and simple.  Living Room Common area: is also full of bright light that can be adjusted. There is a table for four people
11449	Ensoleillé, au 7ème étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 6ème), équipé (machine à laver, machine à café Nespresso, lave-vaisselle), baignoire avec superbe vue sur la tour Effeil et les Invalides.  	Superbe appartement au coeur du 6ème arrondissement à Paris. A 15 minutes à pieds de Saint-Germain des Prés, 10 minutes de Montparnasse, 15 minutes des Invalides, venez séjournez dans ce studio de 40 m2 cosy et équipé (lave-vaisselle, Nespresso etc.) Ensoleillé, au 7ème étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 6ème), équipé (machine à laver, machine à café Nespresso, lave-vaisselle), baignoire avec superbe vue sur la tour Effeil et les Invalides. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement  Studio de 40 m2 avec cuisine américaine et salle de bain avec baignoire donnant sur une vue imprenable sur la capitale. Accès au métro 4, 6, 12 (station Montparnasse) Métro 13 et 10 (station Duroc)
11450	One evidence: we feel really good in this apt!! One evidence: we feel really good in this apt!! My apartment is really enjoybale to live in, a place where you will definitely feel good. A weekend, or a week... you'll love it! It is composed of 3 rooms: - a kitchen/dining room fully equiped (washing machine, dish washer, oven etc etc) - a living room with TV and wifi, and a sofa (sofa bed 2m x1,20m) - a bedroom with a double bed Of course, there is also a bathroom with a shower inside. My apartment is idealy located, 20 metres from the 3 different subway lignes: 6, 8 and 10. (STOP la motte piquet or emile zola) It is 2 min walking distance from a lot of shops If you're here for shopping or/and gastronomy, you'll find a little paradise. - Monoprix et Carrefour City  - Boulangerie right down the building - Many restaurants and cafés (50 metres from the apt) - You can also by food in the marketplace right under the elevated railroad every wednesday and sunday morning (2min walking distance	One evidence: we feel really good in this apt!! One evidence: we feel really good in this apt!! One evidence: we feel really good in this apt!! My apartment is really enjoybale to live in, a place where you will definitely feel good. A weekend, or a week... you'll love it! It is composed of 3 rooms: - a kitchen/dining room fully equiped (washing machine, dish washer, oven etc etc) - a living room with TV and wifi, and a sofa (sofa bed 2m x1,20m) - a bedroom with a double bed Of course, there is also a bathroom with a shower inside. My apartment is idealy located, 20 metres from the 3 different subway lignes: 6, 8 and 10. (STOP la motte piquet or emile zola) It is 2 min walking distance from a lot of shops If you're here for shopping or/and gastronomy, you'll find a little paradise. - Monoprix et Carrefour City  - Boulangerie right down the building - Many restaurants and cafés (50 metres from the apt) - You can also by food in the marketplace right under the elevated railroad every wed
11451	Very cosy flat and idealy located : the best place to stay if you are a couple or 2 friends visiting paris This is a charming studio for your own entirely furnished and very cosy. You will have a 140x 200m bed with recently bought matress, an internet wifi (email hidden) screen, a kitchen, a washing machine, a big bathroom with tube. But it is a small apartment and you have to know that it is just like in the pictures :-) This apartment has is own balcony furnished with a table and pillow to sit on. You will certainly enjoy the amasing view on Eiffel Tower and the Seine surounding it. I hope you will feel like at home in my place. But please, respect it as your own home too. The place will be cleaned and in order. Please let it in a convinient order You will stay at the same time, in a peace and familial district and will be very close to the touristic places and the shopping and restaurant places. 5 minutes walk from métro Passy or RER Champs de Mars Tour Eiffel, you will very easily 	Cosy studio with sunny balcony and great view on Eiffel tower. 5min walking from metro station and with all comodities : lift, internet, tv, supermarket, towels, hairdryer …. Very cosy flat and idealy located : the best place to stay if you are a couple or 2 friends visiting paris This is a charming studio for your own entirely furnished and very cosy. You will have a 140x 200m bed with recently bought matress, an internet wifi (email hidden) screen, a kitchen, a washing machine, a big bathroom with tube. But it is a small apartment and you have to know that it is just like in the pictures :-) This apartment has is own balcony furnished with a table and pillow to sit on. You will certainly enjoy the amasing view on Eiffel Tower and the Seine surounding it. I hope you will feel like at home in my place. But please, respect it as your own home too. The place will be cleaned and in order. Please let it in a convinient order You will stay at the same time, in a peace and familial district 
11452	jolies vues dégagées, studio ensoleillé. 	Large, bright studio (rue Dombasle), balconies. Easy access to Montparnasse, Musée d'Orsay, Montmarte, Porte de Versailles. Modern fittings, Supermarkets, shops, bars & restaurants in nice neighbourhood. L'Ecole Cordon Bleu at 8mn's walk. métro: ligne 12 ( Convention) bus: ligne 62 (Convention) tram: ligne T3 ( Goerges Brassens) stations autolib' et velib' (city bike)  - From CDG airport: 30 mn by taxi,  50mn by RER B and tram, please switch in Cite Universitaire to get tram 3 (direction Pont du Garigliano), and stop at Georges Brassens. - From Orly airport: 15/20mn by taxi 45mn by Orlyval/RER B, please switch at Cite Universitaire to get tram 3. 
11453	Available for your convenience is a large living room of 30m2 with 2 wide Windows. The bedroom is very quiet and the kitchen is fully equipped. Italian style shower room and separate toilets. Charming parisian style flat with wood floor.	You will enjoy a very charming flat, spacious and calm. The interior is highly refined in a parisian style and located in the Montparnasse area where loads of artists have lived. You will easily find restaurants, shows, food and flea markets. Available for your convenience is a large living room of 30m2 with 2 wide Windows. The bedroom is very quiet and the kitchen is fully equipped. Italian style shower room and separate toilets. Charming parisian style flat with wood floor. Entire flat Meeting at arrival and departure. The keys will be handed over with specific instructions. Contact/emergency number/mobile phone if needed. Located between the XV, VII et VI th areas of paris, near métro Pasteur and Montparnasse. You will enjoy plenty of theaters and shows (Bobino rue de la gaité) and cinema, famous restaurants (la Coupole et le Dôme) and museums (Bourdelle). Métro Pasteur is very near the flat  (6 and 12), métro Montparnasse is only about 10' walk; where loads of other tube lines are 
11454	Lumineux et doux	Un deux pieces cosy propose un hébergement partage sur un canapé lit tres confortable a usage quotidien qui se trouve dans le salon pas d endroit clos  a 15 min des champs elysee et de la tour Eiffel avec commerces environnants a proximité Lumineux et doux Acces a tout l appartement J habiterai dans l appartement mais je ne vous generai pas Vous trouverez tout à proximité de l appartement d excellente boulangerie et tres bons restaurants Ligne 8 direction balard arret felix faure
11455		Charming flat perfect for a coule or two friends. 10
11456	Proche de tout type de commerce et service de transport, au cœur du quartier de la Convention. Très bien desservi par les transports(tramway, bus, métro), vous pourrez facilement accéder aux principaux lieux touristiques.	Dans un immeuble 1930, appartement de 65 m2 dans le 15ème arrondissements, métro Convention, proche de Montparnasse et de la Tour Eiffel. 1 chambre parents (1 lit double) et 1 chambre enfants (2 lits), 1 séjour, cuisine, salle de bain, toilette. Proche de tout type de commerce et service de transport, au cœur du quartier de la Convention. Très bien desservi par les transports(tramway, bus, métro), vous pourrez facilement accéder aux principaux lieux touristiques. Étant fréquemment en déplacement mon appartement est souvent disponible, surtout le we et pendant les vacances. Comme il s'agit de mon lieu de vie, vous y trouverez tout l'équipement nécessaire à votre séjour : - cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, télé, four, plaques de cuisson, connexion internet, Hifi, machine à laver,etc.) - linge de maison et de toilette - sèche-cheveux- fer à repasser - café, thé etc. - canapé - 1 lit parents - 2 lits à mezzanine (enfant ou  adulte) avec bureau L'appartement convient très bien pour une famil
11457		Good news everyone! I have a flat for rent for a few days. The flat is next to 2 metro lines (8 and 12) and 2 trams (2 and 3). You can be very easily to center of paris. The flat contains a bathroom, a kitchen, a bedroom and a livingroom.
11458	Appartement entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin.Equipement neuf. Objets de décoration chinés et souvenirs . Lit en 160 dans la chambre. Canapé lit en 140 dans le salon avec un très bon matelas.	Appartement entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin.Equipement neuf. Objets de décoration chinés et souvenirs . Lit en 160 dans la chambre. Canapé lit en 140 dans le salon avec un très bon matelas. accès wi-fi, 50 chaines télé, hi-fi, lecteur DVD. Cafetière Nespresso, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle,sèche cheveux,coffre-fort Possibilité de lit bébé(parapluie) Je serai présente pour vous accueillir et vous orienter lors de votre séjour. Nombreux commerces de bouche, parcs et squares à proximité, sympathiques restaurants et bars.Quartier central et très agréable Très bien desservi:  Nombreux bus L89, L80,L70,L39...  A 2 minutes du métro L6 ,L12, stations velib et autolib Vous pourrez remarquer mon intérêt pour les objets ramenés de voyages ou chinés. Merci d'en prendre soin.
11459	Grand appartement lumineux de 85m2 dans lequel nous vivons à trois. Nous proposons une grande chambre côté cour intérieure (donc silencieuse). Nous louons la chambre en période de vacances donc les trois colocataires ne seront pas tous là, et puisque nous travaillons, vous pourrez profiter de l'appartement entier en journée pour vous reposer après les ballades parisiennes :) Nous mettons à disposition la grande salle de bain exclusivement pour vous, dans laquelle vous pourrez profiter de la baignoire pour bien finir la journée!	Dans un grand appartement, chambre de 14m2 avec grand lit (160cm x 200cm) et possibilité de rajouter un matelas, donnant sur cour intérieure (calme) avec salle de bain et toilettes privatisées. Accès au salon et la cuisine entièrement équipée. Grand appartement lumineux de 85m2 dans lequel nous vivons à trois. Nous proposons une grande chambre côté cour intérieure (donc silencieuse). Nous louons la chambre en période de vacances donc les trois colocataires ne seront pas tous là, et puisque nous travaillons, vous pourrez profiter de l'appartement entier en journée pour vous reposer après les ballades parisiennes :) Nous mettons à disposition la grande salle de bain exclusivement pour vous, dans laquelle vous pourrez profiter de la baignoire pour bien finir la journée! Métros:  - Pasteur (ligne 6) - Volontaires (ligne 12) - Ségur (ligne 10) A 10 minutes à pieds de la gare Montparnasse Proche de: - La Motte Piquet Grennelle et ses commerces et restaurants (15 min à pied),  - Les Invalides
11460	Soleil levant très calme et agréable, très propre, double vitrage, sécurisé double porte au rc	1 lit 2 places, séjour, cuisine plaque vitro, LL, LV, micro-onde, four, salle douche avec wc, proxi 2mn métro Motte Picquet Grenelle lignes 6, 8 et 10, bus 80, possibilité parking rue Frémicourt (supp 10 €) resa avant  2 jours. double vitrage Soleil levant très calme et agréable, très propre, double vitrage, sécurisé double porte au rc tout et un placard mis à disposition pour linge je serais absente lors de leur séjour mais mets à leur disposition carte métro la station métro Motte Picquet Grenelle peut leur apporter tous les renseignements nécessaires proche Ecole Militaire, jardin Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse, Passy proximité de tous commerces rue du commerce y compris marché sous le métro le mercredi et le dimanche, monoprix, superU ouvert dimanche matin rue de Frémicourt très dynamique, plein de terrasses café proximité galerie marchande et cinéma près de Javel bus 80 vers Pont Alma, proche Grand Palais Métro lignes  6, 8 et 10 très centrales très central pour visiter Pari
11461	Appartement agréable avec une petite terrasse de 4m2 plein sud sans vis à vis. Accès Wifi.	Pretty room in cosy apartment with balcony facing south 4m2 not overlooked . Wifi access available. Nice shopping area , 10 or 15 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, Invalides Bon Marché . 5 minutes from Montparnasse with Cinemas, thea         
11462	Comfortable and very calm apartment. 5th floor - 34 square meters.  Bedroom (double bed), living room (couch, table), bathroom, toilets (seperated from the bathroom), kitchen, internet. The living room is very luminous.	"Very charming and bright corner apartment, perfectly situated at 10 min walk from subway, Boucicaut or Convention. Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine and cosy bathroom. Comfortable and very calm apartment. 5th floor - 34 square meters.  Bedroom (double bed), living room (couch, table), bathroom, toilets (seperated from the bathroom), kitchen, internet. The living room is very luminous. The neighborhood (15ème arrondissement) is peaceful. Very close to the apartment, there are a lot of supermarkets, grocery stores, bakeries etc. At 8 minutes walk, there is the ""rue du commerce"" with lots of bars and shops. The location is also very convenient : 500 meters from the station Boucicaut (line 8, direct to station Concorde in 15 minutes) or 8 minutes walk to the line 12, direct to Montparnasse. Only 20-25 minutes in metro to the Champs Elysees or the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is very close to the touristic attractions and city centre.  Métro line 8 : station Boucicaut Métro line 12: st"
11463		Chambre agréable, fonctionnelle et indépendante pour deux personnes, canapé lit ,rangements, dans un appartement au 14ème étage avec ascenseur, dans un quartier très commerçant, à pied de la tour Eiffel  et le centre commercial de Beaugrenelle.
11464	My flat is a typical 44 square meters 'Haussmanien'/late 19th century with 1 bedroom (with real kingsize bed), 1 living room (with convertible couch), and separate kitchen. Bathroom is also separate.  It's 3rd floor with SE view & concierge  The apartment is on the 3rd floor with south east view, and a concierge 24/ 7. There is no elevator but the stairs are small and it can be done quickly. It's a very quiet building in a quiet / safe area.  In the flat there are all the things necessary including washing machine, electric owen, coffee maker, kettle, Hi Fi... and of course WIFI / WIRELESS internet.  You are less than 5 minutes from Convention metro station (Line 12), and several buses that can get you around: Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Jardin du Luxembourg, Saint Germain des Prés, Concorde, or North and East Paris. If you feel like cycling, you would just need to follow rue de Vaugirard, it will take you directly to Montparnasse, Eglise Saint Sulpice, Jardin du Luxembourg/Latin Quart	My flat is a typical 44 square meters 'Haussmanien'/late 19th century with 1 bedroom (with real kingsize bed), 1 living room (with convertible couch), and separate kitchen. Bathroom is also separate.  It's 3rd floor with SE view & concierge  The apartment is on the 3rd floor with south east view, and a concierge 24/ 7. There is no elevator but the stairs are small and it can be done quickly. It's a very quiet building in a quiet / safe area.  In the flat there are all the things necessary including washing machine, electric owen, coffee maker, kettle, Hi Fi... and of course WIFI / WIRELESS internet.  You are less than 5 minutes from Convention metro station (Line 12), and several buses that can get you around: Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Jardin du Luxembourg, Saint Germain des Prés, Concorde, or North and East Paris. If you feel like cycling, you would just need to follow rue de Vaugirard, it will take you directly to Montparnasse, Eglise Saint Sulpice, Jardin du Luxembourg/Latin Quart
11465	Appartement de 30m2 pour deux tout équipé (micro onde, machine à laver, cuisine, douche, internet, rangements), avec une pièce cuisine/salle à manger, une autre avec salon et lit en mezzanine. Hauts plafonds de plus de 3 mètres, au rez-de-chaussée sans vis à vis, très calme et soleil le matin. Possibilité de boire l'apéro et de déjeuner dans le jardin dehors! (Jardin partagé mais nous sommes les seuls à en profiter..)	Petit nid douillet, dans le 15eme arrondissement, à côté de la rue du Commerce, clair et très calme sur jardin, avec de très bons resto/bistrots aux alentours. Very nice and cosy parisian flat, with a small garden, close to the Eiffel tower, welcome! Appartement de 30m2 pour deux tout équipé (micro onde, machine à laver, cuisine, douche, internet, rangements), avec une pièce cuisine/salle à manger, une autre avec salon et lit en mezzanine. Hauts plafonds de plus de 3 mètres, au rez-de-chaussée sans vis à vis, très calme et soleil le matin. Possibilité de boire l'apéro et de déjeuner dans le jardin dehors! (Jardin partagé mais nous sommes les seuls à en profiter..) Nous habitons le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, un quartier très calme, avec de nombreuses épiceries, commerces, restaurants de qualité. La Tour Eiffel est à 20 minutes à pieds. The 15th arrondissement, is a very quiet neighborhood in Paris, with a lot of famous French restaurants, and typical shops, and easy access to all to
11466	It's a cosy apartment in the beautiful 15th district. The studio was renovated two years ago, so everything is new.  There is a original mezzanine built with an old parisian balcony, and you can also use the sofa ( it can be open like a bed).	cosy studio in the 15th district ( very close to the eiffel tower and champ de mars  It's a cosy apartment in the beautiful 15th district. The studio was renovated two years ago, so everything is new.  There is a original mezzanine built with an old parisian balcony, and you can also use the sofa ( it can be open like a bed). You can use TV, kitchen (microwave, fridge ..), printer.. I will be here when you will arrive, I will give you the key and if you want I could explain what to see in Paris, and what you can do in the neighbohour It's a quiet neighborhood, where family and young live. There are a lot of park, eiffel tower is really close ( 10 min), there is huge park You can come by the subway 8 until Balard or javel (subway 10) , or use the tramway ( also until balard), there is also bus and velib (I can explain you how to arrive until my home
11467	The apartment was renovated and redecorated in 2014.  The building is very safe with digicode and intercom. The area is 47 sq. meters, with double orientation and wooden floors. The room looks onto a small garden, very quiet with no vis à vis.  The living room has a sofa bed.  The kitchen has all the household appliances needed : dishwasher, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and Tassimo coffee machine. The bathroom and WC are separated . Clean sheets and towels will be provided.  Naturally, the apartment has high speed internet Wifi !	Modern and fully equipped cosy one bedroom apartment, less than 5 minutes walking from metro Convention in the earth of the 15th arrondissement of Paris. Also close to Porte de Versailles and Gare Montparnasse.  Very nice neighborhood with restaurants and markets close-by.  Very quiet bedroom looking into a small garden. The apartment was renovated and redecorated in 2014.  The building is very safe with digicode and intercom. The area is 47 sq. meters, with double orientation and wooden floors. The room looks onto a small garden, very quiet with no vis à vis.  The living room has a sofa bed.  The kitchen has all the household appliances needed : dishwasher, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and Tassimo coffee machine. The bathroom and WC are separated . Clean sheets and towels will be provided.  Naturally, the apartment has high speed internet Wifi ! Located on the first floor, the building has an elevator. Keys and building access pass will be given at the beginning of the stay. 
11468		Maison avec jardin privé, à Paris rive gauche (15 ème arrnt)  proche des  sites touristiques; comprenant sur 4 niveaux:  4 chambres,  2 sdb, 2 WC,  1 sauna, 1 buanderie, 3 télévisions, informatique, 1 barbecue; très calme et charme unique
11469	2 bedroom apartment with an area of 35m ², on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building from the 1920s. An entrance hall, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, induction hob, oven / microwave, coffee maker, washing machine, toaster), bar area, cozy living room with parquet floor, room with a work desk, large queen compound size (160 * 200) with parquet floor and fireplace, shower room with parquet floor, large shower cubicle, wc and fenêtre.Accès wifi and internet TV box, plasma TV and home cinema available. Former apartment completely renovated, close proximity to major subway lines (8, 10, 6). Located on Rue Saint Charles in the 15th arrondissement, shopping district with its market 2 times a week (Tuesday and Friday from 8 to 13h). The metro lines next to the apartment you will go through all the Paris Left Bank or the Right bank, without making any changes.	Beautiful two typical rooms comfortable and quiet, the  apartment is in an old building in a shopping street with its market! Sleeps two, close to public transport, close to the Eiffel Tower and Seine. ENJOY! :) 2 bedroom apartment with an area of 35m ², on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building from the 1920s. An entrance hall, fully equipped kitchen (fridge, induction hob, oven / microwave, coffee maker, washing machine, toaster), bar area, cozy living room with parquet floor, room with a work desk, large queen compound size (160 * 200) with parquet floor and fireplace, shower room with parquet floor, large shower cubicle, wc and fenêtre.Accès wifi and internet TV box, plasma TV and home cinema available. Former apartment completely renovated, close proximity to major subway lines (8, 10, 6). Located on Rue Saint Charles in the 15th arrondissement, shopping district with its market 2 times a week (Tuesday and Friday from 8 to 13h). The metro lines next to the apartment you will
11470	Very nice studio, functionnal, with all commodities: kitchen, bathroom, cable TV, parking possibilities, 7th floor with elevator. Very close to subways stations Motte Picquet Grenelle and Ecole militaire. 20 meters away from the champ de Mars and 300 meters away from the Eiffel tower. Other conditions :  - An additional 20€ will be asked for the cleaning of the studio upon arrival for stays of 2 weeks or less, or 40 EUR for stays of more than 2 weeks.	Le logement est ensoleillé, dans un bel immeuble ancien et rénové, situé dans une  avenue très recherchée et calme, sur le Parc du Champ de Mars,  Studio décoré par les propriétaires architectes. Central : Meilleurs sites de Paris accessibles à pied en moins de 30mn. Commerces, bons restaurants, transports à 3mn. Very nice studio, functionnal, with all commodities: kitchen, bathroom, cable TV, parking possibilities, 7th floor with elevator. Very close to subways stations Motte Picquet Grenelle and Ecole militaire. 20 meters away from the champ de Mars and 300 meters away from the Eiffel tower. Other conditions :  - An additional 20€ will be asked for the cleaning of the studio upon arrival for stays of 2 weeks or less, or 40 EUR for stays of more than 2 weeks. L'accès est souple, flexible en tenant compte des retards des vols. Une clé et un code d'accès est remis à l'arrivée, avec une visite du studio. La description du mode de transport le plus pratique sera conseillé après réservatio
11471	Vue panoramique sur Paris et la tour Eiffel sous les toits de Paris.	Cet appartement typiquement parisien de 40m2 est composé de 2pièces agréables sous les toits de Paris. Salle de bain, cuisine équipée et canapé spacieux. Vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel. Immeuble de 1913, rénové, ascenseur, Métro, tramway à 1 mn. Vue panoramique sur Paris et la tour Eiffel sous les toits de Paris. L'appartement est à votre entière disposition pour un séjour agréable Il ne contient pas de machine à laver, de four.  Vous pourrez vous rendre au coeur de Paris ( Saint- germain des près) en 25 minutes Je pourrais répondre à toutes vos questions en étant disponible 7 jour/ 7 Dans un quartier calme et familial, plusieurs supermarchés, cafés et restaurants se trouvent à proximité sans prendre les transports.. La petite ceinture de Paris ( ancien chemin de fer de Paris) se trouve à deux pas de l'immeuble, endroit verdoyant où ballade et jogging sont dès plus agréables. Le métro Porte de Versailles (ligne 12) est a une minute, ainsi que les tramway T2 et T3 Un second toilette 
11472	Moderne et lumineux, le séjour offre un espace de détente agréable avec un canapé convertible en lit en face d'une TV à écran plat avec Internet en wifi. Véritable havre de paix, profitez de l'avantage d'une terrasse ensoleillée pour prendre un petit déjeuner en extérieur. La table à manger vous permettra aussi de vous restaurer sur place, en famille ou entre amis, avec une cuisine entièrement équipée séparée. La chambre double dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels. La salle de bains se compose d'une baignoire et les WC sont séparés pour garantir une intimité parfaite aux occupants.	Au 7ème étage d'un immeuble moderne du quartier Montparnasse, splendide appartement F2 avec terrasse aménagée. Pour 2 ou 4 personnes avec une chambre double et un canapé lit. Moderne et lumineux, le séjour offre un espace de détente agréable avec un canapé convertible en lit en face d'une TV à écran plat avec Internet en wifi. Véritable havre de paix, profitez de l'avantage d'une terrasse ensoleillée pour prendre un petit déjeuner en extérieur. La table à manger vous permettra aussi de vous restaurer sur place, en famille ou entre amis, avec une cuisine entièrement équipée séparée. La chambre double dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels. La salle de bains se compose d'une baignoire et les WC sont séparés pour garantir une intimité parfaite aux occupants. Le quartier de Montparnasse est familial et chaleureux. De nombreuses visites se feront aux alentours : le shopping de la rue de Rennes vers Saint-Germain-des-Prés, une promenade vers le Champ de Mars avec sa Tour Eiffel, le
11473		Lovely flat very well located between Porte de Versailles and Convention close to public transport and shops.
11474	il est indépendant 	Beau petit studio 15m² pour 2 personnes max au cœur de PARIS CENTRE  proche du métro Dupleix A 300M de TOUR EIFFEL tout équipée drap serviette inclus ,,,,,,, il est indépendant  directe au studio 1 étage très commerciale proche du métro Dupleix et tour Eiffel et tout commerces !!!!!  métro ligne 6 bus 42
11475		- I am not a good photograph, this place really looks amazing though ;-) - 25 m2 - Bright apartment - Very functional (you will find absolutely everything you need from bed sheets to cooking  - Ideal for couples The guest will have access to everything in the flat! Sadly, I will not be there... You will find everything!  Two parks nearby (notably Georges Brassens park) and a green footpath that lead you to the Seine and the Pont Mirabeau. Loads of restaurants in the area! A boulangerie and a supermarket less than 50m away... Very convenient for public transit!
11476	Very nice 2 bedroom flat, smart and modern design with a REAL view at the Eiffel Tower (7th floor).    Ideal for a couple or a family. You will feel a typical Parisian atmosphere staying at our apartment.  	Are you looking for a typically Parisian experience? Our apartment is the place to be : Parisian atmosphere - breath-taking view to the Eiffel Tower directly from our sleeping room - a dream stay in Paris. Very nice 2 bedroom flat, smart and modern design with a REAL view at the Eiffel Tower (7th floor).    Ideal for a couple or a family. You will feel a typical Parisian atmosphere staying at our apartment.  A sitting room, a master bedroom (windows looking at the Eiffel Tower), a kid bedroom, stylish bathroom and fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, Nespresso, toaster, boiler, etc.) We provide you with the necessary for a typical French breakfast. We are lucky to live at this magic place. And occasionally rent it for some week ends or holidays. Don't hesitate to contact us about our availabilities: since we rent it occasionally our calendar is not always updated. It is situated in a nice and pleasant area - close to different shops (supermarket - 2 minutes walk), numerous fashion 
11477	Welcome home Charming, sunny, and large living room with flat screen TV, full cable, internet and wifi access We can accommodate up to 2 persons, 2 people by bedroom (120 euros for 2), 1 bedroom available. The bedroom is equipped with a queen size bed You will find a bathroom with tub and a shower, hair dryer, and everything you should need There is use of the equipped kitchen , with oven, microwave, 2 freezers , a washing machine, dishwasher,  If you come in summer, you mqy enjoy the tiny but pleasant terrace. 	3 bedrooms apartment.  Welcome home Charming, sunny, and large living room with flat screen TV, full cable, internet and wifi access We can accommodate up to 4 persons 2 people by bedroom (120 euros for 2), 2 bedrooms available.
11478	This lovely studio in the 15th arrondissement can accommodate 2 people and will be a perfect foot to land in Paris, whether you come for business or leisure.  This apartment is on the ground floor and features an open kitchen, and a bathroom with a shower and a toilet. There is a sofa bed that converts into two single beds for sleeping. This studio has WiFi internet.	This lovely studio in the 15th arrondissement can accommodate 2 people and will be a perfect foot to land in Paris, whether you come for business or leisure.  This apartment is on the ground floor and features an open kitchen, and a bathroom with a shower and a toilet. There is a sofa bed that converts into two single beds for sleeping. This studio has WiFi internet. You will be ten minutes from Montparnasse where you will find everything you need as well as numerous bus lines to move. The nearest metro station Pasteur, lines 6 and 12 will take you to the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysées, or at the Porte de Versailles with its famous exhibition if you come for business. Near the home, you can enjoy a walk in the gardens Avenue Breteuil.  Check in from 16:00 to 21:00. Between 21:00 and 23:00, there is an extra cost of 30€. After 23:00, there is an extra charge of 80€. Check out from 7:30 to 11:00. Between 6:30 and 7:30, there is an extra cost of 30€. Before 6:30, there is an extra cost 
11479		Deux pièces dans un immeuble Haussmanien, très chaleureux et accueillant. En plein Montparnasse, desservi par 5 lignes de métro très proches. Peut accueillir facilement 5 personnes. Equipements : TV, Wifi, machine à laver, lave-linge, baignoire... 3ème étage avec ascenceur.
11480	Très calme il donne sur une cours et d une vue dégagée depuis la fenêtre. A côté de la seine et du centre commercial neuf de beaugrenelle.	2 pièces à quelques stations de la Tour Eiffel. Tout équipé (cuisine et lave linge) et propre. Lecture et film à disposition. Très calme il donne sur une cours et d une vue dégagée depuis la fenêtre. A côté de la seine et du centre commercial neuf de beaugrenelle. En bas de chez moi il y a le bus 42 et 62 et le métro Boucicaut (ligne 8) A moins de dix minutes de marche il y'a les stations Convention, Charles Michel et Javel (ligne 8,10,12 et rer C). Situe aussi 20-25 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Oui et je serais disponible pour répondre à leur questions au cours de leur séjour. Je pourrais aussi à leur convenance les conseiller sur des balades ou visites concernant paris. Le square André Citroën. Le seul a donné directement sur les quai de seine qui est le point de départ  parfait pour une balade et découvrir paris. Il y'a une guinguette juste au bord des quais à javel très agréable lors des beaux jours. La rue saint Charles qui est très commerçante et permets de découvrir un vrai
11481		Chambre cosy dans mon appartement de 40m2, situé à 15 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. 6e étage sans ascenseur, lumineux et calme, salle de bain avec douche à partager, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, internet, TV. Quartier vivant et bien desservi. La salle de bain est dans ma chambre, mais n'étant jamais là en journée l'accès ne devrait pas poser de problème. Je suis sur Paris depuis 7 ans maintenant, je pourrais vous conseiller les endroits que j'aime fréquenter ! Métro 12 - Vaugirard Métro 6 - Cambronne Métro 8 -  Commerce Bus (phone number hidden)
11482	The apartment is a 2 room 50m2 clear and calm on the 6th floor (with elevator). It consists of 1 bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a living room. The bathroom and toilet are not separated. It has a long balcony with view on the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen is fully equipped (utensils, electric stove, coffee maker, fridge / freezer...). The apartment also comes with WiFi, stereo, linens provided.	Apartment ideally located: 100m from the metro Cambronne and 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower! The apartment is a 2 room 50m2 clear and calm on the 6th floor (with elevator). It consists of 1 bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen and a living room. The bathroom and toilet are not separated. It has a long balcony with view on the Eiffel Tower. The kitchen is fully equipped (utensils, electric stove, coffee maker, fridge / freezer...). The apartment also comes with WiFi, stereo, linens provided. The neighborhood is lively and has many shops (supermarkets, bakeries, pharmacies, restaurants and pubs). The location is ideal just 100 meters from 3 metro stations (line 8, 6 and 10). All Parisian monuments are within 30min transportation (Champs Elysées, Concorde, Notre Dame de Paris, Montmartre ...). The RER C line is 5min walk to the apartment and you can reach Versailles castle in 30min.
11483	You will fall in love of this very modern one-bedroom apartment when u will see the Eiffel Tower through the Windows! The Eiffel Tower is just at your doorstep, a 1-minute walk, and you need just 15 minutes to get to the Champs Elysées by foot.  This luxury appartment furnished by an interior decorator is just 5 minutes from many stations of the subway, Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and the underground train RER C - Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel. You have all kind of shops at the foot of bulding, like 2 supermarket, bakery and good restaurants.  Third floor. You have a free WIFI access! Localised in the heart of Paris, you have acces to all monuments very easily!  You can contact me by email and have a fast answer, or by phone. You are just at one minute walking of the Eiffel Tower! and all kind of shops are in the street, it's one of best parts of Paris, secured, central and treed. 	You will fall in love of this very modern one-bedroom apartment when u will see the Eiffel Tower through the Windows! The Eiffel Tower is just at your doorstep, a 1-minute walk, and you need just 15 minutes to get to the Champs Elysées by foot.  This luxury appartment furnished by an interior decorator is just 5 minutes from many stations of the subway, Bir Hakeim, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and the underground train RER C - Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel. You have all kind of shops at the foot of bulding, like 2 supermarket, bakery and good restaurants.  Third floor. You have a free WIFI access! Localised in the heart of Paris, you have acces to all monuments very easily!  You can contact me by email and have a fast answer, or by phone. You are just at one minute walking of the Eiffel Tower! and all kind of shops are in the street, it's one of best parts of Paris, secured, central and treed. Localised in the heart of Paris, you have acces to all monuments ver
11484	Rent charming 2 rooms of 40 m2  near the Eiffel Tower,  located rue Dupleix, it is only 150 m by feet to the Champ de Mars where are the monument  most famous in Paris. This apartment for 4 persons is located in a small quiet residence with a garden view. It includes a living room and a bedroom with an ancient parquet, modern bathroom and well-occupied kitchen (with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, etc.). This comfortable space with wifi and TV will give you comfort during your stay in Paris where you will be close to the Shoppinf Street (Rue du Commerce) and Underground lines 6, 8, 10 (La Motte-Picquet Grenelle). You will have an easy access to all the monuments of the city and also to the train RER C that can transport you easily till Castle of Versailles(Chateau de Versailles). Minimum of 3 nights stay, sometimes possible 1-2 nights. See you soon	    Rent charming 2 rooms of 40 m² close to the Eiffel Tower. Centrally located, it is only 150 m from the Champ de Mars. This apartment can accommodate 4 persons is located in a quiet area with a garden view.  Minimum stay 3 nights. Thank you    Rent charming 2 rooms of 40 m2  near the Eiffel Tower,  located rue Dupleix, it is only 150 m by feet to the Champ de Mars where are the monument  most famous in Paris. This apartment for 4 persons is located in a small quiet residence with a garden view. It includes a living room and a bedroom with an ancient parquet, modern bathroom and well-occupied kitchen (with oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, etc.). This comfortable space with wifi and TV will give you comfort during your stay in Paris where you will be close to the Shoppinf Street (Rue du Commerce) and Underground lines 6, 8, 10 (La Motte-Picquet Grenelle). You will have an easy access to all the monuments of the city and also to the train RER C that can transport you easil
11485	Il est à 5 mn de la Tour Eiffel.  	T2, 26m2, lumineux, parquet, bien agencé. Sdb avec baignoire, joli salon avec canapé lit et télévision. Chambre avec grand lit 2-3 places. Cuisine séparée et équipée. 4e étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble calme.  A 5mn à pied de la tour Eiffel. Proche commerces, centre Beaugrenelle et métro. Quartier très agréable. Il est à 5 mn de la Tour Eiffel.  Presentation de l'appartement et des choses à savoir. Conseils pour les visites de Paris. Ligne 6 (dupleix) et ligne 10 (charles michels) Linge propre à l'arrivée.
11486	Cozy renovated 32m² apartment in the 15th district, at the first floor with elevator. One bedroom, parquet floor, 140cm wide bed. Little balcony to take your breakfast outdoor. Living room with 2 seats sofa, TV, blu-ray, desk to connect your PC. Kitchen with sink, fridge, microwave, oven, hob. Bathroom with toilets separated, bathtub, washbasin, mirror, washing machine.	Cozy renovated 32m² apartment, luminous, quiet, with balcony. Shops, restaurants, transports and park near. Cozy renovated 32m² apartment in the 15th district, at the first floor with elevator. One bedroom, parquet floor, 140cm wide bed. Little balcony to take your breakfast outdoor. Living room with 2 seats sofa, TV, blu-ray, desk to connect your PC. Kitchen with sink, fridge, microwave, oven, hob. Bathroom with toilets separated, bathtub, washbasin, mirror, washing machine. Bus 95 : access to the Montparnasse Tower in less than 20 minutes, and also to St-Germain des Prés and Le Louvre Metro Line 13 : access to Les Invalides and Champs-Elysées in less than 30 minutes Metro Line 12: access to La Concorde When you arrive, I'll be happy to spend few minutes with you to give you some advice. Transports, good plans, activities ... You will know everything to enjoy your stay. I will remain at your disposal for any questions or information about the apartment and our capital. Quiet residenti
11487		One furnished room available in a 4 rooms apartment in Paris 15ème with two guys and a girl in their mid-twenties. The all furnished 120 square feet apt is at the metro station La Motte Picquet near by le champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower.
11488	"Our studio is in the 15th district of Paris. The light floods the main room and the kitchen all day. You can enjoy the sun thanks to the picture windows. The central heating and the shutters keep the apartment warm at night. Enjoy our big balcony full of flowers and the unrestricted view. In the living room, you can have a drink around our typical parisien table. Then, relax on our Japanese mattress which is made of cotton and latex -if you are more than two people, we can put another mattress in the room. Help yourself in the kitchen with our large fridge and our oven. We also have a blender, a ""crêpe machine"", a waffle machine, a microwave oven and a rubbish chute. The bathroom has a toilet and a bath, two mirrors and cupboards. Towels are included in the listing. Feel free to use the washing machine (that is also a dryer) and the iron! We have our own Internet connection."	"We invite you to the heart of a friendly area, on the 9th floor of a secure building, in our lovely studio which is sunny from sunrise to sunset. Enjoy the lovely balcony and the big public transport network. Our studio is in the 15th district of Paris. The light floods the main room and the kitchen all day. You can enjoy the sun thanks to the picture windows. The central heating and the shutters keep the apartment warm at night. Enjoy our big balcony full of flowers and the unrestricted view. In the living room, you can have a drink around our typical parisien table. Then, relax on our Japanese mattress which is made of cotton and latex -if you are more than two people, we can put another mattress in the room. Help yourself in the kitchen with our large fridge and our oven. We also have a blender, a ""crêpe machine"", a waffle machine, a microwave oven and a rubbish chute. The bathroom has a toilet and a bath, two mirrors and cupboards. Towels are included in the listing. Feel free to u"
11489		Appartement 2 pièces, 45m², 1er étage donnant sur une cour intérieure. Situé entre Montparnasse et les invalides, proche de la rue de sèvres et du bon marché. Idéale pour passer un weekend à Paris. Plus proche métro, station Duroc ligne 13 et ligne 10 Prévoir un chèque de caution de 300€ rendu à la restitution des clefs.
11490	Sie verfügen über eine zweizimmerwohnung im Zentrum von Paris In der Nähe gibt es viele kleine Parks	T2 de 45 m2 - couch in the living room and  bed in the bedroom appartement cocon où tout a été pensé pour la sérénité et le bien être après vos visites parisiennes -quartier jeune et dynamique proche convention ,quartier latin , porte de Versailles logement entier vous pourrez me contacter par mail et téléphone ainsi qu'une autreparsonne sur place durant votre séjour dynamique et calme à la fois métro à cinq minutes tram à Six minutes
11491	Nice 2 room apartment (50 m2) fully renovated.  Beautiful apartment of 50 m2, fully renovated and tastefully furnished.  This apartment can accommodate 2 people. It has a double bed and the sofa is not convertible.  In the heart of Montparnasse, and a 10-minute walk from Bon Marché.  Montparnasse, cinemas, theaters, restaurants ..... neighborhood is a neighborhood where life is good  The apartment is served by a mainline railway station, many bus lines and subway lines 4  Warning, the apartment is NON-SMOKING	Nice 2 room apartment (50 m2) fully renovated. Nice 2 room apartment (50 m2) fully renovated.  Beautiful apartment of 50 m2, fully renovated and tastefully furnished.  This apartment can accommodate 2 people. It has a double bed and the sofa is not convertible.  In the heart of Montparnasse, and a 10-minute walk from Bon Marché.  Montparnasse, cinemas, theaters, restaurants ..... neighborhood is a neighborhood where life is good  The apartment is served by a mainline railway station, many bus lines and subway lines 4  Warning, the apartment is NON-SMOKING
11492	Vivez une expérience unique en famille dans ce splendide appartement de 110 m2 construit en duplex en coeur du 15ème arrondissement.  Au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu de la rue Saint Charles, profitez d'un appartement spacieux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes dans un quartier à l'atmosphère de village. L'appartement s'ouvre sur un spacieux double living. La cuisine séparée offre tout l'équipement nécessaire pour vous restaurer sur place.  Le premier niveau dispose également de deux chambres, l'une avec un lit double, l'autre avec un canapé convertible.  Montez quelques marches et accédez à l'étage doté de deux chambres, l'une avec deux lits simples, l'autre avec un lit simple/enfant pour un couchage supplémentaire. Une salle de bains et une salle de douche complètent ce bien. A deux pas du mythique Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, découvrez Paris à pied avec la rue du Commerce et ses nombreux restaurants pour vos sorties.  Frontalier du 16ème arrondissement, le	Découvrez un appartement spacieux de 5 pièces avec 4 chambres sur 110 m2, situé rue Saint Charles, parfait pour votre séjour entre amis ou en famille ! Vivez une expérience unique en famille dans ce splendide appartement de 110 m2 construit en duplex en coeur du 15ème arrondissement.  Au 2ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu de la rue Saint Charles, profitez d'un appartement spacieux pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes dans un quartier à l'atmosphère de village. L'appartement s'ouvre sur un spacieux double living. La cuisine séparée offre tout l'équipement nécessaire pour vous restaurer sur place.  Le premier niveau dispose également de deux chambres, l'une avec un lit double, l'autre avec un canapé convertible.  Montez quelques marches et accédez à l'étage doté de deux chambres, l'une avec deux lits simples, l'autre avec un lit simple/enfant pour un couchage supplémentaire. Une salle de bains et une salle de douche complètent ce bien. A deux pas du mythique Champ de Mars et
11493	Welcome to our spacious 60 square meter (660 square feet) one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor (with elevator)  of a beautiful 1930s residential art deco building within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower. The building is equipped with an electronic entry code as well as a concierge. The apartment overlooks rue Alasseur, a calm residential street.     ° The area surrounding your Paris address is predominantly residential in character with a healthy mix of neighborhood commerce and conveniences. Only one block away you'll find a varied assortment of restaurants, cozy bistros, tea-rooms and brasseries. Each Wednesday and Sunday morning is a lively open-air farmer's market.   ° The living room has a high ceiling (4.50 meters),  a large picture window and nice 1930s furniture. There is a new pair of comfortable armchairs to relax.  ° The bedroom is furnished with a queen-size bed, night tables and reading lights. It opens onto the spacious living room.   ° The bathroom contains a full 	Cosy 60 square meters with high ceiling in an Art Deco building. 5th floor with elevator. Lots of natural light. Very quiet neighborhood. Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. We're always available for tips about cafés, exhibitions… Welcome to our spacious 60 square meter (660 square feet) one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor (with elevator)  of a beautiful 1930s residential art deco building within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower. The building is equipped with an electronic entry code as well as a concierge. The apartment overlooks rue Alasseur, a calm residential street.     ° The area surrounding your Paris address is predominantly residential in character with a healthy mix of neighborhood commerce and conveniences. Only one block away you'll find a varied assortment of restaurants, cozy bistros, tea-rooms and brasseries. Each Wednesday and Sunday morning is a lively open-air farmer's market.   ° The living room has a high ceiling (4.50 meters),  a large picture window an
11494		A 5 min à pieds de la tour eiffel, appartement deux pièces fonctionnel avec chambre, salon équipé d' un canapé lit, salle de bains et cuisine. Trois lignes de métro a moins de deux minutes a pied.  3 lignes de metro : 10, 6 et 8
11495	L'appartement est à 100 m du métro, et encore plus proche de magasins en tout genres ..	L'appartement est à 100 m du métro, et encore plus proche de magasins en tout genres ..
11496	The Studio :   - 35 sqm, including a 5 sqm balcony - an open kitche, fully equiped (including washing machine) - a separate and large bathroom with shower  - a big 160 cm bed, sooo comfy !  The apartment has been fully renovated and decorated with taste earlier this year.  As it faces south, the studio is very bright and sunny all day long.  It fits 2 people, and is perfect for a couple.  	I just arrived on AirBnB so you could be the first one renting my new flat in the 15th district of Paris !  J'arrive tout juste sur AirBnB, peut être serez vous le premier à louer mon nouvel appartement du 15ème arrondissement !  The Studio :   - 35 sqm, including a 5 sqm balcony - an open kitche, fully equiped (including washing machine) - a separate and large bathroom with shower  - a big 160 cm bed, sooo comfy !  The apartment has been fully renovated and decorated with taste earlier this year.  As it faces south, the studio is very bright and sunny all day long.  It fits 2 people, and is perfect for a couple.  Installations include:   - TV - WIFI - Stereo (HI-FI) with jack cable to plug your Iphone - Fully equiped kitchen - hair dryer in the bathroom  If you have any question, don't hesitate to ask.  I'll also make sure you have all the good tips to enjoy your stay !  The Studio is located in a quiet street, a 3 minute walk from the metro station Convention (line 12).  The area is 
11497	Lovely and large studio on the 2nd floor with elevator, quiet and bright with two large doors windows overlooking balcony and a window. Studio was renovated in December 2015. The main room has a large sofa brand new daily sleeping with a very comfortable mattress and an extra bed. An expandable console table for 2 to 12 persons is available. Wardrobe with different arrangements will allow you to easily mill your luggage (or things). If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisians restaurants, a practical kitchenette fully equipped and well laid out is available. You will feel at home in the comfortable bathroom with different accessories for your everyday necessary. Clean linen and towels are included.	Lovely and large studio 32 m² at 15th district close to Eiffel tower and places of interest. Perfect for couple to visit Paris. Lovely and large studio on the 2nd floor with elevator, quiet and bright with two large doors windows overlooking balcony and a window. Studio was renovated in December 2015. The main room has a large sofa brand new daily sleeping with a very comfortable mattress and an extra bed. An expandable console table for 2 to 12 persons is available. Wardrobe with different arrangements will allow you to easily mill your luggage (or things). If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisians restaurants, a practical kitchenette fully equipped and well laid out is available. You will feel at home in the comfortable bathroom with different accessories for your everyday necessary. Clean linen and towels are included. Feel here like at home ! I am fully available by mail, phone and physically if necessary. The neighborhood is very nice, shops, catering, restaurants, … A char
11498	Situé au 4ème étage, l'appartement est très lumineux avec poutre apparente.  Très calme, il est également équipé de double vitrage. Le canapé convertible possède un vrai matelas et vous assurera une nuit confortable.  La cuisine est ouverte et équipée d'un bar avec 2 chaises hautes, un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, une cafetière, un micro-ondes et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner (pas de four ni de lave vaisselle). La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche avec un espace pour ranger vos produits. Serviettes de bain à disposition  Wifi gratuit	    Studio de 30m2 accueillant et bien agencé situé dans un immeuble calme. Idéal pour un couple souhaitant vivre à Paris comme de vrais parisiens! Restaurants, magasins, supermarchés, boulangerie...et attractions touristiques à proximité immédiate.      Situé au 4ème étage, l'appartement est très lumineux avec poutre apparente.  Très calme, il est également équipé de double vitrage. Le canapé convertible possède un vrai matelas et vous assurera une nuit confortable.  La cuisine est ouverte et équipée d'un bar avec 2 chaises hautes, un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, une cafetière, un micro-ondes et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner (pas de four ni de lave vaisselle). La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche avec un espace pour ranger vos produits. Serviettes de bain à disposition  Wifi gratuit L'appartement entier est réservé à l'usage des voyageurs. Je vous accueillerais le jour de votre arrivée. N'hésitez pas à me poser des questions concernant vos visites, je serais ravie d
11499	Hello, Located in the Paris 15th district of Paris close to 7th in the suisse village , this apartment for rent will make you appreciate the local places and monuments, as Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower or Invalides. At 1 min by walk from Metro ligne 6 & 10: La Motte Picquet Grenelle You will enjoy the 10 square meters terrace, in the heart of paris only for you, with it's nice grennery ( feel like in a small forest) You will stroll through little streets surrounded by nice restaurants and bars and will be transported by the romantic atmosphere of Paris apartment. This 20th century french building with its view on the yard will guarantee the peace and the seurity with its digicod and the interphone inside the flat. You will also enjoy this furnished Paris studio rental with its full-equipment : TV and ADSL (full access), its functional kitchen area and also its modern showeroom. Hope to hsot you soon !	Hello, Located in the Paris 15th district of Paris close to 7th in the suisse village , this apartment for rent will make you appreciate the local places and monuments, as Champs de mars, Eiffel Tower or Invalides. At 1 min by walk from Metro ligne 6 & 10: La Motte Picquet Grenelle You will enjoy the 10 square meters terrace, in the heart of paris only for you, with it's nice grennery ( feel like in a small forest) You will stroll through little streets surrounded by nice restaurants and bars and will be transported by the romantic atmosphere of Paris apartment. This 20th century french building with its view on the yard will guarantee the peace and the seurity with its digicod and the interphone inside the flat. You will also enjoy this furnished Paris studio rental with its full-equipment : TV and ADSL (full access), its functional kitchen area and also its modern showeroom. Hope to hsot you soon !
11500	This is a wonderful apartment with very large windows with a large view of Paris that you can have from your bed.	36 m² apartment next to Eiffel tower (10 mn walking), close to the luxuary Beaugrenelle shopping center (5mn walking), 5mn walking to Bir Hakeim metro station, with a large view of Paris, full furnished kitchen, bathroom, TV, wifi This is a wonderful apartment with very large windows with a large view of Paris that you can have from your (email hidden) walking distance you have a large swimming pool with a fitness center You will be in a very nice area of Paris with Eiffel tower, la Seine, big shopping center, many shops around and many restaurants. We will leave for you a guide  and a MAP of Paris that you may use. Many different transportations are really next to you : boat which is going to all monuments of Paris, metro (email hidden) walking distance, many buses…
11501		double exposition pour cet appartement de deux pièces ,une chambre sur  jardin ,un séjour sur impasse. Tout près de la tour Eiffel ,de la Seine,de Beaugrenelle,et au carrefour de 3 lignes de bus(88,70,42 ) et 2 lignes de metro(8et10)
11502	Extremely bright thanks to a terrace circling the housing. Both warm and functional apartment that is ideal for making a Parisian stay.	Cozy and warmly flat located in a charming mix of an old Paris neighborhood and attractiveness of many best places of the capital. Terrace going around the apartment offers high brightness and an unobstructed view. Extremely bright thanks to a terrace circling the housing. Both warm and functional apartment that is ideal for making a Parisian stay. All the flat I can answer questions during your stay. Situated in the 15th arrondissement , on the border of the 7th arrondissement the flat is a few steps from the Champ de mars area . Cribs many tourist places of the capital such as the public garden, the Eiffel Tower, the Military School , the Quai Branly Museum with its art museum . Close to 3 metro stops : - Dupleix and Bir Hakeim , which is served on line 6 . Access to Trocadero with its gardens and museums, the Arc de Triomphe , the Montparnasse Tower, Place d'Italie , the Bois de Vincennes, Palais Omnisports de Paris Bercy seat regular sporting events. - Avenue Emile Zola, which is s
11503		Charmant , studio, au 7ème étage (avec ascenseur) , à deux pas de l'arrêt de métro BIR HAKIEM. Le logement se compose d'une belle pièce de vie avec balcon et une belle salle de bains. Possibilité de stationnement. Commerces, RER C et métro (6).
11504	My flat is perfectly located near Eiffel Tower in a shopping district. Cosy and charming, you'll discover Parisian lifestyle. Painted in various colors, I like to think my flat has a peaceful soul.You'll see;-) and I hope you'll enjoy to spend time in my comfortable flat.	Lovely flat under  Paris'roofs  with a beautiful view on a church. Perfect to spend an enjoyable moment in Paris. My flat is perfectly located near Eiffel Tower in a shopping district. Cosy and charming, you'll discover Parisian lifestyle. Painted in various colors, I like to think my flat has a peaceful soul.You'll see;-) and I hope you'll enjoy to spend time in my comfortable flat. Washing machine, micro-wave, toaster, dishes. I'm available all time if you need more information by mail and by phone. My district is animated by day and very quiet by night. You have all you want very close to you (park, supermarket, restaurant, coffees, butchery, drugstore, tobacco). You can come by subway and get off at Commerce on the line 8 direction Balard. The accommodation is at 15 seconds from the subway.
11505	Appartement familial spacieux ensoleillé avec son magnifique balcon fleuri (passion de Nath) sur jardin arboré loin des bruits de la ville.... 3 chambres au calme, joli décoration. Immeuble moderne avec baies vitrées, ascenseur. Cuisine totalement équipée: plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. 1 salle de douche et une salle de bains. Parquet dans salon et entrée, moquette dans les chambres. 	Dans immeuble récent, notre appartement donne sur un jardin arboré très calme sur lequel donnent le salon et la salle à manger ainsi que la chambre parentale, un vrai plaisir en été. Quartier tranquille et pratique pour profiter de Paris. Metro rer c Appartement familial spacieux ensoleillé avec son magnifique balcon fleuri (passion de Nath) sur jardin arboré loin des bruits de la ville.... 3 chambres au calme, joli décoration. Immeuble moderne avec baies vitrées, ascenseur. Cuisine totalement équipée: plaques à induction, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. 1 salle de douche et une salle de bains. Parquet dans salon et entrée, moquette dans les chambres. Tout Oui par téléphone ou mail Accueil par ma nièce Alexandra ou Chloé Quartier calme et commerçant, à coté du parc André Citroen, limte 15ème-16ème. A 200 mètres de la Seine et à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars  Quartier St Charles très commerçant, 2 marchés par semaine au bout de la rue. 25 minutes en RER C du Châte
11506	Cosy apartment at the third floor of a small building, typical from Paris. It is the perfect stay for a small family or 2 couples. Our apartment includes 2 bedrooms: one parental room with a kingsize bed and one baby room full equiped (changing table and baby bed),  One very luminous living room with a sofa bed (2 persons) and one kitchen where 4 persons can easily fit for diner. 	2 bedrooms apartment perfect for a small family or two couples, for a relax stay in Paris, in the 15th area: very luminous, the living area is facing a big parc. Close to great french restaurants and bars,in a typical but non turistic area of Paris.  Cosy apartment at the third floor of a small building, typical from Paris. It is the perfect stay for a small family or 2 couples. Our apartment includes 2 bedrooms: one parental room with a kingsize bed and one baby room full equiped (changing table and baby bed),  One very luminous living room with a sofa bed (2 persons) and one kitchen where 4 persons can easily fit for diner.  The apartment is fully yours during your stay. You have also access to a small room downstairs to leave the babystuff We can be easily contacted by phone or emails Facing a big nice parc, in a quiet area of Paris, close to typical french restaurants and shops.  Parking place might be difficult but there is an underground car park nereby. Tramway is 1 minute walki
11507	Nice, comfortable and bright studio in the 15th district. Our apartment is on the 6th floor (with an elevator) of a secure building (digicode + key).  The studio is modern and cosy. You will have access to  - a bathroom with: toilets, a bath tub and a wash-machine - a kitchen with a fridge, electric stove, an oven, a microwave, a small refrigerator and all  essentials to cook. - a living room/bedroom with: a comfortable sofa-bed, a TV, a table. We love it and hope you will do too!	Cosy studio of 25m2 in the 15th district, calm, secure and charming neighborhood. It is in the 6th floor, with elevator and balcony. Close from 3 metro lines (6, 8 and 12), Eiffel Tower (view from the studio), Latin quarter and all conveniences. Nice, comfortable and bright studio in the 15th district. Our apartment is on the 6th floor (with an elevator) of a secure building (digicode + key).  The studio is modern and cosy. You will have access to  - a bathroom with: toilets, a bath tub and a wash-machine - a kitchen with a fridge, electric stove, an oven, a microwave, a small refrigerator and all  essentials to cook. - a living room/bedroom with: a comfortable sofa-bed, a TV, a table. We love it and hope you will do too! Me and my husband speak 4 languages: French, English, Portuguese and Spanish. It will be a pleasure then to exchange our tips with our guests.
11508	A lovely cosy room in the 15th Arrondissement, close to all transport links and close to all the major sights (you can see the Eiffel Tower on the walk from Volontaires to the apartment). Perfect for a week or two in Paris.	Have yourself a very merry Christmas and New Year here in Paris in a quiet residential neighbourhood. A 50m2 flat in total, with a large lounge area and a nice double bedroom. Self-catering kitchen, own bathroom and a cute little Parisian toilet. A lovely cosy room in the 15th Arrondissement, close to all transport links and close to all the major sights (you can see the Eiffel Tower on the walk from Volontaires to the apartment). Perfect for a week or two in Paris. All amenities of the apartment. Supermarkets close by (2min walk), a tabac underneath for the smokers amongst you, and a 5m walk to two metro stations serving both lines 12 and 6. I will not be present during the stay, but my flatmate will be staying and on hand to give any nugget of advice that will advance your stay in the French capital.
11509		This apartment is located only 5 minutes by foot to the Eiffel Tower. It is a very quiet and clean flat well equiped of 30m2. The flat has a beautiful view of Paris. There is one bedroom with queensize bed, a living room and a bathroom.
11510	"We welcome you in the heart of the 15th Parisien arrondissement in a 3 rooms / 60 meter square appartment which can accomodate 4 persons (2 large beds) + 1 extra on the couch. The neighouroud includes The Eiffel Tower which can be reached within a 15 min walk, bakery and supermarket, a large parc, and an unanimously appreciated shopping street which will you feel like a real Parisien. The Metro Line are accessible within 5 min at station ""Commerce"" (M8) , ""Volontaires"" (M12) and ""Motte-Picquet Grenelles"" (M6 / M10) and will give you an easy acces to the Invalides, Champs Elysee, Grands Boulevards, Concorde, Montparnasse or Parc des Expositions The flat is spacious and luminous "	"Comfortable flat close the a charming shopping street and 15min walk from the Eiffel Tower Parc (Champs de Mars) You will be at ease with 4 people, a 5th can sleep on the convertible couch. Enjoy Paris! English French  German, Spanish spoken. We welcome you in the heart of the 15th Parisien arrondissement in a 3 rooms / 60 meter square appartment which can accomodate 4 persons (2 large beds) + 1 extra on the couch. The neighouroud includes The Eiffel Tower which can be reached within a 15 min walk, bakery and supermarket, a large parc, and an unanimously appreciated shopping street which will you feel like a real Parisien. The Metro Line are accessible within 5 min at station ""Commerce"" (M8) , ""Volontaires"" (M12) and ""Motte-Picquet Grenelles"" (M6 / M10) and will give you an easy acces to the Invalides, Champs Elysee, Grands Boulevards, Concorde, Montparnasse or Parc des Expositions The flat is spacious and luminous Sleeping :  Two rooms with beds for 2 persons (140 cm and 160 cm). An e"
11511	Appartement très fonctionnel et parfait pour séjourner à Paris. Grande porte-fenêtre donnant sur balcon, cuisine à l'américaine avec bar en chêne massif, mezzanine en bois, literie haute qualité. Toilettes et salle de bain séparées. Mise à disposition de tous les équipements suivants : TV, cable, satellite, wifi, four à chaleur tournante, cuisinière gaz + plaque, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, nécessaire de repassage (petite table et fer), cafetière Nespresso (6 capsules fournies), réfrigérateur, cafetière italienne. Commerces et restaurants à proximité. Profitez de la Coulée Verte, ancienne voie de chemin de fer totalement rendue piétonne et boisée au milieu des quartiers parisiens. Une vraie belle surprise. Si vous aimez courir, je conseille quelques itinéraires  atypiques, tout en évitant les pots d'échappement ! Pour les Salons de la Porte de Versailles, visiteurs ou exposants, l'appartement est idéalement situé (100m) et agencé. Pour un séjour touristique, tous les quart	Appartement très fonctionnel et parfait pour séjourner à Paris. Grande porte-fenêtre donnant sur balcon, cuisine à l'américaine avec bar en chêne massif, mezzanine en bois, literie haute qualité. Toilettes et salle de bain séparées. Mise à disposition de tous les équipements suivants : TV, cable, satellite, wifi, four à chaleur tournante, cuisinière gaz + plaque, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, nécessaire de repassage (petite table et fer), cafetière Nespresso (6 capsules fournies), réfrigérateur, cafetière italienne. Commerces et restaurants à proximité. Profitez de la Coulée Verte, ancienne voie de chemin de fer totalement rendue piétonne et boisée au milieu des quartiers parisiens. Une vraie belle surprise. Si vous aimez courir, je conseille quelques itinéraires  atypiques, tout en évitant les pots d'échappement ! Pour les Salons de la Porte de Versailles, visiteurs ou exposants, l'appartement est idéalement situé (100m) et agencé. Pour un séjour touristique, tous les quart
11512	"Located on the 15th District (5min by walk from la Motte piquet grenelle), this Nice and lighty apartment can receive 4 people! With the old library and tipical French decoration, your trip Will be more authentic and romantic un this tipical Parisian'Apartment. there is a Bus (bus du XVem) which goes to ""Parc des expositions"" in less than 10min."	"At the first floor, the apartment is  not exposed on the street (very quiet)! The flat is perfect to visit Paris. The district is very nice with a lot of shops and monuments nearby(Eiffel tower, Invalides. statue of Liberty, Trocadero... Everything a Located on the 15th District (5min by walk from la Motte piquet grenelle), this Nice and lighty apartment can receive 4 people! With the old library and tipical French decoration, your trip Will be more authentic and romantic un this tipical Parisian'Apartment. there is a Bus (bus du XVem) which goes to ""Parc des expositions"" in less than 10min. Guests are allowed to use everything in the apartment(wifi, television, dish washer, washing machine ,...) I Will be there to welcome guests who Will come in the apartment! I Will give them key and to explain them where are everything in this lovely district. And then I Will be there to say Bye and to know how was the trip. The district is very Nice with a lot of families. It is very Nice to live t"
11513	The flat is composed by :  1 living room with sofa bed 1 open equiped kitchen  1 bathroom with toilets and a big shower  1 room with a queen size bed Very nice building, close to supermarkets  5th floor without elevator  Towels and sheets provided	Cosy, calm and lumineous. Not overlooked 5th floor flat of 33m2 entirely equiped. Close to Montparnasse train station metro L12 & L13, Bus 62, 89, 95, Tram T3 Perfect for 2 people,  it can welcome to 4 people thanks to the living room sofa. The flat is composed by :  1 living room with sofa bed 1 open equiped kitchen  1 bathroom with toilets and a big shower  1 room with a queen size bed Very nice building, close to supermarkets  5th floor without elevator  Towels and sheets provided
11514	Spacious by Parisian standards, this 70 m2 (750+ sq feet) apartment maintains it's charm with beautiful moldings on the ceiling, original honey colored wood floors, clay 'tomettes' on the eat-in kitchen floor, and seperate WC. This apartment has been in my family for 4 generations. Furnished with family antiques, a fully equipped kitchen and a washer and dryer. The queen sized natural latex Dunlopillo mattress in the bedroom sleeps two and the day bed in the living room sleeps an additional adult.  Secured entry building with a full time guardien who has been with us for 30 years and speaks French and Spanish.  I live in the building and will meet you personally when you arrive. Paris has been a second home since I was a child and I am happy to give you tips on the best restaurants, events, markets, shopping etc. I also give historic guided jewelry tours so if you like jewelry, I give a special rate to my guests!  Situated in a familial yet very lively neighborhood filled with cafes, p	Spacious by Parisian standards, this 70 m2 (750+ sq feet) apartment maintains its charm with beautiful moldings on the ceiling, original honey colored wood floors, clay tomettes in kitchen, furnished with antiques. NEIGHBOR'S CONSTRUCTION COMPLETED! Spacious by Parisian standards, this 70 m2 (750+ sq feet) apartment maintains it's charm with beautiful moldings on the ceiling, original honey colored wood floors, clay 'tomettes' on the eat-in kitchen floor, and seperate WC. This apartment has been in my family for 4 generations. Furnished with family antiques, a fully equipped kitchen and a washer and dryer. The queen sized natural latex Dunlopillo mattress in the bedroom sleeps two and the day bed in the living room sleeps an additional adult.  Secured entry building with a full time guardien who has been with us for 30 years and speaks French and Spanish.  I live in the building and will meet you personally when you arrive. Paris has been a second home since I was a child and I am happ
11515	Perfect for a couple or for 2 friends who want to be close to the main touristic places.	Lovely studio in the heart of the 15th arrondissement of Paris, 10 minutes walk from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, close to the main shopping streets. Kitchen with american bar, sofa / bed 2 places, 1 bathroom / toilets. Perfectly clean. Perfect for a couple or for 2 friends who want to be close to the main touristic places. Very secure and quiet neighborhood. In the heart of the capital. From the airport Roissy Charles e Gaulle : RER B until Denfert-Rochereau and line 6 until Cambronne (about 55 minutes) From the Montparnasse rail station : line 6 until Cambronne (about 5 minutes)
11516	Urbain , accueillant le lieux idéale pour visiter paris.	Dans immeuble calme appartement au 1er étage.  Il est composé de 2 chambres, Sdb avec baignoire, wc séparé, cuisine équipée et un grand salon confortable et urbain.  A deux pas du métro et de beaugrenelle, 10 minutes a pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Possibilité d un couchage d appoint. Urbain , accueillant le lieux idéale pour visiter paris. A côté de la Tour Eiffel , en face de la statue de la libéré. Ballade touristique ou promenade romantique sur les quais le quartier est ouvert sur paris.  Les restaurants de tout horizon abordent les rues du quartier. La nuit le calme revient.  A de pas du centre beaugrennelle, histoire de faire deux trois courses avant de partir. Metro Charles Michel ligne 10.  Rer par javel. Avec 15 minutes à pieds.
11517	P.S. it's missing the picture with the second room. It's  actually a room with a double bed.	Bonjour, je vous propose ce grand appartement avec terrasse, très bien équipé et agréablement lumineux. Proche des commerces, du Metro et du Parc André Citroen.  L'appartement est bien aménagé et joliment décoré, en plus, vue sur la Tour Eiffel!   P.S. it's missing the picture with the second room. It's  actually a room with a double bed.
11518	Ideal for 2 people, the appartement can also welcome 2 more people/children thanks to the convertible sofa in the living room. There is a separate all furnished kitchen and a bathroom.	Lovely two rooms and well furnished appartment ideally located at 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse Station and Porte de Versailles. Very closed to many stations  It is composed of one large bedroom and a cosy living room
11519	Brand new renovated studio of 21 m² (226 Sq Ft), located halfway between Vaugirard and Convention, on  3rd floor with lift of a nice Art Deco style building..  It's composed of a bright living room with it’s large window, with a confortable convertible sofabed for 2, built in  closets, kitchen corner and shower room with wc. Lot of charm with its hardwood floor and white and grey  decoration.  Recently renewed, all equipments/furnitures in very good condition.  Restaurant/bar/shop/convenient store all around. Metro Convention & Vaugirard at 150m Calm but lively area	"Excellent residential area with many shops, bars, traditional restaurants, varied ""marchés"", cinemas, cafes, small parks, near Porte de Versailles (exhibition center and big international events). Brand new renovated studio of 21 m² (226 Sq Ft), located halfway between Vaugirard and Convention, on  3rd floor with lift of a nice Art Deco style building..  It's composed of a bright living room with it’s large window, with a confortable convertible sofabed for 2, built in  closets, kitchen corner and shower room with wc. Lot of charm with its hardwood floor and white and grey  decoration.  Recently renewed, all equipments/furnitures in very good condition.  Restaurant/bar/shop/convenient store all around. Metro Convention & Vaugirard at 150m Calm but lively area You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether "
11520	You will be delighted by this 95 m2 appartment + a wonderfull 70 m2  terrace , located in the center of Paris , 10 minutes walk from Eiffel tower ,  the Invalides , and river Seine, and  close to Parc des expositions porte de Versailles. Perfect for touristic and business stays  ( near Parc des expositions )  Close  to  metro station, : Commerce 50 meters from the building You can as well use Velib, (Velos Parisiens) and Auto lib  in the street at 20 Meters. Rue du Commerce is one of the most lively street  in Paris  with all it’s  retail trade shops . You will find  lot of  coffees bars and restaurants , bakers,  butchers,cheese, fruits ad vegetables stalls , and supermarkets ….  and everything  you need for a wonderfull stay on the flowered  terrace .or inside your appartement.  And also  perfect to make shopping  at Monoprix, Sephora , ,Gap, Zara, H*M .You will also discover  street market twice a week    Located in a nice  and quite garden , the secured  residence  (Concierge,  two	"A large andcosy apartment in One of the most lively street of paris. in the heart of ""village du commerce "" a  70m2 garden terrace , sunny from the early morning until  sunset it will allow you to eat and dream outside among the flowers and trees  .  You will be delighted by this 95 m2 appartment + a wonderfull 70 m2  terrace , located in the center of Paris , 10 minutes walk from Eiffel tower ,  the Invalides , and river Seine, and  close to Parc des expositions porte de Versailles. Perfect for touristic and business stays  ( near Parc des expositions )  Close  to  metro station, : Commerce 50 meters from the building You can as well use Velib, (Velos Parisiens) and Auto lib  in the street at 20 Meters. Rue du Commerce is one of the most lively street  in Paris  with all it’s  retail trade shops . You will find  lot of  coffees bars and restaurants , bakers,  butchers,cheese, fruits ad vegetables stalls , and supermarkets ….  and everything  you need for a wonderfull stay on the flowe"
11521	Au cœur du XVème, situé sur une rue commerçante avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Proche de tous modes de transport, bus, métro, autolib... MAGNIFIQUE 2 PIECES avec parquet et moulures architecture parisienne. Entièrement refait et équipé.	Proche bus, métro, autolib... Cuisinette équipée (lave-vaisselle, cafetière...),  salon avec canapé, bar, TV écran plat et WIFI,  salle de douche avec WC, une chambre avec lit double en mezzanine, dressing et canapé BZ au rez-de-chaussée. Au cœur du XVème, situé sur une rue commerçante avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Proche de tous modes de transport, bus, métro, autolib... MAGNIFIQUE 2 PIECES avec parquet et moulures architecture parisienne. Entièrement refait et équipé. Tour Eiffel à moins de 5min en bus. Tous les sites touristiques de Paris. A 5 min à pieds du nouveau centre de commercial BEAUGRENELLE. Un grand marché à la française. Rue avec tous types de restauration à moins d'une minute de l'appartement ! Echanges possibles par mail et téléphone. Possibilité de se rendre sur place. Quartier très calme et familial avec TOUS COMMERCES et RESTAURANTS. métro ligne 10 STATION Charles Michels métro ligne 8 STATION Boucicaut bus 42 ARRET face à l'immeuble AUTOLIB.... L'appartement offre un
11522	Le logement : Studio de 35 m² cosy  et lumineux avec balcon aménagé, salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, cuisine toute équipée.  Accès Internet, Machine à laver. Le Studio dispose: d'un lit deux places, d'un canapé convertible en cuir de bonne qualité et d'un Matelas 2 places orthopédique en plus ( 6 personnes en tout).	Le logement : Studio cosy Lumineux avec balcon, salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver, cuisine toute équipée.  Accès Internet. 4ème étage  ascenseur Le logement : Studio de 35 m² cosy  et lumineux avec balcon aménagé, salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, cuisine toute équipée.  Accès Internet, Machine à laver. Le Studio dispose: d'un lit deux places, d'un canapé convertible en cuir de bonne qualité et d'un Matelas 2 places orthopédique en plus ( 6 personnes en tout). Proche  nombreux commerces et restaurants lafourchette, métro vaugirard. Proche tour eiffel. a 10minutes de la rue de rennes et des galleries lafayette montparnassse.  Très bien desservi ( ligne 12 pour le métro ) + Lignes (phone number hidden),  
11523	"Nicely renovated and decorated 46sqm apartment in charming 1907 building with stuccoed ceiling. You will be renting the living room has a comfortable sleeper couch (1,40m). Sheets and towels are provided. The kitchen has modern appliances as well as a washing machine. Despite the short distance to main roads and public transport, the apartment is very quiet due to renovated windows. Located on first floor of a Haussmannien building, not much daylight is entering through the tall windows. However, the setup of lights compensates with a warm atmosphere in all rooms. - one minute from metro station line 6 - five minutes walking distance from Eiffel Tower - one minute walking distance from Pont Bir Hakeim (film setting in ""Inception"" and photo shootings around the clock - best pictures of Eiffel Tower) - charming and recently renovated - good water pressure and all water temperature - nice taste of classic furniture - modern household appliances from German brands including microwave with "	"the offer concerns a room within a shared apartment Nicely renovated and decorated 46sqm apartment in charming 1907 building with stuccoed ceiling. You will be renting the living room has a comfortable sleeper couch (1,40m). Sheets and towels are provided. The kitchen has modern appliances as well as a washing machine. Despite the short distance to main roads and public transport, the apartment is very quiet due to renovated windows. Located on first floor of a Haussmannien building, not much daylight is entering through the tall windows. However, the setup of lights compensates with a warm atmosphere in all rooms. - one minute from metro station line 6 - five minutes walking distance from Eiffel Tower - one minute walking distance from Pont Bir Hakeim (film setting in ""Inception"" and photo shootings around the clock - best pictures of Eiffel Tower) - charming and recently renovated - good water pressure and all water temperature - nice taste of classic furniture - modern household app"
11524		Appartement de 23m2, très calme. Il est agréable (beaucoup de lumière) et très pratique (proche du métro, tram, commerces et parc des expositions). Vous serez tranquille dans cet appartement charmant.
11525		Appartement typiquement parisien  (parquet, moulures,  cheminées, ...) proche de la Seine avec parking.  Métros ligne 8 et ligne 10. RER C, Bus 88  et Tramway à proximité  
11526	Service de conciergerie (payant) Service de nettoyage (payant) Service de blanchisserie (payant) Transport avec chauffeur (payant) Guide disponible (payant) Ligne téléphonique nationale (gratuite)	Studio calme et accueillant  7eme étage avec ascenseur. Proche champs de Mars ,Tour Eiffel  Trocadero, Salon de Versailles , Statue de la Liberté  Proche métro/bus,supermarché/boulangerie  Cuisine tout équipé et petite salle de bain  Lit double et canapé convertible. Connexion internet et Télévision. Service de conciergerie (payant) Service de nettoyage (payant) Service de blanchisserie (payant) Transport avec chauffeur (payant) Guide disponible (payant) Ligne téléphonique nationale (gratuite) Metro ligne 8 Boucicaut ou Lourmel  Bus 62 ou 42
11527	"LISTED AIRBNB TOP 40 ALL OVER THE WORLD ! Private studio (11sqm) on a 100yrs old houseboat right under the Eiffel Tower, on an outstanding pedestrian pier (Port de Suffren, World Heritage of Unesco). Central, yet very quiet and safe.  The owners of the houseboat also live there, but the two flats are perfectly independant. The place is not huge (remember, you are on a boat!), but so romantic and cosy, it is like a little love nest on the river.   So what you have ALL FOR YOU is : a private entrance and private deck with table and chairs (perfect for a lunch or a drink outside !), a studio on two levels with a private bathroom (bathtub and shower, with a panoramic view!) and private toilets. ""Bunk bed"" 120x200, smaller than a regular double but will perfectly suit a couple. Sofa, chairs and tables, Nespresso, TV, WIFI, ipod station. The studio is well heated so comfortable even in winter. Breakfeast equipment, fridge. Extraordinary view (360 °) on the Seine, the Eiffel Tower, and monume"	"LISTED AIRBNB TOP 40 ALL OVER THE WORLD ! Private studio (11sqm) on a 100yrs old houseboat right under the Eiffel Tower, on an outstanding pedestrian pier (Port de Suffren, World Heritage of Unesco). Central, yet very quiet and safe.  The owners of the houseboat also live there, but the two flats are perfectly independant. The place is not huge (remember, you are on a boat!), but so romantic and cosy, it is like a little love nest on the river.   So what you have ALL FOR YOU is : a private entrance and private deck with table and chairs (perfect for a lunch or a drink outside !), a studio on two levels with a private bathroom (bathtub and shower, with a panoramic view!) and private toilets. ""Bunk bed"" 120x200, smaller than a regular double but will perfectly suit a couple. Sofa, chairs and tables, Nespresso, TV, WIFI, ipod station. The studio is well heated so comfortable even in winter. Breakfeast equipment, fridge. Extraordinary view (360 °) on the Seine, the Eiffel Tower, and monume"
11528	The studio is very quiet and in the center of Paris. (15 minutes from Eiffel Tower, you can see it from the street)	"Lovely and quiet apartment in the center of Paris, 15 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower. Very good bakery, restaurants and groceries in the street. The studio is very quiet and in the center of Paris. (15 minutes from Eiffel Tower, you can see it from the street) You will have access to the full studio. You can also use the basic products (spices, tea, coffee, oil and vinegar...) and I will provide you sheets and towels. I will do my best to answer quickly to any question by mail, do not hesitate to ask me ! This is a charming neighborhood with old buildings and many bakeries, restaurants and groceries store. There is also a nice park at 2 minutes from the studio (Le Square Saint Lambert) The nearest metro station is ""Vaugirard"" on the line 12."
11529	This is a light and airy place to stay. Big windows in each room, so much natural light. Friends, family and firsts guests coming to my home say that they feel at home there!	Large bedroom in a 78m2 flat with parquet, high ceilings and spaceful rooms. Central location: 15min walk distance from UNESCO, Eiffel Tower, Invalides Hotel, 10 min metro from Grands Magasins. Located in a quiet area. Close to several metro lines This is a light and airy place to stay. Big windows in each room, so much natural light. Friends, family and firsts guests coming to my home say that they feel at home there! No forbidden areas except my bedroom. Free access to kitchen, sitting-room, dining/living room, bathroom. Free fast wireless connexion I will welcome you, show you the close surroundings, and will be there during your stay. The flat is large and we can share it without disturbing each others with a bit of understanding from each individual. I will make myself available during your stay if you need any help. Quiet area but close to most touristic places (walking distance) Fresh market Thursday and Saturday mornings Lots of shops (butchery, cheese, wine, excellent bakeries
11530	This bright apartment has 2 bedrooms, spacious and cosy. The bathroom is well organized and very clean. A functional kitchen open to the living room, with an amazing view, gives a warm and friendly atmosphere, ideal to come back to after a day of exploration in the capital. Guests will be able to enjoy the whole apartment from August 14th to August 20th : the 2 bedrooms will be available for a couple and a third person, or just 2 people ! (Contact me for price infos)	Elegant 2 bedroom apartment with a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower. Located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of a dynamic shopping district, the flat overlooks a little park, ideal for a calm and lovely afternoon.. This bright apartment has 2 bedrooms, spacious and cosy. The bathroom is well organized and very clean. A functional kitchen open to the living room, with an amazing view, gives a warm and friendly atmosphere, ideal to come back to after a day of exploration in the capital. Guests will be able to enjoy the whole apartment from August 14th to August 20th : the 2 bedrooms will be available for a couple and a third person, or just 2 people ! (Contact me for price infos) We share common areas such as the kitchen, living-room and bathroom. Bedrooms are private.  I leave in the apartment so will be around regularly.  The neighborhood is lovely, like a tiny village within the city, nearby a shopping street and several parks, perfect to relax, exercise or sit in 
11531	Exposition south Comfortable bed (140cm x 190cm) Arrival et departure: 12:00pm	2 rooms, 39 sqm, 3rd with lift. Metro line 12 Porte de Versailles, line 8 Lourmel, Tram T2 & T3 and bus 39 & 42. Entrance, living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom with WC. Short access (5 minutes walking) to the Park Exhibition Porte de Versailles ! Exposition south Comfortable bed (140cm x 190cm) Arrival et departure: 12:00pm A part of my closet in the bedroom is free so that you can tidy up your clothes. I'm reachable by e-mail. Very nice district with all commodities (public transportation, supermarket). Metro: line 12 (porte de Versailles or Convention), line 8 (Lourmel), Tramway: T2 (Porte de Versailles), T3 (Desnouettes). Bus: 39, 42 et 80. Stations VELIB and AUTOLIB just in the street. Taxis facile d'accès à Porte de Versailles. Parking place will not be available from 1st of January 2016
11532	The room is located in a bright and spacious apartment. 	Room in spacious apartment with hardwood floors and crown molding. Located between the Eiffel Tower, les Invalides and the Montparnasse Tower.  transport : 4 metro lines (lines 6, 10, 12 and 13). Many shops nearby. The room is located in a bright and spacious apartment.  Guests have access to the kitchen (hob, oven, fridge etc), the living room, the bathroom and the toilet. The area is very family trade, well connected to the heart of Paris by metro. 4 metro lines: - Line 10 (Segur) - Line 6 (Sevre Lecourbe) - Line 12 (Voluntary) - Line 13 (Duroc, 10 minutes walk) Several stations of Vélib in the area.
11533	Grande Terrasse aménagée. Transats, Table, Parasol, Chaises, Fauteuils, Canapé	Grande Terrasse aménagée. Transats, Table, Parasol, Chaises, Fauteuils, Canapé Accès a tous les équipements du logement  Echanges Possibles Champs de Mars Tour Eiffel. Central. Bus, Métro, Taxis et Vélib. Tous commerces autour de l''immeuble ouverts tous les jours, dimanches compris. Metro Motte Piquet Grenelle ou Dupleix (Lignes 6 - 8 - 10) - Bus (80/42/69) - Velib - Taxis N'hésitez pas à poser vos questions...
11534		Charming apartment in the 15th arrondissement within a safe and secure building, just 3 minutes away from the lively rue du Commerce.  In this cozy, old French style apartment, you will have access to all needed amenities for your stay.
11535	"I offer to rent a flat of standing located in the heart of the famous 16th district, the most exclusive and prestigious neighborhood of Paris Located on the ninth floor (with 2 elevators) of a building located in front of the Seine, this 95 square meter (1022 Sq Ft) flat is quite bright and elegant, along with modern facilities The capacity of lodging of the apartment is up to 6 people SPECIFICATIONS :  -Kitchen with an opened counter fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove. -One big living-room with a 42"" LED TV with international channels and Free Wi Fi access - -3 bedrooms with different design : “Safari” bedroom with a double size bed, “Romantic” bedroom with a double size bed, “Modern” bedroom with a double size bed (we changed the bed for more confort in February 2015) -Bathroom with bath tub.  We added a shower curtain in February 2015.  -Bed Linen and towels  provided - Hair dryer upon request -Separate toilet.  LOCA"	"I offer to rent a flat of standing located in the heart of the famous 16th district, the most exclusive and prestigious neighborhood of Paris Located on the ninth floor (with 2 elevators) of a building located in front of the Seine, this 95 square meter (1022 Sq Ft) flat is quite bright and elegant, along with modern facilities The capacity of lodging of the apartment is up to 6 people SPECIFICATIONS :  -Kitchen with an opened counter fully equipped with dishwasher, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove. -One big living-room with a 42"" LED TV with international channels and Free Wi Fi access - -3 bedrooms with different design : “Safari” bedroom with a double size bed, “Romantic” bedroom with a double size bed, “Modern” bedroom with a double size bed (we changed the bed for more confort in February 2015) -Bathroom with bath tub.  We added a shower curtain in February 2015.  -Bed Linen and towels  provided - Hair dryer upon request -Separate toilet.  LOCA"
11536	I rent a nice private bedroom in a 70m2 secured apartment for tourists or random visitors for short terms only.    The apt is located in a very nice and safe area of Paris, at a 5 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower  and from rue de Commerce, place to do all kinds of shopping! The room has carpet floor. It's equipped with double bed 140x190 (2 spots). Clean Bed linen are provided. Please note that linen are not ironed. Apartment situation: 2nd floor, with elevator. Outside: Parks, stores, supermarkets, restaurants, bars... Appartment fully equipped with kitchen, bathroom and large living room, with broadband/wifi Internet access This is an apartment sharing. I am happy to interact with guests but I respect their privacy at 100%. 3 lines of metro plus several buses. walking distance from touristic hotpots If interested, please send a brief description of yourself and the purpose of your stay in Paris.  Don't hesitate if you have any question!	I rent a nice private bedroom (double bed)  in a large apartment for tourists or random visitors for short terms only. The flat is very well located in a very nice and safe area of Paris, at a 5 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. I rent a nice private bedroom in a 70m2 secured apartment for tourists or random visitors for short terms only.    The apt is located in a very nice and safe area of Paris, at a 5 min walking distance from the Eiffel Tower  and from rue de Commerce, place to do all kinds of shopping! The room has carpet floor. It's equipped with double bed 140x190 (2 spots). Clean Bed linen are provided. Please note that linen are not ironed. Apartment situation: 2nd floor, with elevator. Outside: Parks, stores, supermarkets, restaurants, bars... Appartment fully equipped with kitchen, bathroom and large living room, with broadband/wifi Internet access This is an apartment sharing. I am happy to interact with guests but I respect their privacy at 100%. 3 lines of metr
11537	"I am keen on hosting young people, to enable them to stay in a great area to visit Paris, according to their budget. This self-catering accomodation is at 800 metres walking distance from Eiffel Tower, in the heart of a typically Parisian neighborhood life. You will live in this privileged and select environment without breaking the bank! :-) The Arc de Triomphe - Champs Elysées is directly accessible by subway, 8 minutes. This ""place to be"" will introduce you to the life of a Parisian ""bourgeois"" and discover the flavors of French cuisine : Cheese maker ""Elected best cheese worker of France"" is on the corner! The gardener exclaims on the barge announce the promotion of the day, the fishmonger offers his fresh catch of the morning, taking his ease on the pavement. All amenities are just around the corner. On Saturday mornings, it is full on pedestrian streets! The pleasure felt to find you in this relaxed atmosphere is guaranteed :-) On Wednesdays & Sundays, you will find at the market"	"Exceptionally well located in Eiffel Tower area Take a look on the map! I am keen on hosting young people, to enable them to stay in a great area to visit Paris, according to their budget. This self-catering accomodation is at 800 metres walking distance from Eiffel Tower, in the heart of a typically Parisian neighborhood life. You will live in this privileged and select environment without breaking the bank! :-) The Arc de Triomphe - Champs Elysées is directly accessible by subway, 8 minutes. This ""place to be"" will introduce you to the life of a Parisian ""bourgeois"" and discover the flavors of French cuisine : Cheese maker ""Elected best cheese worker of France"" is on the corner! The gardener exclaims on the barge announce the promotion of the day, the fishmonger offers his fresh catch of the morning, taking his ease on the pavement. All amenities are just around the corner. On Saturday mornings, it is full on pedestrian streets! The pleasure felt to find you in this relaxed atmospher"
11538		Appartement lumineux, très agréable dans un immeuble Haussmanien. Au 6ème étage sans ascenseur avec 2 balcons avec vues. A une minute à pied de la station de métro convention. L'appartement comprorte une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un canapé lit.
11539	Are you more the Agricultural Fair type or the Golf Show type? Do you prefer Riverboat sightseeing or a night at the Opera? Regardless of the motive of your stay, our apartment will offer the full necessary comfort you need to relax after having spent the day wandering through the capital!  Its location between the Eiffel Tower and Porte de Versailles (where all the biggest shows and trade fairs take place), as well as the line 8 metro close by (which directly serves the Parisian city centre), will enable you to combine business with pleasure without losing time in transportation.  It is the ideal flat for 4 people thanks to its two spacious and carpeted bedrooms (one with a double bed and the other with twin beds), which share a bathroom with white earthenware. Located on the third floor, in the curved angle of a beautiful Parisian building, the sitting/dining room is a very bright room thanks to large bay windows. Have a seat in front of the flat screen TV, under the elegant moulding	Spacious 2-bedroom apartment in a peaceful and safe neighbourhood, between the Eiffel Tower and Porte de Versailles, ideal to mix the visit of a trade fair and tourist attractions. Are you more the Agricultural Fair type or the Golf Show type? Do you prefer Riverboat sightseeing or a night at the Opera? Regardless of the motive of your stay, our apartment will offer the full necessary comfort you need to relax after having spent the day wandering through the capital!  Its location between the Eiffel Tower and Porte de Versailles (where all the biggest shows and trade fairs take place), as well as the line 8 metro close by (which directly serves the Parisian city centre), will enable you to combine business with pleasure without losing time in transportation.  It is the ideal flat for 4 people thanks to its two spacious and carpeted bedrooms (one with a double bed and the other with twin beds), which share a bathroom with white earthenware. Located on the third floor, in the curved angl
11540	"Lovely and large 1 bedroom apartment on ground floor. Very quiet and bright. The apartment is well laid out, star shaped, there is no loss of space. The living room gives south on a small and quiet one-way street. It offers a brand new sofa bed with a real matress. The bedroom overlooks on a court, it has a great new queen size bed, with also a new and firm mattress, and a closet with storage for your wardrobe. The kitchen is practical and complete, and the apartment offers also a comfortable bathroom with a large tub. Sheets and towels are included. I live in this apartment alone with my really nice cat Mirou (if you are a cat lover, it may keep you company, otherwise, it can moove out with me), but a couple or two persons can easily manage, since the 2 rooms are well insulated from each other. The neighborhood where I live is called ""village Saint Charles"" and it is one of the most charming and shopping streets of the 15th arrondissement. In addition to its many shops, restaurants an"	"Lovely and large 1 bedroom apartment on ground floor. Very quiet and bright. The apartment is well laid out, star shaped, there is no loss of space. The living room gives south on a small and quiet one-way street. It offers a brand new sofa bed with a real matress. The bedroom overlooks on a court, it has a great new queen size bed, with also a new and firm mattress, and a closet with storage for your wardrobe. The kitchen is practical and complete, and the apartment offers also a comfortable bathroom with a large tub. Sheets and towels are included. I live in this apartment alone with my really nice cat Mirou (if you are a cat lover, it may keep you company, otherwise, it can moove out with me), but a couple or two persons can easily manage, since the 2 rooms are well insulated from each other. The neighborhood where I live is called ""village Saint Charles"" and it is one of the most charming and shopping streets of the 15th arrondissement. In addition to its many shops, restaurants an"
11541	"30 square meters cosy apartment at 6th floor in a very quiet building, with sight on the typical roofs of Paris. Close to the Eiffel Tower and rue du commerce (metro La Motte Picquet Grenelle).  In the neighborhood you will find some coffee shops, restaurants, 2 bakeries and a cheap grocery shop down. There is a fruits and vegetables market every wednesday and sunday boulevard de Grenelle. You can walk to the Eiffel Tower and nice park ""Champs de Mars"" (5 min) and rely the center of Paris very easily thanks to metro lines (10 for Saint Germain des Prés, 8 for Grands Magasins and Opéra, 6 to Champs-Elysées, and RER C to Château de Versailles). The apartment is located at last floor of a building located at the end of a courtyard. Meaning it is under a typical parisian roof: very bright and peaceful. There is a lift. The flat is made of 2 rooms. The living room is cosy  and silent with an open kitchen separated by a wall. You will find all the furnitures you need to cook (except for a di"	"A 10-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower in the heart of a living (cafes, restaurant, shops, markets ...), quiet 2-room Parisian (parquet floor, overlooking the rooftops of Paris ...), district well connected (3 metro lines 1 and RER to Versailles), co 30 square meters cosy apartment at 6th floor in a very quiet building, with sight on the typical roofs of Paris. Close to the Eiffel Tower and rue du commerce (metro La Motte Picquet Grenelle).  In the neighborhood you will find some coffee shops, restaurants, 2 bakeries and a cheap grocery shop down. There is a fruits and vegetables market every wednesday and sunday boulevard de Grenelle. You can walk to the Eiffel Tower and nice park ""Champs de Mars"" (5 min) and rely the center of Paris very easily thanks to metro lines (10 for Saint Germain des Prés, 8 for Grands Magasins and Opéra, 6 to Champs-Elysées, and RER C to Château de Versailles). The apartment is located at last floor of a building located at the end of a courtyard. Meaning it"
11542	We just moved to this apartment with my roommate, it's all renovated. It has the charm of the Parisian architecture with a freeston façade.	Hello, I just moved with my roommate in a nice apartment on the 15th (the decoration is still in process :) ).  Because of my job I am often traveling and I rent my room -- We just moved to this apartment with my roommate, it's all renovated. It has the charm of the Parisian architecture with a freeston façade. My roommate is a very charming person. He is an intern in an investing bank and can advice you on good places to visit or restaurants to explore.
11543	L'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue et est donc très calme à toute heure.  Très lumineux, orienté sud.  Accés internet très haut débit (fibre), wifi disponibles gratuitement.   Cuisine équipée, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, machine à laver. Confortable canapé-lit, (jusqu'à 2 personnes) Salle de bain avec douche et lavabo.  Toilettes séparées. ___ The apartment does not face the street and is very quiet at all times . Very bright , facing south . Internet access high speed broadband (fiber) , wifi free.  Fully equipped kitchen, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine. Comfortable sofa bed (up to 2 people) Bathroom with shower and sink. Separate toilet.	Studio agréable à vivre appartement ne donne pas sur la rue et est donc très calme à toute heure. Très lumineux, orienté sud. Proches toutes commodités et transports, agréable pour découvrir la vie parisienne! L'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue et est donc très calme à toute heure.  Très lumineux, orienté sud.  Accés internet très haut débit (fibre), wifi disponibles gratuitement.   Cuisine équipée, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, machine à laver. Confortable canapé-lit, (jusqu'à 2 personnes) Salle de bain avec douche et lavabo.  Toilettes séparées. ___ The apartment does not face the street and is very quiet at all times . Very bright , facing south . Internet access high speed broadband (fiber) , wifi free.  Fully equipped kitchen, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine. Comfortable sofa bed (up to 2 people) Bathroom with shower and sink. Separate toilet. Entrée privée sur couloir de droite, deuxième étage par escalier. ___ Private entrance hallway on the right, second floor by stair
11544	High up on the sixteenth floor in the Parisian borough of Vaugirard is La Panoramique, an extraordinary penthouse that lives up to its name with stunning panoramic views of Paris and its quintessential landmark, the Eiffel Tower. Situated in a chic and modern building operated by a concierge, La Panoramique can accommodate groups of up to eight. Enjoy the most romantic city in the world in both style and comfort at La Panoramique, while being located in proximity to all cultural and commercial points of interest that the City of Light offers. Guests staying at La Panoramique revel in the conveniences afforded to them during the whole of their stay. A modern lift and daily housekeeping visits help to make the day run smoothly. A cinema room is equipped to entertain guests for those cozy nights spent in. An office with bureau, telephone, answering machine, fax machine and Wi-Fi has been prepared for those on ‘working vacations.’ This penthouse features a minimalist decor style and the wa	High up on the sixteenth floor in the Parisian borough of Vaugirard is La Panoramique, an extraordinary penthouse that lives up to its name with stunning panoramic views of Paris and its quintessential landmark, the Eiffel Tower. High up on the sixteenth floor in the Parisian borough of Vaugirard is La Panoramique, an extraordinary penthouse that lives up to its name with stunning panoramic views of Paris and its quintessential landmark, the Eiffel Tower. Situated in a chic and modern building operated by a concierge, La Panoramique can accommodate groups of up to eight. Enjoy the most romantic city in the world in both style and comfort at La Panoramique, while being located in proximity to all cultural and commercial points of interest that the City of Light offers. Guests staying at La Panoramique revel in the conveniences afforded to them during the whole of their stay. A modern lift and daily housekeeping visits help to make the day run smoothly. A cinema room is equipped to enter
11545	Beau studio entièrement rénové composé d'une entrée, jolie salle de bain, cuisine ainsi qu'une chambre principale avec cheminée. Studio lumineux,calme (donne sur une cour) et confortable avec une cuisine toute équipée (machine à laver, frigo, micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, plaque de cuisson au gaz). la chambre est équipée d'un vrai lit deux places (literie de qualité), canapé, table basse, table à manger avec deux chaises, TV LED, chauffage central. Linge de maison: draps et serviettes. Sèche cheveux. ce studio est au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur. TRANSPORTS :  - Station Vélib au pied de l'immeuble  -Entre Métro Félix et Boucicaut (ligne 8) Tour Eiffel 20 min à pied Rue de commerce à 5 min (shopping) Nombreux commerces sont disponibles dans l'avenue Felix Faure ainsi que des restaurants pour profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne. 	Beau studio entièrement rénové composé d'une entrée, jolie salle de bain, cuisine ainsi qu'une chambre principale avec cheminée. Studio lumineux,calme (donne sur une cour) et confortable avec une cuisine toute équipée (machine à laver, frigo, micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire, plaque de cuisson au gaz). la chambre est équipée d'un vrai lit deux places (literie de qualité), canapé, table basse, table à manger avec deux chaises, TV LED, chauffage central. Linge de maison: draps et serviettes. Sèche cheveux. ce studio est au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur. TRANSPORTS :  - Station Vélib au pied de l'immeuble  -Entre Métro Félix et Boucicaut (ligne 8) Tour Eiffel 20 min à pied Rue de commerce à 5 min (shopping) Nombreux commerces sont disponibles dans l'avenue Felix Faure ainsi que des restaurants pour profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne. 
11546	Cet appartement confortable de 39 m² est situé Rue Du Docteur Roux, dans un quartier animé du 15ième arrondissement de Paris. Composé de 2 pièces dont 1 chambre, cet appartement en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Cet appartement très lumineux et calme, bénéficie d'une vue sur La tour Eiffel.	Typically parisian flat, wooden floor, fire places, view of the Eiffel Tower. Live the Parisian way!  Appartement typiquement parisien, parquet, cheminées, vue Tour Eiffel. Vivez l'expérience parisienne! Cet appartement confortable de 39 m² est situé Rue Du Docteur Roux, dans un quartier animé du 15ième arrondissement de Paris. Composé de 2 pièces dont 1 chambre, cet appartement en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Cet appartement très lumineux et calme, bénéficie d'une vue sur La tour Eiffel. Parfaitement desservi par les transports en commun parisiens (Volontaires/M 12, Pasteur/M 6, M 12).
11547	Pratique, chaleureux et au calme mais à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des quartiers sympas, sans parler de la proximité du Metro et de la seine :)	Ce Studio très confortable et fonctionnel disposant d'une terrasse vous permettra de passer un agréable et calme séjour à 15 min de la Tour Eiffel et à proximité du centre Beaugrenelle et de la Seine. Metro et commerces à proximité. Pratique, chaleureux et au calme mais à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des quartiers sympas, sans parler de la proximité du Metro et de la seine :) tout, même le gel douche :D Accueil de/des hôtes avec le sourire :) Le Village du 15 ème :) Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars, Beaugrenelle, Rue du Commerce, Quai de Seine !!!! Metro, Farniente, Dodo. La ligne à deux pas du studio connecte l'ensemble des Quartiers Sympas de Paris (ligne 8 et 10)
11548	The flat is really luminous and well outfitted. The living room is really big and nice, you will feel good to have some rest their on one of the 2 sofa or to eat or watch TV. You can live as a parisian because the flat is located in a Haussmannien style building at the first floor. Obviously you have an elevator.  Ideal location, the neigborhood is very attractive and  nice.	Really charming flat where you can live as a real parisian. You will have exceptional condition to live. The flat is really adorable and comfortable. you will feel good. Ideal location you have an easy acces (5 min by foot) to go to the Eiffel Tower. The flat is really luminous and well outfitted. The living room is really big and nice, you will feel good to have some rest their on one of the 2 sofa or to eat or watch TV. You can live as a parisian because the flat is located in a Haussmannien style building at the first floor. Obviously you have an elevator.  Ideal location, the neigborhood is very attractive and  nice. You will have the acces to the entire flat We are available to give you any information and help you for any problem. Good advisor. The neighborhood is really amazing.  You will find everything. Important shops are near from the flat: a bakery, marketplace, a good Troquet in front of the flat. If you want to go far from the flat: the metro station is located only at 1m
11549		Located in the heart of a secure and family 15th District of Paris, this bright and quiet studio features a satellite, flat-screen TV and an equipped kitchen. The studio has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet. Free Wi-Fi access is provided. 
11550	Il donne sur La Ruche qui est une cité d'artistes où ont vécu Chagall,Soutine,etc,et où vivent encore de grands artistes comme Barelier et Ernest Pignon Ernest.	Appartement 4 pièces traversant 83m2 3chambres,1 double living,1 salle de bain ,1 salle d'eau,WC séparé,cuisine .Refait à neuf .Parquet Clair,calme,donnant sur  verdure. 4 à 6 personnes.  Proche transports,commerces,parc Idéal famille 2 à 3 enfants Il donne sur La Ruche qui est une cité d'artistes où ont vécu Chagall,Soutine,etc,et où vivent encore de grands artistes comme Barelier et Ernest Pignon Ernest. Métro,tram,bus OUI Je serai absente du logement pendant leur séjour Parc Georges Brassens,commerces,marché 3 fois par semaine,transports,cafés,restaurant,assez proche de sortie de Paris,coulée verte métro,bus,tram premier étage,ascenseur
11551	Bonjour, je loue un grand studio de 34m2 avec : une entrée, un espace chambre (grand lit) et un espace salon canapé convertible, une cuisine équipée et séparée et une salle de bain avec douche.  L'appartement a été refait à neuf récemment.  Métros proches : convention L12, plaisance L13,  bus 62, 95, 89 Boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble, quartier commerçant. Proche du grand parc Georges Brassens, parc des expositions, montparnasse.  A 30 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et de Saint Germain des Pres.  	Bonjour, je loue un grand studio de 34m2 avec : une entrée, un espace chambre (grand lit) et un espace salon canapé convertible, une cuisine équipée et séparée et une salle de bain avec douche.  L'appartement a été refait à neuf récemment.  Métros proches : convention L12, plaisance L13,  bus 62, 95, 89 Boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble, quartier commerçant. Proche du grand parc Georges Brassens, parc des expositions, montparnasse.  A 30 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et de Saint Germain des Pres.   Pas de cigarette et animaux, accès à tout l'appartement J'habite à Paris donc je suis disponible Quartier sympa et animé Bus, métro
11552	Calme, sur cour, au rez de chaussée.  Il est fonctionnel et bien équipé. Plaques électriques, machine à laver, micro-onde, téléviseur, internet sans fil (Wifi), linge de maison fourni. Salle de bain séparée. Location pour 3 nuits minimums 	Au coeur de Paris (15eme arrondissement), dans un quartier très vivant, dynamique et commerçant (rue du Commerce), à deux pas du métro. Charmant studio de 13M2, tout équipé. Calme, sur cour, au rez de chaussée.  Il est fonctionnel et bien équipé. Plaques électriques, machine à laver, micro-onde, téléviseur, internet sans fil (Wifi), linge de maison fourni. Salle de bain séparée. Location pour 3 nuits minimums Vous apprécierez les commerces de proximité. (Primeurs, Boucherie, Traiteur, Fromagerie, Caviste, Prêt à porter).   A deux pas du métro,  Station commerce(L8) ou Avenue Emile Zola(L10) à 2mn. 
11553	Some informations on my flat for a great stay My flat is SHARED, SHARED  ( I only sleep there one night per week, on Friday!) It is not a hotel, its a very nice parisian flat My classy building was build in 1882, and has a garden. When you wake up you can hear the birds sing. Its very quiet and centrally located  Most of the time I am not here I do not sleep in my flat (except on some Fridays) , so my large apartment  is for you alone  ! ( If I come, its around 11am to pick up my mail, water my plants and do computer work and leave)  Anyway, when  I come I will RING at the door ! If you like  travels, appreciate collecting art pieces, old books, history manuscrit, minerals and rare things You will love my flat!  I am a passionate of art, yoga, foreign culture and history In a 70 square meters apartment with a lot of light (3 windows facing South)  You will have around 30 m2 private bedroom with TWO closed doors for your privacy and a private bathtub & shower.  I have a bed for two pers	My flat is in a very safe and popular district Some informations on my flat for a great stay My flat is SHARED, SHARED  ( I only sleep there one night per week, on Friday!) It is not a hotel, its a very nice parisian flat My classy building was build in 1882, and has a garden. When you wake up you can hear the birds sing. Its very quiet and centrally located  Most of the time I am not here I do not sleep in my flat (except on some Fridays) , so my large apartment  is for you alone  ! ( If I come, its around 11am to pick up my mail, water my plants and do computer work and leave)  Anyway, when  I come I will RING at the door ! If you like  travels, appreciate collecting art pieces, old books, history manuscrit, minerals and rare things You will love my flat!  I am a passionate of art, yoga, foreign culture and history In a 70 square meters apartment with a lot of light (3 windows facing South)  You will have around 30 m2 private bedroom with TWO closed doors for your privacy and a priva
11554	 Dernier étage, Paris 15ème, baies vitrées plein sud, balcon au sud, avec vue dégagée sur la Seine. - Une chambre avec la vue, l'autre coté cour au calme. - Grande cuisine lumineuse juste à côté du salon	Quiet, nearby Pont Mirabeau, beautiful view on Seine. Close to Eiffel Tower (1,5km) Close to Saint Charles area. RER C, Subway #10 and bus #88/62/42. Wide choice of restaurants. French bakery. Public swimming pool. Several parks for children. Dernier étage, Paris 15ème, baies vitrées plein sud, balcon au sud, avec vue dégagée sur la Seine. - Une chambre avec la vue, l'autre coté cour au calme. - Grande cuisine lumineuse juste à côté du salon Utilisation possible du lave-vaisselle, de la machine à laver, de la TV avec freebox wi fi. Go for a run (or a walk) to the Eiffel Tower by Quai de la Seine nearby, or in Parc André Citroën. In Parc André Citroën you can take a ride in a balloon and enyoy the view of Paris from above. You can also just sit down in a bus, and enjoy the journey to visit Paris! I love my French bakery inside my building (very convenient to get fresh croissant for breakfast), the Saint-Charles market, the small shops and bakeries on rue Saint-Charles ! A lot of Japanes
11555	Ideally located in the center of the Grenelle district, close to the Eiffel Tower, the 105 bis Bed & Breakfast can accommodate a maximum of four persons in a space of 40m2 including a room and a living room with two convertible beds; as well as a small dining room and bathroom. The flat is at the third floor in a typical blue-collar building and is provided with an elevator. No less than three subway lines can be found nearby (line 6, 8 and 10), a bus line (80) bringing you to most of the major places in Paris (La Bastille, Opéra, Quartier Latin, Champs Élysées, Sacré-Coeur, Porte de Versailles/Parc des expositions) and the RER C if you'd like to go to Château de Versailles. Furthermore, the district is quiet and full of diverse shops, cafés and restaurants. The Breakfast is served between 8 to 10 AM, and includes croissants, bread, jam, butter, honey, milk and orange juice; tea or coffee to the visitor’s convenience. 	        BnB (40m2), host included, ideally located in paris,  many transports, restaurants/cafés and shops around !       Ideally located in the center of the Grenelle district, close to the Eiffel Tower, the 105 bis Bed & Breakfast can accommodate a maximum of four persons in a space of 40m2 including a room and a living room with two convertible beds; as well as a small dining room and bathroom. The flat is at the third floor in a typical blue-collar building and is provided with an elevator. No less than three subway lines can be found nearby (line 6, 8 and 10), a bus line (80) bringing you to most of the major places in Paris (La Bastille, Opéra, Quartier Latin, Champs Élysées, Sacré-Coeur, Porte de Versailles/Parc des expositions) and the RER C if you'd like to go to Château de Versailles. Furthermore, the district is quiet and full of diverse shops, cafés and restaurants. The Breakfast is served between 8 to 10 AM, and includes croissants, bread, jam, butter, honey, milk and oran
11556	The beds in the bedroom have remote controls to tilt the head upward as well as the foot of the bed plus super comfi memory foam mattresses. You will never forget seating in the kitchen, eating your fresh croissant bought from the very close by bakery (one of!!) and admiring the Eiffel Tower at the same time. Fire place...	2 sunny and quiet rooms overlooking the courtyard. For 2/4 persons. 32m2 6th floor with a Lift. View on the Eiffel Tower. King size bed : 2X 80/200 in the Bedroom and a Sofa-bed 140/190 very comfortable in the Living room and a Fireplace you can use. The beds in the bedroom have remote controls to tilt the head upward as well as the foot of the bed plus super comfi memory foam mattresses. You will never forget seating in the kitchen, eating your fresh croissant bought from the very close by bakery (one of!!) and admiring the Eiffel Tower at the same time. Fire place... I put my personal stuff under my bed, in the right side of the fitted wardrobe in the bed room and above the intrance door. The arrival time is normally from noon.  If I'm not there, the Gardienne (hall porter) will give you the key. she's away from 1 pm to 4 pm ! She doesn't answer  after  7.30 pm. I leave at 7.30 pm to take the last train... The checking out  is normally before 10 am. All the high street shops are arou
11557	An newly renovated apartment with a beautiful decoration from recycled and new furniture. Real old parquet which creates an authentique feeling. Quiet and peaceful - with lot of light.	Clean and charming apartment in a quiet and beautiful 1920's building close to Montparnasse. Good spot to discover paris by foot (20min Tour Eiffel - 15 min to Notre-Dame.) and close connection to metro (3min to closest metro) or bus (1 min). An newly renovated apartment with a beautiful decoration from recycled and new furniture. Real old parquet which creates an authentique feeling. Quiet and peaceful - with lot of light. You have the access to the whole apartment except our bed room which we have blocked (end of the corridor after the bath room). We will be absent, but will gladly help over phone in any case of questions or trouble. Montparnasse is an interesting area historically-wise and activity-wise. Just around the corner you have the famous Villa Marie Vassileff which was a gathering point for artists and poets of the early 20th century (Picasso, Braque, Modigliani, Léger, Jacob, Cocteau, Matisse, Foujita). Edgar Quinet, just a stone throw away, resides the most famous crêperi
11558	"We have been renting this apartment to visitors and friends for years.  The comment most often made is ""It just feels like home"" and that is what we are going for - that you feel like you are home, in Paris.  "	"This 70 m2 (800 sq ft) apartment has been in my family for years. Charmingly furnished with family antiques and a modern couch, you will find comfort and coziness here.  The very comfortable bed (and a quiet bedroom) ensure a good nights sleep.    We have been renting this apartment to visitors and friends for years.  The comment most often made is ""It just feels like home"" and that is what we are going for - that you feel like you are home, in Paris.   Everything in the apartment is available for you to use.  There are a couple of locked areas with personal items but generally speaking, if you can open the drawer or the door, you are welcome to use what is there. My daughter, Alexis, lives in the building. She will be there to meet you and available should there be any problems or concerns.  Other than that, we stay out of your hair so you can have a marvelous Paris experience! I have known this neighborhood (Quartier) for most of my life.  It is known as the Village of the 15th and b"
11559		idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes en plein 15ième arrondissement dans une résidence calme. Proche des commerces et des restaurants
11560	"Appartement (72m carre, 3 pièces) dont 2 chambres dans Paris 15è à 2 pas de la rue du commerce et donnant sur la place Etienne Pernet!  avec grand salon et Balcon sur place au pied du metro Felix-Faure (L8) et de la rue du commerce.  Chambres très calmes, lumineuses  Accès WIFI! .Accès à de nombreux  commerce tous près - Ideal pour le shopping Cet appartement de 72m2 est composé :  - une première chambre avec un lit double, 2 tables de chevet et une commode. Chambre très calme  sans vis-à-vis. Une TV dans la chamber. - une deuxième chambre : avec un lit simple et possibilité matelas. Cette chambre est aussi très calme et donne sur la place - un salon / salle à manger : très lumineux avec une fenêtre et un balcon donnant sur la place.  Elle dispose de deux canapés, d'une TV avec écran plat (cable), connexion Wifi, une table basse   - une ""grand"" cuisine entièrement équipée avec four, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, bouilloire, casseroles, poeles, cocotte minute.  - une salle de d"	Appartement (72m², 3 pièces) avec 2 chambres à 2 pas de la rue du commerce, au pied du metro Felix-Faure (L8)et donnant sur la place Etienne Pernet! A 2pas de la rue du commerce et10 min de la tour eiffel Appartement (72m carre, 3 pièces) dont 2 chambres dans Paris 15è à 2 pas de la rue du commerce et donnant sur la place Etienne Pernet!  avec grand salon et Balcon sur place au pied du metro Felix-Faure (L8) et de la rue du commerce.  Chambres très calmes, lumineuses  Accès WIFI! .Accès à de nombreux  commerce tous près - Ideal pour le shopping Cet appartement de 72m2 est composé :  - une première chambre avec un lit double, 2 tables de chevet et une commode. Chambre très calme  sans vis-à-vis. Une TV dans la chamber. - une deuxième chambre : avec un lit simple et possibilité matelas. Cette chambre est aussi très calme et donne sur la place - un salon / salle à manger : très lumineux avec une fenêtre et un balcon donnant sur la place.  Elle dispose de deux canapés, d'une TV avec écran 
11561	Come and enjoy visiting Paris while relaxing in an entire flat. You will access every monuments and Paris easily by tube, by taxi, walk or cycles. 	Welcome to my flat,  2 minutes walk from the amazing Eiffel tower, I'd be happy to welcome you in my cosy studio, and make your stay the most comfortable ever by providing you with a lot of services. Come and enjoy visiting Paris while relaxing in an entire flat. You will access every monuments and Paris easily by tube, by taxi, walk or cycles. For every romantic week-end, I can propose you to welcome you with a fresh bottle of champagne or wine (at your convenience). I will offer you as well a shower gel kit from Fragonard's french perfumer (Rose, orange flower,etc...) I will welcome you at the beginning and the end of your stay, and will let you on your own in-between. I'd be happy to provide you with some maps and tour guides.  Eiffel tower is amazing by night...
11562	This apartment modernly designed, comfortable and bright is on the 7th floor with an elevator. Completely renovated in December 2013, this flat of 35m2 has all the necessary equipment you need and also a splendid view to the Eiffel Tower, especially by night. Internet (WiFi and cable), CD player, Radio and TV, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, heating, towels, linen/bed sheets, fridge, microwave, kettle/water-boiler, coffee maker, toaster, cooking utensils, cutlery, plates and glasses.  Opened for questions and  e-mails, the owner is always available for the guests. The apartment is located in the hearth of the 15th arrondissement, a modern commercial district with a center Beaugrenelle nearby with a lot of shops and restaurants. 15 min walk to the Eiffel Tower and 5 min to the river Seine, with food shops nearby and an open food market (twice a week in the street Saint Charles). 2 min from metro Charles Michels and 5 min from metro Felix Faure. Usually, the owner gives to the guest 	This apartment modernly designed, comfortable and bright is on the 7th floor with an elevator. Completely renovated in December 2013, this flat of 35m2 has all the necessary equipment you need and also a splendid view to the Eiffel Tower, especially by night. Internet (WiFi and cable), CD player, Radio and TV, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, heating, towels, linen/bed sheets, fridge, microwave, kettle/water-boiler, coffee maker, toaster, cooking utensils, cutlery, plates and glasses.  Opened for questions and  e-mails, the owner is always available for the guests. The apartment is located in the hearth of the 15th arrondissement, a modern commercial district with a center Beaugrenelle nearby with a lot of shops and restaurants. 15 min walk to the Eiffel Tower and 5 min to the river Seine, with food shops nearby and an open food market (twice a week in the street Saint Charles). 2 min from metro Charles Michels and 5 min from metro Felix Faure. Usually, the owner gives to the guest 
11563	-Vous pouvez voir les derniers étages de la Tour Eiffel depuis et salon et la cuisine. - You can see the top of the Eiffel Tower when you are in the living room & in the kitchen	"In an apartment of 57m2, a nice and clear room of 12m2. Perfect for 2 people. Building close to all transports and services. Near parc Georges Brassens. And the more important : The ""hôte"" is fantastic !!! -Vous pouvez voir les derniers étages de la Tour Eiffel depuis et salon et la cuisine. - You can see the top of the Eiffel Tower when you are in the living room & in the kitchen - Wifi / TV in the living Room / Ok for use the kitchen, computer etc... - Wifi à votre disposition / Télé dans le salon We can talk in French and English. We can take the breakfast together. I can explain all the things it is important to do in the city and how to manage the planning. Quartier populaire du 15ème. Très calme. Marché à proximité les mardi / mercredi / jeudi / vendredi / Samedi / dimanche. Pas très loin des puces de Vanves. De nombreux bars et brasseries typiquement parisiens à proximité. Tramway 3 (1min) / Bus : 80 (5 min) , 95 (5min) , 89(1min)  / Métro : L12 (5 min) & L13 (6min) Only for 5 n"
11564		Petit deux pièces dans un quartier agréable et calme, parc Georges Brassens et commerces à deux pas. Bus très proche, Tram (5min) Metro (8min)
11565	Charming 2 rooms flat on the 5th floor of a building with an elevator. Quiet. Very clean. The appartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 separed kitchen, 1 bathroom, and 1 WC (not in the bathroom). Fully equipped. Perfect for 2 persons. Can accommodate 4 persons thanks to the sofa bed in the living room. Charmant 2 pièces situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme. Très propre. L'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine séparée, 1 salle de bain et toilette séparée. Totalement équipé. Parfait pour 2 personnes. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes grâce au canapé lit du salon. Idéalement situé en plein coeur du 15ème arrondissement.	Charming 2 rooms flat. 5th floor. Elevator. Nice area with restaurants, shops. Eiffel Tower nearby. Charmant 2 pièces. 5ème étage. Ascenseur. Proche restaurants, tous commerces, Tour Eiffel. Charming 2 rooms flat on the 5th floor of a building with an elevator. Quiet. Very clean. The appartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 separed kitchen, 1 bathroom, and 1 WC (not in the bathroom). Fully equipped. Perfect for 2 persons. Can accommodate 4 persons thanks to the sofa bed in the living room. Charmant 2 pièces situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme. Très propre. L'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine séparée, 1 salle de bain et toilette séparée. Totalement équipé. Parfait pour 2 personnes. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes grâce au canapé lit du salon. Idéalement situé en plein coeur du 15ème arrondissement. Main features: - Queen bed really comfortable. - Sofa bed (2 persons). - Table with 4 chairs. - TV with cable access. - Wifi. - Fully equipped
11566		Nouveau: 3 pièces clair, cuisine US +balcon. Dans quartier  bobo/vivant, restaurants, boulangerie à 200 m Literie très confortable Ligne 8 du métro à 50 mètres (Lourmel):Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées en 10/15 mn 
11567	Paris 15th, 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower. New Beaugrenelle shopping center is nearby. Porte de Versailles Exhibition Center is close too. 2 rooms with double bed in each. Large living room (TV, wifi, hifi). Fully equipped kitchen. Paris 15th, 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower, visible from the apartment.   Located in the Convention/Commerce area, close to subway Félix Faure Station (Line 8).  New Beaugrenelle shopping center is nearby. From there, it is easy to shop traditional (Market Convention, shopping street)  or luxury (Beaugrenelle center), department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps) by subway Opera station on line 8.  The apartment on the 6th floor with elevator is lighted, with open view.  It is large (about 100 square meters). Balconies allow smokers to satisfy their irresistible inclinations.  The minimum stay is 4 nights. Paris 15th, 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower, visible from the apartment.   Located in the Convention/Commerce area, close to subway Félix Faure Station (Line 8	15 Paris , 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower. Close New Center Beaugrenelle  and Palais des Expositions Porte de Versailles. 2 bedrooms with double bed . Large living room (TV , wifi, hifi) . Fully equipped kitchen. Paris 15th, 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower. New Beaugrenelle shopping center is nearby. Porte de Versailles Exhibition Center is close too. 2 rooms with double bed in each. Large living room (TV, wifi, hifi). Fully equipped kitchen. Paris 15th, 10 minutes to Eiffel Tower, visible from the apartment.   Located in the Convention/Commerce area, close to subway Félix Faure Station (Line 8).  New Beaugrenelle shopping center is nearby. From there, it is easy to shop traditional (Market Convention, shopping street)  or luxury (Beaugrenelle center), department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps) by subway Opera station on line 8.  The apartment on the 6th floor with elevator is lighted, with open view.  It is large (about 100 square meters). Balconies allow smokers to satisfy their irr
11568	Vous trouverez également à disposition les jouets de mes enfants ainsi qu'une xbox One. 	An apartment typically Parisian, near the Effeil Tower and the metro.
11569	Idéalement situé pour toute personne souhaitant visiter Paris. 	15e arrondissement. Stations de métro Commerce ,Félix Faure (ligne 8) et La motte piquet grenelle (ligne 6). Plusieurs commerces à proximité (supermarchés, boulangeries,cafés ...).  Très ensoleillé et peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Idéalement situé pour toute personne souhaitant visiter Paris.  Plusieurs commerces à proximité(Supermarchés, cafés et restaurants). Les stations de métro les plus proches sont Commerce et Félix Faure. 
11570	Apartment is on the seventh floor of an classical Parisien Building, which comes with a nice view. (the building has no elevator)	"The room is in an 2 bedrooms shared apartment, that is located on the seventh floor, with a gorgeous paris view, it is close to 3 metro line,  this apartment is walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and river Seine. Apartment is on the seventh floor of an classical Parisien Building, which comes with a nice view. (the building has no elevator) One closed bedrooms with double bed, nice open living room and kitchen If the guess have questions we would be glad to answer them. Nice and safe Neighbourhood, lots of café and good restaurant, 5 min walk to the eiffel tower, and other tourist destinations. The apartment is right on the animated place Cambronne"" Extremely Convenient, 3 metro lines (8, 6, 10) which will get you anywhere you want in Paris, bus 80 that will get you to Montmartes  The apartment is shared with a couple"
11571	1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bedroom, 1 WC/bathroom, 1 small balcony. Surface : 43+ sqm The bedroom has one double bed and the possibility to add an extra mattress for a third person.	On the second floor (with lift) of a nice traditional parisian building, this entirely furnished  flat is located in a quiet residential area, a few minutes away from all major tourist attractions 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bedroom, 1 WC/bathroom, 1 small balcony. Surface : 43+ sqm The bedroom has one double bed and the possibility to add an extra mattress for a third person. For your comfort and privacy, you will have access to the entire flat. This means there are no common or shared areas. The flat has a microwave, a coffee machine, a stove, a boiler, tea, pans, a TV, wifi, towels, sheets, etc. Near to all amenities, on foot (approx.): -2 minutes from Underground station « Lourmel » (M8 line - see details below) -4 minutes from Underground station « Portes de Versailles » (M12 line, tramway T2 and T3a line – see details below) -10 minutes from train station « Pont du Garigliano » (RER C line to Versailles – see details below) -Vélib and Autolib station at the foot of the building  
11572	L'appartement de style typique haussmannien, avec parquet et moulures au plafond, se situe dans un quartier bien fréquenté (Montparnasse/Invalides/Tour Eiffel) et bien desservi par les transports en commun. A bientôt !	L'appartement de style typique haussmannien, avec parquet et moulures au plafond, se situe dans un quartier bien fréquenté (Montparnasse/Invalides/Tour Eiffel) et bien desservi par les transports en commun. A bientôt ! Ma colocataire sera disponible pour vous accueillir et vous renseigner durant votre weekend dans la capitale
11573		 Quartier: Eiffel-Trocadéro  Nombre de personnes pouvant loger dans l'appartement:2 Situation: Rue Alasseur Beau studio de 23 m2 disposant d'un balcon, d'une salle de bain, d'un coin cuisine et d'un véritable lit!
11574	Located in a charming and lively neighborhood, a very parisian apartment. The bedroom is quiet and luminous and overlooks a courtyard. A large walk in closet and a bathroom with shower brings all the confort. The living room with 2 comfy sofa and a desk is attached to a large open kitchen, fully equiped, with a dining area. Washing machine, Dishwasher, WiFi internet and TV. Very close to public transportation (subway station Commerce, bus). Restaurants, shops, market in the street. 	Located in a charming and lively neighborhood, a very parisian apartment. The bedroom is quiet and luminous and overlooks a courtyard. A large walk in closet and a bathroom with shower brings all the confort. The living room with 2 comfy sofa and a desk is attached to a large open kitchen, fully equiped, with a dining area. Washing machine, Dishwasher, WiFi internet and TV. Very close to public transportation (subway station Commerce, bus). Restaurants, shops, market in the street. 
11575	Nice place and close to Eiffel tower, Saint Germain des Près	Deux pièces dans le 15 e face au parc Georges Brassens proche métro Convention (L12)  Refait à neuf 1 chambre et canapé convertible cuisine équipée. L'appartement est situé dans un immeuble art déco. Quartier commerçant et marché 3 fois par semaine nombreux commerces de proximité. Nice place and close to Eiffel tower, Saint Germain des Près Wifi Hello, welcome in my flat! If you're in my home that means I'm in holidays or gone for the weekend  . Enjoy  ! A friend of mine will welcome you Idéal pour faire le marché de la Convention et les nombreux commerces de proximité.  Close to Eiffel tower and 15 minutes from heart of Paris by tube. Quiet place in a art déco building. Market 3 /week Ligne 12 convention. bus 95 et 89 au pied de l'immeuble
11576	Located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building equipped with a lift. Two gates with door codes will secure the building access. All the French windows are double-glazed, they open on a 6-meter continuous balcony that overlooks the Rue d’Ouessant. You will enter the building from the Rue de Pondichéry though. This typical Parisian 39 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated end of 2013. It has a separate bedroom and will suit up to two adults and a child. The entrance corridor opens on the charming and cozy living-room. It has been furnished with armchairs, a coffee table and a low sofa-bed. This fabric couch folds out into an occasional single bed of 120×190. Even if it is larger than a regular single bed, it will be suitable for a child only. The dining table will accommodate two guests. The French windows (double-glazed) open on a continous balcony. When the weather will allow it, a small table will be installed on the balcony so you can enjoy having your breakfast ou	Charming 39 sqm 1-bedroom to rent near the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Classical Parisian nest for a couple (with or without a child) with the comfort you can expect from an apartment renovated in December 2013. Located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building equipped with a lift. Two gates with door codes will secure the building access. All the French windows are double-glazed, they open on a 6-meter continuous balcony that overlooks the Rue d’Ouessant. You will enter the building from the Rue de Pondichéry though. This typical Parisian 39 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated end of 2013. It has a separate bedroom and will suit up to two adults and a child. The entrance corridor opens on the charming and cozy living-room. It has been furnished with armchairs, a coffee table and a low sofa-bed. This fabric couch folds out into an occasional single bed of 120×190. Even if it is larger than a regular single bed, it will be suitable for a child only. The dining table will a
11577		Studio avec un lit double en mezzanine et un lit simple   25min a pied de la Tour Effeil  Proche du métro Lourmel, face à un supermarché G-20 proche de nombreux commerces. Calme et comfortable 
11578		Je loue une chambre lumineuse meublée (lit 2 places, bureau, rangements), parquet, un grand miroir, une cheminée et un piano. L'appartement dispose d' un salon, WC et SDB (petite) et internet. Paris XV métro 2 min
11579	Charming little Studio 15m² situated in the 15 district of Paris near the Eiffel Tower. Next to the subway, tramway station, only 5 stations to Champs-Elysées. You can have a nice walk until The Eiffel Tower or a ride with a bike on the bank of the Seine; you got also the lively street with all the shops, restaurants, supermarkets and banks. The studio has:  1 convertible couch - fits 2 people  1 table  2 chairs  Internet Clean sheets and towels for all guests Private bathroom (shower+toilet) The studio is on the 5st floor, and there is a lift. This is a very safe and family friendly neighborhood.  If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. I'll be glad to answer to all your questions. It will be a pleasure to give you all kind information and Parisian tips We speak French English and Russian. Moreover we have possibility to provide you with a transport in both ways to the airport. The tariff are: CDG - Studio = 45€ (Studio - CDG = 45€) Orly - Studio = 35€ (Studio - Orly = 35€	Formidable Studette in Paris 15 Charming little Studio 15m² situated in the 15 district of Paris near the Eiffel Tower. Next to the subway, tramway station, only 5 stations to Champs-Elysées. You can have a nice walk until The Eiffel Tower or a ride with a bike on the bank of the Seine; you got also the lively street with all the shops, restaurants, supermarkets and banks. The studio has:  1 convertible couch - fits 2 people  1 table  2 chairs  Internet Clean sheets and towels for all guests Private bathroom (shower+toilet) The studio is on the 5st floor, and there is a lift. This is a very safe and family friendly neighborhood.  If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. I'll be glad to answer to all your questions. It will be a pleasure to give you all kind information and Parisian tips We speak French English and Russian. Moreover we have possibility to provide you with a transport in both ways to the airport. The tariff are: CDG - Studio = 45€ (Studio - CDG = 45€) Orly - S
11580	Very nice and classy appartement in a building 'art deco' 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, the flat is enjoying a nice sightseeing on the Seine River. The apartment is ideal for a family, [110 m²] with a gorgeous living room [40 m²]. 2 bedrooms, one with a king size bed and the other one with a bunk bed.  2 bathrooms : one with a shower and the other one with bathtub.  Enjoy the balcony during the sunny afternoons! Next to the subway, 'Javel André Citroën' and bus lines Delightfull and quiet area.  Towels and sheets provided 	Very nice and classy appartement in a building 'art deco' 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, the flat is enjoying a nice sightseeing on the Seine River. The apartment is ideal for a family, [110 m²] with a gorgeous living room [40 m²]. 2 bedrooms, one with a king size bed and the other one with a bunk bed.  2 bathrooms : one with a shower and the other one with bathtub.  Enjoy the balcony during the sunny afternoons! Next to the subway, 'Javel André Citroën' and bus lines Delightfull and quiet area.  Towels and sheets provided 
11581	Four, télévision, machine à laver, lecteur DVD  neufs. Rangements très spacieux. Piano pour les musiciens. Immeuble très bien entretenu. 	Studio de 27 m2 situé dans une rue calme du 15ème arrondissement de paris. A 15 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Immeuble de bon standing avec un voisinage familial. Convient parfaitement pour un couple. Four, télévision, machine à laver, lecteur DVD  neufs. Rangements très spacieux. Piano pour les musiciens. Immeuble très bien entretenu. Quartier tres agréable et vivant avec de nombreux restaurants et brasseries pour tous les budgets. Parc André Citroën et bords de Seine à 15 mn. Champs de Mars à 10 mn. Invalides à 20mn. À pied évidemment... Lignes de métro 6, 10 et 8 à proximité. Stations Dupleix, La Motte Picquet Grenelle, Émile Zola. Parking Vinci à 200m. Station velib à 50m
11582	Cet appartement situé RDC d’un immeuble (avec digicode) donnant sur une petite rue calme, vous ravira, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous et comme de vrais parisiens. Idéal pour un couple.	In a convivial area, near the centre of Paris,  this studio is in the groundfloor of a peaceful building. It offers an open kitchen, a dining area, a double bed and a bathroom. All is NEW. An individual service is provided at your arrival. Cet appartement situé RDC d’un immeuble (avec digicode) donnant sur une petite rue calme, vous ravira, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous et comme de vrais parisiens. Idéal pour un couple. Vous y trouverez en entrant un coin salle à manger (avec table et chaises, pouvant servir aussi de bureau) ouvert sur la grande pièce à vivre avec un coin salon (table basse et fauteuils) et un coin chambre avec un lit double, rangements, WIFI  gratuit. Ce coin salle à manger donne aussi sur la cuisine moderne entièrement équipée (plaques vitro céramiques, four, frigo, cafetière, grille-pain, ustensiles et vaisselle, grand plan de travail). Petit dressing. Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo, WC, rangements et lave-linge. La personne en charge de l’appartement h
11583		Nice recently refurbished flat in the heart of Paris (Cambronne), at the cross of three subway stations (La Motte Piquet Grenelle) and close to the Champs de Mars. Quiet but ideally located in an animated district (lot of shops, restaurants ..)
11584	Being well decorated, clean and relaxing, you could hear birds ding all day long (true!) A nice garden is available downstairs for nature lovers. Bit the most remarkable thing is the location close to the majestic Eiffel tower and to the garden Andre Citroen where you could either have lunch on the grass or practise sport. Such a lovely place !	"Here is my sweet studio in paris. Well furnished and in a calm area. Close to the Eiffel tower and to parc Citroen and street markets. Equipped with A TV / and books for your information :), a bathroom, confortable bed for two people, a laaarge sofa and a cute ""kitchenette""."
11585	Idéal pour deux personnes, cet appartement est totalement équipé : - Un lit double - Un canapé lit double - Une salle de bain avec toilette - Une toilette indépendante - Une cuisine (lave vaisselle, machine à café...) - Une grande table à manger (6 personnes) - Un salon (télévision HD, chaîne hi-fi...) - Un jardin (table à manger, barbecue, chaises longues) Ideal for two people, this flat is fully equiped with: - One double bed - Two couches (one becoming a double bed) - A bathroom with toilets - An independent bathroom - A kitchen (dish washer, coffee machine...) - A big dining table (6 persons) - A living room (HD television, hi-fi...) - A garden (table, barbecue, lawn chairs...)	Magnifique appartement de 50m2 totalement rénové, situé à deux minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, dans un quartier calme et familial. Situé en rez de chaussée, il vous permettra de profiter d'un large jardin privé. - Wonderful 50 square meter flat totally renovated, located 2 minutes walk from the Tour Eiffel, in a quiet and familial neighbourhood. You will benefit from a nice garden. Idéal pour deux personnes, cet appartement est totalement équipé : - Un lit double - Un canapé lit double - Une salle de bain avec toilette - Une toilette indépendante - Une cuisine (lave vaisselle, machine à café...) - Une grande table à manger (6 personnes) - Un salon (télévision HD, chaîne hi-fi...) - Un jardin (table à manger, barbecue, chaises longues) Ideal for two people, this flat is fully equiped with: - One double bed - Two couches (one becoming a double bed) - A bathroom with toilets - An independent bathroom - A kitchen (dish washer, coffee machine...) - A big dining table (6 persons) - A livin
11586	The appartment is very charming and typically Parisian with ceiling moulings, parquet floors, and chimney. The appartment is on the top floor, with an all round balcony.	Charming and sunny 80m2 appartment, typically parisian on 5th and top floor with all around balcony. 3 bedrooms. Area with lots of yummy food stores, shops & restaurants. 15 mins walk to Eiffel Tower. Metro and bike hire are just as you walk out. The appartment is very charming and typically Parisian with ceiling moulings, parquet floors, and chimney. The appartment is on the top floor, with an all round balcony. The metro is just donwstairs as well as a Velib station, the Parisian day bikes. If I'm unfortunately not around to greet you, I will leave the keys at the restaurant downstairs. I will leave printed information on how to work the apparment (heating, dishwasher, etc...) and where the good shops are etc... There are a lot of great clothes stores rue du Commerce, 2 mins away. The brand new shopping complex Beaugrenelle has just opened 10 mins walk away. You're also 10 mins walk from the only Parisian hot air balloon - the view is fantastic ! There are also lots of nice restauran
11587	great architect design house in 15th arrondissement of Paris. there are two bedrooms with double beds, and it is possible to have one more double bed (air bed).	located near to Montparnasse, this 68 m2 lovely little house welcome you in a quiet location. just renovated, this house is tastefully decorated with  furniture of 50s. come enjoy the veranda and the ideal situation close to the metro. great architect design house in 15th arrondissement of Paris. there are two bedrooms with double beds, and it is possible to have one more double bed (air bed). the house is fully equiped (TV, wifi, washing machine, dishwasher,... ) we welcome you with pleasure and share you our best addresses in Paris. convention, georges brassens 200 m, plaisance-pernety 200 m, montparnasse neighborhoods within walking distance (10 min). we will recommand you lots of nice trip in the neighborhoods. you can visit all famous monuments thanks to the metro in 15 minutes (invalides, tour eiffel, champs élysées) metro line 13 (plaisance), bus stops 95-62 please ask us your questions we will answer you with pleasure!
11588	Appartement très lumineux, bien aménagé avec un balcon longeant . - Cuisine tout équipée avec lave vaisselle - Chambre spacieuse avec grand lit (160*200) - Salon cosy et rock'n'roll avec canapé lit 2P, TV et accès balcon  - Salle de bain : lave-linge, sèche cheveux etc. 	Appartement lumineux avec chambre indépendante, cuisine équipée et séjour donnant sur balcon longeant orienté sud/est. 10'à pied de Montparnasse et st Germain, Alésia et Convention, centre de Paris et monuments à 15' en transport.  Vélo à 2 pas.  Appartement très lumineux, bien aménagé avec un balcon longeant . - Cuisine tout équipée avec lave vaisselle - Chambre spacieuse avec grand lit (160*200) - Salon cosy et rock'n'roll avec canapé lit 2P, TV et accès balcon  - Salle de bain : lave-linge, sèche cheveux etc. Accès a tout l'appartement sauf une pièce qui sera fermée pour ranger nos affaires personnelles Nous sommes disponibles par mail et par téléphone L'appartement est situé dans le 15e (limite 14e). Quartier Calme proche de tous commerces.  A équidistance (10' à pied) de Montparnasse, Pasteur, Convention et Alésia.  Proche transports en commun :  - Métro Plaisance ligne 13  - Bus 95,62 et 88  à 2 pas - Vélib' au pied de l'immeuble Soyez les bienvenus
11589	L'appartement a été refait à neuf début 2015 par un architecte. Nous l'avons décoré avec soin et il bénéficie de tous les équipements possibles.  Nous pouvons recevoir 4 personnes en tout, 2 dans la chambre et 2 dans le salon puisque nous avons un canapé convertible Rapido facile d'utilisation et confortable. 	"Nous sommes un couple qui mettons à votre disposition notre appartement lorsque nous sommes absents.  Il est très bien situé dans le ""Village Saint Charles"" avec tous les commerces, deux lignes de métro (8 et 10) et le RER C à proximité.  L'appartement a été refait à neuf début 2015 par un architecte. Nous l'avons décoré avec soin et il bénéficie de tous les équipements possibles.  Nous pouvons recevoir 4 personnes en tout, 2 dans la chambre et 2 dans le salon puisque nous avons un canapé convertible Rapido facile d'utilisation et confortable.  La salle de bain ainsi que les toilettes sont séparées ce qui permet d'y vivre facilement à 2 ou à 4.  La cuisine est parfaitement équipée : - Grand réfrigérateur/congélateur - Lave-vaisselle et lave linge - Grand four - Grille pain, théière La télé au grand complet est également à disposition avec Canal+ et Beinsport.  L'appartement est non fumeur.  Nous louons notre appartement uniquement lorsque nous nous absentons, par conséquent nous ne ser"
11590	Notre appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. 2 chambres (1 lit double, 2 lits simples et un canapé lit) + lit bébé disponible sur demande. L'appartement est très calme. Très bien isolé. Aucun bruit de voisinage. 	Our apartement is ideally situated in Central Paris, very close to the eiffel tower. 3 underground lines. many shops and restaurants. 2 bedrooms (up to 6 people) and a wonderful private terrace.
11591	Décoration originale, colorée et ludique	"Emplacement idéal tout près de 3 lignes de métro. 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel, 2 min pour shopping, boulangeries, pharmacies, restaurants.  Grande chambre avec matelas très confortable, canapé et table basse pour petit salon privé. Décoration originale, colorée et ludique - 1 chambre (privée) - WC, salle de bains & cuisine (à partager avec moi) - Café, thé & condiments fournis mais pas de petit déjeuner - Machine à laver pour 3€ supplémentaires Ma présence dans l'appartement est variable mais je suis joignable pour tout problème éventuel. J'aime bien discuter, mon anglais est loin d'être  parfait, mais je ne demande qu'a m'améliorer ;) Evidemment c'est une question de feeling et de   contexte.  Tout est à proximité, et il y a du choix : - 6 pharmacies - 7 magasins alimentaires à moins de 200 mètres - 5 boulangeries dont 3 excellentes - bonne ambiance de quartier : bars sympas... Les transports sont tout près (3 lignes de métro à moins de 5 min) : - Station ""Cambronne"" ligne 6 -"
11592	Ideally situated in the 15th district. I propose you a bright and spacious apartment of 80 m2   with a big balcony at 20 minutes walk from eiffel tower  the appartment  consists of 2 bedrooms, a big living room , a well equipped kitchen  , a big balcony, a bathroom  , and separated WC. it is situated on the 6TH floor with elevator of a secured building  surrounded by gardens (2 codes to enter the building.)  bed linens and towels are included in the price  45 euros cleaning fees cash at the end of your stay (heating , city  taxes , wi fi included) check in and check out are free  excepted check in after 22H30 a fee of 20 euros will apply The apartment (email hidden) walk from Eiffel tower  (metro  line 12 volontaire station or pasteur station  line 6,12 )    - 15mn from arc de triomphe and Champs-Elysées by metro line 6 15 mn from concorde, opera, galeries lafayettes, Louvre museum by line 12 bus 85 : 10 minutes from rue de rennes and saint germain des près bus 91 20 minutes from gare 	        Ideally situated in the 15th district at 20 minutes walk from eiffel tower  I propose you a bright and private apartment of 77m2 very calm  it can accomodate up to 2 people ( there is 2 bedrooms separated )        Ideally situated in the 15th district. I propose you a bright and spacious apartment of 80 m2   with a big balcony at 20 minutes walk from eiffel tower  the appartment  consists of 2 bedrooms, a big living room , a well equipped kitchen  , a big balcony, a bathroom  , and separated WC. it is situated on the 6TH floor with elevator of a secured building  surrounded by gardens (2 codes to enter the building.)  bed linens and towels are included in the price  45 euros cleaning fees cash at the end of your stay (heating , city  taxes , wi fi included) check in and check out are free  excepted check in after 22H30 a fee of 20 euros will apply The apartment (email hidden) walk from Eiffel tower  (metro  line 12 volontaire station or pasteur station  line 6,12 )    - 15mn fr
11593	Very cute one bedroom apartment in the center of Paris, 40 m2, near the Montparnasse subway station, walking distance from the Saint Germain district. Large bedroom, small livingroom, totally equipped kitchen, small bathroom with a bathtub, toilet. Classic and distinguished decoration and furnitures. Ideal accommodation for a couple and a child. WIfi, Large screen TV Lively neighborhood, plenty of shops, restaurants and bistrots	Very cute one bedroom apartment in the center of Paris, 40 m2, near the Montparnasse subway station, walking distance from the Saint Germain district. Large bedroom, small livingroom, totally equipped kitchen, small bathroom with a bathtub, toilet. Classic and distinguished decoration and furnitures. Ideal accommodation for a couple and a child. WIfi, Large screen TV Lively neighborhood, plenty of shops, restaurants and bistrots The fact that it is in the center of Paris , so you can walk everywhere:it's near the movies, the bars, the shops and especially near  the lovely Saint Germain district Subway Montparnasse station
11594	The view is really WOW, no need to climb the eiffel tower!  Central Parisian Apartment in a tidy modern building, next to the Seine, views over the entire city -  watch the Eiffel tower sparkling at night and walk there  in just 10 mins! Private kitchen, bathroom (with shower/bath/washing machine), and bedroom area. There is a bed and a fold-out couch so you could have 3-4 people stay.	Central Parisian Studio Apartment, next to the Seine, views over the entire city -  watch the Eiffel tower sparkling at night and walk there  in 10 mins!  Equipped kitchen, double bed AND fold-out couch, unlimited wifi, washing machine, bath... The view is really WOW, no need to climb the eiffel tower!  Central Parisian Apartment in a tidy modern building, next to the Seine, views over the entire city -  watch the Eiffel tower sparkling at night and walk there  in just 10 mins! Private kitchen, bathroom (with shower/bath/washing machine), and bedroom area. There is a bed and a fold-out couch so you could have 3-4 people stay. Elevator to the 30th floor and then walk two flights of stairs to the highest level - 32nd floor You can call at any time! I will leave you a full guide to the apartment and will be available on Skype/Whatsapp/ whatever you want if you need me. Eiffel Tower, La Seine river, famous shopping areas (rue du commerce), the 16th arrondissement (most expensive in Paris) 
11595	Great studio to visit and enjoy Paris! Just a two minute walk to underground (line 12 and 6) and bus station and you will be in the center of Paris in about 15 minutes. This 27 square-meters studio can sleep up to 2 people comfortably (one double-bed and comfortable futon). Well-equipped kitchen including a full-service oven, gas cooker, refrigerator and washing machine. Spacious bathroom with bathtub. A large south facing window lets the sun enter into the whole place - the best way to wake up ! Also has a flat screen TV, internet wifi and closet to store clothes. This is a no smoking studio In a very quiet neighbor, with a big supermarket in front of the building, delicious bakeries, butcheries and many french brasseries around. 	This cozy & quiet studio will warmly welcome you for an ideal stay in a typical Parisian arrondissement! It's 2 min. walk from the subway station, about 35 min. from Montmartre. Around, enjoy Parisian bars and cafes, grocery stores, and restaurants!  Great studio to visit and enjoy Paris! Just a two minute walk to underground (line 12 and 6) and bus station and you will be in the center of Paris in about 15 minutes. This 27 square-meters studio can sleep up to 2 people comfortably (one double-bed and comfortable futon). Well-equipped kitchen including a full-service oven, gas cooker, refrigerator and washing machine. Spacious bathroom with bathtub. A large south facing window lets the sun enter into the whole place - the best way to wake up ! Also has a flat screen TV, internet wifi and closet to store clothes. This is a no smoking studio In a very quiet neighbor, with a big supermarket in front of the building, delicious bakeries, butcheries and many french brasseries around. The stre
11596	High speed Internet, great view, all facilities	Enjoy the Parisian way of life in this cosy & functional flat near Tour Eiffel. All facilities nearby.  High speed Internet, great view, all facilities Nice & Parisian flat. Direct access Eiffel tower. Best guide in town available at home! I can advise you if needed on visits, expos, places to dine or party. Near rue du commerce, which is a trendy shopping street. All facilities around. Between Boucicaut (metro line 8) and Convention (metro line 12), numerous direct buses to Saint Germain des Près, Louvre museum
11597	A very calm and bright flat, on the 6th floor, well arranged, with an amazing view.  You have a fridge,  2 hobs, a Nespresso coffee machine. Free access to the WiFi, TV and PS3. A modern bathroom and also bright. Provision of linen / pillows / Cooking equipment	"A comfortable in a 6th floor, bright, quiet and perfect located flat of 20m2 in Paris.  A breath-taking view of the ""Tour Eiffel"" Decorated and furnished in a contemporary style, yet keeping original features. An amazing show for the 14th of July !! A very calm and bright flat, on the 6th floor, well arranged, with an amazing view.  You have a fridge,  2 hobs, a Nespresso coffee machine. Free access to the WiFi, TV and PS3. A modern bathroom and also bright. Provision of linen / pillows / Cooking equipment You can contact me at any time There are many shops and restaurants nearby.  You (email hidden) from the Champs Elysées, the Eiffel Tower and Saint Germain. Metro stations ""Volontaire"" (line 12) and ""Pasteur"" (line 6) are around the corner and two bikes stations and bus stops also. Many restaurants and cafes are nearby, two supermarkets are at 50 meters. Close to all transport : - Metro: line 12 ""Volontaire"" Station (200 meters) - Line 6 ""Pasteur"" station (500 meters) - Bus: Very com"
11598	This is a 3 bedroom appartment in a classified building inside a very nice area of Paris. It's a very calm and sunny flat (Paris XV). Few minutes walking away from the Eiffel Tower. 2 minutes walking away from La Seine, 1 minute walking from the Beaugrenelle Mall (one of the biggest in Europe). Very nice restaurants and shops all around. Multiple Supermarkets (Monoprix, Carrefour City, G8...), Gym and a Dancing Club. Olympic pool 1 minute walking. By Metro : 10 minutes away from St Germain and 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées.  Several french bakeries in a very lively environment. Metro line 10 / Station Charles Michels RER C. 	Cozy 3 bedroom appartment with a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Calm, sunny all day long, clean and very confortable. A peaceful nest! This is a 3 bedroom appartment in a classified building inside a very nice area of Paris. It's a very calm and sunny flat (Paris XV). Few minutes walking away from the Eiffel Tower. 2 minutes walking away from La Seine, 1 minute walking from the Beaugrenelle Mall (one of the biggest in Europe). Very nice restaurants and shops all around. Multiple Supermarkets (Monoprix, Carrefour City, G8...), Gym and a Dancing Club. Olympic pool 1 minute walking. By Metro : 10 minutes away from St Germain and 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées.  Several french bakeries in a very lively environment. Metro line 10 / Station Charles Michels RER C. Access to the room, kitchen and bathroom. You can use the washing machine is necessary. At less than 1 minute walking from the new Beaugrenelle mall (one of the biggest of Europe), restaurants, supermarkets, olympic
11599	Centrally located for sightseeing, this nice and comfortable apartment  (57m2) can accommodate until 4 people. There is one sofa that converts itself into a double bed in the living room and another double bed high up that you can see in one of the pictures. Both of the beds are super comfortable and the appartment is perfect for families.  The living room and the room can be seperated if you desire by a sliding door or if you want you can have one big room if you open the sliding door.  The apartment offers the comfort of home with a washing machine, Wi-Fi, hair dryer, equiped kitchen where you can prepare a delicious meal with the fresh ingredients from the market (the market is open every Wednesday and Sunday morning). It is professionally cleaned and fresh bed linens and towels are provided. The appartment also offers a beautiful day and night view on the Seine ! It is also very close from the Eiffel Tower, only 5-10 minutes walk.	Beautiful cosy apartment situated at the heart of Paris.  Day and night view on the Seine Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (5-10 minutes).  Nice Pubs, restaurants, supermarkets (markets too) , malls with cinema, and romantic walks close by Centrally located for sightseeing, this nice and comfortable apartment  (57m2) can accommodate until 4 people. There is one sofa that converts itself into a double bed in the living room and another double bed high up that you can see in one of the pictures. Both of the beds are super comfortable and the appartment is perfect for families.  The living room and the room can be seperated if you desire by a sliding door or if you want you can have one big room if you open the sliding door.  The apartment offers the comfort of home with a washing machine, Wi-Fi, hair dryer, equiped kitchen where you can prepare a delicious meal with the fresh ingredients from the market (the market is open every Wednesday and Sunday morning). It is professionally c
11600	Housing new and very bright	Traditional apartment 3 rooms, completely renovated, including all rooms with balcony . Large Double sunny living room , 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms . The fully equipped apartment is warm and cozy. Housing new and very bright Full flat The market convention (3 days per week) at the foot of the building, proximity to shops and restaurants. The proximity to Montparnasse and the Centre Beaugrennelle. Line 12 : Convention (5 stations from Montparnasse ) Bus 62: Convetion Place Charles Vallin
11601	Appartement très charmant avec ses poutres apparentes et son volume atypique. Le lieu  est vraiment calme et silencieux car il est situé dans un bâtiment sur cour. De plus, le balcon en zinc avec sa jardinière permet de profiter d'un petit coin ensoleillée pour prendre son petit déjeuner ou l'apéro! Draps et éponges, produits ménagers sont fournis Côté cuisine, il y a le kit de base (sel, poivre,sucre, huile, vinaigre) 	Ce charmant studio alcôve de 34m² loi carrez est situé rue Saint Charles dans le 15ème arrondissement (Proche Charles Michel et Boucicaut). Spacieux et chaleureux, il se trouve au 1er étage sans ascenseur de l'immeuble et dispose d'un balcon donnant sur cour. Appartement très charmant avec ses poutres apparentes et son volume atypique. Le lieu  est vraiment calme et silencieux car il est situé dans un bâtiment sur cour. De plus, le balcon en zinc avec sa jardinière permet de profiter d'un petit coin ensoleillée pour prendre son petit déjeuner ou l'apéro! Draps et éponges, produits ménagers sont fournis Côté cuisine, il y a le kit de base (sel, poivre,sucre, huile, vinaigre) Je vous rencontre  pour vous accueillir au début et également à la fin de votre séjour. Et si vous avez besoin de quelques points de repères dans Paris, je peux vous conseiller, ce sera avec plaisir.  Assez proche de la Tour Eiffel et des bords de Seine. Quartier animé par un marché de produits frais 2 fois/semaine 
11602	Appartement au 6 ème et dernier étage. Très clair et calme.	"Chambre individuelle dans mon appartement au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur.appartement très clair. Métro Charles-Michels au pied de l'immeuble ainsi que les bus pour l'Hôtel de Ville, gare Montparnasse et les grands magasins. A 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Nombreux petits restaurants dans le  Quartier.  Appartement au 6 ème et dernier étage. Très clair et calme. Chambre avec wc indépendant. Salle de bain commune. Accès à la cuisine sur demande Nous serons la pour accueillir nos hôtes , et passer du temps avec eux si cela est possible le matin autour d'un café ou un autre moment quand cela se présente  nous sommes dans le 15ème quartier Charles michels. Quartier vivant avec des commerces,des restaurants et des jardins(parc Andrée Citroën). A 15 minutes à pied vous serez à la Tour Eiffel. De nombreux transports en commun en particulier le bus au vous conduiront soit aux grands magasins,soit sur les Champs Elysées ou vers l'Hotel de Ville (quartier du Marais) Par le métro ligne 10 ""C"
11603	Very close to all the tourist spots, the apartment Studio Paris XV welcomes you in an elegant and cozy with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower which you can address a wink every morning and watch her every flicker night (the monument glows 5 minutes at the beginning of each hour after it is lit until 1am. This privileged location, is very well served by public transport, and ensures an unforgettable stay in the heart of Paris. The building very quiet and secure (Housekeeper)	Very close to all the tourist spots, the apartment Studio Paris XV welcomes you in an elegant and cozy with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower which you can address a wink every morning and watch her every flicker night (the monument glows 5 minutes at the beginning of each hour after it is lit until 1am. This privileged location, is very well served by public transport, and ensures an unforgettable stay in the heart of Paris. The building very quiet and secure (Housekeeper) Internet Wifi (Fibre) Cable TV with international channels Great gray hydromassage shower to relax and unwind at home between visits in the capital. We are available by email, Facebook, iMessage and What's app ... The neighborhood The Paris XV, a legendary district to more than one, in the southwest of the City of Light. During your next visit discover the largest district of the capital The apartment is 2 minutes walk from the Porte de Versailles Exhibition Park and Palais des Sports. Join Aquaboulevard (10 min 
11604	Located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift, on the back of a lovely paved courtyard with vegetation. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The windows give on the courtyard, it is therefore extremely quiet, you will truly appreciate this environment. This 40sqm apartment has two rooms. In the main room, the dining area features a dining table for four people, the living area features a comfortable couch. It can be turned in 2 single beds as it is a ‘giggle’ bed, easy to modulate, with two real mattress 90×190. Therefore, if you need you can put the two single beds side by side and sleep in a king size bed 180×190. The main room gives on the fitted kitchen. On the other side of the corridor you will find the lovely bedroom. It features a double bed 140×190 and a large closet/wardrobe where you will be able to store your clothes and belongings. The bathroom has been entirely renewed, it has an elegant walk-in shower. The toilets are in a sepa	Lovely 40sqm 1-bedroom apartment to rent for four people between Invalides, Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse. A very quiet place at a very interesting price ! Located on the 1st floor of a building without a lift, on the back of a lovely paved courtyard with vegetation. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The windows give on the courtyard, it is therefore extremely quiet, you will truly appreciate this environment. This 40sqm apartment has two rooms. In the main room, the dining area features a dining table for four people, the living area features a comfortable couch. It can be turned in 2 single beds as it is a ‘giggle’ bed, easy to modulate, with two real mattress 90×190. Therefore, if you need you can put the two single beds side by side and sleep in a king size bed 180×190. The main room gives on the fitted kitchen. On the other side of the corridor you will find the lovely bedroom. It features a double bed 140×190 and a large closet/wardrobe wher
11605	Apartment of 40m ² with 12m2 balcony full of charm, quiet and bright. On the 5th floor with elevator.  It includes 1 bedroom with double bed ; 1 equipped kitchen, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils ; 1 living room with TV, sofa double bed, bathroom with bath tub / shower.  Towels and linens provided  Shower gel,shampooing, thoothpast.... Hair dryer  Wi-fi	Apartment of 40m ² with terrace 12m ²  full of charm quiet and bright near the Eiffel Tower. Apartment of 40m ² with 12m2 balcony full of charm, quiet and bright. On the 5th floor with elevator.  It includes 1 bedroom with double bed ; 1 equipped kitchen, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, kitchen utensils ; 1 living room with TV, sofa double bed, bathroom with bath tub / shower.  Towels and linens provided  Shower gel,shampooing, thoothpast.... Hair dryer  Wi-fi I hate the constraints of the hotels concerning the entrance and the liberation of the room. So, you can check in and check out anytime. Anytime You can go on foot to the Eiffel Tower (10 min), to Trocadéro (15 min), to Champ de Mars (10 min), to the Invalides (25 min). Transport nearby: subway ( n° 6, 8, 10), bus, taxi and river shuttles. Close, you will find all kinds of shops (rue Lourmel and rue de Commerce). Line n° 6 : Dupleix (5 min) Line n° 8 : Motte Picquet Grenelle (10 min) Line n°10: Emile Zola (5 min) 
11606	This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining.  This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars.  Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by.  	Studio Apt for 2 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 2 people ( 1 Sofa Bed)  Floor: 1th floor (with elevator)  Subway: COMMERCE (ligne 8) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). CHARLES MICHEL(ligne 10) Surface area: 277 sq.ft. / 27m2  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining.  This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars.  Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by.  Subway: COMMERCE (ligne 8) or LA MOTTE PIQUET (line 6). CHARLES MICHEL(ligne 10) AND SEVERAL BUS - A comfortable sofa bed in the living room.  - Carpet on the floor - Appartement overlooking on the garden (no street noise)  - Heating system in the living room - DSL Internet provided (High Speed)  -- International TV channels (including CNN and BBC World)  - DVD Player and movies prov
11607	Nous sommes un jeune couple qui mettons notre charmant appartement en plein coeur du 15ème arrondissement, proche de tous commerces, à votre disposition. L'appartement très agréable et bien situé. 	A proximité des transports, il vous sera facile de vous promener et de visiter les plus beaux lieux sans difficulté.  Métro:  Ligne 8 à 2 pas, Boucicaut ou Lourmel: - 10 min: Opéra Garnier, - 10 min: Tour Eiffel - 5 min: parc des expositions Nous sommes un jeune couple qui mettons notre charmant appartement en plein coeur du 15ème arrondissement, proche de tous commerces, à votre disposition. L'appartement très agréable et bien situé.  A proximité des transports et des commerces, il vous sera facile de vous promener et de visiter les plus beaux lieux parisiens. Réponse donnée sous 48h max. Le quartier: Vivant et disposant de tous les commerces dans un rayon de 100m...supermarché, banques, Starbuck, fleuriste, poste, pharmacie, restaurant, tabac, primeur etc... Métro:  Ligne 8 à 2 pas, Boucicaut ou Lourmel: - 10 min: Opéra Garnier, - 10 min: Tour Eiffel - 5 min: parc des expositions Tramway à 5 min à pied (Balard).
11608	Our 120 sqm loft style apartment (a former workshop built in the 20's with a 30sqm glass ceiling) is situated in a very quiet alley, with outstanding light, calm and privacy, close to the Eiffel Tower. You will be able to have your meals outside, on our sunbathed private terrace (30sqm). Less than two minutes walk away, you will find, grocery shops, supermarkets, clothing spots, car rental and even an open market were you can buy organic french products (on Wednesdays and Sundays mornings). The apartment has been very recently refurbished with high quality equipments materials. It comprises of two bedrooms (one with a queen size bed, the other with a king size bed) and one sofa bed in the living room. If needed, we can add a baby bed, another double bed or two separate bed. There are three bathrooms (from wich two en-suite) in the apartment and a wellness room (spa, hammam and sauna + japanese toilet seats). The kitchen is fully equipped (american fridge, dishwasher, coffee machine, to	Discover our all refurbished loft appartment (a former workshop) in a quiet and green alley in central Paris, close from the Eiffel tower, with a sunbathed terrace of 30sqm and equipped with spa, sauna, hammam! Comfort, charm, luxury and quietness ! Our 120 sqm loft style apartment (a former workshop built in the 20's with a 30sqm glass ceiling) is situated in a very quiet alley, with outstanding light, calm and privacy, close to the Eiffel Tower. You will be able to have your meals outside, on our sunbathed private terrace (30sqm). Less than two minutes walk away, you will find, grocery shops, supermarkets, clothing spots, car rental and even an open market were you can buy organic french products (on Wednesdays and Sundays mornings). The apartment has been very recently refurbished with high quality equipments materials. It comprises of two bedrooms (one with a queen size bed, the other with a king size bed) and one sofa bed in the living room. If needed, we can add a baby bed, anoth
11609		Appartement de 22m2 situé dans un quartier tranquille à Paris au 5e étage avec vue sur cour. Lumineux, calme et moderne ; l'appartement dispose de tout l'équipement nécessaire : machine à laver, grille pain, four, micro onde, mixeur etc. Je serais la, ou mon amie pour vous accueillir et répondre à vos questions ou demande pour le séjour. Proche du métro Convention ou Vaugirard (5minutes à pied). L'appartement se situe également à 20 minutes de marche à pied du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrennelle ainsi que de la rue du commerce comprenant de nombreux magasins, bars, restaurants .. Métro ligne 12 : Convention , Vaugirard Bus 80,62 Proche de la Tour Eiffel et de la Tour Montparnasse.
11610	A spacious and very cosy room with a big window on the street. The appartment is located in a beautiful building with view the parc Georges Brassens, the famous french artist.   The rooms is equipped with WIFI , TV and a fan for more fun.	A large sunny room in the neighbourhood of Georges Brassens the famous french poet and singer. View on the parc. Backery, wine shop, cafés & restaurants in the street :) A spacious and very cosy room with a big window on the street. The appartment is located in a beautiful building with view the parc Georges Brassens, the famous french artist.   The rooms is equipped with WIFI , TV and a fan for more fun. Guests have access to a nice bathroom.  Clean Towels upon request. They can also use the kettle and the microwave. A part of the fridge is there for your drinks and food. If you are curious and want to enjoy your stay to the max, Ask us about good restaurants in the neighbourhood and all the city. Ask us about good parks and places where you can enjoy a pique-nique in Paris. Anything you want to know about. The Neighbourhood alive but not noisy. From the room window there is a view on the parc Georges Brassens. There are very fine restaurants around the corner (Japanese, italian, fren
11611	well located from major touristic sight seeing at walking distance by metro or bus, our apartment is probably on the best svenue in paris ! nearby sights are: tour eiffel invalides grand et petit palais Champs Elysee avenue gare montparnasse le bon marché, best Parisian shopping experience. Easy to park in the avenue. We can accommodate up to 8 people or up to 4 couples: 1 master bed room with a double bed, 1 room with an ikea double bed, and 1 room with a double bed. 2 separate WC 3 bathrooms a full functional apartment we will provide all indication in english about our apartment course à pied, vélo. Balade sur invalides et champs élysées metro sevres lecourbe (line 6) or segur (line 10)	"On a large avenue next to invalides and the Eiffel tower. We have 2 metro lines at 50 meters from home.  My place is very convenient, modern, well equiped and charming. The building is of 1913 and in ""pierre de taille"". Full of sun and light snd high ceiling. well located from major touristic sight seeing at walking distance by metro or bus, our apartment is probably on the best svenue in paris ! nearby sights are: tour eiffel invalides grand et petit palais Champs Elysee avenue gare montparnasse le bon marché, best Parisian shopping experience. Easy to park in the avenue. We can accommodate up to 8 people or up to 4 couples: 1 master bed room with a double bed, 1 room with an ikea double bed, and 1 room with a double bed. 2 separate WC 3 bathrooms a full functional apartment we will provide all indication in english about our apartment course à pied, vélo. Balade sur invalides et champs élysées metro sevres lecourbe (line 6) or segur (line 10) un appartement en duplex de 120m2, 4 cham"
11612	40 m2. 3e étage sans ascenseur. Immeuble calme. L'appartement se compose de deux pièces (living room et chambre), d'une cuisine tout équipée et d'une petite salle de douche. Une grande télé sony dans le salon (55pouces) une petite dans la chambre (32 pouces). 4 couchages possibles. Lit 140x200 avec matelas mémoire de forme (Bonne nuit garantie) et un canapé-lit (moins confort que le lit mais personne ne s'en est plaint pour l'instant). living room : table 4 chaises, canapé,.  WC séparés Salle de bain : douche, lavabo, sèche-cheveux. Cuisine équipée : 4 plaques de cuisson induction, hôte aspirante, four, micro onde, frigo, congélateur, lave linge, lave vaisselle. 40 square metres. Third floor without elevator. 2 rooms appartement with a living room and a bed room, a full equiped kitchen, a little bathroom and a separate WC. The living room is composed of a big sony TV (55 pouces), a sofa and a sofa bed, a little table and a big table for eat. The bed room is composed of a little TV, a p	For those who seek the real Parisien lifestyle. Set in the stylish '15th', this quaint appartement is surrounded by classic French amenities such as boulangeries, charcuteries and relaxed cafe/bars with terraces from where to watch the world go by. 40 m2. 3e étage sans ascenseur. Immeuble calme. L'appartement se compose de deux pièces (living room et chambre), d'une cuisine tout équipée et d'une petite salle de douche. Une grande télé sony dans le salon (55pouces) une petite dans la chambre (32 pouces). 4 couchages possibles. Lit 140x200 avec matelas mémoire de forme (Bonne nuit garantie) et un canapé-lit (moins confort que le lit mais personne ne s'en est plaint pour l'instant). living room : table 4 chaises, canapé,.  WC séparés Salle de bain : douche, lavabo, sèche-cheveux. Cuisine équipée : 4 plaques de cuisson induction, hôte aspirante, four, micro onde, frigo, congélateur, lave linge, lave vaisselle. 40 square metres. Third floor without elevator. 2 rooms appartement with a livin
11613	This modern and elegant 100 square meters, 3 Bedroom apartment is located on rue saint charles in the 15th arrondissement, it is 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people + me the tenant that is barely there. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, phone, DVD... Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge. Everything and private bathroom and toilett (both separated).  If they want to Walking distance to Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle Mall and very easy and quick to Champs Elysée L10 Charles Michels or L6 Bir Hakeim Everything and private bathroom and toilett (both separated)	There is two fantasic bedrooms to rent in this beautiful appartment 100Sqm appartment with 2 Balconys walking distance to eiffel tower. There is two bedrooms available, one is slighly bigger and has a balcony. They are both the same price This modern and elegant 100 square meters, 3 Bedroom apartment is located on rue saint charles in the 15th arrondissement, it is 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people + me the tenant that is barely there. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, balcony, phone, DVD... Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 20th century building is equipped with : elevator, security code, concierge. Everything and private bathroom and toilett (both separated).  If they want to Walking distance to Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle Mall and very easy and quick to Champs Elysée L10 Charles Michels or L6 Bir Hakeim Everything and private bathroom and toilett (bot
11614		"Appartement en face du métro Bir Hakeim Tour Eiffel. Le quartier est touristique mais avec une vie de quartier. Supermarché à 20m. Facile pour se garer. Appartement spacieux et confortable. Très bien équipé. Calme (double vitrage), avec de nombreux rangements. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Buanderie. Canapé-lit ""rapido"". Il est très facile de se garer dans la rue. Supermarché à 20m. Boulangerie et restaurants tout proches. Le métro est en face. C'est idéal pour se déplacer. Quartier touristique et village à la fois. Nous y avons vécu 10 ans et il y a une véritable vie de quartier mais c'est aussi tres cosmopolite! Quartier calme. Le métro est en face, c'est idéal! Une buanderie est à disposition (lave linge/ sèche linge, fer à repasser, etc)"
11615	Situé au 8 ème et dernier étage, il est très clair et calme. Repos assuré	Dans Immeuble standing sécurisé - Appartement bien situé - très clair - Avec balcon - Cuisine équipée (vaisselles et ustensiles) - Salle d'eau avec une grande douche - Téléphone, TV, Internet illimité - linge de maison. Situé au 8 ème et dernier étage, il est très clair et calme. Repos assuré voir équipements le quartier convention, la proximité de la porte de versatiles pour les expositions. Son marché 3 fois par semaine. Métro convention ou Bus n°62
11616	Appartement refait à neuf, haut de plafond et totalement ouvert excepté la chambre. Lit King Size très confortable, un petit nuage. L'appartement n'a pas de voisin, vous ne serez donc pas dérangés par le voisinage et il se situe dans une petite rue avec très peu de circulation. La cuisine est très bien équipée étant moi même un fan de cuisine, le frigo est énorme donc n'hésitez pas à le remplir. Livres de recettes à disposition. L'appartement est proche de 3 lignes de métro qui desservent tout Paris. 	Appartement de 35m2 en rez de chaussée avec cuisine ouverte sur grand salon et équipée. Chambre séparée avec lit king size et petite salle de bain privative avec toilette.  Ecran plat, four, micro onde, 4 plaques et grand frigo avec congélateur. Appartement refait à neuf, haut de plafond et totalement ouvert excepté la chambre. Lit King Size très confortable, un petit nuage. L'appartement n'a pas de voisin, vous ne serez donc pas dérangés par le voisinage et il se situe dans une petite rue avec très peu de circulation. La cuisine est très bien équipée étant moi même un fan de cuisine, le frigo est énorme donc n'hésitez pas à le remplir. Livres de recettes à disposition. L'appartement est proche de 3 lignes de métro qui desservent tout Paris. Tout le logement est à votre disposition, seul les armoires ne sont pas disponible faute de place. Un cahier de carte de visite de très bon restaurant sélectionné par mes soins est mise à votre disposition. Je peux éventuellement conseiller les voy
11617	possibilité d'ajouter un lit bébé, sans supplément.	possibilité d'ajouter un lit bébé, sans supplément. Le studio est à votre entière disposition. Il n'y a pas de place de parking comprise. Quartier calme. Nombreux commerçants. Marché les dimanche, mardi et jeudi. Proche du parc des expositions.  métro Plaisance ( ligne 13) et  métro Convention (ligne 12) De l'aéroport, vous pouvez prendre le train (RER) , bus ou taxi.
11618		Joli appartement dans une rue animé à moins de 100m des transports en commun, de restaurant-bars et des boutiques. L'appartement est complément ouvert donc laisse passé la lumière avec une terrasse qui donne sur la grande rue.
11619	Quiet and bright. The shower is in the living room, separate restroom with WC and sink. Surface of 15m2	Quiet and bright. The shower is in the living room, separate restroom with WC and sink. Surface of 15m2 Wifi is included with fully-equipated kitchen with washing machine. We will be there for the check-in and out and available if needed. The flat is located in a animated and commercial neighborhood. 10min walk from the Tour Eiffel, the banks of the Seine and the Quai Branly museum. Subway at 3 min walk from the studio (ligne 6) and velib´.
11620	"A charming, quiet and fully equiped flat in central Paris with terrace. It measures 45 sq ms/ 147,64 sq ft, including: - a bedroom with a very comfortable queen size bed. - large closet. - a relaxing bathroom with bath. - separate toilets. - a pleasant living room ( couch, bookcase, tables, desk, tv and unlimited internet). - a fully equiped kitchen with mosaïc table ( fridge, freezer, washing machine, combinated micro wave-oven, and all equipment for cooking). -a long terrace with a deck chair if you want to enjoy the sun, overlooking the quiet inside garden's building. Bed sheets and bath towels are provided. You have the whole apartment to yourselves. Charmant deux-pièces de 45m2, calme et entièrement équipé, au coeur de Montparnasse, avec terrasse, comprenant: - une chambre avec lit ""queen size"" (phone number hidden)cm) très confortable. - de grands rangements dans le couloir. - une coquette salle de bain avec baignoire. - des toilettes séparées. - un agréable salon ( canapé, bibli"	"A charming, quiet and fully equiped flat in central Paris with terrace. A charming, quiet and fully equiped flat in central Paris with terrace. It measures 45 sq ms/ 147,64 sq ft, including: - a bedroom with a very comfortable queen size bed. - large closet. - a relaxing bathroom with bath. - separate toilets. - a pleasant living room ( couch, bookcase, tables, desk, tv and unlimited internet). - a fully equiped kitchen with mosaïc table ( fridge, freezer, washing machine, combinated micro wave-oven, and all equipment for cooking). -a long terrace with a deck chair if you want to enjoy the sun, overlooking the quiet inside garden's building. Bed sheets and bath towels are provided. You have the whole apartment to yourselves. Charmant deux-pièces de 45m2, calme et entièrement équipé, au coeur de Montparnasse, avec terrasse, comprenant: - une chambre avec lit ""queen size"" (phone number hidden)cm) très confortable. - de grands rangements dans le couloir. - une coquette salle de bain avec "
11621		Le studio a été en grande partie rénové en novembre dernier. Il est propre et se situe au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble bien fréquenté, dans le 15ème arrondissement. Le studio comporte un lit en mezzanine et un canapé-lit. Je ne fournis pas les draps ni les serviettes de douche. Je serai disponible par téléphone et par email pour tout problème que vous pourrez rencontrer lors de votre séjour. Il se trouve à 5 minutes à pied de la station Boucicaut (ligne 8) et à 5 minutes aussi de la station Convention (ligne 12). La proximité de ces 2 stations vous garantit un accès rapide à une grande partie de Paris. Une station Vélib se trouve également juste à côté de l'immeuble.
11622	Ideally fits 4 persons in the big double and the very confortable, convertible sofa bed.	"This recently renovated beautiful and airy apartment is litteraly 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. With a fully equiped open kitchen, a confortable double sofa bed and all the conviniences next to it, you will have everything you need for your stay. Ideally fits 4 persons in the big double and the very confortable, convertible sofa bed. You will get access to the full apartment, the fully equiped kitchen and bathroom and will have plenty of space to store your belongings. You will be allowed to use the dishwasher and the washing machine. We will be able to give any advice you need about the neiborhood, which is very important in this touristic area where some people take advantage of their location. Only five minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, the apartment is also in a typical ""parisian"" neigborhood, with very nice cafés, bars and restaurants, and only 5 to 10 minutes walk from rue du Commerce, where you'll find any shop you want. The apartment is right in front of the metro line 6 a"
11623		Charmant appartement parisien de 30 m² avec une terrasse sur cour, entièrement équipé , à quelques minutes de Montparnasse. Idéal pour deux couples.
11624		This lovely two-piece close to the subway and a supermarket is the perfect place to put your suitcases to fully enjoy the most beautiful city in the world! Its opened kitchen and its large window gives a beautiful light for this apartment!
11625	Studio in the heart of the 15th district.  Lively and functional neighborhood : lots of shops and restaurants nearby. Georges Brassens park (8.7 ha) 5 min walk	Comfortable studio for up to 2 people in the 15th district of Paris. Internet, TV (Canal + subscriptions and Bein Sport), central heating, bathroom with bath and WC mill. Sofa bed + mattress available. Studio in the heart of the 15th district.  Lively and functional neighborhood : lots of shops and restaurants nearby. Georges Brassens park (8.7 ha) 5 min walk There is a multitude of shops nearby (baker, butcher, restaurants, fast-food) as well as several supermarkets (Carrefour Market, Intermarket, Lidl) which make it a Lively and functional neighborhood during the day but relatively quiet at night. Several bus stop nearby: (phone number hidden) and 95 Metro stations 7 min walk: Convention (line 12) and Plaisance (line 13) Tramway station 10 min walk: T3A Vélib' and Autolib' stations 5 min walk 
11626		50 m2 avec 2 pièces dans le 15eme arrd. chambre et lit à mémoire de forme  et grand canapé dans le salon salle de bain,cuisine avec four frigo et micro-onde . tramway et subway au pied de l'immeuble  à 10 min de la tour Eiffel  et proche commerce Les commerces, proche de la Tour Eiffel quartier touristique , animé Metro au pied de l'immeuble
11627		Para los aventureros que no quieren perder ni un minuto de sus escapadas, este es el alojamiento ideal para vivir como un parisino a dos pasos de la Torre Eiffel.
11628	"1 bedroom appartment in the very heart of Paris, 100 meters away from major and famous parisian shopping street called ""rue du commerce"". Accomodates 2 people. We can provide you with bath towels and bed sheets on request.  Please let me know what you need when you book the place. Great location, villagy area with lots of shops, bars, cafés and restaurants. Nearest tube stations : Commerce (lign 8), Avenue Emile Zola (Lign 10), La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lign 6). Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. 10 m2 balcony where you can get a tan and have your meals. Very cute view on Parisian roofs in this cute, functional and super cosy appartement."	"1 bedroom appartment in the very heart of Paris, 100 meters away from major and famous parisian shopping street called ""rue du commerce"". Accomodates 2 people. We can provide you with bath towels and bed sheets on request.  Please let me know what you need when you book the place. Great location, villagy area with lots of shops, bars, cafés and restaurants. Nearest tube stations : Commerce (lign 8), Avenue Emile Zola (Lign 10), La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lign 6). Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. 10 m2 balcony where you can get a tan and have your meals. Very cute view on Parisian roofs in this cute, functional and super cosy appartement."
11629	Room is small and cozy: 14m2 (  140sq ft). Located in an old building with small lift. It's fully equipped:- a kitchen with a stove,- a microwave oven, - shower,- a futon, which is big enough for two persons. - WC : for your confort and hygiene the toilet are in front of the apartment,   ! but reserved exlusively for your personal use ! - internet WIFI. - linen and towels are provided. - coffee ,  tea are also offered.	"Bonjour! Yes! The  Eiffel Tower is just here! It is a quiet and peaceful location in the heart of Paris a 7 minutes walk from the famous Eiffel Tower. Room is small and cozy: 14m2 (  140sq ft). Located in an old building with small lift. It's fully equipped:- a kitchen with a stove,- a microwave oven, - shower,- a futon, which is big enough for two persons. - WC : for your confort and hygiene the toilet are in front of the apartment,   ! but reserved exlusively for your personal use ! - internet WIFI. - linen and towels are provided. - coffee ,  tea are also offered. To prepare your stay , I am at your disposal here.  We can communicate through this platform only. Located in a safe area, central and prestigious district of Paris.  - 7 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. - 4 minute walk from the Metro stations: ""Dupleix"" ( ligne 6)  and Charles Michels ( ligne 10). - 7 minute walk from the metro ""Tour Eiffel"" (RER C). - 1 minute from rue Lourmel: shopping street with restaurants and shop"
11630		Located Cambronne, a quiet area of Paris (which is rare in this town), you will appreciate the good location of my room. Cafes, restaurant, bakers, gourmet trade, shopping center, public swimming pool: you can enjoy all the pleasures of P
11631	Situé au 2° étage sans ascenseur, il s'agit d'un 2 pièces de 30 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisiniere, four, grille-pain, bouilloire). Donnant côté cour avec un grand dégagement, l'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Il a été entièrement refait il y a 2 ans, et les peintures sont refaites tous les ans. La chambre comprend 1 lit double 140x190, ainsi qu'un petit bureau et une penderie. Le séjour comprend un canapé lit en 140x190 de bonne qualité (vrai matelas confortable), 1 table basse, une table haute pour 4 personnes et un petit meuble TV avec téléviseur et lecteur DVD intégré. La cuisine (ouverte sur le séjour) est entièrement équipée avec tout le nécessaire en casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts, verres... 	Idéalement situé, quartier Motte Piquet Grenelle, très commerçant. 2 min à pieds métro 6, 8 et 10. 5 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. 2 pièces 30 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisiniere, four, grille-pain, bouilloir). Rénové récemment. Situé au 2° étage sans ascenseur, il s'agit d'un 2 pièces de 30 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisiniere, four, grille-pain, bouilloire). Donnant côté cour avec un grand dégagement, l'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Il a été entièrement refait il y a 2 ans, et les peintures sont refaites tous les ans. La chambre comprend 1 lit double 140x190, ainsi qu'un petit bureau et une penderie. Le séjour comprend un canapé lit en 140x190 de bonne qualité (vrai matelas confortable), 1 table basse, une table haute pour 4 personnes et un petit meuble TV avec téléviseur et lecteur DVD intégré. La cuisine (ouverte sur le séjour) est entièrement équipée avec tout le nécessaire en casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts, verres... Champ de Mars et T
11632	Charmant appartement refait à neuf il y a 2 ans de 44 m2, situé au RDC d'une cour intérieure remplie de plantes et de fleurs. Il est composé d'une pièce à vivre avec une cuisine ouverte toute équipée, d'une chambre et d'une salle de bain avec une douche italienne avec un porte serviette chauffant, ainsi que des toilettes séparées. Vous pourrez utiliser notre Home cinéma et nos DVD sont à votre disposition. 	Our appartement has everything you need for your stay in Paris. It is well located, close to several subway stations ( Montparnasse, Pasteur ). It has one bedroom, one big living room with an open kitchen, one bathroom and one separate toilets   Mobile Phone and email. Please feel free to ask everything you want.
11633	"The flat is really pleasant to live in as it benefits from bright light and a nice view on a little church!  Besides it is modern and fully equipped (oven, dishwasher, washing machine...).  42 meter square, 12th floor. Both young-people friendly and family friendly, 15e ""arrondissement"" (district) of Paris is a lively residential neighborhood.  All kinds of restaurants, bakeries and shops are accessible walking, mainly on rue de Vaugirard or rue du Commerce. Near the flat there is also an art-house cinema  (""Cinéma Chaplin Saint-Lambert"") and a nice garden area (""Square Saint-Lambert""). There are two subway lines to come to the flat (line 12 to Vaugirard station, line 8 to Commerce station). But the flat is also close to some bus stations. For instance you can go either to the Eiffel tower or to Saint-Germain Des Prés in 25 min by taking the bus 70."	The flat offers a really nice view from the 12th floor. It is located 5 min walking from rue du commerce and 15 min walking from Beaugrenelle shopping area!
11634	Located on the 4th of a building with elevator. The access is secured by two gates with a code. The apartment is very bright and the windows all face the street, quiet with low traffic, providing an environment conducive to relaxation. Layout This charming 40 sqm apartment has been fully (and tastefully) renovated in 2014 so as to provide a harmonious and functional interior. All the equipment is brand new. It consists of two separate rooms, communicating with each other (through a door that you can close), but also with and independent access from a corridor. The bedroom has a queen size bed of 160x200, a wardrobe and a small table. Next door you will find the main room, it is accessible from the hallway (and as we said previously, also directly from the bedroom). It has a living area and an open kitchen. The living area features a sofabed which provides additional sleeping for one person (130x190), a coffee table and a flat screen TV with cable channels. The fitted kitchen is open to	 Fully renovated 1-bedroom 40 sqm apartment to rent in a quiet street in the north of the 15th district. Perfect for long stays, well equipped, this cozy apartment is a great choice.  Located on the 4th of a building with elevator. The access is secured by two gates with a code. The apartment is very bright and the windows all face the street, quiet with low traffic, providing an environment conducive to relaxation. Layout This charming 40 sqm apartment has been fully (and tastefully) renovated in 2014 so as to provide a harmonious and functional interior. All the equipment is brand new. It consists of two separate rooms, communicating with each other (through a door that you can close), but also with and independent access from a corridor. The bedroom has a queen size bed of 160x200, a wardrobe and a small table. Next door you will find the main room, it is accessible from the hallway (and as we said previously, also directly from the bedroom). It has a living area and an open kitchen
11635	This cosy studio with all the necessary ammenities is a typical Parisian courtyard place. You will be welcomed by a charming Olive tree whenever you will step in or out. The flat consists of one major living / bedroom with a very comfortable double bed , a kitchen , fully equiped ( micro-wave, oven, fridge, washing machine…)  and a bathroom.  There is also a designer couch for two to chill out, plus a table for a nice dinner for two. 	A charming studio apartment to have a blast in the city.  This furnished flat is 4 min walk to Charles Michels Metro station, 5 min to the banks near the Beaugrenelle shopping center which has become the new  fashion hotspot of the city.  This cosy studio with all the necessary ammenities is a typical Parisian courtyard place. You will be welcomed by a charming Olive tree whenever you will step in or out. The flat consists of one major living / bedroom with a very comfortable double bed , a kitchen , fully equiped ( micro-wave, oven, fridge, washing machine…)  and a bathroom.  There is also a designer couch for two to chill out, plus a table for a nice dinner for two. The whole pace will be all yours with Wifi, Internet   television. Books Towels/Bedlinen Needless to say that we will not let you don't. whatever you might need will be just a call away. Give us a call or txt us, whether in a meeting, at the swimming pool or confessing on a dancefloor, we will always get back to you promp
11636	Au premier étage d'un immeuble accessible grâce à un interphone, notre appartement de 31m² est situé rue Beaugrenelle, dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris.  L'appartement peut accueillir confortablement 3 personnes, voire 4 personnes (si vous avez des enfants par exemple).  En effet, il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, ainsi que d'un salon avec un grand canapé-lit qui peut accueillir 2 personnes.  L'appartement dispose également d'une petite cuisine, d'une salle de douche (équipée d'une douche et d'un lavabo) et de toilettes séparées, tous trois desservis par le hall d'entrée. 	Au premier étage d'un immeuble accessible par interphone, notre appartement de 31m² est situé rue Beaugrenelle, dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris.  L'appartement peut accueillir confortablement 3 personnes, voire 4 personnes (si vous avez des enfants par exemple).  En effet, il est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, ainsi que d'un salon avec un grand canapé-lit qui peut accueillir 2 personnes.  L'appartement dispose également d'une petite cuisine, d'une salle de douche (équipée d'une douche et d'un lavabo) et de toilettes séparées, tous trois desservis par le hall d'entrée.  La chambre est équipée d'une grande armoire et d'une commode, qui seront laissées libres pour ranger vos propres affaires durant votre séjour. Vous aurez accès au linge de maison (draps et serviettes de bain) et des produits de toilettes seront disponibles dans la salle de bain. Un fer à repasser est également mis à votre disposition. La cuisine est équipée de divers ustensiles (casseroles, blender, cafeti
11637	Its location and charm	Only 10 steps from Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars parc, a calm and comfy stay with Sunny bright parisien art deco apartment will guarantee a romantique and memorable experiences in Paris. Equipped with Fiber speed WiFi Internet, TV, Washing machine, and if you pay attention enough, you're allowed to play the Piano ! 
11638	7ème étage avec ascenseur très bon état de fonctionnement. Appart très lumineux. Idéal famille ou amis.  Chambre atypique avec Bow-Window et lit 2 places !  Salon donnant sur balcon filant très calme avec canapé 2 places Clic-clac et autre matelas 2 places dispo si besoin.	Appartement, très calme entre convention et porte de Versailles, Fonctionnel, un balcon très bonne exposition, une salle de bain, un WC, une chambre avec lit double confortable, un clic clac dans le salon (avec matelas deux places également) 7ème étage avec ascenseur très bon état de fonctionnement. Appart très lumineux. Idéal famille ou amis.  Chambre atypique avec Bow-Window et lit 2 places !  Salon donnant sur balcon filant très calme avec canapé 2 places Clic-clac et autre matelas 2 places dispo si besoin. Ligne 12 métro CONVENTION Bienvenue chez moi !
11639		"15 min walk from eiffel tower, in the street ""rue du commerce"" where you cand find a lot of shops in a small village atmosphere, my flat is very calm and peaceful (can hear the birds in the morning). I just bought it so...only very serious people!!"
11640	- Located in one of the most popular shopping street of Paris, with many shops, cafés and restaurants.  - Sunny and quiet apartment, 30 m2 (323 square feet), on the 5th floor with elevator, with open view and not overlooked, directed on an inner courtyard  - Fully renovated and equipped kitchenette with small fridge, plate electric stove and oven, washing machine, and all cooking utensils necessary  - Bedroom with a comfortable double bed - linen is provided  - Bathroom with shower – towels are provided	- Located in one of the most popular shopping street of Paris, with many shops, cafés and restaurants. - Sunny and quiet apartment, 30 m2 (323 square feet), on the 5th floor with elevator, with open view and not overlooked, directed on an inner cour - Located in one of the most popular shopping street of Paris, with many shops, cafés and restaurants.  - Sunny and quiet apartment, 30 m2 (323 square feet), on the 5th floor with elevator, with open view and not overlooked, directed on an inner courtyard  - Fully renovated and equipped kitchenette with small fridge, plate electric stove and oven, washing machine, and all cooking utensils necessary  - Bedroom with a comfortable double bed - linen is provided  - Bathroom with shower – towels are provided 3 subways line 1 min walk from the appartment (line 6, 8 and 10). La Motte Picquet Grenelle
11641	This studio is located in the Convention neighborhood, close to Porte de Versailles. 30’s typical parisian building. Very safe neighborhood. Ground floor. Very very calm (rear window overlooking a patio garden) Wooden floor Fully furnished Equipped kitchen with all kitchenware useful to cook : Oven/Microwave, double stove, kettle, fridge. High speed internet Cable TV Mezzanine with a double bed. Very comfortable matress 1 large window, 1 window for the kitchen 2 secured doors + caretaker ____________________________________________________ We provide clean linen. Located in Convention, you’re 5 min walking from the village-like atmosphere of rue du Commerce and from convenient subway lines 12, 8 Within 15min, you can reach the Eiffel tower or St Germain des Prés by metro, with no connection  Down the street is Porte de Versailles. So if you come for exhibitions or Salons held there, you can reach it walking. It's 400 m away ! ____________________________________________________ See you	This studio is located in the Convention neighborhood, close to Porte de Versailles. 30’s typical parisian building. Very safe neighborhood. Ground floor. Very very calm (rear window overlooking a patio garden) Wooden floor Fully furnished Equipped kitchen with all kitchenware useful to cook : Oven/Microwave, double stove, kettle, fridge. High speed internet Cable TV Mezzanine with a double bed. Very comfortable matress 1 large window, 1 window for the kitchen 2 secured doors + caretaker ____________________________________________________ We provide clean linen. Located in Convention, you’re 5 min walking from the village-like atmosphere of rue du Commerce and from convenient subway lines 12, 8 Within 15min, you can reach the Eiffel tower or St Germain des Prés by metro, with no connection  Down the street is Porte de Versailles. So if you come for exhibitions or Salons held there, you can reach it walking. It's 400 m away ! ____________________________________________________ See you
11642	"CAMPAIGN IN PARIS A master suite with an office and a separate bathroom, balcony (deck construction), furniture design genuine Apple computer, two TV rooms on the lower av tv and computer, balcony, bathroom and separate toilet, laundry (washing machines and drying marks ""MIELE"" A luxury fully equipped kitchen, living room with fireplace A reception room independent of the private screening room A A garage This is an architect-designed house, new, fully furnished and luxurious (3 bedrooms, two bathrooms, an independent office, a reception room, a screening room, a very functional kitchen for cooking seriously, a garage, a computer and a tv in every room). It is located in a neighborhood of artists (Fernand Léger, Zadkine .. have experienced, the Hive is not three) close to the Park G Brassens, and very well served by public transport ( bus 95, 89, metro convention, 15 minutes from St Germain). An excellent restaurant renowned all Paris is a two minute walk from the house, the Grand Pan."	"Wonderful house in an artistic parisian quarter near the old books market and near the house of Georges Brassens. The house is a modern architect house made of glass. There is air conditioned in the suite and an upper deck, fireplace for winter time. CAMPAIGN IN PARIS A master suite with an office and a separate bathroom, balcony (deck construction), furniture design genuine Apple computer, two TV rooms on the lower av tv and computer, balcony, bathroom and separate toilet, laundry (washing machines and drying marks ""MIELE"" A luxury fully equipped kitchen, living room with fireplace A reception room independent of the private screening room A A garage This is an architect-designed house, new, fully furnished and luxurious (3 bedrooms, two bathrooms, an independent office, a reception room, a screening room, a very functional kitchen for cooking seriously, a garage, a computer and a tv in every room). It is located in a neighborhood of artists (Fernand Léger, Zadkine .. have experienced"
11643	Bienvenue dans notre appartement de 40m2 que l'on a récemment rénové (parquet, moulures au plafond, cheminée). Il peut accueillir 4 personnes maximum (il y a une chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit dans le salon). Il dispose d'une grande entrée avec des rangements puis d'un salon lumineux, avec une porte fenêtre et petit balcon. C'est là que se trouve le canapé lit (couchage d'appoint pour 2 personnes). Vous pouvez bien sur utiliser internet avec wifi.  La cuisine est moderne et toute équipée pour vous préparer de bons petits plats (livres de recettes à disposition!) La chambre est très claire avec un grand lit double (140x200).  Puis se trouve la salle de bain avec une grande baignoire pour se prélasser et lave-linge à votre disposition Les WC sont séparés dans l'entrée. L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur.	Ce 2 pièces neuf et clair est très agréable à vivre avec sa grande chambre, son salon dans style année 70, une cuisine moderne et équipée, WC séparée et baignoire pour se prélasser.  Vous êtes à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et en face de la Seine ! Bienvenue dans notre appartement de 40m2 que l'on a récemment rénové (parquet, moulures au plafond, cheminée). Il peut accueillir 4 personnes maximum (il y a une chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit dans le salon). Il dispose d'une grande entrée avec des rangements puis d'un salon lumineux, avec une porte fenêtre et petit balcon. C'est là que se trouve le canapé lit (couchage d'appoint pour 2 personnes). Vous pouvez bien sur utiliser internet avec wifi.  La cuisine est moderne et toute équipée pour vous préparer de bons petits plats (livres de recettes à disposition!) La chambre est très claire avec un grand lit double (140x200).  Puis se trouve la salle de bain avec une grande baignoire pour se prélasser et lave-linge à votre disposit
11644	Appartement parisien situé à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. Il s'agit d'un appartement une pièce équipé d'un lit 2 places mais également d'un espace salon avec TV écran plat. Le coin cuisine est à votre disposition si vous souhaitez cuisiner. Il comprend un micro-ondes, des plaques chauffantes, un frigo, etc.... Pour toutes connexions internet, un cyber café est à 30 mètres de notre domicile. Plusieurs lignes de métro à proximité permettent de rejoindre le centre de Paris et les principaux lieux touristiques en quelques minutes. La station de métro la plus proche est Cambronne, ligne 6 qui rejoint la tour Eiffel en 3 stations et et les Champs Elysées en 10 minutes. Vous pouvez également vous rendre à pieds à la Tour Eiffel depuis l'appartement.. De nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants se trouvent dans la rue et dans le quartier. C'est un quartier très vivant, très animé et qui vous permettra de découvrir la vraie vie parisienne dans un quartier typique.  N	Appartement parisien situé à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux et sans vis-à-vis. Il s'agit d'un appartement une pièce équipé d'un lit 2 places mais également d'un espace salon avec TV écran plat. Le coin cuisine est à votre disposition si vous souhaitez cuisiner. Il comprend un micro-ondes, des plaques chauffantes, un frigo, etc.... Pour toutes connexions internet, un cyber café est à 30 mètres de notre domicile. Plusieurs lignes de métro à proximité permettent de rejoindre le centre de Paris et les principaux lieux touristiques en quelques minutes. La station de métro la plus proche est Cambronne, ligne 6 qui rejoint la tour Eiffel en 3 stations et et les Champs Elysées en 10 minutes. Vous pouvez également vous rendre à pieds à la Tour Eiffel depuis l'appartement.. De nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants se trouvent dans la rue et dans le quartier. C'est un quartier très vivant, très animé et qui vous permettra de découvrir la vraie vie parisienne dans un quartier typique.  N
11645	Cet appartement est agréable car éloigné de la circulation. L'endroit est très calme ! Il est idéalement placé en face du Parc Brassens, qui fait pas moins de 8 hectares ! Vous rejoindrez Aquaboulevard (plus grand centre aquatique d'Europe) et Gaumont en 5 minutes, Les Champs Elysées en 20 minutes, La défense en 25 minutes, La Tour Eiffel en 15 minutes. Accès en 15m au RER B qui vous amènera a Disney.  L'appartement a un style parisien, cosy avec son parquet en chène, ses murs blancs et sa décoration patinée.	Appartement Paris 15ème. 60m2, 2 chambres. En face du parc Georges Brassens et à 5 min du parc des expositions , proche lignes de métro 12 (Porte de Versailles, Convention) et 8 ( Balard), Tramway T3 à 50m  Agréable, propre et calme. Cet appartement est agréable car éloigné de la circulation. L'endroit est très calme ! Il est idéalement placé en face du Parc Brassens, qui fait pas moins de 8 hectares ! Vous rejoindrez Aquaboulevard (plus grand centre aquatique d'Europe) et Gaumont en 5 minutes, Les Champs Elysées en 20 minutes, La défense en 25 minutes, La Tour Eiffel en 15 minutes. Accès en 15m au RER B qui vous amènera a Disney.  L'appartement a un style parisien, cosy avec son parquet en chène, ses murs blancs et sa décoration patinée. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Je reste disponible pendant votre séjour pour répondre à vos questions par sms ou appels Le 15ème arrondissement est le plus vaste de Paris et les quartiers sont différents les uns des autres mais c'est 
11646	Appartement T2 typique haussmannien. Parquet, moulure. L' appartement donne sur une cour loin du bruit parisien pour des nuits au calme.	"2 pièces haussmannien agréable au 3ème étage sur cour avec ascenseur, parquet, cuisine équipée, salon, salle à manger chambre et salle d eau attenante. Bars, restaurants et commerces à deux pas. Métro 8/12 et Tram T2/T3 à proximité. Appartement T2 typique haussmannien. Parquet, moulure. L' appartement donne sur une cour loin du bruit parisien pour des nuits au calme. Un accès wifi est possible. Serviette de toilette, draps pour dormir disponibles sur place.  Dans la cuisine vous retrouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour votre séjour (bouilloire, four micro-ondes, plaques électriques et couverts) Je serais disponible et joignable à n'importe quels moments de la journée par téléphone ou par airbnb. Je serais présent (ou un ami) pour vous accueillir le jours de votre arrivée. Quartier Parisien typique avec ces nombreux commerces de proximités et ces excellents restaurants. Nombreux parcs et ""parc des expositions"" à moins de 10 min à pieds. Quartier calme et très sécurisant. Ligne 12 à c"
11647	"Pretty 2 rooms, 45m2 with double bed, and the other room couch sofa, balcony, sunny, 3rd floor, elevator, Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking..., shower-room, separate toilet, Sheets and bath towels HiFi, CD, books, Internet Connection WIFI, Big TV Situated in front of the exhibition Palais of Versailles. In front of a very beautiful park "" park Georges Brassens "". Between subway stations Door of Versailles and Door of Vanves. Station with tramway Georges Brassens to mydoor. Bus 89 at the street corner. 85, Bd Lefèbvre - 75015 Paris  Coquet 2 pièces de 45 m2, chambre lit double, autre pièce canapé, salon,  cuisine, salle d'eau, WC séparés, balcon, ensoleillé, 3ème étage, ascenseur, pour une personne ou un couple hifi, grande tv, internet illimitée avec WIFI draps et serviettes fournis un chèque de caution sera demandé pas encaisser et remis lors du départ, non fumeur Situé en face du palais des exposit"	"Pretty 2 rooms, 45m2 with double bed, and the other room couch sofa, balcony, sunny, 3rd floor, elevator, Kitchen independant : hob..plaques electriques, refrigerator, eleccric coffee pot, totableware, all you need for cooking..., shower-room, separate toilet, Sheets and bath towels HiFi, CD, books, Internet Connection WIFI, Big TV Situated in front of the exhibition Palais of Versailles. In front of a very beautiful park "" park Georges Brassens "". Between subway stations Door of Versailles and Door of Vanves. Station with tramway Georges Brassens to mydoor. Bus 89 at the street corner. 85, Bd Lefèbvre - 75015 Paris  Coquet 2 pièces de 45 m2, chambre lit double, autre pièce canapé, salon,  cuisine, salle d'eau, WC séparés, balcon, ensoleillé, 3ème étage, ascenseur, pour une personne ou un couple hifi, grande tv, internet illimitée avec WIFI draps et serviettes fournis un chèque de caution sera demandé pas encaisser et remis lors du départ, non fumeur Situé en face du palais des exposit"
11648	Practical furnished one bedroom studio. This quiet 20m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen corner, microwave, fridge, cafetiere etc.) bathroom, hairdryer, (linen and clean towels provided with extra fees.)  Apartment description :  - Living room (internet access,)  - Equipped kitchen corner ( microwave, hotplates induction)  - Bathroom (shower bathtub, toilets) -double  bed, extra single bed. - Lift in the residence Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 100 meters far from La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lines 6,8, and 10)  + 200 meters far from Ecole Militaire + 500 meters far from UNESCO  - Closer touristic areas :  + rue du Commerce + 200 meters far from Champ de Mars. + 600 meters far from Eiffel Tower  + 700 meters far from Trocadero  - Utilities :  + 50 meters far from supermarket  + 100 meters far from shopping district (tabac, bread and pastry shop, butcher's shop with delicatessen) Miscellaneous :  - Bed sheets and towels housew	One bedroom near Eiffel Tower on the  this quiet 20m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchenette, microwave, fridge, ) bathroom (hairdryer, linen and clean towels provided). The residence has a lift. Practical furnished one bedroom studio. This quiet 20m2 self-catering apartment is comfortably furnished and fully equipped (kitchen corner, microwave, fridge, cafetiere etc.) bathroom, hairdryer, (linen and clean towels provided with extra fees.)  Apartment description :  - Living room (internet access,)  - Equipped kitchen corner ( microwave, hotplates induction)  - Bathroom (shower bathtub, toilets) -double  bed, extra single bed. - Lift in the residence Area description :  - Closer subways stations :  + 100 meters far from La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lines 6,8, and 10)  + 200 meters far from Ecole Militaire + 500 meters far from UNESCO  - Closer touristic areas :  + rue du Commerce + 200 meters far from Champ de Mars. + 600 meters far from Eiffel Tow
11649	Complete charming appartment 56m2 for family with 4 persons or 2 couples: a entrance, 2 single rooms (2 beds and a double bed) each 10m2 and a lounge with a canap bed. very quiet. Cupbords in all appartment. old parquet. Lift, 1st floor. Spacy bathroom with washing machine. New kitchen all equiped: cooking hob, heater, Microwave, Fridge, dish washer. baby Kit available.	Complete charming lodging: 2 rooms + lounge+entrance 56 m2: 1 confortable double bed, 2 single beds. Bathroom. Open Kitchen, Loundge with canap bed. 20 mn by feet next to Eiffel Tower, Champs-de-Mars,  10 mn to the Seine and Beaugrenelle's shoppings. Complete charming appartment 56m2 for family with 4 persons or 2 couples: a entrance, 2 single rooms (2 beds and a double bed) each 10m2 and a lounge with a canap bed. very quiet. Cupbords in all appartment. old parquet. Lift, 1st floor. Spacy bathroom with washing machine. New kitchen all equiped: cooking hob, heater, Microwave, Fridge, dish washer. baby Kit available. 20 mn by feet next to Eiffel Tower, Champs-de-Mars,  10 mn to La Seine and to the shopping centre Beaugrenelle. Easy access to Paris center town by metro (L. 8, 10, 6) and bus (42, 88, 70). Present at your arrival and at your departure. Possibility to go on site. Quiet place, respect for the neighborhood. Easy access to Paris center town by metro (L. 8, 10, 6) and bus (42, 
11650		I am renting my room this summer in August. 40²m appartment very well-equiped. The bedroom is 18²m. Kitchen with microwaves, oven etc... 3 metro lines at 3 minutes far by walk. Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes by walk ! Quiet district
11651		Appartement Paris
11652	L'appartement est un petit 2 pièces de charme (33 m2) qui se trouve au 3ème étage. Il se compose d'un petit salon avec cuisine américaine, d'une salle de bain avec WC et d'une grande chambre. Dans le salon, le sol est en tommettes et le bar qui fait la séparation avec la cuisine en brique. Vous ne serez pas déçus par le côté chaleureux et lumineux de l'appartement qui est traversant donc toujours ensoleillé (4 fenêtres).  Un coin salon cosy :  * Un canapé-lit (futon) avec bouti et plaid en fourrure * Une petite table de salon + 2 tabourets * Quelques bougies à votre disposition  Une cuisine fonctionnelle et toute équipée :  * Plaque vitro-céramique + haute * Lave-vaisselle 12 couverts * Four combiné (four + four à micro-ondes) * 1 grand frigidaire + congélateur * Machine à café nespresso  * 1 bouilloire + 1 grille-pain (déjà en service à votre arrivée) * Lave-linge * Jolie vaisselle (dont verres à vin et coupes de champagne) Une chambre agréable avec décoration de goût: * Un lit en 160	33m2 de bonheur au cœur d'un quartier animé et familial de Paris, à proximité des principaux lieux touristiques !  33m2 of happiness in the heart (email hidden)ly family neighborhood of Paris, close to the main tourist attractions! L'appartement est un petit 2 pièces de charme (33 m2) qui se trouve au 3ème étage. Il se compose d'un petit salon avec cuisine américaine, d'une salle de bain avec WC et d'une grande chambre. Dans le salon, le sol est en tommettes et le bar qui fait la séparation avec la cuisine en brique. Vous ne serez pas déçus par le côté chaleureux et lumineux de l'appartement qui est traversant donc toujours ensoleillé (4 fenêtres).  Un coin salon cosy :  * Un canapé-lit (futon) avec bouti et plaid en fourrure * Une petite table de salon + 2 tabourets * Quelques bougies à votre disposition  Une cuisine fonctionnelle et toute équipée :  * Plaque vitro-céramique + haute * Lave-vaisselle 12 couverts * Four combiné (four + four à micro-ondes) * 1 grand frigidaire + congélat
11653	Spacious bedroom with a doubled bed and a dressing room. You can lock the door with a key. Fresh bed linen and towel provided.	Large private bedroom with double bed and dressing room in a 3-bedroom flat in a quiet and safe area of Paris. Enjoy our fully equipped kitchen and bright living room. Good connections to Montparnasse, Louvre, Opera, Champs-Elysée, Pantheon, Gare d'Austerlitz, Porte de Versaille etc by bus, metro and tram. Spacious bedroom with a doubled bed and a dressing room. You can lock the door with a key. Fresh bed linen and towel provided. Shared access to: - fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, cooker, oven, microwave, washing machine, dish washer, pans, etc.) - bathroom with a bath tab and shower - sunny living room - free wifi access We're happy to welcome you in our flat and will make our best to make you feel home and give you advice on how to get around Paris. - safe and quiet neighbourhood with all convenient shops and restaurants around (normal supermarket, bio supermarket, fruit & vegetable shop, butcher, restaurants, etc.) - only 10min bus (20min by foot) from Montparnasse station
11654		This lovely flat is perfect for your journey in Paris. The house is very confortable and comes with all necessary amenities. This is a typical Parisian flat in a central location. All Parisian attractions are easily accessible.
11655	"My apartment has 1 private bedroom et one living room. One entrance splits the two rooms, for your perfect privacy. One bathroom with a shower and separate  toilets. Queen-sized bed (160*190 cm ) (63*75"") Internet Wi-Fi Light, bright and cosy. Elevator access "	"Hello ! 5 min walk to Paris Porte de Versailles exhibition center. Feel free to drop your luggage before going to your exhibition. Bedroom clean and calm, isolate from the leaving room Breakfast included. Be welcome !                   My apartment has 1 private bedroom et one living room. One entrance splits the two rooms, for your perfect privacy. One bathroom with a shower and separate  toilets. Queen-sized bed (160*190 cm ) (63*75"") Internet Wi-Fi Light, bright and cosy. Elevator access Very easy access  From/to CDG airport :  Take train and change for tramway at  'Cité Université' station stop 'Porte de Versailles'. I provide breakfast meal: Coffee, tea, milk, bread, butter, jam, breakfast cereals ... The neighborhood is nice, clean, and safe, with a friendly atmosphere. Metro ligne 12 Metro ligne 8 Tramway T2 (direct to defense business district) Tramway T3"
11656	4 people can live in it, right in the heart of Paris (see photos and maps) and very quiet environment. But they must be able to adapt themselves to beds in height. As a stopgap solution, one or two more people can sleep in the slatted sofa bed of the lounge, but the living space is than reduced ... The gardens are not ours, we only have the view... 	Charming 3 room appartement (45 sqm), extremely calm and looking onto gardens (first floor). 5 mn on foot of the Eiffel Tower. Main shops and market close .The organization of the apartment is like a boat with a double loft bed, 2 bunk beds, and a convertible sofa. 4 people can live in it, right in the heart of Paris (see photos and maps) and very quiet environment. But they must be able to adapt themselves to beds in height. As a stopgap solution, one or two more people can sleep in the slatted sofa bed of the lounge, but the living space is than reduced ... The gardens are not ours, we only have the view...  All the apartment is at your disposal.  It is a first floor without elevator. The few steps will be the sport of the day...:-) I shall try to welcome you as much as possible, but I am not always in Paris. A friend-neighbor will take over if need, or my son. My district is very quiet, and at the same time, has all that it is necessary of shops for small distance on foot: several b
11657	Lit de 1m20 Avant-dernier étage  Quartier animé par de nombreux marchés, riche en restaurants.  A proximité, la Tour Eiffel, la rue du Commerce, le centre Beaugrenelle, la Seine et ses superbes iles. Métro Dupleix (ligne 6) / La Motte Piquet-Grenelle (ligne 6, 10 et 8) / Emile Zola (ligne 10)  Station Tour Eiffel (RER C) The apartment is cosy, at the 8th floor of a calm building (with elevator) and in a very nice street (where you'll find everything).  In the apartment, there is a little but useful kitchen, a practical bathroom with WC, shower and lavabo.  In the main room you will find a table for lunch, a double bed (120x200) and a beautiful terrace with table and chairs, very pleasant for breakfast, lunch or nice dinner with candles. Great view of the Eiffel Tower, a garden, and high buildings!	Appartement romantique, chambre et balcon donnant sur un jardin, kitchenette et salle de bain à 2 minutes de Tour Eiffel. Avec ascenseur, wifi. Disponible pour 2 personnes. Lit de 1m20 Avant-dernier étage  Quartier animé par de nombreux marchés, riche en restaurants.  A proximité, la Tour Eiffel, la rue du Commerce, le centre Beaugrenelle, la Seine et ses superbes iles. Métro Dupleix (ligne 6) / La Motte Piquet-Grenelle (ligne 6, 10 et 8) / Emile Zola (ligne 10)  Station Tour Eiffel (RER C) The apartment is cosy, at the 8th floor of a calm building (with elevator) and in a very nice street (where you'll find everything).  In the apartment, there is a little but useful kitchen, a practical bathroom with WC, shower and lavabo.  In the main room you will find a table for lunch, a double bed (120x200) and a beautiful terrace with table and chairs, very pleasant for breakfast, lunch or nice dinner with candles. Great view of the Eiffel Tower, a garden, and high buildings! Quartier animé par
11658		Deux pièces meublé confortable et très lumineux dans un immeuble calme de standing récent situé rue de la Convention, dans un quartier animé du 15e arrondissement à Paris, à proximité immédiate du métro, du bus, et de nombreux commerces et services.
11659	Si trova in rue des Bergers 75015, tra il Parco Citroën e il centro Beaugrenelle. A 25 min a piedi dalla Torre Eiffel. Vicino alle uscite metropolitana Charles Michels (linea 10) e Boucicaut (linea 8). Bus 42 - 62 - 70 e 88 . Ben arredato, 3 ° piano con ascensore, ingresso, bagno , cucina abitabile, camera da letto con soppalco ikea 2 posti e divano letto 2 posti, bagno con vasca e wc (website hidden), internet wireless, lavatrice. Tutto pulito e tranquillo. Soggiorno minimo di 2 notti.	My apartment is in rue des Bergers, between the Park Citroën and the Beaugrenelle Center. 25 min walking to the Tour Eiffel. Near Charles Michels (line 10) and Boucicaut (line 8). Buses 42 - 62 - 70 and 88. Comfortable, 3rd floor with lift, entrance, wc, bathroom, kitchen with microwaves hoven, fridge and washing machine, living room with mezzanine bed and sofa-bed. Maximum 4 people. Perfect for a family with 2 (website hidden), internet wi-fi. Minimum 2 nights. Métro Charles Michels ligne 10 ou Boucicaut ligne 8. Rer C Javel Mercato rionale il martedi' e il venerdi'. Near the apartment: Beaugrenelle mall, luxury brands. Swimming-pool Keller. Parc André Citroën. Tour Eiffel 25 min walking.
11660	Cette chambre de 12m2 est pourvue d'un lit double de 130x180cm.  La chambre est exposée soleil et donne sur une rue calme.  cette chambre correspond particulièrement au couple et un personne seul. L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain, internet et télé.	Sur la rive gauche d'un Paris de romance, je vous propose un foyer accueillant et chaleureux, à moindre frais, à proximité de la gare Montparnasse. Idéal pour un couple de passage dans la capitale. Cette chambre de 12m2 est pourvue d'un lit double de 130x180cm.  La chambre est exposée soleil et donne sur une rue calme.  cette chambre correspond particulièrement au couple et un personne seul. L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain, internet et télé. Shampooing, gel douche, bouilloire, frigo, micro-onde, four et wifi haut débit gratuit. Daryl est un grand voyageur ayant déja vécu en Espagne et en Australie. En plus d'être de nature ouvert d'esprit et prompte aux rencontres, je pourrais serais ravi d'échanger en anglais ou espagnol avec vous. Sur la rive gauche d'un Paris de romance, je vous propose un foyer accueillant et chaleureux, à moindre frais, à proximité de la gare Montparnasse. A la jonction des arrondissements 6,7 et 15, dans un quartier résidentiel traditi
11661	Ce deux pièces de 29 mètres carrés très cosy est très lumineux car situé au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur).  Le salon dispose d'un clic clac et il y a de grandes fenêtres donnant sur le parc des expositions. Ainsi la vue est très dégagée et pas de vis à vis ! La petite cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour préparer ce que vous désirez. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire et de WC. Appartement calme et très agréable au vu de sa situation géographique. Very sunny 1-bedroom, 29 square meter apartment, just above metro line 12! Across from the Parc des Explositions, clear view, separate bedroom with a fold-out sofabed in the living room. Bathroom and toilet. 6th floor (7th by American standards) walkup (no elevator), in a really nice neighborhood with all sorts of shops.	2 pièces de 29m² très lumineux, métro ligne 12 en bas de l'immeuble ! En face du parc des expositions, vue dégagée, chambre séparée avec clic clac dans le salon, salle de bain+wc ! 6ème étage sans ascenseur, quartier très sympa avec tous commerces. Ce deux pièces de 29 mètres carrés très cosy est très lumineux car situé au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur).  Le salon dispose d'un clic clac et il y a de grandes fenêtres donnant sur le parc des expositions. Ainsi la vue est très dégagée et pas de vis à vis ! La petite cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour préparer ce que vous désirez. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire et de WC. Appartement calme et très agréable au vu de sa situation géographique. Very sunny 1-bedroom, 29 square meter apartment, just above metro line 12! Across from the Parc des Explositions, clear view, separate bedroom with a fold-out sofabed in the living room. Bathroom and toilet. 6th floor (7th by American standards) walkup (no elevator), in a really nice neighborh
11662	" Situated in a lovely  neighborhood,Paris 15, South of Paris ""Rive Gauche"",  in the corner of Rue Lecourbe, close to many sights (Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse, Seine river) bistros, bars, farmers markets (every Wednesday and Sunday morning), strolling areas, and public several transport options (Metro, bus, Tramway).  - Bedroom(s): 1 separated bedroom with high-quality sheets and pillows. - Spacious living-room area converts (if needed) to a 2nd bedroom at sleeping time with the “king size” sleeper sofa.  - Free high speed wi-fi internet access. - Smart Ultra HD TV with Home Cinema (with french and international channels) - Kitchen: equipped with microwave, oven, Nespresso Coffee Machine (with coffee), gas-stove, fridge, toaster, kettle, pots/pans, tableware, etc. - Bathroom: Clean, spacious bathroom with bathtub/shower and a toilet in a separate tiny room with own entry (as is common in French flats). Soap, shampoo, towels provided - the kind of high quality stuff you'll "	"Perched on the 2nd floor (without elevator), your bright and airy flat is flooded with light from the 2 windows (living room and bedroom) - situated in a lovely  neighborhood, close to many touristic sights.  Situated in a lovely  neighborhood,Paris 15, South of Paris ""Rive Gauche"",  in the corner of Rue Lecourbe, close to many sights (Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse, Seine river) bistros, bars, farmers markets (every Wednesday and Sunday morning), strolling areas, and public several transport options (Metro, bus, Tramway).  - Bedroom(s): 1 separated bedroom with high-quality sheets and pillows. - Spacious living-room area converts (if needed) to a 2nd bedroom at sleeping time with the “king size” sleeper sofa.  - Free high speed wi-fi internet access. - Smart Ultra HD TV with Home Cinema (with french and international channels) - Kitchen: equipped with microwave, oven, Nespresso Coffee Machine (with coffee), gas-stove, fridge, toaster, kettle, pots/pans, tableware, etc. - Ba"
11663	Bright apartment near Seine. Eiffel tower 20min walk	"40m² flat with a large and bright living room, a large bedroom, a kitchen with everything for cooking. There is a convertible sofa in the living room. The eiffel tower is 15-20 min walk. In the district : bars, restaurants, bakeries, butchers, cheesemakers... Beaugrenelle mall just 2min walk Near lot of subways to go where you want in Paris. 2 nights minimum Near the Seine, there is a copy of the statue of liberty just 5min walk. 10-15 min walk : beautiful and large André Citroen Park. You can have a beautiful view of Paris if you do the ""ballon air paris"" (have a look on internet) Eiffel tower just 15-20 min walk, very nice if you walk along the Seine Subway n°10 (Charles Michel) just in front of the building Subway n°6 (Dupleix) 10 minutes walk : with this subway you can go easily on Champs elyses (stop charles de gaulle - étoile) Subway n°8 (Commerce) 10 minutes walk RER C (JAVEL) 10 min walk : with this RER you can go to the Castle of Versailles"
11664		Very nice and well equipped 30 m² studio, 15 mn walking distance from Eiffel Tower. At the heart of 15th district, a lively and safe neighbourhood. All shops and public transportation you will need right around the corner.
11665	Possibilité d un 5ème couchage dans le petit salon TV. 1 salle de bains (avec lave linge), une salle de douche, 2 WC. Cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, four, micro-ondes... Nombreux restaurants et commerces à proximité. A 3 min , 5 lignes de bus, métro lignes 10 et 13.	Paris 6e, à un quart d'heure à pied de St Germain des Prés. Metro Duroc, Sèvres Babylone. Duplex avec ascenseur,4/5 couchages. CALME.Séjour cuisine américaine equipée, chambre lit double dans pièce à vivre.2 chambres à 1 lit. 1 petit salon TV . Possibilité d un 5ème couchage dans le petit salon TV. 1 salle de bains (avec lave linge), une salle de douche, 2 WC. Cuisine équipée, lave vaisselle, four, micro-ondes... Nombreux restaurants et commerces à proximité. A 3 min , 5 lignes de bus, métro lignes 10 et 13. email: (email hidden) telephones portable (phone number hidden)  bureau (journée) (phone number hidden) maison (soir) (phone number hidden) Frais de ménage 60 euros. Si vous le désirez , l homme de ménage peut venir 2 fois 2h dans la semaine (lundi et jeudi) .Caution 400 euros pour le séjour
11666	The place is in highest level, so you can enjoy the view and the neighbours are quite! The district is really nice!	A nice apartment of 35m2 in the 11th floor (with elevator!). Very bright, pleasant and welcoming! A magnificent view with terrace. Charming district. Take advantage of the market that opens in front of the bulding every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday morning and its closeness with the subway! The place is in highest level, so you can enjoy the view and the neighbours are quite! The district is really nice! The travellers can have access to a parking lot on the level -2 with a parking pass. You have the choice! I am open to spend time with you whenever you wish me to, and guide you through Paris! There's a market every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday (vegetables, fishes, flowers). Enjoy the smell of the bread emanating from bakeries, the small shops that are all over the alley and all that life that exist in this lovely district! The subway Convention (line 12) is 2 minutes away on foot! There are also buses 62, 39, 80 the day and buses N13 & N62 for evenings!
11667	It is especially  well designed and pleasant! , located on the 2nd floor of a building, overlooking the courtyard situated in a shopping district .  It includes a sofa bed for 2 people with a very comfortable bedding ,a bookcase, a closet  You have a flat screen TV and international channels. Unlimited internet with wifi is offered. You take your meals on a high table .. The kitchen is integrated into the room. It features all the appliances you want, with,  in particular,  a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bathroom includes a shower, washbasin  and toilet Electric heating, wood flooring covers the apartment 	Lovely studio in a very Parisian Atmosphere, very spacious , very quiet,  able to  accommodate 2 people. It is especially  well designed and pleasant! , located on the 2nd floor of a building, overlooking the courtyard situated in a shopping district .  It includes a sofa bed for 2 people with a very comfortable bedding ,a bookcase, a closet  You have a flat screen TV and international channels. Unlimited internet with wifi is offered. You take your meals on a high table .. The kitchen is integrated into the room. It features all the appliances you want, with,  in particular,  a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer. Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bathroom includes a shower, washbasin  and toilet Electric heating, wood flooring covers the apartment The 15th arrondissement is a quiet, interesting, familial district , on the left bank of the Seine.  Eiffel Tower, known worldwide , is at the center of this area Large towers were built on the quay Citroen
11668	This studio, on the 4th floor (no lift), is perfect for a couple or a single person coming for work, or tourism. Is a cosy and very comfortable vacation rental with all that you could ever need for your stay. Queen-size bed  (140x190), Opened and fully furnished kitchen with a two plate induction hob which will cook the best of meals given the right cook, microwave oven / grill toaster, under-counter fridge. The dining table can accommodate 4 people. Bathroom : Modern and clean with Shower. Extras : Linen and towels are provided.	Studio in the XV arr. of Paris, within 20 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. It’s a comfortable and fully equipped one bedroom apartment for 2 guests. Allm, bright and sunny with 2 large windows with wiev on the roofs of Paris       This studio, on the 4th floor (no lift), is perfect for a couple or a single person coming for work, or tourism. Is a cosy and very comfortable vacation rental with all that you could ever need for your stay. Queen-size bed  (140x190), Opened and fully furnished kitchen with a two plate induction hob which will cook the best of meals given the right cook, microwave oven / grill toaster, under-counter fridge. The dining table can accommodate 4 people. Bathroom : Modern and clean with Shower. Extras : Linen and towels are provided. Guests have access to the full place and its amenities. The price includes everything (electricity, water, Wifi Internet access, TV, etc.) and there are no extra charges except cleaning upon check out (30euros extra ch
11669	Ce logement est juste agréable dans son ensemble.  Calme aussi puisque il donne sur cour. La Tour Eiffel est à quelques mètres à pied ains que le Champs de Mars pour faire votre jogging ou vous balader en amoureux. 	Ce logement est juste agréable dans son ensemble.  Calme aussi puisque il donne sur cour. La Tour Eiffel est à quelques mètres à pied ains que le Champs de Mars pour faire votre jogging ou vous balader en amoureux. 
11670	L'appartement est charmant, donnant d'un côté sur un parc et de l'autre sur une rue très calme. Les volumes sont grands : deux grandes chambres équipées chacune d'un lit double, grand salon ouvert sur la cuisine. Le sol est couvert de parquet dans les chambres et de tommettes dans la cuisine.  	En plein coeur de Paris, cet appartement est situé dans un quartier calme et charmant, à deux pas de la rue du Commerce, qui est très animée. Les deux chambres dotées de lits deux places donnent sur un parc municipal verdoyant. Cuisine/salle de bain. L'appartement est charmant, donnant d'un côté sur un parc et de l'autre sur une rue très calme. Les volumes sont grands : deux grandes chambres équipées chacune d'un lit double, grand salon ouvert sur la cuisine. Le sol est couvert de parquet dans les chambres et de tommettes dans la cuisine.   La cuisine est bien équipée : four, plaques chauffantes, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver le linge. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire, un évier et des toilettes.  Je resterai très discrète avec mes hôtes et ne passerai de temps avec eux que s'ils le souhaitent.  Le quartier est en même temps assez calme et très vivant. L'appartement donnant sur un parc, il n'y a pas trop de bruit. La rue du Commerce, à deux pas de l'appartement, est assez animé
11671	This 15m2 room fits 2 persons comfortably in one or separate beds.	This simple bedroom fits two persons comfortably into separate beds. Located in a calm neighborhood with two near supermarkets, a 20min walk to Eiffel Tower and easy access to the mayor touristic Metro lines in Paris! WELCOME! This 15m2 room fits 2 persons comfortably in one or separate beds. You will have access to the whole apartment except my roommate's room. The neighborhood is really calm and quiet, perfect for a good rest after a long touristic day. The Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars and Ecole Militaire are just 20 minutes away by walk. Volontaires Metro Station (line 12) is at a 5 minute walk from the apartment. With line 12, you can connect to Montparnasse metro/train station where you can take lines 4 and 6 (that are the most touristic lines in Paris) and also you can take a 12 minute express train to Versailles if you plan to visit. Velib Bicycle Station is in front of the building. Bus Station 10mt away from the apartment. This is a shared apartment, so my roommate will be arr
11672	"This flat is perfectly arranged for 2 persons : a large entrance, kitchen with a table to eat, bathroom, WC, and you will love the main room with it's two areas : - the bedroom area  - the ""lounge"" area, with the sofa, table, TV etc.  The flat is overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny, the view is clear. "	"Cozy, clear, quiet and central, perfect for 2 personns who are coming to visit Paris !  It's a 30m2 flat, just near the metro (only 2 stations from the Champs de Mars) and various shops.  This flat is perfectly arranged for 2 persons : a large entrance, kitchen with a table to eat, bathroom, WC, and you will love the main room with it's two areas : - the bedroom area  - the ""lounge"" area, with the sofa, table, TV etc.  The flat is overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny, the view is clear. You will have a free access to internet, a dressing to put your things and there is a washing machine you can use in the bathroom.  The kitchen is well equipped : coffee maker, fridge, oven and microwave oven.  I will manage to be there for your arrival and give you all the explanations you need  Just outside (1min walking), you will enjoy a lot of shops : two bakeries, a Monoprix (to buy some food and wich is open till midnight every day except sunday), pharmacy etc. You also have a lot of r"
11673	Located on the second floor of a lovely building in Paris’ 15th arrondissement, this elegant and bright apartment sits mere blocks from the Eiffel Tower and the banks of the Seine and a scenic walk from the city’s most famous sights: See the Arc de Triomphe, the Avenue des Champs-Elysées and museums including the Musée d’Orsay, the Musée Rodin and the Louvre, then pop back to get changed before a romantic dinner in a traditional bistro.  Modern conveniences to ensure your stay is as pleasant as possible include free WiFi, central heating and a washing machine, and the ultra-modern kitchen boasts everything from a stove to a coffee machine and even a dishwasher to let you whip up meals between sightseeing.  When you’ve seen all there is to see in the City of Light, wind down in front of the flat-screen TV or get your postcards written at the handy desk. The comfortable double bed beckons with luxury linen and the immaculate bathroom is fitted with a sleek shower/tub combination and a WC	Set a hop and skip from sights including the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysées, this elegant and cosy studio is packed with modern amenities, promising the perfect Paris getaway for 2. Located on the second floor of a lovely building in Paris’ 15th arrondissement, this elegant and bright apartment sits mere blocks from the Eiffel Tower and the banks of the Seine and a scenic walk from the city’s most famous sights: See the Arc de Triomphe, the Avenue des Champs-Elysées and museums including the Musée d’Orsay, the Musée Rodin and the Louvre, then pop back to get changed before a romantic dinner in a traditional bistro.  Modern conveniences to ensure your stay is as pleasant as possible include free WiFi, central heating and a washing machine, and the ultra-modern kitchen boasts everything from a stove to a coffee machine and even a dishwasher to let you whip up meals between sightseeing.  When you’ve seen all there is to see in the City of Light, wind down in front of the flat-screen TV o
11674	Le studio peut accueillir 2 personnes et un bébé prêt de lit parapluie), il est très agréable, calme et bien situé. Parfait pour découvrir Paris ou pour un exposant au parc des expositions	Studio au 5ème étage avec vue sur Paris   Face à l'entrée H, hall 3 et Hall 7 du Parc des Expositions (Idéal pour exposant) Armoire Lit équipée d'un matelas grand confort Cuisine (website hidden) connectée fibre, Wifi.Salle de bains avec douche, WC. Refait à neuf en 2014 Le studio peut accueillir 2 personnes et un bébé prêt de lit parapluie), il est très agréable, calme et bien situé. Parfait pour découvrir Paris ou pour un exposant au parc des expositions Le studio est indépendant et possède tous les équipements nécessaire. Je parle français, anglais Le quartier est calme sûr et agréable avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants Carrefour contact (ouvert jusqu'à 21h), boulangerie, boucherie (email hidden)  Le studio est a 20 mn de la place de la concorde. L'appartement est proche du métro porte de Versailles (L12) ainsi que des Tram T2 et T3a.  Accès depuis:  - l'aéroport d'Orly:  prendre le Car Air France jusqu'à Montparnasse, puis la ligne 12 du métro jusqu'à Corentin Celton. - l'aé
11675	Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment on 4th floor with elevator in a residential building of good standing, close to Montparnasse and the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Metro Pasteur at the foot of the building. Sunny, comfortable, well equipped (machines, TV, Internet) clear and calm in the center of Paris, you can walk to Saint Germain, Montparnasse and transit (metro and bus) to the right bank. Shops and restaurants - cafés	Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment on 4th floor with elevator in a residential building of good standing, close to Montparnasse and the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Metro Pasteur at the foot of the building. Sunny, comfortable, well equipped (machines, TV, Internet) clear and calm in the center of Paris, you can walk to Saint Germain, Montparnasse and transit (metro and bus) to the right bank. Shops and restaurants - cafés
11676		Enjoy the open view, take a relaxing bath, play some vinyls, cook a delicious meal, wash your clothes, and mostly have a nice sleep ! Enjoy the feeling of being home in a perfect located area of Paris ! Business or tourism, please be my guest ;)
11677	il est aménagé avec gout et le lit qui se trouve au plafond est King size très confortable, studio très lumineux. internet haut débit, free box plus canal plus, toutes commodités dans la rue très agréable et très calme	Studio bien aménagé situé à 10 min de la tour Eiffel,  rue de Lourmel toutes commodités dans la rue (boulangerie, traiteur restaurant, super marché etc ) métro à 2 mn Immeuble sécurisé, vue tour Montparnasse. il est aménagé avec gout et le lit qui se trouve au plafond est King size très confortable, studio très lumineux. internet haut débit, free box plus canal plus, toutes commodités dans la rue très agréable et très calme métro à 2mn ligne 6 accès rapide par le métro champs Elysée, parc des princes, stade de France. Centre Commercial de Beaugrenelle à 10 mn à pied, champs de mars à proximité par mail et par téléphone le quartier est très agréable à proximité de tout il y a beaucoup de choix en terme de restaurant (italien, libanais, chinois, japonais, Français et mc Donald, boulangerie, fromager, poissonnerie, fruits et légumes,très prisés et pourtant ce quartier est très calme et bien fréquenté et très accessible pour des touristes étrangers et français métro, taxis ou bus
11678	Luminous (3rd floor with 2 windows living room side south west orientation) and spacious typical Parisian cosy Haussmanian Flat with parquet floors, fully equiped and with all shopping facilities at hand.	5 minutes from Convention subway station (15 min from Louvres)  fully equiped luminous and spacious flat. 2 double beds for a max capacity of 6 persons (2 more matresses available). Bathroom with bathtub and separate kitchen, living room and bedroom. Luminous (3rd floor with 2 windows living room side south west orientation) and spacious typical Parisian cosy Haussmanian Flat with parquet floors, fully equiped and with all shopping facilities at hand. Access to washing machine, dish washer, microwave oven, gaz stove and oven,  fridge and frozer, bathtub, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, tableware for 6, free wifi. Free bath towels and bedsheets. Access to the flat possible starting from 5.30 PM. You can also get the keys between 12.30AM and 2PM. Will be available by mail or phone anytime. Open Market on the street 3 times/week. 25 minutes wak to Champ de Mars/ Eiffel Tower.15 minutes from Saint Germain des Prés and Luxembourg with bus 39.20 minutes from Concorde, Tuileries gardens and
11679	With the Eiffel Tower just a short walk from your vacation apartment, you find yourself in the central location of the 15th arrondissement (district) in Paris. As a lively and energetic residential area, you can find everything you could possibly need to make your stay that much more enjoyable. You are also close to many local attractions such as the Seine, the Champs de Mars, the Trocadéro, the Palais de Tokyo, etc.  You have easy access to other areas of Paris via the metro at Bir-Hakeim station. In a charming 51m² flat located on the 4th floor of a building that does not have a lift. Your apartment features electric heating and a Wi-Fi Internet connection.  The living room is cosy and here you find a double sofa and a small table with 2 chairs. For your entertainment there is a flat screen T.V, a DVD player and a Hi-Fi system.  The bedroom is equipped with a single bed and offers ample wardrobe space. The fully equipped open-plan kitchen has all the essentials needed to prepare a me	With the Eiffel Tower just a short walk from your vacation apartment, you find yourself in the central location of the 15th arrondissement (district) in Paris. As a lively and energetic residential area, you can find everything you could possibly need to make your stay that much more enjoyable. You are also close to many local attractions such as the Seine, the Champs de Mars, the Trocadéro, the Palais de Tokyo, etc.  You have easy access to other areas of Paris via the metro at Bir-Hakeim station. In a charming 51m² flat located on the 4th floor of a building that does not have a lift. Your apartment features electric heating and a Wi-Fi Internet connection.  The living room is cosy and here you find a double sofa and a small table with 2 chairs. For your entertainment there is a flat screen T.V, a DVD player and a Hi-Fi system.  The bedroom is equipped with a single bed and offers ample wardrobe space. The fully equipped open-plan kitchen has all the essentials needed to prepare a me
11680	La maison de type loft aménagée dans une ancienne usine et située dans une impasse privée calme et arborée.	Maison type loft avec terrasse plein sud dans voie privée à 2 pas de la tour Eiffel située en plein cœur de la rue du Commerce. Calme et charme pour cette maison composée d'une cuisine américaine, salle à manger, 2 grandes chambres, 2 salles de bain. La maison de type loft aménagée dans une ancienne usine et située dans une impasse privée calme et arborée. Les voyageurs ont accès à toute la maison. Maison disponible certains weekends et pendant les périodes de vacances (website hidden) convient pas à l'organisation de soirées festives. Accueille préférablement des familles. Quartier très commerçant et ambiance de village: tous commerces, cafés, bars, restaurants et excellents commerces de bouche. A 10mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars. Très agréable pour pique-niquer et courir. Superbe marché découvert à la Motte Picquet le dimanche et mercredi matin. Métro Commerce ligne 8, La Motte Piquet Grenelle ligne 6 & 10
11681	Appartement moderne de 85m2, au 12eme étage d'une tour de 30 étages, avec double ascenseur, très calme avec vue magnifique sur Seine, proche de la Tour Eiffel, quartier commerçant.  Situé directement sur les quais, cet appartement offre une vue magnifique sur la Seine et sur Paris. Idéal pour les levers et couchers de soleil ! En face de la réplique de la statue de la Liberté et de l'ile aux cygnes, idéale pour balades à toute heure ou jogging matinal. Grand séjour lumineux, cuisine indépendante toute équipée, 2 chambres, 1 salle de bain/wc + 1 wc indépendant.   Gardiennage  24h/24. A 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro au Nord, ou du Parc André Citroën au Sud. L'appartement se situe dans le quartier animé du tout nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle avec ses salles de cinema, ses nombreuses boutiques de marques et ses restaurants.  Charme des rues avoisinantes avec ses cafés, brasseries et marchés parisiens bihebdomadaires. 1 piscine olympique au pied de l'imeuble. V	"Appartement moderne et lumineux de 85m2, au 12eme étage d'une tour de 30 étages, avec double ascenseur, vue magnifique sur Seine, proche de la Tour Eiffel, quartier calme et commerçant.  La Tour Eiffel se trouve à 10 minutes à pied !  Statue de la liberté (replique de la vraie) sur ""l'île aux cygnes"" est juste au pied de l'immeuble. Les balades y sont très agréables.  A mi chemin entre le champs de Mars et le parc Andre Citroën.  Le quartier à été tout récemment réamenagé avec le tout nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Entre modernité et écologie, il offre accès à une multitude de magasins, de supermarchés, 10 salles de cinéma et de nombreux restaurants et cafés.  Métro :  - Javel ou Charles Michel  (ligne 10)  - Bir Hakeim (ligne 6) RER C : arrêt Javel André Citroën Bus (phone number hidden) stations vélib a proximité  "
11682	Large two bedrooms apartment 969 sq ft (90 m²) with two nice terraces quiet and not overlooked and with a private car park. It comfortably sleeps 5 to 7 guests. Location, location, location. It is in the middle of the nicest areas of Paris, between 7th and 16th district, at a few minutes walking of the Eiffel Tower and Seine River. Very close the New Beaugrenelle Shopping Mall, to many fashion shops, varied restaurants, bars coffees, sport clubs and cinemas. And above all the apartment is particularly quiet.  Very modern Building and well protected, finished in 2001 with a Videophone & Interphone Systems. The two rooms, the living room and the kitchen overlook the two terraces that will let you take a good breakfast or dine leisurely getaway. The 2 Terraces are on a private garden (269sqft + 75sqft) or (25m² + 7m²) , South-West exposed. All the windows have electric shutters, TV Cable, Internet high speed, Fixed Phone towards some wireline/fixed operators are unlimited and free of char	This is a completely renovated flat, close to Eiffel Tower and the Seine river, meant to inspire a true Parisian experience.  Elegant two bedrooms located on the garden floor of about 90 sqm with 2 terraces and a private car park. Large two bedrooms apartment 969 sq ft (90 m²) with two nice terraces quiet and not overlooked and with a private car park. It comfortably sleeps 5 to 7 guests. Location, location, location. It is in the middle of the nicest areas of Paris, between 7th and 16th district, at a few minutes walking of the Eiffel Tower and Seine River. Very close the New Beaugrenelle Shopping Mall, to many fashion shops, varied restaurants, bars coffees, sport clubs and cinemas. And above all the apartment is particularly quiet.  Very modern Building and well protected, finished in 2001 with a Videophone & Interphone Systems. The two rooms, the living room and the kitchen overlook the two terraces that will let you take a good breakfast or dine leisurely getaway. The 2 Terraces a
11683	Lovely apartment fully renovated to spend a nice stay in Paris.Quiet and with a lot of (website hidden) is located on the ground fllor on a private  cour.You will find 1 Bedroom with a king size bed, 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2, a bathroom with a very nice shower and a kitchen with all equipment you will need to cook. The apartment has a private terrasse with a possibility to take his (website hidden) is located 2 minutes walk from Bus station,Velib station, 3 minutes from the Gare Montparnasse,Metro Montparnasse and Metro Pasteur and 5 minutes walk from Air France bus to the airports of Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly. With the metro and the bus you can go every where in Paris to visit the monuments and attractions.You have lot of supermarket,restaurant,bakery in the neighborhood.You are 5 minutes walk from the Rue de la Gaite with restaurants and theaters and the Rue de Rennes for shooping!You Can Easily reach spots: - Eiffel Tower (15 min) - Invalide (15 min) - Tour Montpa	Lovely apartment fully renovated to spend a nice stay in Paris.Quiet and with a lot of (website hidden) is located on the ground fllor on a private  cour.You will find 1 Bedroom with a king size bed, 1 living room with a sofa bed for 2, a bathroom with a very nice shower and a kitchen with all equipment you will need to cook. The apartment has a private terrasse with a possibility to take his (website hidden) is located 2 minutes walk from Bus station,Velib station, 3 minutes from the Gare Montparnasse,Metro Montparnasse and Metro Pasteur and 5 minutes walk from Air France bus to the airports of Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly. With the metro and the bus you can go every where in Paris to visit the monuments and attractions.You have lot of supermarket,restaurant,bakery in the neighborhood.You are 5 minutes walk from the Rue de la Gaite with restaurants and theaters and the Rue de Rennes for shooping!You Can Easily reach spots: - Eiffel Tower (15 min) - Invalide (15 min) - Tour Montpa
11684		Sunny 5th floor flat in Paris center 200m away from Eiffel Tower and shops of rue du Commerce. Really close to les Champs-Elysées. Subway within 2 minutes walk at la Motte Picquet Grenelle. 1 big bedroom, pleasant living-room with separate kitchen.
11685	Bright and atypical attic apartment with a well equipped kitchen ( hob, oven, dishwasher etc ... ), a double bed and a single bed , private bathroom / WC	"Apartment of 35m2, very bright, clean and close to shops !  In shopping district and well served by public transport , enjoy your vacation "" à la parisienne "" Bright and atypical attic apartment with a well equipped kitchen ( hob, oven, dishwasher etc ... ), a double bed and a single bed , private bathroom / WC You will have the whole house, just for you I 'd be happy to welcome you and help you to enjoy Paris . I also like to learn about other cultures and exchange then Welcome! In the heart of a commercial district , you will find: - Many supermarkets (including 2 organic) but also a Parisian market under the skytrain on Wednesday and Sunday (500m ) . - You will also find at the bottom of the building, 2 bakeries / pastry, a cheese refiner ( best craftsman in France ! ), 2 wine sellers, a caterer, a greengrocer , a fishmonger , a butcher, a ""rotisserie"" ... etc - But also famous Restaurants and Bistros (do not hesitate to ask me! ) - And you're 10 minutes from the Mall ""Beaugrenelle"""
11686		Baigné de lumière ce studio de 17m2 se présente comme un cocon...  Fonctionnel il est doté d'un petit balcon!  Sans pour autant être dans le 15eme il est desservie par 2 métro (8 et 12), 2 tramway (2 et 3), le RER C, ainsi qu'un bus (39) Vous pourrez vous balader dans les parc André Citroën et Suzanne lengen.. Les quais de senne sont accessible à pieds.  Bien sur le parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles et le plais des sports sont à moins de 5min à pieds.  Sans compter l'aquaboulevard et le chemin de la petite couronne juste aux pieds de l'appartement... Métro 8 Balard  Métro 12 Porte de Versailles  Tramway T3 desnouettes  Tramway T2 Porte de Versailles  Rer C pont du Garigliano  Bus 39 desnouettes
11687	Trois pièces, claires et extrêmement calmes : la chambre est sur la cour, le séjour et le salon sur une rue très peu passante. Premier étage (avec ascenseur). Accès par digicode (sécurisé : 2 portes). Appartement ancien entièrement rénové ; moulures au plafond, parquets et miroirs anciens ; 3 cheminées (désactivées: décoration seulement). Tous les aménagements, chauffage (électrique: réglage automatique) et équipement électroménager (lave-linge, sèche-linge, plaque de cuisson à induction, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur-congélateur, cafetière, etc.), sont neufs et de grande marque.  Décoration-ameublement : Roche-Bobois, Habitat, Toulemonde Bochart. Lit et canapé-lit très confortables (prévus pour couchage quotidien). Salle de bains: douche et sèche-serviettes. Télévision: abonnement toutes chaînes TNT et Orange; lecteur Blu-Ray.	Très calme, dans un quartier commerçant : la vraie vie parisienne, en mieux A 10 minutes de Montparnasse, bien relié par bus et métro (arrêts tout proches) Trois pièces bien distribuées (plan en étoile): on peut vivre à plusieurs sans problème Trois pièces, claires et extrêmement calmes : la chambre est sur la cour, le séjour et le salon sur une rue très peu passante. Premier étage (avec ascenseur). Accès par digicode (sécurisé : 2 portes). Appartement ancien entièrement rénové ; moulures au plafond, parquets et miroirs anciens ; 3 cheminées (désactivées: décoration seulement). Tous les aménagements, chauffage (électrique: réglage automatique) et équipement électroménager (lave-linge, sèche-linge, plaque de cuisson à induction, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur-congélateur, cafetière, etc.), sont neufs et de grande marque.  Décoration-ameublement : Roche-Bobois, Habitat, Toulemonde Bochart. Lit et canapé-lit très confortables (prévus pour couchage quotidien). Salle de bains: douche et sèch
11688	The apartment is located on the 1st floor at the end of a courtyard (cloister) which forms a beautiful skylight. It is a small studio (20m ²) but will provide everything you need for a nice stay in Paris: a clean bathroom (towels, shower gel and shampoo available), a sofa bed for 2 persons with a comfortable mattress and a small kitchenette (oven, hob, toaster and Nespresso machine)! Only birdsong may disturb you in the morning.	The perfect place to enjoy Paris a few days at the heart of the city (15ème arrondissement), less than 10min walk from the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is located on the 1st floor at the end of a courtyard (cloister) which forms a beautiful skylight. It is a small studio (20m ²) but will provide everything you need for a nice stay in Paris: a clean bathroom (towels, shower gel and shampoo available), a sofa bed for 2 persons with a comfortable mattress and a small kitchenette (oven, hob, toaster and Nespresso machine)! Only birdsong may disturb you in the morning. I am happy to give you tips to find the best places in the capital. Do not hesitate to contact me for more information. At 50 meters, the lively Rue du Commerce brings together all the shops you need. Monoprix is around the corner. Many bars and restaurants abound at La Motte-Piquet Grenelle. My studio is located in a quiet street 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine and the Invalides. At 200 meters, the metro stat
11689	Cozy flat of 25 m2, nice neighbors in a calm and familiar district and near to the Eiffel Tower! the Studio is very confortable and fully equipped, you will feel like a real parisian. you can enjoy a small backyard. 	Flat in the fifteenth arrondissement, very well connected, 1 min from the metro station line 8. Located on the ground floor with access to a small courtyard / terrace. Restaurants, bakery, shops nearby. Next to the Eiffel Tower (1.5 km). Cozy flat of 25 m2, nice neighbors in a calm and familiar district and near to the Eiffel Tower! the Studio is very confortable and fully equipped, you will feel like a real parisian. you can enjoy a small backyard. Shower, hair drier, all the kitchen equipment, tv, radio, internet, doble bed, sheets and the most important access to a terrace/courtyard! By mail and by phone. i will be receiving you for the check in and also check out to receive the keys. Restaurants, bakery, shops nearby... Next to the Eiffel Tower  15 minutes walking. Park Citroen at 6 minutes walking from the apartment where you can get in a ballon aerostatics and enjoy of one of the best views in Paris. Very well connected, 2 min from the metro line 8 in metro station Boccicaut, pub
11690	Beau 2 pièces dans résidence sécurisée et calme, tout confort, cuisine entièrement équipée, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Rue très commerçante avec son marché, proche centre commercial, des transports. La tour Eiffel est à 15min à pied.   Notre appartement est un 2 pièces de 30m2, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon. la chambre et la salle de bain sont séparées. Cuisine : four, frigo, bouilloire, grille pain, mixeur, plaque électrique, lave linge.  Séjour : canapé en cuir noir convertible en lit, petite table (website hidden) et Wifi  Chambre : lit 2 places, rangements. Salle de bain : douche neuve très propre. Transports : Accès direct aux lignes direct 8 et 10. Et au rer C;  Quartier très commerçant et touristique avec des commerces (website hidden), internet et électroménager sont à votre disposition. Je vous réponderai par mail rapidement et n'hésitez pas à me poser des questions.  	Beau 2 pièces dans résidence sécurisée et calme, tout confort, cuisine entièrement équipée, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Rue très commerçante avec son marché, proche centre commercial, des transports. La tour Eiffel est à 15min à pied. Disponible a partir du 19 juin 2015 Beau 2 pièces dans résidence sécurisée et calme, tout confort, cuisine entièrement équipée, peut accueillir 2 personnes. Rue très commerçante avec son marché, proche centre commercial, des transports. La tour Eiffel est à 15min à pied.   Notre appartement est un 2 pièces de 30m2, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le salon. la chambre et la salle de bain sont séparées. Cuisine : four, frigo, bouilloire, grille pain, mixeur, plaque électrique, lave linge.  Séjour : canapé en cuir noir convertible en lit, petite table (website hidden) et Wifi  Chambre : lit 2 places, rangements. Salle de bain : douche neuve très propre. Transports : Accès direct aux lignes direct 8 et 10. Et au rer C;  Quartier très commerçant et to
11691	15th floor in a skyscraper near Seine river, south of The Eiffel Tower. Great Paris view (Notre Dame, Pantheon, Tour Montparnasse). Building is very secure, 24/7 guarded. 100 meters to the metro station. Quiet neighborhood. 1 bedroom, 51 m2 (550 sqft), furnished in a modern style. Bathroom with bathtub. The sofa turns into a bed for two, accomodates 4 in total.	15th floor in a skyscraper near Seine river, south of The Eiffel Tower. Great Paris view (Notre Dame, Pantheon, Tour Montparnasse). Building is very secure, 24/7 guarded. 100 meters to the metro station. Quiet neighborhood. 1 bedroom, 51 m2 (550 sqft), furnished in a modern style. Bathroom with bathtub. The sofa turns into a bed for two, accomodates 4 in total.
11692	Notre logement est agréable à vivre avec son salon lumineux, sa chambre très calme. Nous nous y sentons très bien et espérons que vous y passerez un agréable séjour.	Notre 2 pièces de 30m2 est très calme, dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, proche Tour Eiffel, Pont Mirabeau, et Parc André Citroën. Metro et RER C Javel à 5 minutes, vous trouverez de nombreux commerçants à proximité. Idéal pour un couple. Tout équipé avec WIFI, télévision, machine à laver. Notre logement est agréable à vivre avec son salon lumineux, sa chambre très calme. Nous nous y sentons très bien et espérons que vous y passerez un agréable séjour. Malheureusement nous ne pourrons pas passer de temps avec vous car nous souhaitons louer notre appartement pendant notre semaine de vacances. Mais nous vous laisserons toutes les informations nécessaires pour que votre séjour se passe à merveille et serons bien sûr joignable si besoin. Quelqu'un sur place sera présent pour vous remettre les clés. Le 15eme arrondissement est un quartier très calme et familial. Vous y trouverez de nombreux commerces de proximité, un marché rue Saint Charles les mardis et vendredi ainsi que le centre c
11693	This flat will only be available from the 1st August 2015 to the 23rd August 2015. Bookings for 7 nights minimum.  This flat is very adapted for a couple or a group of 3 to 4 people willing to spend some time in Paris during Summer.	"Our flat is located in a quiet neighborhood (métro Dupleix) very near to the Eiffel Tower. Very well connected with public transportation (3 metro lines).  TV, Wifi, washing machine, dishwasher, 1 double-bed and 1 sofa-bed. Located on the 3rd floor This flat will only be available from the 1st August 2015 to the 23rd August 2015. Bookings for 7 nights minimum.  This flat is very adapted for a couple or a group of 3 to 4 people willing to spend some time in Paris during Summer. The neighborhood is typical of the Paris way of life with Boulangeries, French cafés and restaurants,  fresh food shops, green parks, local markets 3 times a week...   You are 5 minutes by walk to one of the most famous shopping streets in Paris (""Rue du Commerce"").   Very near to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Champs de Mars, Ecole Militaire by walk. Using the metro, you are 15 minutes away from the Louvre, Quartier Latin, Montparnasse, Champs Elysées, etc. The flat is very well connected to the public transportat"
11694	As I travel often, my 30 sq. m. studio is available. It has private access to a wonderful garden of c. 20 sq. m. This studio is fully equipped, and includes a kitchen and a bathroom. This beautiful apartment is located (email hidden)ly neighborhood where you can experience the real Parisian lifestyle. Moreover, you will have a charming private garden of about 20 sq. m. for you to enjoy, which makes this place really unique. Guests will have access to all equipment in the apartment (washing machine, nespresso, wifi, cable TV, etc.) The neighborhood encompasses several small squares at 5 min walking distance (George Brassens), and all usual convenience stores. If you are visiting on the weekend, you can enjoy the large market on Sunday mornings. You will be located very close to the metro station. Line 12 is very convenient for visiting Paris. You get direct access to the best places to visit in town, including Champs Elysees, Tuileries (Concorde), Galeries Lafayette (Saint Lazare), Inva	Voyageant souvent je mets à disposition mon charmant studio d'environ 30 m² avec jardin. Studio tout équipé avec 1 salle de bain et 1 cuisine. As I travel often, my 30 sq. m. studio is available. It has private access to a wonderful garden of c. 20 sq. m. This studio is fully equipped, and includes a kitchen and a bathroom. This beautiful apartment is located (email hidden)ly neighborhood where you can experience the real Parisian lifestyle. Moreover, you will have a charming private garden of about 20 sq. m. for you to enjoy, which makes this place really unique. Guests will have access to all equipment in the apartment (washing machine, nespresso, wifi, cable TV, etc.) The neighborhood encompasses several small squares at 5 min walking distance (George Brassens), and all usual convenience stores. If you are visiting on the weekend, you can enjoy the large market on Sunday mornings. You will be located very close to the metro station. Line 12 is very convenient for visiting Paris. You
11695	"Studio (approx 27sq. ft) very well organized, very bright and recently completely renovated; 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars. Sofa-bed 140 * 200 American Bar and coffee table- Microwave and washing machine- Separate shower and toilet 1 or 2 people Close amenities: Rue du Commerce, genuine parisian surrondings, restaurants and all the shops, very secure, very friendly neighborhood.Metro Line 8 Commerce: direct access to the Great Parisian Monuments and PLaces: Place de la Concorde, Invalides, Opéra Garnier, Louvre, Panthéon Moreover, I can recommand you very special adresses to eat, to buy precious french wine, places to buy french cheese and typical 'boulangeries""..."	"Studio (approx 27sq. ft) very well organized, very bright and recently completely renovated; 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars. Sofa-bed 140 * 200 American Bar and coffee table- Microwave and washing machine- Separate shower and toilet 1 or 2 people Close amenities: Rue du Commerce, genuine parisian surrondings, restaurants and all the shops, very secure, very friendly neighborhood.Metro Line 8 Commerce: direct access to the Great Parisian Monuments and PLaces: Place de la Concorde, Invalides, Opéra Garnier, Louvre, Panthéon Moreover, I can recommand you very special adresses to eat, to buy precious french wine, places to buy french cheese and typical 'boulangeries""..."
11696	Ce grand studio propose tout le nécessaire pour séjourner un weekend comme plusieurs semaines. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée séparée (plaques, four, micro-onde, machine à laver et sèche linge) avec toute la vaisselle adaptée. La pièce à vivre dispose d'un coin chambre avec un miroir et un lit deux places. L'autre partie de la pièce à vivre propose un coin salon (canapé d'angle, table basse, fauteuil) ainsi qu'une table à manger pour vos dîners. L'appartement dispose également d'un balcon. Enfin, la grande salle de bain avec baignoire vous permettra de vous prélasser après une longue journée de visite.	Ce grand studio propose tout le nécessaire pour séjourner un weekend comme plusieurs semaines. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée séparée (plaques, four, micro-onde, machine à laver et sèche linge) avec toute la vaisselle adaptée. La pièce à vivre dispose d'un coin chambre avec un miroir et un lit deux places. L'autre partie de la pièce à vivre propose un coin salon (canapé d'angle, table basse, fauteuil) ainsi qu'une table à manger pour vos dîners. L'appartement dispose également d'un balcon. Enfin, la grande salle de bain avec baignoire vous permettra de vous prélasser après une longue journée de visite. Je serais ravie de vous indiquer comment profiter au mieux de ce quartier mais également de votre séjour à Paris. Le quartier de Convention est extrêmement vivant : il comporte grand nombre de petits commerces de proximité mais également un grand Monoprix. C'est également un quartier très calme et sécurisé. Métro 12, arrêt Convention (5min) Métro 8, arrêt Boucicaut (10 min)
11697	A very cosy 30 m² studio with a double bed and a sofa-bed. Very large window that overlooks a quiet garden. The bathroom equiped with a bathtub. A small kitchen where you can find all you need for your stay. Wifi in the studio	"Ten minutes' walk from the Eiffel Tower, this 30m² cosy studio is located in a shopping district close to the famous rue du Commerce and the brand new shopping mall Beaugrenelle. Very well served by public transportation (metro line 6, 8 and 10) A very cosy 30 m² studio with a double bed and a sofa-bed. Very large window that overlooks a quiet garden. The bathroom equiped with a bathtub. A small kitchen where you can find all you need for your stay. Wifi in the studio You can have access  to the fully equiped kitchen. You can cook at home (Supermarket at 100m walking distance) I would be very happy to give you some tips about the neighborhood (restaurants, shopping...) and about visiting Paris in general. I am easily reachable by phone and I can pass by the apartement if needed. I speak several languages including english, spanish and french My studio is very well located : 10 min walk from the eiffel tower. 5 min walk from the brand new shopping mall Beaugrenelle and from the famous """
11698	L'appartement est très simple d'utilisation ( on se sent rapidement chez soit). Sa localisation est son atout principale, il est à 4 minutes à pied du champs de Mars mais il est également très bien desservie. La rue ainsi que l'immeuble est calme et agréable.	Appartement de 30 m2 pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Situé à 4 min de la Tour Eiffel.  Station Dupleix ( à 1 station de Bir Hakeim et de La motte Picquet-Grenelle). Immeuble sécurisé et facile d'accès. Appartement tout équipé: Wifi, Tv etc. L'appartement est très simple d'utilisation ( on se sent rapidement chez soit). Sa localisation est son atout principale, il est à 4 minutes à pied du champs de Mars mais il est également très bien desservie. La rue ainsi que l'immeuble est calme et agréable. Les voyageurs auront accès à la totalité de l'appartement. Les espaces de rangements sont à la disposition des voyageurs. Je suis disponible pour toute requête des voyageurs. Quartier calme et sécurisé. Proche des lignes de métro 6, 8 et 10. Accessible également par bus.
11699	Cuisine toute équipée avec presse agrumes, four, plaques inductions, grille pain etc...salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et machine à laver. Grande pièce à vivre avec une baie vitrée qui offre une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel de plein pieds et de toute la ville de Paris. Télévision, wifi inclus. Grande terrasse avec chaises et table.Venez assister aux couchés de soleil en direct de votre chez vous pendant quelques jours et profiter d'un quartier agréable et familial qui offre tous les services de proximité dont vous aurez besoin.	Magnifique studio tout équipé avec une grande terrasse avec vue sur la tour Eiffel mais également sur tout Paris ! Logement exceptionnel dans une résidence et un quartier de haut standing. Cuisine toute équipée avec presse agrumes, four, plaques inductions, grille pain etc...salle de bain avec baignoire, wc et machine à laver. Grande pièce à vivre avec une baie vitrée qui offre une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel de plein pieds et de toute la ville de Paris. Télévision, wifi inclus. Grande terrasse avec chaises et table.Venez assister aux couchés de soleil en direct de votre chez vous pendant quelques jours et profiter d'un quartier agréable et familial qui offre tous les services de proximité dont vous aurez besoin. a proximité gare montparnasse Je serai quelques rues plus loin et je pourrai vous assister lors de votre séjour pour que tout se passe pour le mieux. 3 supermarchés juste en bas de l'immeuble, boucherie, primeurs, tabac, presse, laverie, restaurants et bars à proximi
