5400	"Beautiful, spacious and fully furnished apartment located in the heart of the 19th district of Paris, close to the ""La Villette"" park. The appartement is more than 50 m² with wooden floors and a big living room : a typical parisian flat, charming and quiet. - Capacity : up to 4 people - 1 bedroom  - 2 beds - kitchen included - free Internet (wi-fi) - TV"	"Beautiful, spacious and fully furnished apartment located in the heart of the 19th district of Paris, close to the ""La Villette"" park. The appartement is more than 50 m² with wooden floors and a big living room. From 1 to 4 people. Beautiful, spacious and fully furnished apartment located in the heart of the 19th district of Paris, close to the ""La Villette"" park. The appartement is more than 50 m² with wooden floors and a big living room : a typical parisian flat, charming and quiet. - Capacity : up to 4 people - 1 bedroom  - 2 beds - kitchen included - free Internet (wi-fi) - TV Just step outside and be there: the apartement is located in the 19th district of Paris, close to the ""Ourcq"" canal, cinemas and night-life. The apartement is very well connected to public transfer:  - 10 secondes walking distance to Metro Station ""Corentin Cariou"". Line 7 - 5 min walking distance to Metro Station ""Ourcq"". Line 5 - 5 minutes walking distance to tramway Station ""Porte de la Villette"". Line 3b "
5401	My appartement is new so the noise insolation is perfect and the place is very clean. South exposition all day. Cameras, guardian, elevator inside the building.	The 19th district in Paris is an area full of shops, parks and crossed by a river. My appartement is new so the noise insolation is perfect and the place is very clean. South exposition all day. Cameras, guardian, elevator inside the building. My appartement is new so the noise insolation is perfect and the place is very clean. South exposition all day. Cameras, guardian, elevator inside the building. The whole appartment is yours I remain available by phone and whatsapp The 19th district in Paris is an area full of shops, supermarkets, parks, even a mall and crossed by a river (the Ourcq Chanel) Metro: Line 7 (pink line), station Crimée Bus: Line 54 (light blue), station Cambrai Tramway: Line PC3B (green line), station Porte Aubervilliers
5402	"Hello,  If you're looking for a REAL PARISIAN EXPERIENCE, here is the place !  My cosy studio is located in the heart of the 19th district of Paris near of the great Parc Buttes Chaumont (1 block away) and the canal Saint Martin (10 mins by walking) my favorite part of Paris (a really romantic place to hang out and ideal for families). The apt itself is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. The place is really charming, luminous and has a little balcony. If you're lucky enough you will have a wonderful sunset.  You will love stay in this neighborhood considered as a nice village atmosphere, with all amenities, bars and restaurants (a great japonese and moroccan and of course a lots of ""bistrot français"" around the corner). The studio is fully equipped, and is composed of a large bright room (large sofa+one bed), large flat screen. The bathroom has a washing machine. There is one kitchen with oven, 2 hotplates, refrigerator (freezer section), microwave oven, coffee maker. All you "	"Hello,  If you're looking for a REAL PARISIAN EXPERIENCE, here is the place !  My cosy studio is located in the heart of the 19th district of Paris near of the great Parc Buttes Chaumont (1 block away) and the canal Saint Martin (10 mins by walking) my favorite part of Paris (a really romantic place to hang out and ideal for families). The apt itself is situated on the 6th floor with an elevator. The place is really charming, luminous and has a little balcony. If you're lucky enough you will have a wonderful sunset.  You will love stay in this neighborhood considered as a nice village atmosphere, with all amenities, bars and restaurants (a great japonese and moroccan and of course a lots of ""bistrot français"" around the corner). The studio is fully equipped, and is composed of a large bright room (large sofa+one bed), large flat screen. The bathroom has a washing machine. There is one kitchen with oven, 2 hotplates, refrigerator (freezer section), microwave oven, coffee maker. All you "
5403		Chambre dans un appartement haussmanien, beau standing, agréable, au sein d'une colocation. Mes deux colocs seront plus ou moins là mais l'appart fait 82m2, à 10m du métro ligne 5 arrêt Ourcq
5404	Petite cuisine équipée avec mini-four, machine à café Nespresso , grande salle de bain avec douche. Immeuble neuf et sécurisé, il est équipé d'un ascenseur. Appartement très bien isolé du bruit extérieur. Lit futon confortable pour deux personnes.  	Studio de 27 m² fonctionnel avec kitchenette équipée. Pièce principale avec un lit pour deux personnes. En face du métro de la Ligne 5 , le studio est un excellent point de départ pour découvrirs nouveaux spots de la vie nocturne de Parisiennes. Petite cuisine équipée avec mini-four, machine à café Nespresso , grande salle de bain avec douche. Immeuble neuf et sécurisé, il est équipé d'un ascenseur. Appartement très bien isolé du bruit extérieur. Lit futon confortable pour deux personnes. Je suis toujours disponible pour donner des conseils pour vos sorties dans le quartier et à Paris. Entre le parc des Buttes-Chaumont et le Canal de L'ourcq, l'appartement est un point de départ idéal pour découvrir un autre côté de Paris. Bars, restaurants, boîtes et salles de concerts ( point-éphémère, la philharmonie de Paris à 500m. Supermarchés, laverie et boulangerie à moins de 500m. Métro Ligne 5 Ourcq : 7 min de la gare du Nord et 10 min de la gare de L'Est. Bus de Nuit N°13 devant l'immeuble. 
5405	Only 10 min walk from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from the Parc de la Villette and 15 minutes (in metro) from Châtelet, the flat, fully renovated in 2012 and located on the 12th floor of a modern building, offers a unique panorama on Paris. It is 100m2 big with 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms, one separate toilet, a large living room (40m2) and a fully equiped kitchen. From the lounge, exposed south/west, you can appreciate the sunset on Montmartre as well as the Eiffel Tower and the full beauty of Paris city.  Fom the rooms exposed South/East, the sun rises on the Canal and the Parc des Buttes de Chaumont.	10m2 calm and comfy private room with double bed for 2, and a nice view on the Bassin de la Villette.The flat is 100m2 big, recently renovated and well arranged, with a unique panorama of Paris : Eiffel Tower, Montmartre... To name a few :)          Only 10 min walk from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from the Parc de la Villette and 15 minutes (in metro) from Châtelet, the flat, fully renovated in 2012 and located on the 12th floor of a modern building, offers a unique panorama on Paris. It is 100m2 big with 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms, one separate toilet, a large living room (40m2) and a fully equiped kitchen. From the lounge, exposed south/west, you can appreciate the sunset on Montmartre as well as the Eiffel Tower and the full beauty of Paris city.  Fom the rooms exposed South/East, the sun rises on the Canal and the Parc des Buttes de Chaumont. The guests will have access to their room and the rest of the flat and will be able to use the kitchen and its equipment (coffee machine, 
5406	L'appartement est composé d'une pièce principale, d'une chambre, cuisine , salle de bain et salle à manger. Il se trouve au troisième étage, avec ascenseur. La cuisine est toute équipée : four, cuisinière, réfrigérateur, machine à laver. L'appartement comporte une connexion wifi. 	42 m² sunny flat 2-4 persons Next door to Belleville subway station. Buttes Chaumont park & Canal Saint Martin are within 10mn walking Indoor parking Wi-fi, fridge & freezer, oven, washing machine, queen-size bed + comfy sofa bed.
5407	A proximité: Le parc des Buttes Chaumont, il vous suffira de traverser la rue pour vous retrouvez dans le parc. Le village Jourdain et ses échoppes sont à quelques pas. Vous êtes au calme, loin du tumulte mais proche du centre de Paris en métro (Chatelet à 20 min à peine).	A louer à la semaine, charmant appartement haussmannien de 60m² donnant sur les Buttes Chaumont. Sans vis à vis, le nez dans les arbres, calme et  équipé pour accueillir un couple de 2 personnes avec 1 enfant. Ligne de métro 11 à proximité. A proximité: Le parc des Buttes Chaumont, il vous suffira de traverser la rue pour vous retrouvez dans le parc. Le village Jourdain et ses échoppes sont à quelques pas. Vous êtes au calme, loin du tumulte mais proche du centre de Paris en métro (Chatelet à 20 min à peine). Appartement entier Echange possible Le village Jourdain: situé au pied du parc des Buttes-Chaumont, ce village dynamique et contemporain accueille des boutiques de créateur et des librairies, dont la célèbre Librairie Photographique. Sans oublier des kyrielles de cafés branchés, à l'image de La Cagnotte de Belleville, situé au 13 rue Jean-Baptiste Dumay, où l'on peut écouter un concert et danser toute la nuit avec les habitants du quartier. Le Parc des Buttes Chaumont est très val
5408		Studio agréable, pratique possédant une pièce salon/chambre avec canapé lit, une cuisine relativement grande et une petite salle de bain. Situé à 2 pas du canal de l'Ourc et à 5 minutes à pied de Lavillette. idéal pour une personne seul ou un couple.
5409	Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interest (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Chatelet, Pompidou Center, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Louvre Museum,...) are only 10 minutes away by metro (Subway, tube) ! The home is just 50 m far away to the metro station which desserves the center of Paris. The biggest green area, parc of Paris is situated only 5 minutes away on foot (Buttes Chaumont). There is a big supermarket just at the entrance of the building which is open up to 21h30. The home is in the 5th floor in a building with several lift secured by camera and supervisor room and gatekeeper. The home is extremely clean, quiet and every kind of machines and equipments are available. I speak English and it would be a great pleasure for me to help and guide you in Paris. The total home surface is 50 m2 and the room is 14 m2. The WC and shower are separated. Home rented by a english speaking person! Distance from my home to main places of interest by tube	Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interests (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Notre Dame,...) are only 10 minutes away by subway ! The home is just 50 m away to metro. Home rented by a english speaking person!  Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interest (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Chatelet, Pompidou Center, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Louvre Museum,...) are only 10 minutes away by metro (Subway, tube) ! The home is just 50 m far away to the metro station which desserves the center of Paris. The biggest green area, parc of Paris is situated only 5 minutes away on foot (Buttes Chaumont). There is a big supermarket just at the entrance of the building which is open up to 21h30. The home is in the 5th floor in a building with several lift secured by camera and supervisor room and gatekeeper. The home is extremely clean, quiet and every kind of machines and equipments are available. I speak English and it 
5410	Canal de l'Ourcq Canal st Martin  Le 104 Le parc de la vilette Les buttes Chaumont Halle pajol et jardin d'eole 4 subway lines Stalingrad is the nearest subway stop (5 minutes' walk) Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est: 15 minutes' walk  Canal de l'Ourcq Canal st Martin  Le 104 Le parc de la vilette Les buttes Chaumont Halle pajol et jardin d'eole 4 subway lines Stalingrad is the nearest subway stop (5 minutes' walk) Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est: 15 minutes' walk	Elegant modern, calm appartement. Canal de l'Ourcq & canal St Martin (métro Stalingrad). View on Sacré Coeur. Sunshine all day. All-equiped kitchen & bathroom (dish washer & washing machine).  Room with double-bed & sofa bed in big living room. Canal de l'Ourcq Canal st Martin  Le 104 Le parc de la vilette Les buttes Chaumont Halle pajol et jardin d'eole 4 subway lines Stalingrad is the nearest subway stop (5 minutes' walk) Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est: 15 minutes' walk  Canal de l'Ourcq Canal st Martin  Le 104 Le parc de la vilette Les buttes Chaumont Halle pajol et jardin d'eole 4 subway lines Stalingrad is the nearest subway stop (5 minutes' walk) Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est: 15 minutes' walk Canal de l'Ourcq Canal st Martin  Le 104 Le parc de la vilette Les buttes Chaumont Halle pajol et jardin d'eole 4 subway lines Stalingrad is the nearest subway stop (5 minutes' walk) Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est: 15 minutes' walk
5411	Apartment T2 T3, 42m2, at the heart of the lively area of the Jordan, between both parks of the Buttes Chaumont and park of Belleville, close to everything trade and of the subway ( 11 ). Lounge, cooking, room(, SDB. Bright and pleasant. Ideal for 1 or 2 people	Appart T2 T3,  42m2, au coeur du quartier animé de Jourdain, entre les deux parcs des Buttes Chaumont et parc de Belleville,proche de tout commerces et du métro (11). salon,cuisine, chambre,  SDB. Lumineux et agréable. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Apartment T2 T3, 42m2, at the heart of the lively area of the Jordan, between both parks of the Buttes Chaumont and park of Belleville, close to everything trade and of the subway ( 11 ). Lounge, cooking, room(, SDB. Bright and pleasant. Ideal for 1 or 2 people
5412	The 34 m² flat is constituted by a large main room with a cosy living room side and a nice bed room side. The decoration give a warm atmosphere	Spacious studio with separate kitchen and bathroom, bed for 2, warm decor. Ideal for couples.  Convenient proximity to the north and east train stations (line 2, 5, 7). Canal district ourcq, young and friendly The 34 m² flat is constituted by a large main room with a cosy living room side and a nice bed room side. The decoration give a warm atmosphere Towel and sheets provided. No limitation of use. The flat will completly be yours during your stay ! The extremely nice concierge take care of the keys. Between La villette and Canal Saint- Martin, the Canal de l'Ourcq area is young, convivial and typical of the present Parisian life. Many bars line up along the canal where people meet in a chilled and quiet atmosphere. The flat is near Crimée station on line 7 (Louvre, Châtelet, Opéra ...). The lines 5, 2 et 12 are also close and easily reachable.
5413	You can enjoy the entire flat	2 rooms flat of 35m² located in a quiet alley. Large living room with an open kitchen. 200 meters from Stalingrad metro station (line 2, 5 and 7). 10minutes walking distance from gare du Nord
5414	"Three bedrooms Flat, close to the best genuine area of Paris ""Les Buttes Chaumont"". This flat is very quite and full of light. It's very close to one of the most beautiful park of Paris ""The Buttes of Chaumont"", the famous Belleville street, and the trandy bar/club/restaurant ""Rosa Bonheur"". You will have fun in this place and as the same time you can have some rest. For two or three person. It's like leaving in a small friendly and fun village in beautiful Paris !"	"Three bedrooms Flat, close to the best genuine area of Paris ""Les Buttes Chaumont"". This flat is very quite and full of light. It's very close to one of the most beautiful park of Paris ""The Buttes of Chaumont"", the famous Belleville street, and the trandy bar/club/restaurant ""Rosa Bonheur"". You will have fun in this place and as the same time you can have some rest. For two or three person. It's like leaving in a small friendly and fun village in beautiful Paris !"
5415	The flat is located in a very nice and quiet area of Paris. It is like living in a village with the hypercenter of Paris 15 minutes away with the subway.  The flat is an old flat, very cosy, with a big kitchen (for a parisian flat) to cook. You can easily stay with four people. 	L'appartement est situé près du parc des buttes chaumont, près du métro Pyrénées. Bonne connexion en métro pour le centre de Paris. Vous pouvez séjourner à quatre dans cet appartement, deux personnes dans le lit et deux dans le canapé. The flat is located in a very nice and quiet area of Paris. It is like living in a village with the hypercenter of Paris 15 minutes away with the subway.  The flat is an old flat, very cosy, with a big kitchen (for a parisian flat) to cook. You can easily stay with four people.  The neighbourhood is great ; one of the biggest and most romantic park of Paris, le parc des buttes chaumont is a the end of the steet and you can find all shops / bars / restaurants you want at the corner of the street.  Subway : metro pyrénées, lign 11 good connection to the hyper center of Paris
5416		Situé juste en face du parc de la villette avec ses activités culturelles et cinéma plein air en été.  Appartement calme et lumineux composé de 3 chambres. Tout confort, Wi-FI. Au pied du métro, 15mn du coeur de Paris. Parking payant juste en face. Tout l'appartement, 3 chambres Salon Séjour, cuisine Salle de bain Toilettes Situé juste en face du Parc de la Vilette, avec ses espaces verts où ont lieu le cinéma en plein air en été,  la grande halle, le Philarmonique, La Cité des sciences, La Géode. Adjacent à rue commercante avec restaurants, magasins, marchés. Juste au pied du métro. Direct du centre de Paris en 15mn. 10mn de Gare du nord avec RER pour aéroports. Possibilté parking payant couvert et surveillé juste en face de l'appartement.
5417	Peaceful and bright flat, all renovated beginning 2014 Cozy decorated / vintage flat with balcony overlooking garden, large corner sofa convertible into double bed room, table and 4 chairs.  Bedroom with a double bed  Bathroom with bath, separate WC  Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, freezer, oven, hob, kettle, dishwasher, washing machine  3rd floor with elevator	Deux pièces paisible 42 m2 avec balcon sur jardin, près du Canal St Martin, pour 2 à 3 personnes Flat with 2 rooms 42sqm with balcony on garden, close to Canal St Martin, for 2 to 3 people Peaceful and bright flat, all renovated beginning 2014 Cozy decorated / vintage flat with balcony overlooking garden, large corner sofa convertible into double bed room, table and 4 chairs.  Bedroom with a double bed  Bathroom with bath, separate WC  Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, freezer, oven, hob, kettle, dishwasher, washing machine  3rd floor with elevator
5418		Appartement moderne et confortable, idéalement situé le long du canal de l'Ourcq. En quittant la cour intérieur au charme typique de Paris, on peut apprécier une balade au bord de l'eau, le long des péniches, pour rejoindre en dix minutes le parc de La Villette, ou bien redescendre prendre un verre à la terrasse des bars branchés vers Stalingrad entre deux parties de pétanque ou de Möllky.
5419	Nice and attractive apartment under slope, a lot of charm, 2 rooms, in the 6th and last floor (without elevator, and yes we are in Paris!), nice little seen on roofs, old parquet, in the quiet absolute and very bright. Close to the park of Buttes Chaumont and the park of Belleville, ideal to take advantage of a fantastic view over Paris and in 2 minutes of the subway Pyrenees (line 11), you will be in 5 minutes of Republic and the Saint Martin canal, City hall to stroll in the Le Marais quarter, or still in 10 minutes of Châtelet, right in the heart of Paris! You can go to have a walk in the Tuileries, to visit the Louvre, and still to go to admire the Eiffel Tower! Nearby: transport, restaurants, bars, markets, shops, parks … The apartment is quite equipped, it includes: -a US kitchen with induction plate, oven, fan extractor, coffee machine Nespresso, big refrigerator / deep freeze, washing machine, and all the kitchenware. - A lounge consisted of a sofa, a coffee table, an armchair,	Nice and attractive apartment under slope, a lot of charm, 2 rooms, in the 6th and last floor (without elevator, and yes we are in Paris!), nice little seen on roofs, old parquet, in the quiet absolute and very bright. Close to the park of Buttes Chaumont and the park of Belleville, ideal to take advantage of a fantastic view over Paris and in 2 minutes of the subway Pyrenees (line 11), you will be in 5 minutes of Republic and the Saint Martin canal, City hall to stroll in the Le Marais quarter, or still in 10 minutes of Châtelet, right in the heart of Paris! You can go to have a walk in the Tuileries, to visit the Louvre, and still to go to admire the Eiffel Tower! Nearby: transport, restaurants, bars, markets, shops, parks … The apartment is quite equipped, it includes: -a US kitchen with induction plate, oven, fan extractor, coffee machine Nespresso, big refrigerator / deep freeze, washing machine, and all the kitchenware. - A lounge consisted of a sofa, a coffee table, an armchair,
5420		"typical parisian ""maid's room"" on top of a nice building Perfect view on the canal de l'Ourq located in Salingrad (line 2, line 5, line 7) 19 square meters 7th floor, no elevator,"
5421		Appartement T2  de 30m², composé d'une chambre, d'une salle à manger et coin cuisine. Bus et métro au pied de l'immeuble.  Quartier vivant et commerçant. Appartement calme et lumineux 7ème étage sans ascenceur
5422	Appartement avec Salon (canapé lit), 2 grandes chambres (une adulte avec lit double, une enfants avec 2 lits simples), cuisine équipée, Sdb, toilettes séparés, balcon filant exposé plein ouest (coucher de soleil).	Appartement 71m2 idéal pour visiter Paris en famille (2 adultes/2  enfants) dans résidence calme et arborée. 5 min du métro Riquet.  10 min du parc de la Villette / Cité des sciences, canal de l'Ourcq. 15 min de Montmartre, Opéra. 20 min Tour Eiffel. Appartement avec Salon (canapé lit), 2 grandes chambres (une adulte avec lit double, une enfants avec 2 lits simples), cuisine équipée, Sdb, toilettes séparés, balcon filant exposé plein ouest (coucher de soleil). TV, dvd, Wifi. Quartier animé à côté du 104 (centre artistique contemporain) Proche tous commerces, restaurants, pharmacie... Parc de la Villette/Cité des sciences/canal de l'Ourcq à pied 10 min. Métro Riquet, Crimée, Stalingrad à 5 minutes. 10min de gare de l'Est et gare du Nord.
5423	The apartment is right next to the Buttes chaumont garden, such a nice and romantic part of Paris. You'll enjoy the sun rise, sun set and sun itself at each part of the day, what a Joy :) The apartment is very safe, clean and ideal for any kind of stay into the french Capital : Paris.  BREAKFAST  It is possible to have breakfast into the residence every morning from 7 to 10 for 11 euros. LAUNDRY You can also do your own laundry for 5 euros and use the dryer machine for 2 euros. PARKING You can park your car into an exclusive underground parking that belongs to the residence for a supplement of 10 euros per day. An elevator brings you directly to the 6th floor, straight to the room. SMOKING The announce allows smokers but ONLY on the balcony in order to avoid any kind of bad smell. Thank you. 	While the apartment is calm, the apt is right next Buttes Chaumont park, the area offers and array of shops: old bookstores, organic supermarket, supermakets, renowned bakeries, cheese stores and butchers. The apartment is right next to the Buttes chaumont garden, such a nice and romantic part of Paris. You'll enjoy the sun rise, sun set and sun itself at each part of the day, what a Joy :) The apartment is very safe, clean and ideal for any kind of stay into the french Capital : Paris.  BREAKFAST  It is possible to have breakfast into the residence every morning from 7 to 10 for 11 euros. LAUNDRY You can also do your own laundry for 5 euros and use the dryer machine for 2 euros. PARKING You can park your car into an exclusive underground parking that belongs to the residence for a supplement of 10 euros per day. An elevator brings you directly to the 6th floor, straight to the room. SMOKING The announce allows smokers but ONLY on the balcony in order to avoid any kind of bad smell. Th
5424	Hello traveler You wanna visit Paris? My place has : 1 bedroom + 1 living room at Metro Laumiere near to: -Parc des buttes chaumont (10 mn by feet) -Parc de la villette (5 mn by feet) -Quais de la Seine (2 mn by feet) -Canal saint martin (10 mn with metro station) -Bastille (15mn with metro station) In this flat, you will find everything you need :  -1 sofa in the living room -1 bed for 2 people in the  bedroom -TV -Modern bathroom  -Internet  -Nespresso machine -kitchen stuff -etc Plus I'm from Paris and I love partying so I can give you all the good places you cant miss. Enjoy Paris :) 	Hello traveler You wanna visit Paris? My place has : 1 bedroom + 1 living room at Metro Laumiere near to: -Parc des buttes chaumont (10 mn by feet) -Parc de la villette (5 mn by feet) -Quais de la Seine (2 mn by feet) -Canal saint martin (10 mn with metro station) -Bastille (15mn with metro station) In this flat, you will find everything you need :  -1 sofa in the living room -1 bed for 2 people in the  bedroom -TV -Modern bathroom  -Internet  -Nespresso machine -kitchen stuff -etc Plus I'm from Paris and I love partying so I can give you all the good places you cant miss. Enjoy Paris :) 
5425	2 rooms apartment , from 1 to 2 people close to the buttes chaumont, la vilette's river basin and the Ourcq canal (19th disctrict), 5 minutes away by foot from the metro lines number 2 and 5 (Jaures station) and 20 seconds from the metro line 7bis (Bolivar station).	A space close to the canal to avoid the craziness of the touristy center but still living in it? I got a bedroom available, or even the whole apartment regarding the dates :) Would be happy to welcome you if I'm there. 2 rooms apartment , from 1 to 2 people close to the buttes chaumont, la vilette's river basin and the Ourcq canal (19th disctrict), 5 minutes away by foot from the metro lines number 2 and 5 (Jaures station) and 20 seconds from the metro line 7bis (Bolivar station). All basic equipment furnished. Carefree and  modern apartment In the living room : - hot spot's wifi (might be slow sometimes...) - Comfy couch - Professionnal sound system In the kitchen - two gaz stoves, - micro wave / oven - toaster, - coffee kettle, - kettle, - washing machine, - refregirator, - crockery In the showeroom - shower In the bedroom : - King size bed (160 x 190) - Dressing (shared with me!) - ironing board / flatiron - vaccum cleaner Sheets and towels furnished. Depending on the dates I might 
5426	très lumineux, vue directe sur le canal, à deux pas du parc de la Villette et de la cité des sciences.	Un petit studio 23m2 tout équipé, très lumineux, sur le bord du canal de l'ourcq, à deux pas du parc de la villette et de la cité des sciences. Métro crimée (ligne 7), et ourcq (ligne 5) à 5 minutes, arret de bus à 2 pas. très lumineux, vue directe sur le canal, à deux pas du parc de la Villette et de la cité des sciences.
5427	Entrance, bathroom, living room & kitchen	"27squ. m flat in a quiet & recent building, 4th floor with elevator. Center of the 19th district ; Canal de l’Ourcq, Parc des Buttes Chaumont & Place de Stalingrad are very close. You don't need anything else to enjoy your summer holidays in Paris! Entrance, bathroom, living room & kitchen You can use everything you find in the appartment, including closets. We will meet in person so we can give you the keys, and we will be available all the time by phone if you need any information or help. The appartment is located in the very center of the 19th district. Canal de l'Ourcq, Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Point Ephémère & Place Stalingrad - Rotonde (where you can chill with friends and find many bars) to less than 10min. walking. A little further there are Canal Saint Martin & Parc de la Villette. Cultural activities: Géode & Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, Philarmonie de Paris launched in 2015, Zénith de Paris (concerts - local & international artists) Cinema ""MK2 Quai de Loire, Quai "
5428	Le studio est très agréable et très lumineux, on s'y sent bien	Un studio très agréable de 25m2 dans le 20e arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes du quartier république, 15 minutes du centre Pompidou à Châtelet. Pleins de petits bars sympa autour, à deux pas de toute les nécessités. Proche parc buttes chaumont. Le studio est très agréable et très lumineux, on s'y sent bien Tout au long de votre séjour nous pourront communiquer je ne serais pas très loin dans Paris. En cas de questions, de problèmes, je suis entièrement disponible. Je pourrais à votre arrivée vous indiquer des bons plans parisiens, les musées, les endroits où sortir, où prendre un verre, où faire du shopping pas cher etc. Le quartier des buttes chaumont est le quartier artistique, culturel parisien par exellence. Loin de rien c'est un arrondissement où il fait bon vivre ! A une minutes du métro !
5429	C'est un grande pièce, dans laquelle vous pourrez dormir jusqu'à 4 car il y a un lit (avec un super matelas !) et un clic-clac. Nous avons également une place de parking à disposition. 	Chambre lumineuse et calme pour vous reposer entre vos différentes visites sur Paris. Appartement situé à 2 pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont dans un un quartier vivant et familial.  Grande pièce de vie : coin chambre/coin salon (avec clic-clac). C'est un grande pièce, dans laquelle vous pourrez dormir jusqu'à 4 car il y a un lit (avec un super matelas !) et un clic-clac. Nous avons également une place de parking à disposition. Vous aurez accès libre à tout l'appartement, mise à part ma chambre ;-) Avec plaisir je vous donnerais tous mes bons plans parisiens : pièce de théâtre, restaurant, visite, idée de sortie.... L'appartement se situe à 5mn du quartier populaire de Belleville, à 5 mn du parc des Buttes Chaumont tout en étant dans une rue calme. 4 stations de métro nous sépare de Châtelet et du centre de Paris. Les stations de métros les plus proches sont à 5 minutes à pieds.
5430	Between the park Buttes-Chaumont and Belleville, a  23m2 studio with a small seperate kitchen and bathroom with bathtub. Bright and very relaxing space on the 6th floor in Art Deco house overlooking the tree crowns in summer but in winter you see beyond the trees the cathedral Sacre Coeur by Montmartre and small part of the Eiffel Tower!  Two lifts!  Oak floors, central heating, original tiling and doors. There is a convertible sofa / bed for 2 people. There is no washing machine but a coin laundry just 10 meters up the road. Internet connection and telephone to landline free of charge if in france and many other countries. SITUATED: 3 minutes walk to the Belleville or the Pyrénées metro stations, 1 minute walk to the Buttes-Chaumont park, 10 minutes walk to vibrant Oberkampf area, Republique or the canal Saint Martin. Bakery 2 doors away, butcher, wine, flower, vegetable shop 2 minutes up the road, Chinatown down the slope, cafés, bars and restaurants..  I must say it is a very practi	Between the park Buttes-Chaumont and Belleville, a  23m2 studio with a small seperate kitchen and bathroom with bathtub. Bright and very relaxing space on the 6th floor in Art Deco house overlooking the tree crowns in summer but in winter you see beyond the trees the cathedral Sacre Coeur by Montmartre and small part of the Eiffel Tower!  Two lifts!  Oak floors, central heating, original tiling and doors. There is a convertible sofa / bed for 2 people. There is no washing machine but a coin laundry just 10 meters up the road. Internet connection and telephone to landline free of charge if in france and many other countries. SITUATED: 3 minutes walk to the Belleville or the Pyrénées metro stations, 1 minute walk to the Buttes-Chaumont park, 10 minutes walk to vibrant Oberkampf area, Republique or the canal Saint Martin. Bakery 2 doors away, butcher, wine, flower, vegetable shop 2 minutes up the road, Chinatown down the slope, cafés, bars and restaurants..  I must say it is a very practi
5431	The available 2-bedroom apartment can sleep 6 people and are suitable for large families and groups of friends. They come with master bedroom with a double bed and a second bedroom with a pair of twin beds. Further are available a nicely quipped kitchen with dining zone, a lounge area with a sofa-bed, a bathroom with tub and shower room. The additional highlights include: • Broadband internet • Freeview TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Individual safe • Laundry Facilities • Weekly Maid Service • Lift The residence comes with a garden and onsite parking. Pets are allowed.	The available 2-bedroom apartment can sleep 6 people and are suitable for large families and groups of friends. They come with master bedroom with a double bed and a second bedroom with a pair of twin beds. Further are available a nicely quipped kitchen with dining zone, a lounge area with a sofa-bed, a bathroom with tub and shower room. The additional highlights include: • Broadband internet • Freeview TV • Direct Dial Telephone • Individual safe • Laundry Facilities • Weekly Maid Service • Lift The residence comes with a garden and onsite parking. Pets are allowed. This appealing residence offers serviced apartments for short and long term rent. It has an enviable location in the center of the 19th arrondissement, in the new residential district Buttes-Chaumont in the capital of France. The mansion is booked by business travelers and holiday makers and is set near the Buttes-Chaumont park and Canal de l'Ourcq. Within close reach are also the Russian church of Saint Serge and the Roth
5432	Modern building with private garden. Security 24/24. Stereo, computer, super fast internet (optical fiber + wifi). Free phone calls (France+100countries). プライベートガーデン付きのモダンな建物。セキュリティ24分の24。ステレオ、コンピュータ、インターネット。無料通話（フランス100カ国）	"Great location on the canal. We often lived with Japanese women. 運河の素晴らしいロケーション。 私たちはしばしば日本人と同棲。 Modern building with private garden. Security 24/24. Stereo, computer, super fast internet (optical fiber + wifi). Free phone calls (France+100countries). プライベートガーデン付きのモダンな建物。セキュリティ24分の24。ステレオ、コンピュータ、インターネット。無料通話（フランス100カ国） Bathroom Kitchen バスルーム キッチン Advices on Paris in french, english, or portuguese. Sharing some recipes and art exhibitions... Trendy café-restaurants and all convenient stores. Public swimming pool, ice rink, rowing base. Parks, theatres, auditorium, libraries, museums, ... トレンディなカフェレストランや、すべてのコンビニエンスストア。公共スイミングプール、アイススケートリンク、ローイングベース。公園、劇場、講堂、図書館、博物館、... Several subway stations (Lignes 7, 5, 2). Nearest subway station: Riquet (200 meters) Velib station (20 meters) Train station ""Gare du Nord"" (1800 meters) Train station ""Gare de l'Est"" (2000 meters) いくつかの地下鉄駅（リーニュ7、5、2）。 最寄りの地下鉄駅：リケ（200メートル） 自転車ステーション（20メートル） 鉄道駅 ""北駅」（1800メートル） 鉄道駅 ""東駅」（2000メートル） The kitchen is separated "
5433	Refait à neuf, ce romantique deux-pièces de 35m2 au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur), sans vis à vis est idéal pour un séjour en couple. L'appartement se divise ainsi:  - chambre spacieuse avec lit double et bureau,  - cuisine sur mesure et totalement équipée (four, plaques à induction, frigo, congélateur,)  - douche Italienne,  - un salon avec un canapé confortable, une table-à-manger, Internet/Wifi et chaines câblées TV. 	Refait à neuf, ce romantique deux-pièces de 35m2 au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur), sans vis à vis est idéal pour un séjour en couple. L'appartement se divise ainsi:  - chambre spacieuse avec lit double et bureau,  - cuisine sur mesure et totalement équipée (four, plaques à induction, frigo, congélateur,)  - douche Italienne,  - un salon avec un canapé confortable, une table-à-manger, Internet/Wifi et chaines câblées TV. les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Je parle anglais et allemand, je vous accueillerai moi-même et serai disponible au téléphone pour des conseils tout au long de votre séjour. Appartement très bien situé, à 5min à pied du jardin des Buttes-Chaumont duquel on peut voir tout Paris. Il est à 5min à pied du canal de l'Ourcq et 2min à pied du canal Saint-Martin.  En bas de l'immeuble, vous pouvez trouver tous les commerces nécessaires, le marché Secrétan, des supermarchés, boulangeries, pharmacies, tabac, plusieurs magasins bio, ainsi que des restaurants - bars et c
5434	C'est une agréable chambre qui donne de plein pied sur la cour arborée par une double porte-fenêtre. Le lit  est queen size de 160cm. A la suite vous avez un dressing et une grande salle de bain design avec baignoire, douche italienne et WC.  	Une chambre d’hôte  très au calme dans une maison d'architecte avec votre entrée indépendante donnant sur une cour arborée. A 5 mn à pied du métro Jourdain pour aller visiter tout Paris et à 5mn du parc des Buttes Chaumont pour se détendre au vert. C'est une agréable chambre qui donne de plein pied sur la cour arborée par une double porte-fenêtre. Le lit  est queen size de 160cm. A la suite vous avez un dressing et une grande salle de bain design avec baignoire, douche italienne et WC. Vous pouvez utiliser la cour arborée de la maison quand vous le souhaitez pour vous détendre, prendre un apéro, lire... Si le temps le permet, je peux vous préparer le petit déjeuner à la table de la cour si vous le souhaitez. Sinon, je vous l'apporterai sur un plateau dans votre chambre. Il y a un frigidaire à votre disposition dans notre buanderie. Nous habitons dans la même maison à une autre entrée. De ce fait vous pouvez venir nous voir quand vous voulez si vous avez besoin d'assistance ou de consei
5435	Last floor with elevator in a recent building. Duplex with 4 separate rooms. two rooms with double bed. One room with two single beds. One room with one single bed. Plus a sofa bed in the living room.	In the Jourdain disctrict, 10 min from Chatelet, Paris center, my double floor apartment, fully equiped is perfect for 8 persons. The apartment is spacious and quiet.  All sort of shops and commodities nearby. Last floor with elevator in a recent building. Duplex with 4 separate rooms. two rooms with double bed. One room with two single beds. One room with one single bed. Plus a sofa bed in the living room. métro jourdain 2 min, parc buttes chaumont 5 min. Center of Paris in 10 minutes. Acces to all monuments in less than 30 min. close to  Charles de Gaulle airport (30 min by cab). just for the check in. Jourdain distrcit is like a village in Paris. The very parisian atmosphere is warm and welcoming. It is full of small food shops, bakery, cheese, wine merchant, typical cafés by tube : ligne 11 station jourdain or ligne 7 bis station Botzaris. by Bus 26, 48 ou 60. 
5436		Quartier commerçant, multi-culturel, près de la Philarmonie et du parc des Buttes Chaumont.  Proche du métro Laumière , des gares de l'Est et du Nord, du canal de l'Ourcq et Saint Martin. 2ème chambre pour 3ème personne.  Salle de bain privée pour 3 Un séjour de 2 nuits minimum
5437	Situé dans un des quartier les plus animé de Paris, à 2 pas des commerces et des restaurants. 15 minutes à pieds Place de la République et Canal Saint-Martin.  L'appartement se compose : d’une entrée, d’un salon, d’une cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, plaquette induction, four, micro-ondes), de 3 chambres (3 lits de 140 cm et 1 lit de 90 cm + 1 canapé lit) dont une chambre avec douche,  d’une salle de bain avec douche italienne, 1 WC.  Au sous-sol se trouvent une pièce de jeux et la buanderie. L’appartement dispose de 2 TV et du wifi.	"Ce spacieux appartement de 95 m2  permet d’accueillir confortablement 8 personnes.  La hauteur sous plafond, le parquet, les belles poutres apparentes ainsi que sa baie vitrée industrielle lui donnent un cachet unique dans un esprit loft. Situé dans un des quartier les plus animé de Paris, à 2 pas des commerces et des restaurants. 15 minutes à pieds Place de la République et Canal Saint-Martin.  L'appartement se compose : d’une entrée, d’un salon, d’une cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, plaquette induction, four, micro-ondes), de 3 chambres (3 lits de 140 cm et 1 lit de 90 cm + 1 canapé lit) dont une chambre avec douche,  d’une salle de bain avec douche italienne, 1 WC.  Au sous-sol se trouvent une pièce de jeux et la buanderie. L’appartement dispose de 2 TV et du wifi. Le quartier ""Pyrénées - Belleville"" est très vivant et offre de nombreux commerces et restaurants ouverts à tous moments. Il est situé entre les métros Pyrénées  (2 min à pieds) et Belleville (5 min à pieds) ce qui perme"
5438	"In the heart of Paris, between the beautiful ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"" and the very romantic ""Canal Saint-Martin"", you will appreciate the quiet and very parisian atmosphere of this neighbourhood. The building is situated boulevard de la Villette, just steps away from the metro station ""Colonel Fabien"" (line #2) direct to the Champs Elysées, the Moulin Rouge, the Bastille, the Place de la République...  It is a lovely studio of 25 m2 (270 ft2) in a typical parisian building with a digicode and an interphone. It consists of a hallway with dressing, a private bathroom, a separated kitchen and a main room divided in 2 areas: the bedroom corner and the living room corner.  Situated on the 2d floor, it overlooks a very quiet courtyard and its double-glazing windows make it a perfect place to rest. Main room: Wooden floor Queen size bed Sofa-bed (single) TV with international chanels Dvd player Table and chairs Dressing Miror Bookshelf Kitchen: Ceramic floor Multifunction oven (fan assisted"	"Your perfect vacation rental, close to the Canal St-Martin and its lovely cafés and boutiques. Charming studio fully furnished. Sleeps 2/3 (queen-size bed and single sofa bed). You’ll feel home immediately!  Metro station steps away. In the heart of Paris, between the beautiful ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"" and the very romantic ""Canal Saint-Martin"", you will appreciate the quiet and very parisian atmosphere of this neighbourhood. The building is situated boulevard de la Villette, just steps away from the metro station ""Colonel Fabien"" (line #2) direct to the Champs Elysées, the Moulin Rouge, the Bastille, the Place de la République...  It is a lovely studio of 25 m2 (270 ft2) in a typical parisian building with a digicode and an interphone. It consists of a hallway with dressing, a private bathroom, a separated kitchen and a main room divided in 2 areas: the bedroom corner and the living room corner.  Situated on the 2d floor, it overlooks a very quiet courtyard and its double-glazing wi"
5439	Studette accueillante et douillette en plein cœur des Buttes Chaumont, idéale pour découvrir La ville Magique Parisienne en amoureux. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes et est très central, dans une rue animée par différents commerces et restaurants. c'est magique!!!  Studette accueillante et douillette en plein cœur des Buttes Chaumont, idéale pour découvrir La ville Magique Parisienne en amoureux. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes et est très central, dans une rue animée par différents commerces et restaurants. c'est magique!!!  La studette est à deux pas du Parc des buttes chaumont. Le quartier est très bien desservi par les transport. C'est la meilleure partie du 19ème arrondissement. Dans les jardins du siècle des lumières, les grandes étendues sauvages sont appelées « déserts », ils se veulent une représentation de la nature primitive. Dans la deuxième moitié du XIXe siècle, le parc des Buttes Chaumont inaugure un nouveau type de fabriques comme affirmation de la révolution in	Studette accueillante et douillette en plein cœur des Buttes Chaumont, idéale pour découvrir La ville Magique Parisienne en amoureux. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes et est très central, dans une rue animée par différents commerces et restaurants. c'est magique!!! Studette accueillante et douillette en plein cœur des Buttes Chaumont, idéale pour découvrir La ville Magique Parisienne en amoureux. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes et est très central, dans une rue animée par différents commerces et restaurants. c'est magique!!!  Studette accueillante et douillette en plein cœur des Buttes Chaumont, idéale pour découvrir La ville Magique Parisienne en amoureux. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes et est très central, dans une rue animée par différents commerces et restaurants. c'est magique!!!  La studette est à deux pas du Parc des buttes chaumont. Le quartier est très bien desservi par les transport. C'est la meilleure partie du 19ème arrondissement. Dans les jardins du siècle des
5440	very cosy apartment, fully equiped where you can relax after having spent your day outside visiting.	Very cosy and confortable apartment. At 6th floor without elevator. It is composed of a bathroom - shower and wc, a amin room very cosy apartment, fully equiped where you can relax after having spent your day outside visiting. full apartment a guest book is available with all my suggestions and area tips to help you during your stay. You can also call  me anytime during your stay. easy access with the metro ligne 7 and bus 54 to most touristic areas such as Montmartre, Opera, Chatelet, Bastille, Republique, Grand Boulevards, Ile de la Cité and St Louis.
5441		Nice apartment in Buttes-Chaumont zo. It's an apartement of 30m2 between 19e, 20e and 11e   5th floor without lift. 2 rooms: - Room 1: life room :kitchenette with oven, hobs, washingmachine and sofa bed - Room 2: the bedroom with bed (160 cm wide)
5442		independant flat ground level in a large house, entirely renewed june 2015 to rent for 2 weeks 15/31 july and 16/31 august, 500€ a week, first floor of a townhouse, all included : fully equiped kitchen and washing/drying machine, internet 100 Mbs, ro
5443	This studio is located right near a fun community center (the 104) where you can go watch performers practice, eat at a great cafe, and visit one of the best organic markets in the city on Saturdays. Only two blocks away from a great area of the Canal, there is so much to see and do in walking distance. And if you plan to spend most of your time visiting Paris's famous landmarks, you're only a 5 minute walk away from metro line 7 which goes into the city center in just a few stops.	This sunny studio is 2 blocks away from the canal called Basin de la Villette, with lots of nightlife and is close to major metro lines. Enjoy the neighborhood or stay in and relax on the balcony, in this spacious flat that is calm and welcoming. This studio is located right near a fun community center (the 104) where you can go watch performers practice, eat at a great cafe, and visit one of the best organic markets in the city on Saturdays. Only two blocks away from a great area of the Canal, there is so much to see and do in walking distance. And if you plan to spend most of your time visiting Paris's famous landmarks, you're only a 5 minute walk away from metro line 7 which goes into the city center in just a few stops. The neighborhood is eclectic and unique, with a great buzz in the evenings along the canal. There are numerous supermarkets and shops along Avenue de Flandres, and you can easily cross the canal via one of the footbridges if you want to visit Le Parc Buttes Chaumont
5444	This place is a tidy and spacious one bedroom apartment. In the kitchen you will find everything you need (coffee, fridge…) and in the bedroom you will have a comfortable bed that suits perfectly for 2 persons. Bathroom includes a real shower and toilets are separated.	Our place is a tidy (23m2) but spacious one bedroom apartment This place is a tidy and spacious one bedroom apartment. In the kitchen you will find everything you need (coffee, fridge…) and in the bedroom you will have a comfortable bed that suits perfectly for 2 persons. Bathroom includes a real shower and toilets are separated. I will be available via phone or email to assist with any situations while you are at our place and during the check-in, I will be happy to give a quick tour of the neighborhood and answer any questions! The apartment is ideally located, 5 mn walk from Buttes Chaumont park and 10/15mn walk from Canal Saint-Martin. Metro is also very close (5mn walk from station Botzaris, on line 7) and there are plenty of bus stops all around.
5445	Appartement refait à neuf tout équipé, ascenseur, wifi, tv, etc. / full equiped flat, lift, etc.	We rent a room (spacious and luminous) in hour flat with access to every comodities. In the room you'll have a king size bed, closets, a desk, an arm chair, etc. Perfect for two people, doable for more if necessary. The flat is located in the 19th arrondissement close to 3 metro lines (direct to the center, 15mins), buses, Butte Chaumont and La Vilette parcs, canals, etc. Perfect for an easy stay in Paris. Hablomos español tambien Appartement refait à neuf tout équipé, ascenseur, wifi, tv, etc. / full equiped flat, lift, etc. entrée sécurisée, deux portes, concierge we speak english y hablamos español 5mins du Parc des Buttes Chaumont, de la Vilette, du canal d'Ourcq proximité (5mins) lignes de métro 5, 7bis et 11 et bus N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute question / Do not hesitate to contact me for any question
5446	The flat is full equipped & in perfect state, for a pleasant stay in Paris. On the last floor of an old fashion building (7th floor, with elevator), you will get a nice view (Eiffel Tower) and  lot of natural light, your eyes will be in the sky and you will enjoy nice sunshine.   Perfect place for a romantic stay, or also to spend time with friends or your family. The Neighborhood is quiet, with lot of small shops around, some specialized in bio food and items, and an excellent bakery  in front of the building for your delicious breakfasts !  Near the Canal Saint Martin and Belleville  districts (15mn walking), authentic districts, you are also very well connected in subway or bus to all the touristic places.	Beautiful 65sqm flat in old style building, just a step from the Buttes Chaumont park. 2 rooms, Wi-Fi connection, close to shops & subway, 10mn walking to Saint Martin Canal, Belleville districts. 20mn to the center (Beaubourg, Cité) by subway or bus The flat is full equipped & in perfect state, for a pleasant stay in Paris. On the last floor of an old fashion building (7th floor, with elevator), you will get a nice view (Eiffel Tower) and  lot of natural light, your eyes will be in the sky and you will enjoy nice sunshine.   Perfect place for a romantic stay, or also to spend time with friends or your family. The Neighborhood is quiet, with lot of small shops around, some specialized in bio food and items, and an excellent bakery  in front of the building for your delicious breakfasts !  Near the Canal Saint Martin and Belleville  districts (15mn walking), authentic districts, you are also very well connected in subway or bus to all the touristic places. All the flat will be yours! Av
5447		On the 1th floor of a typical Parisian building situated in a quite courtyard, comfortably furnished apartment comprises of a 2 bedrooms with a double bed (futon), living area with an extra single bed that accommodates one extra person and sofa bed
5448		Beau 2 pièces situé dans le quartier animé du bassin de la Villette, vue sur le canal, propre. Espace optimisé, chambre avec 2 lits enfant superposés et un canapé convertible. Le séjour avec un vrai lit escamotable. équipements bébé
5449		Prévu pour recevoir les voyageurs les plus exigeants cet appartement est décoré et rénové pour vous recevoir avec le maximum de confort. Chambre avec lit de marque tout neuf (2015),très grande pièce principale avec parquet,bar en chêne,canapé lit grand confort , et cuisine ouverte sur le salon entièrement équipée jusqu'au plus petits détails (four,micro-onde,grille pain,plaque induction, bouilloire et cafetière) .Enfin une salle de bain spacieuse avec grande douche massante, miroirs,lave linge n
5450	Appartement tout confort de 80 m2 refait à neuf en 2012 dans un immeuble des années 70 donnant sur une petite rue calme et peu passante.  - Séjour de 25 m2 avec un coin salon et salle à manger ; avec la rallonge il est possible de manger à 8 personnes. Petit balcon  avec 1 table et 2 chaises . - Cuisine ouverte avec équipement neuf : four électrique , four à micro ondes , cuisinière à gaz , lave vaisselle , réfrigérateur , congélateur , expresso . - 3 chambres : une chambre avec lit double                          une chambre avec lit simple                          convertible en lit de 200 x200                         une chambre avec mezzanine                          1 personne et canapé convertible                           2 pers. Lit bébé disponible si besoin. - 1 salle de bain ( baignoire et lavabo) avec lave linge. - 1 salle d'eau ( douche et lavabo ) - Toilette séparé - Internet , Wifi Notre appartement est très bien situé . Accès facile en voiture ( sortie porte des Lilas ) 	Appartement tout confort de 80 m2 refait à neuf en 2012 dans un immeuble des années 70 donnant sur une petite rue calme et peu passante.  - Séjour de 25 m2 avec un coin salon et salle à manger ; avec la rallonge il est possible de manger à 8 personnes. Petit balcon  avec 1 table et 2 chaises . - Cuisine ouverte avec équipement neuf : four électrique , four à micro ondes , cuisinière à gaz , lave vaisselle , réfrigérateur , congélateur , expresso . - 3 chambres : une chambre avec lit double                          une chambre avec lit simple                          convertible en lit de 200 x200                         une chambre avec mezzanine                          1 personne et canapé convertible                           2 pers. Lit bébé disponible si besoin. - 1 salle de bain ( baignoire et lavabo) avec lave linge. - 1 salle d'eau ( douche et lavabo ) - Toilette séparé - Internet , Wifi Notre appartement est très bien situé . Accès facile en voiture ( sortie porte des Lilas ) 
5451	Ideal for families who seek for light , quitness and space after a day of sightseeing in Paris. This 76 m2 modern flat is located avenue Jean Jaurès, Paris 19, next to  the Ibis hotel. Tube stations : Laumière Jaurès (lines 5 and 2). Located on the 7th floor, its original lay-out arrangement gives it exceptional brightness. The outdoor terrace is equipped with table and chairs and offers a beautiful view on Haussmann-style buildings. The master bedroom has a double bed and a professional electric piano. It is separated from the lounge by Japanese blinds. In the lounge, the sofa offers a comfortable bed for 1 person (85cmX110 cm) (no need to unfold). The spacious kitchen/ dining room is fully equipped and its terrace overlooks a large garden. The child's bedroom is equipped with an adult convenient bunk bed  (size 1 person) and a desk. An inflatable extra bed (size 1 person) may be installed under the mezzanine for a child. The shower room and toilet are separated. The washing machine r	Ideal for families who seek for light , quitness and space after a day of sightseeing in Paris. This 76 m2 modern flat is located avenue Jean Jaurès, Paris 19, next to  the Ibis hotel. Tube stations : Laumière Jaurès (lines 5 and 2). Located on the 7th floor, its original lay-out arrangement gives it exceptional brightness. The outdoor terrace is equipped with table and chairs and offers a beautiful view on Haussmann-style buildings. The master bedroom has a double bed and a professional electric piano. It is separated from the lounge by Japanese blinds. In the lounge, the sofa offers a comfortable bed for 1 person (85cmX110 cm) (no need to unfold). The spacious kitchen/ dining room is fully equipped and its terrace overlooks a large garden. The child's bedroom is equipped with an adult convenient bunk bed  (size 1 person) and a desk. An inflatable extra bed (size 1 person) may be installed under the mezzanine for a child. The shower room and toilet are separated. The washing machine r
5452	"Mon studio n'est pas bien grand, mais plutôt bien aménagé ! Vous y passerez des nuits calme il ne donne pas sur la rue (d'ailleurs peu fréquenté) mais sur la cour. Petite salle de bains avec douche et WC. Il est situé au rez de chaussé d'un immeuble haussmannien et donne sur une petite cour. Il dispose d'un lave-linge, d'un micro onde et d'un four. Un lit BZ et un lit mezzanine seront à votre disposition. Vous pourrez donc dormir à 4 ! Le Centre Culturel ""104"" est situé à 2 pas. Le Bassin de la Villette, très proche, est très animé. Vous pourrez y jouer à la pétanque, piqueniquer au bord de l'eau, se promener le long du Canal Saint Martin mais aussi dans le Parc des ""Buttes Chaumont"" ou encore à la Cité des Sciences ou celle de la Musique, Montmartre est à 15 minutes. Et bien entendu tout paris s'offrira à vous en quelque minutes de métro !  Tous commerces et restaurants dans la rue, en passant de la poste à la banque, du coiffeur au médecin ou de l'épicerie au supermarché !"	"Mon studio n'est pas bien grand, mais plutôt bien aménagé ! Vous y passerez des nuits calme il ne donne pas sur la rue (d'ailleurs peu fréquenté) mais sur la cour... Mon studio n'est pas bien grand, mais plutôt bien aménagé ! Vous y passerez des nuits calme il ne donne pas sur la rue (d'ailleurs peu fréquenté) mais sur la cour. Petite salle de bains avec douche et WC. Il est situé au rez de chaussé d'un immeuble haussmannien et donne sur une petite cour. Il dispose d'un lave-linge, d'un micro onde et d'un four. Un lit BZ et un lit mezzanine seront à votre disposition. Vous pourrez donc dormir à 4 ! Le Centre Culturel ""104"" est situé à 2 pas. Le Bassin de la Villette, très proche, est très animé. Vous pourrez y jouer à la pétanque, piqueniquer au bord de l'eau, se promener le long du Canal Saint Martin mais aussi dans le Parc des ""Buttes Chaumont"" ou encore à la Cité des Sciences ou celle de la Musique, Montmartre est à 15 minutes. Et bien entendu tout paris s'offrira à vous en quelque "
5453		parc des Buttes Chaumont et le Bassin de La Villette, à quelques minutes à pieds. Ensoleillé l'après midi. proche de toutes commodités (supermarché, primeur, boulangerie, boucherie, bar). 1/4 heure canal st-martin cuisine/salle de bain séparées
5454		2 bedrooms in a spacious and functional flat: TV, Xbox, dish washer, washing machine, cooker. About 5 minutes walk to the Canal Ourq, parc of Buttes Chaumont and metro station Laumière (line 5).
5455	It is an apartment very pleasant to live.  The kitchen is full equipped, the two bedroom are confortable, the view since the lounge is pleasant and cleared.  We feel there very well!	"At the subway Laumière, a warm apartment of 645 ft2 with 2 bedrooms. A fully-equipped kitchen, a bright lounge and the Park of the Buttes Chaumont in five minutes on foot. Parisian typical coffees, good restaurants and all you need.  It is an apartment very pleasant to live.  The kitchen is full equipped, the two bedroom are confortable, the view since the lounge is pleasant and cleared.  We feel there very well! The tenants have access in all of the apartment. All the exchanges are welcome. It is very important for me to communicate well before the arrival of the travelers  to feel in a mutual confidence. The district of Laumière is very charming. Scoops, bakers, pastry cooks, cheese maker, adorable cofees shop and restaurants, supermarkets... everything is there to be happy. The biggest Park of Paris "" The park of the Buttes Chaumont "" is at the end of the avenue of Laumière in five minutes on foot from the apartment. LAUMIERE is your  subway station. (L5= the orange line)  Very good"
5456	A cosy and quiet apartment with 32m2, at the 2nd floor of a new building with lift. Fully equipped: Wifi, TV, washing machine and electric range. Towels, sheets, shower products and hair-dryers supplied. Charming surroundings with the beautiful park of Buttes Chaumont, la Vilette and the Canal de l'Ourcq only 2 streets away.	A new and cosy studio (32m2) near the Canal de l'Orcq, one of the top Parisian spots during the summer. Close metro, lines 5, 2 & 7. The Buttes Chaumont park and La Villette (big concert venues, open-air film festival) are only 10 minutes walking. A cosy and quiet apartment with 32m2, at the 2nd floor of a new building with lift. Fully equipped: Wifi, TV, washing machine and electric range. Towels, sheets, shower products and hair-dryers supplied. Charming surroundings with the beautiful park of Buttes Chaumont, la Vilette and the Canal de l'Ourcq only 2 streets away. Easy access to Gare do Nord with the train (RER) B from both Orly and Charles de Gaulle airports. And then line 5 (orange). The closest metro is line 5 (takes to Bastille, Republique), 2 streets away. Lines 7 and 2 are only 7-10min walking.
5457	Neo fifties atmosphere	"Welcome to this neo fifties sunny 2 bedroom flat with view on Montmartre Sacré Coeur, in the heart of trendy Buttes Chaumont quarter!  Buttes chaumont, Jaures area, Canal Saint Martin and Belleville are the latest trendy places where to be in Paris for parisians: artists, cafes, concert bars, Mk2 cinemas, famous ""Cent Quatre"" culture event centre, sport centre and 1min walk swim pool, Buttes Chaumont Park (biggest park inner Paris) will offer you a dive in a different view of Paris. All of that only 15 min away from Montmartre and Pigalle area. You'll feel like a real parisian!"
5458	Cosy, clean, very quiet, very well located in the hippest area in Paris! 6th floor with a lift. Please see all the pictures and do not hesitate to contact me.	Renovated apartment enjoying a sunny location+terrace.This vintage style flat includes a dble bedroom and can comfortably accommodate 2 people (even +). Well located by the canal,close to subway and train stations (gare du Nord), 2 parks and museums! Cosy, clean, very quiet, very well located in the hippest area in Paris! 6th floor with a lift. Please see all the pictures and do not hesitate to contact me. You can enjoy the whole flat. Smoking is allowed outside on the teracce The flat is all yours during your stay but of course I can easily be reached via Airbnb to get more information! Amazing and peaceful place at the Parisian canal, many parks around, many bars like Rosa Bonheur in les Buttes Chaumont . Line 5 direct to Republique or Bastille or line 7 to go to Opera or Chatelet.  My flat is located in the hippest Parisian place! Also very close to Montmartre! From both airports (take RER B direction Paris), get off the train at Gare du Nord then take the subway line 5 ( direction 
5459	The main room has a sofa bed (160 cm) with an excellent mattress specially designed for daily use , a dressing room where an iron if needed. A fireplace topped by a large mirror created a peaceful and romantic atmosphere. A fully equipped kitchen ( induction hob , fridge freezer, oven / microwave , kettle , toaster ...) and basic ingredients such as olive oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, sugar , coffee, tea and condiments ... The bathroom is tiled in white with the famous tiles used in the Paris Metro. It is equipped with a washing machine, hair dryer,. And of course linen and towels are also provided. The apartment is exceptionally quiet, with usually all that can be heard as morning melodies that are songbirds from the garden. This apartment is also very secure thanks to its double glazing and lock 5 points of the front door windows ... and besides, the police is only 50 meters down the street, we can in fact be quiet. Located at the corner of the famous Canal, built by Napoleon Bonaparte	Located in the heart of the famous Canal Saint-Martin, the studio 18 square meters, 2nd floor was recently renovated by an architect. It features a beautiful courtyard with garden view. The main room has a sofa bed (160 cm) with an excellent mattress specially designed for daily use , a dressing room where an iron if needed. A fireplace topped by a large mirror created a peaceful and romantic atmosphere. A fully equipped kitchen ( induction hob , fridge freezer, oven / microwave , kettle , toaster ...) and basic ingredients such as olive oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, sugar , coffee, tea and condiments ... The bathroom is tiled in white with the famous tiles used in the Paris Metro. It is equipped with a washing machine, hair dryer,. And of course linen and towels are also provided. The apartment is exceptionally quiet, with usually all that can be heard as morning melodies that are songbirds from the garden. This apartment is also very secure thanks to its double glazing and lock 5 point
5460	Appartement idéalement placé dans les hauts de Belleville. Logement très lumineux de 50m², avec un très long balcon. Deux chambres avec lits doubles. Wi-fi puissante. Apartment with two bedrooms, ideally placed on the Belleville's hill. 50m², very luminous, with a long balcony. Wi-fi.	Trois pièces dans un quartier typique et animé, grand balcon de 17 mètres, 4 personnes au minimum, métro ligne 11 à une minute, parc des Buttes- Chaumont à trois minutes. Apartment with two bedrooms in a lively neighborhood, long balcony, near metro Appartement idéalement placé dans les hauts de Belleville. Logement très lumineux de 50m², avec un très long balcon. Deux chambres avec lits doubles. Wi-fi puissante. Apartment with two bedrooms, ideally placed on the Belleville's hill. 50m², very luminous, with a long balcony. Wi-fi. Métro ligne 11 à une minute. Parc des Buttes-Chaumont à trois minutes, parc de Belleville à quatre minutes. Centre d'art contemporain national du Plateau à 2 minutes (entrée libre). Très nombreux commerces de proximité au pied de l'immeuble, dans un quartier très animé et vivant. Metro at one minute (so Châtelet at 10 minutes), several parks at 3 or 4 minutes on foot. A lot of shops just near, in a lively neighborhood. Nous serons disponibles pour répondre au 
5461	The flat is perfect for a couple but it can welcome 4 people very well, thanks to the confortable sofa bed in the living room. 	Very bright and very nice apartment, ideal localisation. On one side : a beautiful view on Paris and Buttes Chaumont. On the other side : A big balcony where you can have dinner or where you can take a nap in our hammock. The flat is perfect for a couple but it can welcome 4 people very well, thanks to the confortable sofa bed in the living room. Kitchen, fridge, Washing machine, TV with international canals, Computer if needed, wifi, collection of movies and music, free phone calls to France and many other countries, printer and copier, etc. We will welcome you when you arrive, then we are disponibles by phone or mail for any question or remark. Very nice neighborhood with many places of interest, beginnig with the Canal Saint Martin, at 5 minutes from the flat. Four subway lines arrive to the flat and  go to the entire city : 2, 5, 7, 7bis. And many buses : 48, 26, etc. You can also use VELIB service : 1 week costs 8 euros, one day, 2 euros, and you can rent a bike for 30 minutes (or
5462		Cool flat with 3 roomates in the 19 district of Paris. Lively place near the canal with a lot of commerce and bars. Full furnished : wifi, bathroom, equipped kitchen...  The subway just down the street give you access to any places in Paris!
5463	The apparemment is spacious, sunny and well-appointed. The room is equiped with a double bed (140 x 190 cm), a wardrobe and a desk. There is a bay window opening on a balcony with nice view.	Room in a spacious apartment to share with a family (me and my sons, 2 and 6 years old). The apartment is sunny, calm and well-appointed, in a nice area. The room has access to a balcony with nice view on Paris-and the Eiffel tower in the distance! The apparemment is spacious, sunny and well-appointed. The room is equiped with a double bed (140 x 190 cm), a wardrobe and a desk. There is a bay window opening on a balcony with nice view. We will share the kitchen and the bathroom with you. I sleep in the living room, so not always accessible !
5464	Charmant 2 pièces meublé, à deux pas du parc de la Villette et des quais du canal Saint Martin. Métro et tous commerces à proximité. L'appartement (37 m²) est très calme, agréable à vivre, traversant, il donne sur une cour d'un côté et sur l'école nationale d'architecture de Paris de l'autre. Il se compose : - d'une chambre avec un lit, grande armoire (celle à louer) - d'une chambre avec lit double, grande armoire - d'une salle d'eau avec douche, - d'une cuisine équipée avec machine à laver Tout l'équipement est mis à disposition : plaques électriques, frigo, matériel de cuisine. Espaces de rangement. Recherche une personne agréable, joyeuse, propre et soigneuse. Idéal étudiant, stagiaire. N'hésitez pas à me contacter si vous souhaitez des informations supplémentaires. 	Chambre disponible du (phone number hidden) au (phone number hidden) Sous-location au mois pour Juillet/Août :750€/mois (toutes charges comprises)* A la semaine : 200€ (toutes charges comprises)* *Provision de charge, eau, électricité, internet Charmant 2 pièces meublé, à deux pas du parc de la Villette et des quais du canal Saint Martin. Métro et tous commerces à proximité. L'appartement (37 m²) est très calme, agréable à vivre, traversant, il donne sur une cour d'un côté et sur l'école nationale d'architecture de Paris de l'autre. Il se compose : - d'une chambre avec un lit, grande armoire (celle à louer) - d'une chambre avec lit double, grande armoire - d'une salle d'eau avec douche, - d'une cuisine équipée avec machine à laver Tout l'équipement est mis à disposition : plaques électriques, frigo, matériel de cuisine. Espaces de rangement. Recherche une personne agréable, joyeuse, propre et soigneuse. Idéal étudiant, stagiaire. N'hésitez pas à me contacter si vous souhaitez des infor
5465	Welcome to Paris ! Nice flat located right next to the Canal de l’Ourcq ! Ideal for single or couple. The apartment (33 square meters) is calm and bright.  The bedroom is furnished with a double bed and a spacious desk.  The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, micro waves, hot plates, washer-dryer)  The living-room offers Cable, Wi-Fi and comfortable sofa and “fauteuil club”.  I provide pillow, bed sheets and towels. In this charming neighborhood, you will find all the shops you need, Parisian cafés, restaurants, movie theaters and the lovely Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and the modern Parc de la Villette. You reach the metro station in 5 minutes Ourcq (line 5) or Crimée (line 7) where you can quickly reach the center of Paris (Republique, Bastille, Opera, Châtelet). You can also reach Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports in less than an hour.  If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. Bonjour et bienvenue, Je mets à disposition un joli deux pièces de 33 m2 idéal pour un coup	Welcome to Paris ! Nice flat located right next to the Canal de l’Ourcq ! Ideal for single or couple. The apartment (33 square meters) is calm and bright.  The bedroom is furnished with a double bed and a spacious desk.  The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, micro waves, hot plates, washer-dryer)  The living-room offers Cable, Wi-Fi and comfortable sofa and “fauteuil club”.  I provide pillow, bed sheets and towels. In this charming neighborhood, you will find all the shops you need, Parisian cafés, restaurants, movie theaters and the lovely Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and the modern Parc de la Villette. You reach the metro station in 5 minutes Ourcq (line 5) or Crimée (line 7) where you can quickly reach the center of Paris (Republique, Bastille, Opera, Châtelet). You can also reach Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports in less than an hour.  If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. Bonjour et bienvenue, Je mets à disposition un joli deux pièces de 33 m2 idéal pour un coup
5466		Salon vert et épuré, canapé d'angle 6 pers, table à manger pouvant accueillir 8 pers, internet/TV.  Chambre décoration oriental, cuisine équipé.  Avec accès direct métro place des fêtes et vu sur jardin.
5467	L'appartement peut accueillir une personne. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Le petit déjeuner à disposition inclus comprend : jus d'orange, pain, confitures, thé. Un quartier très animé, coloré, de nombreux commerces et points de restauration ouverts 7j/7. Stations STALINGRAD (métros 2,5 et 7) à une centaines de mètres. Station Velib juste au pied de l'immeuble. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Le petit déjeuner à disposition inclus comprend : jus d'orange, pain, confitures, thé. Un quartier très animé, coloré, de nombreux commerces et points de restauration ouverts 7j/7. Stations STALINGRAD (métros 2,5 et 7) à une centaines de mètres. Station Velib juste au pied de l'immeuble.	Grand lit  à disposition pour un voyageur solitaire dans une chambre dans un appartement de deux pièces. WC séparé. Coin lavabo douche. Appartement lumineux, belle vue sur le Sacré-coeur. Nécessaire pour le petit déjeuner à disposition.  L'appartement peut accueillir une personne. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Le petit déjeuner à disposition inclus comprend : jus d'orange, pain, confitures, thé. Un quartier très animé, coloré, de nombreux commerces et points de restauration ouverts 7j/7. Stations STALINGRAD (métros 2,5 et 7) à une centaines de mètres. Station Velib juste au pied de l'immeuble. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Le petit déjeuner à disposition inclus comprend : jus d'orange, pain, confitures, thé. Un quartier très animé, coloré, de nombreux commerces et points de restauration ouverts 7j/7. Stations STALINGRAD (métros 2,5 et 7) à une centaines de mètres. Station Velib juste au pied de l'immeuble. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. Le
5468		Agréable appartement entre les Buttes Chaumont et le Canal Saint Martin. Bien équipé, idéal à deux. Les lignes de métro 2, 5 et 11 à proximité permettent de visiter facilement les quartiers touristiques de Paris. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. L'appartement est à 3 minutes des Buttes Chaumont et à 5 minutes du Canal de l'Ourcq, deux lieux incontournables de balades et de pique-niques dans Paris.  L'appartement est à 20 minutes à pied de République et 10 minutes du Canal St Martin, des quartiers très animés de Paris.  Vous trouverez dans le quartier tous les commerces et les services de proximité ainsi que des bars et restaurants... L'appartement se situe à 3 minutes du métro Colonel Fabien (sur la ligne 2 qui dessert, entre autres, Pigalle, Place de Clichy, Charles de Gaulle-Etoile, Père Lachaise et Ménilmontant) et à 5 minutes de Jaurès sur les lignes 2 et 5 (qui dessert, entre autres, Oberkampf, Bastille, Place d'Italie). L'appartement est à 7 minutes à pied de la sta
5469	My apartment is located in a very nice and alive part of Paris, very arty. I live on fourth floor, with no lift. I have internet wi-fi, a fridge, a washing-machine and a little bathroom. Next to my apartment, you will find the park of Buttes-Chaumont, the nice Belleville area, and the canal Saint-Martin. My apartment is also very close to Montmartre (5 subway stations to get to it). It's 15 mn from the city center, and places like Ile de la Cité and Beaubourg.	My apartment is located in a very nice and alive part of Paris, very arty. I live on fourth floor, with no lift. I have internet wi-fi, a fridge, a washing-machine and a little bathroom. Next to my apartment, you will find the park of Buttes-Chaumont, the nice Belleville area, and the canal Saint-Martin. My apartment is also very close to Montmartre (5 subway stations to get to it). It's 15 mn from the city center, and places like Ile de la Cité and Beaubourg.
5470	Cosy open spaced apartment about 40 m² on a sixth floor without elevator. A typically parisian flat to enjoy a stay with your couple, friends or family (max 4). Old wooden floor and two small charming fireplaces, the apartment consists of:  - One entry - A small-kitchen, but very well equipped. with a large window that faces the roofs of the neighborhood and provides light and air through-out the entire flat. We hope you’ll enjoy as much as we do, this sunny corner and unforgettable space at breakfast time. - A real bath: with shower and washer. Independent toilet. - The living room furnished with its own sofa-bed - And the bedroom with a double bed, wardrobes and a study table.	Situated in a corner of the city still considered of little interest for the massive tourism. This typically parisian flat is on 6th floor without elevator of a building dating back to the 1910s. Perfect to enjoy with your couple, friends or family ! Cosy open spaced apartment about 40 m² on a sixth floor without elevator. A typically parisian flat to enjoy a stay with your couple, friends or family (max 4). Old wooden floor and two small charming fireplaces, the apartment consists of:  - One entry - A small-kitchen, but very well equipped. with a large window that faces the roofs of the neighborhood and provides light and air through-out the entire flat. We hope you’ll enjoy as much as we do, this sunny corner and unforgettable space at breakfast time. - A real bath: with shower and washer. Independent toilet. - The living room furnished with its own sofa-bed - And the bedroom with a double bed, wardrobes and a study table. The apartment is fully furnished, Wi-fi, towels and bedding. 
5471	Bright, quiet, 7th floor (two lifts), bright, equipped kitchen, bathroom with tub, WiFi, ADSL, TV, hi-fi is close to (really) from the Parc des Buttes Chaumonts, Belleville and the Metro Pyrenees. The Parc de la Villette with its bike paths and water activities is three bus stations Bus 26 stops (Pte de Vincennes, Gare St. Lazare) nearby. You can park easily in the area. Shops, markets and commercial streets nearby. Security service in the building. Very quiet neighborhood.	Bright, quiet, 7th floor (two lifts), bright, equipped kitchen, bathroom with tub, WiFi, ADSL, TV, hi-fi is close to (really) from the Parc des Buttes Chaumonts, Belleville and the Metro Pyrenees. The Parc de la Villette with its bike paths and water activities is three bus stations Bus 26 stops (Pte de Vincennes, Gare St. Lazare) nearby. You can park easily in the area. Shops, markets and commercial streets nearby. Security service in the building. Very quiet neighborhood.
5472	Un appartement confortable et très clair qui vous offrira tout le confort requis après une journée trépidante dans Paris. Il se trouve au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Une belle pièce refaite à neuf, avec une vue panoramique sur Paris, un jardin au pied de l'immeuble garantissant le calme pour la nuit.    La chambre est meublée de façon pratique: un canapé-lit 2 places très confortable avec une couette et des couvertures douillettes, des rangements efficaces pour vos effets personnels, un éclairage agréable pour se détendre. Salle de bain originale et pratique et une kitchenette moderne avec le nécessaire pour préparer vos collations.	Un appartement confortable et très clair qui vous offrira tout le confort requis après une journée trépidante dans Paris, au 6ème avec ascenseur. Une belle pièce refaite à neuf, avec une vue panoramique sur Paris, un jardin au pied de l'immeuble. Un appartement confortable et très clair qui vous offrira tout le confort requis après une journée trépidante dans Paris. Il se trouve au 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Une belle pièce refaite à neuf, avec une vue panoramique sur Paris, un jardin au pied de l'immeuble garantissant le calme pour la nuit.    La chambre est meublée de façon pratique: un canapé-lit 2 places très confortable avec une couette et des couvertures douillettes, des rangements efficaces pour vos effets personnels, un éclairage agréable pour se détendre. Salle de bain originale et pratique et une kitchenette moderne avec le nécessaire pour préparer vos collations. Une proximité avec les hauts lieux parisiens L'appartement est desservi par la station Belleville qui offre 2 lig
5473		Je voudrais vous faire découvrir mon quartier, près des Buttes Chaumont, il surplombe le quartier de plusieurs étage. On y accède par des marches, une fois là haut, la vue sur Paris est magnifique. Peu de gens connaissent l'existence de ce lieu... Le quartier se trouve entre Belleville et le parc des Buttes Chaumont, tout l'est Parisien est accessible à pied : Jaures, le canal St Martin et le canal de L'Ourcq, République, Belleville, Oberkampf... Le métro le plus proche L2 est à quelque station de la gare du Nord (La chapelle) Colonel Fabien. Mais vous pouvez aussi descendre à Belleville ou à Pyrénées L11...
5474		Flat of 28m2. Stalingrad station is a 3 minutes walk away (10 min from the center of Paris). In a quiet building, the flat is luminous and pleasant.  When the weather is good you can enjoy the balcony giving on an interior garden. Located at station Stalingrad, 10-15 minutes from the center of Paris (Opéra, galeries Lafayette) and 8 minutes from Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord.  
5475		Nice little room in a small flat, near Rèpublique, 5 minutes walk from the Pantheon/Luxembourg. The living room kitchen and bathroom are shared with us.
5476	Typical french art deco building. Security code and pass. Modern elevator accessible to disabled . The apartment has 1 independant master-bedroom with a kingsize double bed. In the living room an excellent quality convertible double bed. The metro / Velib  / Autolib stations are at 2 minutes walk. All commodities are within 5 minutes walk ( supermarket , bakerie , newspaper, bank ... If you like to jogg or just have a walk , you are just by the banks of 2 canal , the La Villette Park , Buttes Chaumont Park	Typical parisian apartment fully equiped, for 2 / 4 pers ,  metro at 2 mins. 1 Masterbedroom & 1 double convertible bed in living room. Heart of Paris, at 10 mins to : Buttes Chaumont/Canal de l'Ourq/Canal Saint martin/City of science. wifi incl. Typical french art deco building. Security code and pass. Modern elevator accessible to disabled . The apartment has 1 independant master-bedroom with a kingsize double bed. In the living room an excellent quality convertible double bed. The metro / Velib  / Autolib stations are at 2 minutes walk. All commodities are within 5 minutes walk ( supermarket , bakerie , newspaper, bank ... If you like to jogg or just have a walk , you are just by the banks of 2 canal , the La Villette Park , Buttes Chaumont Park You have access to the entire apartment . Elevator and apartment are accessible to disabled and Wheelchair. We will welcome you at the apartment to show you the place , and to answer any of your question.    We can help you by mail or phone 
5477	"Charming and full of light apartment (30m2) with one bedroom and a living room, in the heart of the 19th district of Paris. Located only 3 minutes away from ""La Villette"" and Canal de l'Ourq, next stores, in a calm neighborhood."	"Charming and full of light apartment (30m2) with one bedroom and a living room, in the heart of the 19th district of Paris. Located only 3 minutes away from ""La Villette"" and Canal de l'Ourq, next stores, in a calm neighborhood. Charming and full of light apartment (30m2) with one bedroom and a living room, in the heart of the 19th district of Paris. Located only 3 minutes away from ""La Villette"" and Canal de l'Ourq, next stores, in a calm neighborhood. What you get : the whole appartment, Comfortably accommodates two people and a third on the sofa bed.  The bedroom has a futon bed for two people and a large dressing. The living room is a sweet place to dinning, watching tv with cable channels and Dvd, or listening music on the comfortable sofa. You have access to the Wi fi  In the nice equipped kitchen you can cook throught the hot plate, the mini oven, the fridge, the coffee machine, the ustensils and the condiment (salt, pepper, oil, ect...).  You have also a washing machine, clean "
5478		Appartement lumineux  avec balcon dans bel immeuble, calme donne sur cour. Mon fils habite Paris. Il pourra vous aider et vous founir tous les renseignements utiles à votre séjour. Quartier cosmopolite.Cafés,restaurants, commerces au bas de l'immeuble. Tout pres des buttes chaumont pour une promenade et du Canal st martn, voir les photos.   Vous pouvez rejoindre le canal de l'ourcq où vous pourrez prendre des navettes pour faire une croisiere le long de la seine. 2 stations de metro : Colonel fabien (ligne 2) et belleville (ligne 2 et 11). 10mn à pied : Place de la republique(à pied ) 15mn en metro : Place du chatelet (centre de Paris), Montmartre 25mn : Chaps Elysées, Musée du louvre
5479	"Propre, lumineux, calme et douillet, il s'agit de mon ancien appartement, que j'adore. Entre 2 locations de longue durée, il est loué tout équipé.  Il a été rénové il y a peu et les parties communes sont absolument entretenues chaque jour.  Il dispose d'un BZ et d'une banquette ""lit simple"". Une grande armoire et tout ustensile de cuisine imaginable !"	"Dans un quartier agréable & populaire, à 2pas du canal et de ses activités d'été (Canoe, bars de plage, Mölkki, transat et sable), du marché et magasins, et 1 pas du métro,un petit appart confortable, calme et très lumineux. attention:6e étg ss asc Propre, lumineux, calme et douillet, il s'agit de mon ancien appartement, que j'adore. Entre 2 locations de longue durée, il est loué tout équipé.  Il a été rénové il y a peu et les parties communes sont absolument entretenues chaque jour.  Il dispose d'un BZ et d'une banquette ""lit simple"". Une grande armoire et tout ustensile de cuisine imaginable ! Je reste absolument joignable pour tout besoin, info... n'hésitez pas à me demander si vous êtes dans un quartier et que vous cherchez qqch en particulier ! Un quartier populaire, chaleureux, multiculturel, où l'on trouve un Mafé aussi bien qu'un confit de canard, et l'une des meilleures Phô Saté de tout Paris ! A 2 pas du canal, pour des apéro estivaux parfaits, il y a de la vie ici, de la vie"
5480	Soyez mes premiers visiteurs, je mettrai tout en œuvre pour bien vous recevoir.	Grand studio mezzanine. Pensé pour accueillir un couple, quelques amis ou familles avec jeunes enfants. Deux couchages : sur la mezzanine un lit 120x190 cm, et un de 140x200 cm sur canapé convertible, et un matelas d'appoint 160x70 pour le dernier! Soyez mes premiers visiteurs, je mettrai tout en œuvre pour bien vous recevoir. Quartier dynamique en pleine reconversion, entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont, le canal de l'Ourcq et la Villette, venez profiter de Paris plage et de l'ambiance vraiment décontractée l'été. Au métro Jaurès, Laumière et Crimée, bien relié avec le reste de la ville, 3 lignes de métro à proximité. Vous avez tout Paris en moins de 30 minutes.
5481	My nice flat is near the Canal de l'Ourcq; nice trendy area with Parc de la Villette, Parc des Buttes Chaumont with bar and good restaurant. Nice place also for footing along the canal and in the Parc de la Villette. The Centquatre, nice place for exhibitions, events and concerts is 10 min walk from my place.  My appartement is a two rooms with wood on the floor everywhere:  one living room with open kitchen: a table for 4 person, coach, and a piano (electric Korg) for musicians.  one bedroom with a double bed and a table  one bathroom & toilets: very clean and useful.  My window are large and the flat is fulll of light with very nice view, open on the roof of Paris, and some of my green plants.  WIFI, towels and bed sheet are included. The flat is on the 5th floor, no elevator but a large staircase with carpet,  easy to do ! Location: It is nearby, 2 min walk, from the metro Crimée, line 7 (direct for Chatelet and Gare de L'est) and metro Ourcq, line 5 (5min walk, direct for Bastille 	Lovely 2 rooms'flat in traditionnal parisian building. Located near the trendy Canal de l'Ourcq. My nice flat is near the Canal de l'Ourcq; nice trendy area with Parc de la Villette, Parc des Buttes Chaumont with bar and good restaurant. Nice place also for footing along the canal and in the Parc de la Villette. The Centquatre, nice place for exhibitions, events and concerts is 10 min walk from my place.  My appartement is a two rooms with wood on the floor everywhere:  one living room with open kitchen: a table for 4 person, coach, and a piano (electric Korg) for musicians.  one bedroom with a double bed and a table  one bathroom & toilets: very clean and useful.  My window are large and the flat is fulll of light with very nice view, open on the roof of Paris, and some of my green plants.  WIFI, towels and bed sheet are included. The flat is on the 5th floor, no elevator but a large staircase with carpet,  easy to do ! Location: It is nearby, 2 min walk, from the metro Crimée, line 7
5482	Il est situé dans un quartier  calme mais à la fois en plein paris.  Il est tout équipé, électroménager, wifi... Il est joliment décoré, et très cosy.   On s'y sent bien!  J' essaierai d'être a votre écoute, présente et de vous renseigner du mieux que je peux.  J'ai un restaurant français, à 5 min de chez moi, et je travaille beaucoup. J'adore mon métier. Mais il me prend beaucoup de temps, c'est pour cela que je souhaite proposer mon appartement . L'essentiel c'est que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous.  Le parc des buttes chaumont, qui se trouve a 100 mètres de chez moi donne une vue imprenable sur paris. C'est un quartier vivant ( boutiques, café... ) qui se trouve a 5 min a pied du canal saint martin.  Il y a deux lignes de métro. Ligne 2 et ligne 7. Arrêt de bus en bas de l'appartement	Très joli appartement situé à côté des Buttes Chaumont dans un quartier calme, mais central.  Il se compose de deux pièces : un salon avec canapé, télé...,une chambre et une grande terrasse aménagée La salle de bain est avec douche et cuisine. Il est situé dans un quartier  calme mais à la fois en plein paris.  Il est tout équipé, électroménager, wifi... Il est joliment décoré, et très cosy.   On s'y sent bien!  J' essaierai d'être a votre écoute, présente et de vous renseigner du mieux que je peux.  J'ai un restaurant français, à 5 min de chez moi, et je travaille beaucoup. J'adore mon métier. Mais il me prend beaucoup de temps, c'est pour cela que je souhaite proposer mon appartement . L'essentiel c'est que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous.  Le parc des buttes chaumont, qui se trouve a 100 mètres de chez moi donne une vue imprenable sur paris. C'est un quartier vivant ( boutiques, café... ) qui se trouve a 5 min a pied du canal saint martin.  Il y a deux lignes de métro. Ligne 2 et 
5483		1 chambre confortable pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Direct en 10 mn du centre de Paris (République, Beaubourg, Châtelet). Salle de bain disponible. Petit Déjeuner compris. A pleasant room for 1 or 2 persons. The tube is direct for the center of Paris (10 minutes for République, Beaubourg, Châtelet) Bathroom. Breakfast included. A 200m du métro Télégraphe ou Porte des Lilas. Disponible pour tout renseignement touristique ou autre. Il est relativement facile de se garer dans le quartier. La cuisine n'est pas disponible en dehors du petit déjeuner.
5484	Hi,  I am Emilie and you can spend the week-end (or more time during my holidays) at my place when I am away. It is 38sq meters flat with : - bedroom (bed 160x200) - living room (convertible couch 140x200 - new from May 2015) & american kitchen - bathroom (shower) and separate toilet It is on the 2nd floor (lift), light, very quiet and located in a lively neigborhood, in between the Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumont and the Chinese district of Belleville. Only 15 minutes from Marais & Chatelet (metro line 11) and Montmartre (metro line 2).  It is equipped with everything you might need (washing machine, dishwasher, wifi access, piano, hairdryer...). Of course, I provide sheets.  If you smoke, you can, but only by the window ... Feel free to contact me if you need further information.	Hi,  I am Emilie and you can spend the week-end (or more time during my holidays) at my place when I am away. It is 38sq meters flat with : - bedroom (bed 160x200) - living room (convertible couch 140x200 - new from May 2015) & american kitchen - bathroom (shower) and separate toilet It is on the 2nd floor (lift), light, very quiet and located in a lively neigborhood, in between the Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumont and the Chinese district of Belleville. Only 15 minutes from Marais & Chatelet (metro line 11) and Montmartre (metro line 2).  It is equipped with everything you might need (washing machine, dishwasher, wifi access, piano, hairdryer...). Of course, I provide sheets.  If you smoke, you can, but only by the window ... Feel free to contact me if you need further information.
5485	The apartment has got 2 rooms, the bedroom with a double bed and a dressing and the living room with a sofa bed for 2 little persons or one person who likes to have a lot of space during night ;) The kitchen is in the living room, but a bit apart. It has two cooktops, a fridge, a coffee machine, a microwave, a toaster, dishes and all. I provide sheets and everything you need for sleeping, shampoo and shower gel as well but I don't have enough towels ;) I always let some food for breakfast so you don't have to worry about that the day you arrive! It's not a big apartment with 12 rooms but it's very comfy and always full of light and you'll have everything you need. And of course there is wifi!	The apartment has got 2 rooms, the bedroom with a double bed and a dressing and the living room with a sofa bed for 2 little persons or one person who likes to have a lot of space during night ;) The kitchen is in the living room, but a bit apart. It has two cooktops, a fridge, a coffee machine, a microwave, a toaster, dishes and all. I provide sheets and everything you need for sleeping, shampoo and shower gel as well but I don't have enough towels ;) I always let some food for breakfast so you don't have to worry about that the day you arrive! It's not a big apartment with 12 rooms but it's very comfy and always full of light and you'll have everything you need. And of course there is wifi! All the apartment is yours during your stay! The apartment has its own private entry, you'll just need to climb 14 steps to get to it. Warning: the steps are a bit steep, be careful if you want to come with children or a person who can't walk properly. I'll be happy to help you during your stay an
5486	Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Studio 30 meters square, 2 minutes away from the metro/subway/underground stop Crimée on line 7 Shared surface meaning I will sleep in the same room. There are 2 separate matresses and 2 couches on which I sleep sometimes so whichev	Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read carefully description! Cosy studio and always super clean  Nice host from what I've been told  Breakfast provided  Metro 2 minutes away  2 main parks 10 minutes away  All shops 2 minutes away All touristic places close by  Shared, not private  Please read
5487	AIRBNB VERIFIED PICTURES ONLINE :)) We'll welcome you in a cozy apartment where you can admire the view of PARIS (Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysees, Parc des Buttes Chaumont) from the balcony, a bottle of wine and cheese platter, fresh bread will be available upon arrival as well as all the basic infos you'll be needing to organize your trip.	We welcome you in an apartment, can accommodate 5 people or you can admire a beautiful view of PARIS balcony, a bottle of wine and cheese platter on arrival. Parking in the building at 10 € / day.  Hope to see you there!! AIRBNB VERIFIED PICTURES ONLINE :)) We'll welcome you in a cozy apartment where you can admire the view of PARIS (Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysees, Parc des Buttes Chaumont) from the balcony, a bottle of wine and cheese platter, fresh bread will be available upon arrival as well as all the basic infos you'll be needing to organize your trip. This apartment consists of an entrance hall with dressing room, a fitted kitchen (hob, microwave, fridge), a washing machine, a bedroom with double bed (clean sheets and duvets provided), a bathroom (fresh towels provided) independent toilets, a living room with a sofa bed (sheets and duvet provided if needed), TV, HiFi equipment, game console, Wifi, furnished balcony (hammock, table and chairs). For the keys to the apartment, it is ex
5488	This is a pretty little studio, with lots of light and a view out on to a courtyard full of trees. The space is separated into a sleeping, living and cooking space, with the bathroom apart. 	This is a pretty little studio, with lots of light and a view out on to a courtyard full of trees. The space is separated into a sleeping, living and cooking space, with the bathroom apart. Guests have access to everything in the apartment, except personal objects such as clothes and beauty products. There will also be towels and bed sheets available for use. I will be happy to show you around the apartment, as well as showing you Buttes Chaumont and the surrounding area. I will be available to contact 24/7 if ever you need anything! The neighbourhood is very calm and green with the massive Buttes Chaumont park nearby. It is a lovely area with lots of little stores and restaurants nearby.  The quais de la Loire and de Seine are perfect for cycling or walking along. - Métro which leads directly to the centre of Paris is 5min away, Place des fêtes (ligne 11) - Métro Botzaris (ligne 7bis), is next to the apartment.
5489	L'appartement est fonctionnel (un double-salon, une chambre avec lit neuf de 160x200cm, une salle-de-bain avec baignoire, une cuisine) - Si 3ème personne, un matelas gonflable (et son gonfleur électrique) est disponible. Tout équipé (TV, four, machine-à-laver...) Connecté (Wifi disponible)	"Proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont et du Canal de l'Ourcq, bel appartement haussmannien de 2 pièces (58 m2). Situé au métro Laumière (Ligne5) dans le 19ème arr, vous serez au coeur d'un Paris authentique. L'appartement est fonctionnel (un double-salon, une chambre avec lit neuf de 160x200cm, une salle-de-bain avec baignoire, une cuisine) - Si 3ème personne, un matelas gonflable (et son gonfleur électrique) est disponible. Tout équipé (TV, four, machine-à-laver...) Connecté (Wifi disponible) Situé dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris (Nord-Est), vous serez à 1 minute à pieds du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont et 5 minutes du Canal de l'Ourcq. Le quartier jouxte celui de Belleville. Nous sommes d'habitude très connectés. Nous resterons proches de nos mobiles pour vous aider en cas de besoin et répondre à toutes vos questions. Le quartier, encore assez peu touristique, offre une cadre de vie idéal : footings au parc, soirées ""apéro-pétanque"" le soir le long du Canal. Vous n'êtes qu'à 10 m"
5490	Perfect for 2 people. The apartment is situated close to the Buttes Chaumont, and to the Asian area of Belleville where you can find some wonderful bars and cheap restaurants.  The space has: Kitchenette -  - Dishwasher - Oven -Microwave - Toaster & kettle Living room -  - Sofa - Small dining table - Desk Bedroom  - Comfy bed - Closet Bathroom  -Washing machine -Shower	Lovely 1 bedroom apartment, 40 square metres, in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. 2 minutes walk away from parisian park Buttes Chaumont, perfect for picnics and relaxing. Quiet street, located 5 minutes from the metro. Perfect for 2 people. The apartment is situated close to the Buttes Chaumont, and to the Asian area of Belleville where you can find some wonderful bars and cheap restaurants.  The space has: Kitchenette -  - Dishwasher - Oven -Microwave - Toaster & kettle Living room -  - Sofa - Small dining table - Desk Bedroom  - Comfy bed - Closet Bathroom  -Washing machine -Shower Close to line 11 and 7bis.  We'll be happy to answer any questions you have during your stay. I speak French and English and Hugo speaks Spanish so if you need help don't hesitate!
5491	The apartment is a typical parisian one with parquet floor in all rooms. In one of them you can find an old chimey/fire-place (not working anymore though).	A hundred meters to the parc Buttes Chaumont, nice appartement in a typical parisian building . Two bedrooms and a living room with a sofa bed in a charming parquet floor apartment. The apartment is a typical parisian one with parquet floor in all rooms. In one of them you can find an old chimey/fire-place (not working anymore though). The apartment is all yours during your stay ! The apartment is 1 minute walk from the Buttes-Chaumont, one of the greatest park of Paris. 10 minutes walk you can find Le parc de la Villette, a big parc with museums (Cité de la musique, Cité des Sciences), great concerts places (Cabaret Sauvage, Zénith, Philarmonie), and a free open-air film festival. The canal de l'Ourcq is 10 minutes walk from the apartment too, a great spot to stroll along or just sit and enjoy a drink. The nearest subway station (Ourcq, Line 5) is  five minutes walk from the apartment. Line 2 is 15 minutes walk from the apartment, can be easier if you like to walk a bit ! There are al
5492		La chambre est calme, séparée du reste de l'appartement par le séjour. Cuisine et salle de bain tout confort, à partager.  A seulement 5 mnts à pied du métro, 20 mnts à pied de la place de république, 10 mnts à pied du Parc des Buttes de Chaumont.
5493	Hello:  At the moment I can welcome you: - during the week from 19h00-19h30 - during the week end: when you want In a 60m2 flat, with two nice and large rooms, a large living room and a bathroom. This is a nice building called Haussemanien style, clean and calm. The flat is said to be warm by my friends (and the first guests I had on AirBnB) and as I have been travelling or working abroad quite a lot I also speak English and fluently Spanish. I offer 1 room to rent (there are two separated rooms in the appartment). For 1 or two person depending on the booking. The area is one of the places to be in Paris as it is close to the Buttes Chaumont parc which is said to be the nicest parc in Paris. You will also be at 2 minutes from the canal Saint Martin where (mostly in summer) you have a lot of terrasses or people coming to have pic nic or just to have a drink. In my street you will find all you need as there are a lot of shops. Also some restaurants and bars near the Canal and a Cinema. 2	In a trendy area with parc and a canal just nearby. 20 minutes max from all areas. Just have a look to my guests comments and you will see that this is a very nice place to be:) Hello:  At the moment I can welcome you: - during the week from 19h00-19h30 - during the week end: when you want In a 60m2 flat, with two nice and large rooms, a large living room and a bathroom. This is a nice building called Haussemanien style, clean and calm. The flat is said to be warm by my friends (and the first guests I had on AirBnB) and as I have been travelling or working abroad quite a lot I also speak English and fluently Spanish. I offer 1 room to rent (there are two separated rooms in the appartment). For 1 or two person depending on the booking. The area is one of the places to be in Paris as it is close to the Buttes Chaumont parc which is said to be the nicest parc in Paris. You will also be at 2 minutes from the canal Saint Martin where (mostly in summer) you have a lot of terrasses or people 
5494	Petit cocon parisien de 25m2 exposé est-ouest,  avec petite entrée, pièce principale avec lit deux places et coin salon, cuisine séparée avec possibilité de manger à deux et salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Petit balcon ensoleillé le matin, idéal pour le café matinal. Appartement parfait pour un couple, deux inséparables ou un voyageur seul.  Proche de tous commerces, restaurants et bars.  Situé dans une rue calme, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont et du canal saint martin.  	Une pièce à vivre lumineuse, avec petit balcon, espace salon, bibliothèque, musique ; cuisine équipée de plaques électriques, bar américain ; grande salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Un espace de vie personnalisé accueillant et chaleureux. Petit cocon estival idéal au dernier étage avec balcon, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont et du canal Saint Martin.  Typical parisian studio on the top floor, ideal summer location next to the Buttes Chaumont and the Canal.  Petit cocon parisien de 25m2 exposé est-ouest,  avec petite entrée, pièce principale avec lit deux places et coin salon, cuisine séparée avec possibilité de manger à deux et salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Petit balcon ensoleillé le matin, idéal pour le café matinal. Appartement parfait pour un couple, deux inséparables ou un voyageur seul.  Proche de tous commerces, restaurants et bars.  Situé dans une rue calme, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont et du canal saint martin.   Je suis à votre disposition pour toutes questions
5495	Cet appartement est parfait pour découvrir Paris sous un nouvel angle. Je sous-loue ma chambre: elle fait environ 15m2, est entièrement meublée et dispose d'un très grand placard ainsi que d'un miroir en pied. Elle est très lumineuse et calme. C'est l'une des deux chambres d'un appartement de 60m2 situé dans un immeuble ancien, au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est très mignon très agréable à vivre: la cuisine et la salle de bains sont spacieuses et complètement équipées. Nous avons internet, éventuellement la TV, un lave-vaisselle et une machine à laver le linge. L'appartement est très bien situé: à 200m de la station de métro Jaurès sur la ligne 2 et à deux pas du parc des Buttes-Chaumont et du canal Saint-Martin ou de l'Ourcq.  Tous les commerces sont à disposition en bas de la maison, ouverts tous les jours même le dimanche. Vous croiserez ma colocataire, sympathique et pleine de conseils, pour vous guider dans tous les cinémas, expositions, restaurants à la mode et bars 	Trois pièces accueillant et douillet entre le parc des Buttes-Chaumont et le canal Saint Martin, à trois minutes à pied du métro Jaurès!  Cuisine équipée,sdb indépendante avec baignoire,l'appartement est très confortable Peut loger deux personnes. Cet appartement est parfait pour découvrir Paris sous un nouvel angle. Je sous-loue ma chambre: elle fait environ 15m2, est entièrement meublée et dispose d'un très grand placard ainsi que d'un miroir en pied. Elle est très lumineuse et calme. C'est l'une des deux chambres d'un appartement de 60m2 situé dans un immeuble ancien, au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est très mignon très agréable à vivre: la cuisine et la salle de bains sont spacieuses et complètement équipées. Nous avons internet, éventuellement la TV, un lave-vaisselle et une machine à laver le linge. L'appartement est très bien situé: à 200m de la station de métro Jaurès sur la ligne 2 et à deux pas du parc des Buttes-Chaumont et du canal Saint-Martin ou de l'Ourcq.  T
5496	In a Haussmann style building dating from 1885 building, apartment on the 6th and last floor, no elevator, fully renovated in 2013. Quiet and very bright, a real cocoon in paris!	Nice 45m2 apartment in Buttes,  completely renovated in 2013. In a Haussmann style building dating from 1885 building, apartment on the 6th and last floor, no elevator, fully renovated in 2013. Quiet and very bright, a real cocoon in paris! Beautiful living room very comfortable, with hifi equipment  WIFI, kitchen with oven, gas hob,  bathroom with toilet, shower, washbasin, heated towel rail Very nice area between the canal and Ourq Buttes Chaumont, with one of the best bakery in Paris in front of the building! Métro Laumieres, only 3 stop (8 minutes) from gare du Nord and the Eurostar
5497		Parc view, quiet appartement, nice area (Canal, Science museum, restaurant,...) & 50m from Laumière (ligne 5) Subway - you are welcome to enjoy the nice XIX neighbourhood or downtown Paris (20min away in bus or metro) !    
5498	Nous vivons en colocation et vous proposons de louer une chambre qui mesure environ 14 m2. Notre appartement est plutôt grand (environ 100 m2) et il se trouve dans un immeuble moderne, au 5 ème étage, avec ascenseur.  La chambre a une baie-vitrée qui donne sur une terrasse de 10m2, sur laquelle on peut manger, prendre l'apéro. Une baie vitrée donne sur un balcon plein sud avec pelouse de 10m2 sur lequel on peut manger ou prendre un verre en contemplant Paris.  Il y a 2 Wc séparés et deux salles bain.  Grand Salon  avec Télé. Internet Wifi.  La cuisine est totalement équipée: four, plaques, micro-ondes. Vous êtes à  5 min à pied de Belleville, du parc des buttes Chaumonts ou du bassin de la Villette vous aurez le choix pour vos promenades. Vous trouverez tous les commerces à proximité et vous avez même une station vélib en bas de l'immeuble.  Si vous avez des questions, nous sommes à votre écoute et serions ravis de pouvoir y répondre. Nous n'hésiteront pas à vous conseiller pendant vot	Nous vivons en colocation et vous proposons de louer une chambre qui mesure environ 14 m2. Notre appartement est plutôt grand (environ 100 m2) et il se trouve dans un immeuble moderne, au 5 ème étage, avec ascenseur.  La chambre a une baie-vitrée qui donne sur une terrasse de 10m2, sur laquelle on peut manger, prendre l'apéro. Une baie vitrée donne sur un balcon plein sud avec pelouse de 10m2 sur lequel on peut manger ou prendre un verre en contemplant Paris.  Il y a 2 Wc séparés et deux salles bain.  Grand Salon  avec Télé. Internet Wifi.  La cuisine est totalement équipée: four, plaques, micro-ondes. Vous êtes à  5 min à pied de Belleville, du parc des buttes Chaumonts ou du bassin de la Villette vous aurez le choix pour vos promenades. Vous trouverez tous les commerces à proximité et vous avez même une station vélib en bas de l'immeuble.  Si vous avez des questions, nous sommes à votre écoute et serions ravis de pouvoir y répondre. Nous n'hésiteront pas à vous conseiller pendant vot
5499		A lovely flat next to Parc de la Villette, excellent parisian spot in summer!
5500	L'appartement est récent, très accessible, avec ascenseur, dans un quartier entouré de 2 parcs (Buttes Chaumont, La Villette), proche des grandes salles de concert Parisiennes (Zénith, Trabendo, Cité de la Musique). Bord du Canal de l'Ourcq qui rejoint le Canal St Martin.	Bonjour,  Je vous propose une chambre de 20 m2 avec un grand lit double, dans un grand appartement. Située au 5em étage avec un balcon sur rue piétonne, avec vue sur le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre au loin. L'appartement est récent, très accessible, avec ascenseur, dans un quartier entouré de 2 parcs (Buttes Chaumont, La Villette), proche des grandes salles de concert Parisiennes (Zénith, Trabendo, Cité de la Musique). Bord du Canal de l'Ourcq qui rejoint le Canal St Martin. Métro, Bus, Tramway, Vélib'...
5501		LIU HOME
5502	We offer our little house in the 19th arrondissement. On the ground floor : the living-room and an equiped open-plan kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, freezer, micro-wave and hotplate). On the first floor: a large room and bathroom with a bathroom. 2 more people can sleep in the living-room (sheets and duvets provided).  The house has a private patio (with a right of way for the inhabitants of the joint ownership) that gives onto the garden of the joint ownership.  The neighborhood is really lively and pleasant with a lots of shops and only 2 minutes of walk will lead you to the nearest park.   2mn: métro JOURDAIN line 11, métro BOTZARIS line 7bis, bus (phone number hidden)mn to the République station and 10 mn to  Louvre Museum Une jolie maison de 60 m2 dans le 19e arrondissement avec terrasse, à 15mn de Notre Dame! La maison se compose à l'étage d'une grande chambre romantique avec pierres apparentes ainsi qu'un coin bureau et dressing. On y trouve aussi une très jolie sa	"60m2 house in Buttes Chaumont neighborhood in the 19th quarter. Full of charm, nice terrasse in the garden. The neighborhood is like a ""small town"". Very quiet, 2 minutes walk to ""Jourdain"" subway stop. 10 min in subway to the center of Paris.   "
5503	Rent for some days or weeks a spacious one bedroom apartment in Paris, charming and luminous 45m2 - with balcony. The fully functional appt is on the 5th floor, with elevator. It has :  - one bedroom with a double bed and large closets,  - one living room with a couch convertible,  - one kitchen with all accommodations (oven, micro-wave ovens, dish washer-washing machine-hoven,  fridge, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, etc.) - one little bathroom with a shower, hair dryer - Wifi. DVD player.  Type de logement : appt entier  Type de lit : Vrai lit  Capacité d'hébergement : 4  Chambres : 1  Salles de bain : 1  - Some information that may be of interest to you about the area:  The appartment is 100m from canal de l'ourq. Metro station Jaures (line 2 and 5). Between the “Canal Saint Martin”, the “Canal de l’Ourcq” and the beautiful “Parc des Buttes Chaumont”. There is a lot of lovely restaurants and cafés around the canals. The streets along the “Canal Saint-Martin” are dedicated to wa	Rent for some days or weeks a spacious one bedroom apartment in Paris, charming and luminous 45m2 - with balcony. The fully functional appt is on the 5th floor, with elevator. It has :  - one bedroom with a double bed and large closets,  - one living room with a couch convertible,  - one kitchen with all accommodations (oven, micro-wave ovens, dish washer-washing machine-hoven,  fridge, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, etc.) - one little bathroom with a shower, hair dryer - Wifi. DVD player.  Type de logement : appt entier  Type de lit : Vrai lit  Capacité d'hébergement : 4  Chambres : 1  Salles de bain : 1  - Some information that may be of interest to you about the area:  The appartment is 100m from canal de l'ourq. Metro station Jaures (line 2 and 5). Between the “Canal Saint Martin”, the “Canal de l’Ourcq” and the beautiful “Parc des Buttes Chaumont”. There is a lot of lovely restaurants and cafés around the canals. The streets along the “Canal Saint-Martin” are dedicated to wa
5504		Studio de 20m² proche métro Jourdain (1min), à 15min de Châtelets, République (10min). Appartement dans petite résidence calme et sympathique, très pratique pour avoir un pied à terre et visiter Paris.
5505		Nice and cute 2 rooms in a popular neighborhoods in Paris.  The perfect place to visit the untouristic and full of life Paris :) Transport: -
5506		A nice place at the third floor with a bunked bed to sleep but the entire apartment to live... ;-) A nice Location, at only 1min from the metro station and only 20 from the historical center. All the ingredient to spend good Time.
5507	Le studio est situé à quelques pas du jardin de la Villette et du canal de l'ourcq, dans un quartier commerçant.  	Joli studio parisien au RDC d'une résidence moderne avec une terrasse donnant sur un jardin intérieur calme, coin cuisine équipée, lit type futon 140 cm + canapé lit (1 place). Le studio est situé à quelques pas du jardin de la Villette et du canal de l'ourcq, dans un quartier commerçant.   République est accessible en métro en 15 min, Châtelet en 20 min, PIgalle 20 min et Bastille également. Les gare du nord et gare de l'est sont également à 15 min en métro.   Le jardin des Buttes Chaumont est à environ 15/20 minutes à pied. métro (ligne 5) tram 3B Lave-linge Wifi Four combiné micro-ondes Toilettes séparés
5508	appartement situé sur la ligne 7 qui dessert gare du nord, opéra et châtelet directement. L'appartement plaira aux enfants , nous laissons tous les jouets en accès . La place de parking sera a votre disposition tout au long du séjour. 	Appartement 3 pièces très lumineux, double exposition, sans vis à vis. Appartement idéal pour un couple et deux enfants (immense mezzanine  dans leur chambre). Grande et agréable  salle de bain.  Quartier très agréable,en face du parc de la Villette. appartement situé sur la ligne 7 qui dessert gare du nord, opéra et châtelet directement. L'appartement plaira aux enfants , nous laissons tous les jouets en accès . La place de parking sera a votre disposition tout au long du séjour. Vous pourrez avoir accès à tout le logement. Nous resterons joignables pour toutes questions et ce durant tout le séjour par téléphone. Si besoin, nous pourrons vous raccompagner en voiture à la gare ou à l'aéroport. Situation: au pied du parc de la Villette, profitez pendant votre séjour de la cité des sciences, du Zénith, du tt nouveau Philharmonique... place de parking dans cour intérieure (fermée le soir par une grille) vélibs, tramway et métro au pied de l'appartement. centre commercial accessible via na
5509	"Apartment for a professional or leisure journey in Paris.  In a pittoresque Paris district, 2 minutes away from Crimee metro (M7), that brings you directly through Paris : Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, La Fayette, Opera, Le Louvre, Chatelet ...  Totally refurbished, with all the commodities you need for your stay. This 40 m2 apartment has a main bedroom with a bed 140x200, a living room with a sofa-bed 150x200, a dining place, a fully equipped kitchen (fires, fridge, washing machine, etc ...) and a bathroom. At the first and last floor, you will have all the peace you need for you stay.  District and surroundings  Apartment located in a pittoresque area of the 19th district of Paris, close to the idyllic parc ""des Buttes Chaumont"", the famous Cite des sciences et de l'industrie, Cultural modern center ""104"", the Zenith concert place, the music museum. With a sweet high choice of patisseries, boutiques, restaurants, bars and sports complexes (swimming pool, nautical area, gymnast clubs.."	"Apartment for a professional or leisure journey in Paris.  In a pittoresque Paris district, 2 minutes away from Crimee metro (M7), that brings you directly through Paris : Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, La Fayette, Opera, Le Louvre, Chatelet ...  Totally refurbished, with all the commodities you need for your stay. This 40 m2 apartment has a main bedroom with a bed 140x200, a living room with a sofa-bed 150x200, a dining place, a fully equipped kitchen (fires, fridge, washing machine, etc ...) and a bathroom. At the first and last floor, you will have all the peace you need for you stay.  District and surroundings  Apartment located in a pittoresque area of the 19th district of Paris, close to the idyllic parc ""des Buttes Chaumont"", the famous Cite des sciences et de l'industrie, Cultural modern center ""104"", the Zenith concert place, the music museum. With a sweet high choice of patisseries, boutiques, restaurants, bars and sports complexes (swimming pool, nautical area, gymnast clubs.."
5510	With a separate kitchen and the main room with a view onto a tree-filled, internal courtyard (one has the impression of looking out onto a tranquil park) this well-equipped, quiet, clean & smart studio is sure to please.  Equipped with: secure building entrance, 7th floor elevator access, wi-fi,  MP3 speakers, Italian coffee percolator, picnic basket, 2 element gas stove, clothes washing machine, desk and lamp, a brand-new, pull-out sofa bed with a firm, comfortable, double bed mattress, brand new pillows and sheets, towels, all cleaning equipment: sponges and tea towels, e.t.c., ample closet space and an excellent shower. This 20m2 (215 squared feet) studio is really a little gem in a great, REAL neighbourhood with good transport connections and parks at its doorstep. 	Serene & clean. I like to think minimal decor, yet sufficiently stylish to deserve Paris at her doorstep. Cute but equipped. Light & private. Great 'fooding' to be had close by & a 5 minute walk to the delightful Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. #Real Paris With a separate kitchen and the main room with a view onto a tree-filled, internal courtyard (one has the impression of looking out onto a tranquil park) this well-equipped, quiet, clean & smart studio is sure to please.  Equipped with: secure building entrance, 7th floor elevator access, wi-fi,  MP3 speakers, Italian coffee percolator, picnic basket, 2 element gas stove, clothes washing machine, desk and lamp, a brand-new, pull-out sofa bed with a firm, comfortable, double bed mattress, brand new pillows and sheets, towels, all cleaning equipment: sponges and tea towels, e.t.c., ample closet space and an excellent shower. This 20m2 (215 squared feet) studio is really a little gem in a great, REAL neighbourhood with good transport connecti
5511	"This lovely double room has all the amenities for a stay in Paris. Storage space will be available, the bathroom and kitchen are shared. We will prepare the bed before your arrival providing the sheets. Every morning we'll also prepare you a french breakfast with fresh bread, croissants, accompanied by marmelade, salted butter caramel homemade and tea / coffee / chocolate / milk / orange juice, that you'll can to take with the view of the ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"", to start your day! We will gladly exchange, share our knowledge, our great deals on Paris and we are always curious to discover a country or region through anyone. Located between the ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"" and ""Canal de l'ourcq"" you will find the tranquility you need while having close to many shops, bars, restaurants, outdoor activities on the canal...  We are also well served by several bus and subway located near from the apartment and you will be in the center of Paris in less than 30 minutes."	"This lovely double room has all the amenities for a stay in Paris. Storage space will be available, the bathroom and kitchen are shared. We will prepare the bed before your arrival providing the sheets. Every morning we'll also prepare you a french breakfast with fresh bread, croissants, accompanied by marmelade, salted butter caramel homemade and tea / coffee / chocolate / milk / orange juice, that you'll can to take with the view of the ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"", to start your day! We will gladly exchange, share our knowledge, our great deals on Paris and we are always curious to discover a country or region through anyone. Located between the ""Parc des Buttes Chaumont"" and ""Canal de l'ourcq"" you will find the tranquility you need while having close to many shops, bars, restaurants, outdoor activities on the canal...  We are also well served by several bus and subway located near from the apartment and you will be in the center of Paris in less than 30 minutes."
5512	Very nice apartment (33m ²) located in the heart of Paris, near Canal Saint Martin, the Ourcq Canal and Buttes Chaumont. Totally renovated in a typical Parisian style with a contemporary twist, this apartment is in the 2nd floor of an old building. It consists in a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a large walk in shower, a fully equipped kitchen and a living room with a convertible sofa for 2 more people. WIFI, Television and telephone calls (Europe and America) are included in the rent. Towels and sheets will be provided on your arrival. Ideally located in PARIS, the metro station Jaures( subway line 2,5 and 7a) is at the foot of the apartment and lines 11 and 7 are within 5 min walk , which will allow you to quickly get to Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est (10min) or Chatelet (15min) . The area offers all the necessary facilities: French Boulangerie, restaurants, groceries, bars, concert halls and many shops. I remain at your disposal to help you spend a wonderful stay in Pari	Very nice apartment (33m ²) located in the heart of Paris, near Canal Saint Martin, the Ourcq Canal and Buttes Chaumont. Totally renovated in a typical Parisian style with a contemporary twist, this apartment is in the 2nd floor of an old building. It consists in a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a large walk in shower, a fully equipped kitchen and a living room with a convertible sofa for 2 more people. WIFI, Television and telephone calls (Europe and America) are included in the rent. Towels and sheets will be provided on your arrival. Ideally located in PARIS, the metro station Jaures( subway line 2,5 and 7a) is at the foot of the apartment and lines 11 and 7 are within 5 min walk , which will allow you to quickly get to Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est (10min) or Chatelet (15min) . The area offers all the necessary facilities: French Boulangerie, restaurants, groceries, bars, concert halls and many shops. I remain at your disposal to help you spend a wonderful stay in Pari
5513		Jedna sa o studio situovane kusok od Parc de la Vilette a Buttes Chaumonts
5514	This is a cosy and arty place, in a neigboorhood wich is growing up really fast to the parisien hipsterhood. You will be confortable here, because I will let you the entire flat for yourself :)	Really close to Le Parc de la Villette (Cité des Sciences, Zenith, Philarmonie de Paris, Géode...). Cosy studio, full of books about music, cinema, photography, tatto, contemporary art... Metro station Corentin Cariou (L7) This is a cosy and arty place, in a neigboorhood wich is growing up really fast to the parisien hipsterhood. You will be confortable here, because I will let you the entire flat for yourself :) Easy access by tramway ( Porte de la Villette) or by metro station ( L7 Corentin Cariou) Traveler (I went to Thailhand, Egypt, US, UK, Turkey... and I xas living in Canada...), I want all my guest feel good and keep a good impression on french people. I could give them all tips important to see in Paris, touristic places or not, especially about art & culture.  Really close to the Parc de la Vilette, with places to see music shows ( Zenith, Trabendo, Cabaret Sauvage, Philarmonie de Paris...), exhibitions ( Cité des Sciences, cinéma la Geode,...). In summer the park is amazing.
5515	Living room has a flat screen, a sofa that turns into two separate beds or a double bed, a coffee table and an armchair. Dining room sits 6 people and there is a bluetooth sound system you can connect to. Bedroom has a 160cm x 200cm bed and a natural latex mattress. It is separated from the living/dining area by a corridor, meaning you can have some privacy if there are extra guests using the sofa bed. Kitchen is fully renovated and equipped:  stove, toaster, kettle, Turkish coffee machine, washing machine, dishwasher and fridge. Bathroom has a bathtub, a towel drying heater and a hairdryer. Last but not least there is an outdoor table and chairs for you to have drinks and meals on the balcony with a view on the canal de l'Ourq.	Located in the gentrified neighborhood of Canal de l'Ourq and Parc des buttes Chaumont, In a 19th century building, my flat has all the characteristic of the authentic french charm you are looking for! Marble fire place,wood parket flooring,moldings. Living room has a flat screen, a sofa that turns into two separate beds or a double bed, a coffee table and an armchair. Dining room sits 6 people and there is a bluetooth sound system you can connect to. Bedroom has a 160cm x 200cm bed and a natural latex mattress. It is separated from the living/dining area by a corridor, meaning you can have some privacy if there are extra guests using the sofa bed. Kitchen is fully renovated and equipped:  stove, toaster, kettle, Turkish coffee machine, washing machine, dishwasher and fridge. Bathroom has a bathtub, a towel drying heater and a hairdryer. Last but not least there is an outdoor table and chairs for you to have drinks and meals on the balcony with a view on the canal de l'Ourq. The coat w
5516	LOCATION The flat is located in a nice and vibrant area in Paris – the 19th arrondissement. It's just next to the Canal Saint Martin and Bassin de la Villette. As you will see, the place is a lively hub of cultural and leisure activities. Cite des Sciences, Cite de la Musique, Science museum, 104 a new cultural place are less than 10 minute walk from the house. You may enjoy lot of free events, such as concerts, music festival or open air cinema festival at the Parc de la Villette. Along the canal you will find cinemas, restaurants, bars, boating and sailing activities, bike paths. The location is very well connected, the flat is 2 minutes walk from the tube station 7  and 5 which serves several central places in Paris such as:  GARE DU NORD ; OPERA ; LOUVRE; CHATELET; LE MARAIS you will find also nearby the house the 54 and 60 bus line which goes directly to MONTMARTRE (Sacré-Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle) FLAT  The flat has just been fully renovated. It is on the 6th floor in an Hauss	LOCATION The flat is located in a nice and vibrant area in Paris – the 19th arrondissement. It's just next to the Canal Saint Martin and Bassin de la Villette. As you will see, the place is a lively hub of cultural and leisure activities. Cite des Sciences, Cite de la Musique, Science museum, 104 a new cultural place are less than 10 minute walk from the house. You may enjoy lot of free events, such as concerts, music festival or open air cinema festival at the Parc de la Villette. Along the canal you will find cinemas, restaurants, bars, boating and sailing activities, bike paths. The location is very well connected, the flat is 2 minutes walk from the tube station 7  and 5 which serves several central places in Paris such as:  GARE DU NORD ; OPERA ; LOUVRE; CHATELET; LE MARAIS you will find also nearby the house the 54 and 60 bus line which goes directly to MONTMARTRE (Sacré-Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Pigalle) FLAT  The flat has just been fully renovated. It is on the 6th floor in an Hauss
5517	Belle hauteur sous plafond (2,80m), parquet, moulures cheminées. Tout ce qui fait le charme des logements parisiens typiques se trouve dans cet appartement.	Loue dans un immeuble hausmannien au pied du métro Laumière, un joli F4 de 90m2. Idéal pour un séjour à Paris en famille avec ses 2 chambres spacieuses, son salon, sa salle à manger, cuisine dinatoire et salle de bain . Proche toutes commodités. Belle hauteur sous plafond (2,80m), parquet, moulures cheminées. Tout ce qui fait le charme des logements parisiens typiques se trouve dans cet appartement. Le quartier Laumière est celui de la mairie du 19ème arrondissement, entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont et le bassin de la Villette. Très commerçant et cosmopolite, vous y trouverez toutes les commodités et pas mal de restaurants. Le 19ème arrondissement est très vert puisque nous disposons de 2 des plus grands parcs de Paris. Idéal donc pour un footing ou un pique nique. La Cité des sciences, le Zénith et le parc de la Villette sont à proximité. La gare du nord est à 3 stations de métro pour rejoindre facilement le coeur de la capitale et les grands axes. L'appartement se situe au pied du m
5518	"Nice sunny 60 sqm flat in Paris: - 1 big double room (12sqm), with king size bed + 1 baby's cot  - 1 standard double room (9sqm), with double bed  - 1 small shower room - 1 fully furnished open plan kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave…) - 1 spacious living room Bedsheets and linen provided, wifi access. 5th floor, no lift. Ideally situated in the new trendy area of the bassin de la villette along the waterway, with direct access to places of interest: - Paris Plage (summer celebrations and games) (5mns walk)  - Parc de la villette +""cité de la musique"" + musée des sciences (7mns walk)  - Bassin de la Villette (many restaurants and terass) (5-10mns walk)  - Parc des Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful parc in Paris) (15mns walk)  - Canal Saint Martin (15mns walk) The tube (2mns walk) takes you straightaway to big touristic places (without having to change line): - Galeries Lafayettes/ Grands magasins (8mns) - Opera/Madeleine (10mns) - Musée du Louvres (13mns) - "	"Nice sunny 60 sqm flat in Paris: - 1 big double room (12sqm), with king size bed + 1 baby's cot  - 1 standard double room (9sqm), with double bed  - 1 small shower room - 1 fully furnished open plan kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave…) - 1 spacious living room Bedsheets and linen provided, wifi access. 5th floor, no lift. Ideally situated in the new trendy area of the bassin de la villette along the waterway, with direct access to places of interest: - Paris Plage (summer celebrations and games) (5mns walk)  - Parc de la villette +""cité de la musique"" + musée des sciences (7mns walk)  - Bassin de la Villette (many restaurants and terass) (5-10mns walk)  - Parc des Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful parc in Paris) (15mns walk)  - Canal Saint Martin (15mns walk) The tube (2mns walk) takes you straightaway to big touristic places (without having to change line): - Galeries Lafayettes/ Grands magasins (8mns) - Opera/Madeleine (10mns) - Musée du Louvres (13mns) - "
5519	An amazing location for a trip in Paris. Alongside the canal, you will have an access to the best venues... that tourists still don't know about ;-)  We will give you our tips on the neighbourhood, but also on the whole city, and will do our best so you can love Paris as much as we do!	Small and cosy room in a flat located on the Canal de l'Ourcq. Close from metro lines 2, 5 and 7. Many restaurants, bars and cultural venues in the neighbourhood. Wonderful Buttes Chaumont park, 10 minutes-walk. Welcome to Paris! An amazing location for a trip in Paris. Alongside the canal, you will have an access to the best venues... that tourists still don't know about ;-)  We will give you our tips on the neighbourhood, but also on the whole city, and will do our best so you can love Paris as much as we do! You will share our apartement with my lovely roomate Clara, and you will have an access to your private room, a shared kitchen (all-equiped) and a shared bathroom, washing machine included. We will offer you tea and coffee for the breakfast, and leave you clean sheets and towels. The neighbourhood is full of restaurants, small Parisian cafés, cinemas, parks and concert venues. 50 minutes away from Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport and Orly airport. 20 minutes from city center wit
5520	In the 19th arrondissement of Paris, cozy and sunny room 13 m2 homestay in a 65m2 apartment located on the 4th floor. Fully equipped: unlimited ADSL, internet kitchen with oven, stove, microwave. The room for rent is facing west overlooking the roofs and sky, very calm and sunny, well separated from the rest of the apartment: Equipped with a double bed, a desk and a built-in wardrobe. Linen and towels are provided. You will be sharing with Cécile preparing a thesis Letters. Do not hesitate to contact me for further information.	"It is just a 2 min walk to the Metro Jourdain, line 11, a couple of metro stops from the center of Paris. The flat offers a very nice view on Paris old architecture buildings.Typical, it is calm, lightfull and perfectly located! In the 19th arrondissement of Paris, cozy and sunny room 13 m2 homestay in a 65m2 apartment located on the 4th floor. Fully equipped: unlimited ADSL, internet kitchen with oven, stove, microwave. The room for rent is facing west overlooking the roofs and sky, very calm and sunny, well separated from the rest of the apartment: Equipped with a double bed, a desk and a built-in wardrobe. Linen and towels are provided. You will be sharing with Cécile preparing a thesis Letters. Do not hesitate to contact me for further information. The apartment is north-east of Paris, in ""Jourdain"" Metro (Line 11: Mairie des Lilas / Chatelet), 11 minutes from Chatelet, the center of Paris, and 3 minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont. If the time allowed me to, I shall share with y"
5521	Deux pièces, parfait pour un couple (avec un enfant en bas âge  ) 40 mètres carrés. A 5 minutes de marche : la ligne de métro numéro 7 permet d’être en plein centre de Paris en quinze minutes seulement, ou d’aller au Parc de la Villette et à la cité des sciences et de l'industrie. Les bus 54 et 60 passent aussi en bas de l’immeuble, permettant l’accès à des quartiers sympathiques de la capitale (nous sommes à 20minutes de Montmartre). Au proximité : boulangeries, supermarchés, petits magasins de fruits et légumes, pharmacie…marchés de nombreux jours de la semaine. Appartement au 2ème étage sans ascenseur, , exposé plein sud, en retrait par rapport à la rue grâce à une petite cour intérieur. Confortable, très fonctionnel et entièrement équipé  : - 1 salon :  lit avec matelas haut de gamme 160cm x 200cm, internet wifi, mini-chaîne HIFI, platine vinyles… - 1 chambre d'enfant  :  grands rangements avec étagères, un lit de bébé jusqu'à 3 ans, table à langer mise à disposition des visiteurs.	close to the chanel (canal de l'Ourcq) and the biggers parks in Paris (la Villette, Buttes Chaumont), 25min far from Montmartre, this nice flat with typical paris french charming style is an ideal place for a very plaisant stay in Paris. 
5522	Hello and welcome home! Ideal for a little weekend in Paris. My apartment is located in a lively district, and close to everything ! Lovers walking or biking, you can find bike paths, bike stations and walks to help you get around : - Very close, a very well kept hammam ( you will be welcomed with open arms and relax with massages) , a bakery and a market for feasting, cozy bars to find your friends, meet some parisians - Close to the canal and Bassin de la Villette , a pleasant stroll with its marina , its barges and animations - 5 minutes walk , two parks : Parc de la Villette and its many daytime activities ( Cité des sciences, Cité de la musique, ballads and jogging ) and night activities (concerts in la Grande Halle ou dans la salle Le Trabendo... ) and Parc des Buttes Chaumont to stroll, relax, enjoy the view of Paris - Less than 10 minutes walk, two good cinemas, Le Point Ephemere (old factory converted into a bar / restaurant / concert hall and exhibition) major cultural leisur	Hello and welcome home! Ideal for a little weekend in Paris. My apartment is located in a lively district, and close to everything ! Lovers walking or biking, you can find bike paths, bike stations and walks to help you get around : - Very close, a very well kept hammam ( you will be welcomed with open arms and relax with massages) , a bakery and a market for feasting, cozy bars to find your friends, meet some parisians - Close to the canal and Bassin de la Villette , a pleasant stroll with its marina , its barges and animations - 5 minutes walk , two parks : Parc de la Villette and its many daytime activities ( Cité des sciences, Cité de la musique, ballads and jogging ) and night activities (concerts in la Grande Halle ou dans la salle Le Trabendo... ) and Parc des Buttes Chaumont to stroll, relax, enjoy the view of Paris - Less than 10 minutes walk, two good cinemas, Le Point Ephemere (old factory converted into a bar / restaurant / concert hall and exhibition) major cultural leisur
5523	This appartment is perfect for a couple who wants to visit paris for a few days, or for friends. It can host up to 4 people, but it will be a little small for 4 persons (2 can sleep in the double bed and 2 in the sofa bed).	I rent my entire place when I go on holidays. This is 25m² studio, in Paris 19th. One (big enough bathroom) and all equiped (big enough for Paris) kitchen. A minute away from metro Crimée, 5 minutes walking from Ourcq Canal. for 3 to 4 persons This appartment is perfect for a couple who wants to visit paris for a few days, or for friends. It can host up to 4 people, but it will be a little small for 4 persons (2 can sleep in the double bed and 2 in the sofa bed). You'll have access to the entire studio for yourself. Depending on where you are arriving, I will give you the keys and show you the appartment. Otherwise, a friend of mine who lives in the same neighborhood will do it. This neighborhood is really lively, bakery down the street always open, the metro station is only a minute walking, you'll find all comodities (pharmacy - shops). It is only 7 minutes walking from Canal de l'Ourcq and 15 minutes walking from Parc de la villette and bassin de la villette. Ligne 7 of metro is 1 m
5524		Cet agréable studio vous charmera avec son mur en pierre et sa cheminée. La pièce principale accueille avec aisance 1 espace dinatoire, 1 salon, 1 bureau et 1 coin nuit. Vous serez tout aussi charmé par le bassin de la Villette à 2 pas.  Quartier aéré, agréable au bord du bassin de la Villette avec ses péniches-spectacles ou buvette, ses cinémas, ses restaurants, ... 100 metres du métro Riquet et des bus
5525	Two rooms, 54 sqm. The apartment has: - a bedroom facing to quiet private spaces not overlooked,  - a living room,  - a kitchen, - bathroom, - and a balcony. Disabled people: - The width of the doors may fit to disabled people (55 cm / 21.6 inch). - People can sit in the shower, grab handles and use a hand shower, - A lift can help to access to the apartment, presence of external ramps to supplant stairs, - Parking is free and included for disabled people.	Two rooms, 54 sqm. The apartment has: - a bedroom facing to quiet private spaces not overlooked,  - a living room,  - a kitchen, - bathroom, - and a balcony. Disabled people: - The width of the doors may fit to disabled people (55 cm / 21.6 inch). - People can sit in the shower, grab handles and use a hand shower, - A lift can help to access to the apartment, presence of external ramps to supplant stairs, - Parking is free and included for disabled people. Equipment:  - LCD TV to watch AVI and DivX movies,  - DVD player,  - Nintendo Wii,  - WiFi,  - Fridge w/ freezer,  - Washing machine,  - Dishwasher,  - Oven, - Microwave,  - Toaster,  - Bathroom with hydromassage shower,  - Towels and linen provided,  - Separated toilet. The apartment is located between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, the City of Science and Industry (Géode) and Stalingrad. It is close to the Canal de l'Ourcq. Neighborhood (less than 5 minutes walk): - Supermarkets: Monoprix (better foods) and Dia (cheap products), - B
5526	A comfortable double bed in a sunny apartment in the Abbesses section of Montmartre. Free wifi, private bathroom, BREAKFAST INCLUDED, nice American welcome. (Also please note: we are on the 3rd floor of a walk-up, that is, 4th floor if you are American. NO ELEVATOR. ;-) If stairs are a problem for you, you should probably look for another place.) The room is on a quiet courtyard and has drawer space, a cute desk and an extensive collection of Paris maps and guidebooks. Incredibly charming neighborhood with affordable restaurants, bars, food shops and boutiques. Close to Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. Five minutes away from either Metro Abbesses (line 12) or Blanche (line 2). Fifteen minutes away from Gare du Nord (RER and Eurostar). Thirty minutes away from the Louvre, Notre Dame and the Eiffel Tower. And only a short walk away from the Basilica of Sacré Coeur, the café where Amélie Poulain worked and the Moulin Rouge. Art lovers take note: always contemporary art on the wa	If you want a 100% Parisian experience, come to the Abbesses section of Montmartre where I live. It's a village with boutiques, bars, and tons of charm.  I love art and can direct you to what's happening in galleries and museums.  A comfortable double bed in a sunny apartment in the Abbesses section of Montmartre. Free wifi, private bathroom, BREAKFAST INCLUDED, nice American welcome. (Also please note: we are on the 3rd floor of a walk-up, that is, 4th floor if you are American. NO ELEVATOR. ;-) If stairs are a problem for you, you should probably look for another place.) The room is on a quiet courtyard and has drawer space, a cute desk and an extensive collection of Paris maps and guidebooks. Incredibly charming neighborhood with affordable restaurants, bars, food shops and boutiques. Close to Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. Five minutes away from either Metro Abbesses (line 12) or Blanche (line 2). Fifteen minutes away from Gare du Nord (RER and Eurostar). Thirty minutes
5527		Appartement de charme avec poutres apparentes dans une rue calme.  A proximité immédiates de la gare Saint-Lazare de 5 lignes de métro, de 2 lignes de RER et de nombreux bus.  Les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann sont à moins de 5 minutes à pied. 
5528	APARTMENT The apartment is 600 square feet (55m²). It is located on the 4th floor (without elevator) in a Haussmannian-style building, overlooking a large courtyard. The kitchen, living-room, private room and bathroom are at your disposal. The private room and bathroom are absolutely independant from the rest of the apartment. The living-room is reserved for your exclusive use and can be locked from the inside. Kitchen and entrance hall are shared. ROOM & BATHROOM & LOUNGE The room is approximately 220 square feet (20m²). It is equipped with a double bed, plenty of storage and has its own bathroom. I also put at your disposal towels and washcloths. The living room has a beautiful fireplace made of black marble, a large sofa, a glass table and a TV. The floor is hardwood flooring. The kitchen is very functional. Other Facilities: unlimited access to the Internet (wifi), washing machine. LOCATION The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in the 9th district, 300 meters from the Opé	The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, in a Haussmanian style building, at 300 meters from the Opéra Garnier. The room has its own separate bathroom In the evening, enjoy the absolute tranquility of this apartment located on inner courtyard APARTMENT The apartment is 600 square feet (55m²). It is located on the 4th floor (without elevator) in a Haussmannian-style building, overlooking a large courtyard. The kitchen, living-room, private room and bathroom are at your disposal. The private room and bathroom are absolutely independant from the rest of the apartment. The living-room is reserved for your exclusive use and can be locked from the inside. Kitchen and entrance hall are shared. ROOM & BATHROOM & LOUNGE The room is approximately 220 square feet (20m²). It is equipped with a double bed, plenty of storage and has its own bathroom. I also put at your disposal towels and washcloths. The living room has a beautiful fireplace made of black marble, a large sofa, a glass table a
5529	Charming renovated 2nd floor flat (no lift). One bedroom, one living room (with sofa not convertible). Open kitchen with oven and microwave. Windows double glazing. Washing machine. Sheets and towels included.	Perfectly located in the middle of an animated area (between South Pigalle, Opéra and Rue des Martyrs). Typical parisian 35m2 flat for 2 people, with easy access to metro. Charming renovated 2nd floor flat (no lift). One bedroom, one living room (with sofa not convertible). Open kitchen with oven and microwave. Windows double glazing. Washing machine. Sheets and towels included. Great area with many restaurants, bars, bakeries, food stores... Close by walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette,  Rue des Martyrs, Madeleine. And convenient starting point to visit by metro all the city. Easy access to Metro to visit Paris :  Métro Liège (ligne 13) : 200m Métro Trinité (ligne 12) : 400m Métro Place Clichy (ligne 2) : 500m Métro Europe (ligne 3) : 500m Métro Gare St Lazare (ligne 14) : 500m
5530		35m2, 1 bedroom flat flooded with natural light Bright living room and sunny balcony all along, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom just renovated  The flat is minutes from Galerie Lafayette and Montmartre area Metro stop at bottom of the building
5531		Perfect place for 2 persons  who want to have a nice stay in Paris.
5532	You are searching for a place to stay in Paris? Next to the Galeries Lafayette and 10 minutes (by public transport) from the Champs Elysees or the Louvre, our apartment is the perfect place to discover the city! If you are 4 to 6 friends (you can also rent it for less people of course) who want to stay in a fully-equipped flat with a great view, you should go on reading ;) Our apartment is 85 m² big, has two bedrooms, a living room as well as a big kitchen and a bathroom of course.  In the living room we have one really comfortable sofa bed. The apartment is on the 6th floor in a typical Parisien building with an elevator. Our apartment has everything: washing machine, dishwasher, dry cleaner, oven, microwave, fridge, toaster, ironing board, three televisions,… The apartment in ‘non-smoking’ but as we have four balconies you can smoke while watching the skyline of Paris :) Wifi, sheets and towels are included in the price. We provide you a litte “Best places” book, where we wrote down 	Situated in a typical Parisian building, next to the Galeries Lafayettes and 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees, our apartment is perfect for 4 to 6 people! 85 m², 2 bedrooms, a living room with 1 sofa bed, a big kitchen, a bathroom, 4 balconies.. You are searching for a place to stay in Paris? Next to the Galeries Lafayette and 10 minutes (by public transport) from the Champs Elysees or the Louvre, our apartment is the perfect place to discover the city! If you are 4 to 6 friends (you can also rent it for less people of course) who want to stay in a fully-equipped flat with a great view, you should go on reading ;) Our apartment is 85 m² big, has two bedrooms, a living room as well as a big kitchen and a bathroom of course.  In the living room we have one really comfortable sofa bed. The apartment is on the 6th floor in a typical Parisien building with an elevator. Our apartment has everything: washing machine, dishwasher, dry cleaner, oven, microwave, fridge, toaster, ironing board, 
5533	No kidding, our apartment is amazing. 	Quiet, luminous and spacious bedroom for 1 or 2, with a private blue bathroom in a beautiful 5th and 6th floor parisian apartment, Montmartre. View on the sky and the roofs,  smile, WIFI, breakfast, cleaning, bath and bed linen are included. No kidding, our apartment is amazing.  To the kitchen for breakfast, to the fridge and micro waves, to the washing and drying machines, no cleaning, we manage. I'll be there with my 16 years old daughter, Clara, and my little dog Charlie. All you need is there : theater, cinema, food, shopping, tourism, nearby general stores, good restaurants, a living and eclectic neighborhood. Métro ligne 2 BLANCHE ou PIGALLE Métro ligne 13 PLACE DE CLICHY Bus (phone number hidden)
5534	The second you push the door of the porch, you will enjoy private entrance to your home, nestled in a flowery courtyard. You will enjoy the calm and freshness after the excitement of the city. The apartment feels like a house, confortable and relaxing, with large opened rooms, decorated in a fancy Parisian way.	Near the Opera and the church Trinity, close to the trendy district of Saint George our apartment (duplex - level 0 et level 1) is nestled in a courtyard of a 19th century building with an independent entrance. we can accommodate up to 8 persons The second you push the door of the porch, you will enjoy private entrance to your home, nestled in a flowery courtyard. You will enjoy the calm and freshness after the excitement of the city. The apartment feels like a house, confortable and relaxing, with large opened rooms, decorated in a fancy Parisian way. You would like to live as a real Parisian with an important choice of restaurants, bistrots, cultural attractions and fancy shops nearby. But also, the main attractions of the city at your doorstep. check-in and check-out on sunday and french bank holidays are subject to additional fees of 40 € check-in and check-out before 08:00 am or after 08:00 pm are subject to additional fees of 40 €
5535	emplacement idéal pour visite touristique. Près des Grands Magasins et Opera. Idéalement desservi.	Appartement de charme avec poutres : 2 pièces. Dans le quartier central du 9ème, à Saint Lazare / Havre Caumartin. Quartier animé et tout proche des grands magasins (Lafayette, Citadium,..) cinémas, et Opera. Idéal visite de Paris et business trip. emplacement idéal pour visite touristique. Près des Grands Magasins et Opera. Idéalement desservi. Quartier du 9ème arrondissement est très central et animé. Idéal pour le shopping et visites. METRO St Lazare / RER Auber / BUS / GARE st Lazare
5536	tres bien située , calme  Le quartier est très dynamique, vous êtes au centre de tout, quartier riche en activites, musique, theatre , cinema , shopping,  Location de vélo au pied de l'appartement  Location de voiture à 2 minutes à pied dans la gare Saint Lazare Galerie commerciale dans la gare saint  lazare totalement rénovée, très sympas, sécurisé  Possibilité de vous rendre par le train de la gare saint lazare à versailles en 15/20 minutes direct ou bien si vous désirez voir la mer vous pouvez aussi vous rendre par le train en 1H30 à Deauville, c,'est très facile d'accès et vous n'avez pas besoin de voiture 	tres bien située , calme  Le quartier est très dynamique, vous êtes au centre de tout, quartier riche en activites, musique, theatre , cinema , shopping,  Location de vélo au pied de l'appartement  Location de voiture à 2 minutes à pied dans la gare Saint Lazare Galerie commerciale dans la gare saint  lazare totalement rénovée, très sympas, sécurisé  Possibilité de vous rendre par le train de la gare saint lazare à versailles en 15/20 minutes direct ou bien si vous désirez voir la mer vous pouvez aussi vous rendre par le train en 1H30 à Deauville, c,'est très facile d'accès et vous n'avez pas besoin de voiture  Metro saint lazare, liege ou trinité Nombreux bus Station velib( location de velo)au pied de l'immeuble Possibilite de location de voiture à 2 pas Le quartier est très dynamique, vous êtes au centre de tout, quartier riche en activites, musique, theatre , cinema , shopping,  Location de vélo au pied de l'appartement  Location de voiture à 2 minutes à pied dans la gare Saint Laza
5537	Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Dans un bel immeuble au cinquième sans ascenseur.	L'Appartement Paris-Cocoon Milan-Saint-Lazare est un studio typiquement parisien mansardé. A proximité de la gare Saint-Lazare, sa situation centrale vous permettra l'accès à tous les grands monuments parisiens en 30 minutes de trajet au maximum.  Le studio est central, au niveau de la gare St Lazare. Dans un bel immeuble au cinquième sans ascenseur. La position centrale du studio offre un accès facile aux Galeries LaFayette mais également au centre commercial Passage du Havre. Boulevard Haussmann, Opéra Garnier, Moulin Rouge, Eglise de la Trinité... Vous trouverez des restaurants, des épiceries et des bars juste à côté de l'établissement. Le centre commercial Les Galeries LaFayette se situe à 12 minutes de marche du logement. Le quartier de Montmartre se situe à 15 minutes de marche du logement. Transport en commun: Métro:  Station Liège (ligne 13), à 2 minutes Station Saint Lazare (ligne 3, 12, RER E), à 7 minutes  Draps, serviettes, shampoing sont fournis. Eau et boisson fraîche de 
5538	The apartment is ideally located : 5 minutes walk from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes walking  from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. With line 2 or 13 you will be 10 minutes from the Champs Elysées and 15 minutes from Chatelet with line 14.	A very nice flat located right in the center of Paris in the theater district. The appartment is perfect for 2 people and includes all necessary appliances. This flat is waiting for you for a lovely stay !  The apartment is ideally located : 5 minutes walk from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes walking  from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur. With line 2 or 13 you will be 10 minutes from the Champs Elysées and 15 minutes from Chatelet with line 14. Visitors have access to the whole apartment and all facilities: - Refrigerator  - Freezer  - Microwave  - Cooking  - Kettle  - Nespresso Machine  - Washing Machine  - HD TV (over 150 channels)  - Blu-Ray Player  - Internet / Wifi There are many shops nearby bakeries, greengrocers, pharmacies, restaurants, caterers, supermarkets ... Subway:  Line 2 (Place de Clichy)  Line 13 (Liège) Line 3  (Saint Lazare) Line 12  (Saint Lazare) Line 13  (Saint Lazare) Line 4 (Saint Lazare) Bus :  Line 30  Line 54 Line 68  Line 74 Line 80 Line 81 Line 95 
5539	Appartement tout confort, très spacieux. 165 m2 en plein Paris. Toutes les chambres à coucher donnent sur une cour intérieure très calme. 1 lit double 2 lits simples 1 canapé lit 1 lit enfant à barreaux Capacités 5-6 personnes. L'appartement comporte une vaste entrée de réception, un salon, une salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée, trois chambres, deux salles de bains. 2 toilettes séparés.  Les draps et serviettes de bains sont fournies une fois au début du séjour. Les frais de ménages s'élèvent à 80 euros.	Superbe appartement familial tout équipé de 165m2, 3 chbres, 2 salles de bain, 5 pers. Spacieux, lumineux et au calme dans un quartier très animé (Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Grands Magasins, Saint Georges, Théâtres, Restaurants...) Appartement tout confort, très spacieux. 165 m2 en plein Paris. Toutes les chambres à coucher donnent sur une cour intérieure très calme. 1 lit double 2 lits simples 1 canapé lit 1 lit enfant à barreaux Capacités 5-6 personnes. L'appartement comporte une vaste entrée de réception, un salon, une salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée, trois chambres, deux salles de bains. 2 toilettes séparés.  Les draps et serviettes de bains sont fournies une fois au début du séjour. Les frais de ménages s'élèvent à 80 euros. Tout équipé (TV, wifi, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, four micro onde, machine à café à capsules). 2 salles de bains, Baignoire. 2 WC séparés A proximité des Galeries Lafayettes et du Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Montmartre: 8 minutes à pieds!!! Proc
5540	STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed and had to be as the outside environment is quite noisy. If you keep the windows close, the apartment is quiet though. The apartment has many windows, the view on the the Sainte-Trinité Church and the trees of its park is very pleasant ! LAYOUT This 65 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. It can sleep up to four guests.  It is comfortable, well decorated with elegant pieces of furnitures. You will directly enter in the kitchen/dining-room. It features the fitted kitchen and a nice bar that can accommodate up to four guests. You will be able to store your clothes in the large closets of this room. If you cross the dining-room you will access the living-room. Very elegant with its beautiful curtains, its the wooden floor and its beautiful wooden desk, this room also features a sofabed (double bed 140x200), several seats, a chest of drawers and a	Elegant 2-bedroom 65 sqm apartment, suitable for four people, combining period style furniture and contemporary features, located near Saint Lazare station in the 9th district of Paris. Beautiful and comfortable, perfect for short stays ! STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured by a door with an intercom. The windows are double-glazed and had to be as the outside environment is quite noisy. If you keep the windows close, the apartment is quiet though. The apartment has many windows, the view on the the Sainte-Trinité Church and the trees of its park is very pleasant ! LAYOUT This 65 sqm apartment has two separate bedrooms. It can sleep up to four guests.  It is comfortable, well decorated with elegant pieces of furnitures. You will directly enter in the kitchen/dining-room. It features the fitted kitchen and a nice bar that can accommodate up to four guests. You will be able to store your clothes in the large closets of this room. If you cross
5541	If you are a couple looking for an apartment to stay in Paris, this duplex is ideal for you. The house is equipped with a large double bed, a television, and storage shelves. In the kitchen you will have access to a microwave oven, a refrigerator, as well as the necessary accessories for the kitchen. The internet connection is free and unlimited.	The apartment is located in the 9th district, 5 minutes from “ Moulin Rouge”, “Pigalle”, “Montmartre”. With an area of 21 m2, the duplex is comfortable and has a well equipped room, a bathroom and a kitchen. If you are a couple looking for an apartment to stay in Paris, this duplex is ideal for you. The house is equipped with a large double bed, a television, and storage shelves. In the kitchen you will have access to a microwave oven, a refrigerator, as well as the necessary accessories for the kitchen. The internet connection is free and unlimited.
5542		Cozy 35m² (376.74ft²) apartment. Comfortably furnished, includes a non-overlooking balcony. Ideally situated at 1min walk from Saint Lazare Station, 5min walk from Opéra and 2min from Boulevard Hausseman (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps)
5543		Nice room with balcony very next to Gare du Nord not far at all from Montmartre.
5544		Chambre avec Mezzanine salle de Bain et cuisine avec Machine a laver
5545	Large flat in the center of paris  2 bedrooms , 1 large bedroom with double bed ,  , one with couch bed for 2 peopleS Large double living room, kitchen and bathroom, independant  toilets  Washing machine,  tv , wifi  Our flat is in the 4 th floor, with lift interphone, digicode  Very calm  And very well situated, nearby metro st lazare, trinite liege Very closed to the big departement store galeries lafayette and printemps ( 5 mn walking)   Near museums and theatre and the opera , 10 mn walking 2 mn walk from the tube station St Lazare or Liege  you have restaurant at the corner of the street, bakery , all shop very nearby, supermarket  you can also rent bike outside of our flat  the area is very safe  and it's very easy for you to get the train off to versailles 15 mn from st Lazare station you can also rent car in  st Lazare Station Our flat is decorated in modern art, art deco style, we like very much art	Large flat in the center of paris  2 bedrooms , 1 large bedroom with double bed ,  , one with couch bed for 2 peopleS Large double living room, kitchen and bathroom, independant  toilets  Washing machine,  tv , wifi  Our flat is in the 4 th floor, with lift interphone, digicode  Very calm  And very well situated, nearby metro st lazare, trinite liege Very closed to the big departement store galeries lafayette and printemps ( 5 mn walking)   Near museums and theatre and the opera , 10 mn walking 2 mn walk from the tube station St Lazare or Liege  you have restaurant at the corner of the street, bakery , all shop very nearby, supermarket  you can also rent bike outside of our flat  the area is very safe  and it's very easy for you to get the train off to versailles 15 mn from st Lazare station you can also rent car in  st Lazare Station Our flat is decorated in modern art, art deco style, we like very much art TV, CD, washing machine, dish machine Very central, nearby cinema, theatre, co
5546	Appartement idéalement situé rue d'Asmterdam, à mi chemin entre la place de clichy et la gare Saint Lazare.  Tous transports et commerces à proximité. Bars dans les rues avoisinantes. 	Le quartier est très sympa, à mi-chemin entre Saint Lazare et Place de Clichy... il y a tout à proximité. C'est assez calme car le studio est côté cour de l'immeuble. L'appartement fait 30m2 et il est entièrement équipé. Appartement idéalement situé rue d'Asmterdam, à mi chemin entre la place de clichy et la gare Saint Lazare.  Tous transports et commerces à proximité. Bars dans les rues avoisinantes. Entrée, pièce de vie, cuisine, salle de bain et wc Je serai présente pour vous accueillir. La proximité de toutes les commodités ! :) Multiples possibilités : métro ligne 13 et 2, bus 95 et 81 Avant votre départ, il est important d'effectuer le ménage (coup de serpillère dans la cuisine et la salle d'eau, nettoyage évier cuisine, douche, lavabo, et nettoyage des draps utilisés). Pour toute question, n'hésitez pas à me demander.
5547		Very quiet, bright and confortable room in a 170m2 flat near Montmartre and Gare du Nord (both 5 minutes away walking)
5548	Appartement de 50m² au 2ème étage sans ascenseur  Grand salon avec cuisine US et canapé lit convertible une grande chambre fermée avec un lit 160x200 et un lit superposé ( 2 couchages 90x 190) Salle de bain avec toilette et douche  Grande terrasse aménagée Parking  gratuit possible en sous-sol à proximité immédiate	Idéalement situé , à deux pas de la Gare Saint-Lazare dans une rue calme Metro ligne 3,9,12,13 RER A et E Appartement avec terrasse aménagée , une grand salon / cuisine,  une chambre  et une salle de bain Proche Printemps, Galeries Lafayette Appartement de 50m² au 2ème étage sans ascenseur  Grand salon avec cuisine US et canapé lit convertible une grande chambre fermée avec un lit 160x200 et un lit superposé ( 2 couchages 90x 190) Salle de bain avec toilette et douche  Grande terrasse aménagée Parking  gratuit possible en sous-sol à proximité immédiate Proche Opera, Madeleine, Concorde, Louvres, Grands magasins
5549	ideally located in the heart of Paris	For those who are not a couple. Each one has his own space.  2 rooms or large studio with 2 single beds separated by bookshelves. Ideally located in the heart of Paris your will appreciate the quiet of a courtyard. ideally located in the heart of Paris The guests have the full apartment. If 2 guests I leave my atelier after meeting them. Very central. Its possible to walk to most places to visit. But it's also very convenient to have all metros and bus right near It's so easy from the Airport direct to Opera with the bus, and less than 2 mn walk. If 1 guest to share my flat with me I care about sightseeing, visiting museums ... Why not french course or sketching together ?
5550	The studio is located at the back of a nice and quiet building, south exposed with a small terrace where you can enjoy the best hours of sunny Paris and a great view over the famous parisian roofs!  The building is in a tiny street (very quiet and few cars going through!), the studio is located at the 6th floor without elevator.	Charming and typical parisian studio, perfectly located in Montmartre and Pigalle area: - 2 steps from the Moulin Rouge - right in front of the famous Amelie's Cafe - 10 minutes walking from the Sacré-cœur - and the striking Pigalle place! The studio is located at the back of a nice and quiet building, south exposed with a small terrace where you can enjoy the best hours of sunny Paris and a great view over the famous parisian roofs!  The building is in a tiny street (very quiet and few cars going through!), the studio is located at the 6th floor without elevator. You ll access to every facilities in my studio: - the kitchen : double electric plate, micro-wave and grill, a fridge, and basic ustensils you could need. You can also enjoy tea, coffee and chocolat! - Shower : shower gel, shampoo, towels, hair dryer and miror. - Double bed, sheets - Others: TV, several cupboards, and private toilets outside in front of the studio. Every health and house keeping products used in the studio ar
5551	In a backyard, closed to Moulin Rouge, this quiet and charming studio will do enjoy your stay in Paris.  Wifi access, Television, a coffee machine, a kettler  and towels are included. Located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris , in the heart of Montmartre in a shopping and lively street, with shops open every day including some 24H/24	In the heart of Montmartre, at 50 meters of Moulin Rouge, this lovely studio will offer you an unforgettable souvenir of Paris.  Enjoy!!! In a backyard, closed to Moulin Rouge, this quiet and charming studio will do enjoy your stay in Paris.  Wifi access, Television, a coffee machine, a kettler  and towels are included. Located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris , in the heart of Montmartre in a shopping and lively street, with shops open every day including some 24H/24 The nearest stations are underground Blanche / Pigalle / Place de Clichy providing access to all the major sites of Paris in less than 15 minutes by public transports . Many bus lines 66 ( Department Stores , Opera ), 31 ( North Station, Champs- Elysees ), 74 ( Grands Boulevards , Louvre, Hotel de Ville ), 53 ( Saint Lazare , Opera ) allow easy access to many areas in 15 minutes. I am at your disposal to welcome you in the best conditions: I speak French , English and German. The area, very pleasant, is typically Paris
5552	"Hello!! We rent a room in our charming apartment of 45 m2 situated between the 10th, 9th and 18th district. In a very quiet building, the apartment gives onto a raised and sunny court(yard). The room, very spacious, gives directly onto the bathroom. You have access at the all flat! The lounge is equipped with a big TV, a DVD player, cable and ""Canal+"", Wifi+internet. The kitchen is completely equipped. The bathroom consists of a shower.  The apartment is close to any businesses, restaurants, cinema and only a few meters from the subway ""Poissonnière"" (ligne 7), in 5 - 10 minutes walk of the Gare du Nord station and Gare de l'est.  15/20 min from ""La Butte Montmartre"", Grand boulevards and the Garnier Opera, we are situated at the heart of Paris!  As for we are two 26 and 35-year-old inhabitants roomates, we would love to share with you our home and love of Paris. Hope to see you soon!  Anne & Laurent :))."	"Hello!! We rent a room in our charming apartment of 45 m2 situated between the 10th, 9th and 18th district. In a very quiet building, the apartment gives onto a raised and sunny court(yard). The room, very spacious, gives directly onto the bathroom. You have access at the all flat! The lounge is equipped with a big TV, a DVD player, cable and ""Canal+"", Wifi+internet. The kitchen is completely equipped. The bathroom consists of a shower.  The apartment is close to any businesses, restaurants, cinema and only a few meters from the subway ""Poissonnière"" (ligne 7), in 5 - 10 minutes walk of the Gare du Nord station and Gare de l'est.  15/20 min from ""La Butte Montmartre"", Grand boulevards and the Garnier Opera, we are situated at the heart of Paris!  As for we are two 26 and 35-year-old inhabitants roomates, we would love to share with you our home and love of Paris. Hope to see you soon!  Anne & Laurent :))."
5553	A deux pas de la fameuse rue Lepic, célèbre pour son café d'Amélie Poulain, et pour les artistes et écrivains qui y ont vécu. Un quartier chaleureux, de nombreux commerces de bouche raffinés, pâtisseries et restaurants, tous les produits des terroirs de France vous séduiront ! Vous êtes à Paris ! A la fois plongés dans l'histoire et dans le Paris d'aujourd'hui le plus vivant. 	Studio plein de charme au coeur de Montmartre. Calme et cosy. Vous apprécierez la déco et le confort de ce petit havre de paix dans ce quartier mythique de Paris. Canapé-lit d'excellente qualité. Douche. Coin cuisine. A deux pas de la fameuse rue Lepic, célèbre pour son café d'Amélie Poulain, et pour les artistes et écrivains qui y ont vécu. Un quartier chaleureux, de nombreux commerces de bouche raffinés, pâtisseries et restaurants, tous les produits des terroirs de France vous séduiront ! Vous êtes à Paris ! A la fois plongés dans l'histoire et dans le Paris d'aujourd'hui le plus vivant. Vous disposez d'un logement entier, au dernier étage d'une copropriété très calme, sur cour ombragée et fleurie. Le canapé-lit, neuf, est de qualité supérieure, dépliable sans effort. Grand lit, matelas très confortable. Plancher, coin cuisine, micro-onde, douche. W.C. sur le pallier. Vous serez accueillis chaleureusement par Pierre et Hélène, qui vous recommanderont, si vous le souhaitez, quelques v
5554	A quiet apartment with a beautiful view onto the Sacré Coeur.	A well thought out 2 room apartment very close to Montmartre. Métro Poissonière (line 7), close to Barbès (line 2) and Gare du Nord (lines 4 and 5). Beautifully finished with a stunning view of the Sacré Coeur.  A quiet apartment with a beautiful view onto the Sacré Coeur. complete access to the apartment, including wifi. I will not be present during the duration of your stay. But my friendly house mate will be. Situated between the historical arrondissment of Montmartre which is a beautiful place to wander around the ancient cobble stone streets and the Canal Saint Martin, another hotspot for fulfilling walks. Excellent access to the métro, including Line 7, 2, 4, 5, RER B and the RER E.
5555		Appat très beaux et en plain paris
5556		Magnificent apartment at the heart of Paris offering one very beautiful view on Paris.  5 minutes walking of Galleries Lafayette, Montmartre and Pigalle.  1 room  1 lounge 1 bathroom  1 kitchen 47m2 7th floor without elevator (but what view!) Lot of shops, bars, restaurants around, an area very Parisian !
5557	Walking distance from Montmartre, this is a modern and very light studio apartment located in the 9th district of Paris, just a few minutes from Montmartre. It is situated on the 2nd French floor in the building with an elevator. Fully equiped.A living room with a large wardrobe, double sofa-bed and a couch, a TV set, WIFI / Internet, a dining table for 6/8 persons, an American fully equipped kitchen, a mezzanine with a double bed, a bathroom with a bath and a large wardrobe and an independent WC.Many touristic / shopping centers around (Montmartre, Pigalle / Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Trinité).3 metro stations nearby: Place de Clichy, Blanche, Pigalle, Liège, Saint-Lazare.Price negociable depending on your stay length.Contact: (email hidden)	Walking distance from Montmartre, this is a modern and very light studio apartment located in the 9th district of Paris, just a few minutes from Montmartre. It is situated on the 2nd French floor in the building with an elevator. Fully equiped. Walking distance from Montmartre, this is a modern and very light studio apartment located in the 9th district of Paris, just a few minutes from Montmartre. It is situated on the 2nd French floor in the building with an elevator. Fully equiped.A living room with a large wardrobe, double sofa-bed and a couch, a TV set, WIFI / Internet, a dining table for 6/8 persons, an American fully equipped kitchen, a mezzanine with a double bed, a bathroom with a bath and a large wardrobe and an independent WC.Many touristic / shopping centers around (Montmartre, Pigalle / Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Trinité).3 metro stations nearby: Place de Clichy, Blanche, Pigalle, Liège, Saint-Lazare.Price negociable depending on your stay length.Contact: (email hid
5558	Authentic Parisian apartment Spacious living space Fully-equipped kitchen Quiet neighbors	Authentic / cosy Parisian flat with modern decoration. Spacious living area with dining space. 3 bedrooms with double beds / 2 bathrooms. Located in the heart of Paris, a 10-minute walk to Montmartre & Opera, and closed to trendy restaurants and bars Authentic Parisian apartment Spacious living space Fully-equipped kitchen Quiet neighbors A welcome wine bottle will be offered I will try being there to welcome guests and say goodbye but it will depend on my agenda  Quiet street but very closed to trendy restaurants and bars in the 9th district, and main Paris attractions (Sacré-coeur / Opera House / Pigalle...) Metro (5min walking) : line 9 (Poissonière) or 2 (Anvers - Sacré-Coeur) Bus line (2 min walking) on Maubeuge street @ the corner with Condorcet street) : line 42 (Eiffel Tower), 43 / 26 (Opera House) , 48 (Louvre Museum)
5559	"This modern studio of 32m2 has a very comfortable sofa bed and plenty of storage. The neighbourhood (Saint Lazare / Pigalle) is full of nice restaurants and fun bars. But the apartment is in a small street, so you will not be disturb by any noise. I must add the neighbourhood is really safe. And the location is great:  - 5 min walk from Pigalle - 5 min walk from ""Galerie Lafayette"" - 10 min walk from the Grands Boulevards  - 25 min walk / 10 min by tube from Notre Dame and Saint Michel  - 5 min walk from Gare Saint Lazare"	"If  you're looking for a little cocoon to spend typical parisian holidays, my flat can be the one you need.  Quiet and lightful the flat is ideally located in the lively St-Lazare few steps away from Grand Rex, Le Louvre and Gallerie Lafayette. This modern studio of 32m2 has a very comfortable sofa bed and plenty of storage. The neighbourhood (Saint Lazare / Pigalle) is full of nice restaurants and fun bars. But the apartment is in a small street, so you will not be disturb by any noise. I must add the neighbourhood is really safe. And the location is great:  - 5 min walk from Pigalle - 5 min walk from ""Galerie Lafayette"" - 10 min walk from the Grands Boulevards  - 25 min walk / 10 min by tube from Notre Dame and Saint Michel  - 5 min walk from Gare Saint Lazare You will have access to everything in the apartment: a bathroom, a kitchen (oven, microwave, toaster... ), internet I will be there to give you the keys, show you the apartment and help you decide where to get your first drink/"
5560	Spacious and bright, ideal for a Parisian stay with family or friends!  Located in the trendy area of Paris, you'll have easy access to all major attractions of the capital. The apartment is very quiet as it is located on the 6th and last floor (no elevator, but we will help you to bring your luggages). Two large bedrooms and large living room with American kitchen allow you to debrief your day together and relax after a day of sightseeing. All amenities: kitchen, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, Wifi, TV, kettle coffee ...  Numerous shops, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, open every day. This apartment is waiting for you! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight For a check-in before 8.00am in the morning we ask for 50€ to give us upon arrival	Spacious and bright, ideal for a Parisian stay with family or friends!  Spacious and bright, ideal for a Parisian stay with family or friends!  Located in the trendy area of Paris, you'll have easy access to all major attractions of the capital. The apartment is very quiet as it is located on the 6th and last floor (no elevator, but we will help you to bring your luggages). Two large bedrooms and large living room with American kitchen allow you to debrief your day together and relax after a day of sightseeing. All amenities: kitchen, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, Wifi, TV, kettle coffee ...  Numerous shops, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, open every day. This apartment is waiting for you! For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight For a check-in before 8.00am in the morning we ask for 50€ to give us upon arrival Direct access to m
5561	L'appartement est un F2-3 : il dispose d'une chambre indépendante (lit double), d'une autre chambre (lit double) en mezzanine donnant sur le salon, lui-même ouvert sur la cuisine avec bar.  WC et salle de bain séparés. Wifi, linge de lit et nécessaire de cuisine sont inclus (plaques à induction, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur...). Laverie automatique située à une rue. 	Bel appartement du centre ville parisien (place Clichy) situé au 2e étage avec ascenseur. Haut de plafond, l'appartement est un F2-3 situé dans un quartier charismatique : Grands boulevards, Montmartre et Pigalle sont accessibles à pied. L'appartement est un F2-3 : il dispose d'une chambre indépendante (lit double), d'une autre chambre (lit double) en mezzanine donnant sur le salon, lui-même ouvert sur la cuisine avec bar.  WC et salle de bain séparés. Wifi, linge de lit et nécessaire de cuisine sont inclus (plaques à induction, micro-ondes, four, réfrigérateur...). Laverie automatique située à une rue. Toutes les pièces seront accessibles aux voyageurs. Nous ne serons pas sur place pendant la période où nous souhaitons mettre à disposition notre appartement, nous serons alors joignables par téléphone en cas de besoin. Pouvons nous déplacer si problème. Quartier dynamique et riche, la place de Clichy est un lieu très accessible en tout point : à pied vous vous situez à 15 minutes des G
5562		Appart. chaleureux et moderne de 55 m² sur 2 étages  au cœur de Paris, donnant sur cour privative avec table et chaises de jardin.  Situé au pied de la gare Saint-Lazare, à 2 min des grands magasins et au croisement de nombreux métro, RER et bus.
5563	Located on the 4th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment features a 5sqm terrace with a lovely clear view, and three of the bedrooms give on a the same long balcony (7sqm) overlooking the street. This place is very bright and quiet as all the windows are double glazed. This charming 105sqm apartment has four bedrooms, three bathrooms and can sleep up to eight guests. The entrance hall gives on the two aisles of the apartment. Overlooking the street, you will find three bedrooms. The living-room, the dining-room, the kitchen and the forth bedroom give on the other side of the building. The spacious entrance hall features large closets with sliding mirror doors. From the hall you will access the main room. It is very spacious and has been divided in two areas. First the living-room with two couches, a desk and a television. Secondly the dining-room with a large dining table for eight people. The la	Amazing 4-bedroom 105sqm (1059 sq ft) apartment with three bathrooms, a terrace, a long balcony, very quiet, luminous, suitable for eight people, located in a quiet street of a lively neighbourhood of Paris : the 9th district, two steps away from the Located on the 4th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment features a 5sqm terrace with a lovely clear view, and three of the bedrooms give on a the same long balcony (7sqm) overlooking the street. This place is very bright and quiet as all the windows are double glazed. This charming 105sqm apartment has four bedrooms, three bathrooms and can sleep up to eight guests. The entrance hall gives on the two aisles of the apartment. Overlooking the street, you will find three bedrooms. The living-room, the dining-room, the kitchen and the forth bedroom give on the other side of the building. The spacious entrance hall features large closets with sliding mir
5564	Grand studio de 35m2 en rez-de-chaussée donnant sur un petit jardin. Petit nid d'amour ou havre de paix situé dans une impasse quasi-secrète du quartier: une impasse piétonne de charme, lieu typique du paysage montmartrois. Proche des transports. Cet appartement est situé au coeur de Pigalle dans une impasse calme, charmante et reculée. L'immeuble est doté d'un petit jardin dont les voyageurs peuvent jouir aisément. L'intérieur est de charme: un faux deux pièces séparées par un mur de poutres, un lit deux places niché dans une alcôve, une grande bibliothèque avec télévision, lecteur DVD et chaine Hi-Fi, un bureau face au jardin, un joli canapé et une table basse pour se détendre. Dans la seconde pièce, une cuisine toute équipée (four, plaques cuisson, machine à laver le linge, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), une table ronde pour diner jusqu'à 5 personnes, un dressing. La salle de douche est petite mais la douche très grande et très agréable, un porte serviette pour sécher le linge	Grand studio de 35m2 en rez-de-chaussée donnant sur un petit jardin. Petit nid d'amour ou havre de paix situé dans une impasse quasi-secrète du quartier: une impasse piétonne de charme, lieu typique du paysage montmartrois. Proche des transports. Cet appartement est situé au coeur de Pigalle dans une impasse calme, charmante et reculée. L'immeuble est doté d'un petit jardin dont les voyageurs peuvent jouir aisément. L'intérieur est de charme: un faux deux pièces séparées par un mur de poutres, un lit deux places niché dans une alcôve, une grande bibliothèque avec télévision, lecteur DVD et chaine Hi-Fi, un bureau face au jardin, un joli canapé et une table basse pour se détendre. Dans la seconde pièce, une cuisine toute équipée (four, plaques cuisson, machine à laver le linge, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine), une table ronde pour diner jusqu'à 5 personnes, un dressing. La salle de douche est petite mais la douche très grande et très agréable, un porte serviette pour sécher le linge
5565		Ce Studio à tout pour plaire; lumineux, douillet, central. 1 canapé lit deux places et 1 lit d'appoint ( chauffeuse mais confortable!! ). 10 min à pieds de Pigalle, d'Opéra, de Montmartre, des Grands Magasin. 20 min du Louvres.. Metro proche : Liège, St Lazare, Blanche.. Metro ligne 13, arrêts Liege, Place de Clichy. Metro saint lazare ligne 12,13,14
5566	Séjour de vacance pour 1 personne. Artiste peintre partage son appartement / atelier et vous propose de vous faire découvrir le Paris artistique. Logé au cœur de Paris à proximité de l'Opéra et des grands boulevards. 2 pièces séparées par des étagères, pas de chambre individuelle. Petit déjeuner compris. Voir aussi mon annonce pour la location de ce même logement pour 2 personnes ne voyageant pas en couple avec 2 lits d'une place. 90 €/nuit. Holiday for 1 person : Artist proposes to share her studio and take you to discover the artistic Paris. located in the heart of Paris near Opera and Grands Boulevards. For 2 persons for the all Flat with 2 single beds, please see second announce : 90 € per night. Urlaub für 1 persone. Künstlerin teilt ihre Atelier in Paris Centrum neben Oper, Grands Boulevards, Galeries Lafayette … Biete Besichtigung von Paris und Museum.  Malkurs, oder Französische Unterricht. Möglich die ganze Wohnung für 2 Personen mit 2 Einzelbett. 96 €.	You are welcome to share my studio. I propose you to discover Paris and its (website hidden) tour, French course, drawing course everything but just not my computer You share my Studio with me. 2 rooms separated with shelves in one big space, so not a privacy room. I care about everything you might need or like to do.  I can cook for you I can take you visiting Paris and the museum I can help you improving your french ... You are staying in the very best part of Paris. You can walk or take easily all metro and buses direct from my place  to the most important places to visit, such the Louvres, Orsay, Montmartre ... There are parking places next to my place if you come by car. Coming from Charles de Gaulle airport you have a special bus (navette) direct to Opera  wich is next to my place. I'll be very pleased to share my studio and give you some time to make you comfortable.
5567	Dear guests, This bright apartment in a Parisian style will comfortably accommodate 2 to 4 people. This apartment has been recently renovated and decorated with great care (located on 4th floor).  It has a large kitchen open to the living room and a fully equipped bathroom with nice shower (italian style)  The bedroom has a queen-size bed, a large storage space. Located on the 4th floor the apartment is very bright (4 large south-facing windows) has no opposite and its southern exposure offers breathtaking views of beautiful olive trees and cactus and in the heart of Paris!  Numerous integrated storage allows you to store your belongings during your stay in Paris. distribution: Living room  • Double Sofa Bed • flat screen TV with cable • wifi connection  • small table with chairs bedroom: • standard double bed • big closet to store your belongings • Iron  Bathroom: • Shower  • Sink • Toilet • Hairdryer kitchen: • Kettle • Refrigerator • microwave oven • Electric cooker • Washer / dryer	Charming and poetic freshly renovated apartment nestled at the foot of Sacré-Coeur, in a beautiful residence typical of Montmartre at the bottom of a quiet courtyard with plants.  Ideal for a couple! (up to 4 people) Dear guests, This bright apartment in a Parisian style will comfortably accommodate 2 to 4 people. This apartment has been recently renovated and decorated with great care (located on 4th floor).  It has a large kitchen open to the living room and a fully equipped bathroom with nice shower (italian style)  The bedroom has a queen-size bed, a large storage space. Located on the 4th floor the apartment is very bright (4 large south-facing windows) has no opposite and its southern exposure offers breathtaking views of beautiful olive trees and cactus and in the heart of Paris!  Numerous integrated storage allows you to store your belongings during your stay in Paris. distribution: Living room  • Double Sofa Bed • flat screen TV with cable • wifi connection  • small table with
5568	deux pièces,un salon avec une cuisine américaine bien équipée. Une chambre (lit de 160) avec un coin bureau (ordinateur Mac)	"Notre appartement de type ""petit "" loft (60m2) donne sur une cour pavée typiquement parisienne avec un salon de jardin .Le voisinage est très sympathique. Vous vivez dans un lieu calme ,rare à Paris mais central pour visiter la capitale. deux pièces,un salon avec une cuisine américaine bien équipée. Une chambre (lit de 160) avec un coin bureau (ordinateur Mac) Nos voisins seront là pour vous accueillir et vous informer. Métro et bus à 3 minutes."
5569		L'appartementest idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. A moins de 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre, des Grands Magasins et de l'Opéra... A 2 stations des Champs Elysées...  Accès direct à Disneyland Paris et au Château de Versailles :-)
5570	Appartement Haussmannien de 50m² 1 chambre 1 séjour 1 cuisine équipée 1 salle de bain	Typical parisien apartment very well placed closed to Saint-Lazare train station, opéra & Galeries Lafayette - 4th floor with lift - double bed room - spacious living room - contemporary decoration - completely equiped - wifi 
5571	L'appartement fait 133m² en duplex, rue de Rochechouart. Il contient 5 chambres et 3 salle-de-bains. Nous vous confions 2 chambres, une salle-de-bain (avec machine à laver le linge) et une entrée indépendante. Une chambre contient 2 lits superposés. L'autre chambre contient un lit double (160X200). La salle-de-bain et l'entrée sont accessibles par l'une des 2 chambres. L'une des 2 chambres contient un petit frigidaire, un micro-ondes et des plaques de cuisson.	The flat is close to multiple metro stops and very central. 10mn walk to Sacré-Coeur and the Montmatre district, nearby Gare du Nord (RER train to CDG airport). You'll be at a walking distance of many top spots (Opéra, Louvre, ...).
5572	The studio was completely renewed last year, though respects its foundations: the atypical structure with apparent beams, skylight windows (2 skylight windows and 3 windows, including one in the bathroom) and noble materials - wood, Murano mosaic in the shower,  It has a separate bathroom. The kitchen is fully equiped with microwave, induction plates, electric boiling machine, washing machine, etc. The kitchen has a washer, fridge and freezer, cooking plates, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, excellent tea/coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar).	Welcome to my recently renewed studio in St Georges, right below Pigalle and Montmartre.  Located on the 3rd & last floor of an ancient 18th century covent, the studio with exposed beams and mezzanine is calm, peaceful and filled with light. The studio was completely renewed last year, though respects its foundations: the atypical structure with apparent beams, skylight windows (2 skylight windows and 3 windows, including one in the bathroom) and noble materials - wood, Murano mosaic in the shower,  It has a separate bathroom. The kitchen is fully equiped with microwave, induction plates, electric boiling machine, washing machine, etc. The kitchen has a washer, fridge and freezer, cooking plates, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, excellent tea/coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar). You will have access to the whole studio - including the books ;) I am reachable at any time by email or telephone - feel free to reach out.  Check-in and check-out t
5573		Lovely flat based in the center of Paris, near restaurants, bars & shops,Hupé.  Fully equiped and comfortable, the appartement is very luminous and cosy.  Everything is made so that you can feel at home ! Near Sacré Coeur 5min, and Subway.
5574	A one of a kind space, on three levels with a high ceiling and lovely light. Full of character. Very quiet. One double bed. Large shower. Charming courtyard. Free wifi. Clean towels and sheets provided. Not suitable for children, as they could fall from the open mezzanine. Not suitable any other configuration that an individual or a couple. It's very well distributed, but it's small. Empty cupboards and drawers for your stuff. Decorated mostly with books and original artwork, full of flourishing indoor plants--they love the light! Small, practical bathroom with large shower and hairdryer (no bath) and fully equipped open plan kitchen. There are also all the basics for you, olive oil, salt, herbs etc.  Please note, as is common for a Paris studio, it's small. I feel the wide angle photos don't make that obvious enough! It's perfectly distributed, however, and has all you need. There's a supermarket just two doors down, open 'till 22h and on Sunday mornings. Not suitable for smokers. At 	Well organised, mini-loft with mostly white, shabby chic decoration and touches of colour. A real little home, with a restful, romantic atmosphere. Clean and cosy. Fantastic location, walking distance from Gare du Nord, Montmartre, Opéra. A one of a kind space, on three levels with a high ceiling and lovely light. Full of character. Very quiet. One double bed. Large shower. Charming courtyard. Free wifi. Clean towels and sheets provided. Not suitable for children, as they could fall from the open mezzanine. Not suitable any other configuration that an individual or a couple. It's very well distributed, but it's small. Empty cupboards and drawers for your stuff. Decorated mostly with books and original artwork, full of flourishing indoor plants--they love the light! Small, practical bathroom with large shower and hairdryer (no bath) and fully equipped open plan kitchen. There are also all the basics for you, olive oil, salt, herbs etc.  Please note, as is common for a Paris studio, it's
5575	This Charming studio for 2/3 persons is in the heart of Paris in a nice typical Parisian building. It's a calm and comfortable apartment for holidays. There are a guard and an electronic door lock and this studio has been newly renovated and consists of: Fridge, microwave, dishes, kitchen ustensils, ceramic hob and a coffee maker. A double bed and an extra bed. A bathroom with shower WC and sink. There are also TV, Internet, eletronic heating, storage room and an iron. Bed linens and towels are provided. In the flat there is the boiler with 100L of very hot (website hidden) is enough for 3 showers. It is necessary to close the water in order not to waste hot water. You need to wait for 2 hours before the next portion of water get heated. There is electric heating so the box is under the window, you can turn it on and put temperature comfortable for you.	This Charming studio for 2/3 persons is in the heart of Paris in a nice typical Parisian building. It's a calm and comfortable apartment for holidays. This apartment is very well situated: 7min walk to Opera - Galeries Lafaytte ( famous department s This Charming studio for 2/3 persons is in the heart of Paris in a nice typical Parisian building. It's a calm and comfortable apartment for holidays. There are a guard and an electronic door lock and this studio has been newly renovated and consists of: Fridge, microwave, dishes, kitchen ustensils, ceramic hob and a coffee maker. A double bed and an extra bed. A bathroom with shower WC and sink. There are also TV, Internet, eletronic heating, storage room and an iron. Bed linens and towels are provided. In the flat there is the boiler with 100L of very hot (website hidden) is enough for 3 showers. It is necessary to close the water in order not to waste hot water. You need to wait for 2 hours before the next portion of water get heated. Th
5576	Nice apartment ideally located close to the metro and in a central location of Paris. Many attractions , restaurants , bars , shopping in the  area , only a few minutes by walking . Very good place to explore the city ! The kitchen , the bathroom and the living room are independents and may be shared .  Popular and lively, with many bars and restaurants for all tastes, at the bottom of my building, very frequented on weekends by a mixed crowed of Parisians. The true Parisian life ! My home is located between the Bonne nouvelle Metro (line 8 and 9) and chateau d'eau Station (line 4)	Private and quiet bedroom , located in a nice and typical Parisian appartment and only a few minutes away from all amenities and transport 5 th floor but no lift !
5577	Beautiful appartment for two, 35 sqm approx., ideally nestled in the heart of South Pigalle district. Overlooking a peaceful interior courtyard, you’ll feel at home in this confortable, calm and fully equipped appartment. Twin Bed available on request. 	Located at the foot of Montmartre, in the heart of the shopping and Historic 9th district of Paris, come discover this duplex, calm and cosy. Fully equipped kitchen, spacious bathroom with shower and bathtub. Close to public transportations.  Beautiful appartment for two, 35 sqm approx., ideally nestled in the heart of South Pigalle district. Overlooking a peaceful interior courtyard, you’ll feel at home in this confortable, calm and fully equipped appartment. Twin Bed available on request.  Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with Italian shower and bathtub, hairdryer. Sheets and towels provided by a professional laundry. Basic (website hidden) flat screen. Video intercom.  Place Pigalle and Place Saint George at 2mn Subway Lines M02 and M12 Bus Lines B30 B54 B67 B74 Train stations Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord close by.
5578	This flat has been entirely thought by an architect. Though it is small (12 square meters), it has a very high ceiling which allowed us to build a floor, where we put the bed. There are two windows, from which you can see the Sacré-Coeur. It's very quiet, even with the windows open ! It is entirely equipped, with a functioning kitchen, a large marble table to take meals and a closet to hang all of your clothes.	Tiny apartment in the heart of Paris (10 mn walk from Montmartre and 15 mn away from the Galeries Lafayette!) This flat has been entirely thought by an architect. Though it is small (12 square meters), it has a very high ceiling which allowed us to build a floor, where we put the bed. There are two windows, from which you can see the Sacré-Coeur. It's very quiet, even with the windows open ! It is entirely equipped, with a functioning kitchen, a large marble table to take meals and a closet to hang all of your clothes. I will provide you with a list featuring every address and place you may need to know, from the boulangerie to my favorite restaurant. I will also be around if you need me or if you have any issue. The neighborhood is great, because it's not too touristy. There are great restaurants, vintage shops, cafés and great food stores around the block. The flat is very central, meaning it is close to a few métro stations : Gare du Nord (line 4, 10 mn walk), Cadet (line 7, 2 mn wa
5579		Idéalement situé entre Montmartre et l'Opéra, superbe appartement entièrement rénové par un architecte. En étage élevé et très lumineux. Le quartier est calme et proche des rues commerçantes. Peut accueillir une famille de 4 personnes et un bébé.
5580	"This is a typical Parisian Flat you can ve there. Last floor of a Hausmanian old Flat you have a view on the roof of Paris. 5 min walking to ""Le moulin Rouge"", 1 min to the métro station ""Pigalle"". The street is one aff the most friendly of Paris with many small shop. You've a fully equiped kitchen (electrics burners, microwave, coffe maker, refrigirator, pans, plates, ...). A private brand new shower ;Toilets are in commun with the rest of the stairs (2 peoples) ; only the toilets not the bathroom !! A double pull-out sofa as confortable as a normal bed (blanquet and pillow with it) Table for 4 peoples, internet high debs, Lifts, guitar and many other things. "	"In the most fashon street of the area. The flat in brand new. This is a typical Parisian Flat you can ve there. Last floor of a Hausmanian old Flat you have a view on the roof of Paris. 5 min walking to ""Le moulin Rouge"", 1 min to the métro station ""Pigalle"". The street is one aff the most friendly of Paris with many small shop. You've a fully equiped kitchen (electrics burners, microwave, coffe maker, refrigirator, pans, plates, ...). A private brand new shower ;Toilets are in commun with the rest of the stairs (2 peoples) ; only the toilets not the bathroom !! A double pull-out sofa as confortable as a normal bed (blanquet and pillow with it) Table for 4 peoples, internet high debs, Lifts, guitar and many other things. everything i ll please to answer your questions Quartier très vivant à quelques mètres du métro"
5581	"Small private studette entirely independent of 9m2 with elevator :)) ideally located metro and bus 20 seconds of the door of the building, ideal for visiting all the famous sites of Paris, no loss of time, metro 12 and 2, which are of strategic lines to go very quickly around paris. many theaters and concert halls in the area, restore bar with kitchen and shower - Internet Access free WiFi for you . and I can answer all your questions, I live and work in the same building, so am very available, Free dates that appear on the airbnb schedule are actually available because I praise here on airbnb. description: very well located as address directly overlooking one of the most famous Place de Paris: Place Pigalle :) You are at the heart of one of the most famous neighborhoods and living in Paris. at the foot of the hill of Montmartre red mill """" """" Pigalle Metro """" ""building overlooking the Place Pigalle. ideal to visit Paris! ;) two steps you will find: - Montmartre, - The Nightclub ""The P"	2 people, ideally located 10 seconds from metro Immediate booking possible. of your request, I will validate arrival and departure flexible WIFI comfortable sofa bed for 2 people. fridge + microwave Tele shower linens. Small private studette entirely independent of 9m2 with elevator :)) ideally located metro and bus 20 seconds of the door of the building, ideal for visiting all the famous sites of Paris, no loss of time, metro 12 and 2, which are of strategic lines to go very quickly around paris. many theaters and concert halls in the area, restore bar with kitchen and shower - Internet Access free WiFi for you . and I can answer all your questions, I live and work in the same building, so am very available, Free dates that appear on the airbnb schedule are actually available because I praise here on airbnb. description: very well located as address directly overlooking one of the most famous Place de Paris: Place Pigalle :) You are at the heart of one of the most famous neighborhoods
5582	Studio de 20m2 tout équipé avec sa salle de bain et toilette privé. Il est très lumineux avec deux fenêtres qui offre une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Rue en impasse, calme. Il se situe au 6ème et dernier étage de l'immeuble avec ascenseur, digicode et badge à l'entrée.  Idéal pour un couple, possibilité de loger une 3ème personne grâce à un matelas gonflable sur place.  Vous avez sur place : - Vrai lit en 1m40 + Matelas gonflable 1 personne - Sèche cheveux - Fer à repasser - Cuisine avec un four, un micro-onde, une bouilloire, un frigo - Télévision - draps de lit  - Serviettes éponges et gants de toilette.    	Charmant appartement à l'angle de la rue des Martyrs. Quartier Saint-George/abbesses à deux pas de Montmartre et des gares du nord et gare de l'est.  Studio de 20 m2, très fonctionnel et lumineux. A 2 min du métro et 10 min de Sacré Cœur.  Studio de 20m2 tout équipé avec sa salle de bain et toilette privé. Il est très lumineux avec deux fenêtres qui offre une jolie vue sur les toits de Paris. Rue en impasse, calme. Il se situe au 6ème et dernier étage de l'immeuble avec ascenseur, digicode et badge à l'entrée.  Idéal pour un couple, possibilité de loger une 3ème personne grâce à un matelas gonflable sur place.  Vous avez sur place : - Vrai lit en 1m40 + Matelas gonflable 1 personne - Sèche cheveux - Fer à repasser - Cuisine avec un four, un micro-onde, une bouilloire, un frigo - Télévision - draps de lit  - Serviettes éponges et gants de toilette.     A 2 min du métro Pigalle sur la ligne 2 et 12.  à 10 min en métro des gares du Nord et de l'Est.  10 min, à pied, de la butte Montmartre
5583	Spacieux et calme, l'appartement donne sur une cour claire et lumineuse. Il se compose d'un salon / salle à manger relié directement à la cuisine équipée et moderne. De plus, une jolie chambre est aménagée avec également une salle de bain avec une douche/ baignoire.   Vous aurez la possibilité de profiter de la TV par câble et de la connexion WIFI ainsi que d'une grande table pour organiser des repas entre convives.   Concernant votre chambre, un lit confortable vous sera proposé et le linge de lit vous sera fourni. La cuisine avec de nombreux équipements vous permettra de réaliser vos repas : un réfrigérateur, un four traditionnel, un micro onde, un grille pain, des plaques à induction et un lave vaisselle. De plus, la vaisselle est à votre disposition. 	Très bel appartement haussmannien équipé de 52m2 situé près de la rue des Martyrs et des Galeries Lafayette dans le 9e arrondissement. A proximité de la lignes 7 ( Cadet et Le Pelletier ) et 12 ( Notre-Dame-de-Lorette ), il sera facile pour vous de visiter la capitale. Spacieux et calme, l'appartement donne sur une cour claire et lumineuse. Il se compose d'un salon / salle à manger relié directement à la cuisine équipée et moderne. De plus, une jolie chambre est aménagée avec également une salle de bain avec une douche/ baignoire.   Vous aurez la possibilité de profiter de la TV par câble et de la connexion WIFI ainsi que d'une grande table pour organiser des repas entre convives.   Concernant votre chambre, un lit confortable vous sera proposé et le linge de lit vous sera fourni. La cuisine avec de nombreux équipements vous permettra de réaliser vos repas : un réfrigérateur, un four traditionnel, un micro onde, un grille pain, des plaques à induction et un lave vaisselle. De plus, la 
5584	"This charming, cosy, and quiet flat near the Moulin Rouge is located just a few minutes walk from all reknown places such as : le sacra Coeur and Montmartre, la place de Clichy, la place du tertre, Pigalle ...  The flat is in a beautiful Haussman building, on the 5 th floor ( with a lift ! ). Having breakfast in this recently renovated apartment is one of the good time of the day, deciding where you are going to go.  Anyway, going visiting is never a problem as you have nearby all means of transport : 3 different metro lines and many bus lines taking you whereever you want to go ( you""ll find all details in the home book ) .  "	"Elegant and renovated (2013)  2 bedroom Apartment  PERFECT FOR FAMILY or 4 People - living room (with TV and WIFI).  - 2 bedrooms (Queen bed and twin beds) that can accomodate 4 people.  - Top of the line brand new kitchen and bathroom  - Elevator This charming, cosy, and quiet flat near the Moulin Rouge is located just a few minutes walk from all reknown places such as : le sacra Coeur and Montmartre, la place de Clichy, la place du tertre, Pigalle ...  The flat is in a beautiful Haussman building, on the 5 th floor ( with a lift ! ). Having breakfast in this recently renovated apartment is one of the good time of the day, deciding where you are going to go.  Anyway, going visiting is never a problem as you have nearby all means of transport : 3 different metro lines and many bus lines taking you whereever you want to go ( you""ll find all details in the home book ) .  "
5585	What place could be more typical than the IXth arrondissement to spend a romantic and unforgettable stay in Paris?   My one bedroom apartment is located in one of the nicest streets of the area, few meters from the museum of romantic life and the Gustave Moreau museum, one street from the Moulin Rouge and the Lepic street (Amelie Poulain's street), 10 minutes by foot from the Sacré Coeur, 15 minutes by foot from the main department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps), 15 minutes from the Opera, direct Bus to the Louvre and Le Marais....  My queen bed is the most comfortable you can imagine and one more couch/daybed can be used in the living room. Decoration is a mix of antics and design to give a warm atmosphere! Wood on the floor, high ceilings, paintings on the walls, velvet sofa, library full of books of art. In the bedroom, a closet and a desk if you have to work. Fully furnished kitchen with everything you could need to cook nice french dishes! And not to loose time in th	My one bedroom apartment is a true historical place, located in the charming area South Pigalle / Nouvelle Athènes (station Saint Georges or Pigalle) closed to Montmartre, museums and Opera, fully furnished (hairdryer, towels, coffee/tea, iron...) What place could be more typical than the IXth arrondissement to spend a romantic and unforgettable stay in Paris?   My one bedroom apartment is located in one of the nicest streets of the area, few meters from the museum of romantic life and the Gustave Moreau museum, one street from the Moulin Rouge and the Lepic street (Amelie Poulain's street), 10 minutes by foot from the Sacré Coeur, 15 minutes by foot from the main department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Le Printemps), 15 minutes from the Opera, direct Bus to the Louvre and Le Marais....  My queen bed is the most comfortable you can imagine and one more couch/daybed can be used in the living room. Decoration is a mix of antics and design to give a warm atmosphere! Wood on the floor, h
5586	Unique price-location ratio among Paris apartments.	Very comfortable and studio in a few meters from Galeries Lafayette in Paris and near Opera Garnier. Bed linen & towels included. Shower room with WC.  Check-in: 2:00-8:00 pm. Check-out: to 11:00 am (flexible on agreement). Close to metro. Unique price-location ratio among Paris apartments. All the nessesary for recreation after active day sightseeing. Check-in. Available for all actual question. Fine location near Galeries Lafayette, Opera; not far from Champs-Elysees and the center of Paris. Developed public transport, especially metro.
5587	CENTRAL LOCATION (Montmartre) NEXT TO OPÉRA and GALLERIES LAFAYETTE  lets you bath in Parisian and French culture and sense romantic ambiance.  A beautiful, bright studio is at the 1st  floor without elevator. It compose a living space, a bedroom space, a kitchen corner and a bath room with toilette. Our place is in a very central and safe area (with gadian). Our decoration creates a sense of French old style apartments. The flat is newly renovated. The apartment is comfortable for 2 persons (in bedroom), and it is also suitable for the 4-persons family ( another 2 persons with a canapé bed). The Equipment includes: - free high speed internet/wi-fi, - hairdryer, - kettle, coffee & nespresso machine, - microwave oven, washing machine, refrigerator - linens and towels are provided  A small kitchen provides all the necessary and comfort to help you cook your homemade French meals. The flat is located at the 1st floor without elevator . PERFECT PLACE TO DISCOVER PARIS BY FOOT The apartment	The new refurbished and typical-Parisian-style flat is bathing in the full Parisian culture with romantic ambiance ; Ideal for shopping: GALLERIE LAFAYETTE and OPÉRA are just under our feet; Perfect place to discover Paris by Foot :10-20mins to mainS CENTRAL LOCATION (Montmartre) NEXT TO OPÉRA and GALLERIES LAFAYETTE  lets you bath in Parisian and French culture and sense romantic ambiance.  A beautiful, bright studio is at the 1st  floor without elevator. It compose a living space, a bedroom space, a kitchen corner and a bath room with toilette. Our place is in a very central and safe area (with gadian). Our decoration creates a sense of French old style apartments. The flat is newly renovated. The apartment is comfortable for 2 persons (in bedroom), and it is also suitable for the 4-persons family ( another 2 persons with a canapé bed). The Equipment includes: - free high speed internet/wi-fi, - hairdryer, - kettle, coffee & nespresso machine, - microwave oven, washing machine, refri
5588	One bedroom apartment located on the second floor of a typical parisian building. Living room with a large sofa.  Very quiet building and the bedroom is great to sleep in as you won't be disturbed by any street noises. 	"One bedroom charming apartment . kitchen , bathroom and toilet separated. plus one big lounge  room in historical city center nearby Montmartre . One bedroom apartment located on the second floor of a typical parisian building. Living room with a large sofa.  Very quiet building and the bedroom is great to sleep in as you won't be disturbed by any street noises. Free Wifi is included. Kitchen is fully equipped with fridge and freezer, Nespresso machine. To cook, you'll find 3 electric heating plates, an oven and a microwave. You can use the washing machine as well. You won't have to share the apartment with anyone.  It's located near Martyrs street with all its tempting shops (bakeries - restaurants etc.).  This location is very convenient between the ""Grands Magasins"" (Galeries Lafayettes/Printemps Haussmann), and Montmartre / Pigalle. My flat is located very close to Montmartre and main shops as Galeries Lafayette (2 metro stops or 15 mn by foot) and well served by different metro li"
5589	Petite studette ultra moderne totalement équipée avec cuisine (2 plaques en vitrocéramique, micro ondes,  frigo avec congélateur, autocuiseur, bouilloire, grille pain,  blender), canapé lit 2 personnes(126x180) plus mezzanine, 1 personne (90x190), dressing, linge maison fourni, cabine de  douche, lave  linge, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux, radio-réveil avec 2 ports USB, tv par câble, wifi, kit premier secours. Profitez d'un séjour confortable dans une chambre parisienne tout confort.  Ultra Modern, sunny and clean room very well equiped with kitchen (2 hotplates, fridge, microwave, kettle, toaster, blinder), sofa bed for 2 people (125x180) and Mezzanine (90x190), shower cabin, washing machine, cable tv, wifi, hairdryer, linens supplied, iron repaser, clock radio with usb slots for charging 2 mobiles on one go. First aid kit. Nice view over Parisians roofs. Enjoy a comfortable stay in a fully furnished Parisian room. 	Petite studette ultra moderne totalement équipée avec cuisine (2 plaques en vitrocéramique, micro ondes,  frigo avec congélateur, autocuiseur, bouilloire, grille pain,  blender), canapé lit 2 personnes(126x180) plus mezzanine, 1 personne (90x190), dressing, linge maison fourni, cabine de  douche, lave  linge, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux, radio-réveil avec 2 ports USB, tv par câble, wifi, kit premier secours. Profitez d'un séjour confortable dans une chambre parisienne tout confort.  Ultra Modern, sunny and clean room very well equiped with kitchen (2 hotplates, fridge, microwave, kettle, toaster, blinder), sofa bed for 2 people (125x180) and Mezzanine (90x190), shower cabin, washing machine, cable tv, wifi, hairdryer, linens supplied, iron repaser, clock radio with usb slots for charging 2 mobiles on one go. First aid kit. Nice view over Parisians roofs. Enjoy a comfortable stay in a fully furnished Parisian room. Le logement est situé à 2mn à pied du métro Cadet (Ligne 7) en plein c
5590	This charming Parisian studio of 28m2, newly renovated and tastefully decorated, includes a kitchen, a large room with a double bed and a sofa bed, and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The building, located in a former convent which was subsequently converted into a coaching inn in the 19th century, overlooks a large yard with trees and flowers in the heart of old Paris. When the weather is nice you can sit there around a table with family and friends and enjoy a glass of vin rouge (nice with a baguette and a bit of cheese or pate from one of the neighborhood many foodstores). The main door is fitted with a security code. You can also rent bikes (Velib) nearby for a few euros per day. A Secured parking is located nearby (5 min walk/fees apply). Parking Saint Georges, 20 rue Clauzel. The keys will be handed over on the spot at the apartment upon arrival. Sheets and towels are provided. 	This modern and cosy 28sqm studio will accomodate up to 4 persons.You'll love it's flourished inner courtyard! Located in a quiet street, just near the trendy rue des Martyrs, it's close to many tourists attractions and a short walk to Gare du Nord!  This charming Parisian studio of 28m2, newly renovated and tastefully decorated, includes a kitchen, a large room with a double bed and a sofa bed, and a bathroom with shower and toilet. The building, located in a former convent which was subsequently converted into a coaching inn in the 19th century, overlooks a large yard with trees and flowers in the heart of old Paris. When the weather is nice you can sit there around a table with family and friends and enjoy a glass of vin rouge (nice with a baguette and a bit of cheese or pate from one of the neighborhood many foodstores). The main door is fitted with a security code. You can also rent bikes (Velib) nearby for a few euros per day. A Secured parking is located nearby (5 min walk/fees 
5591	L'appartement de 43m2 est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double et d'un salon avec un canapé-lit. La pièce à vivre est grande et agréable. La cuisine et la salle de bain sont petites mais fonctionnelles (four micro-ondes, lave-linge,...). The flat (43m2) has a bedroom with a double bed and a living-room with a sofa bed. The living-room is sweet and spacious. The kitchen and the bathroom are small but practical (oven/microwave, washing machine).	Pleasant accommodation and ideally located! Few steps from le Moulin Rouge, Pigalle district, le Sacré Cœur, l'Opéra Garnier, and that's not all! The apartment is light and has a spacious living-room! Perfect place for your next parisian holiday!! L'appartement de 43m2 est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double et d'un salon avec un canapé-lit. La pièce à vivre est grande et agréable. La cuisine et la salle de bain sont petites mais fonctionnelles (four micro-ondes, lave-linge,...). The flat (43m2) has a bedroom with a double bed and a living-room with a sofa bed. The living-room is sweet and spacious. The kitchen and the bathroom are small but practical (oven/microwave, washing machine). 9ème arrondissement : quartier central. Central district. A proximité des lignes de métro suivantes : 12, 7 et 2. Proche des gares (Gare du Nord, de l'Est et Saint Lazare). Near to train stations : Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est and Gare Saint Lazare and subways : 12, 7 and 2.
5592	CENTRAL PARIS near OPERA & GRANDS BOULEVARDS  Sheets and towels not provided (option but you can bring yours) End cleaning included TV  included - 6th Floor No Lift How to take your key: From 2:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.: You tell me the exact time of arrival.  Check-in after 20:00: extra fee Between 20.00 and 22.00 : + 15 € Between 22.00 and Midnight : + 25 € Check-out between 8AM and 12AM Early Check-out : extra fee Between 7AM and 8AM : + 15 € If you need to check-out before 7AM you must check-out the day before. Arrival time: from 14.00 Departure time: maximum : NOON Minimum number of nights: 1 No Smoking	Cheap stay in this little studio in the area with large boulevards. Cheap stay in a lively area of Paris, close to all amenities. Ideal for small studio output in one of the many theaters of the district or a trip to Grand Rex. CENTRAL PARIS near OPERA & GRANDS BOULEVARDS  Sheets and towels not provided (option but you can bring yours) End cleaning included TV  included - 6th Floor No Lift How to take your key: From 2:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.: You tell me the exact time of arrival.  Check-in after 20:00: extra fee Between 20.00 and 22.00 : + 15 € Between 22.00 and Midnight : + 25 € Check-out between 8AM and 12AM Early Check-out : extra fee Between 7AM and 8AM : + 15 € If you need to check-out before 7AM you must check-out the day before. Arrival time: from 14.00 Departure time: maximum : NOON Minimum number of nights: 1 No Smoking PRIVATE STUDIO - 6th floor - NO LIFT INTERNET Opera and Grands Boulevards District. Many bars, restaurants and theaters Shopping centers (Galeries Lafayettes, Pr
5593	2 pièces, 30m², récemment refait à neuf et équipé. Pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine équipé (four, frigo, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, …) & bar, donnant sur cour intérieur, chambre avec lit neuf de 160 et rangement, communiquant à la salle de bain (lave-linge, sèche-linge). Au 1er étage (avec ascenseur)	Idéalement situé au cœur du quartier bobo de SoPi (South Pigalle), ce petit deux pièces récemment refait à neuf et parfaitement équipé offre un cadre agréable pour découvrir une vie de quartier animée et les attractions touristiques avoisinantes. 2 pièces, 30m², récemment refait à neuf et équipé. Pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine équipé (four, frigo, lave-vaisselle, cafetière, …) & bar, donnant sur cour intérieur, chambre avec lit neuf de 160 et rangement, communiquant à la salle de bain (lave-linge, sèche-linge). Au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) Les équipements qui sont disponibles dans l'appartement sont les suivants :  - Télévision avec TNT via box internet  - Internet/WiFi  - Chaine HiFi (avec cable jack) - Sèche-cheveux  - Réfrigérateur  - Lave vaiselle - Plaques vitrocéramiques  - Four - Grille-pain  - Machine à café - Lave linge - Sèche linge - Hotte - Mixeur - Table et fer à repasser  - Serviettes et draps compris Accueil à votre arrivée et joignable par téléphone ou mail tout
5594		The flat is furnished using French fabrics such as Toile de Jouy in the bedrooms and silks, etc., in the other areas. The owners made trips to local brocantes and to find some lovely antique furniture and objects. The flat is on the 1st, no lift. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. This part of Paris is known as 'Les Grands Boulevards'. The Grands Boulevards are long chains of avenues that join the Madeleine to the Opera to the gates of St. Denis and St. Martin, the last to the place de la Republique, and the Republique to the Bastille. They were laid out in the 17th century on the site of obsolete city walls and served as a centre of café and theatre life in the 18th and 19th centuries, reaching the height of fashion during the belle epoque. One of the oldest music halls in Paris, Les Folies Bergere which has been around for 130 years, is just around the corner. Even today, if you ask a Parisian, they 
5595	En plein coeur de Paris, proche commerces et transports, décoration élégante et parisienne récente.	Paris 9ème, 10mn à pieds du Sacre Coeur, appartement, 15mn de la place Vendôme.  4/5 pièces (1 ou 2 chambres),  immeuble ancien, ascenseur, code, interphone, parquet, moulures,   décoration contemporaine et récente. En plein coeur de Paris, proche commerces et transports, décoration élégante et parisienne récente. Métro et parking privé payant sur demande. Via Aibrnb ou mon téléphone portable (sms ou appel non stop). C'est Paris ! Métro, Bus, Rer, voiture. Possibilité de ne louer qu'une chambre dans l'appartement (couple ou homme seul) : 80€ avec jouissance de la totalité de l'appartement.
5596	Our apartment is a typical Haussmann type in the architecture with comfortable and esthetic furnitures. This apartment is quiet and bright. It consists of a very big room with a big double bed, an integrated bathtub and an Italian shower. In the lounge, you will find a sofa reads of quality, a big round table for 6 persons hitched in the American typical kitchen. Finally, a childroom with a big bed equiped with an Italian shower with washbasin. We stain to bring a big care to the decoration which we renew regularly. Placed in a  ultra trendy district, you are at 10 minutes by foot from Montmartre, and of the Sacré Coeur the most highest point of Paris where you will have a fantastic view over our beautiful city, and 15 minutes to the Seine river and its quay for strolls, department stores, with many restaurants, bars, brasseries, small shops. Subway and Bus are very easily accessible from the building. A cat, very sweet and perfectly comfortable with the children, even any young, will 	Our apartment is a typical Haussmann type in the architecture with comfortable and esthetic furnitures. This apartment is quiet and bright. It consists of a very big room with a big double bed, an integrated bathtub and an Italian shower. In the lounge, you will find a sofa reads of quality, a big round table for 6 persons hitched in the American typical kitchen. Finally, a childroom with a big bed equiped with an Italian shower with washbasin. We stain to bring a big care to the decoration which we renew regularly. Placed in a  ultra trendy district, you are at 10 minutes by foot from Montmartre, and of the Sacré Coeur the most highest point of Paris where you will have a fantastic view over our beautiful city, and 15 minutes to the Seine river and its quay for strolls, department stores, with many restaurants, bars, brasseries, small shops. Subway and Bus are very easily accessible from the building. A cat, very sweet and perfectly comfortable with the children, even any young, will 
5597	A flat totally renovated, very clear, charming, with an overlooking flowery balcony on Paris' rooftops, with view on the Folies Bergeres theater ! Warm with its timbers, parquet, colors and plants ! 2 rooms, for 1 to 4 travelers. Ah the 5th floor with elevator of a little building, on a quiet street. Access with digital code and intercom. You come in your cozy nest by a hallway serving bathroom and separated toilets. Next you enter the living/dining-room adjoining a nice equipped kitchen. And at the end of the flat you discover the lovely bedroom. Queen Size Bed in the bedroom, and convertible settee in the living room. Bedding and linen provided. Kitchen Equipments : convection oven, microwave, hob, food processor, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, fridge with freezer, dishwasher,... Bathroom : Big bathtub for 2, shower, washing machine with dryer, hair dryer. Living Room : television, hi-fi, cd/dvd, books availables	Very nice flat at the heart of Paris, in the trendy neighborhood of Grands Boulevards. Close by Opéra Garnier, Galeries Lafayettes, Louvre, Moulin Rouge and also Theaters, Movie Theaters, Bars, Restaurants. 2 rooms with a lovely balcony with flowers! A flat totally renovated, very clear, charming, with an overlooking flowery balcony on Paris' rooftops, with view on the Folies Bergeres theater ! Warm with its timbers, parquet, colors and plants ! 2 rooms, for 1 to 4 travelers. Ah the 5th floor with elevator of a little building, on a quiet street. Access with digital code and intercom. You come in your cozy nest by a hallway serving bathroom and separated toilets. Next you enter the living/dining-room adjoining a nice equipped kitchen. And at the end of the flat you discover the lovely bedroom. Queen Size Bed in the bedroom, and convertible settee in the living room. Bedding and linen provided. Kitchen Equipments : convection oven, microwave, hob, food processor, coffee maker, toaster, 
5598	"Cosy Studio 30 sqm located close to the famous « Place Saint-Georges » between ""Sacré Coeur"" and ""The Opéra"". At the 2th floor very sunny. Quiet street day and night. The kitchen is separate. Nicely decorated and clean. Great place close to many restaurants, bars and clubs. 10 min walk to Opéra and 5 min to Montmartre. Metro stations: Saint-Georges (Line 12) or Pigalle (Line 2)."	"Perfect for a couple (love or friends) or a person passing through for business or just visiting... Cosy Studio 30 sqm located close to the famous « Place Saint-Georges » between ""Sacré Coeur"" and ""The Opéra"". At the 2th floor very sunny. Quiet street day and night. The kitchen is separate. Nicely decorated and clean. Great place close to many restaurants, bars and clubs. 10 min walk to Opéra and 5 min to Montmartre. Metro stations: Saint-Georges (Line 12) or Pigalle (Line 2). I will gladly give you the best tips to make your stay a good memory ;) 1 minutes walk from the Metro Line 12 ""Saint-Georges"" 3 minute walk from the Metro Line 2 ""Pigalle"""
5599	Disponible du 1er au 15 août. Idéalement situé: proche de tous commerces, restaurants, de lieux de visite (Opéra, Louvre, Montmartre...).  Appartement avec beaucoup de charme, typiquement parisien (cheminées, moulures, parquet) et parfaitement équipé.	"Appartement haussmannien de 80m2 au 2ème étage, en plein cœur de Paris dans le 9ème arrondissement (grands boulevards). Idéal pour un couple avec 2 enfants. Salle de bain équipée, cuisine ouverte aménagée sur double séjour, 2 chambres dont une avec un grand lit, l'autre avec lits  superposés. Proche tous commerces. Disponible du 1er au 15 août. Idéalement situé: proche de tous commerces, restaurants, de lieux de visite (Opéra, Louvre, Montmartre...).  Appartement avec beaucoup de charme, typiquement parisien (cheminées, moulures, parquet) et parfaitement équipé. Tout ce qui sera dans l'appartement sera accessible: équipement électroménager, hifi, vidéo... Un minimum pour leur présenter l'appartement et le quartier! Si le planning ne le permet pas, un proche s'en chargera. L'ambiance, l'animation, les commerces ouverts jusqu'à minuit pour certains. Beaucoup  de très bonnes tables dans ce quartier dit ""bobo"". Très facilement par le métro: ligne 7 (Le Peletier ou Cadet (2 ou 5mn), ligne 8"
5600	Cet élégant deux pièces de 53 m² est idéalement situé entre la Butte Montmartre et les Grands Boulevards. Depuis la Place Gustave Toudouze, au charme typiquement parisien, vous profiterez d’une vue dégagée et d’un cadre verdoyant au cœur de Paris. De plus, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces dans un rayon de 200 mètres. A proximité du Moulin Rouge, vous pourrez également découvrir à pied le « Paris by night ». Depuis la station de métro Saint-Georges, à seulement une minute de marche, la ligne 12 vous emmènera rapidement au cœur de Paris où vous pourrez découvrir la Place de la Concorde, le jardin des Tuileries ou encore le Musée du Louvre… les bus 74 et 67, à quelques pas seulement, vous conduiront directement Place de l’Hôtel de Ville dans le célèbre quartier du Marais. A la station Concorde, la ligne 1 vous conduira ensuite  jusqu’aux fameuses Place de L’Etoile (Champs Elysées) et Place de la bastille. Ce lumineux deux pièces, situé au 4ème étage  (avec ascens	Cet élégant deux pièces de 53 m² est idéalement situé entre la Butte Montmartre et les Grands Boulevards. Depuis la Place Gustave Toudouze, au charme typiquement parisien, vous profiterez d’une vue dégagée et d’un cadre verdoyant au cœur de Paris. De Cet élégant deux pièces de 53 m² est idéalement situé entre la Butte Montmartre et les Grands Boulevards. Depuis la Place Gustave Toudouze, au charme typiquement parisien, vous profiterez d’une vue dégagée et d’un cadre verdoyant au cœur de Paris. De plus, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces dans un rayon de 200 mètres. A proximité du Moulin Rouge, vous pourrez également découvrir à pied le « Paris by night ». Depuis la station de métro Saint-Georges, à seulement une minute de marche, la ligne 12 vous emmènera rapidement au cœur de Paris où vous pourrez découvrir la Place de la Concorde, le jardin des Tuileries ou encore le Musée du Louvre… les bus 74 et 67, à quelques pas seulement, vous conduiront directement Place
5601	Ideally located in the district of Abbesses in a quiet courtyard, near  restaurants, shops and Metro station Abesse (Line 12) and the   Metro station Blanche  line 2) ,completely renovated. If you come by car you will find a place to park. It is a small house for 4 people between Moulin Rouge and Abesses in a very quiet yard at the bottom of Montmartre hill near restaurants ,shops and metro stations, if you come by car you will easily find a parking place. It consist of a living room with a sofa coach  and a kitchen area with a table for 6 guest, the bedroom has large double bed 160X200. The kitchen has microwave oven heating plates washing and drying machine , there is a nespresso machine for the amateurs of goo coffe. the sanitary is equipped with a Shower, wash basin and a WC;Newly refurbished.  it comprises a large and confortable bedroom with a 160X200 bed and a bright living room with a convertible sofa 140x200 , a dining table for 6 guests , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathro	Ideally located in the district of Abbesses in a quiet courtyard, near  restaurants, shops and Metro station Abesse (Line 12) and the   Metro station Blanche  line 2) ,completely renovated. If you come by car you will find a place to park. It is a small house for 4 people between Moulin Rouge and Abesses in a very quiet yard at the bottom of Montmartre hill near restaurants ,shops and metro stations, if you come by car you will easily find a parking place. It consist of a living room with a sofa coach  and a kitchen area with a table for 6 guest, the bedroom has large double bed 160X200. The kitchen has microwave oven heating plates washing and drying machine , there is a nespresso machine for the amateurs of goo coffe. the sanitary is equipped with a Shower, wash basin and a WC;Newly refurbished.  it comprises a large and confortable bedroom with a 160X200 bed and a bright living room with a convertible sofa 140x200 , a dining table for 6 guests , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathro
5602	"Very close to Pigalle, the ""Moulin Rouge"", and Montmartre (""Sacré-Coeur"").  One of the nicest neighborhood of Paris. "	"Very nice appartment near Montmarte (""Sacré-Coeur""), Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge.  Fully furnished 45 sqm, quiet and close to many subway stations / bus stops ! Appartement situé à Montmartre/Pigalle, parfait pour quatre personnes !"
5603	The apartment (76m2)  is on the 6th floor with an elevator.  This flat is charming, comfortable, very spacious, and extremely luminous. It has antic wooden floor and a large balcony with an incredible view on the Sacré Coeur, there is no buildings directly opposite.  All the windows are double-glazed and keep out noise.	A typical all-comfort Parisian flat with a lot of character and charm. It is the perfect location to explore Paris - a short walk from the Metro, short walk from stunning views from Sacre Coeur The apartment (76m2)  is on the 6th floor with an elevator.  This flat is charming, comfortable, very spacious, and extremely luminous. It has antic wooden floor and a large balcony with an incredible view on the Sacré Coeur, there is no buildings directly opposite.  All the windows are double-glazed and keep out noise. All-in accommodation :  1 room with parents bed 160x200 + hi level switch couch w 140*200 in the living,  Functional kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, microwave , oven ,fridge , freezer, coffee maker, toaster Bath room with bath, hair dryer TV, Internet/Wifi  Towels, cooking equipment are all included. Separated toilets I’m gonna be reachable by phone or email, ready to answer to your questions about the flat Montmartre is a historic, artistic neighborhood in the North of
5604	Very charming flat of 55m ², newly renovated, located on the 5th floor, with elevator, in a quiet and secure building. Facing south, bright. Our apartment has a large bedroom with a double bed, a large living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, separate toilet. The room is also equipped with a sofa bed for 2 persons More practical: - Dishes - Internet access (wi-fi) - Guides of Paris (map, restaurants ...) Ideally located between Place Saint George and the Grands Boulevards, the apartment is down the rue des Martyrs. You can enjoy the atmosphere of the neighborhood and proximity to shops, numerous restaurants and cafes. Must nearby places within walking distance: - Montmartre, Sacré Coeur (10' by walk)  - Pigalle – Moulin Rouge (5' by walk)   - Opéra  / Grands Boulevards (10' by walk) - Place de la Madeleine (15' by walk) Closest Subway stations: - Line 12 Notre Dame de Lorette (1' by walk from our flat) - Line 7 Pelletier (à 100m) - Lige 2 Pigalle (250m)	Very charming flat of 55m ², newly renovated, located on the 5th floor, with elevator, in a quiet and secure building. Facing south, bright. Our apartment has a large bedroom with a double bed, a large living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, separate toilet. The room is also equipped with a sofa bed for 2 persons More practical: - Dishes - Internet access (wi-fi) - Guides of Paris (map, restaurants ...) Ideally located between Place Saint George and the Grands Boulevards, the apartment is down the rue des Martyrs. You can enjoy the atmosphere of the neighborhood and proximity to shops, numerous restaurants and cafes. Must nearby places within walking distance: - Montmartre, Sacré Coeur (10' by walk)  - Pigalle – Moulin Rouge (5' by walk)   - Opéra  / Grands Boulevards (10' by walk) - Place de la Madeleine (15' by walk) Closest Subway stations: - Line 12 Notre Dame de Lorette (1' by walk from our flat) - Line 7 Pelletier (à 100m) - Lige 2 Pigalle (250m)
5605	Very bright and spacious two bedroom appartment. Ideally located is the trendy 9th district (lots of nice restaurants, small shops...)	Our charming typical parisien flat is located in the city center (9th district), few minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge and Montmartre.  
5606	Here you got everything that you need. A nice and pratical kitchen, a bathroom, a place to leave really cosy, fun and nice with an amazing view on the roofs of Paris	Hello, Welcome to my home, it's a very lovely studio, it's close to Montmartre, Pigalle, it's one of the best place in Paris. My studio is really warm, peaceful, pretty and very practical (bus&metro). There is an amazing view on the roofs of Paris. Here you got everything that you need. A nice and pratical kitchen, a bathroom, a place to leave really cosy, fun and nice with an amazing view on the roofs of Paris everywhere!! it's montmartre so it's a very very nice district, there are a lot of bars, restaurants,  many site to visit like Montmartre, moulin rouge... it's a very good place beaucause you can find the metro station at 1minutes, you can take the bus, it's really easy to move.
5607	This apartment in the heart of Paris is ideally located: 100 m from Palais Garnier, Apple store and Galeries Lafayette. At the foot of the bus stop of Roissy airport shuttle, if you arrive from Charles de Gaulle airport, the metro stations for metro lines nº (phone number hidden) and the RER A and E regional train, close to the Gare Saint-Lazare train station, 2 stations away from the Gare de Lyon train station, and from the business district of La Defense. 100m from Vélib' and Autolib'. This studio of 24sq.m is very pleasant, renovated with old style wooden floors, beams, opening on a semi-pedestrian street and its shops, situated on the 1st floor of a Haussmann style building with lift and digital entry lock. It has 1 main room with: real double bed and new comfortable 18 cm thick latex mattress, corner sofa of 215 x 215 cm, coffee table, Samsung 82 cm HD LCD television, ADSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. A lovely renovated bathroom with walk-in shower and toilet. You can enjoy a fully	This apartment in the heart of Paris is ideally located: 100 m from Palais Garnier, Apple store and Galeries Lafayette. At the foot of the bus stop of Roissy airport shuttle, if you arrive from Charles de Gaulle airport, the metro stations for metro lines nº (phone number hidden) and the RER A and E regional train, close to the Gare Saint-Lazare train station, 2 stations away from the Gare de Lyon train station, and from the business district of La Defense. 100m from Vélib' and Autolib'. This studio of 24sq.m is very pleasant, renovated with old style wooden floors, beams, opening on a semi-pedestrian street and its shops, situated on the 1st floor of a Haussmann style building with lift and digital entry lock. It has 1 main room with: real double bed and new comfortable 18 cm thick latex mattress, corner sofa of 215 x 215 cm, coffee table, Samsung 82 cm HD LCD television, ADSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. A lovely renovated bathroom with walk-in shower and toilet. You can enjoy a fully
5608	On the top (5th) floor of a typically Parisian apartment block, this recently refurbished apartment will win you over with its serenity, its bright open spaces, its comfort and its ideal location at Madeleine, close to businesses, restaurants and metro stations.   You enter into a small reception room with a sofa. Then you can make your way into the dining room, a large central space with an open plan kitchen, fully equipped, with an oven and hobs.  Done in pearly greys and whites, with exposed beams and parquet flooring, this central room gives you access to the different parts of the apartment. Starting with a bedroom equipped with a double bed, storage space and a TV, overlooking the calm, one-way street. Sliding doors link this room to a cosy lounge with vintage furniture, with shelves and a comfy sofa, also overlooking the street below.  Via the lounge and the dining room, you can access an elegant bathroom done in yellow and in black, with an Italian shower, 2 washbasins and toil	Charming apartment, both comfortable and spacious in an elegant style, located close to la Madeleine and the Grands Magasins, ideally located to visit Paris. Sleeps 4. On the top (5th) floor of a typically Parisian apartment block, this recently refurbished apartment will win you over with its serenity, its bright open spaces, its comfort and its ideal location at Madeleine, close to businesses, restaurants and metro stations.   You enter into a small reception room with a sofa. Then you can make your way into the dining room, a large central space with an open plan kitchen, fully equipped, with an oven and hobs.  Done in pearly greys and whites, with exposed beams and parquet flooring, this central room gives you access to the different parts of the apartment. Starting with a bedroom equipped with a double bed, storage space and a TV, overlooking the calm, one-way street. Sliding doors link this room to a cosy lounge with vintage furniture, with shelves and a comfy sofa, also overlook
5609	Charme de l'ancien (parquet, moulures). Appartement et immeuble très calme.	Au coeur du 9ème arrondissement (Moulin Rouge/Martyrs/Montmartre dans un immeuble Pierre de Taille, au 2ème étage avec asc., très beau 3 pièces de 70 m2. Décoration soignée. Double séjour, 1 chambre, salle de bains, W.C séparés, cuisine équipée.  Charme de l'ancien (parquet, moulures). Appartement et immeuble très calme. Appartement équipé (Lave/sèche linge), lave vaisselle, four, sèche-cheveux) T.V Samsung 3D Active Lecteur DVD Blue Ray Le calme juste à côté de l'animation parisienne : Les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps), Le Moulin Rouge, Les Abbesses Métro Saint Georges Métro Pigalle Métro Liège
5610	Welcome! We rent an apartment of 60 m2 few minutes walk from the rue des Martyrs (pedestrian shopping street on Sunday), the Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre! The apartment is located in the heart of the 9th district (in the center of Paris), a very lively district with many restaurants, bars and shops. Ideal for exploring all Parisian monuments and museums, shopping at the Galeries Lafayette / Printemps. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building with a code. He is calm. You can stay at least 4 people. The apartment is modern and traditional. The apartment consists of: - A room with a large comfortable double bed (bed linen and towels are provided) with storage - One bedroom with two single beds for children - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed - A bathroom with a shower, a large sink, a washing machine and dryer - Toilets are independent - A fully equipped kitchen with: fridge with a freezer tray, hob 4 ring hob, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, microwave, ove	Welcome! We rent an apartment of 60 m2 few minutes walk from the rue des Martyrs (pedestrian shopping street on Sunday), the Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre! The apartment is located in the heart of the 9th district (in the center of Paris), a very lively district with many restaurants, bars and shops. Ideal for exploring all Parisian monuments and museums, shopping at the Galeries Lafayette / Printemps. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building with a code. He is calm. You can stay at least 4 people. The apartment is modern and traditional. The apartment consists of: - A room with a large comfortable double bed (bed linen and towels are provided) with storage - One bedroom with two single beds for children - Living room with a comfortable sofa bed - A bathroom with a shower, a large sink, a washing machine and dryer - Toilets are independent - A fully equipped kitchen with: fridge with a freezer tray, hob 4 ring hob, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, microwave, ove
5611	Hello I'm offering a charming 2 rooms (463 sqft), recently renovated and nicely furnished, on the top floor with elevator, quiet and very sunny with three balconies. You will find all the necessary equipments for a great stay. Located in the heart of the 9th district (10 minutes walking from Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est), the apartment is 10 minutes walking from Montmartre, Sacre Cœur, Pigalle, Abbesses ... and 15 minutes from Opera and all the department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...) 3 subway lines (n°2,7,12) are nearby and you will easily reach : LOUVRE: less than 10 min CHAMPS-ELYSEES: 15 min TOUR EIFFEL: 20 min CONCORDE: 15 min QUARTIER LATIN (Saint Germain des Pres): 15min NOTRE DAME: 15 min You can also enjoy the cafés, bakeries and delicious restaurants down the building and all typical groceries and food&wine shops of rue des Martyrs. And if you want I will reveal to you my personal address. Come immerse yourself in Parisian life without fear, you will always have r	Beautiful and quiet apartment, sunny and comfortable close to Montmartre, Opera, Martyrs, St Georges. Top floor with elevator. Hello I'm offering a charming 2 rooms (463 sqft), recently renovated and nicely furnished, on the top floor with elevator, quiet and very sunny with three balconies. You will find all the necessary equipments for a great stay. Located in the heart of the 9th district (10 minutes walking from Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est), the apartment is 10 minutes walking from Montmartre, Sacre Cœur, Pigalle, Abbesses ... and 15 minutes from Opera and all the department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...) 3 subway lines (n°2,7,12) are nearby and you will easily reach : LOUVRE: less than 10 min CHAMPS-ELYSEES: 15 min TOUR EIFFEL: 20 min CONCORDE: 15 min QUARTIER LATIN (Saint Germain des Pres): 15min NOTRE DAME: 15 min You can also enjoy the cafés, bakeries and delicious restaurants down the building and all typical groceries and food&wine shops of rue des Martyrs. And if
5612	Very bright and welcoming for those who want to enjoy a Parisian nest in a calm and relaxed atmosphere with natural light throughout the day. It has a nice view of the Eiffel Tower and its lighthouse at night so spectacular and unforgettable! Fully equipped: little kitchen, refrigerator, dishes, coffee maker, kettle, sheets, towels ... Decorated as a very charming chill out, has all the amenities you need: curious travelers, people moving for work, art and good wine lovers!	I rent my apartment in the nice area of  Pigalle - Saint Georges, in the heart of Paris between Opera and Montmartre, located on the top floor of a typical building of the nineteenth century.Very bright and welcoming! Very bright and welcoming for those who want to enjoy a Parisian nest in a calm and relaxed atmosphere with natural light throughout the day. It has a nice view of the Eiffel Tower and its lighthouse at night so spectacular and unforgettable! Fully equipped: little kitchen, refrigerator, dishes, coffee maker, kettle, sheets, towels ... Decorated as a very charming chill out, has all the amenities you need: curious travelers, people moving for work, art and good wine lovers!
5613	"2 rooms for a total surface of 25 square-meters, this freshly renovated entirely equiped apartmentis the perfect place to settle for a little bit and enjoy Paris ""just like home"". You will love its entirely renovated kitchen and its comfortable and spatious bedroom. There is a Queen-zise bed in the bedroom and a convertible couch in the living room, ideal for kids."	"Superbe appartement de 2 pièces tout équipé et tout juste rénové en plein coeur de South Pigalle. A 2 pas du métro Pigalle et à une rue de la rue des Martyrs, cet appartement est situé dans un quartier nouvellement gentrifié, très actif et trendy. 2 rooms for a total surface of 25 square-meters, this freshly renovated entirely equiped apartmentis the perfect place to settle for a little bit and enjoy Paris ""just like home"". You will love its entirely renovated kitchen and its comfortable and spatious bedroom. There is a Queen-zise bed in the bedroom and a convertible couch in the living room, ideal for kids. Metro line 12 and 2.  Bus (phone number hidden). I will be present when handing the keys to answer any questions and will be available in need for any information. South Pigalle, also known as SoPi, is the new neighborhood south of the old Pigalle, world famous red district of Paris. Paved streets, sparkled with numerous restaurants and trendy boutiques, South Pigalle is the ideal "
5614	It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fifth floor directly accessible by the elevator, is crossing with the views from the living room on a street and from the bedroom on a courtyard. This apartment is filled with Parisian charm, with a view over the rooftops of the capital. It was nicely decorated. The entrance opens up on a lovely kitchen with a fridge freezer, hotplates, and a dishwasher. Behind the glass window you will find an office or reading area. The bedroom has a 140 cm double bed and a wardrobe with views on large and quiet courtyard. Featuring 2 large windows leading to a balcony, the living room includes a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV, a dining table and a designed buffet. The refined decoration brings an original aspect to this room floored with chevron patterns, a marble fireplace and a brick wall. Finally, you will find a bathroom with an Italian shower and separate toilets.	This apartment has loads of character with these three assets: a quiet bedroom, a beautiful living room and an office room. We can also add a fourth asset, which is the localization: at the foot of Montmartre, 10 minutes away from South Pigalle. It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fifth floor directly accessible by the elevator, is crossing with the views from the living room on a street and from the bedroom on a courtyard. This apartment is filled with Parisian charm, with a view over the rooftops of the capital. It was nicely decorated. The entrance opens up on a lovely kitchen with a fridge freezer, hotplates, and a dishwasher. Behind the glass window you will find an office or reading area. The bedroom has a 140 cm double bed and a wardrobe with views on large and quiet courtyard. Featuring 2 large windows leading to a balcony, the living room includes a 140 cm convertible sofa, a TV, a dining table and a designed buffet. Th
5615		Appartement très bien situé,  dans un quartier animé, a coté de la rue des martyrs. Son point fort, la verrière qui laisse entrer la lumière dans tout l'espace et qui vous permettra de passer un agréable séjour à Paris.
5616		Un appartement de 25 m2 avec 2 pièces dont une chambre vue sur le sacré cœur. Succombez au charme parisien de ce petit studio décorée avec simplicité et subtilité.
5617	STANDING Building good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the 6th and last floor with an elevator and has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. LAYOUT 30 m2 studio to rent in Paris that has just been fully renovated. It consists of a main room with a real bed (140 * 200) in foldout position and a sofa when it is not deployed. In addition, a fully equipped kitchen is at the other end of the room. The bathroom has a beautiful shower. This is a small Paris studio that has a wonderful view and enjoys an absolute calm.	"One of the few Paris apartments to rent that has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Recently renovated, it is close to shopping centres such as ""Galeries Lafayette"" and ""Le Printemps"".          STANDING Building good standing. The Paris apartment is located on the 6th and last floor with an elevator and has a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. LAYOUT 30 m2 studio to rent in Paris that has just been fully renovated. It consists of a main room with a real bed (140 * 200) in foldout position and a sofa when it is not deployed. In addition, a fully equipped kitchen is at the other end of the room. The bathroom has a beautiful shower. This is a small Paris studio that has a wonderful view and enjoys an absolute calm. Apartment in Paris located in the 9th arrondissement near the area of Opera and the Place de la Madeleine. Shopping centers such as ""Galeries Lafayette"" and ""Le Printemps"" are also 5 minutes walk away. It is a very nice neighborhood with many shops nearby. The"
5618		2 pièces de 31M2 dans superbe propriété avec jardins, à 3 min des métros Pigalle et Blanche. 5e et dernier étage sans ascenseur. Parfait pour un couple. Pas d'Internet. 2 room appartment in a magnificent place with gardens, very close to Metros Pigalle & Blanche, just near the Moulin Rouge. 5th and last floor with NO elevator. Perfect for a (website hidden) Internet.
5619	The apartment is situated in Paris’ ninth arrondissement between the much sought-after Montmatre neighbourhood and ‘L’Opéra’, home to Europe’s most prestigious Opera House.  Rue Lamartine, with the Trinité Cathedral at one end, is an extremely dynamic and trendy part of Paris. Whether you are seeking retail therapy on Paris’ Boulevard Haussman, a lively drink on the Canal Saint Martin, a peaceful stroll along the River Seine flanked by the Tuileries Gardens, or the nightlife of Paris’ illustrious Pigalle, this apartment at the city’s heart offers you the perfect lodging.   Benefitting from its former function as a windmill, the apartment’s rich history gives it a unique character. The sense of Parisian ‘village-life’ that this location offers is reinforced by the tolling bells of ‘Notre dame des Lorette’ and the numerous local ‘boulangeries’ providing you with fresh France’s finest baguettes and baking delicacies (chocolate almond croissants, macaroons, or the ‘Tropésien’ but to name a	The apartment is situated in Paris’ ninth arrondissement between the much sought-after Montmatre neighbourhood and ‘L’Opéra’, home to Europe’s most prestigious Opera House.  Rue Lamartine, with the Trinité Cathedral at one end, is The apartment is situated in Paris’ ninth arrondissement between the much sought-after Montmatre neighbourhood and ‘L’Opéra’, home to Europe’s most prestigious Opera House.  Rue Lamartine, with the Trinité Cathedral at one end, is an extremely dynamic and trendy part of Paris. Whether you are seeking retail therapy on Paris’ Boulevard Haussman, a lively drink on the Canal Saint Martin, a peaceful stroll along the River Seine flanked by the Tuileries Gardens, or the nightlife of Paris’ illustrious Pigalle, this apartment at the city’s heart offers you the perfect lodging.   Benefitting from its former function as a windmill, the apartment’s rich history gives it a unique character. The sense of Parisian ‘village-life’ that this location offers is reinforced by
5620	Facing south and looking at the sky, the flat is positively bathed in the fast-changing and always interesting light characteristic of the Île-de-France; below is a quiet courtyard full of plants and flowers. I am pleased to add that it is a very well-maintained and friendly building.	In the heart of the hottest quartier in Paris, this lots-of-light studio will be the perfect spot to enjoy the best croissant and start a dreamy Parisian journey ! Facing south and looking at the sky, the flat is positively bathed in the fast-changing and always interesting light characteristic of the Île-de-France; below is a quiet courtyard full of plants and flowers. I am pleased to add that it is a very well-maintained and friendly building. This lots-of-light cozy nest (30m2/323ft2) is located on the famous Rue de Martyrs in the 9th arrondissement, just south of Pigalle, just north of the landmark Notre Dame de Lorette. Notre Dame de Lorette is where historical Montmarte began, the omnibus stopping to hitch on the extra horse the hill required. The brothers Goncourt had their apartment just up and to the east off the place Sainte-Georges; Picasso's early dealer Vollard had his gallery just to the south on the Rue Lafitte; Truffaut's boyhood home, the setting for 400 Blows, is just
5621	( photo en attente mise en ligne par Airbnb ) Appartement très lumineux doté d'un grand balcon filant aménagé, vrai duplex atypique, décoration soignée, beaucoup de charme IDEAL couple seul ou avec enfant Un petit chat vit sur place et aura besoin de calins et de nourriture :) ** Couchages : -  1 vraie grande chambre avec lit double à l'étage inférieur, accessible par un escalier en colimaçon -  1 canapé convertible dans le salon	Grand duplex situé aux 4/5e étages d'un immeuble typiquement Parisien, avec parquet et moulures. Grande chambre et double salon baigné de lumière grâce aux nombreuses fenêtres donnant sur un large balcon qui entoure tout l'appartement. Très lumineux, agréable, belle vue dégagée. Emplacement idéal aux portes de Montmartre ! ( photo en attente mise en ligne par Airbnb ) Appartement très lumineux doté d'un grand balcon filant aménagé, vrai duplex atypique, décoration soignée, beaucoup de charme IDEAL couple seul ou avec enfant Un petit chat vit sur place et aura besoin de calins et de nourriture :) ** Couchages : -  1 vraie grande chambre avec lit double à l'étage inférieur, accessible par un escalier en colimaçon -  1 canapé convertible dans le salon Metro 2 ( Blanche ) 12 ( Pigalle ) et 13 ( Place de Clichy ) Bus 74 direct Hotel de Ville / Marais Bus 68 direct rive gauche Je serais ravie de conseiller les voyageurs selon leurs envies et de mettre à disposition un guide de bonnes adresse
5622	'La Parisienne', on the fourth floor with a lift, is a one-bedroom 42 square meter apartment designed by an Italian architect with the décor chosen by one of Australia's top interior designer. There is a market and metro stop a stone's throw from the apartment with three metro stations and lines within five minutes walk. Right in the heart of the art district of Paris. Apartments overlooking parks are rare in Paris and the window above this one lets in loads of sun all year round. You can just see the top of the Eiffel Tower lit up on the hour at night and, if you lean out the window, Sacre Coeur is just up the hill. There is a fresh gourmet food market alongside the park on Fridays. Although located in the 9th, the apartment borders the 18th and is just a short walk away from the artistic heart of Paris, Montmartre, with it's fabulous designer clothes and jewellery shops. Moulin Rouge and the theatre district of Pigalle is one metro stop or five minutes walk away. There is also an ope	'La Parisienne', on the fourth floor with a lift, is a one-bedroom 42 square meter apartment designed by an Italian architect with the décor chosen by one of Australia's top interior designer. There is a market and metro stop a stone's throw from the apartment with three metro stations and lines within five minutes walk. Right in the heart of the art district of Paris. Apartments overlooking parks are rare in Paris and the window above this one lets in loads of sun all year round. You can just see the top of the Eiffel Tower lit up on the hour at night and, if you lean out the window, Sacre Coeur is just up the hill. There is a fresh gourmet food market alongside the park on Fridays. Although located in the 9th, the apartment borders the 18th and is just a short walk away from the artistic heart of Paris, Montmartre, with it's fabulous designer clothes and jewellery shops. Moulin Rouge and the theatre district of Pigalle is one metro stop or five minutes walk away. There is also an ope
5623	Minimum stay is normally 4 nights, however if you wish to stay for 2-3 nights, please get in contact for rates.  Beautiful modern studio (129 ft²) on the first floor of a traditional parisian style building, perfectly accommodates 2 people, features cook-top,  microwave, d/w, fridge, hair-dryer, free wifi, TV...   Walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge and Opera. Newly renovated with all amenities for 2 people, in the center of Paris.  Located in a traditional Parisian building. Perfect to visit Paris! WiFi, HD TV, quiet area. All sheets, towels and supplies for cooking are included. Check in at 2 PM Check out 10 AM Dynamic and safe area, walking distance to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur), Opera and Galleries Lafayette. By subway, 15 min to the Louvre, Chatelet, Tour St Jacques, Sainte Chapelle, Notre Dame, Champs Elysees, Stade de France...  Ideal location: close to the subway and the bus. Restaurants, very convenient supermarket across the street, pharmacy, theater....	Gorgeous studio apartment (11m²) 5 minutes from Gare du Nord. Situated on the first floor, easy for travellers with heavy bags. Magnifique studio (11m²) à 5 minutes de Gare du Nord et situé au premier étage, ce qui facilite la montée des bagages. Minimum stay is normally 4 nights, however if you wish to stay for 2-3 nights, please get in contact for rates.  Beautiful modern studio (129 ft²) on the first floor of a traditional parisian style building, perfectly accommodates 2 people, features cook-top,  microwave, d/w, fridge, hair-dryer, free wifi, TV...   Walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge and Opera. Newly renovated with all amenities for 2 people, in the center of Paris.  Located in a traditional Parisian building. Perfect to visit Paris! WiFi, HD TV, quiet area. All sheets, towels and supplies for cooking are included. Check in at 2 PM Check out 10 AM Dynamic and safe area, walking distance to Montmartre (Sacre Coeur), Opera and Galleries Lafayette. By subway, 15 min to th
5624	The studio is on the fourth floor of a charming building, and is decorated with simplicity and taste, aimed to make each guest feel at home.	A luminous small studio apartment in the center of Paris, fully furnished, and only a few minutes walk from the rue des Martyrs. Situated within the walls of an old convent, with a beautiful communal courtyard garden. The studio is on the fourth floor of a charming building, and is decorated with simplicity and taste, aimed to make each guest feel at home. The cloister of the convent has been transformed into a communal garden courtyard, equipped with chairs and tables where you can enjoy your morning coffee or a cold glass of rose on a hot summers day. Unfortunately I will not be in Paris during the summer to greet my guests, however there are maps of paris and metro maps in the apartment. Close to tourist landmarks of bohemian Paris ( Montmartre, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge, Le Chat Noir...) while still retaining an authentic atmosphere. There are convenience shops nearby, ( rue des Martyrs and rue Rodier) as well as many cafes with outdoor areas on Avenue Trudaine for instance. On the 
5625	Studio avec 3 mètres sous plafond et poutres apparentes. Ravissante copropriété de standing et bien tenue.	Charming studio with lumineux et haut de plafond. Profitez de ce pied à terre pour 2 personnes idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, proche des grands magasins, du marais et de Montmartre.  Parfait point de départ pour les balades.
5626	"Totally independant! Like an hotel room in Paris. Ideal for long term stay since you can cook, wash up your clothe and it is very quiet. 29m² studio in central Paris, metro Trinité d'Etienne d'Orves (12) or St Lazare (phone number hidden) and RER E). It is just near Opera, Montmartre, the Galleries Lafayette and Printemps.  Ideal for a couple visiting Paris, this studio has view and a balcony over Paris, and giving on a garden is extremely quiet. With a top of the range convertible sofa, it turns from a nice living area where you can relax, into a great ""hotel room"" (flat screen TV, DVD player).  Its small separate kitchen fully equipped including washing machine, oven, fridge, coffee machine,... It has also of course, a separate bathroom with shower and toilet.  The whole place has been recently refurbished and is really comfortable. You will really enjoy it! Edouard"	"29m² in the 9th - super central and great view over Paris.  Ideal to walk around Paris and well connected by public transport.  My last 2 tenants ended up staying 2 years and 1 year... that is why I have only 1 Airbnb reference from 3 years ago ;-) Totally independant! Like an hotel room in Paris. Ideal for long term stay since you can cook, wash up your clothe and it is very quiet. 29m² studio in central Paris, metro Trinité d'Etienne d'Orves (12) or St Lazare (phone number hidden) and RER E). It is just near Opera, Montmartre, the Galleries Lafayette and Printemps.  Ideal for a couple visiting Paris, this studio has view and a balcony over Paris, and giving on a garden is extremely quiet. With a top of the range convertible sofa, it turns from a nice living area where you can relax, into a great ""hotel room"" (flat screen TV, DVD player).  Its small separate kitchen fully equipped including washing machine, oven, fridge, coffee machine,... It has also of course, a separate bathroom wi"
5627	This is unique to have such a quiet appartment in central Paris and near so much famous and living places such as Pigalle, Drouot, Montmartre, Lafayette...	Very nice apartment in the center of Paris, near lots of famous places, 3min walk from Rue des Martyrs, 15min walk from Montmartre and from the Galerie Lafayette /Opéra. But also very quiet because it's in a courtyard and with luminosity (3rd floor).
5628	Charmante Maisonnette, lumineuse , très propre  idéale pour un couple (plus deux) voulant visiter Paris. Située dans le 09 eme arrondissement au pied du Sacre Cœur.  Linge disponible : serviettes et draps .  	Charmante Maisonnette, lumineuse , très propre  idéale pour un couple (plus deux) voulant visiter Paris. Située dans le 09 eme arrondissement au pied du Sacre Cœur.  Linge disponible : serviettes et draps .   Vous pourrez profiter de notre charmante petite cour pour manger ou prendre un verre .  N'hésitez pas à nous demander notre avis pour vos sorties à Paris, nous restons à votre disposition pour vous aider à découvrir la capitale. Quartier central et très commerçant poissonnier , fromager, boucher, caviste,boulangerie, supermarché en face de chez nous  ...  A dix minutes du sacré cœur , Pigalle ( moulin rouge ) de l’opéra , galeries Lafayete , gare de l'est , gare du nord (château de chantilly) , gare saint Lazare (château de Versailles) . Le 9 éme arrondissement est un quartier très vivant et très agréable . A une minute du métro notre dame de lorette ligne 12, a 10 minutes du métro Pigalle , a 5 minutes du métro cadet ligne 7  (gare de l'est  ) . 15 minutes de la gare du nord .  E
5629		My 25sqm flat is located in a nice, safe, central area. Very easy to move in Paris from there: metro lines 7,8,9 and 12 less than 5min from here. Many good restaurants and supermarkets (open up to midnight) around.  15min by walk from the Louvre (south), same to Montmartre (north).
5630	"Welcome to this charming little nest in the heart of the 9th arrondissement Paris.Situé in the 6th floor without central ascenseur.Très a few minutes walk from the Opera Garnier and the Grands Boulevards where are the Parisian Department Stores ""Galeries Lafayette"", ""spring Hausseman ""... 10m2 renovated housing. You get a great view over the rooftops of Paris. Studio equipped with a shower, sink, microwave, dish, covered, coffee, toilet outside. All studettes are a clean. Nearest metro station is Notre Dame de Lorette or Cadet. Both are on line 12 : easy access to Concorde, Madeleine, Gare Montparnasse. You are near the Gare du Nord, so it's easy for you to come from the Eurostar. This studio is equipped with a microwave, to warm (kettle, dishes, pot and stove), shower and toilet outside. All studettes are immaculate. This studio is equipped with a microwave, to warm (kettle, dishes, pot and stove), shower and toilet outside. All studettes are immaculate. Registration / Check-out Check"	"Welcome to this charming little nest in the heart of the 9th arrondissement Paris.Situé in the 6th floor without central ascenseur.Très a few minutes walk from the Opera Garnier and the Grands Boulevards where are the Parisian Department Stores ""Galeries Lafayette"", ""spring Hausseman ""... 10m2 renovated housing. You get a great view over the rooftops of Paris. Studio equipped with a shower, sink, microwave, dish, covered, coffee, toilet outside. All studettes are a clean. Nearest metro station is Notre Dame de Lorette or Cadet. Both are on line 12 : easy access to Concorde, Madeleine, Gare Montparnasse. You are near the Gare du Nord, so it's easy for you to come from the Eurostar. This studio is equipped with a microwave, to warm (kettle, dishes, pot and stove), shower and toilet outside. All studettes are immaculate. This studio is equipped with a microwave, to warm (kettle, dishes, pot and stove), shower and toilet outside. All studettes are immaculate. Registration / Check-out Check"
5631	The apartment is very calm, all windows are facing a courtyard so there is absolutely no noise from the streets. The apartment has one quality double bed in the bedroom. Fully equipped kitchen including oven, induction cooking plate, pots, pans, silverware and washing machine. The apartment is suited with WiFi.	We are looking for cats lovers willing to spend they're holidays with our lovely Izzy. She is 2 years old very soft and quiet. She plays on her own and sleeps a lot. She is not agressive at all and likes to sleep in boxes. And she is beautiful! The apartment is very calm, all windows are facing a courtyard so there is absolutely no noise from the streets. The apartment has one quality double bed in the bedroom. Fully equipped kitchen including oven, induction cooking plate, pots, pans, silverware and washing machine. The apartment is suited with WiFi. The apartment is on the third floor and does not have an elevator. We do the check-in at the apartment, we live in the area and will be able to advise you on many things to do. The Sacre Coeur is about 5-10 minutes to walk, it's also possible to take the Montmartre bus from Pigale, which can take you right in front of the Sacre Coeur. Metro and bus stations are only a few minutes away!
5632	Vous disposerez d'un grand espace, comprenant une chambre avec un vrai lit et un canapé lit confortable, une grande cuisine, une salle de bains, une buanderie avec machine à laver et sèche linge. Des toilettes à chaque étage et une grande douche à l'italienne. Une décoration vintage dans un lieu qui a tout le charme d'une maison  à proximité de nombreuses attractions comme le Sacré Coeur, le Moulin Rouge et les rues de Pigalle, sans prendre de transports.	Un appartement de 80 m2 sur deux étages au charme typiquement parisien,aux murs de pierres apparentes et entièrement équipé pour un séjour parisien aux pieds de Montmartre, célèbre quartier historique pour ses peintres et son ambiance village unique. Vous disposerez d'un grand espace, comprenant une chambre avec un vrai lit et un canapé lit confortable, une grande cuisine, une salle de bains, une buanderie avec machine à laver et sèche linge. Des toilettes à chaque étage et une grande douche à l'italienne. Une décoration vintage dans un lieu qui a tout le charme d'une maison  à proximité de nombreuses attractions comme le Sacré Coeur, le Moulin Rouge et les rues de Pigalle, sans prendre de transports. A proximité des principaux centres de transport comme la Gare du Nord (à seulement 750 mètres), Gare de l'Est, les lignes de métro 2 et 4, et de stations  Vélib (service de vélo-location publique de la ville de Paris). De là, vous êtes juste très proches de la plupart des musées, des cath
5633	You will appreciate the relaxing atmosphere that emerges from this place as soon as you cross the courtyard. Renovated in 2014, this 70 sqm apartment can comfortably accommodate four people. It has a separate bedroom with a queen size bed 160x200, a desk and a large wardrobe with hanging and shelving . A second closet is in the hall. The other two living rooms overlook the courtyard. They both have access from the hallway. The double glazing windows isolate you from any external noise, but if open them you will love the quiet surroundings ! You can dine in the first lounge / dining room since it has a modular table for four and you can enjoy the sitting area with armchairs, coffee tables and TV with cable channels. The second living room has a convertible sofa with a double bed 140x200 and music lovers will surely appreciate, a tuned piano. The sliding room devised will allow you to adjust the space according to your needs : you can make this room a full-fledged bedroom by closing the 	We love this 3-room 70 sqm apartment for 4 people, can be used as a 1-bedroom with a double living-room, or as a 2-bedroom with one dining/living-room. So relaxing, so quiet, with birdsongs to greet you every morning ! You will appreciate the relaxing atmosphere that emerges from this place as soon as you cross the courtyard. Renovated in 2014, this 70 sqm apartment can comfortably accommodate four people. It has a separate bedroom with a queen size bed 160x200, a desk and a large wardrobe with hanging and shelving . A second closet is in the hall. The other two living rooms overlook the courtyard. They both have access from the hallway. The double glazing windows isolate you from any external noise, but if open them you will love the quiet surroundings ! You can dine in the first lounge / dining room since it has a modular table for four and you can enjoy the sitting area with armchairs, coffee tables and TV with cable channels. The second living room has a convertible sofa with a dou
5634	The apartment is on the 4th Floor (no elevator).  Is has a living-room, a dining-room, a separate bedroom, and a fully equiped kitchen.  Living-room: easily convertible couch (120*190), LCD TV (32”), Wifi access, library, Bose speaker Dining-room: Large table for 6/8 people Kitchen: washing machine, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, tea, coffee and basic condiments (salt, pepper, sugar, olive oil vinegar) Bedroom: Queen-size bed (140*190), dressing, ironing board, iron, heater and fan. Bathroom: bathtub/shower, water closet (toilet paper provided and also towels).	"A very charming place in Paris, in a Haussmannian & vintage parisian design. 4  floor (no elevator), in a pretty private building. The large bedroom has a queen size bed. the living room includes a large sofa bed (can be opened up  Subway:  L.12: Notre Dame de Lorette and 5min walk L.8/ L.9: Richelieu Drouot and 10min walk L.7: Cadet and 4min walk Bus: L(phone number hidden): Stop at ""Chateaudun-Lamartine"""
5635	"Luxurious Haussmann apartment of 72 m2 in the heart of Paris, in the 9th district. We are located at: 5 minutes walk from the Boulevard Haussmann (Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) 15 minutes walk from Montmartre / Sacre Coeur 5 minutes by bike from Saint Martin Canal 5 minutes by bike to the Louvre 5 minutes by bike from Beaubourg- Centre Georges Pompidou. Very light (East and West sun exposition) and quiet, the apartment has parquet ""point de Hongrie"" in all rooms, molded ceilings and a working fireplace. It is a 4 rooms flat: - 1 living room with fireplace - 1 living room overlooking the balcony - 1 bedroom on the courtyard - 1 office overlooking the balcony It also has 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower, 1 hall and 1 dressing. The balcony of 6m2 has a table and 2 chairs, a barbecue, some plants & a vegetable garden. The apartment was completely renovated in April 2015, with hugh quality materials and  furniture (king size bed, Le Corbusier chair, Cremer projector, etc). It inclu"	"Luxurious ""Haussmanien"" flat of 72m2 located in the heart of the 9th district. Quiet and bright, completely renovated in 2015, parquet ""point de Hongrie"" moldings & fireplace, you will be charmed by its long balcony overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Luxurious Haussmann apartment of 72 m2 in the heart of Paris, in the 9th district. We are located at: 5 minutes walk from the Boulevard Haussmann (Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) 15 minutes walk from Montmartre / Sacre Coeur 5 minutes by bike from Saint Martin Canal 5 minutes by bike to the Louvre 5 minutes by bike from Beaubourg- Centre Georges Pompidou. Very light (East and West sun exposition) and quiet, the apartment has parquet ""point de Hongrie"" in all rooms, molded ceilings and a working fireplace. It is a 4 rooms flat: - 1 living room with fireplace - 1 living room overlooking the balcony - 1 bedroom on the courtyard - 1 office overlooking the balcony It also has 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom with shower, 1 hall and 1 dressing. The b"
5636	Nice room in apartment 65 m2. In a quiet courtyard in a former old relay of Post from the 19th century.   The apartment is ideally located near the Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) 10 minute walk, and Opera, 15 minutes walk.  Close to all transportation.  Subways: Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) Anvers (L2) or Cadet (L7) Bus: (phone number hidden) mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar)  The neighborhood is lively shopping area with many restaurants.   The room is 13m2 and is equipped with a TV. Bed 140x190.  Linen and towels provided. Internet, wifi.  Bathroom and living room are shared. For breakfast tea, coffee and jam are at will. I am sorry, but I am too much disturbed by the cigarette, so all the apparment is a no smoker area. As regards reservations too far in the time, more than 1 month, I have a little of evil to have visibility. If you want more days and you see that my calendar is not free, you can contact me anyway, maybe it can be fixed. I am the only occupant of the apartment. Caring an	Breakfast included Nice room in apartment 65 m2. In a quiet courtyard in a former old relay of Post from the 19th century.   The apartment is ideally located near the Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) 10 minute walk, and Opera, 15 minutes walk.  Close to all transportation.  Subways: Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) Anvers (L2) or Cadet (L7) Bus: (phone number hidden) mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar)  The neighborhood is lively shopping area with many restaurants.   The room is 13m2 and is equipped with a TV. Bed 140x190.  Linen and towels provided. Internet, wifi.  Bathroom and living room are shared. For breakfast tea, coffee and jam are at will. I am sorry, but I am too much disturbed by the cigarette, so all the apparment is a no smoker area. As regards reservations too far in the time, more than 1 month, I have a little of evil to have visibility. If you want more days and you see that my calendar is not free, you can contact me anyway, maybe it can be fixed. I am the only occupant of the a
5637	I rent, in the heart of Paris on the 5th floor of a charming duplex of 200 m2, a room with a balcony, cable TV, double bed or two twin beds (your choice). The street is quiet in a busy area, close to the Grands Boulevards, numerous cinemas, theaters, restaurants, pubs. All less than 10 minutes from the Opera Garnier. Guests can share the common areas of the house, chat with us (when we're not in the countryside) or remain quiet and perfectly independent. The area offers a wide choice of restaurants, a very nice cafe downstairs , the Folies Bergere (one of the most famous theater in the Paris of the 30s) at the end of the street. For shoppers, we are very close to the Grands Boulevards, galleries lafayette, Printemps,  covered passages of Paris, the Musee Grevin ... non-exhaustive list. We are located between two metro stations, 3 minutes each from home. And numerous bus lines. You can go to the Gare du Nord walk 1/4 of an hour. At home, you will feel at ease ! in winter a cozy fireplac	I rent, in the heart of Paris on the 5th floor of a charming duplex of 200 m2, a room with a balcony, cable TV, double bed or two twin beds (your choice). We have 2 more rooms to rent if you are more than 2 people. Don't hesitate to ask ! I rent, in the heart of Paris on the 5th floor of a charming duplex of 200 m2, a room with a balcony, cable TV, double bed or two twin beds (your choice). The street is quiet in a busy area, close to the Grands Boulevards, numerous cinemas, theaters, restaurants, pubs. All less than 10 minutes from the Opera Garnier. Guests can share the common areas of the house, chat with us (when we're not in the countryside) or remain quiet and perfectly independent. The area offers a wide choice of restaurants, a very nice cafe downstairs , the Folies Bergere (one of the most famous theater in the Paris of the 30s) at the end of the street. For shoppers, we are very close to the Grands Boulevards, galleries lafayette, Printemps,  covered passages of Paris, the Mu
5638	"Charming studio full comfort, luminous, having kept the charm of its apparent structure, you will be at the same time in a place soft and calm while benefiting from the one of the most animated districts of Paris. Difficult to better do to discover the French capital and to pass an unforgettable stay in a typically Parisian romantic environment! The flat is located in one of the most animated districts of Paris, the district known as of the ""grand boulevards"" is since the nineteenth century the district which made the reputation of the City of Light, district of the theaters, the department stores and the roofed passageways that occupy many antique dealers and of shops of charm. As regards the small bars, restaurants and small shops typically Parisian, you will have only the embarrassment of the choice.  We will be really happy to receive you in for your trip in Paris. Technical informations: we provide the towel and the linen. We can also provide a baby bed."	"Charming studio full comfort, luminous, having kept the charm of its apparent structure, you will be at the same time in a place soft and calm while benefiting from the one of the most animated districts of Paris. Difficult to better do to discover the French capital and to pass an unforgettable stay in a typically Parisian romantic environment! The flat is located in one of the most animated districts of Paris, the district known as of the ""grand boulevards"" is since the nineteenth century the district which made the reputation of the City of Light, district of the theaters, the department stores and the roofed passageways that occupy many antique dealers and of shops of charm. As regards the small bars, restaurants and small shops typically Parisian, you will have only the embarrassment of the choice.  We will be really happy to receive you in for your trip in Paris. Technical informations: we provide the towel and the linen. We can also provide a baby bed."
5639	Located on a small typically Parisian square, this apartment is ideal for a couple who wants to take advantage of the life of the district Martyred (scoops, bakeries, butcher's shops, cheese dairies), of the night-life of Pigalle, Blanche (numerous clubs, nightclubs, Moulin Rouge) as well as Paris postcard (10 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, Opera). To move in the city you have several subway lines (12, 2, 7) and buses (phone number hidden)) less than 5 minutes walk from home, as well as a Vélib' station ( bike rental) right on the square. it will allows you to go evrywhere you want in Paris very quickly. After a day or a night outside, you will be delighted to rest in the apartment located on a courtyard, shielded from the noises of the street. Very quiet and bright, it has the charm of the Parisian apartments with parquet and decorate with mouldings. its succession of rounded off and irregular rooms will give you the sensation to be in a real cocoon. In brief beautiful holidays in per	Located on a small typically Parisian square, this apartment is ideal for a couple who wants to take advantage of the life of the district Martyred (scoops, bakeries, butcher's shops, cheese dairies), of the night-life of Pigalle, Blanche (numerous clubs, nightclubs, Moulin Rouge) as well as Paris postcard (10 minutes walk from Sacré Coeur, Opera). To move in the city you have several subway lines (12, 2, 7) and buses (phone number hidden)) less than 5 minutes walk from home, as well as a Vélib' station ( bike rental) right on the square. it will allows you to go evrywhere you want in Paris very quickly. After a day or a night outside, you will be delighted to rest in the apartment located on a courtyard, shielded from the noises of the street. Very quiet and bright, it has the charm of the Parisian apartments with parquet and decorate with mouldings. its succession of rounded off and irregular rooms will give you the sensation to be in a real cocoon. In brief beautiful holidays in per
5640	Located in the very heart of the 9th District, we do welcome you in  a comfortable studio mixing up the ancient and modern styles . Easily accessible through the courtyard of  a stone Parisian building ,  the studio is composed of:  one mezzanine bedroom, one  living room,  one opened kitchen and one  bathroom with shower and  toilets. Whatever  you are looking for a business or leisure stay, reserve and start living your Parisian adventure.   The apartment is equipped with individual electric heaters, coffee machine, boiler, free Wi-Fi access and cable TV. The rate is per night and includes the continental breakfast (with fresh croissants every day).   We are looking forward to your visit!  	Located in the very heart of the 9th District, we do welcome you in  a comfortable studio mixing up the ancient and modern styles . Easily accessible through the courtyard of  a stone Parisian building ,  the studio is composed of:  one mezzanine bed Located in the very heart of the 9th District, we do welcome you in  a comfortable studio mixing up the ancient and modern styles . Easily accessible through the courtyard of  a stone Parisian building ,  the studio is composed of:  one mezzanine bedroom, one  living room,  one opened kitchen and one  bathroom with shower and  toilets. Whatever  you are looking for a business or leisure stay, reserve and start living your Parisian adventure.   The apartment is equipped with individual electric heaters, coffee machine, boiler, free Wi-Fi access and cable TV. The rate is per night and includes the continental breakfast (with fresh croissants every day).   We are looking forward to your visit!   Washing machine Hair dryer Tv WIFI Full bath se
5641	This charming two rooms typically Parisian of 44 m2 is quiet and warm. it possesses the comfort of the modern equipments (Oven and micro-waves, stick induction, refrigerator, TV, internet)  Situated in the 3rd floor without elevator, the sun penetrates into the lounge and he will allow you to rest in complete peace.	4 people cans stay there. Alive and tourist district enters the Red Mill and Montmartre. In 2 step of the street of the martyrs with his restaurants and shops, 10 mn from Grands Boulevard and Parisian theaters. This charming two rooms typically Parisian of 44 m2 is quiet and warm. it possesses the comfort of the modern equipments (Oven and micro-waves, stick induction, refrigerator, TV, internet)  Situated in the 3rd floor without elevator, the sun penetrates into the lounge and he will allow you to rest in complete peace. The lounge decorated in a sober way in the middle of which a marble fireplace will catch your attention. The comfortable and convertible sofa with TV-INTERNET / WiFi...  - a practical and functional kitchen for the lovers of the cooking (Oven and microphone wave, stick induction, kitchen utensils, barkeeper(coffeepot), electric kettle) in which you can cook, breakfast, lunch, dinner according to your desires(envies).  - a pleasant room  having a big bed, two wide clo
5642		Extra bed possible presence of a cat (very calm)
5643	50 SQMT (m2) LOFT Amazing, confortable and wide living space with GLASS CEILINGS, full of natural light.  It was fully renewed by architects and interior designers. OPEN KITCHEN & BAR Fully equipped (+dishwasher). UPSTAIRS BEDROOM (2 sleeps) Queen size bed, brand new bed sheets. Ideal for couples. LARGE BATHROOM Large confortable bathtub. Washing (website hidden) + CABLE + DVD player MUSIC SOUND SYSTEM SAINT GEORGES - MARTYRS AREA The Loft is located at the heart of Paris top locations : walking distance to Opéra, Pigalle, Montmartre... METRO Saint Georges (Line 12) Pigalle (Line 2) Cadet (Line 7) Notre Dames de Lorette (Line 12)	Paris SAINT GEORGES / Martyrs 50 sqmt Exceptional Artist LOFT with GLASS CEILINGS, Full of SUN ! 1 DUPLEX bedroom (2 sleeps) Heart of Paris TOP locations: Saint Georges, rue des Martyrs, Montmartre, Sacré-Cœur, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Opéra, Louvre 50 SQMT (m2) LOFT Amazing, confortable and wide living space with GLASS CEILINGS, full of natural light.  It was fully renewed by architects and interior designers. OPEN KITCHEN & BAR Fully equipped (+dishwasher). UPSTAIRS BEDROOM (2 sleeps) Queen size bed, brand new bed sheets. Ideal for couples. LARGE BATHROOM Large confortable bathtub. Washing (website hidden) + CABLE + DVD player MUSIC SOUND SYSTEM SAINT GEORGES - MARTYRS AREA The Loft is located at the heart of Paris top locations : walking distance to Opéra, Pigalle, Montmartre... METRO Saint Georges (Line 12) Pigalle (Line 2) Cadet (Line 7) Notre Dames de Lorette (Line 12) Full access to property. Available at anytime. I'd be happy to share my favorite addresses with the guests. One of
5644	"My flat is located at the heart of Paris 9th area, 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, 10 min walk from rue Lepic and place des Abbesses , in a typical Parisian building. It is 45sq2, on the second floor and has one bedroom. It has fully comfort: washing machine, internet access, hairdryer, kettle, coffee maker, etc! There are lots of good bars, restaurants and food shops around. The famous "" rue des martyrs "" and its week end markets is at 2 min walks. I always leave a whole list of places-to-go to my guests! Close to metro lines 2 (Anvers), 7 (Cadet), This makes my flat a very well connected spot to travel accross Paris. Do not hesitate to email me if you need more Details! Sylvain"	"45 sq2 studio, 2nd floor at the heart of the 9th area, 100 m from Montmartre's top, the "" rue des martyrs"", les galleries lafayettes, the opera... Ideal for a Paris discovery week end. My flat is located at the heart of Paris 9th area, 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, 10 min walk from rue Lepic and place des Abbesses , in a typical Parisian building. It is 45sq2, on the second floor and has one bedroom. It has fully comfort: washing machine, internet access, hairdryer, kettle, coffee maker, etc! There are lots of good bars, restaurants and food shops around. The famous "" rue des martyrs "" and its week end markets is at 2 min walks. I always leave a whole list of places-to-go to my guests! Close to metro lines 2 (Anvers), 7 (Cadet), This makes my flat a very well connected spot to travel accross Paris. Do not hesitate to email me if you need more Details! Sylvain No in house smoking please. I'll be very happy tio share my good plans around the flat. B"
5645	Il se situ aux pieds de Montmartre et non loin du Moulin Rouge Toutes commodités, la poste, supermarchés 	Il se situ aux pieds de Montmartre et non loin du Moulin Rouge Toutes commodités, la poste, supermarchés  un portail une cour Par mail, téléphone Très varié, et très touristique Bus, 54,30... Métro, 2,12,13
5646	Terrace Appartment Downtown in the center of Paris Short Term Rental in Montorgueil Street . Very elegant flat in Paris. Recently reformed. On the first floor. This vacation rental of 60 sqm is comprised of one bedroom. The living room has one double sofa bed. The kitchen is well equipped with dish washer and vitrocemaric stove. There is a bathroom and a toilet. The apartment is situated in a neighborhood appreciated by the local Parisians and close to a number of monuments. There is all the modern equipment : Internet High speed Wifi, fat screen Lcd TV, DVD player.  This apartment is fully equipped with : stove, oven , dishwasher, terrace (25 sqm). A terrace in the center of Paris is really a very special advantage and a must! And a new vegetal wall just appear in the front of the terrace. The appartment is located on the first floor. La rue Montorgueil  This charming flat is in a small street and is ideal thanks to its situation: in the heart of Paris, in the district of Montorgueil 	Really nice flat in the front of a big vegetal wall. A terrace just for you it's really rare in Paris :) Terrace Appartment Downtown in the center of Paris Short Term Rental in Montorgueil Street . Very elegant flat in Paris. Recently reformed. On the first floor. This vacation rental of 60 sqm is comprised of one bedroom. The living room has one double sofa bed. The kitchen is well equipped with dish washer and vitrocemaric stove. There is a bathroom and a toilet. The apartment is situated in a neighborhood appreciated by the local Parisians and close to a number of monuments. There is all the modern equipment : Internet High speed Wifi, fat screen Lcd TV, DVD player.  This apartment is fully equipped with : stove, oven , dishwasher, terrace (25 sqm). A terrace in the center of Paris is really a very special advantage and a must! And a new vegetal wall just appear in the front of the terrace. The appartment is located on the first floor. La rue Montorgueil  This charming flat is in a 
5647	Perfectly located in the lively area of South Pigalle, the appartment is composed with two bedrooms with double beds, a linving room, a kitchen and a bathroom. From the appartment, you can see the Moulin Rouge. You can easily reach every parts of Paris thanks to the 3 Metro Lines that are very closed: Line 2 Blanche, Line 12 Pigalle and Line 13 Place de Clichy	Perfectly located in the The appartment is composed with two bedrooms
5648	Situé dans un quartier très touristique à deux pas de grands magasins (Lafayette, Printemps ...) et à proximité de l'Opéra de Paris. Le Moulin rouge n'est pas loin.  	Situé dans un quartier très touristique à deux pas de grands magasins (Lafayette, Printemps ...) et à proximité de l'Opéra de Paris. Le Moulin rouge n'est pas loin.   Très animé et magnifique avec les décorations des grands magasins en période de fêtes de fin d'année.  RER A : station Auber. RER E - Haussman Saint Lazare. Métro : Ligne 7 - Chaussée d'Antin ...
5649	Appartement 2 pièces, avec très grand séjour lumineux, un grand canapé  convertible permettant le couchage de 2 personnes en plus de la chambre (total 4).  Au 5 ème étage (sans ascenseur) : vue sur les toîts de Paris.	Calme et lumineux deux pièces, idéalement situé dans le vibrant quartier de South Pigalle, près de Montmartre, de la rue des Martyrs et des Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), en plein coeur de Paris ! Appartement 2 pièces, avec très grand séjour lumineux, un grand canapé  convertible permettant le couchage de 2 personnes en plus de la chambre (total 4).  Au 5 ème étage (sans ascenseur) : vue sur les toîts de Paris. Hormis le dressing, vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement (52m²). Nous restons à votre écoute pour toute question pendant votre séjour! Le 9ème arrondissement est un des plus vivant de Paris. SItué en son coeur, il abrite de nombreuses rues et commerces de renom.  Depuis la rue Rodier, de nombreuses activités possibles à pied (!) : - visites : Montmartre, Musée de la vie Romantique (avec un adorable square), Musée Grevin - loisirs : cinémas (opéra, grands boulevards), théâtres (Olympia, Casino de Paris, etc.), bars, cafés et discothèques (Bus Palladium, Dandy, 
5650	The studio is 14 m2 on the 5th floor with elevator. A large window brings in a lot of natural light.	    Welcome to my chic Parisian Studio, simple yet charming, located in the very center of Paris, walking distance to Opera & Galeries Lafayette. It offers all amenities a traveller need for a nice and comfortable living. 5th floor ( lift ). Near metro    The studio is 14 m2 on the 5th floor with elevator. A large window brings in a lot of natural light. The studio is located between 2 metro stations : CADET  ( line 7 ) & GRANDS BOULEVARDS ( line 8& 9 )
5651	Le studio est idéalement situé à 150 mètres de l'opéra Garnier et à 50 mètres des grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann. Sa situation permet de visiter les sites incontournables à pied comme le musée du Louvre, Les Tuileries, Montmartre, La Madeleine qui sont à 15 minutes.	Le studio de 11 m² est situé au 2ème étage sans ascenseur et donne sur une cour intérieure calme. Il dispose d'un vrai lit, d'une cuisinette avec frigo, évier, four à micro-ondes et d'une salle de bain avec une douche, toilettes et  vasque Le studio est idéalement situé à 150 mètres de l'opéra Garnier et à 50 mètres des grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann. Sa situation permet de visiter les sites incontournables à pied comme le musée du Louvre, Les Tuileries, Montmartre, La Madeleine qui sont à 15 minutes. Animé et touristique. Les Grands boulevards, avec une multitude de restaurants, de café et de théâtre, sont juste à côté Au métro Chaussée d'antin (50 mètres) vous trouverez les lignes lignes 9 et 7. A la station Opéra (150 mètres) vous trouverez les lignes 3 et 8 De nombreuses lignes de bus desservent aussi Opéra Le RER A et Roissy Bus sont à 10 minutes à pied.
5652	Charming Parisian flat in central Paris (9th arrondissement) for up to 2 guests. It is based in a very hip place, between Montmartre, rue des Martyrs & rue de Paradis. The flat is located on the 2nd floor of a Veugny style building (19th century) classified as a protected monument: La Cité Napoléon. It has three south-facing windows (lots of light) on a beautiful courtyard which is very calm so no worries about noise for smooth Parisian night dreams. The flat has: - 1 room with a high quality bed (2 persons) - 1 kitchen with essential cooking equipments - 1 bathroom (shower, toilet, sink, towels, soap) - A very high-speed WiFi (1Gb/s optic fiber) Location and Transport: - 4 métro lines near the flat (5-minute walk) - 5-minute walk to Montmartre/Sacré Coeur, rue des Martyrs, rue St-Georges - 10-minute walk to Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, RER from Parisian airports), Moulin-Rouge - 15-minute walk to Grands Boulevards, Gare de l’Est - 20-minute walk to Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Gare S	Welcome in my flat: - Well balanced space, - Very luminous and very calm, - Great view on a beautiful courtyard, - Near restaurants, bars & shops, - Based in the center of Paris, - Near Sacré Coeur (5min) & subway (3min). Trusted homeowner. Charming Parisian flat in central Paris (9th arrondissement) for up to 2 guests. It is based in a very hip place, between Montmartre, rue des Martyrs & rue de Paradis. The flat is located on the 2nd floor of a Veugny style building (19th century) classified as a protected monument: La Cité Napoléon. It has three south-facing windows (lots of light) on a beautiful courtyard which is very calm so no worries about noise for smooth Parisian night dreams. The flat has: - 1 room with a high quality bed (2 persons) - 1 kitchen with essential cooking equipments - 1 bathroom (shower, toilet, sink, towels, soap) - A very high-speed WiFi (1Gb/s optic fiber) Location and Transport: - 4 métro lines near the flat (5-minute walk) - 5-minute walk to Montmartre/Sacr
5653	Ideally located in the 9th area, close to supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops & subway…Galeries Lafayettes and Opera Garnier are close. (5minutes walked)  	A renovated 17 sqm renovated room like a studio flat, quiet and sunny ideally located to visit Paris.   Ideally located in the 9th area, close to supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops & subway…Galeries Lafayettes and Opera Garnier are close. (5minutes walked)  You will have the private acces to the room on the 5th floor (with lift) Please be advised that private toilets are on the same floor but not in the room. Bed linen and towels are provided  I am at your disposal as I live in the same place. I speak English and italian. No window overlooking the street which makes it quiet inside even outside it's a very animated area. A 5 minutes walk from the Gare St Lazare  Ideal for travel by subway in Paris (L12 just at 20 meter)  Many bus lines nearby. 40 minutes by RER A from CDG airport. 
5654	My flat is sunny and spacious, 100m2, top floor with an elevator and a balcony facing south. It's a duplex with large daytime space on the 5th floor and two bedrooms and a large bathroom upstairs. It's located on a quiet small street, very near to some of the most dynamic areas in the neighborhood.	Private room, top floor in a sunny and spacious duplex located in SoPi (South Pigalle), one of the most trendy & dynamic area in Paris. Quiet little street close to all sigthseeing, cultural & shopping activities. Very well deserved. My flat is sunny and spacious, 100m2, top floor with an elevator and a balcony facing south. It's a duplex with large daytime space on the 5th floor and two bedrooms and a large bathroom upstairs. It's located on a quiet small street, very near to some of the most dynamic areas in the neighborhood. Except for the private room, the bathroom is a shared one. You can enjoy the balcony for a drink in the sun or smoking. You'll also can use the fridge to stock your food to go and use the kitchen for cold or hot drinks. You can enjoy the living room during the day. You can use the washing machine, You'll have reliable Wifi, and can use the phone if you need to make landlines calls only.  The room is perfect for one person and can easily fit for 2 people. The bed
5655	You will stay in a private room, with your own living room and bed on a mezzanine. You will also have access to the kitchen and bathroom. The flat is located in the center of Paris, in a quiet environment, close to railways!	Private room with sofa, table, TV, wifi and a king size bed on a mezzanine!  Access to the kitchen and bathroom. Great location in Paris centre, in a very quiet  environment! Close to railway stations Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare St Lazare You will stay in a private room, with your own living room and bed on a mezzanine. You will also have access to the kitchen and bathroom. The flat is located in the center of Paris, in a quiet environment, close to railways! TV, Wifi, Kitchen, Bathroom, Wc.
5656	Great apartment in great location, with large terace and Air Conditioned This 75 m2 Penthouse is just one step from Place de la Madeleine in 8th district. Located at 7th floor with elevator, this great apartment can accommodate up to 6 pax.	Great apartment in great location, with large terace and Air Conditioned This 75 m2 Penthouse is just one step from Place de la Madeleine in 8th district. Located at 7th floor with elevator, this great apartment can accommodate up to 6 pax. Great apartment in great location, with large terace and Air Conditioned This 75 m2 Penthouse is just one step from Place de la Madeleine in 8th district. Located at 7th floor with elevator, this great apartment can accommodate up to 6 pax. One of Paris primary location .. museum, shops, restaurants and many public transportation closeby Metro / RER / Bus Filles du Calvaire Easy accès to airports & Paris main spots 
5657	Nous louons un studio pour 1 personnes avec 1 lit, un coin cuisine (frigidaire, plaque, rangements, machine à café). La douche et l'évier seront à partager avec la chambre d'a coté (voir photos) We rent a studio for 1 personnes with 1 bed, a kitchen part with a fridge, a hob (to cook), a coffee maker, the rest of the kitchen and the shower will be shared with the room next door (see pictures).	'  Hello, \ n  The studio is located 5 minutes from the Pigalle station and 10 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge in a lively area. \ N  Hi, \ n  We are happy to welcome you in our apartment in Pigalle, it \ 'sa 1 person studio in the center of Paris.  '
5658	"*Please take time to read the full description and ""house rules"" :)*  Ideally located in the heart of one of the most exciting and glamorous area in Paris, (2 rooms, 35m2)  perfect for a couple!  2 steps from Metro stations Pigalle and Abbesses. (3mn walk) It's a very strategic location, mixing the quietness of the 9th arrondissement, the exciting nightlife of Pigalle and the beautiful Abbesses&Montmartre... The appartement is well accomodated and has been renovated recently.  You'll enjoy its bright and peaceful atmosphere, at the 5th floor, retreated from the street and with its view on courtyards.  You can relax enjoying books, music or dvds before going out in the fancy area surrounded by bars, restaurants, small squares, shops, art galleries and the mythical spots (Montmartre, Abbesses, Moulin Rouge...)  The greatest district to stroll around, lying on the terrace of the cafés...  A typical, welcoming café right down the building to start the day and many food stores...  The appar"	"Whole 35m2 flat in the heart of Trendy Pigalle area, 5 minutes from Montmartre.  Ideal for couples or friends wanting to discover Paris real authentic life !  Fully equiped, very quiet and sunny, though in one of the most animated area.  *Please take time to read the full description and ""house rules"" :)*  Ideally located in the heart of one of the most exciting and glamorous area in Paris, (2 rooms, 35m2)  perfect for a couple!  2 steps from Metro stations Pigalle and Abbesses. (3mn walk) It's a very strategic location, mixing the quietness of the 9th arrondissement, the exciting nightlife of Pigalle and the beautiful Abbesses&Montmartre... The appartement is well accomodated and has been renovated recently.  You'll enjoy its bright and peaceful atmosphere, at the 5th floor, retreated from the street and with its view on courtyards.  You can relax enjoying books, music or dvds before going out in the fancy area surrounded by bars, restaurants, small squares, shops, art galleries and t"
5659	Grand appartement lumineux de 60m² avec chambre séparée (lit double), cuisine américaine équipée (frigo, plaques à induction, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle), salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, toilettes séparées, et grand balcon de 10m² avec vue sur l'Opera Garnier !!! Un lit double gonflable de très bonne qualité (gonflement électrique) est également à disposition. Le wifi est disponible gratuitement dans tout l'appartement. Des draps et des serviettes de toilettes sont mis à votre disposition. Spacious and bright 60m2 apartment in the heart of Paris, with separated bedroom (double bed), american kitchen fully fitted, bathroom, separated restroom, and a gorgeous balcony with view on the Opera !!! A top quality inflating double bed is also available. Wifi available for free. Sheets and towels will be provided.	Très bel appartement de 60m² sur le boulevard Haussmann, à 50m des Galeries Lafayette et de l'Opera. Very nice 60m² apartment on boulevard Haussmann, 50m of the Galeries Lafayette and the Opera. Grand appartement lumineux de 60m² avec chambre séparée (lit double), cuisine américaine équipée (frigo, plaques à induction, micro-onde, lave-vaisselle), salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver, toilettes séparées, et grand balcon de 10m² avec vue sur l'Opera Garnier !!! Un lit double gonflable de très bonne qualité (gonflement électrique) est également à disposition. Le wifi est disponible gratuitement dans tout l'appartement. Des draps et des serviettes de toilettes sont mis à votre disposition. Spacious and bright 60m2 apartment in the heart of Paris, with separated bedroom (double bed), american kitchen fully fitted, bathroom, separated restroom, and a gorgeous balcony with view on the Opera !!! A top quality inflating double bed is also available. Wifi available for free. Sheets a
5660	One bed room with a double bed (new) One living room with a sofa (double bed, new), kitchen (microwave, fridge, heater), a waching machine. A bathroom with a shower toilets in the apartment, separated from the bathroom around 30m² Court side, so really quiet	You will love it : near Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), close to the Opera, walking distance from Gare du Nord, close to the galeries Lafayette, and surranded by many restaurants and bars in the trendy 9th district. The apartment has one bedroom + sofa in the living room (suitable for 4 peoples). All bed furniture included. Bathroom has a shower. Toilets are in another room than the bathroom. Washing machine included. Wifi. 3rd floor with elevator. the best place to enjoy Paris One bed room with a double bed (new) One living room with a sofa (double bed, new), kitchen (microwave, fridge, heater), a waching machine. A bathroom with a shower toilets in the apartment, separated from the bathroom around 30m² Court side, so really quiet All is yours I'm living next door, so as long as I am not at work, I can help you planning your Paris visit and give you advices on restaurants & bars The 9th district is the new trendy one : a lot of new bars and restaurants open every week, BUT, keeping the stre
5661	"This is a studio of 25 m² for two persons, located at 58 rue de Rochechouart 9th in the City Napoleon, so named because it is the first ""working city"" of France, built in 1850 by Napoleon III (classified site). The building's architecture is amazing and charming!  It is on the 1st floor, facing East (the morning sun floods the studio), overlooking a large courtyard with trees and flowers with an old fountain. The studio is not overlooked, and what you see is just flowers and trees, which is rare in Paris ! Completely renovated in 2009, this is a small place full of charm, quiet, very functional, well equipped and tastefully furnished.  The studio consists of one large room (one single large volume!) and is composed of an open living space, a bathroom (shower + toilet), laundry (washing machine and storage) kitchen.  The studio is very well equipped and well furnished. The sofa converts into a bed thanks to pneumatic cylinders that are slide  itunder a retractable mattress. It is theref"	"FULL FLAT A comfortable, quiet, tastefully furnished and equipped place, located in the heart of the romantic Paris, in a classified 1850 building with an extraordinary architecture, overlooking a flower garden. A perfect place for a romantic Paris. This is a studio of 25 m² for two persons, located at 58 rue de Rochechouart 9th in the City Napoleon, so named because it is the first ""working city"" of France, built in 1850 by Napoleon III (classified site). The building's architecture is amazing and charming!  It is on the 1st floor, facing East (the morning sun floods the studio), overlooking a large courtyard with trees and flowers with an old fountain. The studio is not overlooked, and what you see is just flowers and trees, which is rare in Paris ! Completely renovated in 2009, this is a small place full of charm, quiet, very functional, well equipped and tastefully furnished.  The studio consists of one large room (one single large volume!) and is composed of an open living space, "
5662	"The studio is small but pretty, practical, adorable with light and bright colors, sunny and very very good located.  It s a great ""refuge"" to enjoy Parisian life, and the best food markets just down the street.."	"Adorable equiped studio, with modulable furniture (bed can be 2 or a big one), great location in the heart of fashionable SO PI (south of Pigalle), very bright with Balcony on the street and Sacre Coeur on the left, lively area night and day... The studio is small but pretty, practical, adorable with light and bright colors, sunny and very very good located.  It s a great ""refuge"" to enjoy Parisian life, and the best food markets just down the street.. We absolutely love the neighbourhood, we live there at a few meters! Best new places of the trendy gastronomical scene, little cafes, best old bistrots, as much as traditionnal french restaurants and food shops, bookshops, indie designer clothes and all the ""grands magasins"" like Printemps and Galeries Lafayette at 5 minuts walk...  The Opera Garnier is also a very short walk (10 minuts) and there is plenty of theaters.. METRO Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12) - at 30 meters, also 3 other lines in a super short walk, buses, taxis downstair"
5663	Charming bright studio with mezzanine fully renovated under the roofs of a Haussmann building with elevator.  It has a small terrace (1m ²) seen on yard brightened up in the morning.  Just a step from supermarkets and from market Lepic street, you can easily cook in your way some dishes at the house. Close to the Moulin Rouge (3mn on foot), of the Sacred-Heart (10mn on foot) of Opera, Galleries Lafayette and the Printemps (10mn by bus) or Champs-Élysee (10mn in subway), this accommodation is ideal to discover and take advantage of the life in Paris.	Magnificent studio all comfort in the 6th floor with elevator of a Haussmann building. Placed near the Moulin Rouge and the Sacred-Heart, 3mn from subways and shop, this 23m ² with mezzanine is ideal to stay in couple at the heart of Paris. Charming bright studio with mezzanine fully renovated under the roofs of a Haussmann building with elevator.  It has a small terrace (1m ²) seen on yard brightened up in the morning.  Just a step from supermarkets and from market Lepic street, you can easily cook in your way some dishes at the house. Close to the Moulin Rouge (3mn on foot), of the Sacred-Heart (10mn on foot) of Opera, Galleries Lafayette and the Printemps (10mn by bus) or Champs-Élysee (10mn in subway), this accommodation is ideal to discover and take advantage of the life in Paris. The visitors can use the combined oven (steakhouse, convection and microwaves), the coffee machine, the cooking and all its equipments as well as basic food. Shower with (website hidden) and WiFi. There 
5664		Très beau studio meublé de 13m2                  (2em étage )dans le 9ém arrondissement de Paris, quartier agréable et commerçant qui se situe a deux pas du métro et proche des galerie La Fayette . Le quartier est très commerçant et se trouve au centre de Paris ce qui permet d'être rapidement dans n'importe qu'elle arrondissement . Le métro est au bas de l'immeuble! 
5665	Appartement tout confort avec de superbes prestations. moulures et décorations ultra soignées.  Tout équipé ( television, wifi, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, four micro onde, machine à café à capsules, frigo américain.  Rive Droite, Calme et lumineux , à proximité des gares du Nord et Saint Lazare, proche métro et bus, proche Grands Boulevard et grands magasins, opéra Garnier(,possibilité visite tous les jours) metro direct pour le Louvre,  théâtres, cinémas. proximité Montmartre  et Pigalle. Commerces à proximité, Epicerie, boulangerie, boucherie, poissonnier, banque, poste  restaurants.  Immeuble classé,très beau, .  L'appartement comporte une vaste entrée de réception, un salon, une salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée, trois chambres, de luxueuses salles de bains. 2 toilettes séparés. dressing, larges armoires et placards.  prévu 1 heure de ménage/ jour. moulures, . Les draps et serviettes de bains sont fournies une fois au début du séjour Les frais de ménages s'élè	Appartement tout confort avec de superbes prestations. moulures et décorations ultra soignées.  Tout équipé ( television, wifi, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, four micro onde, machine à café à capsules, frigo américain.  Rive Droite, Calme et lumineux , à proximité des gares du Nord et Saint Lazare, proche métro et bus, proche Grands Boulevard et grands magasins, opéra Garnier(,possibilité visite tous les jours) metro direct pour le Louvre,  théâtres, cinémas. proximité Montmartre  et Pigalle. Commerces à proximité, Epicerie, boulangerie, boucherie, poissonnier, banque, poste  restaurants.  Immeuble classé,très beau, .  L'appartement comporte une vaste entrée de réception, un salon, une salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée, trois chambres, de luxueuses salles de bains. 2 toilettes séparés. dressing, larges armoires et placards.  prévu 1 heure de ménage/ jour. moulures, . Les draps et serviettes de bains sont fournies une fois au début du séjour Les frais de ménages s'élè
5666		Je loue ma chambre d'environ 30m2 dans un appartement charme sous les toits de paris.  L'appartement et situé au 6 éme stage avec ascenseur, et il est doté d'une vue imprenable sur le sacré coeur.
5667	At the second floor, really light. There isn't any elevator.	A charming studio at the 2nd floor. There is one bed and one sofabed so 4 people maximum. A really dynamic district next to Montmartre. You need 2 min to reach the métro station. I let you enjoy my studio while i travel. Please clean up after you. At the second floor, really light. There isn't any elevator. I am sorry there is no wifi because i am using wificodes. There is a TV but i never tried it. NO SMOKERS bus 74 and 67  metro 12 (2min)  and 2 (5min)  and even 7 (10min walking)
5668	STANDING This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building whose access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a balcony overlooking the street. One of the bedrooms gives on the balcony too. The second bedroom windows overlook a courtyard. All windows are double glazed so the apartment is very quiet. LAYOUT This lovely 57 sqm is very well organized. It has been entirely renovated a decorated recently and we do like this place and its atmosphere. It has two separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. The entrance gives on a hall that leads to all the rooms. The main room is lovely and comfortable. It has been divided in several areas. The living area features a coffee table, an elegant white leather armchair and a sofa-bed that can sleep two people (140x200). It also has a large flat TV with a special wire to plug your iPod, iPad, iPhone. You will then be able to listen to your own music, watch your own movies and play with the games of your iPhone but on the televisi	Lovely 2-bedroom 57 sqm apartment to rent in the 9th district of Paris. Suitable for up to six people, decorated with much love and care, this place is beautiful and we heartily recommend it to you ! STANDING This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building whose access is secured by a door code. The apartment has a balcony overlooking the street. One of the bedrooms gives on the balcony too. The second bedroom windows overlook a courtyard. All windows are double glazed so the apartment is very quiet. LAYOUT This lovely 57 sqm is very well organized. It has been entirely renovated a decorated recently and we do like this place and its atmosphere. It has two separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. The entrance gives on a hall that leads to all the rooms. The main room is lovely and comfortable. It has been divided in several areas. The living area features a coffee table, an elegant white leather armchair and a sofa-bed that can sleep two people (140x200). It also has 
5669	Vue sur le sud de Paris, ce charmant appartement parisien de 35m2 est idéalement situé au nord du 9ème arrondissement (lignes 2, 7 et 12 à 5 minutes). Deux pièces avec grande chambre, lit deux personnes. Attention: 6ème étage sans ascenseur!	Appartement avec vue au dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien avec vue dominant Paris (centre et sud). La chambre est pourvue d'un grand lit king size. Au coeur d'un quartier animé par de nombreux bars et restaurants, et à 5 minutes de Montmartre. Vue sur le sud de Paris, ce charmant appartement parisien de 35m2 est idéalement situé au nord du 9ème arrondissement (lignes 2, 7 et 12 à 5 minutes). Deux pièces avec grande chambre, lit deux personnes. Attention: 6ème étage sans ascenseur! Dans l'appartement: baignoire, lave-linge, TV écran plat, internet haut débit, collection de dvds, appareil à raclette, machine nespresso, photocopieur, micro-ondes, playstation 3,  porte blindée. Fumeurs acceptés. Remise des clés, récupération des clés. Quartier animé de ses nombreux restaurants et cafés, gastronomie et brasseries. La rue des Martyrs, toute proche, est le siège de commerçants de bouche et de restaurants. Quartier vallonné, agréable, familial et sûr. A 5 minutes du sacré-coeur et du centre d
5670	"You will receive a clean and tidy studio, clean bed linen and towels as well as the latest edition of the Lonely Planet guide on Paris and city maps. After booking I will send you detailed instructions on how to get to the studio from the airport/train station. I always reply within an hour and my calendar is always up to date. Before and during your stay I will be available to assist you with everything you may need. There is a landline in the studio from which you can call me if you have any question. Right after you leave the internal garden on the building you find yourself in a very trendy Parisian street where ""bobo"" from all over the city come to in the evening and fill up the bars and restaurants. There are many fruits and vegetables shops in the street and supermarkets if you want to buy food and cook at home- everything within a minute walk.  You will receive a clean and tidy studio, clean bed linen and towels as well as the latest edition of the Lonely Planet guide on Paris "	"Beautiful studio, decorated and well equipped in one of the trendiest areas in Paris. The studio is located in the 9th district of Paris, multicultural and popular street with handful of crowded bars and restaurants.  You will receive a clean and tidy studio, clean bed linen and towels as well as the latest edition of the Lonely Planet guide on Paris and city maps. After booking I will send you detailed instructions on how to get to the studio from the airport/train station. I always reply within an hour and my calendar is always up to date. Before and during your stay I will be available to assist you with everything you may need. There is a landline in the studio from which you can call me if you have any question. Right after you leave the internal garden on the building you find yourself in a very trendy Parisian street where ""bobo"" from all over the city come to in the evening and fill up the bars and restaurants. There are many fruits and vegetables shops in the street and superm"
5671		Beautiful and very clean apartment with great view over Montmartre : large and cosy living room, king size bed on the mezzanine, one single bedroom, and a separated kitchen. Ideally served by public transportation (Gare du nord + Line 2, 7 and 12).
5672	ROOM OF 17 m2	Big Room of 17m2 for rent in Haussmannian apartment  located in Paris centre, rue de Trevise close to the Folies Bergères theatre. Very nice area, very nice apartment with a large entrance hall, sitting room, and large kitchen. Metro Cadet/ Gds blvd ROOM OF 17 m2
5673		This marvellous 140 sqm apartment with exposed beams has a true city feeling! A very comfortable and spacious 5-room apartment, decorated with much taste, situated in a privileged area from where you can easily walk to discover so many sites ! The guests have access to the entire rooms of the apartment The guests can contact me anytime The area has since been most associated with the stretch between Bonne Nouvelle and Richelieu Drouot metro stations. Dotted with theaters, clubs and cafes, the boulevards’ wide sidewalks are perfect for people-watching, strolling and leisurely nursing cafés crèmes on heated terraces. Getting There:  Metro: Grands Boulevards (line 8, 9) exit 3 Taxi : in front of metro station
5674	Enjoy Paris in a three-room apartment in a typical & central Parisian district. The apartment is located on the 6th floor (with an elevator). You will enjoy an outstanding view of Paris. The living room is furnished with two sofas, the bed room has a really comfortable bed. The kitchen is fully featured. And finally, you'll have a fast internet wireless connexion, microwave, washing machine...). Ideally located near the metro Poissonniere, Gare du Nord & Barbes Rochechouard, near direct buses to Opera (10min) and 10min walk from Montmartre.  The district is very lively with plenty of shops nearby, a variety of shops and restaurants for all budgets (from semi-gastronomic restaurants to affordable restaurants) If you require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.	This bright three-room appartment can welcome two peope . Enjoy stunning views of the Eiffel Tower and the rooftops of Paris. It is conveniently located close to Montmartre and near many subway lines (Line 2 , 4, 5, 7)  Enjoy Paris in a three-room apartment in a typical & central Parisian district. The apartment is located on the 6th floor (with an elevator). You will enjoy an outstanding view of Paris. The living room is furnished with two sofas, the bed room has a really comfortable bed. The kitchen is fully featured. And finally, you'll have a fast internet wireless connexion, microwave, washing machine...). Ideally located near the metro Poissonniere, Gare du Nord & Barbes Rochechouard, near direct buses to Opera (10min) and 10min walk from Montmartre.  The district is very lively with plenty of shops nearby, a variety of shops and restaurants for all budgets (from semi-gastronomic restaurants to affordable restaurants) If you require any further information, please do not hesitate
5675		Appartement de 40m2 agréable et idéalement situé proche du sacré cœur près de tous commerce et transport. Il se compose d'un salon avec clic-clac, d'une grande chambre, d'une cuisine séparée d'une salle de bain et de toilettes séparées avec rangement et clarté. Très confortable. Rue commerçante
5676	Location minimum 2 nuits. Très joli studio de 17m2 dans le 9éme arrondissement de Paris, au métro St Georges, à quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre. Au quatrième étage l'appartement est lumineux et la vue dégagée sur une cour pavée et arborée où vous pourrez vous reposer autour des tables de jardin en rentrant de vos promenades parisiennes. Au coeur du paris des peintres, c'est un quartier chaleureux avec ses nombreux restaurants, commerces, créateurs et musées. 3 lignes de métro sont à deux pas, la ligne 12 (Concorde, Pigalle, Abbesses...), la ligne 2 (Etoile, Monceau, Anvers...), la ligne 7 (Opéra, Louvre, Chatelet...).  Descriptif :   Cuisine ouverte équipée, avec 4 plaques électriques, 1 hotte aspirante, 1 petit four électrique, 1 réfrigérateur, 1 cafetière, 1 théière, 1 grille-pain...   Salon équipé d'un canapé avec 1 table basse et 1 table de repas + 4 chaises.  Une chambre en mezzanine équipé d'une fenêtre sur le ciel, d'un lit double transformable en 2 lits simples, avec un a	Location minimum 2 nuits. Très joli studio de 17m2 dans le 9éme arrondissement de Paris, au métro St Georges, à quelques minutes à pied de Montmartre. Au quatrième étage l'appartement est lumineux et la vue dégagée sur une cour pavée et arborée où vous pourrez vous reposer autour des tables de jardin en rentrant de vos promenades parisiennes. Au coeur du paris des peintres, c'est un quartier chaleureux avec ses nombreux restaurants, commerces, créateurs et musées. 3 lignes de métro sont à deux pas, la ligne 12 (Concorde, Pigalle, Abbesses...), la ligne 2 (Etoile, Monceau, Anvers...), la ligne 7 (Opéra, Louvre, Chatelet...).  Descriptif :   Cuisine ouverte équipée, avec 4 plaques électriques, 1 hotte aspirante, 1 petit four électrique, 1 réfrigérateur, 1 cafetière, 1 théière, 1 grille-pain...   Salon équipé d'un canapé avec 1 table basse et 1 table de repas + 4 chaises.  Une chambre en mezzanine équipé d'une fenêtre sur le ciel, d'un lit double transformable en 2 lits simples, avec un a
5677	L'accès à la chambre est indépendant sur le même palier. La salle de bains, en suite avec la chambre est à usage privé pour le visiteur. L'environnement de la chambre est très calme. Le petit déjeuner vous sera servi dans notre séjour, pièce aérée et lumineuse, ou sur la terrasse face à Montmartre et le Sacré-Coeur quand le temps le permet. 	"Accueil dans un appartement typiquement parisien au 6ème étage (asc) d'un bel immeuble haussmanien du 9ème arrdt. Accès à la chambre indépendant sur le même palier. L'accès à la chambre est indépendant sur le même palier. La salle de bains, en suite avec la chambre est à usage privé pour le visiteur. L'environnement de la chambre est très calme. Le petit déjeuner vous sera servi dans notre séjour, pièce aérée et lumineuse, ou sur la terrasse face à Montmartre et le Sacré-Coeur quand le temps le permet. Accès pour le petit déjeuner à notre salle à manger et à la terrasse. Isabelle est une parisienne qui connait et aime cette ville et vous fera profiter de ses bons plans. Jacques est photographe, a réalisé 5 livres sur Paris et vous indiquera les meilleurs moments de la journée pour visiter et photographier les grands, mais également les moins connus des sites Parisiens. Notre quartier est au coeur de ""South Pigalle"". Quartier de la nuit, Pigalle s'est transformé ces dernières années. Au"
5678	Le logement a été entièrement refait à neuf. Les chambres sont sur cours dont très calme. Double séjour sur rue.  Très agréable exposition est/ouest.	Logement très agréable au pied du moulin rouge et du célèbre quartier  St George.A 10min à pied des Galeries Lafayette, 5min des Abbesses.Idéal pour découvrir Paris.  Appartement entièrement refait à neuf dans un quartier vivant. Le logement a été entièrement refait à neuf. Les chambres sont sur cours dont très calme. Double séjour sur rue.  Très agréable exposition est/ouest. Metro St George ou métro blanche Je suis disponible pour répondre à toutes vos questions et vous conseiller si vous le souhaitez Quartier très sympa, vivant et central. Beaucoup d endroits où sortir. Ligne 2 et 12
5679	This is an old big building made with stone and has a good standing. The flat is on the 7th and last floor, directly accessible by the elevator. It overlooks the courtyard and has a very nice view on Paris’ roofs. Light and with classic decoration, this studio has a nice view over Paris’ roofs, and in the background, you can see Sacré-Coeur basilica. The small entrance has a close and storage spaces, it leads to the main room which is equipped with a 140 cm bed for 2 people, a small dining table, a chest drawer and also a TV. The kitchen, with a micro-wave and hot plates, is laid out separately which is an asset for this studio. Accessible from the kitchen, the bathroom has a shower tub and the WC.	This beautiful studio with an elegant and harmonious decoration will charm you with its warm atmosphere. Very bright, it is also perfectly equipped and functional. It is located near the Madeleine neighborhood. This is an old big building made with stone and has a good standing. The flat is on the 7th and last floor, directly accessible by the elevator. It overlooks the courtyard and has a very nice view on Paris’ roofs. Light and with classic decoration, this studio has a nice view over Paris’ roofs, and in the background, you can see Sacré-Coeur basilica. The small entrance has a close and storage spaces, it leads to the main room which is equipped with a 140 cm bed for 2 people, a small dining table, a chest drawer and also a TV. The kitchen, with a micro-wave and hot plates, is laid out separately which is an asset for this studio. Accessible from the kitchen, the bathroom has a shower tub and the WC. The Place de l’Opéra is one of the main spot of the eight “grand boulevards” that
5680	You are searching for a place to stay in Paris? As I'm going on holidays, I rent my room in our apartment where you are going to meet my really cool (website hidden) :) Next to the Galeries Lafayette and 10 minutes (by public transport) from the Champs Elysees or the Louvre, the bedroom is the perfect place to discover the city! Our apartment is 85 m² big, has two bedrooms, a living room as well as a big kitchen and a bathroom of course.  The apartment is on the 6th floor in a typical Parisian building with an elevator. Our apartment has everything: washing machine, dishwasher, dry cleaner, oven, microwave, fridge, toaster, ironing board, three televisions,… The apartment in ‘non-smoking’ but as we have four balconies you can smoke while watching the skyline of Paris :) Wifi, sheets and towels are included in the price. If you will have any questions about the city or cool places to go, my parisian flatmate will be there help you :) Furthemore, We provide you a litte “Best places” book	Situated in a typical Parisian building, next to the Galeries Lafayettes and 10 minutes from the Champs Elysees, the private bedroom is in a 85 m² apartment with a living room, a big kitchen, a bathroom, 4 balconies..
5681	The space is ideal for a couple but can also welcome 4 people thanks to the sofa-bed. There is one bedroom, the living room, an open kitchen and the bathroom (no loss of space). Besides, it's very luminous because it's on last floor and you have two nice balconies from where you can enjoy the view on Montmatre Basilic.	Centrally located in Paris (safe and dynamic neighbourhood), the flat is charming and 2min from Montmatre Sacré Coeur and the famous Moulin Rouge neighborhood. Entirely furnished and well-equipped, it is ideal for a romantic getaway in Paris. The space is ideal for a couple but can also welcome 4 people thanks to the sofa-bed. There is one bedroom, the living room, an open kitchen and the bathroom (no loss of space). Besides, it's very luminous because it's on last floor and you have two nice balconies from where you can enjoy the view on Montmatre (website hidden), Household Goods (Four, Micro ondes, Frigo, Washing machine), Equipment such as kettle, hairdryer etc. I really love the place because you have a lots of nice and trendy bars, restaurants and places to go out at night. It's very dynamic and pleasant at the same time. Also, the place is ideally located if you are here to visit Paris (central). You are at 5mins of the famous Moulin Rouge and 5mins from the Basilic Montmatre. Y
5682	You loved the movie MOULIN ROUGE. You want a confortable clean Lodging in one of the nicest place of Paris,  for touristic or professionnal purpose, short medium or long term. You  look for an excellent ratio quality/cost to save the maximum for the parisian life You appreciate a READY TO START holidays ( tea coffee sugar  toilet paper, towels linen provided ) CANCAN STUDIO, untypical however typically parisian, poetic, cosy, calm, comfortable, owned by genuine Artists ( former actors and dancers, now teachers ), under the eaves ( attic room ), at the top of a 6 stairs 200 years old parisian stone building close to the real MOULIN ROUGE,  is made for you ! Attention : no lift! It has  30 scarred meters on the floor, to which you add the mezzanine where is the first bed. It is totally equiped with an american kitchen, furnished, and offers a fab possibility to stay for 1 till 4 personns in one of the most animated quarter of Paris with an excellent price quality ratio. Full south orient	Studio south oriented, with a view on the parisian roofs, in one of the most lively and touristic part of Paris near the BUTTE MONTMARTRE, MOULIN ROUGE. Totally equiped, surrounded by public transportation. You loved the movie MOULIN ROUGE. You want a confortable clean Lodging in one of the nicest place of Paris,  for touristic or professionnal purpose, short medium or long term. You  look for an excellent ratio quality/cost to save the maximum for the parisian life You appreciate a READY TO START holidays ( tea coffee sugar  toilet paper, towels linen provided ) CANCAN STUDIO, untypical however typically parisian, poetic, cosy, calm, comfortable, owned by genuine Artists ( former actors and dancers, now teachers ), under the eaves ( attic room ), at the top of a 6 stairs 200 years old parisian stone building close to the real MOULIN ROUGE,  is made for you ! Attention : no lift! It has  30 scarred meters on the floor, to which you add the mezzanine where is the first bed. It is totall
5683	We are a french couple and are living in a furnished 75 m2 LOFT in Paris. It is a beautiful and authentic place with a wonderfull view on the Sacré Cœur in Montmartre (North Center Paris – 9eme arrondissement). This is a 2 double bedrooms (very calm ! ) appartment with all the comfort you need (Wifi Internet connexion, a washing-machine, TV, microwave…), a private bathroom, a kitchen in mezzanin. The appartment is located in a nice , safe and popular district (Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge ), but also in an pleasant night moving place. Métros lines : 2 (100 meters from the loft) / 4 (5mn by walk), bus and bikes in the street in front of the building.  - District : Sacré Coeur/Les Abesses / (North center Paris) – 9eme and 18eme - - Prices : 700€ /week ( 4 persons maxi) -	We are a french couple and are living in a furnished 75 m2 LOFT in Paris. It is a beautiful and authentic place with a wonderfull view on the Sacré Cœur in Montmartre (North Center Paris – 9eme arrondissement). This is a 2 double bedrooms (very calm ! ) appartment with all the comfort you need (Wifi Internet connexion, a washing-machine, TV, microwave…), a private bathroom, a kitchen in mezzanin. The appartment is located in a nice , safe and popular district (Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge ), but also in an pleasant night moving place. Métros lines : 2 (100 meters from the loft) / 4 (5mn by walk), bus and bikes in the street in front of the building.  - District : Sacré Coeur/Les Abesses / (North center Paris) – 9eme and 18eme - - Prices : 700€ /week ( 4 persons maxi) -
5684	The apartment suits 3 adults, or 2 adults with a child. There is a double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed which fits 1 person, in the living room. The apartment contains a bedroom with a double bed for 2 people,(140cms x 200 cms) as well as sofa bed suitable for another adult or a child in the living room. (120cms x 200cms) It is on the 3rd floor; there is a lift going up to the 1st floor, and from there you have 2 flights of stairs. Check-in is from 2pm and check out is by 12pm.	"Great one bedroom apartment situated in an ideal neighbourhood: within walking distance of the Louvre, Opera, Chatelet, Marais, Pigalle and Montmartre. Our calendar is always up-to-date; if you are interested you can just click on ""Book""! The apartment suits 3 adults, or 2 adults with a child. There is a double bed in the bedroom, and a sofa bed which fits 1 person, in the living room. The apartment contains a bedroom with a double bed for 2 people,(140cms x 200 cms) as well as sofa bed suitable for another adult or a child in the living room. (120cms x 200cms) It is on the 3rd floor; there is a lift going up to the 1st floor, and from there you have 2 flights of stairs. Check-in is from 2pm and check out is by 12pm. The apartment is modern, and furnished with  new appliances:  -microwave, -dishwasher -coffee machine -oven -vitro-ceramic stove -fridge -washing machine -flat-screen tv -high-speed wifi All bed linen is provided, as well as towels. I remain available throughout their stay"
5685	Studio complètement équipé , et refait à neuf récemment , Tv et internet WIFI. Balcon pour prendre le petit déjeuner ou bien se détendre après une excitante journée dans Paris . Idéalement situé au centre de Paris, Montmartre, Pigalle, Opéra et les grands magasin Galerie Lafayette , Printemps sont seulement à quelques minutes de l'appartement a pieds ou bien en transport !	Super appartement situé en plein centre de Paris , dans le 9eme, proche de la Butte Montmartre, de Opera . Décoré avec gout et refait à neuf récemment, complètement équipé , dispo également d'un balcon pour se détendre. Quartier animés restaurants. Studio complètement équipé , et refait à neuf récemment , Tv et internet WIFI. Balcon pour prendre le petit déjeuner ou bien se détendre après une excitante journée dans Paris . Idéalement situé au centre de Paris, Montmartre, Pigalle, Opéra et les grands magasin Galerie Lafayette , Printemps sont seulement à quelques minutes de l'appartement a pieds ou bien en transport ! Appartement complet , salle de bains équipée d'une machine à laver le linge , Canapé lit pour couchage quotidien (140X200) !  Smart TV LED 107cm ! Residence sécurisée avec Gardien. Cuisine équipée d'un réfrigérateur et de plaques vitro céramiques . Appartement en Rez de Jardin Privatisé. Nés et élèvé a Paris je me ferai un plaisir de partager mes adresses avec vous et selo
5686	Dans notre appartement vous trouverez : - 1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 places (draps fournis)  - 1 salon - un grille pain, un mini four, un micro ondes,une cafetière, une bouilloire et toute la vaisselle nécessaire !	Un joli appartement haussmanien de 48m2 en plein cœur de Paris, à 5 minutes à pied du métro Anvers, à 7 minutes du métro Pigalle et à 10 minutes du métro Cadet à partager avec l'une de nous 2 restant dans l'appartement. Dans notre appartement vous trouverez : - 1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 places (draps fournis)  - 1 salon - un grille pain, un mini four, un micro ondes,une cafetière, une bouilloire et toute la vaisselle nécessaire ! Dans le quartier vous trouverez: - de nombreux bars et restaurants, du chic au cosy - un supermarché à 2 min,ouvert de 7h à 22h - des transports proches pour vous balader partout dans Paris - une bonne ambiance, des gens souriants et un marché le vendredi après-midi Métro :  - ligne 2 : Anvers (2 min)  - ligne 12 : Pigalle (7 min)  - ligne 7 : Cadet (10 min) Bus 85 : arrêt Trudaine - direction Luxembourg (1 min)
5687		Profitez de cet appartement au charme parisien en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement
5688	Nice and quiet appartement without any noise from the street.	Cosy apprtment in an amazing area with everything that you need. The flat is located in on of the famous street of the 9th. A lot of commerce, Bars and restaurants. Very well located. Close to he metro and 5 minutes walk to Montmartre
5689		l'appartement est bien placé. c'est un plaisir de se promener et découvrir les passages du quartier ou d'aller a pied vers les canal saint martin, vers Montmartre etc. De plus l'appartement est charmant, équipé et les colocataires sont sympa!
5690	Situated in the 9th one of the nicest neighborhoods in Paris. Just next to Pigalle, rue de Martyrs and Montmarte.  A beautiful light flat with 3 windows all opening on a balcony  The flat is well situated in sout of Pigalle close to rue des martys and Montmartre. Walking distance to Blvd Haussman and Opéra the shopping district. Great bars and restaurants in the neighborhood.  Metro Pigalle and Saint Georges are very close.  Gare de nord is not far if you are coming by RER from the airport.  	Situated in the 9th one of the nicest neighborhoods in Paris. Just next to Pigalle, rue de Martyrs and Montmarte.  A beautiful light flat with 3 windows all opening on a balcony  Situated in the 9th one of the nicest neighborhoods in Paris. Just next to Pigalle, rue de Martyrs and Montmarte.  A beautiful light flat with 3 windows all opening on a balcony  The flat is well situated in sout of Pigalle close to rue des martys and Montmartre. Walking distance to Blvd Haussman and Opéra the shopping district. Great bars and restaurants in the neighborhood.  Metro Pigalle and Saint Georges are very close.  Gare de nord is not far if you are coming by RER from the airport.  Wifi, TV, Stero system, Kitchen all furnished, dishing machine, washing machine, mircowave, water boiler, toaster The flat is well situated in sout of Pigalle close to rue des martys and Montmartre. Walking distance to Blvd Haussman and Opéra the shopping district. Great bars and restaurants in the neighborhood.  Metro Pig
5691	This  1 bedroom apartment was recently renovated, it is fully equipped and very comfortable. It is located on the 2nd floor (3rd American ;) of a typical 19th century Parisian building. No elevator but a very nice, well kept and safe building, with 2 separate digital entrance doors. The flat has double glass windows, an armed door, and is overlooking a green and quiet courtyard. It has a separate bedroom, a large opened kitchen and a beautiful big bathroom with an old bathtub. Living-room:  Very comfortable sofa, LCD TV (not shown on pics) with international channels (not shown on pictures - bought after), dvd player, WIFI internet access, phone with FREE CALLS to French cells & landlines, US CELLS & landlines (and other countries listed in the flat), fireplace, large mirrors Kitchen:  Dishwasher, XL fridge/freezer, induction stove, microwave/oven, toaster, coffee machine, kettle Bedroom:  Queen-size bed (140x200cm) with superior mattress, reading corner with comfy armchair, dressing t	This lovely 1 bedroom apartment is very well located, quiet yet in the heart of it all, very comfortable and cosy, and fully equipped. You will not be disappointed I promise, this flat was my safe haven for 5 years living and working in Paris..! This  1 bedroom apartment was recently renovated, it is fully equipped and very comfortable. It is located on the 2nd floor (3rd American ;) of a typical 19th century Parisian building. No elevator but a very nice, well kept and safe building, with 2 separate digital entrance doors. The flat has double glass windows, an armed door, and is overlooking a green and quiet courtyard. It has a separate bedroom, a large opened kitchen and a beautiful big bathroom with an old bathtub. Living-room:  Very comfortable sofa, LCD TV (not shown on pics) with international channels (not shown on pictures - bought after), dvd player, WIFI internet access, phone with FREE CALLS to French cells & landlines, US CELLS & landlines (and other countries listed in the
5692		Charmant petit studio parisien, lumineux et agréable à vivre, au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Idéalement situé entre Le Louvre, Montmartre et Opéra, et à deux pas du métro.
5693	This charming 1 bedroom flat, that can welcome up to 5 people, is typically parisian (parquet floor and moldings), clean (it has just been renovated), quiet (ground floor next to a magnificent flourished courtyard), comfortable, and fully-equipped (check the list of furniture and accessories).  It has a big living-room with a sofa-bed and a TV set as well as a dining table, a bedroom with a double-bed, a very functional kitchen, a bathroom with an italian shower, and separate toilet. It is part of a nice haussmanian-style building, secured with an entry code and an intercom.  Besides being a very nice, comfortable, functional, and fully-equipped apartment, it is located in the best area of Paris : Right in the center of Montmartre ! You can access by foot, in a few minutes, the Sacré-Coeur, the Place des Abesses, the Rue des Martyrs, the Moulin Rouge, or Pigalle…	Charming Flat entirely renovated located in the heart of Paris, for up to 5 people. This charming 1 bedroom flat, that can welcome up to 5 people, is typically parisian (parquet floor and moldings), clean (it has just been renovated), quiet (ground floor next to a magnificent flourished courtyard), comfortable, and fully-equipped (check the list of furniture and accessories).  It has a big living-room with a sofa-bed and a TV set as well as a dining table, a bedroom with a double-bed, a very functional kitchen, a bathroom with an italian shower, and separate toilet. It is part of a nice haussmanian-style building, secured with an entry code and an intercom.  Besides being a very nice, comfortable, functional, and fully-equipped apartment, it is located in the best area of Paris : Right in the center of Montmartre ! You can access by foot, in a few minutes, the Sacré-Coeur, the Place des Abesses, the Rue des Martyrs, the Moulin Rouge, or Pigalle… The flat is entirely available and dedic
5694		Superb 45sqm one-bedroom apt for up to 4 guests, in a private residence, rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with great metro access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped.
5695	This unusual configuration studio was built by an architect. The tub is in the kitchen that is open. This piece can be closed by a door, and a curtain that closes the counter (see photos) . It is also very bright with many windows, skylights (3). It has a second room, where installed a dining table and a bed. A third spacious room serves as a bedroom and living room. Many built-in cupboards make the apartment very functional and easy to store.	Studio of 33 m2 in a stunning area, near the  Lafayette, Montmartre, le Sacré Choeur, Moulin Rouge. Very bright, clean and well equipped (fan, freezer, oven). Ideal for three. Sheets and towels are provided. This unusual configuration studio was built by an architect. The tub is in the kitchen that is open. This piece can be closed by a door, and a curtain that closes the counter (see photos) . It is also very bright with many windows, skylights (3). It has a second room, where installed a dining table and a bed. A third spacious room serves as a bedroom and living room. Many built-in cupboards make the apartment very functional and easy to store. Guests have access to the entire studio with equipment, standards (blankets ... ) and my personal belongings (books, films, some clothes). Some areas will be released for you to store your belongings. I am available and reachable in case of problems and could possibly go over there, according to dates. Furthermore, I would love to dedicate yo
5696	"Ideal for a family with kids.  60m2 (645 sq ft) 1 living room 2 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with bed 190X90cm, 1 bedroom with a kid bed (160cm) and 1 mattress 190x90cm 1 kitchen 1 bathroom with bathtub  1 WC Equipment includes :  - microwave, stove, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, plates, and utensils  - washing machine  - flatscreen TV  - High Speed Internet  - fresh towels and bedsheets  All beds are prepared with clean linen, towels are supplied Don""t hesitate to contact me if you need more information."	"Ideally located in the famous rue des Martyrs, you will find all the shops you need : supermarkets, organic food shop, and all types of typical french shops (best french bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, fresh vegetable and fruits shops...). Ideal for a family with kids.  60m2 (645 sq ft) 1 living room 2 bedrooms : 1 bedroom with bed 190X90cm, 1 bedroom with a kid bed (160cm) and 1 mattress 190x90cm 1 kitchen 1 bathroom with bathtub  1 WC Equipment includes :  - microwave, stove, fridge, coffee maker, toaster, plates, and utensils  - washing machine  - flatscreen TV  - High Speed Internet  - fresh towels and bedsheets  All beds are prepared with clean linen, towels are supplied Don""t hesitate to contact me if you need more information. Ideally located in the famous rue des Martyrs, you will find all the shops you need : supermarkets, organic food shop, and all types of typical french shops (best french bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, fresh vegetable and fruits shops...). Also all"
5697	Lots of space in our appartment, living a lot living+dining room + kitchen totalizing more than 40 sq m. 12 windows in total, bringing light in every room perfect for a family, as there is 2 bed room for children. Additionnal extra bed in the living (convertible sofa) which is convenient for older children. Additionnal single matresses can also be installed in chil drooms for adults. Location is really unique as we are in a middle of a quiet place bordered with restaurants and cafe noise is really ok (3rd floor and all the windows are with double glass) except the children bathroom, everything has been renovated in 2012	Ideally located in SoPi, a comfortable (112m2, floor, lift) and luminous flat, perfect for a family. 1 parental suite, 2 large children rooms, 1 double bed (couch). Nice location on a place with trees, close to Montmartre, Opera and food shops. Lots of space in our appartment, living a lot living+dining room + kitchen totalizing more than 40 sq m. 12 windows in total, bringing light in every room perfect for a family, as there is 2 bed room for children. Additionnal extra bed in the living (convertible sofa) which is convenient for older children. Additionnal single matresses can also be installed in chil drooms for adults. Location is really unique as we are in a middle of a quiet place bordered with restaurants and cafe noise is really ok (3rd floor and all the windows are with double glass) except the children bathroom, everything has been renovated in 2012 Sheets and Towel washing machine and dryer completely equiped kitchen with family toaster, nespresso machine, and everything fo
5698		Grande chambre privative meublée avec balcon dans un appartement de 75m2 située dans un immeuble de standing. Localisation idéale, au pied du métro Richelieu Drouot.  En commun avec deux autres personnes : cuisine équipée, salle de bain et WC.
5699	Spacious apartment close to center of Paris. The neighborhood is lively, safe and located in the trendy area of South Pigalle. You can see the Moulin Rouge and Montmartre from the building. Cool new restaurants, bars and theatres are opening up each month -- Le Mansart, Le Carmen, Bus Palladium, Hotel l'Amour, etc. Few minutes walk from the famous Rue des Martyrs, with fresh French croissants, cheese and meats.  Bedroom is furnished with lots of space and  privacy. Wifi included. One enormous living room, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen (w/oven and clothes washing machine) are shared. Must be OK with an adorable grey cat. The apartment is located close to the best of Paris: - Cabaret Le Moulin Rouge: 2 mins (walk)  - Metro Pigalle / Blanche: 1 block : 2 mins (walk)  - Heart Montmartre: less than 10 mins (walk)  - Opera Garnier: 15 mins (walk)  - Main shopping centers (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps): 10 mins (walk)…  - Louvre Museum: 15 mins (metro)  - Champs Elysées : 10 mins (metr	Spacious apartment close to center of Paris. The neighborhood is lively, safe and located in the trendy area of South Pigalle. You can see the Moulin Rouge and Montmartre from the building. Cool new restaurants, bars and theatres are opening up each month -- Le Mansart, Le Carmen, Bus Palladium, Hotel l'Amour, etc. Few minutes walk from the famous Rue des Martyrs, with fresh French croissants, cheese and meats.  Bedroom is furnished with lots of space and  privacy. Wifi included. One enormous living room, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen (w/oven and clothes washing machine) are shared. Must be OK with an adorable grey cat. The apartment is located close to the best of Paris: - Cabaret Le Moulin Rouge: 2 mins (walk)  - Metro Pigalle / Blanche: 1 block : 2 mins (walk)  - Heart Montmartre: less than 10 mins (walk)  - Opera Garnier: 15 mins (walk)  - Main shopping centers (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps): 10 mins (walk)…  - Louvre Museum: 15 mins (metro)  - Champs Elysées : 10 mins (metr
