6900		Equipé d'un cli-clac (avec matelas de qualité), pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Coin cuisine avec plaques induction, combiné four/micro-onde, réfrigérateur avec compartiment glace. Proche de Montmartre. (le chat n'est pas loué avec l'appartement)
6901	Six big windows for this nice, bright and calm apartment with view on Eiffel Tower, at the fourth floor of an ancient building.  The bedroom is spacious and essential; the bathroom (access from the bedroom) is simple and functional; the toilet room is a separated from the bathroom and has the access from the living, through another small room with hand washer and mirror. The living has very comfortable sofas and a sofa bed for two people; the dining table can fit four people and is very close to the cooking area; the kitchen is separated, particularly well-furnished and big for apartments of this size. Between the bedroom and the living, a very useful and spacious dressing makes life in this apartment extremely easy and comfortable…  A big TV , internet wi fi, washing machine, dish washer will complete your “easy life flat” in Paris.	Six big windows for this nice, bright and calm apartment with view on Eiffel Tower, at the fourth floor of an ancient building.  The bedroom is spacious and essential; the bathroom (access from the bedroom) is simple and functional; the toilet room is a separated from the bathroom and has the access from the living, through another small room with hand washer and mirror. The living has very comfortable sofas and a sofa bed for two people; the dining table can fit four people and is very close to the cooking area; the kitchen is separated, particularly well-furnished and big for apartments of this size. Between the bedroom and the living, a very useful and spacious dressing makes life in this apartment extremely easy and comfortable…  A big TV , internet wi fi, washing machine, dish washer will complete your “easy life flat” in Paris.
6902		Very close to the Rue des Martyrs, lovely 2 rooms Appartment in a private street. Very quiet street in the heart of Paris ! Close to historic places : 10 min walk to : Sacré Coeur, Montmartre 15 min walk to : Opéra Garnier, Le Marais
6903	Two spacious double rooms in a private space within a big apartment. Guests and host are sharing the kitchen as I am living in the apartment. 	Romantic and spacious bed and breakfast within walking distance of Montmartre, Opéra and St Lazare train station. Located on the top floor of a quiet Hausmanian building.  2 double bed rooms, 1 bathroom. Toddler bed available.  Two spacious double rooms in a private space within a big apartment. Guests and host are sharing the kitchen as I am living in the apartment. Private living area. Walking distance of Montmartre, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, musée de la Vie Romantique Closest tube stations (5 minutes walk): Liege, Place de Clichy, Gare St Lazare Buses (phone number hidden) euros is the price per room per night, breakfast included. 
6904	Reported to the Mayor of Paris, approved by the Office of Tourism and Hôtes Qualité Paris. Nestled in a leafy courtyard, quiet, in a typical Parisian building offers the charm of this bed and breakfast in refinement and hospitality oriented welfare. Ideally located between Montmartre, the Opera Lafayette department stores, very close to Pigalle, Drouot, desThéâtres, Museums ... You will be warmly welcomed by Anu. This room is ideal for both a holiday in Paris, a weekend getaway or a business trip as it is also equipped with a wardrobe, a desk, Mac cable, Free Wifi broadband, a bag to walk or computer ... Facilities Hairdryer, umbrellas, plans, slippers, map of Paris, guides ...). It is particularly suited to people in a good mood and careful, loving calm, discretion and refinement. Rental of the night gives you the right to use: - The room is equipped with a double bed 140cm for 2 people, a desk, 2 chairs, 2 bedside tables, 2 lamps, 1 wardrobe with hangers dressing, water jug, glasses.	Accredited by the City of Paris, in the center, a bed & breakfast in peace! A foot 12mn Opera, department stores, 20 minutes from Montmartre, 25 minutes from the Louvre, near museums, theaters ... Direct in Roissy bus, Near all stations ... Reported to the Mayor of Paris, approved by the Office of Tourism and Hôtes Qualité Paris. Nestled in a leafy courtyard, quiet, in a typical Parisian building offers the charm of this bed and breakfast in refinement and hospitality oriented welfare. Ideally located between Montmartre, the Opera Lafayette department stores, very close to Pigalle, Drouot, desThéâtres, Museums ... You will be warmly welcomed by Anu. This room is ideal for both a holiday in Paris, a weekend getaway or a business trip as it is also equipped with a wardrobe, a desk, Mac cable, Free Wifi broadband, a bag to walk or computer ... Facilities Hairdryer, umbrellas, plans, slippers, map of Paris, guides ...). It is particularly suited to people in a good mood and careful, loving
6905	Cet appartement lumineux et très calme, est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur (petits étages). Il est composé :  - d’une entrée avec des WC indépendants  - d’une grande cuisine américaine ouverte avec    tabourets. Elle dispose de tous les équipements      modernes et nécessaires pour cuisiner: réfrigérateur,  plaque halogène 4 feux, four à chaleur tournante, four à micro-ondes, blender, toaster, cafetière Nespresso et un lave-vaisselle.  - Un coin repas  - Un salon très cosy avec canapés, Hifi, TV câblée, lecteur DVD et accès Wifi. - Une chambre donnant sur cour, avec un lit 2    places.      Couette et draps fournis.  - Un grand dressing. Aspirateur et fer à repasser à    disposition.  - Une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver.  Serviettes fournies.  - Un balcon filant avec une petite table et 2 chaises.  ______________________________________________ Located close to a quiet and charming place, it’s hard to believe that this flat is only a 5-minute walk from the frantic	Ce très bel appartement totalement refait, situé au 5ème étage, bénéficie d'une exposition plein sud qui lui confère une clarté absolue et une magnifique vue dégagée. Parfaitement équipé, il vous séduira grâce à son cachet et son calme absolu ! Cet appartement lumineux et très calme, est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur (petits étages). Il est composé :  - d’une entrée avec des WC indépendants  - d’une grande cuisine américaine ouverte avec    tabourets. Elle dispose de tous les équipements      modernes et nécessaires pour cuisiner: réfrigérateur,  plaque halogène 4 feux, four à chaleur tournante, four à micro-ondes, blender, toaster, cafetière Nespresso et un lave-vaisselle.  - Un coin repas  - Un salon très cosy avec canapés, Hifi, TV câblée, lecteur DVD et accès Wifi. - Une chambre donnant sur cour, avec un lit 2    places.      Couette et draps fournis.  - Un grand dressing. Aspirateur et fer à repasser à    disposition.  - Une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver.  S
6906	Depuis cet appartement très agréable à vivre, vous pourrez visiter à pied de très nombreux quartiers et monuments parisiens !	Depuis cet appartement très agréable à vivre, vous pourrez visiter à pied de très nombreux quartiers et monuments parisiens ! Tout l'appartement est mis à disposition Je suis disponible par mail, sms et téléphone pour tout renseignement. Situé dans une rue calme, l'appartement est à deux pas de la très animée rue des Martyrs, avec ses boutiques et ses commerces de bouche raffinés : le meilleur de la gastronomie française! Trois stations de métro : Notre Dame de Lorette, Cadet, Anvers. Trois stations de vélib à moins de 200 mètres 6 arrêts d'autobus 2 stations d'Autolib
6907	"This 60 sqm Duplex, modern and charming artist appartment will bring you right into a pure parisian vibe with plenty of typical small businesses, shops, restaurants and typical french cafés.  Greatly located near the most famous monuments (Moulin rouge/ Sacré Coeur few minutes by walk) . You're also located in the Area of Pigalle and all the tourist things to do. On the last floor of the bulding, from the room you have a magical view of the ""Sacré Coeur"", perfect for a romantic week end also...  Once used as a painter studio, the place is now ideal for a couple, one person  (maximum of 3 with the sofa bed: better for a child) There's also a bed for babies (no extra charges for babies or child).  It will offer you a great time to discover Paris and a great deal of books, movies, music instruments, and magazines to chill in a pretty unique apartment. Transportation:  1 min walk from Pigalle station and buses will bring you anywhere in the capital.  Quartier de la nuit, Pigalle s'est tran"	"This 60 sqm Duplex, modern and charming artist appartment will bring you right into a pure parisian vibe with plenty of typical small businesses, shops, restaurants and typical french cafés.  Greatly located near the most famous monuments (Moulin rouge/ Sacré Coeur few minutes by walk) . You're also located in the Area of Pigalle and all the tourist things to do. On the last floor of the bulding, from the room you have a magical view of the ""Sacré Coeur"", perfect for a romantic week end also...  Once used as a painter studio, the place is now ideal for a couple, one person  (maximum of 3 with the sofa bed: better for a child) There's also a bed for babies (no extra charges for babies or child).  It will offer you a great time to discover Paris and a great deal of books, movies, music instruments, and magazines to chill in a pretty unique apartment. Transportation:  1 min walk from Pigalle station and buses will bring you anywhere in the capital.  Quartier de la nuit, Pigalle s'est tran"
6908	This 85 sqm apartment is located on the border of the 8th  and 9th arrondissements. Very secured and equipped with a lift, it's a typical parisian apartment dating of the 19th century. The lift or the stairs will take you right to this beautiful apartment. The newly refurbished kitchen, located just off of the entrance, is fully equipped with modern, stainless steel appliances and in particular a dish washer and a dryer. The living room contains a sofa, arm chairs, and a cable television.  The two bedrooms are located to the left of the living room. One has two twin beds, the other, a queen-sized bed. There are two modern bathrooms, one with a shower, and one with a bathtub. Both also have toilets and large porcelain sinks.  The top-floor views are truly splendid, and let in lots of light. Each window in the living room and bedrooms also opens up to a small balcony. 	This bright, sunny, air-conditioned apartment is located on the border of the 8th  and 9th arrondissements. Calm and cozy, it is on the top floor of the building,  meaning that it remains silent.  This 85 sqm apartment is located on the border of the 8th  and 9th arrondissements. Very secured and equipped with a lift, it's a typical parisian apartment dating of the 19th century. The lift or the stairs will take you right to this beautiful apartment. The newly refurbished kitchen, located just off of the entrance, is fully equipped with modern, stainless steel appliances and in particular a dish washer and a dryer. The living room contains a sofa, arm chairs, and a cable television.  The two bedrooms are located to the left of the living room. One has two twin beds, the other, a queen-sized bed. There are two modern bathrooms, one with a shower, and one with a bathtub. Both also have toilets and large porcelain sinks.  The top-floor views are truly splendid, and let in lots of light. Ea
6909	Entièrement équipé, jolie vue sur la Sacré-Coeur. A proximité de toutes les commodités. Digicode, métros au pied de l'immeuble. Salle de bain et kitchenette séparées. Ustensiles et vaisselle. Machine à laver et lave-linge. Balconnet appréciable en été. Parquet massif. 	Charmant studio entièrement équipé de 28m2 placé en plein coeur de Paris à proximité du quartier de l'Opéra. Agréable, bien desservi et situé dans un quartier sûr du très prisé 9ème arrondissement. Entièrement équipé, jolie vue sur la Sacré-Coeur. A proximité de toutes les commodités. Digicode, métros au pied de l'immeuble. Salle de bain et kitchenette séparées. Ustensiles et vaisselle. Machine à laver et lave-linge. Balconnet appréciable en été. Parquet massif. Wifi. Chauffage. Gardien présent du lundi au samedi matin.
6910	spacefull and typical parisian flat with a refined decoration, in the heart of Paris the living romm is 55m² with a little balcony 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms and a brand new kitchen	spacefull and typical parisian flat in the heart of Paris spacefull and typical parisian flat with a refined decoration, in the heart of Paris the living romm is 55m² with a little balcony 3 rooms, 2 bathrooms and a brand new kitchen
6911	Le studio est charmante mais pas grand.                        Студия маленькая, но функциональная. 	Je partage mon charmant studio avec une femme au quartier touristique de Paris . Одно место для женщины в студиии,  в  истинно парижском стиле,  в центре, между Мулен Руж и Оперой, в буржуазном доме с лифтом. Je parle français, russe Le studio est charmante mais pas grand.                        Студия маленькая, но функциональная. Tout est prés,  Moulin Rouge, Opéra,  Grands Magasins,  Montmartre , ex..; ex....Restaurants, brasseries, bars, théâtre, salles de concertes..... boulangeries, supermarchés.... Metro la plus proche la ligne 2, station Blanche.
6912	It is a very functional studio. In the living room, a double comfortable bed with the possibility of accommodating a 3rd person on an extra mattress. The separate kitchen is very large with every comfort. There is a large table for good diner. The bathroom is also large and very cozy. 	    Hello, Here is a typical Parisian apartment with a beautiful view of the city skyline. Cozy and functional, it is perfect for couples or two friends! Very quiet apartment.    It is a very functional studio. In the living room, a double comfortable bed with the possibility of accommodating a 3rd person on an extra mattress. The separate kitchen is very large with every comfort. There is a large table for good diner. The bathroom is also large and very cozy.  NOTICE TO ATHLETES! This apartment is perched on the 7th floor with no lift !! Do not be discouraged, the stairs are not that hard, once on top you will feel at home in a real cozy nest. I would be happy to tell you on all the cool places in Paris! I speak English fluently.
6913	studio de 30 m2 situé au rez de chaussé, convenable pour un couple, possibilité de loger une 3ème personne. dispose d'un coin chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit convertible pour 1 personne. Il y a également une cuis	Studio près du métro Saint Géorges Studio exceptionnel de 30 m2 sur cour, très calme. 1 coin chambre avec lit double pour deux personnes : idéal pour les couples + une 3 ème personne sur la canapé lit.  Place Saint Georges, rue des Martyrs, Montmartre, Sacré-Cœur, Pigalle, Opéra, Louvre studio de 30 m2 situé au rez de chaussé, convenable pour un couple, possibilité de loger une 3ème personne. dispose d'un coin chambre avec lit double et un canapé lit convertible pour 1 personne. Il y a également une cuis Nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. Place Saint Georges / Rue des Martyrs  Paris 9 : Opera / Pigalle / Montmartre  Le 9ème arrondissement est l'un des quartiers les plus agréables et branchés de Paris. Les bonnes adresses sont innombrables, tant pour la restauration et les sorties que pour le shopping. À distance à pieds : Place Saint Georges, rue des Martyrs, Notre Dames de Lorette, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Louvre, Palais Royal, Pigalle, Abbesses, Montmartre... Idéal pour l
6914	2-room apartment with 1 bedroom, located in the heart of Montmartre. This 40 sqm apt with all amenities is located on the 2nd floor of a nice parisian building in a quiet yard, in a great location.  Metros Abbesses, Pigalle and Anvers are less than a 3 minute-walk.  The neigbourhood is very dynamic (Sacré Cœur,  Le Moulin Rouge and much more).  There are plenty of good restaurants, bars and great shops around. This is a fully equipped appt with a queen size bed in the bedroom and a sofa-bed for 2 people in the living room (TV, wifi). You will find a dish-washer, a washing machine, a microwaves and an oven in the kitchen.  Sheets and bath towels provided.	2-room apartment  located in the heart of Montmartre, really close to great places such as The Sacre Coeur and Le Moulin Rouge. Great and safe neigbourhood! 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom, located in the heart of Montmartre. This 40 sqm apt with all amenities is located on the 2nd floor of a nice parisian building in a quiet yard, in a great location.  Metros Abbesses, Pigalle and Anvers are less than a 3 minute-walk.  The neigbourhood is very dynamic (Sacré Cœur,  Le Moulin Rouge and much more).  There are plenty of good restaurants, bars and great shops around. This is a fully equipped appt with a queen size bed in the bedroom and a sofa-bed for 2 people in the living room (TV, wifi). You will find a dish-washer, a washing machine, a microwaves and an oven in the kitchen.  Sheets and bath towels provided.
6915	Très bien situé, lumineux et très agréable. Logement situé dans une magnifique cours intérieur. Proche de tout commerce: boulangerie, carrefour market, café... et transport.	Très bien situé, lumineux et très agréable. Logement situé dans une magnifique cours intérieur. Proche de tout commerce: boulangerie, carrefour market, café... et transport. It's your flat, make yourself confortable and feel home.. I can help you to make your stay better and better.. Je pense que c'est le quartier le plus sympa de Paris!  Be carreful there is too much good things to eat ;-)  I think it's the place to be! Metro Ligne 12 : Notre Dame de Lorette Metro Ligne 7 : Le Peletier Départ de Gare de Lyon : Prendre le métro ligne 14 (direction Saint-lazare) jusqu'à Madelaine, puis prendre le métro ligne 12 (direction Porte de la chapelle) jusqu'à Notre Dame de Lorette
6916	I offer my apartment located on the 6th floor with an elevator. It is a Duplex of 25m2+10m2: composed of a small kitchen with hotplates and oven. A bathroom with bathtube and sink. Also, private wifi. There is 1 double bed and 1 sofa My sister or I will try to welcome each one of you every time to show you around. My neighborhood is the BEST place for shopping, between les Galeries Lafayettes and Le Printemps (the 2 biggest shop in paris) you have to find what you need. From the apartment, you have many ways to move in and out of Paris : - first bikes and autolib  - but also many metros with key stations at less than 10 minutes walk (Opéra, Saint Lazare, Havre Caumartin and Auber) - finally the train station Gare Saint Lazare is at 10 minutes walk from the apartment	I offer my apartment located on the 6th floor with an elevator. It is a Duplex of 25m2+10m2: composed of a small kitchen with hotplates and oven. A bathroom with bathtube and sink. Also, private wifi. There is 1 double bed and 1 sofa My sister or I will try to welcome each one of you every time to show you around. My neighborhood is the BEST place for shopping, between les Galeries Lafayettes and Le Printemps (the 2 biggest shop in paris) you have to find what you need. From the apartment, you have many ways to move in and out of Paris : - first bikes and autolib  - but also many metros with key stations at less than 10 minutes walk (Opéra, Saint Lazare, Havre Caumartin and Auber) - finally the train station Gare Saint Lazare is at 10 minutes walk from the apartment
6917	Appartement de 40 m2, situé au 6ème étage dans un immeuble sans ascenseur traditionnel et charmant.  Vous aurez tout l'appartement, (ce n'est pas un appartement partagé). L’appartement possède 1 chambre, un salon (avec un canapé lit), une cuisine une SDB avec les toilettes séparées.  L'appartement est accueillant et chaleureux.  Il y a le wifi, la télévision, un lit double dans la chambre principale et un canapé lit deux places dans le salon (draps et serviettes inclus). La cuisine est très bien équipée, une cuisinière avec un four, 4 plaques vitro, un micro-ondes et tous les ustensiles pour préparer de bons plats.  L’appartement est situé au plein cœur de Paris, sur les Grands Boulevards, quartier animé : -À côté de métro de Grands Boulevards, Cadet, Notre Dame de Lorette, (ligne 8, 9, 7, 12),  -de nombreux arrêts de bus -et plusieurs stations Velib (vélos de la part de communes autour de Paris).  Autour de votre futur lieu, vous trouverez:  -De nombreuses brasseries / restaurants fra	Ce charmant 2 pièces, lumineux et calme peut accueillir 4 personnes. Il est situé au dernier étage et offre une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. A deux pas des commerces, métros et bus, il sera le pied à terre idéal pour vos séjours à Paris. Appartement de 40 m2, situé au 6ème étage dans un immeuble sans ascenseur traditionnel et charmant.  Vous aurez tout l'appartement, (ce n'est pas un appartement partagé). L’appartement possède 1 chambre, un salon (avec un canapé lit), une cuisine une SDB avec les toilettes séparées.  L'appartement est accueillant et chaleureux.  Il y a le wifi, la télévision, un lit double dans la chambre principale et un canapé lit deux places dans le salon (draps et serviettes inclus). La cuisine est très bien équipée, une cuisinière avec un four, 4 plaques vitro, un micro-ondes et tous les ustensiles pour préparer de bons plats.  L’appartement est situé au plein cœur de Paris, sur les Grands Boulevards, quartier animé : -À côté de métro de Grands Boulevards, 
6918	Our 56 square metres flat is located in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Pigalle and the Opera Garnier. We are located 50 meters from Saint Georges subway station and 1 minute from Notre Dame de Lorette. Our flat is in a quiet street but just near the life and animation of rue des Martyrs.  The area is full of bars, restaurants, markets, fishmonger's, butcher's, wine shops... Equipment: WIFI, laundry, dishwasher, fridge, oven... If you have any question, feel free to ask! During your stay, we will leave you the entire flat with bed sheets and bath towels. We also propose an additional mattress for a third person. We would be pleased to see you their! Jean & Jeanne	Our 56 square metres flat is located in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Pigalle and the Opera Garnier. We are located 50 meters from Saint Georges subway station and 1 minute from Notre Dame de Lorette. Our flat is in a quiet street but just near the life and animation of rue des Martyrs.  The area is full of bars, restaurants, markets, fishmonger's, butcher's, wine shops... Equipment: WIFI, laundry, dishwasher, fridge, oven... If you have any question, feel free to ask! During your stay, we will leave you the entire flat with bed sheets and bath towels. We also propose an additional mattress for a third person. We would be pleased to see you their! Jean & Jeanne
6919	Appartement lumineux et spacieux très agréable à vivre au rez de chaussée d'un bel immeuble haussmannien.  L'entrée est équipée d'un coin bureau et donne sur un grand salon composé d'un coin table basse/canapé et d'une partie salle à manger.  Le salon est décoré dans un style industriel avec des chaises d'écoliers, petite trouvaille du grenier, une presse ayant appartenu à mon grand père et des meubles en bois et métal. Quelques tableaux réalisés par des proches sont également exposés. Jolie cheminée décorative dans la chambre Le canapé convertible peut permettre d'accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes supplémentaires (sommier à lattes). Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Cuisine équipée (frigo, plaque de cuisson, petit four, bouilloire, machine à café, cuit vapeur...) Le salon et la chambre donnent sur une rue très calme avec de grandes fenêtres et la porte d'entrée donne sur une cour intérieure.	Très bel appartement Haussmannien de 50m2 plein de charme et confortable en plein cœur de Paris:  grande chambre (lit double) avec cheminée décorative, salon lumineux avec moulures et grand miroir, parquet au sol, 3m de hauteur sous plafond ... Appartement lumineux et spacieux très agréable à vivre au rez de chaussée d'un bel immeuble haussmannien.  L'entrée est équipée d'un coin bureau et donne sur un grand salon composé d'un coin table basse/canapé et d'une partie salle à manger.  Le salon est décoré dans un style industriel avec des chaises d'écoliers, petite trouvaille du grenier, une presse ayant appartenu à mon grand père et des meubles en bois et métal. Quelques tableaux réalisés par des proches sont également exposés. Jolie cheminée décorative dans la chambre Le canapé convertible peut permettre d'accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes supplémentaires (sommier à lattes). Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Cuisine équipée (frigo, plaque de cuisson, petit four, bouilloire, 
6920	Salle de bain douche/baignoire. 2 wc Pas de salon mais des grandes chambres privées Belle cuisine qui fait aussi lieu de vie	Chambre dans colocation. Ambiance amicale et décontractée mais intimité et calme respecté. L'appart fait en tout 100m2, les chambres font 14m2. Le prix est par chambre (possibilité de venir à plusieurs par chambre si vous voulez). Salle de bain douche/baignoire. 2 wc Pas de salon mais des grandes chambres privées Belle cuisine qui fait aussi lieu de vie Accès à toutes les parties sauf les chambres des autres ;-) Possibilité d'échanger sur les activités parisiennes, et peut être de faire des sorties ensembles en fonction des emploi du temps. Quartier très central (gare du nord). Métros : Gare du nord à 5mn à pied (lignes 4, 5, RER B, D et E) Barbès à 5mn à pied (ligne 2) Poissonnière à 3mn à pieds (ligne 7)
6921	La chambre est séparée du salon par deux portes coulissantes, mais nous veillons à ne pas rester dans le salon lorsque vous vous reposez pour ne pas vous déranger. Salle de bain : partagée. Non fumeur L'accueil se fait généralement à 19.00  (entre temps ils est possible de laisser ses bagages en consigne de gare) Le départ se fait généralement avant 11.00 AM	"4e étage - SANS ASCENSEUR ;-) Dans le quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes, pour les amateurs d'art et de calme,  CHAMBRE de 13 m2, lit de 160cm, Petit déjeuner inclus ; espace ""salle à manger"" mis à disposition jusqu'à 10h30 ;-) La chambre est séparée du salon par deux portes coulissantes, mais nous veillons à ne pas rester dans le salon lorsque vous vous reposez pour ne pas vous déranger. Salle de bain : partagée. Non fumeur L'accueil se fait généralement à 19.00  (entre temps ils est possible de laisser ses bagages en consigne de gare) Le départ se fait généralement avant 11.00 AM Espace salle à manger pendant le petit déjeuner (avant 10h30) Possibilité de privatiser l'espace : 30 euros /nuit Qui dit chambre d'hôte dit présence de l'habitant  :-) Je parle anglais couramment, un book avec les bonnes adresses du quartier est à votre disposition, fruit de 5 ans d'expérience de B&B. Petits musées insolites, petites places à l'esprit village, le tout au coeur de Paris, à 10 mn à pieds de l'Op"
6922	Vous pouvez préparer des repas , regarder la télévision. Trois lignes de métro a proximité vous permettent de traverser Paris sans frais.	Cet appartement est situé à deux pas des grands boulevards,lieu sympathique par ses restaurants,ses théâtres, ses cinémas. a cinq minutes de l'Opéra ,du Louvre,et de la Seine vous pouvez évoluer dans un quartier vivant et riches en diversités. Vous pouvez préparer des repas , regarder la télévision. Trois lignes de métro a proximité vous permettent de traverser Paris sans frais. entier Pour l'arrivée , merci de donner vos horaires afin que le rendez vous soit rapide. les horaires d'arrivée commencent à 15 heures. les horaires de départ se terminent a 12 heures   Si vous devez repartir tard dans la soirée prévoyez  une nuit complémentaire . central près des grands magasins et des monuments Navette de bus près de l'opéra desservant  l'aéroport de Roissy. RER A l’accès a l'immeuble est surveillé et des codes sont nécessaires pour entrer.
6923	This is a nice apartment (around 60m2), in Paris 10th area. It includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room with US kitchen, a bathroom (with wc).  Located on the 4th floor.	This is a nice apartment (around 60m2), in Paris 10th area. It includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room with US kitchen, a bathroom (with wc).  Located on the 4th floor. This is a nice apartment (around 60m2), in Paris 10th area. It includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room with US kitchen, a bathroom (with wc).  Located on the 4th floor. Guests will have access to the full apartment (except one closed room), it includes wifi access, a large US kitchen with : oven, micro wave, toaster, rice cooker, fruit mixer... You will be welcomed by a friend in Paris The 10th area is one of the most central area in Paris. 2mn walking distance to LES GRANDS BOULEVARDS (famous movie theaters like LE GRAND REX, MAX LINDER PANORAMA, le MUSEE GREVIN) // 10mn walking distance to LES HALLES, OPERA GARNIER (the famous GALERIES LAFAYETTE, movie theaters...). METRO ligne 8 and 9 = 2 mn walking distance from the apartment.
6924	Je vous propose une chambre en appartement dans un super quartier.  Vous aurez évidemment vos clefs pour faire ce que bon vous semble.  Le quartier est animé, touristique.  Les colocataires sont deux françaises très sympas.	    Bonjour à tous, Je sous-loue ma chambre dans une colocation. Idéal pour un long séjour. La chambre fait 18m2 environ. L'appartement se situe à Pigalle dans un quartier animé et très agréable à vivre. Bienvenue !    Je vous propose une chambre en appartement dans un super quartier.  Vous aurez évidemment vos clefs pour faire ce que bon vous semble.  Le quartier est animé, touristique.  Les colocataires sont deux françaises très sympas. Accès à tout ce qui fait partie de l'appartement. Il y a vraiment tout autour dont le sacré coeur à même pas 10 min à pied.  Opéra est à 15/20 min à pied.  Pigalle est super pour découvrir Paris !!! Métro Pigalle à 1 min.  Des bus partout.
6925	Orienté plein sud, avec deux balconnets  vue sur les toits et la Tour Eiffel, il est très pratique et confort pour un séjour à Paris. Belle salle de bain, lit double confort, étagères disponibles pour vos affaires, une cuisine avec plaques et micro-ondes, une table de salle à manger.	"Parfait studio en deux parties - très chaleureux, central, à côté de plusieurs lignes de métro. Exposé plein sud, 6° étage avec ascenseur dans très bel immeuble, il comporte deux balconnets parfaits avec vue sur les toits et la Tour Eiffel ! Orienté plein sud, avec deux balconnets  vue sur les toits et la Tour Eiffel, il est très pratique et confort pour un séjour à Paris. Belle salle de bain, lit double confort, étagères disponibles pour vos affaires, une cuisine avec plaques et micro-ondes, une table de salle à manger. Je reste à votre disposition pour vos donner les ""tips"" pour faire de votre séjour un très bon moment ! Très central, à côté de plusieurs lignes de métro (2,3, 13, 14) et de bus. "
6926	Studio sur cours calme / Quiet neigthborhood Agréable et bien décoré / Nice and decorated  Tout équipé / all accomodation Nespresso machine and coffee Appartement sécurisé ( double digicode) / Secure (double digicode)	Cute tipical parisian Studio in the center of Paris (South of Pigalle). Very nice place and confortable.  Perfect Location (montmartre area, moulin rouge, sacré coeur, opéra,  galerie lafayette. champs élysée and Louvres 10min) Studio sur cours calme / Quiet neigthborhood Agréable et bien décoré / Nice and decorated  Tout équipé / all accomodation Nespresso machine and coffee Appartement sécurisé ( double digicode) / Secure (double digicode) Logement entier whole apartment Je reste disponible par mail et par téléphone tout au long du séjour. I'm available by phone, mail, (website hidden). Quartier SOPI ( restaurants bar) Nombreux transports ( métro 2 / 7 / 12) / Many Métro near the studio Bus / Parking Vinci  15 min à pied de Gare du Nord @
6927	le petit déjeuner sera offert tout au long du séjour . une proposition de lavage et repassage du linge  moyennant  finance est propose .	Appartement Haussmannien 90 m2 meublé et équipé  3eme étage avec ascenseur et parking à proximité  Grand magasins ( Printemps, Galerie Lafayette, Opéra, théâtre Olympia et Edouard VII  Proche du métro ( 3min: lignes (phone number hidden) et RER  A et E le petit déjeuner sera offert tout au long du séjour . une proposition de lavage et repassage du linge  moyennant  finance est propose . L'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenseur et l'appartement est doté d'un accès wifi. La cuisine est équipée: réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vaisselle, four, plaques à induction, etc. Il y a même des livres de recettes ;-)  L'appartement est à proximité (-300m) de 3 grandes surfaces. Si nécessaire, vous pouvez également utiliser le lave linge et la table à repasser. Sauf imprévus , je ferai en sorte de vous accueillir personnellement et de prendre le temps de vous donner des informations sur le quartier, ou des conseils pour sortir au restaurant ou boire un verre dans Paris dans des endroits insolites. Mon 
6928	Quiet and cosy 2-room apartment of 30 m2 very close to Abbesses, to Pigalle and in 5 minutes of Montmartre - Bright and very quiet apartment harms her(it).  - Reads 2 places(squares) (1 other one reads 2 places(squares) of supplement is available) - Bathroom with bath - Fully-equipped kitchen - TV (with international chains(channels)) - VOD Canal + (Video On Demand with lot of series and movies) - Wi-Fi - Nice and quiet neighbors - Parisian style  I DON'T GIVE TOWELS, better for you to bring yours :)  The district:  Close to the Cathedral Montmartre and of the district of the Artists (Abbesses and Pigalle)  A lot of animation goshawks (restaurant, clubs, bars). Many bars and restaurants are opened all night long around.  Supermarket a few meters away from the apartment Authentic district of Paris At arrangement(measure): TV-Wifi-Plans and guides of Paris Welcome(Reception) in Englishman, Frenchman and Spaniard Access: in 3 min of the subways Pigalle and Abbesses (LINE 2 and LINE 12)	Quiet and cosy 2-room apartment of 30 m2 very close to Abbesses, to Pigalle and in 5 minutes of Montmartre - Bright and very quiet apartment harms her(it).  - Reads 2 places(squares) (1 other one reads 2 places(squares) of supplement is available) - Bathroom with bath - Fully-equipped kitchen - TV (with international chains(channels)) - VOD Canal + (Video On Demand with lot of series and movies) - Wi-Fi - Nice and quiet neighbors - Parisian style  I DON'T GIVE TOWELS, better for you to bring yours :)  The district:  Close to the Cathedral Montmartre and of the district of the Artists (Abbesses and Pigalle)  A lot of animation goshawks (restaurant, clubs, bars). Many bars and restaurants are opened all night long around.  Supermarket a few meters away from the apartment Authentic district of Paris At arrangement(measure): TV-Wifi-Plans and guides of Paris Welcome(Reception) in Englishman, Frenchman and Spaniard Access: in 3 min of the subways Pigalle and Abbesses (LINE 2 and LINE 12)
6929	Bonjour ! Welcome to my modern and adorable studio on the 6th floor of a 20th century building with elevator. It's spick and span, newly renovated in contemporary design. Located among Paris rooftops, enjoy a slice of the Eiffel tower and the Sacré Coeur for a view. The apartment is 290 sq. ft. (27m2) with a cozy double bed, a fully-equipped kitchen (dishwasher), a modern red table to enjoy your French petit-déjeuner and a deep French bathtub in a spotless bathroom !	Beautifully renovated 27sqm studio, located among Paris rooftops, enjoy a slice of the Eiffel tower and the Sacré Coeur for a view! Double bed, fully-equipped kitchen (dishwasher), deep French bathtub.  floor6 w/elevator Metro Place de Clichy (5min) Bonjour ! Welcome to my modern and adorable studio on the 6th floor of a 20th century building with elevator. It's spick and span, newly renovated in contemporary design. Located among Paris rooftops, enjoy a slice of the Eiffel tower and the Sacré Coeur for a view. The apartment is 290 sq. ft. (27m2) with a cozy double bed, a fully-equipped kitchen (dishwasher), a modern red table to enjoy your French petit-déjeuner and a deep French bathtub in a spotless bathroom ! This clean and functional flat has everything you need to have a great stay: - Comfortable double bed overlooking Paris rooftops - Dining area with modern kitchen table and seats - Nice bathroom with extra large tub, towels, cleaning supplies (shampoo, shower gel...) at your di
6930	Perfect place for two peoples, calm apartment in a old typical parisian building. Close form cultural, historical and famous spots but also great place to hang out and enjoy nightlife.	"Very nice and warm apartment, great neighborhood. Only 500 meters from the Subway, and 10 minutes walk from Opera (the ""Grands Magasins""). 5 minutes walk from the Moulin Rouge. 39 square meters, well equiped, 4th floor.  Perfect place for two peoples, calm apartment in a old typical parisian building. Close form cultural, historical and famous spots but also great place to hang out and enjoy nightlife. Full housing,WIFI internet, tv, washing machine. I won't be living in the apartment but I live 5 minutes walking from it, so I will be here if you need any advices. The 9th borough is close from every famous spots of Paris such as the Musée du Louvre, the Sacré Coeur , the Grands Boulevards, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. Subway station Saint-Georges (Line12) is 500 meters from the apartment, Pigalle (line 12 and 2) is 4 minutes walk. If you prefer you can take the bus 74, 67 or 43 each around the corner.  If you need me for anything I'm available, I live next to the apartment and I will "
6931		Charmant studio, pouvant accueillir deux personnes, typique de la ville ! Idéalement situé dans une rue calme et à deux pas du Sacré-Coeur et de Pigalle. Proche de tous commerces, ainsi que de stations de métro, bus, vélib' et autolib' !
6932	Located on the third floor with an elevator, this renovated apartment is a block away from Place Vendôme and the luxury shopping area,  walking distance from the Louvres Museum, the Tuileries Garden, the Champs Elysées and Place de la Madeleine. This 30 sq meters apartment consist of a living room with double couch sofa bed and a master bedroom with a queen size bed. The Kitchen is fully equipped with stove, oven and microwave, fridge, dishwasher, washer, dryer, Nespresso coffee machine. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils, unlimited high speed internet access, cable, flat TV screen. The building is located in the Golden triangle of Paris within a walking distance to the Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden.  It s also a very good and easy location for shopping as it s less than 5 minutes walking to Galeries Lafayette's and Printemps  shopping mall and 200 meters to Rue St Honore with all the luxury fashion stores You will find a metro station ( Opera	Located on the third floor with an elevator, this renovated apartment is a block away from Place Vendôme and the luxury shopping area,  walking distance from the Louvres Museum, the Tuileries Garden, the Champs Elysées and Place de la Madeleine. This 30 sq meters apartment consist of a living room with double couch sofa bed and a master bedroom with a queen size bed. The Kitchen is fully equipped with stove, oven and microwave, fridge, dishwasher, washer, dryer, Nespresso coffee machine. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen ustensils, unlimited high speed internet access, cable, flat TV screen. The building is located in the Golden triangle of Paris within a walking distance to the Louvre Museum, Tuileries Garden.  It s also a very good and easy location for shopping as it s less than 5 minutes walking to Galeries Lafayette's and Printemps  shopping mall and 200 meters to Rue St Honore with all the luxury fashion stores You will find a metro station ( Opera
6933	Ce 4 pièces très calme, tout confort, est situé sur cour à deux pas de la rue des Martyrs. Il peut accueillir 5 personnes. Il possède un grand séjour et trois chambres. 2 chambres ont chacune un lit double et la 3è chambre d'enfant a un lit en 90. Accès à la totalité du logement. Je pourrais être présent à l'arrivée mais jamais pendant le séjour.  Appartement situé à 3 mn à pied de la place Saint-Georges ; à 5 mn de la rue commerçante des Martyrs ; proche de la butte Montmartre , des grands boulevards, de l'opéra Garnier . Stations de métro les plus proches : Notre-dame de Lorette ou Saint-Georges (ligne 12) Autres stations proches : Le peletier (ligne 7) ; Pigalle (ligne 2). Nombreuses lignes de bus. Proche de la gare Saint-Lazare (ligne 12) ; direct en métro (ligne 12) de la gare Montparnasse. Accès facile de la gare du nord ou de la gare de L'Est.   Durée minium du séjour 3 nuits	Cet appartement de 75 m2 possède 4 pièces un grand séjour et trois chambres. Il peut accueillir jusqu’à 5 personnes.  Il est calme, situé sur cour et à deux pas de la rue très commerçante des Martyrs et des métros. Ce 4 pièces très calme, tout confort, est situé sur cour à deux pas de la rue des Martyrs. Il peut accueillir 5 personnes. Il possède un grand séjour et trois chambres. 2 chambres ont chacune un lit double et la 3è chambre d'enfant a un lit en 90. Accès à la totalité du logement. Je pourrais être présent à l'arrivée mais jamais pendant le séjour.  Appartement situé à 3 mn à pied de la place Saint-Georges ; à 5 mn de la rue commerçante des Martyrs ; proche de la butte Montmartre , des grands boulevards, de l'opéra Garnier . Stations de métro les plus proches : Notre-dame de Lorette ou Saint-Georges (ligne 12) Autres stations proches : Le peletier (ligne 7) ; Pigalle (ligne 2). Nombreuses lignes de bus. Proche de la gare Saint-Lazare (ligne 12) ; direct en métro (ligne 12) de 
6934	Sunny fully-furnished 4 rooms, 2-bedrooms, 2 bathrooms flat in Paris 18th arrondissement. Available for short-term (min stay 4 days) or long-term rental.  The apartment is on 5th floor with elevator Ideal for a couple plus childrens or two couples, 4 adults or 2 adults plus 3 children maximum. The flat is 100m2 and includes : - a large entrance - a bedroom equipped with a double bed. with a bathroom with toilets and bath - a bedroom eqquped with a double bed ( a children bed can be added). with it's shower room. - a double living room  - a large fully equiped kitchen with dinning space for 6 - the sofa in the living room can eventually accomodate an extra guest as it have the size of a regular one person bed. - children bed upon request. - broadband internet, wifi, cable TV including over 400 channels, dvd/blu-ray player, free phone to most landlines in the world. - videoprojector The flat faces South, East, West and North and is thus sunny all day long ! The flat is on the 5th floor (	Sunny fully-furnished 4 rooms, 2-bedrooms, 2 bathrooms flat in Paris 18th arrondissement. Available for short-term (min stay 4 days) or long-term rental.  The apartment is on 5th floor with elevator Ideal for a couple plus childrens or two couples, 4 adults or 2 adults plus 3 children maximum. The flat is 100m2 and includes : - a large entrance - a bedroom equipped with a double bed. with a bathroom with toilets and bath - a bedroom eqquped with a double bed ( a children bed can be added). with it's shower room. - a double living room  - a large fully equiped kitchen with dinning space for 6 - the sofa in the living room can eventually accomodate an extra guest as it have the size of a regular one person bed. - children bed upon request. - broadband internet, wifi, cable TV including over 400 channels, dvd/blu-ray player, free phone to most landlines in the world. - videoprojector The flat faces South, East, West and North and is thus sunny all day long ! The flat is on the 5th floor (
6935		典型的なパリのアパートの部屋
6936	Ce studio, situé rue Richer dans le quartier trendy de Sopi (South Pigalle), de 25m2 est idéal pour accueillir deux personnes qui souhaitent découvrir Paris. Il est parfaitement situé au croisement des meilleurs quartiers de Paris : Grands Boulevards, les Grands Magasins, Pigalle, Montmartre et Strasbourg Saint Denis.  L’appartement est très bien desservi par quatre lignes de métro et vous permettent de visiter tout Paris : Ligne 9,8,7 et 12. Le quartier très vivant avec des théâtres, cinémas, bars et restaurants.  L’appartement se compose d’un canapé lit, d’une salle de bain avec baignoire, d’un espace cuisine et d'un balcon. Il est tout équipé avec une télévision, internet, four, machine à café, etc.  This studio is located in the trendy (Rue Richer) neighborhood Sopi ( South Pigalle ) , 25m2 is ideal to accommodate two people who wish to discover Paris. It is perfectly located at the intersection of the best districts in Paris Grands Boulevards, Grands Magasins, Pigalle, Montmartre.	Studio of 25m2 located in the heart of Paris, near the Grands Magasins, Folie Bergère and Montmattre. 
6937	We will be pleased to welcome our guests in a Parisian charming and quiet 3 rooms. Ideally located 2 min from the Sacré Coeur in the historical Montmartre neighbourhood, the flat is at 50 meters from metro stations and close to all shops, supermarket, restaurants, etc... Very comfortable, clean and facing a quiet courtyard on the first floor, the apartment is recently refurbished in a contemporary style in a 19th century building with a caretaker.	Ideally situated in Montmartre, the flat is very confortable, clean and facing a quiet courtyard. Close to metro, supermarket, restaurants etc...Galeries Lafayette and Opéra at 15 min. Can host up to 4 guests. Perfect for couples, friends or family. We will be pleased to welcome our guests in a Parisian charming and quiet 3 rooms. Ideally located 2 min from the Sacré Coeur in the historical Montmartre neighbourhood, the flat is at 50 meters from metro stations and close to all shops, supermarket, restaurants, etc... Very comfortable, clean and facing a quiet courtyard on the first floor, the apartment is recently refurbished in a contemporary style in a 19th century building with a caretaker. Living room with diner table, library, sofa, home cinema system with TV (Canal + and international channels included), DVD player, PlayStation 3. Fully equipped kitchen : oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, kettle, fridge, freezer, washing drying machine, etc... 1 bedroom with Queen-size bed. 1 bedroo
6938	This 30m2  apartment is ideal for 1 or 2 persons. It includes a bedroom, kitchen-living room and a bathroom. It is on the first floor and both windows look out on La Cour Saint Hilaire, a private courtyard, with trees, in the heart of the 9th arrondissement. Entirely equipped : washing machine, dishwasher, electric stove, microwave oven, internet and TV. Two single sofa beds which can be a double. Sheets and towels supplied.	This 30m2  apartment is ideal for 1 or 2 persons. It includes a bedroom, kitchen-living room and a bathroom. It is on the first floor and both windows look out on La Cour Saint Hilaire, a private courtyard, with trees, in the heart of the 9th arrondissement. Entirely equipped : washing machine, dishwasher, electric stove, microwave oven, internet and TV. Two single sofa beds which can be a double. Sheets and towels supplied. Nearby are 3 metro lines : Cadet on line 7, Notre Dame de Lorette on line 12, Anvers on line 2 and 7 bus lines: (phone number hidden). At the foot of Montmartre, within walking distance of department stores, the Palais Royal and the Opera.
6939	CENTRALLY LOCATED NEXT TO OPERA AND GALLERIES LAFAYETTE  A luxurious, beautiful, bright, very spacious apartment (70m2 / 700 sq.feet) with a very big living room, a separate bedroom, a small kitchen and a balcony, in a very central and safe area. The flat has very high ceilings, ancient mirrors and moldings, big French-windows and creates a unique sense of French old style apartments for nobles. The flat is newly renovated and the building was renovated in 2012.  SPACE DESCRIPTION The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom (queen size bed) and the living room has a convertible mattress. The living room and the bed room have each two big windows and the apartment is very bright.  Equipment includes:  - free high speed internet/wi-fi,  - hairdryer,   - kettle, toaster, coffee & nespresso machine,  - stove top & microwave oven, washing & drying machine, dishwasher, refrigerator with a freezer section  - iron & ironing board  - linens and towels are provided - they can 	A luxurious, beautiful, bright, very spacious apartment with a big living room and a separate bedroom. Located just next to Galleries Lafayette and Opera, it is a perfect location to discover Paris by foot. CENTRALLY LOCATED NEXT TO OPERA AND GALLERIES LAFAYETTE  A luxurious, beautiful, bright, very spacious apartment (70m2 / 700 sq.feet) with a very big living room, a separate bedroom, a small kitchen and a balcony, in a very central and safe area. The flat has very high ceilings, ancient mirrors and moldings, big French-windows and creates a unique sense of French old style apartments for nobles. The flat is newly renovated and the building was renovated in 2012.  SPACE DESCRIPTION The apartment sleeps very comfortably 2 persons in the bedroom (queen size bed) and the living room has a convertible mattress. The living room and the bed room have each two big windows and the apartment is very bright.  Equipment includes:  - free high speed internet/wi-fi,  - hairdryer,   - kettle, toas
6940	Haussmann apartment of 134m2 with a double living room , kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 WC	Typical Parisian apartment near metro and shops.  Many places accessible to visit walking. Haussmann apartment of 134m2 with a double living room , kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 WC Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are curious to meet people and make our guests enjoy the Paris from the inside . The apartment is located in the lively and vibrant Pigalle . Montmartre is a 10-minute walk Very close to Pigalle Metro serving lines 2 and 12. Many bus. All Paris is easily accessible. We are a family of 5, with my wife and our 3 kids: 14 , 12 and 4
6941		Cosy studio of 15m2 with lift in the heart of Pigalle. Balcony with a very nice view on the Sacré Cœur. Located close to clubs and bars and near the shops of the famous Rue des Martyrs. Very comfortable sofa bed for 2 persons.  
6942	My apartment is like an artist's atelier of 95m2 / 1200 SQF Street martyrs with a magnificent view of Paris from the living room, kitchen and bathroom.  It has a large living room with a balcony and plants, a kitchen and a large bedroom .  The bedroom has a king sized bed real , two large windows and a bathroom with bathtub and a window overlooking the city. Enjoy taking a bath and watch Paris .  A bed is also available in the living room, like a lounge and a second child's room can be available with single bed.  The elegant living room has a large canopy light and 2 large window providing light in the room, a balcony with plants and typical Parisian chairs.  A large screen cinema, a HIFI system , a table and chairs (perfect for dinner or work) living room is furnished with great elegance .  Enjoy the light and sun in the apartment all day.  You can certainly enjoy a real Parisian night , invite a couple of friends for dinner , watching the Eiffel Tower sparkling , listening to music o	This artist atelier with views of Paris, welcoming and cozy, is typical of Montmartre! It can comfortably accommodate three people and is centrally located in a quiet street, just five minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.  Its proximity to the main typical places of the capital on walk! My apartment is like an artist's atelier of 95m2 / 1200 SQF Street martyrs with a magnificent view of Paris from the living room, kitchen and bathroom.  It has a large living room with a balcony and plants, a kitchen and a large bedroom .  The bedroom has a king sized bed real , two large windows and a bathroom with bathtub and a window overlooking the city. Enjoy taking a bath and watch Paris .  A bed is also available in the living room, like a lounge and a second child's room can be available with single bed.  The elegant living room has a large canopy light and 2 large window providing light in the room, a balcony with plants and typical Parisian chairs.  A large screen cinema, a HIFI system , a table
6943	Très grand salon avec coin salle à manger. Piano et cheminée.	Très bel appartement situé entre la place de la Madeleine et le Printemps (8è ardt). 6è et dernier étage avec verrière et vue sur les toits de Paris et l'Opéra. Composé d'un grand salon avec cheminée, 2 suites et petits salons. Très grand salon avec coin salle à manger. Piano et cheminée. Très animé dans la journée et très calme le soir. 100 m du métro Madeleine.
6944		Our modern flat is a haven at the heart of the trendiest district in Paris Nice & spacious for 2 people with a sunny kitchen / living room + bedroom with small balcony (Note: additional bed possible with convertible sofa in living room but we recommend it for two people only!) South Pigalle (SoPi) is THE trendiest district in Paris right now. We love shopping for food at Rue des Martyrs (100m), going to nice restaurants on Place Toudouze (10m), walking around all the music / guitar shops in the area, and getting drinks in the cool bars around, finishing the night at the mythic Bus Palladium club (100m) Shopping : 15-mn walk from the Opera & Galeries Lafayettes Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge are only a 10-mn walk away Metro St Georges (line 12) and Pigalle (line 2) are 100m away Short walk also are lines 7 (Cadet) and 9 (Grands Boulevards) Many buses also take you everywhere in Paris Velib station at the bottom of the building (bikes for rent) If you arrive from airport and take the Ro
6945	Comfortable apartment on the 4th floor, set back from the street which can enjoy light and quiet. The kitchen is small but everything you need to run (hob, sink, mini-oven). The bathroom is equipped with a shower, sink and washing machine, separate toilet. 1 double bedroom and a separate living and dining room with a sliding door with double sofa bed. The living room has a beautiful wooden floors, a well-stocked library and a decorative fireplace. It is an ideal base for exploring Paris. The area is particularly pleasant restaurants and merchants nearby. From here, you are 20 minutes walk from the Musee Grevin, Printemps and Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, the Forum des Halles and 5 minutes from Montmartre. Several metro stations close to serving all the usual tourist points Wifi is included and available phone for landlines in many countries.	Privileged location for this bright and quiet apartment Comfortable apartment on the 4th floor, set back from the street which can enjoy light and quiet. The kitchen is small but everything you need to run (hob, sink, mini-oven). The bathroom is equipped with a shower, sink and washing machine, separate toilet. 1 double bedroom and a separate living and dining room with a sliding door with double sofa bed. The living room has a beautiful wooden floors, a well-stocked library and a decorative fireplace. It is an ideal base for exploring Paris. The area is particularly pleasant restaurants and merchants nearby. From here, you are 20 minutes walk from the Musee Grevin, Printemps and Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, the Forum des Halles and 5 minutes from Montmartre. Several metro stations close to serving all the usual tourist points Wifi is included and available phone for landlines in many countries.
6946	"Our 60m2 apartment has been entirely refurbished with an architect in 2013 : we have fully optimized the organization and distribution of the apartment so that no space is wasted. We have also set a very simple and minimalist decoration. Located on the 4th floor, it is pretty bright and not too hot in the summer. There are 3 rooms : (1) ""parent room"" offers a160x200 bed and a large cupboard (2) ""children room"" is the biggest, 2 can sleep in it and it comes with all children games, books, etc. (3) additional detached small room on the ""service"" floor with a 140x200 bed which is actually our guest room (watercloset on the floor, bathroom in the main appartement). Kitchen offers all the equipment you can expect from a modern one and is open on the dining-room which is build around a nice sailing boat style ""banquette""."	"Very central appartment, entirely refurbished in 2013 by an architect. Style is simple, functional, you will  instantanely feel good in this place. An important thing : it is so quiet that you'll forget you stay on Grand Boulevards!    Our 60m2 apartment has been entirely refurbished with an architect in 2013 : we have fully optimized the organization and distribution of the apartment so that no space is wasted. We have also set a very simple and minimalist decoration. Located on the 4th floor, it is pretty bright and not too hot in the summer. There are 3 rooms : (1) ""parent room"" offers a160x200 bed and a large cupboard (2) ""children room"" is the biggest, 2 can sleep in it and it comes with all children games, books, etc. (3) additional detached small room on the ""service"" floor with a 140x200 bed which is actually our guest room (watercloset on the floor, bathroom in the main appartement). Kitchen offers all the equipment you can expect from a modern one and is open on the dining-ro"
6947	This beautiful, high-ceiling, very calm apartment is a 6-floor walk up situated in an internal courtyard. Full of characters and original features, there is a wide living room area with an open fully equipped modern kitchen.  The apartment is conveniently located close to Gare du Nord where Eurostar arrives (5 minutes walking distance) in a very quiet street. It is around 500 square feet (47 m2). It can sleep two people in a sofa-bed downstairs and one or 2 people upstairs in a close mezzanine. It has a washing machine, a dishwasher, a HD television and internet access (unlimited wifi). It has sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and all you need to cook, including a kettle. The building is protected by 2 door codes	This beautiful, high-ceiling, very calm Paris apartment can sleep two people in a sofa-bed downstairs and two people upstairs in a closed mezzanine. It has a light and spacious living room with exposed beams and is located at the bottom of Montmartre This beautiful, high-ceiling, very calm apartment is a 6-floor walk up situated in an internal courtyard. Full of characters and original features, there is a wide living room area with an open fully equipped modern kitchen.  The apartment is conveniently located close to Gare du Nord where Eurostar arrives (5 minutes walking distance) in a very quiet street. It is around 500 square feet (47 m2). It can sleep two people in a sofa-bed downstairs and one or 2 people upstairs in a close mezzanine. It has a washing machine, a dishwasher, a HD television and internet access (unlimited wifi). It has sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and all you need to cook, including a kettle. The building is protected by 2 door codes Guests will have access to
6948	This adorable two rooms with an area of 30 m2 located on a busy shopping street in district offers the charm of a typical Parisian apartment. An 8-minute walk from Montmartre (metro Antwerp) of the Sacred Heart, and also Pigalle and many activities proposed in this area, this quiet apartment is ideal for Paris and go back to rest in peace at night. Located in a quote and first floor, the apartment is isolated from the street noise, day and night! Neat and cozy decor will welcome you pleasantly! Composition: kitchen, Living - Dining Room / 1 Bedroom / Bathroom - WC. Sleeping: 1 bed, mezzanine for two people and a mattress for guests. with room for installs, linen and towels included. Kitchen: 2 hotplates, fridge / freezer, toaster, washing machine, oven, iron and all the necessary amenities for a comfortable stay. WIFI Internet connection and electric heating. Metro: Anvers (linea 2) or Cadet (linea7) A 17 minute to Gare du Nord foot Carrefour and Franprix supermarket, pharmacy and boul	This adorable two rooms with an area of 30 m2 located on a busy shopping street in district offers the charm of a typical Parisian apartment. An 8-minute walk from Montmartre (metro Antwerp) of the Sacred Heart, and also Pigalle and many activities proposed in this area, this quiet apartment is ideal for Paris and go back to rest in peace at night. Located in a quote and first floor, the apartment is isolated from the street noise, day and night! Neat and cozy decor will welcome you pleasantly! Composition: kitchen, Living - Dining Room / 1 Bedroom / Bathroom - WC. Sleeping: 1 bed, mezzanine for two people and a mattress for guests. with room for installs, linen and towels included. Kitchen: 2 hotplates, fridge / freezer, toaster, washing machine, oven, iron and all the necessary amenities for a comfortable stay. WIFI Internet connection and electric heating. Metro: Anvers (linea 2) or Cadet (linea7) A 17 minute to Gare du Nord foot Carrefour and Franprix supermarket, pharmacy and boul
6949	L'appartement dispose dune chambre avec lit double, un salon agréable, avec un canapé permettant le couchage d'une personne, les toilettes séparées, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de douche, le tout fonctionnel et agréable.	Cosy, lumineux ce deux pièces de 40 m2 se situe à deux pas de Montmartre, du Moulin Rouge et proche de St Lazare. Au rez-de-chaussée, les fenêtres s'ouvrent sur une cour intérieure à l'abris du bruit. Desservie par les lignes de métro 12, 13 et 2. L'appartement dispose dune chambre avec lit double, un salon agréable, avec un canapé permettant le couchage d'une personne, les toilettes séparées, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de douche, le tout fonctionnel et agréable. Dans la mesure du possible j'essaie d'être présente pour la remise des clefs et le départ. Pour vous accueillir au mieux.
6950		My apt is a one bedroom and is perfectly located in Paris- 9th arr. It is in a walkable distance from Montmartre, Pigalle the Opera, the Galeries Lafayette,...The neighborhood is very parisian, plenty of restaurants and grocery shops. You'll like it!
6951	"""Haussmannien"" flat just refurbished, with modern furniture, high ceilings and wood flloor. It is on the 1st floor, quiet and bright, in a private street. There is a living room with a sofa bed for 2, flat TV screen, piano, a dining room with fully equipped kitchen (dish-washer, induction cooker, oven, micro-wave, everything to cook) a chic main room with a double bed, and second room with a sofa bed for 2 very comfortable, a bathroom with a bath tub and walk-in shower with multiple jets, independant WC and a laundry with a washing machine."	"Between classic parisian style and modern furniture, you will feel at home in this 75 m2 bright, calm and decorated with care. In 9th district, next to Opera Garnier, it is the perfect spot to visit Paris, its museums and do some shopping too! ""Haussmannien"" flat just refurbished, with modern furniture, high ceilings and wood flloor. It is on the 1st floor, quiet and bright, in a private street. There is a living room with a sofa bed for 2, flat TV screen, piano, a dining room with fully equipped kitchen (dish-washer, induction cooker, oven, micro-wave, everything to cook) a chic main room with a double bed, and second room with a sofa bed for 2 very comfortable, a bathroom with a bath tub and walk-in shower with multiple jets, independant WC and a laundry with a washing machine. You will have access to the whole apartment. I will not be in the apartment to leave all the necessary privacy to the guests but will be available t any time to answer their queries or advise them on the neigh"
6952	Your real place in Paris! I was born in Paris and my neighbourhood is the best area I've ever known! Ideal for single or young couples, this place is at the same time touristic, fun and quiet... A lot of things to visit by feet, most popular are Le Sacre Coeur, Montmarte and le Moulin Rouge (all less than 5 minutes walk). 15 minutes from les Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe 20 minutes from la Tour Eiffel 20 minutes from Les Halles With the subway, nothing is further than 35 minutes. It's a very safe neighbourhood. The appartment has all you need for a short or long term stay. Internet TV Cable Microwave Owen Hairdryer Iron double bed in the bedroom washing machine The couch is convertible for one or two kids. if you're between 18 and 40's, this is THE place to be in Paris! Subway is 2 minutes walk and 4 buses lines at the same distance. i'd be happy to give you some advices on the city.	Your real place in Paris! I was born in Paris and my neighbourhood is the best area I've ever known! Ideal for single or young couples, this place is at the same time touristic, fun and quiet... A lot of things to visit by feet, most popular are Le Sacre Coeur, Montmarte and le Moulin Rouge (all less than 5 minutes walk). 15 minutes from les Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe 20 minutes from la Tour Eiffel 20 minutes from Les Halles With the subway, nothing is further than 35 minutes. It's a very safe neighbourhood. The appartment has all you need for a short or long term stay. Internet TV Cable Microwave Owen Hairdryer Iron double bed in the bedroom washing machine The couch is convertible for one or two kids. if you're between 18 and 40's, this is THE place to be in Paris! Subway is 2 minutes walk and 4 buses lines at the same distance. i'd be happy to give you some advices on the city.
6953	Une déco chaleureuse, un emplacement unique : dormir au calme et accès rapide aux meilleures adresses	Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge, vous voilà plongé dans les quartiers des artistes ! Notre appartement est cosy, lumineux, et bien équipé afin que vous puissiez passer un excellent séjour. Sous les toits de paris vous serez immergés dans la vie Parisienne tout en dormant au calme! Profitez, Visitez Une déco chaleureuse, un emplacement unique : dormir au calme et accès rapide aux meilleures adresses Sites touristiques, tous transports (proche: Metro 2/12/13 + bus), bars restaurants, théâtres, cabarets, supermarchés, ... Possibilité de vous guider tout au long de votre journée si vous voulez ! Ou tout simplement vous laisser les bonnes adresses. D'ailleurs nous avons créer un site pour découvrir les endroits insolites et à faire sur paris. Habiter en plein coeur du quartier artistique de Montmartre et ses petites ruelles qui permettent de s'évader à la parisienne, et à proximité des grandes avenues commerçantes pour des séances shopping ! Metro, RER, Bus, Avion, Roller,
6954	Logement très bien aménagé, tout équipé pour la cuisine (appareils électroménagers, vaisselle) près à être loué. Cet appartement est très bien situé dans une jolie petite copropriété. J'habite dans cet appartement à l'année sauf pendant mes vacances (Août). Je serais là pour vous accueillir et effectuer l'état des lieux avec vous. Vous aurez à disposition des draps et serviettes pour votre confort ainsi que de la documentation sur Paris.  Je pourrai aussi vous indiquer où aller pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible en fonction de vos envies.	Appart fonctionnel et lumineux de 2 pièces. 2ème étage. Rénové en 2012.  Cuisine équipée : four+micro-onde, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur Chambre aménagée : lit double en mezzanine + canapé-lit, draps, TV écran plat, Box internet + TV Orange. Logement très bien aménagé, tout équipé pour la cuisine (appareils électroménagers, vaisselle) près à être loué. Cet appartement est très bien situé dans une jolie petite copropriété. J'habite dans cet appartement à l'année sauf pendant mes vacances (Août). Je serais là pour vous accueillir et effectuer l'état des lieux avec vous. Vous aurez à disposition des draps et serviettes pour votre confort ainsi que de la documentation sur Paris.  Je pourrai aussi vous indiquer où aller pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible en fonction de vos envies. A 5 min de la Gare Saint Lazare (800m ou 2 stations de métro) A 15 min de la Gare Du Nord /Gare de l'Est (1,3 km ou 4 stations de métro) Métro 12 arrêt Notre-Dame-De-Lorette et le métro 7 a
6955	"Studio 28 m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre. Located in a charming building in the middle of the ""Exciting Paris"".50 meters from place Pigalle and 50 meters from Place des Abbesses , this 28 m2 apartment on the 2nd floor , really near to the Sacré Coeur will give you the opportunity to visit by walking every famous places - Montmartre ; The Sacre Coeur; The Moulin Rouge ; Place des Abbesses , The Butte Montmartre and it's only 2 minutes walking. In this dynamic area , you will have a wide selection of visits , animations , restaurants , wine bars , concerts , shows... Quiet place , the flat is fully equipped - washing drying machine , dishwasher , central heating , oven , iron ... -  You can contact me anytime by email or telephone "	"Studio de 28 m2  à Montmartre / Abbesses. Ascenseur. A 50 mètres de la place des Abbesses , à 50 mètres de la place Pigalle. Studio 28 m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre. Elevator. 50 meters from Place des Abbesses , 50 meters from Place Pigalle. Studio 28 m2 with one bedroom in Montmartre. Located in a charming building in the middle of the ""Exciting Paris"".50 meters from place Pigalle and 50 meters from Place des Abbesses , this 28 m2 apartment on the 2nd floor , really near to the Sacré Coeur will give you the opportunity to visit by walking every famous places - Montmartre ; The Sacre Coeur; The Moulin Rouge ; Place des Abbesses , The Butte Montmartre and it's only 2 minutes walking. In this dynamic area , you will have a wide selection of visits , animations , restaurants , wine bars , concerts , shows... Quiet place , the flat is fully equipped - washing drying machine , dishwasher , central heating , oven , iron ... -  You can contact me anytime by email or telephone You Have acc"
6956	"Property situated in a typical parisian 19th century building, with mouldings in the ceiling, parquet floor ""point hungary"" with 4 bedrooms, fully equipped. First store both on street and courtyard access. Modern kitchen with dining corner for six.  The property is situated in the centre of Paris, at a 3 minutes walk to museum GREVIN, 10 minutes walk to Opera GARNIER, 20 minutes walk to the LOUVRES museum and the SACRE COEUR basilica. Three metro lines (Grands Boulevard and Le Peletier stations) available (n°7, 8 and 9). Many restaurants around the district, safe environment with many tourists and hotels."	"Nice 5 rooms apartment in the center of Paris, neau Opera garnier, Louvres Museum and Tuileries. Property situated in a typical parisian 19th century building, with mouldings in the ceiling, parquet floor ""point hungary"" with 4 bedrooms, fully equipped. First store both on street and courtyard access. Modern kitchen with dining corner for six.  The property is situated in the centre of Paris, at a 3 minutes walk to museum GREVIN, 10 minutes walk to Opera GARNIER, 20 minutes walk to the LOUVRES museum and the SACRE COEUR basilica. Three metro lines (Grands Boulevard and Le Peletier stations) available (n°7, 8 and 9). Many restaurants around the district, safe environment with many tourists and hotels. Very convenient access : three metro lines line 7 ""Le Peletier"" station and lines 8 and 9 ""Grands Boulevards"" station. RATP Bus from Roissy - Charles de Gaule airport to Opera station (15 minutes walk to the flat or two stations with line 8) "
6957		Lovely, bright apartment w/ king bed in Pigalle. Ideally located. 1 min walk from the metro line. Lots of nice restaurants, bars and night clubs in the area.
6958		This modernly furnished apartment is situated in Paris Centre. Just a 10 min walk to Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, St Lazare and an extra 5 to the Opera. It offers a spacious living/dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, a light bedroom with an open shower room and a separate toilet. The living area looks over onto a quiet, sunny courtyard. Place de Clichy is a lively neighbourhood, animated with bars, restaurants and shops. The metro station is a 2 min walk where lines 2 & 13 are available.
6959	Appartement dans immeuble haussmannien en rez-de-chaussée de 65 m², au calme, avec terrasse arborée de 25 m², idéalement situé dans le South Pigalle entre Montmartre, les Galeries Lafayette et Opéra. Appartement comprenant, une chambre avec salle de bains (douche + jacuzzi), WC séparé, grand séjour donnant sur la terrasse, cuisine équipée avec passe plat donnant sur la salle à manger. Appartement avec charme et confort sans aucun bruit.	Appartement en rez-de-chaussée sur cour, de 60 m², au calme, avec terrasse arborée de 25 m². Idéalement situé dans le South Pigalle entre Montmartre, les Galeries Lafayette et Opéra. Appartement dans immeuble haussmannien en rez-de-chaussée de 65 m², au calme, avec terrasse arborée de 25 m², idéalement situé dans le South Pigalle entre Montmartre, les Galeries Lafayette et Opéra. Appartement comprenant, une chambre avec salle de bains (douche + jacuzzi), WC séparé, grand séjour donnant sur la terrasse, cuisine équipée avec passe plat donnant sur la salle à manger. Appartement avec charme et confort sans aucun bruit. L’appartement est situé dans le South Pigalle . A deux pas de la rue des Martyrs avec ses nombreux commerces, ses bars et ses restaurants branchés.  A deux pas de Montmartre et proche des Galeries Lafayette et de l'Opera .  A pieds, vous êtes à :  - 1 minute de la Place Saint-Georges,  - 5 minutes de la Place Pigalle (et du petit train pour la butte Montmartre)  - 5 minutes
6960	32 square meters, at the 4th floor, the apartment is very bright.  Well decorated. The main space, south oriented, is so cosy, with a double bed, and a space for eat, opened on a balcony, perfect to take the breakfast!  wifi, books and even a dart game ! The bathroom :  you can take baths after a long day of walking The kitchen : classic and well equipped   It's a perfect place for a couple.	"    Hip one room apartment in a typical Parisian style, with a balcony. Separated kitchen, bathroom and toilets.  Very well located close to the neighborhood of Montmartre.             32 square meters, at the 4th floor, the apartment is very bright.  Well decorated. The main space, south oriented, is so cosy, with a double bed, and a space for eat, opened on a balcony, perfect to take the breakfast!  wifi, books and even a dart game ! The bathroom :  you can take baths after a long day of walking The kitchen : classic and well equipped   It's a perfect place for a couple. Very well located close to the neighborhood of Montmartre, between the  Sacré coeur church (10 minutes walking) and the famous ""rue des Martyrs "" with many typical french shops for food, restaurants, bars and fashion shops. Safe and young neighborhood, the 9th arrondissement is very nice! You can find a supermarket just in front of the building . Subway lines 2, 12 and 4 just 10 minutes walking. From Charles de Gaull"
6961	"Very beautiful apartment in Paris ninth district, at 5 minuts walking from Montmartre, 15 minuts walking from ""Grands magasins"" and Opera Garnier. . Apartment with a lot of charm, big sunny lounge, flooring, moulding, chimney and balcony. One room with double bed plus one sofa double bed in the lounge.  Fully equipped american kitchen (oven, microwave, refrigerator, blender, food processor, toaster).  All comfort (TV, internet, washing machine, hair dryer)."	"Very beautiful apartment in Paris ninth district, at 5 minuts walking from Montmartre, 15 minuts walking from ""Grands magasins"" and Opera Garnier. . Apartment with a lot of charm, big sunny lounge, flooring, moulding, chimney and balcony. One room with double bed plus one sofa double bed in the lounge.  Fully equipped american kitchen (oven, microwave, refrigerator, blender, food processor, toaster).  All comfort (TV, internet, washing machine, hair dryer). Metro Pigalle station (ligne 2 and 12) and Blanche station (ligne 2). A lot of bus line. Taxi station and bicycle ""velib"" near the flat."
6962	This 25m² flat located on the  5th floor (without elevator) is really quiet because upon roofs on the courtyard-side, cosy with its genuine exposed beams, practical with its kitchen and small bathroom and comfy thanks to a convertible bed which transforms into a real double bed in 5 seconds (top chrono !).	Pleasant and quiet studio fully refurbished in early 2015 in the very lively neighborhood of South-Pigalle and at walking distance from Grands Magasins/Opera/Montmartre/Grands Boulevards. This 25m² flat located on the  5th floor (without elevator) is really quiet because upon roofs on the courtyard-side, cosy with its genuine exposed beams, practical with its kitchen and small bathroom and comfy thanks to a convertible bed which transforms into a real double bed in 5 seconds (top chrono !). The whole flat and all its utilities are at your disposal (including the remaining room in the closet) Available utilities in the flat are the following : - TV - Internet/WiFi - HiFi - Closet - Hairdryer - Fridge - Vitroceramic cooktop - Combined oven & micro-wave - Toaster - Expresso machine - Washing machine Moreover, I lend you Paris guide books in both English and French so that you can enjoy your stay in our beautiful city to the fullest. Please note that I might leave some stuff of mine in the
6963	Beaucoup de charme et de lumière	"Au dernier étage, avec ascenseur, au cœur de Paris, avec un accès indépendant. Une surface de 30m2 au sol, mansardée. Une salle de bain privée avec une douche ""italienne"" et wc. Beaucoup de charme et de lumière avec un calme rare en plein Paris Beaucoup de charme et de lumière En plein cœur de Paris. Plusieurs lignes de métro 7,8,9,12, RER et un parking dans la rue."
6964	Il permet de loger 5 personnes adultes et une famille avec enfants de 6 personnes car il y a 1 lit double et deux canapés lit deux personnes.	"Appartement calme situé plein centre sur les ""Grands Boulevards"", proche à pied de nombreux sites touristiques (Le Louvres, les Halles, l'Opéra Garnier, le musée Grévins....) stations métro et vélib très proches + 3 supérettes et nombreux restaurants Il permet de loger 5 personnes adultes et une famille avec enfants de 6 personnes car il y a 1 lit double et deux canapés lit deux personnes. All access Accueil Proximité des Grands Boulevards, nombreux restaurants, commerces, théâtres  et beaucoup de sites touristiques très proches (Louvres 10' à pieds, quartier de l'Opéra Garnier 7', la place Vendôme 6', le musée Grévins 2', La place de la Concorde15') 3 stations de métro proches moins de 2' (Grands Boulevard, Bourse, Richelieu Drouot) RER à 7' à pieds à Chatelet les Halles. 2 jeux de clés mis à disposition, 30€ facturé en cas de perte"
6965	Studio d'artistes, vous aurez la possibilité de vivre un séjour des plus bohème au delta de Montmartre et du 9eme arrondissement.  Petit immeuble de trois étages, avec vue sur  jardin, le calme et le soleil vous séduiront.	Je vous propose mon studio D'artiste de 25m2 dans le 9eme arrondissement au pied de Montmartre. Ce dernier dispose d'une pièce principale avec un lit double et d'une mezzanine possibilité de couchage pour 4 personnes. Studio d'artistes, vous aurez la possibilité de vivre un séjour des plus bohème au delta de Montmartre et du 9eme arrondissement.  Petit immeuble de trois étages, avec vue sur  jardin, le calme et le soleil vous séduiront. Entourés d’œuvres artistiques, vous aurez en aurait accès durant tout votre séjour. Présente à votre arrivée, je me ferais une joie de vous montrer les alentours.  Vivant et cosmopolite, vous n'aurait pas de mal  à trouver votre bonheur dans tout les petits restaurants, salles de concert et d'exposition.  Par le  métro ligne 2 anvers Par le RER D & B à Gare du Nord Bus (phone number hidden)  Furant votre séjour notre petit chat scarlette sera présente, je suis sure que vous entendrez à merveille !  Une réduction vous sera faites si vous vous en occupez 
6966	It is just awesome!	I have a private room oin my lovely apartment. Feel free to airbnb when ever you like. It is just awesome! Kitchen, living room, bathroom Yes. Super. Easy.
6967	4 people or 6 with a sofa bed in the leaving room	Charming Flat with two bedrooms in the middle of Paris !  5 minutes walking for lots of metro station : - Saint Lazare : Line 3, 12, 13 and 14 - Havre Caumartin : Line 3, 9  - Haussmann Saint Lazare : RER E  - Auber : RER A 
6968		Appartement de 18 m² sous les toits, entre Pigalle et Anvers, avec 2 velux d'où l'on peut voir le sacré cœur, (kitchinette+WC+douche, ventilo) Idéal étudiant seul ou en couple pour visiter le 9ème, avec un carrefour market à 2 min 6e sans ascenseur
6969		situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, une vue des toits, et au palier du sacré Coeur, proche de Montmartre, des bus et metro ( saint georges), quartier très calme. du 5 au 27 septembre entièrement, pas de location au jour
6970		2 rooms flat, one bedroom and a living room, 4th floor with an elevator, very quiet. Located near Montmartre between Place Saint-Georges and rue des Martyrs; lot of restaurants in this area! wifi, oven, micro-wave oven, washing machine Subway 12: Saint-Georges  Subway 2: Pigalle Bus 67 or 74: stop Martyrs or Saint-Georges
6971	It is located at rue de Clichy 75009 Paris it's near Moulin Rouge (1 min), Montmartre (5 min), Opéra Garnier (8 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (8 min). Very well connected with Line 2 and 13 (place de Clichy), Line 14 (Saint-Lazare), Line A (Auber). The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated 6 months ago so it's completely new. It's 48 square meters with two rooms, which have convertible bed. You'll also enjoy cooking facilities, including a design and totally equipped kitchen and a shower-room. You'll have reliable Wifi and wire, there is also a phone if you need to phone only landlines in most countries it's free, airplay speakers, a dishwasher, a washing machine and dryer, oven, micro-wave, toaster, mixer, hoover, an iron...The flat is not on the street so it's relatively calm. You can only rent the orange room not the whole flat. I'm living in the flat so we have to share it. 	It is located at rue de Clichy 75009 Paris it's near Moulin Rouge (1 min), Montmartre (5 min), Opéra Garnier (8 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (8 min). Very well connected with Line 2 and 13 (place de Clichy), Line 14 (Saint-Lazare), Line A (Auber). The area is central and very dynamic with lot of bars and artists. It's very pleasant to go out on evenings. The flat has been renovated 6 months ago so it's completely new. It's 48 square meters with two rooms, which have convertible bed. You'll also enjoy cooking facilities, including a design and totally equipped kitchen and a shower-room. You'll have reliable Wifi and wire, there is also a phone if you need to phone only landlines in most countries it's free, airplay speakers, a dishwasher, a washing machine and dryer, oven, micro-wave, toaster, mixer, hoover, an iron...The flat is not on the street so it's relatively calm. You can only rent the orange room not the whole flat. I'm living in the flat so we have to share it. 
6972	Located in the 4th floor (with elevator), this 47 m² apartment is fully equipped with everything you will need.  With one bedroom, it is perfect for 2 persons. The bathroom is very spacious (one bathtub + one shower).  Thanks to the view over the courtyard, it is a very quiet home. 	Modern and bright, this 47 m² flat has one bedroom, a fully equiped kitchen, a spacious bathroom & a very cosy living room. It is located in the heart of Paris, in a very trendy area, near rue des (website hidden) and Free WIFI available.  Located in the 4th floor (with elevator), this 47 m² apartment is fully equipped with everything you will need.  With one bedroom, it is perfect for 2 persons. The bathroom is very spacious (one bathtub + one shower).  Thanks to the view over the courtyard, it is a very quiet home. I provide clean sheets and clean towels.  You will have access to the TV and free Wifi Me or my boyfriend will give you the keys of this lovely experience. We are always available for any of your questions. The apartment is 5 minute-walking from rue des Martyrs and Notre-Dame-de Lorrette, 7 minute-walking from Boulevard Haussman (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps),10 minute-walking from Opera and Madeleine.  The neighboorhood is full of restaurants and bars of all kinds, super
6973	Luxury apartment, very clean, between Place St Georges and rue des Martyrs where bakeries, pastries, chocolate, meats, butchers, delicatessens, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, typically Parisian cafes and restaurants or the hippest heart of the 9th district. Check in and check out are flexible and it is not a problem to leave your stuff if your return flight is later in the evening.   Want to make a reservation? Go ahead the calendar is up to date! Even for Last Minute booking ! Quiet and well designed place. The apartment with a bedroom where you stay and a living room for my stay is close to Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge and the Opera district. It comes furnished with a vintage dresser, a queen sized bed,  and free WiFi. Linens and towels included. Location:  Rue Clauzel – Paris 9  2rd floor – Elevator  Very quiet -  Breakfast included  I have no pets	50M2 (535 sq ft), new heavenly double pillowed memory foam queen sized bed, clear open kitchen, sofa, fully equipped kitchen. Close to a handful of cafe's and shops, to the 7 and 12 trains and to all sightseeing .Well-located in the heart of Paris ! Luxury apartment, very clean, between Place St Georges and rue des Martyrs where bakeries, pastries, chocolate, meats, butchers, delicatessens, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, typically Parisian cafes and restaurants or the hippest heart of the 9th district. Check in and check out are flexible and it is not a problem to leave your stuff if your return flight is later in the evening.   Want to make a reservation? Go ahead the calendar is up to date! Even for Last Minute booking ! Quiet and well designed place. The apartment with a bedroom where you stay and a living room for my stay is close to Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge and the Opera district. It comes furnished with a vintage dresser, a queen sized bed,  and free WiFi. Lin
6974	5 minutes by walk from Montmartre and 10 minutes from Opera and Grands Magasins.	"Helene & Jacques welcome you in a spacious suite (37 m2) in a ""Haussmann"" building, with a private terrace in the heart of Paris. 5 minutes by walk from Montmartre and 10 minutes from Opera and Grands Magasins. Main door and direct access, via the hall, until the suite, terrace, shower and washrooms. For the arrival, during breakfasts and for departure. Very quiet appartment in the back part of an haussmannian buiding (1860) with a private terrace. A lot of buses and metro stations untol all touristic places. We love Paris and we are true parisians."
6975	Elevator- All new and (website hidden), internet.  Private nice bathroom with balneo shower  Very spacious (100 M2), luminous, and quiet  Kitchen in marble with large dining table, chimney in marble in all rooms, cosy living room Very central between Opera/Montmartre/ Grands Boulevards : for shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments	Amazing flat in an Haussmannian typical parisian building but with scandinave and modern style all new and very central ! Nice and quiet room with private bathroom and WC. French breakfast.  Spacious living and dining room. Internet. Elevator- All new and (website hidden), internet.  Private nice bathroom with balneo shower  Very spacious (100 M2), luminous, and quiet  Kitchen in marble with large dining table, chimney in marble in all rooms, cosy living room Very central between Opera/Montmartre/ Grands Boulevards : for shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments Kitchen available for breakfast (tea, nespresso machine, brioche, croissant, marmelade, yoghurt, cheese and juices) and diner (only if you stay more than 3 days), private bathroom and WC, washing and drying machines, internet wifi, TV, living room, 2 cats :) I will be there for you at your arrival to guide you during your stay. I work for museums so I can help you to choose all the spots to visit. Like every parisian, we lik
6976	The appartment is in the very buisy area of Southpi, next to the metro station Pigalle. very close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur or the Moulin Rouge.  The appartment is very close to the metro, the station is very well connected with all the interessting areas of Paris 	Elegant room in a spacious, fully-equipped shared apartment in Pigalle. Extremely well located; close to the metro, two minutes from SacreCoeur and two blocs from Moulin Rouge. Either for one or two people, don't let this offer slide       The appartment is in the very buisy area of Southpi, next to the metro station Pigalle. very close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur or the Moulin Rouge.  The appartment is very close to the metro, the station is very well connected with all the interessting areas of Paris
6977		Beau studio, idéalement situé près de montmartre et de la rue des martyrs. refait à neuf
6978		Nice two rooms apartment in the heart of Paris with separated and fully equiped kitchen.
6979	Nice spacious flat (45m²) were you can easily feel at home. The bed and couch are comfortable and the kitchen is fully equipped. The courtyard insulates very well from the street and you can easily relax by the fireplace after enjoying the city.	Lovely flat located close to the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) and the Moulin Rouge (Pigalle) Ideally located in Rue des Martyrs, feel at home in the center of Paris. Nice spacious flat (45m²) were you can easily feel at home. The bed and couch are comfortable and the kitchen is fully equipped. The courtyard insulates very well from the street and you can easily relax by the fireplace after enjoying the city. Located in a vibrant street with many tempting shops (Butcher, cheese or fish shops, greengrocers, bakeries and supermarket). You may also prefer it’s café and restaurants. This location allows you to be close to famous touristic places like Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) and Montmartre (Sacré Coeur). The Galleries Lafayette is also accessible within 10 minutes walk if you are eager to go shopping. Feel free to ask me for advice based on your desires. La rue des Martyrs is a quite famous street where couples and families like to walk or hang out.  You might cross some famous people shopping in
6980	Charming and sunny flat at the feet of Montmartre : renting per week my flat T2 of 50 M2 for 2 or 4 persons in the center of Paris, in the 9th district. This accommodation is composed of a nice living-room overlooking a quiet courtyard, an equipped  kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and W-C. All equipped. FREE WIFI.  This flat is easy reach from metro (line 2 & 4) from 2 minutes. My flat is easy reach from Sacré Coeur Basilica in Montmartre  (10 mn on foot) and you have a wide range of restaurants, bar and theatres in my district. The Moulin rouge Cabaret is from 3 stations from my house ! From the metro  you go directly to Arc de Triomphe (Line 2) or Notre Dame Cathedral or Saint Germain des Prés  (line 4) In summary, my flat benefit s from a strategic location for visiting Paris and enjoying it's romantic atmosphere. Don't hesitate to ask me any question about your future apartment in Paris! Clean sheets and towels provided. - Second floor - 5  windows - Furnished apartment - Internet w	Charming and sunny flat at the feet of Montmartre : renting per week my flat T2 of 50 M2 for 2 or 4 persons in the center of Paris, in the 9th district. This accommodation is composed of a nice living-room overlooking a quiet courtyard, an equipped  kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom and W-C. All equipped. FREE WIFI.  This flat is easy reach from metro (line 2 & 4) from 2 minutes. My flat is easy reach from Sacré Coeur Basilica in Montmartre  (10 mn on foot) and you have a wide range of restaurants, bar and theatres in my district. The Moulin rouge Cabaret is from 3 stations from my house ! From the metro  you go directly to Arc de Triomphe (Line 2) or Notre Dame Cathedral or Saint Germain des Prés  (line 4) In summary, my flat benefit s from a strategic location for visiting Paris and enjoying it's romantic atmosphere. Don't hesitate to ask me any question about your future apartment in Paris! Clean sheets and towels provided. - Second floor - 5  windows - Furnished apartment - Internet w
6981	In a early 20th century building,  my 2 bedroom apt has one large dining room and a fully equipped American kitchen, one large room which is my office. There is one kingsize bed in the bedroom  that I rent which is very clear and calm with closets. the apt is a wooden floor (except kitchen and bathroom) and is facing South There is no elevator , a wooden floor 	ONe bedroom in my cosy apartment fully furnished. My apartment  apt , located on 2nd Frech floor without a lift is very clear and  calm. In a early 20th century building,  my 2 bedroom apt has one large dining room and a fully equipped American kitchen, one large room which is my office. There is one kingsize bed in the bedroom  that I rent which is very clear and calm with closets. the apt is a wooden floor (except kitchen and bathroom) and is facing South There is no elevator , a wooden floor My guests are welcomed in the kitchen opened on the diningroom  We'll share the bathroom, the independant WC and the kitchen & the dining room. I ussually spend much time at home as it is my office too`. I'll be able to give many informations as I know rather well the area and Paris in general . I' ll help you to make reservations (restaurants, taxis, shows...) The neighborhood is very friendly, people are rather young . Very nicely located few minutes down Montmartre (Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge)
6982	Welcome to my flat! I have just finished renovating my flat. It is located in the 9th arrondissement, which is ideally situated between the lively Pigalle area, the trendy rue du Faubourg St Denis and the abundance of stores of the Grands Magasins. There are many supermarkets close to the flat and many are open till late so if you don't feel like eating out, it's always possible to cook something at home! The area is safe, and the access to the building is protected with a first door with a code and a second door with an interphone. The flat is on the fifth floor, and there is no lift. It's a walk up, but it's worth the climb because once you are in the apartment, you will see how light it is! The living room is spacious (30 square meters approx) and has 4 bay-windows that open on a small balcony. It is possible to eat on the little table set out on the balcony. The kitchen area has also been completely renovated. It is separated from the living room with artist workshop windows (as yo	Comfortable and bright appartment in the center of Paris. Welcome to my flat! I have just finished renovating my flat. It is located in the 9th arrondissement, which is ideally situated between the lively Pigalle area, the trendy rue du Faubourg St Denis and the abundance of stores of the Grands Magasins. There are many supermarkets close to the flat and many are open till late so if you don't feel like eating out, it's always possible to cook something at home! The area is safe, and the access to the building is protected with a first door with a code and a second door with an interphone. The flat is on the fifth floor, and there is no lift. It's a walk up, but it's worth the climb because once you are in the apartment, you will see how light it is! The living room is spacious (30 square meters approx) and has 4 bay-windows that open on a small balcony. It is possible to eat on the little table set out on the balcony. The kitchen area has also been completely renovated. It is separate
6983	"""This lovely flat, fully refurnished in 2012, is on the 8th floor via elevator of a nice building in rue Mansart. The flat is composed by a big living room where there is a very comfortable double sofa-bed and a bedroom with a double bed and a big keyboard. The kitchen is open on the living room but at the same time well separated. The living room also can be separated from the other rooms thanks to a store: this way the flat can offer the comfort and the privacy for 2 bedrooms. Both living room and bedroom face on nice balcony from where, during the good season, it is possible to have dinner enjoying one of the most amazing view on the Eiffel tower and the Parisian roofs. The floor is ancient wood and tailed in the kitchen and in the bathroom."" "	"It's a bright and fully furnished apartment at the 8th floor via elevator, with a stunning view of Paris rooftops and Eiffel Tower. It has a nice balcony, 1 rooms, livingroom and a separated kitchen. ""This lovely flat, fully refurnished in 2012, is on the 8th floor via elevator of a nice building in rue Mansart. The flat is composed by a big living room where there is a very comfortable double sofa-bed and a bedroom with a double bed and a big keyboard. The kitchen is open on the living room but at the same time well separated. The living room also can be separated from the other rooms thanks to a store: this way the flat can offer the comfort and the privacy for 2 bedrooms. Both living room and bedroom face on nice balcony from where, during the good season, it is possible to have dinner enjoying one of the most amazing view on the Eiffel tower and the Parisian roofs. The floor is ancient wood and tailed in the kitchen and in the bathroom."" Montmartre, the ancient artists' house; the "
6984	Accueil personnalisé en journée (entre 9h et 20 h) sur place. Une bouteille de champagne  et de délicieux macarons vous attendront en cadeau de bienvenue.	Beau 2 pièces au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble de caractère, au cœur de Paris, proche des Grands Boulevards et de l'Opéra, à proximité immédiate des Folies Bergères dans un quartier animé et commerçant. Très belles prestations. Idéal couple Accueil personnalisé en journée (entre 9h et 20 h) sur place. Une bouteille de champagne  et de délicieux macarons vous attendront en cadeau de bienvenue. L'immeuble est composé de 3 bâtiments, et l'appartement est situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) sur cour arborée, vous garantissant une parfaite quiétude. Nous serons disponibles pour aider les voyageurs et leur faciliter leur séjour à Paris (langues parlées Français, Anglais et Italien) Quartier touristique doté de nombreux restaurants en vogue, hôtels et lieux réputés d'animation (Folies Bergères, Musée Grévin, Opéra Garnier, Musée du Louvre, Grands Magasins : Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.) Métro (Cadet, Grands Boulevards), nombreux arrêts de bus (phone number hidden), etc.), vé
6985	"Non-smoking apartment! One guestroom for 2 people, 13 sqm, private bathroom, Rate includes breakfast.  Location: near M13 - Liège, 4 stops to the city center and about 10 minutes walking distance to Montmartre and Opera House.  One double bedroom with ensuite shower and toilet located in a flat on the 4th floor with elevator. Host keeps 2 cats and speaks French, English, Spanish, Italian and Portuguese. If you want to benefit from the tips and advice of real Parisians, and share their life, than stayoing at le 7 à Paris is the experience that you are looking for. We are not a hotel and we welcome our guest in a homy feeling. Our area is a very elegant and safe area called ""La Nouvelle Athènes"". It is located between the Opéra house, Galeries Lafayettes and Montmartre. It is full of very nice bars and restaurants and very conveniently located to go anywhere within Paris in no time. There are lots of buses, métros and taxis near the house. Champs Elysées is only 10 mins on the métro. You"	"Non-smoking apartment! One guestroom for 2 people, 13 sqm, private bathroom, Rate includes breakfast.  Location: near M13 - Liège, 4 stops to the city center and about 10 minutes walking distance to Montmartre and Opera House.  One double bedroom with ensuite shower and toilet located in a flat on the 4th floor with elevator. Host keeps 2 cats and speaks French, English, Spanish, Italian and Portuguese. If you want to benefit from the tips and advice of real Parisians, and share their life, than stayoing at le 7 à Paris is the experience that you are looking for. We are not a hotel and we welcome our guest in a homy feeling. Our area is a very elegant and safe area called ""La Nouvelle Athènes"". It is located between the Opéra house, Galeries Lafayettes and Montmartre. It is full of very nice bars and restaurants and very conveniently located to go anywhere within Paris in no time. There are lots of buses, métros and taxis near the house. Champs Elysées is only 10 mins on the métro. You"
6986	Joli studio 20 m² dans le 9éme arrondissement de Paris Une grande pièce avec un lit double et un canapé : idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes.  Wi-fi, télévision avec 200 chaînes (SFR). Toilettes avec douche, fer à repasser, . Cuisine dans la pièce principale avec , micro-ondes, plaques à induction, frigo et congélateur. Table qui peut  accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Très bon état, propre, lumineux, calme. 6e étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble situé dans une rue parallèle au grands boulevards.	"Joli studio confortable dans immeuble Haussmannien, au calme, dans un quartier très vivant à 3 minutes de la station Grands boulevard à 10 min de Opéra . Il est assez central et très bien desservi par les transports... idéal pour découvrir Paris! Joli studio 20 m² dans le 9éme arrondissement de Paris Une grande pièce avec un lit double et un canapé : idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes.  Wi-fi, télévision avec 200 chaînes (SFR). Toilettes avec douche, fer à repasser, . Cuisine dans la pièce principale avec , micro-ondes, plaques à induction, frigo et congélateur. Table qui peut  accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Très bon état, propre, lumineux, calme. 6e étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble situé dans une rue parallèle au grands boulevards. Quartier très vivant et cosmopolite, avec beaucoup de bars branchés et de petits commerces plus populaires. Un aperçu du ""vrai"" Paris, pas celui des touristes. Pas toujours calme mais c'est ce qui fait son charme... Restaurants, bars, petits supermarchés, bo"
6987	One bedroom with bathroom, kitchen and living room. 4th floor with elevator at the heart of the  9th Arrondissement Opera Apartment Rental Photos and Description Nice 2 rooms (one bedroom and the living area)  entirely renovated ideally located near the Opera Garnier. This beautiful Parisian apartment of 45m2, tastefully decorated, is typical of the Haussmann architecture with elegant parquet floors, spacious, moldings, a working fireplace, tall windows, electric drives. It was renovated by architect. The 4th floor (with elevator) It includes a living room - stay clear with a Chesterfield sofa genuine velvet, a transformable console table for dinner (12 people), a bedroom with a double bed and large closets, a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, oven, electric hob, toaster, washing machine the machine, additional glass table), where it will be nice to cook and share breakfast, a bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Located rue de Chateaudun, in the heart of the 9th distric	Superb apartment bright,fully equiped with quality design...and a super central Location.  You will enjoy the beauty of Paris as much as the beauty of your parisian home. One bedroom with bathroom, kitchen and living room. 4th floor with elevator at the heart of the  9th Arrondissement Opera Apartment Rental Photos and Description Nice 2 rooms (one bedroom and the living area)  entirely renovated ideally located near the Opera Garnier. This beautiful Parisian apartment of 45m2, tastefully decorated, is typical of the Haussmann architecture with elegant parquet floors, spacious, moldings, a working fireplace, tall windows, electric drives. It was renovated by architect. The 4th floor (with elevator) It includes a living room - stay clear with a Chesterfield sofa genuine velvet, a transformable console table for dinner (12 people), a bedroom with a double bed and large closets, a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, oven, electric hob, toaster, washing machine the machine, addi
6988	Le logement est un grand studio atypique décoré comme un appartement new yorkais. Il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire et est très lumineux.	Grand studio atypique, poutres et briques apparentes, accueillant et douillet, idéal pour 2 personnes. Vue sur le Sacré Coeur depuis le coin nuit, il est situé dans le meilleur quartier de la capitale et donne facilement accès aux sites touristiques. Le logement est un grand studio atypique décoré comme un appartement new yorkais. Il dispose de tout le confort nécessaire et est très lumineux. Il est accessible par le métro depuis les lignes 12, stations Pigalle ou St Georges. Tout au long de votre séjour, je serai joignable par email pour vous apporter mon aide dans la mesure du possible. Si New York a son SOHO (abréviation de « South of Houston », le district situé au sud de Houston Street) à Paris, nous avons notre SOPI. Cet acronyme aux accents new-yorkais désigne le quartier qui s’étend de l’avenue Trudaine à la rue de Maubeuge en englobant la rue des Martyrs et le boulevard Rochechouart. SOPI est devenu hyper (prononcez « haïper ») branché. Nouvelles terrasses, nouvelles galeries,
6989	Small duplex town house in Paris 9 23 sqm duplex really central, near galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, Pigalle and gare du Nord calm a lot of restaurants and stores	23 sqm duplex really central, near galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, Pigalle and gare du Nord calm a lot of restaurants and stores Small duplex town house in Paris 9 23 sqm duplex really central, near galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, Pigalle and gare du Nord calm a lot of restaurants and stores really central, near galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, Pigalle and gare du Nord calm a lot of restaurants and stores Metro 7( cadet et Lepeltier) 12 (Notre dame de Lorette), 8, 9 (Grand boulevard)
6990	Wide open to the Place Pigalle, this apartment offers a rare view of one of the liveliest districts of Paris. Bars, restaurants, shops, public transport are all very close.  The room's window opens on a private street so you can rest quietly after a busy day of sightseeing in Paris. You will also find a double bed, a large wardrobe and a desk. A large sofa bed in the living room offers two additional beds for a capacity of 4 people. The location gives you a quick access to the most interesting places in paris: Montmartre (3 min walk), Moulin Rouge (3 min walk), the Opera Garnier and Galeries Lafayette (10 min walk), the Eiffel tower (20 min by metro), the Louvre (20 minutes by metro) ... Finally, orientation offers a superb brightness, with maximum sun from late morning to the sunset.	This lovely flat is located right next to Montmartre and at 3 minutes by walk from the Moulin Rouge. It can accommodate up to 4 people and is fully equipped for maximum comfort. Pigalle subway station is across the street and allows to quickly reach any area of Paris. Wide open to the Place Pigalle, this apartment offers a rare view of one of the liveliest districts of Paris. Bars, restaurants, shops, public transport are all very close.  The room's window opens on a private street so you can rest quietly after a busy day of sightseeing in Paris. You will also find a double bed, a large wardrobe and a desk. A large sofa bed in the living room offers two additional beds for a capacity of 4 people. The location gives you a quick access to the most interesting places in paris: Montmartre (3 min walk), Moulin Rouge (3 min walk), the Opera Garnier and Galeries Lafayette (10 min walk), the Eiffel tower (20 min by metro), the Louvre (20 minutes by metro) ... Finally, orientation offers a supe
6991	Calme, chaleureux, ensoleillé et récemment rénové, ce charmant deux pièces typiquement Parisien de 35 m2 est un vrai nid douillet. Il possède à la fois le cachet de l’ancien (Tommettes d’époque au sol dans le salon et la cuisine) et tout le confort des équipements modernes (Four multi fonctions, plaques de cuissons, TV, frigo, internet...) Sous les toits de Paris, au dernier étage sans ascenseur (Les marches sont très douces !) et grâce à son exposition plein Sud, le soleil n’est jamais bien loin. Prendre son petit déjeuner dans la cuisine est un vrai régal ! (Dans son lit aussi !) 	Calme, chaleureux, ensoleillé et récemment rénové, ce charmant deux pièces typiquement Parisien est un vrai nid douillet. Il possède à la fois le cachet de l’ancien (Tommettes d’époque au sol dans le salon et la cuisine) et tout le confort moderne. Calme, chaleureux, ensoleillé et récemment rénové, ce charmant deux pièces typiquement Parisien de 35 m2 est un vrai nid douillet. Il possède à la fois le cachet de l’ancien (Tommettes d’époque au sol dans le salon et la cuisine) et tout le confort des équipements modernes (Four multi fonctions, plaques de cuissons, TV, frigo, internet...) Sous les toits de Paris, au dernier étage sans ascenseur (Les marches sont très douces !) et grâce à son exposition plein Sud, le soleil n’est jamais bien loin. Prendre son petit déjeuner dans la cuisine est un vrai régal ! (Dans son lit aussi !) Enfin, quand la journée se termine et que vous retrouvez votre appartement, alors certes, il y a 6 étages à monter, mais une fois chez vous, tandis que la ville c
6992	Our building is a typical mid 19th Parisian building.  Located at the 6th and top floor, the access to the flat is done by a lift. The small kitchen is fully equipped (micro-wave, small refrigerator, cooktop, Nespresso machine) and the bathroom has a big shower and a drying washing machine. The studio benefits from a view on a large courtyard and is very light. The bed is queen size (160cm wide) and the convertible sofa is 140cm wide. Wifi, flat TV (sorry no foreign channels available). We can easily provide all the necessary material for baby and young children (chair, bed, toys etc).	"Fully renovated in April 2013 with a ""loft"" style, this 35m2 flat is in great condition. Our building is a typical mid 19th Parisian building. Located at the 6th and top floor, the access to the flat is done via a lift. Our building is a typical mid 19th Parisian building.  Located at the 6th and top floor, the access to the flat is done by a lift. The small kitchen is fully equipped (micro-wave, small refrigerator, cooktop, Nespresso machine) and the bathroom has a big shower and a drying washing machine. The studio benefits from a view on a large courtyard and is very light. The bed is queen size (160cm wide) and the convertible sofa is 140cm wide. Wifi, flat TV (sorry no foreign channels available). We can easily provide all the necessary material for baby and young children (chair, bed, toys etc). The studio is totally independent. We'll be happy to welcome and assist you in Paris! We live in the same building and always here to help if you need it. Located in the heart of Paris, 5"
6993	Cosy studio flat just next to the world famous Moulin Rouge	Come and spend one night or more in this cosy  studio flat situed just few steps away from the world famous Moulin Rouge ! Enjoy the  lively cobblestone streets, the typical french restaurants, the Sacré Coeur and vintage shops ! Cosy studio flat just next to the world famous Moulin Rouge This studio flat is fully equipped with all amenities. Please contact us by e-mail and we will be pleased to reply to all your questions !
6994	L'appartement comprend une chambre, une salle de douche, des toilettes séparés et un séjour avec cuisine ouverte. Lit double dans la chambre et canapé lit dans le séjour. 	"Charmant deux pièces de 30m² pouvant accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. Au premier étage d'un immeuble Parisien avec ascenseur, et idéalement situé à 3 minutes à pied du Moulin Rouge et de la Place de Clichy et à 10 minutes de Montmartre. L'appartement comprend une chambre, une salle de douche, des toilettes séparés et un séjour avec cuisine ouverte. Lit double dans la chambre et canapé lit dans le séjour. L'appartement est entièrement meublé et équipé: cuisine équipée, machine à laver, internet wifi, télévision ... Les draps et les serviettes de toilettes sont fournis.  Very charming one bedroom flat of 30m² which can comfortably welcome two guests. At the first floor of a Parisian building with elevator and perfectly located; at 3 minutes of walk to the ""Moulin Rouge"" and to the ""Place de Clichy"" and 10 minutes to""Montmartre"". The apartment's got one bedroom, one shower room, one separated toilet and a living room with open kitchen. There is one double bed in the bedroom and one"
6995		Lovely one roomed appartment, on the 2d floor, overlooking a courtyard, with all facilities. Charming neighbourhood close to touristy places (Montmartre, Pigalle, Opéra). Easy access thanks to its location (4 underground stations, 3 train stations).
6996	"Here is a nice little studio made for 2 people. Located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement, you can go to many places by foot, the best way to discover the real Paris! You will enjoy the calm of a very small and green courtyard. The studio is well furnished and you will love the huge sofa bed. After your trip, you will feel like ""un vrai parisien or une vraie parisienne"" ;) !"	"A nice ""nest"" for 2. Cosy, well laid out, you will feel at home and sleep in a giant sofa bed. You will enjoy the calm of a green courtyard. In the heart of the 9th arrondissement, you can discover Paris by foot or reach everything quite easily. Here is a nice little studio made for 2 people. Located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement, you can go to many places by foot, the best way to discover the real Paris! You will enjoy the calm of a very small and green courtyard. The studio is well furnished and you will love the huge sofa bed. After your trip, you will feel like ""un vrai parisien or une vraie parisienne"" ;) ! Of course, you will have access to the whole place ! You will be able to enjoy the small courtyard too (but be discreet...) I will try to be there as much as possible, otherwise, I have a concierge service company and I will leave a lot of information. I live quite near. I can understand German and speak a little bit Spanish. You are in the middle of History and modern"
6997	In a backyard, closed to Moulin Rouge, this quiet and charming studio will do enjoy your stay in Paris.  Wifi access, Television, a coffee machine, a kettler  and towels are included.	In the heart of Montmartre, at 50 meters of Moulin Rouge, this lovely studio will offer you an unforgettable souvenir of Paris.  Enjoy!!! In a backyard, closed to Moulin Rouge, this quiet and charming studio will do enjoy your stay in Paris.  Wifi access, Television, a coffee machine, a kettler  and towels are included. The nearest stations are underground Blanche / Pigalle / Place de Clichy providing access to all the major sites of Paris in less than 15 minutes by public transports . Many bus lines 66 ( Department Stores , Opera ), 31 ( North Station, Champs- Elysees ), 74 ( Grands Boulevards , Louvre, Hotel de Ville ), 53 ( Saint Lazare , Opera ) allow easy access to many areas in 15 minutes. I am at your disposal to welcome you in the best conditions: I speak French , English and German. The area, very pleasant, is typically Parisian , and they are many bars and restaurants closed to the flat. Metro Blanche, Abbesses and Pigalle Wish you a pleasant stay.
6998	J'ai eu un coup de coeur immédiat pour cet appartement quand je m'en suis porté acquéreur il y a quelques années. Orienté plein Ouest, il est situé au 4e étage d'un immeuble typique du quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes. Cet ancien 3 pièces a été réaménagé récemment. Il est lumineux, agréable, il y fait bon vivre. La partie salon-salle à manger donne sur rue. Les immeubles alentours sont de petite hauteur. La chambre est située côté cours.	J'ai eu un coup de coeur immédiat pour cet appartement quand je m'en suis porté acquéreur il y a quelques années. Orienté plein Ouest, il est situé au 4e étage d'un immeuble typique du quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes. Cet ancien 3 pièces a été réaménagé récemment. Il est lumineux, agréable, il y fait bon vivre. La partie salon-salle à manger donne sur rue. Les immeubles alentours sont de petite hauteur. La chambre est située côté cours. Vous aurez accès l'intégralité de l'appartement et de ses équipements, à l'exception d'un espace bibliothèque - bureau et d'une penderie, privatisés le temps de votre séjour. Dans toute la mesure du possible c'est moi qui vous accueillerai pour vous présenter l'appartement et ses équipements, mais également répondre à toutes les questions utiles que vous vous posez au sujet du quartier ou de la ville. Le 9e arrondissement à l'avantage d'être à la fois protégé de l'effervescence parfois tapageuse du centre ville et facile d'accès. Le quartier était réput
6999	 Caractéristique du studio:je fournis les draps, les serviettes de toilette  et le ménage est pris en charge à la fin du séjour	 Caractéristique du studio:je fournis les draps, les serviettes de toilette  et le ménage est pris en charge à la fin du séjour
7000	Studio 9 m², entrée indépendante. Calme et lumineux (4e étage sur cour, sans ascenseur).  Immeuble ancien (1850) et coquet.  Lit mezzanine 1-2 places (1,80 x 1,10 m). Douche, lavabo et toilettes privés.  Petit frigo, micro-ondes, plaques électriques et bouilloire.  Confort basique mais propre et fonctionnel.  Draps et serviettes fournis.  Wi-Fi gratuit. 	Studio 9 m², entrée indépendante. Calme et lumineux (4e étage sur cour, sans ascenseur).  Immeuble ancien (1850) et coquet.  Lit mezzanine 1-2 places (1,80 x 1,10 m). Douche, lavabo et toilettes privés.  Petit frigo, micro-ondes, plaques électriques et bouilloire.  Confort basique mais propre et fonctionnel.  Draps et serviettes fournis.  Wi-Fi gratuit. Accueil 7/7 24/24.  Conseils touristiques personnalisés (sorties culturelles, gastronomiques, nocturnes) en fonction de vos centres d'intérêt. Supérette, marchand de fruits, épicier italien et bagels bar au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux restaurants dans la rue.  Emplacement idéal, au cœur de la plus belle ville du monde !  Quartier commerçant, vivant et sûr. Spot de Paris le mieux desservi par les transports urbains (métro, bus, RER), à moins de 5 minutes à pied des stations de métro Havre-Caumartin, Auber, Madeleine, Saint-Lazare, Chaussée-d'Antin et Opéra (7 lignes de métro + RER A et E). Métro ou RER direct à partir de toutes les gare
7001	Charmant appartement parisien, salon spacieux et cuisine ultra fonctionnelle (four, lave vaisselle, grand frigo, micro-ondes...).  Superbe chambre avec salle de bain ouverte, douche à l'italienne. Lit très confortable et volets aux fenêtre pour une bonne nuit de sommeil! 	Bel appartement parisien, dans un super quartier. A quelques pas de la fameuse rue des Martyrs et de ses jolies boutiques,  à quelques minutes de la butte Montmartre, et non loin du boulevard Haussmann. Charmant appartement parisien, salon spacieux et cuisine ultra fonctionnelle (four, lave vaisselle, grand frigo, micro-ondes...).  Superbe chambre avec salle de bain ouverte, douche à l'italienne. Lit très confortable et volets aux fenêtre pour une bonne nuit de sommeil!  A quelques pas de la fameuse rue des Martyrs et de ses jolies boutiques,  à quelques minutes de la butte Montmartre, et non loin du boulevard Haussmann. Partez à la découverte des bars et restaus branchés de SoPi Ligne 2: Anvers ou Pigalle Ligne 12: Pigalle ou Notre Dame de Lorette Bus: 85 - 67
7002	The flat of 50 m² is located near Opera Garnier and Montmartre ( Sacré coeur). The nearest Metro is Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (Line 12), 5 minutes far from  Le Pelletier (line 7) and Richelieu Drouot (lines 8 et 9). This is a lot of restaurant and good street of food trade at the street of rue des martyrs. The flat is at the 5th floor with a lift: there is 3 little stair to reach the elevator. 1 bedroom with a one double bed. 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person 1 living room with a folding bed for 1 persons. 1 kitchen with microwaves , one washer dryer, dishwasher, electric oven. It is possible to ask a Baby Travel Cot. Towels and sheets are provided. 1 bathroom with a shower and toilet Internet (Optical fiber) , WiFi and TV. The chateau de Versailles is accessible with the nearest station Gare St Lazare	The flat of 50 m² is located near Opera Garnier and Montmartre ( Sacré coeur). The nearest Metro is Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (Line 12), 5 minutes far from  Le Pelletier (line 7) and Richelieu Drouot (lines 8 et 9). This is a lot of restaurant and good street of food trade at the street of rue des martyrs. The flat is at the 5th floor with a lift: there is 3 little stair to reach the elevator. 1 bedroom with a one double bed. 1 bedroom with a bed for 1 person 1 living room with a folding bed for 1 persons. 1 kitchen with microwaves , one washer dryer, dishwasher, electric oven. It is possible to ask a Baby Travel Cot. Towels and sheets are provided. 1 bathroom with a shower and toilet Internet (Optical fiber) , WiFi and TV. The chateau de Versailles is accessible with the nearest station Gare St Lazare
7003	The apartment is located in a very quiet street, a few steps away from the frenzy of one of the hippest areas of Paris right now, the 9th district.  The apartment looks like a big loft, with its huge living room (almost 30m2), furnished with a piano, a very big couch, a diner table… It also has a very large kitchen, fully equiped, a stylish dressing room and a large and cozy bedroom. The bathroom has a shower, toilets are separated. It has been renewed two years ago. This loft is on the 4th floor, which gives it a lot of light. It has no elevator but the stairs are not a problem.  The apartment is typical of old Paris : wood everywhere, old polished floor, windows with ironwork, piano, family furniture ... It has a warm and cozy atmosphere. You will feel immediately at home.  The apartment is ideal for a couple with a child or a third person, who can sleep on our extra-large and confortable coach. We love to receive friends or family here. And guests from Airbnb :-)	A vast and beautiful loft in an ancient wooden building, ideally located in a quiet street of Pigalle, the hippest area of Paris. Moulin-Rouge, Opera, Montmartre, Galeries Lafayette closeby. We live here, so it has a real parisian atmosphere. The apartment is located in a very quiet street, a few steps away from the frenzy of one of the hippest areas of Paris right now, the 9th district.  The apartment looks like a big loft, with its huge living room (almost 30m2), furnished with a piano, a very big couch, a diner table… It also has a very large kitchen, fully equiped, a stylish dressing room and a large and cozy bedroom. The bathroom has a shower, toilets are separated. It has been renewed two years ago. This loft is on the 4th floor, which gives it a lot of light. It has no elevator but the stairs are not a problem.  The apartment is typical of old Paris : wood everywhere, old polished floor, windows with ironwork, piano, family furniture ... It has a warm and cozy atmosphere. You wi
7004	A nice and quite studio of 30m2 with lots of light in a typical Parisian neighborhood! You will find everything you need to be comfortable in the flat, and enjoy the central location, near Pigalle and rue des Martyrs There are many restaurants, bars and boulangeries in the neighbourhood, and the nearest supermarket is one minute from the flat across the street. The apartment is fully equipped with wifi access, fridge, TV. Towels and sheets will be provided. And in case it gets cold, there is a radiator. The coffee table also coverts easily into a dining table that seats four.  Easy access to  Pigalle (line 2) to Cadet and Le Peleter (line 7) and several buses. 	Two rooms bright, comfortable, view over the rooftops of Paris. Close to Pigalle and Rue des Martyrs in a trendy, family neighborhood. Many Cafes, restaurants and clubs (Café Carmen, Bus Palladium,...). 5th floor. no lift. Metro or bus access. A nice and quite studio of 30m2 with lots of light in a typical Parisian neighborhood! You will find everything you need to be comfortable in the flat, and enjoy the central location, near Pigalle and rue des Martyrs There are many restaurants, bars and boulangeries in the neighbourhood, and the nearest supermarket is one minute from the flat across the street. The apartment is fully equipped with wifi access, fridge, TV. Towels and sheets will be provided. And in case it gets cold, there is a radiator. The coffee table also coverts easily into a dining table that seats four.  Easy access to  Pigalle (line 2) to Cadet and Le Peleter (line 7) and several buses. Wifi, TV. Access to the whole apartment I will be present for the reception
7005	Charmant studio, 15 m2, au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble typique parisien, logé en plein 9e.  Lit 1 personne, mais assez large pour y dormir à 2.  Kitchenette.  Mini four.  Machine Nespresso, capsules fournies.  Douche.  WC sur pallier.	Pour un court séjour, ce petit studio de 15m2, vous sera agréable car il y règne un esprit cosy. Les toits de Paris à l'horizon, avec la pointe du sacré coeur en fond. Situé en plein 9e, vous serez situés en plein centre de Paris. Charmant studio, 15 m2, au 6e et dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble typique parisien, logé en plein 9e.  Lit 1 personne, mais assez large pour y dormir à 2.  Kitchenette.  Mini four.  Machine Nespresso, capsules fournies.  Douche.  WC sur pallier. Je me tiendrai à votre disposition, je vous accueillerai et viendrai récupérer les clefs à votre départ. Proche de tout commerce. En bas du Sacré Coeur, on voit sa cloche de la fenêtre. Métro Pigalle. A 5 min du Moulin Rouge. A 5 min du métro Pigalle et Anvers.
7006		Joli appartement avec vue sur Montmartre, à quelques pas du Sacré-Coeur, dans un quartier et une rue typique et vivante. 23mq avec deux des vrais espaces de vie joyeux et poétiques. Au 6eme étage sans ascenceur. Immeuble sécurisé. Petite rue montante qui passe par une place charmante avec bars et restaurants et un parc qui acheve samontee sur le Sacre-Coeur. Metro 7,Cadet Metro 2, Anvers Lignes directes pour: Opera, Gallerie LaFayette, Musee du Louvre,  Pigalle, Pere Lachaise, Charles de Gaulle Etoile
7007	"""Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves"" Line 12 ""Pigalle"" Line 2"	"The flat is ideally located, near to the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré Cœur, in a very quiet place. With their 30 square metters, 1 double bed, 1 single bed, a kitchen with all that you need, 1 bathroom, an elevator, TV and wifi! Towels and sheets included ""Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves"" Line 12 ""Pigalle"" Line 2 L'appartement est idéalement situé entre le Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, l'Opéra et les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann. Quartier très animé mais appartement très calme car donnant sur la cour arrière de l'immeuble. ""Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves"" Line 12 ""Pigalle"" Line 2"
7008	A deux pas du Moulin Rouge!	Très joli studio avec  grande cuisine ouverte  et salle de bains, bénéficie de tout le confort nécessaire.  Tout est neuf et cosy chez moi .Vous disposerez d’une literie propre, de linge de maison. A deux pas du Moulin Rouge! Au premier étage d'un immeuble bourgeois. Logement refait à neuf, électroménager neuf Il est idéalement situé à 50 mètres du Moulin Rouge, à 2 pas de Pigalle, à 200 mètres de la rue commerçante des Abbesses, et du Sacré Cœur (500m). 2 lignes de métro sont à proximité (ligne 2 et 12) pour un accès facile pour tous les lieux touristiques de Paris.
7009	"40 sqm flat on second floor with a large living room and a separated bedroom with windows on a very quiet courtyard (sheets provided); bathroom with  bath; furnished kitchen; television, wireless internet, hi fi system, DVD player; decoration by photographs and designers (from the neighborhood for some of them) Ideally located in South Pigalle, one of the best neighborhood in   Paris, in a very charming and trendy area and closed from an important nightlife; 2 min from restaurants and shops in rue des Martyrs, 5 min from Montmartre and Moulin Rouge, 10 min from Opera and ""Grands Magasins"" (e.g. Galeries Lafayette...) Just between metros Saint George and Pigalle, less than 20 min from all major touristic areas (Champs Elysees, Etoile, Gare du Nord, Louvre...) Bed sheets and towels are included If needed, I would be very happy to show you the best spots in this fantastic neighborhood! "	"40 sqm flat on second floor with a large living room and a separated bedroom with windows on a very quiet courtyard (sheets provided); bathroom with  bath; furnished kitchen; television, wireless internet, hi fi system, DVD player; decoration by photographs and designers (from the neighborhood for some of them) Ideally located in South Pigalle, one of the best neighborhood in   Paris, in a very charming and trendy area and closed from an important nightlife; 2 min from restaurants and shops in rue des Martyrs, 5 min from Montmartre and Moulin Rouge, 10 min from Opera and ""Grands Magasins"" (e.g. Galeries Lafayette...) Just between metros Saint George and Pigalle, less than 20 min from all major touristic areas (Champs Elysees, Etoile, Gare du Nord, Louvre...) Bed sheets and towels are included If needed, I would be very happy to show you the best spots in this fantastic neighborhood! "
7010	The appartement is tipicaly parisien, clean, nice and bohême ! There is a bathroom and private toilettes and a little kitchen to experience french food :-)	In the heart of Paris, just near Montamartre, there is a beautiful studio, under the roof. 5 minutes away from the Moulin Rouge! There is 2 subway ligne less then 2 minutes away (ligne 2 and 12) For one or two person (preferably a couple). The appartement is tipicaly parisien, clean, nice and bohême ! There is a bathroom and private toilettes and a little kitchen to experience french food :-) You will have acess to the full appartement, with everything you need! I will be able to help you during all your stay, let me know if you need anything ! I will provide a list of nice places to go to, just nearby ! Very nice neighborhood, just next to the moulin rouge and montmartre ! There is a lot of things to do and a lot of restaurants and bars, for every tastes ! The neighborhood is safe and full of life ! I will let you a list of my favorite places nearby :-) There is two lignes of subway 2 minutes away from the appartement ! Ligne 2 and 12 in Pigalle. From there you can reach every place i
7011	A fabulous brand new apartment located near Trinité and  Opera ; it is located on the 3rd floor of building with elevator . It can accomodate up to 6 persons. It is a completely newly renovated, very bright. There are 2 bedrooms with with 2 single beds each,a living room with a double sofa bed and dining room area. the kitchen is fully equipped, you will enjoy wifi connection and cabled TV. One bathroom has a bathtub with shower  and one bathroom has a shower .Toilets are separated. You will find many food shops, supermarkets and restaurants, rue des Martyrs, near the apartment.	A fabulous brand new apartment located near Trinité and  Opera ; it is located on the 3rd floor of building with elevator . It can accomodate up to 6 persons. It is a completely newly renovated, very bright. There are 2 bedrooms with with 2 single beds each,a living room with a double sofa bed and dining room area. the kitchen is fully equipped, you will enjoy wifi connection and cabled TV. One bathroom has a bathtub with shower  and one bathroom has a shower .Toilets are separated. You will find many food shops, supermarkets and restaurants, rue des Martyrs, near the apartment. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat and pay 50€ for sheets and towels. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartment. There is no arrival after 11pm at the apartment.
7012	A 10 min de Montmartre à pied.	Cette délicieuse Maison de 2 étages  dans la verdure calme. La Campagne à Paris. Très bien située à 10 min de la Place du Tertre et à 5 min du Moulin Rouge. Plusieurs Restaurants très sympas sont juste à côtés. Métro Place de Clichy à 2 min à pied. A 10 min de Montmartre à pied. Nombreuses lignes de Bus et Métro à 3 min de la maison. En Option, Ménage Complet 100€ à régler sur place.
7013	TAKE SHELTER in a peaceful nest in the heart of Paris after hectic days wandering the World's most visited capital city. Ideally located in the trendy SoPi area (South Pigalle) in the heart of the 9th area between historical Montmartre and shopping malls in Haussman, this tiny but convenient and cute (guess: how many birds are in the nest?) parisian studio of 13m2 includes everything you need for a pleasant stay. Located in an artistic passage parallel to the vibrant and foodie street Rue des Martyrs, you'll have the opportunity to taste the best cheeses, wines and pastries.  Vintage shops, supermarkets, theaters, coin laundry... everything needed is within your grasp. Situated on the 4th floor in a very calm property with a central yard, the building is currently under construction during the day, but no noise made before 10am, the access to the room is only by stairs. Amenities include a bed, refrigerator, freezer, microwave/oven, hotplate so as the necessary equipment to cook and ea	- Outstanding location in the 9th, Paris center - small yet cute and convenient with all the necessary - cost-wort-it TAKE SHELTER in a peaceful nest in the heart of Paris after hectic days wandering the World's most visited capital city. Ideally located in the trendy SoPi area (South Pigalle) in the heart of the 9th area between historical Montmartre and shopping malls in Haussman, this tiny but convenient and cute (guess: how many birds are in the nest?) parisian studio of 13m2 includes everything you need for a pleasant stay. Located in an artistic passage parallel to the vibrant and foodie street Rue des Martyrs, you'll have the opportunity to taste the best cheeses, wines and pastries.  Vintage shops, supermarkets, theaters, coin laundry... everything needed is within your grasp. Situated on the 4th floor in a very calm property with a central yard, the building is currently under construction during the day, but no noise made before 10am, the access to the room is only by stairs.
7014	This charming Parisian apartment of 33 sqm, recently renovated, includes a fully-equipped kitchen where you will enjoy cooking and share your diner, a large room with a double bed and a sofa bed for one personn. There is a large entrance with a double sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and toilets. It's on the first floor and there is an elevator. The building is typical of the Hausmannian architecture and is located on a quiet and elegant street. The main door is fitted with a security code and there is a concierge in the building. You can also rent bikes (Velib) nearby for a few euros a day. A secure parking is located nearby (a 4 mn walk) : Parking Saint Georges/20, rue Clauzel. The keys will be handed over on the spot at the apartment upon your arrival. Sheets and towels are provided. 	This nice, fully furnished and carefully decorated 33 sqm apartment accomodates up to 4 people. Located rue Hyppolite Lebas, it is close to the trendy rue des Martyrs, to many tourist attractions and only a short walk from Gare du Nord. This charming Parisian apartment of 33 sqm, recently renovated, includes a fully-equipped kitchen where you will enjoy cooking and share your diner, a large room with a double bed and a sofa bed for one personn. There is a large entrance with a double sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and toilets. It's on the first floor and there is an elevator. The building is typical of the Hausmannian architecture and is located on a quiet and elegant street. The main door is fitted with a security code and there is a concierge in the building. You can also rent bikes (Velib) nearby for a few euros a day. A secure parking is located nearby (a 4 mn walk) : Parking Saint Georges/20, rue Clauzel. The keys will be handed over on the spot at the apartment upon your arriva
7015	Mon studio est tout équipé, de la cuisine au salon-chambre.  Mon lit est un lit de 120 x 200 cm et je dispose d'un matelas 1 place mais je n'ai pas de couverture/couette pour ce couchage. 	Mon studio est tout équipé, de la cuisine au salon-chambre.  Mon lit est un lit de 120 x 200 cm et je dispose d'un matelas 1 place mais je n'ai pas de couverture/couette pour ce couchage. Ma cuisine et ma salle de douche sont en libre-accès. Dans mon salon-chambre, je vous laisserai un placard, et les autres ne seront pas à votre disposition. Je serai dans la mesure du possible présente à votre arrivée pour vous accueillir et vous expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appartement. Mon quartier me plait parce qu'il est vivant; il y a des théâtres, des rues insolites, des cafés partout et bien sûr, c'est le quartier pour faire du shopping! Depuis la L 12, sortir à Trinité d'Estienne D'Orves et prendre la rue Blanche et ensuite la rue Pigalle. Depuis la L 9, sortir à Chaussée d'Antin Lafayette et prendre la rue de la Chaussée d'Antin et remonter vers l'Eglise de la Trinité. Puis remonter la rue Blanche et sur votre droite, prendre la rue Pigalle. 
7016	The flat features are chic and modern and it is equipped with a range of modern amenities:  -An elegant sofa and two confortable armchairs  -A flat screen TV (french and foreign channels)  -Free box (high speed internet / WIFI).  -The bedroom contains a normal size bed with a high quality mattress.  -The bathroom completes the dwelling in style with a modern rain shower, washbasin, a large mirror and a toilet. Fresh towels at your disposal.  -The American kitchen is equipped a bar and supplying a microwave, oven, induction hobs, fridge, freezer  In a nutshell, it is an ideal place for a romantic weekend in Paris. The bedroom contains a normal size bed with a high quality mattress. 	The flat features are chic and modern and it is equipped with a range of modern amenities:  -An elegant sofa and two confortable armchairs  -A flat screen TV (french and foreign channels)  -Free box (high speed internet / WIFI).  -The bedroom
7017	This flat has wifi	Situated in a perpendicular street of the Martyrs street, just a step from Montmartre and Grand boulevards, this studio of 23m ² is ideal for a couple. Kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, this apartment is fully furnished This flat has wifi Clos to Saint Lazare Station, Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12), Pigalle (line 2), Grands Boulevards (line 8 and 9)
7018	45M2, queen sized bed, fully equipped kitchen, sofa, computer, (email hidden)pletely renovated and fully equipped:- oven- microwaves- washing machine- coffee machin- flat screen TV - Internet wifiI hope you will enjoy your time in the flat as I enjoy it!	45M2, queen sized bed, fully equipped kitchen, sofa, computer, (email hidden)pletely renovated and fully equipped:- oven- microwaves- washing machine- coffee machin- flat screen TV - Internet wifiI hope you will enjoy your time in the flat as I enjoy it! Close to a handful of cafe's and shops, to the 7, 2 and 12 trains and to all sightseeing .Well-located in the heart of Paris ! Charming apartment, very quiet on a private courtyard, clean, located Rue des Martyrs where bakeries, pastries, chocolate, meats, butchers, delicatessens, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, typically Parisian cafes and restaurants or the hippest heart of the 9th district. This apartment is close to Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, Opera district, Grands Boulevards and the famous Galeries Lafayette. Location: 42 rue des martyrs – Paris 9 2nd floor – Very quiet - no pets please 45M2, queen sized bed, fully equipped kitchen, sofa, computer, (email hidden)pletely renovated and fully equipped:- oven- microw
7019	Charmant appartement parisien donnant sur une cour calme. Il est composé de 3 pièces a vivre : salon, cuisine, chambre. Grand salon avec 2 canapés. Il y a un canapé lit avec matelas 160cm, Television HD 90cm, Table basse pour 4 personnes. Chambre avec lit 160 cm, Dressing et commode. Cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur / congélateur, micro onde, plaque de cuisson, vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire, armoire de toilettes et WC.	Grand 2 pièces atypique et confortable qui peut accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes. L'appartement est situé dans le 9ème arrondissement a proximité de Montmartre, Madeleine, Rivoli, l'Opéra, le Louvre et les Champs Elysées. Charmant appartement parisien donnant sur une cour calme. Il est composé de 3 pièces a vivre : salon, cuisine, chambre. Grand salon avec 2 canapés. Il y a un canapé lit avec matelas 160cm, Television HD 90cm, Table basse pour 4 personnes. Chambre avec lit 160 cm, Dressing et commode. Cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur / congélateur, micro onde, plaque de cuisson, vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire, armoire de toilettes et WC. L'appartement est au 1 er étage d'un immeuble calme et sécurisé par badge. Je me tiens à votre disposition durant tout votre séjour si vous avez des questions ou si vous rencontrez un problème. Quartier a la mode le 9ème arrondissement est au centre de Paris. Rue perpendiculaire a la Rue des Martyrs  Rue perpendiculaire a la Rue Rochechouart  Rue
7020	It's a very nice flat and it is convenient for two people. You will be located in a pleasant area with lots of restaurants, cafés and nice shops. The subway is two steps from the flat. It will be very easy to visit Paris. If you are a cooker, the kitchen has got all the amenities to make great meals.	"Stay in Paris in a charming one bedroom flat and a US kitchen with all amenities. You will love the South Pi area with the trendy rue des Martyrs and its gourmet shops. Montmartre and the big fashion stores are at 15 minutes walking distance. It's a very nice flat and it is convenient for two people. You will be located in a pleasant area with lots of restaurants, cafés and nice shops. The subway is two steps from the flat. It will be very easy to visit Paris. If you are a cooker, the kitchen has got all the amenities to make great meals. You will have access to all equipments (kitchen, flat TV, hi-fi, Nespresso, washing machine, books and CD's) I will be pleased to welcome you and give you my tips to visit Paris. Subway Ligne 12, ""Saint Georges"" Station.  Bus 26 from Gare du Nord (Eurostar). From Roissy airport : Roissy Bus ""Opéra Stop"". From Orly airport : Air France bus to Montparnasse, Subway ligne 12. Minimum stay : Two nights. As it's an old parisian building, there is no lift to"
7021	Lovely 35m² flat with an in house glass-wall, solid parquet floor, a big library, Italian shower and an open kitchen.  The flat is bright with a lot of charm. It has been designed by an architect during summer 2014.  Kitchen is fully equipped and you will find a washing machine with a dryer, WiFi, HiFi system and a TV.	Lovely 35m² flat with an in house glass-wall, solid parquet floor, a big library, Italian shower and an open kitchen.  The flat is bright with a lot of charm. It has been designed by an architect during summer 2014.  Kitchen is fully equipped and you will find a washing machine with a dryer, WiFi, HiFi system and a TV. The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need any suggestion as to where to go ! Charming flat located in a district where you can find bakeries, pastries, delicatessens, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, Parisian cafes and restaurants of the charming heart of the 9th district. This apartment is close to Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, Opera district, Grands Boulevards and Galeries L
7022	Appartement Haussmanien de standing au premier étage d'un immeuble calme, 127 m2, composé de quatre chambres, 2 salles de bain, un toilette, une cuisine et une grande pièce à vivre. La cuisine: - Un étage du frigidaire vous est réservé, micro onde, four, lave vaisselle, grand plan de travail, vaisselle plats et casserole en tout genre sont à votre disposition. Le petit plus, une chaine hifi pour cuisiner en musique avec un verre de vin... Salle de bain:  - Douche (on tient à deux ou trois...), lave linge, sèche linge. Salon:  - Télé diffusée sur vidéo projecteur, internet jusqu'à 120 méga/s (la fibre), accès wifi, 3 grands canapés conviviaux, bar, cheminé, moulures au plafond.	Belle chambre de 23 m2 dans grand appartement de 127m2. Pour des raison professionnel je dois quitter ma colloc pour des périodes de 6jours à 1 mois PHOTOS PROCHAINEMENT Appartement Haussmanien de standing au premier étage d'un immeuble calme, 127 m2, composé de quatre chambres, 2 salles de bain, un toilette, une cuisine et une grande pièce à vivre. La cuisine: - Un étage du frigidaire vous est réservé, micro onde, four, lave vaisselle, grand plan de travail, vaisselle plats et casserole en tout genre sont à votre disposition. Le petit plus, une chaine hifi pour cuisiner en musique avec un verre de vin... Salle de bain:  - Douche (on tient à deux ou trois...), lave linge, sèche linge. Salon:  - Télé diffusée sur vidéo projecteur, internet jusqu'à 120 méga/s (la fibre), accès wifi, 3 grands canapés conviviaux, bar, cheminé, moulures au plafond. La location comprend l'accès à toutes les parties communes ainsi qu'à la plus grande chambre de l'appartement, 23m2, grand lit de 160x200, espac
7023	On a quiet one way street, the flat is reached via an attractive inner courtyard. No street or metro noise. Easy, secure digicode access, no stairs, save your legs for climbing the Eiffel Tower! Plenty of bars, cafés and restaurants close by. Good range, take-aways to gourmet. Supermarkets just a short walk away.	Quiet flat with spacious separate bedroom, ideal for a couple, in a great area. Could fit four good friends at a squeeze. (One double bed in bedroom, one pull out sofa bed in sitting room) Many original features maintained in the decoration. On a quiet one way street, the flat is reached via an attractive inner courtyard. No street or metro noise. Easy, secure digicode access, no stairs, save your legs for climbing the Eiffel Tower! Plenty of bars, cafés and restaurants close by. Good range, take-aways to gourmet. Supermarkets just a short walk away. Full amenities (washer-dryer, TV and DVD/Blu-Ray, wifi, induction hob, oven, refrigerator, freezer). Sheets, blankets and towels provided. Feel free to ask me as much questions you would like before or during your stay in Paris. Right in the heart of Paris, come and enjoy all that the city has to offer. Walking distance to many Paris attractions - Moulin Rouge 2 mins, Gallerie LaFayette 15 mins, Sacre Coeur 15 mins. Good transport links wi
7024		Je propose à la location mon petit appartement de 26m2 entièrement refait à neuf Idéal pour un week-end romantique en couple, et bénéficiant d'une excellente situation à deux pas du Moulin Rouge, que vous apercevrez des fenêtres. Meublé et équipé.
7025		Cosy flat close to SACRÉ COEUR, the metro is at 5minutes by walk, the flat is tow stations from the downtown, it's perfect for lovers or tow friends coming to visiting the wonderful Paris You can reach all the city of Paris by metro
7026	Located in the 9th district, between the Opera, the Gare Saint Lazare and Gare du Nord, this bright flat is ideal for discovering Paris! Overlooking an inner courtyard, it is particularly quiet. It has a bathroom and a kitchen, both separated from the spacious living rooms. If I am available, I will be glad to share with you over dinner or help you discover the nightlife of Paris! The building overlooks a pedestrian and very nice shopping street. A room with a single bed and a living room with pull-out sofa bed for 2 people. Very pleasant to live alone, up to 3 people (included a couple). Subway : Line 7 (Cadet), Line 8,9 (Grand Boulevards), Line 12 (Notre-Dame-De-Lorette) Velib station in front of the building	Logement confortable et situé dans un quartier non seulement central mais très agréable et typiquement parisien. Located in the 9th district, between the Opera, the Gare Saint Lazare and Gare du Nord, this bright flat is ideal for discovering Paris! Overlooking an inner courtyard, it is particularly quiet. It has a bathroom and a kitchen, both separated from the spacious living rooms. If I am available, I will be glad to share with you over dinner or help you discover the nightlife of Paris! The building overlooks a pedestrian and very nice shopping street. A room with a single bed and a living room with pull-out sofa bed for 2 people. Very pleasant to live alone, up to 3 people (included a couple). Subway : Line 7 (Cadet), Line 8,9 (Grand Boulevards), Line 12 (Notre-Dame-De-Lorette) Velib station in front of the building Métro : Ligne 7 (Cadet), Ligne 8,9 (Grand Boulevards), Ligne 12 (Notre-Dame-De-Lorette) Station Vélib en bas de l'immeuble.
7027	Standing This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building without elevator. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment is bright. The master bedroom overlooks a courtyard, the second bedroom gives on a quiet street. Layout This 57 sqm apartment has been recently renovated. Very bright, comfortable, it can accommodate up to four people. It consists of two separate bedrooms, a living room with open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. The living / dining room is accessible from the lobby. It is equipped with a comfortable sofa and a coffee table. This table can be modulated to become a dining table for four people (four chairs are at your disposal). To watch cable TV or DVDs, you will enjoy a king size television on the wall, but you can also watch a good movie comfortably installed in the couch if you use the video projector and the giant screen (in front of the library). A piano is also at your disposal. The kitchen features modern equipments, it is open to the l	Contemporary, luminous, this 57 sqm 2-bedroom apartment located in the trendy SoPi (South Pigalle) area is comfortable, tastefully furnished, featuring nothing but high quality equipments ! Standing This apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a building without elevator. The access is secured with a door code. The apartment is bright. The master bedroom overlooks a courtyard, the second bedroom gives on a quiet street. Layout This 57 sqm apartment has been recently renovated. Very bright, comfortable, it can accommodate up to four people. It consists of two separate bedrooms, a living room with open kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. The living / dining room is accessible from the lobby. It is equipped with a comfortable sofa and a coffee table. This table can be modulated to become a dining table for four people (four chairs are at your disposal). To watch cable TV or DVDs, you will enjoy a king size television on the wall, but you can also watch a good movie comfortably insta
7028	Appartement soigné, bien décoré, calme et bien équipé. Parquet, fenêtres, haut plafond..tout au style parisien!	Appartement charmant et chaleureux. Typiquement parisien, près de Montmartre. Sortir, boire, manger tout est possible dans le quartier. Bonne ambiance,vous y serez comme chez vous!  Bien connecté à tout Paris. Charming appartement, typically Parisien near to Montmartre. Nice ambiance inside and outside! Lots of transports available. The place to be! Appartement soigné, bien décoré, calme et bien équipé. Parquet, fenêtres, haut plafond..tout au style parisien! Vous avez accès à la wifi. Nous partagerons les: salon, cuisine, salle douche, toilettes. Accueil chaleureux. En semaine, je suis absente pendant la journée, vous disposez de tout l'appartement! Itinéraires proposés pour les visites et les sorties. Quartier convivial et vivant. Tous les commerces sont présents, bars et de restaurants sympas à proximité. Très bien connecté ! Gare du Nord (métro lignes 4, 5, accès direct aux aéroports avec le RER B) Poissonnière (métro ligne 7) Anvers ou Barbès Rochechouart (métro ligne 2, 4) Préfér
7029	Grand salon avec canapé lit (2places). + chambre lit simple + lit de bébé si besoin + cuisine équipée avec four et 4 gaz .( vaisselle a disposition) + salle de bain avec machine a laver avec baignoire. + WC séparés. +linges de maison .	Bonjour, Location appartement cosy Idéal couple avec 1ou 2enfants : 46m² - 2 pièces Paris 9ème. Opéra /Havre-Caumartin ( très calme le soir :)) A 2 minutes à pied des métros ! (phone number hidden), rer A rer E et station vélib ' et bus ! Merci ! Grand salon avec canapé lit (2places). + chambre lit simple + lit de bébé si besoin + cuisine équipée avec four et 4 gaz .( vaisselle a disposition) + salle de bain avec machine a laver avec baignoire. + WC séparés. +linges de maison . A 2 minutes à pied des métros ! (phone number hidden), rer A rer E et station vélib ' et bus !
7030	This 60 sq.m. furnished Paris Apartment located on rue de Vintimille, Paris 9th arrondissement - District Montmartre/Grands boulevards - in a stately building. (Moulin Rouge is at 1 min by walk). The flat includes 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, a separate kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 terrace with southern exposure. This Parisian apartment is on the 5th floor. No lift. Heating in this apartment is provided by individual gas-fueled heaters. Three minutes on foot of several subways, (line 13, line 2, line 12) Services (All the amenities (dishwasher/ washing machine,..) , Internet, 	This 60 sq.m. furnished Paris Apartment located on rue de Vintimille, Paris 9th arrondissement - District Montmartre/Grands boulevards - in a stately building. (Moulin Rouge is at 1 min by walk). The flat includes 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, a separate kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 terrace with southern exposure. This Parisian apartment is on the 5th floor. No lift. Heating in this apartment is provided by individual gas-fueled heaters. Three minutes on foot of several subways, (line 13, line 2, line 12) Services (All the amenities (dishwasher/ washing machine,..) , Internet, 
7031	Beautiful and large studio, fully renovated, in the heart of Paris in a beautiful building Haussmann. Quiet and very comfortable apartment is ideally located for holidays, but also to stay temporarily in the capital as part of an internship or a professional mission. Many parisian sights are within walking distance in minutes as the department stores, the Opera Garnier, the Trinité d'Estienne Orves. Many theaters and restaurants too. A short subway ride or a twenty minute walk from The Madeleine, the Champs Elysées, the Tuileries, the Louvre, Montmartre, the Grevin Museum. With twenty minutes by subway to go almost anywhere in Paris: The Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, the Hotel de Ville, Saint Germain des Pres, Saint-Michel etc. .. Less than 2 minutes walk from the subway station Trinity Estienne d'Orves (line 12): direct access to Montparnasse and the Porte de Versailles Exhibition center. Less than 5 minutes walk stations Chaussée d'Antin (line 9 and 7 direct access to the city 	Beautiful and large studio, fully renovated, in the heart of Paris in a beautiful building Haussmann. Quiet and very comfortable apartment is ideally located for holidays, but also to stay temporarily in the capital as part of an internship or a professional mission. Many parisian sights are within walking distance in minutes as the department stores, the Opera Garnier, the Trinité d'Estienne Orves. Many theaters and restaurants too. A short subway ride or a twenty minute walk from The Madeleine, the Champs Elysées, the Tuileries, the Louvre, Montmartre, the Grevin Museum. With twenty minutes by subway to go almost anywhere in Paris: The Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, the Hotel de Ville, Saint Germain des Pres, Saint-Michel etc. .. Less than 2 minutes walk from the subway station Trinity Estienne d'Orves (line 12): direct access to Montparnasse and the Porte de Versailles Exhibition center. Less than 5 minutes walk stations Chaussée d'Antin (line 9 and 7 direct access to the city 
7032	Ce logement est idéal pour séjourner en famille à Paris.  En effet nous avons deux enfants en bas âge, 2 ans et 4 ans , donc l'appartement est adaptée pour eux: lits, jeux,... Il est très agréable, décoré avec goût, situé au 5ème étage d'un bel immeuble. La  cour de l'immeuble est très jolie, très parisienne.  Un petit ascenseur dessert l'étage. Il est très lumineux avec de grandes baies vitrées, donnant sur une terrasse de 20m2, aménagée avec une table, des chaises et une plancha!  La vue est sur les toits de Paris! La chambre 1 dispose d'un lit deux places. Elle est très agréable car elle est assez spacieuse et donne sur la terrasse grâce à de grandes baies vitrées. Même si cette chambre donne sur la rue, elle est calme, la rue n'est pas très passante, nous sommes en étage élevé et nous avons du double vitrage. Des placards sont à disposition. La cuisine est très bien équipée: lave-vaisselle, grill-pain, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière, bouilloire, plaques à induction, four, fo	Ce logement est idéal pour séjourner en famille à Paris.  En effet nous avons deux enfants en bas âge, 2 ans et 4 ans , donc l'appartement est adaptée pour eux: lits, jeux,... Il est très agréable, décoré avec goût, situé au 5ème étage d'un bel immeuble. La  cour de l'immeuble est très jolie, très parisienne.  Un petit ascenseur dessert l'étage. Il est très lumineux avec de grandes baies vitrées, donnant sur une terrasse de 20m2, aménagée avec une table, des chaises et une plancha!  La vue est sur les toits de Paris! La chambre 1 dispose d'un lit deux places. Elle est très agréable car elle est assez spacieuse et donne sur la terrasse grâce à de grandes baies vitrées. Même si cette chambre donne sur la rue, elle est calme, la rue n'est pas très passante, nous sommes en étage élevé et nous avons du double vitrage. Des placards sont à disposition. La cuisine est très bien équipée: lave-vaisselle, grill-pain, réfrigérateur, congélateur, cafetière, bouilloire, plaques à induction, four, fo
7033	 This studio apartment is very calm and bathed in light. Being surrounded by two gardens is reminiscent of a quaint village inside a large city, with the conviviality that one can expect. The wide top-quality double bed (160 x 200 cm) is completely new, comfortable, just as you would expect at the hotel!	Snuggled between Montmartre and les Galeries Lafayette, at a stone's throw from la rue des Martyrs, this charming bohemian studio apartment overlooks a beautiful green convivial garden, where guests can eat, drink, relax in a warm sunlit ambiance. This studio apartment is very calm and bathed in light. Being surrounded by two gardens is reminiscent of a quaint village inside a large city, with the conviviality that one can expect. The wide top-quality double bed (160 x 200 cm) is completely new, comfortable, just as you would expect at the hotel! Depending on the period of the year, guests will have a direct contact either with me, or with a trustworthy friend/family member living in the vicinity. At a short walk away one can find quaint shops (the renown rue des Martyrs), typical cafés, numerous restaurants, and four supermarkets. It is in one of the hearts of Paris, but shielded from the noise and pollution.  Metro lines 2, 7, and 12. All of Paris is within reach. The Gare du Nord is
7034	Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur,  ce studio entièrement rénové en 2013 vous offre tout le confort nécessaire lors de votre séjour.   Son armoire lit est équipe d'un véritable matelas double,  sa cuisine est petite mais très fonctionnelle, et la salle d'eau moderne avec grande douche. 	Vos vacances à 2 pas de Montmartre. Studio tout confort: pièce principale avec armoire lit, coin cuisine très fonctionnelle, véritable salle d'eau . Couchage pour deux personnes. Linge, serviettes, etc... fournie. Disponible juillet/aout/septembre. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur,  ce studio entièrement rénové en 2013 vous offre tout le confort nécessaire lors de votre séjour.   Son armoire lit est équipe d'un véritable matelas double,  sa cuisine est petite mais très fonctionnelle, et la salle d'eau moderne avec grande douche. Tout l'appartement. Vous êtes à quelques minutes a pied de Montmartre et son Sacré Cœur, de Pigalle et son Moulin Rouge.  Les buses et Métros sont a proximité,  ainsi qu'une multitude de restaurants et magasins.  Les transports les plus proches sont Métro Anvers sur la ligne 2, ainsi que le bus 85. Quoi que les horaires de rentrer et sortie sont flexible,  si l'heure n'est pas fixé en amont, l'entré est présumé être 16h00 et la sortie 12h00.   N’hésitez pas de me d
7035		Studio design de 35m2 situé dans le 9ème arrondissement à 5min de Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra ou les grands magasins. Très calme. Appartement refait à neuf. Machine à laver le linge, la vaisselle, douche à l'italienne, TV 3D...
7036	Logement refair a neuf Ce petit studio et plein de charme Il convient a 2 personne maximun Rue très calme Il est d'une surface de 9m2 habitable Avec une douche a l'italienne a l'interieur Les Wc sont privatif est sur le palier Il se trouve au 6 eme sans ascenceur Les escaliers sont en colimaçon donc grosse valises à éviter si possible  Malheureusement je ne pourrai pas passer de temps sur place avec vous, mais je suis joignable a n'imporqu'elle moment Je je me ferais un plaisir de repondre a toutes vos attentes Le quartier est très animé il y as de multiples bar restaurant ouvert à tout heure C'est un quartier historique de Paris est l'un des plus visité  Il y as des supermarchés a 50 mètres autour du logement  Place clichy Moulin rouge Paris saint lazare Montmartre Le studio est bien desservi En metro la station la plus proche et le metro BLANCHE Le stationement est payant dans le quartier	Pied a terre pour amoureux de passage Dans la plus belle ville du monde Logement accessible a n'importe quel heure  de la nuit je suis joignable et je laisse les institutions pour récupérer la clé Logement refair a neuf Ce petit studio et plein de charme Il convient a 2 personne maximun Rue très calme Il est d'une surface de 9m2 habitable Avec une douche a l'italienne a l'interieur Les Wc sont privatif est sur le palier Il se trouve au 6 eme sans ascenceur Les escaliers sont en colimaçon donc grosse valises à éviter si possible  Malheureusement je ne pourrai pas passer de temps sur place avec vous, mais je suis joignable a n'imporqu'elle moment Je je me ferais un plaisir de repondre a toutes vos attentes Le quartier est très animé il y as de multiples bar restaurant ouvert à tout heure C'est un quartier historique de Paris est l'un des plus visité  Il y as des supermarchés a 50 mètres autour du logement  Place clichy Moulin rouge Paris saint lazare Montmartre Le studio est bien desserv
7037		Nice and cozy studio located at the foot of the Sacred Heart. Can accommodate two people in this quiet home at the bottom of a bright and charming courtyard. Enjoy his kitchen, his modern bathroom and his proximity to the metro. Ideal for couples !
7038		In a 100 m2 traditionnal Haussmann flat, you have your bedroom with piano and hi fi stereo. You have free access to the kitchen and the living room (TV with Canal + and Canal Sat - more than 2,000 movies). Near the trendy rue des Martyrs and Pigalle. You have free access to the kitchen and the living room (TV with Canal + and Canal Sat - more than 2,000 movies. You will share the common spaces (bathroom, kitchen, living room) with 2 exceptionals flatmates who will love to deliver you the area secrets.
7039	Small apartment bathed in light. Confortable and snug. On the 7th (top) floor with lift/elevator. Facing south. The pretty terrace, with its magnificent view overlooking Paris, is ideal for meals and relaxation. The city's beautiful monuments can be admired at all hours of the day and night. The apartment is situated at the foot of the Sacré Coeur with the funicular railway to take you to the top of the Butte Montmartre. It is located in a small, calm, street away from the bustle of tourist activity. Owing to where it is situated this charming apartment provides further advantages : - a lively neighbourhood with many shops within 5 minutes walking distance, - three nearby metro stations, Anvers (line 2), Abbesses (line 12) et Barbes-Rochechouart (line 4), for easy and rapid access to the center of Paris, the main railway stations, and other places of interest during your visit. The apartment has just undergone complete renovation and has recently been placed on AIRBNB lists. A fully eq	Small apartment bathed in light. Confortable and snug. On the 7th (top) floor with lift/elevator. Facing south. The pretty terrace, with its magnificent view overlooking Paris, is ideal for meals and relaxation. The city's beautiful monuments can be admired at all hours of the day and night. The apartment is situated at the foot of the Sacré Coeur with the funicular railway to take you to the top of the Butte Montmartre. It is located in a small, calm, street away from the bustle of tourist activity. Owing to where it is situated this charming apartment provides further advantages : - a lively neighbourhood with many shops within 5 minutes walking distance, - three nearby metro stations, Anvers (line 2), Abbesses (line 12) et Barbes-Rochechouart (line 4), for easy and rapid access to the center of Paris, the main railway stations, and other places of interest during your visit. The apartment has just undergone complete renovation and has recently been placed on AIRBNB lists. A fully eq
7040	Niché au coeur de Paris, à 2 pas de Saint Lazare, proximité tous transports et commerces, à 3 minutes à pied des grands Magasins, et à 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur et de tous les sites touristiques incontournables! Lit bébé et tout le matériel pour les bébés sont disponibles!	Niché au coeur de Paris, à 2 pas de Saint Lazare, proximité tous transports et commerces, à 3 minutes à pied des grands Magasins, et à 15 minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur et de tous les sites touristiques incontournables! Lit bébé et tout le matériel pour les bébés sont disponibles! Je réponds à toutes les questions, de manière réactive! Très vivant, nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité! de nombreux métros et bus desservent la Gare Saint Lazare, véritable carrefour des transports !!
7041	The apartment is truly nice.  It is where I live, meaning it has everything you can expect: - quiet (no street noise) but central - big - modern but in an ancient building (wooden floor, chemneys, ...) It's good to relax, to have a drink, it's good for Parisians like me and for travelers like you :-)	This flat has an A-M-A-Z-I-N-G location +  it's cumfy + it has unique features like videoprojector :-) Wooden floors, chemneys, light, white walls, everything to like in this classic renovated flat located in the HEART of Paris. And great host! The apartment is truly nice.  It is where I live, meaning it has everything you can expect: - quiet (no street noise) but central - big - modern but in an ancient building (wooden floor, chemneys, ...) It's good to relax, to have a drink, it's good for Parisians like me and for travelers like you :-) You have access to everything including my videoprojector that I use to watch movies on huge screen as you can see on the pictures, and to playing cards. My work is in the area so unless you book your trip during my vacation, I'll be able to help you instantly with everything, and if I am on vacation, some friends always help me helping you :-) Galeries Lafayette is just around the corner for shopping, but far enough to avoid the crowd of tourists :
7042	This 65 sqm apartment is located on the border of the 8th and 9th arrondissements. Very secured and equipped with a lift, it's a typical parisian apartment dating of the 19th century. The living room contains a TV and two sofas, one of which can convert into a sofa bed. The newly refurbished kitchen, located off of the entrance corrior, is fully equipped with modern, stainless steel appliances and in particular a dish washer and a dryer.  To the right of the kitchen is the bedroom, with a queen-sized bed. The bathroom , which features a bathtub/shower comibnation is just beside.  The top-floor views are truly splendid, and let in lots of light. Each window also opens up to a small balcony. 	This bright, sunny, air-conditioned apartment is located on the border of the 8th  and 9th arrondissements. Calm and cozy, it is on the top floor of the building,  meaning that it remains silent.  This 65 sqm apartment is located on the border of the 8th and 9th arrondissements. Very secured and equipped with a lift, it's a typical parisian apartment dating of the 19th century. The living room contains a TV and two sofas, one of which can convert into a sofa bed. The newly refurbished kitchen, located off of the entrance corrior, is fully equipped with modern, stainless steel appliances and in particular a dish washer and a dryer.  To the right of the kitchen is the bedroom, with a queen-sized bed. The bathroom , which features a bathtub/shower comibnation is just beside.  The top-floor views are truly splendid, and let in lots of light. Each window also opens up to a small balcony.  The unit is private and self-catering. You'll have access to all kitchen equipment, television, wifi, a
7043	A very traditional Parisian flat with a contemporary chic decoration.	Spacious 3 bedrooms + 1 large dressing + dining room apartment on 5th floor. Lovely views of the city life from the balcony and Paris beautiful roofs to the South. Metro, restaurants and shops at the doorstep and walking distance to many attractions. A very traditional Parisian flat with a contemporary chic decoration. The guest will be met by us or somebody that know the apartment and area well. We will answer any questions you may have and make you feel at home. Someone will always be on hand to anwer any queries or questions you may have. Place de Clichy sits perfectly between the 9th, 17th and 18th districts of Paris. Many locals consider these areas as some of the best Paris has to offer. Montmartre and the 18th with it's fairytail cobbled streets, winding staircases, artists and bohemians, traditional french restaurants and the most wonderful views over the city. The 9th with it's bustling bars, contempory restaurants, trendy fashion boutiques and the 17th with it's markets, cose
7044	L'appartement est très cosy ! Idéal pour un petit couple en visite ou pour un voyageur moins pressé. Il est fonctionnel et vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous ! Vous pourrez explorer le quartier de l'Europe, Pigalle, Montmartre sans avoir à prendre les transports ! Le studio est très bien meublé.	L'appartement est très cosy ! Idéal pour un petit couple en visite ou pour un voyageur moins pressé. Il est fonctionnel et vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous ! Vous pourrez explorer le quartier de l'Europe, Pigalle, Montmartre sans avoir à prendre les transports ! Le studio est très bien meublé. En plein cœur du 9ème arrondissement, il est à proximité immédiate des grandes attractions : Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Sacré Cœur, Montmartre, Grands Magasins, Casino de Paris, Eglise de la Trinité, Eglise Saint Augustin.  Très facilement accessible, le Parc Monceaux est idéal pour vos footings du dimanche matin et celui des Batignolles parfait pour un pique-nique improvisé ! Si vous souhaitez faire un peu de shopping, aucun problème : le Boulevard Haussmann est à 5 minutes à Pied (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) ainsi que les rues commerçantes de Caumartin et Saint Lazare, sans oublier le centre commercial de la gare.   Question attractions culturelles, le quartier regorge d’animations, des peti
7045		48M2, 1 Bedroom + large living room (w. sofa bed), located on rue Fontaine (9th arrondissement), 4 th floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people.  Lively area, quite flat. Charming place. Blanche, Pigalle, St Georges Metro.  
7046	Beautiful room for 2 people with a large living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a small bathroom. You will be near stations St Lazare, Place de Clichy and Pigalle : perfect for going out, moving in Paris and visiting in Paris ! We won't be here during your stay but we can give you some good places to go. You will find the wifi code on the table on your arrival.	Apartment of 40m² with a bedroom, a large living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Located in the heart of Paris in the 9th, 10 minutes from Sacré Coeur, Opera, Pigalle and St Lazare: ideal for visiting or moving out in all Paris! Beautiful room for 2 people with a large living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a small bathroom. You will be near stations St Lazare, Place de Clichy and Pigalle : perfect for going out, moving in Paris and visiting in Paris ! We won't be here during your stay but we can give you some good places to go. You will find the wifi code on the table on your arrival. You have the whole apartment for you. The apartment enjoys quick access to each place of interest (Champs Elysées, Marais, Saint Germain, Latin Quarter, the Louvre, Notre Dame Cathedral ...) thanks to the proximity of metro stations: Liège, St Lazare, Blanche, Place de Clichy and Pigalle (all within 10 minutes walk). For those who like to go out, the Pigalle / Montmartre neighborhood is full of good bars 
7047		A louer dans grand appartement en colocation (deux colocataires), chambre tout confort, calme et lumineuse.Proche de la gare du nord et Pigalle.Salle de bains avec baignoire et machine à laver,cuisine équipée ( plaques, four, réfrigérateur...)WIFI-TV 
7048	Haussmannian apartment with a lot of light, nice balcony on top of Place de Clichy. Decorated with a lot of care. The 2 bedrooms are quiet (located in the back of the apartment). On the 2nd floor of a nice and quiet building. 	In the middle of Paris, beautiful Haussmannian style apartment (wooden flore, chemine, molding), 85m2, with all the confort. Spacious living room of 35m2 right on top of Place de Clichy. Perfect to visit Paris with your family or your friends Haussmannian apartment with a lot of light, nice balcony on top of Place de Clichy. Decorated with a lot of care. The 2 bedrooms are quiet (located in the back of the apartment). On the 2nd floor of a nice and quiet building.  High speed WiFi, draft beer, nice dishes, big hooven, micro wave, 5 stoves, american fridge, beamer, rain forest shower Just outside the subway station, lively neighborhood, 2 feets away from Montmarte, Pigalle and parc Monceau. You will find all the restaurant, bars, theatre just outside the house. Best location in Paris, 20 minutes from any place in town Place de Clichy, lots of bus and subway connections, close to the St Lazare train station.
7049	Close to les Grands magasins and Opera. 48 m2 unit.  1bd Room with queen size bed. 1 family Room with coach in queen size bed. Unit can take 4 adults.	Real shoppers Addict Apartment. Close to Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Walking distance : 5mn to Opera. 5mn to Madeleine 20mn to les Champs Élysées. Best place to visit Paris. Subways station, train station and RER at less a minute.
7050	Nicolas, me (Caroline) - both working in the movie buisness, and our baby girl of 15 month old (Victoire) are renting a nice and large bedroom, in our big 140m² hausmanian flat, tow steps from Montmartre. We won't be in the flat in August, so you'll have the place for yourself (only feeding the cat :)) But we will be leaving tips for making your stay in Paris the best ever ! The bedroom is fully furnished, with double size bed, desk, storage and closet, and it has its own decorative typical parisian chimney and a great balcony with clear and sunny views. The price includes Internet and wifi in all rooms, house cleaning of the flat and bedrooms (4 hours a week), linen and towels...	We rent a very spacious and bright bedroom in our 135m2 flat and e would be very happy to welcome you ! Nicolas, me (Caroline) - both working in the movie buisness, and our baby girl of 15 month old (Victoire) are renting a nice and large bedroom, in our big 140m² hausmanian flat, tow steps from Montmartre. We won't be in the flat in August, so you'll have the place for yourself (only feeding the cat :)) But we will be leaving tips for making your stay in Paris the best ever ! The bedroom is fully furnished, with double size bed, desk, storage and closet, and it has its own decorative typical parisian chimney and a great balcony with clear and sunny views. The price includes Internet and wifi in all rooms, house cleaning of the flat and bedrooms (4 hours a week), linen and towels... The bathroom is to share with my baby girl (two bathrooms in the flat). The kitchen is big, and well-equiped : two fridges (one just for you), freezer, big oven and washing-machine. It has a nice balcony an
7051	Sublime 78sqm two-bedroom / two bathrooms apartment , in a private residence, rue Ballu near  the Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with a great metro access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped. Wonderful, spacious and bright living-room / dinning area.  The outstanding bay window, will provide skylights to the apartment. A electric curtain enables you to hide the lights when it's time to sleep ;) The TV corner is composed with a design and very comfortable sofa, and two armchairs around the coffee table. There is also a double sofa-bed in the corner, a nice curtain (that doesn't appear on the picture) divides the space into a cosy sleeping area for to two people. The large and very design dinning table, with all the dishes and cutleries you need, will permit to you and your friends/family to enjoy your diners in style! Fully equipped kitchen, with: fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, stove, expresso machine, kettle and t	Sublime 78sqm 2-BDR , in a private residence, rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with great metro access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped. Sublime 78sqm two-bedroom / two bathrooms apartment , in a private residence, rue Ballu near  the Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with a great metro access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped. Wonderful, spacious and bright living-room / dinning area.  The outstanding bay window, will provide skylights to the apartment. A electric curtain enables you to hide the lights when it's time to sleep ;) The TV corner is composed with a design and very comfortable sofa, and two armchairs around the coffee table. There is also a double sofa-bed in the corner, a nice curtain (that doesn't appear on the picture) divides the space into a cosy sleeping area for to two people. The large and very design dinning tab
7052	Directly connected to subway station and easy to reach touristic places! Breakfast is not included in the price.	Nice location, great view, lend a sunny, cosy and clean room(17m2) in the 2 pieces apartment (44m2), on the 4th floor.The room is equipped with single bed, closet and table. Sheets and towels are included. free wifi, guidebooks, super friendly host. Directly connected to subway station and easy to reach touristic places! Breakfast is not included in the price. The apartment is within a few minutes walk from the Montmartre, Opera, the shopping centers Lafayette, Printemps. You can discover Paris by foot or you have easy access to the bus & métro stations. It's a very safe area even at night and the perfect place to start your sightseeing tour. I live this area over 10yrs, so if you want to know more the interesting place, i'm always ready for u. You can find great shops, cafes and restaurants right around this flat but it is quite and safe at night. Metro: line 13 Liege, line 3 Europe, line 2, 13 Place de Clichy, line 3, 9, 12, 14  RER E Gare Saint Lazare. Bus: 95 (Porte de Vanves  Port
7053	Coup de coeur assuré pour cet appartement plein de charme ! Au cœur de Paris (cage d'escalier classée au patrimoine), planté dans un grand jardin privatif que seuls ceux qui passeront la porte pourront découvrir. Vous serez charmés dès votre arrivée.  Et c'est tout en haut de l'immeuble (par ascenseur), que notre studio, baigné de lumière, vous attend, pour admirer du haut de ses deux balcons la magnifique vue sur le Sacré Cœur, et profiter du calme du jardin.  Alliant le charme de l'ancien avec ses tomettes et ses carreaux en ciment, et un mobilier design ce studio est entièrement équipé : Petite cuisine ouverte sur la pièce principale, avec petite table de bistrot typique des cafés parisiens, lit sur mezzanine, écran plat, salle de douche avec linge.  On ne présente plus le 9eme arrondissement avec ses théâtres, ses multiples bars et restaurants, et ses petits commerces de quartier. Il vous faudra pas mal de temps pour découvrir toutes ses richesses...  Bien desservi avec 4 stations 	Coup de coeur assuré pour cet appartement plein de charme ! Au cœur de Paris (cage d'escalier classée au patrimoine), planté dans un grand jardin privatif que seuls ceux qui passeront la porte pourront découvrir. Vous serez charmés dès votre arrivée.  Et c'est tout en haut de l'immeuble (par ascenseur), que notre studio, baigné de lumière, vous attend, pour admirer du haut de ses deux balcons la magnifique vue sur le Sacré Cœur, et profiter du calme du jardin.  Alliant le charme de l'ancien avec ses tomettes et ses carreaux en ciment, et un mobilier design ce studio est entièrement équipé : Petite cuisine ouverte sur la pièce principale, avec petite table de bistrot typique des cafés parisiens, lit sur mezzanine, écran plat, salle de douche avec linge.  On ne présente plus le 9eme arrondissement avec ses théâtres, ses multiples bars et restaurants, et ses petits commerces de quartier. Il vous faudra pas mal de temps pour découvrir toutes ses richesses...  Bien desservi avec 4 stations 
7054	Très bel appartement, lumineux et calme. Petite chambre avec très bon lit double, vue sur cour intérieure. J'ai également de jeunes chats adorables, très habitués à voir du monde. Pour votre tranquillité, je ne les laisserai pas accéder à la chambre pendant la nuit. Nice, bright and cosy apartment. Small bedroom with a nice double bed, courtyard view. I also have 2 young adorable cats, very well behaved. I won't let them have access to the bedroom during the night though.	"Très bel appartement, lumineux et calme. Petite chambre avec très bon lit double, vue sur cour intérieure. J'ai également de jeunes chats adorables, très habitués à voir du monde. Pour votre tranquillité, je ne les laisserai pas accéder à la chambre pendant la nuit. Nice, bright and cosy apartment. Small bedroom with a nice double bed, courtyard view. I also have 2 young adorable cats, very well behaved. I won't let them have access to the bedroom during the night though. Vous pouvez bien entendu utiliser la salle de bains (WC, douche...).  Je travaille de chez moi, il m'est donc important d'avoir du temps seule durant la journée, l'appartement étant également mon ""bureau"". Wi-Fi gratuit, draps et serviettes de toilette fournis. You can of course use the bathroom (toilets, shower...). It's important to know that i work from home, so I need time by myself during the day, my apartment being also my ""office"". Free Wi-Fi, sheets and towels provided. Je suis ouverte, et parle couramment ang"
7055	South Pigalle, near Monmartre. A spacious and quiet appartement, ideal for a family, with two bedrooms, a living room, and a large dining room.  3 single beds, 1 double bed. An exceptional location in the heart of Paris, lot of theaters, restaurants, concept stores, South Pigalle (or SoPi as we affectionately call it) is getting a name as one of the coolest areas in Paris.	South Pigalle, near Monmartre. A spacious and quiet appartement, ideal for a family, with two bedrooms, a living room, and a large dining room.  3 single beds, 1 double bed. An exceptional location in the heart of Paris, lot of theaters, restaurants, concept stores, South Pigalle (or SoPi as we affectionately call it) is getting a name as one of the coolest areas in Paris.
7056	The appartement is composed of two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen open on the livingroom.	The appartement is composed of two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen open on the livingroom. You will have access to your room and the bathroom. I will be available by email or phone for any questions. The area is very close from teh Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre and the street 'rue des Martyrs'. Our area is full of wonderful quality of French cuisine restaurants and fashion places to have drinks. The chic avenue de Trudaine welcomes a typical French market. There are 3 tube stations near by the appartement: Poissonnière, Gare du Nord and Barbès-Rochechouart. Taxi station and Velib station are 2 minutes away from the appartement. There is an adorable cat living with us.
7057	Second floor. Living, bedroom, small kitchen, small bathroom and toilets separated.- Free phone access to all France Telecom home numbers -TV service with a free internet access. -Washing machine only 200€ deposit required + housekeeping(38€). During wintertime deposit is 480€ because of electricity expenses.	4 days stay minimum Second floor. Living, bedroom, small kitchen, small bathroom and toilets separated.- Free phone access to all France Telecom home numbers -TV service with a free internet access. -Washing machine only 200€ deposit required + housekeeping(38€). During wintertime deposit is 480€ because of electricity expenses. Subway line 2 stations: Blanche or Pigalle line 12 Place de Clichy is convenient as well bus stop 74 is across the street!! Arriving from CDG Airport. very simple: take the RER and stop at Gare du Nord. Switch from RER to subway to get on line 2 heading towards Dauphine. Stop at Blanche. Pierre Fontaine street is at the angle of MONOPRIX (supermarket you can not miss it)
7058	Optimized space with a 2-in-1 washer and dryer and collapsible breakfast table.	A 1-bedroom Parisian apartment 5-minutes on foot from Opera Garnier, Paris' famous department store, Galleries Lafayette, and 15 minutes to the Louvre. Centrally located in a lively quarter with the privacy and peace of a Hidden Hideaway. Optimized space with a 2-in-1 washer and dryer and collapsible breakfast table. We live & work in Paris and are always accessible by SMS or phone. A super quarter situated 5 minutes from Paris' famous shopping district and department stores Galleries Lafayette and Printemps. Go to the top floor of Galleries Lafayette for a breathtaking roof top view (for free) of Paris' major landmarks. Go further south and pass Opera Garnier, then it's only 10 minutes by foot to the Louvre and its gardens 'Les Tuilleries' - Here you're also on the bank of the Seine and near to Musee d'Orsay & Les Champs-Elyses.  Go North instead and you hit the eclectic neighbourhood of Place de Clichy and Pigalle. Velo stations and multiple metro line access from Gare Saint Lazare, 
7059	It's a cozy and comfortable flat which has been recently (February 2014) renovated and situated on the ground floor inside two courtyards.	"    Nice flat, recently renovated, fully-equipped, calm and warm. Great and dynamic location, next to a lot of touristic activities (Montmartre, Opéra, Boulevard Haussman) restaurants and bars... Perfect for couples or group of friends.          It's a cozy and comfortable flat which has been recently (February 2014) renovated and situated on the ground floor inside two courtyards. Fully access to the flat  We could communicate by mail or by phone if you have any question, I'll try to aswer you as fast as I can. ""Pigalle Sud"" is one of the best neighbour of Paris, located between Montmatre and Opéra. There is a lot of good restaurants, bars and club in the area. You should have a brunch at rue des Martyrs, a diner at rue Blanche (Bistrot des 2 théâtres) and a night life at rue Fontaine (Bus Palladium) or Rue Pigalle (Chez Moune, Le Dandy). Don't hesitate to contact me if you want more advices. There are 3 different lines of metro withch are next to the appartment. Line 2 (Anvers), line"
7060		Charmant studio de 28m2 avec grande mezzanine tout équipé , confortable, chaleureux et calme à Pigalle situé tout près du quartier de Montmartre et à quelques pas du Moulin rouge. Metro Pigalle par la ligne 2 ou 12. L'appartement est à moins de 5 min à pied du métro.
7061	Three room appartment in the heart of the 9th arrondissement, right at the corner of the charming rue des martyrs. Two bedrooms with a double-bed in each. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. Very bright appartment, four balconies, large living room	Three room appartment in the heart of the 9th arrondissement, right at the corner of the charming rue des martyrs. Two bedrooms with a double-bed in each. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. Three room appartment in the heart of the 9th arrondissement, right at the corner of the charming rue des martyrs. Two bedrooms with a double-bed in each. There is also a sofa bed in the living room. Very bright appartment, four balconies, large living room Very nice neighborhood, very young and alive. Right next to Montmartre, the city center, the rue des martys. Close to many restaurants, bars, shops. Several metro and bus lines: Notre-Dame de Lorette or St-Georges (line 12) or Le Pelletier (line 7)
7062	Our charming studio for rent is located in the hyper center  of Paris in a nice historical building on a quiet street in the 9th arrondissement, near Montmartre, Le Louvre and Opera Garnier. Our studio is completely renovated, light and airy, with two windows overlooking a courtyard. Our Paris lodging offers all the amenities needed to make your stay comfortable (queen size bed, bed and bath linens, toiletries, coffee machine, wifi, etc). The rental sleeps 2 persons.  Located in the center of Paris, our studio apartment is perfectly situated, nearby the chic Opera Garnier place and the historic Martyrs market street. The Louvre museum, Palais Royal, and Galeries Lafayette are also just a short walk away. Just outside your door, you'll find several excellent restaurants, cafes and boutiques.  * Max occupancy: 2 people  * Centrally located in 9th district  * Free internet, broadband, wifi  * Bed and bath linens, toiletries, coffee machine-Nespresso, etc  * Paris tourist info: maps, guide	Apartment located in the center of Paris, between Montmartre and Opera Garnier. You will reach easily all the touristic locations but equally discover a confidential Parisian district ! Our charming studio for rent is located in the hyper center  of Paris in a nice historical building on a quiet street in the 9th arrondissement, near Montmartre, Le Louvre and Opera Garnier. Our studio is completely renovated, light and airy, with two windows overlooking a courtyard. Our Paris lodging offers all the amenities needed to make your stay comfortable (queen size bed, bed and bath linens, toiletries, coffee machine, wifi, etc). The rental sleeps 2 persons.  Located in the center of Paris, our studio apartment is perfectly situated, nearby the chic Opera Garnier place and the historic Martyrs market street. The Louvre museum, Palais Royal, and Galeries Lafayette are also just a short walk away. Just outside your door, you'll find several excellent restaurants, cafes and boutiques.  * Max occup
7063	★ Enjoy the pleasure of a dinner at the balcony facing Paris. Complete and equipped with everything necessary. The bathroom has a shower cabin, cabinet, sink and a washing machine. For your suitcase, the apartment has a large dressing room.	Beautiful studio of 22 m2 with views over Paris and the Eiffel Tower!! Located on the 7th floor. Sun exposure from morning to evening, the apartment is so quiet that you can sleep with open windows in summer. Apartment renovated in 2015. Security: digital lock and keeper. METRO : 170 meters far, restaurants, shops, supermarkets and all you need by walk from the building. You will also appreciate Montmartre with the Moulin Rouge at the end of the street ... ★ Enjoy the pleasure of a dinner at the balcony facing Paris. Complete and equipped with everything necessary. The bathroom has a shower cabin, cabinet, sink and a washing machine. For your suitcase, the apartment has a large dressing room. Easy access by taxi, shuttle or RER. Main door operated by Vigik or security code. The building has a security guard. I am at your disposal during your stay. In the living room a welcome book awaits you. It provides details and maps about the neighborhood and all ways of living a true Parisian exp
7064	This apartment has been designed to share moments with your  It's calm, very calm. The only noises you share are with the neighbors. They are very pleasants when they are around. This apartment has been designed to share moments with friends and family. The living room overlooks a large kitchen, here you will spend relaxing moments each evening.  The apartment is connected, there is wifi everywhere and you can use Airplay and Chromecast to share your content on TV (like the pictures taken on the same day for example) There are two toilets, one independent and one in the bathroom. A laundry room with a very quiet washer/dryer. Every room has a queen size bed and there is an extra mattress for friendship emergency! There is an iMac in one of the bedrooms, you can use it to browse and watch movies/series in your bed. Oh and there is a treadmill, dumbbells and a jump rope if you want to stay in shape :)	With an atypical decoration, this very calm apartment near Opéra will This apartment has been designed to share moments with your  It's calm, very calm. The only noises you share are with the neighbors. They are very pleasants when they are around. This apartment has been designed to share moments with friends and family. The living room overlooks a large kitchen, here you will spend relaxing moments each evening.  The apartment is connected, there is wifi everywhere and you can use Airplay and Chromecast to share your content on TV (like the pictures taken on the same day for example) There are two toilets, one independent and one in the bathroom. A laundry room with a very quiet washer/dryer. Every room has a queen size bed and there is an extra mattress for friendship emergency! There is an iMac in one of the bedrooms, you can use it to browse and watch movies/series in your bed. Oh and there is a treadmill, dumbbells and a jump rope if you want to stay in shape :) The entire apartm
7065	This elegant and carefully decorated apartment is ideal for both business trips as for holidays with groups of friends or the family. Its privileged location just a short stroll from the well-known Boulevard Poissonnière means guests can go out and discover the full charms of the French capital as well as this lively neighbourhood. Its unique location just a five-minute walk from the Musée Grévin and the buzzing area of Montorgueil allows visitors the chance to walk to some of the most beautiful monuments and museums in Paris. The Opéra Garnier and the Grands Magasins are both within a fifteen-minute walk and the fabulous Musée du Louvre is just twenty minutes from the apartment. Travel around the city is quick and easy; the nearest metro station Bonne Nouvelle, served by lines 8 and 9 is just one hundred metres from the building and leads directly to the Place de la Concorde, the Trocadero and the most beautiful avenue in the world the Champs-Elysées. In the area surrounding the apart	This elegant and carefully decorated apartment is ideal for both business trips as for holidays with groups of friends or the family. Its privileged location just a short stroll from the well-known Boulevard Poissonnière means guests can go out and discover the full charms of the French capital as well as this lively neighbourhood. Its unique location just a five-minute walk from the Musée Grévin and the buzzing area of Montorgueil allows visitors the chance to walk to some of the most beautiful monuments and museums in Paris. The Opéra Garnier and the Grands Magasins are both within a fifteen-minute walk and the fabulous Musée du Louvre is just twenty minutes from the apartment. Travel around the city is quick and easy; the nearest metro station Bonne Nouvelle, served by lines 8 and 9 is just one hundred metres from the building and leads directly to the Place de la Concorde, the Trocadero and the most beautiful avenue in the world the Champs-Elysées. In the area surrounding the apart
7066	"Extremely well located, between  Montmartre and Galeries LafayetteYou will find a completely renovated (during summer 2010) one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. Floor 4 with elevator. Windows double glazing.1 room, 1 serapate kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 separate private toilet Ideal for 2 persons, 60 m2. Sheets and towels included. wi (website hidden) cable. Nespresso coffee machineYou will be close to the metro stations ""Anvers"", line 2 and ""Poissonnière"", line 7. Appartement refait à neuf en été 2010, une chambre, un salon, une salle à manger, cuisine separée, salle de bain, WC séparé. 4eme étage avec ascenseur, internet, TV avec cable, machine NespressoAppartement situé dans une impasse privée pavéeSitué entre les Grands magasins et au pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier animé.Vous serez proche des stations de métro ""Anvers"", ligne 2, et ""Poissonnière, ligne 7. "	"Extremely well located, between  Montmartre and Galeries LafayetteYou will find a completely renovated (during summer 2010) one bedroom apartment in this fancy aera. Floor 4 with elevator. Windows double glazing.1 room, 1 serapate kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 separate private toilet Ideal for 2 persons, 60 m2. Sheets and towels included. wi (website hidden) cable. Nespresso coffee machineYou will be close to the metro stations ""Anvers"", line 2 and ""Poissonnière"", line 7. Appartement refait à neuf en été 2010, une chambre, un salon, une salle à manger, cuisine separée, salle de bain, WC séparé. 4eme étage avec ascenseur, internet, TV avec cable, machine NespressoAppartement situé dans une impasse privée pavéeSitué entre les Grands magasins et au pied de Montmartre, dans un quartier animé.Vous serez proche des stations de métro ""Anvers"", ligne 2, et ""Poissonnière, ligne 7. "
7067	Bienvenue à mon appartement !Je viens juste de terminer la rénovation de mon appartement et je le loue pendant mes vacances. Il est situé dans le 9ème arrondissement, à équidistance du quartier animé de Pigalle, de la rue branchée du Faubourg St Denis, et des Grands Magasins près d'Opéra. Il y a de nombreuses supérettes aux alentours dont certaines ouvertes jusqu'à tard ce qui vous permettra de cuisiner à la maison si vous en avez marre de sortir au restaurant tous les soirs ! L'immeuble haussmannien dans lequel se trouve l'appartement est protégé en bas par un accès avec digicode puis un interphone. Mon appartement est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il faut grimper ! Mais vous ne serez pas déçus car l'appartement est baigné dans la lumière ! Le salon est spacieux (environ 30m²) et a quatre portes-fenêtres donnant sur un petit balcon. Il est possible de manger à l'extérieur car une petite table y est installée. Au sol, parquet, tomettes et carreaux de ciment. La cuisine a été entièremen	Bienvenue à mon appartement !Je viens juste de terminer la rénovation de mon appartement et je le loue pendant mes vacances. Il est situé dans le 9ème arrondissement, à équidistance du quartier animé de Pigalle, de la rue branchée du Faubourg St Denis, et des Grands Magasins près d'Opéra. Il y a de nombreuses supérettes aux alentours dont certaines ouvertes jusqu'à tard ce qui vous permettra de cuisiner à la maison si vous en avez marre de sortir au restaurant tous les soirs ! L'immeuble haussmannien dans lequel se trouve l'appartement est protégé en bas par un accès avec digicode puis un interphone. Mon appartement est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Il faut grimper ! Mais vous ne serez pas déçus car l'appartement est baigné dans la lumière ! Le salon est spacieux (environ 30m²) et a quatre portes-fenêtres donnant sur un petit balcon. Il est possible de manger à l'extérieur car une petite table y est installée. Au sol, parquet, tomettes et carreaux de ciment. La cuisine a été entièremen
7068	Each room is colorful and full of vintage furnitures. Both the bedroom and sitting room are embellished with gold, sun-inspired mirrors, which reflect everything from inspiring tomes and bold tapestries to mismatched vases and a colorful writing desk. And on each wide windowsill, thriving plants draw the eye to the magnificent views over the city’s rooftops.	This artist place, in a 60's and 70's style, is very personal and charming. Photos of my flat were published in many design magazines. It is located in the new 9th hipster neighborhood, in the center of Paris, between Opera and Montmartre. Each room is colorful and full of vintage furnitures. Both the bedroom and sitting room are embellished with gold, sun-inspired mirrors, which reflect everything from inspiring tomes and bold tapestries to mismatched vases and a colorful writing desk. And on each wide windowsill, thriving plants draw the eye to the magnificent views over the city’s rooftops. My flat is fully furnished, my guests will have access to all they can need in the kitchen, I leave  my Apple computer open for them, the wi-fi is working very well as well as my washing and drying machine. I am always reachable on my mobile or by email. I do not live far so I can easily meet my guests if they need anything. There are a lot of good restaurants in this area of Paris, nice bars to 
7069	Very Nice Hausmann apartment (Victor Hugo lived in this building !) of 110 m2 in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, at the foot of the greedy rue des Martyrs. Chic and trendy, this apartment consists of 5 rooms: living room, dining room, 1 adult room, 1 bedroom with 3 children (1 bed + 2 bunk beds), a games room + separate equipped kitchen, bathroom, separated toilets Beautifully decorated and furnished vintage design (Eames, Knoll, Magistretti, Robin Day). Ideal for a family wishing to live and visit Paris in a dream and a cozy atmosphere. Between Montmartre, the Opera Garnier and the department stores, the Sopi (South of Pigalle) area and the Rue des Martyrs are conveniently located and highly sought after for their art and lifestyle restaurants, fooding, merchants and trendy boutiques (Hotel Amour, Delmontel Patisserie, Rose Bakery, bakeries, patisseries, chocolatiers, deli, butcher, catering, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, cafes and restaurants 50 meters). But also ma	Very Nice Hausmann apartment (Victor Hugo lived in this building !) of 110 m2 in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, at the foot of the greedy rue des Martyrs. Chic and trendy, this apartment consists of 5 rooms: living room, dining room, 1 adult room, 1 bedroom with 3 children (1 bed + 2 bunk beds), a games room + separate equipped kitchen, bathroom, separated toilets Beautifully decorated and furnished vintage design (Eames, Knoll, Magistretti, Robin Day). Ideal for a family wishing to live and visit Paris in a dream and a cozy atmosphere. Between Montmartre, the Opera Garnier and the department stores, the Sopi (South of Pigalle) area and the Rue des Martyrs are conveniently located and highly sought after for their art and lifestyle restaurants, fooding, merchants and trendy boutiques (Hotel Amour, Delmontel Patisserie, Rose Bakery, bakeries, patisseries, chocolatiers, deli, butcher, catering, cheese, wine merchants, fruits and vegetables, cafes and restaurants 50 meters). But also ma
7070	Grand appartement de 92 m2 avec deux chambres situé rue de Paradis. Les pièces sont lumineuses et toutes ouvertes de la cuisine au salon en passant par la salle à manger pour créer un vrai espace de vie chaleureux. Le style associe le charme de l’ancien; parquet et cheminées en marbre avec la décoration moderne industrielle et scandinave.  L’appartement possède 2 grandes chambres, l’une avec un lit double, la seconde un lit BB ainsi d’un convertible double et une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Large 92m2 2 bedrooms flat for 2 to 4 persons. The living and dining rooms are open on the kitchen. The flat is light with old wood floor and marble fireplace. The decoration is a mix of French industrial and Scandinavian design	Large 92m2 / 2 bedroom flat for 2 to 4 persons in animated and central area of Opéra / Paradis / Canal St Martin. Open layout w kitchen in center of living and dining room. It would be a great pleasure to welcome you! Grand appartement de 92 m2 avec deux chambres situé rue de Paradis. Les pièces sont lumineuses et toutes ouvertes de la cuisine au salon en passant par la salle à manger pour créer un vrai espace de vie chaleureux. Le style associe le charme de l’ancien; parquet et cheminées en marbre avec la décoration moderne industrielle et scandinave.  L’appartement possède 2 grandes chambres, l’une avec un lit double, la seconde un lit BB ainsi d’un convertible double et une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Large 92m2 2 bedrooms flat for 2 to 4 persons. The living and dining rooms are open on the kitchen. The flat is light with old wood floor and marble fireplace. The decoration is a mix of French industrial and Scandinavian design Full acces Nous serons présents pour v
7071	"A typical French design room in a nice quite parisian flat very centrally located. It is a 2 person bedroom, very bright, with a marble chimney,  a desk, a wardrobe, a double bed.  Located on the 4th floor, please be welcome in our typical parisian apartment. In a nice family flat, double room available, centrally located next to the ""Grands boulevards"" metro station (Hard Rock Cafe and wax museum Musee Grevin at the corner). Not far from well known tourist destinations such as the Opera, the Galeries Lafayette Store. Walking distance to the Louvre museum... Fully equipped kitchen including multifunction oven, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, kettle, hot plates. Separated toilets. There is also a piano in the main room, please feel free to play ! Free Wi-fi Access Metro Station ""Grands Boulevards"" Way Out ""Musée Grévin"", turn right and first street on the left. Metro lines 8 & 9 : direct access to Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides, Republique, Bastille. other metro s"	"A typical French design room in a nice quite parisian flat very centrally located. It is a 2 person bedroom, very bright, with a marble chimney,  a desk, a wardrobe, a double bed.  Located on the 4th floor, please be welcome in our typical parisian apartment. In a nice family flat, double room available, centrally located next to the ""Grands boulevards"" metro station (Hard Rock Cafe and wax museum Musee Grevin at the corner). Not far from well known tourist destinations such as the Opera, the Galeries Lafayette Store. Walking distance to the Louvre museum... Fully equipped kitchen including multifunction oven, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, kettle, hot plates. Separated toilets. There is also a piano in the main room, please feel free to play ! Free Wi-fi Access Metro Station ""Grands Boulevards"" Way Out ""Musée Grévin"", turn right and first street on the left. Metro lines 8 & 9 : direct access to Trocadero (Eiffel Tower), Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides, Republique, Bastille. other metro s"
7072	A 50m² bright space, wooden floor, white walls apartment. Very pleasant to live in. A brand new queen-size bed in the bedroom and a good (and thick) mattress for two extra people in the living room.	"A spacious and bright apartment with a view of the Sacré-Cœur Basilica. Composed of a big living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom, all you need is right there! Fully furnished and equipped (washing machine), perfect for two, great up to 4. A 50m² bright space, wooden floor, white walls apartment. Very pleasant to live in. A brand new queen-size bed in the bedroom and a good (and thick) mattress for two extra people in the living room. Everything. Guests will be able to use all the services including : Wifi, TV, computer, washing machine, stove, fridge, coffee pot, tableware... We'll be there when you arrive but will leave right after. If you want us to show you around though, we'll try to be there for you. At the limit of the 10th and the 9th ""arrondissement"", the apartment is ideally situated nearby two subway station (Poissonière line 7, Barbès - Rochechouart line 2). You're a 15-minute walk away from Montmartre and the 9th is known for its little restaurants. The apartment "
7073	Situé entre les galeries Lafayette et les folies bergères, il est près de Montmartre, de Pigalle, et de l'Opéra. Les métros les plus proches sont Cadet, Notre Dame de Lorette ou Pigalle.	Nice 2 room apartment situated in a dynamic and charming area. In a Typical parisian building this flat can accommodate 2 people. Metro stations Cadet, Notre-Dame de Lorette Also close to the Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys) Are included : sheets, towels, heating, wifi. Equipement : heating plate, micro wave, oven, coffee pot, fridge, freezer.
7074	It's a 42 m² Hausmannien style apartment with herringbone floor, high ceiling, large windows and mantelpiece. Also includes a very large bath, a washer & dryer and a Nespresso machine for all of us who love coffee.	Located in the middle of the trendy neighbourhood SoPi, surrounded by the best  cafés and restaurants of Paris. Ideally located at the hill of butte Montmartre,  a 2 minute walk to several metro stations and a short ride from Gare du Nord. It's a 42 m² Hausmannien style apartment with herringbone floor, high ceiling, large windows and mantelpiece. Also includes a very large bath, a washer & dryer and a Nespresso machine for all of us who love coffee. The apartment is right next to the famous Rue des Martyrs, on which you can find all the food you could possibly be looking for: Bakeries, cheese shops, wine cellars, a fish monger, a little shop specialised in madeleines, and much more. The neighbourhood is also bursting with french bistros and cocktail bars and you will abolutely have to try Gastrothèque Buvette, my personal favourite. The apartment has several metro stops right nearby and two big train stations, Gare du Nord and Saint-Lazare at walking distance (15/20 minutes), the form
7075	Chambre de bonne sur cour, au sixième étage avec ascenseurs.  Superficie de 8m2 mais très fonctionnelle : coin salon, bureau,mezzanine, rangements, kitchenette, douche, w.c sur le palier. Attention la mezzanine est à 1m60 de hauteur. Située au centre de Paris, il est facile de se déplacer n'importe où facilement et rapidement. Sont fournis :  - draps et serviettes  - thé, café, sucre, sel, huile, et aliments de base  - un jeu de clé de l'appartement Sont compris dans la prestation un guide pour visiter Paris, ainsi que les plans nécessaires (métro+rues). Le  9ème arrondissement est un quartier très dynamique! Vous serez proches des Grands Boulevards, de l'Opéra, des grands magasins, de Montmartre.. Les lignes de métro 8,9,7 et 12 sont à quelques minutes à pied.  Nombreuses lignes de bus.	Chambre de bonne sur cour, au sixième étage avec ascenseurs.  Superficie de 8m2 mais très fonctionnelle : coin salon, bureau,mezzanine, rangements, kitchenette, douche, w.c sur le palier. Attention la mezzanine est à 1m60 de hauteur. Située au centre de Paris, il est facile de se déplacer n'importe où facilement et rapidement. Sont fournis :  - draps et serviettes  - thé, café, sucre, sel, huile, et aliments de base  - un jeu de clé de l'appartement Sont compris dans la prestation un guide pour visiter Paris, ainsi que les plans nécessaires (métro+rues). Le  9ème arrondissement est un quartier très dynamique! Vous serez proches des Grands Boulevards, de l'Opéra, des grands magasins, de Montmartre.. Les lignes de métro 8,9,7 et 12 sont à quelques minutes à pied.  Nombreuses lignes de bus.
7076	Appartement central avec beaucoup de cachet et calme dans bel immeuble donnant sur cour. L'appartement se situe dans un quartier central : - Proche des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps,..): 10 mn à pied - Opéra: 10 mn à pied - Tour Eiffel: 25 mn - Champs Elysées: 20 mn Idéal pour un séjour en couple, en famille ou entre amis (4 couchages au total) :  1 chambre à coucher en mezzanine (lit double 160x200), 1 canapé lit dans le salon (140x200), 1 pièce indépendante pour rangements, salle à manger séparée, cuisine équipée, toilettes indépendants, salle de bain, moulures, parquet, très belle hauteur sous plafond (3m40) Équipé confort : four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, Internet.  Linge de lit, vaisselle, linge de table fournis. Emplacement central desservi par la ligne 8 & 9 au métro Grands Boulevard (2 mn à pied) ou ligne 7 au métro Lepelletier / Cadet Tous les commerces sont accessibles à pied (boulangerie, boucherie, cordonnier, pressing,...) et supermarchés ou	Quiet et calm appartment Central : Grands Boulevards / Opéra  / Montmartre / Hausman Shops / Grevin Museum Kitchen - dining room - living room - bedroom - mezzanine 
7077		Lovely Parisian apartment  in south Pigalle close to moulin rouge (150m) 70 squares in 4th floor of Haussmann building, comfortable bathroom full equipped kitchen, amazing and sunny living room.Ideal for romantic stay Very nice area with many stylish restaurant,bars and shops Metro Saint George  (150m) Metro pigalle ( 150m)
7078	The Room is 20m2 which is big for Paris, has also two private balconies where you can easily have dinner and delight Paris atmosphere. 	"HI, Renting my room during holidays.The apartment  its big, clean and fully furnished. Location is safe and perfect for tourism as it is close to Louvre, Montmartre, Galeries Lafayette, by foot !!! The Room is 20m2 which is big for Paris, has also two private balconies where you can easily have dinner and delight Paris atmosphere.  Appartment is fully furnished: washing machine, dishwasher, fidge, ...  Wifi connection My two flatmates will be here during your stay, they can teach you good restaurant, bars and nice places to go if you want.  ""The 9th arrondissement (IXe arrondissement), located on the Right Bank, is one of the 20 arrondissements of Paris, France. It contains many places of cultural, historical, and architectural interest, including the Palais Garnier, home to the Paris Opera, Boulevard Haussmann and its large department stores of Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Along with the 2nd and 8th arrondissements, it hosts one of the business centers of Paris, located around th"
7079		Dans le 9ème, à proximité de Pigalle dans un quartier dynamique je vous propose de partager mon appartement! Ma plus grande fierté, refait à neuf, un espace extérieur de 6m2, des vues sur tout Paris... je vous propose une chambre parfaite.. 
7080		Studio meublé équipé : kitchenette, micro-onde, douche, lit canapé neuf, bureau, armoire, wc sur palier (2 utilisateur avec vous inclus) 6 eme étage sans ascenseur. Disponible au 1 er septembre
7081	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the city just a few steps from the Opera Garnier, department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Haussman - ideal for shopping) and the Montmartre district. The Appartement has: 1 fully equipped kitchen with dining area  1 living room with sofa, tv ...  1 bedroom with a real bed 2 places  1 Bathrooms with tub  1 separate WC Very comfortable and welcoming in a historic residence (former home of George Sand and Chopin) with building completely renovated. The area is very pleasant full of nice restaurants. Well served, Metro Trinity - line 12 Saint Georges also on line 12  and métro Pigalle line 2 and close to Gare Saint Lazare and gare du nord.The apartment is ideal to spend a few exploring the capital, comfortable, bright, spacious. It can accommodate ideally a couple. In the apartment you will have a tour guide and personal advice to make your stay unique.  I remain at your disposal for further information.	Beautiful apartment in the heart of the city just a few steps from the Opera Garnier, department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Haussman - ideal for shopping) and the Montmartre district. The Appartement has: 1 fully equipped kitchen with dining area  1 living room with sofa, tv ...  1 bedroom with a real bed 2 places  1 Bathrooms with tub  1 separate WC Very comfortable and welcoming in a historic residence (former home of George Sand and Chopin) with building completely renovated. The area is very pleasant full of nice restaurants. Well served, Metro Trinity - line 12 Saint Georges also on line 12  and métro Pigalle line 2 and close to Gare Saint Lazare and gare du nord.The apartment is ideal to spend a few exploring the capital, comfortable, bright, spacious. It can accommodate ideally a couple. In the apartment you will have a tour guide and personal advice to make your stay unique.  I remain at your disposal for further information.
7082		Nice studio in montmartre
7083	THE APARTMENT: This beautiful apartment is located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement of Paris (at the border of the 18th district), one of the trendiest districts of Paris.  The building I live in - named “Marie-Louise” - (XIXth century style - completely rebuilt in 2004 - protected access - elevator - 6 apartments, one by floor - very friendly neighbors!) is located in a very chic and exclusive “private residential area” (close by a gate) - called “Cité Malesherbes”. It’s a wonderful, safe (protected access and concierge) and very quiet place.  The apartment is spacious - 110 m2, 3 BDR-, modern, comfortable and bright (high ceilings, 4 huge windows in total in the living room overlooking the Cité Malesherbes), with wood floors everywhere.  - Open kitchen, fully equipped with all new appliances: large fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, expresso machine… - Living room/Dining room with big leather sofa and armchairs, Ipod station, a large bookcase (you’ll find books in En	THE APARTMENT: This beautiful apartment is located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement of Paris (at the border of the 18th district), one of the trendiest districts of Paris.  The building I live in - named “Marie-Louise” - (XIXth century style - completely rebuilt in 2004 - protected access - elevator - 6 apartments, one by floor - very friendly neighbors!) is located in a very chic and exclusive “private residential area” (close by a gate) - called “Cité Malesherbes”. It’s a wonderful, safe (protected access and concierge) and very quiet place.  The apartment is spacious - 110 m2, 3 BDR-, modern, comfortable and bright (high ceilings, 4 huge windows in total in the living room overlooking the Cité Malesherbes), with wood floors everywhere.  - Open kitchen, fully equipped with all new appliances: large fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, expresso machine… - Living room/Dining room with big leather sofa and armchairs, Ipod station, a large bookcase (you’ll find books in En
7084	Appartement 2 pièces 30 m2, au 6ème et dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien donnant sur une cour intérieure très calme. L'appartement est lumineux, comportant une chambre et un salon avec canapé lit. Il est équipé d'une télé, internet, téléphone fixe, four, centrale vapeur. Quartier très agréable avec bon nombre de commodités : proche metro notre dame de lorette / Anvers, à quelque minutes à pieds de la butte Montmartre, et à 15 min de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins (galeries lafayettes, printemps). Au pieds de l'immeuble se trouve une superette.  Les aninmaux ne sont pas acceptés. 	Appartement 2 pièces 30 m2, au 6ème et dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien donnant sur une cour intérieure très calme. L'appartement est lumineux, comportant une chambre et un salon avec canapé lit. Il est équipé d'une télé, internet, téléphone fixe, four, centrale vapeur. Quartier très agréable avec bon nombre de commodités : proche metro notre dame de lorette / Anvers, à quelque minutes à pieds de la butte Montmartre, et à 15 min de l'Opéra Garnier et des grands magasins (galeries lafayettes, printemps). Au pieds de l'immeuble se trouve une superette.  Les aninmaux ne sont pas acceptés. 
7085	Near to Monmartre, a nice 70 square meters apartment on the fourth floor (no elevator) with a view of the lively Place Pigalle.  There is  a large sunny living room with a sofa-bed ( 1 person) Before the bedroom you cross the library/TV room. The bedroom is quiet with a double bed. The kitchen is small but fully equipped , there is a bathroom and separate toilet. The outside of the building has just been renovated but the entrance could be better, so don't look and just enjoy the flat. The area is  very trendy, full of fun bars restaurants and shops and is walking distance from the tree lined Avenue Trudaine for an outside terrace or two. This is one of the best areas for Paris nightlife right now. Inclued:  Highspeed wireless Internet  Cabel TV  Linens & towels provided.  Dishwasher and washing-machine Access:  2 seconds to subway Metro Pigalle lines 2 and 12 and bus 67. 10mn walk from  Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge and the very lively streets of Abbesses and rue des Martyrs.  Bakeries an	Near to Monmartre, a nice 70 square meters apartment on the fourth floor (no elevator) with a view of the lively Place Pigalle.  There is  a large sunny living room with a sofa-bed ( 1 person) Before the bedroom you cross the library/TV room. The bedroom is quiet with a double bed. The kitchen is small but fully equipped , there is a bathroom and separate toilet. The outside of the building has just been renovated but the entrance could be better, so don't look and just enjoy the flat. The area is  very trendy, full of fun bars restaurants and shops and is walking distance from the tree lined Avenue Trudaine for an outside terrace or two. This is one of the best areas for Paris nightlife right now. Inclued:  Highspeed wireless Internet  Cabel TV  Linens & towels provided.  Dishwasher and washing-machine Access:  2 seconds to subway Metro Pigalle lines 2 and 12 and bus 67. 10mn walk from  Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge and the very lively streets of Abbesses and rue des Martyrs.  Bakeries an
7086	Appartement de 50 m2 plus 25 m2 de terrasses et balcons, comprenant salon (canapé-lit), salle à manger, une chambre (grand lit) avec salle de bains (douche) et WC séparé attenant à la chambre. Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vaisselle, cuisinière + four, et micro ondes. Wifi  Terrasse avec une table et 6 chaises, ainsi que deux transats. Parfait pour une soirée romantique au chandelle ! Appartement de charme sur cour dans un immeuble de caractère (Directoire, fin 18ème) au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement (South Pigalle) au pied de la rue des Martyrs (rue commerçante). Transport à moins de 10 mn à pied : Métro ND de Lorette (12), Le peletier (7), Richelieu-Drouot (8,9), RER A Auber, Roissybus Opéra, et de nombreux bus. Lieux touristiques à pied : Montmartre, Opéra, les Grands Magasins, Tuileries, le Louvre, ... Tous les autres monuments à moins de 30 mn en métro Versailles et Giverny par la gare Saint Lazare à 10 mn à pied. Vous allez adore	Appartement de 50 m2 plus 25 m2 de terrasses et balcons, comprenant salon (canapé-lit), salle à manger, une chambre (grand lit) avec salle de bains (douche) et WC séparé attenant à la chambre. Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave vaisselle, cuisinière + four, et micro ondes. Wifi  Terrasse avec une table et 6 chaises, ainsi que deux transats. Parfait pour une soirée romantique au chandelle ! Appartement de charme sur cour dans un immeuble de caractère (Directoire, fin 18ème) au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement (South Pigalle) au pied de la rue des Martyrs (rue commerçante). Transport à moins de 10 mn à pied : Métro ND de Lorette (12), Le peletier (7), Richelieu-Drouot (8,9), RER A Auber, Roissybus Opéra, et de nombreux bus. Lieux touristiques à pied : Montmartre, Opéra, les Grands Magasins, Tuileries, le Louvre, ... Tous les autres monuments à moins de 30 mn en métro Versailles et Giverny par la gare Saint Lazare à 10 mn à pied. Vous allez adore
7087		Chambre avec grand lit pour personne seule dans appartement partagé. Très central, très pratique. Metro Réaumur. Accès à toutes les commodités. Internet compris! Salle de bains, wc, cuisine, salon. Métro 3, 4, 8, 9, 11. Bus 38, bus 39, bus 47.
7088		Au deuxième étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien, notre appartement est situé à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin et de la Gare du Nord qui dessert les grandes capitales européennes et, en métro, les quatre coins de Paris !
7089	"We propose you 1 room (12 m2 = 129 square feet) with 1 simple bed and a view upon canal Saint Martin in a typical parisian apartment (90 m2 = 968 square feet). Kitchen (oven, micro-wave, fridge-freezer) and bathroom (little bathtub, washing-machine). Sheets, linen and dishes are provided. You can also play the piano in the living-room. Internet (wi-fi or cable, as you want). The flat overlooks the Jardin Villemin and the canal Saint Martin, very near the mythical ""Hôtel du Nord"" (film set in a famous french movie in 1938). The flat is located in a very lovely, lively and sought-after district. There are many shops (bakers, grocers, supermarkets), bars and restaurants nearby. We are close to the metro stations Gare de l'(email hidden) walk) and Gare du (email hidden) walk). Many central sites are easily accessibles by the metro in a few stations. See you soon !"	"We propose you 1 room (12 m2 = 129 square feet) with 1 simple bed and a view upon canal Saint Martin in a typical parisian apartment (90 m2 = 968 square feet). Kitchen (oven, micro-wave, fridge-freezer) and bathroom (little bathtub, washing-machine). Sheets, linen and dishes are provided. You can also play the piano in the living-room. Internet (wi-fi or cable, as you want). The flat overlooks the Jardin Villemin and the canal Saint Martin, very near the mythical ""Hôtel du Nord"" (film set in a famous french movie in 1938). The flat is located in a very lovely, lively and sought-after district. There are many shops (bakers, grocers, supermarkets), bars and restaurants nearby. We are close to the metro stations Gare de l'(email hidden) walk) and Gare du (email hidden) walk). Many central sites are easily accessibles by the metro in a few stations. See you soon !"
7090	- The appartement have a supperficie of 70 m2  - is situated on the 4th floor of a beautifull and very calm building with an elevator  	Paris 10 arrondissement . Near gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord.  Not far from the canal st martin. Situated on the 4th line of the métropolitan Subway. Commerce and restaurants near by. Very cosmopolitan neighborhood. - The appartement have a supperficie of 70 m2  - is situated on the 4th floor of a beautifull and very calm building with an elevator  - you have the exclusive  access to a private room with a king size bed  - you have acces to a large living room and a large kitchen  - a large Bathroom  - i speak english, french, arabic, and have a few notion of spanish , i will be glad to help you with any kind of information you may need such as places to go or to visit and the little tips and tricks that will make your trip easier. Its a good neighborhood, with different people from different background. A neighborhood with a lot of history. French cancan was born here. The famous saint martin canal, not very far from our place.  Bus. Metropolitan subway. Gares. Taxis we propose has an
7091	Small Room in Center of Paris in the 10th district located not far from railway stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Possible to walk to Monmartre in 20 minutes Here we do not smoke. I precise that no kitchen is available. Bed sheets and towel are provided. The toilets and the Bathroom are shared with me (i am the owner). Wifi access is provided. Please check the calendar for availability. The metro (line 4/5/7) are only 5 minutes walk. RER B , D and E are also reachable at Gare du Nord All major attractions are between 10 and 30 minutes ride: -Arc de triomphe 15 minutes -Chatelet Les Halles 5 min -Notre Dame Cathedral 10 min -Eiffel Tower 30 min. -Louvre museum 15 min Both airports (Orly and Roissy) are around 45 minutes train ride. Check in time is before 09:00/9:00AM or after 19:30/7:30PM weekdays (except when other arrangments have been made). Anytime during weekends (to be confirmed with you). Feel free to ask if you have any questions. 	Small Room in Center of Paris in the 10th district located not far from railway stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Possible to walk to Monmartre in 20 minutes Here we do not smoke. I precise that no kitchen is available. Bed sheets and towel are provided. The toilets and the Bathroom are shared with me (i am the owner). Wifi access is provided. Please check the calendar for availability. The metro (line 4/5/7) are only 5 minutes walk. RER B , D and E are also reachable at Gare du Nord All major attractions are between 10 and 30 minutes ride: -Arc de triomphe 15 minutes -Chatelet Les Halles 5 min -Notre Dame Cathedral 10 min -Eiffel Tower 30 min. -Louvre museum 15 min Both airports (Orly and Roissy) are around 45 minutes train ride. Check in time is before 09:00/9:00AM or after 19:30/7:30PM weekdays (except when other arrangments have been made). Anytime during weekends (to be confirmed with you). Feel free to ask if you have any questions.  I pay great attention to hygiene at my 
7092	In the heart of Paris, in a charming alley of the 10th arrondissement. 1st floor looking onto the courtyard. Very quiet. The room has its own entrance, different from the main entrance of the apartment. It has a toilet and a private bath. So you can enjoy a complete privacy. The room is equipped with small microwave, mini fridge, electric kettle, filter coffee machine and all the dishes you'll need.  Big double sofa bed convertible. Beautiful wooden desk. Plenty of storage. Wi-fi. Recent and neat nice decoration. Sheets and towels included.	Nice room TOTALLY INDEPENDENT FROM THE REST OF THE APARTMENT, ideal for a good stay in the center of Paris with a complete privacy. In the heart of Paris, in a charming alley of the 10th arrondissement. 1st floor looking onto the courtyard. Very quiet. The room has its own entrance, different from the main entrance of the apartment. It has a toilet and a private bath. So you can enjoy a complete privacy. The room is equipped with small microwave, mini fridge, electric kettle, filter coffee machine and all the dishes you'll need.  Big double sofa bed convertible. Beautiful wooden desk. Plenty of storage. Wi-fi. Recent and neat nice decoration. Sheets and towels included. We are very receptive to give you all the informations to make your stay easy and pleasant. A short walk from the Canal Saint Martin, place de la République, 15 minutes walking from Montmartre and the Marais. Very central, ideal to discover the authentic Paris, staying very near the big touristic places.  Young and live
7093	Chambre calme et propre dans un quartier très sympa et a 2min à pieds des métros lignes 2,5,7 (Stalingrad et Louis blanc) 	Bonjour! je propose la location d' une chambre dans mon appartement : la chambre fait environ 11m, il y a un lit 2 places et du plancher au sol. Elle donne sur une grande cour intérieure très calme, plein sud. il y a une penderie et des étagères. Chambre calme et propre dans un quartier très sympa et a 2min à pieds des métros lignes 2,5,7 (Stalingrad et Louis blanc) Chambre privée / Private room Salle de bain, Cuisine et WC partagés avec moi / Bathroom, kitchen and WC to share with me Je ne passerai pas de temps avec les voyageur Super quartier au bord du Canal St Martin Métros Stalingrad (l5 et 2) , Louis Blanc (l 7) , RER Gare du Nord (B, C et E) Un arrangement est possible pour les draps (+10€) mais il faut apporter sa serviette / You must take your towel because i have not. For the sheets i can give you some if you want for 10€.
7094	Apartment to share with two french student girls The bedroom is in an apartment of 45 m2, very good situation, between the Gare du Nord and the Gare de l'Est, ideal for travelers, direct connection with Roissy CDG from North Station, 5 minutes walk you access to trains of the important cities in Europe, Brussels, Berlin, Amsterdam, Cologne, London with the Eurostar and also several subway lines to go anywhere in Paris. 4th floor without elevator of a Haussmann building. Apartment hallway that overlooks an open kitchen. Fully equipped, stove, oven and microwave, dishwasher, fridge and freezer. From the kitchen, you will have access to the bathroom with its sliding door. Small but functional, there is a washing machine, shower with Italian decoration pebbles and polished concrete, and separate toilet. Antique mirror. Room 15 m2 with a double bed (1m40), very bright. Television screen. DVD player and stereo. Facilities, a laptop that will allow you to access the internet over wifi. The ne	Apartment to share with two french student girls The bedroom is in an apartment of 45 m2, very good situation, between the Gare du Nord and the Gare de l'Est, ideal for travelers, direct connection with Roissy CDG from North Station, 5 minutes walk you access to trains of the important cities in Europe, Brussels, Berlin, Amsterdam, Cologne, London with the Eurostar and also several subway lines to go anywhere in Paris. 4th floor without elevator of a Haussmann building. Apartment hallway that overlooks an open kitchen. Fully equipped, stove, oven and microwave, dishwasher, fridge and freezer. From the kitchen, you will have access to the bathroom with its sliding door. Small but functional, there is a washing machine, shower with Italian decoration pebbles and polished concrete, and separate toilet. Antique mirror. Room 15 m2 with a double bed (1m40), very bright. Television screen. DVD player and stereo. Facilities, a laptop that will allow you to access the internet over wifi. The ne
7095	Appartement cosy et typiquement parisien. Charmant 4 pièces avec deux grandes chambres une grande cuisine ,un grand salon nous sommes au deuxième étage, welcome...	welcoming and charming 4 rooms flat in Paris. Can provide room for 2 people and more . Based in the crossroads of the main districts of Paris.One of the most frequented district of Paris.you will appreciate the proximity of the main metro lines.
7096	Appartement dans résidence sécurisée, sans bruit de la rue.	Nous mettons à disposition une chambre dans notre appartement situé entre la Gare de l'Est et le Canal Saint Martin. La chambre est composée d'un vrai lit ! La cuisine toute équipée est ouverte sur le salon, les toilettes séparés de la salle d'eau. Appartement dans résidence sécurisée, sans bruit de la rue. Libre accès aux toilettes, salle d'eau et à la cuisine équipée qui est ouverte sur le salon (avec télé et wifi). Disponibles pour conseiller des bonnes adresses dans Paris Quartier très agréable aux abords du Canal Saint Martin. Tous commerces à proximité. A 2 min de gare de l'est (Train, Metro 4, 5, 7, nombreux bus et noctiliens) A 10 min de gare du nord (Train, RER B et D, Metro et bus) A 10 min de colonel Fabien (Metro 2)
7097	Ground floor flat really close to the canal! Very spacious compared to others flat from Paris. Close to every store you need, restaurant, Buttes Chaumont (huge park/gardens)	Room with double bed in a shared flat on the ground floor.  It's 50 meters far from Canal St Martin, near metro line 7 and Gare de l'Est. Access to kitchen, bathroom, WC, living room. Roomates able to speak English/Spanish/French! For 2 people Ground floor flat really close to the canal! Very spacious compared to others flat from Paris. Close to every store you need, restaurant, Buttes Chaumont (huge park/gardens) Access to living room, WC, kitchen, bathroom I won't be there but others roomates should be here to welcome you and answer your questions! This is an amazing area, you will enjoy have a walk on the Canal St Martin! Foodshop in front of the flat. Metro line 7 (Louis blanc). Other lines (gare de l'est, jaures) ans RER B/D (gare du nord) at 5/10 min by walk.
7098	Our flat is a  sunny,luminous and calm place, with a view on the beautiful and huge courtyards of the buiding;we are at the fourth floor (without lift) .When i Our flat is a   seren and calm place. We are at the fourth floor (without lift) but the scales are easy. The fact to be separated from the street by another building is protecting  from te city rumours during the night.The atmosphere will rest you from the vibrating-but exhausting- rythm of Paris. We live and i work here(i'm shoe designer and my studio is the next door of your room). Your room and his bathroom(no water closet in your bathroom:the toilet  are shared for all of us,our guests and our family) are directly connected to the entry hall, which is the crossing point of the (website hidden) you have your independant access to your personal space. Towels ,sheets and soap,shampoo are included,and a kettle with two cups, teabags ,coffee machine and coffee will be in your room for your personal use.The Wifi is free,bring  you	We welcome you in a sunny,  bright and cosy 18m2  bedroom queenbed furnished  with her private bathroom (4m2) in our serene  flat of 150m2,at the 3th floor in a typical beautiful Haussmann 19th century  building in the heart of Paris,with main metro  Our flat is a  sunny,luminous and calm place, with a view on the beautiful and huge courtyards of the buiding;we are at the fourth floor (without lift) .When i Our flat is a   seren and calm place. We are at the fourth floor (without lift) but the scales are easy. The fact to be separated from the street by another building is protecting  from te city rumours during the night.The atmosphere will rest you from the vibrating-but exhausting- rythm of Paris. We live and i work here(i'm shoe designer and my studio is the next door of your room). Your room and his bathroom(no water closet in your bathroom:the toilet  are shared for all of us,our guests and our family) are directly connected to the entry hall, which is the crossing point of the (
7099	La chambre est grande, agréable et très lumineuse. L'appartement est au 4ème étage dans un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Cuisine équipée.	Chambre spacieuse dans un grand appartement situé dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin. proche de tous commerces dans un quartier très vivant. Proche des métros: Louis Blanc, Gare de l'Est, Jaurès. La chambre est grande, agréable et très lumineuse. L'appartement est au 4ème étage dans un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Cuisine équipée. Cuisine Salle de bain Je suis à votre disposition pendant la durée de votre séjour. Quartier très convivial. Le Canal Saint Martin est au bout de la rue! A 10 mns à pied des Buttes Chaumont et à 20 mns de Beaubourg. Proche de plusieurs stations de Métro: Louis Blanc (ligne 7), Gare de l'Est (ligne 5, ligne 4), Jaurès (ligne 2).
7100	DUPLEX , TRES CALME. Dans un immeuble datant du 18ème siècle , l'appartement de 50 m2 en duplex est au 3ème et dernier étage sur cour. Très calme. Il est composé de 2 chambres. Votre chambre est à l'étage , la salle de bain et WC sont à partager. Le petit déjeuner typiquement français et copieux sera mis à votre disposition . Chambre avec minibar , Tv écran plat , lecteur DVD et une connexion WiFi gratuite. De nombreux musées dont le Louvre, Pompidou ainsi que des monuments historiques ( La cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris …) et beaucoup de galeries d'Arts sont accessibles entre 10 et 30 minutes de marche. Jean michel vous accueillerera dans son appartement duplex situé dans le quartier « Temple » situé dans le 3ème arrondissement au plein coeur de Paris. Je parle Français, Anglais, Espagnol, portugais e et j'aurai l'immense plaisir de vous conseiller sur la vie Parisienne et les endroits où sortir. Soyez les Bienvenus ! Je me situe entre la place de la Republique et le quartier des « Ar	In an 18th century building , the 50m² (538 ft²) duplex apartment, is on the third and last floor, regarding the courtyard. Very calm.  your private room is at the second level and includes a double bed with a flat screen TV set, a DVD player, a min
7101	In the heart of Republic, close to many shops public transport. In a beautiful 120m2 apartment at the third floor of an old building, a private room with a real double bed, TV with multiple channels, a nice view on the Canal Saint Martin and a lovely garden. There is a private bathroom with the bedroom.  Linen and towels, shampoo, shower gel and body lotion are also provided. 	In the heart of Republic facing the Canal Saint Martin. In a large apartment of 120m2 a beautiful spacious and bright room with bathroom independently. The plus breakfast and fresh every morning In the heart of Republic, close to many shops public transport. In a beautiful 120m2 apartment at the third floor of an old building, a private room with a real double bed, TV with multiple channels, a nice view on the Canal Saint Martin and a lovely garden. There is a private bathroom with the bedroom.  Linen and towels, shampoo, shower gel and body lotion are also provided.  internet, television Though I don t speak English, I manage and I love to help people . Plus my daughter speaks English fluently.  Republique is a lovely neighborhood. Very lively. Le canal Saint Martin is THE PLACE for young people with many bars and restaurant. You may come before checking time. If the room is vacant you will have it . If not I will be happy to let you put your luggage at my place when the room gets rea
7102	A unique loft space situated in the heart of Paris, in the lively, multicultural neighbourhood of Belleville.  Room has a glass panel wall with curtains close from the inside.  Ideal short stay for traveling professionals or a layover in Paris	PRIVATE room in shared loft with owner is available for short term stay in central Paris (Belleville district). A unique loft space situated in the heart of Paris, in the lively, multicultural neighbourhood of Belleville.  Room has a glass panel wall with curtains close from the inside.  Ideal short stay for traveling professionals or a layover in Paris you will have access to a private bedroom with a 120x190cm bed (slightly larger than twin), shared kitchen and bath. Guest will be treated as temporary roommate, with common respect to privacy and independence. The Belleville neighbourhood is one of the most lively neighbourhood of Paris, within walking distance to many bars and cafes, art galleries and shops.  With city bikes, city electric cars, subway and buses easily available, areas like the Marais, Canal Sainte Martin, Bastille, are no more than 10mins away. The location is accessible by metro line 2 at Colonel Fabien or line 11, 2 at Belleville.  Bus 75 stops around the corner.  
7103		Appartement à partager avec deux étudiantes étrangères  Frais supplémentaires pour le nettoyage des parties communes,  10€/semaine  Chambre dans appartement  3 pièces de 45 m2, très bien situé entre la gare du Nord et la gare de l'Est, deux des plus importantes gares parisiennes.
7104	Logement très spacieux et lumineux.	Chambre sur cour dans grand appartement de 130m² en colocation. Vous pourrez profiter avec nous du grand salon, du balcon et de la cuisine. La chambre se ferme par un rideau mais reste très calme (voir plan en photo). Logement très spacieux et lumineux. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'entrée, au salon, au balcon, à la cuisine, à une des salle de bains, aux WC. N'hésitez pas à nous demander des adresses pour sortir ou vous restaurer! Pour ceux qui le souhaitent, je propose de servir le petit déjeuner pour 7.50€ par personne! Quartier dynamique et cosmopolite. Proximité immédiate métro Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est et stations Vélib. Beaucoup de RER et métros depuis cette station. La chambre se ferme par un rideau mais donne sur un sas et non pas sur le salon, elle reste donc très calme. Le plan fourni en photo sera plus clair que mes explications...
7105	Chambre dans un appartement très agréable et très lumineux. Idéal pour ceux qui veulent passer un petit séjour à Paris ou qui ont des missions ponctuelles. Détails: 1 cuisine équipée (La cuisine est équipé de: lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, plaque à induction, four, frigo, toasteur, vaisselles et nécessaire de cuisine) 1 chambre (1 lit 2 places) 1 salon (avec cheminée)  1 salle à manger avec tout le confort nécessaire 1 balcon plein sud avec petite table et deux chaises pour bruncher au soleil 1 salle de bain avec baignoire	Je loue une chambre meublée d'un très bon standing dans mon appartement situé dans le 10ème à Paris, rue Strasbourg St Denis.  Chambre de 15 m2. Appartement très agréable et lumineux. Au mois d'Août je loue tout l'appartement soit 4 pers/1 semaine Chambre dans un appartement très agréable et très lumineux. Idéal pour ceux qui veulent passer un petit séjour à Paris ou qui ont des missions ponctuelles. Détails: 1 cuisine équipée (La cuisine est équipé de: lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, plaque à induction, four, frigo, toasteur, vaisselles et nécessaire de cuisine) 1 chambre (1 lit 2 places) 1 salon (avec cheminée)  1 salle à manger avec tout le confort nécessaire 1 balcon plein sud avec petite table et deux chaises pour bruncher au soleil 1 salle de bain avec baignoire En louant la chambre vous bénéficierez de tout l'appartement. J'habite dans l'appartement en question. Bien que je sois très occupé la journée et travaille souvent tard (je travaille pour la télévision française), je me
7106	"Please note that this is a private room for GIRLS ONLY The room is situated in a big typical parisian Haussmanien building. It is calm and cosy. The bathroom is complete and has a spacious shower. You can also use the kitchen where everything is well organized to cook the best foods. The living room is also very spacious with brand new media. You can watch french TV in the huge couch. I will be able to advice you on your trip and maybe show you aound if I am available. The neighborhood is very ""BOBO"" as Parisians would tell you. The canal is 5 min away and is full of the parisian youth during summer time and events, actually almost always! The restaurants are quite good and not too expensive. You will also find trendy boutiques along the canal st martin and rue de marseille, rue yves toudic, and rue de lancry...etc Republique is litterally 5 min walking and is brand new since June! You will attend many events on the ""plaza"". The location is one on the best in Paris because you can go a"	"Please note that this is a private room for GIRLS ONLY The room is situated in a big typical parisian Haussmanien building. It is calm and cosy. The bathroom is complete and has a spacious shower. You can also use the kitchen where everything is well organized to cook the best foods. The living room is also very spacious with brand new media. You can watch french TV in the huge couch. I will be able to advice you on your trip and maybe show you aound if I am available. The neighborhood is very ""BOBO"" as Parisians would tell you. The canal is 5 min away and is full of the parisian youth during summer time and events, actually almost always! The restaurants are quite good and not too expensive. You will also find trendy boutiques along the canal st martin and rue de marseille, rue yves toudic, and rue de lancry...etc Republique is litterally 5 min walking and is brand new since June! You will attend many events on the ""plaza"". The location is one on the best in Paris because you can go a"
7107	Charming and cozy 45sqm two bedroom apartment Appartement charmant et comfortable de 45 m2 avec 2 chambres	Our apartment is centrally located and near the beautiful Canal Saint-Martin, very close to Chateau-Landon, Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord metro stations (metro lines 4, 5,  7).  Apt faces a quiet courtyard and is equipped with everything you need. Charming and cozy 45sqm two bedroom apartment Appartement charmant et comfortable de 45 m2 avec 2 chambres Soap, shampoo and linens will be provided to guests as well as tea and coffee.  Welcome to use kitchen utensils, washer etc. Savon, shampooing et draps sont fournis ainsi que le café et le thé.  We are happy to provide information about places to visit in Paris and advice on Paris in general.  We are seasoned travellers ourselves and laidback.  French and English speaking. Nous sommes heureux de fournir des informations et conseils sur Paris. Nous sommes des voyageurs réguliés et ouvert. Nous parlons anglais et francais. It is centrally located in Paris in one of the hippest arrondissements.  Everything you need is at your doorstep and 
7108	My place is on the top floor of a charismatic old building with a winding staircase with plants that trail down the bannisters. It's spacious with lots of natural light. I have a large bedroom with a very comfortable double bed, a very nice living room and an adjoining kitchen with all commodities. The bathroom is also very sweet - it has a blue bathtub! You can see the Eiffel Tower shining every hour at night time from my bedroom window! 	"Welcome to Paris. I live in the 10th; it's an area filled with all of the things that make Paris special. Winding streets with architecture that blends quirky and ancient with modern French aesthetic; cafés, bars and restaurants. My place is on the top floor of a charismatic old building with a winding staircase with plants that trail down the bannisters. It's spacious with lots of natural light. I have a large bedroom with a very comfortable double bed, a very nice living room and an adjoining kitchen with all commodities. The bathroom is also very sweet - it has a blue bathtub! You can see the Eiffel Tower shining every hour at night time from my bedroom window! There are lots of food markets every week (Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday) The place is 5"" walk from 3 metro stations (Goncourt - Belleville - Colonel Fabien) and 10"" from République. The Buttes Chaumont Gardens is 10"" by foot and the Canal St Martin 5"". "
7109	This property is unique and stylish ! In addition to its charming terrace overlooking the Canal Saint Martin, this apartement was a former artist's studio. Live in a 100% parisian/bohemian atmosphere. 4th floor Apartment very light Lively and trendy	Charming studio around 25m2 with a terrace overlooking the Canal St Martin. Ideally located in the heart of Paris in the 10th arrondissement - a lively and typically Parisian area. Cosy and stylish, this appartment is a former artist's studio. Ideal for two people. This property is unique and stylish ! In addition to its charming terrace overlooking the Canal Saint Martin, this apartement was a former artist's studio. Live in a 100% parisian/bohemian atmosphere. 4th floor Apartment very light Lively and trendy The entire property is available, it contains: 1 spacious living room with bed, console / desk, television, bar, CD player 1 equipped kitchen 1 washing machine 1 bathroom with shower and WC 1 terrace 1 hairdryer You can reach me by mail or by phone at (phone number hidden) during your stay. If I am not available, you can also contact my mother to (phone number hidden) or (phone number hidden). The street is very safe even if it is animated. The Canal Saint Martin neighborhood is 
7110	Apartment in a very secure building in the heart of Paris, located in the best part of town, (close to Canal Saint Martin and 8 minutes walk from the Marais)... 42 square meter, Entirely remodeled! Brand new furniture! South West exposure facing an open courtyard.. Great sunny living room... Extremely cosy bedroom, very quiet, queen size bed with fluffy pillows. Great bathroom with 2 big windows, remodeled with an italian shower.. Very quiet cosmopolitan neighborhood appreciated by artists (museums, galleries, theaters). Many restaurants, bars, food courts of all kinds, organic, meats ,vegetables, bakeries. Heart of Paris, close to the Marais, République Bastille, Grands Boulevards...All the main touristic places of the city 6 subways stations close by: Lines 3,4,5,8,9 and 11. Direct lines to the Eiffel Tower / Trocadero, Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine. Notre- Dame, Hôtel de Ville, Saint-Germain des Prés.... Many amenities: dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, induction cooktop, e	Amazing appartment, perfect for 2 people, located in the center of Paris. Great bars and restaurants in the neighborhood, and at the same time the apartment is extremely quiet. Organic market & reg stores downstairs. Fully furnished, Wifi, Cable TV. Apartment in a very secure building in the heart of Paris, located in the best part of town, (close to Canal Saint Martin and 8 minutes walk from the Marais)... 42 square meter, Entirely remodeled! Brand new furniture! South West exposure facing an open courtyard.. Great sunny living room... Extremely cosy bedroom, very quiet, queen size bed with fluffy pillows. Great bathroom with 2 big windows, remodeled with an italian shower.. Very quiet cosmopolitan neighborhood appreciated by artists (museums, galleries, theaters). Many restaurants, bars, food courts of all kinds, organic, meats ,vegetables, bakeries. Heart of Paris, close to the Marais, République Bastille, Grands Boulevards...All the main touristic places of the city 6 subways stati
7111		Tiny price for a nice flat with 2 separate bedrooms and a big living room for 4 or 6 peoles ! Just in the area of the North Station : Thalys, direct train from the airport, métro (4 lines) The flat is on  a courtyard, on 3rd floor from. Very calm. 2 separate bedrooms with 2 double bed, a living room with a double extra bed. You will have wifi connection. India area You will have direct access to many transport : - North Station (Thalys, direct airport) and East station (Eurodisney)  : 5 mn walk - Metro lines 4, 5 and 7 : 5 mn walk - RER B (St germain area and airport), D (stade de France) and E (Haussman Galeries Lafayettes) station : 5 mn walk Sheets and towels are provided. If you book only a night, the cleaning fee is 20€ by cash when you arrive.
7112	beautiful appartment,all new close to montmartre,galeries lafayettes,opéra,grands boulevard lots of shops around restaurants very quiet and sunny  appartment internet,tv,the kitchen is fully equiped, sheets and towels are furnished possibility to have baby bed  and chair  possiblity to park a car 80 euro/week third floor with lift local for bycicle metro and bus close to the appartment you will enjoy your stay in paris!! 	really nice and quiet flat,close to montmarttre,redone in 2014 beautiful appartment,all new close to montmartre,galeries lafayettes,opéra,grands boulevard lots of shops around restaurants very quiet and sunny  appartment internet,tv,the kitchen is fully equiped, sheets and towels are furnished possibility to have baby bed  and chair  possiblity to park a car 80 euro/week third floor with lift local for bycicle metro and bus close to the appartment you will enjoy your stay in paris!! 
7113		Studio moderne et contemporain, refait à neuf idéalement situé à proximité des grands boulevards. L'appartement est lumineux et très confortable. Bien équipé, dans une petite cour, il dispose de 4 couchages. Idéal pour court séjour dans la capitale. A votre arrivée, je vous présenterai mes adresses préférées de la capitale. Je reste disponible par email durant votre séjour si vous avez besoin de conseils. A proximité des grandes gares (10 minutes Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord), avec la ligne 7,8 et 9 (métro Poissonnière ou Bonne Nouvelle), l'appartement est idéalement situé à la fois pour visiter la capitale mais également pour profiter de la nuit Parisienne.
7114	A room located in the very center of Paris, with 3 differnt metro lines, buses, nighbuses. We provide you everything, breakfast, mobile phone, shampoos, towels, sheets, etc. so that you  just enjoy your stay. You can reach  by walk many spots. Your room has everything : a fan, a fridge, a kettle, hair dryer, an umbrella,  a k-way, a heater in the cold, a double person bed. You have a little balcony so you can smoke. We can give you a  mobile with a sim card but itis a prepaid so you  wont be able  to use it for abroad  (it will be just  for Parisian numbers). We give you breakfast :  dry bread (biscotte style,  jam, butter, coffee, tea). Strong  WIFI. The flat is spatious, with kitchen, WC and bathrooms. You can cook in the kitchen too if you want and use other facilities such as washing mashine.  For your information, you have retailers, like LIDL (very cheap), Dia, monoprix (convenient)just one block (website hidden), wireless and phone. We give you shampoos and soap , we want you no	A room located in the very center of Paris, with 3 differnt metro lines, buses, nighbuses. We provide you everything, breakfast, mobile phone, shampoos, towels, sheets, etc. so that you  just enjoy your stay. You can reach  by walk many spots. A room located in the very center of Paris, with 3 differnt metro lines, buses, nighbuses. We provide you everything, breakfast, mobile phone, shampoos, towels, sheets, etc. so that you  just enjoy your stay. You can reach  by walk many spots. Your room has everything : a fan, a fridge, a kettle, hair dryer, an umbrella,  a k-way, a heater in the cold, a double person bed. You have a little balcony so you can smoke. We can give you a  mobile with a sim card but itis a prepaid so you  wont be able  to use it for abroad  (it will be just  for Parisian numbers). We give you breakfast :  dry bread (biscotte style,  jam, butter, coffee, tea). Strong  WIFI. The flat is spatious, with kitchen, WC and bathrooms. You can cook in the kitchen too if you wan
7115	Nice room of 13m2 with sofa-bed, table, wardrobe and piano. The apartment has fully equipped kitchen (with a nice collection of tea, that you are very welcome to taste), bathroom and everything you need for your stay. Me or my flatmate will welcome you and show you around. Juliette is a very nice person, studying arts and passionate about cinema and music.  You have also some books in three languages if you wish to have a calm time for reading (French, English, Russian). And if you play piano - you are very welcome to practice at my place! Very close to metro Gare de L'Est that gives you the access to lines 4, 5, 7. Gare du Nord is 10 min walk that brings you to the direct line to airports. I'm originally from Russia, Saint Petersburg but I live in France for quite some time already. So we can communicate in English, en français или по-русски.	Renting a cosy room close to Canal Saint Martin, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord.  Whatever airport/train station you are coming - it's very easy to get to the place. Many shops and bars around. Nice room of 13m2 with sofa-bed, table, wardrobe and piano. The apartment has fully equipped kitchen (with a nice collection of tea, that you are very welcome to taste), bathroom and everything you need for your stay. Me or my flatmate will welcome you and show you around. Juliette is a very nice person, studying arts and passionate about cinema and music.  You have also some books in three languages if you wish to have a calm time for reading (French, English, Russian). And if you play piano - you are very welcome to practice at my place! Very close to metro Gare de L'Est that gives you the access to lines 4, 5, 7. Gare du Nord is 10 min walk that brings you to the direct line to airports. I'm originally from Russia, Saint Petersburg but I live in France for quite some time already. So we can comm
7116	Pleasant and comfortable double room is available for you. we share the kitchen, living room and bathroom. This is an apartment of 55 square meters, 3 beautiful pieces, made new and fully equipped located on the 3st floor, overlooking quiet courtyard, no noise. I rent out my flat while i'll still be in. A private bedroom is available, we share the kitchen, living room and bathroom. I won't be at home for long because of my job so you will quickly make yourself at home! It is fully furnished an dequiped (washing machines, Wifi, ..) You will have your own room with a bed for 2 people. The whole house is at your disposal: Kitchen, living room, bathroom ,Wifi. And of course, we will give you all kinds of recommendations for a pleasant stay in Paris.	Pleasant and comfortable double room is available for you. we share the kitchen, living room and bathroom. This is an apartment of 55 square meters, 3 beautiful pieces, made new and fully equipped located on the 3st floor, overlooking quiet courtyard, no noise. I rent out my flat while i'll still be in. A private bedroom is available, we share the kitchen, living room and bathroom. I won't be at home for long because of my job so you will quickly make yourself at home! It is fully furnished an dequiped (washing machines, Wifi, ..) You will have your own room with a bed for 2 people. The whole house is at your disposal: Kitchen, living room, bathroom ,Wifi. And of course, we will give you all kinds of recommendations for a pleasant stay in Paris. The apartment is very well located: A few steps from the metro station Poissonnière (Line 7)  A 5-minute walk from the Gare du Nord (eurostar) or Gare de l'Est.  A 10 minutes walk of the Sacred Heart.  10mn walk from the Canal St Martin, the Gr
7117		I'm living into a sharing flat. My room is available for one or 2 persons. The appartment is nearly convenient transportation, and the style of the flat is typical of the old fashion parisian flat.
7118	"IMPORTANT I don't want to establish ""restricted area zones"" or a strict internal rules. I enjoy having  chats with guests to advise them on the good places to go or visit (the local ones, not the touristic guides!). I don't mind at all if they are having breakfast in the living-room when I'm waking (website hidden), having dinner and stay in the living room for a while is ok too. But like in any other shared apartment, I'm expecting discretion & cleanness (not staying up all night watching TV loud for example) + being respectful of my intimacy. Thanks. So, now let me describe the place! To get in the building, people need to pass 2 security doors with codes. Then you can enjoy a nice elevator (good when travelling with suitcases... and sometime rare in Paris!) bringing you to the ""nest""! EQUIPMENT- AMENITIES  ----------------------------  All the comfort of home :  * Living room with a brand new sofa, 2 seater sofa, one coffee table, one table for diner, TV cable, music sound system, v"	"In a newly renovated 75msq haussmanian apartment, this clean & cute bedroom is ideally located within a minute walk from Gare du Nord, an ideal location for travellers.  You'll appreciate dropping your heavy bags or suitcases! To IMPORTANT I don't want to establish ""restricted area zones"" or a strict internal rules. I enjoy having  chats with guests to advise them on the good places to go or visit (the local ones, not the touristic guides!). I don't mind at all if they are having breakfast in the living-room when I'm waking (website hidden), having dinner and stay in the living room for a while is ok too. But like in any other shared apartment, I'm expecting discretion & cleanness (not staying up all night watching TV loud for example) + being respectful of my intimacy. Thanks. So, now let me describe the place! To get in the building, people need to pass 2 security doors with codes. Then you can enjoy a nice elevator (good when travelling with suitcases... and sometime rare in Paris!)"
7119	L'appartement est un 3 pièces atypiques, car j'ai ma chambre dans le grenier. 4 ème étage sans ascenseur, bât A esc C. Charme de l'ancien, poutres apparentes et tomettes d'époque au sol. Cuisine et salle de bain à partager. Cuisine toute équipée avec lave vaisselle et lave linge. La chambre est en fait le grand salon de l'appartement (16 m2), cuisine dinatoire. Rideau et mur de cheminée séparent les 2 espaces de vie. Quartier très central juste à côté de République et de la plupart des lignes de métros 5, 4, 9, 8, et 11. 10 mn à pieds de Beaubourg Les halles, 15 mn de Chatelet à pieds... 5 mn en bus, juste en bas devant la mairie. Quartier animés, beaucoup de commerces, restaurants et théâtre.  Proche du canal St Martin, gare de l'est et gare du nord. 15 mn de la gare de Lyon par la ligne 14 Very cosy appartment on the 4th floor without elevator. On a courtyard. Very central building A stair C. Full furnished kitchen and bathroom that we share, you have your own room 16 m2, with a coac	L'appartement est un 3 pièces atypiques, car j'ai ma chambre dans le grenier. 4 ème étage sans ascenseur, bât A esc C. Charme de l'ancien, poutres apparentes et tomettes d'époque au sol. Cuisine et salle de bain à partager. Cuisine toute équipée avec lave vaisselle et lave linge. La chambre est en fait le grand salon de l'appartement (16 m2), cuisine dinatoire. Rideau et mur de cheminée séparent les 2 espaces de vie. Quartier très central juste à côté de République et de la plupart des lignes de métros 5, 4, 9, 8, et 11. 10 mn à pieds de Beaubourg Les halles, 15 mn de Chatelet à pieds... 5 mn en bus, juste en bas devant la mairie. Quartier animés, beaucoup de commerces, restaurants et théâtre.  Proche du canal St Martin, gare de l'est et gare du nord. 15 mn de la gare de Lyon par la ligne 14 Very cosy appartment on the 4th floor without elevator. On a courtyard. Very central building A stair C. Full furnished kitchen and bathroom that we share, you have your own room 16 m2, with a coac
7120		30m2 . Ideal for 2 people, Canal Saint Martin, near Republique, Gare de l'Est/ Gare du Nord (15 min walk). Restaurants, bars, coffee shops, markets and bakery only a few steps away. Loft bedroom, shower, fully equipped kitchen, TV and WiFi. Very bright with view on the canal, quiet little street.
7121	"Hello,  I rent an apartment (30 m2) in a quiet street of the 10th district of Paris, situated near place Republique and Canal Saint Martin. The closest subway station is ""Republique"": lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11. Just in 1 min on foot you will benefit from all the conveniences (Minimarket, Supermarket, Bakery, Pharmacy, Japanese restaurants, Brasseries, Pizzeria, Bar, Shops, Taxi). The apartment is situated in the second floor, and extremely quiet because all the windows give onto an inner courtyard. The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a cooker, an oven, a machine Nespresso. 2 television sets flat screen (cable TV with over 250 channels in every langage), a sofa bed, a washing machine, iron, flies for clothes, hairdryer. The bathroom includes a shower. Inclusive high speed WiFi! Sheets and towels are supplied.  Goodbye, Enrico "	"Hello,  I rent an apartment (30 m2) in a quiet street of the 10th district of Paris, situated near place Republique and Canal Saint Martin. The closest subway station is ""Republique"": lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11. Just in 1 min on foot you will benefit from all the conveniences (Minimarket, Supermarket, Bakery, Pharmacy, Japanese restaurants, Brasseries, Pizzeria, Bar, Shops, Taxi). The apartment is situated in the second floor, and extremely quiet because all the windows give onto an inner courtyard. The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, a cooker, an oven, a machine Nespresso. 2 television sets flat screen (cable TV with over 250 channels in every langage), a sofa bed, a washing machine, iron, flies for clothes, hairdryer. The bathroom includes a shower. Inclusive high speed WiFi! Sheets and towels are supplied.  Goodbye, Enrico "
7122	métros  ligne 11 (Goncourt, 350 mètres), ligne 2 (Belleville (450 mètres,ou Colonel Fabien), et Place de la République à env. 10 min. à pieds Bus 46 et 75 à proximité	Studio cosy et fonctionnel très bien situé au centre de Paris, dans un quartier jeune et branché. En RDC calme sur cour, métros ligne 2 et 3 et à 500m de République. Commerces, bars et restaurants, Vélib et Autolib à proximité. métros  ligne 11 (Goncourt, 350 mètres), ligne 2 (Belleville (450 mètres,ou Colonel Fabien), et Place de la République à env. 10 min. à pieds Bus 46 et 75 à proximité métros  ligne 11 (Goncourt, 350 mètres), ligne 2 (Belleville (450 mètres,ou Colonel Fabien), et Place de la République à env. 10 min. à pieds Bus 46 et 75 à proximité
7123	Located in a dynamic neighborhood near the Canal Saint-Martin, we'll be glad to welcome you in our two-rooms apartment. You'll find there everything you need to spend an excellent time: - a bedroom with a comfy bed (140*190). - a kitchen fully equipped with fridge, hot plates, oven, microwave, Nespresso machine and toaster. - a living room with a sofa, a television, a wifi access with fiber optics and a place to have a nice meal. - a bathroom with a shower, towels, shampoo and shower gel. - a toilet with a great painting hanging on the wall :) ------------------ Situé dans un quartier dynamique près de République et du Canal Saint Martin, nous serons heureux de vous accueillir dans notre appartement de deux pièces. Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent moment : - une chambre avec un confortable lit (140*190). - une cuisine tout équipé avec frigidaire, plaques de cuisson, four, micro-ondes, machine Nespresso et grille-pain. - une pièce à vivre avec un c	Come enjoy a cosy appartment located in the center of Paris (10th). Its two rooms will host you in a quiet and bright atmosphere after a busy day in the capital. We are located in a dynamic neighborhood with a lot of restaurants and cafés around! Located in a dynamic neighborhood near the Canal Saint-Martin, we'll be glad to welcome you in our two-rooms apartment. You'll find there everything you need to spend an excellent time: - a bedroom with a comfy bed (140*190). - a kitchen fully equipped with fridge, hot plates, oven, microwave, Nespresso machine and toaster. - a living room with a sofa, a television, a wifi access with fiber optics and a place to have a nice meal. - a bathroom with a shower, towels, shampoo and shower gel. - a toilet with a great painting hanging on the wall :) ------------------ Situé dans un quartier dynamique près de République et du Canal Saint Martin, nous serons heureux de vous accueillir dans notre appartement de deux pièces. Vous y trouverez tout ce don
7124	The room is furnished, with a double bed, shelves, hanging space, desk, chairs and heater. Situated (like the rest of the apartment) under the eaves of the building, it has a partially inclined roof that gives it a special charm.   The apartment is perfect for sharing since the 2 bedrooms are separated by a corridor and there is a very large fully-equipped kitchen, with 2 fridges (one for you, one for me) and all one could wish for in terms of cooking utensils. The bathroom is also very spacious and has a bath, shower and washing machine. Another point of some importance for summer visits is that the apartment is deliciously cool in even the hottest of weather given that it has windows on both sides that ensure a refreshing breeze.	The room available for your stay is very light, very large (20 sq metres) and airy, with a window that gives on to a large open back-courtyard space. You are guaranteed a good night's sleep—one hears no noise at all from neighbours or the street! The room is furnished, with a double bed, shelves, hanging space, desk, chairs and heater. Situated (like the rest of the apartment) under the eaves of the building, it has a partially inclined roof that gives it a special charm.   The apartment is perfect for sharing since the 2 bedrooms are separated by a corridor and there is a very large fully-equipped kitchen, with 2 fridges (one for you, one for me) and all one could wish for in terms of cooking utensils. The bathroom is also very spacious and has a bath, shower and washing machine. Another point of some importance for summer visits is that the apartment is deliciously cool in even the hottest of weather given that it has windows on both sides that ensure a refreshing breeze. I will will
7125	Discover a beautiful view of the Parisian rooftops and the unusual architecture of the micro bathroom Parisian. We have a cat ( Lulu !) Very sociable but that can be isolated from the room where you sleep if you wish check in : before 8.45AM or after 6PM Découvrez une belle vue sur les toits parisien et l'insolite architecture des micro salle de bain parisienne ! Nous avons chat (Lulu!) très sociable mais qui peut être isolé de la pièce où vous dormez si vous le souhaitez ! check in : before 8.45AM or after 6PM	Close to the trendy Canal St Martin . Sofa bed in a comfortable living room of a typical Parisian apartment, with a dining table, turntable , wifi and TV At the 6 th floor overlooking the Sacré Cœur Discover a beautiful view of the Parisian rooftops and the unusual architecture of the micro bathroom Parisian. We have a cat ( Lulu !) Very sociable but that can be isolated from the room where you sleep if you wish check in : before 8.45AM or after 6PM Découvrez une belle vue sur les toits parisien et l'insolite architecture des micro salle de bain parisienne ! Nous avons chat (Lulu!) très sociable mais qui peut être isolé de la pièce où vous dormez si vous le souhaitez ! check in : before 8.45AM or after 6PM récupération des clés à 19h le vendredi et retour des clés 14h WIFI TV Vinyle Canapé lit haute gamme  Conseils pour les visites  Petit bureau avec balcon Si les voyageurs le souhaitent et si nous sommes disponibles nous pouvons tout à fait imaginer le partage d'un repas ou un moment 
7126	The room is freshly renovated. My apartment is charming and typically Parisian.  It's a charming place for a couple and you have a beautiful view from your window. See the picture !	I'm renting a room in my 65m2 appartment. There is bed for two and a desk and all you need for your clothes. The room is freshly renovated. My apartment is charming and typically Parisian.  It's a charming place for a couple and you have a beautiful view from your window. See the picture ! My guests will access to the room, the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room. I can be very discret and respectful of my guests privacy. And I can have dinner with them in my large dinner table. It's all on you. I will help you to have a great journey in Paris !  I love my neighborhood because it's multicultural and it's a chance to see how other people live.  But the first advantage is the location. 10 minutes to Pigalle and Montmartre, 20 minutes to go in Odeon, Saint Germain des Pres, Jardins du Luxembourg. 25 minutes to go in Champs Elysées.
7127	Situated at the 5th floor with elevator, the flat is 50 square meter. Ideal for a couple and even for a family. There is a large living room with a sleeping-couch, one bedroom with a comfortable double bed 160. Fully equipped : kitchen with oven,  cooktop, dishwasher and washing machine, toaster, kettle, fridge and freezer, Nespresso. Bathroom.  Flat TV and wifi connexion. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. And it is also convenient to join many sites in no more than 20 minutes.	50sqm Flat located in the 10th district between Gare du Nord and Canal Saint Martin. A lively neighborhood, lots of grocery stores, cheese and wine shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafés,next to several metro, bus and velib stations,  Situated at the 5th floor with elevator, the flat is 50 square meter. Ideal for a couple and even for a family. There is a large living room with a sleeping-couch, one bedroom with a comfortable double bed 160. Fully equipped : kitchen with oven,  cooktop, dishwasher and washing machine, toaster, kettle, fridge and freezer, Nespresso. Bathroom.  Flat TV and wifi connexion. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. And it is also convenient to join many sites in no more than 20 minutes. You have the full flat for you, in respect of the neighbours. You can contact me during your stay. A lively neighborhood, lots of grocery stores, cheese and wine shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafés, but you can also wander along the canal which is a few st
7128	The apartment is on the 3rd floor with elevator.  Big shared living room with open well equipped kitchen (dish washer,gas-oven, microwave) . Big dining table. Two bathrooms with bathtub and 2 toilets. The room has a double bed with fresh covers, a closet with towels and a window giving out to the street.  Free Wifi available.	Centrally located room at walking distance from many of Paris nicest neighborhoods (Louvre, Palais Royal, Marais, Opéra, Centre Pompidou, Notre Dame, ...) . Close to 4 metro-lines (3-4-8-9, Bonne Nouvelle, Sentier, Strasbourg-St.Denis) connecting straight to the main attractions in Paris.  The apartment is on the 3rd floor with elevator.  Big shared living room with open well equipped kitchen (dish washer,gas-oven, microwave) . Big dining table. Two bathrooms with bathtub and 2 toilets. The room has a double bed with fresh covers, a closet with towels and a window giving out to the street.  Free Wifi available. Guests will have full access to all the equipments in the kitchen, the living room as well as the washing machine in the bathroom.  You will have your own set of keys to enter and go whenever you like.  We are 3 young independent architects from France and Belgium living in Paris since long enough to recommend several nice places all over Paris. We are able to communicate in Eng
7129	bright appartement with 5 balconies on the top floor close to a hipp & vibrant Canal St. Martin area	Charming room with a balcony and a view over rooftops in a beautiful & bright, shared appartment in a vibrant 10e neighbourhood between Canal St. Martin, Gare du Nord & Republique bright appartement with 5 balconies on the top floor close to a hipp & vibrant Canal St. Martin area let us know what brings you to Paris and we´ll see how we can help with tipps and information.  unfortunately we do not provide breakfast full of restaurants & bars, great foodmarkets & traditional & oriental bistro´s 2 Metro lines acces and 10 min walk to Gare du Nord & Gare de L´Est
7130	Small studio of 13m ² renovated in the heart of Paris Neat, comfortable and well appointed, two people can stay. It consists of: - A central room with a sofa bed for two people and a convenient, other arrangements are provided - A private bathroom with shower, toilet and basin - A kitchenette with an electric hob, microwave and refrigerator and cookware. - Internet, phone (for communications under the subscription contract) Courtyard, you'll be quiet. Very bright with two large windows to double glazing and warm in the winter thanks to its two electric heaters. The Sentier district, historic site, is home to shops, markets, restaurants, theaters and cinema (Rex). It will take 10 minutes walk to get to Republic Square, 5 minutes to go in the famous Montorgueil and if you continue you get to the heart of the Marais. A quarter of an hour, you can spend lavishly to Galeries Lafayette in the Opera district. For lazy, two metro stations (Strasbourg Saint Denis Good News), serving strategic l	Small studio of 13m ² renovated in the heart of Paris Neat, comfortable and well appointed, two people can stay. It consists of: - A central room with a sofa bed for two people and a convenient, other arrangements are provided - A private bathroom with shower, toilet and basin - A kitchenette with an electric hob, microwave and refrigerator and cookware. - Internet, phone (for communications under the subscription contract) Courtyard, you'll be quiet. Very bright with two large windows to double glazing and warm in the winter thanks to its two electric heaters. The Sentier district, historic site, is home to shops, markets, restaurants, theaters and cinema (Rex). It will take 10 minutes walk to get to Republic Square, 5 minutes to go in the famous Montorgueil and if you continue you get to the heart of the Marais. A quarter of an hour, you can spend lavishly to Galeries Lafayette in the Opera district. For lazy, two metro stations (Strasbourg Saint Denis Good News), serving strategic l
7131	"The apartment is perfectly located for site seeing by day and experiencing ""bona fide"" Parisian life by night. The penthouse is very large and spacious, occupying 70% of the top floor. It has large, modern French windows with views on the beautiful Canal. The apartment sleeps three, with a full-sized bed in the bedroom that sleeps two and a comfortable sofa bed in the adjacent living room that sleeps one. The flat has a large, fully-stocked kitchen as well as a bathroom with shower/bath-tub. The apartment is located on the third floor of a 19th-century (""Haussmannian"" - for those of you who know French architecture!) building. It sleeps 4 people, is fully furnished and has:  *Large living room/salon with lots of light coming in through the French windows and an amazing view of the Canal Saint-Martin! Amenities include: large couch/sofa bed, coffee table, flat-screen TV with international cable & DVD player (sleeps 1 person on sofabed)  *Master Bedroom with large, round (full-sized) bed"	"The Space Beautiful, spacious 70 m2 Haussmann/nouveau two-bedroom modern appartment, conveniently situated in the trendy 10th arrondissement near République and Canal Saint-Martin, the capital of Paris’s “Bobo” (“bourgeois-bohème”) scene.  The apartment is perfectly located for site seeing by day and experiencing ""bona fide"" Parisian life by night. The penthouse is very large and spacious, occupying 70% of the top floor. It has large, modern French windows with views on the beautiful Canal. The apartment sleeps three, with a full-sized bed in the bedroom that sleeps two and a comfortable sofa bed in the adjacent living room that sleeps one. The flat has a large, fully-stocked kitchen as well as a bathroom with shower/bath-tub. The apartment is located on the third floor of a 19th-century (""Haussmannian"" - for those of you who know French architecture!) building. It sleeps 4 people, is fully furnished and has:  *Large living room/salon with lots of light coming in through the French win"
7132		This cosy and newly renovated studio apartment is located in the lovely neighborhood of the Canal Saint-Martin. Perfect for a couple or two friends on 
7133		Offering private room with breakfast just a step from the East & North Station in a calm, sunny  70m² flat.   You will have access to the kitchen, the washing machine, a connected computer with cam. I can give you advices about parisian museums and if you wish, guide you in The Louvres, Orsay Museum, Rodin's Museum, Modern Arts Museum and the Centre Pompidou (one of my favorite) Go for a walk to the Marché Saint-Quentin, a market hall a few step always from the building. I can suggest you the best shoppings. East Station, North Station, Metro lines 4, 5, 7, RER B (Aéroport Charles de Gaulle) D & E, numerous buses : the place is ideally deserved.  Also underground parkings very close. Room with a futon if you are alone, double bed if you are two. 
7134		Typically parisian, charming, furnished one bedroom (1 bedroom + 1 living-room) flat, with wooden floor, fireplace, a big balcony, and a nice view on Paris rooftops - in a calm and fashionable street, close to many metros and shops. Welcome home !
7135	Ideal for discovering Paris!! Fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom with tub. 2 people can sleep in the bedroom and other 2 in the sofa bed ( real bed ! ) Very nice view on the Canal St Martin with large windows, bright. Paris :)	Large and very charming flat on the Canal Saint Martin. Amazing view right on the canal for 4 people ! Very very great view. Near Buttes Chaumons, Villette, Gare du Nord and Gare de l'est. Jaurès / Louis Blanc metro. Ideal for discovering Paris!! Fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom with tub. 2 people can sleep in the bedroom and other 2 in the sofa bed ( real bed ! ) Very nice view on the Canal St Martin with large windows, bright. Paris :) You going to have access to the entire housing. I will be there to welcome you but i'm not living in the neighborhood so, your arrival hour will be valuable for me to know as quickly as possible :) For the check out, i'll ask you to check before 12am if possible ;) Welcome home! Place with many food shops (supermarket, market, cheese shop, butcher  ...) Very nice walks to do on the Canal St Martin. Atmosphere daytime and evenings. Full of very charming bars and restaurants. Safe neighborhood! Metro :  4 minutes : JAURES (Lines 2, 5 and 7bis) 5 mi
7136		The flat is near the Railway station, Gare du Nord. There are all commodities (wifi, . From the flat you are in 10mn by walk in Sacré-Coeur/Montmartre. The room is cosy and big.
7137	WELCOME! I am renting a charming and very central studio located in the 10th arr. Perfect for a couple! It is very safe and trend neighborhood,you will love going for a walk along Canal St-Martin.  - 1st floor - Cosy and elegantly furnished studio (Bedroom + kitchen/living room + small bathroom). - High speed wireless internet - Iron and ironing board - Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, 2 electric jobs, microwave and all cooking tools/dishes)  - Bed linen  are provided You will find everything you need down the street : public laundry, post, grocery stores, pharmacie, hairdressers, gym, health care, internet coffee etc. Hope to  see you soon!	Our cool and comfortable studio is located in a quiet building but lively neighborhood in the heart of Paris (coffee shops, restaurants, stores nearby…) Everything is walkable. Ideal to discover Paris! WELCOME! I am renting a charming and very central studio located in the 10th arr. Perfect for a couple! It is very safe and trend neighborhood,you will love going for a walk along Canal St-Martin.  - 1st floor - Cosy and elegantly furnished studio (Bedroom + kitchen/living room + small bathroom). - High speed wireless internet - Iron and ironing board - Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, 2 electric jobs, microwave and all cooking tools/dishes)  - Bed linen  are provided You will find everything you need down the street : public laundry, post, grocery stores, pharmacie, hairdressers, gym, health care, internet coffee etc. Hope to  see you soon! You will have all the studio for yourself, idéal for your perfect your holidays in Paris. Contact me by mail for more information!  Right outside the
7138	It's a little house in the middle of Paris!	I am renting my charming little & sweet house near the canal saint-martin. Situated in a building courtyard, I am sure you will enjoy your stay and the privacy of this unique little house. Central location. Perfect for a couple or a single person. It's a little house in the middle of Paris! All I will be reached by phone or e-mails anytime! Full of shops around and restaurants and really well connected with métros (Gare de l'est, gare du nord)
7139	Appartement de charme de 58 m2 typiquement parisien, 3 pièces, lumineux et très calme (donnant sur deux cours intérieures) sans proche vis à vis avec une jolie vue sur une allée arborée. Les voyageurs seront au calme après une journée de visites, de shopping, de balades. Une décoration accueillante et chaleureuse propice à la vie de famille. Deux chambres (un lit double dans la 1ere + 2 lits mitoyens dans la 2eme) + canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon permettant de loger jusqu'à 6 personnes.  Une grande télé, chaine hifi et Internet (en wifi), lecteur DVD/DivX. Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-onde, lave-linge, frigo-congélo...), grande douche à l'italienne, toilettes séparées, nombreux rangements, parquet ancien, cheminée. Situé entre le canal St Martin et le canal de l'Ourcq. Au cœur d'un quartier très agréable, convivial et familial, L'appartement est idéalement desservi (gares, RER, bus et métro).  Les marcheurs pourront se rendre à pied au canal Saint-Martin (2mn), aux B	Appartement de charme de 58 m2 typiquement parisien, 3 pièces, lumineux et très calme (donnant sur deux cours intérieures) sans proche vis à vis avec une jolie vue sur une allée arborée. Les voyageurs seront au calme après une journée de visites, de shopping, de balades. Une décoration accueillante et chaleureuse propice à la vie de famille. Deux chambres (un lit double dans la 1ere + 2 lits mitoyens dans la 2eme) + canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon permettant de loger jusqu'à 6 personnes.  Une grande télé, chaine hifi et Internet (en wifi), lecteur DVD/DivX. Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-onde, lave-linge, frigo-congélo...), grande douche à l'italienne, toilettes séparées, nombreux rangements, parquet ancien, cheminée. Situé entre le canal St Martin et le canal de l'Ourcq. Au cœur d'un quartier très agréable, convivial et familial, L'appartement est idéalement desservi (gares, RER, bus et métro).  Les marcheurs pourront se rendre à pied au canal Saint-Martin (2mn), aux B
7140	Welcome in our apartment planned for 6-7 people ( three double beds and one for a young child) . Our 94m² apartment is located in the heart of Paris, close to the main connections (between East Station and North Station). On the second floor of a Haussmann building, you will be seduced by its volumes (height ceiling 3,40m ), comfort and calm.  On arrival you will find: • A large living room / entrance of 33 m² • A fully equipped kitchen including a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave • 3 bedrooms ( 15 sqm, 10 sqm and 8 sqm) equipped with 3 double beds and one child bed • 2 full bathrooms : one with bathtub , washing machine and dryer; the second with a shower cabin On request, baby equipment can be provided	Welcome in our apartment planned for 6-7 people ( three double beds and one for a young child) . Our 94m² apartment is located in the heart of Paris, close to the main connections (between East Station and North Station). On the second floor of a Haussmann building, you will be seduced by its volumes (height ceiling 3,40m ), comfort and calm.  On arrival you will find: • A large living room / entrance of 33 m² • A fully equipped kitchen including a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave • 3 bedrooms ( 15 sqm, 10 sqm and 8 sqm) equipped with 3 double beds and one child bed • 2 full bathrooms : one with bathtub , washing machine and dryer; the second with a shower cabin On request, baby equipment can be provided We let the whole apartment during your stay with clean sheets and towels. Depending of the moment , we welcome you directly or not. In this last case, an agency will welcome you and will be at your disposal for any inquiries. For summer reservations, bookings are from Saturday to Sa
7141	50 meters square duplex with 18m2 patio , first floor with elevator,  Bright, sunny and quiet renewed in 2012, in the central, safe, and trendy canal st martin area.. Metro stations jacques bonsergent or republique 5 minutes walking from the Metro station Republique ,  15 minutes walking from The Marais, Lines 3, 5, 8 and 9 : direct access to Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides and Bastille. Direct access from Gare du Nord also : very easy for travelers using Eurostar Very comfortably furnished  it has the charm of an atypical duplex sleeping up to four persons. Accommodations:  Clean- all furnished appartement, room with double bed , a full equiped kitchen, living room, and bathroom.  1 sofa bed for 2  I'll provide clean bedsheets, towels, soap, wi-fi high speed, TV, phone, etc. For a business trip or just for leisure, you will definitly enjoy your stay 	"50 meters square duplex with 18m2 patio , first floor with elevator,  Bright, sunny and quiet renewed in 2012, in the central, safe, and trendy canal st martin area.. Metro stations jacques bonsergent or republique 5 minutes walking from the Metro station Republique ,  15 minutes walking from The Marais, Lines 3, 5, 8 and 9 : direct access to Madeleine, Concorde, Invalides and Bastille. Direct access from Gare du Nord also : very easy for travelers using Eurostar Very comfortably furnished  it has the charm of an atypical duplex sleeping up to four persons. Accommodations:  Clean- all furnished appartement, room with double bed , a full equiped kitchen, living room, and bathroom.  1 sofa bed for 2  I'll provide clean bedsheets, towels, soap, wi-fi high speed, TV, phone, etc. For a business trip or just for leisure, you will definitly enjoy your stay A lot of good restaurants, nice bars, nice shops all around....A supermarket close to my building...  By subway line 5, my station is "" Ja"
7142		"La chambre que nous vous proposons dans notre appartement se situe sur un passage privé, pavé et fleuri comme une maison en Toscane : Le soleil viendra vous réveiller de bon matin !  En plein centre de Paris, quartier animé et ""bobo"" :) "
7143		Chambre de 45m2 avec espace salon privatif située dans un appartement haussmannien de 175m2, comprenant une entrée, un salon, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain, WC et 4 autres (website hidden) + Wifi Nous échangerons volontiers avec les voyageurs en fonction de la disponibilité de chacun. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier animé de Paris, à la frontière entre le 9ème et le 10ème arrondissement, aux pieds de nombreux commerces, restaurants et bars. Idéalement situé, vous rejoindrez les grands magasins et le quartier d'Opéra en 15 minutes de marche et Montmartre en 10 minutes. Nombreuses lignes de métros et de RER à proximité :  - Gare du Nord : lignes 5, 4, RER B et RER D  - Poissonnière : ligne 7  - Anvers, Barbès : ligne 2  - Notre Dame de Lorette : ligne 12 Nombreuses lignes de bus dans la rue à 50m de l'immeuble.
7144	"The apartment is sunny and crossing: the living room with small balcony on street, and the room on a nice quiet courtyard. The furniture and objects are often travel souvenirs and flea markets finds. The tiny table on the balcony is perfect for a drink in the evening.  The living room is comfortable enough to rest after your ""walks in Paris"" and books (design, photography, architecture, illustrations, novels, guides Paris ...) are numerous to entertain you. Feel free to browse through.  You can listen to your music by connecting your device on the speakers. The living room has a fireplace, a comfortable sofa, a large coffee table, a rocking chair, stools and a dining table with 4 chairs. The room is quiet and the blackout curtains protect you from the morning sun. The bed is 140cm with duvet and four pillows. A closet is available for your belongings and bags. The bathroom is small but the architect was able to install a large tub / shower and sink. The light is natural with 2 windows "	"Welcome to my home ! Rue de lancry,  heart of Canal St Martin with the best bakery, cheese&wine suppliers, fashion shops, libraries, bars, restaurants. Walking distance to Republique-Marais.Very convenient to visit Paris with 7 metro lines. The apartment is sunny and crossing: the living room with small balcony on street, and the room on a nice quiet courtyard. The furniture and objects are often travel souvenirs and flea markets finds. The tiny table on the balcony is perfect for a drink in the evening.  The living room is comfortable enough to rest after your ""walks in Paris"" and books (design, photography, architecture, illustrations, novels, guides Paris ...) are numerous to entertain you. Feel free to browse through.  You can listen to your music by connecting your device on the speakers. The living room has a fireplace, a comfortable sofa, a large coffee table, a rocking chair, stools and a dining table with 4 chairs. The room is quiet and the blackout curtains protect you from t"
7145	I live in this apartment and it is magical.	The perfect apartment in the heart of Paris. 35 m2 & 10m2 terrace Just a stone's throw from the bustling city center, sites, bars, restaurant, theater, cinema, etc... I live in this apartment and it is magical. As if you were at home : internet, washer, comfy bed, music, full kitchen, warm decoration, heater and aircon, ... Please, fell free to ask me anything, I will help you as much as I can. One of the best neighborhood of Paris perfectly situated. Its inhabitant are Parisian, no tourist price and so much to do. Less than 100 m from my place :  Urfa Durum : best Kurde Kebab in Paris Paris New York : best Burger in Paris Le Martel : best Tajine / Couscous in town Many Indian, African, Chinese restaurants, & Parisian brasserie of course :) Chez Jeanette, Mauri7, L'inconnu : famous trendy bar Le Chateau : one of the cheapest and coolest bar of Paris 100 m from line 4 200 m from line 8 & 9 300 m from line 5 & 7 Which means : Walking : 10 min to canal Saint Martin, 15 min to Republic, le
7146	This wonderful apartment includes a living room, bathroom, kitchen and spacious bedroom. It is super cozy, comfortable and very conveniently located!  Usually guests stay in my living room when I'm in the apartment-- which includes a very comfortable 2-person air mattress and is closed off. However, there are many periods where you can have the entire apartment to yourself, in which case the rate might be a tiny bit higher. The apartment is right next to the metro Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9). The stations Jacques Bonsergent (line 5),  République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 and 7) are also located 5-10 away by foot. There are loads of bars and restaurants in the area, and you'll also be within walking distance of the Canal Saint-Martin and the city center. You can walk to the Seine River in 15 minutes, to the Louvre and Notre Dame in about 30 minutes, and with public transport, you can get to almost anywhere you want to go in Paris within 25 minut	This wonderful apartment is super cozy, comfortable and very conveniently located! Right next to metro Strasbourg St-Denis and close to stations République, Gare de L'est and Jacques Bonsergent. Also three metro stops from Gare du Nord!  This wonderful apartment includes a living room, bathroom, kitchen and spacious bedroom. It is super cozy, comfortable and very conveniently located!  Usually guests stay in my living room when I'm in the apartment-- which includes a very comfortable 2-person air mattress and is closed off. However, there are many periods where you can have the entire apartment to yourself, in which case the rate might be a tiny bit higher. The apartment is right next to the metro Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9). The stations Jacques Bonsergent (line 5),  République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11), and Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 and 7) are also located 5-10 away by foot. There are loads of bars and restaurants in the area, and you'll also be within walking distance of 
7147	Located in a very quiet and secure cul-de-sac street, only 100 meter away from Canal Saint-Martin, our 110qm apartment has the advantage of combining a spacious and quiet place with a lively and trendy area.  THE RENTAL PLACE Spacious and cozy, the 15qm bedroom has its own private bathroom. It also has its own closet for your use. You will enjoy full intimacy, as the bedroom and the bathroom, located at the end of the apartment, are apart from the other rooms.	Welcome to our home! We can offer you a cozy and quiet private bedroom&bathroom in our shared apartment ; perfectly located in the trendy and lively neighborhood of Canal St Martin; where the very essence of the Parisian lifestyle is to be found.  Located in a very quiet and secure cul-de-sac street, only 100 meter away from Canal Saint-Martin, our 110qm apartment has the advantage of combining a spacious and quiet place with a lively and trendy area.  THE RENTAL PLACE Spacious and cozy, the 15qm bedroom has its own private bathroom. It also has its own closet for your use. You will enjoy full intimacy, as the bedroom and the bathroom, located at the end of the apartment, are apart from the other rooms. The kitchen is fully equipped with stove, dishwasher, microwave, coffee-maker, fridge and freezer and allows you to have breakfast/lunch/dinner inside.  We provide wireless internet, bed linen and towels. ABOUT US  We are a young, fun-loving and easy-going couple who’s been living in Pa
7148	It is a very typical parisian appartment.	It is a very typical parisian appartment. You will have access to internet, Tv and washing machine. the Goncourt Metro is just in front of the building I have a very quiet and nice roomate.
7149	Belle chambre dans appartement de 50M² comprenant deux chambres et un salon avec cuisine ouverte. La chambre fait 15M², avec un lit double confortable et une télévision. La fenêtre donne sur une rue calme. Les voyageurs auront accès à la cuisine tout équipée (dont lave-vaisselle). Un lave linge est aussi disponible. Le salon est partagée avec ma sympathique colocataire, Aurélie.  Pleasant private 15M² room with comfortable double bed and TV in a nice 50M² flat with two bedrooms, a living room and a fitted open-plan kitchen. A washing machine is available. The living room is to be shared with my nice flatmate, Aurélie. 	Belle chambre avec télévision et internet dans un appartement 3 pièces de 50m2. Situé métro La Chapelle (L.2), à 7 min de la Gare du Nord et 10 min à pied de Montmartre. Belle chambre dans appartement de 50M² comprenant deux chambres et un salon avec cuisine ouverte. La chambre fait 15M², avec un lit double confortable et une télévision. La fenêtre donne sur une rue calme. Les voyageurs auront accès à la cuisine tout équipée (dont lave-vaisselle). Un lave linge est aussi disponible. Le salon est partagée avec ma sympathique colocataire, Aurélie.  Pleasant private 15M² room with comfortable double bed and TV in a nice 50M² flat with two bedrooms, a living room and a fitted open-plan kitchen. A washing machine is available. The living room is to be shared with my nice flatmate, Aurélie.  Situé métro La Chapelle (L.2), à 7 min de la Gare du Nord et 10min à pied de Montmartre et Pigalle. Ma colocataire Aurélie sera ravie de vous ouvrir les portes de notre demeure ! Et évidemment de vous pr
7150	Our room 04 is a large room with private bath giving out on the court so really calm. Decorated in a contemporary natural style. Old original details like the wooden oak floor and the marble chimney are a part of the charm of this room.  The room is standard for 2 persons but we can add 2 beds. So especially for a family of 4 the room is nice. The room has a private entrance. We're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area.	Bonjour, We're a  b&b right in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful Haussmanien apartment, mouldings, marble chimneys, wooden floors, beautifully decorated. We love yto take care of our guests so they feel really at home!! Our room 04 is a large room with private bath giving out on the court so really calm. Decorated in a contemporary natural style. Old original details like the wooden oak floor and the marble chimney are a part of the charm of this room.  The room is standard for 2 persons but we can add 2 beds. So especially for a family of 4 the room is nice. The room has a private entrance. We're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. We're next to the gare du Nord area. On first sight it  is a rather busy point of Paris. Once inside our 
7151	"Paris, a city museum? Not only ... and far from it! By staying here, you'll realize that this is the opposite. In this apartment located in the heart of the historic city, you will enjoy a neighborhood, mixed and living that has kept its authenticity, with its shops, gourmet shops, restaurants and crafts. The rooms ""Coffee"" offer the comfort of a king size bed (180x200 cm), is equipped with a private shower and sink, the toilet is shared with your hôte. Services: - Breakfast is served at a table well prepared. - The table d'hote is served by reservation. It's a family kitchen where natural, organic, and mostly vegetarian food will be served. - We can guide you around, in the Rue du Faubourg St Denis and in the neighborhood to visit its market and its traditional shops. The district: Behind the building is the Court of Small Stables, cobbled street in the shade of trees and classical buildings. Here you can enjoy the terraces in a setting where time seems to stand still. The Brasserie F"	"Paris, a city museum? Not only ... and far from it! By staying here, you'll realize that this is the opposite. In this apartment located in the heart of the historic city, you will enjoy a neighborhood, mixed and living that has kept its authenticity, with its shops, gourmet shops, restaurants and crafts. The rooms ""Coffee"" offer the comfort of a king size bed (180x200 cm), is equipped with a private shower and sink, the toilet is shared with your hôte. Services: - Breakfast is served at a table well prepared. - The table d'hote is served by reservation. It's a family kitchen where natural, organic, and mostly vegetarian food will be served. - We can guide you around, in the Rue du Faubourg St Denis and in the neighborhood to visit its market and its traditional shops. The district: Behind the building is the Court of Small Stables, cobbled street in the shade of trees and classical buildings. Here you can enjoy the terraces in a setting where time seems to stand still. The Brasserie F"
7152	This charming 2-bedroom, on the 5th floor of a building of the 16th century, is tastefully decorated and has a beautiful terrace on Court. Located rue Saint-Martin, at the foot of the arch Saint-Martin in the area of Arts et Métiers, its location is ideal because at 2 steps from the Marais and rue Montorgueil, and well served by public transport. Quiet and bright, this apartment of 460 sq. ft. entirely renovated in 2013 is very comfortable for 3 people. The BEDROOM is equipped with a double bed and a HD TV, a closet and drawers empty to store your clothes. Sheets are provided. The BATHROOM, with its wide furniture and a large mirror is equipped with a bath and bath towels are provided. It overlooks the bedroom and the living room. A washing machine is at your disposal. The KITCHEN is fully equipped with: - Microwave - Kettle - Toaster - Oven - Dishwasher -  Fridge/freezer The LIVING ROOM, cosy and bright, overlooks the terrace facing East. The 2nd sofa is a single bed which can accommo	Ce charmant 2-pièces, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble du 16ème siècle, est décoré avec goût et possède une belle terrasse fleurie sur cour. This charming 2-bedroom, on the 5th floor of a building of the 16th century, is tastefully decorated and has a beautiful terrace on Court. Located rue Saint-Martin, at the foot of the arch Saint-Martin in the area of Arts et Métiers, its location is ideal because at 2 steps from the Marais and rue Montorgueil, and well served by public transport. Quiet and bright, this apartment of 460 sq. ft. entirely renovated in 2013 is very comfortable for 3 people. The BEDROOM is equipped with a double bed and a HD TV, a closet and drawers empty to store your clothes. Sheets are provided. The BATHROOM, with its wide furniture and a large mirror is equipped with a bath and bath towels are provided. It overlooks the bedroom and the living room. A washing machine is at your disposal. The KITCHEN is fully equipped with: - Microwave - Kettle - Toaster - Oven - Dishwash
7153	Welcome to Paris !! Beautiful private room in an apartment of 48 square meters, very quiet with view on the courtyard with tree. Conveniently located in a nice and trendy area (Covered Market, bakeries, grocery stores, butchers, cafes and restaurant). A great place to discover Paris like a Parisian. Near the Place de la République, Canal Saint Martin (superbe promenade) 15 minutes walk from the Marais or the center of Paris. Very easy access by metro to the historic Paris (Montmartre, Opera tour eiffel ....).  For your stay in Paris, enjoy the home : A lovely bedroom with a big size bed, storage and art books. A lounge / dining room with a very comfortable sofa, wireless internet, TV (several international channels), a piano, vinyls disc and Hi-FI system. An antic round dining table for four people. A kitchen with all the amenities to make a proper meal! (Fridge and freezer, oven and heating plate, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine and dryer..) Bathroom with a window, 	Welcome to Paris, a private room in a beautiful apartment of 48 square meters, very quiet with view on the courtyard with a tree. Conveniently located in a nice and trendy area.  (4 nights minimum until 8 July and 20 July 2015) Welcome to Paris !! Beautiful private room in an apartment of 48 square meters, very quiet with view on the courtyard with tree. Conveniently located in a nice and trendy area (Covered Market, bakeries, grocery stores, butchers, cafes and restaurant). A great place to discover Paris like a Parisian. Near the Place de la République, Canal Saint Martin (superbe promenade) 15 minutes walk from the Marais or the center of Paris. Very easy access by metro to the historic Paris (Montmartre, Opera tour eiffel ....).  For your stay in Paris, enjoy the home : A lovely bedroom with a big size bed, storage and art books. A lounge / dining room with a very comfortable sofa, wireless internet, TV (several international channels), a piano, vinyls disc and Hi-FI system. An ant
7154	You will have your private bedroom in this large flat : 67 m² means 721 ft². Calm area in center of Paris, safe and clean place. Nice true wood parquet on the floor. High ceilings and immaculate white walls. Tastefully decorated. Cosy and comfortable.	The flat is perfect for a cosy nigh in Paris. In the center of Paris, in a quiet area. The flat is spacious (67m²) and sunny, very clean and you'll enjoy the friendly neighbourhood. All transports and shops are very near. I will welcome you from 7pm You will have your private bedroom in this large flat : 67 m² means 721 ft². Calm area in center of Paris, safe and clean place. Nice true wood parquet on the floor. High ceilings and immaculate white walls. Tastefully decorated. Cosy and comfortable. We will share the flat during your stay : kitchen + living room + dining room + bathroom. You will have your own private bedroom. Kitchen has everything : fridge, hoven, mixer, electric coockingplate... in the bathroom : hairdryer, shower-gel and shampoo. I will let you my phone-number and I will be pleased to tell you where to go and what to do : Parisian tips ! Best restaurants (not expensive tourists restaurants), nice walk to do, where to find the craziest view of Paris... etc 20 meters of
7155	The Loft is located on the first floor of a unique brick building facing a quiet courtyard. There is one bebdroom with a large bed, one bathroom with an Italian shower, a large living space with an open industrial kitchen and a sofa bed (120x190). 	    Lovely Loft apartment in the heart of the 10th district in Paris. Completely renovated. 54 sqm, high ceiling 3m30, very bright (daylight) and spacious.     The Loft is located on the first floor of a unique brick building facing a quiet courtyard. There is one bebdroom with a large bed, one bathroom with an Italian shower, a large living space with an open industrial kitchen and a sofa bed (120x190).  Wifi internet access, Bose SoundDock system, bed sheets & towels, equipped kitchen, storage space for personal belongings.  I will be happy to provide you additional information if needed. The Loft is located within walking distance from Canal St Martin area, lovely bars & restaurants around, several supermarkets, bakeries, Fromagerie, etc… The Loft is located 5 minutes walking from Gare du Nord Station (Eurostar, direct train to Airports CDG and Orly). Other direct lines : line 2 - direct to Charles De Gaulle Étoile (Champs-Elysées) line 4 - direct to Châtelet & St Ouen flea market l
7156	Cuisine aménagée, salon entièrement équipé et hôtes accueillants! Kitchen and living-room fully equipped, welcoming hosts!	Une chambre à louer (lit king size) dans un grand appartement 3 pièces avec balcon situé en plein centre de Paris Proche métros République, Bonsergent et Gare de l'Est (les 14 lignes de métro parisiennes desservies) Accueil chaleureux! Cuisine aménagée, salon entièrement équipé et hôtes accueillants! Kitchen and living-room fully equipped, welcoming hosts! Remontez la rue de l'appartement et balladez vous le long des canaux parisiens. Up the appartment street you will discover Paris amazing canals/ L'appartement est à proximité immédiate de 3 stations de métro majeures : République, Gare de l'Est et Jacques Bonsergent.  Three of Paris main subway stations are in direct proximity of the appartment : République, Gare de l'Est et Jacques Bonsergent
7157		This typical parisian apartment is ideally located, in the safe, trendy and romantic 10th arrondissement, Canal Saint Martin neighbourhood wich is one of the bests spots in town to enjoy parisian life.. Quartier très animé , en journée comme en soirée. Belles ballades à faire le long du Canal. Nombreux commerces à proximité : Un exceptionnel fromager, boucherie de qualité , pâtisserie traditionnelle et conseillé par nombreuses guides touristiques. Supermarché. Restaurants et bistrots typiquement parisiens ! Le quartier est sécurisé. On vous attends pour vous confier nos meilleures adresses !
7158	"Paris, a city museum? Not only ... and far from it! By staying here, you'll realize that this is the opposite. In this apartment located in the heart of the historic city, you will enjoy a neighborhood, mixed and living that has kept its authenticity, with its shops, gourmet shops, restaurants and crafts. The room ""Crème"" offer the comfort of a king size bed (180x200 cm), , the bathroom is shared with your hôte. Services: - Breakfast is served at a table well prepared. - The table d'hote (20€/pers) is served by reservation. It's a family kitchen where natural, organic, and mostly vegetarian food will be served. - You can also book a visit of the organic market with a cooking class for 70€/pers. - We can guide you around, in the Rue du Faubourg St Denis and in the neighborhood to visit its market and its traditional shops. The district: Behind the building is the Court of Small Stables, cobbled street in the shade of trees and classical buildings. Here you can enjoy the terraces in a se"	"Paris, a city museum? Not only ... and far from it! By staying here, you'll realize that this is the opposite. In this apartment located in the heart of the historic city, you will enjoy a neighborhood, mixed and living that has kept its authenticity, with its shops, gourmet shops, restaurants and crafts. The room ""Crème"" offer the comfort of a king size bed (180x200 cm), , the bathroom is shared with your hôte. Services: - Breakfast is served at a table well prepared. - The table d'hote (20€/pers) is served by reservation. It's a family kitchen where natural, organic, and mostly vegetarian food will be served. - You can also book a visit of the organic market with a cooking class for 70€/pers. - We can guide you around, in the Rue du Faubourg St Denis and in the neighborhood to visit its market and its traditional shops. The district: Behind the building is the Court of Small Stables, cobbled street in the shade of trees and classical buildings. Here you can enjoy the terraces in a se"
7159	Modern fournitures 1 queen size bed, and 1 convertible sofa 45 square meters Cleaning done by house keeper before guests entrance	Modern fournitures 1 queen size bed, and 1 convertible sofa 45 square meters Cleaning done by house keeper before guests entrance Full apartment.  Kitchen, wifi Interaction on demand Second contact person in charge to manage emergency Central neighbourood. 4 metro lines allowing direct access to most touristic places in less than 20/25 minutes Pedestrian street, very quiet.  Plenty of tradional grocery stores, restaurants and cafes  4 metro lines 45 minutes from airports Close to Gare du Nord My moto: I want guests to feel at home in a confortable and clean apartment 
7160	A very quiet and sunny flat, it benefits from overlooking a charming courtyard garden (cour arborée). In the morning, when you open the windows, you can hear the birds singing.  We completed a thorough renovation in May 2011, when we focused on giving this flat its personality back. We have chosen a modern and warm decoration by using natural wood, light complementary colours and taken the opportunity to expose the original oak beams.  The flat is on the second floor (French 2nd floor: 0, 1, 2) and there is no elevator. Beds: Bedroom (12 m²): 2 twin beds of 80 cm, which can be joined to a large bed of 160 cm. Living room / Kitchen (14.5m²): 1 sofa bed (for a daily usage) for 2 person (140 X 200). The sofa bed is very confortable.  The apartment is 30m². I do not rent for 5 people (no need to ask).  The flat is too small and there would not be enough hot water. Access to the bathroom is through the living room. 	A very quiet and sunny flat of 30 m² located in the 10th arrondissement could be your home in Paris during your stay. The flat benefits from overlooking a charming courtyard garden.  A very quiet and sunny flat, it benefits from overlooking a charming courtyard garden (cour arborée). In the morning, when you open the windows, you can hear the birds singing.  We completed a thorough renovation in May 2011, when we focused on giving this flat its personality back. We have chosen a modern and warm decoration by using natural wood, light complementary colours and taken the opportunity to expose the original oak beams.  The flat is on the second floor (French 2nd floor: 0, 1, 2) and there is no elevator. Beds: Bedroom (12 m²): 2 twin beds of 80 cm, which can be joined to a large bed of 160 cm. Living room / Kitchen (14.5m²): 1 sofa bed (for a daily usage) for 2 person (140 X 200). The sofa bed is very confortable.  The apartment is 30m². I do not rent for 5 people (no need to ask).  The fla
7161	Vous avez passé une journée à vous balader sur le canal Saint Martin (2 min à pied), à prendre l'apéro chez Rosa Bonheur aux Buttes Chaumont (10 min à pied), à manger Thai à Belleville (10 min à pied) . Le salon vous tends les bras, la terrasse du salon vous offre ses fleurs, la baignoire enlèvera vos courbatures ! Après une bonne nuit de sommeil, la grande cuisine fera des miracles : une machine à (vrais) expressos et son café à volonté, trop de sortes de thés pour pouvoir choisir, un four pour les tartines grillées, une cuisinière pour les oeufs brouillés, et encore une fois, l'embarras du choix : le petit déj, on le prend dans la cuisine, sur le balcon de la chambre, sur celui du salon, sur la grande table de la salle à manger ? (ou au lit ?) A bientôt ! --  The appartement is located beside Hopital saint louis in a lively and fashionable neighborhood. Many metro lines around (Colonel Fabien, Goncourt, République, chateau landon) , supermarkets, street markets around. Loads of bars 	Grand appartement super cosy à deux pas du Canal St Martin. Peut accueillir 2 personnes dans une chambre avec balcon.  super quartier  Big apartment, really nice and luminous in a very nice neighborhood. We can host 2 people in a room with balcony. Vous avez passé une journée à vous balader sur le canal Saint Martin (2 min à pied), à prendre l'apéro chez Rosa Bonheur aux Buttes Chaumont (10 min à pied), à manger Thai à Belleville (10 min à pied) . Le salon vous tends les bras, la terrasse du salon vous offre ses fleurs, la baignoire enlèvera vos courbatures ! Après une bonne nuit de sommeil, la grande cuisine fera des miracles : une machine à (vrais) expressos et son café à volonté, trop de sortes de thés pour pouvoir choisir, un four pour les tartines grillées, une cuisinière pour les oeufs brouillés, et encore une fois, l'embarras du choix : le petit déj, on le prend dans la cuisine, sur le balcon de la chambre, sur celui du salon, sur la grande table de la salle à manger ? (ou au li
7162		Studio à côté du canal st martin et proche tout commerces dans le 10 eme arrondissement ! Salle de bain séparée avec douche et WC à l intérieur du studio ! Canapé lit 2 places !  Cuisinière avec 2 plaques, Mini four et grille pain.. Ambiance cocooning! quartier génial! Hyper bonne ambiance !
7163	A unique and cosy appartment under the rooftops of Paris. Multiple transport links within walking distance: Gare de l'Est / Gare du Nord. Perfect base to explore the City of Lights.	A unique and cosy appartment under the rooftops of Paris. Multiple transport links within walking distance: Gare de l'Est / Gare du Nord. Perfect base to explore the City of Lights. Looking forward to welcoming you soon! A unique and cosy appartment under the rooftops of Paris. Multiple transport links within walking distance: Gare de l'Est / Gare du Nord. Perfect base to explore the City of Lights. The apartment is located in the lively and bustling 10th arrondissement between two of Paris' main train stations, which provide plenty of transport links to get across the city. You're never more than 15 minutes from areas such as Galleries Lafayette (shopaholic's heaven), Montmartre (beautiful views of Paris) and the Marais (winding streets with boutiques and cafés to while away the day). There are numerous local bars and restaurants to explore including those in Rue Faubourg Saint Denis. Don't hesitate to ask if you need some ideas or directions. Gare de l'Est : - Métro 4, 5, 7 Gare du N
7164		We rent a room in our spacious old style flat (110 square meters) in a typical parisian building! Huge living room, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub, and 2 toilets. The flat is located in a very central location of Paris close to Place de la République, Canal Saint Martin, Marais, Opéra, Pigalle, etc. You will find a lot of bars and restaurants nearby as well as a food market across the street.
7165	Our room 01 is our smallest room (15m2)  giving out on the court so really calm. The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area.	Bonjour,  We're a  b&b right in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful Haussmanien apartment, mouldings, marble chimneys, wooden floors, beautifully decorated. We love to take care of our guests so they feel really at home! We serve a great breakfast! Our room 01 is our smallest room (15m2)  giving out on the court so really calm. The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. We're next to the gare du Nord area. On first sight it  is a rather busy point of Paris. Once inside our guests are always surprised it is so calm. Most of our rooms give out on the court. The neighborhoods around are just wonderful. The places where the Parisians live, work, go for a coffee or a meal.... With 4 
7166	Jolie chambre de 15m2 accueillant jusqu'à 4 pers (1 lit 140 et 1 lit 160) tout confort accès internet, WI-FI et TV.	Jolie chambre de 15m2 accueillant jusqu'à 4 pers (1 lit 140 et 1 lit 160) tout confort WIFI et TV dans le quartier de république, un quartier animé à 150 m de la place de la République et 150 m du canal Saint Martin. Bars, resto, commerces proches. Jolie chambre de 15m2 accueillant jusqu'à 4 pers (1 lit 140 et 1 lit 160) tout confort accès internet, WI-FI et TV. Vous aurez accès en plus de votre chambre au salon, à la cuisine et à la salle de bain. Nous serons à votre disposition pour vous aider durant votre séjour.  Je parle français, portugais, italien, espagnol et anglais. Parlo italiano! Eu falo português! Yo hablo español ! I speak english ! Situé dans le quartier de république, un quartier animé à 150 m de la place de la République et 150 m du canal Saint Martin. Bars, restaurants, et commerces sont à proximité. Nous sommes juste à coté au métro république (lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, et 11) de nombreuses lignes de bus, station taxi, station velib et autolib. Nous avons un gentil petit ch
7167	Our room 02 is is a nice large room (22m2)  giving out on the (small) balcony, great if you are a smoker! The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. Rooms 2 is decorated in respect of the beautiful features, like the splendid mouldings, the marble chimney and the wooden oak floors... The style is the twenties!! The room has a large double bed. We can add 2 small beds, if you want to sleep with 4 persons.	Bonjour,  We're a  b&b right in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful Haussmanien apartment, mouldings, marble chimneys, wooden floors, beautifully decorated. We love yto take care of our guests so they feel really at home!! Our room 02 is is a nice large room (22m2)  giving out on the (small) balcony, great if you are a smoker! The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. Rooms 2 is decorated in respect of the beautiful features, like the splendid mouldings, the marble chimney and the wooden oak floors... The style is the twenties!! The room has a large double bed. We can add 2 small beds, if you want to sleep with 4 persons. We're next to the gare du Nord area. On first sight it  
7168		Je loue ma chambre donnant sur les toits de Paris au dernier étage avec assesseur. Très lumineux, l'appartement est entièrement vide en ce moment, donc vous pouvez profiter d'un appartement pour les prix d'une chambre!! vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement sauf au dressing, que nous gardons pour entreposer nos effets personnels.
7169	l'appartement est vaste, nous pouvons ainsi nous y rencontrer quand on le souhaite, il est traversant sur cour et sur rue, on descend  2 étages pour se retrouver dans l'ambiance très vivante et chaleureuse des restos, cafés, salles d'expo et tous les commerces, l'opéra garnier est à 15 mn à pied la place de la république à 10	l'appartement est ancien, typiquement parisien avec parquet, poutres cheminées, restauré dans le respect des matériaux, on y vit paisiblement et bien qu'il soit en plein centre, il est calme, nous avons l'habitude d'y accueillir et plaisir à partager l'appartement est vaste, nous pouvons ainsi nous y rencontrer quand on le souhaite, il est traversant sur cour et sur rue, on descend  2 étages pour se retrouver dans l'ambiance très vivante et chaleureuse des restos, cafés, salles d'expo et tous les commerces, l'opéra garnier est à 15 mn à pied la place de la république à 10 vous aurez accés à la cuisine, salon, sdb, toilettes, pas de terrasse, hélas! si vous souhaitez des recommandations ou quoi que se soit concernant la vie pratique à Paris, bien sûr nous serons là, si vous préferez être solitaire, pas de probléme. il y a tant de bonnes adresses dans ce quartier! nous les échangeons à la demande, en fonction des gouts de chacun. le logement est très bien desservi en transports, les gare
7170	The flat is well located near Canal Saint Martin, in the hip 10th district of Paris, and quite big too, 950 sqf.  Your bedroom is about 160 sqf, It has a simple but comfortable bed, a chimney with a big built in mirror on top of it, a large window and a big cupboard. I'm Boris, 30, i work as a photographer, i live here with my girlfriend. If you want to feel like a real Parisian, eat, drink and go out like the french do, I'll be happy to share with you some tips ! I'm french and i've been living in Paris for the past 14 years, so i know a bit of the city... Each room has large doubled glassed windows. The living room is very cosy with big designers sofas, books, etc.... Also my two adorable cats dont go on holidays, so they will be in the flat. They are absolutely pacific creatures, and also very very discreet, not the jump-on-the-dinner-table kind. Neighbours are very friendly too, the building has a nice atmosphere.  The metro station is right across the street, Louis Blanc, on the l	The flat is well located near Canal Saint Martin, in the hip 10th district of Paris, and quite big too, 950 sqf.  Your bedroom is about 160 sqf, It has a simple but comfortable bed, a chimney with a big built in mirror on top of it, a large window and a big cupboard. I'm Boris, 30, i work as a photographer, i live here with my girlfriend. If you want to feel like a real Parisian, eat, drink and go out like the french do, I'll be happy to share with you some tips ! I'm french and i've been living in Paris for the past 14 years, so i know a bit of the city... Each room has large doubled glassed windows. The living room is very cosy with big designers sofas, books, etc.... Also my two adorable cats dont go on holidays, so they will be in the flat. They are absolutely pacific creatures, and also very very discreet, not the jump-on-the-dinner-table kind. Neighbours are very friendly too, the building has a nice atmosphere.  The metro station is right across the street, Louis Blanc, on the l
7171	J'habite dans l'appartement 4 nuits par semaine s	Chambre cosy , très bien situé au canal st martin république .   Cuisine et douche à partager   bel immeuble au 6eme étage , calme 2 lits de 90cm   Internet J'habite dans l'appartement 4 nuits par semaine s Salle de bain et cuisine République  canal st martin
7172	Our room 03 is our largest room (25m2)  giving out on the court so really calm. The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. Standard the room has 1 big bed but we can add a 2nd big bed so 4 can sleep in this wonderful room. The room is decorated with respect to the original features, moulded ceilings, woodenoak floors....	Bonjour, We're a  b&b right in the heart of Paris, in a beautiful Haussmanien apartment, mouldings, marble chimneys, wooden floors, beautifully decorated. We love yto take care of our guests so they feel really at home!! Our room 03 is our largest room (25m2)  giving out on the court so really calm. The room is in our main appartement where we live as well. So we're most of the time available to help you find your way in this wonderful town. Our breakfasts are getting rather famous. It is the time of day I prefer most. All guests around the table getting to know eachother!! Our rooms are all comfortably decorated. Excellent beds, and a sitting area. Standard the room has 1 big bed but we can add a 2nd big bed so 4 can sleep in this wonderful room. The room is decorated with respect to the original features, moulded ceilings, woodenoak floors.... We're next to the gare du Nord area. On first sight it  is a rather busy point of Paris. Once inside our guests are always surprised it is so 
7173	La chambre  offre un lit double (queen size) avec un matelas très confortable et une grande capacité de rangement.	We offer you a quiet room in our apartment located in the most connected area of the capital. Also enjoy a breakfast  before continued your travel or simply strolling in Paris! La chambre  offre un lit double (queen size) avec un matelas très confortable et une grande capacité de rangement. Lave-linge, un sèche-linge, un fer à repasser et un aspirateur. Les serviettes et draps sont fournis. Accès à internet dans tout l’appartement équipé de la fibre. Le quartier est vivant et chaleureux, proche de nombreux attraits touristiques. La plupart des sites touristiques sont à quelques stations de métro ou accessible à pied : Montmartre, Pigalle, Canal St Martin, République, Le Marais. Notre Dame : 15 minutes en métro/bus ou 30 minutes à pied ; Sacré Cœur : 10 minutes à pied ; Louvre / Tuileries : 15 minutes en métro / bus ; Tour Eiffel : 30 minutes en métro ; Centre Pompidou : 10 minutes en métro / bus ou 15 minutes à pied ; Disneyland : 1h en métro / RER ; Shopping et restauration à proximit
7174	"Welcome in this charming 30m2 flat in the Montmartre & Sacré Coeur area!  The flat is ideally located, one minute away from the station ""Anvers"" which is the closest metro stop to Sacré Coeur and Buttes Montmartre.  The metro line 2 is direct to Champs-Elysées, Père Lachaise and ""Place of Nation"" Calm and quiet area with a view on an inner bakyard. The flat, in the 3rd floor with no elevator, is ideal for a couple or for three people  It consists of: A separated bedroom with a double bed (2 guests) A living room with a sofa bed for an extra guest An open and equipped kitchen (No washing machine or dish washer though) The flat is fully equipped and has a free Internet wifi access. Independant WC. Grocery stores next to the apartment and bakery just facing the entrance door. Numerous restaurants with outside terraces in the area and a very nice one (just around the corner) called le Corsau (very good italian cuisine) that I very often recommend to my guests.  Looking forward to welcoming"	"Welcome in this charming 30m2 flat in the Montmartre & Sacré Coeur area!  The flat is ideally located, one minute away from the station ""Anvers"" which is the closest metro stop to Sacré Coeur and Buttes Montmartre.  The metro line 2 is direct to Champs-Elysées, Père Lachaise and ""Place of Nation"" Calm and quiet area with a view on an inner bakyard. The flat, in the 3rd floor with no elevator, is ideal for a couple or for three people  It consists of: A separated bedroom with a double bed (2 guests) A living room with a sofa bed for an extra guest An open and equipped kitchen (No washing machine or dish washer though) The flat is fully equipped and has a free Internet wifi access. Independant WC. Grocery stores next to the apartment and bakery just facing the entrance door. Numerous restaurants with outside terraces in the area and a very nice one (just around the corner) called le Corsau (very good italian cuisine) that I very often recommend to my guests.  Looking forward to welcoming"
7175		A modern flat for 4 people in central Paris available to welcome you. 
7176	Juste à la limite des 9e et 10e arrondissements, très central dans un quartier authentiquement parisien en plein renouveau, proche des grands boulevards, à 15 mn à pied de l'Opéra, de Montmartre, de la Gare du Nord et du Canal Saint Martin.  A 15 mn en métro du Musée du Louvre et du centre de Paris, le Metro Poissonnière est à 3 minutes a pied. Notre petite rue donne sur la belle église Saint Vincent de Paul du 19s, entourée d'arbres et du célèbre restaurant Chez Michel. Beaucoup de films ont été tournés dans notre rue résidentielle. Un marche couvert sympathique ancien, ouvert l'été, le marche Saint Quentin, est à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Il y a également un square, le jardin Montholon, entouré de restaurants sympathiques, sur la rue Lafayette juste à coté. Le quartier comprend des commerces et plusieurs superettes. Egalement à proximité, à pied, le quartier animé des grands boulevards et des galeries couvertes du 19e siècle avec des antiquaires et bouquinistes, et le quartier bohe	Juste à la limite des 9e et 10e arrondissements, très central dans un quartier authentiquement parisien en plein renouveau, proche des grands boulevards, à 15 mn à pied de l'Opéra, de Montmartre, de la Gare du Nord et du Canal Saint Martin.  A 15 mn en métro du Musée du Louvre et du centre de Paris, le Metro Poissonnière est à 3 minutes a pied. Notre petite rue donne sur la belle église Saint Vincent de Paul du 19s, entourée d'arbres et du célèbre restaurant Chez Michel. Beaucoup de films ont été tournés dans notre rue résidentielle. Un marche couvert sympathique ancien, ouvert l'été, le marche Saint Quentin, est à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Il y a également un square, le jardin Montholon, entouré de restaurants sympathiques, sur la rue Lafayette juste à coté. Le quartier comprend des commerces et plusieurs superettes. Egalement à proximité, à pied, le quartier animé des grands boulevards et des galeries couvertes du 19e siècle avec des antiquaires et bouquinistes, et le quartier bohe
7177	Cet appartement neuf dispose de tout l'équipement et le confort attendu. Il dispose d'un accès à toutes les chaînes canal + et canalsat (discovery Channel,discovery science, national geographic, ainsi que des chaînes de télévision étrangères)	A 70 m de la gare du nord ce studio très calme est  équipé  d'un canapé cuir convertible en lit d'une seule manœuvre.Lave linge/sèche linge, four, micro ondes plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, internet wi-fi,Draps, serviette, lessive et vaisselle fournis. Cet appartement neuf dispose de tout l'équipement et le confort attendu. Il dispose d'un accès à toutes les chaînes canal + et canalsat (discovery Channel,discovery science, national geographic, ainsi que des chaînes de télévision étrangères) Métro et rer et trains internationaux station Gare du nord
7178	"I rent my room  in the center of Paris  ! Be welcome in this room full of sun ! My roomate and best friend since ten years is a wonderful woman, friendly, quiet & respectful. If you play piano, you will enjoy mine ;-) I rent my room in the center of Paris ! Be welcome in this home full of sun ! My best friend is a wonderful woman, friendly, quiet & respectful. If you play piano, you will enjoy mine ;-) I rent my beautiful room in a spacious flat in the center of Paris. I share this flat since 4 years, with my best friend, a journalist.You have a kitchen when you can eat and cook (and a small wall i did not finished to paint ;-)) . A bathroom with a bath (there are flowers in the bath, you will see). Toilets 9with a poster of Ryan Gosling).My room is 14m2.You have a good bed, a balcony (in each room), Internet, Phone, movies, books, a white piano I called ""Billy"", stereo, a wardrobe, moquette...and always the light of the sun ! You can see though my window Paris, and the Sacre Coeur ! Y"	I rentmy room  in the center of Paris  ! Be welcome in this home full of sun ! My best friend and roomate is a wonderful woman, friendly, quiet & respectful. If you play piano, you will enjoy mine ;-) I rent my room  in the center of Paris  ! Be welcome in this room full of sun ! My roomate and best friend since ten years is a wonderful woman, friendly, quiet & respectful. If you play piano, you will enjoy mine ;-) I rent my room in the center of Paris ! Be welcome in this home full of sun ! My best friend is a wonderful woman, friendly, quiet & respectful. If you play piano, you will enjoy mine ;-) I rent my beautiful room in a spacious flat in the center of Paris. I share this flat since 4 years, with my best friend, a journalist.You have a kitchen when you can eat and cook (and a small wall i did not finished to paint ;-)) . A bathroom with a bath (there are flowers in the bath, you will see). Toilets 9with a poster of Ryan Gosling).My room is 14m2.You have a good bed, a balcony (in
7179	"Please if you are new on airbnb check out the Q&A part of the site. I CAN NOT show you the apt prior to a booking, it's restricted by the site, to avoid scam and dishonest people! Spacious room near canal st martin for 1 person.  The apt is located 5min from Republique, and about 3min from Canal Saint Martin. The apt is about 35m² and the room rented out roughly 17m². It's very spacious with lots of lights it's clean and organized.   You will have to share the kitchen + bath room , extreme cleanness is required!  The apt is only suitable for 2 people, meaning it's either me or my flat mate, during your stay. The kitchen is small but has all utensils needed for cooking.  A light, frugal breakfast is included tea+ coffee+ cereal. There's a great WiFi connection, all included. It takes about 10minutes  to walk to the trendy neighbor hood ""The Marais"" Metro lines Jacques Bonsergent, Republique, lines 3,5,8,9,11 The major tourist spots are few metro stops away, the Picasso museum, Place vos"	A cosy  light and airy room just in the heart of, Canal St Martin. If you are in town for an extended stay, internship etc, this is the perfect location to have a good rest after a long day. Easy access to all major subway lines! Please if you are new on airbnb check out the Q&A part of the site. I CAN NOT show you the apt prior to a booking, it's restricted by the site, to avoid scam and dishonest people! Spacious room near canal st martin for 1 person.  The apt is located 5min from Republique, and about 3min from Canal Saint Martin. The apt is about 35m² and the room rented out roughly 17m². It's very spacious with lots of lights it's clean and organized.   You will have to share the kitchen + bath room , extreme cleanness is required!  The apt is only suitable for 2 people, meaning it's either me or my flat mate, during your stay. The kitchen is small but has all utensils needed for cooking.  A light, frugal breakfast is included tea+ coffee+ cereal. There's a great WiFi connection,
7180	Entre le Canal Saint Martin et le Bassin de la Villette, pas très loin de Montmartre, Belleville, le Parc de la Villette (Musée des Sciences et de l’Industrie) et les Buttes Chaumont, à qq mn des cinémas, cafés, restaurants, boulangerie, fromagerie, cave à bières, cave à vins, marchand de légumes, traiteurs, poissonnerie, Franprix ou Monoprix… une grande chambre, au rez-de-chaussée d’un petit immeuble du XIXe siècle en pierre de taille, typiquement parisien, venant d’être rénové, sur rue calme, vue dégagée sur une cour d’école et ses arbres, lumineux. La chambre a été rénovée récemment, elle a beaucoup de charme et est confortable. Elle dispose d'une commode à votre disposition, d’un lit double de 160x200, d’un grand bureau et d’une table basse. Il y a une petite salle de bain avec baignoire et des toilettes dans l’appartement. Cette chambre fait partie de notre logement, le loft d’un couple d’artistes en activité de 160m2 dans lequel nous vivons avec nos deux enfants qui sont étudiant	Entre le Canal Saint Martin et le Bassin de la Villette, pas très loin de Montmartre, Belleville, le Parc de la Villette (Musée des Sciences et de l’Industrie) et les Buttes Chaumont, à qq mn des cinémas, cafés, restaurants, boulangerie, fromagerie, cave à bières, cave à vins, marchand de légumes, traiteurs, poissonnerie, Franprix ou Monoprix… une grande chambre, au rez-de-chaussée d’un petit immeuble du XIXe siècle en pierre de taille, typiquement parisien, venant d’être rénové, sur rue calme, vue dégagée sur une cour d’école et ses arbres, lumineux. La chambre a été rénovée récemment, elle a beaucoup de charme et est confortable. Elle dispose d'une commode à votre disposition, d’un lit double de 160x200, d’un grand bureau et d’une table basse. Il y a une petite salle de bain avec baignoire et des toilettes dans l’appartement. Cette chambre fait partie de notre logement, le loft d’un couple d’artistes en activité de 160m2 dans lequel nous vivons avec nos deux enfants qui sont étudiant
7181	One room available in a gorgeous light-filled typical Parisian apartment right next to Republique and the Canal Saint-Martin. Fully Furnished, Double Lounge/Dining room (Table for 6-8) Oven, Microwave, Nespresso Machine, Large Fridge/Freezer, Separate Toilet, Bath & Shower High speed Fibre Internet (100mb/sec), Telephone (free calls to French mobile & home phones), Widescreen Television Less than five minutes walk to Metro Republique (Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) Ten minute walk to Metro Chateau d'Eau (Line 4), Five minute walk to Canal Saint Martin  Fifteen minutes on metro to central Paris (Chatelet) Several Velib public bike stations in the Area Fantastic restaurants, cocktail bars and cafés in the area. Direct Metro lines to major monuments (Opera, Tour Eiffel) The apartment is beautiful, north facing, receiving sunlight all day. A very typical Parisian apartment.	A gorgeous sun-filled, beautifully decorated apartment at Republique. Two double bedrooms (one for rent) with huge double living/dining. Right next to the Marais, Canal St Martin with exceptional public transport.  One room available in a gorgeous light-filled typical Parisian apartment right next to Republique and the Canal Saint-Martin. Fully Furnished, Double Lounge/Dining room (Table for 6-8) Oven, Microwave, Nespresso Machine, Large Fridge/Freezer, Separate Toilet, Bath & Shower High speed Fibre Internet (100mb/sec), Telephone (free calls to French mobile & home phones), Widescreen Television Less than five minutes walk to Metro Republique (Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) Ten minute walk to Metro Chateau d'Eau (Line 4), Five minute walk to Canal Saint Martin  Fifteen minutes on metro to central Paris (Chatelet) Several Velib public bike stations in the Area Fantastic restaurants, cocktail bars and cafés in the area. Direct Metro lines to major monuments (Opera, Tour Eiffel) The apartment is
7182	Your own bathroom TV (big screen) Kitchen  Wireless system through the flat  	Ensuite double bedroom in a 112 m² flat. Literally 3 minutes away from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'est. All amenities nearby.  Fully refurbished beg. 2015.  Your own bathroom TV (big screen) Kitchen  Wireless system through the flat  Private bathroom for the guests My flatmate and myself will be there to welcome you and tell you more about the neighborhood.  Flat mates are happy to speak English and German! Lovely little street, away from the noise and the business of Paris, but still in the very heart of it Canal Saint Martin / Gare de l'est and Gare du Nord area.  Flat in a small street, away from the noise of main boulevards nearby!  Next to a great covered food market (marché saint-Quentin) Next to Gare du Nord (lines B, D, 4, 5)  And Gare de l'est (lines 4, 5, 7) Many bus lines nearby too 
7183	Grande luminosité (2 fenêtres) et vue sur la place Franz Litz. Agréable jardin qui isole l’immeuble du bruit de la ville. Idéal pour un jeune couple	"Grande luminosité (2 fenêtres) et vue sur la place Franz Litz. Agréable jardin qui isole l’immeuble du bruit de la ville. Idéal pour un jeune couple Logement individuel entièrement équipé: Réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaque de cuisson, four micro ondes, grille pain... Internet haut débit... Rencontre lors de la remise des clefs et le jour du départ seulement. Vous profiterez d'un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris. Difficile de faire mieux pour découvrir la capitale française et passer un séjour inoubliable dans une ambiance romantique typiquement parisienne ! C'est le quartier dit des ""grands boulevards"" qui, depuis le XIXème siècle, fait la réputation de la ville lumière, quartier des théâtres, des grands magasins et des passages couverts qu'occupent nombre d'antiquaires et de boutiques de charme. C'est aussi le quartier de la ""Nouvelle Athènes"", foyer littéraire et artistique du XIXème siècle. Bistrots, restaurants, petits commerces typiquement parisiens vous y attendent. Vous s"
7184	Grande chambre (15m2) lumineuse et calme, avec cheminée (non utilisable :-)) , parquet et moulures au plafond, dans un grand appartement parisien de 90m2. L'appartement se situe entre deux cours, ce qui le rend très calme, dans ce quartier animé. Il s'agit d'une colocation de 3 personnes, et vous apercevrez certainement l'une ou l'autre de mes colocataires (adorablement sympathiques et parlant anglais!) ou leur locataire Airbnb!	Grande chambre (15m2) lumineuse et calme, avec cheminée (non utilisable :-)) , parquet et moulures au plafond, dans un grand appartement parisien de 90m2. L'appartement se situe entre deux cours, ce qui le rend très calme, dans ce quartier animé. Il s'agit d'une colocation de 3 personnes, et vous apercevrez certainement l'une ou l'autre de mes colocataires (adorablement sympathiques et parlant anglais!) ou leur locataire Airbnb! Vous aurez accès à la cuisine, au salon et à la salle de bain librement, au même titre que les autres personnes présentes. L'ordinateur de ma chambre ne sera pas accessible mais il y a la wifi (code au salon sur la box). Très sympathiques, mes colocataires sont joyeuses et accueillantes...mais je ne sais pas si elles seront présentes. pour ma part, en général, je ne suis pas là, mais il arrive que je passe à l'appartement.  Quartier animé! A 100m du canal Saint-martin, lieu touristique et adoré des parisiens branchés où vous trouverez bars, restaurants, cinémas
7185	It is a 2-room flat, with a separate bedroom, on the second floor of a renovated building (no lift). There is a lot of light with 3 French windows, and the flat is very calm as it is overlooking a quiet yard. 3 mn walk from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. 10 mn walk from République, 15mn walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur. You can access all parts of Paris very easily with public transportations (metro lines 2, 4, 5 an 7, RER B, D and E). The kitchen is fully equipped (except for a dishwasher, I'm afraid that's quite rare in Paris!). So is the bathroom, with a washing machine you can use in case you need it.  The living room is not big, but cosy and with a nice atmosphere, you will enjoy your own space in the heart of Paris.	My flat is a typical tiny Parisian flat, but you will find everything you need in it. It is not much but it's home! Authenticity guaranteed. It is a 2-room flat, with a separate bedroom, on the second floor of a renovated building (no lift). There is a lot of light with 3 French windows, and the flat is very calm as it is overlooking a quiet yard. 3 mn walk from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. 10 mn walk from République, 15mn walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur. You can access all parts of Paris very easily with public transportations (metro lines 2, 4, 5 an 7, RER B, D and E). The kitchen is fully equipped (except for a dishwasher, I'm afraid that's quite rare in Paris!). So is the bathroom, with a washing machine you can use in case you need it.  The living room is not big, but cosy and with a nice atmosphere, you will enjoy your own space in the heart of Paris. You will access the whole flat I will be here to give you the keys, but probably won't be in Paris during your stay. I
7186	"Thank you for your interest in this property ; take a few minutes and read the full reading of his presentation. We have been regularly renting out our flat for over five years, and therefore acquired an appreciable experience aiming to provide you an excellent welcome, as well as giving you useful information and advice for your stay in Paris. Calm is an important feature of the environment of our apartment. Therefore, please note that it is not intended to accommodate organized parties or any event which may create a nuisance to our neighbors. We will refuse leases that have been signed while hiding this purpose. The apartment is located in central Paris, in the 10th arrondissement, near the Gare du Nord and East (Metro: ""Gare de l'Est"" or ""Gare du Nord ""), and the Grands Boulevards. Therefore it has excellent transportation facilities to other districts and to most attractions inside the city. Numerous bus routes also close by. A ""Vélib"" station (bicycle rental) is at the foot of th"	"A quiet and comfortable flat for 5-6 people in a central and  lively area. All useful services are in close proximity: 3 subway lines, buses, supermarkets, shops, cafes & restaurants, theatres, park ... Thank you for your interest in this property ; take a few minutes and read the full reading of his presentation. We have been regularly renting out our flat for over five years, and therefore acquired an appreciable experience aiming to provide you an excellent welcome, as well as giving you useful information and advice for your stay in Paris. Calm is an important feature of the environment of our apartment. Therefore, please note that it is not intended to accommodate organized parties or any event which may create a nuisance to our neighbors. We will refuse leases that have been signed while hiding this purpose. The apartment is located in central Paris, in the 10th arrondissement, near the Gare du Nord and East (Metro: ""Gare de l'Est"" or ""Gare du Nord ""), and the Grands Boulevards. "
7187		Spacious private room in a big typical parisian appartment in the heart of Paris Big living room, big kitchen and bathroom  Ideally located in the very trendy 10th arrondissement. ( bar, restaurant, walks, canal )  It is in the center of paris so in 20mn walk you can visit area that are very different  You are 15 mn walk of the canal Saint Martin which is adorable  And the rue du Faubourg saint denis has many bar and french restaurant  There is several tube stations around the appartement ! Ligne 9 Strabourg saint denis  Ligne 7 Poissonnières  Ligne 4 Gare de L'est / Gare du Nord  Ligne 5 Jacques Bonsergent 
7188	Grande chambre de 15m2,  calme, avec cheminée (non utilisable :-)) , parquet et moulures au plafond, dans un grand appartement  de 90m2. Elle dispose d'une grande fenêtre qui donne sur la cour. L'appartement se situe entre deux cours, ce qui le rend très calme, dans ce quartier animé. Il s'agit d'une collocation de 3 personnes, et vous apercevrez certainement l'une ou l'autre de mes colocataires (très sympathiques !) ou leur locataire Airbnb ! Ce type de colocation est assez typique de Paris et permet de louer un appartement de qualité. Il y a un grand couloir lumineux à l'entrée, qui va jusqu'au fond de l'appartement et qui dessert chaque chambre, la cuisine, le salon et la salle de bain. La chambre que je propose est assez éloignée des deux autres et se trouve en face de la cuisine et à côté du salon. 	Chambre cosy, lumineuse et calme, parquet et moulures, dans grand appartement parisien (90m2) en collocation. Super quartier animé! Nombreux transports permettant l'accès facile à tout Paris! Pour diverses raisons j’accueille seulement les filles. Grande chambre de 15m2,  calme, avec cheminée (non utilisable :-)) , parquet et moulures au plafond, dans un grand appartement  de 90m2. Elle dispose d'une grande fenêtre qui donne sur la cour. L'appartement se situe entre deux cours, ce qui le rend très calme, dans ce quartier animé. Il s'agit d'une collocation de 3 personnes, et vous apercevrez certainement l'une ou l'autre de mes colocataires (très sympathiques !) ou leur locataire Airbnb ! Ce type de colocation est assez typique de Paris et permet de louer un appartement de qualité. Il y a un grand couloir lumineux à l'entrée, qui va jusqu'au fond de l'appartement et qui dessert chaque chambre, la cuisine, le salon et la salle de bain. La chambre que je propose est assez éloignée des deux
7189		Bonjour,  je vous propose ma chambre dans un bel appart en colocation. L'appart est dans une position parfaite pour visiter et connaître la ville!
7190		Un studio de 18 mètres carrés à côté des grands boulevards, calme au coeur d'un quartier vivant, télé internet coin cuisine etc....
7191	Ce charmant 2 pièces refait à neuf, se compose:  d'une cuisine équipée avec un four, une plaque de cuisson, un réfrigérateur, une cafetière Nespresso, un micro-onde, un lave-vaisselle, un grille-pain et un équipement complet pour préparer vos repas. d'un salon équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes, d'une table basse qui se convertit en table haute et accueille 4 personnes. Une télévision écran plat avec un accès WIFI, internet et d'une borne Iphone. d'une chambre avec 1 lit pour 2 personnes de 140 cm et un placard de rangement  d'une salle d'eau, composée d'une douche, d'un lavabo, d'un radiateur chauffe serviettes, d'un lave-linge, de WC et d'un sèche-cheveux d'un dressing spacieux, directement dans le salon avec aspirateur, table et fer à repasser ainsi qu'un lit bébé. Le linge de maison est fourni et les lits sont faits à votre arrivée	Idéalement situé au bord du Canal Saint Martin, cet appartement est au second étage sur cour d'un immeuble en pierre de taille. Au calme tout en restant sur une des places les plus branchées de la capitale, vous êtes à quelques pas de République Ce charmant 2 pièces refait à neuf, se compose:  d'une cuisine équipée avec un four, une plaque de cuisson, un réfrigérateur, une cafetière Nespresso, un micro-onde, un lave-vaisselle, un grille-pain et un équipement complet pour préparer vos repas. d'un salon équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes, d'une table basse qui se convertit en table haute et accueille 4 personnes. Une télévision écran plat avec un accès WIFI, internet et d'une borne Iphone. d'une chambre avec 1 lit pour 2 personnes de 140 cm et un placard de rangement  d'une salle d'eau, composée d'une douche, d'un lavabo, d'un radiateur chauffe serviettes, d'un lave-linge, de WC et d'un sèche-cheveux d'un dressing spacieux, directement dans le salon avec aspirateur, table et fer à r
7192	Typical parisian flat with high ceilings, wooden floors, fireplaces.	I live in a 86 m2 apartment close to canal St Martin and I rent a bed room and a living room to people who want to stay in Paris for at least a week. Typical parisian flat with high ceilings, wooden floors, fireplaces. Two rooms well separated from my space. Kitchen, bathroom, toilet. I will be around and happy to help with orientation or anything needed. Very lively area of Canal St Martin. Lots of restaurants, bars... 7 metro lines nearby.  Velib station in the street.
7193	The flat is well located near Canal Saint Martin, in the hip 10th district of Paris, and quite big too, 950 sqf.  Your bedroom is about 160 sqf, it has a double bed with a confortable mattress. Also there is a nice chimney with a big built in mirror on top of it, and a large window, and a cupboard. I'm Boris, 30, i work as a photographer. If you want to feel like a real Parisian, eat, drink and go out like the french do, I'll be happy to share with you some tips ! I'm french and i've been living in Paris for the past 14 years, so i know a bit of the city... Each room has large doubled glassed windows. The living room is very cosy with big designers sofas, books, etc.... Also my two adorable cats dont go on holidays, so they will be in the flat. They are absolutely pacific creatures, and also very very discreet, not the jump-on-the-dinner-table kind. Neighbours are very friendly too, the building has a nice atmosphere.  The metro station is right across the street, Louis Blanc, on the l	The flat is well located near Canal Saint Martin, in the hip 10th district of Paris, and quite big too, 950 sqf.  Your bedroom is about 160 sqf, it has a double bed with a confortable mattress. Also there is a nice chimney with a big built in mirror on top of it, and a large window, and a cupboard. I'm Boris, 30, i work as a photographer. If you want to feel like a real Parisian, eat, drink and go out like the french do, I'll be happy to share with you some tips ! I'm french and i've been living in Paris for the past 14 years, so i know a bit of the city... Each room has large doubled glassed windows. The living room is very cosy with big designers sofas, books, etc.... Also my two adorable cats dont go on holidays, so they will be in the flat. They are absolutely pacific creatures, and also very very discreet, not the jump-on-the-dinner-table kind. Neighbours are very friendly too, the building has a nice atmosphere.  The metro station is right across the street, Louis Blanc, on the l
7194	Our home is a multi-cultural and multi generation place. It is an old place that we remodel bit by bit. My grandma : Henriette, has lived here for the past 55 years. She grew up with a large family and loves having guests. I live here with her helper Jen. There is another helper named Karim who comes in the morning.	Large bedroom (250 sq ft)  and private den (same size) in large apt, very centrally in Paris Grands Boulevards area. High ceilings with classic molding, 2 large windows, a private balcony and a very comfy bed, make this room a very unique place . Our home is a multi-cultural and multi generation place. It is an old place that we remodel bit by bit. My grandma : Henriette, has lived here for the past 55 years. She grew up with a large family and loves having guests. I live here with her helper Jen. There is another helper named Karim who comes in the morning. We will all share the bathroom, toilets, kitchen and living room. We have lived in Paris for a long time so we have a good knowledge of the city and are ready to share our secret places etc :) Grand Boulevards is a lively located between Republique and Opera. Rue du Faubourg St Denis features many bars and cool places for everyone. Our subway stop is Bonne Nouvelle on line 8 and 9. There is an entrance located right in front of our
7195	The area is one of the coolest in Paris: galeries, bars, restaurants, shops, theaters (that were here before!), but the apartment is still pleasant, calm, and central!  Open market and Velib station just down the flat. 	       The sofa-bed is for one person, in the living room or room when there is a host. Ancient typical Parisian appartment of 45 m2 (parquet, cheminée et moulures), both West and East exposition, 4th floor without elevator. Clear and calm.       The area is one of the coolest in Paris: galeries, bars, restaurants, shops, theaters (that were here before!), but the apartment is still pleasant, calm, and central!  Open market and Velib station just down the flat. Kitchen with all included and bathroom, of course! I often work at home. Close from the Centre Georges-Pompidou (15 minutes by foot), just by the Canal Saint-Martin (5 minutes). Indians and Turks restaurants, Blacks hairdressers... this area is very cosmopolite. And secure! Very close of the train stations (and metros) Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Metros: Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, République, Chateau d'Eau, Jacques-Bonsergent. Bus: (phone number hidden).
7196	La double chambre se situe au premier étage dans un bel appartement d'artistes (moulures, cheminées, poutres apparentes..). Elle comprend : Un espace salon avec frigo + cafetière + espace détente (avec canapé lit). Un espace repos avec lit 2 places et rangements. Lieux communs cuisine, salle de bains.	Très joli studio dans bel appartement haussmanien au coeur de Paris. La double chambre se situe au premier étage dans un bel appartement d'artistes (moulures, cheminées, poutres apparentes..). Elle comprend : Un espace salon avec frigo + cafetière + espace détente (avec canapé lit). Un espace repos avec lit 2 places et rangements. Lieux communs cuisine, salle de bains. Les voyageurs auront accès à la salle de bain et la cuisine et jouirons de leur double espace privé isolé des autres chambres de l'appartement. Je suis entièrement disposée à vous aider si vous avez des questions. Je séjournerai occasionnellement à l'appartement durant l'été. Je peux aussi vous renseigner avant votre arrivée via mail. Si vous souhaitez être tranquille et ne croiser personne nous respecterons aussi ce droit. Le quartier est idéal. Au plein coeur du dixième arrondissement à République. Proche place de la République, canal saint Martin, idéal pour ballades et sorties. Très nombreux commerces, restaurants, b
7197		Beau studio refait à neuf avec salle de bain et quitchinette au 5e étage sans ascenseur, rue face au CANAL SAINT MARTIN. Très clair, tout confort dans un quartier animé de Paris. Free WIFI Travaux immeuble en face mais bientôt terminés Studio indépendant Quartier jeune et très animé, bars, restaurants et canal Saint Martin Métro à proximité 
7198		Bien agencé, 18m2 de tranquillité au centre de Paris. À croisement de la gare de l'Est et de la place de la République, vous pourrez vous promener au pied du canal St Martin. Revivez votre jeunesse dans un appartement d'étudiant parisien.
7199	 A nice room in an apartment of 50m2 is to rent. It is located in a very nice area, near to Canal St Martin. 	Nice room available in a 50 m2 appartment, just near to famous canal Saint-Martin, which is one of the most animated and lively localities of Paris.  The second week of Juin, the restoration of the building facade is ongoing!!!  A nice room in an apartment of 50m2 is to rent. It is located in a very nice area, near to Canal St Martin.  Lots of small designer shops, cafes restaurants, 4 lines of metro are making your day nice and easy. Night line bus stops also on the corner.
